Kellyanne Conway Goes Off on CNN's Dana Bash for Asking About Her Husband’s Trump-Critical Tweets https://bit.ly/2qN1K44  (VIDEO) 
One thing I'd like to know...and this is for your husband. How does a decent man remain married to a witch that loves a racist hate monster that is ruining the Country?  There is a reason why you resemble a witch...you better look into it.
What you do has nothing to do with your spouse?? But Trump can give McCabe grief about his wife? Double standard much?
McCabe wife got money from Hillary and friends. It's a conflict of interest.
Andrew McCabe was not involved in the FBI's investigation into Hillary Clinton while his wife was running for office. #readingIsFundamental
So are you saying that after the money has already been given that he would not be expected to "show" his thanks? His wife was deserving of such a generous donation from McCauliffe and his being in the FBI had no influence on donation being given? I'm more cynical than you.
oh geezus christ you magash8ts spin and try to pull the long straw when you have the short one. just go sit down and STFU or go to a drumpf rally so you feel better.  His next one is Sunday April 28 go go go
Almost 300 likes for that post already! It's amazing the way groupthink operates! One good insult gets the mass army in motion. It's Orwells's 1984!
The truth, it is felt, becomes untruth when your enemy utters it. - George Orwell  Grow up, pal...
I’m Jersey Girl http://too.It ’s your choice to be in public http://office.So  scrunity is normal.And Trump clearly has talked negatively&publicly about spouses. He’s been insulting&nasty.Even made fun of handicapped reporter.Where was your outrage/criticism?
I have long marveled at your lack of self awareness, Mrs. Conway. But. You bring up your children here. Your children who have to reconcile the cynicism it takes to defend Trump. You are bring shame to your family for generations to come.
Oh no, I just saw that, you're from Jersey? My home state? You're not a very good ambassador, I'll tell you that much.
Actually your response seemed unhinged & made no sense. Of course she has the right to ask you about public tweets. Why does your husband bash on the president? It is curious.

Brown Shoes don't make it, by Frank Zappa & the Mothers of Invention describes you perfectly
you were caught off guard and didn't have a good answer. you can't blame that on her
Why didn't  Dana mention your husband flying back and fourth ti Russia during the 2016 campaighn
It’s a fair question
Remember when you trashed drumpf when you were shrilling for ted cruz?? You sell your soul to the highest bidder!! Do you teach your children how to spew "alternative facts "???
You’re so mad about it you decided to share it with the world?
Andy's wife was criticized and used as as a reason to fire him from the FBI. Cruz's wife was lambasted by Trump. Dana's question was just that....a question.  The guy YOU work for has taken off the gloves and made spouses an open target. You can thank Trump.
I haven't seen someone lose their cool like you did since the Bowling Green Massacre.
@HoarseWisperer's tweets are what make the internet so wonderfully uplifting.
Alternative facts.
Calm down snowflake

You are an apologist for a despicable incompetent president who lies daily and spends more time on Twitter and the golf course than attending to national affairs. You are in no position to criticize a question because it makes you uncomfortable.
Never trust a liberal
You became a little unhinged. It was a legit question & if you don’t like it, don’t go on TV, & tell your husband to stop tweeting. You’re nasty. I feel sorry for your kids. I bet your husband leaves you. Even he knows what a lyin shitshow Trump’s WH is.
I think you are on drugs. Tranqs, benzos, opioids...maybe drinking a lot. Check in somewhere and get help. You have kids to think about. You’re doing damage to yourself that will be near impossible to fix. 
@KellyannePolls How do you sleep at night?
Spin spin spin yourself to #Gitmo
And you dam sure didn't want to answer, did ya, fang? You're a joke lady.
Kudos to whomever talked you into that hot oil treatment and bottle of conditioner!
I would like to see KAC do ONE interview on CNN where she doesnt start and end with a chip on her shoulder ready to jump down their throats! Leads one to believe she likes the conflict. She looked foolish and overly defensive. She needs to CHILL!
When you lie for a living, you come off condescending & on the offensive, i.e. Sarah Huckabee Sanders
Two very dishonest, snarky, ugly women
"Watch #KellyanneConway lose her mind over being asked about her husband's anti-Trump tweets"

#No_thing2Say

.
She is stupid just watching her made me sick , every time I watch her on anything 
You don’t have a shred of credibility to stand on. Please stop feigning this ridiculous staged outrage, it’s really not working in case you are polling this episode
Wow, that was a very insulting and disrespectful question. Next time, just say you won't be answering personal questions like that, either now or in the future, and that it's none of her business, and leave it at that. If she tries again, then end the interview. Play hardball!
Kelly Anne looked like a crazy person who came unhinged. She shouldn't be so transparent about how she was so desperately trying to spin the question. She feels more like her husband than she admits. Just wants the status, not the boss!
Just answer the damn question.
The only thing hard to comprehend is how you haven’t been asked about your husbands anti-trump tweets sooner. You can be upset with him or be upset you have to lie for a living - none of this is on @DanaBashCNN.

you know you would sell your daughters to a Saudi bordello if the price was right and it wouldn't cause a ripple in your luncheon. and drop dead. take sarah cornpone with you
Please stop u r not the victium u r guilty Dana did NOTHING wrong
Trump is a racist.   A white gunman killed four innocent, unarmed people of color with an assault rifle in a Tennessee Waffle House.

The victims—Akilah Dasilva, DeEbony Groves, Joe Perez & Taurean Sanderlin—have gone unacknowledged by the Trump White House.
EGOOUTOF WHACK!!! The one connecting thread for you, your boss, Pompeo, with a minor in lack of understanding, and empathy. Oh, history, eventuality, (like you have placed yourself on the train tracks, and the trains coming, but you won't be struck, as you are so superior.
I respect you and Dana, I watched this interview and I honestly don't think she was taking a cheap shot at you. It was a simple question, maybe not the best one, but I didn't think it was a dig from a fellow Jersey Girl.
Kellyanne your hollow faced ass is in a public position, open game for all opinions. You can tweet your smut, but your skin is too thin to hear any comments you don't agree with. Resign, and go live in a cave in the Alps.
Every lie shows on your face. You might want to rethink this surrogate job of yours
I don't recall CNN asking Mary Matalin to respond to James Carville's criticisms of Mary's bosses. I don't recall CNN asking Jill McCabe to defend Andy McCabe's work for the Trump admin. I don't recall CNN asking Huma to defend Weiner. #MAGA
Watched the interview yesterday. It appeared that Dana hit a nerve. I'm guessing it has to do with 45 requiring you to place his needs above your families and you going out to lie for him daily, increasingly turning the hubster away from you.
If you can’t stand the heat get out of the kitchen
You're a disgrace to womanhood, shame on you.
Playing the victim card again are we?
You're just attracted to bashing,btw?regards to your dad, Mr. Cryptkeeper.

Under strain. What a bunch of crap.
Spare us the outrage. You couldn’t come up with an answer, right?  Just tell the truth. @DanaBashCNN owned you today.
A phrase that’s never been used about you (and never will be):  “I’ve long admired Kellyanne Conway . . .”
You were so throughly owned.  It was #awesome
Bullshit Kellyanne, your husband who we all think of as more than significant called out #RussianPOTUS coz he knows the #Traitor is going to jail and he wants you and he to have credibility when Trump is wearing Federal prison Khaki.
Too much eye make up, once again, looking pretty scary.
I can’t believe they still give your lying butt a platform 
Kellyanne, you are quite literally insane. You have zero credibility.  Have a great day!
There are some very fine people in New Jersey. You, my dear, aren’t one of them. #ridgewoodalumni
Yeah, you admire @DanaBashCNN SO much that you treated her very poorly and ridiculed her on this morning’s #StateOfTheUnion.  Some admiration! Your husband’s negative tweets about @realDonaldTrump have been widely reported so her question was a fair one.
Hypocrisy & mendacity—you accused Dana of many things that you have been doing for years, almost every time you are interviewed. When she tried to explain the basis for her question, you rudely interrupted & talked over her, essentially called her a liar. I feel sorry for George.
You don't know what you're talking about Kellyanne. I'm very impressed that your husband trolls trump because he knows the "lies" he tells. You'll soon be divorced because who can live with a liar.
@alicetweet @RyanLizza @FWhitfield discussing above, my opinion as I watched was #Defensive reaction & wanting to argue as is your pattern, sounds more like how you respond! Your either Public Professional or not, Public your fair game, not @DanaBashCNN questionning  #Drama!@cnn
Poor little Kellyanne.

@Mediaite Kelyanne Conway, Queen of Deflection, throws a hissy bc a journalist didn't let her run the show.
Did your boss @realDonaldTrump not know about your husband's tweets? I am glad she asked you that question. I have been speculating that your marriage must be in tatters ( before @DanaBashCNN asked the question).
I hope your marriage is not in tatters. You obviously married a good man. Pray your ambitions don’t rise above the vows you took with him.
Dana looked conniving - trying to have a “gotcha” moment. Guess feminism is dead at CNN.
Poor Kellyanne, no not really.
I'm neutral and watched it. Honestly, you didn't handle it well. Too big a moment for you I guess...
It was all for show. She had to attack the CNN host before the interview (?) was over.  She knew trump was watching. I say just keep her on Fox, a network I don’t watch
You are such a strong person.  I admire you greatly.
Even Kellyanne is laughing at that one for your stupidity.
Get over it!   Are you afraid your boss The Dotard might not like your hubby's tweets?
How is asking you about your husband's views somehow worse than Trump attacking Republican McCabe because his wife was a Democrat?

Hint: its NOT except in Trump's deceitful and double-standards based administration in which you play a huge part.

You're the queen of deflection.
It is laughable to think that @KellyannePolls thinks that reasonable people are going to believe that the disgusting actions that they are getting to roll out against the AMERICAN FREE PRESS is somehow warranted by this exchange.  Not so. There are people who know what's up.
Kellyanne handled herself very well. She's very articulate and caught what Dana was trying to do. Hang in there Kellyanne!
ORLY? So you’re fond of double standards?
CNN sucks again as usual fake they are just a gossip channel
Ratings.  Wants to sit with the cool kids in the cafeteria.
You blew it Kellyanne. We saw a psychiatric breakdown on your part on live TV. Seek help immediately.
Best President ever!


@Mediaite Kels, how many times did you bring up HRC’s husband during the campaign? HYPOCRITE!!!!!!!
She did not attack you. You know it as does everyone who actually watched it.  But you go out and peddle lies for a guy who insults people constantly.  Grow up or get out of the sandbox.
Get over yourself lady! Stop making mountain over a mole hill. You're husband clearly doesn't support the man you lie for. If your pathetic boss didn't tweet, his studidity wouldn't be the focus of the news. When the President speaks, news media listen and he can't help himself!
Try getting work done on your head. Inquire about additions of common sense & self-respect. Add some red to your heart. You came across as defensive, unsure of her position, embarrassed. You represent “no tomorrow”. YOU & this WRECK crossed the Rubicon my dear, a long time ago.
Seriously? You and your Fox cohorts call for the prosecution of anyone the President doesn’t like and you’re spitting pea soup over a question about your high profile husband? 

Just announced: Mattel has retired OldHeroinBarbie. Girl, lie down.
So, Kelleyanne has decided to make her husband take down his tweets about the moron trump. Kelleyanne, you’re probably going to get fired anyway, your husband was just trying to give you back some dignity. Obviously, dignity and morality are foreign to you.#sad
She did ask you the question with a familiarity that I would have expected would make you both laugh. Because, what is up with your husband? Can’t live with them, can’t completely control them...

You are so classy, Kelly Anne!

#BlueWaveComing2018
You're Amazing @KellyannePolls as Always
Did you think she was amazing before she went to the dark side?
How is it 'lighthearted' to ask you if you're having problems in your marriage?? That was bad even for CNN.
How many times did Kellyanne bring up the Clinton marriage during the campaign?
Hillary said Bill Clinton was gonna be helping her in the White House
Have you ever criticised your boss for using Bill to bash Hillary?
Apples and oranges. Your question should have been that when Hillary was S of States, did CNN ever ask her about Bill's treatment of women. The answer is no.
Bill would have been smart enough to stay off Twitter
It seems like Saturday Night Live portrays you quite accurately.  You are an embarrassment to human beings. Or just around someone who is clearly abusive and has an unmanaged personality disorder. I'm talking about @realDonaldTrump if you didnt catch it.
A group thinker stumbles thru another tweet with nonsense..  Trump/Pence 2020
Wat
Why does she even go on fake news?  Kelly should know better.
Amazing that anchor made that up about her husband huh? Kelly’s response could have made it a little more clear that her husband said nothing of the sort. She almost acted like he did say it and there was nothing fake about the whole thing at all. Confusing.
You are a hypocrite and a disgusting person. And for Gods sake eat something that skeletor look isn’t very becoming!
Maybe just alternate serious?
KA you LIE constantly if your lips are moving you ARE LYING....& You basically threatened @CNN spouses
You’re both caught up in pretend play about the administration you’re supporting - occasionally the reality of your lying wears on your psyche and finds its way out.
After bashing Hillary for Bill's indiscretions, you feign outrage when someone asks a tame question about your husbands tweets? You're a hypocrite, I'm sure you've heard that word a lot in the past couple of years. Everything you say is a lie, you fit in well with your boss.
I don't like this bitch Kellyanne Conway she tries wearing her hair like the first lady and she's not no where as pretty as her and I truly dispise her shut up bitch and get off Trump's dick your husband has a little sense looking like a ghost  
Conways back starting her lies and fake news Trump is guilty of conspiracy with the Russians over the elections we all know it
KA Conway “ the krypt keeper” suffers from diarrhea of the mouth. Please stop letting her show her face on news feeds.
Did you notice that she actually was quiet for about 2 full seconds!!!!!!! Never saw that before. Always defending and talks over everyone!
Not a fan of Trump, but good on u for bashing Dana on that non-news question about ur spouse.  She wud fit right in at the National Enquirer.
Right. Buddy you are a fine one to talkabout educutation.
Totally legit question. What’s your problem? Did she hit a nerve???
You should be proud of your husband. He tweets and knows he will get attention because he is married to  you. Stop being ashamed of him.
Says you who constaltly attacked Hillary Clinton and the affair her husband had? Sounds like you're just a #snowflake who can't handle it when the tables get turned on you.
I can only imagine the amount of fighting that is going to occur at your house tongiht, Kellyanne lol.
Never click WAPO. Too many lies.
Haha, Dana wasn’t strained AT ALL. You’re projecting, lady. As usual, a bully can dish it out but can’t take it. Don’t like it, stop going on CNN. p.s. you’re disgusting. Have a great day!!
Obviously, you were prepared for the question, which was fair and legitimate.  How often were James Carville and Mary Matalin asked similar questions?  But your faux outrage said more about your hypocrisy.
Skankyanne...quit playing the victim. Maybe you should see a doctor and have the stick removed from your butt.
If you can’t take the heat, get out of the kitchen. When you try to defend and cover, and not well at all, you bring yourself and yes your family into it. You get no pass when it is so ridiculous what you are trying to do.
Same thing different day. She can dish it out but she can't take it dished back.   Her husband made good points in his tweets.  This has nothing to do with being a woman.
What is wrong with you?
All she had to say was ‘Well, he has a right to his own opinion. Couples never agree on absolutely everything.’  That would have been a perfectly good answer.  Unless... she was actually putting on a show for POTUS. Now that’s who she was talking to!
Kellyanne I think you protest too much.  Donald Trump criticized McCabe’s wife for running for office as a Democrat.  Told McCabe repeatedly before firing him his wife was a “LOSER”.  Did you ever defend Mrs. McCabe?
Kellyanne why do you bother to go to FAKE CNN..they always have it out for you..they are NOT your friend..We as WOMEN made the decision NOT to vote for the "other woman" NOT BC our men told us to, but bc WE WANTED TO...love you Kellyanna, keep doing what you're doing...
Well said, she shouldn’t even bother giving fake news CNN any of her valuable time...
TY
On the norm, I'm not to thrilled about KAC. However, in this case, she has my support. The reporter was out of line, good on KAC to put her in check.
How do you rationalize this point? Do you have memory difficulties or is it just basic hypocrisy???
Memory difficulty? Hypocrisy? I don't believe I am experiencing either. In this particular interview KAC was wrongly cornered re: actions of her husband. I believe it was wrong of the reporter to do so.
It wasn’t lighthearted, and I loved your poised and straightforward answers, Kellyanne. 
Straight forward answers What are you using.....crack or meth.
It’s called “my opinion” eat shit if you don’t like it 
Such class.  Did you learn that from trump at one of his Pee Pee parties?
Oh no sweetie, just using  language you’d comprehend. Look at all this ‘class’
Suck it up, buttercup. #Karma is an exacting & accurate bitch and you’ve not played well with her. Stop whining - you’re beginning to sound like your unhinged boss. You really let your ego & greed take the reigns. Buckle up.

#iamwithdana
Kelly, I was also so pro-life until you came on the scene running your mouth.  You mom missed a chance to Make America Great Again.
No, you overreacted! And you people call those on the left "snowflakes" lol. I've never seen such a hyper sensitive bunch of phonies! 
Witch go fly your broom!!!!.
I really think @KellyannePolls is paranoid.  Every discussion with you ends up in a fight with you.  If you don't want anyone to question you or the President, stop appearing on TV!
First of all, no bad was meant by her question, if you had not actually listened to what she asked you, you would have seen that but you pivoted and turned it around to make it sound like she was offensive to you. You, who have said nasty things about Bill Clinton and Hilary.
Oh please. You are just upset because @potus now knows your husband thinks he’s a buffoon, just like the rest of the world.
I despise you so much.
She’s ugliness personified. She looks like her soul has been sucked out of her by a straw.
And yet you and Trump attacked McCabe about his wife being a Democrat
Snowflake.
You are a lying twit. Period.
Typical Don the Con @realDonaldTrump aide move. Distract Insult LIE  Distract again!
You could have simply said he’s entitled to his own opinion instead of having explosive verbal diarrhea.
McCabe’s wife was fair game.  So is your husband.  Play by the rules that your boss set and be quiet.
So what is up with your husband?
That you can be such a hypocrite and attempt to embarrass and discredit such an elegant lady as Dana Bash and try to discredit others at every opportunity goes to the state of affairs in this country.  Your boss leads the charge of incivility on a daily basis and you pile on..
I am huge fan of Dana’s.  The question is why is it ok for you and President to bring up Bill Clinton, McCabe’s wife, Comey’s family, etc?
Says the woman who bashed Hilliary and Bill's relationship at every turn. You reap what you sow lady. Well done Dana...
You realize we can refer to your history of involving other’s spouses? It’s only ok if you and your orange overlord do it? Hypocrisy and lies are aging you Kellyanne.  Whatever was left of your integrity and self awareness just disappeared along with your soul.
PS you may want to learn how to flip burgers.
That was a full-on awkward response to your question.  She should have been more prepared.
Hi Kellyanne.
Pls stop with the fake outrage. You say horrible- mostly untrue things - every day on tv. You are a disaster and should not throw stones.
The question is appropriate.
This whole administration is full of lying hypocrites! #BullshitArtists
#defensive #hypocrite #FullOfShitAsUsual
Since I’m usually on the “other side,” I was about to tweet an argument, but then I decided to go with empathy instead. 

It must be so hard to get asked tough questions like this about personal matters. You’re well-spoken, passionate, and I imagine a wonderful wife and mother.
@KellyannePolls doesn’t want Dr. Ronny to get fired because her drug source would be gone. She’s already blaming Obama. 
When you work for a misogynist, you don’t get to play the sexism card! #TraitorOfWomen #dumpsterfire
Triggered snowflake?
You are disgusting @KellyannePolls

You created something out of nothing. She wasn't questioning your marriage or gender. It was a legitimate question.  Your reaction was overly defensive.
U lost ur shit about a question about hubby's tweets but didn't have a problem mentioning that Comey's wife & daughter preferred Clinton?
#HypocriteMuch

You’ve sold your soul to @realDonaldTrump ... we all see it....
So what about your husbands tweets against Trump? Is he the only one in the family with morals ?
 I was watching thinking "  if Kelyanne was a man would he be asked about comments made by his wife"? Ridiculous, but You punched Dana Bash right in the face Kellyanne, CNN are all hypocrite & biased  BTW Dana said "we'll talk about North Korea later? I'm still waiting
You’re an unabashed idol of true evil. Go away propaganda Barbie you’re not drunk... just a idiot.
Unequally yoked.
Luv ya Kellyanne!  Great job pushing back at DanaTrash’s question on low-rated CNN.
SNOWFLAKE much Kelly?
You seem to need help, you Serve America, and you work for the American people. Stop defending lies ,  this interview makes you look mentally unfit to fulfill your roll, and to serve the Presidency with dignity, that by the way , stands by higher morals than the ones you display.
Can dish out but not take it.   Snowflake
It was your reaction that made the story. Why be that defensive? You’ve handled much tougher personal questions ie Roy Moore.
@Mediaite Superior
Get over yourself.
Remember all those times you went after @HillaryClinton for her husband’s actions? Yeah us too.
Shut the f up conjob
You coined the phrase “alternative facts”.  Everything is fair game.
Kellyanne said that spouses have differing opinions and political support and she should not have even been asked about her husbands tweets by Danna Bash on CNN however Andrew McCabes wife was used as a pawn against her spoude for having a differing opion, such Hypocracy!
Kellyanne....woke up to the interview with you and Dana...  clearly you were uncomfortable.  Fast forward to Cuomo debate...You’re losing your touch...and YOU know it
You need to put a muzzle on that husband of yours
You're a hypocrite. You dish it but you can't take it. You had a meltdown!!
Crazy to bring ones husband into the mix, isn’t it Kellyanne?

“The fact is that Hillary Clinton could not stand up to a cheating husband, so how in the world would she stand up to North Korea and some of our other enemies around the globe?” -Kellyanne Conway
#hypocrite #sad
You cannot properly identify "strain" or "pretend".
I watched this. You were just being a brat.
I can think of a much better word for her.
You get all up in Bill and Hilary's marriage...It's fair we get in yours.
Let's imagine a scenario where say @KellyannePolls was unable to mention HRC w/out also mentioning WJC, then I cld understand her faux outrage but...

Wait a minute! oops

Rock on @DanaBashCNN this was just KAC losing her shit defending the indefensible yet again, much KAC?
Remember that time your orange lover made fun of Cruz’s wife?
#Snowflakes or #Methhead
She's a journalist after all!
How could you NOT be ready for this? You had to know that eventually you'd be asked about your husband's often critical tweets about the admin that YOU help run! You dropped the ball! Your defensiveness and ill prepared angry reply only shined more light on your clear humiliation
I have a solution. Stop talking and  stop going on political shows. Easy peasy.
