Edwin Jackson, Indianapolis Colts linebacker, was killed by an illegal immigrant, police say http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2018/02/05/edwin-jackson-indianapolis-colts-linebacker-was-killed-by-illegal-immigrant-police-say.html …
Bull. You don't care about these men. You walked out on them because they were peacefully protesting rather than be a leader and listen to them. You don't get to do that and then make a statement like this.
Well he just did make a statement and your liberal a** can’t do anything about it ... stay butthurt  = #Winning
He protested their protest. What's your point?
He is an elected official. Elected to represent all Americans, not those he deems worthy. To then lie to the American people and insult these men then makes his actions unethical.
So his first amendment rights terminate upon his election to hold office?
Nope.

But his responsibilities become priority.
The constitution is the highest priority.
Too bad they seem to be ignoring it quite a bit.

And you are fine with him lying to the American public?
He didn’t die today.

Are you only tweeting about it now to attempt to shift focus to your racist views toward immigrants instead of on the LARGEST SINGLE POINT DROP IN THE HISTORY OF THE DOW JONES MARKET?

You are a sick man.
LARGEST.

SINGLE.

DAILY.

DROP.

IN

THE

HISTORY 

OF 

THE 

MARKET

Be proud of your fiscally reckless President, right?
It also hit a record high under Trump. So what's your point? You think it's going to drop to 0 or something? Pathetic.
It’s dropped below all the gains made during his tenure, making his + - in the negative since becoming president.
Well before u throw ur smug comments maybe u should check. There’s a reason MSM is only saying pts and not %. Trump raised stocks sooooo high that any little drop is a lot of pts. Realize You’ve been played, manipulated and made a fool by msm. Bye bye now.
Build the Wall
Such Fake lol poor Libs
So sad
Yes Sir, it’s sad and should never have happened. I myself was almost run over last summer by an illegal. We need to deport and build the wall
You mean you were elated because it's a tool for you, otherwise you wouldn't even know if an NFL player died in a car accident?
So now u care about football players
Wonder if NFL will still take a knee now or have the players be bricklayer's in off-season? RIP young man, prayers to family& friends. #BuildThatWall #BoycottTheNFL
Whose still kneeling?

This was proven untrue
Would he even be mentioning this if the alleged assailant was an illegal immigrant?
It’s because hes from Indiana Einstein
No it’s not, little boy. I invite you to show me Pence’s comments on the remainder of people from Indiana who died over the last year. Should I just wait right here?
Don’t hold your breath 
https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/960339711226273792?ref_src=twcamp%5Ecopy%7Ctwsrc%5Eandroid%7Ctwgr%5Ecopy%7Ctwcon%5E7090%7Ctwterm%5E1 …
Sexual issue
"I am a Catholic. He is a priest. It seemed natural to ask the Rev. James Martin if it was morally wrong to enjoy watching professional football, namely the Super Bowl, on Sunday." http://nyti.ms/2GNPR4i 
Any word on Florida school shooting?

Yes it is sad. However, a tragedy is when a lunatic systematically mows down innocent concert-goers with semi automatic weapons. Where was tour outpouring of grief then?
I am deeply sorry for the loss of a human life tragically taken too soon but @vp when you also acknowledge the tragic school shootings and the ppl killed from the lack of gun control, then I’ll listen to you. @marcorubio @RepAdamSchiff @RepTedDeutch
Be honest, what do you mean by #guncontrol ?
Avoidable and senseless. I trust you and the President to secure our border and keep us safe sir. Thank you
Another reason for the US to get tough on im migration.
God has a special place for you Mr. Pence. 
It's called Hell! 
#FakeChristian
More political recuperation. Does it matter to the grieving family? Does it impact your prayers? Illegal immigrants are less likely to commit crimes statistically, but that doesn't fit your racist narrative, does it? Abusing 2 mourning families in one day, going for a new low?
So innocent until proven guilty doesn’t stand and by the way, Bush 43 and Obama deported the guy and looks like trump let him back in. Hmmmmm
Really.. God Bless the Edwin and his family! Sad lib commits. Stop the hatred!
Another illegal killing innocent people.
Another Magabot who didn't read the article.
You the same guy condemning NFL players for kneeling?! How dare you claim to be sympathetic now! You don't have "everyone" fooled! Most Americans see right through that fake smile.  #NotMyPresident
Just because he doesn't want them to kneel dosent mean he thinks their not a person.
TRUMP/PENCE/NRA 
MAKING AMERICA DEADLY AGAIN 
M. A. D. A.
https://www.facebook.com/ryan.ward.52438174/posts/1668532659860062 …
14..14 school shootings since January 1, 2018...yet we don't hear a word from you when our kids are being shot & killed in the classroom...
Prayers with you Sir on your trip sad he was killed by an ILLEGAL, #NoDACA when’s ENOUGH going to be ENOUGH,
If you believe that god knows the time of one’s death, the manner has little to do with it. The larger message isn’t to exile people. It never has been. Exiling has often been about greed  So either you are an opportunistic person using god for false gain or a callous xenophobe.
You would not say that if it was your child. The illegal should of never been here. Plus I heard the illegal was drunk. Cole had a whole great life ahead of him. RIP, God bless him and his family left to grieve.
I'm sorry I meant meant  Mr. Jackson. We just lost a young man Cole and he was on my mind. Due to school pressures not illegal immigrants.  Still sad news .
How terrible. I am sorry for your loss. Schools can become a terrible pressure cookers, and both losses are something not taken lightly.
Please don’t misunderstand, this administration treats every undocumented person like Martin Shrekreli and if they valued lives, they wouldn’t be depriving children of lawyers, medical services, health services, or life-saving medical treatment. That is why I object.
They seek to turn our backs on veterans, interpreters who aided us, and not give any assistance to those who achieve immigration. That isn’t honorable.
Can Americans go to Mexico and join the armed forces???? The answer is NO!! So now Mexicans and south americans are interpreters for the American armed forces...LMFAO dont make me laugh. why does the middle east under stand spanish now??oh no dont deport the mexican arabic!
Yes, and what I said to myself .... another American killed.
....by a drunk driver, which in 2018 is still something we as a society do not have a handle on.
Working as a society on our society is one thing. We pass down to our children a social education.  It matters not if an outsider enters and does as he wants.
You posted this for one reason and one reason only!  Even in death you politicize this and its disgraceful!
Quit using a persons death for your anti immigration agenda
Still travel around the world wasting  Taxpayer Money.
Ship them all!!! They need to be out of our country
Maybe you should leave instead. You could improve the US and Somalia with just one move.
No disrespect to this man or his family, but it sure would have been nice to hear you say this about, idk, ANY of the 12 school shootings so far this year.
He has made comments reguarding shootings. Sorry if your new source isnt reporting.
Release the memo
Lol. Oh I agree, lay it all out there. I wanna hear all sides, but dems better keep thier facts straight.  Lots more memo's coming from republicans. And the IG report(hehehe)  Oh this is gunna be so good
I really don’t care how many memos are released—at this point I’m sure in my belief that our democracy is in jeopardy because of a man willing to sell the presidency.
Lol. You sure you thought that? The msm has used those exact words for days now.  Lmao "democracy is in jeopardy"   it was in trouble, but now its being saved from the soro's nazis.
I thought that before the election because I was aware of how much money the trumps owed Russia. He has just confirmed my belief with his actions.
You are so behind in whats really going on, this conversation is a lost cause. Only russian collusion is hillary, obama and dnc.  Oh yeah. And Steels dossier. Who even fbi fired due to his crediblity (before using dossier for Muller investigation).
Bigot. Undocumented migrants commit FAR LESS crime than native born Americans, and in fact are more likely to be VICTIMS of crime, especially by your supporters.

bot

Fools
We Need to Stop this All As Fast As Possible My Vice President
Stop people driving cars?
Another senseless death. Completely avoidable. The Dems could care less, it’s all an act on their parts
#AmericaFirst 
#MAGA 
Amen a thousand times!
Build the wall. Screw DACA. Protect legal Americans
This is why we military and police as well as ice in the ground going door to door, business to business and up that trash
How is it that knowing this, the Mayor of San Francisco can publicly proclaim he wants to allow people like Manuel Orrego-Savala to our country and his city?
I don't think the Mayor of SF DID say that?
Elected officials in San Francisco proudly proclaim theirs is a sanctuary city & repeatedly issue statements welcoming illegals. If this is not allowing illegals in their city what is it supposed to mean? Online search will reveal actual statements made by the officials.
Did an online search, can't find any statement from San Francisco mayor "welcoming illegals"
you must not of tried hard enough---> http://www.minutemanhq.com/state/read.php?chapter=CA&sid=877 …
I think you're confusing an opinion piece on sanctuary cities with the fact that the mayor did not say "we welcome illegal immigrants".
San Francisco Mayor Gavin said " He wants illegal immigrants to understand that they are always welcome in the city " or did you not bother to read that part. Here read it again. --> http://www.minutemanhq.com/state/read.php?chapter=CA&sid=877 …
You and I have different filters. I do not see that in the quote, I see that in the author's description. Like I said, It's an opinion piece that is anti sanctuary city.
How come when a white christian male kills...it doesn't make the news????
#LOL
Maybe prayer will bring him back. If everybody prays at the same time we can ask God to give him back
Why do you suppose none of the thousands of other news agencies are reporting this story
moment of compassion the victim's family respect mourning, no political quarrel in comments, let's be human
Pence made it political in the first place... he wouldn’t have said anything if he had been killed by an American.

@BrianBrijw33 Let's NEVER forget that liberal democrats attempted to undermine the election process in an effort to side with the interests of a foreign adversary over the U.S.   There fixed it for you.


Way to rev up your racists, peacekeeper

It’s about time! I knew you could do AG Sessions! Don’t stop there. Place ICE at the polls as TX did! 
Drunk driving is a senseless crime, take cab. $20 vs loss of life thousands of dollars and jail. You don't have to be an idiot to figure that out.  Oh yeah I forgot who I was talking too.
Mike, that rings hollow. You and Mother flounced out if a Colts game, the day Peyton Manning's number was retired, because you find peaceful protest unAnerican. Kneeling for the Anthem does not disrespect Vets. Kneeling protests police brutality. 

Mueller is coming.
Learn to proof read and spell, snowflake!
That's Me. Snowflake to you.
Is that why you pulled a PR stunt costing taxpayers $$$$$ to walk out of the game, you are so transparent, you do the Devils work everyday traitor
Great. You’re raising little insane future liberals. God bless America.
Read about real news from sources you don’t have access to.
You do know fox is an entertainment channel hahahahahaha you're so stupid Google it a**hat
As I said, I read sources about places that you can’t pronounce. Why does Fox News come up? Is Hannity your celebrity crush?
You actually didn't even "say" where you get your news. It's just a known fact that morons love them some fox.
Foreign policy sources.
Go ask Alexa where Turkmenistan is.
His Uber Driver was also killed and from Indiana. #AllLivesMatter
VP didn't mention him?
Did you ask Jackson's family if they were ok with you exploiting his death to push political propaganda?
I guess Obama NEVER did that tho, right?  
Are you implying that Obama doing it would make it ok?
Avoidable being the key word in this statement... but of course, he needed sanctuary because Edwin Jackson had no dreams...
Wow you can say something about this tragedy but not about the lying person who is in the WH.
Hillary isn't in the White House.
Yeah release the memo—shouldn’t be problem right?
Not at all...since it’s does nothing for the  in the WH.
Sadly you are making this tragic incident political. Sending prayers to family who lost a loved one, a son, brother, father, etc.
No, he's not making it political, you ate
Yes he did.
"thought and prayers" so courageous



BLOOD IS ON PENCE'S HAND WITH THE MILLIONS OF BLOOD MONEY HE CONTINUES TO GLADLY ACCEPT FROM THE NRA!
Trying to find the tweet where you were saddened by the murder of Timothy Caughman. I guess trump supporters murdering people dont rate with your "Christian" values. Interesting which avoidable situations do.
What are your thoughts on Anericans being killed by other Americans through drunk driving, mass shootings, domestic violence, white supremacist rallies, etc.
Yes he would. You Liberals are heartless.Dont forget Black Lives Matter, Black Panthers and Antifa.
His family should sue the US Government for failure to protect its citizens and secure its borders. #BuildThatWall
So by the logic of all the Trumpets on here, calling for immigration bans and so on and so forth: are they equally laying the blame of every school shooting in the states at the feet of the @NRA and @GOP ? I didn’t think so. #gunsense #Idjit #Hypocrites #guncontrol #GunControlNow
Illegally entering the country is ILLEGAL.  Bearing arms is a RIGHT.  I don't think you can name one person the NRA killed. Want a list of dead victims of illegal aliens? How dare you even try comparing illegal alien crime to the NRA?

#GunSense
The NRA is not a person so they can’t kill anyone as such. Unless you know something I don’t. They also hold onto a right, drafted up in the 18th century, and totally inappropriate in the modern age. Ergo, they should be held responsible for many, if not all, school shootings.
To stop drunk drivers?
How?
The fact that he was driving drunk caused this. You or I or even the football player could at anytime have made that same choice and hurt or killed someone, but that is completely independent from our legal status. And if it wasn't him, it would be someone else driving drunk.
Release the memo 
Don’t act like you care. You’re a cold and heartless man.
And you Crazy Ginny are  without a doubt clueless. Our VP  is a  Christian man. We the people thank God everyday we have him and President Trump
Did you get in trouble for using an ESPN link instead of a FoxNews link? Is that why you deleted the first one?
Retweeting it was smart.  ESPN would have deleted or changed their article once they noticed the VP linked to it...
Or maybe he would rather whip you guys into a racist frenzy by instead linking to a completely inflammatory FoxNews article.
Cut your race baiting crap.  This has nothing to do with race.  This has to do will legal vs illegal.  That player would never have died if this illegal didn't commit multiple felonies.
1) they would.  2) you didn't deal with the argument, you just sidestepped to avoid what I said.  

I could have just as easily called you a CNN/MSNBC parrot, but that would be pointless.  Deal with the issues and stop defecting to ineffective identity politics.
My point was that he intentionally changed his tweet to direct traffic to a racially inflammatory post. Calm down. If you're not racist, good for you. I personally think it's in poor taste to use someone's death to get people to chant anti-immigrant slogans. But that's just me.
Again, not anti-immigrant, but anti-illegal immigrant.  Now if you mentioned a side note of anti-chain migration, or anti-visa lottery, then you would be right, but that has nothing to do with the tragedy surrounding this man's death, since the killer was illegal.
Another Hillary voter
Nothing like politicizing a terrible tragedy
Right. We should just ignore it and go on about our day. Why wouldn't you bring attention to the fact that this could have been prevented? The families deserve that much.
It Is so sad

Blessings to his family & friends who mourn him
Oh, I was encouraged and surprised by the sudden onset of decency and civility toward an NFL player by Mr. Pence. Then I read the Fox headline. Now I see your soul, @VP . 

Rest in God's peace, Mr. Jackson.
Feel free to stay there, please. Maybe the village idiot will follow.  We can always hope.
And how long will it take ice to shove his arse to the other side of the fence Mr. vice president
Another victim of an illegal immigrant.  THIS MUST STOP!
Well, thanks for your senseless comments, snowflake.
Please include the passing of Jeffrey Monroe in your prayers. There were two tragic deaths in that crash, not one.
The Russian hacked 7 of the States that help put TRUMP in the White HOUSE-
Build the wall President Trump
Yes spend 1 trillion dollars on a ego wall for your beloved god. SAD
If your in Anchorage Alaska please visit our Veterans Outpatient Clinic on Muldoon and our VA Dom on 3001 C st as they have the most Amazing Workers in the VA system. Our Clinics are the best in the World with Amazing Staff.
BUILD THE WALL
No way
You are dispicable!!!!
Oh, seen your protest by not standing at the International sports event Olympics!!!!! Smh.....the entire WH is nothing but hypocrites

It's very unfortunate to hear about this. Prayers for the family. 


VP Pence neglected to tell you that the driver of the car who killed them was a 2x deported illegal alien immigrant without a valid drivers license! #BuildTheWall #EdwinJackson
While this is a terrible tragedy what is your response to the school shootings by citizens? What is your response to all those killed by white supremacists? I'm guessing you are secretly proud right? Resign!!!
Anything to further your boss’ agenda to block immigrants from coming to the USA, right? Yes it’s a tragedy that he was killed but of course faux news had to add that he was allegedly an”illegal” immigrant. You and your ilk need to go!
RIP. 
White men do lots of bad things like rape murder to name a couple.
OMG. How low are you willing to go? Using #DACA and #CHIP kids as hostage, now exploiting a tragic death? Do scumbag tactics not conflict with your so-called Christian values?
Headline should be he was killed by a drunk driver.  It was being drunk which caused the accident, not being illegal.
Thanks for visiting the current South Korea  comminist regime in spite of dangerous for your safety from North Korea's special gurrilla in Korea now as disguised Taekwondo domonstrator at opening ceremony of Winter Olympics at Pyung Chang which is called PyungYang by  Koreans
Build the wall Mr Vice President!!
you hypocritical POS. you don't seem to care for the overwhelming number of deaths not caused by immigrants but rather by your white supremacist base. Gun violence means nothing to you either.
http://www.kwch.com/content/news/Lawrence--teacher-taken-into-custody-by-ICE-after-living-in-US-for-30-years-472541483.html … This is sad too. No it’s more than sad, it’s un-American and it’s un-Christian.

This would have been Trayvon Martin's 23rd birthday.  He was killed by a US citizen.  It's disgusting the way you & your boss routinely cherry pick those with whom you grieve...and only when it fits your political narrative.  #Gaslighting
Irony is you talking about political narrative then bringing up trayvon.
This mans life was taken as a direct result of Democrats padding their voter base with no regard for the safety of US citizens. They know no shame.
Stfu w your politicizing people’s deaths.  Where was your concern for the young lady ran over by y’all? Or the Vegas massacre? Hmmm?
Another taxpayer funded joy ride,
I pray for the family left behind and for his soul.  BUT please stop making it political.
Stirring up your base!
Would have been any different if he was killed by a US citizen? Would you say  “it was tragic, he was killed my a US Citizen”
If he was killed by a legal citizen, that citizen could have been jailed. At least something could have actually happened.
How odd that in other cases they don't say: ".....killed by a legal resident". But I guess that wouldn't be sensationalizing the situation to political advantage.
What about all the kids at Sandy Hook, the Las Vegas shooter victims, Charleston, and on and on.. #GunControlNow

Build the wall.  Deported twice? Give me a break.
You racist xenophobe. You are on the wrong side of history.
When will this STOP?
ALM : American Lives Matter
http://www.americanthinker.com/articles/2015/07/illegal_aliens_murder_at_a_much_higher_rate_than_us_citizens_do.html …

https://www.constitutionparty.com/illegal-alien-crime-and-violence-by-the-numbers-were-all-victims/ …
May the Angels Lift Him up To The Heavens! My Condolences to Family
This is why we need better security at the boarder
So... Black NFL players that kneel to bring attention to our law enforcement officers killing other citizens are despicable, but Black NFL players that happen to be murdered in a way you despise are worthy of your attention? What the heck is wrong with your moral compass?
resign
#NODACA 
An illegal was responsible for the senseless death! Rest in Peace
There is always the river or tunnels or just driving thru !! Wall wont stop anyone who wants to get here bad enough
I think this guy qualifies for sanctuary city and #DACA , I'm sure he has big dreams.
How do u know that?  Clueless fits.
Maybe because there has been an ICE detainer out on the perp? Because he has already been deported twice.
And the Dems have pushed themselves so far out in left field that they will not even understand the irony in this tragic story. May the  Lord embrace the souls of the dead and comfort their families. Retweet if you agree.
fuck you!
So you only mention the celebrity killed but ignore the other guy killed and never tweet about all the other people killed daily. You are trying to politicize this and it’s disgusting
He is not from Mexico, so the wall is still a stupid idea. How about calling out all drunk drivers?
Illegals are not the only killers! My brother was murdered by an American not of immigrant descent!! So anyone can be a killer!! Stop profiling Immigrants. We are all immigrants!! America is beautiful because of everyone. Not just WHITE!! #racist
Exactly!  My uncle was killed in a head on collision with a drunk driver who just happened to be a white male and a veteran- he got seven years.  Wtf America.
Build The Wall
We are very lucky to have the Great and Wonderful Vice President Mike Pence to visit our lovely State of Alaska, if your in Anchorage Alaska please visit our Veterans Outpatient Clinic on Muldoon,  they are Amazing and very Hard Workers and our VA Dom 3001 C st.
Wow, talk about using other’s grief for politics.
Time for @SenDonnelly to stop obstructing and start initiating the solution! #Deport #BuildTheWall
#BuildTheWall #KatesWall
Play this tragedy.
That's nice Pence, but it would be better if your compassion wasn't for want of http://prestige.You  don't fool anyone.
Stop by Ketchikan Mr Pence to see a bunch of patriots and supporters Qanon MAGA
And the other person killed with him??
This doesn't begin to compare to the Bowlinf Green Massacre.  #NeverRemember
Stay there Comrade you’ll be able to see Russia from your hotel room.
Why doesn’t white terror ever raise your alarm
Very few things worse than a fake christian. Coward.
Wait, are you talking about the same @Colts you bailed on when they knelt to call your attention to our country's epidemic of police violence? Something tells me they'll do fine without your sympathies.
Mr. Vice President. Please do not just politicize this tragedy by only mentioning an NFL player.  Along with Edwin, another man that was giving Edwin a ride died as well.  By only tweeting of Edwin, it seems the NFL and his death are used for political pandering.  #USA
I take it by your reply you are brilliant or just unkind. I was informing our VP that 2 men from Indiana are unfortunately dead from this senseless and avoidable tragedy. It is sad and sick. As you said “a man”..no, 2 men.2 sons.2men in senseless deaths. Yes,100% avoidable. #USA
^ only cares about black football player when it suits his xenophobic initiatives.
Build the wall,  Mike!  Let me help!
You have no shame.. Using anything too push your political agenda!!!
Just build the damn wall   these deaths are ridiculous, unacceptable, unnecessary and unamerican
