Kellyanne Conway Goes Off on CNN's Dana Bash for Asking About Her Husband’s Trump-Critical Tweets https://bit.ly/2qN1K44  (VIDEO) 
@realDonaldTrump and yourself have mentioned Hillary's husband against her, McCabe's wife against him, Comey's family against him, Cruz's father against him, Jeb's family against him. Hypocrisy at its finest.
You wanted to make a spectacle out of this to try to make it into "the world vs CNN" but in the end its about your own hypocrisy and your refusal to be the big person who says "Sometimes people have differences of opinion, and my husband proudly states his"
Zanzan, You have it wrong, It's NOT the "world vs CNN", it's @CNN attempting to brainwash the world for it's own complicit treason. Unfortunately, there are great people in CNN, who will go down with the ship. Read the facts of how CNN did the setup of Trump, compliments Comey
While I appreciate your perspective-holding the president accountable does not = treason. In fact it's patriotism at its finest.
Deflection Zanzan and playing with words. Respond to my original statement.
Your statement wasn’t a question, it was your opinion.
Correct, my opinion to what's published on the @CNN involvement in the current cabal of an embarrassing investigation for the USA. If you don't want to provide your insight and/or opinion, then so be it. Just don't deflect.
There is no double-standard for you. There is one standard (honesty & integrity) that you have simply never come close to living up to.
Herconstant lying and Alternative Facts are why she's not allowed on @MSNBC anymore i think @CNN @ABC @NBCNews @CBSNews and any other REAL news organization should also stop giving this blatant liar Airtime
Could not agree more. She deserves no air time.
Why u embarrassed? Isn’t harassment an official WH policy that you support?
Yes!! 
Wow @KellyannePolls you really over reacted at the simple question @DanaBashCNN asked. Sore spot perhaps?
That is what I was thinking.
You should be thanking the CNN makeup crew. They hid the bags under your eyes and actually made you look better on tv than you have in a long time
Ain't THAT the TRUTH!
It’s unbelievable you make a villain out of @DanaBashCNN. There’s this from last week.... #lick
Gross!
You talk way more than you listen. You interrupt people and are unable to stay on topic. You don’t hear anything other than your cult leader’s doctrine.
She’s a mean girl leftover from high school who’s still pissed she didn’t make captain of the cheering squad.
Kelly Ann you are wrong - you do anything not to be fired /
After your best friend Bannon. And others are gone - you do not gamble saying anything that would press Trump’s button to be fired.... but your day is close
At least her husband had class and integrity. He turned down a position with dRumpf. Smart man.
I’m sorry...I think you meant you are cheap and irrelevant.
Go gett'em Kellyanne!!!

Oh, please - they called out both Carville and Matalin about each other’s differing opinions and positions. Stop playing the victim card. You pull that shit whenever you’re caged and in the corner.
Kellyann needs some nutrament ,some ensure and some centrum over 50  she looks like Barbe doll on c,,,,
You brought up sexism AND gender when you STARTED your response with some old Hillary quote about women following their husbands... are you incapable of honesty!?
Is it hard being you?
Please get a “GAY” stylist, hairdresser and makeup  artist !!! 
Your the assistant to the President!! 
Last photo was a joke ... 
But it’s time     
This shows that there is nothing sacrosanct anymore. Everything becomes a FISHING expedition for the GET TRUMP MEDIA!

Clinton, MCabe, Comey, Cruz, Jen... seems like family is not off limits to you. Hypocrisy much?
No one can make you more of an embarrassment than you already are, @KellyannePolls

That mission was accomplished over a year ago.
Kinda sounds like u did get embarrassed, which is why u keep talking about it
Kellyann you ramble on and on...U spoke against Trump before he became the nominee.  NOW U will say anything. And I do mean ANYTHING in praise of him. 2-faced. At least your husband spoke truth. P.S...I know a great Divorce attorney.
You reap what you sow.
Lolol .. you made it embarrassing. She didn’t. It was a GREAT question, which provided you an opportunity to speak intelligently to the dynamics of the family when there are differing viewpoints in this political climate. YOU chose to take it a different way.
Cuz that’s what @KellyannePolls does best: pretend to be a victim, distract and give “alternative facts” 
Lol! @KellyannePolls , you’ll never live down the “alternative facts” narrative 
You know very well it was meant to be lighthearted but you were in the defensive and would rather resort to 45’s strategy which is to bully! Nice! Very nice!
Must be getting nervous for some reason because during the election campaign you would have laughed at such a question and answered in a lighthearted way what you finished with: Family members are different! Which they are!
And you would have come out winning with such an answer!
I think @DanaBashCNN did a great job bringing that very relevant question to you. This is just demonstrate how intolerant you are.
You got what you deserved.
DELETE YOUT TWITTER AND YOUR CAREER @KellyannePolls
Hilarious that he is actually telling others they “obviously can’t” promote something. Let’s see...Trump using his station to promote Melania’s private business. Just ONE example of Trump himself doing it. Let’s not even get into how many T admins have as well!
You and Miller play the same game in interviews. When asked a question you don’t like, you attack the person for asking the question thereby distracting from having to answer. I’d say it’s not a good look for you, but clearly it’s your only look.
Miller is a tad more attractive.
Like you haven't harassed and embarrassed many people on live TV (never mind behind the scenes)? What goes around, comes around.
You come off rather poorly - not sure why you deposited this. Sad really.

You embarrass yourself Kellyanne.
You know the play because you did it to McCabe, harassing him about his wife being a Democrat
Well you should have been embarrassed your husband has more respect than you will ever have you made a fool of yourself.
Again I tried to listen to your words and thought but can’t get past your abrasive personality arg
You are a true embarrassment, how can you tell your children lying and bullying is wrong when you do it every day. Wish real creditable News outlets you not have you screwing the BS you do! So condescending .
it was a legitmate question. you didn't answer well. you are incredible at turning anything into an arrow and making everyone else the villian
Like when the @POTUS and your staff went after McCabe's wife?
You’re a farce. You’re snarky reply says it all. You can dish it out but can’t take it. He sent out a message by social media. For all to see. But you take offense at the question/commentary. Your pathology is showing.

I say you’re ugly.
Tez, you on the other hand is a real catch. Did the dress fit young man?
Good one!
Bullshit - you're a con just like your boss and you're NOT above being questioned about your spouses activities - Andrew McCabe.....ring any bells? You're pathetically transparent.
Jae, you come off extremely jealous. Do you know Kelly personally perhaps?
She wishes...
Your just wrong Mrs. Spinmaster, deflector for the worst ever.
To Kelkyanne Cryptkeeper: You disgust me with your sickly sweet presentation of lie after lie after lie. #soullessmonster
"...it's now fair game how people's spouses and significant others may differ with them," Conway told CNN.

I'll bet Andrew McCabe and his wife would appreciate your lying-ass sentiments - but most of us don't.

Dana Bash hit a nerve , marriage a little Rocky ?
No Kellyanne. Your husband made public remarks disparaging your boss & his staff - it’s completely fair game to ask you about it. Your response ranged from gleeful to deranged and included a thinly veiled threat. Dana took the high road after your rude and bizarre response.
And clearly it hit a nerve
But, Tricksie, what about you husband’s tweets?
You handled it beautifully and professionally.
Tell your boss to quit attacking other men's spouses. Off the top of my head Ted Cruz and Andrew McCabes spouses were attacked.
Ummm...no.  Mission very accomplished.  I know it’s hard for you, when you lie for a living, to ascertain when truth has actually entered the room.  PS...your husband’s tweets were spot on...you work for an incompetent and corrupt racist.  What fun.
Cruz, Bush family
sucks when this happens to you, eh?
Women really don't like each other truth
She said she would've asked the same question to a man; you responded, "No you wouldn't".  You can't talk your way out of this one; you went full-blown ballistic; batshit insane.  #dumpsterfire
You embarrass yourself plenty. And trust us. No one thinks of you as a  woman so gender bias has nothing to do with anything
It’s karma, Kellyanne. What you put out into the world does come back to you. Your time has come and your hypocrisy is catching up with you.
If u get ultra defensive that easily you will never survive the grilling coming from the FBI soon. You clearly share a personality defect with #45
What BS. Kellyanne constantly attacked Hillary Clinton over the indiscretions of Bill Clinton. And now she objects when people ask her about her own husband’s Tweets. Laughable.
You mention your opponent’s spouses at every turn! Or have you conveniently forgotten that as well? #whenwillyoustoplying #hypocracymuch
Hahaha you’re embarrassing alllllll on your own.
I hope you are making enough cash now to hold you over after this dumpster fire ends. Maybe that intelligent husband will support you when nobody is returning your calls. You have no credibility left. Hell of a price to pay in selling out to serve Trump.
I like watching you being interviewed by anyone other than @foxandfriends because they don't let you lie or avoid questions.
Hypocritical of @KellyannePolls to resist this line of discussion by Dana Bash, when she and the #WhiteHouse, had such a field day with #Republican Andrew McCabe's, #Democratic wife, "getting money from Hillary Clinton"
I’m on Team Dana! Good job!
So why are you embarrassed that your husband has sense and is not into criminal behavior? You know like what they found @ cohen's office.
Seems your boss has a penchant for doing this.  If it is ok for him to go after spouses, you should answer. No you accomplished nothing but your own double standards.
Oh you embarrassed yourself, Kellyanne.
You are the last person in the U.S. to discuss "inappropriate"
I watched it live ... seems to me that Dana struck a nerve.  You and your husband are public figures and have participated in the dirty politics that are rampant now ... not so much fun when it's you is it?  Plus, Dana asked valid questions - you are the one that lost her s%%t.
Always the victim. You immediately made it about gender. Amazing since you were the one to orchestrate using Bill Clinton's infidelity against HRC esp. bringing his accusers to the debate. Your boss going after Mccabe's wife yet you should get preferential treatment?
She was defensive LOL she has talked about other ppls spouses so how funny was she this morning LOL
It’s the same question I had. Why is it a problem if McCabe’s wife is a associated with a different Party and he is somehow partisan, but your husband says things that criticize the administration and you don’t get criticized for what your husband does. Fair question.
This coming from the same person who, on national television 6 days ago, cited Comey's wife and daughters to go after his political leanings...
You got owned on live television. Stop being such a whiney snowflake.
What BS. Kellyanne constantly attacked Hillary Clinton over the indiscretions of Bill Clinton. And now she objects when people ask her about her own husband’s Tweets. Laughable.
Oh so you mean you are embarrassed by the truth and harassed because someone dared to ask you about news on a news program? And @realDonaldTrump gets to use his office to harass people that disagree with him, & pay off women he had illicit affairs with? #weak #cannonfodder
Kellyanne....maybe instead of complaining about FAIR questions on a NEWS show that you volunteered to be on you should have stayed home, and listen to your husband! And please- don’t whine to Cris Cumo about it!!
Everytime you speak it's a lie. I
Was this meant to harass and embarrass?
Something something Bowling Green something...
You lost it and could not keep your cool.  I say, mission accomplished for Dana.
Obviously your husband knows what is going on and you got caught. Trump will not be happy.
So, does your husband like Trump or what?
Bahahahaha so sucks to be you CrankyAnne
You’re the one who harassed Dana. Talked over her and ranted like a loon.



You mentioned gender first I watched the interview. She said to you, this is not about gender. To me you sounding like your boss, a liar and telling half truths in my opinion. You can't fool the ones of us who actually watched the interview & not just believing what you're saying
Just when we think KAC can’t go any lower.  Geez. #trickledowntrumphatred
I don't think if you work for trump you can be anymore embarrassed.  

I mean I could see your husband being always embarrassed, but I don't think you can embarrass the "Queen of #AlternativeFacts "

@realDonaldTrump 
#StateDinner 
#CNN
#StormyDaniels
#GrabThemByThe
YOU LOOK LIKE SKELETOR & THE CRYPTKEEPER HAD A BABY & THAT BABY WAS HIT WITH THE UGLY STICK, THE UGLY TREE, & THE UGLY FOREST.

CALM YOUR HOT BREATH, LYINGASS DOWN & ACCEPT THE FACT THAT YOUR HUSBAND HATES YOUR JOB & THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION. YOU’RE RET4RDED 
@DanaBashCNN has become irrelevant along with @cnn both are jokes
Harrassed and embarrassed? Too bad. Choose to lie you choose the consequences. Kudos to Mika at Morning Joe for saying no more Kellyanne on their show. You loose credibility when you keep giving someone a platform to peddle lies when you know off camera they speak differently.
Wow.  You were appalling on the CNN today. Do you honestly think any woman in America respected you for that tirade?  You are a witch of the 1st order.  Ps.  your hair extensions look like they came from Walmart.
It was not cheap.  It was not irrelevant.  And you should be embarrassed.  You continually lie on tv and no one ever holds you accountable.  You shame our country every day with your lies.
seems your a bit bothered today Kellyanne - stick to fox & friends
KAC calling a professional woman reporter HONEY while answering what was clearly uncomfortable question re her hubby's tweets was damned nasty, disrespectful and out of line.  So to sum up - KAC remains a POS.
Sycophantic sanctimonious shilling at it's finest madame Alternia Fictiona Conway.
I never listen to you and will not watch any program you are on. You are way too full of alternative facts. Yuck.
Not really, you looked like a defensive fool Kellyanne
I can’t stand CNN     Kellyanne  is a wounderfull Lady love her for all good work she doing have great respect for her.!!!!!
These very evil media & Dumercrats , All corruption that is what they are darkness of evil opposing all that is good .!!!!!!!!!!!!
You are pathetic....hope to see you & your boss in court one of these days
You looked like a moron. I guess you are. How’s the marriage?
gawd!!!! we saw it. we saw how you lost it!
You’re a rat.
Your deflection mechanism is getting too predictable KAC. Probably time to shut up and make a difference. Sad you didn’t have “Christopher” @ChrisCuomo to flirt with?
Get over it....what about Trump's attacks on McCabe because of wife being a democrat?
He deleted them because he was terrified of coming home and having to listen to you go off on him like you did Dana . She made it clear you were taking it out of context but you were relentless .This job is going to kill you . Is your health really worth it ?
or chose not to come for someone with accusations on their personal but that would have caused you to take the high road.
Wasaaaaaaa. Poor lil Kelly Anne.  The dog faced Trump attack dog is all upset at a question.  Waaaaaaaaaa. (PS. Bash just asked the question everyone wants to ask, and your clearly terrified of your boss’ reaction.
NOT FALSE!
Kellyanne you’ve never had an honest interview. And it wasn’t a sexist question. It was an honest question which many people have asked. You never answer the hard questions.  You just change the subject.

Cringeworthy.... Like trump, so goes kellyanne. Sad
Looks like America doesn't agree with you, Kellyanne.
Baaahaaa she really got to you
You constantly bring people's spouses into it then when asked a fair question you have a meltdown.. you are a pathetic human being u have no soul cause you sold it kellyanne slept her way to a Career by having affair with fred Thompson.. u get no sympathy or respect from me EVER
I would have said thank you for bringing that up because you just confirmed that Republican women vote for who they feel is the best candidate and not who their husbands tell them to.
No, it was brought up to ask why your husband deleted tweets criticizing Trump. You work for the government & need to get a thicker skin when you work for someone like him.
You are in the Public Spotlight & the Question about Your Husband was Appropriate and Fair!
@KellyannePolls you looked like & are!! SUCH A FOOL!!!
Again kellyann what a disappointment. Going off on Dana bash I thought u had s thicker skin. U looked pathetic and just down right desperate. Not professional at all  u are sad
They should know better than to try to walk all over you or your family. Thank you for touting the Trump agenda.
For the life of me, I don’t understand why you keep posting this. It doesn’t make you look the way you think it does.
Hypocrite! You do a good enough job embarrassing yourself and this is a perfect example! You were looking for a fight...YOU are an embarrassment to this country
...and apparently to your husband!
Mission accomplished:  90% of comments on your own page say YOU behaved cheap & irrelevant #GoDana
@KellyannePolls, how do you sleep at night? (I know, not very well with one always open...)  What is cheap and irrelevant is what stares back at you in the mirror.  The wicked can't hide behind claims of persecution for very long before justice finds them.
It was a simple question. You embarrassed yourself.
Kellyanne, James Carville (D) and spouse, Mary Matalin (R now Libertarian), were often asked questions about their “Odd Couple” marriage. They always responded with humor and dignity. WHAT THE F IS WRONG WITH YOU?
oh for godssake... it was a legit question about your husband’s support—or lack, thereof—for the guy YOU work for. hate to break it to ya, sweetie, but everyone understands that, and only YOU can Actually Choose to be embarrassed by his differing opinion. 
“The lady doth protest too much” , Shakespeare.
You’re immature behavior was on display for all to see. Can’t try talking your way out of this one.
Attacked Cruz’s wife, attacked Bill and Hillary...stop trying to play delicate...it is not cute
Oh GTFO. That whole interview was you trying to pretend you were attacked. What someone’s significant other says, particularly when they work in the White House and their spouse is openly critical of the same WH, is completely legitimate.
You embarrassed yourself with your little temper tantrum! It was a simple questions any reporter would have asked anyone who was in the public eye! Quit trying to make it something more!!
Wow, Kellyanne! You can sure dish it, but  sure can't take it.

You became defensive and unhinged, and vindictive. If you can’t take the heat, then get out of the kitchen. You are a public figure, husbands are not off limits, darling.
Taste of your own medicine. Karma!
Personally, I think you need "bashed" more often.
Seemed fair to me.
@KellyannePolls is the poster child for cheap and irrelevant. Also combative and divisive.
Oh, poor little baby Kewee Ann.
@KellyannePolls she had every right to answer the very public question. The man you sleep with every night disagrees with some of @realDonaldTrump moves. As a journalist, she had an obligation to ask, whether you agree or disagree. She was very professional and non judgmental.
Personal life has nothing to do with professional life!!
Remember when .@SNL portrayed you as “Kellywise the Clown” living in the sewer? Good times.
#NotMyPresident
But it's ok for your boss trump to say things about people's spouses??? Macabes wife, Ryans wife???
Kellyanne lies all of the time, has no true statements in most issues, and will fade into obscurity soon enough. Stop giving her airtime.
You are the queen of brittle hypocrites. Your crocodile tears are no more convincing than your panicked verbal flailing in defense of the worst president in history. #IndictTrump
You mention everyone else’s family but you cry and whine like a little girl when someone does it back to you. Grow up.
Trump To McCabe: "Ask Your Wife How It Feels To Be A Loser.”
I love your husband. Just like you do. He is the one with the sense
1sl, show respect & say Ms. Bash's 1st name right. U interrupted Dana & were hostile to her repeatedly. Forced to 2 b on CNN? Seem 2 have had a chip on your shoulder from the get go. If u can't answer ?'s w/p being rude, quit. Get some conditioner for your fried hair! Sad!!
bwahah "That's simply not true"  As the young people say, yo ass got owned.
YOU’RE cheap and irrelevant Kellyanne. Go stir your cauldron.
I believe you when you say bias against you ins't because of gender. You have to be human to qualify one way or another and you are most certainly not human.
Nonsense. If Mike Pence's wife tweeted critical comments about Trump or his administration...of course he would get asked about it. If there is anyone embarassing you,  it is not Bash but your boss and maybe your husband.
The fact that you’re embarrassed speaks to your character & the character in the office. Otherwise you would’ve intelligently responded letting people know what it’s like to have that dynamic in a household  something not uncommon. Too bad you squandered the opportunity.
You are human garbage
Call off the "witch hunt." I found the witch!
your husband wrote tweets bashing trump - Dana can ask about it.

and speaking of embarrassing... haven't heard you say "Alternative Facts" lately.....

#hypocrite
#AlternativeFacts 
@BowlingGreenMassacre
You held up a raw nerve today for all of America to see w/ your threats to CNN staff. Very Michael cohen...
Are you playing the victim Kellyanne? You went into that interview looking for a fight.
Hey we find your hubby entertaining...we find you INSANE
Yes, because I am sure NO ONE has ever asked James Carville and Mary Matalin that question. Let me ask you something, does it get tiring hanging out on that cross all day?
Last Monday on ABC's "Good Morning America," Conway used fired FBI Director James Comey's disclosure that his wife and daughters supported Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election as a way to target his own political leanings.

Puleeze......Go away. Great job Dana, staying professional while Conway became unglued.
You are the one who has brought the spouses of others under attack for their beliefs or actions constantly...beginning with Bill Clinton and straight to current events. You were the one to cross that Rubicon, yet now you wail 'unfair' when held to the same standard you set. Sad!
It was enjoyable. You were uncomfortable and cornered. That's why you lashed out and did the tick with your eyes.
@KellyannePolls you attempted to make her question something it wasn’t. The result, you made an idiot of yourself.
Kellyanne got a bit confused. Give her a break. She first supported Ted Cruz and at that time did not think Trump was Presidential material. 
The World hopes that it is her husband's DNA is in her children and not hers. Kellyanne is a cucuracha!
As if Kellyanne has never taken a cheap shot! Eat Crow! Yay! @DanaBashCNN
Karma is coming back to you, Kellyanne. How many times have you attacked the spouses of someone You had a problem with? You got burned, just like you've done to many others.
You’re becoming more Trump-Ian by the hour.
You make it glaringly obvious that you lost here and that you know it.
