I think we'd all like to hear Kellyanne Conway's personal opinion on the multiple assault allegations towards Trump next.
Allegations is key word. And give me an honest answer. What ever happened to the Roy Moore allegations? Any charges filed? Anything other than crickets?
Nope!!  Just the left paid these women to come forward with false claims!!  End his career!!  #MeToo if your in love w/ the left!!  If your a conservative women your on your own!!  Sad
False claims? Over 20 women over decades have made accusations. Do you believe that Cosby's or Weinstein are guilty just because they are on the left? Being conservative doesn't make you immune from doing bad things. Look at Sen. Ralph Shortey or Roger Ailes.
claims and accusations Doesn’t Porter thing strike you as odd Obvs should investigate accusations but seems odd there’s no police report if you got a black eye wouldn’t first interview by FBI be ex wife and wouldn’t that be the first thing she’d tell the FBI. If not why??
Perhaps you haven't personally experienced domestic abuse in your life (I hope u haven't & I wouldn't hope it on anyone), but how she handled it & her experience may be out of your wheelhouse & that's okay, but it doesn't need to be scrutinized by you.
I truely believe it's all made up!!  By Hillary and her shills. We have proof of fake dossier now!!  They literally tried to wreck a good man.
A. GOOD. MAN. There's not enough room on Twitter... 
-He refused to rent to black people in the 70's
-Couldn't identify which foot had a bone spur to the draft
-Many have reported that he's undercut or didn't paid them for their work. 
-Violated Immigration Law w/ his models.
Proof
When Puerto Rico was hit with the hurricane he said. Well they’re in the ocean they’re surrounded by water they’re an island. He’s not very bright. He reads at a 4 th grade level. That was just proven. He can’t read any of his own reports if they’re longer than 2 sentences. SAD.
All the mayors praised DT!!  Except one bitter women. Who was being paid by CNN!!  Think about this for a second. Trumps there sitting right across from her. Asking the governor and mayors what they need?  She sat that frowning at him. As soon as he left she started bad mouthing
Don't watch it.. But thanks another leftist talking point!!  Stop getting yours from CNN MSNBC see how that works
Anything is better than Fox or Infowars.
There all liars CNN and MSNBC are the leaders
Yet there you are working for a man who physically, sexually and emotionally abuses women. Your words don’t matter, your actions do.
No he doesn't has never hurt a woman!!  That's the lefts talking point's!!  Not true!!  He loves women and has more women working under him. Then any other president. Plus give her promos!  First women to run a successful campaign. But she's a conservative. So it doesn't count
They do that to you daily.  Too long to read.  You are not on their list of loved ones. Lol

"Trump is a phony, a fraud. His promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump University. He's playing members of the American public for suckers: He gets a free ride to the White House, and all we get is a lousy hat.” …
You are a mess
WOMEN VISITING NEW YORK CITY JAILS DESCRIBE A PATTERN OF INVASIVE, HUMILIATING STRIP SEARCHES

https://capitalparanaense.blogspot.com.br/2017/01/a-living-nightmare-women-visiting-new_22.html …
Are you ashamed of yourself yet Kellyanne? It's such a sad story to explain to your children.
I hope you get the book thrown at you for endorsing #RoyMoore . & there you go talking about Domestic violence #Despicable
Rob Porter was Orrin Hatch’s Chief of Staff.... should already have been vetted... does not reflect DJT or Kelly.
Under Obama's watch huh??
They Sydney Morning Herald: Top US officials tell European foreign policy leaders to ignore President Donald Trump
Abused women are survivors and are strong. The abusers are those that are weak!
If you want to stand up for women how about we prosecute your boss for the 19 allegations of sexual harassment. You are complicit
The Muslims have classes on how to beat your wife and nary a word from the left!  Metoomyass.
Can you provide a link or some proof to substantiate this?
I love  you Kellyanne
Nobody believes you

And you still don't have the professional capabilities!
No your not!!!  And I don't think you will ever be able to so compassion for anyone but yourself! !!!!
Sorry Kellywise, but you obviously support men who commit domestic violence or you wouldn't work for Trump.
Kellyanne, you are a very successful woman, and a conservative.  You have the ear of President Trump, and your worst sin is the fact that you are white.  You are a everything that the left despises, therefore a favored target of MSM.  This is when you know you are winning! 
What
Matthew 6
1 ‘Beware of practising your piety before others in order to be seen by them; for then you have no reward from your Father in heaven.
Maybe because forming a cohesive, TRUE story is beyond your scope
Kellyanne, big fan of your debating skills! Are you a Scientologist? Keep up the good work!
You distort everything you say.
You haven't addressed the elephant in the room. TRUMP! that is why we see through what you say! Why hasn't tRUmp shown compassion for the victims but praises porter???
Because he does not have to! Why did President Trump not mama public statement on my lunch yestetday? Why did he not hold a press conference on the White House front lawn about my burger. Whine whine whine #whocares
Ok there BOT. There goes that trolling to persuade the conversation. The English is pretty bad there. The BOT job might not be for you!
I suppose you are offended by me being an immigrant then. On the other hand I am really awed by your amazing English skills.  By the way- I speak 5 languages -  how about you professor?
Good for you that you can speak 5 languages. Doesnt mean a damn thing to me. And how about me? I'm an American citizen. All you need to know!
Racist
--TO COVER UP THE FISA WARENT COVERAGE-PRESS WANTS TO PROTECT DEMS AND OBAMA-#FAKE CORRUPT NEWS MEDIA BUSY AT WORK
There’s another twitter fake account like yours I just blocked !
 We love you Kellyann !!! So glad you joined the #TrumpTrain when you did !!!!! Congratulations and #Trump2020 !!!!! Follow me back and make my year !!!! God bless !!!!!!
What exactly was your point then, when you said Hope Hicks was too strong, loyal to become an abuse victim?

Don't lie about what you meant either.
Perhaps u can relate because I’m sure u were abused  only explanation for your behaviour. Trash

Trump slips further 25th coming
You are dumber than your boss if that is possible
Lying and covering 4 trump and wh u deserve a good asskicking by a porter. Maybe he can beat up someone in your family.
You are a moron.  Pretty sure..... Yup
#Republicunt

Save yourself a lot of hassle. Just be quiet on virtually every issue.





Smart lady with dignity and passion.
If you are such a supporter of women, why do you not resign and let the world know you made a mistake in backing 45. You know this is going down and you still defend and deflect.
You and Jake have such a CUTE relationship @jaketapper

You are a piece of work. KA.
Why do you support domestic violence?
You are a living distortion.  Revolting cryptkeeper.
you're rambling, honey.
Ah. But Kelly. That's not what trump said.
He defended the male aggressor, he failed to defend the female victim. There was hard evidence.
Do you know the difference between right and wrong?
What he did was wrong

CNN's biased reporting and commentary is ridiculous.  I might not agree with everything @KellyannePolls says, but news sources should not have an agenda, just cover the news for the love of God! @CNN #cnnsucks
You have pivoted on so many issues, your truth sounds like a lie. That is the cost of selling out. Zero credibility. Just noise not responding to the questions asked you.
This situation is sad but has nothing to do with his job his personal life is just that personal. Besides who knows these allegations are real. These women never pressed charges so who is to say someone else did not do this to them and they blame him
How does it feel to know you spread Russian info on the web?
13 Russian nationals indicted for meddling in our elections thanks to Mueller.  At least someone is doing something about it. If we leave it up to Dictator Donald Tyrant Trump and the dysfunctional Whitehouse,  nothing would ever be done.
And so Hope went to work that week and carried on? Most abused women do too, they whip out the foundation to cover their black eyes & go to work. So what’s the point here?
13 women have come forward to speak out against trump’s sexual assaults and abuses. Where is your support for them?

You're a liar and a phoney.  Women like you are a disgrace.  You'll say anything for your corrupt boss.  Let's hope you're in the "reckoning".
I trust no one bypassing the police station, going directly to the media to make allegations or accusations against any Republicans
Skank
You’re just an odd person.
nobody should even listen to you.  Why to distort it even!!!!
You worry about what the media said about you... You should stop lying on camera LIVE.... Lol
Stop trying to spin who you are, your words are clear.
Kellyanne, You are Wonderful! , Respectfully:
 MAGA Baby!!!!
Richard
Lots of explanations from the person that defends admitted sexual predator @realDonaldTrump, who defended Porter.   How does she sleep at night?
I wouldn’t hire you as a dog catcher.  Eat something you anorexic.
Coming from a survivor of abuse, let me tell you that if you’re not concerned for Hope, than you’re either a horrible friend/colleague or past the point of naive. If you’re so keen on stats, read the stats on abuse and educate yourself. #WednesdayWisdom
Frightening.  Wish i could swear.  but thoes stupid f"*#ers. Makes no sense.
Yet you work for a man who has done the same to woman. Hypocrite!
Thank you Mr. President!
Thank you Mr. President for being a sexual assaulter??
Kellyanne, the abusers procure some fake proof of themselves not being present at the time  the incident took place.
No misunderstanding . Heard it directly from you . You need to see a doctor . To many dark circles under your eyes. Too much worry . Too many coverups . It’s taken it’s toll on you.
Tell you're boss
You're an enabler, plain and simple.  Just so you know, people can show up to work every day, look fantastic, have great kids and a strong, vibrant personality and still be abused, honey.
So many look for ways to bring you down but you just keep going. Historically those in an administration defend their president. I don’t blame you for that. I hope you run for President
Whose side are you on?????
Seems either way you put it, you still defend Trump! His personal lawyer acknowledged he paid hush money to keep his “mistress” quiet, proofs he’s cheating on his wife... betcha you still defend him no matter what... finding means and ways to steer this “affair” away from Trump!
You are a strong woman !!! That is why you are constantly attacked by the press.  #MAGA
If you can’t see how you implied that strong women don’t get abused, you are either dumber than you look or a pretty shitty person. Just take responsibility. Just admit you didn’t think it through before you said it.

give us a break.  you are heartless and will defend anyone on anything for $$$
They are not modifying anything. I heard the interview. You initially said you weren’t worried about Hope Hicks because she was strong this implying strong women don’t get abused. Only when Jake Tapper corrected you did you modify your stance. Don’t try to spin thisJust apologize

Why is the news all caught up on the porter issue when we have so much news happening with our troops! Women are taking this to far! I want to follow and know what is happening with my bothers!
Ummm, you dont get to ever criticize anyone ever for misrepresenting any truth. #bowlinggreenmassacre #birtherconspitacistTrump #alternativefacts #spindoctor #mobdaughter #russianagent #manipulator #gaslighter
CNN is not worth losing sleep over.
Spin queen.
Well those Trump assaulted came forward but no one believed them....
yOU a sKANK hO AND A total liar.  Why even read what you say anymore?
You people worry more about what others think than doing the right thing for this country and ALL its people, not just the rich. If you care so much then doing something constructive not destructive.
Defensive much?
And you say Twitter is @POTUS best way to communicate to his base- on this subject his twitter is SILENT!
Funny you don't post your transcripts when you are corned about not enforcing Russian sanctions, undisclosed Russian meetings and Flynn promising to lift sanctions on the inauguration day.  Your reputation proceeds.
They or you the queen of alternative facts
kellyann, you are no better than the liar in chief. how do all you staffers live with such lies and deceit.   You all need to go away, far far away
Here is the White House's biggest problem.  For a group of people who complain to the media about fake news, sure do lie...
@KellyannePolls thank you for all that you do and endure on behalf of the American people.  You are an amazing role model for strong women!
Only thing that the news is trying to do is to distort is your face so that you look less haggard, just worn out by the consistency of being the Dotard clean-up girl all the time; you having to twisty your tongue into untruths and back-back-back pedal when Trump recants and lies.
I am betting it hurts your feelings daily to watch Sarah standing in the lime of the Press Secretary box while you fray in the wind of Trumps snake tongue whipping you around. One question, has he - had you - yet?
Not about you Kellyanne. Save your reputation by your actions. As long as you are aligned with Trump there will be an asterisk next to your name regarding women’s rights and equality.
this whole thing is total BS...marriage is a private matter and, unless it interferes with a persons ability to perform a job, should remain a private matter.
They aren’t distorting it, just focusing on where you equivocated to make excuses for the Administration’s actions. Your acknowledgment that domestic abuse is wrong isn’t news. Your willingness to protect the administration, regardless of what you know is right - that’s news.
Don’t worry the people with brains know what you mean and what’s in your heart. You are a classy and poised intelligent woman. Don’t let the haters get to you!
We know what U said! Cover up for the clowns work for! Hope Hicks will know when she takes one to the chin!
WHATEVER miss conjob!
You want to be successful, ignore the media.
You have defended Trump in spite of the evidence against him. That's all we need to know.
So if you are strong + smart like Hope Hicks, you are immune from being abused? The transcript proves media reported your comments accurately.  How sad for your daughters that you, an influential woman in a powerful position, chose to sell your soul.
Kelly Conway you know if you want to keep your job in the WH you have to agree with h DT or you're out the door. Same with Kelly or anybody else in the WH.This is a man who you said should release his taxes when you were working for Cruz.
#TrumpPaidPornStar
#ConwayComplicit
#ConwayLies
Hope Hicks may appear together for her age, but she dated a married man and has no problem sleeping with coworkers. That doesn't sound very mature or a person who makes wise decisions. Someone needs to remind her that it is all downhill from the Whitehouse, remind you too.
Because the #MSM are all in the @DNC pocket and they carry an air of elitism thinking they are the smartest people in the room
The only thing you feel would be Donald Trump grabbing your$)(;;:;
The LAST thing women need is you speaking for them!!
Don't play their games. The hateful socialists are always setting traps and you guys keep falling into them.
Propaganda
Hahaha back track hag
My children listen up when you are interviewed in the news I watch. You are a good woman! You are a proud mother! Millions of people respect and support you. Count me in!
Yes Kellyanne. The left main stream media, CNN, MSNBC, lies all the time regarding anything Republican. Never positive from them anymore due to their extreme, extreme bias. Sick.
It’s hard to tell what you when you’re always choking on the lies you’re telling for the whitehouse. Like “alternative facts”. Do you remember that Kelley? We do.
More fake news from CNN. It’s a shame but I only watch FOX news whatever happen to honest unbiased reporting.
Sorry, anyone who works for this @realDonaldTrump is....not worth my support.  That includes pretty much all of the @GOP , and i'm no liberal, just a decent human with awareness.
Dear Hillary and Obama I doubt that your decent or have any awareness. If you did you could see thru the democrats and the news media.
Neither Hillary or Obama is in office. Also you need to learn when to use your and you're.
TOOOOOOOO funny -- you have NO respect for all women -- just strong ones??
That’s what you said as heard. What was heard was that women who are assaulted are weak. But regardless, you work in a WH that appears to lie about everything. Knowing Porters past, you all did not fire him and was getting ready to promote him. President is not for victims at all
You walked back your comment after Jake corrected you.. good try though.
Actually I heard what you said and it's very disappointing maybe you're not as strong woman.
No, you are the queen of deception, unconditional supporter of a president who has little ethics, a proven track record of abusing women, and racist behavior in his business dealings as well as in his new political life. Our institutions are at risk. I cannot respect what you do.

Tell your boss.
You distort your own world KAC! Alternative as it is
You distort it by cherry-picking your quotes. What you said about Hope Hicks says all we really need to know about how you feel.
You support the Abuser in Chief, you're a disgraceful enabler!
