Today is National Prescription Drug #TakeBackDay. Visit http://TakeBackDay.dea.gov  to find a safe-disposal site to get rid of your unneeded or expired pills so that your home does not contribute to an overdose, or create or fuel an abuse or addiction problem. 
Please clean out the president’s medicine cabinet while you’re at it.
I hope she starts with her own.
No!  With respect to you, Ma'am: 
This is pure PROPAGANDA, to increase Control by The Government.  
The number of overdoses stated by the Federal CDC is FAKE. 
https://www.painnewsnetwork.org/stories/2018/3/21/cdc-admits-rx-opioid-deaths-significantly-inflated … 
#GroupThink 
#MAGA 
#opioidcrisis 
#TakeBackDay
Let's break this down for everyone (thanks Mexico & PRC, illegally manufacturering./bringing into my Nation: )
1 Unit-30mg Parity:
Morphine Sulfate: Diacetylmorphine (Heroin™) 1:2
MS:Hydromorphone 1:7
MS:Fentanyl 1:80/100
Fentanyl:Carfentanil 1:1K
MS:Carfentanil 1:5k

How can I retweet anything that comes from somebody that thinks their microwave is taking pictures of them ,,,, you're such a bimbo !!!
Give them to Ronny Jackson he will dispose of them for you.
I keep mine because I can't afford more if I need them again.  Can you afford your meds?

Jeez, I hate to contribute to this post,  but notice how many have,  compared to total population.  Wow Kellyanne, you sure have a following,  NOT. .
Yeah... jelly Ann wants you to dump them in her garbage

I would go to prison, before leaving my worst enemies children alone with this freak, or his kin...
Really? If you would, seek counseling!
This witch scares everyone!!


Please ADD  #kellyanneGoAWAY DAY to your calendar!!!
Need to start by taking back all those drugs Ronny gave out so freely.
It was so wonderfully to see all the TRUTHS spoken about @KellyannePolls last night! This horrible woman DESERVED everything said about her! Quite frankly they were too nice!
WITH ALL DUE RESPECT,  CAN U TELL ME WHAT QUALIFICATIONS U HAVE TO COMBAT THE SO CALLED OPIOID CRISIS?  WE NEED SPECIALIZED MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS WHO HAVE YRS OF EXPERIENCE TO BE PART OF THIS! WHAT IS THE TRUE AGENDA HERE? WHAT ABT OUR VETERANS? PAIN=SUICIDE
BILLCOSBYCONVICTEDTRUMPNEXTCANNOTWAIT.....
YOURWHITEHOUSEISFAKEYOURPRESIDENTTOOANDFOXNEWSALSOYOU
Go find that tree 
I hope the safe space isn't Admiral Jackson's office.
Heed your own advise...
Maybe your boss should keep his pills and share them with you...
Who can write prescriptions
Sprinkle them around
Keeping everybody on 
The White House staff supplied
With their choice of ups or downs?
The Candyman can
Oh, The Candyman can
Yes, The Candyman can
#JacksonJunkies
Take back our country from Russian installed administration
Please retweet that #kellyanneconway scares ugly and will be back working corners once #FakePresidentTrump is impeached.
Did you have fun at dinner last night?
Thanks no, I'd rather retweet this !!

How about forked tongue Trumph,,, he’s obviously overdosed,,, Your his lackey,,, substitute with a placebo,,

A Petition to President Donald Trump regarding an international investigation into the April 10, 2010 plane crash in Smolensk http://ruch11listopada.pl/aktualnosci/a-letter-to-president-donald-trump/ … by @Ruch11Listopada

I'll just go to Randy Jackson and get more.
The tranquilizers should be put directly into the nation’s water supply to help us get through the months of this lying, racist, misogynistic, xenophobic, ethically-challenged, homophobic, hypocritical, incompetent administration before November. #BlueWaveComing2018
I keep wondering why she didn’t make fun of the way you look. Haggard, old witch is par for your job, right? I hope everyone stops allowing you to lie by not allowing you on tv. Where is that tree anyway? #conwomen
Please retweet to increase awareness and action today. This is what a lunatic looks like. Don’t be a lunatic.
Maybe when you’re all gone.
Can I take back our democracy too?
I'm sorry I love @realDonaldTrump but in this climate of #opioidhysteria a person would be insane to turn in any un- used medicine!
If they can take pain medication from responsible pain patients & cancer patients & our Veterans 
Who knows what medicine will be next.
Starts at the top!! Parents , Whitehouse Doctor? And @realDonaldTrump Has anyone checked his cabinet? “Sniff Sniff” during debates !
I highly recommend a very informative podcast ref chronic pain by a pain management anesthesiologist M.D. search the podcast “Pain Information” & specifically, listen to the VERY informative episode from April 15, 2018 titled “The Opioid Crisis.....Maybe.”
Get your boss to take back that crass remark about disabled Olympic participants. Start there.
Upping your inventory?
Will the candy man be handing out the extras?
The @michelleisawolf pays tribute to @KellyannePolls!
Enjoy!!
Great to see Kellyanne get her accolades at the Correspondents Dinner. Kellyanne and Chubby Huckabee were the main stars of the show, or at least the butt of the best jokes.
Yes please contribute   We need all the dope we can get to fuel this administration
#ImpeachTrump
I’m sure you have plenty to give. I know if i were you I would need a lot in order to sell my soul to the devil. @realDonaldTrump
You aren't even trying to solve the opioid crisis.
Does Big Pharma know about this?
Too bad we cant take back  45.
Will those that got opioids from the candyman Jackson return them?

Don't be a dealler of mass shootings!!#NRA#Trump#GunLaws 
you should probably lay off whatever it is you’ve been takin ...
You looked gorgeous last night.
Amazing how many children on here making asinine remarks. And they think our President acts childish??
Your ass got OWNED last night!!!!
We also need to make people aware of judicial system of ignoring laws to fit the judge's agenda. I'm sure your boss can confirm. #RemoveJudgeBrodman #MatthewKellyExtremeDUI #Fixthesystem
Ok now how about releasing all those serving time for weed possession
Kellyanne Love the way you hit back at the liberal and Hollywood  left!!!
wassup?
Kellyanne, you were simply BEAUTIFUL last night. I guess you didnt let the clown who dressed you for the inauguration pick out your dress.....
Kellyann Please ignore WHCD jokes We support you You do a wonderful job in a very difficult environment
Why retweet that when you can retweet this
I'VE BEEN TRYING TO CONTACT U FOR 2 MONTHS,  WE NEED TO HAVE BOTH SIDES OF OPIOID CRISIS STORIES HEARD, WHY IGNORE US? WE PUT TRUMP IN THE WHITE HOUSE & NOW WE R COLLATERAL DAMAGE!  OUR PAIN IS REAL, OUR DOCS R BEING THREATENED,  PLEASE HEAR OUR CRIES 4 HELP!  #OPIOIDHYSTERIA
WHAT A JOKE, THE TRUE CULPRIT KILLING PPL IS HEROIN & FENTANYL,  TRUMP ADMIN. WILL BE BLAMED & LEGACY TARNISHED UNLESS U START LISTENING TO LEGIT PAIN PATIENTS CONTEMPLATING SUICIDE BC OF THIS RIDICULOUS FALSE WAR ON RX OPIOIDS!  HELP US!
Mail it back to the crooks in the pharmaceutical industrial complex.
Nice copy and paste!  As usual you have no clue what you're speaking of!  You are so full of crap it's an incredible feat that you can actually walk.
we all need to take drugs to get through this corrupt administration and clowns like you all apart of the big circus we are witnessing

FAKERANDLIAR
Fake news.
PLEASE HELP!!!
Home owners are being thrown into the streets and there homes stolen from them by Selene finance. Please help me  John luna516-322-3422
You sure are ugly on TV!
So glad you found a way to solve the opiate crisis....retweeting
FAKEEXCELENTLIARSINTHEHOUSE2020DEMSWINCOUNTONIT
I know you have an endless supply after being roasted. You will need an extra supply!
We will do that right after u & president humpty dumpty take back all the nasty things u2 have said
Who took back the meds that Captain Orange takes on a daily basis that allows him to go off the rails like a 90 year old insane uncle.
Listen to your husband. This monster is not worth dying for.
You are a joke @KellyannePolls. This is such a cheap way to make yourself look good.
I’ll turn mine in if you promise to take them 

Yeah. This is really going to take of the problem. When will you begin with the source? The big pharmaceutical companies.
Is tRumpy turning his in?
Don’t forget #GreenBowlMassacre Remembrance Day.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bowling_Green_massacre … get your t-shirt
You looked smokin hot last night in that white number, keep on keeping on. We love you!
Will adm. Jackson be turning his in today.
“You guys have got to stop putting Kellyanne on your shows. All she does is lie. If you don’t give her a platform, she has nowhere to lie. It’s like that old saying, if a tree falls in the woods how do we get Kellyanne under that tree? I’m not suggesting she gets hurt. Just stuck
Government funding has created big Pharma ,time for the government to step in and make sure that this does not continue to many of our children are dying.
Sideshow Bob performed at the #WHCD
Maybe Dr. Jackson should be your front man.
She does not have the moral authority, “christopppppher”. Stop trying so hard to validate her. #Enough
With Ronnie Jackson not around did you really think people would just hand you theres?
Exo
#NRAWHORE 
#NRABITCH
Sure did love the Correspondents dinner last night and your expressions. Truth hurts doesn’t it?
Did your husband retweet?  Or is he too busy deleting  the child rapist Trump's text?  Lol I got the depositions when Trumpo  got charges!  Maybe Time mag, Washington Post or a reporter will like the copies of depositions! president  child rapist has a wondering pecker!
Feeling like Megyn Kelly after trump debate? Good.
Are you kidding? Narcotics are the only thing getting us through this farce called a presidency! #hurryupmueller , get @realDonaldTrump OUT of our White House
If and when Trump said shithole places he of course meant California! Take it back soon California. It may already be to late. Liberal example of white  privilege, being able to shoot up, defecate, urinate, and ruin a city.
your continuing friendship with this trump trollop is bordering on pathetic. No amount of pretend good work from conway wipes away the fact that she is complicit in supporting a vulgar snake oil salesman.Cults send out their underlings to hook for jesus too.
This has been going on for years.  It's odd how your administration acts as it was your doing. This is a harm reduction activity.
We’ll leave the pill pushing to the president’s doctor.
Hahahahahahahahahahaha @KellyannePolls thanks for the laugh! How adorable. Back to the sewer you go
Why this over-prescription? For what?Who's getting benefitted from poor people hard earned money?Drug companies? Doctors?Find answers, please.

Role playing again Kellyanne? It's okay to be honest with yourself and say that there are much more qualified people than yourself to deal with the opiod problem. Step aside and do what you do best... you know... BS on television for clout.





That’s a good thing!
What she's really asking is. Help me stock up on drugs! Ronnie's been caught!
Tonight was harsh, but this is a situation you helped create. You lie and folks are pissed  I miss kindnesses and truth 
You mean taking back concealed weapons from the gun nuts? I agree.
#trumpretards.com
Kellyanne did you take back yours yet or don’t they take back some of your meds.
Just give all your old drugs to trump’s VA pick Ronny Jackson   How does trump pick his cabinet?? Unbelievable Shouldn’t Jackson lose his medical license for all his indiscretions? Or is that too judgmental?? HaHa
Kelyanne, This is a good cause and should have been more "advertised' to the public!
Somebody call the veterinarian! We have a horse that needs some pain killers!
Lying GHOUL #Traitor #EvaBraun #PaidLiar #FakeChristian
Perhaps start with Admiral Jackson. He should give back his sleeping pills he’s distributing.
Take back the day from trump and WH. Sign the majority up for that. What is the WH doing for opioids as they seem to have a Dr that hands them out like candy. Thought you were fighting this Kellyanne?  Appears you work in a place that uses them often.
First useful thing I've seen you do or heard you say in 2 years.   It's a start.  Thank you.
You have sold your soul.
Please send your (squeeeak!) leftover prescription drugs to:

US Government Rx Takeback
c/o Rear Adm. Ronald Jackson
The White House
1600 Pennsylvania Ave. 
Washington, DC 02509

literally @MichaelAvenatti is everywhere and his trolling is perfect 

Now where did the candy man put those 500 percocets?

Your in the 15% of happy. It's your Botox! Not real.
1. Tweeting is not the democratization of information. It is your boss's one-way propaganda machine. it's not like he ever answers back. He doesn't like to be questioned. 2. he is nothing but a baby little snowflake who can't take a joke.
Good God you know you got a truckload of stuff you should be taken back clean out the garage too
Want to reduce stigma and save lives? Impeach
You and so called potus are pathetic human beings.  Not quite sure about the human part thou.
How many pills has Dr. Ronny slipped you?
Why you all don’t care about African-American or lgbt or women or workers

Here’s the most common disposal site
When are you bringing yours back. And the Free drugs at the WH.
Stop pretending to care.
But keep your guns
What opioids are you on Skanky Kelly ?

OK...you go first!
This is a worthy cause, Kellyanne.  Thank you.    #MAGA
Starting with White House staff? Lead the way, lol.
I wish u and the President would quit picking who's lives matter and which ones don't. No one can take u seriously about the death of a person who choses to do drugs and od. And say nothing about the millions of babies killed by doctors and nurses.
This tweet was unavailable who ever is controlling free speech!
Dipshit

Thanks kellyann
I am a clean slate of medical mistakes. Coma life support THEN I broke my tib/ fib. Sep Bady put 19 screws in my leg, Healthcare partners of Nevada put me in a rest home. All fraud. Cannabis saved my life. Tell Jeff, hot stuff.
I will be shocked if even 100 people do this nationwide
Kellyanne, you gonna return the meth?
Do I have to turn in my multi-vitamins?
Your boss can reduce stigma by not referring to people as drunken, drugged up losers. Practice what you preach.

Is this absurd take back day for idiots and those whose basic common sense has long been challenged?
