What do they think about Marijuana to help Opiate withdrawal?
It's tricky to profit from b/c the banking system won't buy in with current federal laws.
Great point.
I don't blame people for doing things for money. Cash can be just as intoxicating, addicting & destructive as any drug. If marijuana really could make prove question their morals, money can make people slaughter them (the morals).
I can't even blame good people who ignore the wrongs perpetuated on others - the media-lobby-political complex works hard to keep people sure of things that just aren't so. Everyone in that complex is under the influence of money.
I have 3 family members dependent on opioids for years and in the last 3 months have had same prescribing doctors cut them off. Marijuana saves lives
Were they cut of for positive THC tests or cut off for other reasons?

Either way, it is difficult to watch someone go through being cut off opioids. People should say no to opioids not b/c of fear of the drug, but b/c of fear of what happens if a doctor cuts them off!
Recent laws prohibit MD from prescribing opiates for chronic pain. To comply Current patients are getting cut off with 30 day notice.
My husband & I dont share political views. If someone asks me about that I dont flip out. Wtf is wrong with you flipping out over a simple question about political differences? You seriously have issues
when do your alternative facts start about this issue
Ms. Conway, YOU “ Humbled “? Now that is funny!!! ROTFLMAO
You are doing a magnificent job Kellyanne! Keep up the good work for we the people! God Bless you!

Oh, were they looking for a soulless liar?  You definitely fit that bill, Kelly.  #SoullessShill

Can you share the #OpiodPlan
Spelled correctly...it is Opioid
Now if there is one person in the world that should be at a summit for serious drugs, it's none other than Kellyanne Conartist.  Lord take the Prndl now!!

Add sarcasm and stir.   #epicFail
When the President speaks he uses his right hand too much , he should be coached to use less hand gestures during speeches and debates. @seanhannity @FoxFriendsFirst @FoxFriendsFirst @HeatherChilders
QUEEN LEAKER.
Love you Kellyanne!

Prime example of hysterical, irrational, brainwashed lib deceived by CORRUPT DEMS & Biased Fake News, endoctrinated with Hate Trump Lies into the Hate Trump Cult being played by the swamp. Good luck, I hope you get deprogrammed someday.#Trump2020 PS, I don't respond to wacko libs
Salut
Love you mam
Get used to being humbled. Won't be long now.
Why don’t you guys join the fight against Vlad Putin  He gassed about 50 people to death this weekend #legacy
Tell Trump #pardonassange he's been disconnected which means no longer able to help us in exposing the truth next election at stake
Go away KAC
You don't know the meaning of "humbled"!  All you know are lies, "alternative facts", cruelty and corruption!  #Hypocrites

Let us not forget the licensed drug pusher, the Pharmaceutical Industry through their AMA dispensaries. Legislate end to drug advertising Targeting consumers & let professional AMA make the decision if a patients diagnosis requires such drugs. Prescription drugs new corner pusher
#stormy daniels !
have you violated the Hatch Act lately?
Skank. Sewer roach.
First she should get dry
Another summit, another waist of time and resources. When are going to genetically engineered poppy seeds plantations in Afghanistan and definitely destroy the source of evil?
You are never humble - it is in conflict with ethics. @WhiteHouse lives and breathes Racist @POTUS lies and chaos. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP Huckabilly @PressSec @CNN @MSNBC @nytimes
@KellyannePolls Hey!...Good Morning and Happy Monday! Hope you had a nice weekend. Your doing an "Awesome" job on the @realDonaldTrump @flotus @WhiteHouse team fighting the #OpioidCrisis Keep up the good work and have a great day...God bless!

#MakeAmericaSafeAgain

you're thinking of the FBI
I don’t believe you were humbled
ThankU very much Miss kellyane ( including former speaker newt Gingrich ) for leading&advocating very important issue about the opioid epidemic!Please oversee details about the NYC ‘s outpatient methadone clinics ..your role is crucial to especially amongst those suffering .S.O.S
HUMBLE?  KELLYANNE CONJOB HUMBLE?  SMH - GET YOUR HEAD OUT OF YOUR ASS!!!
So you talked about the border wall?
You should be humble. You have virtually nothing to be proud of.
#NotMyPresident 
#Idiot
IYO
I bet.
deplorable
Do a great job!

Liar.  Ask Trump to release his taxes, more important than anything spewing from y'all.
pays as little as possible

Please don't help...
Unqualified.

It is nice to see partisan politics put aside for this epidemic.  Would it be too much to ask if everyone could work on other issues the same way?
What a joke
Skelly Scam Conjob humbled? Haha

Did she actually say this lol
She did.  Less than a year before becoming his campaign manager. :)
Oh crap, like we all need another "WHITE PRIVILEGED CHRISTIAN" talking to us... we ALL KNOW she is in Co'hoots with the "JEWS"... OH wait, can someone please explain to me how the NAZI's infiltrated the democratic party!  Oh that's right, @BarackObama (THE DELUSIONAL) - I forgot!
oh by the way Barack, how is your wife doing?  Oh that's right she is the "GOOD" Parent as she FORCE FEEDS CARROTS down your children's  throats!  "NO MOMMY PLEASE, STOP", says young ones,  "EAT IT YOUNG BITCHES, I AM THE 'GOOD' PARENT!"  says Michelle!
The fight? Always division, hate and other negativity out of this administration and the GOP.
How about joining America’s fight against the ignorance and racism your boss idolizes.
This is indeed a worthy cause but you guys lie so much in this administration, I don’t know whether to feel reassured or wonder if you’re just on stage in a room with a guy and a lectern....

More like fumbled.

Scientists estimate that 86% of all land creatures and 91% of sea creatures remain undiscovered. I think you can find them in Washington DC.
People please be kind to her. She's recovering from Bowling Green Massacre tragedy
Are you sure you know what you’re doing?
Are you shopping at Skankz r Us?

You're a gross person.
LOL @KellyannePolls 'humbled'... Like Charles Manson was just 'misunderstood' 

A fight we must win.
How would you know?
I read your ignorant posts on Bataan.
So you think more kids today know about the Bataan Death March? Riiiiight.
Are those "alternative facts" again?? #liar #alternativefacts
When are you resigning sis
