If the Eagles has lost I was looking forward to your explanation of how Hillary would have been at fault
@KellyannePolls doesn't have any LOSING to explain. Perhaps you could ask  HRC? WAY more experience.
Kellyanne big part of Ted Cruz campaign...Ted Cruz didn’t win...pretty sure the opposite of winning is called losing no? I know ur camp struggles w/truth & Facts so just 
Ted dropped out. @KellyannePolls went on to become the first female campaign director to win the Presidency for her candidate. Try again, Skippy.
Dropped out.. I’m confused because 2 me that doesn’t sound like winning. There’s NO grey area between winning & losing, UNLESS u live in the world of Alternative Facts. Based on that logic the Patriots didn’t lose last night,they just dropped out at the end, LMFAO! #FactsMatter
I'm so sorry you were confused. 
Dropped out= The primary results have indicated the voters prefer another candidate. 
Lost= Despite rigging the primary, cheating on the debates, bankrupting the DNC and possibly committing crimes, candidate lost electoral vote by a landslide.
Lol, my bad, so when u enter a competition (primary) but fail to achieve your goal (nomination) in your world this is not losing? I guess I’m used to the old fashioned way of thinking, achieve your goal=Win, not achieving your goal=lose. So did Cruz get the nomination....????
No, HE listened to the will of the voters and acquiesced. 
YOUR candidate blamed every other possible excuse for her staggering loss. 
Sir, you're beating your own dead nag. 
Who's your President?
Actually Kellyanne the team with the lowest score wins...this is what we call...”Alternative Facts”

Good analogy, DT seems to have trouble realizing he’s NOT an Emperor. Maybe u ppl that speak Trump can help him wrap his juvenile/insecure mind around that...and given that they’re both shameless/detestable human beings I am comfortable hating them both #MuellerTime 
Newsflash you are not wanted in Philly...BTW you are looking like an an old hag lately..
Cause they didn’t Kneel ! #maga

I wonder if this triggers (former Christian) leftists?
Or this? 
Blue hair.
I like you.  But not the best fans ever.
Amazing game!!!  So happy for the Eagles!!!!!!!  Although I am a true blue Dallas Cowboys fan, I was rooting for the Eagles over the obnoxious, over rated Patriots.  Congrats Philley!!!!!!!!!!
Please crawl back up trumps ass. Thanks.
Go away
Stay away from my city...
U work for ABUSERS, SEXUAL PREDATORS, AND PEDOPHILES, AND NAZIS, NO ONE CARES WHAT U THINK.
We love Our Eagles! But u lost all CREDIBILITY long ago when u sold your soul to the Devil- Trump. So go hide under trumps whatever.
Congratulations!! (On still having a job.)
They trashed the city! They are NOT the best fans ever. But then you think 45 is the best president ever, so there's that!!
You should see the city. It is unrecognizable. At least one in every three cars is overturned. Buildings are still smoldering. Some have collapsed. There are dead bodies everywhere. #FlyEaglesFly
Fans were not so nice. Why do vandalism?
How do you sleep at night?
Shut it, the country is trying to be happy.
Are you sure? Don't you want to spin this somehow and try to tell us that the score is wrong and the Patriots won...even though, we can clearly see it, with our own eyes...#KellyAnneConJob
Settle down Bevis.
You’re a kunt
I see your NFL boycott didn’t take.
What if this was Claudia. Would you wait for due process?
Except for you.
Go away Kellyanne, no one wants to hear from you
Congrats Kellyanne your a winner all the way around. #AmericaLovesYa
You won't be seeing them at the white house cause some of the players aren't a fan of your President! Just saying
#NFL is not real its SCRIPTED now ! its FAKE as Wrestling ! its as stupid as NASCAR !
are you going to lie for Trump
Didn’t they riot?
Our you out of your mind? while happy to see Eagles beat New England, Every other NFL city knows Philly has the worst behaved fans. By a huge margin.
So rioting is Ok as long as you're white?
Yep. You just ruined the whole game.
You are so bitter. It’s sad. #eagleswon and #MAGA 
Ahh. Misses Skeletor is that you? So what you pop on about 2 times a week RT yourself or some other MAGAt spew. Get a clue jagoff
Except for you. We don’t care for traitors in Philly.
@KellyannePolls Eagles fans don't want anything to do with you. Go back to ruining the country. You're not wanted in Philly.
#TakeTheKnee
Funny, no word on the riots after @KellyannePolls ? But if this happened in Camden or Compton, lord have mercy!
So are you an Eagles Fan ?  Glad your eagles won ....Go Raiders ...hehehehe 
Too bad they aren't going to visit.
The fans are LITERALLY the worst part of that win. Congrats to the @Eagles though

The best fans. Very nice people.

JUST IN: Philadelphia Police Release Video of Mob Destroying Convenience Store Following Super Bowl 
Uhhhh, you get no one wants your congratulations-- NO ONE
You’re wrong again kellyanne but you and dah boss are use too that!
Everyone gets a piece of this since #CadetBoneSpurs can’t be faithful
@KellyannePolls  I would be honored if you would pick me to take the place of any Eagles player that does not want to visit the WH.  I am a Veteran from Philadelphia and would love to visit and possibly meet our great President. Thank you
Your kind of classless people, to be sure.
Both teams should have no regrets. They all gave us some of the greatest football ever. They all have everything to be proud of and gave the game respect.
Paul Romaine
While you were watching a football game how many opioid overdoses were there? What are you doing?
Hey Kellyanne if you’re looking for some fine military to invite to the Whitehouse in place of any player - I have a good man and proud suppporter of president Trump who would be honored to attend.... congrats @Eagles!!
Worst fans ever
Best fans ever? Mayor had to apologize for their violence against Viking fans, & now they riot in Philly.  Must be alternative facts again.
Another best fan.
Ma’am, I’m a United
States Army veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan and I was born and raised in Philadelphia. I’d love to take the place of any of the Eagles that don’t want to go to the White House. It would be an honor to meet the President.
Best fans ever!!! Destroyed the city of Philly! No cops, no military force, watch it all burn down because its all about the shade of color. #phillyonfire #lowdowndirtyshame
Look at you trying to fit in... how cute
I wasn’t born in 1960 but I’m sure it was a great game like this Super Bowl
Kellyann Fred ward.    Did you get the letter I sent for the president
I know you’re a big @MichaelVick fan too. We all know you have a puppy coat hidden away. You are a fundamentally loathsome human being, and it will be my sincere pleasure to sit with a drink in my hand and watch karma when it skull fucks you...<clink clink>
Weren’t they the people behind the Bowling Green Massacre though?
Except when they looted their city.#loserfans
Police said: "A male in Eagles jersey on a Quad 4 Wheeler ran over a trooper at 3400 Block of Ryan.”

"They just flipped a car at the Bellvue Hotel! Need rapid response.

"They're climbing the gates at city hall.”
Except for trashin their own city..but ya.
Kellyanne, sorry but the Green Bay Packers have the best fans! Just saying 
Wait!!!  Your boss and you have been defaming the NFL for weeks.  Non you post this.
Was a great game so happy the Eagles won
Not sure I understand how you boycott yet promote unless you’re a hypocrite
"Best fans ever." Not exactly.
The greatest fans in all of sports are Yankees fans. No fan base comes close. 
Shut up Crypt Keeper...
Did you happen to see what happened in the streets? A bunch of thugs.....
Go away KellyAnne
Winner of the racist bowl.
Your fans rioted and destroyed property. Not a fan of your fans.
Except for you
At least Patriot Fans didn’t torch cars , destroy personal property or act like complete Idiots , remember this fun fact, after 10 SuperBowls patriot fans are 50% happier than Eagle fans.

Shut up! You're excitement is too much to handle!
Are you talking abt the same fans (some) that started looting?
They showed you this on foxnews?
And you’re still stupid
You’re not wrong. This time.
Don’t expect them at the White House, sweetie.
Crawl back under your rock
Best fans ever who destroy property to celebrate.
Best fans ever?! A bunch of these lunatics went and trashed the city. What is even the point of doing that?
President Trump should launch a total investigation of the New England Patriots.  They may be the worst, most criminal, crooked & corrupt thing out of Boston since Whitey Bulger.

Correction: 1960
Illmannered though
Oh but your president said the patriots were the ‘winners’?
Congrats!! on a well deserved win Kellyanne.
So what do they do?   TRASH THEIR TOWN!  LOL
Something you will never experience
Best fans ever? Kind a like when they threw beer bottles at Vikings fans During the NFC championship game! I love your politics but hate your team And their fans!  Assaulting fellow Americans Over a game? Seems rather silly to me
This is 1 thing we can agree on, Go EAGLESNATION..
The only time I will ever be in agreement with Kellyanne Con-job
Finally Kellyanne comments on something within her competence.
Surely you're not talking about the fans that started destroying and looting their own city BECAUSE THEY WON.
The fans are shitholes.
Congrats!  I’m a Pats fan, but that was a helluva game.
Really. The best. Patriots fans suck. The worst. Low-energy. Sad!
Love ya Kellyanne Smart, Sassy and Classy!  MAGA!

Best fans ever??? They’ve booed Santa Claus and pelted him with snowballs for crying out loud. LOL
@realdonaldtrump thanks for messing up the Obama boom!  Today saw the  biggest point drop in the dow in history.  Thanks #fakepresident you  really screwed things up this time.
Great win but the fans are destructive and unruly Kellyanne! I lived in Philly for 40 years and couldn’t wait to get out of that trashy city! Take a look at the destruction downtown! Despicable!
eagles fans are not fans of you
Best fans destroying their city?
Apart from all the vandalism, looting and general destruction.  Other than that they're the best.
Fly Eagles Fly
That’s an alternative fact and you know it! Shouldn’t you be conferring with your lawyers trying to make a plea deal for the upcoming Russian indictments?
HA HA HA AS IF YOU WERN'T DESPISED OR DISGUSTING ENOUGH...YOU AND THE DEPLORABLE EAGLES FANS DESERVE EACH OTHER!!!! WITH YOUR POLE EXPERIENCE IT MAKES SENSE!!!! YOUR SLIME ALLOWED YOU TO SLIDE THE POLES WITHOUT THE CRISCO!!! #deplorablefans #deplorableteam
Right they are violent drinkers!  Your kind of fan?
@OldTakesExposed
You mean the most violent.
I have lived long enough to see it happen. Now if the New York Jets can just do the same I would really be happy.
So, will Trump take credit for that too?!
Don't forget 1960. First super bowl victory, but 2nd championship.
Philly fans are poor sports They treated MN fans horribly in Philly I am happy for the team They played an awesome game and are straight up
#NotMyChamps
I guess I missed the memo the boycott was over!!
Great they won!
Thanks for bringing us all down. Was a special victory until you flew in on your broomstick.
Except the ones rioting in the streets. Just sayin'
Yep, they're the greatest
Really?? Crazy!! How do you know it’s not fake news? Ah, you must have seen it on @FoxNews.
Rioters, thieves, and arsonists last night - not good Kellyanne.
They started fires flipped over cars and Destroyed  buildings lol
Are you going to say this when some of the players refuse to visit the White House?
Come on KC! Best fans ever? They’re tearing up the city and eating horse manure:
Weren’t you boycotting? #anotherlie
Do you mean the ones that are rioting?
Except for those fools setting things on fire .  Don’t know what gets into some people!  Fly Eagles  !
YA FEELS GUUD!!! JUS LIKE THU AMERICAN PEOPLE RITE NOW!!! AMERICA IS COMING BACK!!! THX PRES. TRUMP AND UR ADMINISTRATION! !! U R MAGA!! GUUD JOB KELLY ANN!! TRUE AMERICAN PATRIOTS ARE BEHIND YALL!!! 100%!!! GOD BLESS YALL AND GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!!
Congrats! Except for all of the fans who looted, destroyed property, and made a huge mess for others to clean up! Other than those.
Get the football players to stand for the NATIONAL ANTHEM.
Best fans don’t destroy the city after a win!
You mean worse most obnoxious fans ever Kellyanne? Normally I am w you, but not on this 1
Need a pro sports team called the weasels as in remember as you aspire to soar with the eagles weasels randomly get sucked into jet engines
#facts not fake news !
No way.
I thought we hated the nfl? Can you make up your mind?
Maxine WALTERS- more animal than human
As Philly girls of the same age we have now seen in our lifetime the Phillies, Flyers, Sixers, and now our Eagles win championships. Only to be surpassed now by our greatest “winning” of all, AMERICA!!  Fly Eagles Fly!   Bring that trophy home to Broad Street!!
I love that he thanked Our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
Keep your 2 cents in your dirty purse Kelly
Go scare some crows ,there’s a garden in Russia that needs you
After seeing what they did to their own city, you call that "best fans ever"???
You have great Karma KellyAnn, All in your path are Winning! Congrats to YOU & your team the Eagles 
Boycotts not in effect now?
Best fans?!  Are you kidding they cheered when Michael Irvin was knocked out on the field. Then again you’ll suck anybody’s balls just to get a message out.
Ain't you supposed to be boycotting the NFL #swampwitch?
Not really.  Some are destroying Philadelphia by looting etc.  Sad display and takes away from win.
Been waiting 50 years for last night!!!! Finally!!!!
Yeah. Right. Things that should never be used in a statement together: philly and best fans ever.
Not according to the people in Philly whose cars and business were destroyed. Any excuse to destroy.
Who cares. Nfl are anti Americans.
I didn’t know looting, burning and turning over cars constitutes being called good fans 
Kellyanne you must have tweeted that before the fires and looting started
Best fans ever??? Well I guess so. I was in downtown Minneapolis and the Mall of America and no one chucked a full can of beer, D batteries at me, or called me every name in the book. Yah great fans.
@trumps_feed @Eagles @SuperBowl Wait. You mean the fans who still support NFL & didn't take part in the boycott? Hypocrite
Yep, "best fans ever". Tell that to the owners of the burning cars and stores being looted. Philadelphia and "best fans ever" are words that should never be uttered prior or post SB victory. 
Wow.  You WOULD think so.  Ever been to Philadelphia?  Nastiest bunch of violent, insolent people to ever set foot in a stadium.  As a long-time neighbor of this city (NJ), I know for a fact that the vast majority of their fans don't come close to deserving such a strong team.
