Paging @KellyannePolls: A woman can be strong, loyal and smart, and still end up looking like this photo —  https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/rob-porter-is-my-ex-husband-heres-what-you-should-know-about-abuse/2018/02/12/3c7edcb8-1033-11e8-9065-e55346f6de81_story.html …
You should be tired of tap dancing for this president.
You mean like, "Obama wasn't born in America?"
Then why did your supreme leader go on a crusade to prove he was not born in America? if that's the case, you don't know where anyone was born but your lil buddy sure did make a big deal out of it..
Because you brought up hating and lies. Got it?
Children get abused too .. But you forget that when you really needed a #RoyMoore vote . Remember ? History will
Women Lie. Men Lie. Trump Lies.
Care to comment on the multiple sexual assaults by @realDonaldTrump ? How about the stories that he raped Ivana or the 13-yr old girl?
When will human trafficking be added to the war on terrorism?
You support and work for a slimeball. 
Don't pretend that you value women's issues when you stand by a man who can't denounce domestic violence without being forced to do so. 

You're only kept in the Trump orbit because you lie your ass off for him.


After a year ?
Yeah. You yourself are  abusing a strong woman, Kirsten Gillibrand. You malign her, accusing her of publicly defending  Pres Clinton while he was in office..  not true.  A lie.  But it is true if you.  You publicly defend a lying sitting president every single day.
Jake wants you
I see ur trying to "humanize" yourself Kellyanne. Mueller's given you a 'get your affairs in order' heads up by naming ur contributions to Russian interference in election bcuz ur a mother with kids Make no mistake, mentioning you means he's has proof of crimes against you
Yes, the stigma is enforced by your @POTUS . YOU cover for him all the time. YOU are complicit not empathetic to these women's struggle. It may not begin with your silence and cover-up but you make it stronger, worse and "normalize" it.
Check out jobs at McDonalds. You can be in charge of French Fries when the Trump White House implodes!
Angry that you would go against victims of abuse to protect the idiotic of a president.
You're a #fuckingmoron. I hope you never get another job after the 4 years of Trump if he even last that long. #Muller #Impeach
No kidding Kellyanne,you have made a hobby of abusing HRC every chance you get. Women all over the country hate you for that.
You are the crypt keeper.

hey puppy I'm going to invoke a line you use often (just to make fun of you) ‘You’re really big,’ ‘That’s really small.’”  LOL
Don't stay silent. Don't let serial sexual harasser Donald Trump silent you with threats of lawsuits. Don't stay silent while Trump is enabling and definding wife beaters and sexual harrassers over their victims
Dude. Your boss walked in on teen girls backstage at a pageant while they were dressing... and bragged about it. You can’t say anything that doesn’t ring completely hollow.
Many "ppl" get abused ladies. Who do I get to DESTROY due to my dead dad 
FUCKING UP my life? No one, that's who!  #MarijuanaDoesntAbuse
Omg so sad, these kids don’t have a chance.
Trump abuses and you support him, that makes you a scank
Said link.
Trying 2 reason w/ #Tapper & his audience pointless! Don't waste energy on responding 2 nonsensical, purposeful, twisted, rhetoric. Same old people/media playing same games. Your intent, known to be for greater good/respect for all. #Tapper & media bias #MSM #CNN known 2 twist.
You are a disgrace to this nation and to all women around the world.
Why don't you agree with me the reason you're safe is because they're leaving the stupid ones alone
But you seem to be pretty safe they must be leaving the dumb ones alone
Spill the tea Stormy Daniels cause we know KellyAnne is a LIAR!!!!
Why are there no TRIALS of individuals acused of a crime ? Are victims AFRAID to tell heir story in a court of law , while being UNAFRAID to tell their story years later . CRIMES should be reported immediately,  not years later 2 the media who's scales of justice R questionable !
Funny you don't post your transcripts when you are corned about not enforcing Russian sanctions, undisclosed Russian meetings and Flynn promising to lift sanctions on the inauguration day.
You ladies who are being so critical of Kellyanne, do you demand respect!
There are women who bring out good in a man! Then there are women who bring out the bad! It's called respect! If a man respect you, he knows the boundaries! They will try to live up to your expectations! Demand respect!
Only thing that the news is trying to do is to distort is your face so that you look less haggard, just worn out by the consistency of being the Dotard clean-up girl all the time; you having to twisty your tongue into untruths and back-back-back pedal when Trump recants and lies.
I am betting it hurts your feelings daily to watch Sarah standing in the lime of the Press Secretary box while you fray in the wind of Trumps snake tongue whipping you around. One question, has he - had you - yet?
Aren't you getting tired of the daily fire drills to cover for your boss's foolish statements?

You are a strong person to be able to tap dance this long,  every day.
Nothing like talking out both sides of your mouth. You have no credibility.
Men get abused by women all the time what about  #Mentoo?
Alternative facts. Own what you said. You, yet again, are on the wrong side of history
I feel like an abused woman just having to listen to you cover up the crazy in the White House
Hoping your ignorance on the topic of abuse is due to your lack of experience. I think you owe abused individuals an apology
If you are Hope Hick's friend, you would be concerned,
Keep on making America great again Kellyanne!!
And yet you still LIE for a serial abuser and liar. Nobody believes you anyway. What a joke.
I remember hearing mothers telling their daughters it was because they like you. WRONG!! My mother taught me you never hit women.
You did set it up badly. When he asked if you were worried about Hope Hicks (and btw, you folks need to call her everyday to check on her), you jumped in with she’s strong....  Didn’t sound good, but you did bounce back. Seriously, though, please call her now.
Don’t be STUPID KELLYANNE
Abuse
I swear; we have two females in such important roles in the White House and they both lack intelligence, common sense, and empathy. FYI. The strongest people are most likely to suffer violence and bully.
All those that would abuse a woman is not a MAN but a beast . God Bless all women ,
They’re not only fake news, they are hate news and news twisters. Many don’t think before they speak, they just want a story.  #hatenews
islam abuses women....women considered 1/2 value of a man....
Quran 4:34 - woman-beating verse. allah tells men to beat their disobedient wives after first warning them and then sending them to sleep in separate beds.
Kellyanne faithfully supports Trump’s actions. Another woman in our White House who won’t stand up to Trump’s Boy’s Club.
Strange,it was almost like the FBI had that waiting in reserve
Here are some stats for you Con-me!
You're troubling
You are so triggered, it’s soothing.
You're a strong woman @KellyannePolls I'm sure you agree. Every day your boss is forcing you to do & say things not normal for you. That is the very definition of abuse. You are an abused woman.
Strong men get abused, too. 

All the time.
Why didn't she speak up when it was happening?  Why now?  At very least she should have spoken up when she left him. Timing makes it hard to believe.
She did. One got a restraining order and she told everything but it's just now coming out due to the WH coverup.
White House,  at least this one, does not cover-up things. You're thinking of Obama's White House.
You need to learn to read or watch CSPAN. Obama's administration was as transparent as the bottom of the Mississippi River in New Orleans.
Fox and the white house needs to quit talking about http://porter.it  was 10 yrs ago its over people change he hasnt done it in ten years
A lot of Trump hater on here a lot of Jaketapper lover and I hate abused on woman I was abused my self
The red flags were there all along and she picked him anyway. 50/50 responsibility.
George is a RESISTANCE BOT
I think you are the bot.
EXACTLY! Abuse knows, NO color, gender, race or Party! Just sayin
The silence from trump is deafening.
Will you please stand up for what is right and demand that the WH take responsibility for their inability to act and the continued disregard for the victims.
Men get abused too! We never know who's telling truth though
Eventually .... he will toss you under the bus too !
but please post what you said about Hope Hicks prior to this. This explains the response it received.
why are you sticking up for the POS's in the White House?
and the ol' trumpster (rhymes with dumpster) is the worst of the lot, hence his vigorous defense of the second worst...
So @KellyannePolls your backing a guy that did this?
It's ok Kellyanne sometimes the spin spins you..hard to keep all that bullshit straight
But you said Hope Hicks won’t get abused because she is strong. Right?
You literally work for someone who has sexually assaulted over a dozen women.  You used to work for a guy who told women they could stop rape with their thoughts.  We will never forget
Lol....trump has not assaulted anyone...lets see the proof dummy
Glad to here you think your daughter is growing up where Mom says black eyes are ok
For this and so much more, you deserve every bit of condemnation coming your way. You wear your deplorable label well.
You would know right Tapper always figured you were just another liberal molestor
You have to stop always blaming and placing all onus on the victim. You never hold the aggressor accountable. Your devil's advocacy enabling is your primary way of doing business   That is a serious character flaw.
That's what happens when you start to turn victimization into a form of social currency. When everyone is a victim, no one is, &  people stop believing those who claim to be one... Which is harmful & damaging to actual victims.
At this point the only thing left for you to say is,
“I was wrong.”
“I was condescending”. 
“I’m sorry”. 
Be the better person please.
“I am very close to Hope Hicks and I don't worry about her in that respect. "...but in the case of Hope, I rarely met somebody so strong with such excellent instincts, and loyalty, and smarts." I am glad you allowed Jake to correct your serious misstatement.
Hope has shown good judgement?  She had an affair with a married man who is a bit creepy. She probably knew @CLewandowski_ wife. Sorry. Poor judgement.
Jake.  We have heard enough from @KellyannePolls .  Please spare us any further abuse
Why are you even here your a BOT! We ALL KNOW!! BOT BOT BOT


Look in the mirror Kellyanne. You’re in a relationship involving an abuse of power, abuse of women, abuse of words, & actions. defending, aiding & abetting in a co-dependent position of Counselor. I suggest you visit, better yet volunteer at a local Women’s Shelter.
Kiss your kids with that mouth! Typical liberal! 
What about inocent till proven guilty!
You know, they don't just hand out restraining orders.
And what do we call women who enable the abusers?
Such a love hate relationship.  Grab a white flag
Conway is the biggest assholeshe doesn’t represent woman you represents the vile repulsive trump
Listen you poor excuse for a human being.......I volunteered at a Battered Women's shelter (ran by nuns) for years.  Please get in touch with me, so I can have you tour a shelter (they are hiddens some times)  YOU NEED A LESSON...on humanity.
You defend the indefensible! I am 70 years old and since the 60's he, Trump has used his money and power to harass, abuse and prey upon pretty, young women! It's well documented! The affairs, the divorces, the pay-offs! Where the "hell" have you been?
Kellyanne, you’re a real piece of work.  Think before you open your mouth about strong and weak women.  Wake up and smell the roses, by getting back to reality.  I wonder if you can walk and chew gum at the same time.  You have given up your dignity by supporting Trump.
FLIPPING BOT
Abusers know how to use people. I am a RN, 3rd wife of a MD Abuser, who took a Judge as his 4th wife 8/1998. Abusers tend to be charming sociopathic like manipulators. Porter used Hicks.
The American system works for all; due-process you are innocent until proven guilty, period.
Saw the interview Kellyanne, & what I heard from you - women who are abused are to blame because they were not strong. No ethics, no Morales sums up Trump Admin.
Kellyan is another example of a weak excuse for victim blamers. #FireHer
Nice try crone
you are more crooked than a box of snakes
@KellyannePolls You’re a disgrace to all women! Who hit you with the dumb stick?
As my grandfather once told me never hit a girl and especially never in the head because their skull isn’t as thick as a man’s This from a man married 60+ years to his high school sweetheart
It is women like you whose ambition rules over any sense of moral integrity ,that enables  abusive ,preditory men to survive and thrive . Being a strong woman is no guarantee of protection from people like Trump ,Porter and all their enablers.# slime oozes from the top
What’s right is..... First u don’t have Sarah get up there and make excuses, and u don’t get on TV and try to smooth things over both of those make u people LOKK SO SMALL AND U BELIEVE THAT THE PUBLIC IS STUPID, U GUYS CONTINUOUSLY MAKE SO MANY MISTAKES.
Really wonder what Kellyanne is going to tell her children when they become adults about her behavior and support of women —shame
“I’ve rarely met somebody so strong with such excellent instincts and loyalty and smarts.”..just shows what an idiot you really are
No u didn’t handle it the right way , let me tell you if my boss talked that way about my employment where something like happened, lol I would definitely say something, so kellyanne it looks like I have more balls than you, U CARE NOTHING ABOUT WHATS RIGHT!
This doesn't make you look smarter Kellyanne. Jake, stop interviewing her! It's totally unwatchable. How many of us shut TV off when she's on because we don't like watching someone try to nail Jello to the wall.
Nice try. But this is all coming from you. A weak woman who looks like a man
But he denies it I mean very strongly and I think u have to look at that. Plus maybe she didn't have dinner ready and u have to be upset about that just ask @realDonaldTrump

You work for a serial abuser of women. You are a disease.

The reason Jake stated what he did was your statement before it that Hope Hicks was a strong woman. You started to say she wouldn't put up with it when he cut in with his statement. Context matters. (Honestly I was shocked you started down that road).
For a person that has daughters you should be ashamed of yourself when you go to hell you know you can’t take all the money that trumps paying you right

So according to you your two daughters will never get abused or be in a relationship with domestic violence because you raised him strong is that what you’re saying
Are you fucking kidding, you are actively standing up for a Wife abuser and putting down his ex-wife's.  Are you sure you are a female ??????

The 45 administration is a complete joke and threat to democracy...they invented "Fake News"! They have NO INTEGRITY! #LiarInChief They stand by domestic violence abusers b/c the "man" who occupies the WH is an abuser himself. #Enough
So, what was your point then Kelly?
#HopeHicks can't say 'no' to steaming President Plump's suits (while he wears them) -that's a fact. She's continuing with a man whom she knows has abused 3 women in the past. She's going to avoid abuse, how?
My abuse was suffered for years.  Divorced last year because of the presidential campaign. My pro-trump husband used to scream at me and call me foul names & threaten me with knives because I didn't like trump.  Last straw.  Trump encouraged him to mistreat me.  Nice role model.

Kellyanne you are truly on the wrong side of history and responsible for trying to send women back to the dark ages. You’re a horrible person
3 women die each day at hands of an abuser
Gosh, @KellyannePolls, I am impressed. You CAN walk backwards. Now, why don't you go on all of the news shows and say THIS?
Who hurt you, Kellyanne?
You’re too stupid to listen to.
For the news media this is so dishonest. How many network stars have been outed for abusive/ harassing behavior toward women? How many media orgs created hostile work environments for years? And executive mgmt and colleagues practiced “willful blindness”.  Answer these first.
Would anyone aside from kellyanne be shocked to find out Hope Hicks has been abused? I guess the question is had their relationship progressed to that level or was he still being "cool" rob? Also hope should stop dating trumps buddies
Kelly , I will fight for womens' justice and pray for their protection.  Justice will win Kelly
Yes, we all see the stigma and silence, particularly with all the women have made accusations against Donald Trump. #MAGA
This is what it looks like when you sell your soul to the orange devil. I'm not 1 to criticize peoples looks, but honestly @KellyannePolls, you look absolutely horrible. And its from lack of sleep as you can't because of the awful parasite you have turned in to. #TheWalkingDead
Silence and stigma..you're working for the White House which has been silent and often confused at best on how to detail how rob porter was working there
Political points aside this level of stupidity is what @realDonaldTrump delivered to America..he will be a joke in the decades to come and his family will wonder why he decided to ruin their one valuable thing. Their brand name
You should tell your daughters that it's ok to get slapped around so long as their spouse is good at his job..by the way being good in your Administration is a bar so low it's last round of limbo contest
Kellyanne. I joined Twitter to respond to your comment around abuse.  Please walk your comment back. Woman cannot do this to one another especially a woman with a prominent voice. You demean all women with your comment and embolden abusers.
Your comment was beyond stupid..so you know Hope isn't getting smacked around by him? How? Because she's talented at work? I don't want her to get hurt but if she did I really want to hear your response
20 who were abused by your orange king. Yet you choose to ignore them. You are a fraud who once told the truth about the sexual predator in chief when you represented another reprehensible republican. I know you don't sleep at night as it shoes in your caving, zombie looking face
True Ms Kellyanne and it should never be tolerated. Let’s not forget the weak men who are also abused by women and men.
You need to jusy go away Conway, you are as vile as your boss
I’m a man. I’ve been punched, slapped,my hair pulled, food pushed in my face, chased off road by a speeding car,shirt pulled open, ass grabbed as I walked past, threatened @ knifepoint 4 refusing 2 go 2 marriage counselor( the wife was drunk) does that count?
Trump jr also said women who were harassed allowed it.
You ALL knew about him, but did nothing to protect the women around him nor this country from his clearly compromised position. He IS and always has been a threat. #youknew and yet you persisted. Pathetic!
Then why a lack of concern for Hope Hicks? It's more than obvious Rob Porter is a serial abuser.
