This always just makes me think of Serb, the young opioid dealer profiled here
OK deleting&rewording my old tweet bc it cd be interpreted as opposite of what I mean! Serb intro'd recreational OxyContin to Idaho's Treasure Valley, softened region for heroin, sold 5K pills/month, made millions. Yet after reading @byjoeeaton's story, I don't want Serb to die
It's not like I want to be bff with him, but he's a very young man and will be put away for a very long time. That feels to me just. I would be interested to hear from anyone who's read the story and feels differently!
It should be for foreign illegals that smuggle drugs into USA & more money for rehabs that is not afforable to most& if busted 4 heroin forced -unable to walk out until completed -rehab as punishment for the crime
I'm curious: If a US citizen is found to be a major dealer, would you want the death penalty for them too? For example, these guys seem to be citizens:
Are you sincerely asking me? My answer would be YES If caught smuggling large quanities over the border
Yes, I was sincerely asking! Thanks for answering. Since your tweet mentioned illegals, I wasn't sure if you meant for undocumented immigrants only. For sure both are involved in the drug trade.
I thank you again for your sincerety  & you may not want me but you just won me I hope you don't mind if I follow you? & PacificStand?
That's great, but where's the attention on the things WE CAN DO that are way more practical? I know they don't light Trump up the way killing people and bashing foreigners does, but we need to put a stop to this epidemic and save lives.
I've covered what we can do for @PacificStand!
We can pass laws that make naloxone easier to get: https://psmag.com/news/how-easy-is-it-to-get-naloxone-in-your-state …
We can support moms w/ addictions: https://psmag.com/social-justice/how-kentucky-is-leading-the-way-in-addiction-care-for-pregnant-women … 
& I liked this @voxdotcom story on hub+spoke systems:
Did you mean >20,000 doses?
Nope, she mentioned 20,000, as a limit for mandatory minimum sentences, as too high
So identifying as a major drug conference is a thing now, amazing! I think my gender is a Gun Show  :D
lol I never even noticed that typo before this!
<20k or >20k?

Also that'd be ... ~2 grams of LSD. Half a teaspoon.
<20k! She'd mentioned 20,000 doses, as a limit for mandatory minimum sentences, as too high
Worth noting here is the ridiculous trend by law enforcement of counting (for charging purposes) the weight of the medium the drug is in, not just the drug itself.

And am I safe assuming no one has suggested we execute distillers or tobacco growers yet?
Well, they are mostly white men, so 
Well this is a white country.
That will never happen especially since most of the large importers of contraband drugs are white.
Wake up people using drugs need to want to stop set.up http://rehabs.So  they can
I would never consider the death penalty for any nonviolent offense. No enlightened society would ever consider it. Life and death decisions should be left only to god
Non violent? You're clueless.
How about for Big Pharma who is guilty of getting most of these people addicted?
Will this death sentence also include the drug companies chairman and women who peddle these drugs to doctors, give free samples and bonus check for prescribing?
Political use of the death penalty is always an elastic theme. Who will die depends on who you are talking to.
Just another way for Trump and Sessions to keep their private prisons full at taxpayer expense.
No, people don't have to do drugs.  They made the decision to get hooked.  The pills didn't jump down their throats.  I say fry them all.  Even the CEO's.  Afterall, they are all drug dealers and addicts.  Pure and simple.

Quit protecting people from themselves.  Toughen up.
does that include  Purdue Pharma, Teva, Cephalon, Johnson & Johnson, Janssen, Endo, Allergan, Watson and subsidiaries & distribution chain like McKesson, Cardinal Health and Amerisource Bergen. if not  your not solving the problem
she says she is Catholic & pro-life so she should be condemning the death penalty
Clarity and the Trump administration go together like oil and water
So why is it that his people always have to clarify for him? It couldn't possibly be because he spouts off the cuff and says the most ridiculous BS daily, right?
Is anyone considering the LEGAL means by which the MAJORITY of people become addicted in the 1st place? I know from personal experience that DOCTORS & legit scripts for actual pain are MORE often the root of opiate addiction, NOT dealers/smugglers. Trump's head is up his a$$.

does that mean the head of all pharmaceutical companies are going to jail or put to death??
Because their Jesus would support the death penalty.
You can't punish drugs away. If the is a market someone will always try to capitalize on it. Mass incarceration ruins lives beyond the incarcerated.  Why can't our leaders understand ?
The minute a drug addict steps out of rehab the sellers find them, wear them down, and the sale is made. My brother was in-out rehab because of these losers, finally died in police car. Arresting an addict is sinful,  arrest the sellers so addicts have reprieve.
Perdue pharmaceuticals fault for opiod use...
So you're putting the CEOs of pharmaceuticals to death? Interesting concept. You know it's Big Pharma who is pushing this on society right? In collusion with major drug chains.
Good. Kill them all
Well Kellyanne also said this https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/2010855688945911/ … , so I wouldn’t put too much stock in what Ms. Conway says, does or believes in. Her entire existence appears to be negotiable...
@KellyannePolls GFY. Move to the Philippines if that’s what you want, this is America, a Democracy and Republc. Save that Autocrat $hit.
SHUT UP... GO BACK IN THE DARK YOU VAMPIRE
You do realize if this were to happen, Rush Oxycotton Limbaugh would be dead.
But it would be unconstitutional under SCOTUS rulings about proportionality and Eighth Amendment.
Drug dealers can already get the death penalty under those circumstances. Why is Trump acting like this is HIS thing? Oh, and did you see what Kellyanne ‘s husband posted? Loving watching trump fail! Loving it!
I for one would like all drug dealings to be wiped off the face of the Earth
okay.  but let us make this clear:                there are people who have had major injuries which lead to a life of 24/7 nerve pain damage.
Starting with all the executives of big pharma...Go for it.
@KellyannePolls @realDonaldTrump no death penalty for drug dealers
So .... the CEO’s of Rx companies should be in the front of the line ?

You guys are crazy wanting to kill drug dealers. You gonna kill parents who withhold treatment of children for *religious* reasons? Or anti vaxers or vaxers?
Cartels....those who prey on the lowly and weak...those who will lie, cheat, steel and murder.  He is expressing his utter disgust for cartels and those who push drugs to the young as well as general popl.
Typical of a Godless POTUS
Should  be for all dealers small and large, they all create loss of life, whether it is physical or emotional on the addict and the families. Just be done with them.
Could turn to drugs as they grow up and then become dealers to support their habbits
Tell me how a right wing leader can be for the death penalty for drug dealers but opposed to abortion?

I suppose we can now say the abortions are a way to save money on having to house, trial, feed, medically cover, and kill future drug dealers.

As we could say these unwanted
I’m ok with <15.
You are doing a magnificent job Kellyanne! God Bless you!
And?
Big Pharma is a drug cartel.
How many people died from OD as a direct result of “Serb’s” drugs? So why is he not in the same class as a serial killer? Had he killed them with a gun what would his sentence be? The only difference is the weapon used to kill. Not to mention he got cash to do it.
@KellyannePolls @realDonaldTrump does that include pill mill doctors that prescribe?
Funny enough, in China it's exactly what they got. but the China-huggers blame Trump for following their beloved model in this issue
LESS than 20k doses? You’ve indicated that in your tweet.
Oh so that means big Pharma Merck and Perdue CEOs could face the death penalty for intentionally and illegally overshipping Opioids into small towns  Like 20,000,000 pills shipped into the small town of Williamson,WVa and S. Williamson Ky combined Pop. About 3000
Of course they should. They know what's going on.  Hang 'em.
One day, Trump asked the Singapore prime minister on drug problem. In Singapore, trafficking drug above certain amount is a capital crime. Same in Malaysia, Indonesia and several other countries. In Singapore and Malaysia it is hanging and firing squad in Indonesia.
WHY DEATH PENALTY. WE HAVE TO PAY TO KEEP THEM 20+YEARS BEFORE ANYTHING HAPPENS. IF THEY GET DEATH PENALTY MAKE IT HAPPEN IMMEDIATELYY
Yes, I agree?
The death penalty is barbaric. I'm not religious but I believe killing for any reason other than protecting one's self or another is murder.
Why death? You feel they killed people by giving drugs? So let's kill them! Let's just kill our way through the problem. How about help people?
Largest drug dealer in US and probably the world is the CIA they should be worried.
Sure... Let's try to kill our way out of the opioid crisis. Get real.
2018 and we going to have the death penalty .. what will we do hang them from a tree. America is going backwards ... as the world looks on
Maybe those with multiple unpaid parking tickets as well.  Maybe hard labor that benefits society would be more appropriate and not such a morally black hole.  The courts have 2 responsibilities. Punishment and rehabilitation.
so we are not tying this to a death caused by dealer? dumb
People  need to watch Drugs Inc on the Juctice Channel 
Drugs r out of control 
It is the Mexican Drug Cartel that has been spreading through out the United States to make money on addiction they started with super high cut Drugs
Death sentence for thise distributing fentanyl-heroin.
Death penalty ONLY for any dealer period. Those of us NOT ADDICTED are flat sick of it. Execute all drug dealers and be done with it. Good grief.
@KellyannePolls , @realDonaldTrump - does this mean you’re going to kill off the Sackler family?
I guess she's referring to Corporate Pharma (large scale)?
I’m wondering why Kellyanne retweeted this. Did she not read it or is she agreeing that Trump’s strategies re drug problem are Duterte-like? Also, does Trump favor executing drug company CEO’s? They’re the biggest dealers.
Let #MethBarbie and partner in crime in the #ToxicTwins Be the first one to test out the new law.
Actually, I would vote for having her be the opioid counter… I want to see anyone in that White House count from 1 to 20,000.
Let us not forget the licensed drug pusher, the Pharmaceutical Industry through their AMA dispensaries. Legislate end to drug advertising Targeting consumers & let professional AMA make the decision if a patients diagnosis requires such drugs. Prescription drugs new corner pusher
Do the big pharma reps at this conference realize that's them?
Death!!!that is what they deserve.
Should be !
Wish we would talk about how the drug war has failed...the public and the addicts. Making addiction a criminal justice problem is part of the problem.
Yeah good idea they are scum
They should get the death penalty because they are a cancer we actually can eradicate. She has received rave reviews for her speech.



I'm sure the pharmaceutical companies love Trump's idea to kill their street competition.
Why are people applauding when scores die every day?  Seems like both are getting messages from faulty microwave transmissions as big pharmaceutical companies rake in the cash. @CNN @nytimes @MSNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
The only way to get rid of the drug problem is to legalise it all, not impose sentences for dealers.
ROFLMAO......After all they legallized weed didn't they. ROFLMAO........
Good build the wall
So drug company CEO's then.
It bothers me that kellyanne conway is allowed to speak there. People like her are proponents for a militaristic approach to a humanitarian issue. Improved mental health facilities, improved outreach and the destigmatization of mental illness is needed above all else.
Have the men in the audience been turned to stone after gazing on her face?
Here's the thing......does that apply to CEO's of the drug companies....and the doctors that write ALL THOSE SCRIPTS ....they are just as negligent as the street level dealer.
Is it an ironic applause?
Ask her if big Pharmaceutical is on that list???
Not if they are a donor 
She, @KellyannePolls, always looks like she's on about 20,000 doses.

Also, that's insane!!!!
How about big pharma and dealing out death sentences to any of them who purposely destroy peoples lives.
So Pharmaceuticals DEA FDA NIDA and cops will be sentenced to death?


That would be alleged as no charges have been filed and none adjudicated.
Bliss
I make no claim to his guilt or innocence only his right to trial by jury and to face his accusers rather than trial by court of public opinion. Alleged is the appropriate term for those charged but not convicted and as of yet he hasn’t even been charged so that may be too strong
*His ?
Roy Moore
Read better.
Perhaps you should, your meme should read at the bottom “alleged child molester” not child molester.
So...like...pharma execs? Interesting approach.
My question too.
Wash your hands when done there.
