Grow up Kellyann.
Shove it Brent, she’s right!
Yes indeed
@KellyannePolls is simply deplorable and would stay in the deplorable basket
That's your own opinion. Kellyanne stands up to a nasty old feminist who apparently doesn't care for a very large population of white wonen, that would be the one who I would consider deplorable. not the one who calls her out on it.
N Brew you should check your DNA you may be surprised
What exactly do you mean
Clearly following flotus anti bullying platform aren’t you
Melania is a troubled person, because of husband Trump’s infidelities. Sad that you omit this fact...
lol.
What are you hoping to accomplish by tweeting this? Who is this for?
Personally I loved it! Retweeted the hell out of it and sent it to all my peeps all over social media. 
I’m truly embarrassed for you
Bravo @KellyannePolls! Great job with @POTUS, conservative women are proud of you!
SHE BROKE THE LAW!
YOURE PROUD OF LAW BREAKERS
#HatchAct
Gotta love our Kellyanne........LOL
Clownyanne 
Spectacular whataboutism, Crypt Keeper.  Still A COMPLETELY ridiculous take, but you do you. 
For someone who doesn’t talk about Hillary, you sure talk about her a lot.

#Truth
Next to Trump Bill is nothing more than a naughty choir boy. Kellyanne is working for a soulless monster

Let me tell you something lady, the fact that a #Dotard can cheat on his wife, while she stays home with the new born speaks volumes of his character

#StormyDaniels #TrumpLies #kellyanneconway
What volume does Little old lady stumble down the stairs speak ?
You are so right Kellyanne!

The only reason any one knows Hillary is first and foremost because of who she married! 

She's a joke and full of more gaffes than Joe Biden.

Someone needs to teacher how to walk again. What ever her disease is she needs therapy...on several levels!
Really? Are you that threatened by a 71 year old woman.  Let’s focus on the shitbag in th White House now.  It’s all that matters going forward.
Live in the past
It’s not her fault you’re so worthless. Move on.
You vote for who pays you the most, we all know that!
Go get em .

What's your excuse?

SHE VOTED FOR HILLARY CLINTON!

JUST LIKE HE TOLD HER TO. HE DID, TOO!
Bravo Kellyanne, you arrowed in on Hillary!
Let me ask U Mrs Conway. are U saying this POTUS is better than Bill Clinton morally? when we all know trump cheated on his 1st wife w who became his 2nd wife, looks like he cheated on Melanie w a porn star for 1. U know what trump is for $$ & fame U choose to deceive others
That doesn’t even count the horrible stuff he bragged about doing on tape to women even Married women against their will, he brags about lying & dumb ppl believing him. He said discussing stuff on TV about Meghan  bleeding U R as evil as he is for defending his horrible actions
You're a disgusting POS.
Just like Melania, huh?
Oh I guess you weren't good enough to get paid 130 grand for your services. Looks like some one (Kelly) is a little jealous.
Really Kellyanne if you believe that what does it say about Melania?? Try something different think before you speak !!!!
While I do dislike Hilary immensely, you taking the moral high ground is comical! Look who you work for Kelleyanne, and defend when he is indefensible. I suggest looking in the mirror and doing some soul searching yourself.
I don’t know where you live, but I don’t know any women who had to ask her husband how to vote.  This probably says more about you then other women!
Kellyanne should take a look at who she defends daily!!!!

Your obsession with her is not healthy _
You're really gonna go all the way down with this ship, aren't you?


For what crime? POTUS under investigation tho....
What crime? Oh boy let me spin the wheel...... take your pick.  Her times a comin’ !
Let’s hear 1.
I have no respect for any women that stays with a man that cheats, she has no self respect all about power and $$$$$$$$.
so that means you have no respect for Melania...ok. Why do you hate our beloved first lady so much?
No one hates Melania, we just pity her.
Oh. You’re proud of that quote? It seems pretty mean, to me. Have you packed your office yet? Be sure to leave the stapler.

Kellyanne, your appointment time for the confessional has been confirmed.  Hopefully an hour will be enough time.   
And you know that bcz you takevfake confessions?

Cool. Pay us back for your private flights.
Does she spend all her time in Hawaii?
I'm sure she would love to if it weren't for the 100+ days at a Trump golf property.
So do you think any other President-Dem or R-have taken their staff with them to a vacation spot? Camp David etc?
Do you think any other President -Dem or R- has taken 100+days off in their first year in office?   (At a cost of nearly $60M to the American taxpayer)?
Can you answer my question first please.
No
Ok. If President Trump didn’t take all those days off-if your correct-would you still hate him?
Let's compare career highlights, shall we?
Sure, let's talk about Benghazi.
I believe it's called BENGHAZI!
She was also investigated 11 times for Benghazi by Republicans!! No wrongdoing going found 11times!!
There are swamp dwellers on both sides. Didn't you know?
Sorry, I am confused. Are you a Trump supporter?
I support a number of his policies, certainly not all.
Well, good luck with that.
Why are you so obsessed with her? Get over it
You should "get over it"!
These days are numbered and the thing I can't weight most for is the day I can LOL and all your BS faces and believe me it's coming sooner than later
You are so high strung and out of control, probably on the verge of a mental breakdown! You need to discard all that hatred and "Vengeance is mine saith the Lord."
And we know who you are, first and foremost, by who work for. #Disgraceful
Like Melania? Trumpers are so hypocritical, it’s actually ridiculous.
Actually, the leftists, like you, are so out of touch. Step back, take a breath.
Out of touch? Uh huh. We just don’t want our President to be a lying, racist, cheating, crooked moron. But also, answer the above instead of deflecting - what about Melania?
What about her? All the adjectives you blurted describe Obama and kilary! Where have you been these last two decades?
Another stupid attempt at deflecting. You’re embarrassing yourself.
I'm not embarrassed at all. No need for that. Maybe you should try to look for the good in people instead of the bad, which much of the public does. I don't follow the herd. You do.
BAM!! very nice !
Kellyanne you are one of my favorites! You would think that Democrats would love USA just as we do, but they don’t! We have the greatest Country in the World!
You lookin' haggard, girlfriend. Harpying is wearin' you out.
Oh Dear Cryptkeeper, it’s gonna be so fun to watch your demise on live tv after all you and you husband have done to those people. And for what you support in the WH. How quickly you forget all you said about him while you and Rafael Cruz were working with Cambridge Analytical.

Truth
You are a frigginn DOG!!!
Said the person who broke the law twice since appointed to the White House. In addition costing us taxpayers lots of money for your fancy flights needs.
You are so precious with your sweet little lies

#MemeMagic!

Love your response!!
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones
Kellyanne,a flunky from St. JOES IN HAMMOMTON No. Could have really been somebody, if not for the quicksand Trump connection.
Kelly...look who Melania Trump married?!?! Trump is banging Stormy Daniels just after @FLOTUS gave birth...
hUNH?
What is this?
Hillary lost and the only reason she is relevant is bc YOU KEEP BRINGING HER UP
Kellyanne...you best pay less attention to Hillary and more to Stormy...
She’s the one who’s going to be responsible for you being a forgotten hausfrau ...
#FreeStormy
#OperationBorderStormy
#wankpuffin
What does that even mean?!?! You are daft...
Kellyanne, your reputation goes before you, do you really have to be so hard on @HillaryClinton? We all strive to be a success from bringing up a family to standing for the presidency of the USA. Even the @RoyalFamily in the UK seek to do the best they can from a head start – at Apple Capital Print Management
@HillaryClinton is hard on all women who didn't "get in line" and give her her way.   This isn't Kelkyanne's fault.  She's just standing up for women who were insulted by the not President.
You are correct, she is not the President, so why do they still keep talking about her?? What is the infatuation with HRC that  They can't stop talking about her?
Lock that poor woman up already ,,, she is falling all over in INDIA ,,,, such a disgrace to AMERICA ,,,, go Kelly we love you here in RURAL OHIO
Well listen to u, one who condones everything Trump has done and said. Where are your moral standards, did u park them somewhere, & you’re preaching to Clinton, maybe step back& take a long look in the mirror. Ur the one who is disgusting here.
Right on!
P.S. the election is over.
Ms Conway I wonder if we might be related ? My maiden name is  Conway. Perhaps I shoul say that I may be related to your husband. If he is interested tweet me and let me know.
My condolences
#HillaryClinton is the pot calling the kettle black… Who was it that stood behind the man that embarrassed the entire country with his antics in the Oval Office? And who was it that defended his obscene behavior while discrediting all the women involved in his dalliances?
I think @HillaryClinton had some dalliance of her own...
I am with you on that. It has been runored VF
Yeah, some of you like rumors instead of truth and facts.
What facts do you have?
Does the fact that Trump is shit at his job count?
If you are who you marry I suggest keeping that husband of yours hidden!
Expressing jealousy for HRC’s achievements is the only thing that’s not a lie coming out of your mouth Kellyanne Conway.

You are one of the poison of this country. Shame on you.
How dare you call HRC “Lady”! She is many things: corrupt politician, opportunist, manipulator, possible co-conspirator of murder for hire, etc but never a Lady.
What a witch you are Kelly Ann

Everything wrong with Fox News in one video 
Thank you Kellyanne. 1st off, how dare Hillary make a comment regarding this deplorable that she never met.  Second, she is just mimicking Michelle Obama's comment. Both are womanizers in my opinion. I wish someone could shut her up. How dare she insult us in US o in any country.
In response to a crappy comment in which Hillary Clinton reduces southern women to their role as wives, Kellyanne Conway reduced Hillary to her role as a wife.

Irony  is not just dead. A stake has been driven through its heart and its home burned to the ground.
#truestory
You have no integrity. You work for an immoral, corrupt president and you’ve told lie after lie on national television. You also violated the Hatch Act. Those who live in glass houses...
There is no reason for this tweet other than to be petty and childish. Wait.. oh that’s right you are already those things..
Right on winner! Keep up the good work!
I feel like Hillary stole your guy in high school or something?
You are a petty POS just like your boss... Heres hoping you get indicted too 
#HatchAct #professionalliar
https://www.facebook.com/DJTNotMyPresident/posts/2098228933780146 …

Bravo, @KellyannePolls ! I just love your smarts and your spunk--you are wonderful!
Yeah a guy just like DJT.
BOOM
Guttersnipe.
You aren’t even half the woman that Hillary is. History will show you for the ethical fraud that you are. Enjoy your time in the sun now bc your time is coming. Karma is a bitch & her cousin Comeuppance is a nasty bitch. They’re a coming your way, baby!
If you think evangelical Christians women are not voting the way their husbands tell them to, then you have lost touch with your base.
As an evangelical Christian woman whose friends are evangelical Christian women, I can tell you no one is telling them what to do. God help the man that makes that mistake. We’re not kittens, we’re lions.
We'll remember, Harpy
Hell yeah Kellyanne
Uh, you never said that Hillary. Why are you still here?

You're a disgrace. How are those ethics violations coming?
She’s proven that she has no ethics and neither do the people she works for and with.
What?
She can’t get over it.......
Hillary again...jealous & insecure already this morning.
What is your job exactly?
If Jeff Sessions Does Not fire Andrew McCabe&He gets to keep his pension after Obstruction Justice w/HRC Email case,Committed Sedition&Fraud against Trump,His Campaign&Admin,Set up Flynn&destroyed his life,ect Make No Mistake The POTUS Will lose his base he needs to know WE HADIT

Well said!

You are a hypocrite of the grandest scale.We know who Donald Trump is, first and foremost, because of who HE married. You don't even see the error of your tweet.
Stay strong Kellyanne.  Big news coming.  Media nervous. #InternetBillOfRights
#treasonoushag A cell has your name on it. 3x Hatch Act violator. Full time awful human.
We know who melania married but no one on your side is attacking him
Kelly Anne has a lesbian type obsession with HRC.
Oh wow!
I saw the interview with Jessie Waters. I like the way you discuss you important points with him and anybody else. You don't give them a chance to throw you off with their comment while you are answering the question.
Amen!
Kellyamne who???
How rude and disrespectful. But then again, consider the source. Keep it klassy KAC. #basicbitch
Good lines.... however:
You have aged years and you really need to get in a rehab for help and most of all stay away from Trump he's completely rode you hard and put you up wet
Hey Kellyanne found you’re vehicle 
you say the same to melania, right? or how about hope, who seems to have slept with half the staff? y'all seem like a pretty damn sleazy bunch who maybe shouldn't be so quick to cast stones...just saying, sewer rat barbie.
I don't recognize him as being in that roll. Never has been pres. Never will be pres. Never will call him that. Traitor is the name I will always call drumpf.
"Because of who you married"? She married a two-term president. And she's still married to him, the one-and-only person she ever married.
You think Rep husbands telling their wives how to vote is a joke but you didn't say it isn't true.
@HillaryClinton is a joke
To Kellyann
Get off the Clinton’s .. leave them alone ... #bitch45 won keep moving
You get em’ Kellyanne!
All the while swinging from little Donalds balls,gtfoh
Amen
Nice!!!
#potusisapos
And who do you work for again? How many credible allegations of sexual assault and rape? How many racist comments has he made and views does he hold? How many lies does he vomit out daily? How many affairs has he had? Are you proud of yourself, lady? #sewerratbarbie
Amen!!!  Love it 
But look at who you work for and lie for daily
Pantsuit Nation says you’re wrong-about everything
You are SO bad at throwing shade @KellyannePolls. I don't think you're smart enought to realize that when @realDonaldTrump and the rest of the #TrumpSwamp goes, so do you.
I think it’s oddly funny how you like to quote yourself.
But, but, but Hillary.
Thought no one was talking about Hillary? You are such a fraud.
Being from Jersey myself, I am mortified that's where you're from originally.  You so seem like you should be from Sarah Huckabee country.
This country knows who she is alright. She is the candidate who got 3 MILLION+ more votes than your sorry excuse of a man, "lady".
ale się Ogórkowa postarzała
Seriously everytime a trumpet says Hillary they should charge a $1.00 tariff. Enough to pay for their wall.
Gooo @KellyannePolls .  There are no words to explain or comprehend this ignorant woman. How can ANY woman agree with this unsteady not surefooted ox..
You are really childess
Childish
Bullshit coming from a woman with no class.
Truer words never spoken, as they say..
Hey Kellyanne remember when Russia needed a Pollster to determine where to hack the election??
You're a disgrace.
Silly
#TRE45ON
#JailToTheCheif
#ImpeachTrump 
I wish that you could say that to her face for all of us women.
You are disgusting. Go away.
She needs to let it go. @HillaryClinton has blamed everything and everyone but herself. She got beat GO AWAY PLEASE.
#GOAWAYPLEASE
And Melania married and u work for a sexual predator who admitted to sexual thoughts about underage girls: P. Hilton, a 10 year old, and Miss Teen USA contestants. I guess we know who you and Melania are.
let me tell you something lady; Hillary Clinton was working to end discrimination and inequity -things you have never fought for - since you were in grade school. The fact that you show blind support for Donald "grab 'em by the pussy" Trump says it all...

How Hillary sees me VS those who really know me: They call me Lieutenant!
You can’t put stripes on those bare shoulders 
I turned in my stripes for bars years ago. 
We know who you are, who you married & who you serve. Your only tool beyond this point is hypocrisy.
Oh my, a woman involved in protecting the alleged worst president in the history of the country, you might want to dial it back.

Hillary's service to this country: Former Two Term First Lady of Arkansas; Former Two Term First Lady of the United States; Former Two Term Senator from New York; Former Secretary of State; Benefactor of the Clinton Foundation...what has kac done for this country?

You tell her Kellyanne!!!!! 
We  you!!
KellyAnne Handjob.
See how the socialist wants to interfere in your family’s decisions
Dayum!
Whoa! Did not see that coming.
What a joke smellyanne, look who YOUR working for.  You think Bill is worse?  Well you always had a thing for alternative facts.  Hope you got a GOOD lawyer.

Who spent thousands on private flights, Kellyanne that's who
Why not?
Two thumbs up to Kellyanne.   And on a side note...Fire McCabe now, no pension!
