President Trump on White House listening session with survivors of mass shootings: "I listened to their heartbreaking stories. I asked them for their ideas and pledged to them that we would take action." http://cbsn.ws/2CbqgDj 
"We are going to be focusing very strongly on mental health because here's a case of mental health. Part of the problem is that we used to have mental institutions," President Trump says of gun law reforms http://cbsn.ws/2CbqgDj 
“We have to harden our schools not soften them up. A gun-free zone to a killer or someone that wants to be a killer  — that's like going in for an ice cream,” President Trump says during school safety meeting in wake of Florida school shooting http://cbsn.ws/2CbqgDj 
“I don't want teachers to have guns. I want certain highly adept people who understand weaponry and guns,” President Trump says. “These people are cowards. They're not going to walk into a school if 20% of the teachers have guns — or maybe 10% or 40%.” http://cbsn.ws/2CbqgDj 
Reporter: What do you say to teachers who say they don’t want guns in the classroom?
President Trump: “These are experts. These would be people that actually would want them. It would be a small percentage, but it would be a lot of people.”
http://cbsn.ws/2CbqgDj 
Another joke.
@POTUS is quoting the usual @GOP   answer to America's problems. He forgets its a Republicans controlled government, he is the problem.
Think about this as a mother: he thinks teachers should have guns on their desks. #chaos
Think about this as a mother: their teachers are going to huddle them into a corner and pray that they won't get killed instead of taking action.
IF a person is psychologically unstable & has a history of violent abusive behavior at 18, what's going to happen in those three years that's going to change this? Why aren't you talking about what clear perimeters 4 gun ownership such as no record of violent or abusive behavior?
So glad Mental Health is at the forefront! Anyone who thinks this isn’t a core issue should work on my adolescent psych unit for a week and have their eyes opened to how much help mental health patients need.
Amen!
13 year old boy can't buy cigarettes alcohol or pornos but walks into a gun show and buys a gun no questions asked. Watch this demonstration.
https://www.facebook.com/kelly.young.9634/posts/2042161709135162 …
How can you even look at yourselves in the face when you talk about "hardening" schools and yet the Parkland students must return to buildings that are not even being replaced with bullet proof glass or inside locks doors?

Schools by me r always locked.U hav 2 ring a buzzer,show ID,state ur business.Once inside a resource officer buzzes u in a second door.
Raising the age limit over 18 and expect unlawful gun purchases to stop......... is like raising the VOTING age and expect Democrats not to encourage illegal aliens to stop voting for Democrat candidates.
no other President ever did this TRUMP is a HERO !!!!!!!!  He doing something about it !!!!!!
#FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway @KellyannePolls #KellyanneConway @POTUS
https://www.facebook.com/ryan.ward.52438174/posts/1668532659860062 …
I am assault weapons now. Reinstate the Brady bill now. Save American lives.
With so much going on, I'd like to say STOP to chem trails everywhere. Let God control what is his. I am going to be praying, and attacking these cancers ruining our existence!! Horrible horrible things. Thank you
I have school 911 control boxs for support. When needed.
kISS expands trust.  KISS is the "BIG BRO/SIS corp"
The KISS solution to school shootings.  BIGBRO/SIS are law enforcement employees, responsible for school safety.  ALso probation officer duties to supervise all k-12 students who have been expelled from school.
#Kentuckylegalizesrape 
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#Kentuckylegalizesrape 
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
Combat Resrvist/Lt Colonel(Ret), Served with a plethora of armed citizen teacher soldiers trained & Combat Ready. Enlist this current cadre of willing defenders at schools; Admin, tchr, etc. Ready, trained, able, and courageous. The Guard/Resrve is there! NOW!! Vigilant Defenders
All this idiotic talk of arming teachers is just a way to avoid talking about the real issue of defining what an AR is when I learned there are many guns that can shoot multiple rounds within minutes all for sole purpose of killing more people.  WHY DOES ANY CIVILIAN NEED THIS?
#BanAR15s #ProtectOurChildren #MSDStrong
Stupid!!!
CORRECTION: "school endangerment"
he is so brilliant!
#DemTrap!
Ban assault weapons. Don’t just talk about doing small things. The next blood will be on your hands.
Told you; To duck an hide! Preibus needs to shut up an duck an hide as well. Any one out of that W.H now, needs to stay low key! Because all hell is going to Break lose with Mueller an u all need to stay out of the Line of fire.
Indeed that was unfortunate but people are in US and other nation in state of fear. The fear driving people  to fear guns is similar fear that that gears those to shoot but its unfortunate.
Yay.  A ban of all semi-automatic weapons, right?  Because he met with smart people that's what they came up with, right?
Could you have the President consider this?
Ah think you've got more to concern yourself with than gold medals how about steel bars your in desperate need of a good lawyer before you get popped under the bus!
YOU ARE TRUMP'S SHOWGIRL!!! I WONDER WHAT ELSE YOU ARE TO TRUMP???
I have an idea...why don't we take 500 million away from Planned Parenthood each year and apply it to protecting our children in school.
Got a better idea,why not get rid of the gun lobbyist and get a congress that has common sense bipartisanship
From his cue card he was holding in his tiny hands that didn’t cover his notes.... I hear you. Epic fail!  Loser!!
He’s a bag of hot air! We all know ( 67% of the USA) that semiautomatic weapons must be banned! Trump & GOP have been bought by the NRA , so we know this will never happen until they are all voted out of office.
#enough
American democracy ? from Barack obama

https://capitalparanaense.blogspot.com.br/2018/02/american-democracy-from-barack-obama.html …
And he tells everyone what to do,.
I cant be bothered tweeting im so hungover plz everyone feel sorry for me 
Kelly-anne, supportively second to the President.FLOTUS is an ambassador of combating School Bullying. Perhaps there is a link between bullying and school gun violence where your departments work together to find a partial solution. Bully Victim or Bully, mental health emphasis.

What a great guy to work for 
Lunatics - birds of a feather do flock together - you’re a worst  liar than the GREAT ORANGE  ONE - WH Crypt Keeper
How many schools, institutions have been affected and yet you now hold a meeting to make you purposeful.... the meetings should have started a long time ago!
No teacher went into education to shoot another person. 
No teacher made the commitment to engage an active shooter.
It’s Trump's job to solve the gun culture/mass shooting environment existing in America. His encouragement of violence helped to create it, after all.
Why more more killing occurs

https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2018/03/05/the-nra-lobbyist-behind-floridas-pro-gun-policies …
#potus #trump #MAGA #news
@realDonaldTrump @nikkihaley @seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @Cabinet
Cool, when’s the one on concert safety, nightclub safety etc?
Lady you better duck an hid! Gate's just Flipped! He was up there close an seen an heard it all! He has a lot or he wouldn't have got that deal! That George P, Mike Flynn an Rick Gates now, an the Attorney! How many going to get caught in Corruption/Lies? YOU?

P
@KellyannePolls moments ago and I quote you Kelly 1 of "The Core Four" pleads guilty . "The Core four " committed treason @funder
Hmmm Half of the core four are in pretty serious trouble Kellyanne. You next?
See dems can't say Trump not reacting and taking action, but pretty sure dems will not like any of his recommendations/solutions cause it's coming from Trump
Waste of time. The NRA owns the Republican Party and will make sure no meaningful legislation comes of this tragedy
If we have to arm our teachers with guns then we’re failing as a society.
Put police offices in every school.  Like a precinct... solves lots of issues.  Think about it!!
how is your day Skeletor?
Another campaign rally?
Lock him up lock him up
Armed with notes so he can pretend to have empathy.
How many Americans were murdered at casinos?
  Churches?
  Shouldn't they be protected?
Trump wants 700,000 teachers carrying guns . . . that's all you need to know about the republican thought process today. Remember Kellyanne Conway was retweeting Putin's State Run Propaganda bots daily. I'm guessing Mueller is coming.
Kellyanne,

Would Donald keep his relationship with the NRA going if Barron Trump had been shot by someone who supports the NRA and the 2nd Amendment?

Barron goes to school like any kid his age, it could have been him. Does that worry you?
The NRA represents ONLY 1.5% OF total Americans!  Less than 2%.  But they own 100% of the White House staff and all of the GOP!  NRA leadership are ALL DOMESTIC TERRORISTS!  LaPierre and Pence are at the top of the list!
Do you think you will share a prison cell with Sarah  Sanders
Arming teachers cmon
Why do you talk like a 5th grade.
Hope this is real news real lower premium no deductibles no copay no cost sharing burdens consumer, no penalty for not having health insurance. Penalty for not having medical and you are healthy Obama Care and Clinton Care Kennedy Care the biggest scam from Democrat government
CBS SUCKS.
Shortly after he repeats a debunked rumor attempting to discredit the victims of #GunViolence to further his NRA funded agenda- we’re still waiting for that retraction @realDonaldTrump #FoxNews

Trending right now on Thread Reader: https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/966854507744374784.html …
Actions!!Not wirds!
Bought and paid for by the NRA!  
Not!! Don't forget as he sits in a " gun free zone"
You call us disrespectful because we think an idea the police say will make profits for gun companies while killing more children is unacceptable?  Please just go home. All of you. Leave our WH and go home!
Didnt hear a single word about safety at schools. Although the dipshite idea of giving teachers guns when they barley have a budget as it is. Has got to be the stupidest thing hes said this week.

Nice to see Pam Bondi next to the Russian operative who sent her campaign money to not prosecute Trump University @RepAdamSchiff @RepSwalwell @RepMaxineWaters #NRABloodMoney

He is in so over his head and he doesn't give a damn about any of us. It's all for show while, behind the curtain, he is dismantling all of our protections and benefits.
You are all dripping with the blood of American children. NRA money and the gun lobby mafia: guns =money. You’re all bathing in blood of US citizens. Ban automatic weapons. Take weapons out of the hands of the insane. #GunReformNow
https://www.facebook.com/denise.cataudella/posts/10212623593083597 …
Yet he refuses to speak with victims of immigration benefit and marriage fraud!!!
FYI, armed teachers are not, I feel, the answer.  No. No. No. Gun control not teachers also carrying guns.
Glad we have Pres Trump leading the school security strategy effort. He’s on the right track about eliminating schools as undefended soft targets. Covertly arm a gun friendly teacher here and their and for Christ sake don’t say the school is a gun free @foxandfriends @EricTrump
Conversation about movies and video games is scary. Can't scoop up every thing into this conversation....

They had a student on Tucker Carlson who want to ask a question and CNN producer said no and they revised the question for him to make it anti gun and he walked out.
ACTION!! Watch Wingnuts FREAKOUT! 
Hey Kelly did you hear about what CNN did at the town hall they wrote the questions for the students#fake news
How stupid.  This is potus? God help us.
Thank You President Trump Love KellyAnne
A sober, respectful meeting.  For once, a President who will make a difference and doesn’t just give a speech and do nothing.
His ideas for schools are a death sentence for thousands of kids. Even sadder knowing the most “intelligent” among you morons probably thought of it, least of all trump.

When someone says there's nothing we can do about gun violence, remind them:
1) Gun laws save lives. 
2) The 2nd Amend was never intended to permit mass slaughter.…
Flapping his gums saying NOTHING.
School safety starts with gun control. Guns do kill. Again and again and again in the United States. But rarely in countries like Japan and Australia, and never at schools in those countries, because they have effective gun control.
IDEA  for protecting students: Non-lethal weapons!  US Army spent millions & developed several effective ones: “net shooter” would be ideal for schools. It will immobilize the criminal & not kill if misused or poorly aimed. Put one in every classroom & train! 

Trump is just so out of touch and has not heard a freaking word anyone has said. #trumpisnuts
What  bullsh*t is Trump spewing now??
HE'S THE ONE WHO REMOVED OBAMA'S MENTAL HEALTH RESTRICTIONS ON GUN PURCHASES!!!
He is not going to do anything they asked for.
He is an NRA whore, and his suggestions are all over the place.
Let's not play. 
BAN AUTO & SEMI AUTO WEAPONS.
So much for "I hear you."  More accurate: "I hear you and I will do what I can to protect the $30mil NRA gave me."
.......killer.........
Great thread. Thank you, CBS
Is Trump a plant. Max Headroom is now obviously running America.


No matter what our president does, the left will go against him & call for his resignation. Sad. Thank you Mr. President.
Sad - Are you giving incentives to teachers to carry guns? Do parents then need to go through sleepless nights worrying about the possibility of a teacher under stress or staff going nuts and use the gun? What about accidents?

https://youtu.be/jyVZUHyp3OE  Armed teachers and security guards can protect our children check out video
Is he actively trying to start a new home schooling movement?
The second amendment is out dated and needs to be changed!
Nobody wants their child to have to have an active shooter drill, yet here we are.
CNN has taken school shooting students hostage, victimizing them, and treats them like robots, scripting their TV interviews, berating legislators, creating more chaos. See items 17,18,19 of 1963 Communist goals to destroy America.
That is really insulting. Why do you assume shooting survivors have no real feelings, no agency, and wouldn’t possibly be against guns?
I wonder what is going to happen with his hair when he is jailed.
What did this bumbling fool say? That this has nothing to do with guns and we should blame porn & video games? That we should arm teachers because the cure to a gun problem is more guns? Regardless of what he said he'll ultimately be giving Wayne Lapierre a tiny-handed hand job.
Thank you Mr President for the leadership, finally.
He’s really trying to fix problems
Way to go president
Thought everything but Fox was “fake new!”
I become more and more amused watching Dotard Trump, a clearly mentally ill person, discuss the problem of mental illness. @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @foxandfriends
Lol he has been tested. Have you?

BTW, Ray, you don't know that the Montreal Cognative Assessment test Trump took is given to kids under 15 and is NOT used for adults? He identified drawing of a cow and a camel and drew a clock
Let me know your score on the same test.  If you call him crazy I just need to know you are not.  I will wait for the middle.

@HARRISFAULKNER @TuckerCarlson @LouDobbs In today's environment, impossible 2 stop those from attempting 2 hurt or kill others by banning guns. Can only curtail by adequate & effective prevention systems such as implemented at airports & govt buildings.
Secure the schools arm the teachers
KAC, Awesome meeting. Great participation !
When was the last time CBS had real journalists and investigative reporting. Look at your replies. No one has an answer to keeping kids alive but attacking the President.
I believe President Trump is the first President taking gun violence in school seriously, he is the first President to hold such listening & talking sessions with real victims & law enforcement agencies.
@cbs @CNN @realDonaldTrump Doing@ore than the Big O ever did
DON'T ARM TEACHERS  .They are not prepared for having to shoot a person like. the law enforcement or the military we are trained . law shoot to stop, military to to kill.
Wow a president that sits down and immediately opens discussions for change instead of just holding a podium address condemning an entire group of ppl! Who would of thought that could happen. Grateful for the effort.
we can always train more for this special work and these dog's are special can sniff out gun powder from one tiny little bullet or explosives. A three legged dog can still work. They are Vets too
@KellyannePolls The time for PC is over. Great statement.


I also agree with the POTUS but would also ad the military dog's we have retired and put a lot of money. the training these dog's have gone through, not the same as police dog's, special and even if they have come back wounded they still can work and want to with there handlers.
Listen to The American People. Listen to the future of America - the students.

Not those GOP folks that receive $$ from your friends at the NRA.

Also don’t listen to the NRA.

The majority of the American People want gun control. Not a half ass political solution.
Here’s a guy who couldn’t make a coherent sentence without someone writing it down for him first. #Impeach45 #dimwit #FakePOTUS
Like YOU can???
But prices are going up on healthcare Trump
.. and by a HUGH majority, most educators find INSANE @realDonaldTrump answer to school shootings IS to arm teachers... Aside from being a LUNATIC, and a Putin puppet, CROOKED @realDonaldTrump is also an @NRA PUPPET...
Go Prez
Now Trump is blaming video games. What's next? Playing Stairway to Heaven backwards made me do it. Talk about avoiding the elephant in the room.
I call BS.  My insurance costs went up 250% this year.
http://Sideshow.As  long as Trump is president,he will continue to take in loads of monies from NRA to grease himself & his failing businesses
Trump wants more guns in school ....BRILLIANT....he has clearly solved the “soft target” issue....so I’m assuming his next call will be for movie theaters with armed ushers, churches with armed pastors and concerts with armed performers and audiences ..that should work
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorTimScott  GOD and the CONSTITUTION have been removed from local schools by our Governments design. What did the arrogant D.C professional politicians replace our most precious guiding principles with? JUDGES and BEAURACRATS.
The only people stupider that Russian bots, are Trump`s evangelical "uneducated".
