If anyone remembers.. McCabe said if he got fired, he would bust the fbi wide open and take them all down with him.. well here we go..

It took me a bit.. but I found it! (had to use @Dogpile search engine.. Google wouldn't bring it up.. go figure)
REPORT: McCabe Threatened To 'Torch The FBI' If Forced Out Of Bureau Without Pension
Google wouldn't bring up because b.s. propaganda
Really? It brings up Stormy Russian porn all the time.. Hmmm strange..
Hmmm, I think that this is deliciously referred to as "eating their own."  Cannabalism = karma.


They r turning on each other! Lol! get The popcorn ready!
Here. We. Go.
Andrew McCabe has a book too?
All God’s children (WASHINGTON DC division) got books.
McCabe and Comey be like...
 Keep on talking! Looking forward to seeing these two liars viciously attack each other. Looking forward to more leaked stories daily, with each other trying to out do each other, to prove their innocence! #LockThemAllUp #FBICORRUPTION #LyingComey #LyingMcCabe
And this is all Trumps fault...his morals are not good enough to run our country, isn't that what you said, Comey? I may not be in law, but thousands of us know liars when we see them, and you top FBI & DOJ are liars, and don't have any room to talk!! Admit to it, will be easier!

Perhaps they can both serve as hostile witness in the other’s trial.
There both liars!
meanwhile...
Catfight!

imagine NOT attending the funeral of a former first lady and instead playing golf being hailed as one of the most compassionate gestures of your presidency
Political snakes trump slowly draining the swamp
Neither is Cohen or Trump...
FLIP COHEN FLIP...
TRUMP ISN'T WORTH JAIL TIME!!
Dirty Donald
Ok, so who leaked to Giuliani! That has not been answered yet, and someone should be held accountable for that....
I would think by now we can conclude that the entire reporting string was and is on cahoots to defeat Trump and now they act like cats,  poop and cover up!
Interesting
#Releasethetexts  No redactions
Kellyanne swipes at Trump
You really can’t make this stuff up. Trump has exposed these people for not having flattering personalities.
You’re an unapologetic IDIOT like the moron you call President. WTH is wrong with you @DanaBashCNN  was not attacking your marriage.  Diverting and attempted to talk over her those unrelated talking points. American people worry because you clowns sit in the seat of government!
You are in the wrong neighborhood~
MAKE KICKING LIBTARDS OUT OF THE NEIGHBORHOOD GREAT AGAIN~
Looks like Comey will need his own GoFundMe account. This is getting ugly  #LeakingClassifiedInfoIsACrime
HAHAHA that's what his #comeybook is for...
Someone tell McCabe we already know that -now tell us something that we don't know, like where did orders to go rogue really come from?
They’re both liars.  FBI and American people better off now that both are gone.
Rats on a sinking ship looking for cover
POTUS, let them keep talking to their demise. 
Rat calling a rat a rat...priceless
Nothing beats the bad cop vs. bad cop routine.
the lying game on steroids ...
@realDonaldTrump @thetimes @nypost @FoxNews @seanhannity @dcexaminer @TomFitton @NYTNational @TruthFeedNews @nytimes @CNN
When you lie you inevitably turn on your mates to save your own bacon - you ain't see nothin yet.

This is sweet rats turning on each other.
Yeah too bad neither is any other #democrat, including #McCabe! #ComeyBook
Hmmnnnn  let the backstabbing begin 

Meow!
HEY McCabe, the time for telling the truth was after you took the oath of office. No, you and that other azzhole Comey started lying from the gitgo.. Maybe if you come clean and tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, your name won't be mud the rest of UR life
...and they begin eating their own...should be fun to watch!
Starting to eat their own.

I love it when two scumbags go at each other. @Comey #McCabe
Comey has never told the truth . Comey and Hillary are a match set. Comey will rue the day he ever got mixed up with Hillary Clinton.
They both lie and have embarrassed themselves while breaking laws, lock them up!
They’re eating each other. 
Ruh-roh! Looks like the dogs are turning on each other...
Need lynch, comey, & mccabe to all be placed under oath at the same Congressional Hearing!  We could balance the US deficit if it was ‘pay-per-view’!
So true!!! 
They are both proven liars, so at this point "What difference does it make?"
New report tonight should be: #ComeyGotLoomerd  @LauraLoomer gave #SlimeBallComey notice, "U getting locked up!" 
In the business where a truth is a lie and a lie is atruth

Talk about fake news Washington examiner
A cat fight may erupt at any time between these two ladies.
Cat fight 
Sorry, I did not hear your negative opinion of Clinton when he was accused of so many rapes.
@Idclair  they begin to eat each other
Like I said McCabe will not go down alone.
He will rat on everbody.

Fight nice, boys.
#Liberals are eating their own as this #CollusionDilusion continues to #Unravel.
Two pathological liars are at each others’ throats.  Who will sing first given a choice of 30 years in Ryker’s in the general population or 10 years at a min secure federal facility??
So unprofessional @KellyannePolls retweets this. LMAO. She is so unprofessional.
Since both are known liars, we can't trust either one!
I just love to watch these "TRAITORS" eat their own  Where are the HANDCUFFS & PERP walks 

Lotta liars out there
Scattering like Roaches
Now this is an interesting match up! I wonder if it can be decided by measuring their noses??
he could actually become a hero if he took all the corruption down with him
Mueller must be losing his mind over all this.....Comey McCabe Lynch.  Fighting each other while President Trump laughs and tweets his ass off....@realDonaldTrump 
Two disgraced ppl who should apologize to every hard working agent at the FBI.

Those men and women still hold true the sacred oath of neutrality in justice!
Thank you Kellyanne an incredible great job you are doing and many Americans love ya for it....Blessings from above 
Media needs to go ape on this information the real truth comes out.

Sorry Comey....your losing cedibility by the hour.
Well Kellyanne if anyone knows about lying it’s you and Spanky.
Bubba looking forward to his homey, Comey....when he gets to prison.
No one is telling truth except POTUS
@cnnbrk @SenateGOP @SenateDems @FoxNews Ok. So Comey and McCabe are verifying each other are liars! Brennan and Clapper are next! Then all of them will rat on Lynch!
2 liars going at each other.
Its like tie their left hands together and give them each a knife
Let these crooks and cons devour one-another. Ultimate sleaze...
Libs eating Libs

AWESOME! N
@KellyannePolls

Lynch also said he's a liar (doesn't means much, she's a liar too)
MSM ignores: 
Soros & Co $ > ratings
to them
Can't miss what's coming next. 
Let's charge McCabe and see how fast he rolls on Comey! Then let's charge Comey and see how fast he rolls on Lynch, Clapper, Brennan, Clinton and Obama!

And I guess you think your boss is ? The whole administration one big joke , even Kellyanne’s own husband don’t believe Trump 
2 leaky liars..disgusting...
Hmmmnn!!!! Maybe they'll take each other down!!!
CYA....get the popcorn! Politicalmania is about to begin! Watch the guilty turn on one another!
Den of thieves turning on each other
CAT FIGHT!
Free entertainment!
Now “they” are turning against each other. Can’t wait till one of them is actually charged with a crime
I hate when friends fall out
Dumb and Dumber finally get caught and charge for STUPIDITY ! @realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine @Liz_Wheeler @LouDobbs @seanhannity @greggutfeld @kimguilfoyle @POTUS @SarahPalinUSA @SaraCarterDC @AnnCoulter @IngrahamAngle @jennfranconews @TomiLahren @HeatherChilders
Have you ever watched a person think they are drowning...?
It’s the worst thing in the world if you’re a lifeguard.... the panic-stricken
victim has no regard for life except their own.... ugly... sad... McCabe... Comey... sickening...
There’s a pair that beats 3 of a kind!
Comey has the height advantage  as he always does ...BUT McCabe is a scrappy dirty fighter in the clinches
You gotta love it when they try to eat their own. Take off the gloves girls and go to it
Takes a liar to know one in this business.
Awesome. Let these two corrupt agents eat each other.

They both lie,
Cat fight cat fight
The inquisitors are turning on each other.
More plausible that both are right.
Comey and McCabe liar personified.
Eat 'em up McCabe. Lol
Hey James Comey your president didn't win. Haha ours did. Haha.
It's a beautiful thing when the Traitors turn on each other~
YES JAMES COMEY IS  KING OF THIEVES. THANKS!
That's obvious
Didn’t he get fired for not being truthful? Why don’t you think we have critical thinking skills?
Break out the popcorn. this is gonna get good.
I don't believe a thing the Washington Examiner prints.
Not exactly what he said. What are your plans when @realDonaldTrump is out?
Lie vs Lie....LoL
Gotta tell the same lie 3 times before it become true!!
I believe they are both liars.
I see you still haven’t revisited that doctor for a redo.
After Alabama it's clear that republicans are prepared to put child molesters in as long as they are Republican, I left my Republican Party the day it went Trump! The US is about to see the largest voter turn out in history! By 2019 Trump will be impeached then indicted!Stay tune
This whole mccabe thing is a big fat distraction! Anyone with faith in this President is looking thru a biased lens, you don't care what's best for the country, you just care that your party is in, that's terrible, democrats have done it in the past but not like the republicans
Conway was just on CNN and completely got schooled by Dana, comical! Kelly is mad that her husbands tweet is more in line with the American public than hers for the criminal in the oval office! 1st us President to b indicted! Watch, bet anyone, impeachment first then indictments!
Andrew's wrong about that. Comey always tells the truth. To Comey, words are like pins on butterflies under glass.
Comey likes his Hoover letters caught & frozen under glass.
I repeat-tweeted to Comey via @FBI that if FBI had spied on MLK, MLK would probably still be alive today.
Comey and McCabe, both liars
Conway, did you tell Buffy what I tweeted you yesterday about the boxing gloves & the "Stop, Look, & Listen" whistle blowing? I'm on referee duty.
FYI, did you know that lead reporters for all 4 DC pro sports teams {Skins, WIz, Nats, Caps} are women? SL&L!
https://twitter.com/arieleast/status/987668302423044096 …
Your headline is false and misleading.
As a neutral observer, it is obvious to me that Trump is the liar, not Comey. Before last year, who would have believed a wheeler-dealer hotel owner against the head of the FBI??
Remember kindergarden....
"I'm gonna tell on you, my Dad's a cop!"
"Oh yeah, my Dad will beat you up if you dare!"
Waaaa........Waaa..... Mommie!

That much is obvious. #RaiseYourRightHand here’s a Bible, #ComeCleanSaboteur
The swamp is draining!
Oh I do believe that. Comey is a lying sack of shiiiii
He must have learned that from you , Fox News and the biggest liar your Boss !!
Don't you mean "Excellent, Smithers, eeexcellllent."
Fun fun- FBI attacking FBI. This is what happens when we don't follow the rule of law for everyone. Dirty top officials.
Really

@KellyannePolls Hideous........
Kellyanne Conway tried stand up comedy at a charity event in 1998 — and it was spectacularly awkward 
Only @KellyannePolls, the Queen of Lunacy, would tweet this, thinking this puts her boss in an honorable and upright position. Talk about alternative facts...
Lolol

Fake Russian president rewards his attorney with 3 FBI raids. What are his plans for you?
Cat fight!
No? Really? What was your first clue? His lips were moving????
Who will turn on who first?
Both of them have to know that this sort of bickering only muddies both of their stories (likely neither is true) and helps #POTUS show them for the hacks they are/were. They can't blame anyone for the inevitable reckoning (and charges?) but themselves #MAGA2018
Liars lie, or it takes one to know one.
Bigger question is who is telling by the truth, we already know Collusion was a fake theory, Dossier was fake, Comey, Macabe, Yates, Lynch, BOHO, Clapper etc all are hiding the truth, #FakeNews etc etc... Is Trump hatred the 'way forward'? #MAGA rise above this madness.
How would you ever know which liar is telling the truth?????
I made this little gem a month ago. It looks like it will come to pass. 

DUH.....

I think we know who can get to the bottom of this.. @samwaterston   It saddens me that this guy is a LIBERAL...  Just doesn't make sense...
It makes perfect sense
It doesn't matter that you don't believe in God Max... He believes in you... Even with all that mess you seem to have given yourself. :)
Good thing there’s no god :)
Two Banana Republicans at odds with each other. What else is new.
Sounds like Dictator Donald,  who couldn't tell the truth if it fell on his head.  #worsepresidentever #ImpeachmentNow @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
@KellyannePolls you said country over party. Why is it then, that you cover for trump whatever he does. I know, I know you believe in alternative facts (lol) but accuse everybody else of lying. You and @PressSec enable this man child president, without any moral and ethics.
Finally, @JamesComeyFBI admits it. 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5634373/Ex-FBI-director-James-Comey-confirms-deep-state.html …
The problem is not that this group exists (as long as it acts legally) but that its members feel so superior to deplorable electors and founding fathers that they think they could override democracy.
No one at that level was telling the truth.
Oh he’s telling the truth. Run 

Two LIARS, Two THIEVES.
I guess one refuses to fall on the sword for another
How could we believe either one of them. I also have a problem with lower levels that did nothing to stop this. 
   
Fire Sessions
Hire Bondi
Start Clinton Gate NOW!
Neither one of you jokers are telling the truth
Popcorn!
Rats have a peculiar smell
All the lying crooks starting pointing the finger at each other...priceless

Since the trump regime doesn't like or trust either, then what does it matter to you?
How’s interesting can it get?  They were colluding in the past but now they are throwing one another under the bus.
Don't they make good jail mates. Time for DC DOJ to do it's job and give the American people equal justice under the law.
We know that, but WHEN will he be changed for lying to Congress?
Hey Conway you have no morals when it comes to lies.
Oooh.   Drama at the highest levels of the FBI??  Surely not.
The  always come out when the pressure is overbearing,feed this  a plea bargain we get the whole deal!!!
