Addiction starts on the doctors prescription pad, not in the streets...
A lot of it does, but the fentanyl scourge is coming from street level dirtbags killing thousands of those who are addicted to prescription drugs.
True. In 2017 I buried 10 friends from overdoses. All of them started with Percocet, and Xanax. The problem is big pharma runs our healthcare system. They don't make cures they make drugs and only care about the dollar.
it's 100x worse than the gun issue right now. 60,000 died last year alone. 11.5  million misused prescription opioids, 165 people die every Day in opioid-related deaths. Affects, rich, poor, young and old, every race, color, creed.
People don't really understand the epidemic in philly, until you take them under the el into Kensington and they see tents lining the streets and needles everywhere
I know about here in Philly and the great work by local groups to save lives with Narcan while politicians slowly get to this national disaster. It's getting worse in every city, yet no one marches to help stop it
Out your suppliers today!
Lol what.    Laughing
TY sweet!
Lol read what you typed again.... Looked like you were telling the White House to reveal drug dealers.
duh, but you know what I meant
I'm still giggling

There is ALSO a crisis for patients with severe intractable pain, who now have NO quality of life without access to life-saving Rx opioids!
I was going to share but I just got picked up by a publisher to tell my whole story. Like an accident that happened after someone threatened by life at a Tea Party Rally and crash my child was paralyzed and with a broken neck and organs in bags outside her body, thats to start.
Most people take opioids properly-prescribed by their Dr. The REAL issue is people, who don't need it, going to the streets to get drugs. When you do that you don't know what you're buying/ingesting. Typically, it's Fentanyl laced. That is the TRUE reason for the OD epidemic.
do you know how addictive prescribed opioid is. a majority of addicts of harder opioid abusers start with them being addicted to the medication in the first place
I take them...I'm not addicted. Do not blame the substance when it is the person who chooses to misuse them. It all comes down to accountability and your response is exactly why there is a problem. You blame the drug not the people with freewill to make decisions. Enough said.
and i am talking about people that just use opioid pain killers because those group of opioid are literally heroine in a pill. people do become addicted to it and not on their own whim.
I call bullcrap. Unless someone had a gun to their head & forced to ingest opioids or injected with opioids by force..people CHOOSE to use/abuse opioids. Why are you taking responsibility away from the user & placing it on the medicine? Similar to alcohol...some people abuse it.
addiction doesn't work like that especially with opioids. it starts with people who start using it because it was prescribed to them and like i said just because it hasn't happened to you doesn't mean it hasn't happened to other people.
You keep making excuses. There's no explanation that negates the fact that people make the choice to over medicate, doctor shop, and/or head to the streets. "Heroin in a pill" is basically Methadone a drug used 2 get people off heroin but people abuse it regularly by CHOICE!
and you are a horrible excuse for a human. do you even think of what pain people on pain medication go through to even becoming addicted to it i have friends who have died because the pain never goes away
Addiction is horrid, yes, but these policies do more harm than good because they restrict access to medication that those w/chronic pain need in order to function. Go after abusers & enforce the current laws - don’t continue to harm those who live, somehow, with daily pain.
I agree with that but it doesn't have to be like that and the ones who got their hands in this crime need to stop this,you can point the finger all you won't.But we know who is really involved in letting drugs come in America.all  drugs Senator get your hands out of the jar.
Debbie Wiseman maiden name of herself and Alexandria Virginia herself made a deal with Obama from frumpy a hundred million dollar bribe lost in courts with over over 350 black cult members were found in fired and sentenced to death with TD Bank
When drugs were only about the minorities it wasn't much of a problem. Just say no embodied it. Now as a white man disease we're all chicken little and the sky is falling. Get a grip. Like AIDs It was always a problem. The republicans,  always late to reality.
But Mr President, no one is forcing those pills down anyone's throat.   When will we hold individuals responsible for their actions .
So many reasons to #LegalizeIt. #OpioidCrisis
I want to hear more about the illusive facts @KellyannePolls has tying sanctuary cities to the opiod epidemic. 
#KellyanneLeaks 
#CorruptGOP 
#TrumpCrimeFamily
Ann Coulter's best column yet! http://www.anncoulter.com/columns/2018-03-28.html#read_more … Trump needs to be blasted out of the INSULATED SWAMP BUBBLE he's placed himself in and RECOGNIZE that HIS BASE--or probably more accurately, FORMER BASE--is NO LONGER FAWNING OVER HIM! This isn't winning Donald! #NoDACA #Wall


How much are we spending on mental health again...
So are there any prostitutes in the White House peeing on each other right now and are these prostitutes from Russia? Does gladimir Putin have tapes on this.. or I'd like to see the tapes at stormy has...
You are a sick woman.
HELP FOR : @KellyannePolls , @AnnCoulter , @IngrahamAngle .
How about people taking responsibility for their own actions. That would be a mighty change if that happend. But they dont. Just blame it on something else, drugs or guns, what does it matter.
Stop making up numbers that don't excist with this fake opioid scenario! These agencies need to fight more against herion and cocaine and other illegal drugs! It's like they can't stop street drugs so they go after what they can control pharmaceutical industrys!
.

    COLLUSION - DISTRACTION 

      courtesy:The White House.
I want to hear more about the illusive facts @KellyannePolls has tying sanctuary cities to the opiod epidemic. 
#KellyanneLeaks 
#CorruptGOP 
#TrumpCrimeFamily
why are you so jealous of Hillary has been ?
This is stupid. You talk about ending the stigma, but Trump himself kept smooching the ass of the Philippines' mini-strongman Duterte for his policies of executing addicts. Specifically for those shit policies.

Kellyanne Conway's husband has begun deleting a series of tweets he posted in the past month that are critical of President Trump https://cnn.it/2GDo893  
Chronic pain patients are not drug addicts or criminals! We have tried alternative meds & therapies that do not give us quality of life. I had to submit to random drug screenings & pill counts & I have never abused my meds or failed a screening yet my meds are being taken away!
Kratom is a natural and effective substitute for mild-moderate pain. Aside from personal experience and those of millions of others, there are many case studies reflective of this. I'd look into it.

Just be sure to weed through the negative hype- Big Pharma doesn't like losing $
#1 Heart Disease-nicotine big factor.#2 Cancer-nicotine big factor.#3 COPD- Nicotine Huge Factor. Nicotine brings in tax dollars and promotes bad health. Fix that 1st. Then move on to #4 Motor vehicle accidents and  unintentional drug overdoses & suicide. Fix this easily.
Fact: Most Americans cannot deal with the current reality in the U.S. without self-medicating. Cut drugs out of American life and the suicides hidden in drug overdoses will quickly become apparent. Do you want that information out there @WhiteHouse?
Pretty sure tobacco killed more. And it is a Government sysidized crop. Shameful and no one is taking it on. Wake up!
Yes, opioid users, out yourself to the White House so they can come and take away your kids and put you in prison.
Opioid production and selling creates JOBS. Donald Trump is a JOB KILLER.
Ilegal drugs did. What you are doing to veterans and civilians by taking away pain meds is criminal. You are killing more veterans by denying pain relief by making them turn to street drugs.
You can thank the Drs for this they want to give pills for hangnails they are legalized drug pushers and should be punished as such. They don't want to give you an antibiotic to help you get well but they sure pass out the drugs.
Opioids are tightly wound together with #PsychiatryKills and #BigPharma
Opioids ---> 

Russia is a priori guilty. West trust only those who can strike them in the face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aaKi1Oxj1Q …
I have 2 children from my 1st marriage.  We divorced because he couldn't get sober.  Years later, during Christmas break, my kids were at their dad's house.  He O.D.ed on pills.  I had to pick up my kids and explain to them (10&7yrs) why they'll never see their dad again.
#SPANKIE #STORMY #MAGA
# MAGA Hon. Trump 8 yrs.
Regulate the pharm industry.
And #kratom is what will save this country from a complete #OpioidCrisis demise! Wake up! #kratomsaveslives
How about STDs from small weiners ?
Maybe legalize marijuana

Does POTUS know how we Senior Citizens are suffering with increase in costs of our health insurance. I am a widow and can hardly keep my roof over my head. I am a retired nurse and can't afford my arthritis medicine
Robert Mueller please hurry up
So you’re going to restrict opioids?  Awesome, use the same logic on gun control!
There you go, again! Clouding the issue with hard facts. Which are to democrats what sun light is to a vampire.
Protect our country from opioids and build the wall.
Tweets by Trump haters r ignorant, hateful & pathetic on very serious issue. I invite you to meet with friends who sent their daughter off to college & got a call 3 mos later telling them she was dead of overdose.Would u say same things to their faces?
What are we going to do to stop the loss??
A crisis created by Big Pharma and the elected officials they bought and paid for.
and trump has killed the spirits and dreams of more Americans in one and a half years than ALL of the past Presidents combined !!!!  Woe be to him when he meets the Lord at his day of reckoning.
& how many people has TRUMP killed!!! How many deaths in  from TRUMP not giving no more , how many kids & BLACK lives lost from violence
Oliver North was part of Noreiga's drug cartel!
  He was defended by Jay Sekulow!
  Sekulow is now defending Trump!
  What stigma?
Yet the Dems and the Republican leadership don't want to secure our southern border. Drugs and criminals just keep waltzing right in. It's time to send troops to the border to protect American lives. A national security threat.
.

 The Collusion - Diversion Game

Played by the "White House".
Big Pharma (like the NRA) has a pretty good choke hold on Washington.  Why not do something about it?
...yes, share your story so we know where you are, we’ll “help” you, have the perfect location...PRISON...#grabpussy
More #children were killed by #guns since #SandyHook than #American #soldiers abroad since #9-11 #BANAssaultWeapons #neveragain #NOMORE #VoteThemOUT #opioids AND #machineguns kill our #families because of #NRA & #Pharmaceutical #lobbies (SWAMP)
Here’s US story: @KellyannePolls says eat a fry.
Two woman worthy the Nobel Peace Prize 2018 (to share) is @TaranaBurke and @Emma4Change . The motivation is obvious. Two revolutionaries which contributes to world peace. #svpol @NobelPrize @NobelPeaceOslo @NobelCommittee @UNPeacekeeping #Peace #metoo  #NRA #MarchForOurLives
I wish HS kids cared enough about this crisis to have a march. The numbers are just staggering;  you are way more like to know someone affected by opioids than a mass shooting.   But as the old news adage says;  “if it bleeds,  it leads”.
Drugs don't kill people, bad peoples using them do! Why the need to regulate them.
Hey all

It's  personal profile.........http://cparain.go2cloud.org/aff_c?offer_id=149&aff_id=4253 … opnfnl
Don't worry its totally free no charge any cc to  my profile. I'm  for you on my profile text me on there.
Like opioids and cars, guns are dangerous. Glad to see you finally admit it.
Check it out! i will create 10 animated logo intro video for $5 on #Fiverr
Build the wall.
want a story, big pharma + kick backs to dealer clinics, hospitals, doctors + pharmacies . America's cartel
Legalizing marijuana would do a lot to stop this problem from creating new pill addicts that eventually turn to opioids! Legalize!!!
Why don't you start graphing the stats from each type of opiate rather than bunching them all together for a change so we can see where the biggest problem is. Prove to me it's pain pills taken by those with the RX and taken properly as proven by urine tests.
You want people to go public without giving them funding to work their way back from their addiction?
The drug didn't kill them, the people who took the drugs killed themselves.

Who is a sexual predator?
We must stop the madness....
It's been said that religion is the opiate of the masses.
Maybe, just maybe the fact that the Christian right has fully embraced an immoral and un-Christian president has turned off enough people to the point where they have to find a substitute in opioids. 
The opioid epidemic is caused by the pharmaceutical companies wanting to make money.  And doctor over prescribing them.  What is more upsetting is all the school shootings!!  Drugs are a choice, being shoot in school isn’t.  #guncontrol
I personally love opioids. Having surgeries, I  don't know I could have got through them without them. But, in the end, I  saved enough of them to get beyond the pain, just in case. I took personal responsibility for them, as I suspect my physician expected me to. Suck it up.
On Opioids Issue: there is alternative medicine, yoga, meditation, as an alternative to pain medication. VR also works to ease pain or to get rid of pain.

Dopeheads are making the cartels wealthy. We need to end drug use, cut the demand, dry up the cartels and their ilk!
@davidhogg111
@KellyannePolls 

Don't care
to put a unknown substances in their veins
they are no loss to society 

Why pretend different ???
THIS IS NAZI CHIT
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Indiana Gov. Eric Holcomb signed a new law that will require medical providers who treat women for complications arising from abortions to report detailed patient information to the state.
@MarshaBlackburn they are pointing their finger at you
Which opioid or opiate (there is a difference), Heroin? Fentanyl? Oxycodone? Or Hydrocodone? If its either of the first two then the government made that happen. If its the last two then Medical Society is responsible by forcing docs to Rx in the 1990’s.
Here’s an idea; let’s just blame everybody, including God & Satan. Now what?
Here's a thought, how about taking away all the OPIOIDS instead of all the guns, the U.S. defense & personal protection.
Yes and the answer is not to jail or murder them
If you don't go after the Drug companies then this is all bs
V9osszo kzzzyzzfd8zzau6Aziz vs zetaa6z5sass
What about the crisis of severe pain? What are they supposed to do?
They give out opioids easier than your actual prescription provided, and heroine is another story
If u dont cut it off at its source (mexico) you will never win
Why isn't the Govt funding more treatment centers?
ok, good, so no reason to worry about gun control..
,Poll: Trump's job performance rating drops  
President Trump's approval rating dropped to its lowest level in months, according to a poll released Tuesday. Public Policy Polling, a left-leaning organization, found Trump has an approval rating of 39%
,Trump Foolishly Thinks He Can Solve the Opioid Crisis With Zero Cash and a Dumb Ad Campaign
Where's your statement on Duncan Hunter misusing CAMPAIGN DONATIONS - spending over $130,000 on BOOZE?
There is no boundaries for anybody to become a drug addict.Out of all opioids Heroin is the worst.Heroin dependency has an easy  enterence but No http://Exit.My  country Myanmar is still  facing such regrettable situations.
My brother died of acute opiate intoxication in 2003 at the age of 30.
So much fucking bullshit.. this is a smokescreen tactic
Opioids, like infrastructure, is just a trump talking point.  When it comes to ponying up the money, trump will conveniently change the subject to some other controversy he’s created.  Trump’s America!
The current WH administration is driving all of us to self-medicate.

So ignore gun violence? Got it

I’m an evangelical. Forgiveness crimes through repentance. Repentance requires confession and contrition. He has produced only arrogant denial. Please do not distort the gospel to defend an immoral leader and deceive your audience.
NO, NO It effects only stupid people who do not want to work and think that your tax money should also be used for there wrong lives choices. They are trash and we need to put them where they belong. Remember, we know how to abort babies by the millions. +Donald Trump+Pence
Federally legalize medical cannibals so there is a safer alternative for Dr's to prescribe.
Simple solution, hold presribers and manufacturers accountable for death or injury.

I want to sincerely thank all the “Family Values Voters”  still supporting Trump for finally admitting all their moral outrage at Democrats over the last 3 decades was total bullshit. You really had me going there!
Sounds like they are saying white people
How many babies aborted At 1.5 billion ?
Yeah, where's the March for Our Lives chumps addressing underage drinking, drug use and recklessness?  Oh, I guess school wouldn't be much fun then huh?
More proof that we need a boarder but the Democrats who think they are compassionate won’t help.
Trump's team member Kellyanne solve the problem with French fries and ice cream. Trump is winning so that can be check off the list of America s problems.
But pot is ok , even though it is proven to lead to harder drugs such as these. You want to legalize pot and then use my tax dollars to fight this crisis. Yes I know some get addicted through doctors treatment, but not all.#gatewaydrugsshouldbeillegal
Medical cannabis cures opioid addiction.
Here 1)
And here 2)
My story is I'm a person that has chronic pain
severe arthritis in my right ankle  it makes walking difficult & painful
opioid pain medication helped me for 4 years made my life better
I never abused them in any way
now I feel like a drug addict criminal
but I support @POTUS 100%
So you are going after the pharmaceutical companies right?
To combat the #opioidcrisis: #1. Should be to bring criminal charges against drug company CEOS for illegal distribution of narcotics.
Gun laws NOW so addicts can’t get them..
You're off to a great start Trump is having a memorial in April, problem solved. This is just another reason GOP is on its way out. How about impeaching Trump
How about acting like an adult?  As the parent of a recovering opiod addict I appreciate the attention Trump is bringing to the problem.  He is doing a lot more than the previous administration.
Marijuana Prohibition drives opioid crisis. End the stigma and pot shaming of anyone choosing cannabis over benzos or opioids or alcohol. FYI Prohibitionists will cost GOP the majority. The future doesn't belong to Prohibitionists; they are our wasteful past. #DrainTheSwamp
#LegalizeMarijuana
@realDonaldTrump's love of Putin and the GOP's complacency has necessitated the mass consumption of opioids by America
Repeal 2A
W A R N I N G ! ! ! ! 
BEWARE
the #MedPharmComplex
READ the #MedPharmMemo!
Thanks for addressing opioids. When are you going to do something to end gun violence?
Legalize Cannabis

Democrats and Soros are pushing gun control instead of helping stop drug dealers and gangs. Democrats must be getting a kick back.
Here's a crazy idea.....End the full throttle attack on the nonlethal (and in many cases healthy alternative to Opioids) marijuana led by Trump and AG Sessions and turn the federal focus onto the actual opioids. Thank you.
Can affect any American? Maybe, but a bit of self-control and personal responsibility goes along ways. #addictioniseasy
The Mediterranean region contains the earliest archeological evidence of human use; the oldest known seeds date back to more than 5000 BCE in the Neolithic age[8] with purposes such as food, anaesthetics, and ritual.
So are you comparing the deaths of 1 tragedy vs the next?

Some would say any deaths resulting from opioid, guns, tobacco, alcohol is bad.
with that analogy- they have to include suicide...............by gun.
They did. Read it again it says either not combined.
So @WhiteHouse suggesting that we shouldn’t bother with car and gun deaths cause they’re less people dying than from opioids? Gun deaths don’t need to happen if safety laws were stronger, like with cars.
Alcohol killed twice that many...
Guns and drugs are both equally deserving of the White House's attention. It's too bad most of the government, including you, are bought and paid for by the NRA.
Why not start with the Pharma groups to help the cause.   While you are at it get them to provide affordable drugs as they do in Mexico & Canada
I've survived, so far. I've been on Suboxone since 8/24/2017 and today I'm out of options,got down to 2mg a day and thanks to SSI screwing up my Medicare.I'm doing this last 2mg cold turkey. I refuse to lose, wish me luck. I survived heroin, Fentanyl and illegals.I'll never give
How is this possible? Are opioids not already heavily regulated and in most most cases of abuse illegal and punishable? Sounds really similar to another hot topic..No?
Great let’s stop all killers:  really fund opioids treatment, enforce driving laws and ban military style assault rifles, enforce mandatory background checks, raise age for purchase, ban multi bullet cartilages and reject all NRA funding.  I should not have to live in fear.
When will we some action from this Whitehouse on Opiods?  All you do is talk and post!
When the government gets involved in anything  they screw it up. I have a feeling pain management patients and people who actually need medication will suffer do to government ignorance. I expect suicide rates to rise when people can not get relief from pain. Is that the plan?
We finally have a real President who is protecting the welfare of the American citizens. Awesome job Mr Trump!!
DACA DACA DACA
Thank you Trump for all you do!  Trump is the best President our country has ever had!  We love Trump!
Build the wall
Wall and landmines you did the solution
"any American", .... like a President ?
Tell this to all of the marchers.  This could be a cause they have a chance at winning
and if the gov't catches you with illegal opioids Trump wants to put you to death!
We all hope @KellyannePolls gets the help she desperately needs
When are you going to go after the big drug pushers and dealers? Big Pharmacy has been shoving these addictive drugs down everyone's throat for years. They're complicit
Nice diverse ad
#NRA doesn't kill #OpioidCrisis does #2A
Why don't u spend the time getting on the SAME page as your Husband, Kellyanne! Before your Marriage goes down the Tubes like Jr. Trumps is an like Melania's will when this is done an Said!
#SexualPredatorTrump
#sexualpredatorBillClinton
@VP @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr
But that is a small fraction of leading causes of death.  Health care and research would save more lives.
Big pharma has turned this country into a bunch of pill heads. They use tactics started by street drug dealers. Most of the doctors of today only know how to use a prescription pad, and nothing else. If seen waiting rooms that looked like an AA meating...
Tweeting about the opioid problem isn’t fixing the situation! What is this admins solution? Big Pharma is the problem, go after them!
No, doctors are the problem.
Ice cream and cake for everyone said the mad queen.
Its not just the opioids but pill in general. There's no difference between illegal drugs, and prescribed pills. Theres over 50 commercials a day about the lates new pill. Where there’s 100s of side effects, like death. Advertised on a daily basis.
Yeah and alcohol killed more and your stats on gun deaths are way off too!! Just more fake news to deflect
All Righty!
The key point is that guns have no other significant purpose than  killing,  as opposed to cars which transport most of the nation, and  opioids which legitimately ease pain for many with valid prescriptions.  The 15,549 gun deaths were 100% avoidable. #CrisisinWhiteHouse
Please explain how the gun deaths would be  % avoidable.
