who cares about who slept with who what where. The only thing people care about is keeping United States safe and secure
Yes these are the next generation of world politics. politeness humble is a best quality punctual honest kind God bless them.
I hope you believe that for all children. As much as you do for THESE! #AMERICAMATTER maga 
What a joke. Such a fake. Did 0, zip, nada
You threw them away the second they left the building and your NRA buddies came calling to show you who was in control here (hunt, not you - rather them and their sponsor Vlad Putin).
You are not listening to Jesus .....why did you sign the Omnibus bill? That was wrong...

Mr President. Will history record you, your Presidency, the Trump family moving humanity closer to collaboration or closer to destruction? I believe you (The Trump Dynasty) will be recorded by history reflecting the former.
They remember the you chose there is no them dumbfuck
Vote trump
"The shooter pulls the trigger. We the people put the gun in his hands."

Words spoken by the father whose 14 year old daughter, a Parkland high school student, was murdered in her classroom.

#MAGA - racist dog whistle
Are you remembering them today on #NationalSchoolWalkout...or NRA got your tongue?

Well, you just  let them down. You called out others and said they were afraid of the NRA. You are far more gutless and afraid than they are. You are in a position to make changes and you wimped out. SHAMEFUL!
Support @BoykinForHouse @PeterBoykin
http://crowdpac.com/c/peterboykin 
District 58 NC House Candidate
The real risk for any NRA supported Senator, is the masses of Students, Teachers, Parents joined together having their say with their VOTE.
No Problem Pres. They won't let you forget them.March 24th, you'll hear them regardless of where you are. They are our Millennials, and they will not tolerate Gov Scott's dismissal of them by solving gun problem with more guns....

Just because you have a gun does not mean you will kill another Human, but when you have an Abortion you just " KILLED " another Human. 
Raise the age to get an Abortion to never.    Abortion…
Thank you Mr. President You're doing a great job.
Hey what a great idea Trump to Arm the teachers, and why not the janitors and don't forget the principal and secretaries, hell just arm the whole dam school dumbow!!!
CALLING ALL TRUMP SUPPORTERS - STAND TALL, STAND STRONG, REMAIN RESOLUTE, BE PATIENT HAVE FAITH - GOD IS ON OUR SIDE - DONALD TRUMP IS PRESIDENT BUT THERE IS STILL MUCH WORK TO BE DONE - TO RENEW YOUR FAITH- Read "TRUMP KEEPING THE DREAM ALIVE" & RT
lol

just lol
#FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway @KellyannePolls #KellyanneConway @POTUS
And did nothing, your such a phoney
No disrespect to you president Trump but the Parkland shooting was not Nicholas Cruz. You even have a teacher explaining that it was somebody in full gear .    You have footage of four or five people in full gear putting something in a white pickup truck.
"BULLLLSHIIITTTTT!!!!!!!!" @TheNihilist10
Ahh.. I remember when Obama was president:,( miss those days.
UHAVE NO IDEA WHAT PAIN IS, BUT YOU WILL BE FORCED TO LEARN PAINFUL LESSONS! THEY WILL COME FOR U UNAWARE. U WILL SUFFER, SLOWLY DYING, AFTER KILLING ALL YOUR FAMILY. THAT'S WHAT GOVERNMENT GAVE ME--A LIFE OF HELL. THEY R COMING FOR ME. YOU OFFEND QUEEN NOOR. U TOOK MINE, NOW DIE
WE ALWAYS SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP!
!
Ow we will see if NRA blood money means more than children’s lives
Your all talk and no action! Tell the NRA To Take a Hike! Man up!
Then why don't we ALLOW concealed carry by adults in schools?!?! Hell, kids used to bring their own rifles to school!!... Also, NOBODY EVER mentions SSRIs and State Care ALMOST ALWAYS being the primary factors for the kid "losing it" in the 1st place. Hmm, I wonder why?
The PROBLEM IS, the MENTALLY ILL, NOT the SANE gun owners. SANE gun owners AREN'T out killing innocent people. It's the WHACKOS that do that. Check and see what political party that florida shooter was on?
Double flip flop. You care for no one except yourself and your money. The goddess throws karma at people like you.
Maybe it’s time to give the teachers a voice as well!  Ask the teachers what we want!
I find that more than just a little dubious!  After all, I have trouble believing you can remember what you had for breakfast with that tiny, squishy, rotted brain of yours.

Until you met with the #NRA and got that #NRABloodMoney
I hear you
Hahaha
Taking gums first and then due process, come on mr. President, you have lost my vote I will not vote for you if you run again.
Yes then u lied to them, said u would have bans and age limit and now said no restrictions. So he lies to our face and turns around and does nothing! He is an ugly shell of a person!
Where's your promised Executive Order banning bump stocks as promised 1 1/2 weeks ago.  #GunContolNow #banbumpstocks

Unborn in the womb. Is the most violent thing that can occur. Please . Send a message to the world.


1)put police marked car @ school 2) Provide all school employees with 'panic button' necklace 3)if danger press panic button alert officials
I’m just so ashamed in you. How do you meet with these victims, hear their stories, and not want to take action?
Yes sir you are right
Please don't let them Down like you do us everyday
So what’s the plan ?  

Tick tick....tock....

#BlueTsunami is the plan
When purchasing a firearm: One must have character references of at least two people which will be: liable/accountable for any wrong doing/ criminal act of that firearm sold privately or commercially.
Please talk to parents who have at risk boys for the full story.
and how many of them raised their hands when asked about arming teachers? and to be clear, you didnt specify only those with military training
You made it easier for the shooter to get the gun when you rolled back Obama's protections for making it harder for mentally ill people to get guns. You don't care about student or teacher lives or you would support better gun regulations and not accept $3 million from the NRA.
Why are citizens who have questions about the inaccuracies of the facts made out to be nuts rather than addressed with irrefutable proof?
I don't trust police and federal agents to protect anyone. Specialy when these shootings seem to happen directly after drills for the exact circumstances. Why are the investigations kept in secret?
Then pass gun control and safety and get machine guns out of 18 years olds hands. Since you announced your not scared of the #NRA
I expect you to remember those words
Mr President, Sir - everybody is born fearless until somebody teaches them fear - only as a marine or seal do people unlearn fear, and remember fearlessness, still waiting to join you sir
Donald awsome just keep doing what you do
Mr. President, I support your proposals for safer schools. I am also disgusted with gun-grabbers who have armed bodyguards. Why do they think that their lives are worth saving while the rest of us are expected to go unprotected?They are the elite?
I need some advice from u mr trump
Please help me siria country
Hey #TrumpTrain @PeterBoykin is Officially Announcing His Campaign to Run For NC House District 58
This years #MidTerms lets get together and #MAGA for Everyone
@PeterBoykin is Officially Announcing His Campaign to Run For NC House District 58 #MAGA for Everyone https://www.pscp.tv/w/bWN-KjFZTEVKTkdsR0p2RU58MVBsS1FYbm1rWG54RUnt_S5mJWHEtCrnIzoDBn_6WlUBnmPVTXHSsuesm307 …
Have you ever thought of what if your daughter, son, or even grandson or granddaughter got involved in this violent situation and got shot? If you have a right brain to think about it deeply, you wouldn’t be able to say ‘more guns needed to protect them from threads’.
Let’s ban premeditated video games that are violent like Grand Theft Auto, parents need to be roll models for kids by not drinking excessively and partying in front of kids- too many teens are now vaping using JUUL and putting drugs in the vape.  Let’s not just educate but model!
So tweeting about keeping our kids safe...If you are interested in our kids safety Then why did he make this insane comment on kids safety..
Just remember that a person with a regular gun doesn't have hardly a chance to win going up against an A R 15.
Hey #TrumpTrain @PeterBoykin is Officially Announcing His Campaign to Run For NC House District 58
This years #MidTerms lets get together and #MAGA for Everyone
@PeterBoykin is Officially Announcing His Campaign to Run For NC House District 58 #MAGA for Everyone https://www.pscp.tv/w/bWN-KjFZTEVKTkdsR0p2RU58MVBsS1FYbm1rWG54RUnt_S5mJWHEtCrnIzoDBn_6WlUBnmPVTXHSsuesm307 …

Did you need a visual reminder to tweet this too?
Join us at #March4Trump March 4th 2018 Lincoln Memorial 11am
Free Tickets https://www.eventbrite.com/e/march4trump-2018-in-dc-tickets-42379265524 …
Info? MagaFirstNews@gmail.com
Enough BS METAL DETECTORS WOULD STOP ALL THIS.  SOME PLACES HAVE THEM!  OH YEAH ONE ONE KNOWS!  BECAUSE THEY ARE NOT TARGETS!
THIS SHOULD OF HAPPENED YEARS AGO.  NOW THESE SCHOOL SHOOTINGS ARE BECOMING NORMAL.
Join us to #March4Trump in @WashingtonDC at @LincolnMemorial 11am March 4th!
Please consider chipping in
Président TRUMP said, he does not need NRA, that' a good news, but why is he waiting for another election to blow them up ? Ooooh, I am so naïve ! 





Yeah the padded questions from the media were really Great.  Stop the madness and put armed guards in all the schools.  We have them everywhere else. #no gunfreezone
If it means more gun control your sadly mistaken. I will lose all respect for you me president. I have liked and stood up for you this whole time but if you push for more gun control you will lose my respect and vote in 2020. Criminals don't follow laws no law will fix this.

Blame oversheltering mothers. Every case the same. Boys not prepared to face the world. Suicide w/attention.
But gun control IS NOT the answer. Criminal control IS the answer. ENFORCE THE LAWS!
So you're saying less guns means less safety? That's backwards af...
if you really care then harden the target. Don’t try to take away our guns.
And then he took back all the things he said he would do; 21 to buy a gun, ban assault weapons. He is the worst President in America’s history and you are a lying Press Secretary that no one respects. Go back to your family and talk to your children about why u lie
Hmn..
Please don't back down on plan to raise age to 21. 18 year old boys dont need assault weapons! (no one does). Please pressure congress to take this up. It's a small, reasonable step that could help a lot. @IvankaTrump @FLOTUS
Then we need to erradicate the CIA psyops, by exposing the Deep State's Luciferian pedophiles and Spirit Cookers. 

 Also, expose 5G SMART Grid. 5G will eliminate ALL INTERNET PRIVACY.  It is the biggest threat to us and our loved ones. RFID CHIPS too.
This is the New World Order
On behalf of every dead kid resulting from school shootings from guns you and your NRA buddies value over the kids’ lives—Get fucked.
Came with a selution no more bla
Tell GOP members to stop taking NRA money...you all have blood on your hands.Donald Trump accepted $30 Million dollars from NRA.


Just because you have a gun does not mean you will kill another Human, but when you have an Abortion you just " KILLED " another Human. 
Raise the age to get an Abortion to never.    Abortion…
Hey #TrumpTrain @PeterBoykin is Officially Announcing His Campaign to Run For NC House District 58
This years #MidTerms lets get together and #MAGA for Everyone
@PeterBoykin is Officially Announcing His Campaign to Run For NC House District 58 #MAGA for Everyone https://www.pscp.tv/w/bWN-KjFZTEVKTkdsR0p2RU58MVBsS1FYbm1rWG54RUnt_S5mJWHEtCrnIzoDBn_6WlUBnmPVTXHSsuesm307 …
The Children can lead you thru this major catastrophe. Listen, use your resources to help along the path to survivors. Focus to live &escape smart exits needed.
Nowhere for kids to run & hide is not cool. Escape plans & routes should be taught. Desgnated Leaders in Classrooms would help a lot.
You're lucky if you remember which shoe goes on which foot.  Lol… .
So much of your BS in the midst of so much pain!
FUHRER TRUMP AMERICANS GOT GUNS TO CONSTITUTIONALLY KILL EACHOTHER IN  U.S.A.CONSTITUTION GUARANTEE ONLY U.S.A.MADE BRAND GUNS & AMMUNITION ARE UTILISED BY AMERICANS TO TORMENT EACHOTHER.GREAT U.S.A.AMERICANS JOBS,MURDERBUSINESS.KEEP ON KILLING IN U.S.A.GREATEST KILLERS GODCURSE!
Trump who claims that he's brave enough to take on a mass shooter without being armed, is too cowardly to:
1) Go to Vietnam
2) Take care of a dying, bleeding man at Mar-a-Lago
3) Stand up to Putin's Russia
4) Release his taxes
5) Be faithful to his wife
Metal detectors
I hear you!
I'm glad to hear you say that, President Trump.Our future Millennial leaders we must always have their back. Booyah
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1837187869704662&id=341163402640457 …
Sandy hook was convenient for ‘12 presidential election, this one is for the ‘18 election. Sheriff & fbi allowed shooting to happen. Deputies failed at stopping it because liberal agenda was more important than lives lost or destroyed. Children were scrafices for the left.
Look at that place, That place would be great for Charity Balls, President Donald Trump, May I have a meeting with you?  I'm in Laramie, Wyoming!
You never listen. Just photo op.
You had to look at cue cards to remind you to care and show empathy.
As a retired teacher, #no guns in my classroom
So they cut out the part where Donald' s suggestion was downvoted by almost everyone in there?
Oklahoma has already installed bullet proof storm shelters in some Oklahoma schools. They hold 35 children and 2 teachers. Protect our kids from storms or those who seek to harm. You asked for solutions so I hope you see this!
Your “teahers” failed you Rondiggity.
You must not raise the purchase age for guns, instead fix the stand down problems and have all those involved terminated. Do the right thing. Don’t punish innocent people.
I dont understand why people say this all trumps fault for the shooting like no one knew this was going to happen
Then see this through!  The NRA has no business making or preventing laws on gun control!
This is why the shooting happened. Demand DeVos and POTUS Trump rescind these Obama/Holder policies.
Let’s ban all the bullets. Keep the guns and stop the sales of all bullets. Guns don’t kill people, bullets kill people
Thank You sir ....Yes we must .
So what are you going to do about it?
Would Jesus own a gun?  I don't think so
Great President

So will we.  You didn’t seem to be listening (please refer to your pro-NRA post).
Hated that sentiment card help you that's pretty pitiful make America great again dump Trump
