Conway on Comey: "This guy swung an election."

https://ijr.com/2018/04/1085493-kellyanne-conway-comey-swung-2016-presidential-election-trump/ …

You don’t have a soul and are disguising. Once your boss dumps you like he has the others our career will be over. Time to move to an uninhabited island.
Oh you poor woman, you make the rest of feel sorry for you and then we laugh because there is no way your that damn dumb. 
*missed?
The statement: putting it to bed just says it all doesn’t.  My Momma always said lay down with dogs you get up with fleas! 
Swing and a miss like your plastic surgeon?
Wow that is great
You should know about swinging and missing. You do it on a daily basis. Sad.
Stir this.
Love the cosmetic surgery you had. Time for another facelift!
Take a nap and stop speaking publicly. You are an embarrassment.

Someone take the phone away from the scarecrow please

....? What does this have to do with anything
One problem with russian bots is they have no sense of context.
Lmao that meme doesn't even have  a message
Penn State. No children safe from child sexual predators
Your job isn’t to be sarcastic. That’s not how you deliver information in an official capacity. You’re a joke.

I rather look ridiculous then to succumb to the original party of human slavery and to be considered a Super Predator as per the White Liberal Democrat Supremacist all for a Plantation Slave Vote
Lol... did you get the dictionary out this morning to compile this sentence? 
President Trump speaking live, now shut up!

Democrat Snowflake 2016 Election  coping kit
And he .....
Blah blah....
And my God trump ...

Blah blah...

I'm his puppy pit bull
Blah blah blah 
I WILL DEFEND TRUMP UNTIL I DIE!!
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH.....
What's up with your husband's tweets?
Everything everyone else does is wrong, but everything you do is right. You are a disgrace to women everywhere.
What a muddle!
You seem to have got your nickers - and your story - in a twist.
You describe yourself as Counsellor to the President.
In what are you counselling him ? Rage therapy, Twitter addiction, good manners, elocution, geography, politics, sexual self-control ?
it's "swung and missed".  get your metaphors right at least. have you seen your husbands tweets? He thinks you are working for a criminal.  Your daughters must be so proud.
You do know that a majority of America trusts the word of Comey over Trump right? So you trying to put the spin on it just makes you look stupider then usual.
says who knucklehead.... polls... your a schmuck
Knucklehead? schmuck? Wow your quite the fuck tard aren’t ya?
coming from a schmuck, a new twist on word play gives me hope for all schmucks...even you.
I do enjoy our witty banter. Your fuck tardery is quite impressive. It is apparent you have studied the skill immensely. Please, do open your mouth again so that the words that come forth enlighten all here to your dip shittyness.
liberals seem to always regress to potty mouth. But you obviously have a keen sense of words on a limited knowledge of english
Oh I don’t consider myself a liberal. I believe woman have the right to decide, I believe there is mass abuse of fed programs, I believe in the right to bear arms, I believe immigration needs a ton of work and I believe Trump was elected due to the countries racist under belly.
hmmm, racist underbelly, that seems to give away your proclivities, Libertarian at best I guess.
I saw your outstanding appearance with an aggressive @ChrisCuomo on #cnnfakenews , I’ve long respected you, doing your tough-as-nails job so well, I disagree you firmly politically, but you seem like a God-fearing woman. Good work driving the liberal media crazy 


Really! By reopening the Hillary case 10 days before the election he swung and missed? I’d call that a home run for Trump!
Please look at rallies footage from private media and tell me you can't see TRUMP was winning way before this! Only fake news watchers think he could have ever even been close to losing! Fake news has you brainwashed to the point it's sad!
Right see you in November
In two years? You can go look at footage still from 2016 all rallies look them up on private media footage they show the crowd... mainstream doesn't WHY??.they are fake!!! Some hilary rallies had three rows and repeat same people phone's and clothing??????!!!!! Sorry!!fake news!
Just like the size of the inaugural
It's your side being Hitler against us !! It's awful and you have no idea how this feels because we didn't do this our deep state did it! Your people are doing it! Media won't cover this stuff !! But it's available to see!!!!!! Private media has it all proof is there!!
Jesus tin foil hat
Before TRUMP!! and for many years over 800 thousand children went missing in AMERICA EVERY year never mind the world! Our government has the ability to find a person Almost anywhere!!! 800 thousand?.. Clinton's were very connected to sick stuff !! I will not stop!! media silent??
Add sarcasm and stir...just like putting on makeup?!!
Well the election was infiltrated with Russsian collusion and cooperation by the Trump Campaign. The only reason Trump won was because a foreign adversary hacked the election process with campaid aid and cooperation with Wikileaks.
He did swing the election and you know and goofed up and said so,  give me break.
I see that your grammar is as polished as the fake president, itself!  The two of you should get real jobs!!
Im with you, he is too befuddled to do anything... look his befuddlement gave him away, mercy.
You wish you could put this to bed. Well sure you can put to @StormyDaniels bed thanks to your criminal boss @realDonaldTrump aka #BullyTrump.  Alone with all the other beds your boss bed (or unmade) while womanizing and cheating on his wives.  So sure put it to bed 
Please stop trying to be sarcastic while working for Trump. It just doesn't work.
Add hypocrisy and stir, you pig.

Kellyanne Conway got all pissed off in a CNN interview about bringing people’s spouses into the conversation. Never mind that Trump has tweeted relentlessly about Andrew McCabe’s wife, Hillary Clinton’s husband, Obama’s wife, or anybody’s wife.
Now you're just making yourself look bad by denying truth.
But given that you are simply a talking head for Trump, I guess denying truth is what you do best.
And what do you call it when Susan Rice, Valerie Jarrett, HRC and the rest of the Obama Regime told America and Americans the deaths in Benghazi for their Own National Regime Change was due to a scripted line of lies about a false video.
Wow I literally have two people responding to me ranting and rambling about Benghazi and stupid nonsense like that, when the point of my tweet is quite simply and clearly about James Comey publicly investigating Hillary Clinton having an effect on the election.  Unreal.
Oh you want to speak about Homey Comey...how about this.
Do I want to speak about "Homey Comey"?    I replied to a tweet that came from Kellyanne Conway... where she wanted to speak about the effect of "Homey Comey" on the election.   I'm not trying to branch off in every other direction like you are.
Are you a Trump supporter for America and Americans First?
I am not a Trump supporter.   I'm not sure where this "for America and Americans First" tagline fits into that, but no, I am not a Trump supporter.
"He swung and miss"? Who writes your tweets, Dotard?
Triggered!

nice
Sarcasm is best served with wit, something you are sadly lacking. Without wit, it's just bitchiness.
Looks like you're worse at communicating than you are at "advising." Stick to your day job as the grim reaper's skin suit

You made the likeness look too good.  I have a better one...
How are you the person in charge of fucking opioid crisis? All you do is avoid, deflect and distract. I really don't know how Cuomo puts up with you for longer than 2 minutes, you're an inept joke of a person posing as a public servant.
@KellyannePolls in charge of Opioids? Explains a lot 
Snark and sarcasm are uncalled for when you are speaking to the American public on behalf of the White House. You are employed by the people of this country and should treat your position with respect.
Who? Conway or Trump?
C.  All of the above.
Only the intellectually dishonest deny he swung the election. Now, on the question @DanaBashCNN put to u on CNN today, yes, we are all interested in the fact that your husband’s views differ from yours. It was a simple question to which u reacted defensively & unprofessionally.
Bottom line you are a puppet and a discrace
Get caught in your own lies and then just lie some more. Old Orange Wrinkly Trump is teaching you the ways of a world class liar huh? You guys are a straight up joke.  And the world continues to laugh at you.
@CNN Saw her despicable behavior on CNN interview when she took issue with being asked about husband's tweets. Guess she's forgotten that McCabe was called out by @GOP for his wife's affiliations.
Saw your comments on CNN regarding your husband's critical remarks about your boss. They crossed no "line" bringing that up -- Your response was about as petty and superficial as I've ever seen you.  At least your husband seems like he has his head right, very unlike yourself.
She is just using the Trump version of revisionist history.
I never said that...
I didn't mean that...
Well, I said it but it was a joke...
“He swung and missED” is the correct way to mutter that sentence. & we do not associate you with sarcasm. You lack the intelligence for that.
Nah,KA you don’t do sarcasm.
My god you are a lying joke.

Love sarcasm.
Kellyanne,  You spin way too much; so whenever I see you being interviewed on TV I end up doing the same thing: I change the channel.
Missed.  Please make sure your grammar is correct.


*missed
If by 'putting to bed' you mean nothing of the kind, then sure.
You look tired Kellyanne, are you tired of all the lies you tell? You have sold your soul to the Devil, the bible says "thou shalt not lie."

Your wrong Kellyanne! It was Russia Collusion!   from Undercover Trump Voter 
Swung and missed like your  talentless  'Pundette Blues'  standup comedy routine ?
You should go to bed crypt keeper.

Kelly  your doing a great job
So true! Comey swung election to Trump! !  Conway finally slipped by admitting it!



Astonished by the all-out assault on Comey by Team Clinton. Suggesting he is a partisan interfering with the election is dangerous & unfair.
MAGA
See what happens when kellyanne opens the hole in her face.
Do you remember when you were terrible at stand up comedy? https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/2014691458562334/ …
I have never seen someone lie right out of the gate every press interview like you do. Is there a class I can take to gain that talent? I want to sell bridges and snake oil.
He swung and miss??? The Ronald Hump School of grammar... Alternative English...
you actually told the truth for once...and now you're trying to retell that truth as a lie...you people are amazing... #heroinisonehellofadrug
No that would be your president you ugly ass bitch!

Doh...this tweet did NOT age well, at all.

The internet saves everything...
 http://archive.is/GjrbU  …
You need to brush up on your sarcasm skills.  It didn't work.
I actually pity the poor man.
Oh my Lord, do you people even hear yourselves?
I've honestly never seen a group of people like the trump family grifters who try so hard to convince everyone that they didn't really hear what they actually heard or see what they actually saw. Someone needs to do a psychological study on these charlatans!
Kellyanne Conway auditions for the role of Stormy Daniels in the upcoming made for TV movie special "Cockwork Orange.”
You think that is funny it’s not, it’s not clever it’s just stupid..
Yes, he did miss, now we have a pussy grabber as a president. Fuck!
Don't you drink the kkkkool aid even if we don't stir?
I would love to see the President when he comes to Key West on Thursday. I’m here on vacation. Any suggestions?

Don't listen to the haters, Kellyanne.  You've done an amazing job of keeping up with all of the lies up until this point.  It was inevitable you'd let one true statement out accidentally.  #stayStrong #MAGA
Tongue in cheek huh? Like this? America's next top elderly porn star?
Lies don't go to bed they hang around and attack you So much easier to admit the truth. All those lies have certainly AGED you Kelly Anne. soon you will have needlessly lied so much you won't be able to remember your lies.
Sorry Kellyanne...but it seems revisionism is THY name...again...& again. IT DID SWING IT, that + Russia of course

You are also, apparently, not capable of sarcasm, nor being 'tongue in cheek'. You can certainly keep trying to convince us though, we'll just call that self parody

Astonished by the all-out assault on Comey by Team Clinton. Suggesting he is a partisan interfering with the election is dangerous & unfair.
"Suggesting".... Even if this was a "joke" in your "joke" you still made this "suggestion".  IDK how much someone gets for selling their soul these days but whatever you got isn't nearly enough.
Didn't your momma teach u not to lie.
Who is Kellyanne?
 nice try to save that comment. He swung an election. Your words.
You should know by now that it’s basically impossible to put the toothpaste back in the tube.
Stay strong Kellyanne. Many millions of intelligent citizens are with you.

Kellyanne you lie for trump so badly one after the other non stop... the likes of which the world has never see
Comey is a embarrassment to America and especially to real men he most likely wears a dress at home
Wtf?
Liar liar. Millions of us saw it KA.
Let’s not forget Trump lost the election.  He won the antiquated Electoral College.
Your stupid do you read or listen to anything but the main stream media? He won the popular vote if you take away the illegals and the dead peoples votes that the left cheated with!!
Let’s not forget Trump lost the election.  He won the antiquated Electoral College.
So u must be from California. Do u really think our election should be based on three states????
Elections should be based on the people's vote and if the people reside mainly in three states then yes

Sarcasm is NOT your forte!  Stick to your alternative facts.  AF = lies. Lies are what the WH does best.
Puerile Preet Bharara taking a jab at you as well on Twitter. Unbelievable Fired US Attorney Has People Play Trigger Our #President #Trump games on Twitter.  Not Very Presidential Ohhhh I Mean Not Very US Attorney /Fired Attorney Like.  #Ethics 

@KellyannePolls before the makeup department is finished.
Why do you always look like you're on smack?

Bullshit.

It’s “swung and missed.” If you’re going to contradict yourself, at least use proper grammar. But I digress. What America really wants to know is this: Do you ever not say something stupid? You’re going to get yourself kicked off the ride before it ends in court.
You are a Joke, just as ugly as your boss.

It is important to remember that, while Bannon may be out of the White House, his partners in crime — Conway and Miller — remain. The Horsemen of the Trumpocalypse are still riding high: …
He is a LIAR and a Liberal used his Political thinking for himself and not what’s right
Is this a little.damage control by you now?
great work you are the best
Sure wish you negative people responding on here would just leave

@Comey swung the 
2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION  TO @realDonaldTrump ... 

AS DID: 
VLADIMIR  PUTIN 

@GOP - IN THE SWING STATES THAT WON TRUMP THE ELECTORAL BY 70K ... TX  #CambridgeAnalytics !!! 

@CNNPolitics @MSNBC @ABC @NBCNews @CBSNews ETC. 

WE KNOW BLANCHE !! 

OMG...  
Found s new profile photo !!! 
Right 
Saying it doesn’t make it so, Kellyanne. Reopening an investigation 11 days before an election yet hiding the scandalous info on Trump had the exact effect of swinging the election.
Do you do Meth, Coke or just Adderall?
Your grammar is atrocious...it’s like fingernails on a chalkboard...FYI it’s swing and miss or swung and missed...
Give it a rest! We all know what happened!
Horse tranquilizers, hate, and stupid are always going to end badly.
Twins!!!!
Shhhhh...back in your box
Add cray cray and stir = Trump Administration
Will you be going to jail with trump so you can spin stuff he says in prison? That would be epic.
https://twitter.com/i/moments/985969842149871618 … #HannityCohen #FoxNews #corrupted
You didn’t say it sarcastically. It’s obvious what you meant.  Oh Kellyanne, just let it go. Sweetheart, look at yourself in the mirror. You were once a beautiful lady, but working for this liar has made you look like the crypt keeper. It’s eating you alive. Just stop.
Sure you were.  Bless your heart.  #Sarcasm #Eyeroll #KelllyanneLies
That’s not even remotely convincing.
I love how how this evil @KellyannePolls thinks that she helped Trump win, while the biggest help came from Putin.
The monster returns!!
Like your boss put the porn star “to bed”?
Well said
Add doublespeak and spin.  You said it, own it.  Have a great day, Lady Skeletor.
You are a Hott mess !!!!
Stop reaching, Auntie Cray Cray!
Oh my - you spend twice as much time trying to explain that you didn’t say what you said or that the words don’t mean what they sounded like they mean.
“He swung & missed” were the same words used to describe when the Almighty above made Kellyanne. It was such a disaster he considered issuing a recall for all of humanity but decided she would serve as a reminder that Hell exists & if you aren’t saved, you’ll spend it with her.
Okay...uh-huh...sure...
You are lousy with deflecting. You always say “Let me tell you” it means a lie as does @realDonaldTrump with his “very, very” or “believe me”. Those terms mean BS ready to flow.
This woman is just CRAZY
Stupid statements and alternative facts are your strong point KellyAnne, Maybe it's time you just stopped talking. Actually no keep up the good work, it gives us one more reason to laugh at this pathetic administration. Too bad however the country is so affected by this circus!
He did it
Many people say you look like a SKELETON.
But he didn't miss.  You were right the first time.  He swung the election. First moment of truth from this puppet.
Great job communicating effectively! When you're constantly lying and dodging it must get very hard to keep things straight.
“He swung and MISSED.”   It’s “He swung and missed. Who’s writing this for you?  Donald?
You do understand he is a republican and served as FBI director under republican and democratic Presidents?
You look just terrible.  Whatever is going on its aging you so fast. You need a break from wiping @realDonaldTrump s butt. Cancer? Somethings wrong. Go to the doctor or something.

If the FBI had a most moronic list- you'd be #1.  Moron.  No need to stir, lots can be added
Not even @gtconway3d believes that!
News Flash... Hey Kellyanne! As a public official, you should really be checking your grammar! Guess you miss(ed) that one. Repeat after me:                                  E-D-U-C-A-T-I-O-N!
You are a puppet.  Step down.  What is it that you do beside s being a voice for corruption?
U r sooooo full of crap. I watched your interview. Zero sarcasm ..... in fact caught lying a few times and needed corrected.
I want some! Whatcha on sister!

Everyone who works for Trump has a big ‘T’ burned on their forehead for the rest of their life.”
Daughter will turn out just like Kellyanne, drop to her knees with open mouth for any guy with $$ or a little Power. Great Mom.
