Lol Nice distraction to the Russia investigation. Nobody except an idiot believes that Mexico is the problem! Just stop your nonsense already! #ImpeachTrump
Exactly, people are seeking asylum in Canada then sneaking in through there. Mexico is not a problem. It’s smoke and mirrors and deflected issues from Trump.
 Trump-Pence 2020
2 Corinthians 5:17
Therefore, if anyone is in #Christ, he is a new creation; old things have passed away; #behold, all things have become new.
1 Timothy 2:1-4
Therefore I exhort first of all that #supplications, #prayers, #intercessions, and giving of #thanks be made for all #men, for #kings and all who are in #authority, that we may lead a #quiet and #peaceable life in all #godliness and #reverence. For [1/2]
this is good and acceptable in the #sight of #God our #Savior, who desires all #men to be saved and to come to the #knowledge of the #truth. [2/2]
Listen if the libs don't want to secure our borders then they need to pack up and move across on the other side, we will do it with or without them!!
The ‘liberals’ represent half of this already great country. It can’t be great without them. The active  work by this admin to cause a greater divide is nothing but damaging.
Wtf??? What a waste of money. We need to get rid of the GOP
Yeah, let’s send our military to #shithole countries like Somalia and Haiti to do more humanitarian missions. That is clearly what they were trained to do, right???
Oh, I see you are a piece of shit like Trump! Shithole countries? Maybe we need to be a little more compassion. What are they going to do at the border? Do you think they are going to shoot them? Immigration is at an all time low (Thank you Obama), still a waste and BS!
If they try to invade our country I hope they do get shot. That is actually what our military is trained to do - protect our nation from foreign enemies. Sorry if that is news to you.
The foreign enemies? Let me see, why hasn't your trump person gone after Russia? That is a true foreign enemy! Russia is not a friend and he has NOT been hard on Russia at all! The people coming across the border are looking for jobs, they are not trying to steal elections!
He just put sanctions against Russia and expelled a number of their diplomats. He has certainly been tougher on Russia than ‘Mr More Flexibility’ obama. But stick with your narratives.
OMG! You are delusional! Maybe watch and read something besides Fox and Sarah!
I do. Thanks for playing!
The TRUE threat to our sovereignty is IN THE WH working with Putin!!!
#ImpeachTrumpNow #MuellerIsComing
It’s about Time we got a president that cares about the American people and not everyone else. God bless President Trump.
And there’s no way the Christian God I follow is ok with all this trump worship, it’s a test and many will fail.
Another Foxnews preesenter. Peroxide hairstyles are all the rage.
Her eyes looked like either she was crying her brains out before the press conference or she was smoking some serious marijuana.
Blazed.
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Some of us don't get the drizzles over poor workers looking for a better life.
Dear 46 follower Soros bot, read former FBI Director James Comey’s lips, “there are some people we simply have no way of vetting.”

We’re not talking jobs, we’re talking lives. Overstayed visas aren’t a joke either. I lost someone on 9/11.
Dear Trumptard follower, the Saudi’s (their royalty are friends with our great leader) who hijacked the planes on 9/11 were legal visitors. They WERE vetted.
Not only that, but the @FBI that @CNewsJunkie venerates twice ignored internal warnings that men of mid-east descent were making strange pilot training requests during pilot training in the months before #NeverForget911.
I never venerated the FBI. I was speaking to Hanley’s contention that this is all about “jobs” & giving the poor a better life.

And yes Anthony, I’m aware they were vetted, hence, why I mentioned overstayed visas as a problem too. Vetting & Visas. & ID theft, lowering wages...
What we REALLY want is to send our kids to school, or to work, or the movies, or a concert, or CHURCH without worrying about whether they'll get SHOT!
Wanna Cut Crime? Let In More Immigrants, Legal and Illegal
Trump's Mexico wall would be a gift to the drug cartels (Opinion) - CNN
"But many of the unauthorized are not Mexican; almost a quarter are not even Hispanic.":  https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/03/06/us/politics/undocumented-illegal-immigrants.html … …
- 73% - 
Proportion of firearm murders among all murders in 2016 – the highest ever on record in the United States, according to FBI statistics. While murders in the United States are well down from historic highs, gun murders represent a greater share of the overall total.
Why more than 100 gun control proposals in Congress since 2011 have failed - CBS News
Retired top Army General warns: Trump is a "serious threat" to national security http://hill.cm/QtQCPU0 
Yeah, border crossings are at an historical low. This is grandstanding.
Border Patrol agents made over 364,000 arrests of people illegally entering the country. Considerable success has been achieved in restoring integrity and safety to the Southwest border, by implementing our border-control strategy.  Something is working!! #maga
Do a little research about the last 10 years and border crossings.  Nothing new being done by trump except grandstand to divide the country.  Even the National Guard deployment was done by Obama. Facts matter.
Here is the history on Border Control.
As far as division??  Who’s divided?? https://www.cbp.gov/border-security/along-us-borders/history …
Megan - our country is divided on principle about this issue and trump exploits  their fears and insecurities.
And resisting homeland security, defending America’s borders is not a threat
So True! This is why we need the Military guarding our Borders until 'THE WALL' is Built. The Illegal Aliens Invaders are defying our Rule of Law. They must be Stopped at all cost.
The president used undocumented workers no Chinese steel....
And Chinese steel
You're doing an awesome job&we appreciate it
CALL TO ACTION -
 ASSIST THE BORDER PATROL
 SECURE THE BORDER
 PATRIOT POINT, CA. 4-13 thru 4-16

Caravan update: Mexico starts giving caravan migrants transit visas. Migrants vow to continue onward to join relatives in the US.  https://www.yahoo.com/news/caravan-migrants-confused-president-trumps-040041991.html?soc_src=hl-viewer&soc_trk=tw … via @YahooNews
KEEP THEM OUT !
Finally sane people speaking in public
Waste. Of. Time. And. Money.
You’re so smart! 
@CrucialTrak

Making America great again.
So when will the US Military protect the US border and the citizens of the United States of America? 
Our Troops are sent to protect other countries borders and their citizens, while you leave us at the mercy of Mexico and Gov Brown to stop foreign troops.
The number of I llegal immigration was deeply reduced under Obama. Such liars and fear mongers. I’m much more afraid of what an insane leader will do to us than any Hispanic immigrant wanting to come to our country and it’s not even close.
Well said!
Liberals are making Border security a partisan issue. Their quest for new voters puts national security in jeopardy. BUILD THE WALL
Bravo !!! Merkel do you hear???
Sovereign we stand.
Finally an administration actually gets it and is doing something about it!!  Thank you Trump and the GOP!
Wag the Dog
Ugh that fake smile is so unsettling as she spins her lies and partisanship.
Amen!  The time is right now.  Way past time!
Seek facts.
Legalize pot.... tax it and deprive the cartels. Two birds.
Pot is not the only drug coming across that border. It would be nice if it were,taxing it would be great money producer.
I was listening in the car and she did such a great job! #MAGA
#StopTheCaravan What's to stop entire country of Mexico asking for asylum next !! #BuildTheWallNow #migrants @realDonaldTrump
I agree with @DHSgov Secretary Nielsen’s comments.
Of course you do.....
Brilliant
She did a great job today

"The threat is real"

That's right.....#JimmyKimmel 
You mentioned on your show that all is fine at the border & you don't see why #PresidentTrump is doing this. Hmmmm I didn't realize as a talk show host, you're NOW an expert on #NationalSecurity 
@ABC
Sovereign nations don't invite global enemies in to screw with their elections. Protect THAT border!
She makes Sean #Spicer sound #eloquent. #Reading is important, kids.
Build that wall!
Sounds more like deep insecurity shining thru this Obsession with 'security' against Non-Norwegian types at every turn. Why not learn from the Chinese about the fact that their Great Wall has been their Greatest Burden too?
The Great Wall of China is a product of history. It did play a huge role many years ago in the environment at the time, but today it is only a tourist attraction. Does Trump also build an attraction?
Its a pile of BS. This is an needed and unlawful deployment of the @NationalGuard 
According to US Customs and Border Patrol @POTUS is telling a flat out lie to condone his base that was duped into electing him. 
READ THE CHART
Correction above to UN-needed and Unlawful
Thank you, @realDonaldTrump for protecting our country.  #StopTheCaravan #BuildTheWall #AmericaFirst

Banana republic.
I concur with that statement, well spoken.
Then i would consider installing landmines because they are cheaper with explosive results and quicker to install... Build the wall later when we are out of debt or do it your way. 
Ooohhhh - how happy will trump supporters be when they hear about the body counts?  Yippee! 
Post signs and hope for the best.
Finally a president who recognizes the need to secure the borders. It is so obvious we have been invaded over the past 30 years. It is time to stop the invasion. #MAGA #bordersecurity
Another fear seller.
Another Trump shithead
Lest we forget all you sycophants, #DonTheCon said Mexico is going to pay for the wall.
Hell of a logic string there, sister.
For that matter The US is on Earth so really we need to protect the planet. And the Earth is technically part of the solar system, that’s a lot bigger, but hey, guess that’s America now too. 

...and the galaxy. It’s not gonna protect itself!
Let's take pride in securing our border!
Let's deploy the US Marines at the Border to protect it from the 1500 Illegal aliens Marching thru Mexico, Mexican Government officials are not doing a damn thing to arrest them and deport them, they're part of the problem! End Financial Aid to Mexico Now!

You know what else is national security? Making sure our electrical grid and our elections aren’t continuing to be hacked by your master Putin. #treason #TreasonousTrump #Loser #MAGA
It's a racist issue.
How long before Trump asks them all to link arms, and then claims he has his wall?
Love how American hating progressive liberal democrats think protecting our homeland is evil.....

Irineo Mujica, the Organizer of the Caravan of Illegal Aliens is also the Director of 'Pueblos Sin Fronteras'. He is a Native of Mexico, but also a Long Time, Permanent Resident of Minnesota, USA. He is defying the Rules of Law of the USA. He should be arrested and Deported.
You are forgetting we are a nation of immigrants. All other countries, poor, tired and those yearning to be free. We should welcome them!
Do not trust this liar!
BUILD THE WALL!!!!
Why not use the troops for dam repairs and other infrastructure needs?  All of that $$ that could be HELPING people instead of hurting people. In PA landscapers and farmers don’t have workers for the season. How is that helping?
Lisa, how bout in PA they hire American citizens???
They’ve been trying to hire and aren’t getting any responses. Nobody wants to do that work. You really think they didn’t try?
Reinforcing already existing, competent, professional boarder agents that @realDonaldTrump says support him. How does that make them feel and how is the expense of moral deflation covered?
They can't cover the 2000 mile stretch by themselves, not until their numbers are boosted. This will help them a lot.
More than a year since the election and a promise, defend the border, and still now answer on more guards.  Agree, it's a long border and there are hi-tech devices for surveillance and reaction that could be deployed.  The NG will be at additional expense.
Gun control is also homeland security, not a partisan issue...
One of many issues on the table. What’s your point?
You won't hear that from this White House since they believe it to be a partisan issue. Just helping them out
Time will tell. I believe you’re wrong. Trump does more than people give him credit. If I’m wrong I’ll admit it will you? Everything in Washington takes awhile before it’s noticed
I will. But he is easily talked out of common sense actions. Many times he has said something sensible, only to do a 180 a couple of days later once 3rd party interests got into his ear.   
The interests of the American people haven't mattered for a while now. That hasn't changed
Smoke and mirrors...
About time someone in that house stands up and does what's right for this country.
Congress do your damn job and secure our borders! End catch and release, end chain migration, end visa lottery and approve funds to secure our borders Now...@realDonaldTrump @HouseofRepsLive
@SpeakerRyan @chuckschumer @TeamPelosi @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SecNielsen @FoxNews
The National Guard go do this. National Guard go do that. Hey! President Bone Spurs Trump. Stop watching @FoxNews. Everything’s okay at the border.
Homeland, sounds like a tv show and Donny boy likes tv and his ratings never mind anyone else he has to be the center of attention like the simpering idiot he is.
Once again we are going to misuse our military. The decision to use military within the states is outrageous. This POTUS seems to think he is an emperor and not subject to checks & balances. Shame.
Thank you -- the American People.
Secure the American children and ensure they are safe in schools and public places.
Sadly, everything is a partisan issue for liberals!
National security should never be a partisan issue! The soverignty of the US and rights of OUR people should never be assailed!
Everything is a partisan issue for Democrats. Democrats and some RepubliRats have made America a NO LAW ENFORCED ZONE. Thank Globalist Corporations Lobbyists $$$ for this sad state.
President Trump will get the job done, anyway he can

Nielsen was outstanding today! I didn't miss a word of what she said, bravo!
This was a joke, she didn’t have much of an answer on any questions!
She's doing a great job!
It is the simplest of concepts. I don`t understand the confusion. A fence or partial fence in no way is as effective as a wall to keep people out. Otherwise we could save a fortune on housing costs.
Have we not been sovereign for the last almost 242 years?

Does @realDonaldTrump even know what the f%@k is going on without getting his daily dose from Fox News?  NO HE DOESN'T!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why are you promoting the deprtation of our veterans?
It's just not the right answer.  It won't work.  Add more border patrol and be done with it!
Building a wall failed for China.
Nicely said.
Can Nielsen and Sanders switch jobs?

Asking for a friend.
Bunch of idiots
aaaaaaaaand.......We politicize ALL national security.
#WednesdayWisdom  #BorderSecurityIsNationalSecurity  #MAGA #FactoftheDay #KAG
If you think a wall is going to make you safe, I have a bridge to sell you.
.
#ThursdayThoughts 
http://DHS.GOV  , http://DOD.gov   along with @uscoastguard  and even @chuckschumer @NancyPelosi  and 30 @SenateDems 100 @HouseDemocrats all support or vote for a Border wall previously so you should get educated on #MAGA #facts  1/2 .....
All things considered. I finder her very attractive.
I do too.
 and I mean that in The most  complimentary way!
I assure you there were no doubts on my part, I bow to the Maker for his due diligence in such magnificent marvels of creation.
I agree. I hope I’m not reported to HR! 

Nielsen is a “straight talker”! POTUS is assembling a great team!
Another reason H2B should be supported.  Only screened and vetted workers can come work, then go home. No illegal hiring, no illegal immigration. No need to steal/forge work documents, no need to hide cash payments to workers and lie to IRS
Federal universal background checks for all firearms purchases is also a matter of national security. Tons of weapons flowing south across the border seemingly unchecked. Texas needs to get it's act together or lose funding.
Yes, that program started during the final years of the Bush Administration and the problem of illegally smuggled guns from Texas to Mexico has only got worse. Trump and Texas are failing America and Mexico!
Yes, Facebook is scanning your messages  - CNNMoney https://cnnmon.ie/2GV9k5J . #Equality999 and pay your note #ed38399669sr or #Slavery666 I share #Lucifer999 I get it from my father #Amen ur choice #AHMENUNIVERSEPOWER999
Everyone supports border security, this is not a controversial issue.  Stop with the fake bs to cause division. Shameful!
Love to see a strong honest competent woman
Hallelujah. Keep America !!!
#MAGA #QAnon #WWG1WGA @POTUS
@NancyPelosi & @SenSchumer sneer at you . The population of Mexico moved to USA assures DNC rule for a century

@researchjunky60 it's about DAMN time. 
No kidding...but not a wall.  That is waste of our money. @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
I thought he cut illegal immigration 61%. Now he says it’s worse than ever with caravans even! Scare/diversion tactics, the real danger is this president! #BlueWave #StormyWaters #IMPEACH
Amen Sister!
Immigration policy to REMEDY PHYSICIAN SHORTAGE IN RURAL AREAS and VA HOSPITALS.  Policy to facilitate EB2 physicians conversion to EB1 status upon completion of 5 YEAR National Waiver Interest service commitment in underserved area,
NOBODY WANTS TO BE TREATED BY A EB2 PHYSICIAN. YOU CAN'T UNDERSTAND WHAT THEY'RE SAYING. THEY TREAT WOMEN LIKE COWS. I BET HALF PROMOTE FGM!

THIS IS NOT THE WAY TO GET RURAL MD IN USA! THEY DESERVE GOOD DRS TOO! NOT THIRD WORLD REJECTS!!
I bet most of American women don’t even know what FGM is!! There needs to be a world wide outcry against this horrible barbaric atrocity against women subject to this procedure
IT'S DISGUSTING IN AFRICA IT'S THE OLD WOMEN WHO DO IT TO YOUNG DEPENDANT GIRLS WHO CAN'T FIGHT BACK & ARE OSTRACIZED IF THEY'RE NOT MULTILATED!

@POTUS
@TEDCRUZ
@REPKEVINBRADY
#NOAMNESTY
#NOH1B
#DEPORTDACA
incorrect. we are one Taxon, the Global Human Community on one Planet earth apparently separated by botoxed idiots with stupid moronic ideas like the devils' whore Kellyanne! You will be obsolete and imprisoned by the Holy Pax Terra Taxiarchy. Be afraid if you want. We like that.
God bless & lead our President, Amen
Border security with military personnel is not the wall trump promised. Ask George about broken promises. Credibility and virginity can only be lost one time.
Your lies are showing on your face.
I disagree - The way this administration is insulting non-whites and insulting Hispanics proves 
the WALL is a racist project.
She in an unprepared shill, no veracity at all.
Wallbonds we should start a bid to fund the wall publicly #Wallbonds
When i paint my house, is it a new house? Come on. Either you habe lost IQ since you became Sec or just learned to be evasive & spew #AlternativeFacts . Where is your integrity?

Pregnant Hondruan woman, age 27,  traveling with 2 kids, plans to go to Houston to join a cousin. https://www.yahoo.com/news/caravan-migrants-confused-president-trumps-040041991.html?soc_src=hl-viewer&soc_trk=tw … via @YahooNews

"Gomez, 38, from El Salvador, traveling with wife and 3 kids, will continue to US border and hopes to request asylum and join relatives in NY."  https://www.yahoo.com/news/caravan-migrants-confused-president-trumps-040041991.html?soc_src=hl-viewer&soc_trk=tw … via @YahooNews

Caravan update: Mexico starts giving caravan migrants transit visas. Migrants vow to continue onward to join relatives in the US.  https://www.yahoo.com/news/caravan-migrants-confused-president-trumps-040041991.html?soc_src=hl-viewer&soc_trk=tw … via @YahooNews
Our Country is under attack by the Drug Cartels. The #OpioidEpidemic being a National Emergency makes securing our border necessary to save American Lives from the most deadly opioids on our streets that are being smuggled in from Mexico.
BOrders are essential safety four our American people
Well stated Sec. Nielsen. Perhaps the Dems could take some lessons from you on how to secure our country from Drugs, Sex trafficking, and unknowns from entering our great country.
stop with the great jokes you are killing me 
Using troops is plain stupid.
Thank You! Now, talk your Boss into getting rid of "Catch & Release". Don't Let Them Cross!!!
AMEN!.
This is an invasion have never seen anywhere in the world.  Just run into & over our country & blend in. Isis did that in IRAQ. Everyday thousands are just pouring in. I'm glad it's going to stop.
And put the treasonous people in jail.
Is anybody wondering why all these ladies look the same ? Sems to be a pattern - no own standing, just vicarious agents for Spanky and his sick agenda, but they need to be blonde .... this is pure action for his base without any sense behind it - sad
Conway and Nielsen are both Trump tools - enablers of Trump's mean-spirited, cold-hearted agenda to whiten America. Shameful.
To Trump. I just read Tip O’Neill’s book. You should have someone read it to you. If you are able to learn anything, hmmmmm
correct, nobody,no matter what reason,has the right to enter forcefully, illegally any other country of their http://choice.to  be legally respected, apply and respect the decision made
Except that she is TOTALLY PARTISAN and also a full on white supremacist who would not admit in front of a congressional hearing that Norway is MOSTLY WHITE. Step down Nielsen.
With the #NationalGuard at the border the #Caravan will now have a harder time crossing into US. Post them along one of these 8 most dangerous unsecured border areas first.
Democrats only want the illegals for their fraudulent votes
@KellyannePolls @DHSgov What's with all the FEMA buses departing to/from LAX b4 dawn?

I see them on the fwys at nite #EndTheFed
Enforce our immigration laws!
Get over it commie libs.

Or the pathetic start of a DICKtatorship!

Don’t screw with the sovereigns!

Ok, this lady was being so untruthful 
Enough with the national security mantra already. You want national security?  STOP pissing off our allies and START pissing on Russia!
Because brown people!
Yikes, where did they find this woman? As unprepared for the press as @BetsyDeVosED 
OnlyTheBest
She does not have a clue! Scary!
The country is being run by fox and friends...great 
They should house the troops in the homes of local wall lovers to save us some money.
The last 2 presidents did the same thing.

Oh you know trump loves this dim bulb. She has the requisite Fox News airhead hair color down pat!

This is all the authorization that the commander-in-chief needs to send the military to the border to both defend it, and build the wall. (Or better, cheaper and faster, construct a multiple-fence system with a patrol road.) 
Did you just declare war on Mexico?
Because now there is a will, there is a way #MAGA
Border crossings trending down for a long time.  What's this new urgency?  Some new shiny and expensive distraction?  Did anyone say parade?  I want a PARADE!
Class act..great choice!
Trump makes it a partisan issue all the time.
There we go ! Let’s put a nice wall and a Door ! Let’s not our our men in harms way ! Let’s have some Balls and welcome good people and kick bad people out ! A no Brainer!
For a guy who never, ever served in the military or anything close to it he sure likes to play fast and loose with his programs and who will pay the ultimate price...tax payers, again.

Sovereign nation, he never said that, he doesn’t know what that means.
BTW, he’s a tool.
Millions of dollars wasted on a secure border. We need to work on our unsecured ports. Lives are being lost daily from toxic Fentanyl flowing in from China. Border crossings are at net zero and the lowest they’ve been in decades. #PutinsPuppet is incompetent. #Impeach45
Indeed it is time to act!  How about we send money for the wall instead of to the ineffective RNC
Visits by family to see loved one's in NG at who's expense?
It is national security!  Our hostility toward the less fortunate makes us LESS secure.
You gonna personally waterboard the ones you catch?
About time
So...when did Mexico or the rest of Central America declare war against the US?
Such bs
5.6 LIES a day come from THIS WHITEHOUSE 
LYING WHITEHOUSE
Embed immigration judges with border patrol to expedite deportations set up a tent city for difficult cases, don’t let them in the interior!
Build that wall now !!!
Embed immigration judges with border patrol!
Thank you Mr. President! @realDonaldTrump
Thank you for this administrations strong leadership. Finally a President and his staff getting serious about stopping the poison (drugs) pouring in over the unsecured border killing our citizens and ruining lives . #MAGA
Sadly, most experts agree that is not the way most illegal drugs get into the US. Just saying facts matter
Sadly you are 100% WRONG
Drugs come in through ports of call. People are paid to turn a blind eye.  It’s a major industry
Believe what you want. But the FACT is 95% of the drugs come in from Mexico across the unsecure border. But you refuse to accept this FACT because President Trump is stating and acting on it not just talking about like the last administrations did.
Read your own article - I believe your source. Frankly, trump was a crappy businessman 2 years ago; he’s not an expert in drug trafficking. Uhg!
Hater
Agreed, I live 20 milesoutside of AC.  I saw firsthand the damage trump caused by declaring bankruptcy and not paying all the hard-working blue collar folks that built his casinos. He won, they lost bigly. He’s a POS and will do the same to America.
#Propaganda #PropagandaAccount “Arrests of people trying to cross illegally into the U.S. from Mexico plunged to the lowest level since 1971, as fewer people attempted the trek, the Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday.”  Trump has no idea what he’s doing.
Brilliant time to build a $26 Billion wall.
so hire about 200,000 more agents and cover every mile or less with a border protector. long term employment for many and security for all.
Agreed. But a wall? Such a waste of money. You’re just going to make it tougher for the drug cartel’s smaller competition which will in turn put more money in the hands of some seriously scary criminals AND you want us to pay more in taxes for that service?
Yes.  Make America Safe Again.  With or without support from partisan Democrats.  #MASA
Another dumb blond kissing up to Trump.   Couldn’t answer questions from reporters.   Couldn’t estimate cost of the wall.   Lied that the wall was being built when it’s being repaired where it already exists!
Boarder security is way down on the list that is topped by treason. Let’s look into treason first, then we can worry about who’s coming and going. Let’s stop the deflections and look at the important basic issues or does Vlad say no to this?
Hi, reporting from the border: the idea of bringing troops here to further militarize our communities is absurd--wasteful, short-sighted, dangerous. Pointless.
Do what should be done. Do what NEEDS to be done. Don't be weak or wishy-washy* - Secure the border. We are being tested. Secure the border *
There are 910 km border with Turkey's Syria. we are fighting terrorists for our border security. Those who help those terrorists think about it.
I agree with security not being bipartisan.  I don't agree the way it's being handled.  There are much more effective and cheaper ways to protect our boarder. It's my money you're spending. I would like a little more accountability.
.You sound like you are going to invade Mexico...
xen·o·pho·bi·a
ˌzenəˈfōbēə,ˌzēnəˈfōbēə/Submit
noun
intense or irrational dislike or fear of people from other countries.
Then protect EVERY SINGLE BORDER! AIRPORT! SEAPORT! There are more immigrants from all over the world, not only #mexicans or #southamericans pouring in! Why the dark-skinned, Spanish-speaking ones are the first target of choice? #clearRacism
