You don't have to agree with trump but the mob can't make me not love him. We are both dragon energy. He is my brother. I love everyone. I don't agree with everything anyone does. That's what makes us individuals. And we have the right to independent thought.
“Amen”... seriously!!!???? 

Breaks down our Democracy every single day with lies, passes out conspiracy theories like candy ...Your Post Truth press is very Pre Fascist assault on Enlightment
I can’t! The crazies are out and it’s a fool moon!
Amen - meaning so long as they agree with you. You never change, Kelly.
Kayne is a Uncle Tom
Get an education @Motorolalife
Well kanye you wanted attention so you got it ,hope you like ur results
You guys have got to stop putting Kellyanne on your shows. All she does is lie. If you don’t give her a platform, she has nowhere to lie. It’s like that old saying, if a tree falls in the woods, how do we get Kellyanne under that tree? I’m not suggesting she gets hurt. Just stuck
Kelly, I'm-a let you finish but Obama had the greatest inauguration crowd of ALL TIME.
No.... amen to this.

If I was selling stuff & in the business of making both sides like me, I'd do this too (well, I probably wouldn't, but I understand why he would). Kanye will likely never lose his liberal fan base. But he is willing to sucker the other side into thinking he is one of them. Smart.

Dragon energy? Aren't you supposed to be opposed to drug use?
Wait. I thought we didn't care what celebrities think?
@kanyewest you are both idiots.
Amen
TRUMPS MIRACLE IN JERUSALEM




If u & president humpty dumpty agree with him we r in bigger trouble than we thought
Hey you- participate- in- crimes for Trump sycophant: The world watched as you were called out for your lies. Your husband and kids already left you because you are a terrible embarrassment. Are you are still there because the Mercer's purchased your soul? We will all remember
Thank you Kayne West for your comments today. I have been disrespected for supporting our President. Finally a celebrity is not following the Democratic herd!!
You're talking about the same crazy Kanye West (you misspelled his name) who said on National TV that our President, George W. Bush "doesn’t care about black people" and made everyone think he was mentally unstable.  I have more respect for Pee-wee Herman.
Chance The Rapper spoke up too. You have you opinion I have mine.  I can probably bet my life that you hate Trump too. I support Trump, the NRA and so many thing you would hate to. Have anything else to comment about
What I hate is a President who works with the Russians/Putin to win an election and then lies about it and tries to cover it up.  What I hate is a President who owes money to Putin and thus becomes a puppet to a hostile foreign power.
Look back in our history. Not one President has been free of controversy. Obama made this country more divided and racist then ever, on top of supporting terrorist. There will never be a perfect president. Do suck it up.
You would NEVER EVER hear an icon/legend like President Obama openly talking about how easy it is for him to COMMIT SEXUAL ASSAULT like Donald Trump did *OR* hear Obama talk about grapping woman's pus*ies like Trump BRAGGED about doing often...
No he just supports terrorist organizations, divided out country, destroyed relationships with our closest allies, mans threatened our safety by depleting our millitary. I don’t care what he does in his private life he can still do the job.
As I noted, my aunt works for the Joint Chiefs of Staff in the Pentagon & she has heard from over 20 commanders & generals who ALL say Trump is immature, careless, reckless and lacks knowledge to keep us safe.  They aren't the only ones worried about the immature Trump:
Personally, I find it a little tough to watch more than a minute of Kellyanne Conway.
WATCH: During an event with Team USA Olympians and Paralympians at the White House, President Trump said, "What happened with the Paralympics was so incredible and so inspiring to me. And I watched — it's a little…
you can take a minute???
So funny you white nationalists now love the rapper you hated. Resign. Your husband hates your boss   Just go away   I still am curious why mueller hasn’t come for you?  Yet. Or maybe you’ve already flipped?? 
Bad dragon energy... both of those losers.
@kanyewest Especially when you hear voices in your head.

Not so fast: lyrics to new song here: 
"I know Obama was Heaven-sent
But ever since Trump won, it proved that I could be President"
2018: where trump is president and Kanye is the voice of reason! Please note- Not alternative facts
And Kellyanne looked so good at the dinner, sad they show up for the thing the comedian could at least be funny first. Isnt there a do no harm comedian code, like dont bomb on purpose to lash out like an angry 12  year old.
wait, I thought we were supposed to ignore celebrities.

Everyone needs to calm down already-for a person who has single handedly tried to destroy the truth every day, Sarah Huckabee Sanders deserved every second of this...she actually deserved much worse. 
…
Funny how if a celebrity disagrees w POTUS, they’re told to “stay in their lane”.  But if you agree, they love you.  Hypocrisy at its worst.
Amen... Yah cuz God is talkin bout dragon energy.


Seriously? Are you trying to be cool, by retweeting this nonsense? Smh...
Change that to Trump, doesn’t like black people, or Hillary, or @BarackObama , or Muslims, or disabled reporters, or public servants @Comey or reporters @Acosta or @Kaepernick7 ... yes, Amen, once Mueller is done we can be done with you and your boss and all your ridiculousness
Pray for your soul. I keep thinking how did you get that handsome husband, then I realize that’s the other woman liar in the admin.
She did what she does best to get him ... LIE !
Very cool
what the hell are you blabbering about
Including Michelle Wolf. 
1st amendment won tonite.

literally @MichaelAvenatti is everywhere and his trolling is perfect 
You shouldn’t be allowed to use the word Amen, when you support that orange pig!
#KellyAnneKanye
Protect out voting rights PLEASE.   Maybe use fingerprints,To vote.
True your hubby clearly does not but he is glad you’re out flapping your gums lying through your teeth but paying the mortgage on the Alpine NJ house

Kanye is a leader. Tom Arnold is a guy I really liked in comedy. Now he’s a wimpy man. Anyone can dog a conservative without recourse. He is needed of some recourse like SNL of today does.
Kanye needs a vacation! He doesn’t make any sense - I don’t take him seriously anymore...
#YUCKKK
Thank you Kanye for not caving to the satan believers , praying for you too.
Yes we do have the right to independent thought. Equally true, the mob can’t make us love him. Yet you constantly bash people who don’t like or respect the President. To each his own.
Hi ka, after Korean developments, Djt is worthy of nobel peace prize. He achieved in a few months what the dems could not in 8 years.
Keep praying.
Kanye and Trump have so much in common! They wives nude asses can be found on the internet?
And if you don’t agree woth Kellyanne, she will gnaw your nuts off.  Old #SkankFace gets those inclinations from her sweet mobster grandpa, Jimmy "The Brute" DiNatale.
Kellywise lol

Kanye off meds
Hey Conway tell trump he sounded like a madman ranting and raving it's really hilarious fox and friends they sound like a cartoon characters! trump is a laughingstock! Did you see fox and friends face they looked horrified when trump said he'll call them again that's not an honor
Amen.

: Only the mob pleads the 5th.
Bwahahahahahahaha
#Betamale loves another #Betamale


Please explain dragon energy to us. Apparently you would know since you gave the tweet an Amen.
Screw Kanye. PLEASE have the lunatic on Fox & Friends at least once a month. Once a week would be so much better. Priceless!
Please, please, please encourage @realDonaldTrump to do more @foxandfriends.  It saves prosecutors SO much time.
Kellyanne,  whoever does your hair and make up FIRE THEM
Kellyanne,  why can't  you tell West the truth? Trump only likes white.
You are SO STUPID Kelly!!!!
https://www.facebook.com/groups/JadeHelmDiscussion/permalink/906179939543790/ …
How can anyone wake up to you. Does your mate have a sight issue?
Your boss lost it yesterday on Fox .U would have to be deaf not to hear his insane rant and blind not to see the expression on their faces
How bout both @realDonaldTrump and @kanyewest are both delusional narcissists with probably more personality disorders to boot. @xintra has it right: Fame is a perverse deformity... and the people that have it, are willfully and deliberately fucked-up...
Kellyanne, you're embarrassment  is showing!  Shut up now


https://vimeo.com/262574422  #impeachTrump #TrumpRussiaconspiracy A government of lies - deceit - corruption
Yea... that's what we HAD!.. Trump is "cleaning house"! The days of "Clinton Cons" and "Obummer ass kissing" American hating/race separating era is over! Of course you are free to believe what you're told or  see for yourself! Time'll tell! Open ur eyes! 
Great interview with #HowieCarrshow
Shouldn’t you have to act Christian in order to say “amen”? Canine Conface is just another hypocrite.
If character assassination were so easy, you'd be long gone!
You Sad little Ignoramus...stand by your husband & children 

Or live a life of regret & explaining why you chose
@realDonaldTrump when he was clearly heading to jail

Join your family NOW & fk off & the inevitable 

Surely your family is way more important
You know Kanye is more mentally ill than Trump don’t you?!
Are you @officialKeef sister?

Thank you for your voice Kanye and NOT being SILENT!!
Whether U know it or not U are infamous. Some book you write in the future won't absolve U from  crimes you have committed against humanity by not only supporting Trump- but actively encouraging him to continue his destructive behavior. Not religious but will pray for your kids.
I second that Amen!
None of the nonsense going on now would have happened if we hadn't elected a CRIMINAL as POTUS.  Mr. Trump has to go.  And you, also, Kellyanne, are finished.
Oh Kellyanne, you crack us up!
President Trump, "Fox & Friends" regular? We'll see. He's been avoiding interviews lately, even on Fox. But @kellyannepolls says "he would like to perhaps come once a month and as news breaks..." https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-04-27/trump-to-start-monthly-appearances-on-fox-friends-aide-says …
.
Kellyanne Conway praises Trump’s Fox & Friends meltdown as ‘delicious’ — and says he’ll call in next month https://www.rawstory.com/2018/04/kellyanne-conway-praises-trumps-fox-friends-meltdown-delicious-says-hell-call-next-month/ …
Trump's interview was delicious? No wonder your family has disowned you! How much time do you spend in Mr. Candyman's office? If you dont have a drug problem have you just lost your mind?
cc: @kanyewest
ABsolutely I agree with Kayne and I agree with Free Thinking that is what makes America Great we can live in peace among each other we don't have to all agree on everything!!

Pleasel explain to me how this woman is superior to Michelle Obama.
Amen
Once again the soulless intelectual whore shows us another example of the special combination of crazy and stupid it takes to support Trumplethinskin.
It’s funny how when rappers disagree with your political stance it’s absolutely horrific and you make such a big deal over it, however, when they happen to agree with you they get praised. You should value EVERYONES opinion, not dismiss them.
Tell the orange man the witch hunt is over, I found this one

True!!!
You have gained this woman’s supports.  Hugs!

DAVID WEBB 

IS

AN 

UNCLE TOM
I DON'T KNOW WHO OR WHICH IDIOT WROTE ALL THIS, BUT WEBB, CONWAY AND KANYE ARE ALL RIDICULOUS. 

EVEN IF I AGREE OR DISAGREE WITH ANY OF THESE NUTS MAKES ME SICK TO NO END WHEN I SEE ANY ONE OF THESE CLOWNS, OR SEE ANYTHING SENT BY THEM.
Kellyanne get a life u looked out of control and not answering questions
KANYE WEST is a fucken joke you white trash bitch.
Do not twist you lips about Mrs. Obama, you have no class or grace! YOU are confused and but you desire to hurt Black women is over! You will be the next to get fired, and where did you get the money to pay from that house,
Girl, after that Sunday interview u gave, all u can tweet about is KW? Defensive, lost, all uppity. It's funny how hubby is so much smarter.


But do you still foolishly think Melania is "superior" to Michelle...sounds like you had to force yourself to render that opinion. Besides privilege, nude modeling and giving word for word speeches, what does Melania bring to the table? Don't force another personal opinion!
Yes
Amen to what kanye says??? How low have you people gonel??

Amen
Y'all sound desperate to change the story. How does it feel to be working your last job and knowing that it's how history will remember you, forever? I smile everytime I think about it.
Honey please get back to smoking your meth and stay off Twitter. Thanks.
The Mob already loves the so-called president.  Especially in New York and New Jersey.
I'm  a fan!
Why is Jeff sessions still Attorney General he needs to be fired and replaced with Rudy Giuliani
Rudy needs to replace your cat
I am sorry the left can’t let a black man have his own opinion and speak his own thoughts because they are not what he is suppose to do. They are a sad bunch!
Did you actually read this before retweeting?

Good news
It's about time people started thinking for themselves, after all if your not the leader dog,the view never changes and I don't like looking at someone's ass all the time, how about you ?

