Look who crawled out again

True Anthony, where is the memorial to all the Native Americans who were the victims of the genocide perpetrated by Europeans (many of them ITALIANS) who came and settled illegally in present day United States????
If you have to ask, then you surely don't have the wherewithal to comprehend the answer!
This coming from a crackhead.
When you want to help addicts by starving them:
BREAKING: Trump administration considering plan that would allow states to require drug testing for some food stamp recipients.
Like a drug addict buys food with those food stamps....
Yes, you’re right. Addicts don’t need to eat. They are able to photosynthesize and thus only need sunlight for survival. Either that or you’re a complete tool.
Never said they don't need to eat.... said drugs are more important
What you really said is you hate poor people.
Your a jackass .. I had a drug addict in the family so don't tell me what they do and that I hate poor ppl you pompous ass
Try working on a solution instead of a "memorial."
The opioid thing is a white trash Darwin event.
And what are they doing about solving the scourge of gun violence in your country? Isn’t it affecting more people?
Yes they are doing a lot about this problem !
They are getting THE BAD GUYS WITH GUNS !
Usually I don't answer to fake accounts with 0 followers!
But it was so obvious Had to do it for fun !
Click !
What? We just sit back and shake our heads.....
Why do these people deserve any more attention than the innocent that die from gun violence?   These people are addicts .... victims from gun violence are innocent!
Did you notice yesterday's @POTUS tweet referencing a "drunk/drugged up loser"?? Not in keeping with the fact that addiction is recognized as a treatable medical condition, and that those so afflicted deserve compassion and care. Explain the commitment there.
FLOTUS isn't committed to anything but shopping. She's about the most useless @FLOTUS this country's had. Her only so-called cause is cyber bullying but she remains silent when her husband does it on a daily basis. She's pretty much remained silent on it except for 1 appearance.
I can’t find anything that she has done regarding cyber bullying! She’s an empty headed bimbo
She's given one speech, about two months or so ago. I don't care if you love or hate any of our past FLOTUSes. At least they all tried to do something worthwhile. This one doesn't even try.

Ur figures R understated & must mean only deaths from prescribed opioids & drugs Total number of deaths from illegal & illegal opioids & drugs is over 60,000 which is why wall must be built Trump's running out of time 2 push that message a veritable 2 4 1 benefit-illegals & drugs
Where should we build a wall to prevent the 88,000 yearly alcohol deaths?
A fucking memorial?  Maybe do something real, like fund treatment, and hold drug manufacturers responsible for pushing Rx opioids on the American public.
How is it I've been taking hydrocodone responsibly since 2003 after struck by a tractor trailer and I'm not having this, "opioid crisis" that everybody is talking about, yet, the VA is now denying the amounts used and is trying to regulate my pain?
 Health is going down bad now!
Oh please. The only thing @potus is devoted to is insulting and firing everyone in his path who might contribute to his undoing.
JUST SAY NO AMREICA CASE CLOSED
You aren't doing jack squat to stop it. Maybe you dont want to stop your supply?
You were a lot more fun when you were introducing a horror series for HBO. #Kellyannecryptkeeper
It didn’t matter when it was called hillbilly heroin. But when privileged white teens and adults get hooked oh it’s game on.
As POTUS calls people druggies and such. Seems a little shallow and meaningless. Your narcissistic boss has no business being there and you no nothing of addiction or treatment. “Lock them up.” Isn’t Opioid Treatment. Sad, so sad. #trump #OpioidCrisis
Please save us from ourselves, afterall this is America, land of the safe and the all caring politicians running the government.
Is this a coded message to Russia?
victims of gun violences are missed by loved ones too ... except victims of gun violence don't make the choice what happens to them. Why isn't the being addressed? #fraud #corrupt #hypocrite #badmom
@FLOTUS is also supposedly committed to online bullying. That's gong really swell

This is a real problem that's been overlooked for way too long. Thankfully some headway will be made.
Go after the makers of the drug..

PURDUE PHARMACEUTICALS!!!!
Companies like Purdue Pharma, who were telling doctors their opioids were non-addictive, should be held accountable! My daughter is battling cancer and needs pain meds now, but I fear for her future MORE from addiction than cancer!

Please Kellyanne, get some sleep...are you aging in dog years? It's been a "ruff" two years, huh?
Alternative facts, how’s the FLOTUS coping with the adulterer in chief?
Then why does 45 sit on his hands - funds nothing - no actionable results - all bluster and no results.  Typical of our man-boy pres.
It's the "pain management" Rx professional PUSHERS ! These drugs are for short term, excruciating unrelenting pain, and end of life treatment. Marijuana will supplant opioids in most cases.
Sorry about your son BUT
The overwhelming majority are #fentanyl & #Heroin deaths not Rx opioids.QUIT LYING ABOUT THE DEATH RATES #FollowTheMoney #fireKolodny #BrandeisU #painpatientsUnited #chronicpain @IndiviorCEO #PROP @TheHellerSchool @SenateDems @FDA @CDCDirector @CMSGov
Fentanyl patches and pills are Rx & addictive as heroin. Morphine  pumps site meter 1/300 dose directly to the affected area and don't get you high as such.  Not that any of these meds are inherently bad. Just grossly misapplied and over-prescribed.
Refined sugar kills more people than prescription opioids.  This is BS with some kind of agenda behind it.
There's crisis but ppl denied r elderly & disabled.They r detoxed & sent home 2 drink so dr can make #. Prob is fentinal not scripts
How about we start by burning the CIA's poppy fields to the ground in Afghanistan as a start to end this?

The #CIA are the biggest #Opioid dealers in the world!

Hey hag, this fits you."Out, out, brief candle. Life's but a walking shadow. A POOR player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage. And then is heard no more. It is a tale told by an IDIOT, full of sound and fury, signifying NOTHING." U & McTrump will end like Macbeth.
The picture of a delusional soul gone off the rails.
You are a living memorial for the opioid crisis.  Let’s put you on the Ellipse for the next week. #haggard
OMG PLEASE BUY a hair brush!!!!!! #embarassingoncamera  if u could at least look normal and not crazy when u say the lies and crazy crap at least one could try to listen!   #craycray #witch #trumpballlicker
I bet no one in your surroundings ever wants to listen to your spins of everything. Hope you don't have children cause your teaching them deceptive skills!
Really what the hell is wrong with you you never even come close to the truth
Kellyanne Conway suffers massive meltdown on @CNN this morning as she struggled to answer basic questions from @ChrisCuomo
Watching you on CNN New Day. You. Are. Cray-zeee.


If you’re concerned about the opioid crisis then you should be viewing the over prescribing of opioids by drs

We filed a criminal complaint against Cambridge Analytica. Here’s how the group is connected to Donald Trump:
https://www.citizensforethics.org/legal-filing/crew-sends-doj-fbi-complaint-regarding-bannon-bolton-super-pac-trump-campaign-and-cambridge-analytica/ … 

Kellyanne Conway didn’t take her BS pills today. In a rare moment of candour this morning, she admitted that James Comey threw the election for Trump. I hope she forgets to take those pills when Mueller calls her in for another interview.
@Potus needs to start with getting rid of you.  What an unqualified hack you are

You’ve disgraced whatever slim argument .  Speaking none stop sounds more like a sphere of anger and dog fight. You brought up Trumps hair. U brought up his tie.  Stop the bull.
Im Sorry  but if your I  the lead for the opioid crisis then please share your credentials and experience in dealing with intervention and how your not being manipulated by big pharma my belief is @KellyannePolls  is a sham
Kellyanne forgot to take her meds this morning. What a nut job.
@kellyannePolls illustrates the term "decompensation" on live TV.
#CNNMELTDOWN
Kellyanne is a ‘wanna-be’ Valley Girl.
no they work for russia
You appear to be lying an awful lot today. Comey helped Trump. Trump did ask for loyalty.
What about solving the scourge of @POTUS AND @FLOTUS occupying the White House, you clown?
Are you comfortable with your children seeing you support a man that is an admitted sexual predator??

James Comey loves the taste of power? OMG! You are that blabbermouth it seems to enjoy the taste of power!
"Let me tell you something Christopher." I bet even Cuomo's mom doesn't use that tone with him!
You don’t have to be in the presence of the president of the United States to realize what a lowlife he is! He proves that over and over every day!
Here we go she’s back on CNN kellyanne looking like a desperate rag doll! Very rude with no Carisma on National tv. She spins the truth but in such an nasty attitude way!
You BLAB on and on about the swing states in the election and then you tell Chris Cuomo not to rehash the 2016 election! YOU brought up the 2016 election!!
Their dealers should be locked up if they overprescribed, which we know is also a part of the epidemic.
Interesting that you refer to Comey Statements as GUTTER but You Are Silent Knowing that Trump is GUTTER Every Single Day!!!!!
Better use of money would be for treatment not a memorial
Let me ask you a serious question. Are all of you people in the white crazy or is it just those of you near the top?
White house that is

Please explain what a memorial is going to do to help living addicts. It's just another waste of money by an ineffective administration.
No one cares what You think. 
#stupidmess
Back to
#FakeLyingRudeMSM
THANK YOU
FOR TAKING ON
DISGUSTING MSM
#MAGA
GREAT JOB WITH
DISGUSTING MSM

The Mercers aren’t content with fucking up their own country, apparently. They have to do it to everyone else’s, too. 

What a horrific family legacy they have decided to leave the world. …

Where are the funds to get kids help? Monuments and walls will not save lives, real programs is what we need, not symbols.
@FLOTUS  is not remotely qualified to solve a crossowrd puzzle.
Oh Miss Conjob: he's talking about you.
Who gives a shit if Trump, Kellyanne Conway, Ronna McDaniel, or any of those MAGA fools criticize the Comey book without reading it. 

They obviously hadn’t read the Bible either and talk about that all the…
What a horrible joke to say that POTUS & FLOTUS care a fig for others.
LOL   You and the government are up in the ass about opiods.  How about doing something about drunk driving?
Good grief, get more mental health access not jail & restrictions. These people already have issues that they are trying to self medicate to make go away.  Does anyone NOT see this!
Ask why we that rejected the opioids and used acupuncture and/or homeopathic remedies could not be reimbursed via Medicare? It these alternatives work for us -- why does Medicare and AMA say they don't? Look at our medical and dental histories.
@DrugPolicyOrg for INFORMED  solutions.

So sad!
The problem with the war on opioids is that it is severely hurting people that NEED prescription pain medicine on a daily basis because of chronic pain caused by chronic diseases!! It’s wrong for officials that don’t have chronic pain to say what’s best for those that do!!!!!
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S OPIOD WAR!
HELP US ! PAIN IS NOT A CRIME! I AM HURTING SO TERRIBLY, THIS IS WRONG! I'VE BEEN IN CRONIC PAIN  SINCE 2003. DEFINITELY STUCK IN BED AGAIN! THE PAIN IS TOO GREAT! DR'S LOWERING MY MEDS BECAUSE OF PRESIDENT TRUMP! YOU MESSED IT UP, NOW PLEASE FIX IT!
@KelyannePolls have you ever considered auditioning for The Walking Dead , you’re a natural 
I m loving your husband on trump
are any of your retweets connected to real people
and not #alternativefacts

Hello from Red Deer we are facing a crisis here in Alberta I'm a blessed grandmother of four and very thankful so far drugs are not part of their lives yet knowing so many are losing their lives  devastating to many families
You are not educated in addiction nor a Dr. The only way someone like you could know the struggle is when a loved one becomes addicted. like family. like some Americans learn about addiction after burying their children after an OD. I hope you don't learn like that. do your JOB.
Let's help people manage their pain with medical Cannabis. It saves lives.
Still covering for a pathological liar Kellyanne?
They are morons

http://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/opinion/letters-to-the-editor/sd-le-trump-promises-fact-check-utak-20180412-story.html …
#potus #trump #MAGA #news
@realDonaldTrump @nikkihaley @seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @Cabinet @newtgingrich @SenJohnMcCain @RandPaul
Judge Jeanine has what it takes to take on the JD’s swamp.
Please recommend Judge Jeanine to replace Sessions. Sessions is from the swamp and still protects the swamp. Judge Jeanine has what it take on the Justice Department’s swamp. Thank you.
"Many people" think S. Libby was a victim of a special counsel run amok? What "many people"? He lied to protect VP Cheney and a CIA agent was outed! Pardoning Libby is truly deplorable - and "many people know" it.
Hey Kelly! In which episode of The Walking Dead did you turn?

Two of the assistant U.S. attorneys investigating Michael Cohen are part of the public corruption unit, which goes after corruption crimes committed by government officials, as well as frauds committed against the government. https://www.thedailybeast.com/prosecutors-probing-michael-cohen-have-nailed-financial-frauds-corrupt-pols-and-organized-crooks/ …
They should work on the scourge of their SHAM MARRIAGE
The memorial of officers who guard our borders doesn’t exist. We should make one for those who died protecting our nation
This is so important! Many thanks to the President and First Lady! 

Why the hell do you keep popping up in my Twitter feed when I'm not following you or your "alternative facts" (a.k.a. blatant lies)?
I give you all the credit for this. @gtconway3d and the kids must be so proud.
Real Talk. 
Link does not work.  Help.
Wow, you really think a memorial is the answer. Waste of time, money, and resources.
Hey Kelly. Go home to your hubby.  Listen to him. Not the MF in our WH
You owe it to your boss to tell him that his idiocy in Syria has probably fundamentally undermined his attachment to what was his base.
my lifelong friends are victims of heroine addiction. there father passed away and a bad person caught them at a low point in their lives. they fight and suffer daily trying to obtain sobriety again. the sheer physical pain they go through is incredible
When were the faces collected. I have two in my neighborhood; and know four from a athletic club! How do we get their faces on a memorial?

When will @GOP hold @purduepharma accountable for their lies and fake science? #CorruptGOP #BlueWave2018
You mean like the way your face is immortalized in a stoney, frozen, evil smirking lie expression?
How about a wall of tobacco and alcohol deaths- you'd need a fucking wall the size of the Empire State building
I predict another divorce in 2018. But who gets Trump? Kellyanne?

It's not a 'scourge' to people suffering horrendous & disabling pain every second of their lives. They don't get a high from their badly needed opioids; with any luck they might just get enough relief from their pain  to be able to function. These people should not be denied.
What about a memorial to the seniors and disabled who will die sick and homeless because of cuts to Medicare, Social Security, and Low Income Housing to pay for the Repub's tax scame of 2017?
Hey Evil Sea Hag. WRT to you saying that @Comey mentioning the Pee Tape being none of his business. Have you forgotten @POTUS asked him to investigate it? Totally his business, Evil Sea Hag!
FLOTUS is dedicated to solving POTUS? Interesting!


Yup, send it to Congress 4 a vote. Then, they can take the fallout....#Syria
#dirtydonnie can dish it out BUT he cant take it 
BIG BABY 
Moron
Hag
I think many opioid deaths are from street bought opioids.
Would you ever bring your daughter over and have Trump watch them alone
When did you kick your opioid habit. It’s taken it’s toll on your mind and your face.
Uh, she hasn’t.
Yes. Working for the evil trump administration would make me turn to opioids too. Anything to escape looking into the mirror or soul.
A soul? @KellyannePolls is lacking that.

The only scourge in this country is the President, the current administration which includes liars like you and @PressSec .



Please stop spinning the truth.  It’s hard to watch you lie, yet again.  And please wipe that smirk off your face.

