If the WH was serious about this problem and their desire to help the American people they’d send serious professionals, not “alternative facts” Conway.
Do you have a clearance?  Anyway, you should go as well.
Chief of Staff John Kelly likely to exit White House over Rob Porter abuse scandal, experts say
http://nydn.us/2EV0em0  
When will the administration follow the DEA’s recommendation and charge the Sacklers for flooding the market with OxyContin? It is shameful how much $$$ they made off addictions.
How about putting pediatricians, psychologists, social workers, and addictionologists in charge of the infant opioid crisis instead of Melania and Kellyanne?


#KellyanneConway aka #SewerRatBarbie 
#Liar
#ComplicitWitch
#MAGA
#FuckMAGA
#FuckTrump
You are doing nothing to help stop this epidemic!! One scheduled meeting to ask a few questions.  So superficial.
You guys will let them grow up then give them guns
I have to let you know how you make me feel
and what makes you qualified to be the head of anything?
That's what she looked like before she got her sex change! Just saying

https://www.facebook.com/ryan.ward.52438174/posts/1668532659860062 …
"Conway and I definitely agree on one thing she said during that interview: 'There’s a stigma and a silence surrounding all these issues. . . . Those who are in a position to do something about it ought to.'”
But yet this admin does nothing but talk the talk..
What does Kelly Ann or Trump care. They are cutting funding to fight opioid addiction.  ALL TALK NO ACTION.
This so-called war on opiates is a knee jerk reaction w/o being fully thought out...countless people w/ chronic debilitating pain are now having to needlessly suffer because the govt restrictions on doctors which is inhumane! We need controls on opiates but this has gone 2 far!
We Love KellyAnne
Dear Rob O’Neil @mchooyah if Bin Laden wasn’t dead and you were given the mission to terminate him by poisoning him and @POTUS @realDonaldTrump + @jeffsessions gave you choice to use marijuana or opioid pills to do the job, which one would you chose to kill Bin Laden by poison??!
Kellyanne Conway's Sham Opioid Commission Is Ignoring the Advice of Experts  @alternet
Kellyanne the Queen of FAKE NEWS.  This team is all talk and no action.  Kellyanne is pretending to care. Only going for photo ops. No ACTION!!! America is not stupid.

Kellyanne need to Admit herself into rehab. Saynotodrugs
To ALL those feeling great because of the Dow Jones going "down:" 
Remember how much it went up in less than a year thanks to President @realDonaldTrump & yes, the stock market goes up and down.  How did I miss your glaring happiness each time it went up during Trump first year?
We did. We just know that it has little to do about 45, and mostly an Obama era rise. But, since he took credit for the rise 45 owns the slide!


@KellyannePolls A friend of mine lost her 22 year old daughter to a heroin overdose last year. The father of this girls Baby just passed a few days back...from a heroin overdose.This baby is 5 years old without a mother or father now. I wish they would have known about #kratom
#kratomeducation  #kratomsaveslives


Ask docs what is impact of kids seeing or hearing men who are violent against women and get away with it!
QUESTION!  How do you treat getting punched in the face by your husband and then watching the President and Govt give him a free pass and LITERALLY free acess hes not granted by the FBI?  DYING to hear your response @KellyannePolls
People are dying out here and what is your plan? A war on drugs? Lock them up? Have you learned nothing? Times have changed, addiction is a mental health problem and a big pharma issue. Until you address these issues, no wall or jail cell will work. Try listening to the experts.
Should you be expose kellyann to opioids, she’s on her rehab program #prayforkellyann
You People at That Criminal WH Are Nothing At All But A Large Slew Of PEICES OF LYING SHIT'S!!!!!!!.......!!!!!!!
Talked to Bob lately?
Why bother? Your administration has and will do NOTHING.
Wow.  DIdn't this "work" start 9 months ago?  You are just now getting around to this issue?
Kellyanne please guide me to your list of opioid addiction advances. I keep getting comments on NarcAnon pages that nothing is being done. Please contact people in the center of this madness. I can give you names. Contacting MDs not helpful.
Both of them are worthless


You do know that Oliver North was part of Noreiga's drug cartel.
  He was defended by Jay Sekulow!
  Sekulow is now defending Trump!
  Remember them?
@FLOTUS does not need Conway around, it's a totally superfluous presence.  

Just as others have moved to better places as part of the WH dynamics, it is time now to make Mrs. Conway go somewhere where she could be more useful.
AGREE!  She's lip service only abt OPIOID CRISIS!  She's totally desmantling the drug division, does not consult medical or policy experts,  in the pockets of BIG PHARM, loosening regulations while est. of 129 to 142 ppl are dying every day.  She lies constantly.
Found a picture of Kellyanne that was long lost to the internet
I never thought I would say it, but can we have Christie back? Scumbag but at least he truly cared about addiction issues.
You are all fucking horrendous representatives and leaders for the opioid crisis. All of us working in addictions deserve much better. Also, how about some FUNDING so we can care for people???
Glad Kellyanne Conway was with our wonderful First Lady at this event. Mrs. Trump is our most iconic First Lady since Jackie Kennedy.  Its a disgrace how the MSM reacts to our President & First family. @HARRISFAULKNER , @GOPChairwoman @SandraSmithFox , @JudgeJeanine  , @PressSec
Questions like are they illegals? do they belong to MS13? are they Muslims?
Like. How do i leave my husband?
I hope you quarantined the area. Kelly Anne is a plague that will destroy millions with her cancerous lies.
How about staffing this opioid war with EXPERTS? No more political appointees for such an important fight.
Gasp! Several questions...

Tells us about all the qualified medical personnel on your opioid commission! Other than build a wall and just say no what are you doing?
Ask all you want. Until the administration coughs up $$, questions are a waste of breath. How about tossing opioid manufacturers, the real pushers, in jail?
A Campaign flack and an out of work model. Only the best people.
The administration should be asking Physians more questions daily. We are the most regulated industry. Follow us around and learn how little it helps patients and how much it costs!
This admin is doing nothing.
That is pretty terrible. It’s a good thing funding for stopping the spread of opioid abuse was not slashed!!!
How’s melania’s anti-bullying campaign going?  And trump’s declaration of opioid emergency?  Like months ago?  Pathetic.
Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum asking questions? 
@KellyannePolls My Marines and I will gladly take the spots of Eagles players who don’t want to attend the whole house! @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump #iraq&afghanistanvets #activeduty
Poor Melania! She needs to regain her dignity and move out of the White House. She now knows where those tiny little hands of been.
Quit acting like you care!

Doing a great job
The market crashing.  Why aren’t you working on fixing that instead
Like how to fund rehab for parent???????
POTUS: Jared and Ivanka can't stand Kellyanne. She is probably now trying to suck up to you to remain relevant. Don't fall for it. She cares for no one but herself. She wants relevance and will suck the blood out of you as she does to everyone.
Personal concerns?

CONGRATULATIONS  

To @realDonaldTrump for the WORST drop in the Dow Jones for a single day!!!!!!!…
U need to pray our Markets level out from the Damage Trump has done to them! Trillions are now lost in the Markets an it's a worse Dropped in HISTORY &then what put us in the Recession in 2008! We can only Hope Obama strong Economy he built holds up now an carry us through this!
History was made today when the Markets Dropped Faster an Deeper then they have ever dropped in the History of this Country!! Trump not smart enough to heed the Warning signs! He was so egotistic he could only Brag about himself, an missed every sign this was about to happen.
Markets Fall & Trillions lost! For the last yrs Yellen was our Fair Godmother as she worked with Obama to keep the Bull Market Steady as you go!Trump deep Tax Cut the core of this country&markets/his lack of Trade/lack of leadership/Less Trusted President&Fed Chair!HISTORY MADE!
Bet you two ask the good Drs about Botox,Facelifts,boobjobs and ohhhhhh yeah.That opioid thingy
Oooh! Several questions!! #wow #amazing #inquisitive several questions!!
Stop big pharma!
Are you taking any reporter questions?

Dow suffers largest point drop in history! Wow! Going to take credit for that? 
#MuellerIsComing
It's a shame that is reality, i think if we could education our children from k5 through college about drug,food, MOST OF THEIR LIVES we can change this. Dealing now with this requires hard commitments to child and mother , strick and caring resolutions.
So?

Sen. Hassan: "Trump has been all talk, little action on the opioid crisis" http://ti.me/2BKobJH 
They need to ask doctors about the behavior the president displayed at his rally.
Too bad there aren't more treatment centers funded by Medicaid.
I think it’d be a nice change to see FLOTUS in action instead of watching Trump rallies.
Kellyanne instead of tweeting this stuff get something out to cover my ass on the stock market crisis.

Wow! They asked questions! I would have never thought to do that.
Are they trying to discern where Donald’s problems originated?
Kellyanne - "So I have this "friend" that's addicted to meth.  What's the best way to quit smoking meth?  I mean, for my friend to quit smoking meth.  So I can tell my friend."
Why is Conway keeping tabs on Melania? Is @potus afraid that @flotus will speak her mind?
too bad tRump admin won't fund, keep talking
Any solution to the opioid crisis that does not involve reigning in Oxycontin maker, @purduepharma is disingenuous and fake. #BigPharma
She speaks English? She’s an alien, isn’t she?
Cincy Children's is one of the best in United States they do great work!!!!!
Nobody cares. Asking ?s won't make #SewerRatBarbie or wifey good human beings.  They're not.  They're judged by the company they keep.  #LockThemUp #DrainTheTrumpSwamp.
Why? It's not like Trump will do anything but talk about it. He has no intention of funding it.
And it has been more than a year since you all shouted about tackling this crisis! And, as usual, all we get is photo ops and words. Losers!!
Are they going to invest so they can make extra money out of those kids in need ????
Awwww,  didn't know you cared...blu ribbon
@realDonaldTrump 

So stop talking and tweeting 

AND FUND OPIOD PREVENTION

Seems you only have money for rich donors,
The rest of America you have words & tweets

YOU’RE IN CHARGE! 
DO ONE THING GOOD IN THIS DEBACLE

#VoteThemOut2018 
#VoteThemOut2018 
#VoteThemOut2018
Any comment on Dow down over 1,600 points since Friday?
Probably not!
#MuellerIsComing
Wasn't that much.... Not even over 3 days..
Not even 10 points. Also, do you 2 ignoramus'  think this was the place to tweet about the Dow ? Classless. Just like every other lib. Classless.
@FLOTUS is an unaccomplished, vapid national and global embarrassment...but at least she wore clothes..
Trump is killing the Dow, take credit,take blame.
How about the stock market
we LOVE love our beautiful sweet compassionate FLOTUS Melania
Translation: How can we take healthcare and CHIP away from more children, but look as though we actually care about them? #WeSeeYouGOP #GetReal #BeHonest
