Wow not nice
It's the liberal take on things... they'll use anything to insult and attack... even someone's condolences and understanding of and respect for the suffering of those families.
I don’t agree with calling her names but her condolences mean nothing when her party does ZERO to address the gun issue. Zero! Side note: Her implying Hope Hicks was too strong to be abused by a man (Porter) was very naive.
I agree, calling names ends a needed discussion
Neither side's done much to correct issues that create situations like Cruz in FLA... mainly because the focus is as a "gun issue". 
Haven't seen the Hope Hicks bit yet, but can guarantee accurate, unbiased  sources are hard to find
There are not two sides on this issue.  

@GOP  controls house, Senate, wh.

In the last year, one side has made it easier for mentally ill to get guns.  One side let assault weopons ban expire.  One side passed a budget to  reduce funding in prevention areas.
One side supports and is supported by white nationalist faux militias that trained this shooter.  One side sends thoughts and prayers but refuses to bring any gun law up for debate.

One side received overwhelming majority of @NRA blood money
It is too late to not politicize school shootings. We see you, NRA-supported US Representatives. And we're fucking coming for you on election day. https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/nra-donations/?utm_term=.31e7a026a5eb …
Your one-sided diatribe blaming everything on GOP while ignoring the Dem responsibility is typ of the Left who came out to politicize this issue w/in mins. It's uninformed & does nothing to further this conversation.
It's the type of rhetoric fed by Dems & msm to vilify for votes
The shooter.
That's A lie. He is a democrat.
They believe if they put it in a meme, everyone will believe it's true
Lol they got problems
The GOP gets 99% of all the money the NRA uses for campaigns. It’s blood money! But you already know how despicable they are!  We don’t believe your Kremlin rhetoric!
99%? Try getting your stats from a legitimate news sources.

It's not blood money. How many NRA members have committed this type of crime? Try gathering actual facts. 

Kremlin rhetoric?! Aren't you getting your talking points mixed up?

BREAKING: Leader of white nationalist group has confirmed suspect in Florida school shooting was member of his organization.
No. Not god bless. He's not real. Instead ban guns from civilians. That's the line....
The worst part? This maniac would of found that out and there would of been no way to stop him...and kill thousands by leveling the building. Not one Democrat has called for the removal of this manual, this is not about safety but about subjugation.
There was an armed guard at the school who never even came into contact with the shooter. More guns are not the solution. Arming our schools is not the solution.
Then the armed guard...failed those kids and himself by not doing his duty. Just like the FBI failed those kids...by not doing their duty. Again please read my previous tweets, MANIACS will find out that it’s public knowledge on how to create high powered explosives.
If you concede the fact MANIACS exist - then why defend the process that makes it easy for them to inflict the most damage in the shortest amount of time?
Because the consequences of losing the second amendment would be tremendous, profound and dangerous. Moreover, it would not achieve the goal of “safety”, the knowledge to construct a high powered explosive device...is public knowledge in the US. That should scare you...
No one wants to get rid of the Second Amendment, just guns with high rate of fire, what does any normal person need an AR-15 for target shooting?
Great question! The reason is very simple, we are 20 trillion in debt to 4 or 5 men who own conglomerates of banks. Banning AR-15s would not make us “safer” as the manual for making explosives is in the library of Congress. If it wasn’t an AR it would be a truck bomb
And these are the victims of Sandy Hook. Six years of republican inaction. How many more of our children will die before you do something. #gunsense #parkland
To gun control people: We already have far more than adequate gun laws on the books. The issue is not guns. The issue =sin. America murders the unborn, causing many to have no regard for the lives of others outside the womb. God is left out- therefore there is no hope.
You’re going to jail you’re going to jail you’re going to jail you’re going to jail you’re going to jail you’re going to jail you’re going to jail
God has probably done all she/he can at this point.  Politicians like your boss are the ones who should act to reform gun control. #GunReformNow

the US must Do something To stop the Genocide/Holocaust  in Damascus Syria...need a "no fly zone over city"
My prays are with the families. These children were taken away from us too soon. Use time spent with loved ones wisely and NOT being hateful or degrading.  My heart is breaking for the families and the children who were submitted to this horror.
Meanwhile you enable the next mass shooter

 Healing
You mean ‘victims of the Florida school mental health issue’, right? It wasn’t the gun, it was mental stability that murdered a bunch of kids according to your guy. Don’t lose any sleep, though. The right to bear arms is worth at least a couple dozen kids’ lives per incident.
Really is that like the platitudes from Paul Ryan ?we the people want action not cheap talk from the people who take NRA bloodmoney and their shills Andy that would be you ,bless your heart
Perhaps it was preventable?
May their faces be seared into the minds of every politician who ever accepted a dime from the NRA. May their souls haunt you until you move to enact common sense regulation on the weapons that murdered them.
its fake !  dont you know?
or are you fake too?
Say hi to the culprits for me when you see them in congress
Excuse you???? Keep these people's names out of your mouth. Blood on your hands too.
Since Trump & KellyAnne Conway claim victory for their "Bowling Green Massacre", what assault weapons did you use?
Did the NRA & GOP take up the same kind of guns with you to win that FakeNewsMassacre reported by FOX & Friends?

#VoteOutGOP 11/6/18

I also pray to God their souls rest in peace  added with that prayer for these innocent souls is a prayer for the future of millions. I pray this tragedy doesn't lead to more..
Historically, disarmament of citizens has almost always led to mass murder or genocide at the hands of corrupt, criminal governments.
Wait.... you just said, "I pray for their souls... But don't take my guns..." ... just be honest and drop the part about praying for their souls...
I'll put you squarely in the "I have no argument" group, then...

I'd love to hear your argument why your guns are more important than their souls.... I really would...
Only God can judge what is more important. Not you or me. Move on fagboy
Wait, so you're saying your God MIGHT JUST ACTUALLY value your guns over 17 children's lives... that's fan-fucking-tastic, I guess, if you're good with it....
God would bless gun control.
Like you really give two shits there Kellyann meth head. Has your microwave taken your photo of late? U so UG-LY u broke the camera. #justsayno

#kelpyanne will burn in hell.
Oh please. We all know you don't care. All you care about is blowing trump and kissing his ass
Watch the beat lately? Someone is in deep doo doo
Unless the administration does something soon to control guns, you will be tweeting this message again and again.
At least the GOP is profiting off of this.  Thanks for the help!

Your compassion rings so very, very hollow, ma'am. Their blood is on the GOP's hands. Consider the stunning sums the NRA has paid in support of GOP. Even common-sense gun laws are blocked. Complicit. #NRA #GunControlNow @ReaalDonalTrump #NRA @NRA Not a panacea, but a help.
the world hate Americans ,,, we don't feel sorry for you , coz of what your elected politicals
https://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=115&session=1&vote=00066 …
Do something more than ‘tweeting’
AMEN!
All new style is with big doors on your sleeper Truckers
And God damn your guilty souls in the White House. #guncontrolnow
No more prayers... we need ACTION on A-15 guns!
Remember with out the 2nd amendment there will be no other AMENDMENTS !
You are so wrong. The most important Amendment is the First Amendment- that is why the Founding Fathters made it the First and the Right to bear arms-The Second.
Yeah with out the 2nd there will be no other AMENDMENTS !
God punish your guilty soul and that of your boss, who with your help made it a lot easier for someone with a mental illness to acquire an assault weapon.  By mentioning the victims you dishonor them.  Your hypocrisy has no boundaries.
Yes Kelly, talk to your boss,The President of the United States. Tell him what to do! Then Christine, how about you go talk to your boss..let him/her know what they need to do ,to run their buisness better. ..stupid tweet.
Cool.  Feel free to say anything to those saying the kids are crisis actors?
Just stop Kelly. Please, just stop, pack ur shi+ & get out. If u & ur boss cared u'd listen to the majority of America & get the ball rolling for #commonsensegunlaws 
#NRAterrorists  
#TheShooterWasATrumpster 
#NRABloodMoney 
#VoteThemOut2018 
#BlueTsunami
This is about subjugation of the US populace, once guns are taken away, they will never be given back...that can never be allowed to happen. Our politicians will and can completely ignore our votes like they do in countries without gun ownership (immigration crisis in Europe)
The American populace is too fucking stupid to be handling guns - as evidenced by the number of American gun deaths.
Another lie, violent crime has gone down while gun ownership has gone up. However, the only thing that gets replayed over and over again is the gun violence.
Um....no violent crime has not gone down. R u daft?
Violent crime is the lowest in American history. It’s literally lower then when we banned assault rifles. Again, people can be easily fooled by the TV because all they show are the tragedies...unfortunately because they profit from it (you watch, advertisers pay more)
What are YOU doing to stop the next shooting?
What are you doing?
America should wake up with regards to gun and assault weapons. The 2nd is way out of date. The US is the only country in the civilized world facing regular mass shootings.
So the 1st, and 4th, and 5th must also be way out of date....
Those amendments don’t kill
His argument is they are old and outdated
Trump thinks they are a bunch of snowflake Dimms. Get tough & not get killed in mass shootings. Right @GOP ?

AHAHAHAHAHAHAH... HA... HA - Do you really care? Kids. DEAD. Guns. Cool. No one seems to care about a "well regulated militia"... Just guns for everyone...

You helped pass a bill making it easier for people with mental illness to buy guns.
Are you talking about the victims or the NRA
Yes Kellyanne and now the FBI needs to be investigated for letting the warning signs go when they got information on this Cruise guy they did nothing they could have stopped this massacre.
We need national reciprocity to defend ourselves from evil leftists who like to murder people.

"We don't just need to pray...We need to act...Republicans and the NRA say, now is not the time to talk about guns. Yes, it is." -Hillary

I think we just have to get used to this.  This is America, just the way the GOP wants it.  Guns everywhere.  Dead schoolchildren a part of everyday life.
We need to bring back public hangings. N start with him.

#RIP
Trump's budget shows his priority is not protecting American families and their children fom gun violence.
You are complicit with an administration that is responsible for their deaths. You were likely there, looking for a photo-op, when @realDonaldTrump signed the law that reversed regulations on gun-purchase background checks for mental illness. We did not elect you.
Just for you
They want action, not God!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxD3o-9H1lY …

@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @VP @POTUS @PressSec @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump @gop @GOPChairwoman @SecNielsen
Goddam you and fellow GOP sycophants.
Blessings do not save lives, they are apologies to the dead. Gun laws, not empty blessings.

And may your own soul receive its just reward in the afterlife for being one of Donald Trump's primary enablers.
She’s one of the witches.
The FBI failed the country again. They could have absolutely gone straight to the fla. Mass murderer through u-Tube. FBI IS A USELESS ENTITY, only concerned with undermining POTUS Trump and upholding for the crooked Hillary type criminals.
White House refuses to reveal immigration status of Melania’s parents:
You have a lot of nerve
Too bad our idiot Trump and the stupid GOP don’t do something to stop it.  Oh that’s right, the NRA bought their souls.
God bless, do something about it, and be an actual. human that solves this... Ffs
You are so fos
And how will you convince your boss to enable legislation
And yet we shut down mental health facilities!
Gun pusher #kellyanneconway protects 
AR-15 over 15 year old kids.

When will she start to attack every single talking student?

Her master #trump killed it playing golf while victims were buried.
mentally ill people WITHOUT guns do not shoot people!  How can you be pro life and pro guns?  #NRABloodMoney #NRAWhore
So you're idiotic enough to say people don't kill with knives, automobiles, poison, rope, and other items???
The AR-15 rifle is designed to kill enemy troops.  It’s basically an M-15 without being fully automatic.  It’s the most popular gun in America.  You hunt people with these weapons.  STOP SELLING THEM!!!
Pig.
Just because you don't have a soul, doesn't mean you can have theirs.  Hands off.


your a disgrace, you don't care about any of those children.. you only care about yourself !!! #dirtyrigthrepublican
Complicit bitch!
Thanks for absolutely nothing, puppet.
You and your despicable @GOP are complicit with @NRA to slaughter Americans. #BanAssaultWeapons
Your words are as empty as your head! Save it Smellyanne!
They’re your victims, and every other DC dweller who was pimped out by the NRA. How do you sleep?
Thank you for posting @KellyannePolls
God Bless??? Why in the hell was the mental health bill undone why why why
You have their blood on your hands
Now IS the time to pass gun control law that protects us all.
These words sound so shallow and hollow!! Actions speak louder than words and @realDonaldTrump really needs to act soon and enforce legislation in favor of gun control! Too many children have died already and platitudes won't work any more!
The vigil is precious, but it's too late for us all to show up for the students.  There are so many troubled children in so many schools, it's hard to know who will strike next.  Schools need strong presence of parents to share the love of Christ that it is illegal to proclaim.
Victims of a school shooting or victims of government officials from the President on down, who have no guts to stand up to the NRA.
You have a big mouth, maybe it could help if you put it to use and mention to Stupid about Gun Control and Americans life's. Do your job.
Why are you and the rest so quiet after the indictments yesterday.
Awesome, you were retweeting Russian Troll bots, #KellyanneTroll...
You, Ms Conway, and your friends have the blood of the Parkland students on your hands.
We need to DEMAND that prayer and Bible reading is put back in our schools!! Guns are NOT the problem!! Godless DEMONIC hearts ARE!
Stop lady they are dead because of your boss the blood of these children and the victims of Vegas are on you
That Shameless 45 and company (you) allowed to happen. Hyppachristians all.
Recognise these words?
You  need to pray for your evil cult leader Trump. Do good for evil , he is the evil
Bless you too, hon.
Deaf ears! The Russian-backed @GOP keeps guns in the hands of the mentally unstable with the help of @realDonaldTrump. You aren’t the academic side. Case in point: @EricTrump
#NRABloodMoney
Stop pretending to care. NRA bloodsucker
How can you... mouthpiece for Trump, who the NRA spent $30 million to elect-and he immediately signed law making it easier for mentally ill to get guns. What if it were your children? Would you still schill for them? #GunReformNow #NRAterrorists #GOPComplicit
god cannot put laws into place my dear.
You are a complicit part of a regime that fuels this type of action.  You support a man that changed mental health laws relating to guns and is pro NRA.  Don't think there is not blood on your hands.

You have no soul, witch.
Change your gun laws.
KELLY U R RIGHT THEY R VICTIMS, AS R LAS VEGAS, SAN BERNADINO, ORLANDO, BOSTON ALL OTHER MASS MURDERS CAUSED BY THE EVIL GUN CONTROL DEEP STATE & FBI EVIL POLITICAL ELITES THESE PEOPLE NEED TO BE INDICTED 4 BEING COMPLICIT N MASS MURDER ENOUGH TALK! THEY WON’T STOP UNTIL GET GUNS
Please have armed security, National guard, police dogs at every school
Thanks for recognizing that my right to a weapon of mass destruction is greater than anyone else’s right to life!!!! USA USA USA USA
He used vx or sarin?
bots, bots, bots all over the place today.
How about not calling on God and instead support a ban on assault weapons?
how do you look at your children at night with your policies?
Those are the victims of YOUR admin & the NRA. the blood is on Trump's hands and the hands of those that work for him. Kellyanne.
So school shooting on Obama’s watch were the victims of him and his adm.

Ugh...simple minds ...we have had it with your manufactured sympathy.  Every other developed nation in the world developed stricter gun laws after 1 incident and have not had to deal with it over & over..here's a fact for you..your boss/cronies are whores to the NRA..FACT
#Complicit
#Complicit
Don’t fucking blame #JakeTapper you lied all over morning TV last week, #RobPorter #JaredKushner #Ivanka and your #TrailerTrashBarbie sister #SarahSanders Still are working off interim access. #Complicit #Liar
Sick of your crocodile tears

I agree, you’re going to hell regardless of what you say
If Trump wants to convince people he is a leader , he should sit down with these victims on national tv and address their concerns and answer their questions .
But he won't
He knows they will mop the floor with him.
#stablegenius
Really, Kelly? I wonder to what well regulated militia the shooter belonged to?
Get back under your stone!
Yes, god bless. Then you and yours roll over and go back to sleep on this issue. #NRABloodOnYourHands
STFU. No one wants to hear anything from your lying complicit mouth. Gives me great satisfaction to see what all your lying has done to you. It’s all showing on your face.
This is insane .. the republicans are being paid off .They Care about money more the care about children life’s .. if their children were being killed how would they feel.. disgraceful . And If your going to go after people with mental issues go after  head first
WE NEED MORE THAN GOD BLESSING US. We are HIS hands and feet!!! We need to outlaw BumpStocks and semi automatics.Put metal detectors in schools and reopen mental health institutions. FOR GOD'S SAKE YOU ARE A MOTHER.
"They say that tougher gun laws do not decrease gun violence. We call BS!" Florida high school shooting survivor Emma Gonzalez calls on President Trump and lawmakers to tighten gun restrictions in impassioned…
Then DO something. I'm a republican and common sense gun control is needed.
These are the victims of the men and women in your party who take millions from the NRA.... no more spin... Americans are sick of your party pandering to the NRA.. we will not forget in ...November!!!!!!!

Donald Trump Jr. supports silencers because it'll get little kids to play with guns 
You should just be quiet in this one sweetheart.
Ex-GOP lawmaker to voters: If you want to stop mass shootings, kick Republicans out of office
