Your words.

Maybe he sang and he sang and he sang.   Keep saying the word sang and say it faster and faster.
Ok, first Halley was confused, then Kudlow was confused and Halley being confused and now KAC is confused about her own confusion. Damn, where is the Tylenol.
Maybe you should stop talking once in a while and pay attention to the questions. And, perhaps, try answering one for a change.
Sure Kellyanne. You vomit words to the point that you can’t even follow what you’re saying.
your language makes you ugly
Do you often bully people just for the hell of it?
Here's a bully for you
For most Presidents mocking a disabled person would’ve been the lowest point of their campaign/ Presidency but Trump has managed to knock out the bottom of the barrel and dig even lower.

You'd actually prefer Hillary over Trump?  Both are horrible people,  but Hillary?  Really?

Also, Conservatives debate,  whereas Liberals argue....and when they lose they accuse others of racism or bigotry to soothe their wounds.
I wonder why 
Yeap! And you benefited from that.
And we are supposed to believe anything you say? Now THAT'S worthy of an eye roll!
Yup sounds alternative
Hexenbeist.

He swung his tongue!?!
Comeys book should of been titled Who is J Comey ?
I don't know !
Sure Kellyannne
45 americans who defined the election

https://capitalparanaense.blogspot.com.br/2016/11/45-americans-who-defined-election-race_48.html …
Just remember 3 million more Americans voted for the other candidate
we do need to bring it up when people talk about how many people voted for him he needs to be reminded he actually lost  The popular vote
He actually didnt
He didn't but Conway did and does it everytime she has a mic
Is nothing beneath you - how do you live with yourself?  More importantly, how does anyone live with you?  Please stop....
Eye roll like only you can deliver.
When are you going to admit you’re sleeping with Trump?
Lol
The last straw seemed to be when Mrs. Clinton was tied into her best friends estranged husband?  Sadly and unfortunately for her it couldn't be addressed with "hush money"?
Kiss this Jersey girl's ass..

Who's balls did you kneel down to?
Wow. Didn’t realize how many times you have to defend your jr high style put downs. Guess you just aren’t a great surrogate. Entertaining.
You’re a hissing opossum, Kellyanne. Always on the defensive, a true crisis actor, indeed.

Lol!

#IBelieveComey 
Your performances on tv this morning were absolutely nauseating. 
Is it so important to put Donny’s lies and corruption over our country that you’ll say and do absolutely anything to defend him? That’s what they call unAmerican. 
Jealous?
Dull ?
Mindy McGillivray
Jessica Drake
Cassandra Searles
Jessica Leeds
Stormy Daniels
Jill Harth
Katy Tur
Karena Virginia
Temple Taggart
Kristin Anderson
Bridget Sullivan
Tasha Dixon
Rachel Crooks
Mariah Billado
Karen McDougal
Aubrey O'Day
Natasha Stoynoff
Katie Johnson
Summer Zervos
Stay away from open windows for a while, maybe?
When .@realDonaldTrump finds out that @KellyannePolls admitted that the Trump win was illegitimate because of Comey he’s going to freak and maybe fire her. 
But..but she said it was about Hillary last time. You mean she lies! And bs..that’s to blame him and not collision..do not fall for it. That negates wikileaks and russia..Facebook..and all we know now! One man..bullshit.
So, why isn't Hatch Act being used against her?
Because Trump ..she just got a talking to..
your king is going to be very upset with you
What is really surprising whether you are Republican or Democrat is that this self serving lowlife who every1 knows lied & leaked info.was director of FBI! I seriously question any investigation he was involved in! the guy has no integrity at all! Be interesting 2c who hires him!
Famous confessions:

“You’re goddamn right I did”
    - Jack Nicholson 

“This guy swung an election”
    - Kellyanne Conway

Comey could not even swing at a swingers party!
Great Women!
Ha ha ha. Conway finally admitted Comey swung the election to Trump!
The American people swung the election to send to Washington a very effective person, President Trump ... Thank heavens, otherwise we would never had known about the corruption in DC.  The corruption is deep and wide.
Backpedaling again...
Tweeting twat
You said it ...
Bet comey wishes he had met bill on the tarmac so he could get his story straight
Donald Trump trabajo una comedia trabajo en lucha libre llegó ser empresario manager ministrador agente de los jugadores boxeadores de la lucha libre y de otros deportes y después Se tiró a la política llegó ser senador después buscó la presidencia y fue presidente y es president
Say what u want sweetie, the effects of this administration can be seen in every new line on your already aged face.
Please go away you are worst then our so called president. Miss alternative facts
The left will try to use any excuse to explain why Hillary lost the election. Maybe she was simply a terrible candidate who deserved to lose?
Everything you say makes me roll my eyes.
#SlimeBallComey
Anything you say. any opinion you have is paid for in advance. A novel, creative solution to anything smoldering in the WH, will never emanate from your mouth. You are a shill, Ms. Conway. Relative time to obscurity? T - 90 days. Then you will be unrelentingly sued and jailed.

Comey has disgraced his former office.  We have seldom heard from any public official such blatant statements admitting to the actions taken to weasel out of responsibility!  This guy is a coward.  One white feather for you, Mr. Comey!
So Trump can call anyone he wants any name he wants but others can't follow his own practice? Trump is the most unprofessional President in history. You are no better. You said the wrong thing & were forced to try to explain it away. Stay off camera. You are horrible at it.
Your a reptile in a dress....
You can not take back the only truth you have ever told in your life.  You screwed up and told the truth and nothing you say now will change it. You are about has reviled and hated as Trump.
Ok Skelotor, whatever you say we believe, NOT!! #MethHeadKelly
Haha!  Talk about a swing and a miss!
The Russians helped.
This is all you have got to say about the election? Remember you said trump WON. So why the sarcasm over small stuff? Stay out of this.
Maybe you should put more thought into what you say on air. Your history of saying the wrong thing isn’t great, is it?
They're still trying to blame Coney for the last minute re-opening of Hillary investigation. He re-opened it because they just found what was on Weiner laptop!  Then had to cover it all AGAIN but copies of the hard drive have been dispersed. Trump knows all. Sick stuff.
Every appearance you make and every syllable you utter should be routinely accompanied by an eye roll and question mark.
Libtards just can’t believe Trump won and the American people had their mind set on who they were going to vote for long before the election!

I f-cking love Kellyanne!
Comey swung with the other corrupt monkies in the swamp throw the critters in a zoo
We saw you, you meant it. You know it’s the truth and you said it. You may not have wanted to but you said it and it certainly looked like you meant it. It was an ‘oopsy’.
Well how about you explain this shit!

Do you ever get tired of your own bullshit?
Trump's base isn't interested in your political bullsh*t.

We want ACTION on his campaign promises, and we want it NOW!

Stop trying to blow smoke up our asses and get to work.

We are tired of being lied to.

Build the DAMN WALL

#MAGA @realDonaldTrump @AnnCoulter
What people don't seem to realize is that Hillary swung the RESULTS of the Election!!
Please tell the President to fire Mueller and smug ass Christopher Wray. That would help this Country more than anything.
Why don't you talk about something important to getting the President re-elected? For example: 

Reducing immigration 

Expanding and protecting gun rights

Protecting free speech

Ending NAFTA & H1B

Defunding Planned Parenthood 

Defunding NPR

#MAGA @realDonaldTrump @NRA
End h1b: nope bad idea
Muller & Rosenstien

It is important to remember that, while Bannon may be out of the White House, his partners in crime — Conway and Miller — remain. The Horsemen of the Trumpocalypse are still riding high: …
This is for you !
James Comey is a goober.
You are back??? The hiatus you took while learning to open your mouth without putting your foot into it should have been longer. The lessons didn't take.
I NO THAT VOTING IS FAKE CANT FOOL ME TRUMP EVEN SAID IT WHILE HE WAS RUNNING DID U ALL FORGET YES U DID
If you have to explain a joke it wasn't funny.
POS- a military term for you Kellyanne: thats what you are!  Disgusting!

He wanted to be double agent but none of the sides wants to recruit him. Such a corrupt man.
#PutinPuppet @realDonaldTrump STOPS new sanctions to be placed on Russia. #peepeetape #Dotard #Unfit #weak #TrumpColluded
Everything about Trump is misleading..when its about Obama its real..the verdict is in..Trump is incompetent and has no honor of the office he occupies. He rants like a kid and does no understand the responsibility of what it entails to be the president.
No one believes anything you say! You have no credibility! Please disappear
the headline contradicts itself!  If he "swung" it Trump would be his biggest fan.
Geezus...Baghdad Barbie is back from the Crypt...eye roll and question mark ?

Kids, this  is the reason you should just say no to the crack pipe! 

Hey, you said it... maybe people just briefly forgot that nothing that comes out of your mouth is ever the truth
I got the book I buy anything that shows Trump's complicity.
There you go again with your alternate facts. Who the hell would believe anything you say?

Comey’s ass should have been fired ... back when he made such a disastrous call 11 days before the election . I said it then and I have never wavered . He overreached!

Trump’s motives for firing Comey are unrelated . Slimy , self serving , & probably illegal ...MOTIVES MATTER .
For personal gain, that 600 yr old witch was willing to help the Russians & our own oligarchs destroy America. We are losing the First Cyber War & she is a war criminal.

He did!
...if,...and I say if you still have a job by noon today.......it will be a miracle equal to walking on water...not thin ice. You, have just admitted to Trump @realDonaldTrump that he is an illegitimate president. You have just confirmed what millions of people already knew.
No, we already know it was the Russians. NOW go sit down or better yet bury your head in the sand as always!
Idiot
@realDonaldTrump Dem's & Repub's still don't grasp Americans rejected anti Trump propaganda tsunami. How??? Americans are street smart, have to be to survive.
I honestly think you're full of crap on purpose. You're smarter than this. Let's face it, Clinton, Obama, and Trump are garbage. You know it's true.
Nobody cares what some hag has to say!
Careful, Trump will have Cohen threaten you into signing an NDA to protect his conspiracy to commit treason !
We are supposed to believe THIS chick tells the truth?
#FakePresident #illegitimatePresident @realDonaldTrump 

BREAKING NEWS: @KellyannePolls TELLS THE TRUTH FINALLY!!!
"Yes, @realDonaldTrump CHEATED and #colluded with #Russia to swing the election. He IS the #illegitimatePresident "
-Kellyanne Conway 
Too late @KellyannePolls 
YOU'RE FIRED! 
OK, I'll give you the benefit of the doubt...You really meant to say: "Putin &  @realDonaldTrump 's data firm, #CambridgeAnalytica swung election with #FakeNews and vote hacking, not THIS guy @Comey *eye roll* ?" 
#illegitimatePresident
have info for you , inbox ?
Trump is sucking the life out of you.  Inside and out.  75 years old?
I know! Eye roll and question mark.
There is absolutely NOTHING @KellyannePolls can't and won't somehow try to SPIN no matter how pathetic the attempt! We heard YOU with our own ears LIAR not to mention that after all the many incessant LIES your credibility is SHOT! #KarmaIsComingForYouAll hahahhaha #LockThemAllUp
I WOULD TAKE A BULLET FOR HIM COMEY YOU PIECE OF GARBAGE. LOYALTY AND HONOR AND TO DEFEND YOUR PRESIDENT YOU FAILED AMERICA AND IT,S PEOPLE
HE THINKS HE A WISE GUY,YUP TRUMP WAS YOUR BOSS..
YOU HAD YOUR CHANCE TO STRAITENING OUT YOUR DEPARTMENT
TRUMP KNEW WHAT WAS GOING ON HE IS ONE OF THE BEST BUSINESS PEOPLE I HAVE STUDIED,HE IS BRILIANT AND LOYAL TO HIS FRIENDS YOU BLEW IT COMEY.FOR THE LOVE OF COUNTRY YOU FAILED
All fbi  fisa rules and fisa court rules pertaining to evidence. Didn’t even tell the judge clinton paid for the evidence and you ask is it relevant my god you have lost the plot kelly you need to start saying of course Comey made little deal about Russia
Clinton. Do you really think Comey briefed President properly about Russia and dossier and also clinton paid for it? He is the incoming president of USA and he lied straight to his face.  Relevance you say? Highly relevant cause they used dossier and broke
Chris Cuomo. Kept saying u come when ur called Comey said Pres showed no questions about Russia .... lol Chris seriously . Comey kept it all low key cause he used the dossier to get fisa warrant. Of course he wouldn’t say there is dossier and paid for by
The only thing better than @realDonaldTrump  going to prison for treason would be seeing you handcuffed and deported never to be seen or heard from again. #WeCanHope

He is sure shaken the WH

One good thing - you were talking so fast, trying to get in as much BS in a short amount of time. We couldn't keep up - George finally managed to cut in and give our ears a break! Whew...... all that screeching!
Spin, Spin, Spin - Spin around.
Kellyanne should save her rage for her hairdresser where it belongs.
More alternative facts.
Of course it’s not true, but assuming arguendo that it is, why on earth is the left lionizing him now? 

Are you really looking to this 6’8” piece of inept soy to save you?
Hillary's crookedness swung an election, we all remembered Benghazi, calling us a basket of Deplorables, her high and mighty entitled attitude, how Bill disgraced the oval office, I was NEVER going to vote for her before ANYTHING with Comey happened.
ABC. FAKE news. Few are buying their BS.

Kellyanne, keep up the MAGA GREAT work
TRUMP'S supporters swung the election!


I hope her kids grow up and marry people just like Trump.
You can roll your eyes all you want .  See I just did the same thing but clearly it means nothing!  Blank slate!
Certainly didn't help did it? If there was same equivalency and announcement that people connected to @realDonaldTrump were being investigated then that would be fair ...
When you say "Misleading headline", is that some kind of secret code for "I was quoted verbatim"?
People are only quoting you and your assertion that Mr. Comey threw the election towards Don with his interference.  If you don't want to be quoted in context, stop talking.
It's because he swung an election
Should know better. You’re a parent and this is what you stoop to. For what? Power? Compromise your character in defense of a corrupt flawed man, a man you strongly opposed until you guy Ted was out. Demonstrate character for your kids. Shame.
Pinnochio @KellyannePolls Your misleading headlines and alternative facts fool only brainwashed Trumpsters
Yes lets give him the credit. That will ruin his democratic  career, main thing to say is no true American would take a career in the gov.  as important as his and write a book hoping to get rich on his high and might position. That does NOT sound like a man of integrity. Agree?
Russians swung the election and Lying Trump knows it!! Illegitimate and despicable old man!!
I'm so glad @KellyannePolls that you finally admitted on national tv that @realDonaldTrump is an illegitimate President and that Comey swung the election. Thanks for finally telling the truth.
Conway your the one that makes absolutely no sense. I know you forgot to take your sane pills or lay off whatever it is your taking
To late, @KellyannePolls, you said it. It's on video. It will replay over and over again whenever pundits choose to giggle. Congrats for finally saying one true thing.
Remember this 
Astonished by the all-out assault on Comey by Team Clinton. Suggesting he is a partisan interfering with the election is dangerous & unfair.

This is one time you told the truth Krackanne Conway!!! @realDonaldTrump When are you going FIRE her!!!! She basically confirmed what we've been saying all along you're a fake president!!
Hilarious.  Twitter was giving you a countdown til you posted this.  Rofl
Yet PEOPLE think the same about trump and President Putin
Only #Democrats could DANCE the Democrats MUSIC .... No wonder JAMES COMEY swung to #Democrats & DANCING with Crooked Hillary Clinton ....
You are really bad at sarcasm
It's a joke but the Media is starting to believe their own nonsense!!
You rith  but karma is coming
Nice try at walking your comment back. We all see through the smoke and mirrors.
Alternative facts.
#GASLIGHTING!!!
@Comey has proven he has no balls, can’t swing a Johnson (not the motor) much less an erection/election
Go away. We do not like wasting our #Taxpayer dollars on people, like you, who openly violate our government ethics rules. #HatchAct
You’re going down, you have time to come clean and save your soul...I  mean your ass
I dunno seems pretty straight forward Kelly.
People believe this guy more than your guy.
You make me sick and always vomit after seeing you on TV. I don’t understand why @ABC keeps brining you on! You are so nauseating! Yaikes!

The only thing Comey swung was BS on his first interview!
You actually tweeted it when trump won. Can’t have it both ways
.@KellyannePolls  Ooopsie daisy!

That's not news. Here's some crow for you to sup on:
Russia did Miss Wonderful
I can see the implication all three times. The problem is that you used to be an extremely effective liar. Now, over time, your skills are breaking down and the lies don't stick as well.
oh he most certainly did -- should never have made a statement in the weeks before the election and I firmly believe he helped elect Trump.  And I know he and half the country regret it to this day!
Shut up, #Beavis.
Just like Sean Spicer you will have no political career after this. That is why you continue to stay in this Administration and lie and everyone can tell it in your face everyday. Having your husband try and send a message to the president it's not going to redeem you
Unfortunately kellyanne you or anybody in this Administration has no of credibility whatsoever. You have repeatedly lied and have been caught and unfortunately for you, you are one of the people that history will be most unforgiving to.
I have had it,,,this is B S

I still can't fathom a situation,Comedy was oblivious of all the criminality in Barclays Investment Bank,his silent is criminal.These corrupt Barclays PLC guys,short of corporate standards have close ties with politicians especially the Dems.
Comey/comedy and his predecessor Mueller are envious of President Trump,they've insulted the majority of Americans who heard Hillary say Trump isn't fit and yet elected him.
Ha!  Btw. How’s you’re marriage.  George. He’s honest
I eye roll & question almost everything Kellyanne Conway says. She truly does represent the President - as a liar & back-peddler. I once admired her spin artistry but now see her as just mouthpiece for a corrupt & disgraceful WH. Sold her soul...
You said it. I heard you.
Remember even the bush tape could not let alone Comey?
I don't support @KellyannePolls, in any way, but I agree that what she said had a clear sarcastic inflection, which was likely overheard due to her desire to expel her verbal diarrhea, she'd been practicing in the mirror, as fast as possible. Plenty of other things to hit her for
You may not thinks so, but you don't KNOW so.
I heard you say it on New Day this morning. With all due respect, this is the least of your worries
Your should be promoted Kellyanne...bullshitter in chief!
Misleading  and Kellyanne certainly belong in the same sentence
Not what you said after the election. So how is the Donald in bed?

Kellyanne, Kellyanne, Kellyanne you protest too much. In an unscripted moment your emotions got the better of you and you spoke the truth. I miss the calm, reasoned republican you used to be when you were a guest on Bill Maher. What happened to you?
Jeeeze ABC, talk about misleading.. 

Comet: the leaker and lier
