“I won the places that are optimistic, diverse, dynamic, moving forward,” Hillary Clinton said, describing Trump’s pitch as: “You didn't like black people getting rights, you don't like women, you know, getting jobs, you don't want..Indian Americans succeeding more than you are.” https://twitter.com/businessinsider/status/973319552334430214 …
There is no bigger ego than Trump. He cares only for himself and his family and rich cronies. If he cared about the country he would stop causing division, stop insulting people and would call out Russia.
Clare, Trump stripped ISIS, cut regulations to cause a booming economy&jobs, got a tax cut passed, got NoKo 2 the negotiating table with no support from DEMS. He's the 1st pres to tackle the trade deficit. All items that matter2 everyday Americans. We R not divided or insulted.
I am sorry but I don’t see what you see. Tax cuts do not help me. Cutting regulations will endanger Americans. International relations have been severely weakened. NoKo is a ruse. Russia is leading Trump by the nose. Tourism Industry has dropped. Trump wasting $MM taxpayer $.
1. I'm saving $1300/yr w/no dep. Fam w/children will get up2 $1400 back of the child credit that isn't used2 wipe out taxes owed + double std deduction...it will be like they itemized if they R low income + lower tax rate!  They R going 2 B so happy April 2019 & stimulate economy
2.Cutting reg has set the economy on fire by unleashing businesses from restrictions, excessive paperwork & oppressive taxes that made hiring 2 expensive so they stayed small & unproductive. Less reg= less gov...save taxpayer $s.
3. Trump has China&Russia2 voting against NoKo at UN...1st president2 do that. Twitter is full of Tweets from other countries (UK, Sweden, Germany, Greece, Africa, Australia) wishing their country had a Trump clone. Hosted many at WhiteHouse. Get out of Ur bubble & U'd see.
4. Give a link showing US tourism is down that is not impacted by the 3 recent hurricaines & massive wildfires in CA. No1 said NoKo might not be playing 4 time but it's the Left that said Trump wld start a war &now complains abt talks? Left paid blackmail $s & GAVE time 4 nukes!
It really doesn’t matter what I say because you will never be persuaded. I wish you well and hope Trump meets your expectations. I suspect even if the Senate Intelligence and Mueller prove Trump and his campaign collaborated with Russia you would still call it fake.
Haven't you been fired yet?  How many laws do you have to break to get a little accountability applied within the Whitehouse?

What's your microwave doing right now?
Why would she be sorry for calling you deplorable? You are deplorable but fact is, that word was too nice for you. I call you much worse.
And you can’t add she won more than half of the country child. Geesh.
Can’t wait until you all are taken out in handcuffs
HILLARY thinks so little of half the country. TRUMP INSULTS THE WHOLE WORLD EVERY TIME HE OPENS HIS IGNORANT MOUTH! U know KELLYANNE when I read some of your tweets I wonder where you live.
“Deplorable” was waaaayyyy too kind.
Your a major deplorable! How’s things on the home front now that your hubby has stopped drinking the cool aid. Maybe you and Donnie Junior?
Shhhhhh! Have you yet been disciplined for your violations? Why are you still there? Why are you still talking. Pack and go, you are a disgrace!
Now Kellyanne, that is kind of catty
Ahhh...the TRUE President!
she was right.
Kellyanne is right. Hillary is wrong.

America is SICK OF HER.
She actually nauseates the majority of Americans
She actually won the majority vote.
Hon, California illegals with the Fake        I. D.s don't count... 
Just like Fox News, and Trump’s BS commission, you have ZERO EVIDENCE of this.
So, you OK with Electoral I. D. Right?
Hillary Clinton has nothing to be sorry about. You, Conjob, are deplorable... as is everyone like you.
Kellyanne supports alternative facts, therefore, everything she says is false.
The problem is the attitude. The we’re better than you attitude. Her supporters are better than the rest of the country attitude. The arrogance, ugh!
IMHO @HillaryClinton is putting forward a case that she is of unfit mind to face any prosecutions for the dozens of crimes she’s ‘alledgedly’ committed!
Might have to re-open Alcatraz for her
She wasn't even sorry she got caught, only sorry you don't feel the same way she does.
That's exactly why she lost.
Your entire regime is deplorable.  Corrupt and inept, head to toe.

HRC was right.

And you didn't come close to getting the support of half of this country....maybe a 6th...and not even a majority.

This presidency comes with an asterisk.
*didn't win the popular vote
*colluded with Russia
CONGRATULATIONS MR. PRESIDENT. We the people are sick and tired of the lies, the propaganda and the deceitfulness by the media. Hey Schiff, Pelosi, and the Hate Trump Media, All your doing is guaranteeing A TRUMP WIN IN 2020. God Bless our POTUS and USA 
Most Americans detest him. Keep your 35%. That’s fine. VA TX AL CT WI districts- all flipped from in special elections from very red to blue. Tomorrow it’ll be PA. Blue Wave 2018 2020
Bet you $1 it will be RED..
Ha ha. My point is that reliably red districts have flipped. And there’s so many more to come. Cling to your 35% and love your leader. I get it. If you can support someone who boasts ab grabbing women and seeing young girls naked that says everything ab u Your days are numbered.
Sorry, but VA was already blue...
Wrong. I’ve lived in VA for 38 years. Only No VA is consistently blue.
Well I've lived in VA for almost 60 years and you're right about NOVA... just so happened that the demoncrap governor managed to give the voting rights back to felons just in time for elections.  When all is said and done, I think they'll find a lot of cheating happened.
I'll bet you're an evangelical "christian" -- all full of forgiveness for adulterers, pedophiles, con men, grifters, and liars -- but god help anyone who's been sentenced to prison and served their term and been released.  For you, paying the price of their crimes isn't enough?
She said HALF of Trump supporters were fed up with politics/politicians & that's why they were drawn to him. She said the other half were the deplorables (i.e., racists, misogynists, xenophobes). You all decided to take the deplorable side.
Stay tuned for some math 1/2
Almost 1/2 of eligible voters,  didn't vote. Over 1/4 of the rest voted HRC. The other 1/4 (but 3mil less than voted HRC) voted trump.  Half of trump's 1/4 equals about 1/8th of voters. That is not half the country! 
You DO NOT have that much support. And you are deplorable.
2/2
BREAKING: Hillary Clinton's Ankles
https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/house-republicans-say-investigation-found-no-evidence-russia-trump-collusion-n855986 …
You're gonna need a new profile pic really soon.
Who’s “us”?  Don’t lump us in with “you”.  I assure you that the band of grifters you work for don’t represent what is best about our nation.
Hillary didn't call ALL Trump supporters deplorable or irredeemable.  She was referring only to the particularly vile bigots and racists.  You all chose to wear the title - perhaps because you recognized yourselves?
Your bitterness and envy are existent on that really scary face of yours suggestion to quit obsessing about HRC eat lots
of French fries and Ice Cream isn’t that what you recommended for addicts
My favorite shirt! I wore it today.
Well, if the shoe fits  You guys are #Deplorables
The “deplorable” thing is old news. Something that will be News; the things Trump has to say about you and the names he will call you the day you resign!

Picture a smiling Trump;

“Kellyanne was literally on her knees begging me to stay?”

You’re not immune; you’re a fool!!

Technically, a little less than half the country.
Your POTUS is obsessed with her. Seems you might be too.
You're deplorable, and traitorous as well.  After your arrest and convictions, I will attend the public hanging with glee.
Hills still bitter they had to cancel her custom Air Force one. #CartBeforeTheHorseFace #sourgrapes
And you broke the law twice while in the WH and had Russia's help to get there and yet, no apology from your sorry @$$.
And look what the President calls people. Oh wait you’re the one that was slamming Trump for awhile
Kellyanne Conway Used To Hate Donald Trump http://youtu.be/aL_0PZuJVLk  via @YouTube
You are deplorable and irredeemable.  Unlike your boss, she tells the truth.
It is laughable that a woman who proudly works for and defends 45 on the daily wants anyone to apologize for their words or behavior.
She was probably using "Alternative Facts."
Why would she apologize for being correct?
That's due to the fact that you remain DEPLORABLE.  IRREDEEMABLE.  AND PRETTY FREAKING UGLY.  Will the dog play with you or did you scare that away also?
@BarackObama @MichelleObama @donnabrazile @WSJ @USATODAY @business @hufgenie @donlemon @VanJones68 @CREWcrew @RepJoeKennedy
You have to have mental health issues .. your sick and a joke to this country.. you are part of the reason

She doesn’t need to be sorry for anything. Maybe it’d make sense to call that out IF you could do the same for Tr*mp. Smh.
Despicable . . Even the demeaning comment inferring women are too weak to make their own decisions
Treasonous Trump is guilty of:

Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion,Obstruction of Justice, Collusion,Obstruction of Justice, Collusion,Obstruction of Justice, Collusion
Kellyanne was voted most likely to steal Dalmatian puppies to make a fur coat.
Ahhhh, I needed a good laugh today. Thank you....  I’m still giggling.....
Why should she be sorry You have all Proven her to be 100% correct You are worse than #Deplorable
Are you all ever sorry for all of the name calling Trump does?  People in glass houses....

Oh, do please be quiet #SkeletorBarbie
bet it reminds you of someone else caught with their pants down
Well half the country thinks supporting a racist bigot of a demogue, want to be dictator, who has more loyalty to Putin than the US Citizens is insane.  Anyone still supporting the Russian President is deplorable.
Atleast she doesnt look like a meth addict.
Still holding a grudge I see......... time to move on lady.
Why would she apologize for the truth? Most Trump supporters don’t understand the fundamentals of government or policy. They support despicable behaviour by a grifter who supposedly speaks for them, but ultimately takes from them #DonaldTrump #MAGA
The ones here in KY are really pathetic. They *seriously* think trump is going to bring back all the coal jobs that left our state. Trump and McConnell are frauds. #LiarInChief
Just stop you thought you were going to lose and we’re just as shocked as everyone else that you won. Plus you won the electoral college not the popularity vote. A majority of citizens VOTED AGAINST @realDonaldTrump !
So Dominic R U giving Ur tax cut back that no DEM voted 4? Donating it like Trump does his salary? Give it to the female rape victims of ISIS that Trump has all but wiped out. Did you see the women taking off their Niqabs after they were rescued? Obama left them suffering4 years.
Give back tax cut? If Dominic is in the top 1% he’s probably not on Twitter right now.
Not in the top 1% yet but definitely in the the top 10%  . Just bought my mom a house last year.
That is wonderful!  Congrats to you and your Mom. Trump wants that 4 ALL Americans. He's trying 2 bring that back via business incentives & jobs 4 the cities decimated by past bad trade deals where ppl have lost savings, homes & cars 4 lack of jobs.
and you prove her right EVERY SINGLE DAY!! #DeplorablesIsTooKind
?????? Guess that makes  sense . .
. . If you’re a Democrat
A decent human would be an intelligent, hard working, tough, savvy mother of 4 (who never murdered any of her unborn children)
Trump offered a path to citizenship for 1.8 million dreamers.  Dems refuse to resolve, but sit on their hands.  End of story
Don. Please read. Trump did no such thing. He has a proven track record of lies and bullshit. Be smarter!
and yet . . . Are you ready for this?
America is getting greater . . again  already kept 75% of his campaign promises . . Obama?
a look back...
Respect is a 2-way street...buddy.  Especially when a human being is putting themselves on the line for one that doesn't appreciate them and thinks they're sub-human. Sad.
You and I are sub human to all these politicians. Get your head out of your ass. They don’t give a shit about anything but their pocket books!
Hello
Why should @HillaryClinton feel sorry for telling the truth? You and people like you are #deplorable.
Caught? 

She said it in front of cameras you silly little bean.
You are Kelly
Stay in your lane Conway. Don't you have the Hatch rule to break again?
I don’t accept her apology ... fake apology not from the heart ... she is deplorable !
@Kellyannepolls you are under investigation for travel expense violations with Price, sit down, smoke your meth and shut up
You literally work for a Con-Artist.
You are DEPLORABLE and IRREDEEMABLE
Kelly, get real. You've used and abused these kind hearted and loyal red state people for personal gain at these people's expense. Your entire career is based upon manipulating them with the very values they hold dear. You're the deplorable HRC speaks of.
You are deplorable. You want her to lie like a Republican?
She was right - Trump and his supporters truly are deplorable. Including you. Especially you. And stop violating the Hatch Act!
You are truly one of the worst role models for young women today.  Evil, bullying, dishonest and in general crazy.
If the "Basket" fits ....
Nice try to distract from #TrumpRussiaConspiracy
Well,
you are Deplorable and Irredeemable
The mass hypnosis is threatening our national security
you and your secret nation of rich people who want to ruin other's lives
God is not happy with you.
That's who you need to worry about
God is the only redeemer
Unlike you, Hillary is truthful, doesn't suck up to a moronic illegitimate president, doesn't deal in 'alternative facts', has a clear conscience, isn't being investigated by Mueller, hasn't ruined her reputation by association with deplorables. You aren't 1/4 the woman she is!
@jaketapper One person's "forward " is another person's backwards.......
Hillary said this at a fundraiser...it was intentionally public.  And if the shoe fits...
No kidding. Shitheads like @cernovich, @JackPosobiec and @BreitbartNews spreading #pizzagate conspiracy theories was deplorable. No doubt about it, she had it right.
You ARE deplorable. Why should she feel bad for calling you that?
That 'deplorable' thing sank her ship.  How does a woman her age not realize that?
Don't hold your breath.
Yep, the entire trump campaign and damn scamily will be going down.
He's our only Hope man. Obama trashed us for 8 years! Look around at this cesspool.
The cesspool is the trump admin. Obama was a great president, something our now liar in chief will never be.
Our military in particular tanked under Obama.  So many services cut.  Morale way down.  Now troops have something to fight for again.  One great Nation under God.
Agree to disagree.  Peace.
You're both, so no apology necessary.
Why is the Chumpy posse still talking about Hillary Clinton??!?
(Way less than half)
If the shoe fits...
*jackboot
polish it and goose step down Main St. Don't wear that Trump golf uniform.
She was right about the deplorables. She warned us about Russia. And she won the 500 counties that produce 64% of the GDP to Trump counties’ 36%. (Brookings Inst.)
The Left celebrates strong women until they R faced with one that doesn't agree with them. Then they tear her down. Hillary blames disagreeable women on their husbands as if they don't have the capacity to think for themselves. HYPOCRITES!!!
Strong women don't allow themselves to be used as tokens as Palin, Criminalanne Conway, Marsha  Blackburn, Michele Bachmann, @GOPChairwoman do...
I mean she said it in a public forum so it's not like she was afraid of being caught you silly woman. If you put down the bleach you'd be doing us natural blondes a favor. ;)
You work for a racist, misogynistic, crude man. What else could you be than deplorable?
Caught? She said it openly in a speech and definitely low-balled the number of deplorables
You are deplorable. FACTS
She is planning on running again!!
The part of the country that are not deplorable are going to jump for joy when your Haggard ass goes to prison, like grandpa Jimmy the Brute, like granddaughter
*less than half the country. Fixed that for ya.
You are deplorable and irredeemable. She was right. Why aren't you jumping ship like the rest of the rats?
Skanky kellyanne
Who was that guy who got booted out of the WH financial improprieties?  Gone with #RobPorter ?
But you are deplorable.
Hillary won California. I wonder if the American Citizens having to wade in the filth created by the flood of Illegal Immigrants in Los Angeles & San Francisco think that's what a progressive society is supposed to be like.
Go to jail @KellyannePolls
SHE WAS RIGHT!!!!!
Secretary Clinton was correct to call you scum buckets “deplorable.” You prove it DAILY. 
She was right your ilk are deplorable and unredeemable. F you are a #TraitorTrump supporter you deserve all the bad things in the universe.
Because they are you twit. Can’t wait for the day your boss goes to prison. You sold out to a man you knew was a crook. No integrity. Live with that.
You are deplorable
She has nothing to apologize for.  You are deplorable and have proven to be irredeemable.
Shouldn’t you be more concerned with pretty bad defeats in congressional races?
Well, at least in regards to you, Hillary was right.
The President thinks so little of women, Blacks, Latinos, and other countries. Do you need to be reminded of the what all he has said? #hypocrite #whyyousoobsessed
You know he just hired a woman to be head of the CIA and he has a black man in charge of HUD and black and Hispanic unemployment is at a all time low but your right he doesn't care
Have you talked with Mr Mueller yet?
Funny you say that because Crooked Donald only cares about the 35% of very disturbed people who voted for him.
That’s because her statement is 100% correct. And you all are deplorable in every way, shape, and form.
So, what laws do you plan on breaking this week?
You are a living haunted house
You choose to group yourself in with who she was calling deplorable. That’s on you. Racists, bigots, homophobs, etc...if you self identify as one of them, then that’s on you.
You all act deplorable and and it was not "half the country" but a minority of voters and even smaller section of "the country". Now, either act like decent human beings or wear your deplorable banner proudly as so many in the asshole class have chose to do.

26% is not half. Stop manipulating.
Except that you actually are deplorable.
opinions from the sewer again? Sewer rats like you could be called upon to pay with their lives. You are that evil.
Why won't Trump enforce sanctions against Russia?
They don't WORK, might be a possible reason.
So the sanctions against them by BHO didn’t work? But doing nothing will certainly send a message right? tRUMP is so up Puttie’s ass it’s not funny. His firing of Tillerson is just more proof he’s in bed with the Russians. What a weak administration! #CorrupTrump #CorruptWH
sorry, calling countries 's---holes' and 1000 other things your boss has done since taking office ARE deplorable.  along with the racists you pander to.   not sorry.
Not sorry either 
Crawl back in your hole, Kellyanne, she’s speaking the truth. I know you prefer compulsive lying.
Hey, she beat your candidate by over 3 million votes
Keep telling yourself that, Kellyanne. You're beyond delusional if you believe a word of it.
In this respect I agree with the crypt keeper Conway. Trump is a horrible person, but I don’t really care for Hillary either...
like American woman with indian ancestry Nikki Haley How Trump made her ambassador to the UN
No one is sorry for calling you all deplorable's as you have all proved that without a doubt
It's actually only a third of the country, but she was right -- you're all deplorables... and grifting traitors.
They are deplorable - it’s a celebration of ignorance. Period.
You are such a tool Kellyanne
You are deplorable. The whole lot of you are.
32% of the country
And she wants to impeach potus because she think he mentally incapable of running our country, so that means she is completely insane
Plus she never acknowledges the Bowling Green Massacre that only you have had the courage to bring to the attention of America.

She was right, you are both deplorable and irredeemable. Luckily, you’re the minority in this country.

You are deplorable and irredeemable.  Not "you" plural.  "You" singular.
Hillary wasn't referring to "half the country." She was referring to half of Trump supporters, which at the time of her statement was about 1/8 of the country. And yes, you're still deplorable.
1). LESS than half the country; 2). She referred to half of the less-than-half, who have embraced the term and made it their own. So yay for them! 3) If only 45 has the decency to be sorry about ANYTHING! Please get back to REAL FACTS rather than “alt facts”, which are lies
Deplorable, irredeemable, and foolish. The whole lot of you.
I’m not sorry either for calling you deplorable & irredeemable.
The Left acts like whatever she says is true because she said it. but she is just a bitter old woman who needs to sit down and shut up already!
Listen "Crouching Couch Dragon," try to drag yourself back to reality, take a moment to reflect on the AWFUL things you've said & done in defense of the man you helped put in office. No one owes you an apology, not the victims of the "Bowling Green Massacre," or anyone else EVER!
Hey how's that Hatch Act violation? #locktrumpup
She has had 3 violations and no consequences, corruption of the GOP
Calm down, meth Barbie!
We have been under attack by a foreign government who will attack us again and you do nothing but bitch about Hillary? What dirt do the Russians have on you? #Deplorable
Or are about to be fired.
The Trump era makes a lot more sense when you remember that each of his cabinet members was handpicked for their determination to dismantle the agency they lead, and he was voted in by people who want to dismantle every single thing about America that made Barack Obama possible.
No...she's probably secure in the fact that she described 1/2 of Trump supporters correctly as per the dictionary's definition of "deplorable".
But.  You. And. Your. Ilk. Are. Deplorable. And. Irredeemable.
Kelly...yes she said those stupid things but who lies more?  You guys are sure giving her a run for her money!  She's gone, so let's move on...you are all sad, still talking about her antics. Her time has come and gone...turn the page already...turn, turn, turn.
The truth is HRC was right. Many Trump supporters are “deplorable”, like alt-right neo-Nazis. Many are or were in his Admin..including yourself, Ms Conway
