You should be so proud to be a target of a joke. You’re a comedian yourself.
Jerkoffare the.
Dangit! Another pay to play link!
@KellyannePolls Hey!...Good Afternoon! Great job with the #WashingtonTownshipRally last night. Prayers you and your family have a wonderful and safe evening...God Bless! 
 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Bernie supporter
What’s your point?  That getting shot by an AR-15 isn’t that bad?  #Despicable
Brilliant absolutely brilliant response. NOT
Wait I thought the administration hated the NFL for allowing its players to express themselves.  You don’t get to play both sides of the coin.
Take your job for granted much?
Good for him. My friends daughter had her head blown off in Aurora. She wanted to be a sports journalist. But please continue to tout the bullshit of the @nra.





No leftist is a vet stop pretending it's disgusting

Grandma I love the smack down and dress stuck in a tree check this out for laughs we wanna trade with france
Amazing
That is awesome... He wasn't stopped in fear but continues to achieve!
Boycott the NFL.

Michele Wolf was Spot On about you and sarah and YOU KNOW IT! or you got some alternative facts to try and pass. So your Double Standards prevents you from seeing what a PIG trump IS?! you and sarah blatant double standards that's why she's an uncle tom of white women
U are more like a Bing bong ding ding. Get a life ding ding and it ain't Kelly Ann. Where are you in life. Your achievements will never come close to hers.  Looser
Glad you remember one mass shooting perpetrated by a white citizen. Your memory is kind of fuzzy on the more recent ones though.
You always do a magnificent job   Kelleyanne! We the people love you for always speaking the Truth!

Beautiful story of survival and success yet some of these haters turn it into a vile disgusting personal attack. WTH is wrong with them?
It is always good to assess a problem come up with a viable solution that sounds like a logical one before proceeding don't want to jump into the frying pan Into the Fire have to step back and assess before making a rash decisions
You take everything and everyone for granted. Because that’s the type of person you are. We all see it.

Hi sweetie how are you doing today? Sometimes the truth hurts .
Partly Sunny,  seems likes mostly dark and sheltered

I wish this young man the best of luck, but like some Veterans, I will not be watching. I also hope he stands for the National Anthem and becomes a leader, not a follower.
Remember the Bowling Green Massacre. Never forget.
oh #swampwitch  did you forget?  you are boycotting the NFL so no need to tweet about this

“If you don’t give her a platform, she has nowhere to lie.” - Michelle Wolf on Kellyanne Conway

@michelleisawolf #whcd2018 #WHCD 
People lie, Kellyanne.  People lie.
Phony "victims" of phony massacres - Aurora, Sandy Hook, Vegas and Parkland.  
#2A 
#Propaganda 
Are those "alternative facts" again?? #liar #alternativefacts
The brilliance of Trumpkin impairment
Quick try to act human

I thought Russians liked hockey?
@raolc ....

My brother was killed in the Newtown shooting. Now I’m advocating for armed guards in schools. I’d like to talk with you, Mrs. @KellyannePolls
Very sorry for your loss what was your brothers name?. I believe that all schools should have Trained Armed guard as well
I remember you now and I remember watching a special you were a young boy. My heart broke for you all, still breaks. Taking guns away is not the solution, deranged sick criminals will always find a way. We must fight fire with fire. Trained professionals, vets, security guards
Please go into the forest and search for that falling tree that was mentioned!
Get under it
@ Great Draft. NFL and Jones made it happen. Go Cowboys #Maga

Bite me toothache

Wolf
Glad to see Kellyanne survived the MASS COMIC MASSACRE at the WHCD last night!!!!   She did take alot of incoming... we did see your frown lines...all 5000 of them... Botox hunny ,lots
What a second! Actual news from WaPo?
Thought all you Drumphers were boycotting the NFL.
I know.


Back under the tree, Kelly. Back!

“Some one please tell Donald to shut up”  thanks @foxandfriends for great interview
@seanhannity took your phone, omg.
Suckabee is a liar...need I say more?
"We're now going to talk about other people's spouses...?"
- @kellyannepolls , pro liar/hypocrite, to @DanaBashCNN , great reporter, 4/22/18
"We're now going to talk about other people's spouses...?"
- @kellyannepolls , pro liar/hypocrite, to @DanaBashCNN , great reporter, 4/22/18
