We lose a 100 people a day to gun violence. Not a crisis?
2/3 of those people are suicides, a rope works just dandy without a gun...and the remaining 1/3 are mostly hand guns in gang related incidents.
A rope would be fine yet they dont use rope. None of the mass murder incidents used ropes, knives, cars or any other stupid example of items to ban the right uses to dispute gun violence.
n Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S., on April 19, 1995, in which a massive homemade bomb concealed in a rental truck exploded, heavily damaging the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building. A total of 168 people were killed, including 19 children, and more than 500 were injured.
Just listening to you speak makes me wish I was stoned
If you stay in office any longer we’re all going to need drugs.
Stop being a basement dweller at grandma's. Go get a job
Sorry I’m almost retired providing we still have a Social Security system in place when I do.
Let the nature take it's course. It has a way of separating the weak from the strong the prepared from those who are not. "One can avoid reality but one can not avoid the consequences of avoiding reality" Ayn Rand 
#DRAINTHESWAMP #24HRNEWSCYCLE #MAGA

WOW. Really? When was this??? No way~ Come on.
Every day, average Americans suffer from Trump related news. This is a national crisis that demands immediate action... But if our government is going to be successful in stopping Trump’s tyranny and corruption, then we must allow #robertmueller to do his job. #protectmueller
Keep speaking out and keep sharing
How is he a traitor?
Lol what a silly tweet
Note to You the Drug Com make Lots of CASH from this so Go after the Drug Com ,s
To those who die by their own choice, death should feeli like reaching glory.
Those who die by weapons of war without being in one are the ones we should feel sorry for.
Since you are not stupid, I hope Lucifer blesses you my brother.
Wrong I am not, only people who think their believes are supreme, consider themselves above and smarter than everyone else and call others stupid can make Lucifer's club. Have a  blessed purgatory life.
He will and he’ll be right on target.
Don't hold your breath he hasn't been yet Trump picks come and go like a revolving door
ONCE A DRUGUE , , ,, ALWAYS A DRUGGIE
WRT the opioid crisis there are 2 primary concerns!
-Personal discipline; individuals must take only what is prescribed until they feel better & flush the rest!
-Doctors must be severely held accountable for what the prescribe and monitor their patients progress!
Great wisdom
REALLY? What on earth does the global immigration situation
Have to do with the opioid crisis? Only immigrants to this country are to blame?
At this rate, opioid deaths might catch up to alcohol related deaths in a few decades. Why are tobacco and alcohol fatalities, addictions and illnesses not national crises?
Try something that works instead of using the opioid crisis to further your immigration policies. Take note.
Problem resolutions start by root cause analysts.  But the problem is pharmaceutical lobbyists and DC on payroll @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan
Purdue pharma?  Doing anything with them?
The answer isn’t to take away pain medication from people like me who can’t function, because of extreme chronic pain!
I dislike and STRONGLY disagreed with the new policy’s!
Don’t punish the people who legitimately need these medications to LIVE!
My sentiments exactly. Thank you for putting it into good words.
Apples and Oranges. Sanctuary Cities violate no laws,  and that makes you mad. State's Rights makes you mad. So you attack any way you can. 

Yes, opioid abuse us a problem. Stay focused!!!
Please !!! Send someone to Rhode Island where lawyers  love the drug trade because they get fat off "cash" drug money, and gang money representing these evil people pushing drugs and illegal guns through the state!
This is serious...as is gun violence...I wonder how many people a day die from gun violence?
RIDICULOUS IDEA
So is sexual crimes / mis-conduct. Sex is an addiction @realDonaldTrump and why aren’t we treating that and making individuals accountable for their crimes.  ADDICTION comes in many forms besides Opioid. @FLOTUS is just a figure head hiding behind children. Doesn’t make sense!
Keep up the good Mr Trump
the government is fully corrupt, Trump is by far no exception to this, you've all been doing things wrong for too long, your time has come
This makes no sense! What you are implying?  This is pretzel logic!
“Pretzel logic” at best! How ‘bout downright idiotic! Spoken by an idiot.
I fail to see what one has to do with the other?!
My thoughts exactly!
I love reading the replies. It must be such a sad existence for the left to just have Trump live in their small minds 24/7.
Better he to be living in my mind than me living in his ass.
1 follower! How does it feel that only a single person in this world gives a shit what you say?
How sad is it that you place value on the number of twitter followers one has?
Not nearly as sad as the fact that you sit alone today...again.
Oh no you made me realize my own sad existence. Going to kill myself now. Don't bother replying because no one will see it.
Apparently no one sees anything you post.
Again their R ppl who needs pain pills daily cancer some vets some in chronic pain which surgery does not help n R responsible users of the script of pain pills THOSE PPL should not have to go every 5 days 2 a busy Dr n take appointments from those in need
What pray tell does a sanctuary city have to do with opioid deaths? Fact the majority of people got hooked in the 1st place on legal drugs. Ever hear of the town that has 4500 residents yet sees 30k+ scripts a month written. Shut your pie hole. Address issue. Abuse of legal drugs
Purdue Pharmaceuticals...
I'm going to tell you again...
 Pharmaceuticals
Who created Oxycontin? Duh Duh
May I ask? What's the problem, you can't give comment on the Steveon Clark killing by police?
I have an idea. Let's create a large governmental organization to prove we want to help then incompetently address the issue while spending a lot of money for it.
If I was to harbor a person that is wanted by the government , I would be charged for harbouring a fugitive . So why aren't we putting these people that are harbouring illegal aliens    no matter who they are or what position they hold .
One has nothing to do with the other
I said the exact same thing. Great minds think a like.
I doubt if even 10% of opioids come from people in the country illegally. They start from doctors and pharmaceutical companies. Sanctuary cities are not "lawless." Please stop lying!
You moron. These drugs are not flowing in from the border. They’re already here, made in USA by big Pharma, and handed out like candy.
They are not handed out like candy anymore. We have to pee every month, have pill counts and pay every month for drs. The 'crisis' is due to illicit and illegal opioids not legally prescribed paun meds.
We can't forget those less fortunate who get a prescription and turn around and sell it on the streets.
Nor can we ignore the more ignorant among us who actually believe this garbage. You're part of the problem.
Part of the problem? Most chronic pain patients dont abuse their legally prescribed meds.
Most probably dont. There are quite a few that do. Given the numbers of prescriptions written each year, I'd say the numbers are probably staggering.
Part of those #'s are now scewed. Drs went from writing many month prescriptions to now to every 30 days. In some states or some insurance carriers it can be as little as 3 days. Can you imagine having to fill a prescription every 3 days? Of course there are more written.
That would get very tiresome.
https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/legalized-marijuana-could-help-curb-opioid-epidemic-study-finds-n739301 … #freetheweed
This really is a miracle herb. It's been "tested" literally forever. You can choose edibles and save your lungs. The people who are still referencing those 50's (and older) "reefer madness" propaganda films need to be voted out. The rest EDUCATED!
In New York. Chemung County and Steuben County will just arrest everyone.. Arrest the addicts. No help in jail just arrest and put them in one of Chuck Summersville New Housing for the problem he was a great part of causing.
Stop Big Pharma first!
if your going to get drug dealers...then go after big pharma...their the reason we're here now...
We need to move da white house for heath / medical reasons; the decomposing Dino bodies you're built-in causes negative reactions...like living on a baked grave, Washington state reigns. Sir!
If democracy is going to survive in America, we must impeach our lawless president.  
NOT MY PRESIDENT!
If this is such a crisis, why did he appoint a 25 year old to fix it?
I hope they are taken to court and compelled by law to comply and stopped in their tracks. Who do they think they are. A seperate law unto themselves at the expense of the entire country. Go get em, and get em good.
Never ever known about a gun released a shot by itself. It's an inanimate object that only works by an action on it.  Go figure.  People's hearts are the problem.
There is at best no connection.  Just like the lack of firing of synapses in your head where your brain should be.  Donnie the Dumbest.
The immediate action would be to ban opiates from being PRESCRIBED in the first place!  Stick it to the drug manufacturer and ban docs from prescribing this crap! It is the ROOT CAUSE  of opiate addiction!!
#banOpiates
If I am not mistaken.... isn't  the opioid crisis a majority  Caucasian problem... ? What does that have to do with immigrants? Do his followers really believe these are connected somehow? #Ridiculous #POTUS
You aren't mistaken
Wut?
The president while saying he wants to fight the opioid epidemic proposed cutting the office’s budget by $340 million. Leaving it with a $17 million budget to fight this epidemic that takes 175 American lives a day.
This the most unrelated two things in the history of history. How about stop prescription drug companies for improper / illegal/ unethical manufacturing and marketing of opioids. Start there.
These sanctuary city is insanity , no sense to this
Yet there is a march to ban assault rifles which actually defies definition. The left’s priority for our country is twisted with no accountability for others also killed through tragic circumstances. 
Legalizing medical cannabis would go a long way to solving the opioid issue. Literally NO ONE has ever overdosed on cannabis!
And every day another 96 Americans are killed by guns.  Is that not a national crisis also?
Please make medical cannabis legal in all 50 states!


It's called the Law of Supply and Demand. Sketchy product is a direct result of the failed War on (some) Drugs. Those bodies are a result of the failed WoDs. Doubling down on a failed policy with not reap positive results.
Why do u lie to the American people? @realDonaldTrump has allocated very little. The $1 billion allocated to the opioid crisis is money that comes from the 21st Century Cures Act signed into law not by Trump but President Barack Obama in 2016.  Let's get our facts straight Kelly!
lol, Kelly, Trump, anybody in that admin actually use a true fact over lies and innuendo? That'll be the day.
116 divided by 50 states equals 2.3 ppl per day per state, hardly an epidemic but you use CNN fake news tactics its ILLEGAL opioids w increased deaths NOT Rx and your policy is KILLING chronic disease patients by denying legal meds!#WeR1 #opioidcrisis
That is a good point. That is an excellent idea thank you Mr. President
 personally know 4 who are addicted to opioids and none are illegal and all worked for a medical dr, hospital, X-ray tech and a nurse.
There is a difference between addiction and dependence. Many pain patients are dependent on medications, that does not make them addicts.
In the matter of opioids, it does. It's an addictive medication. If they ars dependent on it, then they are also physically addicted. But being addicted doesn't make them abusers.
Addicts abuse ...patients depend...a very small number of pain patients end up as addicts who abuse. That does not legitimize leaving pain patients  untreated, denying them the little bit of function and quality of life that is possible.
No, abusers abuse. Physical addiction is not something a person can control, unlike emotional addiction. The body can become addicted to medication. You can call it "dependency", but the physical symptoms of addiction are the same.
But if the dependant/addict isn't abusing, & their chronic pain is legitimate, then you're right: it is wrong to deny them pain relief because others abuse opioids.
There is nothing Brave about federal agents in terms of stopping an opioid epidemic.  Big Pharma needs to be held accountable as do doctors that over prescribe instead of providing psychoeducation and referrals to help with pain management.
Chronic pain patients don't need to be told it's all in their head. The pain doctor is the last resort when all else has failed. Undertreated pain is legalized torture.
As a mental health professional I can assure you I have NEVER told any patient that pain is in their head but passing out opioids like candy then taking them away after the prescription is exhausted resulting in self medication is not how to "battle the opioid epidemic".
Poppycock. It would be faster to stop sales of opioids on prescription and over the counter. Start in your own industrial back yard, no?
Don't you know the opioids coming across the border are much stronger and more dangerous?
And the prevalence of demand starts where? Through over-prescription.
Maybe if we allowed for the arrest of the dealers of drugs that DO end up killing somebody, we moght have a fighting chance at removing one avenue of obtaining drugs.
Watch your court logs. They let them go. The jails and prison systems don't want to and won't pay for the detox.
Not a moron, dealers are rarely addicts who need detox that isn’t offered in a substantial number of jails. I watch them there Court logs too.
I dont think you understand what i said. I didnt say anything about dealers being addicts.
I said we should arrest dealers that sold drugs that killed somebody
We have to get rid of Sanctuary Cities because we are a nation that believes in law and order, not crime. President Trump deserves our cooperation.  I stand with President Trump.
How many die from Amazon?
Because that's where POTUS is focused
Yup. Still a moron
"Our brave federal agents". And here I thought they were the "Deep State" and a bunch of liars conspiring to get you. And so much for State Rights.
Exploiting the opioid epidemic to push your immigration agenda. America has a problem with demand for drugs, not supply.
The answer isn't to take pain medication away from people with chronic pain who are using them responsibly and have tried every other option unsuccessfully!
... makes sense. ...bcoz,logic helps take things to logical end!
Lawless sanctuary cities.....you ar so out of your mind.  You are a run away train and we are all waiting for it to derail.
Hey #SpankyTrump as usual you are incorrect.  Sanctuary cities have nothing to do with opioid crisis.  Your inept administration may be an issue - Pruitt, Carson, Zinke all scamming taxpayers - swamp creatures!

Your such a fool!
You Dummy sanctuary cities have nothing to do with this problem.
Lived in once beautiful Santa Ana/Orange County. Today its unrecognizable!               Democrats 100% allowed OC to become a County controlled by Mexico!                                          Why are  CA Dems voting /working to destroy America?
How sick are you?
The first thing to do is to shut down all new opened darknet markets and the promoting of these markets. 
Twitter users post darknet everywhere
Shut Down them!
@DEAHQ @FBI
So regulate the manufacturers - and provide rehab.
Sanctuary cities aren’t the issues.  Opioid crisis is caused bc drug manufacturers have no reason to change the formula of the drug to make it less addictive
How about removing ALL ILLEGALS/Defund WELFARE & PP & UN! If someone's going to kill themselves They'll find a way, so stop wasting my taxes on enabling MOOCHES WORLDWIDE!  Work 2 MAGA/DTS of EVIL! Millions on WELFARE=NO IMMIGRANTS NEEDED, let legal-citizens achieve their dreams!
“If you wonder why there are so many leaks out of the White House, the reason is SewerRat Barbie is the number one leaker,” said Ronald Kessler, author of “The Trump White House: Changing the Rules of the Game.

#KellyAnneConway 
#sewerratbarbie
Donnie, the only thing these all want is sanctuary from you.  Get a clue.

idiot
Ppl who have addictive perao ality traits tend to have the most issues with this. I believe we need mental  and physical health benefits for those ppl, so that they can remove the addiction. Bt addiction is a lifetime battle for most.
96 people die from guns every day too. How is that not an equal crisis to you? Medicaid pays for most opioid treatment, why do you cut that resource?
You really have NO idea.
One has little to do with the other, so not use the tragic #OpioidEpidemic to promote your stupid wall. #TrumpLies
It's meth...thats the real problem...made right here in the USA.
Then stop the VA. They are probably the biggest source for opioids
One has nothing to do with the other... who's believing this shit? #shitholepotus

Here’s where the deception on the part of Trump and his team is telling. Trump and his crew never, not once, considered reporting Russian approaches to their campaign, even after law enforcement and intelligence officials made it public that Russia had attempted to interfere with

We must stop politicians from.taking money from big pharma! @PattyMurray
Hahahaha Donny the lying commi


Man just go away !! You are such an inept ignorant JA and those who understand how dangerous he is - can we stand up and say enough is enough.
A≠B
What a moron.  No plan.  No funding for prevention or treatment.  No changes on script lengths.  Such a buffoon.
In the words of Kelly Anne Conway; “Alternative Facts”!
The two have absolutely nothing to do with each other!! What??? This is a ridiculous statement! MiHOPE has spoken on the Michigan opioid task force panel and fight opioid overdose for the past 5 years. Sanctuary cities is NOT an opioid issue. Misleading again
BULLSHIT...Big pharma created this epidemic because Republicans refused to regulate them!
And cut off the flow of drugs. #BuildTheWall
WHAT? Coupling the opioid problem with sanctuary cities? Seriously? That's like building  a wall to prevent drug addiction. Only those who retreat to the sanctuary cities and walls within their own minds accept that nonsense! That's just, oh what's the word, sounds like cupid?
Call certain parts of the border military reservations and  use drones to identify crossers before they get to the border. Patrols!
How many Americans overdose on heroine really like to know because I believe that is the real crisis along with alcoholism in this country..........
Exactly!!!!! It’s a heroin epidemic not opioid. Dam it already let’s call an apple just that and not an orange 
I agree that epidemic is just that more deaths in those probably everything else
Thank you President Trump!  I have lost two family members from overdoses during the Obama Administration. My family is shattered! My family's tragedy will always be associated with Obama's legacy for as long as I live!
End this nanny government crap and return to your promised agenda! End DACA. Build the wall. Repeal Obamacare. Shrink government spending. Throw Mueller out on his butt. End the drug war by getting government OUT of regulating drugs entirely.
Truly.
Actually you need to shut down Big Pharma and their overproduction of drugs for profit.
Non sequitur. Look it up. Dumbass.
Let’s build a memorial !! That’ll stop it... it’s only money
Yeah....
You do know that our own pharmaceutical companies are responsible for this epidemic, don’t you?
So sanctuary cities caused the opioid epidemic?  What have YOU been smoking?
Trumpoid propaganda
DT's Medieval Death Penalty Threats -- 
SENSATIONAL Overkill.     Got your Attention ??

GOP Out of Control.

btw:
Death Penalty for Big Pharma Pushing Drugs ??

Death Penalty for Mitch's "wife", Elaine Chou's Father ??
My oldest son died at age 39 in 2009. My middle son is on patches prescribed by his doctor. We hate that he has to take this medication that killed his brother. What can be done for my remaining sons? My youngest has RA but isn't on meds for it. MAGA

BULLCRAP
Our next problem's this army marching on our Southern border! Step one deploy the military step two drop leaflets letting them know that was done. Tell the Mexican Government they will keep them. Three if neccsary have the military transport off shore of Mexico's southern border
Amen!
#BuildTheWall and #NoSanctuaryState
All talk. You are not properly funding the programs you claim to be putting into place. We are not buying your nonsense. Get big Pharma your big donors to pay.
Lawless sanctuary cities? Are you friggin kidding me? You guys need to approach this properly or we will see the biggest heroine epidemic we have ever seen.  Rehab centers were created for people who have money.  How many addicts do you know that have money? Not many.
Every day 318 people die from gun violence, what are doing about that????
also BUILD THE WALL! sentence drug dealers to 20 years. NO catch and release at the border or on our streets.
Omg. What is he talking about opioids have nothing to do with sanctuary cities. Stop spreading propaganda.
Are there not crimes on the book for politicians who break the law and put citizens in harms way?
Yes there are! Let’s use the laws to make America safer, again!
you are the leaker, right?
Mariguana is non addictive. Do not use this “fight” to disproportionally arrest people of color. Use it to help people in West Virginia and in order areas where Pharma Companies have flooded the market with Opioids. Do not criminalize the user.. criminalize the supplier.
Law enforcement has said it a thousand times “ we can’t arrest our way out of this crisis “. We don’t ever expect you to understand this. So three days of golf this weekend! Throw in a few tweets that make no sense and you have our clown trump.

White House staff must be ingesting opioids to create such propaganda! The opioid crisis impacting the country is affecting many Americans. Let’s face facts, it’s an epidemic because Whites are impacted. Conflating this w/ sanctuary cities is nonesense. #WeSeeYourRacism #ICallBS
That's Bullshit. Truculant Trump strikes again.  Get your buddies in the Pharmaceutical  industry to stop paying Docs.
Your Lord Trump is one creepy pedophile...
He hires a secretary who looks like @IvankaTrump
Doctors and big drug need to be held to account then all who let Hezbollah do drug and child trafficking business should also be held to account
#Xijinping #李克强 期盼两高报告像春日暖阳照进南京，为创业七年之久为国为民做过贡献的钱旺集团民营企业获得生机！使超期羁押大牢有家国情怀的企业家张小雷获得生机！拯救百万投资人于水火之中！合伙人拿出血汗钱投入大众创业万众创新的互联网+，何罪之有？我们相信党和国家
Millions of Chinese people want our company 钱旺钱宝 to revive.Please pay attention to 钱宝unjust case.Nanjing corrupt officials have shut down our company 钱旺 and plundered huge assets of 钱旺钱宝.We all live in misery.We need rebirth. 不要再让地方政府借打击经济犯罪强吃企业了
Guys, I’m begging here. Make the font on the TelePrompTer larger so President Trump doesn’t have to squint like that.
#FakeNews #bigot #Loser #tinypenis #smegma #ImpeachTrump #LockHimUp #collusion #shithole @realDonaldTrump 
The so-called Opioids Czar Kellyanne Conway just retweeted something that implies the majority of opioid overdoses are related to Illegal immigration. This is indicative of both parties lack of knowledge

Leaky leaky leakerson
One has nothing to do with the other you idiot!!!!
No, you MUST STOP BIG PHARMA from peddling these drugs in a ruthless out of control free wheeling unchecked manner. But you won't because theie lobbyists gave you .millions.  Shame on you
There is no doubt we have the right man in charge! With everything our President has already accomplished he will definitely be in office for the next 7 years. You can't spell Triumph without Trump folks! Your pouring of battered emotions do not change these facts at all. 
I think you are confusing “sanctuary cities” with “the pharmaceutical industry.”
What the hell are you taking about?  The opioid epidemic is cause by big pharma and over proscribing pain meds.  Keep your eye on the ball
One is not related to the other.
Hoping that Trump is one of them,and soon.
Yet most of the opioid crisis is in rural areas that are not sanctuary cities. Stop trying to push that theory. This is exactly why we have the problems we do.
Liar, what about the 100 people we are loosing every day by gun violence?
And your brilliant first step was to appoint a 23yr old Trump Campaign aide to run the show! #StableGenius
He like the young, pretty, and submissive. Shamefully obvious.
Again everything is misconstrued here,relying on the ignorance of the American people. 

The opioid crises is real and drug dealers must be held accountable in a real way.Most of them are NOT illegal immigrants.What about big pharma pushing their wares KNOWINGLY? #NotMyPresident
Well where is your pick for drug czar? Still working on that one along with 200 other appointments. First time in history no one wants to work in the White House
How about funding programs for the addicted?
BS!
Blaming sanctuary cities because of big pharma and doctors??? Your rich buddies you gave a tax break to?
Agreed this is a national crisis. You know what else is a national crisis? Gun violence. Every day 318 people are shot and 96 die. You know what you have to do? Stop taking $$ from the NRA & pass some meaningful gun laws.
