Anything
Lol .. no kidding man. They can’t stand people that smell good either! However, they do like nasty women.
When are you leaving?
Never she’s great
What do you like about her specifically? It can’t be her professionalism or job performance.
It’s both you are liberal blinded
Tell me what is so great about Kellyanne.
Why do you hate women?
Interesting conclusion. I hate all people who make a mockery of our government equally.
No, you clearly hate high ranking and highly successful women. It’s quite obvious.
Another rat jumping ship! Next!
America loves both of you patriots. You make us so proud. #MAGA
The bowling green massacre.  Never forget.....
Lol, cute troll
WTH is he talking abt? I think #Twitter has it's algorithms mixed up. 
By Kellyanne..
Please quit next and save some of your self worth.
Hahahahaha!!! Kelly has none left. She’s going down with the ship.
GMTA
You can quit anytime
Are you the new crotch-steamer?
I'm sure you love her like a daughter.  Because she's a child.
Wondering how white the lies were. Like, eggshell, antique, ceiling? Thinking about repainting.
Love you both!

You're pathetic.
And you are blind to reality

Grow the hell up
I wonder if anyone will be left in this administration by 2020? Including the President. #WorstPresidentEver #TrumpColluded #BlueWave #2018Midterms #VoteThemOut
Abandoned Ship! Soon it will be @KellyannePolls
It’s not like she’s dead.
I'm gonna need a team roster. You all melt away like.. well like snow flakes...
Please follow her out the door!
Drain The Swamp!
Kellyanne tells big white lies
Me too!! Don't leave, Kellyanne! We love you too!
Why did Lyin'Don cuss Hope out the other day?
You next?
Another one bites the dust, get ready missy your next
Looks like there is no "Hope" left for this administration 
perhaps the 2 of you can reunite in a prison cell?
Hang in there Kelly-Ann we the people know you're working hard & we the people do appreciate you &all of you in the administration knowing the liberal agenda of trying to destroy this Administration. Those of you that have stayed will truly be rewarded. Our country will be better
It’s not goodbye. She’ll visit you in prison.

Resign
Sad to see her go. We admire her courage and strength in the face of relentless left attacks. Seems to us the left is vicious ... but especially to conservative, intelligent women. #MAGA 
The end is near.
Wait. Did she die?
She died the day Porter pulled out.  Literally pulled out of her, now she’s off to find him to plug that gaping hole the GOP has bounded in her.

Jealousy is a stinky cologne Rebecca!!! I love how she makes you guys sick!!! It means she is doing a great job!!! Keep it up Kellyanne!! 
Jealous? . No one wants to hear her alternative facts! She is a hag. Trumphole brainwashed minions should not speak.
Lol you need a hug!!  I know a deplorable who will give you one!!
 Did she block you too?
Yep! Sometimes what happens is they realize how stupid they look and sound. So it’s easier to just block rather than own up and realize we may just have a point. I call it the denial process of becoming a Republican! 
 Yep!  Thanks for the follow! 
White lies. The irony keeps coming.
Are you kidding?
Are you drunk?
When are you leaving and will you take @PressSec with you please
Hell no.. they are BOTH doing a great job!! You’re right... 2 extremely successful woman for 1 agenda, making America great again and not  taking no shit from the Libturds!!! Love it!!
I love comedy
Especially comedy that holds truth!!
When are you leaving? I have not seen you lying on TV recently.
I'm scared to look at all the negative comments here...
You might want to start looking for a new job as well.

Probably lying
Oh and Obama he was the Saint Wasn't he.
No. No one is. But his office didn't jump from scandal to scandal
Actually they did jump from scandal to scandal..they just have MSM in their pocket so nothing gets reported
Just because the White House is crumbling doesn't mean you should act like it's sleep away camp.
How so? Crumbling???
Yes Katheine you one of them Russian Trumputin lovers lives on that rat invested Russian troll farm
You can go with her if you miss her that much.
Nope . She’s gonna stay to trigger you.
You are triggered! You are also blocked for raging stupidity consistent with Trumpizoids!
Go back to your safe space
Oh Sweetie! You have no idea! Trumpsters will need all the safe spaces they can find soon.
So scared of Mueller !!!
Idk how tf this ended up on my TL but
BFFs Lol 

Yes, when are you leaving ... and your "alternative facts."
Summer camp ending is hard.


She's gonna sing

REPUBs sick of the lies/scandals from Admin. U lie, u go to jail. No double standard. Flynn, Gates, Manafort, Papado...& more to come. I am voting all DEM to put a stop to this. U commit any crimes. U should b charged.
Not even close to reality
You’re next.
Kelly, I don’t understand why Sessions is making the decisions he is?  Is there anyway to go around him?

HICKS FOR PRISON!
Barf.
Maybe you two will get to be roommates.
In prison it's called "cell mates."
Judging from these profile pix, I’m assuming this must be a parody account.
It has a blue check mark, so it’s real, right?  Plus, that pic....
Going down w this ship KC?
Don’t worry, you can probably be cell mates
Lmao.  You also  alternative facts and . So ... Yea...
Lol don’t cry too hard. You will be behind her before too long.

Perhaps you two can share a cell in a very short while from now.
Are you quitting next?  I don’t love you and won’t miss you.
Ivanka shoved #HopeHicks out. #kellyanneconway is next.
#TuckerCarlsonTonight
America loves you, Kellyanne!
House of cards.
Ms. Conway, thank you for being able to go the distance. There is no way that it can be easy with all the pressure is placed on this administration
She went the distance like Stormy Trump's porn star affair did. Such a strong resemblance
You're next!
I think you and Huckabee Sanders need to resign too. I’ve heard the disease going around the White House is very contagious. 
Your next

You're next
Perhaps the two of you can share a jail cell for a few months
Oh, you can dish at lunch! At least, Hope is relieved of her “white lies”. If she sings, she may avoid jail time. What’s your plan Kelly girl?
She's hot.  U UGLY!!!! Oh well.
#life
Fuck you Smellyanne. Are you next?
The White House is collapsing at the seams. Nothing will ever save an ugly pack of liars!
don’t worry. You’ll all be reunited in prison soon enough.
 you’re next! 
leave with her
The Hatch act mean anything to you?
You should follow her out the door

You’re next
When are you resigning? #TheWorldIsWatching
Black eyes
White lies
Hope flies.
Don’t worry you’ll be released soon and get to see her
Those war-on-women Democrats just chased away a beautiful, intelligent, and accomplished woman just because they hate her boss.

How the fuck have you hung on?
You can still continue dating.
Now, you and the Huck need to go before before the Trump syndicate is taken all the way down. Mueller at the gate.
See you in the big house!
You will see her soon.  You will be the next to quit.
You’ll all be in the same jail. You can have lunch together!
Don't worry, you could end up cell mates!
Do not let them hire some swamp filth!
Thoughts and prayers?
Bye Felicia


You should go with her.

Aww, now who is going to dump your ash tray? 
You will miss #HopeHicksWhiteLies and #alternativefacts I’m sure. Poor, poor Hicks. She is such a victim! #HopeHicksIsNotaVictim
Hope is gone from the White House
Turns out #WhiteLiesMatter.
I'll miss her too. Now it's time for you and Sarah to leave too. #DraintheSwamp
Did the restraining order prevent you from shambling your wretched carcass down the hall and saying so in person before she left?

God, she must have hated you so much!
I hear you're being investigated for taking expensive flights & not reimbursing for your elitist attitude that turns you away fro COMMERCIAL flights. Price is gone already. Your reimbursement docs were requested yet you've turned nothing over. Corrupt like your cohorts.
Just. Shut. Up.
Hahahahaha god what kind of SHIT SHOW are you people running? Someone resigns or is fired literally every week. It’s so PATHETIC.


Was that a threat?
Huh??
Get a room
Hope Hicks is a knock out!! She should be exempt from all wrong doing
She’s not dead
You could have texted her
Please tell me you’re are next to pursue other interests, so I don’t have to look at your face anymore! You look like you’ve been having an affair with Rob Porter since 1985! Leave now and save lawyer fees for your alternative facts #BigWhiteLies
Don’t be sad!!!!! You will see her soon!
In PRISON!
She holds all the secrets, doesn't she?
U slept with her too
*meow* *meeeeeoooowwwwww* *scratch* *mew* Adios, Hopester Hickster!
you'll always have your videos.
You can steam Trumps pants and tell white lies   in her place 
She isn’t dead. You guys can still undermine democracy on weekends.

I guess you’ll be steaming his pants now. So there’s that.
Rats leaving a sinking ship.
Actual footage of Hope leaving White House.
Oh, Kellyanne, how sweet and sincere.  
You forgot to add, "don't let the door hit you on the ass on your way out!"
#GOPwitches
Then go with her, by all and any means. HATCH a plan and ACT now.
You're next.

why, was she steaming YOUR pants too????
You're next.
You really want to die on that orange hill, Kellyanne?  Get out while the getting is good.  It's not like anyone is going to miss you anyway.
How is Kellyanne not being investigated, she was campaign manager spin manager counselor?
Go with her!!
At least she didn't say "alternative facts"
I think she did in other words..
Are you leaving too hate for you to suffer Kelly Anne.
Why don’t you join her?

And her b*tchy assistant...
Haha you're next
Your going to so that means you can have a play date and cry about your lies in your wine or should I say whine in your wine ? Goodbye Felicia 
You are both “hopeless”
Ew.
Alternative facts !
Maybe all of you corrupt, lying Trump puppets can reunite in prison!? Chances are really good!
But, will you visit her in prison??
you will be right behind her on the way out the door.
Yes Kellyanne. Another one bites the dust. How many is that in one year because I lost count months ago. When are you leaving. Hopefully soon!!
you're next
Not to worry the two of you can share a prison cell.
You’re next sweetie!
I hope you’re next.
You’re going to prison soon. I “Hope” you have a good lawyer.
Now you’ll have to step up and tell twice as many lies. . Conjob.

Bye Strawberry
Hicks is leaving because she can’t keep her mouth shut like strategic pollster Kellyanne can.  Maybe a visit to Muellers office will ope up Kellyanne’s mouth of which she has many many secrets both during Trump campaign & her stay at the White House. Red Flag
So, when is you last day?
Lock her up!
Has it dawned on you yet what is going on inside the Trump administration? Have you figured it out?
Some people are blinded by their ignorance and will never admit they made a bad choice. .. I call that natural selection.  Let them have their cake and Trump koolaid.  #Jonestown/Trumpville.
I only hope that the insane grandstanding in Congress does not make life unbearable for the team that was duly elected to lead our great country.  I hope that was not the reason for Hope leaving.
The good ones have to leave and the bad ones get to stay and get paid.
Does that mean you get to assume the coveted role of wardrobe steamer?  
That might explain the holes in the knees of her pantyhose and smeared mascara after that debate. (Seen during her interview with Chris Matthews)
So, is this the White House rendition of 'Ten Liddle Indians?'
Oh I think we all know you guys will all meet again :)

Wait til the diary comes out. You know you are in it. Leaks are starting.
Kellyanne, you better get ur a$$ on that bus.  You better take care of urself.   This is The Titanic, 105 yrs later.
You'll see her soon enough at the unemployment office.
Can't decide on the best metaphor...rats fleeing a sinking ship or cockroaches scattering when the light is turned on....which do you think is best ?
Why choose? It looks like both to me. But if I have to it's the cockroaches.
Just wait, you’ll probably be joining her soon, go have lunch
She and @PressSec will be vying for the coveted spot beside @realDonaldTrump now that Hope is leaving. 
*gag
Than why don’t u quit?  Bye bye
