What table is that, if it is the loser's table, you are right we can't sit at your
 table.
@David2Akers That was awesome!! #2ForeverAnEagle
Eagles are fearless, take the fight to anyone anywhere at anytime. Love it!
Drew Pearson was better , This guy tried way too hard lmao
Pearson said random opinions. Akers said literal facts. Not a single draft pic was even conceived the last time the Cowboys won
How ? Pearson said the cowboys are America’s team with 5 rings lmao that’s FACTS , all props to eagles fans that think I’m being salty
Calling the Cowboys America’s team is an opinion. And a bad one too. Everyone except cowboys fans hate the cowboys
I love it when fans of other teams say cowboys aren’t America’s team. It so comical how mad it makes them that it’s actually true.
You can have the meaningless title of “America’s team”. And you can keep celebrating your Super Bowls from 30 years ago. We’ll enjoy actually winning shit in the present
Through tough years and good times. We remain faithful. We remain America’s team. It doesn’t matter how hard we try or how many times we mess up. It’s the every day task of getting better and fighting against all odd. We don’t give up. One day we will be back.
Y'all have to get rid of that meddling owner for that to happen. He got rid of the best coach (twice) in franchise history (Landry & Johnson) because they wouldn't be his puppets like Garrett is. That's why he's still coaching there.
Please do not affiliate yourself with Philadelphia or any of our teams. You and your master are hated here. Trump lost Philly and the surrounding Burbs by 20+ points. It was the racist red necks in the Western part of the state that voted for him. Get lost!
Doesn’t help he’s got the voice of a 12 year old

Not salty. You guys just punked us. Think you could have sent someone better to do it though. Same way Pearson did you guys last year. That was how it’s done.
Hey gave us motivation to win superbowl. I just know Dallas is a terrible hosting place for the draft. This crowd is dead
Good crowd, but yeah the volume is a bit down on what it could be.
Crowd booed every kid that got drafted. Shows how much class they have #TrashFans
OMG! Completely destroying the Cowboys fans!
Well too bad he can only insult the fans and couldn't make a difference on an actual football team.
That's not the point  the fact that a kicker is openly talking trash during a nationally televised draft is ridiculous. Should never happen.
@ak_01_2015 hahahah
He needs to speak more!
Cowboy fans are pure trash
Fly Eagles Fly baby!!!
Eagles, you can't even sit at our table.
Eagles have 4 rings, 3 were before the Super Bowl, before the Cowboys started
Fly EAGLES FLY!!!!!
Who is David Akers?
Stats
A bunch of stats from a kicker, wonderful
Stats answered your question
While taking a TE from Dallas. Don’t ever change philly
He’s NAMED Dallas not FROM Dallas
Dallas was going to take him as Jason’s replacement
Oh
@leon_orton
Die NFL hat ein vid auf yt gepostet was die besten cowboys trolling momente beinhaltet
#roast
For a kicker
Not bothered what anyone thinks here but the eagles won't be coming back to superbowl for a long time but the pats are almost certain to be there already #Patsnation #blitzfor6 #gopatsgo
@GTaylorHart @iamleehart

David Akers just became my all time favorite Eagle forever because of that
He just punked the Cowboys in their own backyard
@TheScholie this is pretty great
From a kicker though? Haha
Haha I know..that’s what makes it even better
He is a LEGEND!!!!
L
That's a W, babygirl! Stealing the guy you guys were gonna draft
Dallas wasn't gonna draft him. Lol.
I think you might be stupid if you didnt think they were drafting him
I know you are for thinking that. I'm literally watching http://DallasCowboys.com  and they had the offensive line coach in the room before the eagles even made the trade.
Nice job deleting your tweet xD but I guess you dont know how the draft works, once picks in the other teams on the clock and they already knew we stole their guy. It's okay babygirl, maybe next time
All I did was re-word it. Again, the coach was IN the room BEFORE the trade happen.
Mkay babygirl, whatever you say
Don’t worry cowboy fans.  You always have your Yankees, your Golden State Warriors, and your Alabama Crimson Tide to fall back on.
I find they usually go Lakers, Yankees, U of Miami.
I swear the Eagles probably just drafted Dallas Goedert to troll the Cowboys even more. Drafting a tight end named Dallas in Dallas on the day that Jason Witten retires. You cannot make this stuff up
Jason witten retired, dez Bryant got released, holy moly
Cowboys fans just got roasted by a kicker. Thicc L !!


This was trash  y'all could have atleast sent somebody important lmaooooo
Akers best kicker in eagles history, on team for 10+ years how is he not important lol
Because he's a kicker? Lol
well like I said in my tweet, it triggered you
Why would I be triggered that they sent a kicker to try to do what Drew Pearson did last year in Philly? That pep talk was trash lol
your fans seemed to be triggered and were the super bowl champs, can’t top that
Hey Dallas, aka "America's team": It's just a little fun ribbing. Don't take it or yourselves too seriously.
Do you know what David Akers middle name is?  “Tooth”
You finally win one and are now allowed to sit at the grown up table and you act and SOUND like a nine year old girl...lmao! Writing checks that men who did real work will have to cash.
Dang Chris you sound a little salty bro.
Dude,  nice pick up by your team with Bradley Chubb. He's a beast!
He should have pushed the podium over after that.
Why does he sound like a 12yr old?
Don’t you question the goat!
Would’ve been a lot better with Trotter or Dawkins 
Dawkins would’ve lost his voice up there
 he would’ve been amped
We wouldn’t of been able to get him off the stage he’d just keep talking 
Dawkins would have ate someones baby in front of them. It's not that serious guys...we are champs and trolled the bone marrow out of Dallas in Dallas by drafting Dallas!!! #NFLDraft #Akers #Eagles #Dallas #FlyEaglesFly #Nfl Hell they needed a OG bad as hell.
Oh Dallas even kickers rip you.
Your a cardinals fan end of discussion
Nope. Different Cardinals.
Still ass

Dallas fans
Looks like wormy roseman always picked last in gym class
That was AWESOME!!!
Just speaking facts
One ring. One. 
2 playoff wins in the last 20 years. America’s team right?
You got it! @dallascowboys
Eagles have 4 NFL championships. Do your homework
One Super Bowl ring. Learn to read.
Took Blake bortles and cam Newton 1 season to do what the cowboys did in 20 lol
This a master troll job. Lol. 

Witten retires

Howie: lets jump right in front of Dallas and pick our guy .... Dallas. lol 

Better yet lets send a kicker ( David Akers) to announce the pick. 

#savage
Better than Drew Pearson. Roasted them MUTHAFUCKAS
Everyone hates us and we don’t care!
This guy is my hero

SO WE HAVE A KICKER TALKING MESS? A FREAKIN KICKER LMAO IM GONE
Pearson did it better

This just in: David Akers shot dead in the streets of Dallas lol
Lol right, I've never once felt scared around a cowboys fan. He shouldn't either .
Dallas took a huge L and lost out on the guy they wanted 
First to talk trash like pearson did, you have to be in legend status like pearson, so they have a douche lookin KICKER that lost the last super bowl eagles went to and in no way is in the talks of one of the best like pearson is.. sorry, nice try, but huge fail, tried way 2 hard
You guys got ROASTED by an undrafted kicker in your own house...
Do you even know who David Akers is?
G O A T HOWIE G O A T AKERS
Nani?
Omae mou..... shindeiru
Nani?!
@Jason_Cip
Beat pats
Watch the video again everything he said is my response
Pats L




The EAGLES are Super Bowl champions, having won Super Bowl LII, their fourth NFL title, after winning in 1948, 1949, and 1960.
That’s hilarious lol.
Can't have enough of this speech. I imagine it must have felt, for those cold hearted cowboys fans, like @David2Akers was shoving some serious dildos up their asses with each word he said. It was almost as epic as @JasonKelce 's speech at the parade. Just love it!!!
It’s good to be the King. FLY EAGLES FLY
#FlyEaglesFly
Go Falcons! #AtlantaFalcons
Get ready for boycott part 2, if you love to trash veterans, police, our flag, our First Family then I bet you are kneeling right now. Getting ready for the season. Me too. I intend to stand up for our way of life and will not spend one dime or one minute on anything NFL.
Legendary
Hilarious!!! Fuck Dallas!

@arcticduo

Best ever!
Savage
I could not see who was talking there was just the screeching voice in the back ground. I thought it was a women. He must have kicked his gonads off.
I love this. Never a Dallas cowboys fan.
Greatest kicker ever just became the greatester kicker ever. #newwordsaturday #Eagles
@GavinNelson2785 
Eagles trying to be exactly like the Cowboys.. Embarrassing
So savage, like an elbow smash from the top rope! #machomanrandysavage @TBoy1107 you see this yet?
Weak.
Would be better if he didn’t sound like a 8 year old kid
THIS WAS GARBAGE
That's telling it like it is, David!!!!!!!  #FlyEaglesFly #dallassucks

Tried too hard
The NFL is a shirt tear away from being the WFWF...World Football Wrestling Federation. @HiMyNameIsSeton @andrewperloff
Way to troll those Haters !!!!
Perfect 

Aha!!
He's a kicker. A kicker talking smack is like Papa Smurf threatening to tackle you. Last I checked he wasn't on the team last year. Zip it

Outstanding
Take some balls, but hell yeah it’s true 
@supermanXC_14
Roger Goodell has successfully transformed the @NFL into the new @WWE.
Why’s this dude sound like pleakley from Lilo and Stitch
the draft in dallas has all the personality and aesthetic significance of a podiatrist’s waiting room... half empty stadium, fan segregation... yawn.
Always follow a great man's lead.
Ummm. Akers. Have you gone through puberty yet? Just saying your voice hasn't hit puberty yet. #5beats1
Eagles fans eat horse manure when the final win aSBowl after 52 years. Classy fans!
Fake troll. That was the worst attempt at a troll job that I have ever seen. Compare Pearson last year to Akers this year. He tried but just seemed too fake. Bring a real man next time Eagles.
Nice! 
Cowboys.......That star on your helmet is not only your logo but also your Rating!!
David Akers is incredible for so many reasons and will forever be one of the greatet Eagles. But seeing a KICKER manage to fill a stadium with his jersey, earn a nickname, and become an icon like he did is an incredible feat.
That's gold. Cowboys suck.
Carson>Dak 
Dave you will never have to buy a drink in Philly Philly ever again !!
@Dieseldaforth Dude, he should be someone's manager in the @WWE... reminds me of Jimmy Hart or Brother Love! I'm sure he's able to trip somebody up while they're bouncing of the ropes.
David Akers trash talkin #CowboysNation was even better than the whole Stadium booing #Aikman #Staubach and #Witten (in JerryWorld) at the start of the draft! #AmericasTeamMyAss! #NFLDraftDay #NFLDraft2018
Y'a trop regardé la WWE celui-là. Ça sonne comme du McMahon... et c'est particulièrement rebutant dans mon cas.
Last night Goedert said his father named him after the Cowboys...he apparently didn't appreciate it as he said his step father turned him into a Packers fan.
NFL is still on their America and American hating knees. NFL made their mind transparent over 2 seasons. Now want us to forget?
Next time you are going to tough talk,  try to do it with some bass in your voice.  Beat it nerd! #highpitchvoice #highpitchvoice#toughguykicker
@DrSuppadoo
Sign this guy up for WWE
@ROJOSALAZAR05
Oh yes! This will really change people’s lives!!
I have two Eagles jerseys. Akers and Foles. Akers is the man.
This is great!!!
Does he know he is a kicker??  Went full Vanderjagt...  idiot kicker!
Go to HELL NFL!
Ultimate burn...
So fucking awesome
He’s a kicker. He never won the Super Bowl. It was a good attempt at imitating Drew Pearson but it fell short.
Nah man, that was a great counter punch
As counter punches go that’s like a flyweight versus a heavyweight, only Eagles fans would see it otherwise.
In the words of of Wesley Snipes "Some MF's always trying to skate uphill" slice it how u want my man went in there and tore the house down.#
Who decided to give this man the mic? You forgot to do this after announcing the pick David Akers! #NFLDraft
@datnaaahum
Fuck Akers lol
@JKingKhan 
Woooooow. @Rystall
PLEASE ! PLEASE ! Please scrap the former players to the mic thing. Their behavior is unhinged and disgusting. It cheapens the draft & makes me turn it off. You’re not going to be happy until one of them gets hurt by fans. Please abolish this before something bad happens.
Did he say “Dallas Goteem!!”
He is awesome.

Yesssssss!!
@loganmelch88
# Yawn.  So does the NFL respect our flag yet? Didn’t think so-#BoycottYheNFL
Lame

your tables so old that shit fell apart.. So Bow Down too the REIGNING WORLD CHAMPS !!! And get used too it. We're gonna dominate your sorry asses for the next decade. And by the time Wentz's career is over. there will be multiple championships, Truth hurts huh !!!
Man! As a diehard Cowboy fan, this on hurts!! 
#BoycottNFL
Who really cares?? More "kneeling" millionaires?? I quit watching long ago and I'm not going back unless things change. Respect our Anthem!!
Made my morning!
Somebody forgot the part about being humble in victory ...
 my man had to tell him what’s up
@AdamsJasonD
He ain’t lying man!  It’s been well over a hit minute.  They played in 2 and won 1 Super Bowl since our sorry asses have even gotten out the divisional round with home field and a bye week
@Jimmy_Birch93
Sounds like he hadn’t hit puberty.
it would have been cool if he went through his voice changing during his speech.
Don't tell your boss you like FB you'll be next to go. Hopefully
Classic shit, but he sounds like a third grader with the high pitched voice. Give him props for giving the Dallas fans some facts they can chew on for dinner.
One could argue that the fact that they just got punked by a kicker makes them even more roasted.
Totally agree. Disrespecting loudmouth Jerry Jones and his bandwagon fan base aka America’s Team in JerryWorld is an awesome move. #EatShitDallas
Cowboys fans watching this
American Hero.  
God...we do not deserve Football 


They should at least give he him a medal  for at least try 
Philly trolling the Cowboys hard by picking someone named Dallas
Akers TORCHED them 
And then, the Eagles stole Dallas’s pick.  You couldn’t script that any better!!!! 
I’m not a Philly fan but that was epic!!! David Akers for President!!!!!
Cowboys fans: Drew Pearsons was better
My man! #FlyEaglesFly
Akers is the man!!!
Stop using a government account for your personal BS
Take a knee Smellyanne I would say take two knees but i wouldn't want that overbite anywhere near my.............
@Frappu_Chino @colinzimm  not all heroes wear capes...
Way to go Akers! Love it
This is actually incredible lol
Haha that was lame but glad he got his 2 cents in.   UK>UL
Who cares...NFL

It only took you bums 60years to get one ring we will talk again in another 60 years 
#DC4L #DallasCowboy THE BEST IN THE EAST BABY 

He was a kicker! They don’t count
Dallas in they're own house let eagles steal their guy and had a can of woopass opened up on it by a kicker!!! Lmfao!!! Dallas sucks
I guess this means Protest Season, I mean football season is upon us.
Isn't your country free???
The NFL just went wwf
He he he
So awesome
Epic!
Perfection
I think this is hilarious! Technically they are Frisco’s Team now considering my children’s school district had to pay $30 million to help close the deal. How many other towns can say the pay >than 4K in school taxes a year?
Boooooo

@CollyMc1992 @crippy1991
@rhyslewisdavies 

Class banter @boyd100
David Akers. Volume UP

Not nice...
Hahaha even the name is Dallas
@88DrewPearson did it better
What do you know, another Eagles guy that’s super classy!! LMFAO
RIP Dallas fans
Yes but he's what? a kicker?
That's not even a real football player
@playmakr882000
@mw_333 @BrettWhite10_
