Have you ever noticed that personal attacks against conservative and Republican women are tolerated by Leftist groups, media outlets and professed feminists? #ChampionWomen #TimesUp http://bit.ly/2q4LbPS  

Oh boo hoo, you poor little fragile snowflake!
Unlike the unpersonal attacks the right has made on Democratic women, i.e., Clinton, Pocahontas, Maxine Waters, Nancy Pelosi...etc., etc.???,  Give me a freaking break!
...and we've never heard Republicans attack Hillary Clinton, Elizabeth Warren, Maxine Watters, Nancy Pelosi, women wearing "stretch pants"?
Truth hurts
Then Kellyanne should stop whining and accept it, new troll boy.

Vague recollections of you and other ‘conservative” women excoriating Hillary yet now you whine. Yiurvhypocrisy knows no bounds.
This happens on both sides Kellyanne. The political climate in our country is a disgrace down both sides of the aisle. Our President calling women fat pigs and worse, while you defend him, has surely helped to set the tone.
When you work for a man who made attacking women for their looks an everyday experience during the campaign without any of you calling him out it’s unclear what support you expect from us?
I love how leftist fight for the right todismember and kill unborn baby girls by abortion. So progressive. 

It is pure evil.
>Kill
Keep telling yourself that bud
It is noticeable to every woman with a brain.  We have to educate the haters, not stay silent. We are way past silence or turning the other cheek        thinking the haters will seek enlightmebt or go away! We must stand by and elevate the strong and bright women no matter what!
That's because "The Left" isn't about women's rights. They're about everything contrary to what America represents, namely liberty& personal responsibility. Women's rights is just a smokescreen. Liberalism is the #1 enemy of a free nation.
Love Kellyanne!
Kelly and her pathetic boss of a POTUS are laughing their asses off at you for buying into their lies. I’m laughing too.
You liberals are nothing but haters. Like I said before , don’t worry about Russia , worry about liberals. There more dangerous.
It would be sexist to not criticize a woman simply because she’s a woman.
@KellyannePolls Oh Kellyanne Conjob, did you just go on national television and say that James Comey had trouble answering basic questions? That’s beyond rich given that you were practically banned from network TV for spewing unmeasurable amounts of orange-tinted verbal feces!!!
its okay because you "deplorables" are all for not being political correct
so just giving you some
Funny...I never saw YOU wildly protesting #TRUMP s attacks on women ~lets do a recount shall we ? #ElizabethWarren  #HillaryClinton #FredericaWilson  #DianneFeinstein #MegynKelly  #MikaBrzezinski #KatyTur  & that's just a few of the women he's insulted ~ Sit Down #kellyanne
Duh because we’re tired of your #HYPOCRITICAL word vomit you call an opinion!
Maybe because they’re well deserved? You could try, along with Sanders, to tell the truth. I know it will be difficult but please try.
Kelleyanne is a fake!
Ever notice how y'all throw rocks..then hide y'all's hands?
Keep up the great work ladies.
The Looney Libs can't handle you!
Wrong. They come from the White House.
Good thing, that your supreme leader is  always very very nice to women.
Did your boss shit his diaper when he heard the news yesterday?

That's because Republican and conservative women spout the same crap as Republican and conservative men. They are aiding in the oppression and discrimination against women as a whole.
Have you ever noticed the personal attacks that your boss has thrown at everyone?
Nope
Oh look--another classy leftist
I mean, it’s literally the only explanation If you seriously don’t think Trump personally attacks everyone (except for Vlad, or Stormy for some...odd reason.....)
And it’s not even a liking/not liking trump thing...he’s been doing it for years...
You're the best!!!!
Uhm... use some blond hairspray and that'd be you.
And just to be clear, your self proclaiming your wokeness in your bio?
Wow. You actually replied to my tweet! Never thought you would. You still didn't answer my question about the best what but okay, whatever. Better to have self-proclaimed wokeness rather than be like her who just lives a life of lies, hate and  bigotry. Thanks!
Your tweets just proved the point of the article.
^^
1. It's actually the truth 
2. Again, he hasn't answered my question on her boss going personal against - wait for it - everyone
3. You are delusional if you think liberal women get a pass from the other side.

Oh quit playing the victim card both sides are guilty as hell of that.
No--they aren't
That's laughable but keep telling yourself that. There's probably meds for that delusion as well.
Keep on laughing--like a jackass
And what do you call Trump calling Elizabeth Warren Pocahontas. Or Hillary Clinton crooked Hillary. Should I go on or?
Its Fauxihontis and Hillary IS crooked.
Thank you for proving my point. Was that all that hard? It was appreciated.
You're really gonna go all the way down with this ship, aren't you?
Kellyanne is classy. Unlike you left wing trash.
Hahaha !!!!!
Kiss my Trump ass
Yet you call liberals “trash” 
You are bottom feeders
lock trunk up
It is a consequence of associating with a "president" who has zero respect for women of any political persuasion. But you wouldn't get that, obviously. Over your head.
actually i havent noticed because i honestly do not listen to their poison. i understand your point, but i really never listen to their nonsense
Love you all
Whose side are you on?!??
WAIT A MOMENT? Are you not the Counselor to the President of the United States? And this for you is within yr job description and work time? I would get a personal account where you can rant. Try each day to become a less angry and spiteful person. It will help yr kids and others
No they’re not, you’re all just morons, pure and simple.

Well, maybe you don't remember how conservative women attacked @HillaryClinton and @MichelleObama.  So, tell your snowflake conservative womens' group, with selective memory, to get over it.  They get what they deserve. @CNNPolitics
Oh yes, and they love Hillary-a real style setter.  D.Kickie
ABC,CBS,CNN,MSNBC, NBC, HBO, Comedy Central and SNL ALL salivating for ANY American War so they can use it against Pres Trump in 2020. The Media is the War Mongers America and Americans. And they want Americans at war for their own geopolitical global agenda.
Conservative women attack other women.

Have you noticed how the WH interns are overwhelmingly white?
Snowflake
Maybe if you smoked some more meth you'd feel OK about it.
Would posting this be considered a personal attack?  Asking for a friend
The fact that she looks like a toy soldier? Ahahaha.
What class did you take that taught you your method - rapid fire answers and comments that deflect, blame others, confuse, interrupt, ill-researched - but are delivered like a semi-automatic.  Amazing skill or weakness?

I wonder how you feel when the right attacks Dem woman? Are you equally offended or conveniently ignore the attacks?

Hello Ms Conway, may I just ask you to read this, it's relating to a possible false flag attack by Syrian Rebels who may be attempting to manipulate the USA to get involved further in Syria

Thank you
Your horrible hate laced rhetoric defending 45 could be the reason... what do you REALLY think puppet? You are a curious “string puller”.
And a oh yea. Your Boss has now had a affair while married to 3 different women confirmed. Worry about the idiot behind the desk, not the news so much Quit pushing his agenda which includes degrading and rolling back womens gains in the workplace How do you stand working for him?
Yes and as usual a double standard
You're doing the metahypocrisy shuffle.

Because you're lying idiots who make us all look bad. If you told the truth (even conservative truth) or had brains (looking at you kellyanne and Sarah) I wouldn't tolerate it. I don't tolerate incompetence in the real world, won't take it from you.
Have you ever noticed how Little respect your boss has for women? I don’t know how you have any for yourself. Your mother must be so embarrassed.
Hello
Well jesus christ, conservatives have ALWAYS done that to liberal women. Feels different on the other side, huh?




https://www.elle.com/culture/career-politics/a17851722/donald-trump-white-men-abuse-times-up/ …


“The Fair Pay order included two rules that impacted women workers: paycheck transparency and a ban on forced arbitration clauses for sexual harassment, sexual assault or discrimination claims.” https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/trump-pulls-back-obama-era-protections-women-workers-n741041 …
Kellyanne wouldn't notice.
Time to eat it, Don

http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-avenatti-stormy-trump-20180407-story.html …
#potus #trump #MAGA #news
@realDonaldTrump @nikkihaley @seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @Cabinet @newtgingrich @SenJohnMcCain @RandPaul @MELANIATRUMP
#AlternativeFacts
These women don’t have a clue
#GOPCriminals  #GOPCorruptAF
Shut up kellyanne you haven't a moral leg to stand on
These women are beautiful and smart. #all women count
Well Melania doesn’t fit the bill she most likely is a Democrat like Trump and the other 3 are freaking LIARS
Republican women have potty mouths. They make personal attacks all the time. Watch Fox News and you will hear them. Your point isn’t valid.
Why did t you out your pic up?

Unfortunately yes! Sadly yes! Unamerican yes!
Sanders - lies daily and attacks anyone who disagrees
Conway - lies daily under the guise of "alt facts"
Ingraham - personal attacks on a mass shooting survivor

Disagreeing with vitriol and lies doesn't care about your gender or politics.
They have it coming because of their behavior, not their sex.
First thing I thought when I saw this was where is Kellyanne.?. We love you
I've noticed that personal attacks against progressive & Democratic women are tolerated by Right Wing groups and KELLYANNE CONWAY herself.  I know it's difficult but look in the mirror sweetie.
I say this is Alt Facts lol right Conway?
Ever notice that the entire country has seen Melanie tits, but not Donnie' s taxes? Weird huh 
This is a joke, right?  You and this entire administration do very little well at all, but one thing you all excel at is personal attacks on others and you are totally tolerant of it.
Have you ever heard our failing @POTUS name call and degrade women by grabbing them by the p....? 
#SexualPredatorTrump 
Degrading women is not acceptable on either side.
Loser dems are suffering from PTED...Post Traumatic Election Disorder.  This is no joke, it is real. Emotional outbursts, anger, resentment.
Ya all make it too easy. Lying for your own personal gain. This isn’t going to end well for you.
There’s a difference between attacking a person’s character and disagreeing with their views. I would never defend your ideas, but I will defend you as a person
So you are aware...and you support it. @KellyannePolls , you're a disgusting hypocrite...literally a moral black hole.
They said women Kellyanne, not Satan's daughter Kellyanne Conway. Silly goose!
#trademark #hyenapolitics
It’s the stupidity that is the target not the person! And it is Bipartisan and not just woman! You hated Trumps guts till he offered you a job and when he goes down in flames you will flip back on him again! Politics are corrupt period!
in the same way they ingore the status of women around the world.
That’s part of the deal when you accept and promote alternative facts.
WOW Four Amazing Beautiful Trump Supporting Republican Women In one Picture at one Time  And Our Beautiful Republican Queen Miss Kellyanne Conway is posting itTHATS Awesome
TRUMPET PUPPET!!
BECAUSE YOU'RE COMPLICIT YOU DINGDONG
No, Kells....  in your case you lie and create your own troubles with the media.  Most are debating your views,  not if you are wearing Obama's clothes or shoes.
Not really, conservative women are supposed to remain silent and allow her male counterpart to run everything it's the way it's always been. Particularly in your Bible.
When you sleep with the the Antichrist almost anything is tolerated.  @potus ever tell you you remind him of his daughter?
Of course. They only believe in women’s rights if you are liberal.
Well, if they were not part of a very corrupt government, they wouldn’t have this problem. And I think, regardless of all your lies and deception, deep down, you know this. Grow up.
Liar
Nope, never noticed that. Thanks for filling the air with more meaningless bullshit, Kellyanne.
I’ve noticed.  Millions have noticed.
It’s because these women are classy enough to keep their v-gays off their heads in public, they think with their brains. 
Democratic Libtards are so hypocritical and jealous of our Republican women in office that are making this country great againKeep up Kellyanne, you are an intelligent, powerful woman making a difference and have been effective in bringing the truth to the world
I stand with these women and am proud of the many women who are wives,mothers, yet work at a career outside their homes 
Yes!! They are the biggest hypocrites ever!
Because they all lie like Spanky.
Have you ever noticed how the President colluded with Russia?
Because personal attacks are done on anyone you don’t agree with by you every day.  Simply do not mention personal attacks after all you’ve said.  You haven’t any defense.
Maybe it's about the bullshit some of you spout. Still no news of your CNN interview where you screamed at trump regarding his  bankruptcies on the back of ordinary works or the scream for his tax returns to be made public like all previous Presidents you rubber faced cow 
This is a lie! Check your facts?!?
Have you ever noticed that conservatives make personal attacks against high school kids who want to go to school without fear of being gunned down by an AR-15?
Perhaps it’s because you’re traitors to your gender and your country.
I e also noticed how fast Republicans run away when confronted instead of rallying like the Dems. RINO’s are such cowards and NEVER double down to protect one another except @POTUS
Yes America notices miss kelly anne
Have you ever noticed that personal attacks against people Kellyanne doesnt like are tolerated by nutjobs. the irony is off the charts..
Hey Kelly, it’s alright. They know conservative women are too strong to let Mere Words hurt us. We just consider the source. ; )
The real feminists are conservative women!
Only the party of inclusiveness and diversity is allowed to denigrate women,  foreigners and minorities.  They can even body shame people too
Yes and @jimmykimmel is leading the charge. Where’s the outrage?
There is a difference between tolerance and truth. You should try it sometime.
A×!!!++@,
Oh, conjob, always the victim
They don’t care if your a successful woman. They only care about the liberal woman who die their hair purple have earrings all over their faces wear vagina hats and wonder why their not respected or have a fair chance at a job.
Youre still around?
Bar fly!!!
Bonkers Conway? Sad?
Yet the earth stops when Laura I. said hogg whines,  Oooooowh how devestating.
INCLUDING YOU... WHO ARE YOU TRYING TO FOOL!
Oh yes Kellyanne and we've never heard horrid attacks on Michelle, Hillary, Maxine, Diane exc. Cry about it cupcake..
no
Do the same with Hillary or Obama
And dont forget, Little Jimmy Kimmel insulted our First Lady because of her accent. Apparently, Jimmy Kimmel is anti immigrant!

#sad
Oh you are such a rhymes with witch. How is the opioid initiative going? JK. Pfft. We suck.
Have you ever noticed that personal attacks by @realDonaldTrump against the FBI, former Presidents, sexually assaulted women, Mexicans, African  countries, media personnel, Democrats...basically everyone but Putin...is tolerated by the GOP, Fox News and the 700 club?
700 club LOL . Those darn Christians
Goes both ways stupid! YOU should talk!!! Practice what you preach!!
@KellyannePolls   Thank you for all your hard work - it’s greatly appreciated.
Kellyanne have you ever seen how Trump attacks women, men, children, Democrats, the handicapped, the Press, CNN, President Obama, do you get my point! Trump is the biggest cyber bully when is Melanie ever going to tackle this. This is just a big joke!
Rah Rah, Zip boom bah. Time for a split. Pom Pom rattles
Only if they are well deserved, like those directed to you Conwoman
Yes

Hypocrisy much?
