Update from @MedStarWHC on the condition of Majority Whip Steve Scalise: 
That’s what you think !!!
@GroverNorquist If their is Devine justice Ryan should be very, very afraid
Don Devine?
Your friend doesn’t deserve to live.


The sheer meanness on display here is astounding.  All of you should ask yourselves if you would ever say stuff like this to someone’s face. There has to be more to life than hating people with different political leanings than yours.
I’d say it to his face in a heartbeat.
Which means you act contemptibly.  And I don’t believe you.
So sad this nice man has to suffer because of the monster who shot him. Praying for him.
Joke!
You have a friend? Oh, right; all you lying , backstabbing, SOB's are friends. I forgot.
Yes! Come back soon @SteveScalise - we need you as OUR SPEAKER!
It’s deeply sad that you’ve done nothing to fix this countries crazy gun laws. If you really cared about Steve you’d help prevent unstable people from having EASY access to guns. Glad you’re leaving Congress. Hopefully someone with a spine will replace you.
Continued prayers to one of the very best guys in DC
At least he recovered, unlike all those kids who didn't.
Praying for you and your family 
Retire NOW Paul!! God bless you Steve!! A true patriot!!
Amen
Just think, Steve Scalise is enjoying the best health care taxpayer dollars can buy. 

While he voted yes to the balanced budget bill that would have stolen another $2.9 trillion from the Social Security fund.  

Thank god the bill did NOT pass.233 republicans voted for this bill
Thank God for his excellent tax payer funded medical insurance.

always one azzjack who has to turn the direction of the conversation.  Usually because they cant think for themselves and just give well wishes to another human being.  Wishes for a speedy recovery Congressman Scalise.
When will his assailant be brought to trial?

And what are you doing about gun control?
you should hang yourself with your spinal cord.
Please feel better soon.
God bless.
Prayers for you Senator Scalise!
You’ve got your hands full with a deficit that will reach a trillion dollars soon! Maybe you should donate your pension!
Wishing you a speedy recovery and lots of love from Canada 
God's Blessings!
Mr Scalise , I’m praying for a speedy recovery sir .
Need another Republican vote?
Hope all goes well.
Praying for Scalise.
My prayers are with Steve and for his continued recovery!
My Sincere prayer to Almighty God in the name/spirit of Jesus Christ for you and your speedy recovery. We look forward to you as our new Speaker of the House with true conservative representation. GOD Be with you Mr. Speaker Scalise!
Traitor! Clinton Foundation $$$
Then maybe you should support @marcorubio bill to change DC gun laws
what is the @GOP doing about gun control? You claim to be pro-life but support the manufacture of assault weapons designed only to kill PEOPLE.
#ThoughtsAndPrayers
You're leaving work soon....
#thoughtsandprayers That’s what we are supposed to say. Right?
Enough with the pretty boy crap Paul Ryan.
Blessings! Please get well soon!!
Prayers for speedy recovery
God Bless him and keep him 
Maybe he can rest up and get well by staying there until the Nov mid-terms?
God Bless and speedy recovery.
Prayers for you. Would love to have you as speaker Mr. Scalise.
Has Kellyanne showered today? She smells like cheese.
???
prayers up
Guns are bad mkay
Best wishes for speedy full recovery.
Paul very nice gesture but you also need to stand behind our President and stop working AGAINST the American people's choice!
Gun control
Retire already you jerk.
#BanAssaultWeapons
Are all these people doin tide pods?
You don't have friends, Kellyanne - just people you've decided not to eat yet.
@SteveScalise is a white supremacist.
The thing that gets me is Steve scalise got shot but will do nothing about gun laws
Not even your friend getting shot has been enough to move you on gun control. You are a heartless, calculating hypocrite and this is the reputation that will follow you as you fade into the sunset
No sympathy Ovah Heeah.
We know. Cronies and donors are always first in your heart.
...because who leaves there job "to spend time with my kids," when their oldest is leaving for college and your youngest, the 13 year old has discovered girls.
Right! They needed daddy when they were little, what’s the point now

You have a friend?..
Mr.Ryan you getting out on top before the titanic sinks pretty smart man miss you I don't agree with your ideas but I think you are the next GQ man
Sinks?  Economy is great, more money per paycheck, what you talkin' about Willis?
God bless
God bless
Is he still getting paid or is he like the rest of America and forced to go on FEMA?
Thoughts and prayers.
praying for him and his family! Get better Steve,  we love you!
God speed and out the door, Paul Trump. Is he really your father? That’d make Eric your brother.
Get better Steve Scalise!
Hope his insurance,that my tax dollars pay for, is better than the $2,400 a month (I pay 850 of it)insurance that my family carries. I’d have to pay the 1st 5k out of pocket. Hope he doesn’t have that to worry about how he’s going to pay for getting well. Feel better soon Steve
that's between you and your h.r. they make the insurance deals!
True that. It’s just that the premiums went up around $200 a month when the GOP started dismantling the ACA. As part of their HR dept (American taxpayer) I’d like to renegotiate their plans for them to pay the same percentage of income that the middle class does. Only seems fair
Dear Steve  , You are strong like a rock .  I am happy to know that you are in good care and will be back for action . Awesome .   Spring will be here soon ? LOL .  Maybe ?  You will enjoy some out door healing ..See you soon .         
Praying for his complete recovery.
How about you introduce #CommonSenseGunLaws to honor his injuries and the horror of being gunned down like a pack of turkeys?
Better you instead of him. We will have a party.
Fakepresident Trump: An „Urination King“ has been born, ultimative strength of a man IQ85... 
PRAYING FOR STEVE SCALISE AND HIS FAMILY..GET WELL SOON STEVE.
Friend?
What’s his deductible?
No McCarthy
Let’s talk about the #Stormy day today
We will keep Steve Scalise in our prayers!! Lord surround his doctors in wisdom and skill !! Lord surround his family with faith and strength. Lord remind us all that thru tough times we grow stronger in faith and love of one another. God Bless America!!
We need more guns don’t we?  To stop gun violence we need more guns. Smart.
I wonder if the NRA, which bought the House seat for him, is also paying his medical bills. I wonder, too, how it feels to be beholden to an organization whose maniacal contributions to gun proliferation nearly got him killed.
They have great health insurance.
Yes.  Steve may The LORD give His peace.



So what have you done about gun control Pauly? Also, Donny tRump is a criminal and you are not doing anything about it. Grow some balls.
Congressman Steve Scalise please get well soon and praying for you and your family
Great that stevearino has great health insurance.   It’s a shame he is trying so hard to take tat away from so many Americans.
@SteveScalise 
     Steve for Me and My house we hope very much that all of your tests and procedures go well and that you are with your family and back doing your job soon! Take care we are praying and thinking about you!
Best wishes for a full recovery 
#ProtectMueller #ProtectRosenstein #ProtectOurDemocracy
Just think - there were good guys with guns and he still got shot. Seems like that plan isn’t working.
Best Wishes for a speedy recovery
Why don’t you all go home? The country would be better without you!!
Should have been a better shot
You are a good leader!
I has a word.  Good the word.
Why don't you think it's not necessary to protect Mueller?Everybody else is petitioning it, why not you? What does Trump have on you Ryan? RNC Hack? You and McConnel, Very Suspicious and Questionable! IMO..,Is that's why you're retiring? Wonder what's Mueller finds on you?
#REPUBLICAN: Liars, Thieves & Perverts.
Inpatient procedures? You’d think thoughts and prayers would’ve been enough.
Take your time, please.

Are you sure he's not recuperating from you not handing him the Speaker of the House job @SpeakerRyan and @SteveScalise? Neither of you show empathy for the working class. No sympathy here!
I hope Scalise, who was lucky to get away, stands strong against assault riffles and the NRA.
He is in excellent spirits and is eager to return to work as soon as possible to screw people out of their healthcare.
Get well praying

Must be nice to have access to the best healthcare in Am...think of all the ppl who have lost their health insurance since u gutted the Affordable Care Act so u could give ur friends a great tax break
He didn't change. He still supports a Traitor just like you do Lying Ryan. KARMA will make her rounds again, she always does, usually 10 fold. Look at Trump how its all catching up with him, Cohen, Hannity, Manafort, Flynn, Papadopouls, Bannon, Kushner, Sessions. #ItsComing #Pray

Ready to vote on sensible gun legislation now, Steve?
Here is a man who has every right to whine and cry about what happened to him, to use it as a whip. Not a word. Says a lot about his character, and what he believes to be true. God speed your recovery.
Best wish’s Steve in your journey.
Wish him a speedy recovery so he can retire like you!
It’s so unfortunate he didn’t suffer a fatal wound, one less of u would be preferable!.
F!!!!!’ Him
At least he has health care unlike the people you and he have screwed ..
Glad he has all that taxpayer funded healthcare. He should be a real man and pull up his bootstraps instead of relying on government handouts.
Perhaps today's the day to talk about gun violence? Or is it still "too soon"?
You’re the only one who wants him back.
So glad he has good Obamacare benefits.  I am sure you both wish any Americans well for their healthcare coverage for similar occasions. Especially with the lack of gun control.
Instead of thoughts & prayers, why don't you do something wild & crazy like passing universal background checks . . . ?  #NRABloodMoney
You are still a complete failure for America.  #NoGOPutin
Good thing he's on that guv'ment insurance..or how else would he ever find the 100s of Ks to pay for all that work..you know the wat we all pay for own shit
Prayers
Your work as a public servant is done -
Speaker Ryan's work is done... time to spend some time with the family.  New cartoon @politico https://www.politico.com/gallery/2018/04/02/april-2018-002833?slide=0 … 
He has taxpayer funded healthcare. I have to declare bankruptcy for a kidney stone surgery and broken leg. Screw the GOP.
Paul- please do us all a favor and don’t become like your Fellow Rhino, Flake and former running mate Rhino, McCain... go quietly; we want MAGA not more of the swamp. Truth be told, I was one of the smart ones, I didn’t vote for you and Johnny then and You sure don’t rep me now!
Time for you to go good ridence.
Praying for him. Never should have happened.
Wishing him a speedy recovery.
Pass comprehensive gun control
Nice that you're retiring at 48. Any thoughts on why you  think we should work well into our 70's for a pittance after you've picked our pockets??
Got to be fit if he wants to protect the gun industry
Scalise for Speaker.
Did any of you Republics worry about average citizens who were damaged worse & were forced to endure hell working with CAUSALGIA for over 20 years only to be culled & euthanized by you Christian Conservative Republics?  Like this man -
Hey Steve, ask your doctors how it would have been to have a stretched & torn sciatic nerve across a broken pelvis resulting in CAUSALGIA since 1994. Just ask your docs how much grit it had to take. Read the link and tell Yoder to tell Lenexa SSA it is AWOL
He’s clearly not Thoughting and Praying hard enough.
@GOP 

And he can afford this as Americans pay 72% of his HC costs while GOP denies HC for millions.

Apparently ppl in Congress are far more deserving than the rest of us who PAY for it. 

How many others have unlimited sick days?

#VoteThemAllOut 
#VoteBlue2018 
#VoteGOPOut
Can’t wait until you get out Lyan Ryan thief don’t wait for your turn to end. Leave Now
Man I hope he is thankful that none of his procedures and diagnoses are considered preexisting conditions #ObamaCare #ACA #GOPkills

But you’ll still cash that NRA check, right Paul?
GOO obstruction of russian sanctions says it all. WaPo: Trump hasn't signed off on Russia sanctions Haley announced.

When is your last day?
Get lost, @SpeakerRyan
A lasting, tragic reminder of the vicious Marxist, elitist Left and their hatred of freedom and all life! God bless Steve!
