Heartbreaking 

After this Savage intentionally went on Long Island Railroad & intentionally went on a mass shooting spree. Long Island Railroad State Officials decided to allow OFF DUTY Police Officers to ride Railroad at no cost.…
And Trump is obviously very off base on this topic.
Spot on point  % .
Now we know who and that he had problems. However, this probably be drugged out for years at the casot to taxpayers. I can only hope they make his life short and send him to the hereafter.
This was the reply when asked about healthcare food stamps etc. As they argued how many terrible things the GOP has done. I asked how why you call it a right when it’s a privilege (not saying ppl want to be on it). But it’s a privilege never the less.
He's right!  #BanAssaultWeapons and while your at it #ImpeachTrump
Did you really not feel safe your hole life? Even though Columbine took place, did you really think it would happen to you? Until it did.
Can't blame trump for lack of discipline  in these kids today. The parents are to blame for that
Please check the safest school in America, in all places Indiana
You can have all the justice you can afford........
NRA has all the money!!
Place guards at School or arm the teachers who wish to train! Laws stop only those who won’t break the law! Murders and crazy folks could care less! Isn’t there one big boy willing to tell the kids the truth? We won’t ever give up our second amendment rights so crooks may rule!
Columbine should have been the last. #GunReformNow #NRAWhore #MentalHealthAwareness
Let's ban video games too!! When you are rewarded for killing life as a child it tends to make you think!! Pong evolved and problems started!!
I'm for background checks for purchasing guns!! I had to get one when I got my concealed carry!!
The change needs 2 b securing our schools- The FBI doing there jobs 2 earn there paycheck- Jesus & Prayers back in school 2 replace VERY VERY VIOLENT Video Games. School Counselors earning their pay. Role models & Mentors 2 our nation's boys. Shaming DEAD BEAT DAD'S. 4 A START☆
Yep. Repeal gun free zone

Solution:
Stop taking the kids away from the fathers and let the women that walk out get a job and pay Dad to raise them properly.
He has a cheat sheet and wrote down what to say to the students. #5 "I hear you " lol. So much empathy. "45" embroidered on his sleeve too!

You repost this but you and your kind will  continue to take the #NRABloodMoney  and absolutely nothing will change. Just remember, the kids who walked out of class today in protest will be voting soon.

Remember this gun control movement?
We've had guns for 200 yrs, mass shootings started 30 years ago
Oh gee thanx kid. We’ll tear up the Constitution now because of what u said. Now go home & have a Tide Pod eating contest w/ ur pals!
The meeting today @POTUS had with families, teachers, students, etc., restored my faith we might actually take actions that will keep our schools safe. Diverse views, solutions, etc were all actually discussed and heard. This is way it should work.
It's time to end the gun free zones
. @ABC These kids put the other, @cnn coached, fame seeking militants to shame, BRAVO! @realDonaldTrump won my daughter over during this meeting.
We need to address the problem of homicidal maniacs running around who devise ways to kill people even though murder is illegal.
Jeez how many times did ofuckhead have the balls to do this
...we have never been to the middle east where everyday there is war and turmoil.

I’m thankful to dad who legally moved his family to the US 40+ years ago.
The FBI has already admitted to not following their own protocol, if they can't keep us safe, disarming America won't.
Significant change?  Unless we arm the teachers and staff, there won't be any change.
Should we ban trucKS and planes too?

911 --- AIRPLANES. NO GUNS
OKC --- TIM USED A TRUCK..NO GUNS
FLIGHT 93 --- BOX KNIVES  .. NO GUNS 
GET A CLUE
We all agree that it should never happen again!  But evil lurks in so many hearts that it will continue!
Every  Child   in Jr  High,  High School  ,  College   etc  should   be! Enough .  I  side with children   not   side  arms.  Guns cant  vote   children   will  able to  in the  future . No  guns in schools.
Student bullying nds 2b banned! Peer group behavior twd vulnerable/unstable stdnts causes violent retribution. Kind Campaign motto "We've all been the victim, unfortunately we're also the cause. Help us change" applies. Pls @Oprah Clooney et al fund behavioral change ilo protests
Are you listening?
Can you hear them now?
Kids have the right to go to school without feeling like targets
Get rid of assault weapons in civilian hands
Do better background checks 
STOP TAKING MONEY FROM NRA IN ORDER TO DO THEIR BIDDING

Politians -YOU CAN DO BETTER!
How has my riffle ever hurt you? By definition is not an assault rifle. Why should I lose freedoms for you? Stop making more money then me. Send your money I’ll feel better not your right to have more than me. I can’t live in a better place I’m scared you pay for it I’ll be safer
I have breakthrough research on mental health and gun violence that can reduce ALL violent crime by RECORD numbers that would be a HUGE help to @POTUS, but getting it directly to him is easier said than done!

Root causes aren't going away soon. Gun control laws would have minimal impact. SECURITY is the only way to STOP school shootings.
Stop playing violent video games and watching violent movies/tv

How about implementing School uniforms. It’s easy to identify all the students enrolled. And also eliminates the jealousy of some kids having all the name brands and some not, reducing bullying. This along with metal detectors, more patent involvement and social media scrutiny
How about ppl taking responsibility for their own actions.  Seek Jesus as your Lord and savior. He loves us all.
Justin, I am old and weak, and already the worst president in American history. I can’t do anything unless Vladimir Putin says it’s OK. He likes to kill American children, and I can’t stop it. I am weak.
It's really to bad he is talking to Trump because he sold out to the NRA already. SAD

@KellyannePolls
So that change will be arming teachers? Funny this tweet says he’d never do that.
If he's talking about the corruption of the FBI, I fully agree!
If President Trump gets this done curious to see the reaction from News media? Something no other leader has accomplished. I’m holding you the media’s feet to fire on this!!
Is this kid another crisis actor?
Does he really believe Columbine was the first ever school schooting?
I want to know how the kids feel about this meeting!
Never seen anything like this before with any politician Amazing leadership by the President today Such moving and hearfelt statements from students and parents teachers and others maybe there is hope 
Did anyone else notice that none of the outspoken students were included?
You can not prevent evil people from doing evil things. Just look at all of the people killed by vehicles being driven through crowds and bombs, and yes jet planes. Evil people will find a way to do their evil. We need to be able to try and defend ourselves, leave our guns alone.
We can vote out the Violent Left. Round up the Leakers and Crooks left in DC. Change Laws.....but we can not raise someone's kid for them....sad to say
Entrance to a movie studio  ... entrance to a school, "Gun Free Zone" ... You have armed guards protect you ABC, but our schools get signs that say "Gun Free Zone"? Really? Eliminate your armed guards, then let's have a conversation.
Agreed—There will be stronger background checks for our citizens, gun-owners & voters who must love USA. And heavy armed protection of our children/schools, the same way we protect our beloved banks, politicians & celebrities?  We’re just getting warmed up!
The schools need to keep doors locked and improve security on who enters school during working hours.
Teenage angst doesn't trump the unalienable individual #RKBA recognized in the #2A.
So my young friend... what is your solution? 

Put military on campus and borders dip stick

After I tweeted I read some of the other tweets. What a shame how much hatred there is in the country. I didn’t like some of the past leaders but never would lash out like some people. Maybe u should step back and say “wow he is trying “.
Agree, the level of disrespect and hate is unbelievable. People should support this President as he obviously wants what’s best for the American people.
A president can’t take away a right. What is needed is background checks (FBI had dozens of warnings) and armed good guys to prevent deranged killers from doing these things.
The FBI needs to do their job and we need gun violence restraining orders where mentally ill & threatening people are found unfit to legally buy/own a firearm by a court of law. Oh and an easier way to get threatening mentally ill committed.
As a gun owner I can support the following changes in our gun laws 

Minimum age to buy a firearm 21 years old - to young to buy a beer to young to buy a gun
Close gun show background loop hole- there’s an app for that 
Ban bump stocks.
I would add a gun safety course to first time buyers
People that attend a gun safety program are not the problem. The people who commit these crimes do not care about mandatory classes, registration, or safety.
Dream on
The “change” needed in this country to prevent violence is the students themselves, quit bullying, cyber shaming, making fun of others, etc.  The gun is the tool, not the cause!
My guns haven't harmed anyone today,  probably not going to tomorrow either.
Unless some random CNN dick shows up and asks for trouble, I mean an interview.
These kids are clueless
@KellyannePolls OUR PREZ IS SO NICE. HE REALLY CARES BUT HE KNOWS AS I DO, TILL WE GET THE WALL N STOP THE INFLUX OF GUNS DRUGS....
Change the culture! The entertainment is trash, people don’t respect anything traditional, so until that changes, nothing will change.
Put God back in schools!
True. Our downfall began when the 10 Commandments we're removed from schools.
Why are you retweeting this when you and the Trump regime actively support murdering school kids ?
And your statement is based on what fact??
"there are no easy answers, but there are simple answers" - Ronald Reagan
Ban: THE CATCHER IN THE RYE.
Yes there needs to be an armed guard and metal detectors at doors. Get the PTA involved.
How many of those kids that are yelling and screaming about gun control have call of duty or Grandtheft auto at home there video box? Seems hypocritical
give every able qualified teacher a gun and it never will.
Maybe disband The fbi since they are useless for anything besides sedition
What age are those who are issued weapons for military duty? What difference does it make?
Wow! A bunch of crap. Snow flakes.. how do kids in Chicago feel?
Exactly.  The @FBI failed us.  Local government take responsibility.
Thanks for doing this Pres. Trump I am sure u will work hard to solve it.
Nothing is going to change. The NRA just came out with a statement before the Townhall with the Parkland students that they oppose any changes which infringe on the non-criminal citizens the right to Second amendment. No one is going to agree to have armed teachers in school.
What the kids have been shouting about,marching about and protesting about is not what was said with Trump. Were the kids told to not say anything to inflammatory, so they wouldn’t set him off without a Teleprompter? That was a sad meeting today… Terrible optics...For #45
I think everybody in the country would agree with Justin… This has to never happen again. I am from Las Vegas, my next-door neighbor was shot twice, nobody who can do anything about this situation cares, well, they do care… About themselves only. #PoliticsSucks #GunReformNow
We need change Now !
Arm all teachers NOW!
End Gun Free Zones NOW
It will happen again crazy people are out there we do not need gun free zones anywhere
Gun free zones, is what nuts and terrorists and Democrats look for, they don't want any resistance!
The White House would rather turn schools into prisons than impose strict gun control regulations.

DAMN!!!
Omg!  Indoctrinate'd.. Stop the Crap!

Yes, have armed personnel manning school buildings
Sam Zeif & Mark Braden are the ppl in the room at this Whitehouse mtg who seem to make the most sense, and are bravest. And aren't kissing Trump's ass. Don't forget, Trump promised the NRA that he'd never let them down. I don't believe he will break that. No proof of it.
Cops at schools is the only way we will keep them safe
This Whitehouse mtg w/ picked #parkland kids & parents is gross. @realDonaldTrump s idea of "concealed carry" for teachers. Sure, just give out more guns, instead of better laws that keep the disturbed from buying them to begin with. #samzeif is making sense, that is it.
If we can't buy guns only criminal and nuts will have them,then Obumer will take over!
I’m NOT carrying a gun to work! I get paid to teach and am underpaid! Somebody needs to work in that expertise walking around campus with a gun.When my son served the USAF deployed to Iraq training their police at a school. Heck, make our Schools patrollable bases here in #US
I watched it was so disappointed in the parents and the kids.nothing on assault weapons ban.I believe trump conn them with the bump stock.they should have never been legal in the first place.then the governs.but nothing will come from it.the conn vote no republican in government
How about instead of saying this has to never happen again.  Say:  I do not want any criminal, gun or other weapon on my campus. Period.”
Good luck with that Snowflake!
If only the FBI hadn’t dropped the ball.....
The two girls next to Trump didn’t say anything- these  are not the kids in movement in Florida trying to make a change- this ya total BS
This is too sad. When I was this age my biggest issue was when the next HS Dance would be held. I never...not even 1 time thought about a gunman coming N2 my school...NEVER! Their childhood has been stolen from them. This is NOT the way kids should be raised
That's the problem,the family has disappeared!
It starts with Jesus Christ Justin not the president.  The shooting is a result of us all falling away from God's statutes.
Absolutely agree with you. & treating people with respect & kindness.

NEW! “I LOVE AMERICA” CHILDREN'S E-BOOK NOW AVAILABLE ON AMAZON KINDLE! GREAT VALUE E-BOOKS FOR KIDS! CHECK OUT MY "I LOVE" SERIES (10 books) https://www.amazon.com/America-Childrens-Rhyming-Bedtime-Beginner-ebook/dp/B079SZCV22/ref=sr_1_4?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1519161893&sr=1-4&keywords=Emily+Hopkins … 

Ban Assault Weapons
Universal Background Checks -- Close the Gunshow Loophole

"Pro Life" GOP is really into its gun fetish.

@MomsDemand
This was staged BS.   

#WeCallBS
FOS
Do you actually think trump listened? he has not heard  anything we have said.he thinks everyone is beneath him.
Hard to loose an election ,Snowflake!
@realDonaldTrump and his administration are the coldest people I have ever witnessed. No conscience whatsoever.
Oh,Obumber had your backs!
ALL these students are so much more eloquent and better informed than the old Dotard pretending to be President. He is a disgrace to Americans, to Republicans, to men, to humans, to everything alive on earth today.
Local authorities are responsible to make their schools safe for the kids. This is not a Federal Government concern. There are no laws to fix it. Its simple. Secure the schools. We live in evil times right here at the end and have to be diligent & prayerful.
Thank you. Not a Fed problem. Get your PTA involved in securing your schools.


There it is.  All 1776 and just as ambiguous as ever.
What an inspirational young man! Well done, let’s hope Trumpster is listening
Unfortunately nothing will happen as a result and Trump gets his photo op
And in the White House light we saw
Ten thousand people, maybe more.
trump was talking without speaking...
trump was hearing without listening...
There was no expression of empathy or compassion for the survivors of the mass shooting. Trump could only talk about how his ideas are going to be the strongest and more important in history. No surprise, Trump even made this all about him.
You obviously did not watch!
This is bullshit, all this kids were hand picked by trump. Pure trump supporters and giving him nothing but praises.
Clearly they've been told in no uncertain terms that there will be serious repercussions if anyone talks about gun control.
Prescreened fake actors to appease Republicans and Trump
Liberals will still complain, no matter what Trump does.  The hate is very much alive on the left.
#IStandWithParkland #GunReformNow #VoteOutGOPNRA
Arms crossed not very receptive body language!  @DeadlineWH @IndivisibleOK
Our fore father's wrote the second amendment with guns and muskets in mind NOT AUTOMATIC WEAPONS! No citizen needs an AR-15 or other AUTOMATIC machine guns! kids & people more than your guns! GOP & NRA ARE MURDERS! If you're not part of the solution you're part of the problem
The AR15 isnt a machine gun. This is why #2A  supporters dont take you serious. We have a people problem not a gun problem.
No one needs to own a high capacity semi-automatic weapn. No one.
What is high capacity? Your subjective view of an arbitrary number means nothing
Well golly. I'm no expert, but if you can't bring down the deer with 10 shots, maybe you should head back to the rifle range for more target practice. No one needs a 30 round clip. No one.
Its called a magazine and proves another point i would like to make. No one can carry on an intelligent conversation if they dont educate themselves on the subject.
I have little doubt that #PresidentTrump will say the right things about gun control during and right after this little pow wow...  but will pull a 180 as soon as tomorrow when his "advisors", GOP pols, and NRA get in his ear.
We all know what changes are needed. Less guns. More regulations. Ban the NRA terrorist organization.
Geez all about school nothing bout guns? Really they selected the trump things? Bs
All a big show , blah blah blah. He did it with the tax reform and the dreamers now this. He will say I will  sign any legislation that comes on my desk and when something does he won’t sign it and then he’ll  blame everyone else.
Most of them want Fascism
This father I feel for him, but please, why won’t he talk banning assault weapons??!!! If anyone can help it would be him. 
You want to ban .12 gauge shot guns and Glock hand guns too?
Cherry picked those republicans kids only btw
Let’s hear more from Justin’s dad!
Trump will help you if you just LISTEN to him and do as he says... why don’t you kids get that?!
Don't worry. They won't do anything. Like always.

*secretly hope I am dead wrong*
Where is Trump emotion. A dad describes his daughter shot 9 times he Trump remains stone faced. @DeadlineWH @IndivisibleOK
A security guard will not stop a madman with an ASSAULT Rifle.
How can these kids on this panel not talk guns. No mention of banning assault weapons. This crowd was screened! Screened to praise Trump, barely a mention of gun control. Shame.
He learned that from the Obama administration...
Ya know... when people like you have nothing intelligent to contribute to a conversation, you reach for "...but Obama..." or "but Hillary..." It shows your ignorance and nothing more.
Obama was the biggest fraud ever played on the American people. That is why he constantly gets brought up.
I want someone to ask @realDonaldTrump why he revoked the mental health ban on purchasing guns!!!
The Obama law, I assume? In the long run it wasn’t actually really helpful. It wasn’t even a law banning all mentally ill people from purchasing guns. But it was a start to something. While it wasn’t a useful law, instead of completely repealing it, he should have tweaked it.
He’s not going to do anything about it as long as he and his gun loving buddies are benefiting from the nra.
This is Trump he wants to make America Great Again,you are getting him confused with radical terrorist Kenya Obumer!
Our kids are "Sitting Ducks" without: 

1. Security Fences 
2. Metal Detectors 
3. Qualified Armed Personnel  

Passing Laws only works for people that obey the law...
How can Trump listen to these people tell their story without crying? Narcissists have no empathy, compassion. His child will NEVER attend school without a Secret Service PSD. Barron will NEVER feel the fear. Milania, please turn on your husbands heart. He is sick and needs help
This facade. the kids are telling this asshole @realdonaldtrump @potus what a great job he's doing, which seems that they were polled beforehand to allow only those who support him to speak & I ONLY see THREE Black children so far & they are NOT sitting in the front row 
TOTAL BS

in this case it means heroin, which is now a white western upper middle class male with a solid safety net, secure job, and nothing to hide, so I don't!
