Clinton, Conway join forces in opioid battle http://www.dailycitizen.news/news/local_news/clinton-conway-join-forces-in-opioid-battle/article_fb21596a-ed2f-5f81-82a3-4c492154e168.html …
#kratom can help. @TheKratomAssn site you can find an 8 factor analysis by Dr. Jack Henningfield. Many have gotten clean using this plant. I no longer have to take opiates for chronic pain. Millions support this. Please look into the scientific and anecdotal evidence.
Bipartisanship is no longer possible. Your boss has seen to that.
I don't know. Seems like blue states are the ones pushing for legalizing marijuana. Seems like I've read studies that marijuana use leads to hard drug use. Maybe the Democrats aren't on board as much as they say.
Alcohol leads to drug use.
Marijuana has MANY medical benefits, unlike alcohol whic takes thousands of lives every year. Making marijuana legal is used for treating anxiety and pain which would reduce the prescriptions for opiates and Benzodiazepines .. Big Pharma
Thank you :-)
I can.... think of a more non-partisan issue:  the Mueller investigation !
If a Clinton does anything, it's to grease their own pockets. 

None of them can be forgiven for what they have done to this country. 

What about #Haiti
What about Puerto Rico????
Purdue pharmaceuticals fault
America has only 5% of worlds population but consumes 80% of worlds opioids. Big Pharma is basically exploiting your population. It’s a symptom of poorly regulated capitalism. Your politicians can stop it if they want but just like guns they probably won’t.
I have a problem with Sarah always saying we rather than the president is doing this or that or not we are doing this or that do you know what I’m saying
Please, just watch your back. Never trust any Clinton. They are only out for themselves.
That’s right @kittyconnerb1, you don’t see the current president lining his pockets by spending every weekend at Mar a Lago and funneling taxpayer money into his resort. Ha ha ha ha ha.
Really Conjob? Then why has Donny proposed huge cuts to programs that address this crisis in his budget? #MoronInChief
Kelly Anne, the focus needs to be on criminals that sale their pills on the #black market. Don’t punish folks who really need their meds.
It starts with Physicians Tammy
Exactly which drugs are you on?
Your boss is in a such a f..cked up situation  right now that you are still trying to cover his ass up by posting about opioid crisis...Even the opioids won't be able to save his crook ass from being investigated for russian mafia money laundry & stormy.
Your a fucking joke. Your the leaker.
Maybe you'll finally learn some class from the Clintons
WHEN YOU SOLD YOUR SOUL WAS IT A DOLLAR?
Listening to you discuss this with Chris Cuomo and you are full of it. I have not received any more money in my check or reduction in taxes. You lie over and over again. You are delusional
Great we have bipartisanship on the failed war on drugs. Why? You guessed. They are all greedy liars.
Quality of life from people who suffer daily? The overdoses are not only opioids? I pray to GOD that none of big dogs will ever need them!!! Legalize CANABIS there's no o.d. there. No compassion,American Don T get treatment!! GOV. TOOK IT AWAY FROM ALL DRS. YOU HAVE
Nobody trusts you.
How much money?
You squandered whatever credibility you may have once had as a child. 
Tragic, and not fake news.
Please, something has to be done. We just lost a family member to this addiction. Tired of politics interfering in what should be a non partisan issue. People are dying...we need solutions NOW.
So very sorry for your loss. But, I have Traumatic Brain Injury with severe head pain - electrocuted in 1991, age of 29. 2002, found a Pain Specialist. Helped reduce pain some via pain meds to have a kinda life. I get punished passing 100+ drug tests? Abusers die, unfortunately.
I too live with chronic pain. Those of us who need treatment are abused by those who use the system. Things need to change. It shouldn’t be so hard for genuine patients to receive treatment either. Godspeed 
Jo, hate that you deal w/ CP. It's life-altering, and I read you're a Mom. Can't be easy. I work w/ a group that is fighting for CPPs rights for needed meds. Very active & now getting nat'l media attention. Check out website & FB page. Hang in there!
Legalise drugs for crying out loud
Don't punish people living with chronic pain because of a bunch of junkines making bad decisions.  That's the first thing  you need to make sure of.  #ChronicPain
Wish you could tell the truth, just once
Glad you’re helping this important cause, but on another note, I saw your “spin” on FOX this morning and had to laugh! Are people actually buying what you’re selling????
I can't think of anyone less qualified as well as having lost all dignity with "alternative facts" being anywhere near this crisis.  Go away @KellyannePolls .  You'll never recover from your behavior supporting this President.  You should be ashamed.  Your poor children. Sad.
Your candidate protected sex traffickers in Haiti. 

Don't have kids, you're clearly too stupid. 

Any kid would be lucky to have KA as their parent. You stick with your pedo supporting, tide pod eating, pussy hat wearing sadists.
Why is your husband posting stuff thats contradicts our President? What an a s s!
WHAT about alcohol? Some people need thes, taking away from cancer, chronic, I've seen a man with 1 leg, the other no toes, what about meth? Don't here ya talking about this illegal crap? You people up there in the government doesn't get it being in so much pain that it takes the
Ah Kellyanne Con”way” is trying to be nice now!  You had your fun with Rebekah Mercer for a while.  But you pay the price for ‘love’.  Facebook Fallout Deals Blow to Mercers’ Political Clout
Kellyanne if you were the last hope for the unfortunate opioid addicts of the USA, then the ship has sunk and the lifeboats are made out of barbed-wire.

Fortunately - as I’m sure - they will be in your thoughts & prayers when their life takes a dramatic turn for the worst.
Than you haven't thought about it hard enough.  Sessions' 1985 cannabis policy is exactly the opposite of what you should be doing to combat opioid addiction/abuse.
Your nation?  Thankfully we all stopped consipracy theories and lying when we became adults.  Have fun little one
We might want to start with exposing those responsible for the shipping and processing of Afghan opium, which is ending up in the United States and other countries.
We need MORE drugs to cope with the fresh hell that this corrupt, unqualified narcissistic #FakePresident is putting us through!
Your husband is making me think you are the one leaking. Wth is his problem!
The first 3 words of that post are the most truthful thing I've heard you say
How about the very non-partisan way your precious boss was taken down a few pegs yesterday? All the people HE appointed raided HIS attorney's office. How non-partisan. Oh, Kellyanne, what will you do with yourself?
Your husband seems to stand for law in a nonpartisan way.  Read and learn dear.
DID YOU DRINK YOUR MORNING BLOOD YET YOU MONSTER? Sign the petition: Tell Congress to Fire @epascottpruitt. Sign here: https://actionnetwork.org/petitions/sign-the-petition-tell-congress-to-fire-scott-pruitt?source=twitter& … #EPA #firepruitt #bootpruitt

The Cohen raid is a game changer: Trump's reaction tells us so | Lawrence Douglas https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2018/apr/10/donald-trump-michael-cohen-raid-comment …
Yeah, cool, but can you think of anything that is going to piss the President off more than what your husband tweeted this morning??
Jeff Sessions should resign. Jeff Sessions should step down to run for something else.
Get ready to be a nobody. Unless Mueller digs up something on you too. Then get ready for your arrest photo.
Treatment costs skyrocketed now that the push is on to make taxpayers cover the expense for treatment,all while prescriptions for opioids are at their lowest in years! We'll be paying to rehab street users but STILL have no decent insurance for ourselves! https://www.insurancejournal.com/news/national/2018/04/09/485707.htm …
This is being done (so some can make money)under the auspices of "saving lives". Law abiding patients are like law abiding gun owners. Ultra-restrictive regs only hurt the honest,legitimate patients. Addicts will always abuse&die. You are inflicting suffering on decent people.
Govt overreach into the MD-pt relationship has resulted in shortages of pain medicine in post-surgical svcs. Open heart surgery&terminal cancer patients are being refused pain medicine. Honest pts are being abandoned&worse bc of addicts who will always find ways to use,abuse&die.
Start with the biopharm companies.
Increase our law enforcers to crack down on drug trafficking.
I couldn’t agree more. Public-private partnerships will be an important part of any toolbox used to address this national epidemic.
You are so dumb, how did you get this position!?

white people's version of crack cocaine epidemic. @KingJames @kobebryant should speak up & ask why now government spending now due to whites dying?
Testing LSD, AGAIN
Are you still here? 
So stop tweeting and do your job!
Your BOSS is getting closer to his due justice! And you should go with him for supporting his MANY PROVABLE LIES!!!!! Bye bye
Opioids don’t kill, people kill.
Whilst heroin has been and still is a problem along with other media-exciting opioids like fentanyl, thereal problem remains prescription opioids. The education question is how to balance pain control and risk of addiction, abuse and diversion.
@timbaxter2006, Rx for pain meds drop by ~50% since 2012 - OD deaths rise by ~800%. See any cause and effect? No, it's either synth fentanyl or polypharm use + alcohol that's killing. Syn fent is in pill form, cocaine, crystal meth & of course, heroin. Not Scripts! SMARTEN UP!
You know what? You can't THINK period....
You’re another piece of crap. That needs to be prosecuted and sent too prison. VANDI !!! VANDI !! VANDI !!
omg....look at the puke commie responses.


Go away, you pathetic creature!
True...so why hasn’t this administration do more than just talk and statues?
Really!!
What??? Currupt Clinton , they would only help if they can use you for your info . Rethink strategy Kelly.
Didn’t they have something to do in causing the crisis? Nema Arkansas! We know!!!
We don’t take you seriously - you know we think you’re a clown right?
It's truly incredible to me that obviously intelligent people want to argue that Donald Trump actually gives a shit about anybody but himself.
Your boss probably needs a few drugs right now. Please, go check on him to make sure he's OK.
She should be all about drugs. They provide the only means of believing in her b.s..

IS YOUR TONGUE FORKED LIKE A SNAKE?
YOU ARE ONE EVIL CREEPY MONSTER
The US caused this problem by directly making payment to hospitals tied to patient satisfaction. The influx of heroin is because demand. We got them addicted. Others are just meeting the demand the regulatory agencies have created. Not a simple problem to solve.
I can! The FBI going in to Cohen's office and doing the big fuck you!
In healthcare we are forced to keep people happy or hospitals are not given a favorable patient satisfaction score and reimbursement. Basically, if you're not happy, we don't get paid the same. Less money, less nurses. Do you want a nurse or your Dilaudid?
VERY old news and not applicable anymore. Gotta do better because people have become better informed by ATIP and aren't falling for junk like this anymore. The tide is returning to common sense. Thank goodness!

Because the war on drugs is not working and never has.  Time to go after the money that crosses out of the USA to Mexico. As far as the opioid crises we need to look how other countries are dealing with it!!
How about gun control???
I can. Getting rid of #deadweight anchors like you from the @WhiteHouse
But if the Dems truly cared, they wouldn't have ignored it all this time.
You do know you look like you are on meth.
And that is caused in great part by our open borders. #BuildTheDamnWall
Another nonpartisan issue that is a scourge on our society, is forcing out the mentally retarded from all the Intermediate Care Facilities throughout the US! They are being subjected to neglect, abuse, torture and death. They cannot speak out, or defend themselves. Please help!
It’s really quite simple. Cannabis. Marijuana has been around since 7000 BC, has killed ZERO people, is not addictive, and matches perfectly on a molecular level to every humans Endocannabinoid System. 

Uses: Pain relief, Anti-Inflamatory, Anti-Seizure, Insomnia, Migranes.. etc.
Hello Skeletor
Nov. Nov. Nov trump will be impeached! And away you go!
What's your drug of choice?
Why don't you just sic your flying monkeys on opioids? They could take care of that little problem while they're retrieving your dead sister's ruby slippers.
Drug addicts are the Democrats voting base.
Are you the leaker?
Kellyanne,  good for you for realizing some things needed both sides to correct the problem.
Not a border issue...its a big pharma issue.
I would like to dm u pls
I’m pretty sure Kelly Ann is wacko.
#KratomSavesLives
Just give them your famous advice to eat junk food.
Seems you are politisizing the #OpiodCrisis . Why make such useless statements? @WhiteHouse
When are you getting fired? You have been very quiet gor the past few months! Can’t believe you lasted this long... 
Can u Remind Cheeto that Marines died. Lower the damn flag and show respect
Your an opioidiot
Kellyanne, trusting a Clinton is not the way to take care of the drug demand/drug supply.  They are part of the problem.  The Clintons are evil/corrupt to the core.
Conway and Clinton.
What a bad combination.
Clinton's have been dealing drugs for decades
Ms. Conway, That is because you do NOT think!!! You lie like @realDonaldTrump . And keep pushing LIES as truth!!! Not even sure why you tweet? Or whom you wish to reach? Your Reputation is covered in DUNG!!!!
Kellyanne you are doing an awesome job keep up the great work and put this fake media bs in their place because they suck all they do is lie a lie about everything how forefathers would have put these people in their place but there's too many offended people today total joke
Your right Kellyanne.  You can see how the drugs have such a hold on the American people & their fear of their drug supply being cut off.  The addicts are so vulgar & full of hatred for they know protecting our borders is cutting off their drug supply. Build the wall & troops!
The bigger issue is there’s a need for healthcare to be majorly improved for the mentally ill so people stop self-medicating.
You are totally unqualified for this job #resign #impeachKellyAnne
Aren’t they the ones that opened the flood gates for these hypocrites.....
And the reason behind the opiate epidemic is to kill off a generation of people in this country all part of the new world order that these liberal disgrace Elite want to put in our country people need to wake up soon this was all started purposely for the reason I posted wake up
Just a thought the pharmaceutical Ind.
may be the best place to start. This isn't grown in basements, woods, or jungles. USA man made.
Here's what I think about this opiate epidemic it all started under Obama and it escalated to over 60,000 people now a year dying from overdose and yes I've had a couple family members and Friends die from opiate overdose it is horrendous and terrible
You are right but don't think for one moment that this collaborative shift of your stance isn't extremely fishy......It appears that you are already doing major PR to get ready to find a new job.
What's " roiling"?
A joint a day keeps the doctor away.
Legalize marijuana.
Plant a seed. Grow some weed.
Let it dry and get high.
Guns
Optics are not good
I really wish you would go away
Get our military out of Afghanistan if you want to stop the heroin from flooding the streets of Ameica.
What about helping #SingleMoms collect #ChildSupport & #Alimony across state lines? #UIFSA not being enforced, allowed to be totally ignored 

In meantime, forcing SingleMoms 2 pay for #Opoid abusing is overtaxing those who #OBEY laws

Reward good, not bad
What happened to “just eat the ice cream”?
LEGALIZE ALL DRUGS. HAVE CENTERS THEY CAN GO TO FOR TREATMENT AND HELP
You must be sharing the same shitter your boss has with all the nonsense  tweets
Fund & build the wall
How long has government declared a "War on Drugs" ??  Decades, so what's different now ??
Fantastic job getting this message out!!!
The government should be prosecuting bad doctors, not regulating how other doctors should treat their patients. Cutting off a chronic pain patient from prescribed medication from a dr with intimate knowledge of that patients medical issues will inevitably lead to a larger blk mkt
When you look South for the solution, the bi- goes “bye.”
Just leave it at “I can’t think” to preserve accuracy. #LyingGrifter #TrumpRussia #TheyAllFallDown
And what drugs do you take?
Then there administration should get someone who knows what they're doing.
I would love to be part of your team ! I'm sure loosing at least 10 family members to drugs and even more to alcohol,which is also a drug,Makes me Qulified Shoot me an e mail or message I'll be in Washington! Remember I also come from WV one on the first states to fight this evil
I understand the impulse, but joining forces with the Clinton’s is a really poor decision. 

They will laugh all the way to the bank like they did with the Haiti disaster.
How about DACA Dreamers who majority Amercans want them protected while fake corrupt @potus is willing to deport millions!  Heartless, no decency, no integrity! EVIL!
Zzzzzzzz. Boring and wrong. Living in your own little bubble perpetuates the belief that everybody agrees with you and your pals. Again - WRONG. Send them back!
Try adequately funding all public schools so teachers have ALL the tools needed to end the drug crisis in our country before it starts.  Help our kids for the love of all things holy.   School should incredibly expensive and absolutly free to all citizens, kind like nat-security
Start with big pharma.
You been sucking on the bleach bottle again 
The left won’t get on board if it means anything with protecting the borders to help with the opioid crisis
What has the administration you support done for the opioid crisis? Does ending Obamacare-funded Medicaid Expansion help? Cutting Medicaid help?
And nothing is being done about the many more people who die from tobacco, a US Government subsidized crop. Why are you not talking about that too? It kills more and affects the cost of health care for all of us.
All of a sudden..
Republicans are worried about US dope fiens. What next?
Wait. It’s somehow got to be Obama’s or HRC’s fault. I sure you’ll find a way to spin it that way. After all you are the Queen of
Nothing fair war on drugs would take you to the pharmacy  war on person would take you to disposable chattel slavery
Is that what happened to you? 
Your face reminds me of a person on meth 
Good stuff and good luck.
Ethics of cabinet, healthcare, divesting business ties while public servant, rational gun laws, support of public educ, keeping environment safe, protecting elections, respect for all no matter color, creed, socioeconomic status, gender, age. Humility, integrity, honesty, empathy
The fact that the WH sent you shows they aren't serious about doing anything.
Unfortunately, politics is making this more difficult. Big pharma are the primary pushers and they need to be held accountable. Will the GOP forgo their donor dollars?
I have never seen dummer person than u
Get him to admit we need the wall to help stop drugs from coming across the border!
Not exactly bipartisan to say at least 10billion+ wall is worth it to stop a couple hundred thousand border crossings when we already stop around 400 thousand a year. That’s 20k+ per immigrant, and the worst drugs are mostly not even from Mexico & SA
#BanKellyanne
Secure the border! #BuildTheWall
Can't believe a word you say.
Teamwork is what built #America and teamwork is what will strengthen it!  #TeamUSA 
STFU #MouthWhore
How about beginning by removing all donations to campaign funds by BIG PHARM MAKING POLITICIANS not beholden to pill pushers! Do it with anyone who wants a "FRIEND"in Washington.  Donations should only come from the American people not special interest!
You could have THE solution to end all the world's suffering, and the left would object to it because it wasn't their idea.
DJT has the 5D solution. Write a bill that includes all they demand, have them sign it, (although they may feel duped from the last one), (lol), and viola'.
Is that what you guys have still done nothing about it other than talk about it cut funding cut Healthcare cut Women's Healthcare cut mental health care you're such a phony Skelly scam con job
But y’all destroy other people lives on other drugs that aren’t even killing anyone nor has a crises or is called an epidemic.
Good on you for doing something in a bipartisan way. Country needs it more than at any point in recent history.
It’d be great if the @GOP would support Medicaid for all so people have the ability to fight their addiction.
Go away
@DPPRALLY2018 Elderly, Disabled Americans, Chronic Pain Patients with Intractable, Painful, Incurable Diseases suffered in agony bc this Administration has NOT concerned itself with us. WE are Sick! People are committing suicide bc of no meds & unable 2 live w. severe pain.
Are you still upset he screwed stormy before you?

Clinton and Obama part of heroin epidemic . They let drugs pass into America and called off Federal Agents !
What bit of blackmail do you have on @realDonaldTrump that keeps you employed?


