How did you come up with the title?
Was a tossup between that and ‘Never the Twain’
I was born two years later. Same year as the woman in me cd. And I'm one of your biggest fans from Australia I love you. I'm happy to be a twainiac forever.
And you’re still the one. What an amazing artist and human being you are. I’m so proud to call you my idol. See you on tour 
You are still so beautiful inside and out. Proud to call me a "fan of Shania Twain"
Congratulations @ShaniaTwain! Congratulations! Your music is the greatest blessing of life! Thanks with all my heart!

Shania,  You have had an amazing career singing! I hope that you have another 25 years left!! Your "NOW" tour with me a memory to save for ever.
The most iconic artist in the last 25 years is definitely you, Shania. You have given so many fans hope and courage. As much as you don’t prefer your debut, it gave you time to craft the artist you always wanted to be. It’s been a beautiful 25. Here’s to the next 25.  #Shania25
So beautiful
LEGENDS ONLY SWEETIE AND YES YOU ARE ONE
ICONIC LOVE YOU
Omg it's so sad looking through these comments
Congratulations Shania on your amazing career ! You are such a talented, loved Woman. Thank you for the amazing songs all these years.
WE LOVE YOU 
I love this album, I love each of the songs, shania is incredible

QUEEN 
the start of a legendary career 
Welp 25 years was a good run
25 years later you are about to go on a successful sell out world tour in support of your first album in 15 years that debuted at no.1 in America, Canada, the UK, Scotland, Australia.... Queen of country music
I’ve been a huge fan since day one! This ride keeps getting better!! 
Love that song and some of the less well known songs,any chance of doing 'What made you say that' on the 'now' tour 
Happy 25 years anniversary Shania. I absolutely love you with all of my heart. You are a beautiful singer. I absolutely love your music 
Girl you is cancelled
THANK YOU FOR ACKNOWLEDGING THIS ALBUM
@DylanrGreer
Very PROUD  to say..... I've been a fan for 25 AMAZING years!
I'm Keeping You Forever And For Always Shania!
That means today we celebrate our 25th anniversary! So proud of you. Thank you for all you’ve done for me! #theboyintheleopardprinthat @ShaniaTwain #ShaniaNOW #whatmadeyousaythat #dancewiththeonethatbroughtyou #crimeofthecentury
 #Lifechanger 
Omg yup.I remember when I dirst seen it I was like WoW this is to cool then I started to were half shirts lol 
What an honor it is to be called your fan Shania. Thank you so much for the music. May we continue to hear for 25 year more  #Shania25
Loved your work from the beginning !
this is when I decided you were already my fav .
I like this song
"What made you say that" , "Dance With The One That Brought You" and "God Ain't Gonna Get You For That" 3 of my favorites from the album
Good morning Shania
25 years later and still listening to it, what an album!!!

@maggiecomplains
oh dear oh dear
And now it’s over. Let it go.
@belllemoran wow one of my fave albums EVER !!!
Bought the album 2 days ago and put it on repeat driving 3000kms from St. John's NL to Richmond VA. Amazing album!!!! 
Only seems like yesterday! Love you Shania 
Her you win my love video is my favorite vid of hers cause she looked so hot in that outfit she had on , but this song i have in my head !
Have been a fan the whole time! Life is Good
I still love you after all this time!You're the best.
Wow!!! Happy 25th anniversary!!! My hubby and I got married 12 years ago last month and had ‘you’re still the one’ played as our first dance!!!
Have all your albums!!! Such a beautiful and talented lady you are!!! Keep up the amazing work xx
Still love this song 
Legend
 And You’re Still the One... Happy weekend!
what made ya say that! queen invented music videos with that one 
#ShaniaTwain25Years 
#ShaniaTwain 

I'm so happy to call you my favorite singer.
This song is one of my favorites
Happy #25YearsOfShaniaTwain!

Heard you gonna have to cancel that tour girl. Another bad decision in your sad story  #ByeShania
Career Over Man
Now that we know you like Trump (for honesty, really?), your ride is over for many of us. Sometimes it's best to keep these kinds of opinions to oneself. What were you thinking Shania? So disappointing.
#impeachtrump #BoycottShaniaTwain #noford
how's that fast train to hell feeling bout now? #Crackers4Trump
If it weren't for that Broad City episode I'd have forgotten about you forever about 20 years ago. Looking forward to not thinking about you for another 20 years, Trumpkin.
As a woman, it is so sad to hear you say you would have voted for trump. 19 + sexual assault cases pending, 3000 + lawsuits for cheating, cheated on all three wives, bye bye Shania #ImpeachTrump
The only one I finally choose ?!!!! I Look up to see her reaction, cuz m listenin' to my heart !!!!!
Love that vedeo & the place !!!!
Are you going to put your perfume back on the market?
Hi Shan - read your long list of fan comments -
You’ve gone through so much since then! Congrats on making it through sunshine and rain. 
Wow... I was 6, lol. My musical taste as a kid started with Sesame Street, then moved on to Sharon Lois and Bram and Fred Penner, then somehow jumped rather quickly to Shania Twain and never looked back, lol.
@DavidCruzTMM 
Still the best love me some Shania

Simply put SHANIA You're Still The One, as great as ever
I always LOVED THIS SONG! Still do
And it's only went Up! from there!
Tout un chemin !
Un chemin bien traçé !
Félicitations !
Some good songs and videos on there
Congratulations Shania !!! !!! !!!
It's been an awesome ride! Can't wait to see you again in Edmonton!!
Congratulations with your anniversary  thank you for your music 
Love this, I think this is a visual of what is happing  inside of my heart & how I feel.she has great style.
So so proud of you too  God Bless You
congratulations!
Iistening to your music now!  Congratulations.
My favorite song
Add this song to your tour setlist queen
By doing so you made the music world better  congrats queen #ShaniaTwain25
Love that album and the growing process between them and now. You’re amazing!
I’m so so excited to see you again in Belfast! It’s been a long 14 years since I seen you (my very first concert) and now I get to see you in the same arena!  I’ve been dreaming of another UK/Ireland tour ever since 
I was 5 years old and went to church singing your songs! 
you have been on an amazing ride that i for one am proud to call myself a life long fan. thank you for letting all of us on the journey with you
I’m the same age 
You’re a legend and I adore you 
TE AMOOOO
Spending the day listening to it! 
And your still awsome!
I sing to your greatest hits CD every day going to and from work. So much fun! Brings back great memories   I sang your music back in the day when I had my own band. Good times!
Awesome beautiful
Goddess
Absolutely AWESOME album! You had me from the first song on the radio!
Such a underrated album and god knows why i absolutely adore this album 
You suck.
Lost your fan base in the USA

And 25 years and 2 days later you got cancelled.
The ride is over gurl!
#shutup
Go away trump supporter

Too bad you’re still around.
You can f off.
You lost me as a fan today
 The ride is over ding-bat!
You mean that ride on the tour bus you just threw us under. Get lost with your Trump humping.
And if you were not a fan of a bigoted, misogynistic, lying president Trump, I’d buy one of your collections. I used to be a huge fan of yours. Now for moral reasons I cannot be any longer. So Bye.
Yikes
Congratulations Shania !!! I have loved and followed you throughout your entire career. Thank you so much for all you have given...

No longer a fan. Hearing you would vote for a bigot? SAD.
Country on the beach in the 90s! I love this aesthetic!
Your Still The One. Love you, Sincerely Dean XOXOX 
Very nice but do not forget your prayers tonight.
"So you're Brad Friedel, I'm mildly impressed".
i  love  this  song
Mamacita! Beautiful.
Been with you from the beginning x
Holy crap has it been that long already?.....
What joy you brought us. You still do... 
I might have been 5 years old when it was released but it is still one of my favorite songs ever and you are one of my idols. Love you @ShaniaTwain 
Still playing it in the car to this day! Love this album #WMYST #DWTOWBY
Still the wow
An amazing ride! Waiting to hear more great songs from you soon! 
@shaniaTwain QUEEN
She has always been my favorite female Country artist...... you keep shining bright Shania
I got it - you're absolutely right!
This is crazy!!! So excited to see you in Tampa!!!
Love that song! Can't recall when, where or how first heard it. Rest of album good too. It WAS country'er 
Thank you for such a wonderful ride
I love the catchy sound great song love it
Holy shit now I feel old!!  I remember buying that cd!! Much love!!!
#Shaniatwain
One of my favs!
I remember when this album came out.. Its was the beginning of a Beautiful artist and career. Thank you for being you @ShaniaTwain
And u still look like u did 25 years ago. From a Northern Ontario boy
I remember that song. I was going on 15 at that time. Wow, the the time has definitely flown by..
I remember when this first came out. The only thing it's missing is the CMT logo on the bottom right, lol 
@MissSarahTweedy babe how crazy that I still listen to this like everyday 
I am 25 years old and I have been listening to you from I was a baby! You were my first music love and still are to this day! Ever album I’ve got every song I know the words and I am finally seeing you live in September  dreams really come true!!!
this album raised me
THE BEST SONG IS GOD AINT GONNA GETCHA FOR THAT
Continued blessings
Love you girl. We are close in age. My husband had an affair on me too. He was a cruel narcissist and I was just as crushed as you. It’s taken me 8 years to rebuild my heart. I haven’t found a new love yet, but I am very happy for you. You give me hope 
I  this song!!!!
That don’t impress me much 
Always loved this CD as a kid. God Ain't Gonna Getcha for That was my favourite, even before I knew it was the only one you had written on the album. Also love Crime of the Century, Got a Hold On Me, Forget Me, Still Under the Weather, and What Made You Say That.
INVENTED MUSIC I’ve literally loved you for 2 decades mama
25years so 4 years before I was born and yet I still know all of your songs  Happy 25th anniversary of great music @ShaniaTwain you're incredible 
This was about 3 years before I was even born  See you in September 
so proud of you!
I just recently broke the news to a friend of being diagnosed with a tumour. But you know what? Tumour been darned .... I can't wait to see you live next month :D
Shania, you rock!
This is where I started to the day to be your fan!! What made you say that and the rest of the album sold me! I bought this album day one!!!
for me her voice was turn on.
Love that vedeo & the song so much, but time flies, so don't worry "You're Still The One I Run To" May God Bless Your Heart Some More, Shania Twain !!!!!!
I want to congratulate all of us with the debut album, we recognized you, and you got our love for you, it's super cool ..
O wow 25 yrs. congratulations I’ve loved every year
Hottest female ever
It's still good too. Listen to it a lot.
Your still the best, dear. 
Shush, little miss! Your statement only made me realize just how old I truly am.  Yourmusicis my #FountainOfYouth! 
Still lking good! See you Mother’s Day in Winnipeg 
Omg your aging us now! Can’t believe it’s been that long.

I was 13 years old when I discovered you. I became obsessed with your music. You were the reason I started listening to country music. In the early 90’s I came home immediately after school, I turned on CMT & waited till you came on my screen. Thanks for all the good music! 
What a jewel of an album! Such a shame that it was so underrated. Thank you for fighting for your dreams and make ours come true!
Here's yo hanging tought when no one else believed in you :*
I have enjoyed the ride alongside you
What Made You Say That
And thanks for making me feel old
We fans have enjoyed every minute of it!
morning baby we've heard from(xxoo) the Premier Saskatchewan on the Bronco's accident, otherwise, you have a nice day we'll be calling you Matta Harrie next now working with the military as well, cudles or should I say Lady Bond!
@amyblythin when was Shania this country and what on Earth I this song?
It’s called what made you say that. I’ve never heard it either but it’s now added to my playlist 
And then ‘The Women In Me’ happened.  ICON. Best album ever.
Still one of my favorite albums! “There goes the neighborhood” “God aunt gonna get you for that” “Dance with the one that brought you”. All soooo good!!
...and on that ride, brave girl...no matter what detours & road blocks that got slammed in your way, it was all done with impeccable class & grace.  And here you are!  Bravo! And thank you...
What made you say that!
Earliest fans, celebrate  "25" Smoking  hot years of Shania Twain the fire  cracker, her  had just a little bit of  to SILVER & she turned to  &   her way to platinum in a minute cause she's glad too;)
And you don t look a year older..... 
Going to see you in StLouis June 13. Taking my 18 yr old granddaughter (Kenna)who has absolutely loved you since she was 3. She knows every word to every song. She would do your whole routine, including knowing when to kick her leg up!! Is there a meet and greet b4 the concert?
omg you share a 25th anniversary with @backstreetboys 
25 years??? You look even younger now!! Are you human hahahaha my girlfriend and I love you so can we get a hi back if you have time please xx
Cannot believe it’s been with me since forever!
@_jakemart where is the guy in the video now?! I must see what he looks like now!
Probably DILFy af!!
Oh 100%
Still listen to it daily 
Please please please include this in your set list.
