BOYCOTT THIS PIG
I voted for @realDonaldTrump President Trump and glad I did and will do it again. Thank you for your honesty. You can see how it is here now, so much HATE from the left, just full of hate.  Not like your songs or prayers.  VERY BEAUTIFUL, I love your concerts. Will go again now!!
Do not apologize!!!!! Ignore ignorant people.
Love the last kick, lol !!!!
Cool. Guess I am going to be having a one on one concert with @ShaniaTwain because according to this thread I am the only one going.
@ShaniaTwain this concert inspired all my hair looks of the early 2000s @KatInHD
Shania trying to get her career back on track
Holy Hottness 
Whoop, whoop YES!!!  i love your Classics so this is FANTASTIC
You are the best @ShaniaTwain
#GoAway
Bye bye
Lost all respect for you. You can’t stand by your original statement. What a shame.
Idiot.
Won’t be buying the album or tickets. Neither will the leftists you’re licking up to.
Mi preciosa Shania.
Classic, never grows old
Can’t wait to see u in oz this December 
Don’t bring anything back. You are nothing but wish-washy. No spine and in my opinion a coward of your original convictions.
"Don't Be Stupid". LOL. That boat has already sailed for you, Shania.
yup..sing that one to yourself in the tub tonite..
So Awesome. 
Great to have you back again!
What a performance
Dont expect many full arenas. Hope you have a no refunds policy or you may be alone in there.

Given that you caved to feminazi pressure and backtracked what you said, I will not be buying tickets to see you in concert @ShaniaTwain. Just who do you think listens to pop country?  One hint, it ain’t liberals...
I’m a liberal going to see Shania Twain and I didn’t like what she said and was more upset she backpedaled. She’s not very articulate but that’s why she’s a better performer
Thank you for being honest and forthright. Both sides of the aisle could do well to follow your lead.
I’m doing my pet ;-) #turnTexasBlue #BetoforTexas
Sorry but after you issued an apology for something you didn’t need to apologize for I am no longer a fan
Nope
Nope, will not buy music from a trumpet.
Don't be stupid child. 69 million potential fans to the dust bin.  I thought, finally a woman performer who can think.  WRONG!

Wish you’d tour England.. grew up listening to you, have all your old albums at my dads!
Classics like the KKK?  Saying you would have voted for the man who called neo-Nazis good people is enough for me.  Enough to make me not purchase your records and to change the station or lower the volume when your white supremacist songs are playing.
KKK we're all Democrats.  Republicans freed the slaves. You've been lied to your entire life.
You realize that during the Civil Rights movement the parties shifted bases.  Of course you don't.  The Republicans (largely southern) shifted to the Democratic Party.  There was a similar exodus from Dem to GOP.  Read a book.
That is the big lie Democrats keep trying to sell. 

Question: Which party thinks blacks don't have the mental, physical or monetary  capacity to get a voter ID?  

The racist Dems. There was no party shift. Dems were, and have always been the racists.
I haven't applied for a new job in years, but I thought the only thing mandated was a SSN so the gov can collect taxes. (Other validation methods for those who have not received citizenship and don't have a SSN). Other requirements are likely state or business policies.
They not only need your SSN, but a physical copy of the card.  Which is harder to get than an ID, if you lose it.  Any competent employer would want to know the card is really YOURS, so the only way to confirm that, would be a PHOTO ID. Why is this such a hard concept? #adulting
I have photo IDs that are not driver's licenses.   Why is that concept so hard?  You know what...don't answer.  Done.
Shania tells the truth and people come unglued. I don't think liberals were the demographic for her music anyway! Keep doing what you do @ShaniaTwain You have the right to say how you feel! #MAGA
you are right about the demographics! Her music is way too contrived to attract the widest base.  The only people I ever knew who liked it where 9 to 12 year old girls.  Gives you a sense of what her fans IQ's are.
Don't Be Stupid (You Know I Love You)....
Shania Twain,  LMFAO SO LOUD
I could not agree more, you are very stupid. #liberalsAreStupid
You just alienated over half of your fan base. 
Yes, it’s just that deep.
Sometimes it is best to keep your opinion to yourself Shania! You have alienated a huge part of your fans and for what?!
Umm, people are allowed to have differing opinions/kinda how all this works...the hatred she's getting is telling
Yes you are right and I am allowed to disagree with people's opinion especially when they are based on nonsense!
Unfollowed on all platforms. You may be uneducated enough to find trumps "truthfullness" refreshing&inspirational, the rest of us find it racist, sexist, homophobic, corrupt&pure evil. I'm ashamed to call you Canadian & a woman. You're a shame to the Canadian education system.
I ditched that 'performer' when her schtick was showing everyone her shania from the stage at concerts where children were present. Took a lot of heat from family in Alberta for it but stuck to my opinion. My instincts were right. She's an amoral Trumpian.
Never heard about that.  I have to admit I had bought into everything hook, line and sinker!  Kinda have a new perspective on her cheated on, voice problem, lime problem issues.
Lyme not lime.  Sheesh!
Thanks for the kind correction.  Consider me duly chastised!  Have a perfect week ahead.
And in this comment section we see the "tolerant" left supporting people with different opinions.....  Oh wait XD
More like not suffering fools gladly.
Outrage mobs are so 2015, thanks for pushing people to the right :)
Effective ticket sales strategy tho.
This is what I'm saying, all you people do with your little mobs is a) look like angry dorks b) push people to the other side. Just because people have different opinions, doesn't mean we should all hang up on them. This is driving us ALL apart. It's not cool.
"all you people", "little mobs",  "angry dorks" sayeth the great peacemaker.
Just because I don't approve of your behaviour doesn't mean I don't love you all, peace making is in every Canadians blood, trust the process.
Sure, but you guys didn't just vote Don Cherry for PM.
*When all your new music is trash so you gotta dig in the closet and look for 20 year old hits. #TrumpWhisperer
She's got new boobs. Got to show them off. 
(Last comment wasn't really necessary, though. She's probably better off without a husband that messes with her best friend)
Won’t be supporting u! I have 2 if ur cds from the good ole days but now I’m done! Good luck w/that tour...that’s not even close 2 being sold out. Ur not very bright!
R u resisting the tax cuts, nuclear-free NK, draining the swamp, thriving economy. Who's not very bright? Get yourself a good husband
Leftists do not believe everyone has a right to their own opinion. It is wonderful to those on the left when a celebrity bashes our President, but when one supports our President the hypocrites come out in force. This is one of many reasons why I will never vote democrat again.
Exactly how I feel about your "side".  See the problem.  I mean I can see how well the right does with our different opinion on guns.
I don't go to a celebrities page when they say they supported Hillary and attack them. I agree, it is a problem when people do that. The Second Amendment is a constitutional right. So is the First Amendment. People have a right to their opinion, others should respect that.
you might not but most conservatives do
and shania twain isn’t american
So she is not a person worthy of opinion or respect? She wasn't disrespectful.
i didn’t say she was disrespectful. you mentioned the first amendment and i’m saying it doesn’t even apply to her because she’s not american.
10 more dayyyys @TootsieTiera17
The name of the song is incredibly ironic.
Eh...endorsing a serial lier cuz he is "honest" is....
You are so cute and adorable!
I miss those days.
Beautiful shania
Trumpkin
Please stick to the Red States- #kthnxbye #shaniawho #ShaniaTwainCancelled #shaniaYourFired
You might as well leave the classics home. In fact you may as well stay home , after offending 7/8 of your fan base, by coming out claiming our President discriminates. How about the fist female black General? How many does Canada have?
You've still got it brilliant x
@StephanieLam30
aaah....her remark about Trump was a publicity stunt? Intended to bring her name back in the news? Well your name is back in the news, and you've lost a bunch of fans.
Your song is a contradiction of you.
Hey I got an idea...@ShaniaTwain for your future endeavors!Soo many options A. Learn to be an alcoholic jobless old wh*re from @chelseahandler B. save democracy with box office poison #JenniferLawrence or C. learn to paint by numbers with @JimCarrey & @Rosie!
she forgot who her fan base WAS!
Some classics there!! I remember first listening to you when I found out you had a house in st regis falls, i think thats it anyway lol
I love you Shania Twain
You don’t look a day past 30
With your healthcare and progressive leadership, I was starting to envy Canada.  But Shania is reminding us that Canada also has its fair share of idiots!  #ThanksShania
Will you come back to the US Open tennis tournament?

How fitting -- Don't Be Stupid!  Are you going to tell Germans that you would have voted for Hitler, too?!  #BoycottShaniaTwain
"Don't Be Stupid" and a few hours later she does just that. LoL SMH
Do not bow to the screamimg leftists who are only taunting you to break you.  Ignore them.
You look incredible as always
How's alienating your entire Canadian fanbase? Is that thrilling?
Nope...lost me
Can’t wait. Don’t let the idiots get you down.
Yeah- "don't be stupid" and say you'd vote for @realDonaldTrump Bad move on your part. I used to like your performances...
I came here to say, since you apologized for saying that you vote for Trump, I'm apologizing for you, Canada Queen. Good riddence. BLOCKED 
Are you serious ? Trump as an honest person ? He lies all the time! I could start listing them if you want.
He claims millions of people voted illegally. He claims @tedcruz father was involved with killing JFK.
I know you don't care about my opinion, but as a female, u were once married to a man Muff,  cheated on u & it hurt.  Trump is that man in our country. Respect America, our environment, people's welfare, not a corrupt POTUS. Read about EPA, Healthcare, Interior Dept, seriously??
You are entitled to your opinion...but Shania Twain is a Canadian and not a political commentator....in my opinion you are more interested in dragging her into a mess than being a good fan !!!!
Her opinion about Trump. Your opinion about her.  We all agree good. Btw, Jim Carrey is Canadian,  have you seen his drawings lately?
His drawings are great. He was granted US Citizenship in 2004. Which means he's protected by the 1st Amendment. Which also means he's has 'freedom of speech' and 'freedom of expression'.
Twain isn't a citizen of USA?
WHY ARE YOU A TRUMP SUPPORTER 
REALLY!!!???????
WTF!!!?????
Why do people think you're the result of inbreeding?
Hey Asshole, her opinion does matter because she supports a racist asshole, who's our president! I'm so blocking your dumbass. Eat shit! 
I am embarassed you are Canadian. Try reading a newspaper or watching the news (and not Fox) once in a while. Do you even care about what Trump is doing to the environment or how he spews hate? There is no excuse for your blatant ignorance. From a fellow Canadian.
YAAASSS...keying in on that MAGA shit. Let’s make ‘Merika white again! Looking at the demographics, I’m guessing you felt the need to get on the #MAGAt train for sales purposes.
Can’t wait!! See you in Phoenix in July! 
Stop living in the past grandma. You look like a catwoman now
 Youre a nobody
 Love faith hill

hard pass.
Coward
#TEAMCELINE YOURE OFFICIALLY CANCELLED BITCH
Literally burning all your TAPES I had of your music. Those are old ass tapes cause I was an OG fan. NOT ANYMORE, GIRL BYEEEEEEEE!
@JeeremyNelson if she doesn’t play this song when we see her I will cry.
Right!!!
Too late Shania, you've just shown yourself to be quite stupid
No thanks 
So glad you back on stage. ...vicki love u

You really caved on that one.  Much like your song, "That don't impress me much." Goodbye.
I wouldn't buy a ticket or single damn other thing from you. Hell, I wouldn't take it for free. The vast majority of Americans (and others) are watching. And taking this VERY seriously, incl those who make comments like yours. Say goodbye to your American audience, and then some.
This reminds me of back when I thought these songs were stupid
I love the album 'Come On Over'.
Nostalgic and it is great album!!
Classic racism? Classic homophobia? Classic xenophobia? Classic sexism? Classic bigotry of all kinds? CLASSIC TRUMPISM IS WHAT YOU SUPPORTED
Your fans love you to death and we're all anxious to see it be safe and keep your heart smiling

Unfortunately, no, I will not be attending any of your concerts or purchasing any of your products.
Her you win my love vid is my fav
My fav look of Shania Twain
Her you win my love vid is my fav
Her you win my love video is my fav of hers

I’ve always thought Shania Twain was vapid. 

Her quote on why she would have voted for Trump pretty much nails that case shut. 

Nah.
#shutup
you are the best
Trump lover BYEEE
Shania Twain - Don't Be Stupid

Fitting song for a Trumpateer!
Here the new album sucks, and electronicly enhanced
Your support of a bigoted narcissist makes me sad.
Don't be stupid, don't vote Democrat!
And you just appeared on @RuPaulsDragRace this week!
Nope.
You are really pathetic. Is this the honesty you love about trump? #SexualPredator enabler #TrumpColluded #TreasonousTrump #goldenshowers
Where’d you get this made up bunch of crap??
NOT proud. 

but I know where you come from, and am not totally surprised. 

You can take the girl outta the...but you can’t take the trash outta the girl.

bye
Umm Harriet...no one cares about ur tweet & im glad u blocked me Shania screwed up not me  Again doesn’t matter the # of followers just takes 1 retweet babes to start a firehttps://twitter.com/microsuperfan/status/988198651389468673?s=21 …
Supporting President Trump is a good way to clean your followers list from garbage 
Tell us what he was honest about... #ShaniaTwainIsOverParty #ShaniaTwainCancelled
What the f*ck are you thinking?  And, not content to just think it, why let the world know you are this stupid?
Right back at you!

O
Ironic that "Don't Be Stupid" is the caption on that video.
Your music sucks as much as your political affiliation. No one wants to listen to an old washed up musician performing her shit songs from 20 years ago.
Another Nazi liberal trying to take another's right to express their opinions. You f'ers are dangerous.
So many SJW’s throwing tired labels here

To Shania Twain. Your opinion is your own. These peoples opinions are there own. Never be ashamed for your opinion, because they will never return the courtesy. Stick to what you believe in, that’s what my mom taught me, and she loves you
You insult First Nations Canadians.
Thanks for your comment supporting Trump! A lot of stars are afraid of speaking up!
Bye Bet!

Wow Bet!!! Why would you use pictures of your family members?

Mature Trumpanzee so predictable

I consider you an honorary American. 
ANTISEMITE
What a shame Shania.  Dissapointing.
O

Wait, I get it now. This is all a marketing stunt because one of your marketing people probably realized it’s mostly Trump supporters who listen to your music. This makes perfect sense. It’s all business probably.
Well, there goes any tickets sales you were going to get before the article came out! Say bye, bye ticket sales! 
Shame on you Shania- can't believe that you are 
Sad Shania very Sad indeed #ShaniaTwainIsOverParty

Wow!!! I guess I'm done with another Trump supporter....

Lets let Kellyanne Conway tell about Donald Trumps honesty. 

Or maybe ask her husband George 
i now have to destroy all songs i have from you and block your webpages. to say you would have voted for that sack of shit, uhggggg i just cant even stand you right now.
Dont Be Stupid - get your refund on Shania tickets
No you won't. I've never been a fan of your music and now that you're opening your mouth about Trump, I am so thankful I've never wasted my money on your "music". What a joke.
Screw off then.
and you're done pariah.  you can vote for trump all day.  and i can spend my dollars and not vote on you :)
You actually believe DJT is honest? You realize his policies are bad for women, the environment, animals, decency, all that is holy. He lies, rapes and pillages but you 'THINK HE SEEMS HONEST' - lost all respect.
What a bunch of friggin trolls!! Go find someone else to pick on
I still have the DVD
stay out of America, Trump sucks.
Seriously,  what a truly dumb thing to say. Really?
here comes the left's intolerance.....always comical to watch
Life is about to get good, when she comes to your Town
YOU DON’T EVEN GO HERE! #ShaniaTwainCancelled

You were one of my idols growing up. Very disappointed to find out you support Trump. Someone against the LGBTQ+ community.

So relieved you’re not an American citizen and able to cast votes here.
As a Canadian, we don’t want her either.
Not a fan anymore, you support a racist
Good thing you can sing, cause you sure as hell don’t have a brain.
You’d vote for Trump because he was “ transparent” and didn’t “bulls***?” Trump’s brain is so empty it’s transparent all right but he’s the biggest bullsh**er there is.
I love you so much 
I wish I could meet you one day!
Keep on shining  
I don't support Trump at all. But why is America "the land of the free" until you share a different opinion? She would be voted Trump. Cool. Who cares? It doesn't matter. You people who are hoping for her failure over a different political opinion are pathetic.
Shania, do some research b4 you throw away your career.
How ironic and amusing that you would post a clip from a song titled "Don't be Stupid" on the same day an article shows you would have voted for and supported trump.

Hey @ShaniaTwain, maybe read the name of that song over and over again and really think about it.

