Please: NowTour.
1. MIFLAW. 
2. "You Can't Buy Love"
3. Home Now.
4. Swingin` with my eyes closed. 
5. Up. 
6. No one needs to know. 
7. Any man of mine. 
8. Life`s about to get good. 
9. Honey, im home.
10. That dont impress me much.
Ballad section.
11. From this moment on. 
12. Because of you. 
13. Soldier. 
14. You`re still the one.
Lets party again.
15. Roll me on the river. 
16. All In All. 
17. Im Alright. 
18. Ka-ching.
19. Im gonna getcha good.
I Won't Leave You Lonely 
My Fav Always ! 
Thanks for your Music! 
m2m2 "thank you, baby for your love" by @shaniatwain  !!!!
FOREVER AND FOR ALWAYS. And Nah! please. SOMETHING FROM UP! Omg I’ll sell my soul to you.
surprise us, Queen. make us SHOOK.
What about “When he comes back home to Me”
Will your tour come to North Carolina!?
You can't forget to include #Dont! and #Soldier when you sing here in Brazil! #TheWomanInMe and #ForeverAndForAlways too! Can barely contain my excitement and anxiety, to see you live in Barretos! August, come soon!
#ShaniaNOW
#StillTheOne
It only hurts when i breath and nah and all d songs in NOW album
I can't wait it! My gosh! 
I see you in Las Vegas! 
Hugs from Argentina!
Sweet dreams @ShaniaTwain !
I wish I could go on tour with you.  Did you watch Oprah's 60 minutes on Childhood Trauma?
I’m a singer songwriter in VA & a huge fan.  If you have trouble sleeping, just read my bio on my website......... Guaranteed to put U to sleep! .  http://michaellemonmusic.com  #justsayin
GIVE US BOPS FROM UP LIKE JUANITA 
I’m fairly certain it’ll have all your biggest hits BUT here are some lesser known tracks to consider: You Win My Love, I Wont Leave You Lonely, and Thank You Baby!
Nooo!
#no one needs to know  one of my faves! Amongst every other single song you’ve released !!
Pace yourself. You’re going to wow them!
Nah! Yeah!  x
included!!!!
C'mon Over
Sleep tight & good night  to Shania Twain only, lol !!!
Ready to hear these @SmoothieKingCtr in New Orleans in June!
Forever and for always 
Any man of mine is a must and whos bed have your boots been under, and you're still the one
alongside the new Now music, would love to hear different songs like "C'est La Vie" "Ain't no Particular Way" "Raining on our Love" ...and a hint of any Carpenter song would be sweet! (I know, wishful )
Hey Shania. .. do you know where Wyevale is????
I’m Just so glad Shania is BAAAAAACCCCCKKKKK! You GO, Girl! Michigan
In my wedding "Thank You baby" was played... Perfect! I'd Luv listen It again... Hearing your voice, seeing you performing os stage on Brazil, after 22 years waiting for that. Hahaha... amazing! Wonderful! I can't believe yet! Thank you, dear ;)
PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD ADD FOREVER AND FOR ALWAYS
WE’RE BEGGING NOW
Bling!!!!!  You need Blinged (mic, mic stand, guitar, shoes....) I will do it !!!!
Looking forward to seeing you (for the 6th time I think it is) in Vancouver in May 
Whatever You Do! Don’t! I love that song and I’ve never heard or seen you sing it live.  Should’ve been a single!!  But, you have to do I’m Alright off the new album

I'm gonna be so happy if you put The Woman In Me and All In All on your setlist you have no idea.
All your weeps wet my tender heart !!!!
Must haves....red wine
See you in Belfast 
And  or you could end up like poor @TheTimMcGraw in Dublin last night a
@C2CDublin.... don't make rookie mistakes 
Please rest....be at peace within yourself....we love who you Are...what you
Have done....You have brought great joy to so many...know that...we await you...again...with hearts open to the pleasure you bring....LETS GO EVERYBODY !!!!!
honey I'm home and I had a hard day, pour me a cold one - and oh by the way..........Can't wait !!!!!!!!
I would love to hear all of the Now album. I would also love to hear a variety of classics, one in particular, I want to hear Dont live!!!
Sleep good idea, shame(xxoo)about Tim McGraw being exhausted (likelyhood increases with age) now about this lucky girl who meets this great guy with his heart now being your shelter, his arms (get back to me on this baby) your home, cudles!
Looking forward to it! I’d love to hear Don’t, You’ve got A Way and Forever and For Always in addition to all the hits new and old! *And I’m hoping you’re back to brown hair!*

A traveling spray tan person, lol
Can't wait for the tour @ArenaBirmingham
i cant wait shania im so excited  xxx
HE HAVE ONE  ELVIS AND WE HAVE ONE SHANIA TWAIN 
I've wanted to go to one of your concert my whole life and finally got tickets for Hamilton! Any concert tips?
Know what else you need?  A great new up and comer as a show opener like @Jordan_Rager!  #OneoftheGoodOnes
Don't forget chocolate 
Losing an hour for Daylight Savings Time doesn't help. Imagine having to go to work in the morning.
Sleep, chocolate, comfy blankets, more sleep, more chocolate  See you in September 
It Only Hurts When I'm Breathing 
Most importantly ‘WHEN YOU KISS ME’
Great start!!! 
Who are you please ? You don't impress me  much !!!! Can't you say she's more than a star she's the universe !!!!!!
This is my desire: Juanita, I'm Jealous, Roll Me on the River, All in All.
And a tour date for Greece
Tru dat yo.
Recommended by me: Maca for all women
Exciting which songs you’ll choose  #ShaniaNOW Tour  
Hopefully you’re asleep by now - It’s important to get your sleep, go sleep  
Man! I feel like a woman, that don’t impress me much and from this moment on the set list
I miss my own queen !!!!!
Don’t forget Ka-Ching!
WHEN YOU KISS ME 
I Won't Leave You Lonely!!!!!! 
Will you come to Chile?
Nice 
I cannot wait until May..... LET'S GO GIRLS!
Argentina loves her!
Please, you play "Light Of My Life", "You Can't Buy Love", "Soldier" and more much "Now" songs!
Dear @ShaniaTwain : Come to Argentina, please...
I can not wait to see you in Des Moines, Iowa
See you June 1st in FL for my daughters bday! So excited
Detroit concert can't get here fast enough!
surely No One Needs To Know, Man, I feel like a woman, and That don’t impress me much
Supper with me and the wife when you come to Louisville!
I’m surprising my mom on MY birthday with two tix for PHX! 
We love you and you’ve been the soundtrack to the start of my whole life! Beyond ecstatic!
#FullCircle #ShaniaNOW
Me at your concert. Please 
'm  here watching twitter & this awsome sunshine, I love being under sunshine !!!!! 
Any man of mine 
See you in DC Summer 2018
Because of you. Life’s about to get good.
I think sleep should be at the top of the list. 
@paulads59
Queen!!!  Please perform "Don't", "Honey, I'm home", "You win my love"... 
Omg I bought my ticket  and iam ready #ShaniaNOW # #
Can't wait!
Can you sing The Woman In Me? I’ll be happy to play guitar for you!
Nah! 
All my grails buried deep in the ground,
All that we fought for, all places we've grown
All of us are done for. I'm marrying a beautiful
girlfriend (We were always lovers).

Marry me, marry Scotty, I ain't got no family tree.

#carrymychildinyourwombNOW
Most definitely need your beauty sleep.
Must have a back stage meet & greet - with ME! 
I need a selfie! Please 
Light of my life
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, Nah!!! I beg of you
Adoro quando o twitter tira a sincronicidade das coisas..kkkkk
A trip to West Palm Beach, FL
I’m counting down the months til I see you in Florida!!! I can’t wait 
Dayton Ohio
Yes sleep is most important. Love you and everything about you @ShaniaTwain
I sleep with weighted blankets.  I have struggled with insomnia for decades
I can think of another Shania lol.
BLUE VERSION OF YOU WIN MY LOVE  SKSKSKSKKSK
IF YOURE NOT IN IT FOR LOVE (IM OUTTA HERE) PLEASE QUEEN
Forever & For Always and Nah! pleeeease 
I’m not in the mood (to say no) 
OR any man of mine 
Running around like a scwerl all night then!on the 
Cant waitttt to see you
But most importantly, you must have Kayley and her boyfriend @Cab0130 on stage with you in New Orleans! 
Can I get a free ticket!?
Forever and for Always and The Woman in Me and I’ll be crying for the rest of my life 
No One Needs To Know
Haha Shania you need to sleep you need rest. And please please sing because of you and I'm alright.
Hey @ShaniaTwain  Do you have your Australian tour band sorted? Keyboardist and/or backing singer right here   Full vid and message here: https://youtu.be/IZNwdrfL0V0 
Can't wait to see you in Melbourne Australia please sing your OLD SONGS TOO MY BABY GIRLS AND I LOOOVE WHO BED HAVE YOUR BOOTS BEEN UNDER AND SO MANY MORE 

Haha. The one thing tour chefs NEVER get !
When are you starting and which country first?I will be in Vancouver  soooo ANXIOUS to see you again
Keep “You Win My Love” or else I’m outta here!!!   and All in All 
Ketchup chips? 
Hahaha that's a must!!... By the way don't forget Light of my life and when you Kiss me!!
You dont need much beauty sleep because you are a beauty.
This will be me when I hear you sing “Roll Me On The River”!!!!! #shanianow #shaniatwain #nowtour
Liked
And clothes 
I love you I am Iranian best music and lionel
Must have me to sing a song with you? #Omaze 
Can't wait to see ya in Philadelphia follow me
 yeah...you're right!! 
I'll be happy with all the songs you choose 
It's 1 am here in Italy...so... Buonanotte Shania 
Put all of your songs in your list, we'll happily stay all night! And if you need a local tour guide in Adelaide in Dec..... look no further 
'Rock This Country' is an absolute anthem
Dear Shania, 
You are going to crush it!!
Please include “When You Kiss Me”.
I love so much 
AND WATER
Most important: come to Brazil. (Not only são Paulo) I would love to see u. Wish u best and love u 
Take me.... Hehehe.
Right now it's doubtful my wife and I will be able to see you unless somebody can get me 2 tickets in the handicap section hint hint but I am hoping for a miracle love you
I Forever and Always love my favorite country singer @ShaniaTwain she is a Legend
More Up! songs would be appreciated.
I saw your Up! Tour kick-off in Hamilton in 2003, but I was only 11, and would love to witness Up!'s magic again.
Stay rested and healthy !  See you June 2nd.
Hey
Bikini's and sunscreen for #Australia :)
Hi Shania! 
Can you please play Forever and For Always?!? It was missing from your last farewell tour 
You will do well, you will have fun.
And kaching xo
The Woman In Me (Needs The Man In You), Poor Me, From This Moment On, Ka-Ching, That Don't Impress Me Much, Up.
Sing "your the one that I want" please
We are very anxious about your coming to Brazil, I can not wait for this day. #ShaniaNOW @ShaniaTwain
WE NEED YOUVE GOT A WAY/WOMAN IN ME 
And your labs! Please take your labs with you. 

I’m also volunteering to walk them everyday!  #labNOW
MOST IMPORTANTLY YOUVE GOT A WAY.
Light Of My Life? Please??!!??
Prioridades, moça kkkkkkk dormir é fundamental

More songs OF your other albums
What made you say that plz
Put "Don't" on the setlist 
Did you set your clocks ahead Shania
I'm looking forward to your tour in Brazil, come soon our queen
And please sing Nah! #ShaniaNOW
Just don’t sing I Ain’t No Quitter!
fun fact: me @shaniaxtwain and @lisaberndle all met on here bonding over our love for you and now we’re sitting front row together at your concert in DC
Ill be in DC too 
FOREVER AND FOR ALWAYS
Oh okay Shania Twain
I have no idea how you'll be able to decide, you have sooooo many amazing songs. I'd love to hear Nah!
SO excited go see you in June- You’ll forever and for always be my favourite 
Please sing I’m Alright! 
It’s gonna be an amazing tour, I’m so excited!
Can you please post us a little preview of your tour preparations/rehearsals? I’ll take anything at this point! 
I love you 
IM SO EXCITED FOR THE SETLIST I CANT WAIT TO ROCK MY SOCKS OFF
And Party For Two
That’s the toughest one to get 
You’re still the one!
 yes sleep and a healthy diet 
You better get a lot of sleep now, as it may be in short supply during your tour!
Super excited for the tour 
Soon you will be #HomeNow
Do you happen to know if you’ll sing Forever and For Always or When You Kiss Me?! Can’t wait to see you in Boston @tdgarden!
Hopefully your rider will be full of treats so you can kick back and relax after each show? 
Are you saying she should pull up a seat and take a load off her feet?
Yes
Queen of sleep
SAY NO TO BARRETOS AND YES TO SAO PAULO
Will u please sing All in All?! #bonustrack #fanswantin  
Great song. With so many truly beautiful songs which ones make the cut? I would like Soldier, Home Now, Let's Kiss & Make Up along with the obvious two from #ShaniaNow
pleaaaaase do let’s kiss and make up omfg
Hi Shania!!!
Hope you bring more concerts to Brazil 
PLEASE PERFORM WHEN YOU KISS ME AND THANK YOU BABY
YES THANK YOU WIG
Barretos não bicho
PLEASE PUT FOREVER AND FOR ALWAYS ON THE SET LIST QUEEN
LOVE YOU
