I can't wait it! Dance, dance! 

Yeah Karen! @sanjuan2023 heating up!

I CANT WAIT TO SEE U IN BRAZIL 
me leva
vamos
sonhei
fechou te levo no bolso
I'm anxious for this tour, with only 6 days left, it's going to be incredible Let's go Girl #ShaniaNOW
Those hunky guys putting the color in your face again @ShaniaTwain !?  I remember you saying that on my dvd I've seen only a billion times with my daughter! You go rock this world, N since it'll never happen in this life, I'll finally meet ya in heaven! You're ansoya then
those heels gurrrrl! can’t wait 
tall and skinny
@ShaniaTwain SO HAPPY to see Mandy Moore (@nopenother) is choreographing for you again. She did the most AMAZING job on your Vegas show. Together, you are an unstoppable force!!  #ShaniaNOW
can. not. wait. 
#LOVE
Can't wait to have More Fun with you on the NOW Tour and this September!
Wish i could fly all the way to the US to see your concert! Man! It’s been ages... would love to see those moves and excited to see you perform NOW songs! Way to go Queen  
Love me some SHANIA
Those shoes though...
WE ARE SO EXCITED, QUEEN.
Can't wait to see you in Manchester
OHMYGOOOOSH!! #ShaniaNOW
Can't wait
You  go girl! 
See you in 35 more days Shania.. Cant wait, So excited to see you again!
Me arriving to the @ShaniaTwain concert on NOW Tour in Brazil!
 #ShaniaNOW
I'm so proud of you TODAY and everyday my FRIEND!!!!!!!!!!
All of us out here in audience land have been waiting long enough...
YOU are the 10th BEACON OF LIGHT AND HOPE AND LOVE...
I GOT YA...
Okay?????????
O.k...
morning baby(xxoo) were(take care with your rehearsals/don't try to do too much and remember for this you not under Heat Lamps on a Stage which is what got Tim Mcgraw) going (xxoo) to go swimming tomorrow morning, cudles!
You’re a spineless woman. I hope no Trump supporters buy your tickets!!! #notoShania
Aww that is so cool! I’m very proud of you @asielhardison 
Can't wait to see you on Thursday!!
It s gonna be a great show 
Tô triste
Lol They better not drop you or they will have a million fans rush them lmao 
So excited to see you in Cleveland!!!
Linda
Oh my God..... Hi sweetheart, I miss u 
te amo tantoo
I have loved your  music since I bought your first  album  in a true Canadian fan looking forward to to the new album
Hey @ShaniaTwain !  my new single, #FlamesBurnLow just came out today! It's off my first album that comes out May 31st. Full link: https://youtu.be/1oIRalS48JY  check it out!

YESSSS @asielhardison! Work work work! see you both soon!
holy crap it’s feeling real now
Do you practice yoga, queen ?!!! Lol !!!!
Looking good
What a lucky guy......to hold shania in his hands..........
You are giving me life with this!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
@asielhardison  I see you!
TE AMOOOOOOOOO

Shania is still the one 
Why don’t you try something different and classy than the rest. Make your “comeback” on your own talents and not bending to liberals crying cuz you said you supported Trump.  Such a disappointment you turned out to be.
Washed up one just screwed the pooch on that "come back!"  PATRIOTS (the ones more likely to listen to your music) hate turn-coat cowards, and they NEVER forget!!
Shame on you. Trumpis  the furthest thing from Canadian values.
hey shania send me a signature please
Shania! Coming to Finland some day?
