Now that I know you support Trump I am done
Your loss.
I agree, but can’t support a supporter of racism and division.
Even tho I don’t support trump, I’m still gonna support Shania. She has a right to her opinion. She still as billions of fans.
I totally agree with you - it’s just my conviction.
See you in Toronto - can’t wait!!!
#boycotShaniaTwain

#IStandWithShaniaTwain 
Who cares? I threw out your CD after your Trump remarks. Your lack of understanding of the challenges marginalized groups face is apalling. Apology is not accepted. Enjoy your #WhitePrivilege
No one cares.
You’re still pathetic. I’ve listened to your music for over a decade but it all stops now.  I don’t care what your views are, but when you go apologizing for your own opinion in a weak attempt to backtrack, then you are spineless.  Stop being so easily manipulated.
Ciao And good Bye. So u can leave the page
My twin sister @chelsealouanne & I will be seeing you pre-show! 
Perhaps you should stick to the USA where your beloved Trump is! #Traitor #CanadianDisgrace
My birthday, please send me ! It would be the greatest birthday present ever !
My favorite vacation as a child was Niagara Falls.
Yaaaaaaay can’t wait!  2nd time seeing you thanks to my awesome boyfriend!
Stay there!
See you on July 6th. I already got my floor tickets xo

See you July 27 in Denver
Good Shows 
See you in Tacoma ,May 3rd
Okay but why did I buy a plane ticket to Switzerland right before you come back to Canada ?!  #broke
See you in Munich 
Beautiful wonderfull
See you in Saskatoon, Queen!
Oh wow your going to be on the today show on my birthday what a surprise im going to watch it from sydney australia shania xxxxx
Got my tickets see you there! #yourstilltheone 
We don’t need u anymore!!
morning baby now lets give us(xxoo) a try, you have a nice day and good luck with your rehearsing were going swimming so wont be on line all day cudles!
Hopefully!!!
See you in Winnipeg May 13!!
How about Vancouver next weekend 
C U 2 SHANIA !
Can’t wait to see you Shania on June 30 in Hamilton and July 7 in Toronto. This is going to be an amazing tour!!!!
Are you heading any further north?
U go girl !!
Don't cave to Leftist bullies. Speak your own mind.
I'll be at the Vancouver show next week!
See you in october .... 
Seats have been upgraded! Can’t wait to see you right up at the stage.
Am so happy you are all there, on this shuttle, Juanita, Lolita, Rita, Jill, Beerly Hills, Louise, Denise & Shania !!!!


@ShaniaTwain you know what would make it really EPIC? Is to throw in a little @choirchoirchoir while you're in town  EH? Yeah? Just ask @rickastley how much fun it is to add a little C!C!C!
...is coming!!!!! 
We are soooo excited!!!
YESSS  See you @ShaniaTwain and see you too Canada-Toronto,our very first time over there  
Just CANT WAIT!    #ShaniaNOW 

See you on June 30, July 6 and Sept 9.
I'm ready! 
#ShaniaNOWTour 
See you in Hamilton
Looking forward to seeing you in Brazil.
Reihna  do Brasil !!!!
This is going to be an epic show!
Awwww! 
Where you are you will find who Admire you! I'm so happy to be in one of your shows! We love you!
Did you get your tickets to Brazil?
No  I still can not buy it!
Shania what is the name of that red planet in the upper left side of that picture

You certainly will......both nights 
See you in Boston, London and Munich 
I’ll be seeing her in Munich too!
can't wait!! got tickets for both days!! 
Play live for fans for as long as you can , for as long as you love it ..........
See You in phoenix @ShaniaTwain
Awesome Pic! - can't wait
We will be there July 7! Can’t wait. Celebrating my 3 year anniversary with hubby!!
Girl hook me up with some tickets im poor 
You’re a perfect Canadian.  They love socialists.
i want to see you in barretos but i'm poor
Toronto, see you on July 6th & 7th  http://www.shaniatwain.com/tour 
i'll see you in brazil on august 18th 
Can’t wait!
See you there!!! 
I CANT WAIT TO SEE U IN BRASIL 
brazil loves you 
TE AMOOOOOO
