I will see you there, all the way from North Carolina  Can't wait.  We love you, Shania, from the heart.  If you have time play " you've go a way with love"  fooy Phil and Mary.
Well fooy,  didn't mean that!  Meant for Phil and Mary.  Hahaha

Can’t wait to see you in oz
What’s SoFI? Lol.
I Love you 
When you smile, I feel so happy, Shania Twain !!!!!
Didn't recognize you without make-up
I'm SO excited to see you in Vancouver! Your "Come On Over" album was one of the first English CDs our family bought when we moved to Canada, and it's my absolute favourite. #StillTheOne #ShaniaNOW #SoExcited
Shania, we are looking forward to your tour.
Shania should never have apologized,  but she did. Shows how a good oerson she is. Much respect. But my opinon is no one should apologize, for speaking the or their own opinon.  The Left needs to understand we will not rewrite the constitution to satisfy your childish thinking.
you just be careful not(xxoo) to over due it baby what happens is then you wind up under Stage Heat Lamps doing the same as (it's alright fr young kids they can get away with it) a result body temp goes through the roof and you pass-out as did Tim Mcgraw!
Yay!! Will be watching you on the 13th @ShaniaTwain @mts #MothersDay #firstconcert I'm thrilled your concert is my first!!  Been your biggest fan since I can remember!
WHO Still wants to see you in the USA ? Stay out !!

YOURE COMING TO UTAH JULY 28th! I WOULD DO JUST ABOUT ANYTHING IF I GOT TWO TICKETS TO IT!!!

Please see this and help a sista out 
@ken_chap we are going to be going if it means breaking the bank!
Vc vai vir ao Brasil?
Hope the road leads you back to Canada soon.
Marvelous music
Good Luck on your tour, I'm sure it will be a huge success.  Shame you don't have 'The Fabulous Falls' with you this time round. Maybe Hardy and Corey are with you?? xx
See you June 2nd
Love it. Can't wait to see you in little rock in June

Ommgg, how am I just seeing this?! I am soooo excited!  This just gave me the boost I needed! I can't wait@
in spanish como amo tu musica , tu voz y a ti como persona mi unico anhelo en esta vida es poder algun dia de mi vida  conocerte  y estar en un recital tuyodesde Argentina.I love so much
Good deal! Damn, I still got to get a ticket. Thank God Louisville date is still a ways off. Nashville in ?  #ShaniaNOW
I’m a teacher strapped to a strict budget but I’ve been dreaming of seeing you in KC this summer  I need to show my fiancé what real country music is!! Can you help me make it happen???
You lost me, trump is a racist, abuses women and is hurting so many immigrants, children are in private prisons waiting for their parents deportation.
Love you 
So glad you are back Miss Shania!  Have always loved your music since the 90's
Wish I could afford to come see the show.
@mmfa Shania, why did you back DOWN from your support for President Trump? The leftist twitter mob is nothing more than paid anarchists with fake twitter accounts from media matters. They never listened to your music to begin with.

FEAR NOT!

#MAGA
I’m so glad you are doing a tour!!! I’ve been a huge fan since I was a little girl and your song from this moment on is what I walked down the aisle to at my wedding!!!
I'm glad you're staying home, snowflake crybabies. The concert will be more enjoyable without you there. #MAGA #Trump2020 
Awesome... and so jealous of the group working with her.
Can’t wait to see you in Detroit!
Such a sweet sweet woman! I won't be missing out on this opportunity to see #ShaniaNOW. Another beautiful Canadian gift to the world! Hey @ShaniaTwain , let me know if you need any tall strapping roadies ;)
16 more sleeps 
This is gonna a fantastic show as always Love  u Shania see u in Edmonton
Still a fan, because I understand the pressure you must be under. So sad you didn't get the support from the many proud deplorables that you obviously need. They are too busy upholding a far too low standard. You are still a class act in my opinion.
You are fabulous doing your job! All these effort will gonna be appreciated by your fans! Includding me, of course: #ShaniaNow #barretaooficial Luv!
Yaaaaay
I can’t wait  soooo exciting
Come to Mexico please.
Wish I could see you here in Australia Shania, I don’t think I’ll be in Australia when you’re here which is unfortunate. I wish you the best of luck and most of all I hope you have fun! Australia can’t wait to have you  #newcastle #nsw
Coward you lost me as a fan and I'm Canadian
@quote_agious @mac_fortier WOOOH!! 
Way to go Shania 
Cant wait!! Tampa bound June 2!!
Moreover, being(xxoo) a vegan you are also going to have to be (I've sent you CDC Alert on this) careful about lettuce you eat as there's a multistate E Coli scare in place. otherwise you are going  to (remember Walkerton) be a very sick baby cudles!!
Awesome Twainsome! )
Trash! Would never buy ur music again! Under cover racists are coming out of the wood work! Sad u find Trump
Appealing, but why are we surprised!
#fakenews
now what happened with your husband happened to me so I'm just telling you as she might not be happy with you around, when you find out what she did believe me you (my ex who I am still friends with is furious with her but she changed baby) are going to have a bird, cudles!!!
Awesome....would love to open for you! ;)
hello baby that looks(xxoo)more like harmless fun now you know we have something special so you can let( me have a contact number at this point besides it's too much for you do do everything on your own with my Back Stage Pass, cudles
I want to see your show!!!!!
U r #adorbs u know it?
See U next sunday! Dream come true #vancouver
You know, I think I'll skip seeing her.  Her epic PUNK OUT on her initial Trump comment sort of makes me nauseous.
Enjoy it !!!
COWARD
https://twitter.com/GlenCampbell/status/989244599582494720?s=19 …
Very kind thoughts and words about Glen from @ShaniaTwain https://twitter.com/countrymusichof/status/988164604059582464 …
Can’t wait myself too long between visits
Beyond excited to see you live for the first time ever in October! #ShaniaNOW
Follow me Shania please I'm desperate

I wish i could go!! I love your concerts.
So. Freakin’. Excited. 
May 19th needs to hurry....Chicago!
It's great to see you having such fun. Can't wait to sing my heart out from front row in Hamilton, and see you pre-show in Toronto in support of @shaniakidscan.
Personally seeing Shania Twain perform live is more important than any politician or current political movement. The joy She brings beats them all !! ( thank goodness !) ...Her One Of a Kindness and achievements stand alone. Period.
I will see you (again) May 13th in Saskatoon with my sister Donna Hoffer to celebrate her birthday on May 14th!
It's a lot of elegance, a lot of charm 
I can't wait!!!!
Given your opinion on our Cheeto in Chief, I am glad I didn't buy tickets to this tour.  Much respect lost from this fan of over 20+ years.
#fakenews
Cannot wait for your show in Manchester 
Can't wait! See you in Cleveland!
You go girl!!
your coming to mohegan sun. thats near me!..looking ng foreward to it!

No thx you’re washed up
I wish you hadn’t apologized and sold yourself out 
Could ya hook me up with tickets?! In Minnesota.
Can’t wait
Cant wait to see you live again! I'll see you on june 2nd.  
....and I wish them wholeheartedly, in Germany they say, toi, toi, toi.
I’m not going. You lost your spine.
Stop bashing her. She did nothing wrong. You dont like her thats ok. There are a lot more people that will go see her. Stop the hate...
See you in August!! 
you the best. we the deplorables can't wait to see you
Maravilhosa 
 See u in July your Heiness!!! 
Stop Fearing @Hillaryclinton & Democratic party Hecklers. Be like @Kanyewest. Voting is secret Ballot & vote for @RealdonaldTrump 2020 Bravo @lastwave2014
I’m counting down the days...I can’t wait!!!!
i got goosebumps then eeeeekkkk xxx
Wonderful!!! #Rockthiscountry
See you in Tampa!! 
See you in Vegas 
See u in Edmonton my Queen!  
So excited for you Jimmy!!!
Yea 13 days away! Omg! Lmao
Me toooooooo! Wonderful Jim!
I’m excited but I can’t go!!  so upset
You're telling me !!!
Please tell me you’re coming to Memphis!!!
See you in Ottawa! #ShaniaTwain @ShaniaTwain 
I AM SO EXCITED OH MY GOD
You could bring a lot of people together with your audience. Politics probably should stay out of music but we can all agree that liking someone doesn't necessarily endorse everything about that person.
Can’t wait!
She's a beautiful meaningful singer! Will b a Great concert! Can't wait!
I don't see Trump supporters buying your tickets.  Good luck with Antifa!
OMG, she smiles, you know, am happy !!!!

Hope we'll see you here on Twitter,  just to have more fun, lol !!!!!
A lot of fun on this NOW Tour, this is the start, lol !!!!
Sorry @ShaniaTwain, after caving to the Left don't expect to see me at your show.
Then dont go. You dont need to bash her. She did nothing wrong.

WONDERFULL
I cannot believe this is real, I can’t wait to see you in #Brazil after 7 years my dream is becoming true! 
Couldn't be more EXCITED !!!
I bet
I need a job!
I'm so sad you won't be coming back to Long Island, NY! I've only seen you & the @allmanbrothers in concert. Was hoping to see you again with my Mom!
You lost this fan when you caved in to the liberal left.  You should have taken the Kanye West road and stuck up for your conscience and words.  Not one more penny spent on an unprincipled coward.  #byebye
Stop bashing Shania! She did nothing wrong. Keep your nasty words to yourself!
Can’t wait Shania looks stunning.
Cant wait till October.... 
When you come to The States, you might want to rename it the APOLOGY Tour seeing how you melted like a Popsicle under the heat of a reporter's question about the American presidential election. We thought you had a backbone Gumby.
Oh get over yourself...she apologized after she got bullied, threatened and slagged off by morons that have nothing better to do than whinge & whine if someone dares to have a different opinion than them!! I don't think she should've apologized but she did, it's done so drop it!
Shania, my son is getting married on Sept 8th at the Hamilton Art Gallery across from the Canadian Country Music Award venue- would love to have you stop by!
You just alienated 3/4 of your fan base. Good luck with walk-up sales...
grow up!!!!!!!  everyone who knows anythng about shania knows she is a good person. only a moron did not know what she meant by her comments..why the hell would she want fans like you?? her concert worldwide will do just fine
@TheNicoleShea let’s go see her in Dallas
Can you look up cheap tickets?
Trump supporter hmm not sure now
Did u not see how she apologized over Twitter, let it go.
She shouldn’t have apologized.
I believe she shouldn’t have either.
I believe she shouldn't have been bashed in the first place for stating her opinion.
#exactly
Agree!
I'll see you in Amsterdam.
Excited?
Trump 2020!
Hoping the lefty snowflakes turn out for you?... that isn't going to happen..
Stop the bashing.  She did nothing wrong.
I have been such a fan of yours since the beginning!  I love your music! I wish I could be your photographer! That would be such a dream! Have a great tour Shania!  I’m going to try and see you in Dallas but it’s 8 hours away!
Sucks you made yourself look weak and were publicy shamed by the liberal left to change your mind. Hope it doesnt impact your Tour but it just might 

Still support you ,don't agree with your opinion on little donny but then I've had the misfortune of meeting him
I’ve met him too, liked him and friend plays golf with him in West Palm, #GoodGuy
I'm so jealous!!
South Africa is part of the world.  Are you going to call on us?
I'll be there, when you are in The Netherlands
Shania, i'm crying!  I'm so very happy for you! 
Are there any shows in Northern Michigan ? The U.P of Michigan would be better, we are overlooked often.
OMG!SO EXCITED!
I can’t to see you at @TheQArena on June 16!!!!!!!!!
Shaniazza Twainasha,

I give you half of my empire 1/2 yes, after divorce (%58 chance), you can take it or die with me which is not certain yet I remember you in my standby memories. 

Please accept this humble treat, everyone know you stole my bike and got me good, can't wait.
I already did it
Oh my God, I can not wait to start the tour. I'm super excited.
YASS WE CANT WAIT TO SEE OUR PROGRESSIVE EQUAL RIGHTS LGBT ALLY QUEEN!!!!
My gosh! Wonderful Queen! 
I can't wait it! 
Good luck and don’t forget to wear your big red MAGA hat in support of the failure in office!
Irish dancing...

You're doing Don't Be Stupid
Shania.  When are you going to apologize for Kanye’s words yesterday?
Can’t wait to see you in London.


You give it your all to us Shania,it will be awesome to see you again
Werk girl! WERK!! You’re killing that hot choreo! Can’t wait to see the finished product!!! 
Everyone has to come out to see this tour! It is going to be EPIC!
I can’t wait to see u in Brazil. 
Love you Shania, I have all your music.....you're the best. Good luck on your tour..!!
TE AMOOOO
Does that mean Let's Kiss & Make Upnmade the cut!!!! Yes yes yes  can't wait

wonderful
I just saw that you are going to be on The Today Show next Monday. Looking forward to see you perform on The Concert Series. You rock Shania. My friend Celeste Kellogg dreams of performing with you some day. 
we'll see you in august in brazil 
Dancing Queen!!! 
#ShaniaNOW tour 
Lol !!!!!
OMG !!!! Im Soooooo Freakin Exicted One Week!!!!!! I Was Suppose To See Her Fours Years ago but never got because of my endocarditis and losing all of my muscles but now i finally fours years later get to see her wish i can tell you more about it!!! #ShaniaNowTour
I know you are excited and ready to go and WE ARE TOO  Gonna be epic
I can not even wait to see your first show!! Let’s get another selfie @ShaniaTwain ! 
Awsome lady, also awsome shot !!!!
We can not wait!! Only 86 days left!
Omg i cannot wait until fresno august 1st only 97 more days im so excited.
Soooo excited for London!
ONE WEEK until the #ShaniaNOW World Tour starts. I can't wait to get the show on the road! 
Very excited to see in Toronto, girl!  been toooo long!
It still feels surreal this will finally be the tour i‘ll see you live on 
Hey Shania, today is my 60th Birthday . Could you PLEASE send me a text?  I’d be honored. God Bless You!
Got my tickets!!
You're gonna rip em up.. fact
see you in Brazil Queen! 
Can’t wait! See you in July!
