Also, so you in concert in Houston (Toyota Center) in 2003! You put on a hell of a show!!
Happy Eastern
Just finished reading Shania's autobiography.  Enjoyed it very much.
Listening to #now felt like reading an autobiography
A very personal story of a painful journey.
What made you say that Shania ?
That is quite a tour with 75 dates. You will barely have time to sleep. I hope you won't be taking private planes (one always thinks of the Day the Music Died, Otis Redding and Patsy Cline). Looking forward to seeing you in NYC and maybe on the road in Ireland and UK Happy Easter
I love you so much. Saw you 2x in concert. You're so great.
If you ever need a bass player/personal trainer im your guy! Hahaha! Good luck on tour you are the best!!!!
Can’t wait to see you in DSM in July!
So beautiful
continue
Just take it easy while you are on tour, as I will be seeing you when you are here in the UK in October! 
Be happy!!! Love you...
Hi Shania. I am have always been one of your biggest fans. Today I am battling breast cancer at 50 years old. My daughter bought tickets to your Mother’s Day concert in Winnipeg before I knew about cancer. You’re right about health. I’m going through chemo right now.  See part 2
Good night 
fantástica
We miss yu so much shania cant wait for to come back to country we love yu
Fun = love !!!!
more fun..not so hard on yourself ...so rigid...believe me...I know ego, pride, and perfection can cause a right within
...typo
..a fight within...
I'm one to fend off....not offend...
btw..thanks for you're intuition..
Love the new album
Thanks
Hope you can come back to Calgary shania.  I saw you eons ago at the deerHearst inn and country club in Ontario.  You've come so far.
This is Kim Merkel my daughter Shania and me are going to your concert in Minnesota in may we saw you in Fargo Nd the day before Shania’s 6th birthday this is going to be fun would like to me you Shania will be done with college this will be her party
You’re the best.
Every night when I go to work on interstate 35 heading north and when I drive home South bound here in Austin, I see this glamorous image of you big and bright at the Irwin Center. Hopefully we will get to go see you since we are big fans.
You inspire me , you give me hope to be able to move on from my cheating husband. There are SO many things to be grateful for... xxooxx
We would LOVE to see you at the AMP in Arkansas!  Come play here!!
Love you Shania, have a wonderful tour!
Love you @ShaniaTwain!! Still my absolute favorite female artist!
I love to see you in concert so much.
@Mfazzone30 this is what you've been waiting for.
Shania, just an FYI, someone is impersonating you on Instagram shaniasprivitepage site and scamming your fans using the shaniakidscan charity.
Hey Shania, can you do something like this again. I remember this like it was yesterday. I watch the DVD all the time.

...is what we need!! Love you 
Too right x can't wait to see you on tour x
Can’t wait to see you soon
GET YA GIRL ON SHANIA.MUCH LUV.

ROLL ON SEPTEMBER AT THE HYDRO 
My family and I absolutely love you Shania Twain, this coming all the way from England xxx
You are Awesome girl and you are Beautiful inside and out 
Beautiful as always.  Check out my store I'm an independent consultant with country suds soaps and bath accessories  http://www.countrysuds.com/store/Sims  
 You won't regret it
Love you!!!
Looking forward to seeing you in Australia
Your concert is the most fun I’ve ever had! You came straight to my seat to high five me. I got so nervous that I only reached out with my fingers, instead of hugging you or something... the look you gave me was priceless  awkward hilarious 
Whn r u planning 2 tour India? Especially Chennai?
Plz come 2 us as well, Queen!
Shania you are fun regardless but im not able to come to your concerts in sydney they are sold out
They sold out in like 2 hours of going on sale plus one of your sponsors reserved a few thousand for their customers
Enjoy the journey!!!
SHANIA TWAIN  EST SIMPLE PURE COMME UNE ROSE AVEC SON PARFUM ENIVRANT D'AMOUR INCONDITIONNEL ENVERS TOUTES LES PERSONNES!!!
MERCI MERCI ENCORE MERCI  SHANIA TWAIN DE NOUS FAIRE VIBRER 
D' AMOUR  MERCI!
Shania you have to puf Oshawa on your tour Stop Tribute Community Center !
All you have to do is be you! Easy for me to say, right! Enjoy!
See you in a month!! 
Can’t wait to see you! July 27
I can't wait to see you on tour.
Enjoy every minute Shania we can’t wait to see you July 4th in London Ontario!
health first!
Would love to see you in Mid Missouri , have missed you
Love your story! You are one awesome singer and lady!
Vancouver! Let's do it!
Looking forward
Lysm  so happy I got to work with you 
Cant wait July 6
Can’t wait to see u in Chicago, Shania!!! Perfect bday gift to myself!
You get up there and do your thing, its all about fun. I know Im going to have a blast  
You’re #HomeNow 
What a lesson for everyone!! Amazing  #northernontario #natives
If you’re not in it for fun, you’re outta here. Have a great tour! 
well baby at your(xxoo)age you have to(my heart is your shelter, my arms your home, cudles)be even more concerned with your health with several already collapsing on stage with far too many appearances scheduled!!!
Can’t wait to see you. I’ve been waiting for this ever since you started on the music scene 
I really hope you‘ll have the best time ever on this tour, I know I will 
Go for it girl! Hugs...
Shania can you find out For me if billy Currington is single?? I'm a die-hard fan
I am learning all Your NOW lyrics....already know most of Your others....can hardly wait to make a happy fool of myself singing along with you !!!!
More fun is all we need....  lately I'm obsessed with my health too. I can't wait to see you!
Fun, fun, & more fun cuz fun is also like love !!!!
I Love you @ShaniaTwain 

Have fun that's what its all about......
Will you be doing new stuff or old during this tour?
The essential is to do what we like and take a good fun focused on ure performs. All is right  Shania  ..
That’s how is should be -and will be, you go girl 
#MoreFun 
Can t wait to see you 
Life is too short to be so serious...... “ Why so serious? “
Can't wait to see you in Florida!
yes my favorite lady
See you June 30
Exciting June is nearly here #ShaniaNowTour
Can’t wait!
Have fun, Relax Life is to short 
That sound like your going to have a great tour and have fun!! Can’t wait to see you on stage gorgeous 
That it girl its all about fun #NOW 
Can’t wait till October at the 02 London so excited to be seeing you live 
Neither can we, good luck, have fun!
Your music and voice are simply stunning!!
Hey.

Do you know why they call Pirates, Pirates?

Because they ARRRRR!
Have fun. That’s a priority.

Thanks for lying to your fans when you went on your “first and only tour”, just to tour the same places 3 years later. You put on a terrible show, had ridiculous high prices and you’re still selfish enough to keep this shit up. Congrats Shania, you’re a joke. 
In hindsight the letter that I wrote you was a bit misleading, I really enjoy your new Idea of touring,
I'm in.  
so excited to see you 

Can’t wait to see you on tour!!!
Start by pledging to never use "whilst" again. Too serious...

You always have fun something as a fan means a lot. I hope to get the chance to meet you one day if you ever do a Oklahoma show. 
I would be honored to meet country music queen in person
Cannot wait it's gonna be mega! 
And still we can have a night out on the town in Manchester 
Cant wait to see you in Brazil!
If your career so far was lacking fun (We all think not)  We are all in Store for a lot more #shaniafun then....  You go Girl!!!
can’t wait to see you Rockin’ my country! 
Hiya shania x
You go girl have some fun 

Well I still love you @ShaniaTwain !
My fvrt song @ShaniaTwain
Above all I cant wait to see you after 20 years of waiting !! Hope to see you in France too 
I’m so ready for the tour. 
She is so gorgeous. Like a doll!  Look at her cute leopard gloves. GET IT GIRL!!!
You have god gifted voice so sweet @ShaniaTwain55

More Fun is what we need  
My husband & I have seen everyone of your tours. We are trying 2 get tickets for the Cleveland Ohio concert can you help us.
Whilst on the road. Think of us finally together..my love! When will you be joining me in BumbleFuck Duncan BC! 

We are like crazy to enjoy of #ShaniaNowTour
Lol !!!
That'd awesome news. We want you to have as much fun as we are. See you @kfc_yumcenter in July #Louisville #ShaniaNow #GirlsJustWantToHaveFun
I'm so proud of you, your soul is graceful, you're amazing! love u so much! I can't wait to see you in Brazil! 
We can’t wait to come and see you!!!
Look after your health and it will look after you!  Shame you are not doing a show at Newcastle-upon-Tyne Arena!  Will you have any of the 'Fabulous Falls' in your band?
I hope you have a really good time and a lot of fun in this tour, because us surely will 
Yeah !!!! Let's have fun !!!! Being funny can't harm or hurt !!!!!
Were still hoping to attend your concert just worried about my immune system. It means so much to Jess! I used to sing your songs to her when I was pregnant 23 years ago and after she was bornWere both looking forward to concert for somany http://reasons.one  mom to another!
@emilyemmons3 @McGillKelsey @LaneArnott1 
Are you still going to send me tickets to your Chicago show that I previously asked you about I would love to come and meet you
Danger Girl
Shania, you always know how to have fun on your shows. You make your fans feel the love you have for them. We are so glad your touring again. Can't wait to see you in June. We love and always support you!


On the Road Again, I can't wait to get on the Road again as sung by Willie Nelson
Hi! Shania! Happy Easter weekend 
I am glad ....
We love the new you!! “More Fun” 
 YOU'RE THE BEST we love you so much and we need you in Argentina  please come here!!!!!
Your Music is the Sound of Life! You make our days have more fun! 
Thanks for your Music! Really thank @ShaniaTwain! You're Music chanced my Life! 
you are an amazing woman
I love you Shania
The love I love, "This Love Is Mine" by @ShaniaTwain  that enters deep into your heart !!!!!
I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU IN AUSTRALIA IN DECEMBER QUEEN
Yaaay can’t wait to see you live in Auckland NZ!!!
Don't forget your honey te!
Can’t wait to see you at the @AACenter QUEEN  #DallasNOWtour2018 @ShaniaTwain
Best of luck to you! Have a Holy Friday and a Happy Easter Shania!
Good for you girl! You deserve it 
Can’t wait to see in phil in July!
My twin sister @chelsealouanne & I can't wait to see you VIP again!  Please take care of yourself and get lots of rest because you're gonna rock this world NOW! 
We love you! 
You're the One and Only Always!
I can't wait it! 
I see you in Las Vegas!
Hugs from Argentina!
I LOVE YOU.
Saw you in the DC area twice in the late 90's and both shows were outstanding! One of the highlights was when you invited a young girl on stage (Verizon Center) to sing with you. She had a sign that it was her birthday and her wish was to sing with you...awesome of you to oblige.
You should have #MoreFun you more than deserve it!! Party time
Have a great tour! Loved your concert in Hamilton, Ontario a couple of years ago

I can not wait to see you here in Brazil on your tour. This moment will be incredible.
Can’t wait to see you in LA in August 
Linda Eu te amo 
I will see your concert  in Toronto. Saw your concert in PEI it was  fantastic
MORE FUN?  How is that going to be possible?  your previous concerts have always been AWESOME!  Can't wait to see you in NYC
Looking forward to this tour! #morefun
That's what you SHOULD do!! Just have fun with us!!! We will always love you no matter what!!
Wish you could do one in South Africa like real bad 
Listening to your music while packing up the house for the move
God, I can’t wait to see you!  is it October yet?!
Taking it serious is a reason why you're successful, being able to enjoy it and take it all in with people who are in your corner is a beautiful thing !!
I can't wait to see you in Little Rock. I'm bummed the catwalk won't be there, but I know it's going to be an incredible show because of YOU! Are you bringing any special guests with you?
You could talk the entire time and it would still be the best concert ever! I just can’t wait to be in your presence again! Please have #MoreFun
See ya in Boston @tdgarden!
What’s your health wishlist?
legend
Cant wait to see you in Nashville!!
cant wait to see you for the fifth time in 43 days 
I hope you do
: )) (( :
yes more fun!!! We can't wait!! We will be right there with you having a blast all summer!
I’m proud of you. See you soon
so excited for see you in Brazil
Show us the setlist!!
