You're incredible.

U there ?
I can not be silent, I need to say, I'm in her magic music, I bathe in it. Shania is brilliant. Please take care of yourself, my dream is to see you, we need you, we love you ...)))
skinny
skinnier than that eiffel tower
she’s the size of the antenna at the top
literally the size of one of the needles on the palm tree
btw Shania these are compliments.
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesss !!!!!
I absolutely adore and admire you, Shania Twain. Hoping to get front row tickets! I've never had the blessing of seeing you in person-flying in from my beautiful Kentucky. 
That's a nice picture...It's all so magical! 
Good night Shania 
Which pic' you're talking about, Veretto ? I didn't see anything !!!!
It’s only about the Benjamin’s!!!
I'll be there!! See you! 
I see you in Brasil!
hello baby,  now my hearts (xxoo) is still your shelter my arms your homes, cudles!
Love to see you back at the palace again
Come pick me up darlin.
You are so beautiful Shania
Love you Shania Twain! Best female country singer ever!
Love you
I love so much
What you love, Jexikatto ?
Can't wait to see you in Vegas again my queen.  coming all the way from Australia 
4 times we've been to Vegas in the first week of August. This year we're going in June and @ShaniaTwain will be there in August. Sometimes life just isn't fair!!!
Can’t wait to See you in NYC! 
Will you ever do one here in South Africa
Hope all goes well
You'll always be extra lovely. It's a curse.
Las Vegas has missed you and can’t wait for your return  your promo has been up since September of last year! We’re so excited to welcome you back!  @MGMGrand @TMobileArena #ShaniaNOW
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesss!!!!!
Hey @ShaniaTwain I'd love to "Come on Over" & perform with you in American Sign Language #ASL #deaftalent #signlanguage #ShaniaTwain

See you there!
Where,  queen ?
COME TO MA
When you smile, I feel so happy !!!!
so excited to see you in Brazil 
Hi stranger.
Awesome way to go Shania, cheers from Kenora Ontario
Can’t wait to see you in Boston in July!
What to do, I can't get there ? Lol !!!!
This entire thing is just great , says a girl who loved you from "What Made You Say That" and . #shaniaNOW.
I see you in Las Vegas! 

Can't wait it !
I'm looking forward to your show in Brazil. 
See you in Las Vegas!
Oh my gosh! 
I can't wait it ! 
I Love you Queen !!
Hugs from Argentina!
Shania is glad for your creativity, to my shame I know a few of your famous songs, but the fact that you have so many wonderful songs did not know, I'm just in shock listening and the tears themselves are running, I love you ...)))
But I’m here now!!!
Good luck with that then....how much more money do you need?  You'd think you'd enough dosh surely.  I might write a new song "Only the Greedy"....come on @ShaniaTwain how much do you really need to live out your life....shocking.,,and no I don't dislike anyone just greed
Can you please be there in November instead??? @CharlieMillard5
If there’s fans waiting outside the arena of your shows will you go out and meet them? I wanna meet you but so much £££ for your M&G if you do one for the UK. But like, I won’t get my hopes up 
What a woman
@abbeyeodom see ya in Vegas aug 4
Can't wait to see you VIP in Hamilton AND Toronto with my twin @chelsealouanne 
Looking forward to @TheO2 
Epic year ahead for you, Queen!
Can't wait until yiu come back to DC in July parties on 
Can you make sure that Home Now is on your set list and Be Alright and then can we sing party for two together
Legend
I’m seeing you front row in Vancouver BC on may 5th I am so beyond excited and can’t wait to see you live for the 7th time my Queen! You have saved my life and my dream is to meet you 
We are coming to see you. Las Vegas and then Manchester UK. Can’t wait 

I got excited and thought this was another Vegas residency announcement  Although, I'm sure that's still in the plans for the future?
Can’t wait to see you in Phoenix my queen 
Yesssss @ShaniaTwain
Yasss Queen!
