How about helping a small child who was abuse and traumatized and now has PDSD and is suicidal
Does anyone know where to buy? I can’t find it!!
I wish
When are you coming to Florida, Clearwater or Tampa area? I hope soon.
So proud to support your wonderful foundation, and we look forward to meeting you again in Fresno @ShaniaTwain !
Why not the hamilton show??:(
Love forever
Cool looks fun
$2500?

This would be a dream come true but I already bought quite expensive tickets a long time ago. I've always wanted to meet Shania.
um, yeah...i’m poor  

this isn’t what i meant by meet and greet    i’ll stick with fan club contests and less expensive options
Cool
I'm going to buy some lottery tickets tonight so if I win I'm there
of course, none for Saskatoon 
Shania comes across as such a lovely person, got my tickets for 02 London so happy I get to see her. 
May God Bless The Queen Some More !!!
É sublime! É universal! O seu empenho, o seu empreendimento colaborativo, projeto colaborativo em prol da educação para crianças menos favorecidas materialmente e outros.
Deus a Ilumine! Sempre e muito mais a você e os seus.
Please do something like the for the London UK my sister has been dying to meet you since 97 and i really want to help her do this! :)
In my dreams only
Yes! My favorite country singer the greatest of all time always looking Hot Shania Twain
My daughter loved Jesus with all her heart. She was murdered by DIPG. Your voice is so powerful, please use it to fight for these kids. “Justice will not be served until those who are unaffected are as outraged as those who are.”  http://Stormtheheavens.org  #CrushDIPG
Third time's the (VIP) charm for @chelsealouanne & I: Ultimate VIP for Rock This Country Tour in Hamilton, and VIP for NOW Tour in Hamilton AND Toronto (@IfOnly)!  Life IS good!
Please sing a song at the 1st Annual Beans Ball on March 15th, 2018. We need a HERO to step up with courage to help bring awareness to the Monster:DIPG! HELP END THE 0% SURVIVAL. Please be our HERO. #StormTheHeavens #PrayLikePhil #CrushDIPG http://stormtheheavens.org 
Hope to meet you in Denmark in october 
My twin sister, @chelsealouanne, & I bought this yesterday for Toronto night one. See you VIP style in Toronto AND Hamilton! 
Our dream!
I already got my tickets @ShaniaTwain presale so awhile ago
met you at the Maple Leaf in Nov. of 1980.
Hermosa
I wish  see you in Vegas and Sydney queen.
Hey, the queen is in the Buckingham Palace !!! lol !
Lol of course. The queen has her own thrown 
Yeah, of course!
I'm visiting http://shaniakidscan.com  
What if i cut grass and did the dishes for a couple weeks...I'll sleep outside and wash in the ocean....and earn some hanging out time? Im actually very entertaining and am harmless. Except to folks that mess with my Mama*
Are you acting a new theme  there shania ?
What if I already bought VIP Front row? I want to experience this with my mom 
Only if you want to meet me? 
Why are these opportunities available just now??? Right after the @omaze campaign has ended? I spend 1350 dollars in donation, hoping for a small chance to meet you Shania. 

I could have donated to the same charity, and then be sure that my dream would come true! Honestly!
What about brazil?
Bought the package yesterday. @Alicialights & I are so excited to do this all over again for NOW in Toronto! 
BRAZIL
girl........... i love you with all of my heart......... $2,500.....?
Same....
a man with taste
OMG  Shania Twain !!!!!!! We thought you were already in Australia !!!! lol ! We're happy to see you though !
GIRLIE YOU LOOK 3 OMG IM SHAKING
you need new glasses
Tgvghhgvgygvbbh
Do we know yet who won the contest to sing with you?
Hi from the UK big fan of yours any chance of a signed pic of you....  Thanks
I wanted so much
Who paid you the jet-ticket ? lol !!!!
Thank you for the autographed signed vinyl
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, SHANIA

What about Brazil?
SO STUNNING OMG GORGEOUS QUEEN
