People are so sensitive about everything nowadays,how about growing a pair and be manly men in life and women should want a manly man to protect them at all cost..&@realDonaldTrump is a manly man whom is a great Leader unlike the sissy Canadians have as president @JustinTrudeau
We elected a President for Leadership,not a Pastor of a feely good church
I am incredibly disappointed you cowed under to the socialist communist bullshit and didn't stand on your opinion there is nothing wrong with doing that.
Since you are an entertainer, you should resist answering questions you may feel that you have to apologize for....USA
Amen!
Im happy someone in main stream actually approves since our major networks have attacked this President since day one. They have spread lies over and over but bye the time they redact there lies most Americans don't get the redacted lies they intentionally spread. Thank you
A bit of sage advice I learned when I started my career years ago.  Don't mix politics and work.  It's just bad policy.  No matter what answer you gave to that question, a flock of people would be pissed.  Follow Dolly Parton's example.  The media sux.  Don't fall for their B.S!
Truly sad Shania! Just absolutely sad! I believed you to be a strong independent woman, I see I was wrong!
I would not apologise to anybody  about the comments you http://made.You  had every right to say anything you wanted.
No apology is/was necessary. Ignore the haters, 90% of them always cater to ideological thought rather than reason and the remaining lack a knowledge of how American elections work and lack compassion or understanding, they'd rather just hate.
So sorry for you Shania, you lost a lot of fans for these 4 tweets apology. Stand for what you believe and you will be held in highest regard, just in case no one told you.
Why are you apologizing to all the liberals about President Trump? After 8 years of Obama destroying us, Trumps the best president we've ever had!
Never ever apologize for being you and for stating your opinions or thoughts on anything. You don't owe anyone an apology or anything for that matter. If people don't like it - let them dwell in it and pound salt.
Look at Kayne , you do not have to concede , you are entitled to your opinion whatever it is, it is your opinion
Shania I am a big fan of yours as well as a big fan of President Trump. I’m a little disappointed in you walking back your positive comments of Pres Trump. Who cares what Hollywood and the main stream media thinks. Your fans will love you and your beautiful music no matter what.
Why would you apologize when it’s about time we finally have a president that will do things not cater to political bs!  I loved your music but really you topple with pressure not cool!
It is a shame you feel like you have to apologize for your comments about my @POTUS #MAGA
WOW! You caved and gave in to the bullies on the left!  Bad move...
You don't need to apologise
No need to apologize unless you think others should think for you.  You have an opinion and folks should respect you for them.
I’m very sorry you felt the need to apologize. It certainly wasn’t necessary.  I am, and support, strong women who speak their mind. I am an American. And I couldn’t wait to get to the polls and I PROUDLY VOTED FOR DONALD J TRUMP. I’ll do it again in 2020! #MAGA
As a strong independent woman I would have expected you to learn by now that when you try to please everyone you end up pleasing no one.  Stuck to your gut.  Your initial reaction is almost always your true voice.  Ignore the haters.  They'll crawl away in no time.
"stick" I meant to say
so much better off. This past election had 2 of the most disliked candidates in history. And it showed in the election. Its rare 4 an elected POTUS 2 not win both the popular vote & electoral college. Trump once said that he wishes they would drop the electoral college vote
2/2
You should not be apologizing to anyone.
People without a clue.
Shania, I’m a woman that did not need validation from a man to tell me how to vote. Stand behind your opinion and your fans will love you even more. It’s a divided opinion...sorry that you felt the need to back down from original thoughts. 
The question should never have been asked. Also, you shouldn’t have needed to apologize. Who the hell cares who *would* have voted for anyone. #disapponted #bestrong #refusepoliticalquestions
Who cares Shania, your fans love you regardless.
I'm offended that you apologized !
Dont EVER apologize for having your own thoughts
I am offended by her http://apology.To  bad you don't have a backbone Shania.
Trump is my president. I'm glad I voted for him.
Money talks
and I say to all those I offended because I voted for Donald Trump; You can all drop dead....see how easy it is Shania!
You are CLUELESS! Trump is a Traitor, a mobster, and an all around IDIOT. Taken out of context? Nope. There is NO CONTEXT in which anything positive you said about him is acceptable  OR APPLICABLE. He has ZERO redeeming qualities- ZERO.
Don’t apologize, Shania.  You think for yourself and don’t let the haters pound you into submission.  #MAGA
Shania, coming to see you in Sioux Falls, SD next month. We are so excited, please don't let the negative left bring you down. It's okay to have your own beliefs! It doesn't make you a bad person, it makes the people that can't allow a difference of opinion the bad ones!
Do you also feel the need to apologize to the millions of Americans you offended because you felt the need to apologize?  You seriously let the intolerant left shame and harass you into apologizing?  That alone is reason NOT TO APOLOGIZE.  Come on.  #IndependentThinkingIsOk #MAGA
Ms. Twain, your apology was & is unnecessary. Those people who you think you may have offended are ecactly the same people who have ZERO tolerance for other people's ideals, thoughts & choices. You allowed the "mob" to define you & control you. For what? Record sales? Pathetic.
People are passionate about President Trump just as they are about your awesome music, @ShaniaTwain. Have no worries. People adore you and your music! Break a leg on the tour.
In other words you're another fair weather supporter of patriotism.
We have Trump, you still have Trudeau, we win .
Please stop apologizing, just because the wrecking crew comes out to silence you. We love you and you have nothing to be ashamed of. They should be apologizing for bullying.
You don’t have to apologize. You did nothing wrong.
Who cares what you think about my country. You’re a Canadian lol.
You have no reason to apologize! Your opinions are your right. 
Mind your damn business. You displayed your moral beliefs on stage with your legs wide open for every performance. I found it to be quite distasteful.
Sorry, but that don't impress me much. I will not be listening to your music again. Good luck on your comeback career! #Adios
It's sad how easily manipulated you are. Strong woman...pfff. You are weak. You go along to get along. So afraid of the repercussions by those in your circles that you can't even think on your own. Pathetic.
Man ? sure acts like a woman.
I respected you before this apology. Do not EVER allow yourself to be bullied into apologizing for ANY opinion!
I regret you cowarding down to those that dont allow free speech or thought... be strong and proud of your thoughts, there are millions that are with you, you just wont hear about it in lame stream media
I was happy to see you speak out and support @realDonaldTrump !  Now sad to see you backdown.  Don’t cave in!
You caved.
I hope people see what left Dems are doing to people. All their hate removes your freedom to think &  have your own opinion. They want all or nothing & they'll destroy you if you're < 100% loyal. At least I can disagree w/moderates, centrist & conservatives.
You have nothing to apologize for!  #youmakeamericagreattoo
I lost some respect for you because you let others reactions to you thoughts make you retract your statements. What happened to having your own thoughts. Don't become a sheep
You blew it, was a fan but now I'll not waste one dime on your music. Bye-Bye
You NEVER should feel the need to apologize.  (SAD)
You are a strong lady....l love you Shania Twain
Cowardly cave to left wing nuts.  I read your response and it didn’t require a apology.
You know what Shania .....Your answer should have been "That's my business" Or "We're not going there"
Why does anyone even care what you think? I have more respect and more interest in a person (man or woman) that works hard for a living instead of someone that does not have a backbone to stand up for what they really think. I may not agree, but at least stand by it.
Wrong move .....fight for something    Or be silent but don’t cave to the liberal left snowflake.
You had nothing to apologize for Shania the left are out of control.
So much for apologizing. The Liberal Supremacists are still going to burn you at the stake no matter what. Lesson: Never apologize for your beliefs.
Disappointing! Your listeners overwhelmingly support @POTUS so you should be careful not to tick off over 60 million people by your lack of backbone.
Shania, Conservatives also are against discrimination. Actually more so because History will tell you that it was the Republicans who stood against slavery. Be honest with yourself above all.
Wow, I was going to boycott you for what you’ve said about supporting Trump, but now I see the Trump supporters are attacking you for your apology. That should be explanation enough of who these people are.#Deplorables
This is the scum you apologized to?....THIS Nazi? Say what you want...never be sorry unless you're actually sorry.
it's sad @ShamiaTwain , but it's OK to be scared, crooked liberals are really dangerous. Remember #ClintonCrimeFamily & #ObamaGate . @Adelkiiis
Except your instincts about Trump are correct. He's not a racist at all. He just puts all legal Americans first. It's not about skin color at all.
Will you deny Jesus Christ?
Never apologise to bullies hun, you spoke with your heart, bullies never accept a sorry, they'll just attack you even more. Rather just turn a cheek, be true to yourself and God who created you. Life's easier that way, leave the haters to rage.
, Shania, you offend me now, you come off looking weak and clueless.   
           MAGA
All good Shania....not our hill...
Not allowed to have an opinion, not stuff?
You shouldn't apologize, we all have our own opinions and beliefs. You may not be familiar with American politics, but the Democrats will bully you into apology. @WendyWilliams just said she likes to make fun of women, and she isn't going to apologize.
Sorry and disappointed to see apologies for being correct.
I have no idea what u said...my first thought  when I read your apology is...you are a Canadian!..I am Canadian...I get why u were caught off guard..truly our Canadian  ICON!....it's so sad this even has to take emotional energy to be dealt with...IU.....JAMIE XOX
Yes this is sad that you feel pressured to apologize. Speak your mind and be proud!  #proudcanadian #womanstrong
What happened to free speech and being allowed to support whoever you want? Why are you apologizing to anyone for anything that you said?
Shania, I always enjoyed your music,however very dissapointed in your backing away from Comments you made about our great President. Don't be intimated by out of touch left. Stick to your guns.   MAGA!!!!
Invest in a spine or morals.
Think bafore you speak  miss beautiful Shania
You lost all my respect.  You're just another common Sheeple.
Why would you apologize? You did nothing wrong
You don't need to give context. People who will hate you for your statement don't care about context.
Don’t impress me much
I do not think is nutty I think she has the right to her own opinion
don't apologize 4 standing up 4 America Shania don't b bullied in2 supporting our freedom we are privileged 2 have in USA stand with him 2 complete the job & make AMERICA gr8 again use your influence 4 the good of USA b strong & don't b a whimp
Shania I m prt of the silent majority don't apologize 4 what you said he has made more positive changes 4 America than any1 in the past century, he turned around our economy, he has said no 2 others running over our borders which are important weather or not any1 admits it r not
Dont apologize to people that may be offended. There offence is on them. Pres Trump is the greatest Pres in this millennium. Plz dont cave to the evil pc agenda. The democrats promote sin and want all to tolerate their harmful sin. John 8:32 & 14:1-6 Discrimination is discernment
Shania, it’s everyone’s right to their own opinion. You shouldn’t apologize. I personally hate Trump but have friends who support him and I still love those friends. Still love you and your music whoever you support 
Here in America, we enjoy freedom of speech. Do not apologize for your opinions.

Unfollowing, you caved. Sad
If ur worried about sales, u just alienated most of ur fans by apologizing. No backbone. Disappointed. Party of Trump doesn’t forget. Just ask the Piggy Chicks
Why are you apologizing to a bunch of fake Soros funded Twitter bots.  That’s what most of those swarms of triggered responses are.  They designed to keep people like you scared that you’ll lose your livelihood.
Do not appoligize for what you say.if people say you are in titled to your opinion then frown on you for your opinon then what kind of illogical contradicting fucktards are you around?friends or pals stick together no matter ones opinion.
Thanks for the frank speaking. But you got wrong on Trump who is a true liar, shameless, least honorable person.  However, I still support him who has a gut to do some right things for our country such as drain the swamp, fight bullies (EU and N. Korea) with bully tactics.
DON'T APOLOGISE!!! JUST BE HONEST YOURSELF INSTEAD OF TRYING TO PLEASE PPL!! STILL A FAN #MAGA
Lollollollollollollol
Strong response. Just learn from it. People might respect you more if you write like you’re semi literate.
Your good with slinging accusations aren't you, you can't prove anything so you call names, so very mature of you
Ms Eileen Regina Edwards your opinion of Our President is http://bias.You  cone to Our Country and make millions,but you make political unproven allegations against Our President.A suggestion to you from American Patriots,Stay the fuck out of Our Country.Worry about Canada
No need to apologize.  I'm still and always will be a fan, but there is nothing presidential about a pathological liar, that has a ton of skeletons, 13 Russians, a slimy lawyer, peeing prostitutes, porn stars, playmates in his closet, and commits adultery.
All i see is album out now, world tour about to start... Cheap promotion #thatdontimpressmemuch nuh nuh naaaaaah 
yes you should.  You are losing your Canadian values.  Trump is a racist and Canadians do not support him.  C'mon
It certainly has changed my formerly positive impression of Shania. Wow.
Spell it with a Z. 
As a Canadian, you should apologiZe to your own country for showing weakness & offending your neighbors - AMERICANS. 
This is how you'll be known, good job.
As a Canadian, you could have stopped here.
Shame on you. You lost 100 Million Baskets Of Deplorable Crumbs as buyers.
Big mistake for apologizing. You have every right to feel the way you do. Free expression is what conservatives believe in.
Sad another brain washed cult member on a leash 
Idk why you worry about what you said. Don't be cowardice and stand up for your thoughts. To much ars missing going on. Sick of it.
You have no need to apologize- be proud - those complaining are a very small number of unethical big mouths
We weren't offended. We thought maybe you had some good sense and weren't just another silly celebrity more concerned with pleasing the #CultOfLiberalism than with the needs of ordinary U.S. citizens. Obviously that assumption was wrong. You're just another elitist.
You are pathetic.
...wow, was hoping you had more spine that that.
you should say you have no horse in USA politics and stick to singing. you're doing what the demonrats traitorous communist are telling you to spew. American patriots are informed about who's against Americans. good bye.
Being caught off guard usually means you said what you meant.  The fact that you are now apologizing because it caused people to say mean things to you just shows how they are using your fears to bring you back into the fold.  I am very disappointed in you.
Yeah because all this “moral” demagoguery from the left is what we should actually be concerned with.  Stop apologizing... Canadians!!!!
no one should have to apologize for having an opinion.. caving to the outrage mob only gives them more power
My dear do not apologize for your expressions to suit others with different opinions. Stand strong and shine as the bright light you are !   You’ve walked the road!
Offended by saying what?! You said nothing offensive. But you are caving in to the ridiculousness of American PC-ness. Please don’t!
DO NOT APOLOGIZE! The face that people are trying so hard to suppress speech and freedom of views and support for their opposing political
View is a horrific and scary vision of our future to come if we don’t STAND UP and fix it!
Don't apologize, Obama has destroyed our country, Trump is the best one to get it fixed.
Most country fans are Republicans. Man I Feel Like A Woman...but crumble like a little girl when pressured by mob mentality.
You are pathetic!You stated your opinion&back peddled when you got back lash because your afraid of losing sales.If you believe OUR @POTUS is racist&are against bigotry you would have never said you vote 4him. You weren't caught off guard.$$is worth more 2 you than your voice.SAD
No need for apology to anyone!!! Your allowed your opinion and if people get offended they need to deal with themselves, not you. Be strong and don’t allow haters in your life.
You are so pathetic. You stated your opinion then couldn't handle the back lash& were afraid of losing sales so you back peddled. Our @POTUS isn't racist, if you ever thought that&believe that bigotry is wrong you WOULD HAVE NEVER SAID THAT even caught off guard. YOU'RE A SELLOUT
Please do NOT apologize.
Don't back down Shania!! Speak your mind & feel like a woman! #MAGA
Don’t apologize to people that voted the way they wanted and didn’t care what anyone else thought. You have a right to voice your opinion. If all these people were really your fans they would respect your rights to speak how you would have voted without attacking you.
Miss Twain, I wish I could give you a hug. Here in America, we often choose a candidate that we know so little about. Once we do learn, we have already decided on a winner. I think if people would learn about candidates from the time they announce their candidacy, we would
be
1/2
Nobody should have to apologize for saying who’d they would or would not vote for. That’s what freedom of expression is all about
You basically showed that you follow the crowd instead of standing by your own opinion.  Pres. Trump did nothing to you.  You don't even know him, so why are you apologizing, except to protect your career.
Bye Shania! Was once a fan, not anymore. Enjoy your life with the deplorables.
Shania you should be able to express your opinions freely.  There is such a lack of tolerance and love it saddens me.  Best wishes!  By the way I was born in Windsor, Ontario 
U Shania r one weak person. U let others tell u how to think, talk & feel. U r NOT ur own person.
Too late!! Lost ALL respect for you !!!
Not an action that requires an apology whatsoever.
Sad that you let a few people tell you how to believe and how to feel. You should not be ashamed of your thoughts and beliefs. Don't be a follower, blase your own path. Don't buy into the liberal propaganda machine.
Too bad you caved because of political correctness. Stand for yor convictions!
Why are you letting pressure affect you like this? Your beliefs and reasons for them are your own. I buy your music because it’s excellent not because of your political beliefs.
This apology is offensive to all those country music fans who voted for President Trump. Many were proud of your bravery until you folded.
You did not comeback from what you’ve been through by being weak. Stand for what you believe in. Don’t cave because you got insulted. It doesn’t matter how good you are you will always have people insulting you. This is a tough world we live in, so live in strength/conviction
Shania, I sure wish you wouldn't have apologized to the SJWs that just want to bully anyone who holds traditional American Values. Of which Trump was advocating and is the reason why he won. I hope you learned that the Progressives are NEVER satisfied. YOU SAID NOTHING WRONG!
TOO LATE YOU DISGUSTING TRUMP WORSHIPPER
Why are you apologizing?  You dont owe your musical fans a political justification..  I am Canadian, and would love to have @realDonaldTrump in place of of current useless PM.  Trump is accomplishing things to forward his country.  We get legal weed?
Don't back pedal now. Trump is NOT a racist, so stop aligning yourself with the false narrative of the Liberal media! After the life you've led & the obstacles you've overcome, now is not the time to be weak. Stay bold! Don't cower to those who would brow beat you into submission
Grow a pair, yes, another pair, and take a page from @kanyewest's book, a page about what it means to be an artist, to think for yourself, and to have integrity. If you like some times about @realDonaldTrump , don't be shamed into silence and conformity.
You screwed up.
I have always liked your music. Now I like you more for your views about our President. Don't let a few loud Democrats scare you. Remember we out voted them. They think they out voted us but dead people votes don't count. Voter fraud was bad but we Republicans had the numbers
Don’t apologize. The parts of  not on the border & thus conquered by foreign invaders + the parts not along the corrupt DC beltway voted for President Trump. We love our President. That you’ve been cry-bully terrorized into apologizing is proof of anti Dem intolerance.
Pooh-pooh the haters. You should never have buckled. But...you ARE Canadien; so there is that.
Shania, why? Why apologize for being honest??
So what is your context? I was a little reluctant about your comeback you have issues that is well known. Why in hell would you back track on a comment who pushed you to do so fire them all. I thought you were a woman. By the way fight your own war. Be a stand up woman. you hadit
You are amazing!!! No worries!!!
President Trump is a great POTUS & brilliant leader. Wish you would not have caved ti the Leftist pressure.
Shania spineless Twain
Shame on you for caving in to leftist pressure.
BUCK UP SHANIA #agenda21 failed... You didnt get the memo? You can do what you want now. Weinstein and all the other #pedogate bastards are soon to fry. . .
I wish you didn’t feel like you had to explain or apologize. I respected you for having the courage to stand tall & speak your mind. We all have a right to our opinions and not to be bullied for them.
You Caved., disappointing. You sing about Being a Woman, but you let us Down. You didn't have the Chutzpah to Say How you Feel and Stand Tall! You let the left Define You, no good
Never apologize for anything to anyone, it always makes you look and sound just a little be LESS OF A WOMAN!
You should have stood your ground with your response. Most of your fans voted for trump. The lame left go can go to hell.
Stay true to what you think. Don’t be bullied by our liberal left. They attack anyone who supports Trumo
Jesus. Ya'll need to chill out. She has opions we all do who cares beep done. Dont hate on Shania for anything be it speaking up or apologizing
Was a fan..not any more. So disappointed that you are a Trump supporter.
You shouldn’t apologize for something you believe. You’re making others think and speak for you and you have every right to say what you said we have the most amazing President here in the United States ever and if like him you shouldn’t have to apologize for it.
stand up for yourself - don't be intimidated!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! bad form
Y should u apolpgize 4 stating your beliefs? I, like millions, love our POTUS & am proud to be a supporter. I don't care what anyone thinks.
Really how can you claim to be a strong Woman when you fold to thoses who would enslave you stay in Canada we don't want you hear President Trump is the best President ever and I am proud I am on the right side of this battle of good vs Evil. #WWG1WGAA #TrumpTrainUSA #Trump2020
Why apologize. Stand up for your true feelings. Don't be bullied!
No need to apologize. We all have different options. If we were all the same the world would be boring.
What a way to backpedal....spineless..
A word that should be abolished 
OFFENDED
I wish you wouldn’t have apologized for your beliefs.
Very sad that the bully liberals make you feel that way!
Apology is fine, but you can't change what you said
Please don't be apologetic, say what you feel & mean what you say, this whole politically correct nonsense is ruining our country!!  MAGA!!
Stop this apology tour nonsense. Saying you would vote for Trump will not drive your fans away. They did too.
Shania don't apologize you have every right to your political opinion. I respect you more for voicing your opinion and not feeling like you have to apologize for having your own opinion. Teach your son that having a mind and thinking for yourself is powerful
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?????????????  IF you don't have a mind of your own honey, I am  not spending my money on YOU in any way shape or form!  I LOVED what you said.  YOU REALLY FUCKED UP FOR APOLOGIZING FOR IT!
Are use to have a lot of respect for you Shania, NO MORE! The left is all a bunch of bullies they are the ones with no tolerance think about it. Just remember half of America voted for him. I will never buy anything associated with you
you said that he seemed Honest? i hope you take the time to listen to many of his rally's and speeches , and see what he does later or how he changes stories in middle , put them in background, while puttering around a room. anyone saying he is Honest has not truly listened 2 him
or how he takes something that will incite rage, hate, and research and find the facts? this is a man who claimed to see thousands of Muslims cheering in the streets where he was  on 9/11.  either he is dishonest in most of what he says or he is delusional
You owe no one an apology.
You are no Kanye West, Shania.
You should be a FREE THINKER like Kanye! not a sellout apologizing because you were bullied! I'll take Trump any day!
You seriously had to think hard about that question?
Still love Shania. Anyone can be a victim to bullies. You are a strong woman and will move on. Real fans will still support you as I will. You are the best!!
This is the definition of a guttless response.. So sad.
You have a right to any opinion you have 
Your statement wasn't offensive. So you don't need to apologize. But as a fan, I'm extremely disappointed in you. If you're not outraged by Trump, then you've not been paying attention.
WTH! Did you think you were free to speak differently than the Communist Left Mob. #MAGA2020
I truly wish you'd just stuck to your guns & not given in to social media bullies!   Many Americans <3 our @POTUS and applaud your original comment. #MAGA
Wimp
As a Canadian, I'm offended that ypu would apologize, Shania. Have you ever listened to the way that Hillary and the Democrats demonize ppl who don't support their agenda?
