They always are
Thats what I do with Gracie, My puppy
Thor 
Thor, is the Viking God !!!!
Sweet
I hear ya!  I think of them that way as well.

I know what it is... though ours are real puppies (9 months)
Watching TV 


And they still are puppies! If you seethem With your heart ;) I Luv pets too!
They're animals living in human captivity...No animal should never be a pet....they belong with their own species... I believe it is cruel to hold animals in captivity and use them as pets. How would you like to be kept by another species like that no freedom and trained to serve
Aaaaawww, gorgeous.....my baby of ten months!
Awwwww
My baby
Eles são os nossos melhores amigos.
Aww me too. My baby turns 13 in May but is still my baby!


Aw man, miss my "kids"! Used to do the same thing. 
Awww but they will always be our puppies (or kittens) even when they are older xxx 
My "Puppy" & I. His name is Ronnie 
Super cute!!
So cute 
I tell my 20 year old son all the time "you will always be 2 too me" 
You are incredible  I love you and your music, exceptional  please follow me. You’re my inspiration  my happiness  my everything  my complement  I need your voice for live  I love you sooooo much 
I Love You
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWEEEEEEE, that's just si http://sweet.xxx 
Sweet puppies!
If this isn’t the cutest thing I’ve ever seen
Lindita Shania, ven a Chile, muchos y muchos te esperamos !!!!! Vennnnnn !!!!
Nice!
Good Dogs...
Love this photo.  They are beautiful!! What are they- possibly Pyrenees or Labradors?  I'm not real good with my breed of dogs. 
What a beautiful photo...love dogs, I have 4 animal rescue dogs
Happy #NationalPuppyDay  
Pretty tough to beat snuggling with Shania Twain 
Everyday should be National Puppy Day!
My baby Scrappy #NationalPuppyDay
That was our little doggie's name!!
Aww cute Sweet xor
Happy National Puppy Day, Shania! I hope you have a blessed evening. Hope you're doing fine. 
Awesome picture
Lucky dogs
Wish I was one of those puppies
This is adorable asf @ShaniaTwain 
Love
I agree.
Even a big singer can fall for pupy love :)
Love this picture Shania Twain gone to the dogs, Her babies just to  cute!!!!!
Life would definitely not be the same without them 
This was me with my youngest dog last yr. I love snuggling up  with them!
Cute
Your as bad(xxoo) as my Mother(my heart your shelter, my arms your home) who has at least six Doggies in the House who get toast every morning as well, cudles!
Here’s my pug Ollie 

Adorable 
Are 2 Jack Russells sleep with me
I didn't think I could love @ShaniaTwain anymore but wait...
another cute pic Shania!!

This is my puppy, she is 14 this year. She has just been to the groomer
She's Coky! Always puppies! 

Cute dogs 
And yeah, this one is still a puppy to me too - especially when he’s asleep 
Nothing like a welcome home committee #WorldPuppyDay
My puppies, Grizwold & Charlie, in their RTC bandanas. Everyone in this house loves and supports you!
All I need, is to see you smiling & so happy, it's my dream !!!!!
It should be international Pet day, I have two cats!!!
Sweet babies 
My Puppy Bouie!! Hi Shania!
Well ya. Gah
Shania jak byłem młodym kawalerem hodowałem wilki i tresowałem je na psy obronne takie miałem zamiłowanie i trwało to około10 lat i studiowałem weterynarie i choroby odzwierzece i też znam sie na tym 4 lata to studiowałem w domu z książek
I to all the time sending sending the same message to you in the hope you follow me, please realize my dream! 
All I need is seeing your pictues smiling & so happy , it's my dream !!!!!!
Awe so sweet
Love this!!
Unconditional 
Please fans, let our queen rest a while, shttttttttttttttttttt thank you y'all !!!!!
Ownt 


Who ae you miss Christina ? Shania's fan, welcome to the circle !!!!
So cute
My baby and me. Always puppy. Kisses from Brazil!  #NationalPuppyDay

One happy family!
Me so horny,
me kiss kiss,
me love you long time,
$20 dollar for each.
Awww Shania Twain showing Puppy Love 
Cute picture
Love when the animal's cuddle next to us. Love when they know when were stressed or anything else.
Awwww I do the same thing 
That’s how they pertect you they know something humans don’t know other animals to and me.
L'amitié d'un chien est sincère contrairement aux être humain.
very lucky puppies
you will pamper us with your show, thank you ...))) To be honest, I envy your favorite dogs. Word from the song: "I'm ready to kiss the sand on which you went ..." I adore you ...)))
♡ Now that's what I call puppy love ♡
And they always will be, just as ours is to us
Nice pictures. Cute dogs you got... 

Omg this is adorable I cant even tell you the amount of times I have fallen asleep cuddling with my dog on his bed 

That is so true! Even you have to sleep on the edge of the bed 
nenê
national puppy day
YOU SO CUTE
É linda até dormindo com os dog
Nothing but  love  in this photo. I take floor naps with my dogs too. There’s nothing better. Thanks for sharing, Shania.
#NationalPuppyDay    Beautiful
Tim 
so cute :)

Love pet... Plz I want more pictures
Same with my furbabies 
so cute.Bella is 3 but she's still my puppy 
Thank you 
@SashaNewbury
Aaaaaaawwwwwwwwww 
Yes Shania...I can relate. 
Love you Shania! 
OMG yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssss !!!!!
They are so cute! <3
They love their mommy!
Aww www @ShaniaTwain 
#NationalPuppyDay 
SO CUTE
So cute
Awe soooooi cute my Queen !!! Can’t wait to see you in Vancouver may 5th from front row :)
this photo is adorable 
OMG. So cute!!! 
DO YOU REALIZE YOURE THE CUTEST HUMAN TO EVER WALK THE PLANET
Omg so cute 
Hi
Offically one of the most adorable 
pictures to ever exist
I wish I was one of them puppies  lol 
Too cute!

This is so cute 
So cute 
