Not everyone! Just you rod! 
Yeah I know, most people are absent the inbred DNA trumpanzees possess 
So thats why Trump won?
He has no mandate, he won because of the electoral college and Russian propaganda. I doubt you have the American political and historical acumen necessary to debate me because your a Dane and are unfamiliar. You are underwhelming, good day.
He's POTUS. Pff No mandate?
This is what I mean when I say you have no political acumen, you don’t even know what a mandate in politics means...give it a rest.
Anyway you are overwhelmingly despicable for bulliyng someone who disagree with your undocumented claims...
Seems honest, huh? Not too bright or likes the far right extremist white nationalist agenda. She's right. Although Trump will not admit it, his words and actions are clear and honest when it comes to bigotry.
"Far right extremist white nationalist agenda" all fake news and what the mainstream media and Dems want you to believe.
How is he racist because of that, exactly? Are you arguing with feelings, again?
So you're just gonna ignore what I posted.
Toxic, racist, washed up soon to be in the dust bin of entertainers. What an effen disappointment of  someone with a platform to affirm the  decency of us in society. What a dark stain on the ambassadorship of Canada  you present.
Shania, admit your ignorance and move on.
What I need is a sugar mama
Hi I I heard you're coming to our camper concert I like to get backstage passes in front row seat if I could I've never seen you in concert and I'm just not rich I'm poor Folk but I'd still like to marry you
Trump?! Canceled
Trump!! I just replaced you!
Too bad she took her statement back because no one wants to be linked to your boy
I guess a lot of nobodies elected him President! Its about $$ not the values of soft liberals. She said it and that is how she really feels. That boy is still your president!!!
You, a woman, would have voted for that monster in the whitehouse?? Have some self respect
Perhaps she does which is why she doesn’t want to be bullied by you
If anything you dirty commies are Russian bots you’ve been funded by them for the last 75 years
tRump? Really? I am so disappointed. #LetDown
I'm not... Really
Hitler-esque womanizers never seemed her style but hey,2each her/his own. Especially when it isn't ur country going down the tubes. Maybe if tRump listened 2more Shania he wouldn't be such a womanizing dictator.Who knows?But'I Feel Like a Woman' has a whole different meaning2him.
Did you autotranslate from swahili? Your tweet makes absolutely No sense!
Shania doesn't seem like the type to support a dictator.
Apparantly you got that right.
He's a proud patriotic American, who has done more good for your country, and world wide freedom from deep state in 1 year, than any Dems ever!
Don't care
You are toast, you think that is where your audience is. It is not.  Lead do not be the caterer.
You understand tRump is an Adulterer, just like Mutt did to you? You still think he’s honest when he’s cheated on ALL of his wives and girlfriends?
Trump honest?!? Your view of "honesty" is rather skewed--but then you let people think you were Ojibway when actually you were only native on paper, through your step-dad. You have 100% European ancestry.
wow super ugly, no talent hack. #stopST
So you approve of this then. Good to know.
Seriously Shania???   This is your hero.  So dissapointing.  
Bad choice in saying you’d choose Trump.  You’re minus one fan!
Why can't you like someone with different views. I really like @IMKristenBell and she is one of the biggest outspoken democrats. Just because we have different views doesnt mean I have to stop watching her movies.
You’d have to be a woman to GET IT!  Also, you’d have to care about ALL people to understand that. Period.
Grow up!! You are what makes libs look bad. You just want to pedal gender and hate. Right out of the far left playbook. Your next move will be smart off and hit block and report.
Clearly you don’t have the capacity to understand. I realize that, that’s ok.  Have a great day.
I'm the who can put political issues aside and like people for their talent. Dont be so soft! You too!
You never impressed me much. And now I know why.
So trying to get publicity for your album? Not a way to do it unless you know, you want to appeal to your racist women hating base.
Boy do you have that backwards about trump...he's the most dishonest person... everyday you hear something new he had lied about...the Forbes magazine, the crowd size, the porn star and playmate, I could go on and on...
From North Bay, Ontario. My mom used to play your records non-stop. But after today's news your going into the basket of deplorables. Booo to you Shania! Boo to you.
Hope you get stuck at the border
So you would have voted for Trump because he seemed honest? Do you realize how stupid tht comment is? Trump is the biggest liar ever to be Pesident. You think hes honest? Hes also a racist and brags about molesting women. That appeals to you? Embarassing that your Canadian.

How dare you! I watched you on Ru Paul drag race being all hip and cool are you that uniformed - you would have voted for a man who said “Hang theGays” unbelievable!!
Bye Felicia
Time for a boycott!
@realDonaldTrump fan? I am over you. #Done #YouLikeADictator #NotAFAnAnymore
Love you for saying Trump is an honest man. That exposes the dishonest media & triggers the brainwashed, but thank you for your courage!
not sure how Shania's opinion proves Donnie is honest.  He constantly is lying about something, even the most trival things.  Its just SAD
#Nope
What did she do!?
Good thing you are not relevant. #ShaniaTwainCancelled

Shocked at your Trump being honest comments. You know nothing about his cronyism and despicable actions against Earth and humanity. Sad you made those uninformed comments. No CD purchases here.
“Quick let’s get minorities in the picture”
Honest? His one biggest trait is how he hardly does anything but lie. Are you sure you meant someone else?
Just know, you cut your sales in half for publicly supporting Drumpf. Hope it was worth sacrificing your already has been career.
Shania. After all the raping, and all the racist antics you still could’ve voted for him? Even now After everything?!
So much pain in what Trump does —in the hearts of so many good people. Women. Gays. Immigrant children and visitors from other countries. Other religions. Minorities. How. Could. You?  @ShaniaTwain
You lost a lot of fans today! Good luck with your come back!
Kinda like @NRA @IngrahamAngle VS DAVID Hogg or whoever he is. He tried a boycott against them and failed miserably. NRA and laura had the record breaking viewers and new memberships.
#boycottshaniatwain #impeachtrump #noford
Rediscoveted @ShaniaTwain because of this! New album and tour! Great news! Oh almost forgot.... Get lost shannon!
Donald was offensive? Can we have your opinion on Clinton, or any whack job democratic congressman or woman? How about the same for any whack job senators? Start with Pelosi....we’ll wait......
You’re a real dip shit. Glad you’re Canadian in this instance.
I'm transgender. You broke my heart today. I'll never listen to sing again for the rest of my life.
You don’t need to say it lmao.
Yes she does...lol...moron
I'm disappointed in you lady.
Donald Trump really, wow I know your rich and all but Trump is an evil man. He's pardoned criminals Shania that and all childish spewing on twitter your weird.
Your career is over
You are my favorite entertainer
I like your music but not your trump support if that is true.  Since you retired your music has not been missed.
Just like the churches must learn.  You will lose a third of your audience when you identify with anything other than America.  I think we are learning the value of separation of church and state.
You look fantastic! Keep the hard work, talent and elegance going! You can't miss!
So you'd have voted for Trump?
Tells me something about you I'd rather not have known.
Goodbye @ShaniaTwain you are so not still the one. #resist
Then why are you still in her replies on twitter
"I would have voted for him...he seemed honest...I just don’t want bulls---. I would have voted for a feeling that it was transparent". Seriously? After all that has gone on, you still feel this way about trump...the biggest fake news liar ever? Head in the sand much, shania?
How can a women vote for Trump ...baffling?
She couldn't anyway.. She's Canadian. and an irrelevant one at that.
Vote Trump? Gross.
Let’s see how long your dancers have a job. You love trump. Most Americans don’t. You liked his honesty - he lies numerous times on a daily basis. Have you read his tweet yesterday or today? He’s crazy. It’s a shame you didn’t think your comments through. After being gone so long
I've lost all respect for you calling Trump "honest." You are part of the problem.
Nailed it
#Trump is honest?  He's as honest as a triple track vocal on a mid life come back.
Auto tune your voice away...would have voted for trump... last album was poor. Maybe head back to Canada dear.
Well I’m glad she wasn’t able to vote
For real? You still advocate for Donal Trump??? Honest and Trump??!! Wow.
Shania loves racists— no surprises there
^damn those bloody Nazis being Jews and supporting Jewish people^
Sorry but you’ve lost my respect. Thinking that a guy who has cheated on every single one of his wives “seems honest” is beyond silly. You’re falling for the same lies he tells his wives.
all smiles while you betray every gay person in America - go away for another 15 years trump parasite!
What rights of yours has President Trump taken away from you?  Are you less likely to succeed in America because of him?  If you are being oppressed and American I will stand by you and fight, but you have to tell me what we are fighting...
go fucking die soon pls
You would think after what she went through with her own husbands infidelity she would not support a sexual predator like @realDonaldTrump. What a letdown to all women nationwide.
Nice Women and Lady
if you think Trump is honest, it’s no wonder it’s took you many many years to figure out your husband was cheating on you with your best friend. yikes. sad.  #sorrynotsorry girl you are a major Disappointment

Bot
You support the worst president in the history of America. You have lost our family as fans. #boycottshania
Trump and Honest, god you are dim.
After you lost your voice we supported you. When you sounded like you had a frog in your throat when you spoke we supported you. 

Not any more. Just saying you support Trump after all the horrible things he has done makes me sick.
To the black man in this picture, this bit€h would have voted for Trump. She is a racist. Remember the Nazi march and the protesters death that @realDonaldTrump said both sides were good? Shania supports that.
You support a guy who sexually assaults women, cheats on his wives (didn't your first husband do that?), lies, is a braggart and a bully?  Not to mention how he's cheated working class contractors, chose cheap over having sprinklers in trump tower & a resident died? ETC ETC.
You like Trump’s honesty?? Really???
You like Hillary, Really??? She can like who she wants.
So you would have voted for Trump?? I am done with your music. Your songs for karaoke, and will never buy your new stuff...
I'm 51 years old and I need to get married how about it tonight gorgeous woman you Bonita senorita Bonita senorita a hundred times over
melody and lyrics to this @ShaniaTwain https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FQNhnHg1pM … ?
can you put melody and lyrics to this? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWuCveAbVkk … @ShaniaTwain or this...
My song for you. 
"Love you like a freak" means title;).
Just for fun.
https://youtu.be/rtFTSPJApTQ 
!!! !!!
OBRIGADO 
THANK YOU MY  FRIEND
THANK YOU MY LOVE
     """LINDA """
   """BEAUTIFUL """

Greetings from Poland.
I am listening You from 20 years.
Love You my Principessa:)!
Doesn't matter if this like is automatically done. For my it's like touch of Angel;).
Shania; memories of the old days on 149 th Street Edmonton when I picked you up an threw you over my shoulders an introduced you to my wife Eileen and got myself into all kinds of trouble for that ! I heard your going to be in Victoria today !
Madame , you made me cry on 60 minutes .... Thank you for being a brilliant diamond in Canada's history . Thank you for every second of your career , your solid bravery, and  true soul who sparkled her way to the stratosphere  forever admired .............I bow
how your weeks been
You are beautiful
Shania, could you text me just once?  I’ve been a fan for decades.
hope you had great week any 1 singing can stay  on my land for free if they give a person a job  I live at 45  Vinton  miles city mt  my ph# 1-888-300-8811
You are the Best!!!!
Country Music has had a huge hole in its heart  while you were gone from touring and recording. 
So happy you filled its Heart  again with your singing, your passion for us fans and desire to give us the best performance possible!
Whoop, whoop it’s getting real now  i see you in September and October i’m so excited
So pretty. Good luck in everything you do sweetheart. You earned it
"Dance with the one that brought you..." 
Can't wait to dance the night away in Philly this summer! 
always charming shania 
Lookin good!
You look great, Shania 
I guess I'm supposed to reply here. I'm out of my realm.
The endless smile !!!!!
Beauty queen. Can't wait to see you dance again. See you in Vegas and Sydney. 
I love you
Shania said she would have voted for Trump if she could, cause he is 'honest.'
So beautiful
Hi
I love you
Love @ShaniaTwain even more today than yesterday. 
You go girl!!!
Line dancing   it !
SHOW TIME !!
I’ll see you July in London Ontario!!  Can’t wait.  #excited
Practice makes perfect beautiful lady. XOXOXO 
Much love.
Conquer the world girl!!!
Wow okay, what a beauty.
You are soooo beautiful Shania !!! Love you sweetheart!! 
aaaa te amo tanto
Now that's what I'm talking about !!! Look at those smiles....just a preview of the smiles You will bring  to our faces when we see You come back to us on stage...!!!
I can't wait to see you in Barretos! 
Looking great, can’t wait!!!
It doesn’t look like Shania !!!!??
I have front row seats row a for Manchester in September I've loved you for years cannot wait I hope u will sing yr old albums also! From this moment was my wedding song!!!
Beautiful  I am so excited to see you again. Queen. Have fun.
You look so fantastic and amazing as always dear lovely friend 
@JackieGeraldino omg omg omg can’t wait!!!

The only Eyes for me absolutely gorgeous smile!

So exited to see you next month !!! 
And you didn't call.....
Come to Billings, MT! We would love to have you back in Big Sky Country!
So excited!!  We've ALL missed you!!!
fun all so happy, I want people too, to you ...)))
Hermosa,shania
Yay!  I missed out on your Vegas residency & never got to see any dancers on your Rock This Country Tour! @ShaniaTwain
Wish I was a back up dancer!!!
Girl is that @asielhardison ?
What a Happy Looking Group!!
It takes two to tango 
That hair, 
Finally I will fulfill my dream, to see, for the first time, a show of yours here in Brazil. I hope I'm lucky to hold you and tell you how much I love you. 
Excited to attend one of your shows this summer! 
Yes I wanna come work for you body guard to Shania only Shawn I need u too please yes miss u
You look great, Shania 
Can’t wait to see you in Toronto!!!!
looking good shania
Go get them Shania. Cant wait to see the new "NOW" Tour! I know it will be an amazing sbow. Good luck!!
See you in September 
WOW

Looking Great Shania  
I bet there’s a lot of both fun and hard work - you go girl  
And gosh! I simply can’t wait to go to your concerts, but I know I’ll have to! Patience is NOT one of my preferences 
I know dance #ShaniaNOW
We would do it with pleasure, free, just for fun and for being in the presence of the best artist in history @ShaniaTwain! 
YES we would very much like that 
You are the Dancing Queen .. Shania
Awesome
OMG she is here !!!!!
Sweet
1 month 3 weeks and 6 days until I see you In Tampa!!!
Gorgeous darling!
Honey. You look A Little Gassed
Looking good
Good luck dear 
@katelynrumbolz
My girlllllll
So excited!
Cool nice to dance
Have fun 
Beautiful  I can not wait to see you here in Brazil, I'm looking forward to your tour.
Linda, I can not wait to see you here in Brazil, I'm looking forward to your tour.
I can dance if you need any extras :)
SWEETIE IM SO EXCITED!!! LITERALLY THIS PRODUCTION IS GONNA ROCK MY SOX OFF

good luck guys!
Awesome Queen!
I can't wait it!
Hey a Happy Weekend to you Guys 
You are the cutest!!! Can’t wait to see you in June!!!! 

Pray for the Broncos
She's apparently had more time to talk up Trump than to think about the Broncs.
Yesssss!! I wanna come dance PLEASe 

I can already feel it’s gonna be lit 
i can’t wait!!!!!!!!
