#FunFact: @ShaniaTwain has sold over 100 million records, making her the best-selling female artist in country music history. #WomensHistoryMonth 
I think you look hotter now than ever before!
Yaaas! That’s OUR Timmons Ontario girl right there! Doesn’t matter what small town you’re from, country is country!
Can’t wait to see you Hun in Manchester UK
Happy W.'s day Q. !!!

True! I make a review about his last CD and remember the other review ... and know all about Shanias life!!! Is a great and absolutely wonderful singer!!! Go Shania!!!!!
Of course, Because you are and always will be the ONE! Awesomeness always 
congratulations!
Queen!
April 6th, 10 bucks at the track
@EddieTwoTone and I were just talking about this imposter's billboard the other day
Let’s go and throw red paint on her so she can never sin again
@Joylogan98
Our gallll
Forever making road trips better
Wish she would come to the #HoustonRodeo
Congratulations
'Now' is a wonderful piece @ShaniaTwain ! Congrats. 
She is so HOTTT
Congrats!  Hard work and perseverance...you earned that title! 



Shear perfection Hun x
And the most gorgeous one of course!!! 
I got a CD in my car
Has any other recording artist IN HISTORY had a album debut at #1 after 15   years without any new music other than SHANIA TWAIN ???. Not that I can recall.
She is so good and has such charisma, I’m seeing her in London, even not bringing out new music for about ten years and still has sold more records than anyone else says all you need to know she is brilliant 
You are an awesome singer/ songwriter and story teller.
See you in Austin with my customized shirt!
We knew that...lol
I love you.
The artist number one of the world. 

Not to shabby for a girl that loved to hunt with her step Dad for supper, sometimes, only had bread and mustard sandwiches and many times had no lunch to take to school!  Contrary to the lyrics of one of her great songs, that does impress me much!  Congratulations, well deserved!
!00 million!  That's a lot of plastic boy's and girl's!
It's your prerogative to have a Lot of Fun!  
Beautiful
You ré still the one.....my favorite @ShaniaTwain
G. O. A. T.  !
May God Bless You Some More, Eileen Dear !!!!!
This impresses me MUCH!
Você precisa fazer um concerto em São Paulo! Ou em Curitiba! Beijos pra você! 

Francine
Hello
my queen
Shania is a pioneer always branding herself in a unique way ! See you on July 6 in Toronto
SLAY! Queen Shania no one will ever outsell her.
You're welcome. You earned it.
Agust please! 
Yessss! Love you so much @ShaniaTwain ! Your so amazing and I can't wait to see you this summer on tour! 
I bought the CD NEXT to a friend. Dest frown.
But then came a great, super over her lips.
Don't Be Stupid!  And From This Moment On...my favorites!
Awesome!
My girlie shading the country industry. We been knew they are crap but you outsold.
Best selling female too!!!
Incredible! Perfect!
Pleeeeeeease come to C2C!!!  love you 
No one cares about me tho @nickjonas @joejonas
Legend
Can't beat that ! Kelly 
Hey @ShaniaTwain 
We need a concert in São Paulo too  pleaseeeeee
Siiiim
Hello, I would like to know if you will do more shows in Brazil.

Do you want to learn Portuguese?

Kisses from Brazil! 

I love you
A FunFact... I think not!
It’s #AFACT!
#WomensHistoryMonth  #Shaniaforeverandalways 
Does dolly have the same record ?
MY queen
@UMPG Impressive! Hope your #ShaniaNOW Touring Band includes all 7 members from the RTC Tour! They were awesome together.

that impresses me much!
You're Still the One!
I Admire you! 
Best-Selling Country Album(tied)
Best-Selling Female Country Album
Best-Selling Single-Disc Country Album
Best-Selling Album of All-Time by a Solo Female Artist
6 Best-Selling Album of All-Time
Best-Selling Country Album Worldwide (40 M)
100 M Total Albums Sold Worldwide. 
The Woman In Me, Come On Overand UP! have all sold over 10 million copies. Shania is the only artist in history with three albums that have sales of 10 million copies each.
I Admire you @ShaniaTwain 
Then and #NOW 
LOVE her. I wanna meet her!
Yum yum
My father says that too 
The best 
So beautiful and so talented! I love your music
Queen-history-year !!!!
Already knew that 
Went to get meet and greets for Tampa show and they are sold out! Err!!! Looking st what Tix are still available...hugs!
I don’t like country but back then we were all singing this song, 
Awesome,Shania you're still the one, simply put the Best ever.
A great accomplishment for a great woman, a great Canadian! Congrats!
Bravo bravo 
Not surprised. So glad the NICU nurses played your music after I was born-- been listening to you since. Proud to call you my inspiration.  (One of them! )
Like everyone didn’t already know. It’s Shania Twain for crying out loud
We love you so much queen
I’m so glad my parents played your music around the house while I was growing up  Your music is something we have been able to bond over for almost 25 years! Can’t wait to see you in Toronto
Mais do que merecido!
So Beautiful.....
Still one of the most beautiful women alive.
Yasss queen!! See you in London!!
She’s the best!!!!
I'd smash her cupcake, lol!
God Bless You, Shania.
"You're still the one"
There is not now or will probably ever be another artist that I can honestly say I listen to every single day and I can’t imagine a time when that won’t be true!! Please never stop making music 
That impresses me very much
Wow!  Sales have to be more than earthly?  She is hitting all the planets too! Aliens loving some Shania!
My mom still watches the #UP concert DVD that I got for her YEARS ago. I hope I have the opportunity to see you live one day. She started listening to you after stealing MY #ComeOnOver CD when I was in middle school. She never liked country before that, now she's all about it.
I can't wait to see you in brazil my queen 
Love u
YES YOU ARE!
She's will always be the best artist (male or female) in the entirety of music history, in my books! 
THATS MY GIRL 
Can’t wait to see you in Brazil!!!
You’re the best!!!
SHABAT SHALOM FROM ME 2U FROM ISRAEL! HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND! LOVE YOUR MUSIC!
Stanning a true legend
emoji queen
How are tour rehearsals coming along? Any surprises planned for the set-list?
Yes icon SLAYYYY

Hell yes you are!
HI QUEEN
Hi king samba. Samba nude Queen. Love you.
