So early in the morning?!?
John Travolta couldn't have gotten a  more beautiful lady like Shania for this movie.
I cannot wait to see it!  I love you both!
We all thank him as well...for giving us another venue to see YOU !  I sat four seats from him and his family at your UP! Concert..Tampa...15 yrs ago.
You are a movie star now! You're amazing: sing, dance and acting! God bless you forever!
@paulads59
She is smoking HOT

Awsome
<3 http://www.bcsportfishingguides.ca  loves you
Oh my
Can't wait to see this movie Shania. You really are smoking hot 
I'm anxious,girl many talents


Gorgeous
Can not wait!!!!
The world needs to see this movie...NOW! 
HHHHHHHHHHHHM I don't think I will
...I think you will 
We  our  Shania!
I will, to avoid being blocked, lol !!!!
Life’s about to get good
Sure, I won't love it , guess ?
Wonderful Queen ! 
I can't wait! 
Today is my Birthday!
Hugs from Argentina!
 I love you!
Thanks for your Music!
Tantissimi Auguri!!! 
That’s too cool!! So glad to see you back in the limelight! #AlwaysBeenAFan! U got this gurl, we love you for YOU!!!!
Laugh, when another weep !!!!
Awesome
Can’t wait to see the movie, change the ONJ (Olivia Newton John)... & Shania gorgeous
Looks rubbish I wont be watching it......heard the story line is fickle
love me some shania!!!!!!!!!!!!! classy lady!
I can't wait.
Oh I agree now John's(xxoo) knows about me as well so there's no reason why you should be alone though now my (I might get another Muscle Car good for a drive up to Timmins) heart appears your shelter, my arms your home, cudles!
That is awesome
We're super excited too

You're so excited to your Now Tour & am excited to see that picture !!!!
Shania, we all are so excited to see this new movie. You are an inspiration to many so many woman. Thank you!!
can't wait to see this movie i love Shania and john woo.

Shania can't wait tsee ya in phillyo

I can't wait it !
Cant wait to see it 
I think you're smokin hot also
Enjoy : )) (( :

A must see movie.... 
Great talent beautiful
Spot on Shania  
Looking forward to see Trading Paint  #Movie#TradingPaint#Popcorn#FastCars#ShaniaTwain =
Totally Hygge 
Love John
YOU ARE SO CUTE OMG IM SO EXCITED TO SEE THIS MOVIE
When does the movie come out??
 You were my first girl crush!  Well Still are 
You look so gorgeous on the footage that we have seen so far. I'm definitely going to watch this one 
Queen of my life!!!!
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeess !!!!
omg this is amazing!!! can't wait to see it
IM SO EXCITED
SO EXCITED TO WATCH YOU IN THIS
I can’t wait to see this! Hopefully we will see you doing some more acting too! #tradingpaint
So the film's definitely still coming out then  We were worried since nobody had spoken about it in ages
Where and when can we see this
I cannot wait to see this! You can do anything Queen!
Does this have a release date yet?
Nothing wrong with that
Attend my wedding please???
Can’t wait to go see it!
