Good morning shania

How quickly they forget!
Love you shania and  trump !
ебать себя
Please translate to English
Freddie understands it... it's Russian!
I understand...lol
Yesss
So disappointed in u, no longer a fan wish you wouldn't have said anything but to apologize I'm done with ur music & U. But being a Christian best of luck to u.BTW I wish entertainers would stay out of politics it there to entertain,like Dolly, Reba, Taylor
You were never a fan.
Shania, u r the real deal of country music legends.
Sad u folded to Liberal facists.  You made a big.mistake because your fans are 90% country and 80% of those support our President.  Take a stand or never say anything.  U are making it worse. I,won't listen to u ever again.  Nothing in common w the man helping th forgotten people
You sound just like them. She’s got bullied into apologizing, now she’s getting bullied because she apologized. You people need shut up and leave her alone.
Good Morning
Shania Twain in a rose dress !!!!!
We are here! Are you ready to rock this country?!? #theboyintheleopardprinthat
OMG I saw you on screen singing Im Alright! Hahaha
You were really feeling it man. Im so jealous 
Yes! Lol we had to rock out!
Shes coming to Brazil on August and Im so excited to see her 
Followed you for years but keep out of American politics
Wish i was there Shania. But watching & taping the show. Wow you look so beautiful! Thank you for being you!
You sex machina :>
I FORGOT TO WATCH DANG IT I WAS ASLEEP

Lol. The survey's highest rated response = "please do."
Good morning Shania from Jim from Australia
Yeeeeeah!
Not watching!
Can’t wait to see you in the summer in NYC
MAGA
https://youtu.be/ZJL4UGSbeFg 

theBEST thing abt BEIN aWOMAN .....
I will be watching!
You don’t impress me much.
A-hole Twain !
I will proudly listen to the old Shania. This one you've become not so much. You caved to a bunch of bully socialists who are trying to take the freedoms from the very people who support you and you caved to socialism facsist bullies!
Yet people are still bullying her for apologizing...
I can hear your thoughts, you dirty, kinky and nasty wiman! "I don't have weak potions, only strong" Really Shania? They all say the same, won't get fooled again.
Good luck!
Good bye Shania, Mutt was right about leaving you. Maybe Melania could get some advice from him.
Sorry I missed you on there
I wish I was there!
But will you wear your MAGA hat tho?
we should all be so darn lucky :)
have missed you.
Bom dia.
Can you gonna getcha me? 
Good morning my Diva Have a great day and week #ShaniaTODAY
You GO Shania!!! Awesomeness!!!
Good morning dear Shania! Have a great week nd monday!!
You are so FUCKING beautiful and smart and talented and I really love your SMILE more than you'll ever know my FRIEND.!!!!!!!!!!
You'll be wonderful...
Be safe today and everyday my FRIEND...
I LOVE YOU ♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
You already got us sooo good Queen! Keep slayin! #ShaniaTODAY
You deserve all of the happiness in the world, kiddo.
@ShaniaTwain0002 Be yourself Shania. Don’t let them rope you hard to the left... Good luck!
I am so excited! Queen rockin’ NYC #ShaniaTODAY
We’re so ready 

Good morning @ShaniaTwain 
#LetsGoGirl #ShaniaTODAY #ShaniaNOW
Will you knock on wood?
So that’s 2 songs we now know you’ll be performing!!  
Success Queen!
Let's go girl! #ShaniaNOW #ShaniaTODAY 
We love you! Hugs
Good morning! 
Oh my god
Good Morning beautiful Shania Twain
GOOD MORNING BABYYY
Good morning Queen! Have a good time 
Good morning Shania! Have an amazing #ShaniaTODAY time!!
It's my 40th bday too
Cant wait!
Mornin LovelyHave a Wonderful Day
Good Morning Shania!
Ever the sweet Angel Love from UK :) Are you ever coming back ?
Good Morning from Ireland 
You already got us ST.
Been in line since 3am
I’m cold
Good Morning from the UK x
Good morning doll! I’m here in California!
Yesssssss been waiting since 3am and we are ready!!!!
1st in line
Morning Shania! I’m SO excited! 
Fabulous! We are ready!
Can’t wait to be got good by you soon!!
