For those who say WE don’t like you anymore. Speak for yourself i still love her. I’m still looking forward to her tour and i seriously can’t wait anymore 
You don't owe anyone an apology, there are many who voted for the winning candidate. It's OK or it should be..........MOB RULE , leave her be and anyone else who has a mind of there own and think for themselves.

 #ShaniaNOW
typo  with you...
#ShaniaBYE Fuck off, lady. - - Sane America
Shania Twain,
You like Trump's honesty?
Like that he was honest about being a serial sexual assaulter? 
#GrabEmByThePussy
Just cancel the whole tour and quit the industry cuz no one likes u anymore
No one's gonna show up hun
Leave with your hate. Shania doesn’t need it!
Your audience will be all racists and haters. Welcome to Trumpville
Shania who?

I’ve always thought Shania Twain was vapid. 

Her quote on why she would have voted for Trump pretty much nails that case shut. 
Trump? Really ? Goodbye forever.
Hillary voter? Seriously? You hoped for more war and turmoil in the world?
This photo is how I felt when Shania said she would have voted for trump.

As a woman, I'm ashamed.

He is a man who delights in degrading women publicly.
He mocks the handicapped. He was a draft dodger.
He said a POW was a loser. He cheats.
He lies. 

Shameful & Very telling.


Shania Twain says she would have voted for Trump despite his offensive comments https://susanorji.blog/2018/04/22/shania-twain-says-she-would-have-voted-for-trump-despite-his-offensive-comments/ … via @suzdick

Seriously? Trump is HONEST? Keep to singing and looking pretty sweetheart. Cuz you've got shit for brains.
Shania in 2018: I would have voted for President Trump because he seemed so honest.

Shania in 1948: I would have voted for Chancellor Hitler because he just seemed like a gosh-darned big-hearted guy who wanted to help the people. Well, the right people.
#ShaniaTwainCancelled


You don't impress me much.
Go do our research on Shania. And leave your hate comments to yourself.
You smell that stench? That is your passive aggressive BS.

You don't impress me much either. 

Now I know why you've become so irrelevant because you're stupid enough to say you think Trump is honest because he's rude. Stay out of politics and mind your own business up there in Canada you have no clue what you're talking about.
I’ve got beautiful butterflies flying around in my stomach creating happy feelings just thinking about your concerts. Your first announcement of your NOW Tour in North America and Canada led us to book our first trip to Canada and to see you in concert there I’m so thankful
Good morning beautiful
....a staircase to nowhere...That’s gonna be some hardcore cardio @ShaniaTwain  ! #ShaniaNow

Omg this excitement is too bearable I can’t wait for #ShaniaNOW #shaniatour #JUNE #texas
Sweet
Take good care of yourself on tour .... well always!!  
Eye of the Tiger
Why you laying down?
When I grow up to be a bad ass BITCH I hope I'm a lot like you!!!!!!!!!!
Looks like it’s gonna be an interesting show...
Shania, Im sure it takes a lot of energy out of you doing these rehearsals and your voice. But we know the "NOW" tour will be amazing just like you!
I love me a dramatic staircase
What are you doing there, queen? You really funny & amazing, I love this shot so much, lol !!!!
What’s this  The dying Fly xxx Your still the No 1 Hun x
I'm counting the days to see you in Barretos, Brasil.
I hope you fine queen , lol !!!!
I cant wait for the show! I went to the Rock this country tour and loved it!!!
morning(xxoo) baby hope your having a good day and that (my heart your shelter, my arms your home) everything's going your way, cudles!
Get down girl
THOSE STAIRS OMF THE HIPPPPP
Two more weeks till I get to see you in Vancouver!
...and still working hard at it! #ShaniaNOW
#ShaniaNOWinParisPlease 
It's really happening... A new album tour  Waited since the day I walked out of the Up! Tour opening night in Hamilton. So excited to see you on #NOWTour in Hamilton & Toronto with my twin, @chelsealouanne! 
Awesome follow me on here
Philadelphia waits for u, queen. 
Best wishes
As it is correct to say, the person in music in the place, imagine if it became for example the Doctor, the world would lose the great singer...
I so can't wait 
Gotta show some legs this time around, Ms. Shania, you have a great pair
25 year's ago this young lady was born. Born to become the best selling country pop artist of all time, and is still going strong.
@ShaniaTwain great! Can't wait to see you in Boston, London and Munich 
We’ll have so much fun in Brazil... I can’t wait. 4 months only.
I'm confused, is there a runway? The US seating map shows a regular end stage with no runway but the UK seating map has an end stage with a runway
They took the runway off. Not every city has been updated on ticket master with the B stage. At least for the North American Leg.
Thank you for responding. I'm kind of gutted there's no runway but at least the seats for my show are right next to the b stage
Tell me about it. I had seats next to runway for two shows. I’ve never been mad at shania before  but I’m over it.
 #ShaniaNOW
Cant wait till September in Denmark 
You rock Shania!!!
Can't wait Can't wait!!! See you in Bonny Scotland Shania 
Cute,,chillin like a villain
Is she ok?
soooo cant wait

Reina sólo hay una
La única y la mejor! The one and only #ShaniaTwain ! 
Love this shot, so much !!!!!
Omg! Cant wait!!
You are so good to us! We love you for your time and efforts to prepare for this tour! See you soon!
Lazy...lol
Looks like someone may have been 

Singin, with her eyes closed.
Then she laid down
And dozed.

Siingin!
I love you Shania Twain beautiful wonderfull
I'm anxious to start  tour #ShaniaNOW
#ShaniaTwain
#ShaniaTwainTour
#ShaniaInBrazil
I can't wait it! 
We Love you! 
You're still the one!
Go girl 
Enjoy xx go Shania xx
can’t wait to see you xx
STAIRS
WIFGGGGGG
That looks like rehearsal footage there Shania I believe
I can't wait for June 16th to see you!!!
@paulads59
Poderia ter aqui isso tbm
Verdade
Ahahahaaha rashey do gif me passa no whats ahahah
Looking forward to seeing you in September !!
@JessPasquale98  omggg
Oh my god!!!!
I can’t wait to see u in Brazil. 

Laying down on the job 
Je ne peux pas attendre !!!! Vivement Londres !!? #ShaniaNOW
I love u so much
EXCITED WOULD BE AN UNDERSTATEMENT
Hiiii Shania! See you soon! 
If you wanna touch her, ask?
YES QUEEN WORK IT!!! so excited to see you 
SKINNY
