Trump is our best President!  He gave tax cuts for the poor and is eliminating human trafficking worldwide! @DonaldTrump
This tweet has zero to do with President Piss on me. This is a tweet mourning Canadian lives lost. Keep your politics out of it.
YOU ARE EVERY THING WRONG WITH THE WORLD
Did you think writing it in caps would make it true? Screw off troll. Your Trump comments aren't wanted here.
Thinking of you @ShaniaTwain  in how special you are.
WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH QUEEN! 
You are that most beautiful and brilliant star of the sky.
That star that brings brightness to our eyes.
You are that star that despite the sadness never ceases to shine
You are our Star @ShaniaTwain that will always be shining for us. #
 #IstandwithShaniaTwain
So sorry!! This is just one of the saddest tragedies that take place today! America is with you all.
No some of us in America are not with Shania...
Sad!! Bc Toronto had a major tragedy yesterday and if your not with them, maybe just don’t go on her page or mine! Being a mean spirited person, not needed right now. Try being a nice human for a change
Shania was quick 2 endorse a racist lying Prez quick 2 apologize 4 her TRUE belief like a coward but yet no sympathy tweet about kids gunned down in America! where she's trying 2 sell tix! shes a HUGE disappointment
I'm a big fan see u in philly
Which part of Philly ? East Falls ?
Your a Trump supporter
*you’re - but it’s irrelevant to this post!


I CAN’T WAIT TO SEE U IN BRAZIL. 
you are strange people, she expresses her condolences to the victims in Toronto, and you with your confessions of love are out of place
Toronto mourn with you
don't judge
I'm not a judge, it was just my opinion, everyone has a view of the world
If you feel pain means you're alive
If you feel someone else's pain, then you are a man
You were making sense until the last line.
we missed you
even though it was a day. STILL.
 hi Shania! We all love you and support you! 
Yes we do.
Love you Queen 
I love you Shania

Love you Shania. We're all here with you, by your side.
Shania.
SKINNY LEGEND I LOVE YOU
God knows how eager i am to see you in august in brazil; a dream that will soon be realized, we will give you all the affection and love that you deserve  i love you 

 #WeStandWithShaniaTwain
Yes please go to Brazil...pronto
Prayers for Toronto and love and support for you Queen 
Shania we support you in America !!! don't let these angry liberals get to you. They hate Donald Trump so much that they would rather see a liar like Hillary Clinton in the White House. Keep singing you're the best
Prayers for Toronto! 
I love you @ShaniaTwain
#IstandwithShaniaTwain
 Thinking of Toronto too 
We are to visit Canada for our first time this summer and staying in Toronto too and r coming to your concert there as well.
We’re looking forward to both.
#PrayersForToronto 
#WeStandWithShaniaTwain 
Love from Meli, Denmark 
Curious what she did that was racist?
Im thinking about how i have zero respect for you an thats sad. Why would you apologize for something you feel or would have done? Wtf is going on when people allow themselves to be bullied into group think no one has any dignity or respect left when they let others control them
Do not be intimidated by socialist strongarmimg
Prayers sent to the families of the victims...such a tragedy.
Sending all the love and support for the victim's of the ofal tragic loss. Hope the family's of the victim's know were here to support them. Sending much. Love to you all. Thanks Shania...
Awesome Shania Twain
I Love you Shania Twain, beautiful wonderfull
You have a heart of gold, and make me proud to be Canadian. 
Ilyyyyyyyyy
Bad people don’t need guns. A good man with a pistol might have saved lives. Here in Kentucky are all packing.
WE LOVE YOU SHANIA!

we love you and support you no matter what queen
Open borders. Canada will be like Germany and France in less than a year. What a shame to such a peaceful country
Love you Queen! 
thank you for posting this Shania 
Thank you Shania. Canada loves you.
Sending prayers
Love you shania sad to see horrible acts of violence .
I LOVE YOU


Love you 
You're bought. What tiny bit of a career you got going is more important than speaking the truth. How does it feel to be a slave to the left?
...what does that have to do with the tragedy in Toronto, or Shania offering her condolences? How is it political? o.O
The Toronto tragedy was political. It stems from it. Besides, apart from that, I made that post political. Welcome to Twitter
Well, actually, you tried to. Which was in astonishingly poor taste. Well done 
I got my point across
Have you tried making relevant or decent points? Especially since her offering condolences to Toronto victims has nothing to do with her miscommunication about Trump?
Your most loyal fans will always be by your side, regardless of what others decide to brand you as 
Did your pal Donald say anything yet now that there was no Islam terror? My guess is nahh
Thinking of Toronto are used to have five restaurants here you would not be welcome in my restaurants going against trump like that
Shania WE LOVE YOU!
Finally realized this after Americans wasn't thinking about you. That's right think about the sissy prime minister Justin and humankind.
Thx We need all d thoughts & love we can get. Love u Shania... #TorontoStrong
Love you Shania
You’re the best!!!
QUEEN
can’t wait to see you in LA 
I want action
All those entering CANADA that are suspected of extremist views or not responsibly vetted should be repatriated immediately
Amen. Praying for you all.
Lady(xxoo) Bond, Cudles!
Thinking of you too!  Hang in there
So sad, half my family lives there 
That’s the most beautiful pilot I have seen!
Thinking of you my Queen!!! See you in Toronto 
CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU IN TORONTO 
Mon coeur à Toronto, et mon âme à Nashville!!!
She is buying bots to support her
Thank you 
We love you  in Florida

Thinking of you Shania
.
Dont we all do that.... ?????
that was sad

Bonjour and thinking of meeting you one day!
Shania,, are you okay???
I love you my friend♡♡♡
None of what's happened these last few days is your fault. 
You're the reason it will all get better.
I believe in you.
We all do!!!
YOU are the 10th BEACON OF LIGHT AND HOPE AND LOVE!!!!!!!!!!
And me thinking of you here in Brazil, August 18. My Queen! 
@paulads59
TE AMOOOO
i know your from Medicine Hat,i think,but im sure you have contacts in Toronto,too,im thinking of all you guys,
All your CDs are shattered and in the trash wanting to be picked up. If you don't respect yourself as a woman, and think discrimination of any kind is OK, you deserve no support. Bye Felicia! #DontBuyShaniaTwainCDDVD
You won’t be missed #FakeFan

Otherwise i am a Lighting Designer for buildings & worked with Consulting engineers & iam fairly a good technical coordinator
L
Wow....Shania....always been a fan of not only your talent but your love for family and relation ships.......but your apology was very disappointing..... your strength that got you where you are today was disarmed by a bunch of haters.....
Shut the PHUCC up Shania
Doubt it. You're likely thinking about how to put good spin on  your gushing support of a racist and misogynist. How dumb do you think Torontonians are @ShaniaTwain  ??
You've submitted to the clueless MOB.
TRUMP 2020!!!!!!
NEVER SAY SORRY TO LIBERALS!!!
YOU ARE FREE TO SAY YOU WOULD HAVE VOTED FOR TRUMP!!!
Good thing bc America is wont be thinking of you anymore. Caving to a bunch of racists is embarrassing
You made a big mistake Shania, you should have stuck with your original statement. It would have been a rough couple of days, but you would have ended up with a lot of conservative support. Liberals will not sustain you, you are just another temporary victory. No loyalty there.
Just leave Shania, you disrespected Trump supporters with your Apology. You are nothing more than a presstitute that needs constant positive attention to remain relevant.
Coward
Don’t you go apologizing now! Don’t you do it...Shania
Are you sure? Or are you going to retract this statement tomorrow and tell us how you really feel?
Now is your chance to help a fellow music artist!!
Do you have the strength and courage as a strong women?
Call it what it is...it was a #TerroristAttack
That’s so nice of you Shania. You take the USs millions.Then you turn your back on them you’re a heck of a girl wait till the next time you play Texas or Vegas. You may have to give the tickets away
How could you support someone that has ZERO Respect for You and Your Entire Gender? Obviously you like being disrespected! 
Me too live near Toronto and it breaks my heart  that someone would do this. I don’t understand why these people do theses things. Get help. Talk to someone don’t go around and hurt someone else or take there lives. They have done nothing to you. .
Glad u live in Canada, loaded with illegals, so shutup about anything concerning our president. We don't want Canada's demographics.
Go vote for Trump the Racist,misogynist,bigot sorry ass excuse for a human being.
You obviously don’t have a clue as to how people have been affected by his racist comments.
What a awful thing to happen to the people of Toronto. Thoughts and prayers 
wtf
Prayers from Florida to all those in Toronto, especially those who lost loved one.
I was going to visit Canada, but then people said that America was better, so I decided not to go. 

Sorry America, Canada’s views don’t represent me as a person.
Your hypocrite

#PrayForToronto 
This is the world Donald Trump created. White supremacists feel empowered to massacre those they feel wronged them. Yet, you find him "honest" 

#ShaniaTwainIsOverParty
These current events are so sad. Such travesties to mankind. Immoral and unethical acts. Sending .
What a hard month. Love to see all the support 
Go away!! Trumpster
Love you 
Wished she had voted for...
Thinking of u Toronto
Wat a disaster
Love you so much!
Love u
