One of my very favorite songs. 
@miragoto She's so #Sassy!!!! #HappyValentinesDay 
Lol I love the sass!
YASS!!!!!! So tell me when you get the Chance to sing with @ShaniaTwain which song will you choose?!   #letsmakethishappen  #llarmy 
#BecauseOfYou or
#StillTheOne 
What she said... LOL!!!!!
Roses come in a multitude of colors...
Just to make it clear, you're as beautiful as a Roses
For sure!
This is wonderful
@benwigz @slytherrrin
Omg. Your so Beautiful
This is a good song!
All we know that  you're that red rose !!!!!

My jammm. Who's the man in what made you say that video?

Happy Rose & Hearts Day Love You To The Moon And Back...
I love the red rose !!!!
Love this
I do love your music and I have the DVD of when you were in Las vegas
Love it! Love it! Love it! @ShaniaTwain You're simply rock!
I never have to skip a song on any of Shania’s albums.
Love this song and it sounds great when performed live in concert.Can't wait to see u in Australia in December in Sydney.
Happy Valentine Red Roses!!!
Love Shaina twaina
My wife & I have been in for love for 41 years. 
I second that @ShaniaTwain ! Hope you and your hubby enjoy this, and many more red rose's Super Happy Valentines Days Together!

Forever And For Always!

Stay Sassy, Classy, Bad Assy, and Not Afraid to Keep Kickin Ass!!!!!
Still a fave of mine. Watch it when I wanna smile
I would love to record your music
Cool
@ShaniaTwain
Fabulous #lovingthis
Wow that was a while back you have not changed much your even more beautiful now!
g[

That song is great
And so are you.
Ya look starved back then Shania
If you’re not...in it for love 
If you're NOT in it for love, I'm outta hereeeeee 
Happy Valentines Day, Shania! 
Love  it!!!
Roses are red violets are blue did you know that I love you? 
Shania
lindíssima falou tudo
Love this song!!!!!
Love this song!!
Happy Valentine's Day Shania Love you much Country Girl from one  canadian to another
Taste of Country, From this Moment on ! Your still the one ! 
Happy Valentine's day beautiful I'm still waiting for my tickets to your show in Chicago in May please send soon
What an incredible Talent
love you shania
Happy Valentines Day to you dear lovely friend 
Yes!! My favorite version of this song!!  Love the sass and confidence!
Happy Valentine's Day to my favorite country singer Shania Twain
@Darrenmcg4!!!
Qqqwweeeeeeennnnnn.
Go!!!!!!! @ShaniaTwain 
Honestly have such a crush on you since I was like five years old jamming to you on my CD player!!! Have the best Valentine's Day. 
Happy Valentine’s Day
BEST e-card  Shania Twain: Telling you like it is since 1993.  #AnyManOfMineBetterLISTENTOSHANIA 
Happy Valentine's Day @ShaniaTwain ! Hugs from Argentina!
You have people worldwide who love to say...Happy Valentines Day !!!! To Our Shania !!!  By the way ...what a Great video that was...and  is !!!... great dancers....and look at You move !!!..... Dont  you ever be .."outta here" !!!! WE Need You and Your music !!!

Happy velantine dear Shania
I've probably drummed on a few pots in my kitchen with a wooden spoon to this beat over the years.  
Happy Valentines Day 
MELHOR VERSÃO AMORE
@kyjelly32
@sky__isthelimit THE MOST UNDERRATED SHANIA SONG
Shania in general is underrated. There is no bad songs
 Happy Valentines Day 
My favorite rose color, is red !!!! lol !
I love this beyond words 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!! endless amounts of love to you always 
@KacyRowley
I love u

ICONIC
..."Let me make it clear
To you my dear"...
 Shania
Thanks for Sharing love it love it..it came across loud and clear.
Happy Valentine’s day! Love that song  I hope you’ll play it on the #NOWtour
Happy Valentines Day  My Queen
Shania
Happy valentines
Wow !!!!! I will stay here till you're happy !!!!
love the song, love you just one thing (not for me) but for a desperate mom a re tweet

IF I HAVE TO MAKE IT CLEAR NO DENGER IN GODS HOLY DAY, SO WE MIGHT NOT BE NEEDING THEM ROSES BUT ANGELINA JOLI IS A QUEEN AND I NEED HER LIKE MY WIFE OF HONEY AND MILK  #CANXUX
Let me make THIS clear! 
I miss you so much

That’s the Rock version.. where the Country version at?? There’s a piano missing and a violin I believe.  
Omg I love you

to you my dear.. if you‘re not in it for love, i‘m outta here 
I am going to see you in September 2018 in the UK with my gal...looking forward to a great show we have waited nearly 15 years to see you.
It has always been and will always be.
Exactly!!! Dont let them think otherwise  Happy Valentines Day 
Complete and beautiful nostalgia.
#HappyValentinesDay 
Roses are red
Let me make it clear...
I'd invite you to dinner, 
If you ever come here...
Happy Valentine’s Day Queen! 
Exelente cancion 
Love this video! You sure did know how to market yourself.
QUEEN 
Happy #ValentinesDay Shania! 
THIS IS ICONIC
MY JAM 
Happy Valentines Day to you Shania,
My favorite song. Fingers crossed  it will be in the #nowtour
That’s right
happy valentine’s day legend 
so pretty
wait this is an iconic tweet
love you queen
I LOVE THIS PUN OMG
