I WISH I COULD TELL U I'M GOIN TO 1 OF YOUR COMIN UP CONCERTS, SO I can FINALLY GET TO MEET YA AFTER 27YRS OF HOPIN NIN I COULD JUST SOMEHOW BE BLESSED ENOUGH TO RUN INTO YOU IN PUBLIC! OH, N U WOULDN'T HAVE TO BE ALL "OMG SERIOUSLY" @ShaniaTwain ,AS I'M NOT LIKE MOST FOLKS
I wish you could meet Shania too Victoria I know how much it would mean to you.
Hannah, What do you think of this song for Shania?
It sounds like a good song. Shania likes to write her own usually.
This is a brilliant song , and says a lot where I am at now.  And makes me think of a trinity in my life.   The whole album is great.  Thank you.
Hey Kim, what do you think of this for Shania?
Very good.   Enjoyed it.  Thank you for sharing.
Up 
Up
Up and? Ianxxx.
Hi my darlin Rick Ian saying come on babe
2U‍♾
M¥ €∆NK
I cry with this song. It's really beatiful we love you
What's the meaning of this song? 
She is talking about her v***e and her t****t overall
Beautiful
How would this one work for her?
Don't you know it's dark outside #direstraits
Only if I look....then, the tree never fell! Hey, how about this song for Shania?
"were" or "still"¿¿¿¿????
Ï
€RDRî€
Happy Valentine's Day .
I just want  to Kno...

‍°€  ∆£W∆¥Z  B€N.... 

D   4€R

∆££ M¥

∆£i€¢H€ $H∆£
Want to know??
Giiiiirl
You'll always be the one!
Joanne's impact?
Good morning Shania I love you too Shawn
What a beautiful quote 
Saw you in Adelaide in the past can’t wait for your return to see you perform once again the best songs ever
I Wanna go with you!
You should do a visual album. All the songs are wonderful and would love to see videos for all of them! 
Know !!!!
very nice  very nice my dearest
Headed to the Grammy's with my song and you!
Mad= Mutual assured destruction
Nowadays, I imagine more kindness from sun, sea, wind and plants...
And I want you to know
That you shouldn't be sad
Cause very deep is where I'll keep your every word
Locked in my heart...
Your fans loves you Shania Twain! Your music touch our hearts you are the Queen of Country Music always be my beautiful favorite singer
I wanna go with you can I come too?
I still wana know who could handle three kisses from you and still function.   Seriously. "I kiss you once. I kiss you twice." 99% of the worlds population would go into a coma from sensory overload. #TrueStory
Back at you superstar cutie#still the one#from this moment as long  as i live i will love you,i promise you this.........wink
Your loved too
Shania Twain Infamy, best Country Pop 
Nowhere. I am just going to sit right here till you come and get me. If I came to you that would be stalking! If I wait for you, that makes it OK.
Love your new music! I would love a new video!!
My favorite song !! 
thanks for the lyrics (I understood "will" love like mad... 
...hopefully to at least one of your #ShaniaNOW tour dates! Would be too cool to meet you by chance...! 
Thanks
See ya in Philly can we get meet n hreet
Your the best
Whoever perceives  in himself this kind of divine spark that is the artistic vocation of a musician warms at the same time the obligation...
braska Parents usta ask their kids that question - you made it a song Shania
Couldn't have fooled me into thinking otherwise ...

To Prague. See you there on October 6 
One the best
Is “to hopefully meet my idol” the correct answer? 
Where you are we will be! Your music is a bridge to our hearts! Thanks for making our days better! We Love you! 
This needs to be the main soundtrack to the next James Bond movie. It’s that good. #makeithappenShania
"I wish you the best
Oh, I hope you have it all"
2u or u2 I don't remember the group made by Bono !!!! I love this group !!!!
Follow me
That's how you should have been loved your whole life and still, my queen. 
#Love #Quebec2018 #NowTour
Just finished my 5km walk with our dog and keep telling her Where do you think your going....and she said just stares back
To the beach, @ShaniaTwain , to the beach . Jk...one of the best lines on the album .
I think I'm going to the world's most incredible and wonderful singer show #ShaniaNOW
Just LOVE your answer @NeiaSTwain 
Thanks dear @mbachp 
Shania! Just thought you should know.. you're completely inspiring and stunning in every possible way!!
Good morning 
This song breaks my heart. It's so beautiful 
Cant wait to see you in June Shania. It's been to long since you were on tour. Hope you keep doing tours cause your an amazing singer, who has  brought a lot od tour fans together as friends. Thank you!
Tour to Indonesia please
I still have not heard back from you about that JOB, what's up?
Well lady, we have a date at the Tacoma Dome. On May 3rd. Can’t wait
One of the best lines on the entire album!
I wanna be with you can i come too? Love you Queen  forever and for always
New music video and tour in Brazil please
this song makes me cry
