Yes! Life's about to get good!!!
We are so ready! 
I can not believe I only have 4 days left, I'm excited and anxious, I can not wait to start your tour.
OMG, Shania's beautiful heart !!!!
We are anxious and open-hearted waiting for your tour here in Brazil. #ShaniaInBrazil #ShaniaEmBarretos

I can't believe it's been a year already either. So pumped for your tour!! See you in NYC soon.
You make me happy and make me smile  Thanks @ShaniaTwain  
I’m so excited for you and I simply can’t wait for your concerts in Toronto, Hamburg and Copenhagen 
It has been an amazing year and only getting better with the tour! I’ve never seen so excited for a tour! Cannot wait! See you soon Queen! 
@ShaniaTwain see you in august in brazil; a dream that will soon be realized, we will give you all the affection and love that you deserve  i love you 
TE AMOOOOOO 
I CANT WAIT TO SEE U IN BRAZIL 
I'm so excited! It will be the most wonderful day of my life! See you in Las Vegas! Thanks for your music! 
I already feel like I'm on the plane! 
#ShaniaNOW #ShaniaNOWTour
Time sure is flying by.... see u in 11 days! 
I'll be at your Vancouver show this Saturday!
Can't believe it's been a year since we heard Life's About To Get Good for the first time  
I can't wait to see you perform on the Today Show tomorrow. 
Yessss I was there and I’ll see u Thursday!!
I was just thinking about that!  can’t wait to see you finally 
I can't believe @Stagecoach was already a year ago... My #ShaniaNOW Tour starts in FOUR DAYS!  http://www.shaniatwain.com/tour 
SO EXCITED!!!!!
@markymark1723 all I want is her old stuff
Sameeeeee
Ready to see #shaniatwain in Vancouver! Coming from Mexico City
You're gonna rock the socks off every1 fortunate enough to get to see you live, N especially fortunate to get to meet ya! You're doing exactly what you're meant to be, N although I can never meet ya. I'm still very happy that you share your life and talents w/the! Shine on!
Yes my dear, life's about to get good, great  & funny, joy & happiness will be there too so  !!!!!
Your my fav on spotify!
Omgosh  Yasssss
Love  you my heart 
you have four days to announce a date in paris i believe in you i love you 
Beautiful Shania Twain
i want to see you in barretos bb :-/
Eu te amo
WOW!! Time really need to slow down 
WHERE IS THE SETLIST OF NOW TOUR????
https://www.facebook.com/pg/ShaniaTwain/events/ …
?

Ok, but where is the setlist of the songs???
Songs! Lol! 
Sorry! I thought I wanted the Show list! We are still waiting for the song list! sorry! 
Yes, I’m very excited to know which songs She will sing 
I love you and your courage and your songs are super maybe one day in Tampa to see you
Your always my fav
Can't wait to see you 
Do u have a drone operator to deliver healthy snacks and water while you're on tour?? While you're doing a quick change you could have some grapes lined up for munching while everyone surrounding you is helping u. I'd do it for free too. :)
BEAUTIFUL SONG
See you Saturday and Sunday.  Beyond excited xoxo
And that just made me realize..... I'm seeing you NEXT WEEK in concert! Can't believe a live long childhood dreams comes true next week!!! :D :D :D
Can’t wait for your tour to start @ShaniaTwain. My wife and I are postponing our anniversary celebration from May 1 to May 6 so we can finish off the evening with your concert in Vancouver!
Would love to come to your show but too expensive!
You win my love shania , that is my fav video of yours ! That leather !
You win my love is my fav video !
Shania your you win my love video is my fav !
Hi i tried my first real pencil scetch today.
SHANIA I'M SO SO EXCITED TO SEE YOU IN GLASGOW LIKE I'VE GROWN UP WITH YOUR MUSIC, THIS IS A DREAM
You’re still one hot mama!
Yabba-Dabba-Doo 
Oh my.  So excited to see you in Montreal!!!   Love watching you live. Xoxo
Love & Light! 
Time is going by so fast Shania. You looked amazing and sounded amazing at stagecoach. Cant wait for  31 more days so i can see you again
Go Shania!!
44 days until i see you!!!!
I Love you Shania Twain
I would love ta meet ya!! You've always been my idol!! I love all your songs!!
Looking forward to ziggodome Amsterdam in oktober.
Life’s about to get good in VANCOUVER next weekend. So excited!!!
how are you(xxoo) baby now try to make sure your costumes are light, my Seniors said to say and hope(some autographs for them would be fun) they can meet you when you get here, cudles
your wonderful singer shania
We love you Shania!
Tear 'em up! For Fred to give to you... ...with time enough to bleach them! 
Good morning
I’ll be there August 3rd with my brother for our birthday!
You look amazing  xxx
Beautiful Shania Twain i Love you
Have a blast, Shania!


Can’t wait!! And unofficial kickoff tomorrow! See you soon!
And still
That doesn't impress me much!! Too bad you can't think for yourself.....
So, Please leave her page. Bye
You are so great
Beautiful lady.....Money is not everything @ShaniaTwain  Some people can be happy living away from the lime light and on a moderate amount of money.....
I KNOW THAT YOU WILL PUT ON A GREAT SHOW!!!!
Good morning Shania, you rock.
Ho hum.....
Have fun Shania!! Blessings
Beautiful lady with a golden voice
I need to get a message to Shania before the Vancouver may 5-6 concert. Can you please tell me how? Thank you . Jenny
Better than ever! And so gorgeous!
BEAUTIFUL MUSIC
July 27 Pepsi center
Time maybe flying fer u...
Its dragon  round
ir€D @W∆ïn...
im@RK boom...
COM€>>>NOW...
2 ¥  hoodghetto W∆lf∆rt
∆$ u did 2yrs ∆G
U  *$i££ -n- ∆£W∆¥$*
I’ll be in Saskatoon May 13th with my sister Donna Hoffer - for her birthday on May 14th.
I love you and your music so much!! I really hope I can win tickets for your concert in Dallas, TX!! Your concert is on my birthday this year!
Shania Twain is a coward.   Not a fan anymore!!
Nice
You look amazing!!! Good luck on your tour
So sad I missed that show but I am going to Now tour in Tampa!
In the UK...
Shania you are so beautiful inside and out ... I love your music 
See you on 6/4.  Can't wait.
It sure is about to get good
post some wher eon twitter  map location where i live  hears phot of me and my mom at 45 Vinton street
See you in DC
You’re gonna flop!
Hahahahhaha 
I can’t believe you apologized for saying you would have voted for Trump. He may certainly have prevented a nuclear war. He will get over 60 million votes in 2020.
you but still torn as I cannot spend hard earned money for a trump supporter. He hates women..advice...don't get too close as he may "grab" you

I wish I had tickets for Edmonton  So bummed I didn't get any.
