Your hosting? Not watching you . Found another CD. Burned that one too.
You not watching will probably just ruin the whole night for her 
No I didn’t yet one fan can grow into many. Maybe you should check the Canadian news??? She well let’s say pissed off a lot of Canada. You see we believe our political figures should be honest. Let’s see I think the count is over 2000 lies for Trump.
Well I don’t follow Canadian news because I’m not Canadian and I doubt that Shania follows American news closely since she is not American, I think people totally misinterpreted what she was saying and I doubt that she had any idea how tribal and vicious American politics can be
I hope you realize that most people that listen to country music  lean to the conservative side. So sorry that the left liberals attached you, but you should always go with your gut/ first thoughts. Be strong .
What did they attach her to?
Yeah, I hate these auto correct spelling check things. The word was meant to be attack. Happy now? 
Very!
What do you say to the families of the shooting in Quebec??? Alexandre Bissonnette thinks Trump is The Man. Trumps Muslim tirades gave him the push to do it. Look it up if you don’t believe me.
So excited, just got my ticket, first time ever at CCMA's!
Count me out.
What I don’t get is you had a husband who well hurt you. Trump does that to women because he thinks he is above the law.
Please stop bothering!
So if you think Trump is “honest” “just” and a true leader then maybe you should move to the US and stay there. I fought and served my country to stop hate speech like that!!!
You can like who you like and she can like who she likes and the whole Twitter world can just get over it!!!
Lost a lot of respect for you today. Sad that you can't voice your opinion and stand behind it.
And you liked the response? Even more sad. Must be tough to live a life that way.
Yes I got that dumbo
so why say she liked the response no logic are you 7 years old
Maybe you should go stand in a front line and get shot at. You may change your mind. Trump is a habitual lier. A sexual predator and a cheet! Thought you would understand that part .
I'm done with you too since you outed your sympathy for Trumpette.. no No Shania Twain for me anymore.. You're on the wrong side honey, and no apology will get ever get you back where you once were !
Beautiful just beautiful!
Don't think I'll be able to watch here in Arizona.
Shania, you are beautiful inside & out.
I WAS a fan of yours, bought your last album, but now I’m done with you and your socialist friends!
It's not that deep!
It is that deep! But glad u believe is doing a lot for the LGBTQ community 
Not watching. Wimp
What happened to your face ? You don’t look the same!
Fat. Old. Washed up. Trump supporter.
I’ll pass. Kanye will probably watch though. And some of the deplorables who still stand behind trump in spite of what he’s doing to our country. There aren’t as many of them as twitter makes it look like though. You’ll see.
I stand behind Trump and I won't be watching.   She crumbled the very first wave of attacks that you Nazi left threw at her.   Plus I'll be working paying for all the free stuff that you "deserve" for being born.
If the CMA's were smart they would you host the CMA.
I, got one, am dumping all of your music from my playlists.   I will not support you or your crazy views.
Thank you for revealing your true self, Shania. Horrid woman

You said he was “honest” maybe you should read more.
I have no respect for wishy- washy people. You dont even respect yourself enough to stick to an opinion.
How about keep politics out of the show
Naw. It’s about values hillbilly. Hers are abolished. 
I’m so happy for you.  I don’t usually watch it but if it’s on Tv I’ll tune in just to see you.
@bigav88  i am definitely watching it this year !!! xxx 
¥€$ M¥ of
W€ R€ down HI$
V∆i£ of HATE 2G∆H€R
U 4∆££  €€RNi¥
Hope I can watch it on tv in England 
Be a Kanye girl.  Man did you blow it!  Please do us Americans a favor and just stay in Canada.
WE WON’T be watching
You are embarrassed to say you would have voted for Mr. Trump?  Pathetic! Well, I am not embarrassed to tell you I am no longer a fan of yours.
@ShaniaTwain where’s your #DragonEnergy ? @kanyewest  is spot on about the lefts bullyism & by you folding to their pressure you’re supporting bullyism! 
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump is a true AMERICAN leader that’s for what’s best for AMERICA. We appreciate our neighbors to the N
#needacopilot

Never retract you Trump stance so many people are behind him. Don’t believe the fake news! Country music is full of back bone don’t loose yours!
Congratulations on the generation award,  you so truly deserve! Can't wait to see you host and receive your award! I am so so proud of you Queen!
Shania I’m proud to be your fan I saw you in DC last year with Gaven and I’m proud of what you said about Trump you never have to I’m sorry for what you believe if you ever need tour security in the states contact me
take a leaf from kanye and stand by what you say/believe instead of being such a flake #weak #loser

You the top 2 world womens singer!!!
.
Should have stood by your words! Your career is dead in America! We love trump. Stay in la or NYC your not welcome anywhere else now!
33% of you maybe, the other 67% are not hate filled twitter trolls.
We look forward to seeing you this summer in Phoenix, Arizona!
Heeeehaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa !!!!!
Congrats
and I'm so(xxoo) excited your (this gender equality could reduce some family conflict as well) are (my heart your shelter, my arms your home) excited, cudles!
@mmfa Shania, why did you back DOWN from your support for President Trump? The leftist twitter mob is nothing more than paid anarchists with fake twitter accounts from media matters. They never listened to your music to begin with.

FEAR NOT!

#MAGA
I wish you would host one any of the US country award shows!!
Normal people salut you. Don’t worry about the Canadians with trump derangement syndrome. Liberalism is a sickness. Most Canadians are completely ignorant with what’s going on in the world.they voted for Trudeau don’t forget.
Please don’t ever apologize for being honest.
You mean like Trump is?
Shania is best looking woman

SELL YOUR SOUL SWEETIE.  MY FRIENDS AND I WILL NEVER LISTEN AGAIN
IS THIS WHAT YOU WERE GIVEN TO APOLOIGIZE FOR YOUR VIEWS???? SOOOOOOO SAD! You will NEVER SELL ME ANOTHER SONG.
I am disappointed you backed off and apologized for your thoughts on President Trump. By doing so you allowed yourself to be silenced, like you are not allowed to have an opinion. ...and from the women who belted out "Damn I feel like a women"
Already got my tickets!! Sooo excited @ShaniaTwain #CCMAS
Got my tickets, looking forward to it.
Win those awards you so very much deserve while you're hosting @ShaniaTwain ! You've already proven you can talk, sing, snd hold both arms full of awards! Thank you kindly for being exactly who you are! There'll NEVER BE ANOTHER COME CLOSE TO YOU! REALLY HATE WE CAN'T MEET!
Can’t wait!
That is so awesome Shania!! I'm glad you r back on the seen...I love your music!
man oh! man look at that hair, still luxurious and with no bald spots, and that face, oh! that face, as smooth as silk, you still got it.
Congratulations you will do a great gob @shaniatwain
Will it air in the US at all?
That's awesome. You could do the ACMA too. We love you more than Canadian people down here. You're a bona fide legend roun by whur I liv. Folks that'ud plum hyperventilate as soon as they seent u. Ofc that mite be a global effect...but hey. U da best. Ty 4 sharing. #ShaniaNow
I'm happy to see a fellow windsorite kicking butt! Keep doing your thing!
You going to bash Trump unlike your smart country singers who know a Great President when they see one.

I keep trying to win tickets....can't wait to see you
Sorry but the biggest night in country music is either the ACM’s or the CMA’s. We got Nashville, the home of country music. Canadian stars want to make it big in the US So our awards are the most coveted! But definitely congratulations on hosting!  Wish we could watch it here!
Shania Twain is hosting the next CCMA awards.... YEAH?  It is being held in Canada........BOO. I have attended many of the CCMA shows and they were some of the most fun and memorable. @CCMAofficial @WMNashville @SonyNashville @CountryMusic @FoxNews @abc @cbs @nbc

I love you Shania.
I lv Shania are you going to come to Ireland any time soon I missed you in Vegas before :-(
She's coming to Dublin in October.
I’m so excited to host the @CCMAofficial Awards this year! It’s such a pivotal moment in country music, as the industry evolves we’re seeing a new generation of deeply talented artists emerge and I can't wait to celebrate them all on September 9th 
Dreams DO come true: My comment to @TourismHamilton back in March 2017. BEYOND excited to have you in Hamilton for the CCMAs!
Congratulations Queen! 
Good luck! 
Hope you have an amazing time! 
Beautiful wonderfull Shania Twain
Bought our floor tickets today! They couldn't have chosen a better person to host.  Hamilton welcomes you with open arms. Proud Hamiltonian & Shania Twain fan! 
My sister @Alicialights & I got our general admission tickets to see you host and accept your award! Our Shania takeover 2018 continues as we first see you in Hamilton in June, Toronto in July, and CCMAs in September. 
Who are u ?
Lol!! Best tweet today sir!!
me too :)   I cant wait    #CCMA Thanks to @Country104


See ya in Guelph or At @AlisonKrauss @WillieNelson
I can’t wait either!! It’s gonna be amazing!
Queen of supporting trump
Ill pass ,  sorry. I prefer to spend time watching people with true conviction. Not into the weak sorry.
Booorrrrring!!
@chelsealouanne & I bought our tickets today!
Officially seeing @ShaniaTwain host the 2018 CCMAs in our beautiful city of Hamilton with @chelsealouanne. Saw her kick off her Up! Tour here at age 11, Rock This Country Tour in 2015, and upcoming NOW Tour. Life…
Ho yeahhhhhh!
You will be great and we are thrilled about the Generation Award you are set to receive! Well deserved! Much love for you Queen! See you on tour!
aaah eu te amo tanto
Nobody  will ever be as great as you are!!   See you in Austin Texas #FrankErwinCenter
See you Monday!!
Me adota
Follow me
What a year  so proud of you!
Already got my tickets! #HamOnt
love you
Well lids off hahaha 
See you a week from today! 
