... In fact, to say thank you, I want to give a pair of tickets away to each of my Australian #ShaniaNOW Tour shows. Head to my Instagram to see how to enter: https://www.instagram.com/p/BgY8fafnjPV/?taken-by=shaniatwain … 
Can’t wait to see you again
Night !!!

You deserve it @ShaniaTwain! Congrats 
I'm your biggest Aussie fan Shania. Most of my money goes to you. Haha shows or merchandise  mum and I cannot wait to see you in Sydney. We love you  you deserve this queen.
Je t'aime en ecoutant tes chansons
I'll be the luckiest person if I can go there!!!!

#fanOfshania
Congrats to You..
The Worlds Shania !
...deserved...as always !!
Just wanna join myself, cuz two=one !!!!
Linda você
Congrats well deserved your sensational 
Yes we love you
I love your music
Congradulations!  An American fan of all your music... Blessings Always, you earned this with a heart full of passion in what you do!
We Love you! Proud! 
Congrat @ShaniaTwain 
Hugs from Argentina!
So proud of you! I can’t wait for you to come down here 
Don't be excited queen !!!!
We love here in the USA!!!
And Canada two
Hi Shania :
I have my tickets already for the 14th of December in Sydney can't wait. 
Cheers Craig
Gigi is from Romania,  not from Australia, my queen !!!!!
日本にも来てね(*´∀`)ノ

Sooo cool  Congrats with the Award @ShaniaTwain  Well deserved #OurWinner#ShaniaNOW 
We you!
Wish u could do a show in South Africa
So deserved Queen! #ShaniaNOW is amazing and so are you! Can’t wait for the tour!
you're the best!!! we love you in Argentina we need you come to soon here pleaseeeeeeeeeeeee !!!
I'm your biggest fan shania
I wouldn't be suprised if you did win because you're amazing and you've come a long way and I'm sure your tour would be amazing and hopefully you release a DVD
Sooo happy for you Shania and for all the Australian fans! 
More than happy !!!!
Congrats on the honor!! You more than deserve it 
You deserve all the affection all over the world.
You deserve  it girl 
Shania earned it completely!!!
proud would be an understatement 

The first award of many for #ShaniaNOW!! 
congratulations! you deserve it so much 
