I'm anxious to see you here in Brazil. #ShaniaemBarretos
See you May 9th and 10th!

Nice
#SaveTheDate I’m not missing @ShaniaTwain ‘s concerts again! Even if I have to work overtime and travelhopefully only a road trip to see her
Play "Where Do You Think You're Going" in your concerts!
WE’RE READY FOR YOU QUEEN!!
No I can't, am gonna see Lolitta !! !!!!

See you in Las Vegas!
I can't wait ! 
I was hoping to see shania in sydney but tickets were sold out in a hour after going on sale
YES MY QUEEN ILL BE THERE
I’m thinking about it  #nowtour
So beautiful
Awesome
See you in Vegas and Sydney 
Seeing you in the UK in October! Mine and my families dream come true!
This is going to be awesome
greetings how happy I am that I am reading you on Twitter, and if I am your fan, and you are like my dream ...)))))))
Don't be excited queen,'m the most excited, just to see you !!!!!
M one of your biggest fan..
Cant wait though.
Any Middle East dates please  I hope I can see you live one day
I'm going to your Vancouver concert May 5th!
Hope show goes well
It's going to be Great!
Your needed in baltimore
two days before my birthday  love you!
On your next tour could u stop by Portland OR? And maybe donate some tickets to this wonderful youth center I know called SMYRC?
I cant wait till when you are in Melbourne Australia!! Bucket list ticked off!! YAAASSSSS!!! #ShaniaNOW
I will be there. my first time.I love you.
That's so cool 
Please come to Paris !! or in France :( I want to see you in concert soooo much !
My Big Ass i so there !

Is there not an opener for the tour or... 
Have my ticket and so ready to go party with you and all the fans going. See you June 2nd.
Can’t wait to see you in Brisbane!!!!
Hurry up!
I’m counting down the days until June 12th to see you in Little Rock, Arkansas and I live Rancho Santa Fe, California!
We all waiting on the edge of our seats for the kick off tour.... Ms.Twain..
I wish for you a GOOD TOUR .....What that tour give work out
Both Toronto nights & Birmingham  counting down 
Is the sign related to Tacoma or Washington somehow?
UK  Manchester xxxx Can’t wait
Hey @ShaniaTwain
...dreamin' of all of our favourite songs!! See you in London 
Love you 
Wish you were coming to the Maritimes.
I see you at PPG July 17.
I still trying to get my mom to get us tickets. I’ve only been listing to your music since I was 2
See you in Tacoma!!  I got my tickets.  Row 1!!
I’m counting the days too!  See you in 118 days in Toronto!  #cantwait #ShaniaNOW
Same  #ShaniaNOW
don't burn yourself out girl friend - I don't see you til October xx

Omg !!! I cant wait
See you in 61 days!! 
Traveling to Germany to see you  see you in October! 
Come to Mexico, please 
See you there!! 
Excited!
can’t wait to see you in boston and front row in DC with @LOVESHANlA and @lisaberndle 
