Time flies and our love for you grows more and more ...

@paulads59

Se ela cantar essa na turne vou fazer isso
Pq?
Tem outras melhores
Tendi  mas ela não vai cantar essa é só pra lembrar mesmo
25 years of the greatest artist ever!!!


More fun is what we need  I love your debut album. Still under the weather and crime of the century are my favourite
25 years of awesome music and an amazing person!
@KremlinRussia_E #Russia @ShaniaTwain 
@FIFAWorldCup @GlennOstrosky :)
You have made it fun for us!  Let the party continue!!
can’t believe it’s been 25 years and you haven’t aged a bit
Just the beginning of beautiful & sweet super star.
Queen

Love this album to this day. :)
Yes time does fly when your having fun! Many more years of fun to come!!
You’re Still the One after all this time! First song that got me hooked keep going Shania you’re the best you’re (still) on your way 
God Ain't Gonna Getcha For That should have been a single btw!
Yes it does 
25 years of hard work flushed down the tubes. You'll be remembered for endorsing a treasonous president that is a racist misogynistic serial liar.
#FUshania
The first and IMO the best.  I was in the military in Saudi during gulf war when this came out and i listened to it 10 times a day.
And even after all these years, you're still hot Shania!!
Happy Anniversary Shania!
Great CD! I have it.
25 years the world has been blessed with your beautiful voice. Thankful for then, NOW, and the years ahead!
I remember going to your concert in #Moncton and you were opening for #RickyVanShleton.  Bought this CD before the show.
Și o face cu o mare dragoste pentru artă......ești o femeie minunată și frumoasă idolul meu
25years so 4 years before I was born and yet I still know all of your songs  Happy 25th anniversary of great music @ShaniaTwain you're incredible 
I love you Shania  
I was actually just listening to this album the other day! What Made You Say That was one of my favorite songs when it came out!! Hehe Can't wait to see you here in Montreal in June!! 
What a woman you've become we couldn't be more PROUD of you.....
25 yrs & still the best on how to 'Rock This Country'
Is how long i'd admired you
Love
Great album follow me

Good album follow me shania
can’t believe it’s been 25 years and you haven’t aged a bit
Love this song
Love ya girl. You’re Still the One
Always luv you shania you go girl!
Congrats Shania on 25 years of amazing music  your debut album was my very first CD I ever bought Love  you and your music Can’t wait to see in Edmonton on your Now Tour Love  u Shania 
Congrats
I've already planned it,
Here's how it's gonna be,
I'm seeing you twice in September and I'll probably die crowd surfing to  Poor Me.
Stunningly beautiful gorgeous xx
I hope to hear one of your classics when you come to Belfast? 
Good night
you make best videos
So glad your talent is still shining... and you're having fun! #ShaniaNow
I have the CD!
I just turned 25 last week! Your music has always been part of my life!

I bought it!
Hope you have a good weekend 
Love all the music then and of course, NOW!!!!
Ain’t that the truth
I just re bought this and listened to the whole thing through twice!
Congratulations Shania, really this album is incredible, this album is part of my life, I love to hear it
Poderias tu, voltar a tocar country assim. =}
Been a fan since 
Awesome!!
Was born 25 years ago! Coincidence...I think not. Haha
25 years delighting us with your talent Queen, I Love Your Music @ShaniaTwain 
Beautiful
I still like that album
It has been fun
Can't wait for your performance at Barclay Center.  Maybe it won't be freezing then.
First CD I ever purchased! Still listening to it
Brave lady, Shania. You look so calm with that wild wolf next to you. 
I would be peeing my pants. 
Love this song ...with two stepp:)
Time flies when your that good that beautiful and bring so much joy to others Shania! Thank you!
I so miss the North............
Beautiful
I own that CD. One was sold without your permission. Was this the one? I know I was shocked by it and upset.
That long remember buying this then my step dad nicked it off me
It has been for all of us who were lucky enough to discover you. ;)
She is a Beautiful  lady
...and #morefun
Cdn who made it big... never apologize for your free speech.. they'll just clobber you further... Trump's a great president; we have pathetic lost and entitled Trudeau 2.0 - a true nation wrecker.. I'd say you made the right call .. never grovel for approval.. ever.
I think Trump is on point with some of his economic reforms, unlike the Canadian government which is seeing worse result in comparison, don't you think?
yeah Trump is a biz guy.. Canada's PM is a silverspoon dimwit.
Happy 25th Anniversary on the release of your debut album! An album filled with such fantastic and catchy songs! #Happy25th #ShainaTwain 
Too bad you just ended half your fan base. Goodbye lady!
"Forever & For Always"  with a shut-up mouth !!! !!!
Go out with @realDonaldTrump in those 25 years? Still trying to comprehend how you could think a rapist is a good guy #disgusting
Ur wolf is on fire
You have been the soundtrack of my life, and through that, my best friend as well! Love you Queen!
If that little fire has been going for the last 25 years, then this settles the ice melting thing.
@realDonaldTrump and his illiterate @EPA are for KILLING WOLVES, ELEPHANT and TROPHY Animals of all sorts. He's denied Climate Change. Think before you support this LYING DENYING Grifting Groping Golfing Sexual Predator.
BEAUTIFUL    SHANIA
I can hardly wait for the concert in Edmonton.
You have done very well & you still are doing GREAT
I recall you being back home for this photo shoot
Loved you & your music then, love you even more now. Everything you have gone through makes me feel stronger when I listen to your music. #strength
Still have the album would love to hear " What Made You Say Yet" on the tour. xo. Can't wait to see you in Toronto this July. This will be my cousin's first time seeing you.
It feels like yesterday I fell in love with your music, it‘s really one of a kind and i‘m so grateful i‘ll finally get to experience it live this year 
I recall you being back home for this photo shoot
At your May 9th show in Edmonton.
@MissSarahTweedy and this one 
 Indeed. You are an #inspiration, Shania.  
Time Moods On ~
Love This Song
 He's got his old best buddies and his new best friends and all the girls give him the eye...
Well Lady Bond if your(xxoo) finished with Military Operations if your still in BC I volunteer at a Church in Richmond on Saturday mornings and at a Seniors Centre in Vancouver on Sundays, so if you want to have shakes and hang a little, cudles!
Love you Shania hope to see you when you come to Chicago but right now I'm having trouble getting tickets my wife and I are big fans
When I saw the "what made you say that" video.....I knew you were  SOMETHING SPECIAL....as did others... (smile)...you were destined for greatness no matter who co wrote or produced for you...time has proved me right..take care of yourself...always !!!!
You were one of the first things my now hubs made me listen to, I love whose bed have your boots been under :)
It sure does  and soon it’s time to celebrate, have fun and enjoy your #ShaniaNOW tour  and suddenly time can’t go fast enough  Looking so much forward to your concerts 
My favorite cover picture!
What a turn of events from her childhood and never lost her Canadian roots.  Very impressive.  No wonder the words "That don't impress me much" ring so true for this strong lady!
I love you
guess she didn't know Trump let the US kill wolves now, sad
What made you say that?
And... it’s still one of my favourite Shania albums can’t go wrong with Shania Twain.

Shania Twain is not very intelligent.
Before you sold youself to Mutt? Correct
Find a time machine and go back...cuz U r the worst now
Having fun? You haven’t released music for 15 years and were with an abusive partner. What fun are you talking about?
I still remember going to the music store and buying this album on cassette tape and listening to it on the way home!  #GreatMemories
Y'all leave Shania alone, I can't wait to hear all the songs off her new album like...

I Like A Man With Small Hands
and
I'm Not Racist, I'm Complicated
and
Whose Crotch Has Your Hand Been Grabbin'
and
I Wanna Get Paid Like Trump's Porn Star Lover
Way to kill any interest in your new album. That was a serious and costly blunder.
This is still in my collection along with all the other ones plus I've got clips of all your appearances on TNN, damn I love those closeups of you on that show.
FYI #bimbo...the pussy grabber prez {you just said you woulda voted for, ewww!} is sending his sons to shoot that wolf! That's how they roll! #WildlifeCrime
It's only politics but for godsake please clarify your position on our traitorous president, he is NOT honest!!!
And you still look as gorgeous as ever! 

And I still listen to it regularly. 
I used to have this on Casette tape. My first one I believe. 
25 years Still gorgeous and more!!!

Morning lost angel in the city of light,

City of night? Excuse me, I'm the vocalist of a band you probably have never heard of, we're really the Indie of preference among the contenders, our name is "The No, No, Nos" from Cleveland. Hits? Laughable potential photo and wiseman.
You really brought some great music into the world! Thanks Shania!!!
An angel, a wolf & a flame, am I dreaming or am just  in Canada ?
