With a big #smile & #love, almost anything is possible. 

#alwaysafan
Labrador retrievers are the BEST! Love my girl too!
My baby

muito gata
Love...
MUST LOVE All PUPPIES; In honor of the last 2 I just lost, together no less,  I will rededicate my efforts to work with Working Service Dogs! 

Will always miss the alarm that kissed me awake yet smile because I can hear the howels of 1 with a phone+clicking toes of my Akita
My dog Tia says hi @ShaniaTwain #nationalpuppyday 
You are gorgeous  oh my god Shania
Your puppy is a little cutie.
hey no fair .. I wanna be on the beach with you Shania and the dog too!
Love this pic so georgeous 
Night  sun !!!!!
Hermosa, shania
Look at my future wife  ain't she beautiful

Thank you so much /1000 times !!!!
@ShaniaTwain
Love your dog Labradors are one of my favourite breeds. I have a pet rabbit called Lucky she's a lion head lop dwarf rabbit she,s grey , black and white in colour  x
I just love dogs.
From this moment...
you are so beautiful
I love my puppy 

Meet Gizmo...
Beautiful !
oh, is it National Puppy Day, well Happy(xxoo) Puppy Day Melody, my heart would appear to be your (our Panda's are of to the Calgary Zoo as well I think, also looking to save Toys R US) friends Shelter, my arms her home, cudles!
Dog Love 
Cute pic Shania!!

Beautiful 
Aww nice puppy 
Cher portrait oil oil of board MB Jellinek Kraków 2017 Shania you loock a -H7eB7AFisdEa the my music proposition for you the acords of guitars
Lovely Shania
Love so much this shot, thank you !!!!!
Nice!
Bella says hi.
Nice photo
Thought she had just the one dog (Jett) and her cat (Skipper).
Those who teach us the most about humanity,aren't always humans.  #NationalPuppyDay
That looks like my Tucker!
Happy #NationalPuppyDay!! To my favorite country singer Shania Twain 
she's ready 2 go, where?
It's not often I 'lug' luggage out 4 a got away but C? It seems we have matching backpack souls...
(late 4 nationalpetday but thats cats)
#myava
beautiful
♡ You can see the love between you two. Beautiful.
The dog is like....man I feel like a puppy
Eu tô impactadissima
A legend with a legendary dog
So cute 
It's time to celebrate!! 
I think Melody needs to come on tour with you  At least to your Toronto stop 
Beautiful
Love you 
Legend ily
Beautiful   #NationalPuppyDay
Precious
Hello from Barbados. Here are my two babies.
So lovely... he is a loyal companion, I am sure 
GORGEOUS
Beautiful Dog Shania.
You Too beautiful @ShaniaTwain 
He's the picture of innocence when he's not eating Christmas decorations 
You look gorgeous and skinny omg im dead
Jett looks happy! 
what a good doggo 
THIS PICTURE IS SO CUTE
beautiful 
