Maybe you could reconsider the outrageous ticket prices considering this is a comeback tour and you have been out of it for how many years?  You're not the Maple Leafs and this isn't Toronto! :)
You should consider that doing a tour and moving everything is expensive. It is also a first level show. The money in my country is devalued and is 20 times more expensive and I do not complain about it.
The most expensive ticket of any of the top performers that have come through London and they all have similar expenses. Not sure what your country devalued currency has anything to do with high priced tickets.
No, It has nothing to do with it. I'm just saying ... The ticket is sold 20 times more expensive and I'm going to pay it, because I know it's worth every penny! It's a great show! Just buy the ticket. She will be in your country. I have to travel to the Usa, and see it there...
Her voice is weaker now. Not worth top $$. So many other great shows and can't go to them all and this one is way too expensive for the performer and where she is at now.  Enjoy whatever show you go to. Hope you really enjoy it.
Do not go. Your voice is better. She is sick, If you do not want to pay and do not go. But do not say that. She gives a first class show and sings live. I would like to know if the shows you say are better do it. I will always enjoy Shania's music.
I am a fan and I follow her since I was 10 years old and I am already 31. Thank you for your wishes! Bye
@MarianaPaolaGu1 So, when people don’t know her and have their little comments about her, I feel it’s up to us to stick up for her!! Thank you for explaining to Jim also!!!
@ShaniaTwain Shania, from the first time I saw your video “Any man of mine” I’ve thought, how gorgeous you were!! And here you are over 20 years later, and you’re still gorgeous!!!! I think it has a lot to do with your beauty & inner beauty!! You always seem happy!!! Love you!!


So glad for you , dear!!
Hi Shania, I Love  everything you stand for!@ I am  a person on disability here in Vancouver, bc!! Listening to your stories and music has helped me cope with a terminal illness!!  I just wish I could come to 1
Sorry your rich enough without me giving you more money, no offence Shania but don't you have enough money....you know what.... having just enough to be happy is OK by me contentment is more a value than my bank balance.... Money Money Money... I dont dislike U  U need to refocus
Can’t believe how lucky I am to be seeing you in London 
You bet. See u
Just want to say you're going to do so amazingly well. Can't wait to see what you came up with production- wise! Your voice will be amazing...we all love you and are so, SO proud of you!!! Can't wait!!!  #ShaniaNOW

VIP for Hamilton AND Toronto with my twin sister, @chelsealouanne!  We're SO excited!
Marry me.
I hope she has some horses...
Always
Meow
I already got mine early
Hello Shania, about 3 years ago a friend of mine won a lunch with you, I convinced her that you use to babysit me in Timmons. She asked you and had no idea, do you remember this. #canadianfunny
@ShaniaTwainNews
Love you 
Can't wait to see you again Shania!   
Excited yeah, not for the tour, but to see you !!!! Lol !
Happy Shania makes us happy.
This is so awesome Shania, love it
got my tickets my dream is coming true after all these years cant wait #ShaniaNOW  #DreamComeTrue
I love you
What book is on your night stand, I'm reading Cleopatra- Margret George
#ifshaniawasmine
I still, love your voice dear !!!!!
Love you & music girl!!! 
Can’t wait !
I’m so super excited for this tour i can’t wait anymore 
Looking good
Can’t wait girl!
Can't wait I'm coming all the way from Australia to see you in LA 
your so amazing beautiful your music awesome your queen of Country
I know you probably won't answer me but do you think you will add a show in Albany NY there are alot of fans here that missed out during the Rock This Country Tour when you got sick and had to cancel.
Hi Shania
Beautiful.
Awesome can't wait to see you again.
I’ll be there with my sister May 12 in Saskatoon. Birthday gift for my sister’s birthday May 14.


Hi Shania ! Je suis fan de tes musiques depuis mon enfance, j'ai grandi avec et bien sûre j'ai même danser dessus aha. Je suis tellement admirative de ta carrière et de la femme que tu es, forte,humble.Un grand merci d'être une source d'inspiration pour moi et tant d'autres. 
Love you so much, Shania!
Look forward to giving you a big hug when we meet you in Fresno!  Then will rock out in LA, Vegas and my hometown Melbourne, Australia!  What a year! #ShaniaNow
Gud day @ShaniaTwain  take care
Can't wait to see you in July!  I got tickets today for my birthday.  So excited!
Yayyyyyy
Gorgeous 
I don't understand why you don't come to Argentina?
So excited for September ahhhhhhhh :)
See you in Vegas and Sydney. Can you show us some of the work you're doing haha. A preview ? Pleaseeeeeeee
Maravilhosa 
Can't wait to see you in December,  i was at your last concert 19 years ago here in Melbourne Australia
Were all ready to party
Already booked 
Noooway?? I’m so jealous 
Can’t wait to see you again !!!! 

Looking good babe ..x
Nice video of you
I love you. That's all there is to it.
I’m exciteddddddd!!!!
Smile
My mood thinking about going to see #Shania for the first time. See you in Louisville #HappyDance #ShaniaNowTour2018
Please come to South Africa. I've been waiting to see you for 20 years.
Hi there when are you  coming back to PA? SAW YOU YRS.AGO down in phil.if you remember going there
Can't wait to see you in KC on July 24th!!
So excited!!! I see you in June in Hamilton :D
See you in Denmark in October 
Tell Danielle  to deblock !!!!
Time for a new single! How about “I’m Alright”? 
Got my tickets for June 2nd. Can't wait !
Je ne crois pas à la magie !!!!!
@ so beautiful
So proud of you girl!
Script to Country Legend 
Can't wait. See you in October 
Can't wait to see you in Dublin  #ifeellikeawoman
We cant wait either,so excited 
That is awesome
I am sooooooooooooooo excited. Did I mention that I am sooooooooooo excited.   I can’t wait for #nowtour
Queen, Waiting for u to land in India soon. 
Anways, All the best to u & ur entire crew for ur upcoming #Now tour. May it be a Blockbuster Hit, a peaceful event & leave a ever-lasting good experience for all the audiences who r lucky to attend Queen's event in their lifetime 


Beautiful
Can't wait!  Taking my daughter next time you are in Calgary!
"Going out tonight, I'm feelin' alright
Gonna let it all hang out
Want to make some noise, really raise my voice
Yeah, I want to scream and shout"  :)
Still one of Canada's beauty's that knows how to write a hook.
I wish I could go!!
Will you be performing, ‘Whose Bed Have Your Boots Been Under’?
Can’t wait to see you in may , in Vancouver bc 
Hello Shania. I cannot wait to see you in Concert again. It has been SSSOOO LONG! You have come back So STRONG  & SASSY we love it.!!!
Got my tickets when they went on presale! So excited! See you in Omaha!
 pleaseeeeee come to ARGENTINA!!!! we need you so much!! and we love you!!
You are looking soooo good! Have a fantabulous tour and take care!
It always gets very exciting when my beautiful favorite country singer Shania Twain is involved such a Legend
Tickets  Hotel  Just waiting for June to get here and trying not to be so impatient, it’s going to be epic!!!!!
Who is opening for you?? I’m dying to know! #ShaniaNow #ShaniaNowTour
lindíssima falou tudo
Already have my tickets for July 7th at the @AirCanadaCentre!
No Memphis date?  But we LOVE Shania in Memphis !
Sure enough
Hi Shania...can't wait!! See you in London!! 
I can’t wait  #NOWtour #letsgogirls
Im coming to a show by myself so you should give me a meet and greet cuz I'm anxious
Exciting 
See you in 226 days . #ShaniaInPrague #ShaniaNOW
can not wait! July can't get here fast enough, front row VIP!@Pepsi_Center
IM SO EXCITED!!!!! SHAKING
Absolutely cannot wait! So excited!
heyyy
Hi Shania
Brazil 
Can’t wait to see you in June! 
