Just today I was thinking about that song! It is so beautiful! My mother and I do not stop listening to I'm Alrigth. But, I think the perfect song for you is All In All. I admire!. 
Thanks for you Amazing Music!
In my Heart! I can't wait it  #ShaniaNOWTour
Stop tweeting lmao
Why? 
Oh I'm joking u tweet a lot so I'm like stop tweeting lol
Hello: OK! 

Our Queen ! #ShaniaTwain
#ShaniaNOW #ShaniaNOWTour
Nah
OMG Shania, sendin her love to fans !!!!!!
What a song! Can’t wait  25 days left until #NOWTour 
And I cannot wait to hear it and more from #ShaniaNOW! I love the entire album! See you in Georgia and Nashville!
I'm so glad you're going to sing I'm alright live. This song is deep and means a lot to me. With depression and other problems I have it's good to have inspiration like this Shania. I'm alright! For now......
Shania is truly an amazing woman, who has wrote some songs that her fans can relate to. I know how you feel hannah. I have depression,anxiety, ptsd. When im not doing good listening to Shania makes it better.
Love that one and one of my favs. Is AllI in All
Oh, I'm alright It's my favorite song on the album! What can I say? The entire album is awesome! 
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeess !!!! Thank you !!!!
I love this song Shania, your right it does have different means, I guess it all depends on how your feeling when you listen to it. Thanks for an amazing song. Cant wait for the #ShaniaNOW tour, It will be so much fun. 
The first time I heard it, I cried. I know I'll cry hearing it live, too. It's my favourite, along with Home Now. 
Give us a music video forthis  song please  k thanks Lol 
@ShaniaTwain it’s one of my favorites too! Theres something very special, about that song. It’s powerful! Hope I’m able to see you again @WellsFargo in Philly, July 12th!
#UrBiggestFan!
#LoveYou
ONE OF MY FAVES 
Can you tell us anymore small Now Tour surprises? 
Can't wait to hear it! See you in Little Rock! 
One of my faves from you, ever!
Agreed! It should be a single with a video and mixes!
@jukebox1014 one song confirmed wooooo
Haha yes
It’s my absolute favorite too! Can’t wait to hear it live. So happy you’ll be back in Europe in the fall, counting down the months! 
also one of my favourites, and the one that made the most impact.  
I’m alright seems to sum up everything in life. No matter if it is good , bad or whatever life throws at you just keep moving forward as you can’t change the past. This is one of my favourite songs too but I love the whole album and have a copy at home and for the car
We are all excited! 
Can't wait!!!!!!see you in #Glasgow #Scotland
It's a very good one ! One of my favorite. I can find myself through these words.
One of my favourite songs on the album and can't wait to sing along when you're performing it live!!! <3
@wtfevansj
My favorite on this album too!!
omg yes sweetie. the song goes OFF at the 3:00 - 3:35min mark and I can't wait to hear it live.
any thing about you is so nice baby
Love this song!! 
YES!!!! Freakin love that song!
My fav too!!
Perform you’ve got a way queen  pls 
Cant wait to see you live in july!!
What a meaningful entertainer!! Love her songs! Can't wait to see her at Little Ceasers Arena@ Going to be a great show!
very nice  I love you
I listen to this song the most. It holds a mixture of feelings.
Great choice beautiful song. I would also like to  hear Soldier possibly in the same ACT to slow things down a bit and catch our breath as you can't go hard all of the time
Look that
 this song!!!

It’s definitely my favourite song on the album too. What an anthem. Can’t wait to hear it. 
I can't wait to see you sing it live in LA and Australia 
Should be a single.  Hint, hint
I wish I could go to one of your concerts to see you preform live on stage and go back stage with you and thank God you are the best country singer.
For the first listen this song has always been my favorite. Cant wait to hear you singing live here in Brazil 
Saw your interview with Dan Rather. Love it that you’re smart and not just another pretty face!
I can't wait to see you in Nashville in July.
Hi Shania! Love & Light from Hanmer, Ontario, Canada xo
it's my favorite too ! with "where do you think you're going ? " 
Yes!!! I’m so excited! This is one of my favorite songs from you!
Really but you blocked me when I'm your fan
Who will be the opening act
This is one of my favorites along with soldier, and who’s gonna be your girl and let’s kiss and make up.
I sure hope u spice things up and preform rock this country.
Sounds good.  going to b epic
Good 2 c u back Shania back 2 ur best xx
Favourite song on the album  can’t wait to here it on tour
Same. Its a quiet masterpiece
I love your harmonies on it. Can’t wait to hear it live, either!
Love it. Along with Home Now and the others.
The fact that it’s your favorite and that you’re going to perform it live means everything to me because it’s my favorite song off of the album too and I get to see you for the first time in July and hear you sing it.  #ShaniaNOW
This one IS my fav one. So glad you're doing it live, and can't WAIT to hear vocals .
I love this song so much 
And we have front row seats to watch you so sing it in Edmonton.
Just watched your interview with the great Dan Rather. You were so open and, of course, Rather listened to your answers then followed up for more. Already have tickets to an upcoming concert.
It's my favorite song from the entire album. Love u 
Right back atcha’ 
hi shania!
One of my favorites!
Now, am excited !!!!!
I love it too @ShaniaTwain, can’t wait to see you in Belfast 
One of my favorites, too! I love the violins  I hear in it, too!  This song has such an inspiring message.
Mine is the River song but this is great too!
one of my favorite songs too, it means a lot to me.
I love this song so much. I can’t wait to hear it live. I’ll probably be crying my eyes out though 
My favourite from the album! Truly amazing and inspiring song writing  Can’t wait to hear it live #ShaniaNOW
My favorite song on the album. « I’m gonna be ok » #metoo
Great! Love the lyrics of that song
My favorite song of yours to date!
This song gives me all the feels
That's an awesome song and even though I can't dance I can at least tap my feet to the rhrhy
Ah man. Posted and I wasn't done. Was gonna say I can tap my feet to the rhythm.
Its my favorite song on the album and I hope I’ll be able to hear it live in PARIS  #ShaniaNOW #WorldTour #ParisIsWaitingForYou
One of my faves!!!
Do you ever sing Iz medley of Love??? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z26BvHOD_sg …
This is my favourite song from your new album, Shania. It encompasses so many different emotions. The most cathartic is the emotion of sadness through neccessary pain. Understanding and coming to terms with the fact that your pain ultimately forms who you are. 

Beautiful 
Awesome.........Love it
So....One of the songs that took the longest to write on #ShaniaNOW was 'I'm Alright'. It progressed and took on different meanings over time. It's probably, overall, my favorite song on the album and I can't wait to perform it live  #thatdontimpressmemuch
Hey....August you came to Brazil....Welcome to Brazil
I have love your music since day 1
My fave too 
It’s so cool you’re sharing what your songs means and your feelings about them  
I have my favorites on the #ShaniaNOW album: AIA,LKAMU and WGSTD, 
but I have to say, that the entire NOW album is just amazing, every song on it just appeals to me in one way or another 
@ShaniaTwain I love ur songs
This song is so powerfull!! Congrats to that
Please talk to me
My favorite song too. I can’t wait to hear it here in Brazil. 

Finally I will fulfill my dream, to see, for the first time, a show of  yours here in Brazil. I hope I'm lucky to hold you and tell you how much  I love you. 
I love this one 
Yessss
Can't wait to hear it live in  31 days!!!! #ShaniaNOW 
So happy this is going to be a part of the set list. It's such a powerful, moving song!  
can't wait to see you performing.
