Go vote for Trump! Selling my Shania cds so i can get some of my money back!
She'll probably gain more fans. The red wave te al! Shania is real. The only thing that makes me feel sad is that she apologized for saying she'd support trump. Why do so many people make out that they're tolerant, but they don't tolerate diversity of thought?
No she won’t the gays r her base
I'm gay, and I love Shania. I also love Trump. There are a lot of us gay Trump fans. We came out of the closet years ago, and have had to go back in to a different conservative closet because people in our own community reject us for having conservative values.
In the meantime enjoy the concert hope u got ur tix Shania needs the money
shania hasn’t needed money since Come On Over but go off
I heard the was worth like over 200 million and that she earned another 45m during her stint in Vegas. She'd have to be really bad with money 
Well then she can retire why come out now  so she can afford to ruin her career now...good for her!
I can't wait it! 
I'm so excited! It will be the first time I will attend one of your Show! I'm happy to be able to listen to your live music ! Thanks 
I'm so excited for the visuals, but most of all, to celebrate everything that's got you here to 'NOW'. 
See you in Brisbane 
#ShaniaNOW
....high-tech...fashion-forward..
 #ShaniaNOW 
7 days to tour, I'm super excited. 
I love you Shania Twain
SO EXCITED QUEEN! WE LOVE YOU! #IStandWithShaniaTwain
Omgggg I can't wait! I am so excited to see you TWICE! Hurry up June! :-)
Wohoo!!! So excited 
only a week until opening night, so excited!!
OMG! I am so unbelievably excited for this tour! Cannot wait to see you! 
Wow! I like it 
Cant wait 
Fuck off, you are so 1980s. You are nobody now and nobody cares
Shut up

Ms. Twain, you have a lot more fans and respect than one might think.  The left, liberals in this country are sick and belittle everything they can't be.  Carry on  with pride and I suggest you totally ignore critics----totally!
Not sure what this is mean to be, exactly, but I love it regardless!
 #ShaniaNOW
Oh my God I can't wait!!!
Omg I’m so excited!!!!!! 
Be     Like     Kanye
Can’t wait - always loved Shania and now even more - stand up for your views, be true to yourself - don’t worry we’ll come see you and support you #shania
Retract your pathetic apology and live with integrity.
Open with 'When', count 1.... 2...   #NOW ... if elephants could fly I'd be a little more optimistic....
Not long to go now! How exciting!! Loving that classic Shania leopard print!
See you in September
Can’t wait for the tour

Be more like Kanye. Stand by what you say unapologetically.
Damn shame you allowed pressure from a very small, loud group of socialist intimidate you  - your fan base is not these fascists.
Soon in Brazil!!!
Please don't ever apologize for saying you'd vote for Trump!  He's done more in his 1st year than BO did in 8, plus BO wasn't America-loving!!
Can't wait!!!
Shania Forever

I'm ready! 
So excited for @ShaniaTwain in Wpg on May 13-our 28th anniversary gift to ourselves!! been waiting for years!!
a meu deus do céu eu to ansiosa demais

I can’t wait 
Why did you apologize for offending people who dont think like you politically? Ridiculous. Weak. Sad.
#MAGA 
I CAN'T NOT WAIT ANYMORE
See you June 2nd in Tampa
See u in dublin!!!
I’m ready!!!
NO!
Go back to Canada& take Kanye’s crazy ass with you! His black card has been revoked!
You look in my future wife hey she beautiful. Yeah go get some tickets now Shania Twain is back
Shania please publish at Facebook in our page Música... Only Dr Ronaldo& Lucy BraSil e Alemanha Juntos. Please dear, I love your musics and for sure your huge fan! So , please!!!! Dr Ronaldo.

Now and ever
can not wait!!! 
if you visit us in South Africa Shania I'll be so gladful if you don't leave a stage without perfoming #Katchin for me Ilike it
Have A Nice Day
Best wishes from Stockholm,Sweden!
Beautiful!!!
Trump supporter

Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssss !!!!
Shania NOT
