Wow, Mrs. Twain looks good.Maybe, She cross bred with wine.She only gets better with time.
I wonder has she excepted our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ Into Her Heart. 1. Everyone Has Sinned Rom 3:23 2. The Price Of Sin Rom 6:23 3. Christ Died For Us Rom 5:8 4. Christ Invites You To Be Saved Rom 10:9-13 Do you Wish To Be Saved
SAY THIS PRAYER, Lord Jesus, I know I am a sinner.Thank you for dying on the cross for my sins.I open the door of my life and receive you as my Lord and Savior.Take control of my life and help me be the kind of person you want me to be.AMEN!
Love to see her live and her clothes was nice

She is a very pretty lady send this to swat train on Today Show
You are still one of the best singer I like to listen to 
On Saturday night, I'm gonna be at your Vancouver show!
I just love her cloths she wearing on the show and singing was great as always
Rocked it! See you in Phoenix! 
You kicked butt today! Cannot wait to see you in July!
Thank you for such a Great performance. Lovely as usual! Hopefully we can time our trip to London to see your new tour performance. Loved you in Vegas!!!

Sizzling 
Mutts used goods lol
Rock it!!! 

Hey girl excited your coming back out.. I see your long time Guitarist is out will your sister be joining you on the road as well???
BEAUTIFUL YOUNG LADY !!!
Not watching, done with her.
So...bye bye
Shania defense system engaged.
So over her....plays stories to try and grow her career.....has done this for years!
Three of my friends from Little Rock were there this morning front and center at the show .
Hi shaniaxo
I wait for you in Lima
You go girl!
You look great Shania
SLAY QUEEN!
Take care of that voice. Love Ya!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Shania you were and are Forever GREAT! Love your songs, forever.
Shania,

If you were an animal we'd have to put you to sleep, where are your manners? I can listen what you say to me telepathically, you have no civility... "I want you inside of me" oh yeah Shania, that's what Hector said just before I mounted him and tie him to my carriage.

R
And you are???? 
Wow, didn’t even recognize her! Too much cosmetic surgery, or whatever ...  she sure doesn’t look like this Shania Twain I used to watch and listen to 
And yet, you sound just like them.
Can't wait to see you in LA & Melbourne 
I would like to be their for that one it be so cool to see y'all
http://store.cdbaby.com/cd/jeffumbehauer18 …
 new tune!!!!
Lookin good!
Amazing. You're such a beautiful person inside and out. See you in Boston, London and Munich. Cannot wait 
Awesome
T.C.B  E.P.
Trump would have grabbed her good if he was there. And he can do that because he's a celebrity.
Saw you performing in NYC this morning, you had all black backup singers...I will not support you and your politically correct BS...
the  world needs  a sexxy lady look like wonderwoman for vice president        inpeach  mike pence he looks like gothams citys  joker
Loved the performance!!!  Welcome back!!!!
Hope you sing some old hits not feeling it with the new sound! Still  you! Sound is totally off.
Sound was way off, uncomfortable to watch.
I’ll take one of those cowboys behind Shania plz. Any one.
Can't wait to see @ShaniaTwain at the O2 in London on the 2nd October
Soundcheck at @TODAYshow, can't wait to rock the plaza for @CitiBank Concert Series
Did Shania pull a Kanye and buddy up to Trump for publicity?
VERY     VERY     VERY  
    V    E    R   Y         .
V         E       R       Y

BEAUTIFUL 
BEAUTIFUL 
BEAUTIFUL
SO FREAKING HOT

THIS OUTFIT you’re slaying queen 
Watching you on the Today Show makes me wish I was going to see you live I still hold out hope that one day you will come to Albany NY so I can finally live out my dream of seeing you live.
My mother is a huge fan of Shania and wrote a letter she’d like to send her way. I’m having trouble finding a fan mail address for Ms. Twain. Any assistance would be appreciated. Thank you!
Sing it girl! So glad to see you back on stage.
That DOES impress me much 
Maravilhosa!! Te amo rainha! 
Love that outfit today. Especially your pants
ive waited more then 20years to see @ShaniaTwain in June my life long dream comes true
Great
Even if you voted for Trump!
Just looked @ ticketmaster , wondering why there are still floor seats available for Sunday the 6th show @ Rogers Arena 
You're one of the classiest and dignified performers out there and there aren't that many.  Dolly Parton is one that comes to mind.  God Bless you with continued good health and success.  
Your voice sounds great. I can really tell it has recovered. You must have worked really hard. Sounds as good as 20 years ago!
You are so amazing & above all, you are so wonderful !!!!
@PsltorchJames gr8 way 2 start off the work week with @ShaniaTwain on @TODAYshow.
I wait for you
Lovely
The best....Shania
Wow wish I was there...have fun!!
Ready and excited to watch!!
Go to HELL ASAP...
You are here because...??? 
Awesome! @TODAYshow @ShaniaTwain @Citibank
Just look at you all dressed up in your G I Joe outfit, you can camouflage those legs, but never that beautiful face.
Is your horse going to be there so you'll have someone to sing your anniversary song to since your hubs left you for your nanny? Is that why you love Trump, because you also swap your fave big white thing for the genuine affection you crave?
Yassss Shania!! You're gonna rock it!!!...as you always do! 
Amazing Queen! 
Congratulations! 
I proud you! I admire you! 
I Love you!
Yea! "Rock this Country"
good luck;)
yes my lady!!!!!!
We love you Shania! Thanks for being an ambassador for all that is good about Canada!
Excited 
Oh my god Beautiful #ShaniaTODAY https://twitter.com/NeiaSTwain/status/990929886025003010/photo/1pic.twitter.com/EDFV8yhdSq 
I’m hoping that one day my mom and I can see @ShaniaTwain live. Grew up listening to her. My old baton twirling instructor used to use her songs!

Good luck. You look beautiful as always.
Looking great!!
Can't wait to see your performance 
 You go rock NYC Shania 
You look and sound amazing! Love you  Queen! Go rock NYC! #ShaniaTODAY #ShaniaNOWTour
Yes just seen it me and my daughter waiting for you cheering you on 
Eu só queria poder ver você ao menos uma vez nessa vida, te amo ícone
You look and sound amazing!
You look so beautiful 
Having a great time!! Thank you for being so good to the fans!!!
So proud of you! You sound amazing  can’t wait to see you on tour
Yyyyesss baaabay
