Can't wait to see you again. I'm so excited. Just a little over 4 months  and then Sydney. Mum and I can't wait.
In 3 month's i get to see you in concert. Cant wait. So excited.
So so exciting.
Yes ma'am its very exciting. Saw her in Miami  now get to see her in Tampa
It's so exciting you'll have to take a lot of photos.
I will do that. Cause i love having photo's of shania to keep to as a memorie
It's the best way to keep a good memory alive 
!!!
(Polite) Thanks for going to Manchester  I know people will be happy especially after what happened at Ariana Grande concert.
We are so glad that you are, short term pain for long term gain for everyone!!
Cant wait to see you in voncert again. It will be an amazing show as always.
you should of supported your album more and released another single and been more visible . And you snubbed the juno awards tonight?  oh well good luck
$1,000.00 to $900.00 for front row seats?? REALLY?? Are you needing money that bad Eilleen?? Even noise bleeders are $800.00!! Is Fred burning you that bad to where you are charging this much for your concert??? Wow 
Lovely #ShaniaNOW
A long-awaited, incredibly exciting, dream come true! Stockholm, October 17th - see you there!! 
Gud luck beautiful
I couldn't be more thrilled for ya @ShaniaTwain !! Myhurts, N yes I can feel itto as I N my continue toU rise bktop, but yet still will NEVER meet nor everU period except on tv! However, PLZ know you're ALWAYS welcome at ournetime U wanna 'Come On Over'!


Shania Twain very very nice
Cannot WAIT for the show at @TheO2 it's going to be a lifetime goal after having a teaser at Hyde Park from the @BBCRadio2 festival in a day! Counting down the days!
Just watched your interview cbc pre Juno awards, why do you always say I wish my parents were alive to see your success?  Your dad is still alive and has been proud of you always!
I love that u came back to singing, i have liked ur music since i was young. U are a amazing singer
What making your bank managers happy......you've enough money can I write your next song got the title  "Can't get enough".....MONEY!

Gone too long - missed you!
Hey Jude
Oi sou muito muito muito muito muito muito muito muito seu fã
Hooke me up with Tix when u come to philly
Follow me love ya shania
Love you Shania from Kentucky

And I "still the one" who Have hope that you'll come to São Paulo, Brazil bringing the Now tour!  
Le désir se moque des interdits , il ne sert à rien de s’interposer .
#StillTheOne always and forever. Glad ure back and back at it.
I will back to Juanita !!!! Cuz Shania is so busy, lol !!!!

Cool 
Roll on Manchester in September, can’t wait
Omg did you change your surname to now?
Love you Shania! You can do whatever you want!
#supercountry girl!
it's probably funny, I'm beginning to regret that I was not born in Canada...)))
#ShaniaNow I love it  glad you came back with a great album, always one of my favourite artists 
I bought you new album "Now" yesterday...Is wonderful! Congrats Shany.....Have also beautiful pictures your,you it is so sexy and beautiful
Good luck on your tour! Safe travels too!
I cant wait Shania!!
Getting closer & closer everyday!  See you July 12 in Philly. 
CHICKLET!!! WHY did you change your stage layout??? I ended up with front row seats because of the change (YAYYYYYY)... but I think some ppl won't be happy... AH!!!
Ole!! See u in dublin!!
 See you VIP in Hamilton AND Toronto with my twin sister, @chelsealouanne.
Why now Shania. I'm from northern Ontario. And we as tax payers paid BIG $ to build a S,Twain Museum . It's been there for yrs and not one did she do see it. She has not written anything new in such a long time. What was the hold up??????
YESSS  and we’re counting down the hours  Cool drum by the way 


Danke sehr !!!!
Getting closer to Belfast 
Grew up listening to your music with my Dad. I've been listening to your music for so long I don't even remember how long. For Christmas, I got my Dad his ticket for your tour for his Christmas. Can't wait to see you on tour in Sep with the person who got me into your music!! 
You got this!
Can’t wait to see you and hear you live!!
Nice.

Can’t wait babe 
Can't wait to see you live in Brazil! #ShaniaNOW
see you in december in nz!!!
Yeah
i love shania twain
When are you doing another live video on Instagram
Wish I could see you live 
So excited to see you love for the first time this October!  
Back to me
Yayy i can't wait 
Juno awards tonight from Vancouver  will you be watching?I am going woo,hoo
See you in May!
Best thing to ever happen. Shania blessing us with her beautiful voice.
You go girl
i love you queen:(
I’m so extremely excited about this tour  #june #ShaniaNOW #shanianowtour
I may not be able to go to your concerts but I truly love the fact that you are back. Sending you so much love, from England  xx
Hey @ShaniaTwain  I Can't Wait To See You In salt lake city Utah This Coming July 28 No Saturday At 7 P.m 
See you in Amsterdam
Love you Shania Twain best country singer ever sing your pretty little heart out
I'm anxious 
Ahhh I can’t wait for the tour QUEEN
As European, do we get a chance to meet you?? Where are the European meet and greet opportunities? Come on Shania 
Please give her a break? She’s just one person. Extremely busy xxx
: )) (( :
I am so excited for this tour! Can’t wait to hear your new songs live! See in June and July!! 
Be cool queen !!!!

IM SO EXCITED
Don't be excited danelletto, you re just like the queen, be cool, lol !!!!!
I cant wait your havng another party and inviting eveyone 
yessssss can't wait!!!
Yayyyyyy!!!!! Sooo excited to see you may 5th in Vancouver front row!!!!! Can’t wait!
Can’t wait to see you in Austin!!!
So freaking excited to see you in June!!
Are you going to the Juno’s tonight queen? 
I CAN'T WAIT TILL YOU COME TO DENVER
Yes, please .
are you going to the junos tonight?
where's that meme video of the lady saying "well WELLLLL next question!" because that is shania right now.
