Sounds GREAT
Are you trying to appeal to extreme liberals by using “diverse” twice?  Over compensation.
You should check out @OutlawPriscilla She keeps it REAL!
well baby(xxoo) a lot of people don't (johnny Cash was alright but often depressing) realize that you actually put a new face(Good Lion Report I sent it) on country making it a little more fun for all, cudles!
you are a wonderful person, i am proud to say that i am your fan, congratulations on the attitude  see you in august in brazil 
SHANIA HAS BOUGHT TWITTER BOTS TO BUY SUPPORT AGAINST HER DISGUSTING SUPPORT

Can you come to South Africa because I am a big fan of you and my wish is to take a picture with you one day
They'll still never be another one like you @ShaniaTwain EVER! YO set the stage for so many who've already followed as you took the risk to go totally crazy, and done what you dare! So, You Go Girl, and best of blessings to all!! #IstandwithShaniaTwain #ShaniaNOW 
Congratulations Shania! I will be watching!
Love seeing you on all these shows
You looked beautiful this morning on the Today Show and sounded phenomenal
And that duster  I loved it can you please tell me where did you get it
Check out @sawdustbrothers Dynamic!!
If you haven’t heard of Tiera you need to look her up! Awesome new  talent and incredible young lady!
Im gonna have to find that channel!!!!
Sign me up!! Give me ALL the details!! Please?
This sounds incredible! Hope it gets aired on UK TV.
Here I am! http://SUSASONG.COM 
vevo/susa/The Trail
Omg this is awesome!! How do we audition??
Just watched you perform on today show  the song I'm alright with a choir that was so BEAUTUFUL,touched my heart it made me think of my mom who passed away
So awesome to hear this!!!
It’s will be great
Trying to make people forget you support racism, Shania?
I am on a mission to see you in person in Auckland - Love your music - your are so inspiring!
You look wonderful Shania !
U go girl. So proud of U. 
I play a mean tin pot. Just FYI :)
U shouldn't have caved to peer pressure.   Majority of.your fans support our President.  The Facist Liberals don't buy albums because they don't have jobs lol.  Don't alienate your fan base. My 2 cents
Only You could be the One for this!!! Shows that USA network is smart and wise and lucky that You would do this !! Can't wait to see the program !! Oh Yes.....S.A.K.B. !!......that means  SHANIA Always Kicks BUTT !! Yes ..I said it !!
Can’t wait to watch Shania! So awesome !!
Go for it
:)  Good to hear   all the best in the hunt  there is always talent out there .. #CountryMusic  and all type of #Music ..
Ok u do ur missionary wrks I'll be waiting unpatiently here for ya
I was approached by a fake Shania Twain. As a composer, producer, performer, and plagiarist () that put a bug in my ear about the REAL Shania Twain. If that real Shania Twain wants to work with someone new who she will LOVE, "she" might want to let me know. 
That explains kissing the liberal ring…

If you stand up to the liberals when you say you prefer President Trump, you'll have America behind you. I can't imagine a single country music fan that would want anything to do with Hillary. 
You are going to be one busy person this summer.

What a woman and the 10th BEACON OF LIGHT AND HOPE AND LOVE!!!!!!!!!!
I'm so proud of you TODAY and everyday my FRIEND...
I GOT YA '...
"Shania is a true international icon who remains the best-selling female country artist of all time and whose music broke barriers across genres..." Very well said!! 
You are an inspiring person and a wonderful human being. Thank you for being so special. 
You are such an inspiration
Nice job!
CONGRATS!!! so happy for you 
Congratulations! 
It will be an amazing Show! You are the best singer I know! A great mission that you will do with quality and love!
ok wig

This is your year!  Can't wait to see you at the 2018 CCMAs in my city with my sister, @chelsealouanne!

Great news! 
Congratulations, Shania! You're such a special and great person 
This is exciting news and I cannot wait to watch!
You are amazing
Hi mom
