I'm shocked that Shania Twain is not coming to Brazil...
She's going there!
This is what happens when you are adored all over the world! 
I wish I could see both Sydney shows haha. If I didn't pay for the Vegas one I could.
If I can grab a seat on your Plane. Shania
Yes my only favorite country singer Shania Twain she kills it every time she performs
What about norway?
@ShaniaTwain Finally I will fulfill my dream, to see, for the first time, a show of yours here in Brazil. I hope I'm lucky to hold you and tell you how much I love you. 
Faz show em São Paulo capital vagabunda
if there was an opportunity, I would go to all the concerts of the tour, "fell in love with the music of Shania*
I cannot wait, I have my ticket for PERTH xx
Feel free to pop down to Christchurch when you're in New Zealand 
My tickets have arrived for Manchester see you on the 22nd, only 14 yrs since you were last here x
I am happy for them but I really really wish you could come to Albany NY it has been a dream of mine to see you live and I almost did it too but you canceled in Albany NY when you did the Rock This Country Tour so us Albany NY fans missed out on seeing you and your AMAZING show.
Why not an extra show in Amsterdam? Then I could go two times.
@ShaniaTwain I'm  Europe Prague! My Land Czech Republick!

SAO PAULO PLEASW. Barretos sucks
What about São Paulo
You still haven't sent me tickets to your Chicago show I have been checking my mail box and I'm still waiting please send ASAP thank you
Hi shania when are you coming back to PA.?I had heard you yrs.ago in phil.
Aucune date en France !
I’m shocked @BradySpears didn’t tweet perform You Got A Way
IM GOING FOR MY 21ST IM SO EXCITED
Yesss
could you add just one more little show to your already big tour ???? PARIS please thanks love you
Please come to India 
I do not believe that I am going to see the luck of having the illustrious presence of this incredible human here in Brazil, I have a great admiration for you Shania. You are an example of a singer and a human being.
