Good luck with that maybe other racists will join u
Beautiful wonderfull

Boycotting your music and album!God bless America and President Trump!Next time stand by your man!
So sad that you back peddled!Strong independent women support Trump!Liars support the racist democratic left!
@kelliespring27  yes we can have a watch party
@ShaniaTwain @TODAYshow
Love 
Success Queen! 
You're still the One!
I would like to be there! But I'm so far away! 
Success Queen! 
Yesssss!!! Celebration day!
We will be celebrating our 30th Anniversary in NYC on Monday. Did not know you were going to be there! I’m so excited! Can’t wait to see you! 
I'm not using my 2 fan passes if you'd like to try and use them!
Just saw this.  So nice of you to offer. Wish I would have saw this sooner!! 
Will see you there can’t wait!!!!
Love shania and Donald trump ! Can’t wait to see you July 27 at Pepsi center ! Kick ass queen!
Well baby you(Meghan Trainer now also following) can check(xxoo) out my Twitter(Girl @girlscouts now also going green) and Facebook since you are a big part of it, cudles!
WONDERFUL
I won't waste my waste time watching a  facis.t supporter  of Trump sing a ridiculous song.
We have a awesome president bro!
@ShaniaTwain is a fascist  and a white supremacist:  stay in Canada: we don't need you
Try not to stick your foot in you mouth again.  "Say what you mean and mean what you say" and let the chips fall where they may.  Your gutless.
I decided not to go
BEAUTIFUL
HELLO
Can’t wait QUEEN
I will be watching just for you Shania!!!!
Give Trump a call while your there. I am sure he will greet you with open arms. After all you did say he was “Honest”  like YOU!!!
New York is Full of Beautiful People who respect and love one another!
One more week till I get to see you in Vancouver, Shania!
Is there a Trump rally going on?
Is there? I need to go show my support then! Finally a leader with a honest heart! I voted for him and I’m glad !
Honest? 
Cmon, I’ll arrive the next day 
You see I was going up until you said that. You broke my heart Shania.
No matters
I will even buy some new CDs. It’s up to you. I know I am only one person but I have a feeling that one is to many. Shania, you  should try and make it right. Canadians will smile for you again. I hope I use my tickets.
Troll
Fyi NBC hates our President
You want to make it right!? Say it at the CMA, on Canadian soul with your Canadian heart. I’ll be watching you from the audience if you tell me you will do it. I served my country for 28 years, takes courage, do you have it???
Make what right? She did nothing wrong.
Saying you are sorry on Twitter is not ACCEPTABLE! In a world where we are constantly connected by social media we have become DISCONNECTED with humanity. You need to look at the fans and say you are sorry. Saying it on Twitter is an insult because you are “physically” removed.
Oh shut up and let it go.
Thanks I won’t watch.
Doesn't mattee
Juanita, has also a show in Vegas that day, but I love them both, where to go ? Maybe Rita in Phoenix, lol !!!!!
Awesome looking forward to it.
Excellent
#MAGA 
I wish I could be there! but I will definitely be watching #ShaniaTODAY!! 
Love you 
Unfortunately can’t watch it here in Denmark, but I’m looking forward to watch it as soon as your performance is on YouTube or other available platforms 
Now you go rock that scene on Monday on #TODAYShow Shania 
So sorry you were bullied into apologizing about your support of DJT. Guilty of a thought crime. As a Canadian you weren’t eligible to vote for him but expressing the idea is enough to enrage the left. You are safe with us. #MAGA
Well his policies directly negatively affect the lives of a large portion of her fan base so... you Nazis can have her now but she knows how badly she fucked up.
Go cry in your closet. Your feelings were hurt 
So excited to be back at the plaza NYC to perform on @TodayShow on Monday morning! See some of you there 
It will be awesome watching you ,I look forward to your concert  next weekend in Vancouver A LOT
Coward
Indeed you are.
Can't wait 
You Rock Shania!!!
The Whole. Country has their Boots On
Hope you're singing "Swingin' with my Eyes Closed" 
Big fan and wish you good luck on Monday. Would like to get you to Texas to entertain at one of our events for disabled children and adults at West Texas Rehabilitation Center. Again good luck on Monday!
I'm so excited. Love you. And see you in Boston, London and Munich 

We also can’t wait! Queen taking over NYC!
Can’t waiiiiiiiit!

Eu sânt umbra ta de departe...
Cant wait!
I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU KILL IT!!!!
& for real, cuz have a tender heart, I couldn't find the other part, so I keep on searchin' !!!!

Really enjoy you're music but can't watch after your comments about our President
you don't have to
And that's the beauty of America
I Love you Shania Twain beautiful
P.S. what time in the morning Shania?!
Have a great weekend! I’ll be watching Monday!
te amoo
Counting down the hours  what an exciting week it’s gonna be!
I wonder what she will perform this time....? 
Well cant be there this time but ill surely be watching 
I can’t wait to see you here in Brisbane 
Me too
me leva
Can’t wait to watch!
I CAN’T WAIT TO SEE U IN BAZIL 
can’t wait!!
i’ll be watching!! 
TE AMOOOO
