I am not really a country fan but am  now a huge Shania fan.  This interview with Dan Rather is one of the most powerful interviews i have ever seen.  There are so many people that should gain strength from this interview.  Thank you.
YES! We're so glad that you watched and fell in love with @ShaniaTwain!
How can I get this channel????
Look for us here: http://www.axs.tv/subscribe 
I love you
Watched the #TheBigInterview you tube. laid back, open, honest, very candid. Hope Dan got to try Shania's homemade biscuits and vegetarian gravy btw.

This was great !! You are great !)
Cant wait 
 We  Shania sooo much!!
Greetings from Italy 
Already have it set to on DVR to record and remind me to watch it. Wouldnt miss it for the world. Shania is the most amazing woman in the world.
Congratulations Shania see
Yayyyyy
Dan, Shania got married in Puerto Rico
We’re here! 
Unfortunately I can’t watch this in our country, Denmark. Will get a little resume though from my fellow Shania fans who are able to watch it 

I've been waiting for it. Have had mine on record for a week now!
Uhh can‘t wait for this! 
Already recorded!
Can't wait to see this 
Can't wait! What channel in Canada

I am so excited to see this. 
Thank you so much for your honesty about your tumultuous childhood. I too had a difficult upbringing and I admire you so much. Hugs from San Francisco. 
I love & admire Shania, can't wait to see this!
Am here & I love my Idol & this is forever & for always !!!!
Can’t wait
I will be watching...thanks for the heads up !!!
we will see
Hey am here !!! What do you want ?!!!!! Lol ! Yes Shania Twain is my idol & queen !!!! Any other questions, please ?!!!!!
No thanks. Passing on the one who wines so much when she sings.
Dan Rather lied to the country and made up a fake story for politics.  He is a loser.

.....no worries here.....    '4' sure. (Prince never far out ma mind)
Got mines set!
Thanks for the heads up! DVR is set for next Tuesday!! Go ahead and slip me a couple of comp tickets for her Nashville date at @BrdgstoneArena , would ya? That would be a GREAT birthday gift!! 
I will definitely be watching! Love my idol!
Here! She's my Queen! 
I can't wait it ! 
Hugs from Argentina
I want to watch 
Can't wait to see this interview. And I am from Australia  can't wait to see Shania in Vegas and Sydney. Woo hoo.
