Looking forward to your concert in Toronto with my granddaughter what a wonderful Christmas gift
Love that album & being introduced to Shania.
Beautiful song!
1995 I was 5 I'm 27 now and still love your music . See you in Winnipeg in may
And thus began a journey of talent that warms the heart that people can relate to and look up thats personal and so real . The honesty to her fans the graciousness that’s unmatched.  The Queen Of our times
That’s my all time favourite album! 
February 7th...It's my birthday today!!
"The Woman in Me"
Happiest of Happy Birthday's to you.....and MANY More!
Thank you so much!!
I was only 10 yrs old and had the hots for you 
Same here , yeah my fav vid of hers is you win my love , that's what got me hooked on her and also her other video im outta here , she really turned me on in them man
Let's sing some Elvis together
Stay cool young lady.
Did I not share with you,songs as woman in me should be the same emotions with some other  felt new songs . your voice is very lovely and brings out the love it has from your soul,as other's hear the grace God has given you.slow love songs are to be made for you.

Still my favourite album 
More "Country" than almost anything on Country radio today.
I agree! Hey...how about my song, "Out Of Sight, Out Of Mind"............I wrote it for Shania...what do you think?
@TheRealLuvs I HAVE THIS ONE & ALL YOUR CDS .
IT WAS MY FATHER FEB-7 MAY HE REST IN PEACE.MISS YOU DAD
.
In my top 5 favorite albums!! Of course, the other top 4 are Up!, Come On Over, Now, and Shania Twain. I’m sure anyone who knows me would have guessed that ;-)
I love you forever.

I have it.
Dang I so totally love Shania Twain! I can listen to her songs all day and it never gets old
My 4th favorite album ever! (just behind "Now", "Up!" And "Come on Over")
Great album !!!!!!!!! 
Still know all the words! "Come On Over," though, got me through my divorce.
Will never forget asking a singin' buddy about it mid 90's, "how's the rest of it?" He stated "every song on it's great!" YEP!
Wow I bought that album twice 
I love love love the album and song/video so much! I mean, look at my handle!  Love you Queen!
Shania!!! My daughter Gloria missed the email that was sent for her to do a video call with you!!! She is so sad!!! She is 6 and would love to sing with you on stage! Can she please get another chance??!!

Fell in love with Shania the first time I saw the Any Man of Mine video! Beautiful voice beautiful woman!!!
maravilloso
There is a reason you sold over 12 million copies of this album... it was and always will be incredible!! As a songwriter, you rocked it on every single song on this album.  Impeccably written, beautifully delivered along with videos that changed the world!  You are #SHANIA
One of my favorite songs and videos 
Smoking .....
Beautiful song from a VERY Beautiful woman. You are my FAVORITE Country Artist and always will be.  Hugs, Vance Warren
<3
Love that album
Can't wait till May road trip to your concert with some very special Senior girls. #Vbcoachandherawesomeplayersshaniaroafyrip#chicago#emilygracelillyjessicamaggie
I love this song and every song on this album, they are part of my life, and you really light up our lives with your music. thanks for 'The Women In Me'
Thanks for making me feel really old. PS. I listen you your ‘Shania Twain’ album at least 4 times a week.   Love that album so much #WhatMadeYouSayThat
That was the first album I ever received as a gift it was for my second birthday! I still have it and listen to it all the time!  thank you for being incredible!

Happy aniversity
This album is iconic queen you are the best.
And what a flawless album it is 
Lovely
Ce regard-là avec ces yeux-là me tappe-là & m'a mis à plats !!!
Great songs
It’s certainly a day to celebrate  Still such an amazing album #TheWomanInMe 
One of my favorite songs Shania !!
Thank you 
Love all Shania music!!
Love that one, as well. 
God Bless the Child 

An awesome album
The time is flying by far too quickly. Congrats on a great album!
Truly iconic
Seems like yesterday !!!... maybe because i listened to it yesterday !! ... what a wonderful album it was !!... Thanks for making it as Beautiful as You did!!!
PERFORM YOU WIN MY LOVE ON TOUR
YES PLEASE

Yes you did and IT WAS FABULOUS!
Your best album in my opinion
That was great
That CD changed everything! Made me “crossover” to country music.
She has awsome pictues , so why postin' this Mr. Thorton ?!!
It's my birthday Shania! Can I get a retweet? You're still the one!
Holy Heck!! I feel younger than I normally do now! I was born in 1995, ie: I wasn't even alive when this came out!! Despite this, you are one of my favourite artists/inspirations so it's true when people say great music lasts! 
No Words can describe how fantastic this album is. That tracklist is amazing 
My fav Album by far!!! 
A very nice album! 
LIFE CHANGING 
Ms. Shania: You need to give yourself more credit. You didn't just release your second album. You released a ground-breaking, iconic, PLATINUM album that changed the face of country music. It was historic in which you redefined feminism and paved new artistry. THATS WHAT YOU DID
Amazing Comment! 
Still one if my favourite albums ever
Unbelievable  At that time life seemed to have a steady pace-not like now-when its just whipping by! I remember every bit of your success from the very beginning. Being Canadian helps as we are reminded of it everywhere we go!
I still listen to it!!  One of my favorites for 23 years and counting 
The Woman In Me 
(released February 7, 1995)
Certification: 12 Million RIAA(U.S.); 2 Million (Canada)
12 tracks! 
Congrat Queen! 
Thanks for your Music in my Heart!
My fav song here The Woman In Me (Needs The Man In You)
Hugs! I Love your Music! 
Yeah this is on my list of top 5 favorite albums! I can listen to this from beginning to end and never get tired of it! All such beautiful and lovely songs! #TheWomanInMe 
And it was and is still a fabulous album xx soooo excited to see you in may
Another fine album from you 
Best album ever  women is me is now on replay for life 
The Woman in Me needs a hug Shania. A "where have u been" family type one.
I'm hearin' it at this very moment !!!!! Lovely, but it's not the only album I love the woman in you as I am the man in me !!!!
The first cassette I ever bought
And what a record it is. Amazing.
I was 18 back then
And after all this time, it still wins our love! 
I have that album,,#loveit #shania  You are Awesome !!
On my wife's 25th birthday.1995. Great song.
My favorite album! 
greatest album ever
Disapointing  Arizona women - at your 98 concert there - give me the contemptous  quarrel bitch attitude ? - & hideous grotesque faces ? - who coached the nonsense ? -  CLear channel ?
i know EVERY WORD to EVERY SONG on this album. it was the first album i ever recorded onto a cassette tape. my grandmother had the CD and her best friend got me a radio and blank tapes for my birthday i wanted my own copy so i sat for an hour to record it onto my own tape 
Awesome. And I still listen to it everyday #TheWomanInMe #awesome #ShaniaTwain
And I was celebrating my fist birthday! I’ve been listening to your music since then at least and I’m seeing you in July! 
which is your favorite cut on the album?   #ShaniaTwain
Happy birthday #TheWomanInMe @ShaniaTwain
The Woman in Me. Needs you to be.. The Man in my arms. To hold tenderly. Cause i’m a woman in love. And it’s you I run to. Yeah the woman in me. Needs a Man in You.. #mykindaslowsong
My 10th birthday. So happy that me and The Woman In Me share a birthday.
And a lovely album at that 
Hard to believe it was that long ago.
My favorite !
One of my favorites queen @ShaniaTwain
Icon ! One of ur best
One of my first albums!
I LOVE THIS ALBUM SO MUCH OMG
That was a great album
Love the Album 
And it was amazing 
That was the first cassette tape that I ever owned. In 1996, I got a CD player and your debut album was the first compact disc I ever owned. Funny how it all tracks back!
And it was sooooooo good
How time flys!
ICONIC! Love it!!
Happy 23rd anniversary! I'm a huge fan of your work, Shania! Never stop signing!
Hi
My favourite album by you!
Epic sophomore album!
Great album!!
honestly the best album to ever exist
And what an album!  I love it so much and I still listen to it every day.

Legendary album! The title track makes me cry it’s so real!  
One of my favorites 
I listen to the bible
I love this album 
A ground-breaking album that changed country music forever 
You’re still an icon 
Still my fav .
"I'm not always strong, and sometimes I'm even wrong, but I win when I choose, and I can't stand to lose..."   your lyrics!!!
such a beautiful album!! 
