Shania you are the all time greatest! Have had a mad crush on you since you stole my heart with your "Boots" #1 fan, you rock!!
See you in Tacoma, Vancouver 2x, and Vegas!!!
OH YEAH! I'll be at the Vancouver show May 5th!

Tu vieillies très bien 
Shania !
1 month May 3rd!!!  Row 16, Seat 1 on the left side of the catwalk, Tacoma Dome. So excited!!!!
1 month 12 days 8 hours 28 mins. Lol. See ya in St. Paul on May 15th!!!
See you in Winnipeg May 13
ITS AWESOME GREAT .
Not only this country...but THE World.!!!
No thank you. I already have a ticket. I''l see you in october, Amsterdam.
My girlfriends and I are coming to see you when you come to Little Rock .
See you in Vegas and Sydney  financially drowning but idc nothing will stop me from seeing you.
Best wishes for a good tour
Real
So excited!
@lielaap
You're doing so many tour dates this year this will be you at the end
you want me to tell you there are 3 there are 3 good reasons for you to stop the tour that you know now that tchanter and you are no one you sing like a saucepan and you are the worst singer
If I ever bother u, I will quit, cuz "am a quitter" !!!! A big fan !!!! Stay stronger, be happy & we love you, take BIG care  !!!!
Another ladylike star who was always shy but bloomed late in life natural beauty!!!
I Dont Blame You For Not Wanting To Come To Timmins But Just Know For Us Fans That Still Live Here We Would Love To See You Perform Atleast Until We Can Make It To You One Day! So Much Love From The Hardship Of Home Shania
What about Argentina?
"Bothering" is the word you hate ? Am I ?
I wanna see u in concert so bad. It would be a dream come true
See you in October 
I love 

I hope me entering this contest gets me access to seeing you in chicago!
WAITING FOR YOU August 18th IN BRAZIL FINALLY 
well more and more(xxoo) hospital coming on line with us now my hearts is your shelter, my arms your (looking forward to us meeting as I am sure you are) homes, cudles, so about my Back Stage passes!
Que lastima que no vengas a Argentina
See you in Sioux Falls May 16th!  @PREMIER_Center
This is awesome
Woo Hoo! VANCOUVER may 5th!
Can't wait to u come to philly

Are you going to be here I miss you so much xo lol the song video with you Mr Richie I pretend it's me sing to you Shania xo
What a woman!!!
I'm so proud of you my friend!!!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!
YOU ARE THE 10TH BEACON OF LIGHT AND HOPE AND LOVE!!!!!!!!!
See you in DUNEDIN NZ!
No puede ser world tour, sino pasa por México. 
@ShaniaTwain next year, maybe... 
Shania Your So Sweet Keep On Singing
@DeesNutz83 @kaitlyn.leonbruno
You're so excited to "Now tour" NOW !!!!

Can't wait too see you in Ireland!!! You are amazing and so is the new album!!! Xxx
I wish I can meet shania

I see In Las Vegas Queen !
I can't wait it!
Hugs from Argentina!
I’m still dreaming that you’ll add a Christchurch NZ date 
I'll be there in one month. Got my tickets to your May 3 show few months ago
I cant wait Shania!!!
Nice!! : )
YYA
See you in the UK in October. Can't wait!
See you in London exactly 6 months today!! So excited!!! #ShaniaNOW
My sister’s birthday is May 14. I’m taking her to the Saskatoon show May 12.
See you in May at @RogersArena!
You look great and boy you're going to be selling out everywhere. I had the date on my car that "Now" was available and you have quite a few fans in the Hershey,Pa,Harrisburg,Pa and York,pa plus Gettysburg,Pa that had said they also loved your music. Stay safe out there.
Will you please please please squeeze in Wales, United Kingdom please?  
I still have to wait until September but it’s definitely going to be worth the wait!!! You were my very first concert in Belfast 2004 and now I get to see you again in the same place - Bliss 
One month until #ShaniaNOW tour.  If you're still considering playing "Party for Two" (as shown in your potential setlist below), please bring @mark_mcgrath for some shows. ie: The Canadian dates, so I can witness the greatness of my two favourite people on stage for myself. 
@madisonkayt1
Ahhhh!
C’est super mais pourquoi pas de concert en France ?
Can't wait!! #TicketsPurchased #VIP #iAintNoQuitter
A new album tour is everything I've dreamt of since I saw the Up! Tour kick-off show in Hamilton at age 10.  VIP again with my twin 
Let s go Shania.... 
I’ll be there!
Only 94 days until I get to see you in Toronto  We are so excited to have our Canadian girl back home! Can’t wait to see you 
30 fricken days till I get to see my idol
Cant wait to see you in concert again
 You always put on amazing shows.  See you in June.
Yessss Shania!!! Can't wait to see youuuu!!  #ShaniaNOW tour
I'm so  excited
SEE YOU IN FIVE MONTHS
Me searching for friends and money to go see @ShaniaTwain in Las Vegas
Hi Shania, you must have heard or, maybe you haven't?  Either way, 
I'll tell http://you.now , God is great and nothing compares to you!
dans 6 mois à Londres avec mes sœurs et ma maman 
Wish i could see you
See you here. BRAAAAZIL
Can’t wait to see you in Tampa with my bff @lexychristinexo
Still the http://one.you  re my Bestie 
me, @LOVESHANlA and @lisaberndle met on twitter because of you and we’ll be meeting for the first time at your concert in DC on july 15th front row 
YES SHANIAAAAAA LOVE YOUU
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU HERE IN BRAZIL YAYY 
I’ll be dancing from the nose bleeds :)
I'll see you July 17 Miss Shania 
4th time in July 
Can't wait to see your show in Nashville !!!!!
I hope this video is a hint that Rock This Country will be part of the setlist, it's the perfect opening song
We’re definitely counting down here too  
ShaniaNOW
Can’t wait for it to get here, but I will be so sad when it’s over #conflicted
Remember the time I was singing at the top of my lungs in the front row. I wasn’t paying attention - you stood right in front of me and said “Sing it Girl!” I about died. Let’s do it again?!
I am literally watching @ShaniaTwain  #OnDemand on @cogeco at this moment ...hmm #kismet ? #lol
See you in September at the Manchester Arena
Waiting patiently 
ONE MONTH THATS SO SOON
IM SO EXCITED I WILL DIE
SO EXCITED!!!!!!!
YES YES YES!!!
perform forever and for always pls
I am so excited! This is going to be epic and so much fun!
See you in July!!
