Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two
Party for Two



Swingin’ 
Home Now
I’m Alright 
Roll me on the river
We Got Something 
Because Of You
You can’t buy love
Life’s About 
Soldier/ Poor Me
All in All
Man! I feel 
Still the one
Impress
Nah!
No one needs to know
I’m gonna getcha
From this moment 
You win my love
I ain’t goin down
 all of them
Yesss! 
@ShaniaTwain could extend the show time for.... a couple of weeks 
Would be nice 
All of  your songs lets make a night of it Ill buy first drinks 
Then I’ll come on over too Terri
Somebody said drinks? 


Hi Shania me and these gals in this conversation would like to invite you to a girl's night. Were going out tonight. Were feeling alright gonna let it all hang out! 
Cool invitation @malshania  I’m sure Shania can’t resist it 
Latgg / soldier / poor me / tdimm / miflaw ... 
I hope your concerts will consist of most of your songs from your NOW album:
LATGG, LKAMU, SWMEC,WGBYG,RMOTR,YCBL,HN,WGBSOL,AIA 
and from your prev. albums:
MIFLAW,COO,TDIMM,HIH,JUANITA,FAFA,IGGYG 
......Yes, that’s the playlist for your concerts - I’m very satisfied 
Oh My, how could I forget “Poor Me”, I definitely want to hear that one too 
Woman in me love that song
@ReedmanShannon this is what I was on about earlier 
I would love to hear”Where Do You Think Youre Going”! It’s so dramatic and stunning 
Please play a lot of your older songs like the ones off of Come on over.
It would be amazing if you snag You lay a whole lot of love on me
Shania, can I be honest? I’d prefer more songs from NOW over ‘Party’ and Quitter. So far though, the rest looks AMAZING. Plus, I’m Alright is included 
No, Shania please play more of your old stuff.
All of them??? 
I’m outta here!!!
«You win my love» 
Every song on “Come On Over” please Shanaynay 
YESSSSSS
Man I feel like a woman, honey I’m home, who’s bed have your boots been under!!! All of your old music!!!
I totally agree!! she needs to play her old stuff.
My Grandad LOVES Rock This Country!! Please!!
JUANITA
JUANITA 
JUANITA 
JUANITA
Please play my favourite song “When” During the Toronto concerts
#allinAll #cestLaVie #ForeverAndForAlways #HomeNow #ain'tGoinDown
I want WHEN
I wanna hear somethig special, just like the song "don't be impossible" !!!!!
Thank You Baby!
 Nah!
Forever and for Always 
Please yes up I need up
Let’s kiss and make up!! 
All of your songsEspecially the ones you seldom sing on stage, like Juanita, Dance with One that Brought You and Raining on Our Love And... Would you like to come to Hong Kong?Desperate to see you
Your voice !!!!!
I would love to hear "Thank you baby!", because when I listen to your music, those are the words I would say to you. Because your music has brought me back when I have been in dark places and want to say "Thank you Shania" 
All in All, Life's About to Get Good, God Bless the Child, Ain't No Particular Way :)
Rock This Country..Remember Kilkenny Concert in 2003 ?
I’m Jealous, Who’s Gonna Be Your Girl, Let’s Kiss And Make Up, I’m Alright, Poor Me and many many more!
Just you.
HI How about a Ticket for A Canadian ? /;-)
PLEASE PLAY YOUR OLDER MUSIC!!
If you DO sing Party for Two (P42), PLEASE have @mark_mcgrath with you - it would be More Fun!  My twin @chelsealouanne & I would go crazy
Home Now would be the PERFECT intro! 15 years in the making, this new album tour. You're finally home. At last. 
That would really give me goosebumps, hearing Home Now as the opening song. It would be very meaningful.
My setlist slays feel free to steal it
Pretty good selection.
I'll buy you ice cream, vegan ice cream, if you put NAH!!!! Everybody loves Nah, I need Nah!!!!!

THANK YOU BABY PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE or... it only hurts when i'm breathing 

Honestly, any song you sing is going to be amazing! <3
I would do ANYTHING to hear C'est la Vie live again.  The Woman in Me as well. Nah! would be very fitting for this tour. Plus, you skipped it on the Up! Tour. Black Eyes, Blue Tears.
Hallelujah!  Your Still The One
Forever and For Always! When You Kiss Me!
All in All. Let’s Kiss and Make Up.
I know it's unrealistic but if you do nah! I will love you forever
yesssss, Nah!!!!
Chicago loves you. Im praying I can see you when you come in may. Ive wanted to see you live since you came to grant park in 2003. Offically 18 so hopefully works out. :)
Jealous
When you kiss me
The woman in me
I would love to heard "Home Now". "Roll me on The river" "Who's gonna be your girl" Please sing a lot of the new songs! I would love "Don't " Instead of "I ain't no quitter!
That I am getting three tickets up front to see if close to myhome
"Because Of You"
You've got a way with me
Not sure if I'm accurate with the title but you know the song I'm sure. Love that tune!
Just your beautiful voice and everyone will be happy!
@ShaniaTwain All of my favourite songs from you are: "Man, I Feel Like a Woman", "That Don't Impress Me Much", "Up!", "She's Not Just a Pretty Face", "Juanita", "I'm Gonna Getcha Good" & "Forever and For Always"
Up
Up!
I want to hear Don’t Be Stupid and (If Your Not in it for Love) I’m Outta Here
Please: NowTour.
1. MIFLAW. 
2. "You Can't Buy Love"
3. Home Now.
4. Swingin` with my eyes closed. 
5. Up. 
6. No one needs to know. 
7. Any man of mine. 
8. Life`s about to get good. 
9. Honey, im home.
10. That dont impress me much.
Ballad section.
11. From this moment on. 
12. Because of you. I Won't Leave You Lonely, Forever and for always (medley)
13. Soldier. 
14. You`re still the one.
Lets party again.
15. Roll me on the river. 
16. All In All. 
17. Im Alright. 
18. Ka-ching.
19. Im gonna getcha good.
Encore.
20. We got something they dont. 
21. Rock this country.
Why do I need more songs? I feel like I left out songs that I love. Maybe because there is no song of yours that I do not love!
Thanks for your Music! 
We Love you! See you in Las Vegas! 
I can't wait it! Hugs from Argentina! 
You’re still the one and I would love to hear you sing “you’re still the one” on your tour! 
All of your 90’s music @ShaniaTwain
@ShaniaTwain definitely You’ve Got a Way!!!
Whose bed /// any man  #playtheoldies
Man i feel like a woman! Up!
Woohoo Shania is back 
Georges Reynaud je ies aime toutes les chansons a bientôt
wait...P42 DUET!??!  I didn't see this the first time! Sweet! 
It's Niall or Nick. 
Harry 
#manifeellikeawoman anything really!! #whosbedhaveyourbootsbeenunder 
Getcha would be a super closing track!
#ForeverAndForAlways @ShaniaTwainES ? 
It would be more "Forever and for always" and the queen knows it

Propongo campaña antes de que la reina cierre la lista
Honey I'm home 
ANY!! just not cancel the show like vegas! Hrs before PLEASE!!! Im from mexico flying AGAIN to see you in denver
Raining on our Love!! You're Still the One!! Where Do You Think You're Going?!! Whatever You Do, Don't!! Poor Me!!
I actually love All in all
Man  I feel like a woman 
That doesn't impress me much 
Home
Swinging 
I'm gonna betcha 
From this moment 
Party for two 
Old songs and new ones mainly ones listed above
You’re still the one 
No one needs to know!! Please please pleeeeeeease 
Any man of mine, poor me, forever & for always, let’s kiss and make up, nah,  come on over, life’s about to get good, honey I’m home. I can go on... 
EVERYTHING IS BEAUTIFULL  IN TIME YOU SING À SONG MAGIC LIGHTS INSIDE ME MAKE ME STAY A LIVE IN PEACE AND MY SOUL ARE IN HAPPYNESS 
I'm not gonna be at the show but i'm all these tweets r not helpful to @ShaniaTwain technically every song has been selected
All in all
Everythink 
"Because Of You"  #ShaniaNOW
That don´t impress me that much!. When are you comin´to Chile?


still like the old ones ,it takes two ,any man of mine
I love you Queen I’m your biggest fan
And release on DVD and CD
Where do you think you're going? Roll me on the river. Who's gonna be your girl
I love all your songs my fav is honey im home
“No One Needs To Know” please 
Still the one
Forever and for always
How could I choose!? I know every song word for word!!!!!!!
Still the one I love
Hits home
Swinging with my eyes closed and soldier and life's about to get good
Whos bed has your boots been under ... cant wait to see you !! 
I’m gonna getcha good!! And forever and for always  @fionalennox
Open: 
Man I Feel Like A Woman
Act 1:
LATGG
Up
Roll Me On The River
Act 2:
We Got Something
Kiss&Make Up
Impress
Act 3:
Medley (Any Man, Boots, Win My Love)
Home Now
Don't Be Stupid (Replace Quitter)
PF2
Act 4:
Still The One
Because Of U
From This Moment
Act 5:
Swingin
Getcha! 
I’m gonna getcha good, you’ve got a way
I’m outta here!
Replace QUITTER with DONT
I’m alright, where do you think you’re going, from this moment
- She’s not just a pretty face
- In my car
- Thank you baby
- Juanita

Please 
Brazil  love u
All you old hits! They are incredible!
What made you say that 
Poor me, swingin, lifes about to, honey im home, impress, man i feel, still the one, party for two. Im just sooo excited to see you in june with my mom, she hasnt been to a concert in over 20 years!
 I wanna go
From this moment, only hurts when I’m breathing, Nah!, UP, Thank you Baby, and man I feel like a woman  #ShaniaNOW
No one needs to know.... 
Rock this country.......
Honey I’m home......
That don’t impress me much....
Dont be stupid......
The woman in me.....
Who’s gonna be your girl...
Love gets me every time....
When.....
 Man I Feel Like a Woman  From this moment  Your Still the One Who’s Bed Have your Boots   Been under


Dance with the one that brought you
ANYTHING, and maybe something NEW....
Forever and for always
Home ain't where his heart is
What made you say that
I'm alive
Who's gonna be your girl
Is there life after love
Up
When
You win my love
Love gets me every time
The classics!!
and then everything else that follows
I want to hear you're still the one
Dream set list includes, because of you I'm me, when, if it don't take two, I ain't going down, black eyes blue tears, and what made you say that
From this moment 
every single song off every single album
From this moment 
Any man of mine 
Anything Really! u are #1
Announce more Australian shows PLEASE
HONEY IM HOME !!!!!!! 
Any Man of Mine, The Woman in Me, Love Gets Me Every Time, Juanita, Nah!, C’est La Vie, and Pour Me.

But most importantly, If You Wanna Touch Her, Ask! and She’s Not Just a Pretty Face because they’re relevant more than ever in 2018 with #MeToo
I’ve been dreaming of hearing “Don’t Be Stupid” live since I was 5. I can’t remember a time in my life I haven’t known the lyrics or music video by heart 
Everything!!
From this moment on feat @backstreetboys
Shania you can sing the "yellow rose of Texas" blue suede shoes.....you would still be the all time cross over queen of country.
Yes, to benefit concert for Collegiate Bridges!
All your songs but then again you gotta come play for your fans in #Goa #India 
When you kiss me and soldier, let’s kiss and make up now!
I’m Holdin’ On To Love To Save My Life!!!!!!!!
And When actually
Everything!
All your songs about Love is what usually tops the chart, I was really expecting some modern classic love songs from NOW. Play the songs that captivated your fans like Your still the one, forever and always, From this moment & You got a way which all symbolizes mainly #love
From this moment in duet
A personal favorite is   SHOES from the D.H. Soundtrack! Would love it on the tour!
Please Please play NAH! my little girl won't forgive me if you don't . Scott x
Something old, something new. Something borrowed, something blue. 
You could put up some polls and let us choose.
Definitely songs from your very first album
No One Needs To Know. And Today Is Your Day, please? ......  can’t wait to see you perform at the @ManchesterArena 
Love Gets Me Every Time! Pleaseee
All the old music!!!!!
Please please sing “Man, I Feel Like a Woman!” and “Party for Two” 
Freebird!!!
I ordered the CD & free patches were supposed to be included. Never got the patches.
Poor me #ShaniaNOW #ianFavoritesPlaylist
I will survive
You're still the one 
The woman in me
Nah
Up
From this moment on
Forever and for always
Who's gonna be your girl
Still the one
I'm gonna getcha good
That don't impress me much
Poor me
Life's About To Get good
Solider
Still the one
From this moment on
Man I feel like a woman
If your not in it for love (I'm outta here)
Up
Come on over
The oldies!!! Come on over album !! 
"When" is one of your best, most underrated songs, in my opinion! Sooo beautiful!!!
If You're Not In It For Love (I'm Outta Here)!
#ShaniaInVegas - Classic Songs: I’m Gonna Getcha Good, It Only Hurts When I’m Breathing, Thank You Baby! (For Makin’ Someday Come So Soon) & You Win My Love. #ShaniaNOW Album: Swingin’ With My Eyes Closed, We Got Something They Don’t, & All In All. You rock @shaniatwain! Thanks!
"All in All" "You're Still the One"! 
"Your still the one"
I’m seeing you on this tour and I WANT WANT WANT “You win my love!” 
#WhosGonnaBeYourGirl..I Love This Song..It's So Beautifully Written, Arranged, And Of Course The Way You Sing It Shania! #RollMeOnTheRiver Is Another! Its Such A Badass Song! #ShaniaNOW #June4 #DuluthGA #ILOVESHANIA 
As long as Forever And For Always and Poor Me is on there, we'll be happy! Of course there's more too, like Breathing/Kiss/Today/Moment/Getcha/Still/Soldier... But that may just be greedy. 
When you kiss me 
Today is Your Day!!!!!
Honey I’m home,man I feel like a woman, Swinging with my eyes closed, any man of mine.
Not so much from the new album. More from your show in Vegas!  #shaniaclassics #seeyouinaustin #imtheguyinthefifthrowwithashaniaaustinshirton
Ain't goin down
Whose bed have boots been under
The woman in me
I'm jelaous
When you kiss me
Forever and for always
Juanita 
I'm Alright
Home Now 
Life's About To Get Good
No one needs to know
Any man of mine
I'm gonna getcha good
Up!
I ain't no quitter
You win my love
A party is made for two, you can't make a party with one person, just like applause , you can't applause with one hand !!!!
Would love to hear a medley of ballads old and new like you did on your Come on over tour....
i’m gonna getcha good!!! I have a video from when I was 5 singing it in my garage with my mom in her mustang!!! lol
Forever and for always 
Swinging With My Eyes Closed, Roll Me On The River, We've Got Something They Don't, Because Of You, Nah!, You Can't Buy Love
Who’s Bed Have Your Boots Been Under  #classic
You invinting me up on stage??????
Jim Morrison - ghost Lizzard ?
From this moment!!!!
Also, it only hurts when I'm breathing 
I want to hear you say you’ll come back to Australia soon. Couldn’t afford tickets this time and I promised my wife 15 years ago I would take her to see you when you were back in Australia. Disappointed I won’t get to see you this time, barring some kind of miracle.
I’m Holdin’ On To Love (To Save My Life)!,  Whatever You Do! Don’t! , and Today Is Your Day 
@bell12804 and I are SOOOO excited by the way!! What better way to celebrate your 30th birthday than by seeing your favorite artist of ALL TIME? FLOOR SEATS!! You’re gonna rock it @ShaniaTwain !!!!  #Queen
I LITERALLY CAN'T WAIT
Dedication to never give up on your dreams...
Time to get up
Feel like a woman
Who’s gonna be your girl, I’m alright, soldier, all in all!!
Literally everything from your Greatest Hits album when you come to Las Vegas please 
Rock this country 
Why does @ShaniaTwain have to have soooo many great songs? There is just not enough time in one concert for her to sing every song I want to hear...which would be every single one, ever!  Like, how can she possibly decide which songs to cut out?!?!
Hmmm. At least 8 songs off #ShaniaNOW and 2 each from previous albums (including 1st). Surprise us! Please not 6-7 from RTC.
Party for two with @billycurrington  (sorry Mark )
When you kiss me
I give up send for me you win come get me please shawn
Rock this country
Going to see you in London Ontario onJuly 4th hope you sing “My Soldier” absolutely beautiful. I love your new CD and totally love all of your music @ShaniaTwain 
Rock this country has to be in there! Acoustic
Today is Your Day
Whatever you sing is fine by me!!
Don’t be stupid
Forever and for always  ALWAYS
Dear god remove Party for 2 & Quitter puh-Puhleez.
The entire tracklist of Up! 
... BOTH Red and Green versions 
Every song!!!! How can you choose lol Love you!
#UrBiggestFanSince6&NOW31
