See you at Praga
Praha not praga , lol !!!!
În română se numește Praga
I though it was in Cseck !!!
Argentina?
Ojalá! Please Queen! C'mon!
Un Sueño que .. Jamás voy a poder realizar...Ir a un Show de SHANIA Twain..ni en otra vida...la Reina de la voz Country.. saludos desde Argentina 
I can’t wait to see you here in Brazil 
Have a great time ,I know you will put on a great show..!!!
What about Juanita, curazon mio !!!!
You never come to Mexico  So sad  Ponganse las pilas @Zignia_Live @ocesa_pop @BOBOProduccion  o alguien por favor!!! 
@kasstagency  please!!!!!!
You're going to see a drastic fall in sales. You're just another brainwashed puppet who committed career suicide with your statement about my President.

Will u marry me my bb girl? 
Are you having a BLAST, Shania?!!! Sing!  Fly!  Sing!  We  you!
So excited!

Will you play lot of your new songs?
Hook me up with tix
Come back to northern Ontario please!
This is one of my best track, please can you post also, No one needs to know, up close and personal 2004. Love you so much.
May your so called world tour flop, I honestly mean it.
Lucky Aussies
When will you be having a concert in the Philippines? Me and my partner is a big fan of yours and we would love to see your show. 
Got mine
Can't wait to see your concert in August I'm  so excited!
When you’re on that student life and can’t afford 
Come to Mexico!!! Please!!!! 
very very very video  I love you Shania Tawain
Oye hoyeee... Superb
I wish you show in Portland Oregon.
Can't wait !!  SEE YOU IN JUNE ☆☆☆
Your the best !! See you in June !!
O' Twain my Twain, 
you know when I pull out
my gun tooty for point-n-shooty
you K.O instantly. 

We were skating in Dinsdale honey,
we got hit by a double decker bus in 2021.
To die by your side Shania is such an honour,
I'm a prophet, trust me, we died together. 

*gently bite*
When you laugh, my heart beats !!!! 
Finally I will fulfill my dream, to see, for the first time, a show of  yours here in Brazil. I hope I'm lucky to hold you and tell you how much  I love you! 
My favorite country singer she is always the best singer at a concert Shania Twain has a beautiful voice
See you at the first Sydney show my queen. Mum and I can't wait. We love you.
Yess I Mine Queen You Still The One
Can’t wait for my turn. A special treat for me and my wife at our first concert
December 14 is my birthday  but I'll be seeing you front row in Hamilton and meeting you in Toronto 
oh my....hot as ever. @FoxNews @cnn @msnbc @abc @cbs @nbc @latimes @nytimes
From one @TimminsPress girl to another...let's show our solidarity, DM me for details. #truenorthpride
Okay 
December can't come soon enough. See you in Auckland!
Great news!
See you in Brisbane 
see you at all three new zealand shows!!!!!
