
CON ESTO TE TAPAMOS EL HOCICO ENRIQUE OCHOA DE LO QUE LADRAS DE LOPEZ OBRADOR, Y SI NO NOS COMPRUEBAS QUE ESTE VÍDEO ES UNA MENTIRA SOBRE LOS CORRUPTOS RATEROS…
Que tendrá que ver? 
Qué?  Y qué supone que deban hacer Shania y Mrs Ross?


Ok. Wish I never saw that.  Is that her new level of love?
You ARE FREAKIN AMAZING SHANIA. LOVE YOU.
Hello sunshine go fore it you are good singer :)
I love you my name is Farahnaz I’m lranian
Beautiful!
Beautiful 
Radha Swami
Shania: you sing the song better “my endless love” 
WOW! You and Diana Ross! so cool!
My two favorite artist!
Man she looks like a woman
"I'm gonna hug you and kiss you and love you forever”
She is a living legend and certainly one of my life enhancing moments was the night I had the privilege of watching her live. Sheffield, UK circa 1994/5. Absolute class. To have seen her and @ShaniaTwain well that's just priceless!
Shania Fangirling Diana now that is something you don’t get to see everyday love it #IconicStars #picoftheday
Nice pic
Lovely
Come visit us again in Albany Ny love your shows . Thank you
hi dearest Shania Twain very very lovely
Legends! Love you shania! Come to Timmins Ontario! 
What's your favorite Diana Ross song? Mine is with The Supremes "Come See About Me"
That’s a hard one! Maybe “Ain’t No Mountain High Enough,” “Touch Me in the Morning,” or “Missing You.” Haha!! I can’t decide.
Love this great connection!!!
Two Legend ! I have never seen a more iconic photo in my life
You could get lost in her hair! Lol
She is ageless and Fabulous
Great pic! Both of you look beautiful! 
Is @DianaRoss wearing black mules  ? Fabulous
S-Hero Worship
Lovely shania twain our choice 
dos estrellas dos amores
Hiding in the hair
Both ladies look amazing

Nice to see that Dianna is still rocking.
Diana Ross, its important for trade check ur mail and see if the same comic book building has been bought twice #startrek and seized twice #911 #KateMiddleton William. Love Will. Its morning coffee and smokes.
I wish I was in Vegas right now haha Shania so I could hopefully run into you  you look gorgeous and I love your jacket.
@ShaniaTwain @DianaRoss ...LEGENDS 
My two Dream Girls, Where are ya's?  @Dianaross I want to hear before I die! Did ya's do a duet? OMG how exciting would that be to see! #BeccaToldMeSo lost her battle today.  Do a song and FB it maybe live..be Awesome! Come to Moncton Ladies !
Agless queens!!!
Aw, look at you two! 
2 legends

Two beautiful amazing singers right there!
You should do a duet with Diana!
Two awsome & great  ladies !!!!! Love 'em both !!! Lol !!!!
OMG. I need air.  Never knew I needed this #Boss
DO A DUET TOGETHER PLZ
Two beautiful icons!!
2 legends
Gosh I love my favorite country singer Shania Twain such a Hot Legend
Oh wow.  Did the camera explode from all that beauty? :)
Now that would be a show to see!!
What a nice picture two wonderfully talented beautiful women 
Oh how exquisite! 2 Amazing legendary  stars  .   to and for both of you!
Queen of Country meets Queen of Motown #legendsbothofyou xx
Still the best Superbowl performance ever thanks DR
You two are a God send to mother earth for all of us to enjoy your beautiful voices, and your beautiful selfs!!!! Thank you for sharing !! Love you both !!
Divas

wOW LEGEND
I thought that was Oprah at first glance.  
What an amazing pic too.
So cool
@jofis77  pmsl x
Beautiful woman 
I love youuuuuu 
Two very beautiful divas.... 

Two legends.....Love you both...... Cheers
yes love @ShaniaTwain
Yep

Beautiful
had the pleasure seeing both artists perform in #Sheffield amazing fabulous singers
Wow, Miss Diana! Beautiful, legend. 
Look at you two timeless beauties.
Gorgeous ladies. it.
you are truly SO BEAUTIFUL

Shania-karaoke...?
Legendsssssss 
Seen Diana 5 times here in Scotland. Icon. Amazing voice and stage presence.
2 superstars together xx
You are the best and beautiful, kisses and hugs
amazing artists 
I want a Shania hug like that 
Don't we all 
YOU ARE SO CUTE
...It's a very nice pic! 
miss ross doesn't seem to be to loving
Love 
We love iconic women 

QUEENS
uma foto me salvou
o wow !!now thats to cool love her music 
Queens
i love so much :(
: )) (( :
Epic duo right there!
What a great picture
Love you Shania 

Queens
Queeens 
Amazing singers
