Happy Easter @ShaniaTwain 
I see you in Las Vegas with my Friend @ShaniaTwainES !
We Love you Queen! 
Hugs from Argentina!
I got tickets for show in kentucky which i could meet@shaniatwain
 Love you! 
Will always do !!!!!
Hey @ShaniaTwain I Wish I could Go To See You In LA Every Since I Was A Little Girl Your Songs Change My Life Of Every I Am Not Going To Hurt You Anymore I Known That You Always Want A  Daughter To Me I Am Not Going To Letting You Go @ShaniaTwain  You Make Me happy and Smile you
You are a great country singer
That's awesome. I'm so excited to see you again! Vegas and Sydney 
Happy Easter, sweet @ShaniaTwain may this day be the beginning of many good things to come. That on this Easter day the joy of the child that rejoices in You resounds. May the miracle of life enchant your heart.

Diva é diva ! 
Beijos do Brasil, meu amor! 
Can’t wait for December to go to my first ever concert and it will be my favourite Shania Twain 
when you see us, you will be satisfied, when you are satisfied, we will also be happy ... oops I almost forgot to hug you...
te amoo
Happy Happy Easter Shania
Love you
Happy Easter pick one??
Shania,

I'm gonna buy you a supercharger see if you can charge your beam cream lazer.

Do you know what I did with Michael Jordan? I bought him a ladder for him to dunk for the last time, can you believe people still ask me if I can dunk? They have no heart like you, catchaplane
you talk a whole lotta crap

I've got mine!
It's a sign. See what I did there
. You're everywhere I turn. July is still so far away. Hope rehearsals are going well. #SaniaNow #Louisville #KFCYumCenter
 Chile please!!!!! . 
I just put a sign up....in the street even.....    God, Bill, she's hott....
Doctor @ShaniaTwain @STAPLESCenter
Cant wait to see you in June.. I know you will put on an amazing Show.
I’ll be there!
Un ange dans la cité des anges, qui-est-ce ?!!!!Un indice....!!!
Happy, hot Easter & much sun,  Sunshine !!!!!
This show will be epic! #ShaniaNOWTour
"Looks like we made it, look how far we come my baby" by @ShaniaTwain   !!!!
Oh,Hello baby hope your(xxoo) having(great ears) a good Easter with my heart now your (who needs to get back to me about a few things) shelter, my arms your home, cudles!

Shania when you coming to Spokane WA?  Love you and lots here do! 
Good timing, it was on my shopping list!  

Happy Easter
Shania, please come to Lithuania one day  We love you so much and we are waiting for you 
See u there and las vegas! And brazil !!!!
TE AMO KRL
cant wait to see you in boston and dc! 
