Can't wait either i know ur going to rock counties to countries again and for sure Its going to be a success. You go girl gud luck!
Your must haves? Hmmmm. Me;) love you hon

I watched it again just the other day. Love seeing the backstage footage and seeing how the show came together. Such a massive effort, but so worth it. Can’t wait to see u @ManchesterArena in September. 

Thank God!
I'd so love to see you at the Save Mart Center in Fresno, in August, but, right now, unfortunately, I can't afford to do much, living in our car, all our fault though...! This is a life changer!
@jengering7 should we get dad tickets?
your beautiful and so funny xxx
Continued blessings
Can’t wait to see you for the 3rd time Shania in June!! It’s going to be an awesome time!!  #ShaniaNOW
Please come to the Marshall Islands, lots of fan here in the islands but dont have the opportunity to watch your show, i hope one day we will have the chance 
One of the BEST shows EVER!!! 
I’m a huge fan of yours and know all your music by heart. Have all your albums and I’m a singer and love to sing your songs at karaoke. You are a gift to the music world. A strong beautiful woman who gives all us women strength and resilience. Thank you

Your a beauty inside and out!

THIS IS THE GREATEST THING OF ALL TIME
Yes!! Love this song from my favorite country singer Shania twain the greatest of all time
Wow... That's pretty cool..
We cant wait either So excited for your tour   We’re going to have A PARTY  #ShaniaNOW
I love your concerts and haven't missed a single U.S. tour of yours. Vegas was one of my favorites because I knew you were back! Looking forward to your concert in June... Tickets already in hand.
Saw your exhibit in Nashville. It was fun to see your concert and video outfits. Loved seeing all your awards, photos, outfits, and accomplishments in one place.
Hello Queen! 
I can't wait it! 
See you in Las Vegas and maybe Brazil! 
I Love you @ShaniaTwain !
Im Glad you are enjoying Life ,Big Smiles to You ))) Allan
Beautiful. Cheers again from kenora ontario
Saw you twice there. Tears were flowing the first time I saw you do Still the One.  So beautifully moving. Thank you The second time we saw you we had our daughter with us who is a huge fan and we got to high five you as you went by!  Precious memories
You are amazing
Simplemente Bella.Gracias SHANIA por Tanto!!! Cariños Argentina 
Looking forward to July 6 in Toronto
Shania was curious how long has it been since you’ve first started out ? How do I hear from you 
You are spectacular Shania !! Love you sweetheart !!!
Such cool insight on the show.
counting down the days until i get to see you!!
PLEASE DO SOMETHING BOLD WITH THAT TOUR. 
If theres someone who can be bold, that woman is you
And I was hoping & praying since 2004 that there would be a day in the future where I would add to my Shania DVD collection, and this day was it! Please make a DVD for NOW Tour! 
I second this. Please @ShaniaTwain I was so sad you didn’t release your Rock This Country tour on DVD especially since it was my first time seeing you live.
Hello my bestie 
Deveria ter assistido quando estive lá. Me arrependo sim.
Love to see you are still in touch with reality @ShaniaTwain x
June is getting closer now! Can't wait to see you
3 years agoooo, Shaniaaaa:))))
What's going on Shania honey ? - I'm having a lawn chair day
Love you Shania!!
Seeing this show changed my life!
It was such an amazing show! I saw it three times!!
Lol queen !!!
Great 
I can’t wait to see your Concert in Las Vegas. I am traveling from Hawaii to see you. Awesome
For me, til the 48th snd. It's not Shania Twain, but from the 49th snd. She is Shania Twain on the vedeo !!!!!
woooah..Congrats 
I have that album
Concerts not so exciting these days (new societal challenges) who (xxoo) is no longer alone with my heart now being your shelter, my arms your home for always, cudles!
So looking forward to seeing you in September in Glasgow 
Sounded better than the original songs
Is this my Amanda Steele?
And you were really great. Loved the music. Loved the musicians and dancers. You were in great form.
No matter what Shania’s personal issues or difficulties have been she is always Still The One with her fans. No one is more personal or honest and always someone to look up to or give me a boost of energy to keep me going.
Aww, thanks for sharing. I love seeing outtakes
Muy linda y ademas muy alegre felicitaciones y mucho exito.
I’m still blocked!
Good luck. I love ur music and talent
And I can’t wait to see you in D.C. I’ve been waiting 22 years for this moment! 
Fancy coming to the Boro?
Hi Shania, looking forward to seeing you Hun x
I cant wait for the Now tour! I wish one day you do another Vegas residency!!!
See you in October..... 
We are very anxious about your coming to Brazil, I can not wait for this day. #ShaniaNOW
A beautiful lady with an angelic voice!
I know a lot of britney fans hoping @britneyspears sends a tweet out like this in 5 years. But she’ll most likely tweet “check out my new Vegas dates at the MGM Grand”
Cannot wait!! #ShaniaNOW #May152018 #StPaulMN 
You rock shania!?
I have all your music
A perfect show I’ll never forget!
Stop living in the past and focus on raising your career again!!!!!!!!!!!
Love Shania!
One of your best
Love your music.
Te amoooo
Would be great to see you in concert.
This dvd is incredible, Thanks @ShaniaTwain
Yeah
IT WAS RELEASED 3 YESRS AGO NOT 5
A future residency at the @theryman  in Nashville would be great too. 
Putting in my application for official Shania mic holder on #ShaniaNOW  Let’s go girls!
This was my wedding song back in 2010 to my husband that has since passed away from cancer. This song holds a special place in my heart always.
Nice to know that you had a really important experience...Can't wait to see you Shania! 
"You gotta bring it to my mouth!" - That's what she said.
#ShaniaNOWTour 
 I'm Ready! 
Thank god for Vegas now I get to see Shania in London this year 
And ours 
I watched the dvd of this wonderful show in this morning  i love so much this show...
Just got you back focusing on what you've done from a tot..... ?? ...
Proud of our fellow Canadian!
Congratulations 
That residency changed our lifes too! I can not believe it's been 5 years!!!
IM FUCKING TRIGGERED. SEE YOU IN SEPTEMBER MY LOVEEEE
That show changed my life too! You showed such strength and passion that was so inspiring at a time in my life that I needed it most! Thank you for all the memories @ShaniaTwain I can’t wait for #ShaniaNOW 
Oh look - zarp is my height
I love to see you if you ever come to Ireland as I love you
unfortunately I never got the chance to go, but thank you for having a dvd of it!! the show was beautiful and so amazing...words can’t express how happy i am that you’re back and i can’t wait to see you in atl in june 
Good stuff. Thanks
That was hilarious!
It changed our lives as well because it meant you were back 
@shaniatwain 

You are beautiful! Kisses from Brazil! 
It‘s so cool to see how your performances come together! Can‘t wait to see what this tour will have in store for us 
AWE
Going to your concert in St. Louis for my 21st birthday!
And I can't wait to see this amazing tour here in brazil !!! Yayy  #ShaniaNOW
So proud and happy for you  I’m SO ready to see you! #NOWTour
How are you Shania ?
I really can't wait to see the production for this tour. 
Can’t wait to see you this summer!!!
such an amazing show 
proud of you my queen 
