“That’s not impressed her much” #
Looser 
How ironic... 
Looking forward to your Vancouver show on May 5th!
@Wonderwoman_SE 
But why do you think this is something I’d care about, no disrespect lol
Bc she was just on that rep the mic show right before this lol
Affections and loyalty are their markers, for the value of time. There is no monetary valuation from pets, they offer the truest form of love.

oH MY GOSH ! Thank you for you  this pic made my day ... still the one ,kid   <3
Bless! It’s hard to leave them!
sad you need to have children
Ever thought about hiring a dog nanny so you could bring her along with you on your? I’ve got a great resume...

Love yellow labs! We have two black and one Brendal ! And they are people dogs, it’s a two sided relationship for sure! Can’t wait to see them when I’ve been gone!
& im not a fan of the fact i’m not going
She’s saying “leaving is stupid, Mama”. 
They are big sucks
See in London!
#manifeellikeawoman
Lol!
She will miss you like crazy! Shania you are awesome!!!!!
Happy Hump Day Shania!!!!!
Awww! Of course not!

C'est beau
very very nice  girl
That's so cool and cute.

Luckiest dog in the world!
#Poorbaby
Ah that so 
Aw bless her she's gorgeous how hard it must have been to say no to such a cute face you obviously were in the mood to say no lol x
I just like to say I have been a very big fan of yours, girl. Your songs are so cool. I love the song," The woman in me". It's my favorite right " Any man of mine" so Awesome, girl.
Take her with you.
Do you always feel guilty and sad leaving? I have to leave every week for work and  leave my fur baby behind and I feel so bad!
Arrrrr you can come and meet bear when in the UK xxx
don't feel bad @ShaniaTwain  my furbaby Dodger doesn't like it when I leave either
See you in Tacoma!!!
Awesome,can't she come with?
Aww poor melody
Awwwwwwwww........  :(
Hi Shania.  Thank you for liking my comment.  How are you?  :)
So Canadian using hockey bags as luggage
I'm not a fan of the fact THAT I COULDN'T GET TICKETS 
Awww....it's tough. :(
you never told me that you own a Labrador. so do I. isn't that funny. 
*
Poor girl she is gonna miss you...
Bring her with you!
Can’t wait to see you in Edmonton
ahh Shania this made me cry have  safe travels I will be seeing you in June here in Michigan me and hubby have waited all these years for you to come back I have to use my walker but I am so excited to see you on stage again "You Go Girl and you still ROCK!
Take her with you.
She loves her human momma
You take her b with you... She's your baby!
And you like hacked people Facebook pages hi you did to my Facebook page
Sad baby.
Lol loving how the duffle is marked with orange curly string
Aww poor baby
I bet she looks like she misses you already & you're sitting there with her. On the other hand it also looks like you miss her too before you've even left. Love the new music & stay safe in your travels.
Take her with you.
@ShaniaTwain my dog hates it when I leave to go on the road too.. God how we love our dogs aye? Shania I'm a pro Tour Mgr can you utilize my capabilities or do you possibly know of any friends who are going to Tour that could hire me? Thanks. Blessings to you and safe travels. rr
You are a very gorgeous lady and I would like to see you in concert, but it is so expensive for me and my wife to go and see you in concert.
Bring her with you 
Take her with you. I would if it was me. Because she is part of my family. I take my baby with me all the time.
I can doggy set for you!!!
A good dog sitter is required. I’m a dog sitter. Animals love me
Take her with
Aww I would be upset to
Awww...but think of all the cool treats you'll get when your mom gets back!!.

Shania...I'll be seeing you in Boston in July....can't wait.
Take her with you 
How old is she? I know how you feel!
I know baby neither(xxoo) am I, last time though (now this Tour is far too big as well it needs cutting back a little) know I know you more as a person with my heart being your shelter, my arms your home. cudles!
Take her with?

She wants to to bring her with you 
Aweee those sad eyes look your pet gives you when they know your leaving is .
Bring her!! 
Take her with you mama
awe thats too cute
Bring her to my house! My girl Sasha needs a friend!
She is not the only one.....
Too bad she can't go too; she's obviously in love with her mama... Lol and greatly loved by you too!  
I train Working Service Dogs so I get it all sides of this moment. 
Blessings and Joy for you have shared much and I appreciate you and your talents and music!!!

We can puppy sit. Your pup can keep our two company even at work
She could go with you, just like that with Tim!  
Everybody on tour with you! I see you in Las Vegas! Hugs from Argentina!
what picture so beautiful
will she go with you on tour? who will take care of her?:) shes cute,GOOD luck with tour
Aw Melody will miss you so much Shania. This is adorable. Hey Shania do you still have skipper???
Dogs hate suitcases and bags. They know it means they will be left behind!
Can’t you take her? Poor pup!
Happy to dog sit for you.  We have 2 blacks and a chocolate here.  We could even bring her to your show when you make it to my home town cause I will be there.
Of course she loves her mommy
pls bring her

No doubt you will miss each other
Take her with, Shania!
you leave her at home, "that don't impress-ing me much" 
Something tells us she has a great mommy who makes up for it when she's home  She's quite a beauty !
a nice labrador retriever and no they feel it and do not like it
Please don't go, Queen !!!!!
Aww poor darling :( xx
Can't blame her ! !
..nobody would want You to leave....nobody in their right mind anyway......
I get it my Rhodesian would turn her back to me once I brought out the suitcase. Actually pout and punch me for about 24 hrs when I returned. I love dogs...
Omg don't leave heryou don't need anymore money
@francespreston_
My heart
Bless her heart
Understandable. You could take her with you - I’m more than willing to babysit her, while you’re touring in Europe and I know one who will be super happy - just look at him he could use a companion to play with 
So cute!
It's okay I'm not too much of a fan of the extensive duties of providing a world for such Grand entertainment it's really tough work sometimes over and over
I would be sad if u we're leaving me too...
Gosh you would think too means to have her accompany would be feasible in a day in age like this
It's never easy being away from our fur babies. Give Melody and Jett cuddles and tell them thank you for sharing you with us fans!
Take her with you 
Furbabies never want us to leave them 
Did you have her the last time you were on tour?? Its been a little bit since your last tour so if you didnt have her back then, she might not understand...or maybe she just forgot. So adorable. 
Bring her with you!!!!!
Take her with you!!
Oh...
Boo!!! Take her with you!!
Very cute @ShaniaTwain

So cute 
She may not be happy you are leaving to go on tour but we sure are!!!!!
Awe sweet thing, leaving so I can see you up front and close in Winnipeg! Yay
I'll bet, #Stronglove !She's ADORABLE !!
Everything will be fine, I'm sorry that I missed your art, when people listened to your hits, and I'm almost your one-year-old, I listened to bad music. Although I now listen to your songs, and I'm very glad that you are an unsurpassed artist, I embrace you tenderly...
:( she'll have to tag along.
Take her with?
Aww you can take her.
Cant wait to see yoy in London. We are from windsor ontario!
huggs 
Awwww
Waiting to see you in Philadelphia follow me
Why not take her with you? I'm sure she would rather spend a year on/off a bus than a year without her human.
Take her with you ?
Dog lovers, are the best.
Love it that you travel with a hockey bag.
I would take care of your dog! 
Awwww poor puppy. I hate trips for that reason alone .

Just think of the welcome you'll get when you get home
Awww 
Pets love us so much. I'm sure this sweet pup is loved very much! 
see you in vancouver so anxious.Just booked my  floatplane ride today woo,hoo
So cute
Aw
I just want to say how Canadian if you to pack, what looks like an Easton hockey bag to go an hour!
But we our
I'm guessing your not a fan of leaving her whilst your touring either,her loss is our gain
Normal...poor baby.
Bless her ...heart tugging moment..
Yes but I can not wait to see you in Louisville Kentucky. I am one of your biggest fans!!
Not sure who’s@going to miss how the most. Lol. Can definitely related
that Easton bag would be a perfect size carry on with her pup head sticking out! Bring her, on stage, too! 
Bring her with! Specifically to St Paul!! 


 good luck 
So cute 
Awwww
Mi Bella, que tengas un día lleno de Bendiciones! Un saludo con afecto desde Gómez Palacio, México!


Can’t blame her, i’m not a fan of leaving you either after your show is done
omg, babe
Stay a little longer 
Aww this is so adorable
Omg are you doing rehearsals in Spokane can I come 
Looks like she knows
I'm a #ShaniaFan4Life you are my favorite country singer
Awww take her and him you liked to take Tim 
Its so hard to leave a family member behind. She knows that you will be back and loves you very much. Why dont you take your dogs with you on tour,? There great to have as company!.
But, we are so thankful she is lending you to us. You will be in good hands! 
She will be waiting for you, when you return. The best feeling!
WHY ARE YOU SO CUTE
Poor little girl! But she has to share us some Shania, we so fucking need it!!
Aww how cute! But it’s now time to rock the world with us on the #NOWtour 
Awww! She is saying “Poor Me”
Ela vai ficar com saudades de sua dona 
Take her with you?!?!
So take her with you
If you need someone to watch her, bring her on over. My dog would love to hang out with her.
Beautiful
im SUPER EXCITED THOUGH
Hooo ! Faite lui un gros bisous de ma part !
That breaks my heart 

Safe travels lovely 
She gets to share you with the world!
Omg so cute!!!
But we are!
