O already did that with ACA. I met some1 THIS week that couldn't afford Ocare diagnosed with cancer instead sent him a form to pay mandate!
So ON TOP of not being able to afford your insurance when we have cancer you are taxing us for not being able to afford it!!
That mandate was eliminated- but thanks for mentioning it.
Right this happened b4 it was eliminated. I met the guy it happened to this week
Obama had no authority to appropriate this funding (only Congress can).
Stop backing unconstitutional payments to insurance companies! Not sure if you have read it, but heath care; NOT THERE!
So, implementing the ACA as it was passed and signed is now wrong?
The subsidies were not authorized by YOUR branch in the LAW
As a matter of fact - it was specifically authorized by @SenatorCantwell and her Democrat comrades...
Section 1402 was never funded
As confirmed by the courts
No appropiation = no authorization to spend
Ahhh misunderstood your comment! Absolutely! Just another instance smoke and mirrors for @SenatorCantwell - it's not her money!...
@Sen.MariaCantwell ! Where in the The Constitution, does it say that Healthcare should be provided by the Gov't ? Stop making up stories !
Already in chaos, how would you know, not like you have to deal with rising costs.
Get real cantdoanythingwell!
Senator Cantwell, please, keep fighting.  We know you're tired.  Also know that you are appreciated.  Let us know what we can do to help.
You're that 1 person, who wants the freebies on this thread... Thank god @POTUS gave us a choice. Get a job, pay like the rest of us.
Good. Obama care was put in place for the Muslims to have free healthcare. In glad its gone.
My health care has been in chaos since you passed a health care bill you didn’t read. Why don’t you work to fix it like our president
Its already in chaos... I pray 500 dollars a month for catastrophic coverage. Bullshit
That’s a bad plan Phil.
Potus continues his war on the poor/his base.  He must be targeting the numbers Texas has for deaths among women 15 to 23.
STOP stealing Washington children!!
This man is not our legitimate president. He is a weapon of destruction installed by a foreign power. Trump must be removed from office. #Resist
Are u on #Obamacare Exactly Biggest scam tax in American History If u can't afford pay fine. My insurance went up over 4000 year family
How can anyone still afford it?...
oh no you will have to do your job good job POTUS
Then, you people in Congress DO something!  Remove Trump AND his pathetic minion, Pence.
So true-they are enormously popular and stable-honey hush-what's that $7,000,000,000 per month subsidy used for? Just askin-u r a leader
It already was in chaos, Senator Cantvotewell. Stop spreading that it was working AND DO YOUR JOB! And work to fix it!
You should sit tight as the Dems are responsible for EVERYTHING wrong now. Own it.
Stop pushing your b.s agenda at the expensive of the middle class that demanded that Trump get rid of the ACA. It screwed millions of us
If you're so concerned what have you done to make it better.
please DO something Senator. #ImpeachTrump .
Help senator I work 40 to 50 hours a week raising two children and have multiple sclerosis now No Insurance for ME!! Because I work
Uhhh, it is already in a state of chaos.  Why don’t you & your sabotage minded cohorts shut up, sit down, and let @realDonaldTrump fix this.
Please advise your constituents along with the rest of America who your health care provider is bet it’s not Ocare until such just zip it
Once again if u sit home and are a taker u think free healthcare is great if two are working in home to get buy ins cost out of control
Bleeding heart liberals make me 
Its a mess and costing to much for working americans to afford then at end of year we get wacked for no ins I mean wacked hard, ocare sucks
Insurance is already in chaos under obamacare...for the ppl who can't afford it and the crappy coverage.
I guess no one told her...they are already in chaos!! STOP trying to act like Obamacare isn't imploding and people aren't suffering already!
Statements do nothing. Tell us what action you are taking to protect  citizens that should not be victimized by an inadequate health system
Did u say that when Obama did same w AHA fraud?
The consumer always win w/more competition & always loses w/more govt intrusion into the market. Get govt the hell out of health care.
Newsflash - thanks to Obamacare, there were no real markets. Govt regs & taxes highly constrained offerings & raised prices.
Since Obamacare my healthcare costs have risen to the point of being unaffordable. It is your duty to fix it!
They already are. I bet your is great. Try obomacare
Where have you been in the last 8 years,when our healthcare deductibles went 200%  higher &the copayment became a joke.Too political to care
I love how Congress is on here screaming about things that they were supposed to do. Just do your damn job!
It was thrown into chaos when Obamacare arrived on the scene who r u trying to kid we had to pay those premiums. #FO
You do not represent all of your constituents! Thanks for nothing @SenCantwell
Your Obamacare already has. He is giving us  a way out before it collapses as it was designed too. No single payer ever in the US.
START: Doing something besides talking...You and your colleagues need to legislate to prevent this from happening....DO YOUR JOB!
ACA, so good they force you to get it, or fine you. My premiums  and deductible went up for a worse plan. Get bent!
If U like UR healthcare plan U can keep it...hussein obama- LIE! if u like yr Dr u can keep him\her LIE! Ovamitcare will save $2500 LIE!
FU
That was already done by Obama
He's giving you the choice of healthcare, while before you were forced to have a certain one.
A REAL leader never threatens. He/she doesn't have to.
Obamacare is t working , trump has tried to fix it mud was stonewalled, don't blame trump, place your obama God for this
The H/C insurance market must be drooling at the mouth in expectation of billions in revenue. Dont think they wont deal.
I call BS. There are over 20 million working Americans that are uninsured due to prohibitive costs of democrat obamacare
28 million, only 30 million to start. Unfortunately they took people that paid for coverage they liked and made their plans illegal.
And then GAVE people coverage with premiums they cannot afford and deductibles that mean they pay their entire care out of pocket.
A direct attack on Americans. It also cost people full time jobs
The healthcare market is already in crisis. Trump is fixing democrats mistakes. And you should be helping
@WizzyProbs @pw_cunningham YOU will all be decrying trumpcare very soon. Best of luck/on your own now. Back to old days$$$$
I told my teens we would lose healthcare now.  They're healthy. I'm not.  We're all scared.
That’s not true
President Trump is revealing to the American people what you Democrats hid from them...an Obama health insurance chaotic failing mess.
Please go to the other Washington and leave us alone. It's been far too long.
U can thank Obama for the problems wi ur health care. If Obama wulda set it up right there wuldnt no prob to fix. Subsidies were unlawful
COMMANDE(R)'n CHAOS CHIEF
Obama Divider in Chief .
Get in the woods.
Go on record brand #45 as owning the Health Care crisis. File into the record, daily. Use the Press. @TheDemocrats STOP? What are we? 12?
No one is falling for that stupidity. Obamacare was designed to fail to force single payer. It is doing exactly what it was designed to do.
Where the heck ya been @SenatorCantwell?? It's already in chaos, the only ones happy are the ones getting it for free...
Talk about out of touch. @SenatorCantwell you  politicians want to do away with the working class. I Had ins before obamacare. Not now.
Guys, that's my Senator. Isn't she great?
No
You're entitled to your opinion. And also wrong.
We have a homeless problem in this state. Getting worse everyday, transients now set up camps in housing developments. She does nothing.
And what exactly do you expect her to do, as a Senator from the minority party? Are you sure that's not a matter for state government?
For starters I expect her to put up or shut up. Get over it that Hillary lost & move on.
Doesnt fit the agenda so of course she wont mention it
Thank you Mr President, 4 giving citizens better options & reclaiming R tax dollars from insurance industry
