Let me put it in a way a southerner would understand: bless your pea-pickin' heart. Now lay off Obama & do your damn job.
And Trump's going to do better? Naive and short sighted, Lindsey.
but it's okay. since we're now a Russian satellite country, we'll be able to fight for Assad
they wanted fucking freedom.assad fired on peaceful protests then got help from Russia. learn facts!
yah your facts are fact.  Ur just sitting the pot.
@omen_syria Lindsey Graham try to be honest about this horrific, unimaginable situation!
how is the senator not being honest? Obama not only sold out Syria but Iraq and Iran!
I've read our presidents opinion on this crisis and I agree with him.
.@SonyaBaker2 opinions don't shield the defenseless! https://twitter.com/MinouLeChat5/status/809360904559149056 …
and where was your party while the Russians and Putin threw the election to Trump? Proud of yourself?
"Syrian opposition"? You mean, Al Nusrah, the islamist extremist group that's an ally of Al Qaeda? :-/ @meghanmccain
Sadly, Obama did just that, but I understand he didn't want war. As the most powerful country in the world, we could do more.
@MeghanMcCain if your boys hadn't lied our country into a war that cost trillions, maybe we could afford another adventure.
How dare you. You mean to lecture Obama on his wariness for war as if your party didn't let Russia waltz right in.
Do you honestly think that these people would not have been massacred if your nominee hadn't committed to a pro-Putin administration.
Yes, this is a total and utter lie, the http://rt.com  is really pushing hardcore this total reversed narrative.
You & your party have handed Russia the keys to America b/c of your love of party over country. An utter lack of integrity.
Oh, Lindsey, you were doing so well. But you're the ones who obstructed everything. The president isn't a dictator.
you have been so true on so many things lately!  Congrats!
and didn't you arm the so called "moderates"?  You armed AQ.  You met with AQ/ISIS.  Warmonger!
thats what happens when you cant get http://any.you  get ornery
@MeghanMcCain you suck. u did nothing  but help stop obama spending
What opposition? Oh yeah, Nusra Front.
Oh, you are awake....Sorry, you may go now.....
if he would have done something more aggressive the Republicans would have torn him apart...like always
Oh wait, but your new Russia loving PEOTUS wants to be a dictator. Bright spot: we can blame him for everything, rightly.
@MeghanMcCain  are you gonna risk your life or the life of your children and friends to stop it? You hawks make me laugh.
@MeghanMcCain actually Obama and Hillary gave the impression they would help overthrow Assad and then abandoned them
are you standing up for the Syrian opposition rebels=jihadist terrorists with some linked to Al-Nusra Front? #Aleppo
Then maybe you should have run for President, campaigned on that issue.
Agreed. But our ill-advised invasion of Iraq had president and American public a little gun shy. But, in the end, I agree.
and you would have had him do... what, exactly? Provoke war with Russia?
@MeghanMcCain The real Obama Legacy 500,000 dead
not true!!
He was less from behind!!!
similarly to how the GOP is standing by Russia and it's interference in our democracy.
ISIS gets US backing in hopes securing a channel for Trans Iraqi pipeline. Thus war vs. Syria
@MeghanMcCain Ironic how some Senators forgot their friends were friends w/Assad.
"Obama sat on the sidelines" ... that pretty much sums up his entire eight years. @LindseyGrahamSC @MeghanMcCain
that was his secret agenda, the revolution could not succeed
Hey Mr. Didn't.@POTUS ask for Cong approval Syrian Issues?What did U do? He asked for Cyber Funding too.Own ur incompetent.
Because we're Merica and we stick our nose in everywhere we don't belong. Bomb the shit out of them -DT
@LindseyGrahamSC , what did you do to help our President do anything? Haven't had enough War yet? Want more young men to die for U?
What have you done except sit on the sidelines? What are you doing now to stop your renegade party from destroying America?
-1 wolf can eat 100 sheep one at a time. 1 wolf cannot eat even 1 sheep if the other 99 stop him.
Stop being a Repub. & be an American fighting for the rights of the ppl who put you in office.The blame game is a copout
Bengazi invest.-stopped. Hillary invest- stopped. Making Pres. Obama the fall guy - ON  Trite and redundant rhetoric - OUT
emboldend Russia and Syria because of Trump win. They know they have a free hand.
Mr. Graham, if you want us to heal please stop bashing and blaming Obama for every single thing that happens. Please.
What exactly could he have done with over half of GOP and Trump on Putin side.
& fell apart with elect of @realDonaldTrump. With control of Pres & US State Dept, Russia has green light to fire at will
What did your party do about it? The Russian waltz is just beginning.
Because the gop leadership pressed so hard for intervention. As i recall, u lambasted for intervention in Libya
You know your party wouldn't do a damn thing to put Obama in a good light. Get back to your real brain.
@ezlusztig Comments like this from R's is what helped get us into this damn mess. Man up!
Sat on the sidelines? Weren't you and your ilk at FoxNews the ones calling for "No Boots On The Ground"?
#TrumpleThinSkin would've supported Putin and Iran if he were in @POTUS shoes. Eat that, dick.
.@LindseyGrahamSC and U sat there and did nothing abt Russian installing puppet as prez! Also GOP was staunchly opposed to US interference
If Obama did then he would hv helped Isis, more bs!GOP can't hv it both ways but thnks to MSM they can get away w it
Obama sat on the sidelines as Iran and Russia went All-In for Assad....effectively destroying the Syrian opposition.
it's President Obama you disrespectful opportunist
What did YOU do to help Syria??? #hypocritical
about Russian ties with the president elect before he nominates a SCOTUS with Russian allegiance?Or confirm merrick garland
remember the crazy Syria hearings you held? About how you guys obstructed everything he did? How about you get serious
.@LindseyGrahamSC Loser Lindsay armchair quarterbacking nonsense again!
and what did you do clown? Your party sits on the sideline as Russia went all in on our election, effectively treasonous
What about PE Trump, he's buddy buddy with Russia which in effect puts him on the side of Assad, are you okay with this?
Because Obama is the worlds babysitter - and you wouldn't have blamed him for getting the US into YET ANOTHER war.
Quit dicking around and go back to handling red menace since McConnell & Ryan busy brokering the Russian sellout.
Wrong. You & the rest of the GoP obstructed EVERYTHING for the sake of obstructing. How's that working out for you?
.@LindseyGrahamSC Like your party would have gone along with his decisions? What were they doing?Oh yeah, making up fake news about Hillary.
you're right, Senator: We should have sent in 40,000 troops without a plan and started WWIII. That would have showed them!
this was all part of #Obama appeasement policy towards Iran's Mullah's .. when you appease the devil this is what you get
Isn't Aerospace and Aviation the leading industry in SC? Mideast wars benefits ur state & lobbyists, keeping u in office.
all choices were bad, and you know it. it's easy to criticize when you don't have and didn't have a better option
and now we have Trump.
I voted for B.O. once, now disgusted with him.
I'm not disgusted with him. He was too idealistic, too good even, but too weak to stand up against evil. @LindseyGrahamSC
watch John Boehner vice interview. GoP actively, deliberately worked against him from day 1...
but you are fine with Trump being close to putin?
What has Congress and the Senate done for USus when Obama has broken US laws?
where were you when Obama made the Iran deal & paid ransom to Iran? Useless govt bureaucrat. What have you done for USus?
and yet you're okay with Russia tampering with our election.
@POTUS 
There's enough blame to go around.R's and D's.It's not just the POTUS fault.Congress been Shutdown for 8 yrs.
What could Obama do knowing that Peotus would decry it and undo any action in 2 months. Our election emboldened this.
He appears to have sat on the sidelines when Russia went all in for HRC too...lol.
did you ever meet with POTUS on this beforehand? Your expertise on world events would have helped
don't pretend to be upset about this when you're supporting #PutinsPuppet #TreasonousTrump #shameful Putin supports Iran!
and u sit on the sidelines preaching pro USA after backing down from the PlEdGe. U r an embarrassment.
u all let him....
@hilal_kaplan  Arabs and Turks will not forget the silence of World Power 'USA' and her support to terrorists YPG/PYD.
TSK should have done more. No excuses. Also @LindseyGrahamSC didn't like how we were/are supporting PKK.
LINDA: The opposition to Assad(who by the way was protecting the Christians)was Isis&AL http://QUADA.You  know nothing! @FoxNews
Syrian opp is ISIS allies
Ur inactions re obama caused more damage here n abroad Best stay n ur lane n get onboard @realDonaldTrump or ull b out son!
After Bush's wars, America was in a hurry to engage in another war in the Middle East. You can't blame Obama.
Wondering how Bush 43 corralled the Coalition of the Willing but BO44 failed in this regard?
Or, is President-elect Trump simply, "all-in" for Putin?! #GOPFail #GOPLies #GOPHates #NotOnMyWatch #VetsAgainstTrump
Isn't Trump, "all-in" for Assad? #GOPFail #GOPLies #GOPHates #NotMyValues #NotOnMyWatch #VetsAgainstTrump #Veterans
your new leader is ALL-IN for Russia and Assad as is your party
Complicated/awful situ, risk abundant. DJT might mirror BHO --> no interest in regime changes.
And you were in the field of play?
So we couldn't help those that could've made the difference.We were told it was too difficult to do so.#WhoWasWho?
And did the republican obstructionist do about a bill authorizing authority to act in Syria, nothing sat on their asses.

You can do better than that. War hawk! http://www.usnews.com/news/blogs/run-2016/2015/07/08/lindsey-graham-wants-10-000-troops-in-syria-to-battle-isis …
where have you been through all this?  This has been going on for years
@SumerSloan Give it a rest! We still hold you responsible 4 every denial of anything he tried 2 do 2 help! #DoTheRightThing
Why exactly did we have to depose Assad? What makes you think the replacement would be any better?
Valid question.
Very given how well this has worked out...fucking NEVER.
But a better decision than Trump is likely to make: sending American troops to back Assad & his atrocities.
I think u know Senator that this final assault on Aleppo has a lot to do with our recent election. No fear of retribution.
Key point is Obama tried to fight the last war (Iraq) not this war (Syria). It was a horrendous decision.
Perhaps & how much damage to be wrought by a president who admires &appeases Putin, undermining democracy around the globe?
oh and is it Obamas fault for Trump? Obama HATES Putin, Trump is his lover. This is in you and the GOP
What are odds Trump and his Cabinet of Fools will start a war with Iran? Waiting like Cheney for a reason...
haha a war on Iran? How can you have a war with some1 you are slpng in the sm bed with & enjoying it
For the profits? To look tough?
the bed partners r already dividing the loot in #Iraq. Don't need war to look tough just a big mouth
you have a nerve to criticize Obama.He wanted Congress to authorize going "all-in"
He didn't need to ask Congress. It's none of their business.
Warfare is the business of congress.
Aaand; Lindsey's back! If the President does something, he's critical, if he does nothing, he's critical. Meanwhile Lindsey
does nothing as a leader of the most do-nothing Senate in history. There are 2 types of Republicans;big & little Douchebags
...y'all would've even give him powers to deal with Syria in a serious way so#stfu & stop Trump!
Worse yet, Trump shows no signs of changing the status quo..
wonder how Trump will stand up to Russia? Oh, wait
Man who nominated that guy anyway?  Oh wait...
Didn't a long drought contribute to Syrian grief prior to civil war? What did anyone do to help Syria prior to war?
reminder that your party refused to give @POTUS the power to declare war on ISIS.
As a career Marine something should have been done but not with the same young men over and over again. Draft help?
I shiver at the thought of a draft.  Have 2 sons, extremely bright, but nerdy, wld be terrible in war.
I do too. But they can't keep sending the same young, patriotic men over & over again. DT might again.
I understand, and agree.  The questions will have difficult and imperfect answers.  And thanks for your service!
@SumerSloan great being a useless senator, armchair QBs that get nothing done
What do you think about the story regarding Trump being blackmailed by Turkey?
Please explain what YOU would have done... Seeing that you criticize Obama...
You give them so much credit! Criticize to deflect lining their pockets, they don't actually give a shit.
Obama sat on the fairways and sat on stage w/ comedians, too
yup.
