@chucktodd oh yes. Let's go to war with Russia. That sounds amazing. Good thing the people don't listen to either of you
You are also a Putin kiss azz.  I hope that he and Trump drive all of you. Rep. bat sh*t crazy 4 choosing him n  Russia !!
Why would he? When has POTUS ever initiated seriously consequential actions?
Cut it out! Obama is feckless.
Putin couldn't stop laughing at Obama.
Oh really, ya think!!!!  And THAT'S our so called Leader
and what are you or GOP doing about it? Absolutely nothing as far as I can tell. #Putinspuppet
You're right.
did putin hack again after september? the files were already in wikileaks hands.
Hardly matters.
explain
Damage was done. Trump used it every day. Media drip drip drip. It had a devastating effect.
should we have arrested everybody at wikileaks? agreed. damage done. but what's the solution?
IMO POTUS should declassify info about the hacking. Get it all out in the open.
thank you Graham it's better to frame it this way instead saying trump election doesn't count say it's obamas fault
Russians attack targeted the DNC this time will you be so lackadaisical when the  GOP is the target?
I'm horrified by your partisan arm linking. How long do you think you can use the POTUS to distract from what happened?
Like he knew he had allies in Obama's own country who put undermining him over country at all costs @LindseyGrahamSC
Clearly Putin was not impressed by Obama threat in September to cut it out or face consequences.
@chucktodd He said that the attacks stopped. Info was already given to Wiki Leaks. Everyone should have been concerned.
@chucktodd that's because he has no strength in his voice nor his actions
@chucktodd you can't impress a murderous KGB BOY!
@chucktodd OBAMA is a weakling. Putin knows it. He also knows Trump is not. As Gorbachev knew about Reagan. Hold on boys.
#CountryOverParty
b/c he didn't say please......or else (but @POTUS never has an "else")
No because he knew he had Trump in his pocket what did he care about Obama now
Okay, so NOW...NOW he interferes for sure so we really get hime right...NO. Now we invite him for tea and cookies #shitshow
Really, at least he said something and did not invite them to hack like King Donald did, get on the right side..
Well what would you have done, sir?????? Gone to war with him? Or use sanctions like the President has been doing???
we know all about Obama's red lines..right
Where was your outrage over Clinton/Russian Uranium One quid pro quo. Huh? Huh? Huh?
You've never seen a war you didn't like. Ain't that right you little warmonger?
Let's keep our eye on the ball here sir. The issue is Russia, not Obama or Hillary's server or anything else.
you played apart by allowing @realDonaldTrump actions. You can set straight #investigatenow #Russia #TreasonousTrump
Another rich old white prick that only wants to fill his pockets. Not interested in the truth No clues on security.
In Sept, US Treas issued sanctions against Russia.  What exactly did you and the rest of the GOP do?
Do u understand that Trump may b guilty of Treason? Why R us Selling out?
@StageYaneu And now we have a PEOTUS who will not only avoid delivering consequences, but actively collaborate. Talk to him
what consequences?
Fair observation. And GOP didn't prevent hostile takeover of their own party by a Russian stooge. Fight on both fronts pls.
Senator you must understand the time honored "shot across the bow" #PutinsPlan #PutinsLine #UkraineRussianWar
@chucktodd Putin has no regard for international law. He's a criminal
@CatherineHatf19 according to media there were no more hacks after that.
Jesus really?  My lord.  What is wrong with you.  A KGB has infiltrated the executive branch.  DO SOMETHING.
@chucktodd Putin is a killer and jackass!
is that necessary? You are a classy gentleman, please don't show disrespect to our president
@chucktodd of COURSE he wasn't!! He knew his man was waiting in the wings!  What will you do about it?
yeah bc he knows the Republicans will be complicit in his power grab attempts
Lindsey keep up the nasty comments againt OBAMA because all Dems will remember this when it's time to get you out! TIC TOCK
@chucktodd Obama needs 2 read " Art of War " He's too demurred, KGB boss -Putin doesn't understand the Courtesy,Force only
Cut it out has been Obama foreign policy as he HRC Dems slip cash arms thru.; wonders why worlds more volatile & they lost!
about the same way your constituents feel about you. #Rino
#MAGA
Well, when the Republicans were backing Russia over America what did you expect?

but Trump'll fix it
He didn't say, "Simon says..."
@summerbrennan easy to snipe from the sidelines when you're not responsible for provoking war with a nuclear Russia
Cuz the GOP's been so cooperative with the Executive branch. @LindseyGrahamSC
Putin knew that you traitorous Republicans would not support Obama so he had a free hand. Trump gave him a green light
Does that justify Trump's election. He had Russian help! He is a traitor So are you if u support him
Time to sop blaming the black guy
The damage was done by then
what did you urge the President to do in September?
Didn't the hack occur earlier well and already go to Wikileaks for drip release? Do we know if more hacking went on after?
And like usual, no help from congress.
and what exactly have / are GOP Congress, that has to approve every thing, doing? Specially? GOP not abetting how exactly?
We haven't seen the consequences yet .... or have we?
Draw a line in the sand like Iran or Syria; that really works
@chucktodd

Muslim nations are not accepting fellow Muslims.

Neither Sunnis or Shiites are tolerant.

They're Muslims.
@chucktodd  because the world's strongest have to be aggressive and willing to go to war to be effective!
Except that they stopped their antics. The damage was done by September. The Truth will set you free.
What about our OPM hack? What about a billion Yahoo accounts? You have made more out of the DNC hack that exposed rigging!
Why would he when @gop & Trump & Putin destroyed HRC with a MASSIVE conspiracy of LIES. THIS ELECTION WAS STOLEN!
What is your solution, senator? Declare war? Bomb Moscow? We're waiting for your party to think of something better.
@chucktodd stop trying to drag us into war Lindsey. Everyone hacks everyone and we all know it.
BLIND GUIDEYou tie up heavy loads and lay them on men's shoulders, but you are not willing to lift a finger to move them!
@chucktodd

Putin learned all he needed to know about Islam and Islamic jihad during the Beslan School Massacre.
@chucktodd why should he be... he own$ the pimp elect t_RUMP and all the republiCON'$... he own$ YOUR ce$$pool NOW... $HAME
@chucktodd Mitch McConnell didn't want to do the bi-partisan show of force in October,  Republican cut his legs out 4 party
He knew TrumpPutin Puppet would win through russian cyberespionage
@chucktodd -  should have nuked them and send the Trump boys to the front line with an AR-15!
The press did not do its job. Gutting of voters rights amendment was also a huge contribution to primary & general election. Never addressed
I guess obama didn't have the backbone to talk shit about situation on twitter all day -- this should set putin straight
LINDSAY LOHAN IS A NEOCON GLOBALIST HACK TRUMP AND WE THE PEOPLE ARE HERE TO DRAINTHESWAMP AND MAGA AMERICA FIRST
now is your opportunity to stand up to russia and show us what obama should have done --- wtf are you planning on doing?
@chucktodd Would have been nice if Repubs & media wouldn't have been enamored w/reality star & did their job!
@summerbrennan 8 years of GOP obstruction played a role in getting US to this point.
This kind of divisive rhetoric is just what Putin feeds on #ForThePeople
you are a major bush supporter (stalkers)
@summerbrennan man in tower is whispering in ur ear, stacked deck of putin-ites are the only ones to do anything. I see u 
So, your thinking Trump will keep Putin in check? Buwhahahaha!
@summerbrennan So let's not confirm as Sec of State man who recv'd Russian Order of Friendship.  GOP has fav view of Putin
and he has ramped up the attacks on Aleppo/ Syria since the election. Maybe that has to do with Trump defending him.
@realjohnhoving Agree. I am counting on you Senator to resist takeover of our govt by Putin.
we need congress to act to stop Trump from obeying Putin's every demand
@chucktodd Clearly Putin wasn't worried about spineless Republicans either.
Perhaps if GOP gave Obama support instead of NO we could project a united front to threats like Russia. We are all American
If there's conclusive evidence of Russia being guilty someone needs to stand up and present it. Unnamed sources wont fly.
@summerbrennan what are your thoughts on the NCGOP clear attack on democracy?
Didn't hear you decrying it in October! Or earlier, when you heard about it. That's on you!
Don't do that. You're not helping.
Senator, if you have a plan...please execute it.  Many people scared. Need to stand up for our country.
'StopPOTUSslamming- he's leaving- the Russians influenced  OUR election- do your freakin job& stop being petty and immature
Why's it such a stretch to think #sethrich did the #DNCleak ? Wouldn't be first mysterious death surrounding Clinton's
Please look forward. Your vigilance is appreciated.  You can protect our Democracy w/out the partisan rhetoric. #leadership
Why doesn't the GOP step up, take some responsibility and do their part for free elections IN OUR OWN COUNTRY?
@summerbrennan but what about Russian bank that was hacked? Where did those millions of rubles end up? 
...busy with Drumpf up his arse?
The CIA wouldn't lie for political reasons?
Putin is laughing at American People more important any country respect US anymore after Trump being elected
He saw what red lines mean
@chucktodd -  he should have nuked them!  trump needs to let everyone have the bomb!
Pretty bad when we the people don't know whether to believe a ruthless murdering enemy, or our own government.
Maybe b/c he knew the GOP were treasonous enough to have his back?
@mykpy
@POTUS is not defending the values of the free world & lets putins russia off the hook for hacking #USElection #America must unite & rise. 
Cant wait for Lindsey's emails to get released. I wonder if there'll be a pizza menu?
maybe it's because he knows ur nominee wants him to be the godfather to his next child.
your a war hawk  just make  u and me safe trump works great do it please if not usa as always worked
The republican war on Obama opened the door for Trump, Putin and the end of democracy. Last chance to save our country.
Guess it's all on your shoulders now.
No doubt the tough republicans with full control of the federal government will put a firm end to Putin's meddling.
@DavidYankovich @POTUS @summerbrennan I'm gagging on this, but @LindseyGrahamSC is completely correct here.
Wrong. He gave @GOP a pass. All of you a pass. You will believe 10 yrs from now. @GOP now cowards.
much to the glee of some Republicans who will remain unnamed.
@chucktodd clearly Putin is not impressed w/ anyone place or thing
Clearly Congress should do their job and work more to build us up. #obstructiveCongress
Whoever wants to duel with Putin,go for it alone.But don't drag our country in danger.Reject the election horrify democracy
Clearly Putin was impressed by Obama’s threat. There was no election system hacking.
@Juliemore what the fuck are you Doing NOW?
Clearly it's easy to hide behind obamas skirt when the senate can do somthing
Well, at least he didn't encourage hacking like Trump did.
It was already done Mr. Graham.
Let's impose consequences NOW to force Trump to either enforce them or look like a traitorous puppet by lifting them.
would have been nice if Republicans would have backed him up on it, or anything else security related
But Obama and all the Dems told us that the elections could not be corrupted.
far enough sir, but what did y'all do when presented w/evidence? Why no formal bipartisan announcement before election?
This is no joke Sir, National security and American values/lives are at stake. Step up now!!!
You were briefed on it. Why didn't the Senate speak up and have hearings? As always blame Obama.
Yes because you Republicans invited Putin and are happy about it.
@chucktodd well now all he has to do is call tilserson or trump and they will cowtow to him good bye sanctions
still hating the best president in my lifetime till the bitter end-shameful
try to not be negative and partisan for 1 day. It's not helpful.
Way to rally behind YOUR prez in combating Russian meddling. So what have you done???
This is exactly the type of partisan pettiness that weakens US unity. Senator you're a fine example.
Or maybe Putin had nothing to do with any alleged hack.
yes sir not unlike the line drawn in Syria, if you say it better back it up,crying wolf I believe they say.
maybe because he was colluding with republicans to undermine our democracy
Your timeline is wrong. They stopped the hacking in the Spring. released to Wikileaks July.
let's see what you do about it. Last time I checked you are still a member of Congress.
Then DO something instead of pointing fingers.  Face the future and investigate #TreasonousTrump before inauguration
@chucktodd not everyone can be as tough as you Lindsey, jst when I was starting 2 respect u 4 holding hearings. Cheap shot!
No worries. Putin will have his puppet in the White House in a few weeks. I'm sure you'll be happy about that.
Wow it's so easy to preside from the bleachers.   Do what's right now and get the orange lunatic out ASAP!!!
By the way, where's the moral outrage at what NC GOP doing last 24 hours?
@chucktodd I watched you last night. You mentioned a blip about PRyan social security, Medicare. Please let us know more
@chucktodd graham is wrong. Russia stopped leaks to Assange but he kept leaking stuff
@chucktodd  how about you now have to ensure Donald Trump doesn't ruin the country and rack the country resources
@chucktodd - Putin is the richest man in the world (true). He's pretty cool with himself. Wish @POTUS would figure it out.
You are finished politically you will pay the price for your ideas.
Senator what would you have done a month before an election?  Cyber attack back? Press conference? Not so easy. @chucktodd
@chucktodd And you feel good about that?
only because he knew he had a friend in Trump. Thank you for standing up for the USA.
Sometimes you may have to carry out a threat , with a show of action;  but to avoiding imminent WAR possibly;, 2 Nations
Merry Christmas Greetings,  and being for the Coming New Year!!!
@chucktodd If All Republicans acted like America is more important than Party maybe he would have. Putin can see what we do
@chucktodd Yes, as long as GOP was the benefactors of Putin interference to make sure Republican won or stole the office!
Oh my Senator, clearly you may want to get some updated intel
@chucktodd neither were the racists or bigots, acting out when DJT said "STOP IT". So be as critical about your own.
@chucktodd
As you in the Senate sat on your asses twittling your thumbs,waiting for what ? Somebody to give out your new phone no. ?
And no one is impressed by the GOP, either, Captain Obvious.
I understand you to mean you are unhappy with Putin's sabotage. Can we expect to hear your support for stronger measures?
@chucktodd  We won't have to worry about Putin being "impressed" going forward; only need concern about PJ parties with DJT
Unbelievable criticism of Obama who has been, threatened, called names, disrespected yet remained dignified
"Cut it out" didn't cut it.
@chucktodd and amaaaaazing journalists like mr. Todd would have covered it as such. This is the insane world u helped make.
with @mitchellreports  help. You belong in that basket. You know the 1 I refer to, I'm sure.
@chucktodd but clearly you also know what an impossible situation @POTUS was in. Retaliation would have = partisan move.
But, Putin VERY impressed by 8 yrs of GOP fissures/obstructionism. Made achieving his objectives far easier.
AND Clearly he is mentally unstable unfit What will YOU Do my Senator
@chucktodd The hacking had already been done by Sept., no? Emails were already in wikileaks hands.
That's right. GOP hate on Obama more than anything else-even if it means covering for Putin. BTW, are you still single? @LindseyGrahamSC
and CLEARLY You nd your colleagues in the Senate seem spineless to insist this BUFFOON to follow the law of Divestiture
Because it was just another faked up red line
