a leader with integrity and backbone! Well done Senator Graham . God Bless You!!!
How can you make sense Jim? Pritchell makes no sense
Wonderful! Thank you and Happy New Year @LindseyGrahamSC Please Get Busy #ImpeachTraitorTrump
such a beautiful country. been there, done that. remember the flag I gave you in Des Moines?
I'm sure he was so excited to meet the 28th runner up for our next president. What an honor
Aw, aren't Lindsey and John so cute together
lol, who are the females in this picture, and the 1 in the middle dont count
Sir, you have a long, hard fight ahead of you. This CA Independent is proud to see there is still an R with ethics left. TY
As an American of Lithuanian descent I am thankful for your support of the first Baltic state to stand up to Russia.
Are you the President? Why are you wasting tax dollars for this BS? Many Americans are struggling, & you're spending tax $
Thank you, Sen. Graham! You and Sen. McCain are upholding ur promise to work for us Americans. Happy NY!
you 3 trouble makers. I guess Rubio didnt want to go. Graham, u r out in 2018
Thank you for fighting against Dictator Putin! Together w/ Trump they want to rule the world, weaken NATO, UN
@GOP Are you two Sens with State Dept or confused about your role in government? I can explain if you would like me to.
Hands off my Obamacare! When you pay for yours instead of taxpayers, then you can talk!
Sorry, but being the cuck and snake that you are would hardly bring comfort to anyone.  Your word is a joke.
I AM a combat veteran, I have no respect for you.  Your need for an enemy is not in the United States best interest.
oh look it's the pretend veteran, in reality nothing more than a war hawk!  War makes you money, no doubt!
lol NATO
.. Putin's been arming our worst enemies for years. What about that doesn't Trump understand.
Thank you for standing by NATO and Russian hacking! Save us from the ignorant president elect! He's the disaster!
Appreciate you standing strong for Freedom and Liberty. You make us proud.
@VA4Hillary1 Doing what our President elect should be doing.
Very nice. The new Bing Crosby and Bob Hope. Good luck in the new regime, fellas. #NOTMYPRESIDENT
Be steadfast knowing you're doing the right thing. The informed ppl of the US and free ppl of the world are behind you.
@SenJohnMcCain Thank you for reaffirming our commitment to NATO.
Вам знакомо,что такое государственный терроризм?

#teamrussia #teamtrump
THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE. You are keeping the peace and I appreciate your patriotism. :) ps nice work on hearings!
Please keep our NATO alliance strong!
will you please just keep your mouth shut.We in South Carolina will not reelect you.What ever your feelingsAre irreverent
@SenJohnMcCain when u get back from Lithuania, PLEASE stand up as hard against Trump + his compromising comments re: Russia
you funded isis you are enemy of america a mass murderer

Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!
They'll need us when Trump takes office. Don't let Putin roll through and annex the Baltics! #RESIST #TheResistance
@TZZToday You must investigate Trump for collusion with Russia.All else is sugar coated bullshit.Thank you,but no.
Remind them that WW2 did NOT liberate Eastern Europe and caused the "Holocaust" if you believe in that fairy tale.
Thank you, Senators, for doing a needed job
THANK YOU! We have to enforce Article 5 to ensure we block the"re-birth" of Putin's world during the Cold War!We support u!
In 22 days President TRUMP begins.  PLZ have all Senators/HR members who want "all known enemies" held at bay next 4 years
Senator GRAHAM ,Good Friday, New Years Greetings
Thank you Senator. . PROUD to call you mine.
@senjohnmccain HEROES 4 standing up4america. kno trump backstabs, arm twists, strongarms 2get his way. Are u both prepared?
@LindaKe18525 Good job Senator
Thanks For Standing Up for AMERICA
#BestDefense
Oh looky there! The two war-monger American traitors, Graham & McCain, are strutting their stuff. They get rich from wars!
https://www.thecipherbrief.com/article/asia/presidents-vs-kremlin-1090?utm_content=buffer505c9&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer …
Making promises we can't necy keep w new #PEOTUS
Hi Senator. Please don't let that orange guy abandon NATO. Thank you!
Thank you
