Most are... but many are liberals.
"I don't question liberals' patriotism. I presume they have none in any meaningful sense." - @KurtSchlichter
Sure -- In the intel biz, if you didn't work with snakes you'd be unemployed. 

@b_ofrights @LindseyGrahamSC @KurtSchlichter
Thanks for standing up for our protectors while @realDonaldTrump makes us Russian collaborators.
Thank You!!!
Agreed...unless they insult Donald Trump, then of course they would be "losers".
As is our Military & Veterans & most Nationwide . Yet Lindsey .I smell decay @realDonaldTrump
I"m going to go ahead and exclude @FBI from that. Putin could not have asked for better alles than Comey & FBI.
Not all
- And you are a virtue signaler.
@philewing And, just as in the military as well as civilian communities, they have their own share of partisans & scumbags.
@FaithRubPol agreed well the ones that don't use the office for political gain/favor- yes they are
Yay!
Even when they lie?
- Amen Sir, thanks for putting Country over Party!!
True! Even the ones that risk their lives to reveal our govt is illegally spying on avg citizens w no cause. @Snowden
@TerriLyndie no they are not.  Professional liars who are now political hacks. Much like a number of RINO Senators we know.
@Hypnopaedia13 You mean like the FBI who said no hacking took place? You are a fraud!
.@LindseyGrahamSC
Rank and file  = patriots.  Political appointees are DIRT BAGS.  Clapper was caught flat footed by Diane Sawyer in 2010.
And you've been chumming with a traitor.
Please remind Mr. Trump.
How can you say that... CIA under Brennan PUSHED THE BENGHAZI VIDEO SCAM... please retire , your unfit to govern!!!
yes, we agree on,at least one thing -rr
@EvelynNFarkas Graham is a Israeli, GCC &NATO shill. War with Russia over Estonia & Ukraine. Nope!The war party will lose.
Remind all the GOP Colonel .
Unlike many in Congress. Thanks for speaking out.
@Hypnopaedia13 Loretta Lynch said there was no hacking, none!
@whitewolf8214 @LindseyGrahamSC All these little establishment traitors were paid to join the Washington crime syndicate yrs ago
Nah, look each 1 up on wikileaks DNC email files. They willing want open borders & Trump messed up plans
he's a #RINO----->@LindseyGrahamSC been in DC wayyyy toooo long. #TermLimits
lol...find a clue please...politicians create regulations. Good grief...#ignoranceisbliss  @LindseyGrahamSC
Please, Obi Wan Lindsey, work w/Burr and other reasonable Rs to get 2 bottom of this. We are Americans first!
the fact you even have to point this out is sad. Your party got it priorities messed up.
http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/u-s-will-take-action-russian-hacking-obama-promises-n696766?cid=sm_fb …
Indeed they are. If only PEOTUS were as well.
Since they've already bugged my phone and hacked my computer, I am compelled to agree!
@HamiltonElector yes
Stand up for them and do not waver. Our nation's well-being is at risk.
you're a liar. You work for the American people... not your shadow government. SORROS PAWN
WE THE PEOPLE MUST GET THE HOUSE CLEANED ASAP!!
Too bad your party isn't.
@Politics_PR  Why is our system so easy to hack? What is the fix?
I think you are the last real Republican and it pisses me off.
please fight for the Country & Constitution above the party. If a crime was committed, Country first
This is a fact. 
Thanks for standing up for them.
not according to P E dismisses them
As are you, Sir.
and juxtopposed we have.....RUMP
LINDSEY IS MARCHING ON TWITTER FOR COUNTRY AND TRUTH.  ARE YOU? #TheResistance
Once Mien Kampf trump is given Dictatorship!Laws &rules dont apply 2 him!Thinks he;s God!Delusions ofGrandeur!
yeah, the FBI is pretty questionable right now.
@AndreaChalupa yes and honor their service by doing everything you can to make sure their actions don't alter America 4ever
34% of Americans think Trump will be a good president. Plan accordingly. #TheResistance
Unlesds they are being paid by Putin. One never knows anymore.
Need a president who respects & agrees. “@LindseyGrahamSC: The people who work in the United States intelligence community are patriots.”
@MBarber84211320 You Republicans are getting just what you bought and paid for. As you reap what you sew.
sow
None of you are Patriots, you are all frauds. America is gone. You don't need to stay in character.
@Politics_PR hope the Trump Gestapo doesn't purge them
Thank you for saying that senator.  It really needed to be said.
I so agree! Thank you, Senator sir!!
Yes they are but you are not. You will be remembered as a vile, petty, dishonorable officer and corrupt senator.
That's true of most, but not politically motivated leakers. If CIA knows something, brief House Intel - or make statement.
@realDonaldTrump We agree...so why aren't you doing anything about CIA not testifying...SUBPOENA CIA
Not Brennan, he voted for a communist & is now a Muslim Brotherhood operative. He's lied repeatedly, so have you. Lie Test @LindseyGrahamSC
@MarlaMHughes some of the things that come out of your mouth make me question that#TERMLIMITS
1000%. Agents deserves respect.They carryout some dangerous missions to help protect the American people and our country.
Too bad our politicians are not!
Not according to trump he's projecting they are the enemy.
.. but President elect Trump disregards their learned professional opinions if they don't suit his agenda and motives.
And you are not.
of the Soviet Union
refusing to show proof of evidence after making a political statement leads to mistrust and contention amongst us so called deplorable.
Were you saying that after Comey's letter?
@blackrepublican you need to back up on that one statement a little. It's some of the leaders in Intel who are assholes.
Thank you for speaking out on this but why are your colleagues MIA?
@blackrepublican being a patriot doesn't mean you don't get things wrong or make mistakes
Thank You for being a voice of reason!!
Yes, the vast majority. But trust no one, esp. after hacks on the personnel records indicate attempts to subvert.
then why cancel briefing? CIA has been politicized thsts exactly what we the ppl are seeing.
Why won't they come to congress and present there proof than if they know for certain is was russia, it wasn't russia.
NOT QUESTIONING THEIR PATRIOTISM JUST THEIR COMPETENCE! WHY DID @CIA PULL A NO-SHOW BEFORE CONGRESS TODAY. GOT NO FACTS?
I hope South Carolina votes you out because of comments against President Trump!!!
President-ELECT.
.@LindseyGrahamSC thank you. Many of us died on 9/11, have PTSD.  I worked in wtc.
If anyone should know about "hacks", it's Little Lindsey Grahamnesty.
@phylogenomics maybe, maybe not
the moral corruption of your party is appalling. Following T down the yellow brick road with Putin.
Republicans were ANTI Russian with McCain and Romney PRO Russian With TRUMP. ..What Happened
But Trump treats CIA & FBI like they work for Russia...oh wait he treats Russia with more respect
Where's your proof?
I think you must be senile if you believe the Russia hacking bull. Where is the proof? Show Americans the proof
Would you believe any proof he provided? I'm thinking no.
@jluna56 then do something about it. Talk is cheap Lindsey
Thanks for sharing this basic fact. We should have a President who doesn't deny it.
I mostly agree.  There are however, "several unnamed sources within the intelligence community" I'ld like a word with.
@jfreewright
Some of those that left as well CC @Snowden
https://consortiumnews.com/2016/12/12/us-intel-vets-dispute-russia-hacking-claims/ …
@jfreewright Yes, @ValeriePlame is a patriot!
@jfreewright  we don't need no stinking sound bites! Take action!
never been a big fan but credit where credit is due. You put country before party when your party puts self before both
They sure are! They went out on a limb to save the Republic, which is more than you've done!
Yrs, CIA & NSA r patriots but u & GOP Congress r not unless u demand injunction of EC till full  investigations r completed
Tell that to the Trump Administration!  Do something about it.  History is watching.
We have a dude who does not believe them, what to do, what to do.
so are you
Why did these "patriots" refuse to do their duty and meet with their House oversight committee? Talked to MSM though!
please please please keep fighting for us. I'm a liberal but I IMMENSELY appreciate your efforts. This is an AMERICAN issue
and I want to sincerely thank you for putting COUNTRY ahead of PARTY. I want our COUNTRY to survive.
If Savin our country means accepting a different republican in office instead of HRC, so be it. I WOULD WELCOME THAT
MANY libs would accept that. If that's the compromise?if that's the middle ground?FINE.PLEASE don't give up on this.On us.
Let's hope those in the Electoral College are as well...
@summerbrennan I'd like to believe. Really do.
Liberals burn the american flag - I don't consider them or Lindsey Graham "Patriots" Graham failed as a candidate  -lefty!
Please do everything you can to expose this treachery and punish everyone responsible. #RussiastoleElection
How did Russia steal the election, if you don't mind me asking?
Listen to NPR's Morning Edition from 12-15-2016; you'll be brought up to speed. Woolsey's comments r enlightening #russiagate
Ok. I'll check it out. Hope its fact related instead of opinion related.
It's definitely not fake news.
Ok, thanks. I'll check it out tonight after work. 
http://www.npr.org/2016/12/15/505658462/putin-personally-involved-in-u-s-election-hack-nbc-news-reports …
Trump's EPA pick already has plans2go after career civil  servants involved in science@EPA -Could be worse than McCarthyism
don't let RUMP , the Joey buttafuoco of politics,get away with it.He's a national embarrassment.An adult must take
Power
rump should be penalized BIGTIME.Taking putinsside OVERTHEM?does a house have to fall on your head?
I agree.So please don't put partisanship over patriotism when it comes to Tillerson.http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/tillerson-history-at-exxon-one-of-defying-opposing-us-interests-832531011949 …
Are the CIA appointees partisan?  Did they do their job objectively regarding Iraq WMD?
Really? Why won't they brief Congress then? You & McCain are pathetic liars.
Our intelligence community deserves respect from all of us. Their service and sacrifices keep our country safe.
So are you, sir. It takes courage to do what you’re doing. History will remember.
Draining the swamp would imply electing honest people who give a damn about Americans.
@Tazbruin25 The leader is a traitor, however
something you are not
The people who choose to work for the CIA are criminals, murderers, traitors, and thieves.
I've seen them work firsthand.
They are the guardians of our nation.
If we don't defend our Vote, what as a country do we stand for?
No, he's a Republican in the classic sense. Both parties have moved away from the center - bad for everyone.
Thank you. After the abuse they have received from the Pres Elect, I'm sure those r welcome words to those folks.
thank you for your courageous leadership. The #ElectoralCollege Members need to know  if they can trust @realDonaldTrump!
Makes you wonder what's happened to our nation that you need to state this.
most yes, but problem is some are political hacks like valerie liar wilson!
Yes they are.
@malcolmkenyatta Thank you Senator Graham. So much hate has been heaped on the IC from both the left and right.
He criticizes the generals, the CIA, the FBI, and soldiers who get caught. He praises Putin and Assad.
@HiMaui I watched your interview earlier re: our Intel Community, thank you. My hope is MORE of your colleagues wake up!
@sacca welcome to the Democratic Party- the only place sanity exists anymore
@altRealTrump : tell that to Putin puppet trump ,KGB comey,and Republican traitors
And so are you, Senator/
Not according to the pussy grabber.
when i think of all the good decent american people that have given their lives for this country to see what trump-
is trying to do makes me sick to my stomach #ImpeachTrump and charge him and his "team" with treason
What about Journalists? Would you say they are lefist? Do the journalists have a track record of fantasy?
@sacca wow entire categories of people getting the Patriot tag, farm workers probably need not apply
Some of them are leftist partisans and you know it, progressive. Have them take proof to Oversight. @beepea06
@sacca Yes but is Lindsey?
the @ElectoralCollge needs to be properly briefed on our democracy being hacked before Monday's vote
@ukexpat19 Okay Lindsey. And then what? 
Accept the travesty?
this election is null and void, at least you value country over party, thank you
Trump is trying to discredit them because he knows they have intel on him and his relationship with Putin. Don't let him!
against you. This Russia shit is shit and you know it. Put a D behind your name. It is the only way you are staying (2/2).
But you aren't. I campaigned for Trump and they say I changed the election. I am going to campaign with all of my might...
so stop slamming  their creditability.
Some
ll Tell that to Trump yes we should respect our Intel people. Mr Graham why aren't you making this a top priority now

It's amazing this needs to be said, and there will be those who somehow disagree.
thank you for fighting for America!
be democrats or republicans
You got that right! Now forget Trump, he belongs to Putin. Congress can pass Crippling sanctions against Reds. @LindseyGrahamSC
Those would be the ones who have refused to brief the House Intelligence Committee?, Those guys?
Many USA multinationals have subsidiaries in Russia. Always a high risk chance with Putin.
@POTUS @vj44 Wow @LindseyGrahamSC Whores don't Kiss, Medical Professionals don't shake hands, and Patriots don't disrespect their President!
Not according to Der Fuhrer Trump.

The GOP is compromised and you know it.
not the ones in the politicized Obama admin, used as a tool to do their bidding, NSA warrant less spying Ok?
Am I the only one who thinks of Redford in Three Days of The Condor when someone mentions Intelligence Community?
Princess #LindseyGraham
Has been Flagged
Multiple Times
for his #Bilderberg
Neo Colonial Coop.
http://Rebelmouse.com/CassSunstein 
@LindseyGrahamSC

