https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=117295985432075&id=100014550223217 …
we must stay united as Americans,one nation
blaming Obama kills your cred. Just makes you seem like a partisan hack. Be a man and no a follower
you all need to stop blaming Obama and look yourselves in the DAMN mirror.
That’s not an accurate assessment. The people of the US are tired of war. @POTUS took us out of conflict.
Onama weakest appeaser for a President in History. Didn't even protect us from Russian meddling in election.
Reverse Hillary's horrible Uranium 1 deal with Russia that she was bribed by Frank Giustra to approve!
That's why they didn't want Hillary as president don't be a hypocrite they lobbied for Trump
By AWOL, you mean he won't send our military troops into harms way so that we will be mired down in more wars???
The Truth About Russia 'Hacking the Election'
well no shit! But still must show respect to the #POTUS
?????  How many THOUSANDS of bombing runs in Syria flown by US aircraft? What did you want? Boots on ground??
you better get off your partisan high horse or I'm going to believe you are a traitor also
Well Graham, that is the smartest thing you have ever said, doesn't say much about you huh? Children know that.
Obama has been AWOL for 8 years

@laurine3215 @LindseyGrahamSC more like he's got something up his sleeve
@SpeakerBoehner Like when the GoP was voting against every initiative to intervene?
And your ignorant in thinking Russia is more important than China building islands in areas recognized by the UN
as being under the control of other nations. China is the most current threat to global stability, not Russia
so so true
RINO!!! I pray SC votes you out we all know you are no Republican
yeah thats why got together 65 country coalition agaist ISIS just as one example.
As/Obama's plan to bring America to it's knees !!!

CIA refuses to brief Congress about the Russian hacks? Fire the Director of the CIA TODAY and walk him out. http://bit.ly/2hSqm4l 
OBAMALEGACYDEAD leading from cowardice disgusting display of black man hypocrite loser
that's not  new. He golfs when R military men R dying. Goes on vacation 2 rest up from NOTHING
NeverSaw #POTUS #VP Meet #ISIS Leaders Only U& @SenJohnMcCain - @FoxNews @thehill @YahooPolitics @YahooNews @prnews @AP #AP
so have you. And still are
Like u, Cheney, Biden, GW, etal. were during the VietNam War, Granny!
Putin's been raping Obama for the last 8 years.
He's the weakest Black man the world has ever seen. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oPPVKHcYIVk&feature=share …
Should have asked @LindseyGrahamSC about the money he and McCain received from Clinton Foundation
Is he @LindseyGrahamSC for real? No evidence except Brennan's CIA rumors.
I'm very liberal but so proud of u 4 having the kahunas 2 speak up 4 what's right! & that SOH makes me laugh!!!
Imposter!  King RINO Lindsey Graham has been kissing BHO's butt for 8 years.  Where is this criticism coming from?
Where is the aggression toward the United States that Obama was silence to. Obama want peace so do Americans.
because obama Wants the shit to collapse, with Hillary's CGI agenda
If true, it is because he KNEW that people in this country were opposed to more intervention - tks to Rs & Bush
When is Lindsey Graham going to do something
Lindsey Graham - you are about 8 years late in saying this. How about you try supporting our President-elect?
•Lindsey you say whatever you want•But you are wrong•If you look at what Our President has accomplish~Awesome●
Any sign of integrity Graham had is AWOL. RINO
Obama has been trying 2 put the responsibility back on nations that shouldB taking care of the problem. Not USA
so has repub lead congress
We're not fools @LindseyGrahamSC @FoxNews we know the Freedom Caucus and the @Koch_Industries are in on this bullshit #Frackland #Fascism
But, you love him. Trump will be your President. Support him!
wish Graham would get on train or just go away.
PLEASE SOUTH CAROLINA!!! Fire this holier than thou dunce!!
obama has invited terrorist activity to the U.S by his lack of solidarity with American values, the schools agreed
trying to cover his ass after email reveals he was paid by Hillary super pac #RINO
Obama's not AWOL. He has been overthrown. Told to shut up. Game over.
Agree with most tweets. Warmonger in Chief! Why does he want war with IRAN, CHINA, RUSSIA?
. Can't believe the  pointing. Get over it Lindsey ure RETIRING in PLACE!
MOTO.
shut up you support him stop already
just go away
... has no room to talk and far from serving anyone but himself.
War!!War!!!!More War!!!! Repub answer to any ptoblem!!!
Don't think for a second that this wasn't intended. BO wanted instability to push their agenda.
BO, ostrich and chief.
Lindsey Graham is a Supreme War Criminal, Mass Murderer.
from someone who wants to see aggression all over the world.
no republicans have been missing "my single,most important goal.. make Obama a one term president" sound familiar?
Probably because he's been preoccupied by the racist hostility of the obstructionist Houses of Congress.
True that. The evil powers of the world have grabbed Obama by p! #ObamaLegacy
you nailed it again
Tell that to Osama, and all the ISIS leaders struck down by drone.
I don't know if anyone has told you but it takes a team to run the United States of America not a dictator(Trump)!
you are worse. You refuse to accept your party's choice for President.
Forgot Syrian chemical weapons were collected & destroyed by UN Inspectors? Obama's Red line resolved. VICTORY!!

also, Obama is now leading the WH to act like Harry Reid with lies and everything else the corrupt Liberals can do to disrupt govt.
#Stop Whining,  be a part of the solution get on the TRUMP TRAIN

Graham is a perfect argument for term limits.
why do you have this hack on your network?
Obama will always be a Socialistic Community Organizer. President Elect Trump represents INNOVATIVE INTELLIGENCE.
BAHAHAHA!!!
Ya think?!
Obama's desired legacy to be the president of peace has been eradicated: he has allowed an uncivil world to rule.

U r lying POS following agenda of Obama/Hillary/Soros. U sold ur soul to evil NWO. The world is awake to ur games.
So true!
@AmericaNewsroom @LindseyGrahamSC  Why are you not believing that a DNC insider leaked Podestas emails?
Out of steam. New President fresh Blood. Won't be long B4 he notices how hard it really is to run this Country
enough of the neocon agenda and its destruction
Good: "I've had 8 yrs. of weak, I don't want 4 more." Know you have the right questions ready for SecState nom.
#TeflonObamaPolicy is nuanced by a GOP establishment elite senator
He has been AWOL in ALL respects of what a president SHOULD be for the entirety of his 2 terms of office #POSPOTUS
This coming from the 2nd most irrelevant RINO in the Senate. #mccainis1st
Should have asked him what he thinks about Obama trying to influence the Israeli vote!!!
now they want to hold Sec of State accountable? Hillary was running amuck and they all closed their eyes!!
Obama has been a terrible president internationally and why things are so out of control now.
Lindsey Graham and communist Republicans partner with Putin to spread Russian influence! Thanks, traitors!
where were all of you when 2008 elections were hacked by China and Obama wanted to have better relations with them..


where's John Kerry been.  Collecting salary doing nothing haven't seen anything about him of late
Graham is loudly wrong as usual.
And yet u just want to talk about Russia in regards to cabinet choices! Focus!Diplomacy begins with relationships.
at least his conflict of interests are minor compared to Obama's treason to the American people
when was @realDonaldTrump last press conference? have to keep the conman sheltered!
Lindsay graham should go to MSNBC.
Mr. Irrelevant doing anything and everything he can to get that media attention.
Obama & our entire current govt has been AWOL & done us way more harm than good! That includes u!
"Obama has been awol"...so senator you just realized this..after 8 years of the same Teflon Obama policy approach
Lindsay, you're a jerk! Time to get you out!!
Obama has been a disgrace
why are you wasting time with this 'never Trump cry baby'
Graham ignores the fact that most all the aggression is from, or because of fasxcists in the US. Hypocrite.
Go away Lindsey Graham
Do you really believe DJT called Putin 4 HRC email?
I think Obama has been busy trying to keep all foreign countries from freaking out about Trump coming into office!
I agree...
Lindsey Clinton speaks. Imho the man is a travesty to the American government.
Obama been AWOL all together. Well unless it's vacation time then he is on it
YES, and you are correct Assad and Putin would not be able to act aggressively in Syria without WEAK Obama #MAGA
He has pulled you proven useless 'f's slack daily for 8 yrs ya phony c ser
When u phony 'f's address our warpower
wait a second. Where has congress oversight been before the election too? They demand action now!
Pople just give business to Trumps kids in effort to win favors through his kids.
and youve been awol from showing support for a fellow republican.
I have always respected Sen. Graham, but am disappointed he hasn't supported Donald Trump.
Trump has not yet committed to WAR!!!!!


Transferring Trump's business to family won't 'eliminate conflicts of interest' http://politi.co/2gJxx0Z 
he doesn't want to hurt his own people. Traitor
