Great. All of "Christian" supporters will be so pleased.
Feel better?
I support treating people like human beings.
No, in the United States we incarcerate them. Have you witnessed riots? We don't level their homes or steal land
Who stole land to who? Did you see ever a map of Arab countries? @avi_offer @LindseyGrahamSC
One word: Uganda
So you’re saying is yes to continual violations of international law & yes to apartheid. Kiss your mother with that mouth?
, the settlements are illegal under international law. #fact
Why a sovereign state ruled by such international law?Torture sure,but where U can build?
Summarily kicking people off their land & denying them basic human rights= BAD. Land doesn’t belong to Israel
, people of Arabic descent have been in the U.S. long before the 2000's. You late, and they can stay.
maintains ongoing JimCrow tyranny over fully fed taxed DC citizens, so uses his tyranny to end ~12,700 hi value UN DC jobs?
also threatens 1000s of UN jobs in NYC, UN Hq,SecurityCouncil,UNHRC,1000s of diplomats too, abandoning home field advantage
There are billions of dollars of economic benefit for the US to host UN in US, but will flee if the US doesn't fund the UN.
Trump gave $7 mil in tax breaks to stop ~800 low value Carrier jobs from defensively leaving for Mexico to compete globally
Yet @LindseyGrahamSC is trying to force tens of thousands of extremely high value UN jobs leave US for Switzerland, & gut world peace!?!
The US gains massive diplomatic, economic, news media, intel/cointel benefits by having the UN in US; home field advantage.
where were ur investigates when BO was sending people to Isreal to work against Netanyahu? That's proven interference
easyyyyy now let's be calm. What did senator graham do to you
Lol...unless monetary fund is used as well it will do shizle
YES, CUT OFF THEIR MONEY. WITHDRAW FROM UN & ASK THEM TO MOVE. THEY R USELESS!
ask...wtf! You ever heard eviction or kick them out?
@troymeeker only thing he's said I've agreed with lately!
Completely ignoring the humanity and rights of ancient Palestinians, and the will of an international body. Go team AIPAC!!
please stop funding this organization
How many ways can #Egypt get @LindseyGrahamSC to threaten to cut aid?
This weasal in the WH is a fraud @BarackObama The American people w/ the U.N. out of the U.S. LG is all talk #Trump
then do something about it.
Sharia law countries have had the ear of Obama and they hate Israel.
I mean, indeed! Look at the HUGE progress of the negotiations in the last 15 years! Now stalled because of damn UNO!
Is that a threat? Make good on it.
YEAH! Together we'll make America a nation as universally hated as Russia! Thanks for your support Lindsay! Donald
amen, Obama's doing everything he can to sabotage our country before he leaves...
screw u man and John McCain we remember ur an ally of liberal democrats in wikileaks wait till reelection @LindseyGrahamSC
You and @SenJohnMcCain  are the only GOP showing courage and dignity for our Nation's democracy. Bravo!! #Russia
So every president Reagan included has been wrong on this issue?
Thank you. I wish you were my Senator
, That's what I'm talking about. Action instead of this candyass administration choices to make the U.S. a sissy
@guypbenson The president's radical anti-Israeli stance is on full display.#disgrace
do it!!! Defund the UN. Use Federal eminent domain policy and rezone NYC UN building for residential property. Condos?
I suppport investigation into #RussianInterference and #Hatchact #conflictofinterest Putin & his cabinet are laughing,
Nobody really wants peace, it would force them to give up their position of power. We are nothing but pawns in this game.
I always thought well of you and Sen McCain, but there is absolutely no logic. Stealing land?? Who funds your campaigns?
senator I have the utmost respect for u but I believe in the instance u r wrong u can't approve the the theft of land.
Give Palestine a chance!
The Zionist lobby appreciates your craven/unprinciple loyalty. You will continue to be rewarded adequately for your service
Sorry, left out the d in Unprincipled
way to go Senator Graham!
Thank you Senator for not abandoning Israel today. We must stand w our greatest ally !  @IsraeliPM @RabbiShmuley
#BoycottIsrael #FreePalestine #BDS #HumanRights #Peace
Stop the #Zionist filth #BoycottIsrael #BDS #Israel #Jews
I stand w Israel fully .. God Bless & protect her.. Stop w antisemitism.
do you know the meaning of the word? #Zionist Jews = scum
I support the right of the Jewish people to rebuild the temple
you need to be educated in the facts not the Zionist propaganda being feed to you.
#FreePalestine respect and accept Palestinians are equal.
Thank you, Senator for always standing with our ally Israel.
Proud #Trump supporter & proud that husband & I am no longer R's. The R party is useful as a dirty rag.
The vote was on territories held by Palestine since 1967. GET EDUCATED. Start here.
https://unispal.un.org/DPA/DPR/unispal.nsf/0/43441567D813196C85257EE00051C177 …
You make an excellent Israeli Senator.
Why do you mention it?
Why do you mention it to me?
I'm simply against further  settlements and the Miltary Aid-  political influence on American Congress.
Why would be beneficial for the US to have Israel build settlements when they have killing Palestinians.
Thanks Senator for supporting Israel.  It saddens me to see antisemitism still alive in the world and we help fund it.
thanks Senetor, we need friends of Israel to take action. Obama has revealed his true colors
reduce assistance is not enough Not a dime to UN America must stand with Israel
hypocrite! Shared values? Do you mean continuing to steal land. How can we ever be a fair broker to peace? U r wrong.
Good for you Lindsey.
u are so deluded it hurts. Please cut aid now. That is the only leverage you have...Guess what, others will step in.
Oh for God's sake Lindsey go dig in the back yard and find  your real conscious and deal with this - alligator tears
i say we defund Lindsey Graham.

Someone has to hold Netanyahu and Israel accountable. Maybe after Trump and Putin start the mid-east war.
you are shameful scar on united states of america please remove yourself from politics and go live in Israel
but isn't it a long standing US policy to support the two state solution?  That isn't possible if settlements are built.
Lets get a statement on this Lindy
I'm behind you 1000%. What can citizens do to help?
shut up. Worry about America first.
#whodoyoureallyworkfor $38 billion over 10 years
Don't worry Linda....I mean Lindsey, as Trump said, "Things will be different on Jan. 20."
@LindaSuhler SURPRISE ! You have been duped !
like Chaim Herzog,stated then " this is but a passing episode in a rich and event-filled history".
we support your stand on Israel.
@SteveCl71878384 but again Graham will thump his little chest and do nothing
@moose_taz  . standING with U on this cos it's the right thing2do.doesn't change the fact u jump in when it looks good4U
dear Lindsey Graham: We need to declare war on Israel. Send the aircraft carriers and flatten Tel Aviv. DO IT NOW!
I think Lindsey is losing it! Obama's stance may actually help matters instead of you guys doing nothing except talking.
anything you say about ANYTHING is always dramatic. 

You act like your on a reality tv show. 

#disgrace
You give aid & comfort to outright criminality. Israeli settler mobs take over people's homes.
you're an idiot- using the US as a blunt instrument for Israel is just as bad- no black and white here, only shades of gray
Israeli settlements directly violate the commandments: "Thou shalt not steal" & "You shall not covet your neighbor’s house" (Exodus 20:17).
Bad idea to have UN in NY. Move it to Geneva, relieve traffic in NYC, stop pretending the US gives a sh*t what ROW thinks.
: Jadi Scor benar2 ketertinggalan berita. "@BarackObama" "sungguh2" "makhluk celaka"!. Cc @PentagonPresSec.
"@BarackObama": Scor tarik dukungan. Daerah wilayah2 'keturunan' secara 'daging' "dia"?, Scor tidak mau ikut campur. !.
"@BarackObama" "sggh2" "makhluk celaka"!, Yg tdk memiliki Integritas Akan Kebenaran!. !. "Shame on" "YOU", "@BarackObama"!.
Move the @UN the Fuck out of America Germany is the leader now send the Crooks there @realDonaldTrump #GetUsOutOfTheUN
TY 4 agreeing w/ #PEOTUS. Now stop being Anti-American/Anti-#Trump
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont: https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/posts/10158338539250725 …
your prophecy can't come true until Israel stands alone. Also, isn't extortion against your religion?
We need to throw the UN out of our country.. and pull out.. the UN is now run by Soros & Muslim Brotherhood.
Right Everyone Screaming  
INTERNATIONAL LAW
CHINA SCOTT FREE BUILT A GD ISLAND NOT A WORD
WHATS ON THE ISLAND? MILITARY
President Obama is too busy being a prick right now on his way out. We need THOUSANDS OF TROOPS on our southern border NOW!
Check out @TenthAmendment's Tweet:
The #10thAmendment in one lesson.

#constitution #founders #liberty #freedom 
Sadly...because of your crappy attitude towards Trumpy...nobody listens to you anymore.
@tempteststorm2 I'm in agreement with your statement.
thank you for doing this.
Well, it's not, Senator, I mean BO's position. R u going 2 step up & defund the UN?
ITS ABOUT TIME ,SIR
Good work!
why are even still in politics? You have ZERO credibility and every prediction made has been incorrect, like your neocons
Still haven't voted for you, but keep this up. If you do you'll have my support
that could seriously damage our strategic interest. There is a reason Egypt is number 2 in US aid & it isn't 4 human rights
@zip90210 Thank you Senator, all aboard the Trump Train!!
Merry  Christmas!
one mans terrorist is another mans freedom fighter#Palestine#pre1967borders
We need to end our UN funding now.
@552af2744aae493 You people in DC need to think. Really think. Stop #UN atrocity. @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump #Israel #US
Stick to your guns Senator Graham, It's time to cut the purse strings. The United Nations does not serve our best interest.
Wrong.
Why dont you release a statement on our traitorous president-elect coward?
Hopefully you will indeed move to stop payments to this shameful organization.
Your ok with Israel stealing Palestinians land? You are sick.
Proofread this a few more times. Particularly the last paragraph. Yeesh.
I neverAgree wThis guy but the UN is a dangerous gr that rarely does anything right&makes every situation moreComplicated
so sad to endorse international acceptance of illegally seized land
@jaketapper Now you must stand behind your commitments since Obama has no clue what a commitment is
@JonnaJackson8 Thank you Senator!! We stand with Israel!! #BenjaminNetanyahu 
Look forward to you carrying through with this promise. @LindseyGrahamSC
So if the UN doesn't vote the way the US wants it too...you'll take your ball and go home.  #SMH
why continue to fund an international organization that openly has disdain for America & her values?
We shouldn't. The UN should be re-located to Russia or China and let them fund it and run it. The US should stand alone.
Defund the UN Now!  Get them out of our country!
Right, sounds good
@troymeeker Obama is really trying to screw this up. He needs to be impeached!
grow up you hate Jews unless they stay in Israel
Thank you! Deeply sorry for turning back to the  U.S.A.'s main ally an friend, the Israel. Really very shameful stab!
I don't support u on a lot of things. I am a Democrat after all. But I'm an American Jew first. I back u fully on this!
This is good. Now follow up. Defund the UN and kick them out of New York while you're at it. They are useless!
Now follow through!
Don't agree with you much, but couldn't be more in ur corner on this issue!
Let us hope this is the beginning of the end for UN.
Need a coalition of United Democratic Nations to replace this travesty
@LindaSuhler I am pretty far away from ever giving 2 shits about a Lyndsey Graham statement on anything.
YOU ARE MY HERO!!!
didn't read your blah blah bullshit.  Me and no one else gives a rats ass what you think.  #soSTFU
bring the heat Senator
But it does violate international law to take land from other peoples and start building new towns on them, right?
forcefully taking their land is not a Christian thing to do.  You will have to explain to God someday.
you fight peace and you are part of the problem.  Allowing Israel to aggressively attack other peoples by
by working to deny the rights of indigenous people of the Levant, you end up on the wrong side of justice. Reconsider.
thanks for your support
Thank you , Sir
Stop funding UN.
Suspend giving the UN money!!! Get us OUT of the U.N.
I wholeheartedly concur.
this kind of biased treatment makes both the U.S. and Israel less safe in the long run
there is a reason we are a global outlier on this issue. Try to see past your blinkered view of 'American exceptionalism'
but rest assured in your knowledge that the Arab world hates us for our freedom
why should the Palestinians put any faith in negotiations when illegal Israeli settlement continues unabated?
why not move to federalize the land the un sits on, foreclose and then build affordable housing
@SoniaPennell Didn't you criticize DT on his UN stance during election Lindsey? TRUMP WAS LIGHT YEARS AHEAD OF U GUYS!
well said Senator Graham! Please follow through on the unfunding of the #UnitedNations
Thank you for your strong words and support Senator.
can we have your new cell number?
go Lindsey!!!
Sen. @LindseyGrahamSC  has been on my bad list. But this defense of Israel is good and better late than never.
My statement on the United Nations resolution on Israel settlements. 
the settlements are illegal! building on stolen land is illegal. why is this even up for debate? #confused
14-0! the world will not be bullied&blackmailed! neither will Palestinians! justice will out! #StandWithPalestine
, your statements re: Israel occupation of Palestine are much different than Russian interference in our elections.
one blunt intruments begets another
While you will be "suspending or significantly reducing", I will be folding back all deliverables.
thank you and Time to #defundtheswamp @unsc please
you're aware Russia voted for the resolution then I assume?
cuck for the chosen
Please stop pouring so much of our funding into this anti-Liberty, unAmerican organization.
@jaketapper Thank you Sen Graham 4ur dependable support of Israel.The last 8yrs have been a nightmare
OBAMA=ENEMY OF ISRAEL
Agreed! Why do we give money to countries who hate us?
you won't get away w/blackmail to support Occupation&illegal settlements! the people will #StandWithPalestine
@jaketapper You can't blame OBAMA 100% for this
This mess has been strewing for a long time
Israel
http://www.passblue.com/2014/07/11/israeli-settlements-a-timeline-from-1967-to-now/ …
Boldly threaten to defund UN, whenever they disagree with our murderous foreign policy. How novel.
22% .. well I guess that gives the US a mandate to control the UN
Israel, current ñame of occupied Palestina, Is a pariah state!!!
Please be a little more assertive . Kick UN out of America. Defined UN permanently. Stop any support to Gaza. Stop$  now
zionist puppets who are the swamp in DC getting all edgy over the UN resolution now threatening blackmail?
@jaketapper Our own President colluded w/Palestinians to pass this resolution against Israel & Jews.OBAMA=ANTI-ISRAEL
I knew Israel was,in trouble after@I heard obama's infamous Cairo speech. He showed his true colors atthat time
get UN out of USA! Send obama back to Kenya! Everything he has done to USA is to mock us but spend our money for vacations
Do it. Defund and throw the UN out of this country.
This is a deal breaker for me. You just lost my support. Yes, voter from your state.
if only you were as diligent in your oversight of Russian interference in our elections.
i hope you follow through
Thank you Senator for standing up for justice and against the terrible forces at the UN. Thank you for your leadership!
So you would rather make more terrorists?
the UN better enjoy this while they can.   A new sheriff is coming to town....
AUMF to bomb the UN? What happens when you find out where UN is located?
@realDonaldTrump First good IDEA of Graham, CUT UN FUNDING. #JAPAN Cut your Funding to UN
