they got the RNC emails too, according to reports.
what reports left wing media? Intelligence agencies no show=they have nothing
you shit on your own countrymen, just like your Putin Puppet who hates the 1st Amendment.  #TCOT #MAGA
you do know Graham,McCain, other repubs just caught in email getting paid from Hillary super Pacs right?
keep shitting on your own countrymen and bowing to Putin/Trump, traitor.  #MAGA #TCOT
McCain and Graham are RINO's traitors to their own party
and you're a traitor to your own country.  Choosing party over country. Shitting on patriots.  SMDH
actually I vote on policy and have voted both dem and rep in the past. Party over country ugh you're one of those nuts
@SandraDighton1 @LindseyGrahamSC @johnpodesta See how fast he's attacked by his own for telling the truth.
true. Why was he hacked? He's hardline on Russia...he knows what he's talking about
Lying his face off with ZERO proof. Go home Lindsey. Nobody believes you.
I'm sure there is proof that is classified. Why the fuck would he lie?
lmaooo he said the hacking wasn't the reason Clinton lost. (When clearly it had an effect)
Naive Trampists. Page used to be at Gazprom. Richard Spenser's wife is Russian propagandist. Putin!
Graham is used as useful idiot by the democrats
@tempteststorm2 they have been hacking since the Cold War. Focus on We the People and our wishes.
if he could hack elections, we would not have Obama for 8 years
If the Russians wanted Trump, wouldn't they be theatening Hillary electro voters family and children

@PKFLRDA @LindseyGrahamSC @johnpodesta
A member of the GOP who can speak the truth!
well doesn't the us hack other countries. Deal with it.
prove it. The fool got phished! The IT guy confirmed. Stop the smoke & mirrors
you know it's bull shit.
And what's your evidence for that Miss Lindsey?

what do plan on doing about the Russian hack of 2016 election, u were hacked also
lindsey is a idiot. Would another state please take him away from us in sc?
Doubtful. Stop saying stupid stuff. It is counterproductive.
How about those WMD's, Lindsey? 100% sure about that too, huh?
Just like you "got to the bottom of Benghazi" & voted for Obama's nominees? Good times...
since 100% certain, please provide your proof! Otherwise it's simply an assumption!
Rubber Ducky Your The One, Makes My Bath Time So Much Fun, Doo Doo Do Do Do 

I Even Wrote Him A Song.. HA HA HA 
keep peace
Oh? Can you produce that 100% certain evidence, Lindsay? I didn't think so. Mr. Irrelevant
 The "proof" is probably classified because it reveals sources & methods you sheep
oh I bet it does, slave. Get back in your liberal pen. Your masters will need your vote for their next election loss, pussy.
do you realize when you post these sensational lies people think it's news?  Of course you do.
I guess U believe that the earth is flat.
I'm not the one who believes Boris & Natasha hacked our election.... Silly thing
Undo the Uranium 1 deal that Bill Clinton was bribed to broker with Frank Giustra for quid pro quo.
Where is invest. of Russ. election hack? Will PE be allowed to take office under false pretenses?
Russia was not a part of the picture when I decided not to vote for Hillary Clinton
Lindsey Graham sucks ,he's a joke to political service,he's not certain about himself less on hacking
where was concern when Russia and the rest of the world given open access on Hillary's private server?
Wouldn't they have hacked into Hillary's too?
you of all people should be more circumspect. Why did she win popular vote in CA & New York if there targeted her? Get real dum dum
so SICK of this. The content of Podesta emails is what destroyed DNC! The email content is criminal
Wow 100% certain with no proof. Oh wait there is proof it was an insider #RINO
And we’re 100% certain that you Sir, are a traitor to your party and constituents.
who elected this man?  Slime!
True
Show us the proof!
So what GrahamSC?
Maybe hacked, but at least people know the truth. SO SICK OF DEM LIES
Obama going to cyber attack Russia? Why? Don't expose their weaknesses so they can fix!
Just because your friends got slapped!
that could be true but Hillary is a crook & American people were sick of OBama
So Senator May help You GOD!!
you haven't got a clue.
After turning a blind eye to the OPM hacks, the DNC, POTUS, and Congress deserved this.
#TheUsEra >)
THIS! Time for a Revolution to oust #CzarTrump
Going to war with Russia will be the end of the US
.@FoxNews @JenSiebelNewsom @LindseyGrahamSC @johnpodesta:Proof??  Sad when a country must rely upon a foreign gov for truth on its own gov
YOU SO FOS!
oh Lindsay when are you going to give it up HRC lost the election nothings wrong Trump won
You think Clintons Private server had anything to do with it.
Trump is coming and we are coming with him
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=117295985432075&id=100014550223217 …
protect against all enemies foreign (Putin) and domestic (Trump).  #RememberOath
Why shouldnt voters have access 2 the true conversations a campaign has? The MSM wont report on it
How?  McCain said?
Lindsey your harding of the arteries is showing
Did you listen to Assange re: source of Podesta emails? Not state entity, not RUSSIA!
But Mr.T defends Mr.P! #boycotttrump
notice thatDems don'tSayWhy HRCsld 20% Our Uranium & Russia has our secrets now But that's OK
where is your proof.  You don't have proof.
Lindsey Graham the sorest loser of them all I don't think he knows how to be a man sounds like a girl
The Truth About Russia 'Hacking the Election'
lindsay graham is a fake warrior and liberal tool,  vome out of the closet fool
john podesta was stupid enuff to give up his password in a common phishing scam
Lindsey is irrelevant. No one is interested in anything he has too say.
Craig Parry the recipient of the DNC files in Washington DC...says it's nothing to do with Russians
sen graham (sc) first says he don't use e-mail now his account has been hacked.
where the proof I keep hearing they did it but see no prooff
Lindsey, you and John McCain are traitors to the GOP, along with JebBush,CarlyForina, PaulRyan, Rubio
really faithless Lindsey try being on the right side stupid I think it's time for you to be replaced
A hack is an issue, yes, we knew about it & did nothing so the stupid Iran deal wouldn't go south
so what it doesn't change all the corruption going on within the DNC? They still rigged their own PRI
Trump takes his orders from Putin.  Trump is sleeper agent.
Can't believe Lindsey fell for this deceipt. Who's side is he on? Sure sign his term will end in '18.
russian hacked e-mails but not voting machines as machines not on line. Obama knew this years ago
@ptcdcs @LindseyGrahamSC @johnpodesta oh look, Lindsey Graham being a moron.  How shocking.
Sounds like @realDonaldTrump is right, we need Putin as a friend not an enemy.
and be lot of people voted out. We elect you and you work for us and the people have spoken move on
comes out and says there none. Every Congress man keep digging hole 2018 elections are coming
Ok America is tired of this lying Russian hacking all a lie false flag. FBI says no even Lynch
Nothing ambiguous about that. Thank You Senator Graham.
me to but they've been doing it for years idiot
#@CIA : #RussianHackers #riggedElection 
#DoYourJob #ProtectOurDemocracy
thank you Russia for revealing the truth
Regardless, the DEMS WROTE the emails. Obama has been so lax on gov't cyber security. It's on him
Comrade Trump, leader of the republican party, doesn't seem to believe it or care.
The Dying of Democracy in America found at http://alansacker.blogspot.com/2014/10/the-dying-of-democracy-in-america.html ….
who ever leaked them, let the truth out.
I think he has a problem calculating percentages. Either way, emails are real and damning
On your watch Sen.? You're fired!!
Wow! Breaking news! Why now ?
I boycott fox,and you lose credibility by biased,overpaid,celebrity tabloid news anything you say.
You and dems are just sore losers #draintheswamp
Futhermore I don't want a tv news reporter,(http://esp.fox ) giving his opinion.Just facts.
.......and Hilary's personal server!
I'm100% certain trump was not only knew about Russian hacking,but is in alliance with Putin.
thank you Russia. It's the only way we got true info about hillary, podesta and the DNC.
You are a hack!!!!!
it would be nice if Lindsay Graham would share his 100% evidence of Russian hacking with  Americans.
I wonder if Putin is enjoying our new soap opera.
This South Carolina voting household thanks you for putting country first!
@realDonaldTrump LINDSAY GRAHAM IS A LYING SORE LOSER BECAUSE TRUMP ANNIHILATED THE PUNK IN PRIMARIES
Why during all your years in politics did you Graham do nothing about it.Leave Russia out as scapgoat
Hacked or leaked?
@realDonaldTrump Really? Produce the evident. You can't. Why? Made up news. Trump won get used to it.
Graham is a nut case, he is non-relevant War would be good for him. DRAIN THE SWAMP. GRAHAM MUST GO
, is it possible that Hillary's insecure email server permitted access to Podesta's and the DNC's?
i guess he doesn't believe all the other intelligence agencies.
. And yet at the time you did nothing. NO ONE CARES ABOUT THE HACKING!!
so what? That has nothing to do with the Election results.
Lindsey, you are a BIG disappointment !!!! I'm sure the good people of SC aren't to happy with you. You need to resign ASAP
postpone the electoral vote!
Shame on you Mr Graham!
Nothing has been proven to be true!
ws @LindseyGrahamSC @johnpodesta
I'm from South Carolina and will never ever vote for this guy
it is not 100% true. BS. FAKE NEWS
& they showed us how crooked the Dems, HRC & others R in polluting our Govt. Good 4 them they lost!
@KaraCalavera @LindseyGrahamSC @johnpodesta Thanks, Senator. I am a Dem, but I've always appreciated your candor an your humor.
, This man needs a primary opponent
Russia had trouble finding your campaign. You barely registered a 0%
Nope, one of your own leaked the emails and then you killed him.
I guess that backfired in a big way didn't it?
Id like to see concrete evidence to support his irresponsible statement.
Unless LG got a personal CIA brief.. Howvtgechell do you know. Pretty sure Rudki no trail
Lindsey Graham is 100% certain of DNC lies?  Who does he really represent?
Well, Graham, not the first time u've been full of it.
does that invalidate the content of the emails?
Donald Trump is president. Get over it move on or move out! USA is uniting and you r dividing!
Don't we hack into their emails & satellite surveillance? Obama's failing policies -Trump win.
I'm 100% certain Lindsey Graham is a nut
Propaganda!
oh just shut up and leave Putin alone.there is no Evidence of that!
@johnpodesI'M THINKING IT WAS OUR OWN DOHS FBI ETC THE LIST GOES ON !?
hey Lindsey, what about #spiritualcooking ? He may have hacked but @podesta is sick, do something!!!
much respect. It's not abt the election/party (Rs won). It's about right & wrong. It's about the USA
SO WHEN IS SOMEONE GOING TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS?? Our security is at stake!!!
The left always confused
Put up or shut up.
Show us the proof liar...because it was a leak from the DNC.
That's strange. It was clearly shown that Podesta entered his email password in a phishing scam.
Podesta essentially hacked his own email account. The FBI disputes Russia's involvement.
You are lying Lindsay!
jesus christ, thank you
Lindsay; you're a sad human being.
this guy is a traitor
You sound a lot like a democRAT, u r not a republican by no means.
The voting machines do not access D Internet. Russia would needed to hack every county in the US.
Lindsey was also 100% certain that Trump would not win!
It should have been leaked way before the #election #draintheswamp #NoOne should be above the law
Lindsey Graham is no American Patriot! Just another RINO working for Democratic Globalists!
& @johnpodesta have left paper trails that lead to HRC... Your sin will find you out...
"6 Republicans Who Took Secret Payments From Clinton ...(All-New Wiki Leak)"
It must suck when u can't do the right thing bc you've been a shit for so long there's too much dirt
Go home Lindsey nobody likes you!
Bravo for having the backbone and fortitude to say this. As a member of @TheDemocrats I salute you.
Please Mr Graham don't stop your investigation into Russian involvement!  Please Sir!
"Leaking" is not hacking but Russians are winning w WH blaming candidate Trump. Division killing USA
