I sure hope we all get to see the results of the investigation and how they arrived at the facts

This is so sweet!  Sweet justice! https://twitter.com/Jason_Pollock/status/814604810271989760 …
never realized how many unpatriotic Russian supporting Americans in GOP
Yup, time for another #coldwar ! Would you care to enlist in our troops to fight russia?
Putin is a totalitarian fascist oligarch who has bought Trump and the GOP
For how much? I want the dirrrty numbers. Are you ready to fight russia btw.?
Russia has bought Trump as part of Putins world wide fascist movement STOP changing the topic Vlad i
Putin hacked the election to help Trump and your party you are avoiding the obvious. Come clean now this is your moment
Hacked the election? The DNC & John Podesta were hacked. That's not the election.
there were multiple hacks including voting systems in many states all documented
Hackers tried to get into 2 states.Georgia had 10 attempted hacks by our own DHS.They want investigation.
hey you link ?  You sound like the enemy.
A) NO Congress member should put party before country.  B) DNC leak claim is comical.
Deflection.
OK, comrade.
..do you have any idea how few of us believe it was the Russians?? Whoever did it I,m glad the info got out exposing lies.
You  really are full of crap: Have you any PROOF?
This is just bluster from a silly old man
not good to invoke sanctions on fake news...!
There is no proof but yet you keep this fabricated theory.Americans voted in the election,and not the Russians.
What attack?
what was the attack
I’d say the “brazen attack on US Democracy” comes from those trying to delegitimize the election
@LindseyGrahamSC
Seriously @LindseyGrahamSC how is revealing Democrat Party corruption an assault on US Democracy?
Deflection ... real #corruption is #GOP #votersuppression, many uncounted provisional ballots and #Crosscheck.
You’re so cute @BriereBear Did you write that all yourself, or copy it from someplace else?
Graham, Obama and the MSM fail to realize they have zero credibility.Their failure to produce proof confirms
America has double standards! We can do it like to Israel and others and expect them not to retaliate! DUH
You are really hurting yourself with this fiasco. You do NOT oppose the American people. You work with DJT or you can leave
Why haven't you & @SenJohnMcCain dealt with Russian hacking issues before now. #TrumpHaters Don't mess with Tillerson.
@VoteNov2016 your fault for backing such a dangerous candidate and now president elect. Shame on you and your party
where is the evidence then? This is all fake News, to discredit Trump's win, by warmongers like yourself and MSM.
Oh sure — but no attention to DNC hacking of the Dem primaries?? Get a job, Senator!!
3144 counties & 1000s of precints/Russia didn't elect The Donald, WE DEPLORABLES DID!!!!
Your aggressive stance on this looks a LOT like you are trying to set up a roadblock to peace. Peace through strength, plz.
hit them harder.
This is NOT for you to decide. Let America's president-elect handle this. Work WITH instead of AGAINST him. Do NOT oppose.
@blackrepublican - Brazen attack on what? You sound just like the lefties! Why reinforce the idea the election was hacked?
So make them pay, Senator, as your entire party is the problem here, not Democrats or the administration
Pissed off DNC insider Bernie supporter copied emails Showed how corrupt Dems are
@LouieEisenberg another political BS move and your too dumb to not know it
u have proof AMERICA should have secure servers you would think?
what about Obama interfering with Israel elections????
What about Boehner inviting Bibi to speak in March before the Israeli elections?
or Obama trying to hack the Brexit vote
cool but what are u going to do about #Trump? I have evidence you need to see. #TrumpLeaks #russia #cnn #msnbc @JoyAnnReid
I suspect a pissed off DNC insider Bernie supporter copied emails & passed them on
Ties to Israel are no more patriotic than ties to Russia, Senator Graham.
so sorry that you are part of an ethically challenged party that does dirty things in the dark. Go independent already.
@TommyWells it isn't enough
We have been lied to many times Show us the proof! Are reports a DNC disgruntled Bernie supporter copied emails & passed on
Look at all the diaper pin wearing snowflakes drooling over you. Aren't you proud? Such a fool.
Did Russia change the votes from Hillary Clinton to Trump!? If not what the heck is the big deal!??
But the GOP's PEOTUS says we should just "move on." What is he afraid of?
plan to pay off Russian debt will be compromised
Wouldn't that suggest Congress MUST convene a bipartisan special investigation?
Exactly -- and it's very troubling to see your fellow GOP politicians making excuses for Russian interference or denying it
@ElizabethRowin
What did Russia do again?  They like the other candidate?.  That's it.  And still no evidence of hacking.
Oops, my mistake, I found some "evidence"...
#MyGuyGraham I'm not a Republican,  but I certainly wish you were being sworn in as POTUS. You have my respect and trust.
I have total respect for you & complete trust that you'll see this through & find justice for our Democracy. #MyGuyGraham
has the account of @LindseyGrahamSC been hacked? sure seems so to me.

@1917Petrograd
The sanctions announced today are a small price for Russia to pay for its brazen attack on American democracy.
Washington needs to finish job of punishing Russia. I hope once Trump is sworn in you all don't become possessed by him.
jail Trump
@realDonaldTrump It's a FALLACY John McAfee shuts down 'manipulative' FBI claims of Russian hacking
@GOPathetic Send them TheDon If he's returned we'll pretend not to recognize him His Birth Certificate will get him nowhere
@GOPathetic proof?
Wow. Never would I ever have thought YOU would be the one to stand up to your party. Maybe YOU'RE the real OG GOP.
American democracy...is like god.. its doesnt exist
At least some Republicans still have integrity. Thank you.
Ahem, that would be Podesta's stupidity. The democracy is fully intact
Might I suggest charging Trump with treason & sending him packing?
Can you explain why treason charges aren't being brought.  What does Trymp have to do that he hasn't already done?
Y'all can fire the Maj Ldr you know. It's an elected position.
Or is he an assassin like Putin?
Thank you for being the patriot we need, Sir.
you should be sanctioned for lying to the American people and the rest of the world!
Isis and Muslims are greater threat.
Yes, Senator.
not that I am your constituent since I am not Republican, but you are supposed to represent me too..
are you going to Investigate or Impeach clearly the Traitor Trump? Your constituent in Columbia SC
who care what Lindsey thinks he got less than one percent in his run for president so obviously no one cares
and brazen trump praising Putin.  he would rather throw his party and our democracy under the bus and praise Putin.
Alleged brazen attack.
And it will happen again next time. It may be a coordinated effort next time - Russia and USA against the rebel Democrats
Why are you not calling for Trump to step down as PEOTUS after today's tweets?
yes,very and to small.
what's up with the head of your party and his Putin love? Why so many republicans defending them both? U party of Putin now
WE NEED #TheGuyInTheTower's TAX RETURNS & Then ALL Of U.S. Will Know The Level Of Covert Collusion!
It Ain't Over Yet! #Putin's Low-Key BS Is Attempt 2 Hide He Got Caught RED-Handed & Fears More Sanctions & Public Exposure!
Don’t worry, Trump'll roll those back, cause Putin's "smart," and playing PE Idiot for a fool. GOP & their fucked loyalty.
okay, so what now? Where is GOP leadership? They could less. But let's call for more investigations of HRC.
Please Sir,  I am afraid for our country.  I do not think the President Elect has the interests of this country in mind!
How are you going to  prevent Trump from reversing the sanctions? Trump will destroy this country if you don't take action
. @LindseyGrahamSC Obama/Democrats ignored Russian hacking for years but you support the "hacked election" LIE.
Now indict the Unpatriotic Americans who collaborated in these Russian Security Breaches. Don't tell America there're None!
check out the brainless tweet your new prez just sent.  Off the hook stupid.  There is a problem here. A real problem.
Yes, Senator Graham please help us.
Why aren't we going after the real people of Treason? The upper REPUG Party such as that little worm McConnell? Trump?
@stompintexan @LindseyGrahamSC ugh! I hate McConnell
you have no facts before you Russia had anything to do with hacking Democratic computers
@jodotcom they aren't large enough - and will be repealed on Jan 21.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @jodotcom Too bad you're not in a position to do anything, huh Lindsey? Oh, wait, you are a US Senator! Do something!!
Its RARE that I agree with you on anything. However, THIS MUST NOT STAND! Our nations sovereignty has been compromised.
Do something about DNC corruption & Lies. Need to clean up messes at home!! Of course who knows you may be corrupt too
your buddy Trump will undo all this when he hosts Putin in the White House on January 21st.
Brazen describes your ignorance to Podesta falling for phishing scam and Seth Rich leak leading to his murder.

RESIGN
doesn't even compare to what that killer land thief is going to get for his deplorable behavior
@tonic516 Please fight the good fight with Mc Cain. Someone in GOP has to care what's right.
@lauratrigg Trumps too friendly with Putin very disturbing too many people. be vigilant Mr Graham
@KellyannePolls @realDonaldTrump no one cares what a failed presidential candidate who got 1 percent thinks
http://endingthefed.com/6-republicans-who-took-secret-payments-from-clinton-to-destroy-trump-all-new-wiki-leak.html … And here'why.
@lauratrigg thank you Mr Graham for standing up for American democracy against Putin, Trump won't
Thank you for supporting this.
Yes, but we still need a select bipartisan committee to investigate this. Keep pushing forward with this.
http://news.sky.com/story/putin-no-expulsions-in-response-to-us-sanctions-10711864 …
as a flaming liberal from a dark blue state, thank you. You're getting a campaign contribution from me from now on.
why arent u mad about this?
So, in January add more, Senator, if you are so brave
Mention the 80 times we've interfered in the elections of other countries. We can't fight morality on this issue.
DNC getting hacked is a "brazen attack on Democracy" Riiiiight.
@CarlsbadDreamin there is something there!
@CarlsbadDreamin citizens also deserve an INVESTIGATION.  If we can spend millions on email and 4 deaths we can do this!
Good to see a GOP leader standing up for American democracy and sovereignty. Unlike PE + Vichy Republicans
@Bencjacobs http://conservatarianthought.com/democracy-vs-republic/ …
The Dem trying to rig the election are proven facts yet you are more concerned with trying to get in a war with Russia
Lindsey if you are worried about USA and about fair elections why not go after dem party who tried rigging election!
Russia did not attack elections.   These charges are false and Graham knows it but he is out to tear down trump
@MiaFarrow new elections are needed and the FBI guy needs to be fired . Stop selling your souls for $$$
Senator Graham do not let Trump stop you from a all out investigation on this connect the dots for the sake of us all !!
retire you old man! Limit the time in DC. Old men with crusty old brains. America does not need your Russian guess work
no evidence russia did anything at all https://m.facebook.com/groups/286821675007554?view=permalink&id=368990293457358 …
I think the reason there were only DNC emails is because the dump was from a DNC insider. Is this petty revenge?
that's because you, John McCain, and Paul Ryan are globalists that will do anything to further your agenda. America Fitst!
#REDTRUMP
Indeed. We cannot be too harsh when it comes to sanctioning others meddling in our democracy. Thank you, Senator Graham.
@POTUS @washingtonpost @MSNBC @HuffPostPol @CoryBooker #TrumpLeaks
don't speak 4 me. I don't believe Russia did any tampering 2 alter election. To think so is paranoid & delusional. No proof
@ceburns2003 Please urge Congress to do more!!!
hate to say it, but the US government has been rigging foreign elections for years #americafirst #mindyourbusiness
@Max Karlin,but we never rigged Russia election.
what Russia did was wrong, but we can't act like its such a despicable act because we are the country that does it the most
They still got their man in the White House because Senate didn't do anything via Electoral College
great job
The attack on Democracy was the the DNC rigging the primary. Period.
@LatinaChic1337 Russia didn't hack election. Media not true reports Accurate news @ Drudge Report & http://www.infowars.com 
@chalcomb001 start an investigation now
. Have you seen the evidence of the hack.  With Obama politicization of Government how can you believe?
What a disaster DT has been for our country. Absolutely embarrassing, disturbing and disgusting. USA looks so lost/weak.
its come with jewish lobby
Grahamnesty wants more blood & more dead American youth sacrificed for the mil-industrial complex he shills for.
@realDonaldTrump Lock "Him" up, meaning Trump.  An act of treason, utterly shameful!  This will surface big, stay tuned!
@puppymnkey and what would you suggest we do?
@peterframpton I want to see the evidence not just your word on it
Why are you not yelling about the DNC/HRC rigging of a primary? You are such a joke!  #BatSh*tCrazy
is it ok for the US to Nation build, is it ok for the US to interfere in other Nations voting as we did in the UK recently
I actually admire Senator Graham right now for putting country first. I pray he keeps it going.
The election should be invalidated and new election held with paper ballots and supervision should be held, no crosscheck.
True. Pls keep pressing for full investigation so US traitors can also meet justice.
you are so eager to side with the obama admin Sen Graham. Why don't you just become a democrat
What would you have done? @LindseyGrahamSC
@puppymnkey   Thank you. Thank you.
Gettem! !!!!
please do more..
@N33dHope Thank you.
Exact words of McCain.  Guess you 2 guys are in cahoots?
They gave away the password.Serves them right.
yeah, make them pay a heavier price and make Donald pay - treason
Tell that to your Republican president.
@katherinemiller what about benghazi will u make hilary pay 4 that lindsey?
The small price we are paying is for having had such poor leadership
Those of us in Rock Hill expect your complete support for Pres elect Trump
Then get on board and do something Lindsey. Or does your party disapprove? It's America. AMERICA, Stand for US 4 once.
But a good start, honey. What r you doing to fight Traitor Trump and his Henchmen?
where's the bill- binding resolution that states #Congress intent to correct #russianhacking? #DoYourJob
Couldn't you just say, that you agree with the sanctions, and you also want more? Caveat not needed.
thank you it doesn't make us feel safe when a country does cyber attacks makes us afraid, so thank you.
but Hillary has not culpability for the decline of our nation?
@BINJURED agreed. They should throw out the results of the election and call for a special re-election on 1/2/17
@GloriaCampos #TrumpforTreason
