Where have you been hiding, Lindsey Graham!? Under a big RED ROCK? Now that the Republicans got their pockets lined,  I guess tRUMP will finally start being held accountable. BAD NEWS, BUD... TOO LITTLE, TOO LATE!! SHOULD'VE PULLED THOSE EAR PLUGS SOONER!!!
thank u, Lindsey Graham 4 restoring my faith in democracy. Mitch McConnell is hiding something re:Russia. Must investigate
i never thought I would ever say these words but, Thank you Lindsay Graham!
@GavinNewsom   Imus says you look like an old lesbian
Lindsey Graham worry about Hillary her emails scandals Obama's treason 150 billion to Iran Trump's doing fine
@JOELODONGO @LindseyGrahamSC Graham &McCain are still mad Trump won.They are Establishment against AMERICANS but for illegals.
They hacked the DNC, not the election. I'd welcome anyone to hack either of our corrupt parties all they want.
How can you condemn the hacking and say there is no doubt about the outcome of the election?
Agreed! Election results should be invalidated due to "unprecedented interference to get Trump elected" - per FBI & CIA
would also be a good idea to send emails on a secure gov server, not gmail. You don't get hacked then. Strange that...
you'd be so angry if u didn't do something & Russia had no proof...but 'went after' America anyway based on suspicion.
also, podesta was phished not hacked. Where's the proof it was Russia anyway? Or would u just start WW3 without any?
Tell your comrades in the GOP
someone needs to show us some proof before 'going after' anyone! Suspicion alone isn't good enough.
What does Trump have on you?  Let me guess. Hmmmmmmm.
Proud you're my Senator. One of the few w backbone. Don't let him start a war w China. Thank you for your service.
#accordingtotrump Russian hacking just an excuse,  ridiculous. A lie perpetuated by CIA perhaps?  So no action needed.
@SusanDanzig219 China has been hacking us for Intel for years! Just because they can.
Nobody's defending that... but trying to derail our elections? that's HUGE!
I would not be even a little surprised if Trump was the one who suggested Russia do it.
сомневаюсь
no? You think it was Putin's idea? Probably right. Trump isn't that smart.
на самом деле вы забываете про Ассанжа
. No, Assange is a criminal. But I think he was a puppet. Someone else pulling strings.
почему он криминал?Потому что говорит ПРАВДУ?
We need a new method of voting. Every state should have the same voting machines, not connected to internet at all.
voting machines leave no records.  no. and no.
no and no??
lol extra "no"s for emphasis. But politicians have lost all trust, paper trail is a must imo.
@retrosher Lindsay Graham respected senator. He's a real patriot. He cares about country
Since he is against Trump ...We will shortened his career in 2018.
Thanks for standing up over this issue.  I'm disappointed that so few are joining you.
This shows that you have security
"...or classified information." You mean how Hillary leaked classified information in her e-mails?
And today, the electors made this monster King!
@GavinNewsom They have been doing it for years along with us.
Well, you know what they say, @LindseyGrahamSC - one hostile nation, one vote.
.@LindseyGrahamSC In 2000: 7 countries w/out a #Rothschild owned Central #Bank:
#Afghanistan #Iraq #Sudan #Libya #Cuba #NorthKorea #Iran
do you have any sourced research on this? I'd love to do a piece... – at [Place name removed]
.@DonJohnstonLC @LindseyGrahamSC #America : Freedom to Fascism 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6ayb02bwp0 …
#MAGA #IRS #Corruption #Documentary #AaronRusso #RIP
You seem to be the only one with a spine in your party. Please keep speaking out.
No proof that the Russians hacked. Graham is just helping the Dumbocrats deligitimize Trump.
So you're privy to the intelligence? You're comfortable with Trump's love fest with Russia?
You mean the same love fest Obama had with Russia before they became a convenient cudgel?
Proof plz?
Not my burden to educate you.
Then why aren’t you going after them
So what country are you retiring in? The USA will no longer be safe nor free by the time GOP Congress and Trump are through.
America hacks every1 all countries do it. What about when you guys interfered with Israel's election? Did they go after u?
With all due respect, lets work with Russia to beat Radical Islam-perhaps that is motive of PEOTUS not to tangle up message
Listen, I know those Putin meme were funny and tragically humanizing, but Putin doesn't want to be your friend.
We let our guard down under BHO and the mess starts with Radical Islam - not Russia
So your rationale is that radical Islam is a threat so Russia is not?
Iran is bigger threat tn Russia.  Civilizationcannot support radical Islam. Don't forget we worked with Stalin.
lol Stalin probably won't have a lot of influence. Mattis is the only person I'd really trust at this point.
Hitler was bigger evil tn Stalin and they both were not Boy Scouts.  BHO left toxic globe. Use head -not heart
Did you live through Hitler or Stalin?
If we don't disqualifiy TRUMP now, we are in more danger than just hacking an election in the future.
Why is it only now we're hearing your objections?
Perhaps you could put a word in to your GOP colleagues? Perhaps you could tell them to put country before party? Perhaps...
@Kip_Kendrick Define "Go after.". Also if you don't think those countries are already trying to do so you are misguided.
@jeffgoldesq what about when the democrats screwed Bernie sanders so queen hillary could get in
Find out what we have.  Meet w POTUS!
Please don't keep this up Senator.  I'm starting to agree with you way too often!
Dude, it's YOUR PARTY THAT DOESN'T WANT TO DO IT.
We will never be able to KNOW we have had a fair election ever again
The fear level in this country rises every day with inaction and denial by folks about Russian interference!
@LPWhitt I Agree with Senator Lindsey Graham 
worse, it encourages evil our system. Allowing USSR hack sends message from very top that anything is acceptable (see NC)
That's why it's astounding @SenateGOP sitting passive after being attacked. This is their chance!!
@GavinNewsom thank you Mr. Graham for being bipartisan on issues like this. Hopefully you can work with Dems in the future
@GavinNewsom How many elections has the CIA interfered with, they are the mothership of fake news.
mr graham you are the only thing that makes me proud of being a republican from SC. @realDonaldTrump you are #NOTMYGOP
http://etsy.me/2ffbnTP 
@GavinNewsom Exactly.
@GavinNewsom yes its a terrible precedent, but trump/bannon want to destabilize the US, they are Leninists.
@GavinNewsom Wow, brilliant observation, Linny.  Now go to work.
I never thought I'd agree with you. But here we are in total agreement.
@RVAwonk Exactly, along w Americans that make a living doing it.
@GavinNewsom Do something! Sanctions,investigations, the UN...u have all the power. Invest in ALL voting mechanisms..now!
electorial college should pick you Lindsey only Republican telling the truth
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @POTUS Complete & total sanctions on Putin & his business Cronies is the only acceptable response. Now
@oufenix He's not afraid to speak the truth!
what about TrumpHe knew it was going on,invited them to find more emails, US existence is at stake he has to go! #democracy
you are the truth. Keep speaking so they hear you loud and clear. Ryan is a joke and a slave for DT. Ryan is a true dumbo
LaFollette and Fenwick were Republicans. YOU are not.
Linsey just go ahead and become an out of the closet democrat. And join Obama in his crap
@VoteHillary2016 REMEMBER WERE TAKING UP DONATIONS FOR WIPES,DIAPERS,POWDER FOR SURE
@elk_l Our Nation is lost Lindsey because YOUR party embraced Hate, Demagoguery, Fascism & outright Lies just to "win"
If you don't go after them,you can bet lots of folks'll stop voting.Why would we?GOP VoterSuppression successful after all!
They're inviting a revolution by a majority of pissed off Americans. #WONTBETHEFIRST
of course the @realDonaldTrump will just suddenly fall in love with China, N. Korea, etc...
@VoteHillary2016 LIKE HITLER HILLARY DONE AND IS STILL DOING LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
what is your opinion of the 2016 election results ?
Do your part and don't swear in a Russian shill. Demand he show his taxes like he said he  would. You can do something.
This is obvious for rational, intelligent individuals. That's why it's tough for @realDonaldTrump, Putin's #UsefulIdiot
holy cow! I agree with Lindsey Graham
@RVAwonk Thank you, from a liberal progressive. You have a brain and a conscience. Rare in a conservative.
Can u say that with a straight face in the light of DECADES of US Intervention+meddling in FOREIGN countries + elections?
Don't you mean hactors, sir?
seems that's exactly what GOP opted for by nominating Putin's puppet, GOP created this mess
Why isn't the American public "mad as hell" over this ? This is as close to rape of American democracy as you can get!
Preaching to the choir. Pls tell your pres elect.
If U don't go after Americans that aided & abetted this treason, then U r just perpetuating this betrayal of our Country!
If you allow the result to stand you are also encouraging more of the same.
@JenSiebelNewsom 
Lindsey - thank you for standing against people of power who would rather  bow to Russia than lose.
@votehillary2016 Exactly. Legit question how to. Russia way superior in cyber, cld be very dangerous, power grid.
We invented the internet but hacking, viruses and worms run rampant. This could be stopped but nobody does anything
I am surprised by this statement by Sen.Graham,in a good way.
Not to mention every country whose democratic processes have been sabotaged by CIA for US business interests. #TakeANumber
Same goes for @realdonaldtrump.  If we don't hold him accountable for his actions, future candidates will do same!.
And if you don't go after Trump for his despicable behavior you are inviting other bad actors to do the same
So how do U answer this?#America's Coup Machine:Destroying #Democracy Since 1953 http://ln.is/www.alternet.org/wor/9ZTXM … #Iran #Iraq #Libya
R U that dumb 2 start a #War with a Country W/#Nukes on a #Lie? #NotRussia #WWIII #FeelTheBern
Did U 4get that #Russia was an ally during #WWII & helped us win? #NotRussia #Govt #BS #WarPropaganda #FeelTheBern
We don't see eye to eye on much. But you sir are 100% correct about this!
Thank you for being one of the very few elected Republicans with a spine. Please don't lose it. 
who are you and what have you done with @LindseyGrahamSC
Remove PET!
what about #Trump, his appointees, family and the GOP that are protecting him?
Why are we grouping Chinese isolationists in with the fascist dictatorships? Why are we creating a fake enemy?
You're bundling issues. It's seemingly deceptive and points to something you want from the Chinese as a result.
Obviously this Russian thing is important but attacking the Chinese is fruitless to neutral advocates of democracy
Thank you Senator Graham for not siding with you parties silence.
Trump's global businesses can be held hostage by foreign governments as a means to Blackmail the USA. DT unethical
DT must go! Congress will not be able to control Trump's business dealings & conflicts of interest.DT in debt China/Russia
I hope you are being honest about Russia....hard to trust a Republican now.
Sanctions are not good enough. Plus, Trump needs to be dealt with, he made the deal with Putin. He is a traitor
Please, China's been hacking us FOREVAH!  AND stealing our intellectual properties with near impunity!
.@LindseyGrahamSC You forgot to mention that your RNC pals conspired to ALLOW Russia to act.

But I'm sure that was purely unintentional...
oh Graham doesn't have pals at the RNC.
Doesnt he, though?
Well, more than me, but 6, tops.
My father hated HRC enough to stand behind Trump - I suspect Lindsey's still better than any Dem to the Rs...
I can think of a few I'd make the trade for.
But you have principles.  And possibly a soul.
According to the RNC, I don't.
THANK YOU
.@LindseyGrahamSC @supertaschablue
And a bunch of 3rd tier bad actors who will try something less dramatic...
So you are good actors? Look at your track record in relation to hacking and cyber sabotage!
@creekbear oh my god I agree with Lindsey Graham about something
I know! Weird times
@zeebap2 And they WILL
How will other bad actors react to your NOT challenging the results of an election rigged by a bad actor? #Same @LindseyGrahamSC @SkipBorden
If u don't hold all candidates & ldrs 2 a higher std, & they lie, use racist, misogynist speech, & ignore ethics, u invite others 2 do same.
maybe part of the @realDonaldTrump plan to compromise American democracy????
INDEED!  Thanks for doing the right thing.  History is watching
@megwyckoff  keep sanctions in place and make them more severe. Don't allow Trump to reward Russia and Putin.
You don't have any proof or evidence that the hacked emails came from Russia…......You're just being a politician. #Legend
Well get it going than.
@hobbs_jan13   Dems demand a full& indep. Invest OR NEW ELECTION
@Voicereader thank you, Sen. Graham.
One assoholic 'democrat' can do more damage than a thousand haters. The emails show that.
Senator we will always disagree politically; but I thank you for standing up for America & democracy
You mean Putin DIDN'T elect Trump? Why all that joy in Moscow?
"Is there money in it?" -#Ouija board spelling out the answer from the depths of #DonaldTrump 's soul.
@TheTrueAllure finally found something we agree upon
I fully support you here @LindseyGrahamSC - but please do more than talk and tweet - you need to actually ACT on these words.
Be a hero and call for a halt of the electoral college vote.
Thank you for your courage, sir, in standing up to what must be a giant attack on you for doing the right thing.
you may be the only one standing holding our democracy together, I fear our future I pray you prevail.
Why did we not go after them 18 months ago. You are looking foolish now, siding with liberals.
As if that could be any worse. We are in national crisis. Justice Dept./SCOTUS must #delaythevote
I know you're doing this to protect yourself but thanks all the same Lindsey
i have never been so afraid of my freedom as an American...WHY ISN'T EVERYONE IN WASH DC JUMPING IN WITH U???
This country is being decimated right before our eyes.
you are the person supposed to be doing something.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Where were U last Summer when Arizona voter databases were hacked?U were awfully quiet. Was it b/c U thought HRC would win
they are email hackers not election hackers the election process not hacked join the democrats
@MrDane1982 Further, why allow Trump to be president when you know he is a Putin puppet. Does DC have any common sense.
Go after them how exactly? Your party's candidate is going to undo all the sanctions. Is that how you're going to get them?
Yes. Thank you.
I'm so appreciating your fair assessment. And I'm a liberal snowflake
they might as well go for it our elected officials will set on the info like they did before just sayen

Hard to imagine how much damage a state  like Russia can do without us standing up to it
cheats.murderers.corrupt
I  never thought I'd agree with him, but Graham is right.
Think North Korea started it with the Sony Pictures hack.
@SenatorShaheen @KellyAyotte We need leaders in the house to address this plus the business conflicts of #poetus
Happy to see you leading on this; All GOP must stand firm on this issue -- put Oath to Constitution FIRST!
The man who encouraged it, knew about it, shouldn't be president. He will ALWAYS be illegitimate. #NOTMYPRESIDENT
Russian hacking and Twitter - Trump's tools to fight his political opponents after inauguration?
Then try NOT blocking @POTUS at every turn! #YouBuiltThis #FixItNOW
...and if you let the results of this hacked election stand, YOU do the same... @LindseyGrahamSC
Who are the officials saying this...? Because @JohnKerry just said the opposite of what you did..catch up to talking points
Sooner or later the people who vote you in will wisen up & give you the long deserved boot, Or just switch 2 a dem what u r
#fakenews you act like other countries are not trying to hack into things DAILY..When W.H was hacked y no investigation
Amen
Senator Graham, I applaud you.  I live in DC and I will help you with this effort any way I can.
thank you!
They just don't care. Afraid to expose themselves to the rath of the soon to be dear leader. Cowards.
honor Unajusted Exit polls& allow the REAL WINNER to be sworn-or #REVOTE!fake elect./democ.NO THX @POTUS @ElectoralCollge
Thank you for your leadership on this issue and for putting country before party!
@ADIC33 Why-with ALL this & no way to really recount are we acting like we should just go forward?USA-not Russia!Either we1
Better cover your butt
@Weltenbrandt  I wish China had backed HRC . Then the winner of the popular vote by 3 million votes might have won :)
Trump (in)directly has created a worldwide culture of #fakenews, cronyism, & foreign actors influencing domestic policy.
So what do you plan to do about it, Aunt Pittypat? Have an attack of the vapors? Or do your damn job?
Kick ass and take names! Americans will NEVER forget who stood with #TraitorTrump Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell, Reince, Cruz
I just do not understand or trust your party (or whatever it is that is passing for your party), these days.
America's allies in Europe in May said that any intrusion by Russia should be met with zero tolerance. Make it expensive
couldn't agree more
UR an Ignoramus. Should never been elected to office and ur children must be embarrassed with your lack of intelligence.
#EsteemedElectors
I never imagined that I'll be making a comment for your being a true patriot. Thank you, Sir from a liberal like me 
@tampagirl19655 Exactly. I'm guessing GOP members will start to care when they lose an election through hacking
Thank you! We need more people with your clout to make this point far and wide and drive it home ASAP.
I am often at odds with your views but on this subject I agree.We need a transparent investigation of Russian hacking NOW !
Agree. Come on Obama do something!  Obama chicken?  Trump enabler
already happened mr Rino
Sure Graham. Go along with the liberal narrative that it was Russians and not that the People wanted Trump.
Trump won this election in a landslide and had Hillary won we wouldn't be hearing anything about "hacking".
He won by 80K votes over 3 states. Lost pop vote by 2.8 million votes. Definitely not a landslide
Clearly you don't understand how our elections work - win by winning ELECTORAL College. Trump 306 vs Hillary 232.
this is SOOO RIDICULOUS. Stop this madness and do your job which is to REPRESENT the American people, not point the finger
Government didn't care about Hillary's private server being hacked. Why didn't you hold her accountable????? LIAR
if you don't go after @HillaryClinton for breaking the law you are inviting other bad actors to do the same.
I didn't hear you mention the intelligence that ascribes leaks to inside the Intelligence Dept. That makes way more sense
Like #US did in #Europe you mean? #USEXCEPTIONALISM
