Election fatally compromised. To not exercise EC option is to lose critical ground, court harrowing risk. #threatisreal
I believe CNN needs to be investigated as well for trying to do the same thing in our own country! Let's not forget!
The country needs your voice, your stature, your decency and your honesty. I ask that you continue your patriotic duty.
this does not fit with all of your other tweets. Read them.
ANY Russian influence - big or small - immediately puts the election in doubt. Special election should happen in 2017.
History will reward you as the champion of truth, protector of our liberty in the face of tremendous pressure to capitulate
Trump's threatening Electors who want to vote against him, and suing Electors wanting to vote their choice. He's unfit.
I urge you to defer a final conclusion and continue to reject the Trump fait accompli. Follow the truth wherever it leads.
I'm sure you meant, "The outcome of the 2016 presidential election is now in doubt."
It shouldn't be in doubt, but electors will be flipped 'cause you've flamed the fire What are you really posturing? Retire!
of course it is!!
Would you say the same if HRC had won & the RNC had been hacked? LOL!
It's not final yet! #ElectoralCollege
Well, it definitely swayed votes away from Hillary! Comey also should be investigated!
Good to know, thanks!
I appreciate you standing up to the Russians but I don't agree with this statement.
Condemn Russia & support their puppet. Condemn Assad & obstruct efforts to stop him. Schizophrenic or just 2-faced schemer?
Seems like you & GOP just want to steal their stooge for your own brutal agenda. Your fascism isn't any better than theirs.
actually it is, with more info coming out daily that points to the fact DT knew & did nothing to stop it #TreasonousTrump
True. It is indisputable that the majority of Americans rejected Trump...and the EC has 1 chance to make that official.
With all due respect, you're contradicting yourself, Senator.
I mean, it is hard to doubt an outcome that has not happened yet, so...
agreed!!!!
The integrity of the whole system is certainly in question if status quo remains. You figure it out.
Not so sure about that!
We know the Election OUtcome is Trumps. But sick of all the Whiners who Lost. Working class really sick of sorelosers.
Appreciate all your work. There were some irregularities in counties with electronic voting:
No doubt that Trump has no mandate. #minorityPresident Hillary won the people in a landslide.
It is in doubt if the Russian's hacked and influenced it. Can't have both.
How it got to that outcome is wholly illegal. Don't be Trump's puppet. You're my senator, too. Represent ME!
Millions differ on this viewpoint Millions!
Power over country I guess with the GOP
It most certainly is. Trump has undeniable ties to Putin. He is a traitor. We need to unite against him. Full stop.
exactly. This was information warfare, something the Russians are exceptional at. http://www.slate.com/articles/technology/future_tense/2016/12/how_russia_hacked_american_voters.html … @clairecmc
Russia has been hacking us since before the internet was a thing. That's not new. The story is that some people make it easy.
Yes it is. Only need 37 EC voters to do their patriotic and Constitutional duty
EVERY GOP who turns their backs on USA and looks to Russia has committed TREASON ..... #CountryOverParty 
patriots can agree to accept the result of the election but not the foreign intervention that led to the result
Patriots can't stand aside and just let TrumpTraitor wreck this nation. Electors can't vote for him, he's unfit.
You have been a Historic Voice against Trump so far. Your legacy should continue as the one Republican to speak the truth.
It is not a sign of weakness to admit USA was manipulated by foreign power. Let's deal with reality wherever it takes us.
Russian influence possibly changed the election result. Stability of US institutions not protected by pretending otherwise.
I respect your consistent solitary position against Trump and your clear-minded disdain for this unfit deviant. #patriotic
Given the needle-threading perfection Trump needed for Electoral Win while losing popular vote by 2.5M+, HOW CAN U B SURE?
Russia is super glad to hear you say that.
However, the income of the 2016 Presidential Election is still to be determined.
Man up. You know it's a stolen illegitimate election. It amazes how gracious hillary was to a dissembling piece of garbage
By "outcome" do you mean a president-elect who is also a Russian puppet? #thisisnotnormal
should b if electors were doing job since it's their job to override majority if candidate isn't fit. This case minority.
You know, when I read (I'm paraphrasing) that the electoral college to created to protect people from their own stupidity..
Yes it has to be. We cannot survive a Russian backed narcissistic demagogue. He's insane. Anyone else who is sane ok to me.
What if Trump knew or cooperated?
if Trump hadn't sued to stop the recounts, they'd proceeded & verified he won, I would agree. But without full recounts
there's lots of doubt. We Americans deserved questionable states to have a full, monitored recount, not more Trump fraud.
double speak much? Since Russia invaded our election- how is it valid?
Do u really believe Clinton's hacked emails didn't impact voter perception & results?What if only RNC/DJT had been hacked?
The Electors are within their rights to refuse to vote for a man who will fit the criteria 4 impeachment on DAY1 @FoxNews
nice one.  You almost had me.  Seriously, you're losing credibility here.
Are you sure?
someone stole my parking spot at Target at lunch.  I think it was a Russian.
Well, Senator, it isn't settled for a few more days. Be a hero; investigate, then brief the Electors. US counting on you
At this time last year we still had hope for a much different outcome.
But Senator Graham, it is now illegitimate because of the hacking. We need a re-vote. Please,please advocate for that.
disagree.
nope just our collective sanity!
Says Who ? YOU ? Who won the POPULAR Vote ????
You're right, Lindz. Hillary won.
you like Flynn?  Are you serious?  He's NUTS.  GET REAL. Be a real American.  And how many wars is GOP going to start? STOP
I don't agree that, given the scope of their input, there was no affect. But I thank you for many of your assurances!
Nor are the disastrous results & repercusions, I'm afraid - as should we all be!
The investigation has not taken place yet, so it's impossible for you to know.
Senator. What is the alt-left's motive for challenge the Electoral College if it is a foregone conclusion no win?
How come? And why not call a new election? Wouldn't you do it if Clinton had won with, say, the support of Cuba?

How is that statement defensible given hacking?
maybe if you live on cloud cuckoo land....
But the sanity of the American electorate is. Hope you act as a firewall these next 4 years.
Not until December 19th.  The #ElectoralCollege decides the outcome.
#Electors save our nation from fascist Trump, be #FaithlessElectors & vote for HRC please. #ElectoralCollege
Right & vote for Comrade #CorruptHillary.-good to see #NeoLibtards & @LindseyGrahamSC so dismissive of Conservatives @4AnimalLife #electors
another Russian Twitter egg calling people names! Blocking, you bot.
Putin 2016
if you don't mind a coup, if you don't live in Detroit, if Putin is your friend. If you are okay with treason.
Unfortunately true but doesn't make it ok to accept. Honestly Senator, there is so much wrong with it. Are u a patriot?
our democracy is under attack,  open your eyes and put country first!  Russian propaganda influenced the outcome!
Like Obama tried to do in the 2013 Israeli election? HRC lost on her own merits.  @LindseyGrahamSC
the recklessness & pandering to lowest common denominator by GOP has put this great country in peril.
is a national hero. I stand with him and whatbhebisbsayingbon CNN I stand with him!
on CNN...can't you people do anything but blame Obama.  So pathetic. GOP warmongers #InformTheElectors  #RESIST
I do declare
lol!
the outcome isn't but the process certainly is suspect if #russianhacking was a factor
Way to tow that party line. You GOPers lie lie lie for power. YOU ARE REPLACEABLE. YOUR DAY IS COMING. #Conartists
True. What IS in doubt is what forces influenced that outcome. (PS ‘400 pound Russian guy’ comment was A+).
The outcome is not in doubt, how we arrived at the outcome is.
Correct. The outcome is one of the worst mistakes in history that half of the country made...and the other half will suffer
You're mistaken. We've already been through that for the last 8 years.  @LindseyGrahamSC
I take it you have dual Russian citizenship? The past is just that, the past - get over it.
Sir, respectfully, that's how the Russians see it as well. #electoralcollegedoyourjob
Not to u, until someone finds out that Trump knew in advance abt the hacking, thanks 2 Flynn & Manafor
We haven't seen the intelligence report. What don't we know?
but the behavior of the PEOTUS certainly is.
Sure. Whatever you say.
Right.  I have no doubt it was an illegitimate travesty and a mockery of our system of government.  No doubt at all.
nor is Russian influence
Russia got the outcome it intended. All is well...for them.
Nor is the fate of the USA.
ahh ok.
