.@LindseyGrahamSC aren't you tired of war? Aren't you tired of sending young men and women to harms away?
McCain and Graham in Ukriane shopping for a war with Russia for New Year present 
McCain and Graham spent New Year provoking the Russians for a war
I support russian actions in Syria, but supporting Russia in Ukraine is at least stupid. Russian neighbors suffer for centuries.
I don't know much about the region so I won't be commenting on about it.
But McCain and Graham will be bringing Ukraine the sort of miseries we have suffered in Syria for past 5 years.
do you think McCain cares if 1 or 2 million Ukrainians died in a war with Russia?
last time McCain visited Syria, rest is history
stop Trump's Russian cabinet picks.  The people are watching.  If picks get approved, then what difference are sanctions?
Russian cabinet what r u smoking?
@Backstorymom1 When does the investigation begin?#russianhack #TraitorTrump #LyingTrump #LockHimUp
Just as the leaked DNC emails unlikely changed the minds of Hillary supporters, Trump voters only see Dems are bad losers
GOP choosing party over country.
Dems just can't accept that Hillary lost for ignoring 'flyover' country...hacks embarrassed, but likely changed no votes
And even if the hacks did change a very few votes, only because Americans saw the truth of Dem dirty politics
Dems tried to cheat and manipulate...how dare the voters see reality!  See who the Dems really are
GOP was hacked,  info not released. Interesting how many are accepting treason instead of speaking out. #blackmail
Lol...right.  No info to release because GOP smart enough not to fall for phishing hack a 12 year old knows better.
Hope you get hacked, would like to see your corruption
@VA4Hillary1 do your job...investigate this as feverishly as reps did Clinton...regardless of your Trump love.
@VA4Hillary1. Then why dont you and the rest of the GOP get off your asses and stop Trump. Most of GOP are now traitors
Kentucky and W Virginia were hacked by Obama's DHS, as well

@CorrectBSRecord @LindseyGrahamSC @Thomas1774Paine @TEN_GOP @asamjulian
Yep..had same thought. Ya know they were all-in on whatever they did
@CorrectBSRecord @LindseyGrahamSC @Thomas1774Paine @TEN_GOP @asamjulian
Do you have any idea what the word "hack" means?  Oh, wait...
@POTUS should have given the diplomats more than 72 hours to pack up.  They weren't able to celebrate New Years Eve.
@realDonaldTrump "long overdue"??? So is your departure from the US Senate. Recall drive underway...
no one would try to protect Putin like trump does unless he holds something over him
You should investigate trump I think Putin has something on trump.
This shouldn't be political! If O had done this during election, Repubs would have thrown a fit!
. Agree with you.
cmon Lindsey, long overdue give us a break, we will vote you out, even I have to move & run myself.
Hope that the good Senator is as relentless with this as he was with Clinton-Benghazi.
@ElizabethRowin Yes, Sen Graham, the price is less than we wanted. So what r you in Congress going to do to ensure ALL pay?
but again Republicans are putting a Russian spy in the White House, which is a huge price for America to pay
Russian spy? How bout this 100% true
pants on fire big fat liar
So what is THE GOP doing about it, ples explain to us mere mortals what'd happen to trump if he's part of it.
@GOPathetic I think you can thank your Senate leader for any delay in retaliation
I cannot help but believe that other methods are underway that we just cannot know about
There is more to come @LindseyGrahamSC 
Now, go get that stinkin' traitor.
as your constituent, are you going to Hold Trumps feet to the fire too? He is growing more dangerous and you know it
look to the future Missy. 'The Dump' won, you will get what you want.
Why didn't congress place sanctions?
let trump handle it no one care what's you think @seanspicer
why aren't we prosecuting @realDonaldTrump and his surrogates for treason? 18 USC 2381 - hacking an election must qualify.
Graham for President 2020!!!
So quit being a collaborating treasonist & remove investigation from your shady party's hands to an independent commission
all your liberal snowflakes apparently have been binge watching CNN again. Oh Russia this Russia that.  BLAH blah blah...
Once again this shows that Lindsey Graham and other elites are all in bed with Soros and are out to destroy US
I will never forget your cowardice in the face of a traitorous candidate bearing your party name. This is on you.
lack of Obama push back is de facto compliance of whomever's agenda is at play.
We are not the enemy; we are your fellow citizens.We need a SCOTUS injunction to prevent inauguration election
should be thrown out & new one held. Voter suppression should not be allowed.Russian tampering should not be
@Elenilinda11 where were u and the rest of GOP? Oh I know plotting a 1 term Pres#traitors
so we are worried more about what they did than the contents. hmmm. russia didn't make me vote!
Who sanctions  the US when they interfere in democratic processes? Russia trolled you guys. Long overdue.
bull
Tell us Lindsey if we do not do what you want are you going to threaten with nukes going off again? Remember that? I do!
@TheChrisSuprun Lindsay, you re a dinosaur.
term limits please
Mr. Graham you don't deserve the title of Senator!  You have not got a clue to what you are commenting about.
.@LindseyGrahamSC perhaps we should appoint a special prosecutor so that we can all know just how far Russian influence went.
it is more then the @realDonaldTrump will do considering he does not even think Russia was involved
I can't believe these Americans siding with Russia, if they love them so much move over there.
Psychopath
You'll be the next loser
you will still be in Senate, get some stronger sanctions against Trump. Prove he is a liar and involved with Russia. Impeac
Please keep the pressure on Russia. They must pay a heavy price for this.
Seriously, we know u don't agree w/ Obama mostly. Just say you agree this time, but want even more.
do you ever have anything positive to say
@DawnNeufeld what would like to see done? Why don't you pry @realDonaldTrump 'S lips off Putin's ass & put America first?
the fence you are straddling is getting shakier @LindseyGrahamSC
what proof do you have?  Curious that no one has produced?
thank you senator. I'm afraid the pres elect is off base on russia.
@eceller64 well you better make sure Trump doesn't undo everything that has been done country over party
--Donald trump wants us to move on.  Are you guys sure Trump doesn't have some clandestine illegal deals with Putin..??
and a huge price for our country to pay because it gave us Trump.
What are YOU going to do to ensure our Democracy is protected against Trump and his friend Putin
is zYrump going to suppress any investigation?  If so he needs to be investigated for conspiracy against Americans
Where are the rest of the Republicans speaking in favor of the sanctions. Is McConnell Putins bitch too???
.@LindseyGrahamSC Too bad your Republican comrades  not want anyone to know the information that intelligence had before election. TRAITORS
Disingenous ass.  if Pres. Obama had done this in September u would have accused him of playing politics.
Okay, I'll bite.  What would you add to the sanctions?
@overrunbydogs Keep it up Lindsey, we might give u a job in 4 yrs. you guys just got to start making sense for modern USA!!
Proportional Response, look it up.  That why you won't ever, ever be president.
And American democracy is not for sale.
The damage that he Russians did to our country will be felt for years. The damage to the world will last for decades.
agree. Do more.Trump isPutin's puppet.
Really American lives don't matter
too small a price! Putin no doubt expects Trump to fix. Where does the @GOP stand??  Strangely quiet except for select few
the content wasn't disputed.  Soros investigation due. Saudis to. 

@realDonaldTrump 
@GenFlynn 
@GovMikeHuckabee
Please stop talking and do something. Full investigation!
Wrong cowboy, American public needs third party if shenanigans takes place and people are being placed above the law.

The only thing that got hacked Election Night was a big Democrat hair ball. 
void the election and re do.
WORLD WAR III IS EASY TO START! YOU & MCCAIN KEEP GOING AFTER THOSE BAD RUSSIANS. YET YOU ALLOW OBAMA TO CUT US DOWN!
@realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @seanspicer   RUSSIA has never been our friend except WW2/Stalin against Hitler! NO WW3 PLZ!!
;  Russia is fighting ISIS which is helping US security.
America is counting on you to hold Trump accountable in regards to Russia and interference by Putin.
@kamrananwar1973 Do not back down. It certainly looks like Putin is pulling the puppet strings!
Keep investigating and prosecute everything found against the USA especially treason. It had to happen in this mess.
Appreciate your speaking out for democracy around the world and for sanctions against Russia.
Let's not tie Trump’s hands. Give him a chance to reset relations with Russia. Concentrate on whacking the UN instead.
Linda such a tough girl on Twitter. @lindseygrahamsc
Linda u should grow a pair of balls an go after Putin. @lindseygrahamsc
More interested in making amends with Israel after what POTUS pulled. Fix that first, please.
Obama didn't give a damn then & doesn't now. Wants to thumb his nose at Putin on his way out the door. #tcot #GOP
The 1-2 Punch,  Delivered by McCain and Graham as well may prove to be enough a (TKO) ;the right price Russia will pay!!!
Too bad he couldn't do that back in October before the election because the GOP would've said it was some partisan thing.
Long overdue thanks to McConnell.
Make them pay by unseating their puppet! #impeach
show me evidence Russia did what you claim they did
@TheChrisSuprun I'd like to see them pay the price of having their chosen POTUS fail to be inaugurated, among other things.
Pretty odd statement from PEOTUS. What is at the root of his refusal to denounce Russian hacking?
Your mouth must only be a small price to pay for the military complex, you're always calling for more war.
I understand more is coming but why do you think it's a "small price", Senator?
What are you doing to fully investigate the tie between Russia & election? Ties between Trump & Russia? We need to know all
for the White House
Well duh, they already won the fucking White House
Long overdue, long overdue... #GOP has #TalkingPoint memorized. Who blocked in #Congress? >> @SenateMajLdr @Patrickesque
Haven't you made enough money off the defense contractors yet Lindsey?
Do you really think GOP has a chance after 2 years of constant scandals to keep any of the Houses?
You need to expose the treason that Putin's stooge, Trump is committing.
thanks Russia 
Particularly in the face of all gifts they'll be getting - like Tillerson for Secretary of State.
This is nothing but a CIA coup attempt. Graham is a fool. #NotmySenator
today's statement is from FBI, not CIA https://www.us-cert.gov/sites/default/files/publications/JAR_16-20296A_GRIZZLY%20STEPPE-2016-1229.pdf …
Obama is trying to ensnare Trump so he can arrest him for interference 

Obama's a child 

HE Has NO Evidence
are you, GOP, willing to spend 4 years w/everyday scandals? Self destructing in the end. Will reverse today's Dem's defeat.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Then stand behind PBO & make sure they pay the price! PEOTUS thinks we shld just MOVE ON from an attack on our Democray!
actually we all owe Russia a debt of gratitude
You better start looking into your PEOTUS who says move on .Really ?
thank you for being a loyal American.
Naaaaa you want Obama saintion just to give a hard time to Trump, You said NADA in 8 years, n give Obama the world
Place an embargo on Russian oil exports, and any bank that does business with Rosneft
never criticise without trying on president's shoes. Especially if people like GOP are after you on everything.
Everybody knows the emails were leaked by a DNC insider, and this is silly posturing.
Only a moron would believe it.
Please inform @realDonaldTrump that it's not time to move on. He will swear an oath to protect the constitution. Nice if he actually did it
I don't understand you. Where is your outrage for what was uncovered about our political system?
I hope that you're going to stand up when necessary against your own party who have rolled over for their new Master
why did you not have them earlier if they are long overdue?
Your opportunity to punish Putin more: remove Trump on Jan6. Yes, you can. Unite with Dems, will be better for all of you
Totally acceptable to Putin, what does sanctions on FSB even mean? Can somebody pay visa fees to border control run by KGB?
watch what your president tries to do with those sanctions. Blast him.
Do more Senator.
what do you suggest ?
