@AviAbelow Detestable move by Obama he will Reap what he has sown...be assured
Oh my, goodness me. USA is ignoring Israel, except for all that money and weapons Israel gets from USA
Yes, and now THIS!!
reckless? Bibi embraces Bannon, clearly has no problem w/racist rhetoric.Btw this is real(not meme)RussianPravda/Propaganda
This looks very interesting. I wish I could read it. Also relevant:
Nice to see you backing the modern day Fuehrer Of Genocide.  Time to retire from public service.
Well said!! And now this development:
Next time the through foolish cross your stunted brain, do think of yourself & Trump, that carries with him the KKK to W.H
maybe more abt interests of Kerry's family's offshores  into energy assets worldwide?
You crazy GOP people tuck your ass between your tail while this WHIT Supremacist Trump, move into White House with Bannon
maybe they ought not be a belligerent actor in a hostile environment. One day, we won't be there to protect them.
Have you sponsored a bill to defund the UN, yet?
Dont b hypocrite any country who would do what Benjamin N is doing would be sanctioned not helping Israel 2 say always yes
It's Israel being reckless, not Obama.
Its also rhetoric like this that damages rational discussion of important issues.
bullshit-obama has been switching alliances-this should be punished with impeachment or imprisoned (my opinio
Stop supporting Israel and their ugly aggression. Tired of playing big brother to this punk nation.
needs to FOCUS his energy improving conditions for his impoverished constituents in South Carolina. #priorities #Christian
meanwhile....
A wake up call to Israel 
No, YOU are reckless, Senator. Palling around with an international criminal...
nor do the American people.
So your view is for Israel to expropriate Palestinian land/resources at will w/o consequence?  That's not reckless/naive?
@mdubowitz It sends a message that terror will be rewarded. The world will suffer too.
Trump isn't even in office and is already causing major rifts with China. I guess you like that, comrade.
How much money do you get paid to say things like that? AMERICA FIRST. Ban AIPAC and ban ALL dual citizens in the fedgov.
Pretty much how Obama must be feeling after 8 years with you congressional morons
It is you and DT who are being naive, foolish, reckless. Not Obama, the UN and rest of the World.
Israel doesn't need our tax money either, and American taxpayers don't need to pay a King's tribute to Israel.
Really?
#2003Roadmap

That's your opinion& with no point, other than to placate Israel if Israel doesn't want enemies, then don't make them,
I think that we should give Israel more money and then,go fight a war for them.Maybe we can give them our Social Security.
Lindsey - Obama hates Christians and Jews. He also supports an Islamic regime of Iran. Toxic waste for America, not naive.
Lindsey - Obama/Kerry never were naive. They work for the Iranian regime. GOP needs to press treason charges.
True; why not act on it and throw the UN out of the US?
what's reckless is giving $10-11 billion a day in foreign aid to them when they get free health care and college educations
You need to keep your nose out of it. You've.
w/Jew-loving friends like u, SC doesnt need u 4 Senator!!
@TimBurt Always have been naive foolish and reckless. When has it ever made sense.
#Netanyahu needs to be quiet. US gives BILLIONS
to #Israel so NO bitching!
@cnn so,the wold is wrong and  @LindseyGrahamSC is right! What is the alternative for Palestinians? Throw them away???
it was the inevitable result of Mr. Netanyahu’s own stubborn defiance of international concerns with @Potus's policies.
Didn't hear you sounding off against Reagan or both Bush admins on this exact same issue. Is it the issue or the tides?
Palestine is in ruins as it is, they need to be recognized as a separate state. Love one another.
Under President Obama we had no war, now you want us to get ready to die and bleed for Trump? Follow the money or oil!
You want to gas chamber the Palestine people, is that also on the table?
I thought you were smarter than, Rump, I was wrong! Wow!
So no 2 state for you egh? Interesting, what will happen to the Palestine refugees?
And your policy is to bomb the sh*t out of Palestine?
You and Trump will destroy the world. Love thy neighbor means love Palestine too.
I guess you and Trump are drinking out of the same cup.
Shouldn`t u be able to tell a true friend (ally) when he is wrong? Looks like Israel isn`t that kind of "friend" hm?
obama and kirry got money from jewish lobby
You sound like a senator from @Israel not USA. 
If you want to represent @Israel, then run for their senate
is scared of his own shadow. He literally thinks we will all die if ISIS somehow invades the US.
@CUFI
@MaddoxMags 
U SAY THAT NOW!Why the HELL didnt u open ur trap & try 2 STOP THEM this last 8yrs?U R NOT A FRIEND OF THE PPL!
@SCGOP Appreciate Senator Graham for speaking out against wrong decisions.
What? Compared to "Ima tweet new nuclear policy" Trump? You have more important things to lose sleep over.
If Israel won't rein in the settlers, fuck'em.
@cheerio15 You're a WOLF in sheep's clothing.
@BearingTruth You need to fight with every bit of artillery to stop Obama and defund the UN
@RSCGOP Then do something productive for once.  Get us out of the UN!
Why do you - or any of us - owe so much allegiance to Israel?  Perhaps it's time we let that "country" support itself.
enough pontification, do something substantial.  Show the American people you have guts enough to stop this sheer madness.
right. It's totally the same as suicide bombers
All of our elected official should STOP with foreign relations pronouncments on Twitter. Do your work in Congress.
you forgot treacherous.
I always admired you, but I don't understand how a non-2-state solution works. More settlements stand against that. Right?
Are you a representative of the U.S. or are you a representative of Israel? #USSLiberty ring a bell?!
yet you agree with Obamas dangerous open borders policies. WTH?
@ForeverAMarine Israel has a friend in the American people!!
just when I had started to respect you, you go back to partisan politics
Nuclear proliferation by the incoming potus is better?
If you think Obama's foreign policy is reckless, wait until you see the next guy's!
Honest question Senator...do you believe US policy should primarily support, ignore, or condemn settlements?
billions in my tax money goes to Israel every year, that's not friendship?
I want to wish you and your family a Very Merry Christmas sir.
That is fine we will build our 2BR& kitchen on your backyard .... then probably you will see the truth!!!
I guess your boss JohnMcLame was WRONG when he said "we have nothing to fear from a President Obama."@LindseyGrahamSC @TaperedOut @toefinger
Reckless? What do you call tweeting about nukes?
We are counting on you to do something about this!
It creates its own stealing all that land. 
They are our enemies too. It's time to wake up, be American, and get behind the incoming President.
@postandcourier What is fair & not just political, is the There has to be a 2 state peaceful solution. Not just more war.
your parents owned an important local bar where South Carolinians came to enjoy life. Do u represent them with this tweet?
You can't actually believe any of this right? Republicans have legit zero principles. Rhetoric bullshit.
Think the Obama administration just gave Israel $38 billion, biggest military give ever. So what's your point?
Obama and Valarie said would punish our enemies we have know all along now truth they consider Israel an enemy
defund UN house introduce bill sovereignty from UN resolution world court Reid nuc option 51 votes in Sen
fight like D Harry Reid change rule for Federal Judges to 51 Supreme court is a federal judge advise N consent
no where IN constitution does it say 60 votes Ram it threw time to treat Dem the way they have treated the
country with distain now why Sen has power change filibuster rules as well at this point what diff does it make
Senator, Palestinians are not all terrorists & shouldn't be punished w/apartheid and settlements. I'm saying this as a Jew.
They Are a greater friend to us Jews and Israel than you. We are for the 2 state solution. You Are for apartheid and war
Will you cut UN funding? Words are wind.
Israel is an appartied state. They act like we owe them. How is that a friend?
You aren't doing anything to help, sit on the sidelines and talk
Sir, if it's reckless policy your are worried about, you ain't seen nothing yet. Wait for the Pussengropenführer on 1/20.
Israel is a brutal repressive regime pretending to be a democracy we would be well advised to stay way the hell away from.
they destroy middle east
Youre repeating yourself over and over ... let's get some originality in your tweeting
Mr. Graham, I think you will need to watch Mr. Trump even more closely.
no
please do what you can to correct this. The US must stand with Israel
And how will @realDonaldTrump do as president? Your party is now in control- good luck.
O-K policy keeps us all less safe.#Terrorthreats #Christmas
