thank you sir for understanding the severity of this and putting country/democracy before party.
really? How about the severity of obama back stabbing Israel and the Iran deal and his undermining the USA
if someone wanted your plot of land religious beliefs what would you do? Ps the Jews want America back still pro Israeli?
by the way that happens in 2000 and again in 2005. Check it out. I back Israel NOT IRAN like this administration and I think You
we still protect and respect Israel but your defense that we should blindly back them 100% makes no sense.
Netanyahu is a war hawk and this was our way of trying to preserve peace.  Two deeply religious groups are fighting over
check it out every attack starts with Palestine not Israel. Palestine does not want peace. They want Control
oh, well since you put this silly statement on a blk background with white letters this must be fact.
hence the investigation sweetheart.  Don't worry adults are in charge go back to duck dynasty
Evidence necessary prior to accusations based on the words of liars - sweetie - now go back to the view...
the FBI and CIA are liars? Interesting.  Can't watch the view doll I have a job. Enjoy your fake bubble of lies
Lindsey Graham is a total disgrace to the Republican Party and to the PEOTUS
your embrace of communism is a disgrace to our whole country constitution and way of life
@JoelCRosenberg Way to go Beavis, further the false narrative that clinton lost because of the Russian interference.
no she lost because she was a bad candidate but that doesn't change what Russia did
what did they do? The hacking claim is unsubstantiated coming from this administration. Fakenews
except for the fact that it's coming from the FBI and CIA.
yeah the same fbi that said Clinton didn't break the law and a CIA that said isis was beaten.
Hillary Clinton did not break the law. #imstillwithher
Read the law 18USC anyone who holds a clearance knows she did.
how will you get @realDonaldTrump to agree?
stop with the lip service start working on repealing obamacare, JOBS, JOBS and more JOBS and TAX REFORM.
AMERICA FIRST. To late to cry over split milk and get Tech companies to build stronger fire walls.
time to get off the Russian bullshit. You should look for the traders in government. Russian hacking lmao
Traders of what? Snake oil?
meant to writer traitors
Here's a thought.. Instead of trading with China why not focus on India and S America? Maybe time to reduce China trade?
Mr Graham needs to step back from continued support of Obama! He failed
What planet are you on? LOL
with the lunacy that seems common today, I often wonder myself?
I have an idea let's sanction Graham and Mccain for being freedom loving American Imposters and traitors
Do you know what Rex is up to? $$$$$! I really liked you..for a while.  What happened? 45/cronies  WILL crumble..which side are you on, SIR?
Lets start ww3 because DWS and Donna Brazille got caught cheating Bernie Sanders in leaked emails? Are you insane Lindsey?
Bernbots whining again. How was dear saint Bernie cheated? Sick of the whining. Grow up.
Hacks were internal. Use GOP victory for easy, high impact to Americans. Dems setting GOP up to be war mongers. Be smart
Thank-you for upholding the Constitution & your fight 4 our democracy. Please work on the GOP to do the same! Thank-you!
Well done, sir! #resist 
Tell Americans why "Before the Inauguration" this inquiry is necessary & why you are committing war crimes this minute?
Russia is a Nationalist country invited into Syria, owes IMC nothing. Who is the terrorists against American Citizens? #NWO
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC  Show me the proof or shut up. Haven't you sold your country out enough already? Yes, you have! .
#votelindseygrahmout
thanks for standing up to russia..weak trump is clueless.
Where the hell is the proof??
Are they bipartisan? Where is the GOP on Russia? Seem awful quiet. It sure looks like Trump does what Putin says.
.  Take bi partisan out of your vocabulary.
Without Intell agencies testifying before congress, first? This is outrageous and the height of irresponsibility.
Where was your democracy concern when O directly intervened in Israeli election? Or in Syria when we backed an overthrow?
let's not talk about that, it makes us look like we are doing the same thing they are complaining about
Many Americans grateful Russia's attacks on our democratic process wont go unpunished. Thank u 4 yr leadership on this!
Obama didn't go nearly far enough. To deny Putin his win, you need to ban Gazprom from all Oil developments on US Soil.
in US we're more interested and will hit #GOP hard when U destroy Medicare & Social Security count on it
Yeah, considering today’s Far Right GOP wants to give us even worse medical coverage than Russia would.
Sorry that's already happened.
You haven't got a clue. You're getting ZIP. Your state of health will be what's deplorable  about you.
But I do.. I pay for my family. Almost 700 per mo 6000 OOP IND 12000 fam. Your welcome.
END THE FED!  Internaltional bankers control everything including @LindseyGrahamSC and profit off war https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4wU9ZnAKAw …
instead of sanctioning Russia for phantom hacking be productive and update us security so it can't happen you buffoon
.@LindseyGrahamSC Trump will just dismantle them when his reign begins.
#RESISTANCE 
#DontheCon 
#TreasonousTrump
Stop pushing the Russian Lie manufactured by the DNC and Obama. https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C02BrAZUsAYP8um.jpg …
Nice job...  Aren't you concerned that by hitting Putin finances, you will be seriously undermining the PE's fortune?

sanctions only punish the people not the leaders.  How exactly will Putin suffer?  You are clueless
What to expect 2017? Congressional demagogues pushing #fakenews of #RussiaHacking US elections to derail @realDonaldTrump
Hey Lindsey why dont you show us proof of the russian hacking???  you are with that war monger John McCain. I dont trust U
make them see we want to live in peace but Putin is the one who is a control freak and does not want peace but more power
excellent idea to go after Putin individually. We should also launch an information campaign aimed at the Russian public to
U protest a lot for a guy who systematically backs covert ops that hacks, topples governments, kills 500K plus people. WTF!
this is absurd. Sanctions have their place, but have zero effect on individual leaders by their very nature. See Saddam.
before you accuse Putin of something with no facts 2 back this up you should stop & realize the Danger you are doing 2 USA!
Hey Lindsey, We the People in South Carolina will NEVER FORGET that you failed to honor your pledge.  We won't forget.
Never thought I'd agree with you on anything Senator, but I support you 100% on maintaining economic sanctions on Russia.
hope u uphold all sanctions implemented by Obama and do not become servile asskissing opprtunist like McConnell and wife
Good! Bad things must befall those that do bad things!
u know don & putin r gonna be hanging out.  Just trashing u man.
you've got this Russia thing right...take it all the way.  Thank you!
stand true to your values & sanction Russia. You are a true patriot.
Just asking how do you spell the dictator of russian's name PUTRID
Do we have iron clad evidence of Russia interfering with our election? Lay out the evidence for The People to judge.
Hahaha nice joke indeed, No it wont hit Russia, No amount of sanction can cripple Russia We will remain strong!
Reverse Hillary's TREASONOUS Uranium 1 deal that she was bribed by Frank Giustra through Bill Clinton to approve.
Why are you afraid? You should be above reproach in your job. Then no worries.
, is behaving more/ more AS A LEADER, there's hope for the Senate. Would love to see this Air Force Col. REPLACE McConnell.
2 is the example all Americans want to see. You have made me a believer that some in DC can do what right 4 the country.
Regarding hard Russian sanctions. Could you please answer me how Russians will take care of bringing our astronauts  home?
1 Sir Thank you for your efforts on dealing with the Russian hacking. I was never a fan but the way u have put country 1st
you are an embarrassment to SC and the Nation!  I am a SC conservative and can't figure out how you keep getting elected
why is President-elect Trump pandering to Russia?
you are beginning to sound a lot like @HillaryClinton
Stop this grandstanding. You were crushed by Trump. We don't need you or Obama doing anything to tie Trumps hands
there will be be no sanctions. Your party will not abide sanctions
.@LindseyGrahamSC Is scapegoating Russia & warmongering, playing with nuclear war, to DISTRACT US FROM CHILD KIDNAPPING/RAPE/TORTURE/MURDER?
.@LindseyGrahamSC Indpndnt voter-I C DNC&RNC leadership have turned evil. LEAVE RUSSIA ALONE! WE KNOOOWWW DHS hacked electn&u r scapegoating
Will the sanctions include undoing the Uranium 1 Deal with Frank Giustra brokered by Bill Clinton for quid pro quo bribe?
@tempteststorm2 why are you doing this when we are looking to establish a new relationship with Russia.
Good, but help Europe start fracking Poland and France so they can get off Russian gas.
@ focus on Repealing replacing Obama, taxes, jobs, immigration. You should be I. Washington working for the people. Focus
hey loser, if you do not shape up we will vote you out!  You are a trouble maker!https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2016/12/lindsey-graham-ready-war-russia-says-entire-senate-disagrees-trump-russia/ …
what world do you guys live in. When you stop pushing ur own agendas and listen to the people u may get the Dem party back
Love hearing the word "Bi-Partisan" keep it coming!
Love it! Putin thought he was getting @realDonaldTrump  elected to remove sanctions. Now it's going to backfire. Karma??
keep an eye on tactics. Big Bear is cage.
Where is your proof that Russia hacked Podestas emails? #WIKILEAKS said it was insider HRC campaign. Who killed #sethrich
The DNC email hacking was an inside job . NO WAR WITH RUSSIA ! WHO KILLED SETH RICH ? #MAGA
Delusional nonsense.
shut up
Why are we doing something so dangerous and stupid? Russian hackers didn't cause Clinton to lose WI, PA, Iowa, MI!!
@lynn_weiser Go away
You're going to fold under Presidential pressure less than 100 days into Trump's presidency. @nytimes U heard it here 1st.
Insist on bipartisan Select Committee on Russian election meddling.
=POS Agent4 GulfArabs Look@ PATHETIC PUSSYs Pix Next2 #ISIS #War Lord #KingSalman!! #cnni #thehill #teamtrump @abc #nytimes
=POS Agent4 GulfArabs Look@ PATHETIC PUSSYs Pix Next2 #ISIS #War Lord #KingSalman!! #cnni #thehill #teamtrump @abc #nytimes
now sanction ALL the collaborators in America @realDonaldTrump. Carter Page, Paul Manaforte, @SenateMajLdr they deserve it
I believe you & McCain are working with Obama that you are making it harder for Trump no proof but I believe it
What about independent investigation?  US traitors need to be help accountable.  If you don't believe this look at your Russian comments
the same people who cant accept, evolution or climate change will never accept any evidence that Russia interfered
Excellent! #Putin should be on trial for war crimes in #Aleppo
@realDonaldTrump There is zero evidence of Russian interference. Mr. Trump will reset relations w/Putin, it's about time!!
@Donna_West @realDonaldTrump won't like it. Many of his creditors are Russian and may call his debts. #conflictofinterest
When it comes to starting wars it's always a bi-partisan measure
Do you have some proof to show the US prior to leading us to a war on behalf of buthurt democrats?
Lindsey is a closet homo that picked the LIBERAL agenda over #Trump
BusyDay4 @kingsalman's Fu*kPuppet  -MustHave Threatend2 Xpose NevrMarried LGs SEXual Preference- @realDonaldTrump @AP @CNNi
- Get with the PEOPLE that voted for TRUMP!  Or, you will become one of the MOST hated in the USA!
- Russia did not hack Podesta e-mails. And, you know it was us that caused all the problems in the middle east!
war monger
Big talk, little action. Should be the "slogan" of Congress.

Putin warned Obama about the Tsarnaev family.

John Kerry, Chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee didn't warn Boston.
Putin's laughing at the #Republicans right now, it's a huge joke outside of the USA go ahead make fools of #GOP
Those who don't speak up against Trump’s Israel tweets abet a madman in ruining US reputation around the globe.
They better hurry up. When Jan. 20 gets here there will be a mandate from the top stopping this action.
How will trump feel about that?
@ericgarland thank you.
As that great wit and raconteur #SpongeBobSquarePants says, #GoodLuckWithThat!
Thank you Senator for working to protect American democracy.
Keep fighting the good fight.
don't mind the Russian trolls. U have support.
@sarahkendzior wow, do you really think Trump will allow this?
God bless you, Sen. Graham.
Good job, Senator. Ignore the bots, trolls, and MAGAtts who wouldn't know a fact if it smacked 'em in the melon with a 2x4.
Every believer in democracy should support this.
How about you do something productive Graham. Find out what that crook is hiding on those tax returns
he will never feel individual sanctions in that 60 billion dollar bank account.
youhave no right to issue sanctions on the President of a Nation - moron
@sarahkendzior wtf good will that do when Trump will just roll them back in 3 weeks??
@johnmccain2016 Appreciate your unwavering support on this serious matter. Wishing you a safe, prosperous New Year.
Please let him know this is unacceptable and punishable
Where is the proof? You people keep blaming the Russians but have not provided any proof.
@sarahkendzior About time you started doing something for thr people and not the party.
If it's hitting Putin hard, Trump will be be pissed. his family got $$ invested in Russia Oligarchy.
@ericgarland Sen. Graham, does "hit Putin hard" mean you will roll the sanctions up and literally beat hm with it? ...plz.
No he means to start WW3 to #stopTrump.
@sarahkendzior good to see at least a few republicans left with some integrity and care for our country
"...which is why we can't have them...
Did I do good for @KremlinRussia_E, @realDonaldTrump? Did I? Die I?"
@sarahkendzior
@sarahkendzior sign that #apocalypse is soon upon us: #Dictator elected Prez and I'm suddenly a #LindseyGraham supporter 
@sarahkendzior 
Wrap him in bubble wrap. There are precious few honest politicians left.
@sarahkendzior thank you LG. American people do not need to know the evidence for there to be evidence in your hands
No they wont unfortunately. Trump is his puppet.
@sarahkendzior but you feel it is okay to allow a Russian spy to become President as long as he is a Republican, Senator?
Will you also sanction the man that Putin helped get elected?
@LindseyGrahamSC @sarahkendzior
Freeze the tens of billions in non-Russian banks Putin extorted for himself. Freeze Yeltsin's rake too. That'll work.
Lindsey, you're the only brave political taking this on. I say, thank you.
Why?  Don't tell me it's their "hacking". You know we listen in on them. The emails were real. SAVE Israel!
thank you senator.  Now if you can just Trump you have accomplished a lot
meant to say  if you can convince Trump
@summerbrennan waiting.....and how about your Party's POTUS
U've lost ur mind! Id believe Julian than the lying Dems trying 2 find scapegoat 4 failed candidate who is corrupt as hell.
At least Russia gave us the truth which is more that's u political hacks have ever given us. Try doing something for us!
how about u send him his new bff That is cruel and inhuman treatment for sure!!
where is the evidence?
make sure our astronauts are back on earth before sanctions !
where's the evidence?  Not going to believe it till I see it.
to Lindsay the enemy is everywhere. still fighting the Cold War, the Iraq war, Syrian War, Yemen war, Ukraine war, Etc.
@summerbrennan I sure hope so. I will believe it when I see it.
Y DIDN'T YOU DO SOMETHING WHEN OBAMA SPEND MILLIONS OF OUR MONEY TO DISRUPT ISRAEL'S ELECTIONS?
B/C U DID ZERO ITS CARMA!
If Trump doesn't perform for Putin I think we can expect damaging leaks about Trump to appear from Wikileaks.
@LindseyGrahamSC @Patrickesque
When will the citizens of South Carolina recall their yahoo?
@tempteststorm2 I disagree with what you are proposing. Starting a cold war solves nothing. We need a reset with Russia.
@summerbrennan Who knew it would be the gentleman from SC with the biggest GOP balls in the Senate.
@Patrickesque damn, the right wing is filled w/ Russia-loving Traitors.

traitor?
We didn't fight for WH win so we could punish Russia. Get with program: tax cuts, repeal Obamacare, build wall, VA.
why are u still even around. Ur looking for publicity. Tired of u and mcCain. What proof do u have? Show us U are the swamp
we have no right to see the evidence available to Congress…
@CahnEmily From your lips to tRumps ears
Now place some Sanctions on Trump!
please call for an independent bipartisan investigation into Russian attack on US sovereignty. this transcends partisanship
can this be done without @realDonaldTrump ? because there's no way he goes along
how can you support Rex Tillerson? Obvious conflict of interest
@JoelCRosenberg Lindsey where were you when Obama meddled in the Isreali elections?
was with Mr Whipple squeezing the Charmin
Thank you! Your country needs this!
@SenJohnMcCain We need a special prosecutor for Russian hacking.  Pls don't stop fighting for this.  Thank you!
Thank you for not giving up on this. DJT needs to be checked at the door. His love affair with Putin is scary!!
Hold them accountable!! You are one of the few WE can still count on. #StopRussia #investigateMcConnell
#Russians don't like sanctions. Putin may have to listen.
