To be clear, I am sick & tired of America playing politics with the Middle East, there should be NO special treatment here
Please protect all, not just some people: https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2016/12/23/evangelicals-side-with-israel-thats-hurting-palestinian-christians/?utm_term=.69721cffea4a …
Looks like Chuck Hagel was right after-all. #hypocrisy

The US has been saying no to illegal settlements for 5 decades and Israel has building illegal settlements for 5 decades.
@edrormba your statement is shameful
The settlements are illegal. Support for Israel shouldn't mean letting them break international law.
@b_ofrights Focus on this you phoney and fraud!
please stand strong for isreal
the Palestinian people are not I repeat  NOT  evil  peace to Israel. Peace to Palestine. Merry Christmas

The settlements are illegal and immoral . The UN did the right thing. The world is getting smarter #Justice
Talk is cheap. Back it up.
Must obey your masters, AIPAC. Stealing land, demolishing palastinian homes is ok with the repulsive party.UN is spot on.
thank you Senator for your unwavering support of Israel.  Merry Christmas!
regardless of occupation, theft of their land , murder of their children by air land and sea, the pals are the bad guys?
why do you support illegal land theft of Palestinian land? It further reduces any hope of peace.
you mean read fake history by racists?
if you think the Palestinians are fake, you're a racist and your knowledge of history is fundamentally flawed
what makes me an anti Semite, doofus?
@JeffreySilver99 Right on!
Thank You Lindsey Graham
Are you a American or a dual citizen who places Israel first?   Shame on you
try to building illegal settlements in Canada for 5 decades. Let's see how the Canadians will react
Y r we funding Jews? Israel can fend 4 itself. U been in DC 4 way 2 long. Let the JEWS protect themselves.
we all know that you want Palestinians to be http://exterminated.You  are a disgrace as a human being let alone American
Obama scandalized by Trump. Payback for snub of when you invited Netnyahoo invited to speak to congress.
This is the right thing to do. Please focus in the big threat to peace. Putin taking over our government.
Grow up. Putin is not taking over our government. We are aligning to take on terrorism.
Conflation?
if you actually think more settlements make a lasting peace likely, I have a bridge to sell you.
Is the Bible Anti-Semitic too? I am referring to Revelation 2:9 and Revelation 3:9.
Well said Senator, and as Sec. Kerry used to say,"Don't let the door hit you on the way out."
Really? 
You're btween rock & hard place, U still have choice, do nothing. Respectfully, that's a page from GOP playbook.
Thank you! 
Focus on building the wall Lindsey. Let's worry about America for once. America needs some 'me time' #AmericaFirst.
I'm surprised you an Paul Ryan didn't pen this together being such buds.  Look, people are tired of your trough feeding.
by all means stand by Israel - help it realise it can't be both a democracy and a military government.
Can you imagine if GOPe hacks like @LindseyGrahamSC showed this same kind of passion for America? #AmericaFirst
Wrong.
So you do regard Israel as your little shit-stirring satellite in the middle east?
.@LindseyGrahamSC  You are despicable. Israel has been butchering innocents 4 decades. But of course u don't care abut that! #BDS #Palestine
great criticize Obama while Trump talks nukes through twitter
I love Israel and have spent 3 months there, but the state is far from a true democracy as it discriminates against arabs.
What is your statement on President Elect Trump calling to expand our nuclear powers and win an arms race?
Israel needs more land where women should be allowed to drive and not be stoned to death  where  democracy exists
great !!we use  Israel for technology pharmaceuticals etc we need to help them we don't need more killing training centers
Your incoming president's BFF Russia voted for it. Surely you'll demand he condemn Putin, right?
For once I agree 100% Obama must go.
Sir, he was trying to get reelected in 2011. You and I both knew that he hated Israel then and still does.
Israel has plenty of protections US pays handsomely while Netanyahu stalls defrays from 2-Party State lying of course 6yrs
<---So U believe Palestinians have no rights? Israel need 2 go back 2 original border-period! U #HatefulWarMonger #Humanity
Let them burn...their greed created this problem now they must solve it!They stole their country &now want more
Your statement is misguided & unhelpful. Retribution against the UN and select countries would be misguided & unhelpful.
if you want to make a statement, make it about Whitefish MT
Israel is one country among many that must find a balance with it's neighbors. They can't force their will with US military
Amen
This letter is partisan pandering. The future is in the middle. Rabid partisanship will be tested and broken soon.
Do you finally see that if HRC had won, there would have been no brakes on foolishness like this?
sir,  I expected better from you. Let me down as Ann admirer of you generally clear thinking and judgement.
You fail as per usual. But why not concentrate on the Russian hacking investigation?
Israel is a sovereign nation and member of UN. They have REFUSED to stop expansion. What more are we supposed to do?
This Dem agrees with you, sir. Thank you for your pointing out the  UN's clear cut "anti-semitic, ones sided resolutions
Stomping on Palestinians only fuels radicalization&helps ISIS groups.If U care about ME "fire" stop supporting gas bombs
Obama signed a $38 Billion military aid package for Israel. He has committed us, as a nation, to Israeli security.
your statement says nothing about the settlements!! You cool with them????
Lindsey, you do realize it passed 14-0. Your on the wrong side of logical. BTW Russia vote for. trump may want to re-think.
please, the GOP is the enemy of democracy.
wait. You know Trumps ambassador is a far right pro-Israeli loon right?
can't wait to see the honestly out of the Breitbart fans
Stick to Putin controlling Trump.
But none of that is reason too allow them to seize land that is not their land.
My statement asserts an unwavering support for you as a Senator & tells Israel that it isn't important enough to hurt that.

The settlements are ILLEGAL.
They will never have peace through Settlement Expansion. You know that is a fact. Everyone needs to put on big boy pants!
.@LindseyGrahamSC The world knows those settlements are illegal and the biggest impediment to peace. GOP keep going in circles 4 decades.
Mmmm, no their not.
Yes they are. They are provocations on illegally seized lands. They impede 2-state solution. Complete insanity
campaign finance and donation appeal letter more like it.
