Most American Jews voted for the losing party in both chambers and the Presidency, so tough luck.
Yes only voting just like you is doing right thing, rest of humanity is evil. Maybe seek psychiatric help?
When you claim that only ppl who voted like you "did the right thing", you'll come across as crazy, yes.
Arabs in the Israeli Parliament must be a massive thorn in your side. Hope it hurts
more pro 2 states. Might happen when they decide to negotiate in good faith. UNSC resolutions make make it impossible
2001? 2008? Those offers weren't even responded to. We won't force peace down their throats if they don't want it
where was the counter offer? You do know how a negotiation works, right?
@Ostrov_A I'd like a Senate resolution condemning Obama.
in fact it's not illegal.
fine with me.
Are you Christian? Let me ask you, what if you are wrong about Putin hacking? Wouldn't you become the aggressor in Error?
Are you familiar- with the bible? 1 john 4-6 its talking about the way of "the spirit of error" which brings wrath of error
Its about using the God given Spirit of life in ways of error, in trying to preserve life, by not being wholly in Truth...
that the spirit bares witness of the truth of which we are to discern ways of truth, knowing people are subject to error.
In any event I continue to Pray for you and the People of the World that we all see clearly the way of Blessing of the LORD
Twenty Billion in Debt

 The U.S. cannot afford Israel as a welfare client.
about time.
Palestinian leader schools CNN on matters of state: You should learn too, Senator. http://cnn.it/2hs8XUd 
The U.S. must #UNexit.  We don't need the UN.
You mean the message coming from AIPAC, must obey your masters Lindsey.
That's like asking the bully to stop hitting you until your wounds are healed.  U.S. out of U.N. and U.N. out of the U.S.
Nobody takes "advice" from you, as evidenced by your overall poor showing during the presidential contest.
Don't just condemn him!! #ImpeachTrump! 
For he is in violation of #CFR x100!
you found your Cojones? I'm so proud of you. Now you & McCain gonna stop helping Obama?
World big enough for us all. No one owns land. We are simply caretakers.
Have them  leave NY while you are at it. In its place put a park and name it, hmmm, @netanyahu park
Rubin's idea is stupid, but Shabnam Assadollahi has a good idea:
UN is a bastion of Communists, Marxists, Dictators, Anti-Semites & Anti-Christians
Must be iradicated
Need a real solution
I'm sure the administration will be all ears to hear from the hillbilly caucus.
The problem isnt just the UN. A stone can't be a fish no matter how hungry u r. The problem remains poor US leadership.
you are truly going to wish for real leadership after the disaster you just elected starts unraveling.
You may be right. All we know for sure is the bigger disaster was avoided.
Separate blue tax money from red tax money.
Get the hell out of Palestine,Or give Palestine a 2nd amend. Kushner/@HobbyLobby war crimes iraq&http://jeruselum.Security  clearances are free,Kushner can't even buy one.@FoxNews uses military to steal Syria oil. Inmates,stop prison labor for Corp;don't military serve #neveragain
choose your fights carefully.  This one doesn't have the support you think it does.  US growing weary of settlements.
TY & amen! the @UN (particularly the security council) is a farce of justice whose primary mission is to destroy israel.
On this I agree...but wouldn't it be better to totally WITHDRAW from the UN & work on removing them from our shores?
- re defunding UN - cuz I don't like the way you play so I'm taking my ball home?
Does @LindseyGrahamSC understand increasing Jewish settlements may inflame Palestinians more b/c of addl restrictions imposed on them? #GOP
You ignore international law and the basic human rights of Palestinians.  It's time someone stood up to the Israeli govt
Who are your donors. You were bought off long ago.
Now you're resorting to extortion? We give Isreal A LOT of $. In turn they tell us what to do. Instigators. Not their land.
$30 Billion for the next ten years to Israel
that's such out of the box thinking... Snake! Hadn't heard that before!!
One thing I can agree on with you.
What are your thoughts on him wanting to win a Nuclear arms race and expanding our nuclear power???
We already have a nuclear arms race that Obama started with the Iran Nuclear Deal!!!
how can someone be this stupid ? The IQ of a gnat.
Oh yes, you result to insults to "win" arguments... like your Bully In Chief. Yawn.
Sorry, but you hurled the 1st insult, not me.
I hope these 'conditions' include Netanyahu providing his "proof" to an independent UN agent for review b4 New Years Day.
@bobco729 considering your a manlet... Won't mean nothing.#TermLimits
no sir, you are very wrong on this matter.
Israel just announced it is building more illegal settlements. It is doubling down on Aparthied.
And I was just starting to respect you. Now I know you have no grasp on international relations.
or until their marble tiles are up to snuff.
Hope the UN finally do the honorable thing and expel US from UN.A State which has masterminded the decimation of MEast.
will you hold your breath too?
But how will that sit with Trump's Neo-Nazis KKK White Supremacist supporters hate Obama or hate the Jews...which one
@copper_melina Just get out of Trumps way. You are a loser anyway.
Wether or not you recommend it will make no difference. If it's going to be, it will be. you're just incidental.
WRONG! DEFUND the U.N. INDEFINITELY. We're tired of being taken advantage of & you should be too. Take a stand for the US.
Maybe you should run that past the American people that use their tax money to fund UN, BEFORE playing politics, SICK of it
Not suspend, CUT them off. Any body who has S.A. chairing Human Rights does not warrant U.S. subsidy. #ccot #Pjnet #trump
@tedcruz  Are you sure politicizing #Israel/attacking Obama is best? Mr @netanyahu should know #GOP will be out in 2 -then?
Are you a US Senator and an Israeli special? Maybe you should asked the people who voted for you what they think.
Ooo! BigPUSSYMan! Liar! U& @senJohnMcCain STOP SPREADING #ISIS AllOver TheGlobe4 YOUR GulfArabBosse$! @TEAMTRUMP @CNNI @AP
I am with you on this. Do not back down or let Israel be a scapegoat. It's not right.
People back resolution barring settlement. Do not want funding pulled from UN.Stalemate has to stop and go for peace.
u r going to regret backing chester the molester.
polls show people are against setlmts in Israel .
Your logic is flawed, I say to you sir, Thank the Lord God despite your not supporting him, you're not petitioning Hillary.
since it's taxpayer money u should let the taxpayers decide if you should block UN funding. U do work for us
Good Lord help me.  I'm agreeing on something with Linda Graham.
Thank you, sir!
you obviously don't care about the Palestinians , would be nice for you to at least admit we need stop settlements!
Thank u Senator 4 standing up 4 fair play,4 upholding intern'l obligations& against the UN usurping powers it doesn't have.
Y didn't gop congress stop bho from running amok w/unconstitutional crap? bho should have been arrested/impeached
we voted DJT 4 myriad of reasons but djt got EVEN MOREVOTES when bho sd he would take it as an insult-WE WANT 2 INSULT HIM!
plan is now 2 vote out MORE DEMS in 2018 so DJT &CONGRESS CAN GET WORK DONE-do it-don't screw up or we will vote gop out nx
I will warn U voters R pissed Dems R minority bcuz WE VOTED THEM OUT-if U don't work w/DJT we will then vote gop out
START WORKING W/DJT-get decent laws/bills passed we have voted dems out so U can do this-DON'T SCREW UP help DJT be success
Thank you for standing up for what is right and your resolve to see it made right. #oneforisrael
What are you a Russian Supporter? The UN is in place for a reason. I'm on Israel side not Russia. Better rethink this.
How does building in disputed territory bring about Peace? It only propagates hate, something has to be done now.
It's the same as Russia taking territory from other Countries. There is no difference. Love Israel but are wrong on this
why do you even care? As if #Israel cares about any of the #UN resolutions. Or as if they have any sanction power.
how much $$$ has Israeli lobbyists contributed to you?
You making a big deal out of this let's just wait on Jesus to come back the second time so they can try to kill him again
^  lets invade the UN instead, what good is a disloyal puppet amirite?
The Middleast is now a swamp use to be filled with Al Qaida,now ISIL,we seem incapable of killing our way out of this one.
Are you a member of the Congress of the US or the Israeli knesset? Trump+You = middle east disaster.It's called blowback.
Oh Lindsey! Read your history. It was the UN who gave Israel to Israel. Now Israel has gotten greedy & keeps stealing
Thank you Senator Graham!
It's time to DEFUND YOU, Senator!
So whenever anyone (UN) votes against YOUR wishes you will strong arm them & withhold funds? Is the US the World's BULLY??
Is about time.  The UN (United Nuts) has become a political cow pie.
Lindsey you are mostly talk, get very little done, populist talk, RINO'ish fake conservative, no one believes you.
@jimplank long overdue....
Merry Christmas Everyone
Happy Birthday Jesus

2017 New Year's Resolution
Dissolution of the UN:

U Useless
N Nincompoops
@LindseyGrahamSC
How do you intend to convince Spain, France, UK, Japan, Russia, China and Uruguay who all approved UNSC res?
we don't hold the UN hostage, stop feeding rumors the UN is an arm of the U.S. what if you drive the UN to Europe or Moscow
Thank you Sen. Graham this is the greatest idea I have heard in a very long time! God bless Israel & the USA!
end it forever
bout time you grew a pair , ride the wave Lindsey 
ban Ban the UN expropriate NY property and have done with them. Set the example
@johnnyreb1864 Yes and then reduce the amtbw Game Center.
Trump must be conflicted because Russia voted for the resolution.
You got Trumped & LOST in the POTUS Primary=loser!  STOP the subversive alliances causing division & strife against TRUMP!
The UN is an enclave for terrorists. Defund forever.
You have instantly became my favorite senator in America 
Thank you Lindsey for supporting Israel. We will never forget!!
god bless you and the United Stares of America.
Are you serving the American public or the Israeli public?    Shame shame on ethnic cleansing
Where you been? He said yesterday this wouldn't stand. Trump doesn't need a recommendation from you, omg you're such a joke...
Good. Thank you, Senator.
@ShofarProject I, and many other Americans,  completely agree with and back you in this.
The settlements are and always have been illegal. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israeli_settlement …
thank you Sen Graham! this is only the latest evil from @UN. let the dictators who run it pay for it too. #defundUN
nothing you say has any probative value your a Zionist and in the payroll Israeli fantastics and lobbyist ur mental
@LindsayGrahamSC holding back money from UN for Israel vote is one thing I support you on.
Your reaction is a bit overblown. Suspending funding to the UN would just embolden Russia. I doubt you actually want that.
@SupporterDonald Yes, I fully agree and support this. Besides, it wasn't so long ago that the UN tried to ban free speech.
Thank you! We need strong leaders like you in Congress!
who can forget the US rarely pays the UN fees anyway so this is show time.  GOP called Netanyahu the US President for 7 yrs
Good.
Good. Thank you.
LOL. Lindsey Graham U R an hypocrite. Israel has taken US kindness with no peace settlement with Paltestine for last 50 yrs
can you please recommend suicide to @realDonaldTrump please. maybe u can join him?
The US owes billions to the UN.
Finally a good idea . Did you check with @SenJohnMcCain before you tweeted?
BETTER IDEA; USA SUSPEND FUNDING ZIONAZI ISRAEL $10BN our #WETHEPEOPLE 's tax money. or keep lapping netanyahu's ass
@barbara_starr62 you're already overpaying, at least lower your portion to an equitable level.
TRUMP doesn't give shit about you. Check it out:
For real, or is this just talk? #JustDoItEndFundingForUN #CloseUNDown
@barbara_starr62 My goodness you are being honourable. Did you talk it over with McCain your sidekick.
@FakeNewsHQ YES
defund and then what?
@LindseyGrahamSC A two-state solution does not mean annihilate Palestine. It's a grave & immoral path. Awaken: Mossad was part of 9/11.
so every time the US doesnt agree w UN they can threaten them w money..
jus bc u ppl are sellouts in DC doesnt mean the UN has to be also.
@BigStick2013   I have an idea 'just get them out of the U.S.'! We don't need them telling us what to do!
get over your egocentric views. the UN is for WORLD PEACE isnt that what we should be working towards.
14 other nations including France and the UK (our friends last checked) also supported the resolution.
yup. there are a lot of antisemitic dhimmis out there. but who cares what #Eurabia thinks? it's already doomed.
why? bc the UN is suppose to only support what we want them to, not to support what is RIGHT?
Dear Senator: I am totally opposed to your extreme reaction regarding Israel.Enough of making Palestine "a sandwich" in the words of Sharon.
#ICC4Graham #icc4israel The global community have voted to #BoycottIsrael and officially recognises the #BDS movement 
Well at least we know you are a Republican in this. Defund UN and threaten them with an exit.
Absolutly NOT! It's about time concession are made. They need to stop the land grab now!!! We are not their puppet!
I may start to like Lindsey Graham a little tiny bit again...
@lill_the_swiss What do you intend to do about Trump's disturbing friendship with Putin? Anything?
Where is all your outrage about the skyrocketing #antiSemitism that has come along with #Trump?
So you are an apartheid supporter after all.
Mr. Senator, if US defunds it will reduce USA's influence on the World and in UN. Think again.
..wouldn't take a recommendation for lubricant for my bicycle tires or which hamburger bun I should buy from you..
I think people have had enough of the UN defund them & kick them out They have no right to rule others especially Americans
You have this wrong. No $38bil to israel until they stop violating Intl law
Of course you know sir...you are playing Putin's game. He wants to eradicate the UN. Please reconsider this suggestion.
President Obama deserves credit for the Christmas miracle of uniting GOP and Dems against his anti-Israel agenda at the UN.
Why do we support those who DENY Jesus & DENY it to those who do? Degenerates DENY JESUS
Recommend that US suspend funding to any Islamic government that does not declare ISIS heresy & members apostates.
How about we suspend funding to Israel?
because Lindsey Graham cares more about Israel than human rights, law or freedom.
.@army1man1 @pjamesjp1 @LindseyGrahamSC definitely scale back r $ financial commitment (used against us) & evict, hell pay 4 their new house
Can we defund Israel instead? How much money do we spend on the guilt from rejecting refugee ships during WWII?
good for you
another one more illegal settlement supporter! Nice job dude!
Y r we funding Jews? Israel can fend 4 itself. Ur not doing SC proud siding w/Jews over white US. Dont u know ur own ppl?
You can be pro-#Israel and against the settlements. I don't think US tax payers should pay for illegal settlements.
Israel is our worst "ally". A blight on our global image.
Pull it together Lindsey. People are tired of mindless knee jerk, reactionary neoconservatism.
@zeev_elkin 
אלקין. אולי קודם תתעסק בחוק הבקבוקים ןהאמוניה בחיפה
So you are saying you would be perfectly OK with such actions in the US?
so long as you keep feet to the fire about Russia
Exactly! Why ever give back the funding?
@doublehulk Cutting off 8 Billion dollars a year from the US will get their attention.
USA is the onnly contributor to the UN.
Why would you do that? You support the Jihadis gathered against SECULAR ISRAEL (& innocent secular Syrians)
Maybe we should evict the  anti-Semitic @UN from lower Manhattan as well? – at Chad's House Of Pain
I say get out of UN
NO!! GET OUT OF THE UN!!! It's a useless and corrupt organization that does nothing to advance world peace. GET THE US OUT!
/ You know Israel  doesn't believe in your FAKE JESUS. Kissing their add won't send you to heaven.
One again Obama proves himself To be a thin skinned,petty little man. Antisemitic and Islamist and insecure.
and after Jan. 20, gone forever. Israel always outlasts the evil ppl who try to harm it.
Brilliant.
@GatestoneInst hey, i agree with you.
