can we re-vote?
define landslide. I think it's dictionary time for you. And if you cheat you fail. #endOfStory
no. More like football game>OT. Win by a point on 2point conversion and find out winning QB Tom Brady deflate gated his ball.
you've gotta check the real numbers, sun. And I don't mean fake news stories. Most American voters did NOT Choose trump. #Fact.
illegally and colluding with our enemy...have u gone bipolar today or what
listen to the head of fbi, homeland security, nsa, etc and no am not shutting it troll
lol is classified
we're not supposed to know
No help from you
He did not win the popular vote. Be advised he doesn't reflect the Will of the People.
Correct, tell Trump to investigate the Russians & hacking or this story will dog him for the next 2 plus years
how about this story will haunt him for 4 years to be exact. Unless he is impeached. Fingers crossed
Why would u post this?  won with Russia and their interference, we will never accept this. U & others need 2 investigate
I think the CIA is proving that Dum ass. Why don't u watch real news instead of foxfakenews.
he lost by over 3 millions votes...it's only because of an antiquated, past its time system that he has been selected
He did, with the help of a foreign power, so really, Putin won this #electoralcollegedoyourjob
with the help of a 400 lb Russian guy.
on a bed
what a coincidence, so did Putin
@realDonaldTrump colluded with Russia to steal the election
Thank you for representing decency in the GOP. Pls continue to fight for Americans by confronting DT when necessary.
NO trump had Russia rigged our election in favor of him. Even in grade school you flunk if you cheat!
open your eyes and ears proof is everywhere just read
Election was tainted by Russians
I think you may want to direct your inquiry to the CIA and FBI. We should all agree this is of great concern.
Here's where we differ. You'll believe the Russians instead of our own leaders. I put no trust in the Russians
.@LindseyGrahamSC No thanks to you, <1%'er.
no he didn't. And I hope you all wake up to the fact MILLIONS of Americans find this election illegitimate.

Just when I was beginning to like you.
yes and that's why you need to SHUT UP
lets see who has the bigger balls to standup to him not cower in fear.
Bet that was I hard tweet to type. I sympathize with your thumbs :)
Vladimir Putin won the presidential election.
Trump lost popular vote Electoral vote not done Counting chickens before they hatch? #TrumpLovesPutin
Barry Bonds holds the home run record.
By cheating and hacking by Putin .I see your proud
He lost by 2.8 Million+ Votes and the Electoral College hasn't Voted yet...So,who won again ?
W 37Days After ?s Is NvrMarried @LindseyGrahamSC Bein BLACKMAILD By #KingSalman + #MBZNews About His SEX Preference #TheHill #TeamTRUMP #AP
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=117295985432075&id=100014550223217 …
Joke of the day: I got Trump back for you Senator. I wrote in a guys room "I need something sweet call Don (202)456-1111"
I didn't really do that.
we knew that a month ago.
NO IT WASN’T THE RUSSIANS. THE GOVERNMENT IS LYING.
hope u remember that when confirming Tillerson
If U STEALsomething,is it still YOURS?When my kids were small,if they STOLE something from the store,made them give it back
. @LindseyGrahamSC Lindsey is such a beta male that he typed this while sitting on his knees. #LindseyKneelsBeforeTrump.
chill bro
and trump is now back peddling at complete denial of hack or rather other people are doing it for him. Coward that he is.
"Under pressure".  Someone got to you. Really thought you'd grown some balls. Nope. Sadsky.
thank you for standing firm on Russia.Pls hold steady for the America fearing post-truth PEOTUS &his post-rational troops.
Almost 3 million more people voted for Hillary,even with all the wicked lies,fake news,Russian hacking and Fox News.
@realDonaldTrump Quote "The 70-year-old billionaire now appears increasingly isolated." Guilt will force you to the shadows
Are you sure? Next question should  be --when did Donald know Russians were hacking for him?
Americans will follow this coup for decades to come, just like Nixon, truths will be exposed, people will tumble.
The truth is the electoral college puts Trump into office, but a win? Maybe a coup, a rigged process but all in all a mess
Congratulations on having such a sack of shit as president http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/politics/ct-trump-pennsylvania-rally-20161215-story.html …
Your Governor Haley built consensus to place edu initiatives that should benefit all children in your state. Rich vs smart!
Contrast DeVos' initiatives placed by putting $ in all the right hands with your own state Gov's edu. initiatives.
Sorry, but back to the negative: Edu Secretary choice. Please study the state of education in Mi., especially Detroit.
75k votes missing in Detroit/Flint. 4k NO VOTE for ANYONE in PA JUST MontCO + 4k NO VOTE for any of 5 prez.
This is so weak I can actually hear you vomiting in your own mouth as you type it.
No, Putin won.

He also created the process in which a hateful orange toddler could be rejected by almost 3 MILLION more votes.
he won only the #ElectoralCollege vote, not the popular vote. HRC has 2.7 million more votes & DT is illegitimate tyrant.
#Electors can do their patriotic Constitutional duty, defend our democracy & freedom, vote for HRC Dec19 #FaithlessElectors
You are small and petty for saying unless Tillerson agrees Russia hacked you'll vote no when FBI & others DISAGREE! #GoAway
well aren't you the bright one?  You  of all people know it's too late already. You all have killed us.
we will know come Monday
Deplorable!
with a little help from his comrades
granted but the majority don't support him and to be president of all Americans some consensus building is necessary.
Yes, he even thinks it was a YUGE landslide - just ask him !
He won it by hacking. We must #VoidTheElection or we have to revolt
I'm a progressive but I feel u & McCain are the only ones that can stop the Russians from harming us. Pls be my hero!
A statement of the obvious? Of course he did, thus the sincere concern that permeates the thoughts of many the world over.
Lest you think everything I have to offer is negative, I appreciate and applaud your leadership on the Russia/Putin issue.
And HOW SOON can he be impeached?
48% of America wants to know..
you share the blame for that, you decided to back the worst person in America ahead of HRC; you chose party over country FU
stop reminding me!
2 days ago I applauded your honesty, today you reminded me your a sell out - party before country.
and daily puts this Great Nation to shame. Good Lord man, stop Trump!
If he won presidential elections with help from Putin, America has lost the Cold War. Reagan is spinning in his grave.
And @LindseyGrahamSC prepares 'Dreamers Bill' to block @realDonaldTrump from deporting illegals.
#ImpeachGraham
@Mike_Beacham True statement but good ole Lindsey is part of that swamp that needs to go!  SC governor they like ya!
@Mike_Beacham 
Good Job Lindsey ! 
Nothing Gets By You Does It ?
You don't miss a trick do you?
@Mike_Beacham What do you need Lindsey? Nobody cares what you think anyway. How do you get elected in South Carolina?
you are a waste,as is McCain

Yes he did, if you don't take into consideration the efforts by FBI, Repubs and Kremlin to suppress turnout and spread lies

Really? You don't think Russian hacking had anything to do with that? Not exactly aboveboard, is it?
Senator, how can you say this now?
come on, Senator. The end game here is very scary and you know it. Country before party please.
yeah? You happy about it?

Due to ‘weaponized asymmetrical tranparency’ wielded by a foreign power.
We know! How he won is the question. I guess you're under pressure from your party. Sad. I thought you were different.
And you are in with the Establishment Democrat. Not doing the will of the people of the State South Carolina. Your own.
But Senator Graham, he did so with much suspicion surrounding it as we are becoming aware of. We need a re-vote-say yes!
#GOP wouldn't expect America to "stand by" a Traitor if that Traitor was a Democrat. This is NONSENSE. Putin won election.
With the help of a foreign power #TreasonousTrump #Treason
Putin & his cronies agree. #investigatenow #RussiaHacking
And the electoral college has a Constitutional duty to consider the foreign involvement and DJT's ability to govern.
With a lot of help from his biggest debt holder Putin.
Sure, but here's the thing: If Putin "directly" involved, and Trump campaign knew it, and was in coordination, BIG problem!
Graham is a moron
I wanted u to be the secretary of state
....and Lance Armstrong won the Tour de France.
that doesn't give you a blank check to abrogate your constitutional responsibility to check nominations
correct. And that doesn't change the reality of how it happened. Pls continue 2 put Country over Party.
as someone who grew up GOP...I'm actually begging. This is not the party I voted for most of my life.
No it is not!  So disappointing that Republicans haven't distanced themselves.  Trump has hijacked the GOP.
no shit Dick Tracy.
and u r a traitor by backing down from the PlEdGe you signed to support him. Go away. You are not credible or honorable 
@MaryKatePollard as did Barack Obama in 2012, so how about putting his very qualified nominee on the Supreme Court?
it's true, and with an overwhelming minority! ("minority of voters," not "minority voters, btw) And that w/Russia's help...
he won the electoral college but lost the public by a huge number. He is not our president.
yes.  No how bout a serious investigation into #russianhacking and ensuring PEOTUS doesn't reward Russia for interference
Somehow it just doesn't feel like it...
"won" with the help of #russianhacking and devious, despicable #Crosscheck
with all due respect that doesn't EXCUSE ANY of his bad behavior and choices. please continue to speak the unpopular truth
and? Are you a Stepford Wife now? Programming not yet completed?
Why wasn't this on your twitter page? Scratching head
it is now
he did. Does not mean we can let him ruin the country and harm its people.
AND?  Your point is.....??? Don't keep us in suspense, Mr. Graham. Is somebody holding you down and tickling you?
what kind of crap is this? Is that supposed to be your "moving on" declaration?
you're old
I lost family in WWII, Korea and Vietnam to keep Russia, etc. off of our soil. Stand strong and protect us! Don't give in!
Only technically sir.  An unfortunate technicality. Too bad, Rs had qualified candidates. Yourself included.
I sense a wee hint of incredulity combined with a dollop of resignation in that tweet.
@caitlinmgriffin divorce
But not fair and square. Some upstanding Republicans refused to use Russian hacked intelligence. Trump exploited it.
Not legally and electors will vote him out! He had the help of Putin, foreign help which is just cause for electors.He lost
but he doesn't qualify to be president....be the voice of reason
he's not even a real Republican
So what should US policy be toward Russia? Does a hostile approach work? How about cautious diplomacy?
Per Wikileaks, Podesta emails were leaked by Dem Insider. Why insist they were hacked by Russians.
he "won" nothing. Aided and abetted by Putin (with GOP approval), he is an illegitimate candidate/POTUS.
So much for bipartisanship.
damn you finally said it !
.@LindseyGrahamSC "Hacking" rumor based on anonymity. This diversion created to destroy Trump credibility. MSM responsible so are you. Sadly
you're responsible to save our country from the demagogue trump. At some point you will figure out how dangerous he is.
YOU NEED TO GET GET OVER IT YOU AND ALL THE REST ESTABLISHMENT GOOD FOR NOTHINGS ARE WHY WE VOTED FOR TRUMP NOT RUSSIA.
you are incorrect
Despite your best efforts. @newsobserver
you sure about that. With a little help from his friends, Russia.  That's not American.

Hopefully Trump supporters will vote you out because of your constant undermining of his campaign! You're as bad as Romney
actually Romney looks better to me every day and Senator @LindseyGrahamSC is an honorable man: country first
Yea Ok -
And you'd be fucking livid if Russia helped Clinton win, hypocrite.
I dont think Senator @LindseyGrahamSC has ever been all that happy about Trump
with the help from Moscow and the FBI meddling!  Do something to save our country!  History is watching.

stop reminding me
Yes. Putin changed my vote!  Hahahahaha
are you being held hostage or something?
I don't think Lindsey Graham has been held in a long, long time. #SenatorsNeedHugsToo
I'm betting he had been held by McCain last night.
Is this your way of trying to make it sink in? I've tried it. Won't work.
GOP has no values and no backbone
Election outcome is uncertain bc of the outside forces involved. Polls said HRC until election day outcome. I say do over!
Then stop being the nevertrumper!
with a little help from his "friends"
then vote for the nominees he's putting forth. Stop with the media whoring and do what's right for those who elected u
Supporters know that. Stop listening to the left. Hill had an unsecured server, remember?
Now its your job to check + reign in his ridiculousness. Please, keep America from being gutted and looted by a grifter.
congrats on that , it's like the drunk uncle who gets to say the blessing at xmas.
Not until the 19th, really. Sadly, I doubt 37 electors will have the courage to vote their consciences.
Absolutely, but with small margins in swing states/Russ interference, you can see how Ds feel frustrated/disenfranchised?
you are traitor to the people of South Carolina. Enjoy your spotlights right now. You will not be elected again.
Ever hear that Rolling Stones song "Under My Thumb"???
#sosad #pathetic #traitor #wewillbecome2ndworldnow
With (possibly) a little help from his friends in Russia.
Okay, you've covered yourself. Now go investigate the Russian hacking of our elections.
and we all will suffer as a result.
Facts don't excuse the way we interpret them.
WE LANDED ON THE MOON!  HEY EVERYBODY, WE LANDED ON THE MOON!!!!
Not according to arithmetic. He will NEVER be my fucking president!
illegitimately*
and under his policy you will not be able to lobby for fascist Turkey when you leave gov. Bad enough you do it now.
"with the help of Putin and his network of spies".
Say it. Say the words, for the love of God.
Anything less is collusion.
Where's your proof? Stop believing fake news.


Whoa, what?
And now breaking news with Lindsey Graham.
Ahhh. Gaslighting at its finest.
you just coming to terms with this now?
this is my nightmare. reminders not necessary
wait what
