@mercedesschlapp it's not illegal resettlement when Israel is THE UNCONDITIONAL ABRAHAMIC COVENANT TO THE JEWS!
I wish you'd stop licking Netanyahu's wrinkly sack and consider opportunities shale oil provides in new Middle East.
stop pushing Israel to comply with international law you mean
US long ago should have pushed Israel right out of Occupied Territories! #FreePalestine
Bibi is not a good man and is not honoring borders Maybe stop sending him $$ and see if a 2 state solution works.
I wish you & @SenJohnMcCain would get the other 97 Sen to make McConnell stop covering his backside.
Part2-Jew wrong on this - no more settlements - remove ones there - Pales and Jews respect boundaries for each
.@LindseyGrahamSC push your plan with committee, get rid of Trump & gain nationwide respect & people will never forget you.
I wish you would stop pressuring Trump about amnesty for illegals. He's working for us, not you!
Part 1: love Israel - hate the Muslims-but Jews must accept concept of 2 state - Palestine must accept exist of Israel -
you're wrong on this, sir. The settlements are not only immoral, they harm Israeli interests in the long term.
how is PET Trump going to respond to China mocking his small penis??
Hillary carelessly, recklessly, and criminally mishandled classified information.  Why not go after her instead of Russia?
delusional. A fraud university, fake charity, stiffing contractors, shady for. Gov connects vs. EMAILS?
Is that all you can come up with on Trump? Cannot list all HRC's scandals in one tweet  (requires a book).
fake scandals. Overblown crap. Can't hold a candle to Trump's endless list.
You need to read both sides and stop reading the fake news.  Pathetic...
fake news is not just the news you don't like. Might need a refresher on objectivity!
Go do your homework...  What I know you haven't had time to learn, i.e.  she LIES, Bosnia, Benghazi, etc.
And don't forget all the lies she told about her emails...
@LoveuLynn tell #Israel to stop breaking the law!!!!#IsraeliSettlements
what are YOU doing to stop them?
nuts
Police raided Bibi's house! Stick with US over corrupt foreign powers! You'll wish you had Obama back on 1/21/17!!!!
I wish u would actually stand up to Trump.
Yes, I agree with Tracette. U must stand up to Trump. He's causing so many problems 4 our country & others
I'm sure you'd say the same thing for the Palestinians, right Senator? Who on earth would negotiate against themselves?
Don't u realize Trump has a property in Israel? What does this pix say? Unbelievable.
i believe they have good intentions but see the world as they want it not as it is
Please don't let Russia get away with influencing our election!
For sure
I wish Israel would stop asking us to support them with their illegal settlements.
Myself and millions wish you would stop looking for a reason to go to war with Russia and give Trump same chance Obama had
we wish you would go to McDonalds and find a job you are suited for, and quick, you are a joke.
@mercedesschlapp Lindsey, where were you for the past 8 years? 2018 can't come soon enough. #DrainTheSwamp
@rabois speaking of negotiation who is going to get our $38B of taxpayer funds back?
@rabois Israel negotiates by illlegal settlements and occupation?
worry about our domestic problems please
I wish Israel would act in their own interests and honor their own treaties.
also wish Israel acted in good faith, stop antagonizing neighbors, then playing the victim.
https://www.globalpolicy.org/component/content/article/189-israel-palestine/38357-the-road-map.html … 
Really!!
I wish you would realize Israel should not settle in WB or Gaza
Notice most commenting here are Trump haters, i.e. liberal democrats.  You are such a traitor to the people of S.C.
I wish you would do something constructive, i.e. creating jobs like Trump, instead of blaming Russia for Hillary's loss.

Bibi Netanyahu Makes Trump His Chump http://nyti.ms/2iGD7zv 
I feel certain that Israel is just fine without your " milk toast" response on Barry's pro Muslim policy.
and I wish you would take the blinders off Senator
Russian "hacking" is BS which is why NO PROOF! Arguing such NONSENSE makes USA look WEAK & FOOLISH. Whose side are you on?
thank you.  You get it.
if I'm going to speak up when I disagree, I also should when I share your viewpoint. In this case I certainly do.
@LoveuLynn 
DRAIN THE SWAMP ON ALL 
THIS.
the settlements in the West Bank are impediments to a real peace. Extreme Right wingers wagging the dog must stop.
check the record of the past administration then let me know. Obama and the white house care about Israel more than you.
how do you stand without a spine?
...you are such a swell guy...and a terrific statesman! God Bless America and Ramble on Rose!!!! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=BvlttYEN1dw …
love you senator graham, but the settlements stink.
I wish you'd pay half as much attention to the destruction of American democracy as you do to Israel.
I wish RINO McCain & RINO you would resign & go away ... go away with your buddy Obama.
Just STOP. SICK of the mudslinging. There is a suck man about to be president. Get it together, work to keep the US alive.
so where on the spectrum between allowing Israel to do whatever it wants and asking them to back off a bit should we fall?
You R a Snake!! U and the others has been betraying the American people 4 a long time!U new about Israelopened  @LoveuLynn
USA praud is graham https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=zrqdjSSCNF4 …
personally surprised you're that smart.
The security of the US has been compromised by Russia, and this is what you are worried about?  Trump is unstable.  We are in danger
@mercedesschlapp Stop wishing and do something about this.
.@LindseyGrahamSC 
@SenMajLdr
Pass The PLO Accountability Act - HR 4522 & S 2537 
https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2016/12/how-republicans-can-stop-obamas-jihad-against-israel#sthash.eTXzfqcH.dpuf … …
#DefundUNRWA
#DefundPA
#CCOT
So why did congress push so hard against U.S. for last 8 & now will push harder for HUGE deficits + expenses paid by U.S.?
Lame statement. If you don't support Obama/Kerry UN position, say so - with meaning.
= #ISIS Warlord @KingSalman 's NeverMarried @southernBaptist FAIRY Puppet #LindseyGrahamSC Is 2Much! @cnni #russia @ap #ap
Pick a Fucking Side.
and I wish you and the rest of the Republican Party would stand up to trump
I wish you voted for Hillary... wait you actually did...
Very soon, it will all belong to your party to break and own.
I wish Israel would see Netti's path will lead to catastophic results.
settlements mean no two state solution so what is the alternative plan? Does GOP have a plan? Ignore problem?
Palestine has a right to there own land and nation. I support Israel but it was carved from societies that existed 4 ages
all due respect but this is not celebrity apprentice. Settlements are permanent and it means negotiation is over.
I wish you would tie all the  we send to Israel to them abiding by UN resolutions and living within their own borders
I wish that Congress would pay more attention to doing America's work. Not political fodder.
Issue is too important to comment on in 140 characters. Please don't contribute to the dumbing down of America.
how is it against themselves when it helps them from getting bombed daily??
I came to make a point about illegal Jewish settlements, but I see the likeminded beat me to it! Kudos people!
Keep standing with Israel and a strong America.
You might want to read others thoughts about your tweets, very unpopular feelings since you climbed in bed with Trump, sad!
Dear Sen Graham, I am not understanding why we would want Isreal to continue it's settlement program? Pls explain.
wish h would stop this Russia crap as well. Where is the evidence? Oh yea NEW WORLD ORDER according to ur pal McCain
admire you, but you have a much bigger orange blowfish to fry. What will you do when there's no Obama admin to hide behind?
@mercedesschlapp and we wish you would support President Elect Trump

neglecting the western wall and potentially blocking the jews from it is absolute lunacy and will prevent peace.
just let them get out of office. Kerry is a laughing stock and an enbarrassment
why em I following this idiot?
And while ur at it, investigate @SenMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan. Those 2 rn cahoots & it ain't good.
Wow, only 24 more days for you to obstruct President Obama. You must be SAD.
PLEASE focus on Russia meddling n our elxn & that server to Russia n his home. Make Trump disclose all financial ties.
well I'm glad I missed your interview then
I wish Obama and kerry would just go away quietly
you have to tap your heels 3 times
I thought @LindseyGrahamSC granted wishes...
we have them millions $ and nothing in return but insults for them not resolving settlements
I just don't understand why Obama is doing this now.  I'm a Democrat.  I am also a fan of yours!  Country first! Thank you!
So kewl...to be a part of the original Contiental Congress styled movements for 4,000 SC Lowcountry Native Americans! ROR!
I wish you would stop sucking #israeli penis ask survivors of #ussliberty what #israel capable of ask fam of Rachel corrie
, why ? Let them talk...
Happy new year Senator.     God bless you and give you strength to fight for America
are you still here? Time to go home and keep quiet. You missed your opportunity to be useful.
you don't want to see the end of half century conflict the winner will be the people of Israel.
The way in which you move throughout Capitol Hill with voting...entertains me to be a more responsible Political Scientist!
Do you think that Sen. John Kerry is the next candidate in the RNC...I would hope that he would pick you as his VP...
If wishes were votes...
I wish your party believed in something and didn't throw fits or placate bad behavior when its politically beneficial.
Take strong actions on Russia! Watch yourself because the people have had enough.
maybe Israel should stop stealing land, why should we unconditionally support them?
then let's not give Israel $38B in aid $
to kill muslem in phalastain https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=zrqdjSSCNF4 …
Good point Senator!
They say it's not in Israel's self-interest to be exempt from international law &in defiance of near total global consensus
I hear your point, but isn't a 2 state solution the only path to peace? If they aren't able to acknowledge that, what next?
Luv ya, Lindsey, but have you noticed the population growth rates in countries surrounding Israel? Matter of time.
The UN disagrees with you.
they have to give something in order for a 2 state solution to happen.
they are not they are trying to negotiate a  peace and the key word is negotiate. Both sides need to give some
Trump is right again HACKS !!
What Kerry got wrong in his Israel speech http://washex.am/2iFw8uJ 
Focus on Trump and investigating his tile in the Russian hacking.
FYI they were LEAKS not HACKED which means they came from within the DNC! Get it?
@ReaganBattalion don't you think Israel must trust the USA & tell its prime minister to stop bullying our @POTUS!
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=ds6H5Q7ptzA …
Can you please tell us exactly how the Obama/Kerry policy towards Israel is different from Bush/Rice policy towards Israel?
Yes please do #2003Roadmap
https://www.globalpolicy.org/component/content/article/189-israel-palestine/38357-the-road-map.html …
and I wish you would condemn the notion if putting a Russian spy in the White House! @JoyAnnReid @potus @cnn @all patriots
#CountryBeforeParty we  need patriots but all we have are politicians #GodHelpUsAll
focus on the Russians big guy, dont follow the misdirection. Russian interference should be your only national priority.
You & Trump need 2 decide Are you turning our country over 2 Putin or @netanyahu Because you both are acting like traitors
Your party is getting ready to destroy the US, focus
Or have to defend their existence as a democracy.
I wish you'd shut up about the Russia nonsense until we see some actual proof.
proof
Isn't compromise always a matter of sacrifice?
I care about Israel too, but Israel is screwed if the US turns into an autocratic state. Let's focus on problems at home.

I know right!  How dare Obama and Kerry want peace in the Middle East!
i wish you would give a fuck that Russia interfered with our democracy
How exactly did they interfere? Did they expose the #DNC? Did they expose #Hillary? Whatever info came out was-
So you're in favor of the settlements then?
I wish you would go the way of the dinosaurs turncoat
spare me...
