one thing Trump won't be for sure is a war monger! You and McCain need to retire. There's a reason neither of you are Pres.
If you don't think is going to be a war monger why does he need so many generals in his cabinet?
I'm sorry
Are u aware of current
Events
Say 
Paris, Germany 
Sweden 4
Uh, STARTERS
Now....
Think about
Afghanistan 
Syria 
Egypt 

There's a long list...

War monger?
i can't take someone with a Benghazi 4 ribbon seriously. Sorry hillbilly.
You can't reply because you are willfully ignorant and incapable of meaningful conversation. An ineptocrat. Lol.
"meaningful conversation" with a trump hillbilly? Are we going to discuss pizzagate? 
or the best meth and opioids?
Lindsey Graham is a Globalist & Satanist,ignore anything he says!!!!
your party, and nominee, told Americans to trust Putin over the US president. Party over country
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/812450976670121985 … What do you think?
Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: "In my opinion, it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity."  So true!
this is your fault alone. Trumps election is a result of your party's campaign to degrade US institutional trust
No...#Trump loves him!!!
@FaithRubPol 

Hope is not a course of action.

#TheResistance
if you still have hope, you are misjudging @realDonaldTrump he is just lost, specially on this issue
he already has...it will be up to Congress to redress future pro Russian ills like the proposed Tillerson appointment...NO!
Misjudge?  You are acting as if Donald Trump is a normal president.  INVESTIGATE. The truth is in the tax returns.
Its already happened.
must b terrifying Trump 2know Vlad has some nasty leverage on him.It will come out,it always does.When it does,Alzheimer's
Your'e waiting for Vlad 2 take his hand out of Donald's ass then you'll know 4 sure?Let me help you with that:2 Late
This statement seems naive to me.  Casinos/construction NYC/NJ= corruption, no exceptions.  Check tax returns/Russian ties.
you will never be president. Stop being a sore loser and join the team.
Do you hate Putin because he's mean to the gays?
=WARCRIMINAL Puppet4 #KingSalman #MBZnews #Qatar -#Libya Inviting #PUTIN 2Build NavalBase! #SouthCarolina #AP #CNN #foxnews
no more neocon wars for USA. MAGA means replacing Globalist American Senators. Proof of hack please and no Colin Powell ok?
Mr. Graham!YOUdo http://something.You 're not lame duck.Are we a nation with a moral compass or actually deplorable?
. No...US has no moral compass! All that obstruction. We c/d hv been so much btr & frthr along. GOP did this!
and you couldn't stand up to McConnel. You and the likes are treacherous.
did you spew hate toward GW Bush the same way you attacked Pres Elect Trump ?
I really hope this is not all you have to say about Russia. We are counting on you to represent America, not just the GOP.
WHAT DO YOU THINK 
UR GOING TO MISS HIM !!!!
@FaithRubPol Sen Graham trump is going to misjudge everything. Get him out.
Misjudge him it seems likely he's working for him investigate the connections
You need not worry. Trump knows how to handle himself.
Prominent GOP Senators like yourself should do regular press conferences, since President Trump refuses to....
he just sided with Putin and russias propaganda machine over the CIA. This goes beyond misjudgment!
The "WMDs in Iraq are a slam dunk" CIA?
@EllenMorris1222 he already has. Donald trump doesn't know how to read ppl. He's not as smart as he says he is.
. He's crazy like a fox. The PE taps into a certain US belief system.
Trump / Putin to be this GREAT country's future? Has the GOP gone mad?
We're counting on U Sir, 2 get to the bottom of this-with the same fervor we've seen in recent investigation-#GoldStarDad
People like McCain and Graham - others will be convinced  28/
It will take people of conscience within the GOP to rid us of this new president - they exist 27/
I think of GOP Senator Howard Baker, who was instrumental in forcing Nixon's resignation 21/
Both current and former officeholders 20/
There are GOP senators and representatives who recognize the dangers 19/
What?! He's already done that or haven't you been paying attention?!
. @LindseyGrahamSC @JoelCRosenberg ain't that the truth!
@JoelCRosenberg Like you consistently do with Obama? Trump has more intelligence then you'll ever have LG.. sthu rhino
he is smarter than you!@JoelCRosenberg
Trump will have us in war Do something.
@DYShor Lindsey, a certain IQ level and street level knowledge is needed to understand Putin. Trump gets him, surprisingly.
Putin has his hand so far up Cheeto Benito's ass that we can see his fingertips waving when Cheeto speaks. he cant misjudge

Putin puts up billboard in Danilovgrad Russia in support of Trump.. This is not good
Too late, they are corrupt friends
Obama has turned a blind eye to Russia. Sold them 20% of US uranium, drew lines so they could cross & ignored.Real strength
Put #CountryOverParty & ensure that he doesn't get elected. Reject Trump votes on Jan 6 on grounds of foreign interference.
You have been a great disappointment to SC.I am ashamed to say you are from our state.Pride cometh before a fall.
Hope? He already has done so. Not only, "he's not so bad", now it's, "he didn't hack"  and that the CIA is making it up.
It's you & your old side kick that ACT completely in the dark! Your name in wikileaks? Found McCain, already. Keep it up.
We need Congress to stand up to Russia, do a full, TRANSPARENT investigation of its incursion/meddling, & retaliate.
<-MORON
Countries HACK for Intell
USA Hacks
Russia HACKG is NOT Election Interference

@Wikileaks said was INSIDER SOURCE
- You should be thanking God Donald Trump won. He is why you control Congress too, not Ryan.
Sen Lindsey,with all due respect you are wrong about President Putin.America appears foolish stating,hackers can affect us!
Your pet shaved Orangutan has NO clues.  And reading the News he has already misjudged him and has jumped into bed with him
Referring to due process and the treasonous NDAA Graham says "Shut up, you don't get a lawyer"
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9ni-nPc6gT4 …
Hold your breathe and wish really really hard.

@DrTomMartinPhD He will be the first President rooting for the Russians.
@Voters4Kasich  yes he will for a Condo lease.
Obviously he already has.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @DrTomMartinPhD The orange buffoon misjudged Putin the moment he said, "He's a good man. I like him. He's a good leader."
@realDonaldTrump will make good win-win deals with Russia, not fearmonger, warmonger like you do.
favored Trump, absent a bi-product beyond fishing? Hmm. Were our boys reading Putin's emails? Sure. They better have been!
PS. Given Putin did not hack our voting machines or put the DNC emails on Wikileaks, exactly how does our intel know Putin
PS. I am retired Navy...for the record! You are out of step and marking time soldier! Pull your head out of your behind!
Really takes the cake. It sounds like some JAG legal defense argument...a loosing one! U sound like a Clinton looser!
Um. I've heard many things, but the idea that cutthroat billionaires or heads of largest oil company in world r naive....
In fact, I would be willing to bet he and Tillerman could all but run circles around Putin in that department....
As for Trump, if there is one thing he does not lack, it is shrewdness and street smarts (as you shpould know of course :)
such cultural and strategic daftness that the diplomats that pushed it need 2 be charged w/ criminal malpractice. ....
attempting a rest? Gee, that was as brilliant as trying to push the EU to take Turkey as a member. All of these things ...
the Ukraine, the heart of Russian civilization for centuries, NOT a former colony, into the EU and NATO while Obama was...
Soviet nations while Bush was attempting a reset? What rocket scientist decoded it was a good think to try and engulf ...
When exactly was it that you had a new idea Captain?  Who decided it was a good thing to build military bases in former...
It takes an even more brilliant person to arm Sunni-Arab rebels believing they will fight Sunni ISIS v/s Assad!...
to allow a political/ military alliance to occur between China/N Korea & Russia/Iran....Real brain power there! ...
I hope he will be smart enough to not listen 2 you...Takes a rocket scientists to...
Hope the GOP Senate takes their heads out of their asses and pays attention to world affairs.
Donnie already has. He's the perfect  patsy, thin skinned and easily maneuvered. The ideal useful idiot.
Still claiming the Russians hacked your e-mail or are you dropping that line of attack because it fizzled?
. Putin just has to give the occasional compliment to Trump to keep him in line. Where have you been?
Trump is stupid & u know it and a Narcisstic racist guilty of many crimes. He is about 2 put us 2 war with China. Scary man
Lets NOT forget:
@twinlet133 hmmm, really? What changed between Monday & today? All of a sudden you have hope?
Now your no better than a democrat.  Try being a team, that would maybe HELP. Too bad such a divider
I trust PUTIN way more than I trust anyone in this admin. I can't wait for Trump to take over. #Putin #Russia
but the non sheep know Russia didn't do anything with regards to the election. All lies and propaganda. Grow up.
lolololol
Need to do more than hope. Need to own GOP role in Trump fiasco.
@mykpy It's obvious he has already.
Hope, is not a plan, sir. You & the @SenateGOP have an obligation to the country not to act as lapdogs. @james_mclamb
hope this is your last year we have to hear your opinion
@Trumpnado2016 The best thing president Obama said today? "Ronald Reagan would be rolling over in his grave" #truth
You know what they say. Hope for the best, plan for the worst.
Trolling Lindsey Graham's Twitter in order to insult him? Pitiful.
You mean like Reagan and the Bushs did?
Hell even #ZombieReagan wasn't this stupid
Who's paying for PEOTUS Transition Team trips to Russia? Taxpayer's.
Trump will get short term gains He/Putin know it Then the clash not of Titans but of fools begins #PutinsPlan #TrumpsFools
Please lead on this, Senator. Many of us are counting on you!
PEOTUS made it clear,he doesn't Trust CIA.He admires, idolizes Leader of Russia.
The only way for that to happen is for him not to become President.
I hope you get screwed more often and leave us alone
Amen!
That is pretty much a done deal already isn't it? Many voters I know already feel betrayed & in danger.
I can not believe what I am seeing, my son in-law worked for Gordon Smith I almost became a Rep but not now
@Trumpnado2016 I'm afraid he is going to emulate him. He likes dictators. So scary ppl will disappear in the night, scared
@islivingston     Switch parties... then I'll like you.
Nigga, if you vote for Tillerson, you know for sure those sanctions are gone.
I think it's too late for that. @LindseyGrahamSC
he hasn't. He'll BFF with him and do as he's commanded.
how do you live with yourself?
too late he already has
agreed, doesn't look promising though.
I'm sure he won't as long as you keep advising him Lindsey.
You really want a war? Why!
it's going to take repub leadership to ensure this.  No one listens the dems. Thank you for taking a moral stand.
Early indications are that, in return for a deal that suits him, he'll let Putin run amok.
and Obama didn't mis judge Putin. Your GOP Congress tied his hands. You want discuss 30 years of right wing propaganda now?
too late
misjudge?? Hell he is sucking Putins cock.
I hope you will consider stepping down so people who can work together can move this country forward
to late
Put up or shut up! Organize & right this wrong; he's guilty of treason damn near! What are you and your party going to do?
. Can u explain y ur so cncrn'd now? Ur cncrn feels too little 2 late. W/d hv lv'd coop w/POTUS. Maybe we w/d not be here!
u kno good & well #putin is going 2 eat him alive, i certainly hope u guys have a long talk w him about serious ppl .
misjudge? The man is a narcissist who is already selling us out. He never had any judgment to begin with.
@DarciWLTX you'll be worrying about while you sit home after not being re elected.
Haha Lindsey, Putin owns Donald Trump. Even if he believes every word you tell him, he will still be owned by him.
how about you get your Republican base together, and choose country over party. #HypocritialRepublicans
. Too late sir. Too much $ at stake. It is now & has always been a/b 3 things in this cntry - race, pwr, & $$!
too late. He already has by inviting him in to our election.
I'm hoping that Trump doesn't become a dictator like his buddy Putin.  There are signs this is happening.
I think he already has, Senator.
@summerbrennan
@summerbrennan oh see where you going  I bet you've been in touch with the man in the tower, u going to unite the fight
Oh, you needn't worry about this, Sen. Graham. Trump has correctly judged Putin to be U.S.' New Best Friend.
I think that boat sailed a long time ago or have you not heard? Trump=Putin
Agree w/ Todd Cutler. All of Congress had better be ready to fight for us. Party b4 country will ruin us. That's over.
@summerbrennan Mike drop.
Unfortunately, I think he's sized him up just right and will do whatever to keep Pooty Poot happy.
Too late now.
Already has. Putin playing Trump like a fiddle because he knows the clown that trump is-just stroke his ego.
You are in a position to do something about this.
He will "misjudge" him all the way to the bank. Follow the $$, Lindsey!
1/2 Is this how you support Putin? By focussing on what didn't happen instead of how to address current crisis?
2/2 Instead, keep up work on bi-partisan #RussianInterference investigation and stop w/the dividing
@realjohnhoving 
Trump is #Putin'sBitch
DUMBEST thing tweeted in DAYS
He doesn't misjudge Vladimir.  He knows that Vladimir is his sugar daddy!!!
Sen. Graham, @realDonaldTrump is a threat to our republic. Pls. push for further investigation into his ties to Russia.
don't worry sir.  @realDonaldTrump  won't misjudge him.  He will learn from him. Admire him. Follow his lead. #Kleptocracy
Too late. Too bad American voters misjudged Trump.
Trump isn't misjudging Putin. It's plain as day obvious Trump is owned by Putin. Big difference.
Misjudge him?  Trump has already crawled into bed with him.
I hope President-elect @realDonaldTrump won't become the 1st American president to wear footy pyjamas at a Putin sleepover
What if he's the first US President to judge Putin correctly... and like it? That's what the fear.
Poll out today indicate 37% of R's view of Putin is softening.  Trump often praised him while campaigning.
really..where have u been. he is already doing it and not your president yet. #notmypotus
too late don't u think?
You are totally wrong as one of GOP if you support the conspiracy of overturning the election results horrify democracy
He already has Mr. Graham.
(He already has...)
Putin is exactly who Trump aspires to be. A dictator who steals his country blind & kills his enemies. GOP are enablers.
