We're giving Israel 67 billion. They're not he only country in the world. Palestinians are human beings, they deserve to live with dignity.
They enjoy more dignity than anyone living in an Arab country. And virtually all that $ is spent in the US
Well, occupation & indiscriminate murder are also facts.
Yes, Palestinians indiscriminately murder people in Israel regularly. Jews, Christians, Americans etc.
Oh right...Israel never every violates a treaty or cease fire. 
That is correct. Who says otherwise, Hamas?
Oh boy, (I won't invalidate your point on Hamas) happy holidays. I'll pray for you. For all of us.
You too. You didn't answer: have you been to Israel?
why? Why should Israel be allowed to build settlements where they don't own the land?
But, actually they do. @BuddyHuggs @LindseyGrahamSC
if that were the case we wouldn't be arguing about it. That is palestine's land
no.  It is a Jewish land.  Allways has been Allways will be!
international law disagrees sir.
International Law Allways was against Israel.  Un Allways against Israel because the are antisemitic
besides the fact UN essentially created the Jewish state? Wrong try again
how many decisions were against Israel this year, do you know? How many again Syria? Go and learn
Because threatening to defund the UN, given the current state of things, seems like a good idea right now?
What's the UN done right lately? Examples, please?
UN is obviously flawed but still does plenty of good around the world. Solution is not to tear it down.
one example: thru UNRWA UN tragically mistreated Palestinians; funding, encouraging, perpetuating victimhood
It also helps feed millions of starving people, advances women's rights, etc. Didn't say it is perfect.
Not in the Middle East they don't. Human rights abuses ignored in favor of anti Semitic farce. Ask Ban Ko Moon.
Trump just tweeted love letters to Putin.  Are you not concerned about that?
why penalize UN for action of members on vote? Go after each. Nutty.
How's that bipartisan committee to investigate Russian hacking coming along, Lindsey?
Israel is the only country in the Middle East with women's equal rights and #LGBT rights.
@DrCrane72 @LindseyGrahamSC
People who Obama has treated with more respect than Netanyahu:
Fidel Castro
Iranian Mullahs
Putin
Anti Semitism has found a new home in modern day Democrat Party of Keith Ellison.  Harry Truman would be horrified!
>A statement like that can get you an special invitation to #TheHague for supporting #WarCrimes > #BDS #NoDAPL
Thank you
@therealroseanne  Lindsey to little too late, only hope is to get rid of UN. I am sure our President will move on it day1.
Please use sound wisdom. Please sir. The world can go mad with no repercussion. How could that help us...the world?
Stop threatening our U.N.!  The settlements are a violation of International Law and are a threat to peace.
Abolish them.   They have zero value to us or our true allies.
Why don't you really do something and resign so someone can get something done!!
you aren't thinking about the effect this will have on the fight against ISIS.  Be wise and reconsider this threat.
Great illustration of the GOP and Trump. The GOP is stubbornly clinging to the dark side.
What is "ill conceived " about standing up for international law AND the Geneva Convention?
Do you think the @UN knows anything about human rights? Their council is chaired by Saudi Arabia!
@thomas_beggan @LindseyGrahamSC
but it is sadly impotent when the need arises to enforce it's own laws
The @UN is highly effective at hating Jews.
@thomas_beggan @LindseyGrahamSC
are you denying the expulsion of Palestinians from their lands in 1948 and the destruction of 100s if villages?
Just quoting history
Great work
Better yet move the UN out of the US. You cannot fight global injustice from a NYC skyscraper. Somalia would be perfect.
Syria or Libya would be equally as good
Nobody can explain to me why rest of world is wrong and Republicans are right.
Shouldn't be paying more than every other country anyway. We should get the hell out and tell them move their hq to Europe
- no suspend assistance to UN Now it's easy ! They are against peace. !
@cmrose999 So @LindseyGrahamSC it looks like Mr. Trump was spotless on again. The @UN is obsolete and we should withdraw.
mr. Graham, you are a U.S. Veteran.  Would you think of America first instead of a foreign nation.  Be a man for once.
@NTarnopolsky go ahead and stop disturbing the peace of humanity!
Thank you! #StandwithIsreal
#DumpUN & it's #MuslimTerrorist Supporters
14-0! better get to work on that bipartisan coalition to punish the whole world for doing what is right! #FreePalestine
@HeidiL_RN how about we just #leaveTheUN make them pay their parking tix and back rent and send them to hell or Mideast
you would get down on all fours to suck netanyahu's dick if you could, senator.
and please keep DT away from the nukes!  Thank you for standing up to him.
What is ill-conceived about the resolution, which condemns settlement building AND acts of terrorism against Israel?
Please defund the UN!
blackmail won't work! public money isn't to be used to fund or support Occupation &illegal settlement! #FreePalestine
you should be ashamed of yourself
Aren't you the tough guy!
Respectfully sir, please walk through the resolution and explain why you oppose it. I just read it. What is so egregious?
@therealroseanne  wait but Trump said something about UN and everyone was up in arms. I dont know much abt politics
there's a need for a UN reform ASAP.
And burn the UN building to the groiund
reduce billions of taxpayer aid to a 1st world country like israel and give americans healthcare instead. #UNSC
@therealroseanne why did it get there anyway
@therealroseanne  Here's a pic of Jerusalem that says it all..
Screw the UN & Obama!
all 3 major religions have historic attachment to Jerusalem.. so ur point is ridiculous makes no sense
you're wrong. The Jewish people have been in Israel thousand of to years before Muhammad was even born
yes, no argument here, I agree about Jewish ppl living in the M.E., BUT they were ARAB Jews, who were living in Palestine
These European Jews roots go way back to Israel/Palestine, so they're only coming back home.
there is no evidence to suggest that- furthermore if we're going back 3000 years, Arab Jews were still living there
too late buddy
@therealroseanne just do it now!
@therealroseanne do it please. do it now.
@NorthWestFOI Well done. It's insane that while thousands are murdered by tyrants the #UN and #Potus castigate an ally
Israel murders plenty of Palestinians. They have no business being an ally of the US under the current situation.
@AmberGirl3 a bipartisan commission?!? Not that! Anything but that!!!

#milquetoast
I thought the president was Trump and he is the one who lay the action plan for what will happen outside America.
Finally something important! And I'm Italian by the way. So I've criticized you but now I commend you.
We know who you work for too, @LindseyGrahamSC. #sayanim
Does the president elect Trump has something to say or he just do what you tell him.
Stop this nonsense. Zionists like myself are in favor of 2 state soln.   you must be against the notion of a Jewish State
#DefundTheUN
lunatic
@deppenwebber please do that , can you close UN too
#Apartheid
Bulldoze it into the East River.
@ReaganBattalion how about kicking the UN out!
We shouldn't belong to such a horrible organization. Period.
Ah...finally an area where you rightfully agree with our PEOTUS.  About freakin time!! #TrumpTrain #tcot
can u force them to pay parking tickets?  I would start there
You need to close their doors.
perhaps should focus on Trump's nuke threats.
freedom of religion and women Will be allowed to drive couple of miles further with out being killed for driving
that means more space to create technology jobs  equal opportunity ,
Toda! Thank you. we appreciate our friends in the US.
#  support our supporters @LindseyGrahamSC@LindseyGrahamSC #  support our supporters
thank you, your leadership on this is appreciated.
