wrong for sure. No strong Putin without GOP who decided day 1 to make Obama fail.
was is it republicans who caused obamas inaction in syria?
Was it republicans who pushed the iran deal?
Are republicans responsible for inaction in ukraine?
the republican congress under Obama did absolutely nothing but complain.
Up until the 21st of July this year, the GOP platform supported arming Ukraine.
Then why didn't they? Why would they not want to start WWIII?  @IDontNeedNoEdu @HornintheOzarks @LindseyGrahamSC
It sounds like you want to be tough on russia until you actually have to be tough on Russia.
Just wait til #ComradeTrump takes charge!
Bend over and kiss it goodbye.. Congress must act SOON. @CNN @FNC
ha ha ha. Going to save this for his trolls. We were right all along. #resist
And by 'weak Obama', surely you mean an 'Obama hobbled by the worst Congress in history'?

The problem with that is the assumption every one of those would be "good". Largely based on political bias  @ChrisSobolowski
It's not an assumption when it's done purposely, no matter what it is. 
#GOP #Obstruction #POTUS
Since your against obstruction your probably are mad about bills being left on Reids desk too, right?
Idk, maybe I would be, but your misuse of "you're" is too distracting
So clever. You caught a grammatical error on a social media site frequently utilized on cell phones. You sure showed me.
My phone spells it correctly, because I spell it correctly. I have legitimite typos & autocorrect incidents myself. "you're" isn't
and there would be no Trump without bullies like @GOP

You know perfectly well that #GOP plans to #obstruct anything #POTUS tried to do to help #USA caused this #swamp
this sounds very clever, but what would a "strong Obama" have done differently, that had public/congressional support?
There would be no racist or odious Trump without a weak & obsequious GOP @blackrepublican

@WITHDRAWN2 WHAT YOU SAY IS TRUE"
THAT'S WHY WE NEED A STRONG (TRUMP TO FIX IT)
Russia has Always, always been a threat to the United States of America it's not like it just started.
you need to resign along with mccain. U two pushed to arm Syrian "moderates". If you did nothing thousands would be alive

Is this productive?  Obama didn't cause this...Putin recognized a "useful idiot" in Trump.  You know this.  SPEAK THE TRUTH
No...it's because of a CRAP Congress!!! #DoNothing
#CleanOutCongress
Which has nothing to do with Trump & cabinet embracing Putin. @LindseyGrahamSC @louiswu5
There would be no strong Putin without a weak Obama.
Get a grip this is a Republican statement.  Just when I thought you made sense.  Smh
@DorvalTony I believe this to be true.
I have to say he should have been tougher. But then I've always been a little on the hawkish side. Even though I'm a Dem.
stop the name calling and get to work! Investigate Trump/Bannon/Manafort/Putin $ follow the cash! Not rocket science
You are SICK to even say this! What a fraud you are.
Putin is a GRIFTER. How can 2 walk together lest they agree? He & Trump are mirror partners. Can't you see that?
Coming from the party whose been holding America hostage for the past 6 yrs. Obama's not weak, congress is.  Shameful u r.
wrong wrong. There would be a better us without people like you.
thats unfair. diplomacy is always better than war.
really pissed me off that you stoop to comments like these
you ALL get to wear this stuff...every stinkin one of you
If Obama was so weak, and Hillary planned to continue his policies why did #Putin influence the election DUH
Please don't do this.
too late, he already opened his racist, hateful trap.
And @LindseyGrahamSC fell right into Putin's... who wants nothing more than to breed dissent among us.
right, it's insanity. If everything was flipped, they'd raging the hell out, now they're kissing Putin ass.
more reflective of a weak Congress who holds all the real power
But there will be no end to this strong Putin without a strong, anti-Putin, GOP. Make sure the investigation goes ahead.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/fbi-backs-cia-view-that-russia-intervened-to-help-trump-win-election/2016/12/16/05b42c0e-c3bf-11e6-9a51-cd56ea1c2bb7_story.html?utm_term=.c71fa8d5c17e … Every Intel Agency on Board, Trump Gloating and Obama wanting to Retaliate. Who's weak? You and DT
Maybe angry old white guys should think before they tweet.


.@LindseyGrahamSC
Shrub: "I looked the man in the eye. I found him to be very straightforward and trustworthy."

Where's the picnic basket and the wine?  Cripes...
I agree, but can you save our way of life, freedom from foreign influences?
Remember Sir-in 2008 we were losing soldiers 1.5 a day-now only 24 in 24 months- Without your help or advice to POTUS #GSD
Finally!! Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC ! This was the biggest part of the "transformation". Putin was given "carte blance"!
Some people never tire of Americans being sent home in bodybags. #Syria #Iraq
there's no strong Putin until @realDonaldTrump gives him that. Which he certainly intends to do
@JoelCRosenberg and there would be no swamp without Graham and McCain
and the RINO'S that supported BOzo
No, you're wrong. Not that simple, and you know it. But you go try to save your career, Senator. Take the coward's path.
@DYShor And there would be no weak Obama without a disgusting, treasonous Republican Congress blocking him from day 1.
He brought this economy out of the dumpster. Shame on you
And you helped to make him weak (eg lame duck).
I like you, please be nice. United we stand, divided we fall.
#StrawMan argument, @LindseyGrahamSC
There would be no strong Putin without a weak Obama.
Mr. Graham, you astound me.Does Pres Obama or the USA have veto power over Russia?Putin didnt ask permission.
And an equally weak Senate and House...oh wait, aren't you one of our faux "courageous" RINO Senators?
GOP really has no room to talk on being tough with Putin, he's y'alls new best friend now. #traitors
wow. Ms. Lindsey Graham finally gets it. You still suck though.
Post Hoc......Yada,Yada,Yada
Wow, you just lost whatever respect I had for you. Republicans apparently are empty without your hate for Obama & Dems.
You just have to get 1 more dig in don't you? Can u zip it & for once block some cabinet picks so we all survive this mess?
Are you kidding? You'll actually put down the American President in praise of a foreign leader just because he's Democrat?
You're delusional.  GOP, and your PEOTUS,  considers Putin to be a role model.
there would have been a string Putin min matter what.  He plays by different rules and morals.  Sanctions are working
so what? The question is, what are you going to do about Trump's worship of a a dictator who wants to destroy the USA?
There would have been a strong Obama, if he wasn't thwarted by an oppositional Congress at every turn.
I beg to disagree!  Wrong!
ask yourself why Trump ran as a Republican.  Compassionate conservatism is dead, it's been replaced with crazy. GOP left me
I think @LindseyGrahamSC & @AriFleischer missed @BarackObama point about partisan politics undermining our country more than foreign hacks.
explain how this is true.  Nice sound bite.  Back it up with facts.
Says an Olympic Gold Medallist Squish
well the question for the future is how strong will he be because of the new POTUS and Congress?
@ValuesRevolt well what if he is strong on him. When Putin comes in err. I mean trump. He will say A OK. It's hard to say
There wouldn't have been a weak Obama if not for an obstructionist do nothing GOP controlled congress.
Thank you! Now, I'll stop calling you Tippy Turtle!
Putin doesn't seem very afraid of Trump either.
@AriFleischer exactly
Yes. Unless, Russia acts in its perceived self interest, no matter who's president and Obama recognizes that.
then let's investigate Obama. He's the hack
-or an even stronger Putin with a chummy Trump.
Or feckless Senators who bowed to him at every opportunity.
@AriFleischer  can't wait till you are gone can't stand your hatred or is it jealousy you and mccain
And Trump has shown SUCH a willingness to be tough on Putin.
Russia owns Trump. You should be talking to electors about voting for Putin's nightmare instead of #PutinsPresident
there is no looking back only forward
@AriFleischer look in the mirror, Fiddle-DeeDee – – That's an example of weakness.
@AriFleischer  you are so wrong
@AriFleischer Please. Would President Romney have sent the Marines to Crimea? No.
@AriFleischer . there would have been no ISIS without a weak OBAMA.
@AriFleischer best tweet ever Lindsey
@AriFleischer Blame fixes nothing. Neither will Trump. Which candidate DID putin fear? Oh yeah. The one helped defeat.
Or there'd be a stronger putin without Obama. There's no way to know. You guys loving Trumps buddy Putin?
@PatrickRuffini America would be stronger if GOP weren't reflexively obstructionist
Putin didn't surface 8 years ago
Elaborate?
Putin isn't strong. He's a bully with the power of an authoritarian state behind him.
.@LindseyGrahamSC wrong. Putin strength from high oil prices from Iraq war & conflicts starting last decade emboldened by Georgia conflict
"There would be no America without a strong Putin!"-RoisinRzeznik
funny how Obama is all of a sudden Mr. Tuff-Guy to Putin..... with 5 weeks left on the job
@ScoutJemma by this logic Putin should have never become leader of Russia. His strength comes from his ppl.
don't act like you and Obama are on different teams in this. You are equally at fault and a coward for proposing otherwise
Just when I had a touch of respect for you for Pushing for investigation into Russian involvement...#GOPBlowsItAgain
Categorical bullshit! I know GOP has had a hard on for long time for tough-guy rhetoric but diplomacy doesn't work that way
What, Georgia? Who said he had "peered into Putin's soul"?

You honestly think the US should've gone to war over Crimea?
well said
@harlanjanet look for Trump to weaken Russia's sanctions 
how true
And now we're back to blaming Obama. I knew agreeing with GOPers wouldn't last long.
Keep blaming Obama and keep avoiding look in the mirror. Continue to be a bloated fat cat that let the country down.
there is no strong Putin. Russia is a failing nation. Obama was weak, but Putin just talks tough
Now we know all that talk about holding Russia accountable was just talk and you will never stand up Trump.
I guess you think you are big & bad because you alone with other Republicans obstructed the 1st black President. U #Coward
*This* is why Putin is ascendant. Republicans kneecap an American POTUS only because he's not a Republican. Traitors all.
Easily said, almost impossibly done, Linda.
There would be no strong Putin without a weak & complicit Republican Congress~!
omg..that is such bullshit..it was a weak Congress who would not back anythng from Obama..Trump is your leader. dilusional.
I had considered voting for you comments like that cause me to think your not qualified - @JRubinBlogger
Praising Putin at the expense of @POTUS BO.Obviously Putin is threatened by @HillaryClinton & sees Trump&GOP as #PutinPutty
not true. GWB looked into his eyes, remember?
Again with the #GrandOldPartyBeforeCountry @LindseyGrahamSC.
This is a crisis, and you are still putting Party before Country @LindseyGrahamSC
You helped do this, @LindseyGrahamSC. This is not the way to redeem yourself.
And who was it, pray tell, who spent the last 8 years undermining Obama, and the country, for partisan advantage? @LindseyGrahamSC
We have fools for leaders. Clowns in the clown car
It was republican party who decided not to work with Obama. You were" the party of obstruction". A bunch of damn hypocrites
Let's wait and see if your GOP boy Trump (already on Putin's pocket) will get the better of Ras'Putin
Nothing stopped u from reaching across the aisle. when gop votes against their own bills & proposals ... pls,its not on him
Politics is not a zero sum game.
Sometimes I kinda like you, but then you say stupid crap like this.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Your sentence structure sucks, you fly-vomit stain.
Bill Neely @BillNeelyNBC  
The 47 orphans in #Aleppo reported safe by carers yesterday did NOT escape- driven b
Obama's weak? Osama Bin Laden is dead because of Obama.  Donald Trump will do nothing but cower in the face of Putin.
you guys spent 8 years blocking Obama  that makes the GOP week and Petty.
the GOP is the party of win at all costs. U put a loose cannon immature Misfit in the White House good luck controlling him
Trump is so thin-skinned he might get angry enough if confronted by Putin to use the codes.
...despite all the GOP's efforts to strengthen our president's hand, huh? smh. Your team now celebrates capitulation.
Disapointed in you. Partisanship got us into the mess we are in. The PE will destroy the GOP. Move to the middle or retire.
That's the biggest load of crap you've tweeted yet. You blocked EVERYTHING.
are you joking? Do you know who the head of the GOP is now?
Lindsey, I see you have the true Christmas Spirit. You should apologize, well, to everyone. 
 
The only thing you care about is clinging to power, and now we know you're a Putin stooge.
That's bullshit and you know it. Get back to work!
@N_Fatale I agree with you on this one. But the rest of what you say is just stupid.
bullshit...example...http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/04/the-war-against-isis-will-go-undeclared/390618/ …
there would have been no weak Obama without a totally obstructionist GOP! Take responsibility when it is yours!
I wonder what the impact of 50 some odd Republican sponsored Obamacare repeal votes might have had on that weakening thing?
The record is clear that GOP in Congress decided from Day 1 to oppose everything Obama did. Party over country.
Wrong
OMG I cannot believe u said that. No longer Supporting u, Very disappointed in u, U have SOLD out to TRUMP treason
please explain how W was strong on Putin. He looked into Putin's soul & got played. Trump's gonna be his fiddle.
And there would be no "weak" Obama without a GOP Congress dedicated to his failure.
#Putin just got reprieve. @BarackObama had him on the ropes economically. @HillaryClinton would have buried #Putin.
This sort of fixation on something that hasnt been procen is EXACTLY what he wants. Way to go Lindsey!!
#wrong #bullcrap #false #wishfulthinking
#history_will_show_otherwise #drinkthekoolaide
Lol!  This is funny!  What is Trump's excuse? Putting will bend Trump over!  Already has his hand on the trigger!
Obama just can't win with traitor republicans! Thanks for publicly praising "strong Putin" ! We see right through you!
hmmmm. I'm gonna say, bullshit - still give you credit due for standing up for investigation. Youre just wildly wrong now
Not the time. Obama got us out of Bush's credit card wars, caught Bin Laden and turned around the economy.
and no orange monster without republicans blocking every #potus move. So your party is the weak one.  Get to work! Earn ur$
does it make you feel better when you belittle others? What the hell is wrong with all of you on the hill? #shitbag
@JoePerticone By 'strong', I'm guessing you think Putin stealing hundreds of billions of Russian assets is being 'strong'.
they can't handle that trump won so they are using any means to make it look bad like he cheated! 
Imagine if your party had worked with Obama. Imagine where we could be. Republicans have ruined this country.
Bull. YOUR party loves Putin. YOUR party built this. Own it. You're all nuts.
Thanks to GOP pact to not support POTUS for 8 years. #dezinformatsiya
@vjeannek people forget, Putin was basically retired when W was in office and came back once Obama won.
Wrong! Power hungry GOP buried CIA report to elect Putin puppet. Guess GOP tax cuts for the 1% trumps liberty.
GOP heads up theirs arses for 8 years.  Sanctions caused  pain but no bomb manu made $$ sanctions.
Well, that's the end of me briefly thinking you are an honorable man.
must hurt you knowing you will NEVER be President and Obama is a two term President. Must REALLY hurt. LOL
I know you are about 100 years old  and u probably forgot all the GOP members who praised Putin? Remember that moron??
then I guess Putin is not strong!
.@LindseyGrahamSC focus on what is happening now
that's absolutely rediculous sir!  You and your cronies should have governed instead of NOT working with @POTUS
Knock it off. Your party crap is boring. Congress was weak. Have fun cuddling Putin w/Trump. Own it. We are looking at you.
There would be no Putin stooge in WH without weak GOP. Accountability works both ways. 
