It makes itself a bad guy. It would get compete sympathy if not for the settlements.
: Bullshit.  Haters will hate regardless.
Yes, they will. But most aren't said "haters".
: Actually,  most are. Each push is to destroy the Jewish state. That is called hate.
Actually, most aren't. Each push is to make Israel behave better. That is called tough love.
: You are as insane as the traitorous Obama if you believe that. Arabs goal is to destroy Israel. Enough!
You're the one supporting a person allied with a foreign power against his own citizens. That is the definition of a traitor.
:You're a lib media junkie. Such a sad little brainwashed snowflake. Trump allies with allies. USA 1st. Don't like it? Leave.

Anti Semitism has found a home in the modern day  Democrat Party.  Harry Truman is rolling over in his grave.
Hold on a second. They shouldn't be building on land that doesn't belong to them. For too long we've excused bad behavior.
@sportguyshow both have engaged Senator. It's time that both stop provoking. I don't support or denounce the measure. (1/2)
If the Palestinian want peace reel you  peace they must stop using terrorist. They must accept Israel.
But the Palestinians don't want peace. Israel in 2000 and 2006 offer the Palestinian 98% of the land and the Palestinian
can they re-offer that 98%.i think plaestinian will welcome that offer.
: No, they have caused too much damage and there is no trust. Jordan is Palestine anyway.
I agree. You guys should read this article if you have not done so already. http://www.debka.com/article/25856/UNSC-resolution-promotes-Mid-East-war …
Come on! If Israel would pay a bit more than Saudi then they would be head of human rights council and all would be fine...
research 6 day war.  Occupation is a violation of disputed territory & Palestinians have been regulated 2 3rd world  status
Please explain to me why I should care about Israel?
you're turning a blind eye towards the actions of Israel's occupation and its harm on peace.
you have always been a friend to israel thank you for your support
Sen, this is just not true. Defund NATO for Putin or Assad support? Nonsense. Corral thug trump b4 he destroys the world.
That's because they are evil terrorist illegally occupying Palestine and committed war crimes against humanity. #Fact
nuclear powered Israel wants to realize its Judea Samaria plan.The homemade rockets is jst a distraction Israel 2 exploit
Israel under threat my ***. Israel is nuclear powered country backed up by another nuclear powered country (us)
there are tons of land in NEGEV. Why should steal lands for more 50 years? The greater Judea Samaria?
yeah? israel has been building illegal settlements for 5 decades. And when Israel kills, it kills 1400 Palestinians in2wks.
They are trying to decimate a whole people for a centuries old war. And using our $$ to do it. Centuries. Is that right.
why are we so scared of Israel being upset about something and stop saying Palestinian are terrorist.
How bout we let Israel invade your state kick NCs out of their home s & make a New Israel?
Jews r a dirty race, they killed JESUS. ALWAYS WILL B THE BAD GUYS. Whos side u really on?? Forgotten ur roots? MERRY XMAS
We can still be allies and hold them accountable for their own crimes. Terrorists and Palestinian civilians aren't same.
We are the only nation that's blindly supporting Israel, despite the harms they dish out to P. civilians. Why?
While attacks on them are abhorrent, their own actions against civilians cannot be ignored. They aren't the only victims.

i cannot understand why palestine would be upset that israel is literally stealing their land and oppressing them.
What about you  go to Gaza & try living there? Anyways, zionists lose in the end.
Israelis suffer but Palestinians suffer too
not true. They are however arrogant and aggressive and there will never be peace until there's peace in the Midfke East
@BayShoreIsHome Israel has never been considered the good guy in spite of being constantly attacked the Palestinians!
sir, why are they firing rockets at Israel? Honestly, why do they? Answer that one first! STOP BREAKING INTERNATIONAL LAW!
Israeli soldiers admit inhumane terror they commit! 
Burning Conscience: Israeli Soldiers Speak Out
.@LindseyGrahamSC another one for your perusal. Israeli Soldiers Breaking The Silence on the Occupation of Palestine
Maybe thats b/c Israel keeps Paleastians in ghettos and locks stone throwing Paleastian kids up in military prisons?
this mesag for u https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=ds6H5Q7ptzA …
What about their behaviour towards Palestine and it's people. Look at both sides of the argument.
Yes, Mr Graham, spearhead this mission and succeed, and I gurantee you wil be reserect
Not always. Just when warranted.
we should withdraw from the UN. It has strayed too far away from its original mission.
Can you imagine if GOPe hacks like @LindseyGrahamSC showed this same kind of passion for America? #AmericaFirst
Is there a problem with Israel staying in the borders they were given? Why do thet insist on expansion? I really ask?
please fix us!
#Dems despise Israel. How can American #Jews embrace #Dems????
When Israel stop occupying Palestine's land, it will no longer be the bad guy in and out side the UN.
@tasteofaz Tks #SC for this weak Coward y'all sent to the Senate
You don't support your president but you suppprt a foreign leader?
Racist are terrorists too!
So the UN was ok in 1948 when it carved Israel out of Palestine?
if you need a definition of a bad guy...
Hardly surprising, considering the way they treat the Palestinians and all the UN resolutions they ignore.
Calling bullshit. Every muslim country is always the bad guy...according to the GOP and YOUR sociopathic president-elect.
Settlements-Settlements-Settlements
Senator, you are dead wrong on this. It has long been time for Israel to get it's hands slapped. ENOUGH!
Israel/Palestine  been going at it for over 40 years. Learn 2 live w/each other or die. ENOUGH. Tired of my $$ going there
Remove UN from US soil.  No more money to UN.   Protect Israel forever!
They were all out of step but Jim.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_r1x4DzUzxU …
@LinesnCircles Not supporting Israel is unwise, eternally speaking ...
Nothing left to do but DEFUND THIS ANTI-SEMITIC BATTERING RAM against the State of Israel.
Maybe there is a reason for this. Hmmm.
Omg stop crying. We just want them to end their settler colonialism. We still give them BILLIONS IN MILITARY AID
the UN SHOULD BE THROWN OUT OF AMERICA
@twright55 
Congress should act before yu knew that was coming
This is about illegal settlements Netanyahu keeps building with tacit US support. I'm glad our President called time.
@twright55 
Bec yu guys yu didn't put pressure on the administration yu always do that after the fact yu complain 
cheque in the post Lindsey you old bafoon
hey Lindsey, i want to build a house in your backyard. Can i just start building, oh, and god said I can.
@sportguyshow However, for the peace to be brokered, negotiations must include compromise. (2/2)
Israel has accepted the Palestine right to a state. But the Palestinian has never accepted Israel right to existence as a Jewish
state
what arw u saying its palestines land for the beggining and Israël took it over thats what  u retards dont realize
I would argue your religion is making you blind to the plight of Palestinians in Gaza.
@postandcourier not to me.  As a Christian, I pray for Israel
How many innocent Israelis have been killed in the past 16 years?  Compare that to innocent Iraqis and Syrians.  Good grief
Israel savages Gaza any chance they get. They don't need more settlements on stolen land. You need to visit Gaza.
trucks and cars mowing down pedestrians r only terror if the victims are not Jews. Sickening!
we give Israel billions in funding but they never listen to us, so why are we still giving them so much support?
Netanyahu must be stopped from making occupation permanent. Or are u in favor of seizing private lands for settlements?
DJT didn't help by publicly pressuring for the opposite outcome. Likely didn't matter, but it painted Obama into a corner
#DEFUNDTHEUN Walk the walk, don't just talk Senator. Same goes for @SenTedCruz @SenSchumer @SenSanders
@LinesnCircles
every penny that goes to those countries and the UN needs to go to Israel and build and build and build
what part of illegal don't you understand?
.@LindseyGrahamSC Senator, if it weren't 17 other nations condemning this I'd agree, but you are wrong. The Israeli govt has to atone.
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=ds6H5Q7ptzA …
They are building illegal settlements.
oh please...get a grip.
.@LindseyGrahamSC senator, you've had my vocal support for a long time. This is the end. Apartheid is wrong and illegal. Period.
Why don't you & Trump just pull us out if the UN instead of honoring the majority. We don't honor it here.
They are surrounded. Also recalling your #TaylorForceAct. #UNsafe
@LinesnCircles
End the madness. We don't need the UN & their terrorist-sympathizing members
Goliath might have made the same protests to the rocks thwarting his efforts-Israel does not control itself & isn't a State
this must be part of that fake outrage that made you SO victorious in 2016.
Always either or with Republicans.
although true, the same could be said of Palestine where perhaps even more innocents suffer.
thats why this issue is so hard to solve, its literally a mutually terrible humanitarian crisis

