jewish looby supply rout off congress https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=ds6H5Q7ptzA …
That sounds like a threat and extortion.  Is that even legal?  Where is #JasonChaffetz

https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=CUTT1M6RE3c …
Anti Semitism has found a new home in the modern day Democrat Party K. Ellison.  Harry Truman is rolling over in his grave.
Your heroes in Egypt put forth the initiative
Let's remember we are #USA, not #Israel. We use to help all in ME. When we stopped everyone hates us. All for what?
DO IT!   Help DJT move the embassy to Jerusalem!  Double Israel defense assistance funding!  Cut UN and PA funding!
Cleart you like ethnic cleansing of palestinian lands and build for jews-only citys, like a true racist.
USA soldier takes silvy with2 aftar killed him
good thinking.
Ah, you must admire #realDonaldTrump, you start blackmailing everybody too!
many Jews like myself want Israel to be strong but advocate for end of settlement building.  Please support 2 state soln
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=CUTT1M6RE3c …
That statement is blatant bullying, Senator.
just when I thought there was a sane R left after the election. Is it money or religion that has you abandoning reason?
VERY telling threat.Sounds like US aid is just an instrument to make sure foreign nations vote/act in UR+not THEIR interest
congrats this is the only sensible utterance in over a year!!
Sir F**k you and your aid. Keep your fraudulent corrupted  (aid) to your self and let the world have peace.
Effectively you're saying that if anyone disagrees with you, you'll no longer help them. Friends don't work through threats
May I ask why the US is always kissing Israel's arse?
that's every nation in the world....except Canada. #WakeUp
you dont know your Bible graham. I suggest you read it
you are cursed
More useless desperate Yankee threats. Keep them coming - it only shows your weakness.
http://www.mitchellbard.com/articles/reagan.html …
@LindaSuhler 
Also defund the UN!! Do somthing for a change Lindsey ad get this fixed!
Too late. Now follow thru with your statement. Just do it.
@therealroseanne I hope this is not just empty talk as usual. Defund the UN!
@LindaSuhler  the first thing we agree in 2016 
@veganvecoh
14-0! you gonna blackmail everyone!? the jig is up! Israel has to respect intn'l law! #FreePalestine
@porgel yeah,right. We continue to fund these ungrateful, hateful nations. Cut them off! Now!
@LindaSuhler Agreed but you and your RINOs need to go. @realDonaldTrump can help Israel with you. #Israel
@LindaSuhler Lindsay, ur hero president backs it.
Amen
I support you. Please right this wrong.
How about applying some of that passion to keeping @realDonaldTrump from incinerating the world?
The US should not fund any nation that voted for this resolution
good to see you working hard assisting #Israel break int law, steal land & evict Palestinians from their land! Moral man!!
@victorbreaux Move to Israel please.
..it appears the US did ..up until President elect Trump spoke up!
you can't blackmail more ethical countries into support for Israeli Occupation&illegal settlements! #FreePalestine
@TLaucevicius I think #Israel  should not be receiving assistance from the U.S AT ALL. Spend it on vets #UNSecurityCouncil
Aaron, our Gov spends enough on us!! It's the civilians controlling the money & wasting it!
@LindaSuhler Lindsey, you really dont have a say in those decisions - better ask DJT before you have to eat your words.
you're late. We are ready to vote you out of office in SC, #draintheswamp. You stopped representing us.
mr g I have grown to begin to like u I'm a little closed minded right now but it's nice to see that someone has not lost it
Retire Today if not sooner!
@coldkeyes LG u have allowed this administration to run amuck and u  and your cohorts do nothing - u ishare the blame sir
Zionist Filth wanted for war crimes and crimes against humanity. #FreePalestine #BoycottIsrael
@LindaSuhler Lindsey Graham is a twit midgit
is the AIPAC's influence that oppressive? They're holding you from your balls, aren't they?
No Bullshit.....Do It.
- Really?  Is this truly what your constituents wants?  Are you sure?  Merry Christmas.  Let's hope for peace in 2017.
I
we really need to stop catering to any nation that bombs a children's hospital @realDonaldTrump @MedvedevRussiaE
if God gave land to them, why did God take it away for over a thousand years? I think they lost their (Divine) rights
Why is the Israeli govt/military treating Palestinians with dignity and human rights such a foreign concept to the GOP?
$19,945,000,000,000! No one should be receiving our assistance.

this is one thing you used your brains on.
@AdamMilstein wrong.
Our tax dollars should not be used to support the apartheid in Israel.
The resolution doesn't go far enough it should include sanctions.
traitor Husain obama of the Highest since Hitler's. Vs Jews.
The settlements violate all peace agreements and need to be stopped! George W. Bush established that.
The resolution only backs up with international power the agreements The Bushes and Clinton enacted but Israel violates!
Thank you!
Jews must come home so Jesus can return and world come to proper end. Jesus son of being in burning bush. Sorry 'bout that
Israel are human rights violators and they are building these illegal settlements & stealing Palestinian lands w/ OUR $$$ 
The Obama Admin has been the most hostile to Israel in modern history !
Israeli settlements are illegal & they have broken EVERY agreement for decades. FOH with this BS. Cut THEM off, not the UN.
Isn't this an attempt to alter a country's vote w threat of financial punishment? Let UN countries vote their conscience.
Statement like this one make America look so bad.
Thank you, God bless you
And you wonder why the countries are pulling away from US as soon as they have a choice.
Hope you are advising Gov. Haley as she assumes her new position.
Senator, when are you going to comment on Carl Paladino?
so senator. I get your against this, I am as well. what is you position on Israeli settlements? Seems they hold up peace?
American Jews disagree with you and we actually have a dog in this fight.
we all agree that we need more tech equal opportunity  equal opportunity women should be allowed to drive
Thank you. Please end the absurdity of our taxpayer dollars going to the terrorists at the @nadplo
Sell out!
unless of a defense contractor says differently.
Who would have thought? Problem were not refugees, but the @GOP selling out country to Russia. Good job Reps!
