looking at Aleppo today would indicate a bit more than just naivety. Shouldn't will the ends without the means.
Mass graves of tortured civilians found in Aleppo – Russian MoD https://www.rt.com/news/371824-aleppo-mass-graves-civilians/#.WGJ7EMIpFuh.twitter …
Trump is leading USA to war with the nations, if you can't see that, then you might need a mental eval.
Why should the Palestine people be treated as refugees for now 50 plus years?

about time. But he seems to be another made of Teflon
Most of the conflicts in the Middle east stem from the fact that Palestine dose not have a country! Why?
And your President will start a nuclear war. Congratulations. The South has Won.
You call Obama Kerry reckless while PE is talking about nukes and allying with Putin?  Come on.  Focus on treasonous TRUMP
PE is having a bromance with Putin and you think that Obama's correct position on settlements is the problem?  Stop Putin!
What on earth is wrong with a 2 state solution? Are the Palestine people dogs or what? Good grief!
Like refusing to say anything positive about Christianity but speaking at ISNA and this statement-not reported by press
Obama Reckless??? I guess it could be worse
will you stand with Trump's reckless bromance with Putin & his reckless nuclear plans? More reckless than Israel situation.
. @LindseyGrahamSC and the Trump foreign policy is what?  A measured expression of carefully considered thoughts?
'Normalizing Trump' will do more harm than good, don't cry when we suffer the consequences of irrational decisions.U helped
I think you really mean, "Stand with AIPAC for campaign funding". I could be wrong... but I'm not.
Assessing the Obama era. Is the Middle East better off than it was 8 years ago? What did Kerry achieve?@LindseyGrahamSC @washingtonpost
@ShanGolden it's all intentional
@b_ofrights  no one said we weren't with Israel
@Schlahbi yak la ils sont au prochain gouvernement hado ?
les républicains ont la majorité au congrès et au sénat je pense
yep, ils ont gagné partout
I thought you had common sense, but I guess I was wrong. Trump with just "bomb the sh*t out of them" egh?
Most Israelites are for a 2 state situation there, why do you oppose that? Money gain for you?
Standing with Israel would be to make her safe, not in more danger.
I don't think it is reckless at all. I think Obama knows exactly what he is doing. Like pouring in Middle Easterns into US
Easy for you to say.
Just priming the pump for PEOTUS.
While I respect your opinion, young Jews across the world know the only path to peace is to pull back the settlements. They are a roadblock.
no, it stays as it has been since Reagan. Live with honor all the time. Be a leader.
14-0! Israel's flat-out reckless days coming to an end! #FreePalestine
which has now lost support of both parties in the rep "reform." Tough day 4 Americans
further, pence taking over is a gigantic question mark too. Likely very bad. Which leaves Ryan
unfortunately right now the public cannot see past trump bc he talks of bombs. We don't have the impeachment power.
Your parties nominee and President elect is calling for a nuclear arms race.
If you think Obama is 'reckless' you'll need a new adjective for the Trump years. #soscrewed
Israel needs to understand it no longer has a blank check from our country. Illegal settlements are just that - illegal.
unfortunately it still does thanks to bipartisan support in US govt.;the people must change that! #FreePalestine
We do stand with Israel.
even if belatedly, US must end naive&foolish servility to a flat-out reckless state of Israel! #StandWithPalestine
How about #StandWithAmerica against our Russian PEOTUS? We are terrified here at home with his nuclear arms race!!
what is your agenda supporting racist policies of a right-wing Israeli government barely supported by its own people?
unfortunately Israeli public mostly behind Occupation&annexation! intn'l community must act! #FreePalestine
Obama is caution personified and you know it, Senator.
like electing trump?
14-0 including UK. #DeleteYourAccount
Fantastic! you Israel shils in Washington gonna blackmail 'em all, now?! #FreePalestine
DUH--do you think? That's quite a powerful assessment. Are you having "twinkles" for lunch--  wow . "reckless"- forceful
Apparently you support illegal settlements, nice! You probably also support a nuclear arms race 2.0
I'm proud of Obama. Israel is out of control with building on Palestine land.
only thing Obomber ever done for Palestinians&too late, after standing by for eight years! #FreePalestine
While Obama golfs, Israelis prepare 4 war terroristic war! Thanks O Worthless One Obama &Ignorant pissant Kerry! Shameful!
While Obomber golfs, rogue Israel expands illegal settlements&terrorizes population! #FreePalestine
What the President has done is despicable! #StandwithIsrael
after all this time,Obomber finally does something right to end despicable Occupation! #StandWithPalestine
I boycott all Heinz products because of Kerry; he cant even ride a bicycle without crashing
you lost me on this one, senator. hw sanctioned israel for illegal settlements. this resolution is no different.
he didn't sanction,threatened to w/hold loan guarantees-this intn'l UN res. is much better! #FreePalestine
do something!
Think so Lindsey? Well you ain't seen anything close to the reckless this world will experience underDT!
14-0 should say it all. Thank you President, Obama.
The last of their parting shots? #finally
.@LindseyGrahamSC    I'm sure Cheeto is going to fix everything, Senator.
and your foreign policy ideas got us involved in Iraq, which killed many, many people and cost us a whole lot of money.
ICYMI Donald Trump wants to start a nuclear arms race
Thanks for the heads-up.
Thank you for always standing with Israel Senator
you stand alone, isolated from intn'l community, in supporting Occupation&illegal settlement! 14-0! #FreePalestine
And you are blocked. I wish you peace
