atleast he will kill Isis but not your precious hrc and obammy
Sure, it's the Russians. Remember to check under your bed for KGB.
Trumps victory is the U.S. nightmare for us conservative GOP.
What alternative did your propose?
@puppymnkey Hope you stick to your guns Sen Graham. Trump seems to be intimidating everyone else. Stand 4 America.
Weak and spineless is the man in office now who green-light it.. scratch that, he's not weak, he's complicit. We will never forget!
Unlike behind a veil with Obama. Got it! Thanks for your concern.
@puppymnkey Just Heard @hardball Matthews Say Something About #Russia May Hold The "keys" per Syria??? BS! #Putin As SICK..
...As #Assad!!!
Worse, he whole thing is a tragedy for innocent civilians
Hi Mrs. Graham, keeping the wheels of the military industry complex turning I see. Oh and fu!
.@LindseyGrahamSC it's only a nightmare for you warmongering Neocons & your ISIS allies. You need to be purged from GOP & sent back to Dems.
and a literal nightmare for innocent civilians
Trump going to school on Putin 'bombing the shit outta them' using civilians in Aleppo as target practice.
Aleppo isn't in America and this was a battle b/w two very ugly sides. The US were right to stay out of it. @meghanmccain
Lindsey Graham is always willing to go to war that he won't fight in.
That's the truth
Lindsey Graham is the republicans version of Harry Reid.
love the GOP civil war. Better than in Syria
with a little help of Russia! Da commarade!
R @KingSalman @MBZNews Blackmailin NvrMarried PUPPET @LindseyGrahamSC AboutHis SEX Preference? @AirForceTimes @CNNI #AP @cnnbrk @ap @FOXNEWS
@puppymnkey a nightmare for the people of Allepo. I put myself in their shoes and can't imagine the suffering. Crime/people
n.b. Assad's genocide in Syria was sponsored by Putin, who our new POTUS & S/of/State love. We will dance w/a war criminal.
Hmmmmmm
@MeghanMcCain  NOT OUR FIGHT! We are not world cop. What has that ever gotten us.
Trump's "victory" in #America is a nightmare for America
Bigger nightmare for Aleppo
Only you and your ilk
.@LindseyGrahamSC for America?? that's your concern right now when thousands of civilians in #Aleppo are being slaughtered?
I dunno but I think he is saying it's a nightmare for America because we let it happen???
It will be Obama's LEGACY!
It is nightmare for humanity. #Aleppo
@MeghanMcCain So what, what did you guys do about it? #ALLTALK #ISERVED
@MeghanMcCain its time for you to retire #TermLimits
lindsey Graham is a jackass
then why do Trump& all of his sycophants think this is such great news?They're cheering it on!
(Not on NJ rooftops however)
It's Putin's victory. You know it. How are you going to spin supporting a President that colludes with Putin?
@puppymnkey Thank you for standing up @sengraham2016 I have much respect!
..and Trump wants Tisserson who's a friend of Putin, who helps Asad's genocide in Aleppo. Do NOT confirm Tisserson plz!!
after trump elected, evil reared its ugly head in USA just like in Aleppo.  Oil is more valuable than human life.

No children should live like this #Aleppo  https://twitter.com/Ruby_RoseC/status/666638546258673664/photo/1pic.twitter.com/Q895TYTznE 
@summerbrennan hmm just like trump is our nightmare
time to stop bitching. You have to deal with Trump and his policies. Then you can decide, Obama or Trump.
...and innocent Syrians. Some of them children. I'm a Dem.  But, facts are facts.
You're ok with interfering in other countries election process, like Israel but, you're up in arms about Russia's?
death to NEOCONS!
Your a much bigger nightmare for America than Aleppo
can Americans for once, not make things about themselves
thats a fact   a nightmare for America and its product like alqa'eda and isis
yeah no shit and a power vacuum is even worse. For the world, not just America
Honest question. How so?
@JessRenae94 but president elect is discussing life with kanye 
and apparently offering him a potential ambassador role
yes America is the real victim here genius
@SumerSloan yes it is and the ME. I imagine a 'permanent' russian base a la Korea, protecting 10s of thousands hezbollah
@summerbrennan now you have to depend on your leader, you helped in getting us where we are today
@summerbrennan It's not just Assad! You're supporting #PutinsPuppet #TreasonousTrump #Treason #Shameonyou
And he couldn't have done it without our new buddies in Moscow.
And our refusal to accept very many Syrian refugees? How does that sit for us? The Statue of Liberty asks. @summerbrennan
Your existence is a "nightmare" for America.
i'd say it's a nightmare to those stuck in Aleppo facing shelling and genocide.
@summerbrennan not @DanaRohrabacher. He likes Assad
Our president tried to get congress to authorize some action to fix this but you all said no.
Inevitable. We cannot keep using military force to prop up Democracy in the Middle East. Self-defeating strategy.
No, it is a blessing. Seeing Al-Qaeda rule Syria would have been the real nightmare for Syria, America and the whole world.
thank you sen graham. Our country needs your non partisan sane approach to beat back danger of Russian incursions.
world leader, pure peoples hero, end of legend...
Just when I was starting to have some respect for you, you show up with typical GOP history revision. #Putinspuppet
Well Comrades, hang on to your wallet and your Russian dictionary!
why? because the bearded beheaders and rapists who were drilled, paid and armed by 'America' lost your war?
It's sad, but we can't get entangled in another pointless 20 year war. Assad brings stability.
if u were right, America would have brought democracy to Syria to avoid any kind of nightmare. Who u r kidding?
Trump being Putin's puppet is the real nightmare. Please hold Trump accountable. Do the right thing for our nation.
Are you sure that supporting rebel groups wouldn't have led to increased sectarian violence post-revolt?
regime change failed! #AmiGoHome
So would a ISIS victory over Assad ,  it's all a nightmare.
and whats is or what has @POTUS done about it? Nothing because its not on his radar!
Russia and China will help Syrian become peaceful again!Fxxk the terrorists.
your complete lack of empathy is nauseating for people who are at this very moment being slaughtered. #alepponightmare
Graham's default position is never-ending war.
pls don't confirm Exxon CEO as sec'y of state.
Yes...they found crates & crates of "made in USA" munitions making plausible deniability totally impossible
bullshit. You & co-conspirators could care less. What matters are power and money. Do y'all even know where Aleppo is?
will suit Trump nicely though.
don't worry @realDonaldTrump will respond by ending sanctions on Russia
why, exactly?
#AleppoVictory #AleppoLiberation
This is what the MSM will never show you: Overjoyed Syrians celebrating the full liberation of #Aleppo from US-backed terrorists.

…
and you wanted Hillary for President. It's blood on her hands and she owns this .
Is it really all about oil, for ya all who want to engage in war with foreign countries?
@Kris_Sacrebleu it's United States....not divided states. You could have worked with POTUS...
Iraqi children died but not covered in media, how many? we do not know, they're lives were not worthy to be counted....
Where where you when Bush Jr was bombing Iraq? Where was the love for those civilians who died because of us!
@NorthernStork #Aleppo
but 4 the love of God there terrorists if they come to America
Your voice will be important with the coming administration who has already signaled his capitulation to Russia's views.
But much more so for Aleppo and Syria. Here's to hoping a Trump presidency isn't a Putin/Trump bromance.
u mean when we show fake pictures, give Isis & Rebels weapons. Are you sure u got the story straight. Do u they have wmd's
.@LindseyGrahamSC while I don't agree with everything you say, you've become a steady voice of reason for the GOP that we all can count on
Obama refuses to help the Syrian people, Obama weak and failed policy
it's a nightmare for most Syrians who've fled Syria
not for @realDonaldTrump and Putin, they are best buddies with Assad, both of them are tickled orange.
can you name one foreign policy call you've made right over the last 20 years? #MAGA #AmericaFirst
Your PEOTUS most likely ok with it
lol, US dont care.
like you being in government freaking nightmare
and a nightmare for the slaughtered innocents of #Aleppo. You forgot that part. Everything isn't always about #America 
I'd say a nightmare for humanity... :(
FYI Aleppo massacre described as biggest crime against humanity of 21st Century
Position by NCRI's @Mohaddessin on massacre in #Aleppo: Biggest crime against humanity of 21st Century. #SaveAleppo http://ncr-iran.org/en/9-uncategorised/21690-position-of-ncri-foreign-affairs-committee-chair-on-crime-against-humanity-and-massacre-in-aleppo … 
#fakenews
Russia's "victory" in Aleppo makes it worse.  We don't engage because of strategic cost but end up paying regardless.
It won't be easy for the incoming administration to sort out either. #Iran #Russia
You spelled Putin wrong.
@realDonaldTrump what do the generals say?
other than defeating IS (existential threat) what does any of this have to do with American National Security #AmericaFirst
Did John McCain give you your talking points today?
cockroaches. Y'all are cockroaches....
CAN'T WAIT FOR THE DAY THAT WE CAN SAY SENATOR GOWDY
you have 32 followers, no ID, and you show up with word vomit to shit on the floor. You get one, too.
Never been big on followers 
And
Profanity is the first response from a limited mind
enjoy prez TRUMP

I wish more people would pay attention to this.
