No...
Sen Graham, you are a HYPOCRITE. It was YOU who started this whole Russian tirade that lead to Sessions demise as AG. You betrayed Sessions!
This appears so, but he is also old school politics.  No more protecting criminal politicians.  U play, you pay. He's obstructing justice.
If he is a patriot, as I suspect he is, he will hang in there.
You need to spend more time meeting people. Apparently you have lived a very sheltered life. He didn't disclose info and lied
Comey exceeded position FBI assumed AttyGeneral duty #Prosecution let Clinton slide #Justice claims no #Intent #DefiesEvidence evade #FOIA
He'd be a heck of a lot more decent if he supported compassionate immigrant reform
I agree with Sessions, but who the hell left you Chief in Charge?  You & McCain need to keep your mouths zipped for once. 
You are kidding, right? He lied under oath! Did you forget that already? But as much I despise Sessions, I don't want him to resign
With due respect, you have not met many descent people as a politician.
You need to meet more people.
Lindsey Graham  is one of the most annoying people I’ve seen in the Republican Party. He attempts at every chance to undermine our POTUS!
he is bot doing his job he will not look into hilary and their treason hes a washington insider.
Stop hangin with politicians and meet some of your decent constituents who will lose #Healthcare as you abandon any shred of decency you had
I'd disagree if based on nothing other than his stance on civil asset forfeiture and the failed war on drugs.
Other than the racism, the treason, the lack of integrity, the lying...
You need to meet more people

Jeff Sessions brought this torrent of criticism on himself. WETHEPPL deserve a fully functioning AG; he must DO THE JOB or leave
I suppose it's nice if Sessions is "decent" to Graham on a personal level, and perhaps to some others, but more generally speaking, he's not

...for an unrepentant racist
Then why is YOUR president bashing him? Take a stand, FTLOG.
Not one single person, including POTUS Trump, has questioned or made derogatory statement about US AG Sessions.
You need to meet more people then.
Maybe you should try making a new Life, and just do your Job?
I guess you have different standards in South Carolina. Where I come from we don't consider racists decent people.
You're not!
SESSIONSmustNOTfireMEULLER
You must not have met any non-republicans. Ever.
Decent but ineffective. the DOJ is a runamoc mess, dominated by politicized investigations that has provided no evidence of wrong doing!!!
This is stretching it a bit. He wants forfeiture and seizure of assets on people who may not even be charged. Innocent until proven guilty
We elected Trump president, not you. Shut up and sit down.
Then, with all due respect to you sir, why is he enabling the destruction of our democracy?
Jeff Sessionsis a racist weasel.
Bullsh*t! He's a typical white southern man w/deep roots in questionable racist politics during civil rights era. Snap out of ur white coma!
Except he supports a corrupt and unqualified POTUS
Frighteningly enough, that may be true.
Can we count on you to stand up to the jack ass in chief? Get rid of him. Now.
Lindsey, your bar for moral political decency is ethically repulsive, un-American, counter to human decency and quite simply fucked.
Your pal Trump doesn't think so. What are you going to do?
Donald Trump keeps giving Sessions a public job performance review.  Trump is the tackiest.
Yes, I agree, but it's frustrating that in a similar situation a democrat would never do as he has. We want Justice.
A "decent", lying, racist? Interesting...
That's not saying much.
@ScottAdamsSays How does he compare with people in your non-political life? As so qualified, your support isn't a very great compliment.
Are you quoting David Duke here?
Your game of chess is pretty weak I would bet
Stop talking, we all know what your mouth is really good for.
in my political life, that's about where you lost credibility!
I guess promoting systemic racism is decent in the south
God I hope so
Insert "formerly" after "is"
Fix Obama care.  Defeat trumpcare
I doubt it, but 45 got just the person he deserves.
You're a rich white guy, of course he's decent to you. He's a POS and always has been. And you're a 2 faced hypocrite.
Yeah...then I guess you need to get out more
If you're white.
Look who is talking!
And considering Sessions' lack of commitment to ALL citizens of the US, I would consider your definition of decent.
Except for that whole racist thing.
Meh!
Maybe so but we're tired of timidity. We want fighters! Recusal?For what? Total BS. Why do u lay down for Dems. When will #GOP fight for us?
Jeff sessions is 70 years old why do you have to come to bat for his character? The lady doth protest too much, methinks!
Really....He's lied to Congress.
Decent people accept ALL. Don't like Sessions but he's the buffer between Trump and Mueller. So needs to stay for now to protect the law
You and I obviously disagree on the definition of decent. Get out your dictionary, look at his record, and think again.
Then you obviously haven't met me.
Then why is he stealing from people before prosecuted and convicted. They can't just be it back.Innocent until proven guilty is a foundation
if by decent you mean racist, then yeah... I do declare
 What is your definition of "decent"?
He made a deal with the Devil, &even white, privileged, authoritarian males will have to pay the Devil his due when they're no longer of use
How's that possible? Really Lindsay?? Really??
You don't get out much, do you?
Says a criminal owned by special interests and lobbyists for years.
Small circle of friends?
Sure is decent at seizing property from people
Not in my book but soon to lose his job Tweety  is not happy with him
He's definitely a decent racist
I remember you treated @USAGSessions with so much respect like @SenJohnMcCain 
Stop Lying #FakeRepublicans 
Sessions can't do Job~ #UnRecuse
Well that explains coz you're from fucking south. Finding decency is like finding Waldo down there
I am going to need to see your definition of "decent". It is clearly different than the one the rest of the world uses.
Sessions has this problem with truthfulness. Kinda like his boss, Trump.
He is racicst #KKK
So, that means he's got to go.
Hahahaha
Then you are not clear headed about who he is. He has a shady history & his actions tell the citizens he isn't fit for his position.
Oooo... I don't know. Well, I do know, but I'm trying to be polite, Mr. Graham. Wow... I will agree with others. You do need to get out more
Jeff Sessions is a proven racist who has no business being AG in 1st place. It's why he wasn't appointed in '86!!! He's NOT a decent man.
Sounds like you need to get out more!
Seriously? I would think you had met more than that in your line of work. That's pretty scary if true. Lying & racism are kinda big deals.
(1) what?
Why aren't you speaking out against one of the most Illiterate n despicable characters in the White House, Traitor Trump?
I don't believe you are saying this shit.
Trump is king ask him no laws for republican president only the other side and the Cruz part on HC the nation will need a lemon law
You need to meet new people
Why is HRC not in jail?
Decent? In what alternative universe is he or has he ever been decent? Frankly I think this particular karma is beautiful
'cept for the racist thing.
And the Trump thing.
And the Russia thing.
Decent men do not defame citizens of an entire nation, lie about their contributions, and racialize immigration issues in general.
There is something wrong with a man who worships Trump
OMG. Please stop.
What ?!  I just lost respect for you. Sessions is far from decent.
When you get real close to a mud slinger you should expect to get some mud on you. No surprises here...

I faint wait to vote you out get real republican in that ain't war thirsty and love the left
You need to get out more
Does your opinion take into account his 40+ years of attempted voter suppression and documented racism? How can a racist be a decent person?
He is but he recused himself from Hillary Clinton and Russia what good is it it's like working at the DQ and not making a strawberry malt
Except for that racist part.
Yuck
Double yuck
Well, you 2 are the same.
Ugh
Is this a joke or has your account been hacked? Sessions is a racist who, BTW, LIED under oath. Should be disbarred.
Support impeachment now if you really care about the survival of our Republic. Thanks.
Are you sure you mean Jeff Sessions?
The bar in Washington must be pretty low from the looks of things.
Then stand with him. Stop the healthcare vote until trump backs off. Censure him. Something for God's sake.
Regretfully this says volumes about your values, your morals.
That's cuz you're white buddy.
You're hangin' in the wrong circles Senator. Decent people are not bigots and liars.  Stop hanging around all those politicians. Oh wait.
Sure, if segregationists that supported  (probably joined) the KKK are noble and decent then ok. Otherwise, expand your circle of friends.
If you're white.
If by "decent" you mean "repugnant", then I'll agree with you.
Jeff is loyal to his party, he's not a backstabbing sob
Oh man, do you run in small and dark circles
Must be a short list then
WTH voted no? Collins? Who else? Rand?
I don't believe that for a second. You're all over the map with your yammering on. grow a spine and stand for something other than donors.
Lindsey, by saying that , your bar for decent people that you have met is very low
As far as racist garbage goes, he means to say.
You'll forgive me if I don't take the word of a rich white man on Sessions' character, as a PoC.
WTF did I just read?!?! Bahahhaha you're joking right?!?! Are we thinking of the same #JeffSessions
In the #UpsideDown where it's ok to be misogynistic racist homophobic and lack ability to apply justice impartial... Sure.
What? Bet u r gostwriter for Jeff.
LG... get a grip dude JS is hideous
Yet all dems had a different opinion when Trump appointed him. Now, Schumer and Ilk defending Sessions. Politicians are liars.
Decent is one thing, doing his JOB as AG is completely different!!
He's a lying racist shit, Ms. Graham
Kindly remove SC from your twitter name and replace it with LindseyGrahamGOP. Your vote proves you do not represent the people of SC
Says a LOT about your "political life"..... your cowardice toward Heir Trumpenfüher explains it all...
@sqrlybear you see this garbage???
They are all cowards. How do they sleep at night knowing they will be killing millions. So heartless.
You're drunk girl!
DO YOU EVEN KNOW WHAT DECENT MEANS ? YAH good try 
What does that have to do with
Loyalty to the President

Shut up...the other half of your brain is a traitor
Ish.  Creepy
Nope.
#MAGA Jeff Sessions was compromised when He recused Himself. @realDonaldTrump needs a Fully Functional A.G & that,s no longer Sessions! (1)
#MAGA You Lindsey should know why @POTUS needs a Fully Functional A.G if your qualified to be a Senator.
You must be joking
he is a racist and a disingenuous abuser of power, he is a criminal
You must know a lot of garbage people in your political life.
Seriously? I would have thought you'd met a lot of people in your political life. Guess not.
IMPEACH TRUMP HE IS THE PROBLEM NOT THE SOLUTION!
Really? Then why is he waging a war against pot and why is he telling cops to steal property?
Say you haven't met a whole lot of people now?
He is a disgusting racist liar. He should have never been confirmed. He is a disgrace
Seriously Lindsey??? I mean that's like saying Trump is not a narcissist and you believe/standby everything that comes out of his mouth!
If only you could ask Ted Kennedy his opinion, wait, it's on tape and on record. And remember, Kennedy stood with the people, unlike you.
Save it you need to stand up to the BULLY
Every time I think @LindseyGrahamSC might have a shred of decency, he proves he doesn't.
Hahahahahahahahaaa
Are you being facetious?
Cheeky
You lost me right there.
You don't meet many decent people do you? Still, he is better than Trump. #TrumpRussia
Sir, you have to reply to your own tweet to threat the tweets together.
Seriously? That's sad.
Walk across the aisle, Lindsay. Meet principled, decent people who are for US, rule of law, the Constitution & HC for all. #shameonyou

You say what now

Watch out. Sessions may take your property even if you've done nothing wrong.
Bouregards stand together.
Sessions only has one shred more integrity than @realDonaldTrump ! Lying to the Senate is not decent.
Decent people do not lie and misrepresent during confirmation hearings.
Lindsey-he may be quite charming to you, but please understand some of his policy positions r very detrimental 2 groups of good people.
& some leave 2 much room for exploitation (eg: asset forfeiture as currently comprised has high abuse potential).
You need better friends. Sessions is a white nationalist racist
Ooooo...yikes....lost me there. #TrumpRussia
Don't have many morals do you?
Have fun & put #TongueOutTuesday Out
It's #Sessions of Summer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r28wyCsU7-w …
#SmallzyAskLouis

He's a racist too.
Oh, I thought liar went without saying. 

Bam!!

