No longer hopeful that there are reasonable Rs.
For 230 years the Senate has been able to come together to pick a Supreme Court justice. You and the @GOP are a disgrace.
#MERRICKGARLAND
U said you needed to go nuclear so the GOP could get a supreme court judge U realize 5 of the nine were appointed by Rep presidents right?
#CONFIRMGorsuch 
Merrick Garland
He didn't standup for cold&frozen truck driver but for largeCorp.What a corrupt so calledjudge wehave insupreme crt. Reflects on youGraham!!
That's a shame
You know you done HAVE to go nuclear. No one is forcing you. Try another nominee.
You seem awfully proud & chipper for someone who just shat all over 200+ years of legislative precedent.
So you to hate Americans and change 100 years of working together. I dont understand how you go along with the evil going on.
Booo to Gorsuch. He is out of the mainstream.
Who cares! Where were you when a decent man by the name of Garland was to be considered. Lost credibility man!
Fucked up Gop!
the GOP is wrong in this. You blocked merit then got help from Putin to get trump elected. Those are the facts!
Disgraceful abuse of power by GOP. This is a STOLEN SCOTUS seat from Obama administration. Shame on you
Your words mean nothing. You put party before country. You have no honor. #NuclearOption #StolenSeat #GarlandNotGorsuch
You went nuclear, and it will come back to haunt you. #enemyofthepeople
Why speak on the floor? You've already changed rules to get your way. Party over Nation all the way Lindsey!
Congratulations, your lack of respect for the US Constitution stole you a seat on the court. What's clown show
You will be out in 2018 for allowing this nomination to proceed while the POTUS is under investigation for treason. You are just as bad
Lost all respect for you. Time to go nuclear on all red seats from local-federal. WE ARE AWOKE! There will be a price to pay!
Do u ever listen to the responses on ur Twitter. Or are u afraid to realize u are a huge hypocrite... like the biggest.
Merrick Garland. Choosing partisan GOP over Americans will come at a price. Blind eye to Russians, taking healthcare from millions. Karma.
#MerrickGarland
Party before country. No really, we're all very proud...
No illegitimate justices
Fucking horrible
drop dead
No one wants to hear you on this subject
This was a mistake. You said at any cost and you meant it now we all have to live with the fallout of democracy being eroded.
You obstructed for 6 years! You do not deserve to fill this seat!! You denied Garland a hearing! Shame on you!! #TrumpRussia
remember #frozentrucker #MerrickGarland #studentwithdisabilities #SCOTUS8to0 #plagiarism #hobbylobby while you run at the mouth.
Speaking in favor of theft. A seat you and McConnell stole. #shame
cheaters, ruining democracy just to win.  History will not look kindly on this.
Despicable
No thanks #illegitimateScotusGorsuch
Embarrassment to our citizens and children learning! GOP STANDS for the Constitution? Bible? #Enough on Both sides! We The People Matter
Very disappointed. Hope you are happy.
The next Democratic president will now have a chance to appoint Supreme  Court judges free from Republican filibusters. Thank you Mitch.' DC
why? Is Gorsuch that good that you ignore half the country and senate traditions for him?
Why are you endorsing a PLAGIARIST?
We don't give a flying you know what!
Neil Gorsuch sucks. You're trying to create a fascist industrialist capitalist empire for the rich elite
Why????????????????
I can't wait for Gorsuch to take his place on the Supreme Court.
So you want to be on THAT side of history, eh?
How much to sell the soul of our country? Our judiciary? How many pieces? Standard 30 Judas?
Very disappointed in you right now.

You’re useless.
A shameful day when our lawmakers change the rules instead of abiding by them, disregarding the very reason our country is great: its laws.
You mean the same #Gorsuch that was hand picked by #PresidentBannon who ran the racist hate site @BreitbartNews.
False, Gorsuch was picked by McConnell as early as June of 2016, according to sources
You denied Garland a hearing or vote. Then you lost the popular vote. 
Then you lost Gorsuch vote. 
Then you changed the rules.
You mean like the Democrats did.....
Garland…
