He denounced all the hate groups & called them out by name, exactly how do you expect him to fix this if what he says isn't good enough 4 U?
He could say to DavidDuke + RichardSpencer and ALL racist praising him by name, that the President rejects THEM, their IDEOLOGY AND SUPPORT.
He already has.
He has NOT said 2 DD "I don't want need or value this praise; I find you, Mr Duke reprehensible and your values evil-I don't want ur suport"
don't even know what that means... also, we don't need Russia "narrative" ; we have #45 himself.  Why do you guys resort to name calling
CNN disagrees
One month earlier in 2/16 THIS is what he said 2 CNN: Just to be clear, I don't know David Duke" Since he holds NO true beliefs he flipflops
So.. 68% of these people are "racist and hate-filled"?   You really wanna say that?
Land mass doesn't equal people - just so you know. California had more votes than most of the big red in the middle there.
Imma need you to google "how does the electoral college work", sir.
Your map is of the counties won. The electoral college works by state. Here's Obama in 2012. 2020 could be worse for Trump.
Yes ma'am.  We could lose the 1,000+ seats that we won from the Dems.  
Actually Putin and his KGB won for you!
I sent them a fruit basket in thanks, ma'am.
Because if you look at the history of 45 and his father, they are and have always been racists. Wake up! Birther was a racist movement.
Birther started by Hillary's campaign.
Wrong. 45 hired people to go to Hawaii and Africa to investigate. Detailed on tape in his own words.
Lie. I remember her campaign ads on tv when it started.
Dream on.
democrats are the rascists and hate-filled people in the country. domestic terrorists  mad because they didn't get their way!!
the words he said were perfect. no he didn't mention KKK and WS by name, also didn't call out antifa or BLM who came to  fight.
Lindsey, you'll be kissing the ring each time he reaches that very low bar. You're fooling you.
Amen
And now, from YOU!
But Dems support BLM and antifa..they r also hate groups
As you are from Antifa.

Woman Who Destroyed Durham Confederate Statue Is A Pro-North Korea Marxist http://trib.al/uD201ze  
I beg your pardon.  President Trump handled it perfectly.  No snap judgement until facts are in.  If you don't agree then resign,facts count
qeqqr
And you and your friend John McCain are receiving praise from liberal's. Do your job repeal Obama  care and pass tax reform.
COR. BIRDS OF A FEATHER FLOCK TOGETHER...3KS OF SINGAPORE!
Robert Byrd (kkk) is praised by HC. Just because they support him, does not mean it is mutual. Your tweet was moronic.
And you are receiving money from killary @HillaryClinton  how about that? http://redstatewatcher.com/article.asp?id=90679 …
And you're receiving praise from violent leftists & media for refusing to condemn Antifa violence? Does that make you a racist or violent?
Says you
Coward
HA! The truth just jumped up and did little dance!!!
COMMENTS LIKE THAT MR. MAKES UP FOR MORE DIVISION, IS ONE GROUP, THE AMERICAN GROUP, EVERYONE ELSE, BURNING OUR FLAGS ARE NOT AMERICANS.
The Nazis in the White House have to go!!
And you are receiving criticism from the most centrist, loving, anti-politically correct speech, race loving, GOP and independents in USA.
Jarhead, there is nothing about you that is centrist or loving. You constantly insult & belittle, espouse far right ideals, & are rude!
Not a racist & from a family of LEGAL immigrants - STOP  defying @POTUS & be unified!  Looking forward to sending  2 primary challenge
Oh no the money treat!
He's also receiving praise from voters like me. I'm not a racist. Support our President!
Only the GOP can fix this, show leadership, unite, and get rid of the unfit man pretending to lead our great nation.
Mr Graham. You are on the right side of history. Keep up the fight!!
HE IS DONE. IMPEACHMENT NOW OR LOSE IN 2018 AND 2020. REPUBLICANS WILL NEVER RECOVER AND YOU KNOW IT.
Sweet graphics, could you now make one showing general election totals by singular votes? Asking for 65 plus million friends.

He's been pandering to those people from before the election. They are his real base. His dad was KKK. Of course Nazis/KKK support him.
Considering all the bad he's done from day 1 & before, inc. conspiring with Russians to fix Election, you might urge @SpeakerRyan to impeach
GOP is the largest hate-filled group in the country.
Correct. And smart.
In case you haven't noticed, @POTUS doesn't really care about opinions. He spoke the truth, both sides were wrong! Both sides have evil!
By that account, every Allied soldier who fought in WWII was evil. When you were a kid did you root for the Nazis in all the WWII movies?
3rd gen holocaust survivor. We are not in WWII anymore. Hate is evil no matter what side you're on. Violence is evil on ALL sides.
We are not in WW II anymore. But here we have Nazis marching in our streets. Can not be ignored!
Whether we agree with them or not, they have a legal right to assemble. Ignoring them is ABSOLUTELY what we must do. They do this every year
He can't help who endorses him u loser . We warned u get in board w trumps agenda so u will learn hard way when we vote u all out
You know the truth, stop pandering to the left.
I hope you finally do something about the imposter in the white house..PLEASE. PLEASE
I'm not a racist and I think people like you are causing more problems.  You cause division when you fight the Pres.  Show unity.
Just #impeach him for crying out loud!!!  You get Pence.   Can't understand why Republicans won't act.
Where were you for the past 8 years. Didn't see anybody trying to take statues down during obamas term.
Lindsey, please be our hero & have Trump resign.
He is also receiving praise for placing the blame appropriately on violent offenders on both sides.  Don't scuttle First Amendment.
Guilt by association. What a way to be an American.
So did Obama. They are called Antifa.
Thank you for speaking out against the president's tactic support of white-supremacists. He is a neo-Nazi sympathizer, unfit to lead.
I'll bet this tweet doesn't age well
as long as it is praise, he does not care...
You were put in office to represent sc. so please represent us by retiring
Thank you for calling out this pathetic excuse for a potus
You need help stand up for your President

Theses are the real racists
He lives on praise and doesn't care who gives it.
You think democrats are going to elect you to any office?  Delusional.
You are just plain wrong. Why don't we ever see you all attack the left the way that u do your own party. It is weak, bizarre, & shameful.
BULL FEATHERS!  You're looking for an MSM pat on your wee little head:
BLM, KKK, White Supremacy Groups, and AntiFA are all the same kind of domestic terrorist thugs!
Just so you know Lindsey, we are going to vote you out of office so enjoy your remaining days  they are short lived
What were you doing in Ukraine with McCain in Dec 2016, here is a sample of Ukraine's stand http://investmentwatchblog.com/mccain-obama-supported-neo-nazis/ …
Senator, we disagree on many issues, but we sure agree on @POTUS. PLEASE get your @GOP colleagues to join you in calling him out. #Impeach!
No he's not. You r stirring the pot and exposing exactly what ur intentions r. U should resign in shame.
This sweetheart is hard to beat. Zionist Nazism par excellence. and people like  this are in power https://twitter.com/willie_travesty/status/897513646028464128/photo/1pic.twitter.com/FsO7vkdI0P 

He said both sides were wrong... and they were.. he said NOTHING wrong!!
So the new rule is if a group associates itself with you, you're associated with the group?
No one got this excited when Byrd won a seat.
true he doesn't care where it comes from just so it's praise. He's destroying the GOP & they R so affraid of him they are
turning their back while he destroys them and . He's dangerous God is shining a light on his evil everyday pay attention
No I think you are
Blacks are the racists
Put your money where your mouth is and start impeachment process.
It;s NO SECRET.. http://www.salon.com/2017/08/17/trump-the-alt-right-and-the-kremlin-white-supremacists-russia-links-are-no-secret/ …
Please save us. Stop him now. I have seen the white supremacists on Facebook thanking him profusely. This is wrong.
Hello mr. *rump has always been a divisive candidate and I'm so embarrassed anyone gave him a single vote! Not a leader!!!
What do u want Trump to do, send a Predator Drone after them & wipe them off the face of the earth! God says judgement is His. You're a fool
Thank you - I love it that you stand your ground against DJT's crazy bullshit - he is certifiable. #ImpeachTrump
Thank you Senator for speaking out for right & wrong. When faced with tragedy Bush brought us together as a nation. We need leadership.
I CAN NOT WAIT TO VOTE YOU OUT OF OFFICE!!!!
there is more than enough fodder to start the impeachment process. Please impeach this man before he destroys this country.
As Obama said about Farrakhan's endorsement 'I didn't endorse him, he endorsed me' Your job is defending 1st Amend not calling out hate
I had heard the Senate had that reputation...starting with Byrd and downhill from there
Thanks for your attempt to help Trump!  Maybe IMPEACHMENT is the best route for Congress
Actually he's been receiving praise for a long time from these racist groups...Remember his Central Park 5 and Birther foolishness.
& u r 1 of them.
We cannot let such a tragedy happen in our country-- it looks like the whole thing is on your shoulders. Call if you need help.
That's because he courted them, encouraged them and believes what they believe. Racist to his toes. Learned it at his daddy's knee.
What in THEEEEEE HEEEEELLLLLLLL is WROOOOOOOONG WITH YOU?
You got 1% of the vote shut up
Yeah speaking the truth about a situation must seem foreign to you bought and paid for whores. Both sides committed violence-TRUTH.
Gee Thank Girl. I am Flatter by your bigotry .
Tweeting at him won't help. Censure him and push your House colleagues to #impeach. We know you know. #trumpDementia
So grateful to you!  Organize with your fellow patriots and impeach this sick man before our society falls apart.
Wrong! You are the one receiving the praise.... From the Democratic party! You are a disgrace.
Stop trying to reason with him. It doesn't penetrate. Impeach his corrupt, bigoted, lying ass.
Do something about it, Lindsey. Support a censure or impeachment. You know he's dangerous.
Stop the madness! You know the truth that either this was all planned or both sides should've been stopped. Who's pulling your strings?
Blah blah blah.. stop talking an DO SOMETHING!
Barry is a Kenyan born non-American globalistic radical Muslim
POTUS disavowed White Supremacy dozens of times & U SLIMY POLITICIANS  want to excuse Anarchists! YOU ARE ON THE WRONG SIDE
#badabing ohhhh I love this guy  @TrumpyDaClown is going off his cocker. Its like the old Italian saying"Trump is Bat crazy" booom! #gopnuts
So are you Senator.
Congress is useless! GOP HAS THE HOUSE+SENATE+PRESIDENCY & POTUS is the only one getting anything done!
MANY various groups attended, regular folks like these people were caught in the fight.
And YOUR party's being seen as racist & lacking a moral compass!How many lines does Trump have to cross b/f u DO something?
I hope you push for the Censure of Donald Trump!!   If not I would never vote for you!
Man you are so hateful, petty and exactly what’s wrong in the US. This type of bs is why you got SMASHED in 2016. What a joke.
THANK YOU for speaking up despite POTUS backlash.  We appreciate your courage #ThankYouLindseyGraham
And he LOVES it!! Pigs love mud.

- stop the hate - stop the hate - put your twitter account on hold until you grow up...... Donald Trump is the President
President Trump is receiving praise from average, hard working, honest, patriotic citizens like me too. Woke. #MAGA
He has no control over who praises him...you are being praised by people who want to purge the country of its history. Shame on you
#getbacktoworkslacker
And he receives NO support from the #GOP lifers like yourself.  Two sides fought that day. Not one Lindsey. #WakeUp
better to be though a fool than to tweet this and remove all doubt feel sorry for you and our party
Thank you so much for standing up to this hate and racism!! It insanity that other nations are against these acts more so than trump
Congratz! The voice I've been waiting for. The time has come for Rep.'s in the Congress to put the Country ahead of party & pers. interests!
Can't believe you jump on the hate train... well maybe I can. You know the hate groups praise him to ignite the fire like you just did.
I don't agree with your political views in general but you are one of my favorites when you just tell it like it is! Don't back down please.
America needs some ppl to demonstrate profiles in courage. I believe some of the GOP can't call 45 out bc he's got dirt on them. Not you
I will be working hard for anyone challenging @LindseyGrahamSC in his next election. He is doing nothing for people of SC. #obstructionist
Please please do something about trump. You impeached Clinton for a blow job. Trump is doing lot worse
Start impeachment process.  Urgently needed.
If the truth is known they have been told to do this by their bs leaders (obuma, Hiller, etc) to further bring anger against Trump - BS
Not so Mr Graham! Get back to work on Fix or Nix Obamalair! Thank you!
And how is that POTUS fault? You realize nuts endorse ppl all the timem
And just when, Lindsey, did the #Democrats start praising #PresidentTrump?
Amazing that you just figured this out... I was saying this a year ago
You dear Lindsey are such a phony-back Trump or look for another job
You are now receiving praise from some of the most racist & hate-filled individuals & groups in US 
#AltLeft
#BLMKillsCops
You stop talking your on the news channels everyday not POTUS both sides to blame Antifa paid from company in CA follow the money a set up
Then vote to remove this idiot!  Stop playing party and start playing American and the people.
You do realize that @POTUS is President to all Americans, even the ones he disagrees with right.  You people praise Antifa and BLM terrorist
Problem is you and Bob Corker, are only around when the sun is shining. Well sometime it does not its called loyalty. Like the Dems practice
Besides standing on his head repeating his repudiation of the KKK, and Neo Nazi, what the hell more do you want him to say.
As many presidents of the past have gone through. You really think we are fools???
Lindsey you should be ashamed of yourself you supported this racist. You chose power over democracy. Lies over truth. You have no spine
@POTUS @GOP Graham is part of the swamp! Politicians like you stole our social security funds but make intellectually deficient arguments!
You sir are a protector of violence from one side of the aisle. All violence is an abomination. You are the problem.
Resign RINO
Obama had praise from Black panthers who called for killing all the white babies. Did you blame Obama. No. you did not
Senator you and the rest of GOP are fully responsible for Trump and his Nazi support. Statements aren't enough anymore Sir. ACTION REQUIRED
Please do better. #ImpeachTrumpPence #DoSomethingGOP
Hello, if you would like to communicate with me; I could be of assistance. Like here. "trump" as always received praise from these. #whylie
Trump needs to be impeached. GOP selling their soul for the sake of policy. Trump will continue to dog you out.

He can't help what people say years and years of him denouncing these people he has said over and over... just drop it already
Please. 45 doesn't care where the praise come from as long as the praises KEEP coming.
Let the voices of the leaders be heard!Please we need Love,Peace,Unity among us!Jesus is about to Come back!Are you SAVED?
Please stop with your constant criticism and ridicule of Pres Trump.  You makes things worse.  Here's an idea, stand with the President.
Why do you and GOP Congress not get off your ASS and IMPEACH TRUMP. HE IS SICK AND UNFIT FOR POTUS. What is your excuse?????????
Agree completely.  How did this happen?
So ANTIFA and BLM now support president Trump?
Dear Republican leader...that is where the Republican President wants to take us. Will the party let him?
Who is responsible if someone with a hot mike announces URsexuality2a crowd full of people?is that your fault?We hav no control what ppl say
Who are a minority. Do you think so little of the Am. people , Repubs in particular & your constituents, that you would belittle them so?
as u well know, David Duke is doing that to cause trouble and you know it. We are not as stupid as u think we r. Shame on u
you and other republicans created this atmosphere. Trump is your albatross.
They hide in churches pretending they are Christians. This is most un Christian behavior.
What is sad that people have closed their eyes to this for a long time.
