Liar
So Colby is down with pussy grabbing? Lying? Obstruction of justice? Not mention, just plain crazy? Colby... really?
So was Hillary Clinton who stayed silent when her own husband former president guilty of womanizing. And donor rapist friends like Weinstein
Was America in the room?
No it was Moron's Russian's buddies in the room Dotard has converted Graham it really is another Jim Jones cult
When I see tweets like these -- inflammatory, anonymous account -- I conclude they're possibly an Information Operation, and I block them.
Other evidence: High #tweets to followers ratio; high number of tweets per day.
Lest you forget........
How do you find common ground with a pathological liar? Asking for a friend...
Diplomacy doesn't entail selling your soul or pandering and enabling a deranged, ignorant narcissist. Signed, an ashamed constituent.
In plain English, he means he will kiss Moron's azz so he can get ahead in WH & so his new best bud won't pick on him with nasty tweets
What about what's best for the Country? @LindseyGrahamSC , I know you're not this selfish.

Worst President in History
In other words, I'll kiss his butt.
Odd that google translate came up with “I’m trumps bitch and will slavishly serve mein fuhrer until the end.”
Man are you on glue? PR is dying CA is burning & you're tweeting about liar in chief golf scores & bogies instead of STANDING UP W CORKER!
I'm guessing everybody  'in this room' is an old, rich, white guy.
Glad to hear that! There is so much we can achieve and so important. #MAGA
Be a responsible, thinking, compassionate person and call for his impeachment. That's what's best and you know it. #ImpeachTrump
It's sad (& scary) but I think SenGraham does know it. He wants to keep his job. Be a leader! Lead South Carolina to truth: Trump must go.
@LindseyGrahamSC no you are kissing but BC you are afraid of losing your seat. You talk from both sides of your mouth.
Is that your excuse for golfing with the current POTUS?
What are your differences? You seem to vote for his agenda.
His donors were getting angry st him. It's all about the money
How about removing the despot from office? That's what's best for America!
What's best for everyone in the room is if you'd grow a pair and kick the dangerous narcissistic man baby out of office.
Yes!
Seeking common ground with a madman is irrational.  The once honorable and rational Sen. Graham has jumped the shark.
@ananavarro You can't find common ground with person with no critical thinking skills and has serious dementia. Stop kissing his ass, Lind!
Someone needs a diapie change!  #UnfitToBePresident #GOPhatesUSA #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Complete hogwash BULLSHIT that you continue to support a known liar!!!!
Keeping president Man baby in check is best for everyone in the room.
@LindseyGrahamSC  you have been hanging with @POTUS way too much, you are starting to do that retweet of a tweet about you , thing he does. It is really sad and pathetic that you need to bolster your own ego. Do you need 2 self reassurance briefings a day also ?
He is going to get us all killed! Congratulations supporting this horrible, horrible, horrible soulless dictator wannabee. Shame on you.
You people are as delusional as it gets.  If you think propping up a Kremlin Tool is best for GOP- you also need an IQ test
Think about the Nation, Country, and the people of South Carolina who sent your sorry ass there!!
So Graham won't hold Trump accountable for the evil things he says, does? He'll capitulate to immoral POTUS for sake of GOP agenda? Got it.
You should NOT look for common ground with an idiot narcissist traitor. If you do, you will go down with him. It's inevitable.
That passivity is what has gotten us to the place where our Pres. is challenging his Secretary of State to an IQ test & bullying Corker!
@LindseyGrahamSC  No Lindsey; Ignoring the crazy doesn't help anyone. It prolongs it and risks countless lives and livelihoods.
Oh wait ... by "everyone in the room" you mean the GOP Senators and their paychecks. 
"And then he won't tweet mean about me to my SC base!"

Party first, right Senator?
How's that "common ground" coming along? There's only one way to have no differences w/Trump:  Agree with every word in his demented brain.
Who was in the room? A bunch of old wealthy white men I’m guessing
@LindseyGrahamSC dude, so the golf course is the "common ground" you are referring to? Or is it spending $$ on golf carts for Sec. Service?

No balls
Appreciate the effort
While at it, why not find common ground with a decent person?
Will you also call him out when he is wrong, abusive, petty, etc.?
Invoking the 25th Amendment is what's best for "everyone in the room!"
Lol he played golf and trump washed his brain, is Sad to see that you guys putting trump's pocket over country
The differences are to dangerous for you to just overcome
Only if the common ground is the best for  the country, notbest for @realDonaldTrump .
Common ground for who. Not the people who elected you that’s for sure
Having an insane man with nuclear launch code is better that Pence? Graham is saying Pence is even worse.
Well, Senator, that guarantees you a VIP seat at Trump's military parade. "Today, I wish to save you from yourselves." Marshal Petain -1941
@LindseyGrahamSC You took an oath to uphold the constitution and I don’t know why playing golf while Americans dying is what you chose.
I prefer Corker’s approach but do what makes you feel good Lindsey.
Graham deserves no respect because he is unable to consistently display a backbone.
He was on to it before. Too bad he's caved...
We want Trump’s agenda implemented - NOW! We must go after the Senate for it’s opposition!
It's humiliating to have to turn into a girfter to keep my Senate seat, but I'll do it rather than do what's best for the country.
You were speaking for Lindsey, right?
The ultimate grifter
Hey Senator Graham, what about the people in "this" room (i.e. America)?  He's pathetic, corrupt and inept. #25amendment
Oh Lindsay
Rich white men? Is that who was in the room?
@LindseyGrahamSC, do what's best for the American people. 
Just “everyone in this room”???
What is best for everyone period is to impeach 45! Stand up for what is right!

If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
Sen Graham You really need to open your eyes! The  Allies & Enemies knows who @SenBobCorker now is = Honest = Country b4 Party = Patriot
@LindsayGrahamSC - what is best for the country is to have Trump out or his power limited. He is an unstable, undisciplined narcissist.
You know full well we're far beyond the point where that's a rational approach. Stop trying to save yourself & your party. Save America.
Grow a pair!!
Don’t care what sen/graham thinks/ says- That  has sailed #suck up!
That isn't the same as sucking up to the President over his golf game
Nice to know Graham pledged his loyalty to Trump on golf course. How much of his soul did he give away. He is a hypocrite.
Someone should give Lindsey Graham a breatherlizer test because most the time he's drunk google last comment on Sen. Corker
There is no common ground with Trump. None. He changes his mind like he changes his clothes.
How can you find common ground with a sociopathic child?
And why would doing so be best for everyone in the room? Unless the sociopath has threatened them. Wonder if Trump has dirt on Graham.
It’s best for the cowardly #GOP sycophants in the Room. It’s not best for the country
Good boy Lindsey! Sit ! Lay down ! Roll over ! Good boy ! You want a buscuit ?
Graham has, with his health care killing bill, and now his suck up while golfing with Trump shows his true colors. Another AltRight racist.
Graham sold out for a golf game.
Oh I'm sure it was more than that, and I'm sure we'll be finding out soon.

If it's Trump endorsements, may want to talk to Big Luther first
Maybe Trump grabbed his pussy.
Translation: I’m afraid he will tweet about me so I’m going to kiss his ass !!
What's best for GOP in this nation is to face reality and admit the president is an illegitimate  fraud and America is shrouded in darkness
Sell out of America you non patriot.
What did he promise you for that one Lindsey?
Your full of it. Trump = Death of America and our Constitution. Impeach Now!!
Impeachment is the best sy
Especially when the only two people in the room are Trump and @LindseyGrahamSC. Amiright, Lindsey? How much did your soul cost?
Common ground w/ someone so unfit and dishonest doesn't sound good for America. Make the country better, don't diminish us to serve Trump.
When will u all learn there is no common ground with trump. It’s all his way or no way
Too bad it isn't what is best for the people of the USA.  @LindseyGrahamSC
Now please apply that thinking to working across the aisle with Dems. Let Congress work again, it hasn't in 9 years. We deserve better.
How about what's best for the COUNTRY?

He's a clear and present danger and you know it!
That's the problem senator @LindseyGrahamSC, you're doing it for the people in the room instead of the people of this NATION.
Only way to tell a true leader, is when they learn to overcome differences for the good of all. Wtg
What's best for you and other GOP and we "common folk" is to get this idiot out of our White House. You need to stop being 2 faced.
"President Drumpf shot a 73 in windy and wet conditions!". That's some Dear Leader shit right there, Linds.

Lindsey party before people always looking  out for himself - hopes to become Donnie's fav boy toy! #moran
You’re RT someone with 299 followers. Yeah reliable source
What about what's best for 300 million+ Americans? Or what's best for anyone who would suffer from a nuclear war? Country over politics!
Graham doesn't care. He previously said Trump is unhinged now he sold Trump his soul. He is a hypocrite!
Perhaps he's on adult day care duty or is part of the PTB who "contain" him.
What’s best is for your party to stop licking @realDonaldTrump “golf” balls and #ImpeachTrumpNow

@LindseyGrahamSC Not sure how you can find common ground with an out of control egomaniac! DT is destroying America with GOP’s ok
But, not what's best for America by a long shot.
Removal of the incompetent  traitor is what is best for everyone. Not doing that only be best for the people in the room if they conspired.
Sure since only pols and donors have a seat at the table. Who gives a shit about what’s good for constituents

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
No. You should be doing what's best for AMERICA. If you can't do that, don't bother. Just fuck off.
Meanwhile, half the country is dealing with the impending dumpster fire... But as long as the people in the room are okay..
Really Senator Graham? how do you overcome incompetent, dangerous, threatening egotistical?....tell me please, I need to know
Are you kidding? He’s mentally unfit for office!! Do something to protect America before we end up with Dictator Trump!!
Right. So golfing during the PR crisis is finding common ground?
Daycare duty today, huh?
Ild rather you do what's best for everyone in the USA.
* I'd
We are growing and we would like you to be a part of it! Come join our team!
