As a constituent, I'm ashamed of my senators. Nevertheless, #shepersisted
If you're represented by these douche canoes, I hope you're calling!
#everydamnday
if I can support you somehow please let me know
Just keep on #resisting
#everydamnday 
what I hear is: a woman quoting another woman must be gagged and discredited.
One word for this action against first amendment and Warren: Republicans are COWARDS!
No, #TheResistance will not be silenced! #investigatetrump #ImpeachTrump
You have made me lose faith! You can be conservative and have honor and conviction..I thought
this is wrong
U proud?! SHAME ON YOU. Bernie's right: authoritarianism, un-American. Yr name/career is MUD.
We #theResistance are going to do everything we can to get you VOTED OUT #WeStandWithWarren
I can't believe LG would stoop so low. So b/c Warren is running in 2020, she shld B silenced! Despicable!
Did you not see the backlash @ McConnell? You've been warned, Women of #TheResistance
I do declare, you're back to being a sexist racist jerk!
Not BACK to being a sexist jerk, he's ALWAYS been.
u should focus on shutting up  ur marketer of trumps products
Very disappointed by your response to Senator Warren. Typical Republican chauvinism.
Are you SERIOUS? It was LONG OVERDUE??!? How dare you! Your retirement is long overdue!! radiotalkermike
. SHE STILL PERSITED!!! Don't ever try to silence a woman gain.
Makes me question my vote for Lindsey Graham as somebody who deserved to be heard...
#ShePersisted
Debate not welcome in Congress?  Is this how we are making America great again?
Pretty clear that Lindsey & the Republicans are terrified of Warren and the coming tidal wave
Lindsey & the Republicans, that sounds like a shitty band.
you didn't silence @SenWarren you silenced her constituents and that is as Un-American as u can get.
thanks for inspiring the movement Nevertheless She Persisted.
Remember they also vote!!!
Misogyny, sir, look it up.  You are the picture of it.
When Ted Cruz called McConnell a liar they didn't invoke this rule.
rule 19 does not apply when vetting candidates, they stretched the rules
.Are you suggesting if only sen. are nom, their actions can't be discussed?
WHY?
You R a disgrace 2 SC, ashamed I have 2 live here. U going 22 sell us out on Price also?
Lindsey you were silent when Cotton broke that rule with his tirade re Harry Reid. #hypocrite
Stop peddling GOP sexism, your job is to serve the voters, not Sen.McConnell.
When you grow the balls to go after Putin's boyfriend,.....then you can talk.
appalling and disgraceful. #nofascistusa
How is it that @POTUS not required to follow Rule 19? #ironic #hypocrisy
You will not hold power forever...be careful how you use it. #ShePersisted
I actually had a modicum of respect for him until this
Silencing anyone does not bode well for democracy. Disagree with you greatly on this one.
Check out the InfoWars website for more.
Guess you just can't take the jerk  out of old white southern men.  Sad.
WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS GOVT? SAD
Shame on you Senator. Women will rise and not be silenced!!!
I remember when Lindsey used to claim he was a Gulf War Veteran, flew a desk in SC.
Old White Men w/ a little power.  Hopefully will  change in 2018. Pissed off  lots of peeps!
You're also a racist, per your embrace of ultra-racist Sessions. This will not last forever.
Four MALE Dems read the same letter today w/o being silenced! Yeah, UR a sexist.
Really? You are pathetic, & your attempts to dismiss her show your fear!
Mr. Graham, heard your comments abt @SenWarren I relish watching u all realize how wrong U R!
Lindsey Graham falling in line bending over for @GOP Party Over Country
He did that because he is a whimp!
Guess Lindsey and Co. got triggered, needed to make the Senate into a safe space, #snowflakes
You disappoint me. Thought U 2B the 1 honest man in REPUBLICANT PARTY.No mo!
was starting 2 actually like u a little bit. Well u just nipped that in the bud.
holy sexism. Everytime I think you stand out from GOP, you fall back in line.
Shame on you.  She's standing up for what's right.  You are spineless.
thank you4 doing the RIGHT THING,a real man knows RIGHT.fm wrong,thanks again
thank u senator,I'm sure that ur tired of that yapping fake Indian wannabe.
But 4 men can read the exact same thing without rebuke? Misogynist, much?
she may be running in 2020, but we know you won't, Mr. 1%.
wow. "Overdue, with her", isn't SEXIST AT ALL! Ugh. #ShePersisted #weremember
Graham once again proving he sides with all the corrupt Republican trash.
good her and Sanders. Fanatic.  Stir up trouble all they are good for
I never thought Graham was an unAmerican bitch, but he sure is!
@lovingmykids65 @Emma_Dumain @LindseyGrahamSC @radiotalkermike @postandcourier He nds to change parties....he's a RINO.
U Graham...r a coward & traitor to democracy; don't ever claim 2 care abt America again
https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3259988-Scott-King-1986-Letter-and-Testimony-Signed.html#document/p1 …
Oops, my bad. Thought you had a soul.

He's a douche too.
Very swampy - love it, the GOP sponsored reality tv show is unbelievable...
VOTE ALL Nominees!

The way the Dem's are behaving, USA needs NOM's!

TY
Warren is loose cannon that needs to put in her place.
ofc course he does
SEE  HE ACTED LIKE YOUR FRIEND.....NO REPUBLICAN IS YOUR FRIEND  EVER.
Graham is an idiot exactly as Trump calls him in public.
not something to be proud of, senator. Mucho sad!
Racists need their safe spaces too.
What? You mean he grew "cohonnies!"
giving up on you Lindsey, morally bankrupt like the rest.Follow the pack!
About time she's shushed. She best the dems have for 2020? Really?!
Boooooooo!  You are sinking into the swamp.
Lindsey is a southern and a racist bigot. He just doesn't say it out loud
GOP old guard chooses power over Country. He needs to go. Ready for new. GOP
and you lost me again Senator Graham. I knew it wouldn't last.
did spineless lindsey explain why Merkley, udall, sanders lack of being censured
Four men have read Scott King's letter on Senate floor today. None have been silenced.
Yep I foolishly thought @GOP could be human
DRUNKMAN
you should be ashamed to silence the people in the senate Or anywhere
Truly shameful.
how manly of them.
