Congress still has obligation to repeal & replace #Obamacare. #GrahamCassidy returns power to the states @alevine014 http://time.com/4944913/jeb-bush-the-graham-cassidy-proposal-is-better-than-kasich-hickenlooper/ … https://twitter.com/LindseyGrahamSC/status/908851930751016961 …
Question, Ms. Lindsey, if South Carolina votes to deny healthcare to same sex couples, how will your partner be covered?
Keep saying the American people want it yet all polls indicate American people don't want repeal and replace  the Republican way. Fix ACA

Low energy
Lindsey won't answer questions about how the Veterans,Old & Poor will suffer if this would pass. Why not Lindsey?
Because this:
Don't you care about my fellow veterans??!!! https://twitter.com/votevets/status/909801542118727681 … #NOGrahamCassidy
#GrahamCassidy cuts #Medicaid. 1,750,000 veterans covered by Medicaid. A vote for #GrahamCassidy is a vote to take healthcare from veterans.
If you look at how many times the GOP has voted against the veterans you'd know the answer to this is no.
GRAHAM-CASSIDY'LL RESULT IN UNNECESSARY SUFFERING & DEATHS OF UNTOLD #'S OF AMERICANS TO KEEP A BAD PROMISE THAT SHOULDN'T HAVE BEEN MADE!
I'd rather have support of AARP, AAMA, March of Dimes, American Lung Association, the American Heart Association, JDRF than low-energy Jeb
No Jeb, Congress' obligation is to provide quality healthcare for all, not tax cuts for the richest.  Healthcare, not wealthcare!

#GreatReads: The staggering hypocrisy of Bill Cassidy and Lindsey Graham: http://bit.ly/2xkjGXg  @mattyglesias 
It's all about the Koch money. Quit lying . Your bill will kill people

Question is, why are u proud of bill to take health care from 30 Million people?:
Are you willing to call it graham care?
Shame on you. You're trying to take insurance from millions and upend the healthcare system. --a very angry nurse
Even worse, he is transparently motivated by the Koch Brother coffers. Greed! Not care for his constituents! He should be ashamed!
Exactly right. Schumer is just blowing smoke. Hope you can read McCain's campaign literature to him pre-vote.
Two rich idiots
Mistake

You have Bannon's support so you have Mercer $$. You've sold your soul.   This is your legacy
I have a pre-existing condition, if I lose coverage and die can my family sue you personally for your vote on this bill?
Well Lindsey looks like you don't have the support of @jimmykimmel
Jeb...not cool.  There is an obligation to provide healthcare for all but not an obligation to repeal Obamacare.  That is just Rep BS.

A "Great Day" for @LindseyGramSC is pretty fucking sadistic. 
Fix the ACA.  This bill will kill people!
Ashamed to be a South Carolinian. Make a name for yourself by getting rid of our idiot in Chief, leave ACA alone! You disgust me!!!
Your bill, Senator, betrays the poor, working class, seniors and chronically ill. Resulting deaths and suffering is your legacy. How awful.
#ProtectOurCare
I am one of your constituents. I want the affordable care act intact.  Who are you REALLY working for Lindsey?!?
They SAY the represent US, but really they want padded pockets from BIG insurance companies. This is disgusting and@lindseygraham is twisted
Proud to take coverage away from 32 Million
Someone tell @lindseygrahamsc that his bill will kill more of his supporters than it will Democrats'. How will Koch money save him then?
You're going to screw me without  CBO estimate to make Trump look good. You have a life-long problem. Me.  Come meet me. Lindsey
Shame on you!

You are a Rino and so is he. Part of the problem.
You shouldn't be, 1 last cheap shot attempt at stealing healthcare from millions, screwing those already sick, shame on U! #NOGrahamCassidy
Returns power to states without the funding to help people! This is shameful!
@LindseyGrahamSC how much money did Trump pay u to betray sick Americans/veterans? U will OWN every soul that dies.
Why does @LindseyGrahamSC care about anything? It won't affect him or his family! He's what's wrong with this country, the GOP has no heart!
F U @LindseyGrahamSC I'll send the funeral bill for my Mother to you then I'll sue ur ass for killing her! 
Is his family still in the heroin business?
This is awful
No !! Your responsibility is to fix the ACA…. PERIOD!!
Here's an idea: how about including someone other than white males when you write health care proposals? Afraid your privilege will show?
Are you lying Lindsey?
9. Graham & Cassidy are going around saying that under their bill, if a state likes Obamacare, it can keep it. That's a lie.
#shameonyou. #preexistingconditions #gophateswomen #gophatespreemies #noGrahamCassidy
Shame on you. Just shame.
Congress has the OBLIGATION a to protect Americans. This bill doesn't. So over this BS
This is what you'll be remembered for. Forever.
Shameful. Republicans are truly the party of evil. To try to shove this through w/o proper hearings is cruel, irresponsible, misguided.
You're trying to rush this through w/out proper debate. This is not how we govern. You're ruining people's LIVES
Disappointed @lindseygrahamsc. You can do better for us
BS. GOP just want to erase Obama legacy and screw blue states. They don't give a shit about people just corporations.
If your bill has meritt, why not debate it on the floor? 
Get it through your thick heads YOUR CONSTITUENTS don't want REPEAL & REPLACE! Either work with Dems to fix ACA or LEAVE IT ALONE!
wouldn't write home on that one
No no no
In theory sounds ok. Empower states. In reality, some states will mismanage with low taxes/no mandate. Feds will then have to bail them out
The people do not want this. We will not let this pass #GrahamCasiddy
Here you go off the rails again.  You just don't listen to The People.  Leave #ACA alone.  Do something For People not To People.  #Resist
Traitor to the American people. Disgusting excuse for a human.
Do you hate all Americans, or just those of us who buy our insurance on the exchanges?
Where did this obligation come from?
I live in  New York, so I'll probably be okay.  But millions will be hurt, including in South Carolina.
#no repeal heartless GOP
please clap
Grrrrrr
Who gives a fuck about Jeb. He's doing nothing here to help America except support gop death bill.
No. #iamapreexistingcondition
Go away Lindsey Graham
No one wants this! The country has stood up again and again.  We like having accessible healthcare!
Great. .@JebBush is part of the right-wing cabal that wants to eliminate Medicaid for the poor, disabled, and elderly. You're all corrupt.
Jeb is the past. Just like you.
Yeah. Isn't there a hidden clause that states can waive preexisting condition coverage? Like I trust WI GOP to protect my healthcare? NOT?

The latest Republican Obamacare repeal is being pushed through the Senate at lightning speed http://read.bi/2fwiQO1  
@LindseyGrahamSC I have seen it, and I'm so frightened. I will not be able to get healthcare.
You're only pushing this to meet that 9/30 deadline. Bad decision. Millions of people in smaller states will suffer.
@LindseyGrahamSC this bill is bad for veterans, frail elders, sick kids, working families, anyone w pre-existing condition.
@JebBush #MedicareForAll  #SinglePayer
how does this help the middle class?  It creates chaos at the state level for healthcare and destroys completion on the exchanges.  Bad Plan
You are trying to repeal &pass a bill that not going to be debated on the floor or read and going through the "Regular Order" #MoreOfTheSame
Give it up for Gods sake. Ripping #healthcare from millions is not good for America
This plan is a disgrace!! U couldn't come up w/a plan so U dump it on the states. It will be a big mess! Single is the only sane answer.
ITS YOUR JOB TO LET US DIE, TAKE EVERYTHING WE HAVE AFTER SO LONG. STAB US IN THE BACK AGAIN AND AGAIN. HOW EVIL CAN YOU GET?
Passed or not, this POS bill will forever be linked to your name. May it's stench linger on you forever. #GramCassidy
#vote no!

Oh, what an endorsement that is.
Shit by any other name is still fecal matter.
Well if a Bush likes it......
What do sitting Govs like @JohnKasich  and @hickforco  have to say about this bill ?
This is shameful politics Senator Graham, as a South Carolinian I am shocked again at your failings
It's all about "repeal & replace" -- not about the health and well-being of Americans. As what's-his-name would say, "Sad."
Call your Senators NOW!  This bill is a complete disaster!
Republican governor of NH just came out against this.
Walk into an open manhole
NO CBO score. NO real process. NO debate. NO Graham/Cassidy.
This bill is terrible for SC. Slow down. Hold hearings. Don't hurt people.
NO!
Why would you do this to your own constituents? Why would you willingly cause harm on such a massive level? Why?
Returning power to the states on #Healthcare #GrahamCassidyBill means, essentially, a drastic reduction in coverage. Admit it, Jeb
FIX ACA What is so wrong with that doesn't benefit the wealthy help the middle class which is what's right always looking out for wealthy...
You people really don't give a shit about any of us, do you? 
Great...jeb supports...an ultra rich texas man exiled from reality....we, in SC, REJECT this plan....terrible legislation.
Stop trying to take away our health care to give a tax break to the wealthy and yourself give us the same insurance you have #GOPCROOKS
Repeal and replace Trump. Save our country from traitors.
Your only supporter is the 12 yr old pretending to be a president.  If you don't get it thru he'll take another temper tantrum
How many people do u want to kill with his shit bill?
Why don't you list people that will actually be effected by the bill rather than politicians who won't, clueless...
How about your CONSTITUENTS? Do you have THEIR support? Highly doubt it. HOW DO YOU SLEEP AT NIGHT? WHY ARE YOU ALL SO MEAN?
What does CBO say? Do you even care?
Get the support of all of the AMA, nursing associations, hospital associations, then we'll talk.  Will never happen, your plan is deadly
You should be ashamed of yourself.   I thought you were a half-decent R.  Guess not.  Rich donors much?
Proud to strip healthcare from millions? Have you no shame?
Are you proud to be sponsored in your legal execution of vulnerable Americans, Lindsay?  Wow.  Murder becomes you.
And call it by its real name, The Affordable Care Act!!
Good God!! Do you people even know how to revise something? Do you start building a new house when the toilet goes??
You do not have an "obligation" to repeal. Make it better? Go for it!!
No one cares abt Jeb support!!!
.@JebBush DISGRACE! PEOPLE WILL DIE! SENIORS DISABLED CHILDREN! You are SOUL-LESS.If you do this we WILL GET MEDICARE FOR ALL 2018!!
States will do a much better job with HC. Politics and HC are local and local officials will be held accountable and react better for people
There is no obligation anymore, you voted and it was turned down. that's how democracy works. THE PEOPLE WANT THEIR HEALTHCARE.
You break my heart. You're gonna kill so many seniors and those with pre-existing cond. the rest--no EBs to protect. @SenJohnMcCain
Read some details of your Bill, Senator Graham, and I can't support it.  Pls work on bipartisan healthcare reforms!  #countryoverparty

Fund a fix ACA. That's what America wants.
PRE-EXISTING conditions need to be covered without penalty. You have too many conflict of interests at stake Health is non-negotiable!
Senator, Why do you hate poor people so much?
#GrahamCassidy
Yes Why? Please advise...
DO NOT shove this bill down our throats. Bill  is not BETTER or cheaper than the ACA, when you have it then vote.
If this passes, I will work as hard as I can against you in the next election.
Well, @LindseyGrahamSC if you have the support of @JebBush then I suspect it's full of govt handouts and isn't worth supporting.
Bad for all Americans.  32 Million people at risk.
so you are proud to take away healthcare from millions? How about standing up for the country instead of your pathetic party?
This atrocious bill is something to be ashamed of, not celebrate.
So, @GOP is doing this just to spite @POTUS44 ? Because GOP wants to reverse @POTUS44 actions GOP does not care millions suffer. Disgusting.
You & @SenateGOP should be ashamed of yourselves for writing #GrahamCassidy. New #GOP mottos: "Kill the Poor" & "OnlyFoolsGetSickInTheUS"
@LindseyGrahamSC Turns back on Veterans to score political points. Found a way to trick @SenJohnMcCain ..
#GrahamCassidy cuts #Medicaid. 1,750,000 veterans covered by Medicaid. A vote for #GrahamCassidy is a vote to take healthcare from veterans.
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @lisamurkowski #GrahamCassidy will only HURT regular Americans. You want a 'win', but your plan will #LetThemDie
You're all out do us http://in.You  can't just fix ACA so it works because you do not want us to have access to health insurance!
All you Rinos keeping Obamacare lite
Why do you want to hurt so many Americans? Everyone has to die at some point but why accelerate through limited access to healthcare ?
What does the CBO say, @LindseyGrahamSC?
Was this @Time article written by a supporter - language in article showed bias.  If this bill passes, so many kids & disabled will lose.
@JebBush And who will protect those who will have to move their children, jobs, home, to get to a state who won't gouge them? UR PUNTING!
For God's sake, stop this bill. What is wrong with you? Have you forgotten about the real Americans this will hurt?
Still kicking millions off healthcare and people like me with pre-existing conditions will pay triple at least
Murderers.
An estimated 52 million adults have #preexistingconditions that would make them uninsurable pre-#ACA http://kaiserf.am/2f0S0wA  
I don't understand why you want soo many people to lose healthcare? Is $$ for your supporters more important than healthcare? #awfulbill
Absolutely not. Listen to real Americans, not American political elites. NO #GrahamCassidy
Where is the #CBO score? Why rushing to ram this through using reconciliation? As @SenJonMcCain said, let the Senate return to normal order.
You are part of the SWAMP! We will replace you.
What position does Jeb serve ?
Why are you doing this to us?
If you want to do something helpful, do something helpful. Shame on u & anyone who supports this. You're smarter than this @lindseygrahamsc
Poll your voters.  Nobody wants this. Where is the obligation to the entire country, not just the wealthy and uninformed?
Jeb's support doesn't matter! He can afford quality health care. Please don't take health care away from millions of Americans!
Job is a loser. His support counts for nothing.
Have the states had magical solutions they're hiding???
@billcassidy This bill is cruelty. Why do you hate Americans?
You have no "obligation" your bill is premeditated pain and murder, I wish you had your healthcare..if it's good enough for us it's is for u
Vile, greedy, bought & sold. How dare you take away people's health care
50 different healthcare plans. All Americans treated differently. Makes you wonder if any GOP have read the Constitution.
No to you and no to your lousy bill. God knows what you are doing Lindsey Graham. God knows.
Breitbart? Really? "I'm ok with appealing to white nationalists in order to sell my shit bill."
Graham's bill is so bad he is courting white supremacists other haters to try to drum up support.
.@LindseyGrahamSC goes on Breitbart radio, tells people to melt phone lines demanding a vote on his ACA replacement. http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/09/16/sen-lindsey-graham-obamacare-repeal-bill-call-congress-insist-vote/ …
Did you see California new sanctuary city law . They are giving billions to defer illegals against deportation and free college
Congress has no such obligation
All you REPUBS want is a win. Well guess what..this isn't it. You are all disgusting. You don't have a descent bone in your body.
So if you're sick best move to a state that cares.
You're proud of taking healthcare away from millions to give the wealthy a tax break that will never trickle to middle class Americans?
Are you going to give up your government funded health care too? Or are you only stealing insurance from millions of American children?
