.@LindseyGrahamSC But that's stupid. It did. Trump & allies used it to great fanfare.
she won the popular vote by 3 million people. Russian information information operation was a failure.
Trump referred to Wikileaks nearly 200 times during election. He was using it to sway voters DUH
3 Million more people voted for HC; Russian Hack job & information gleaned did not work.
It needed to work just enough with just the right people.
thank you for taking the issue seriously whether or not it impacted the outcome is not the point
I think we got that, but trump scares us now. We hope you can get him on Americans side.
I've never been a hard left or right, so I'm not looking at it like that. Soon he will have ppl in office w/out ethics
Clinton lost key states by .56%, a half of a percent. I think it could easily have had that much impact.
I 100% agree, but also agree that it never should have been that close. Like a football game won/lost by a FG.
Never should have been that close? Whose authority determines this?
no authority, just my opinion. I think DJT is 100% unfit and shouldn't have gotten even one vote. That's all.
No you didn't.
Well, let's have the proof pls. for the millions of Americans who disagree.
Who said this then?
Haven't you heard? We're supposed to hear their "hearts" not their actual words
ridiculous
You would be aroused to excited joy to see HRC as president instead of Trump. You hate him. It's so clear.  We know!
you might not have said it but your comments sure implies it. From a South Carolinian. Start supporting Trump..
What did you and McCain do Lindsey? you went on a trip with McCain and turned over supposed Russian memos?
Your hatred of Trump drives this vendetta. You and McCain's psychosis of pain at losing your aging grip is visible.
Libs wouldn't be terrified if you or @SenJohnMcCain were PEOTUS b/c @ least u guys have shown u'll put country above party if US is attacked
Trump uses that to deflect supporting the intelligence people.he has lost their respect
We'll never know how much Russia helped but thanks to you we can move forward and prevent it from happening again.
Of course It 'affected' the outcome.  How and how much, We will never know. But you can't say it didn't make a ripple.
the guilty always speak up first
don't get too comfortable
We can't say for sure. Isn't the GOP worried about Trump's ties to Russia? Something is going on. Keep investigating.
...but this is obvious to all citizens...
it has gone way beyond the election.  our country is being denegrated by this russian tool.  don't be a trump tool.
of course it did. Putin put on a cyber Manhattan Project for this purpose. #propaganda works, that's why they do it.
https://www.dni.gov/files/documents/ICA_2017_01.pdf …
DAILY REMINDER:
#RepublicansDirtyRottenBastardsClub RECEIVED
RUSSIAN POLITICAL DONATIONS IN 2016
@SenateMajLdr 
@SpeakerRyan
@SenateMajLdr
@SenTedCruz
@SenRubioPress
@GovWalker
@LindseyGrahamSC
You hate Trump. This hatred has become pathological. It informs your collaborations with his Dem enemies. So clear to see.
True Mr. Graham but the issue needs a robust investigation.
DT glaring deflection lack of credibility pitiful. Stop trashing Intel,Constitution, DIVEST

Rino Wikipedia- describe lindsey grahm whose political views/ actions insufficiently conservative. the acronym RINO emerged
Poor Lindsey. Always a bridesmaid... # closetcase 
#envy #bibiballcleaner
Prepare for political annihilation.
Lindsey graham get your head out of your ass and stop trying to tear down this country
Well we did. I suggested that and will keep suggesting it. Just because you lack the courage, doesnt mean Americans dont.
"One LAST shot" & comparing US intel to "Nazi Germany," what will lawmakers do to reign in PEOTUS?
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?
Will USA install a President who could possibly be blackmailed by #Russia while in office? INVESTIGATE #Putinspuppet NOW!
It did. Period
@SenJohnMcCain please ensure allegations are investigated so we know the truth. This is unnerving!
we are Americans!! We deserve to know the truth about DJT! Don't make this a bipartisan issue. Please tell the truth!!
Well it doesn't look good ..  are you with Americans or your Russian Republican comrades ...
Please investigate new allegations.
have some backbone.  That's what we like about you.  You know they influenced it.
Well, that makes you pretty damn stupid!
i know, i heard how u said it. God bless u for always being a patriot
https://www.scribd.com/document/330989098/Dworkin-Report-Trump-Russian-Ties-Unabridged-11-13-2016 …
But you SHOULD suggest it because anything else is willful ignorance and partisanship
So business as usual and we should consider this to be normal?
no you just have been advocating for war with Russia!!
Maybe U should think about it some more. If Russian's were giving Trump info on RNC hack then how about that primary?
I was watching this morning and you most certainly did say just that.
Don't forget to include 'still in the closet effeminate accent' while you read this tweet.
More and more is coming out over 200 documents proving his connection to Russia, He also has over 200 bus in Russia he owns
wrong on this one! It had everything to do with influencing as did Comey! Democracy my ass!
wow this little bit of a little more fun than a good day lol wow lol good thing I love it when I do I love you so
Get real Lindsay!  What a sham election.
every time I hear you say something, I want to tear my ears off, so shut up!
To me, trump win not the point!  Thank u 4 seeing past the BS and trying protect US security!
but has anyone proven that it didn't? #dumptrump #RESISTANCE #notmypresident #Putinspuppet
I sent you a favorable tweet yesterday, I'm taking it back..
I hope to God you take this seriously and not pretend like you are concerned. This is about protecting America:
I wanted you to be President. but that wasn't to be, time you dealt with it with me!
hacking changed minds. ..minds changed votes...FBI helped for sure.   Can't change anything now, but honesty is good thing
no, the FBI did
I'm not sure I believe you.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Senator Sessions answer and his refusal to say that Russia interfered in our election was UNACCEPTABLE. You MUST vote NO!!
yes you did it is on video senator
.@LindseyGrahamSC You didn't suggest hacking impacted outcome. You outright said you thought it impacted outcome. Nice try to backtrack tho
Trump used info released to spread innuendo and lies. Did  affect outcome. Comet Ping Pong story harmed. Truth/lie mashup.
Notice I didn't mention the Greens.
The GOP and Trump will go the way of the Whigs and Zackary Taylor, if the GOP isn't careful.
I'm lookng at the @ResistanceParty or the Oregon Independent Party.
if it doesn't affect anything why the excitement? It affected the election, had w much nobody knows
Although I could never bring myself to vote GOP. Its hard enough to vote Dem.
I'm proud of you.  I'm a leftie, voted Sanders, reluctant Hillary voter.  I have, and cherish my, conservative friends.
but you were pushing it even before you saw the so called evidence.
Only the use they made out of it did. Same goes for the GOP-hacks used more subtly in primaries against Trump competitors.
but it did. I'm not sure why it's so difficult to say.
You actually did. Have you always been an idiot or is it senility that is setting in?
Um... You most certainly did. We all heard you. I admit I was surprised but you definitely said it. Probably bc it's true.
Puzzling why people assume acknowledgment = Trump's win is illegitimate. We work to prevent crime even if 1st time failed.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @USATODAY  http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2017/01/10/sen-lindsey-graham-clarifies-comment-russian-hack/96401346/ …
very disappointed in your hearty endorsement of an AG who has no regard for civil rights,his, and your voting RCD are awful
You said  it did- now own it.  GOP is unaware of Video and how it captures what you really say
how the hell do u know? Backing down already, so typical.
How can u logically say it had no impact, the report says it does.Many of his cabinet/ transition/campaign have Russia ties
@johnvmoore I'm glad there's video proof of you saying otherwise Sir! Just like #Trump "Wrong, I didn't say that", etc.
The Senator needs to read the definition of "interfere"... It's not complicated...
so much for America 1st
@kasie We (you) have no way of knowing. Opinions were undoubtedly influenced. No need to tamper with voting machines.
please launch independent investigation. We must know if Russia has any leverage over Trump, financial or otherwise.
Please just go away. We don't trust you anymore.
but it sure did... and you know it.
what  two faced person you are 
What about drug dealing subs, ur family/friends
Did. Did they go to jail yet?
Mafia sucks!
Redistricting, voter suppression and millions of votes discounted for flimsy reasons. The vote must be protected.
As an aside, can someone PLEASE teach the @GOP Luddites to thread their tweets?
You would have if you understood that it was mind hacking, not unlike a fitbit does body hacking.
So? There's no objective answer to the question. Point is, that there was a concerted Russia attempt to elect her opponent.
Congress has done an abysmal job and should be ASHAMED of themselves.
You are seriously out of touch with reality, & w/national security of the US. It is congress' #1 duty to protect US. 1/2
@daretothink53 Pigeons always come back home. Thought you were better than other Party over Country traitors #disappointed
@slone lying establishment slug - right.
seriously Senator Graham, in your gut, you know it was enough to put Donald into over the top!
Why not?
liar
I Seen How Fast You And @SenJohnMcCain Jumped When Obama Demanded Papers Be On His desk..Fastest 3 Days I've Seen You work
Why don't you just join the #Democrat party now?
We're trying to be a functioning majority party, here. Could you please stop gumming up the works? Sheesh.
No, but you didn't suggest that *didn't* happen either, even though you know that's what people will think. C'mon, man.
I respected your non partisan comment during the hearing, until I saw this BS roll back tweet #spineless #Sessionshearing
Trump constantly referred to Wikileaks which defined the narrative which affected the outcome.  DJT "I love Wikileaks!"
I hate u

You did.Stop LYING!You know the skeletons you have hiding in your closet & your motives. #Puppet #Sessions #Russia #Trump
clinton loose alection bacaus all USA now jewish lobby behaind her
No you haven't. The problem is Our PEOTUS and his staff have constantly.  Keep your focus on the real issue of cyber war.
@kasie but it did.
we know because you are a coward. We all know voters who were persuaded to not vote or vote trump by disinformation ops
but we know it did.  85% of election coverage was about hacked emails and fake news. Trump mentioned daily!
You aren't being honest with yourself or the American people.
@EllenMorris1222 Ok. Then you totally said the exact wrong words this morning while taking about it.
multiple subject v. Predicate reference confusion. They hacked,  not swayed. Clarified later.
But Russian Hacking did affect the http://election.How  does it feel to support a president that Putin picked ?
LYING TRAITOR--CLINTON OBAMA SUCK UP YOU ARE DISGUSTING TRASH YOU AND MCCAIN
Then you need to see the light. Trump referenced Russian fed Wikileaks 200 times in speeches to sway voters. Indisputable
Come on man!Go with the truth!you know it was not legit! Do the right thing! Because when it blows up you're in the middle!

Sure , it didn't affect the election, it impacted the election ;)
I knew you were too good to be true! You & your Republicans are most corrupt pple in America!Shame on you unpatriotic fools

interference was influential. Stand up.
why not? Their hacking obviously affected the outcome via fake news and influence.
, but Russian directed agents definitely DID sway the election through cyber-propaganda and fake news! #noballs
you sir are an embarrassment to Congress. You're showing your true RINO colors today. Resign immediately and delete Twitter
Except I just watched your mouth say that in the hearings. Maybe you misspoke?
Trump's extreme paranoia is causing him to unravel.  He believes his presidency will be delegitimized. It has!
did it have an outcome on the primary?
You got 0% of the vote @JustinRaimondo
The release of the hacked emails had no impact on election? I'm sad you think otherwise.
If the leaks weren't worth a measly 80,000 votes in WI/MI/PA, Trump wouldn't have mentioned them on the stump 164 times.
C'mon Lindsey; HOW could it not affect the outcome? Trump constantly quoted & praised Wikileaks.
Freudian slip???
Great questions and answers from our next AG,with a brief spot for the Bridge Act thrown in.#StandwithGraham and Sessions.
now you're walking back?!
@slone what r u and McCain hiding? Something is up, we've  had hacking from all these other foreign hackers but crickets
You misspoke ... I heard it ... and it will be played to say that you said so. No surprise. Go back and listen
Semantics!!  Many sat up nights in baited breath waiting for Wikileaks releases yet there was not one release on RNC.
No but you do keep saying that in a round about way.
@slone it's irrelevant to the #sessionsconfirmation anyway RINO
And so sir, we thank you for being willing to and acting on behalf of the protection of our democracy!
@kasie - Listen to what you said in the hearing and you will understand why the confusion.  You misspoke but did say it.
who cares if you said hacked or not, fact is that no one claims the emails were not true.  So where came from matters not
Then you are not fit to serve.
Ummm, are you live tweeting during a crucial hearing? C'mon, just don't.
with all due respect, your wording this morning may have led people to believe you did.
it's too bad you sold out
We don't think Sessions is racist b/c he's southern. We think he's racist b/c he acts like a racist.
You need a padded safe space with a free jacket to go with that safety pin?
There's Page, Manafort, Epshteyn, Lord w/ties to Russia, Trump's shady real estate deals, we don't know Trump's finances.
you should search, Clinton Russia Uranium Deal.  Maybe you can see some light then.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Why not seek professional opinion from someone who understands subject matter? Did you make any requests to do so?
.@LindseyGrahamSC What do you as a lawmaker think is a proper #DueDiligence to find out the effects or #fakenews, #cybercrime and RU ops?
.@LindseyGrahamSC If you don't have the expertise shouldn't you request a panel of subject matter experts to determine the effects?
Yes you did & you were correct. Maybe Trump would've won anyway, but the emails, fake news & trolls had an effect
unfortunately for you, that's what I heard.  Thank you for subconsciously speaking your mind.
I will sugguest it! Because it's true! The hacking was what stopped Hillary from being elected! PERIOD!
U did in fact state it changed the outcome this AM. I was shocked & disgusted by your statement. Hope your constituents R 2
Have you dismissed the finding of our IC?
Only dismissing common sense. Report refrained from concluding effect. He does loudly say Russia hacked.
Common sense suggests something big happened to get so many Americans to embrace yet another unfit candidate.
this man is lying to you.
Far too many Trump/Russia ties to gloss over this. Russian mob laundered money in Trump casinos beginning in the 90s.
we agree with you! It did impact the election!! Thank you!
#TurdInASuit
the hacks must have full investigation & not be treated with impunity. Else, we have no assurance of the trust in elections
Watergate breakin may not have affected the 1972 election; illegality made impact moot. Q is what Trump/team knew.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Did you ask data scientists to estimate the effects? Did you ask any professionals to measure the implications? Why not?
.@LindseyGrahamSC If campaigning has no effects why tens of billions of dollars invested annually?
It is an insult to voters to suggest ignorance or lack of discernment b/c we didn't vote HRC.
Stop the nonsense. Total of 80,000 votes in three states and Trump beat it to death every day.
really? well you should have! duhh
I've never suggested at any time- including now- that Lindsey Graham is a decent or principled person.
But... you did. I heard you.
we are Patriots sir. Some of us and you lived through the first cold war. We know the drill with Russia.
Did you kind of say that, though? You said that it certainly seemed to you that it did. Did you make a mistake?
"Hacking" is the word of defense by Rs, but the overall "campaign" to destroy H and help T worked to his advantage
Russia's ex KGB leader is not a friend. Civil negotiations should not include praise for Russia above or own Intel.
you guys let Sessions get by with mealy half answers to your questions today. Good questions but didn't push for answers.
Oh Congress should pass a law on immigration. What a Novel idea, where've you been the last 8 years? Sessions
but it did - they didn't physically alter votes but they helped sow doubt. That's undeniable.
Anyone who doesn't think that the hacking influenced the election is delusional. What happened to you? Were you payed off?
as they have in many democracies. And rather than this being a priority for incoming admin, we are met with defensiveness.
People literally think the ACA isn't Obamacare, and you're telling me no one was swayed by Russia's antics? Please. @LindseyGrahamSC
Just more proof that trumpanzees actually have no fucking clue what they voted in to office.@BrianGr72327841 @LindseyGrahamSC
No way to know. But we do need u to take the Sessions' hearing seriously. Concerns re his civil rights record aren't funny.
@peterjhasson yes you did.
