Would be nice if you talked to your constituents too, hand walked letter into your Mt P office
How about No lindsey
Great job senator!
You've sold out @LindseyGrahamSC  Cozying up to DT time and again, not even a shadow of your former respectable, admirable self.
Please just fix ACA, stop with these other manipulations
why do you now support repeal of ACA. A move that will unquestionably hurt the lives of millions of families. U know ryan can't be trusted
Fox is the only news from the major 4 networks that is unbiased.

Lindsey , would you support a plan that would allow people 60+ to buy into the Medicare plan. Makes sense to me
No thanks
Do you consider other news channel So?
Why do you want to take healthcare away? You know many states don't and won't take care of their people
More spineless waffling! Will Lindsey be slamming Trump over Russia? Will he be praising Trump for doing what presidents are supposed to do?
Sen. Plz get message to KJU. No need for nukes anymore Congress will destroy America inside 2 years. Front door unlocked, come on in.
Yawn
Wow. Fox again? You're so brave!
State TV is a Republican safe space.
No thank You
Evil.
omg is it still purple tie day??  nice healthcare bill btw.
Why the eff do you b s on b s plenty fux? Southern strateegee?
Is this real or just another circle jerk? Getting tired of it.
Does this have to do with making sure all Americans get healthcare?
Your plan is so bad, you'll only discuss it in a propaganda network that's only watched by fools.
Most providers don't even carry fox! Entertainment, not news!
Do you remember when you guys tried to pass amnesty during GWB 2nd term? Didn't go well. American voters are the same.
Give it up a terrible health care idea. How about bringing up internet security instead of a wall. We can catch people, we can't catch hacks
If you want to get something done then it's time for Civil War!!!! This is supposed to be a government for the people by the people!
great job on fox sen. Since comey has testified already, he can't invoke the 5th at this pt? If not, fry him!
You are a patriot!
Maybelline couldn't produce enough lipstick in a year to tart up that pig of a bill
You could have introduced this months ago but you're playing the BS stall game. The @GOP is done. You walked yourselves into the minority.
Why not a real news network?
@realDonaldTrump, please listen to those who put you in the WH. They're not happy. #BuildTheWall 1st!
Please don't let Senator  Sanders, make  medicare for all he has no  idea how medicare works, he is introducing communism. Bad for America.
Just say what it is...alot of words and repeal of #ACA.  A reduction in consumer protections and a way out of regs for insurance providers.
I like you Senator, but your plan is horrible. Healthcare for all
Do your job and stop the tv appearances...don't you have work to do today
If someone has a backbone to run against you, you won't be getting reelected.
Why don't get off TV and Twitter and do some work that you have been paid to do?
How many times have you let us know your tv gig
@LindseyGrahamSC maybe you could get some work done if you stayed off TV and quit pretending to be a news commentator.
#CensureTrump #Censure  #HR496
We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
Watching : )
Let's talk about your genocide bill that would help the health &a wealthy Only. Pathetic
Not the Trump Propaganda Network again?!? Sorry Lindsey - no can do.
REACH AMERICA LINDSEY @CNN NOT FOX
I tried, but when I switched to that station...they were talking about HRC's emails...
*SAD* Especially given that the traitor DJT in office
Americans want ACA - do your job and support It! Stop wasting time on futile new bill.
We all know how you like to toot your own horn, but what have you actually for for your State you're supposed to be representing?
When I flip through the channels, I skip by Fox Fast so they never get my ratings!
Repeal Obamacare Now!!!
Hearing directly from you on #GCHJ is so important, as misconceptions are out there. No doubt updates are necessary as well.
Why? My life is painful enough.
Lindsey ! Lindsey ! Fox News is Fake Alt Right, Racist Network! I'll watch you when your on a Fair honest Network, ABC, NBC,CNN, MSNBC!
 
Wouldn't watch fake Fox news if my life depended on it
I bet you don't watch Fox irl, and mock their viewers in private. How craven are you??
Why are you lying about pre-existing condition protections under #GCHJ ?
Nobody cares. We don't trust you. RINO
Please tell our president NO daca!
Stay off Fox News. They're not credible
Whatabout Amnesty Don. When will you impeach him, and why do you keep appearing on trashy Fox?
Why do you only speak on Fox News?
Sorry, I don't watch #fakenews
ISRAEL DID 9-11
