Still time to come to your senses and do the right thing -- return to regular order to improve healthcare for all Americans.
Hope to hear you say that you will drop this stupid bill and work with Democrats to create a bill even better than ACA.
Hook up a polygraph while you speak. I dare you.
You are a traitor to the millions who can't defend themselves,you are committing genocide against the elderly children &handicapped citizens
@LindseyGrahamSC  #shameonyou I'm from Cola SC I'll see u at the voting booth vote in hand against u !!!!!!!
GO FUCK YOURSELVES & YOUR BILL TO CONTROL THE POPULATION BY KILLING INNOCENT AMERICANS 
Self-inflicted public hanging. 

Brilliant strategy Lindsey.
Americans demand affordable healthcare for all, ...you know, like the rest of the world has. Universal healthcare, #medicare4all
Nope it is a garbage bill - you know it we all know it - sleep well at night???? I can bring you a new pillow
I expected more from you!
Perhaps you can buy Sen @lisamurkowski a car or a house ???
Save your breath!
THANKS FOR CARING AND TRYING..PEOPLE ARE HURT BY THE OBAMACARE..MOST OF POLS DON'T CARE..HOW DISAPPOINTING & MADDENING!
SHAME!
WATCH...as you all lose your jobs...going to be s great day
Lindsey you've let me down. I thought you were better than this. Please don't be so heartless. Way too many people are counting on you guys!
Debate. Listen to expert testimony. Let CBO score it. Pay attention to the words & wisdom of @SenJohnMcCain.
Hahahaha
Senator Graham - how is it you are so concerned that maintaining Medicaid would “break the bank” but no such worries about cutting taxes?
Give it up, Graham. You traded your integrity to do THIS failure? Was it worth it? Wait 'til you face your constituents again.
Your bill is not good for America. Please stop it.
You should have seen all these handicap people being dragged out if their chairs, dragged on the floors...just horrible...again,losing jobs
Un-insuring millions of Americans. EVIL.
We live in a great country with exceptional citizens from all backgrounds. We will survive DJT. We need leaders to work together for all.
Gutting Medicaid. EVIL.
Spare us.
Protestors been paid to obstruct this process. Nothing new
How does it feel to know that your going to kill people
No protection for preexisting conditions. EVIL.
Why won't you let the public in the hearing room? #cowards
Here's the thing, we know healthcare is expensive. We know Medicaid is expensive. We think people are worth more than ur tax cut. #SaveACA
Please use the time to withdraw your awful bill.
This bill highlights just how poor a senator you are: putting party over country & the 1% over the 99% 
Just to undo the work of a black man
When will we see the independent CBO scores/assessment of the GrahamCassidy plan? B/c no votes should occur before comprehensive CBO review.
Orrin Hatch just said it's virtually impossible to pass. Give it up.
No
That sounds like regular order----20 percent approval but you keep pressing. You have lost your integrity and it is sad
make sure you talk about the elderly and the lack of protection for those with pre existing conditions
Could you talk on health insurance companies profits? We have not heard of companies closing doors because of Obamacare? $$ over care, right
Freedom of the press!!!
#GodBlessYou for trying to find viable solutions #HealthCareReform
awesome. I can only ppl chanting though. seems like a great gig
Of course you don't believe in free speech that's  y u don't want no Debat on your bill apparently u see the peaceful protest but u not hear
Don't just don't! Fix it!
You feel BRAVE @LindseyGrahamSC  You know what takes COURAGE\STRENGTH? Dealing with a terminal cancer diagnosis. And your bill helps 0%
Oh good! Then you'll be explaining the additional bribe $ being offered to potential no vote states?
Not going to watch you, listen to you gleefully talk about taking healthcare away fro. Millions of people, for a tax break for your donors
Boo hiss
Talk all you want, this is NOT going to fly
Maybe focus your attention on the ongoing crisis in Puerto Rico instead of pushing a monstrously unpopular healthcare bill?
And how are you going to lie about this BS bill today?  How many bribes did you spread last night?  You're a real loser, Skippy!
The only thing anyone wants to hear you say is that you are dropping it. You will be responsible for the damage you do to millions.
Shame on you. Thought you were better than this.
You’re having a hearing on a bill you wrote last night? Stop this madness. Everyone call 202-224-3121 vote No #GrahamCassidy
Stop rushing to pass something before September 30. We need regular order in Congress.
How could you put your name on this bill? It takes insurance away from more folks than the prior 2 bills. Don't serve trump, help Americans!
Please stop trying to kill Americans just to make your donors happy.
Repeal as promised
SHAME ON YOU for sponsoring this piece of shit so called"Healthcare" bill. Start planning yr post Senate career. You are distgusting.U done
Correction: Lying my ass off about #GrahamCassidy
speaking? ...you mean LYING....
You sir have no honor
If only you could remember the definition of public service and your commitments to constituents and Americans, not your wallet
Who else you proposing to hurt this time (after you've killed he elderly)? Babies now? I'm sure....
Telling more lies?
You won over the @potus but not me fully. Your bill equates to Obamacare by another name. #DefundPP permanently and cut Gov mandates
So, you're OK ppl w. pre-existing conditions will die? And elderly will pay 5x more? That the disabled will be cut out? And ur a MINISTER?
It's dead, Jim.
Not sure if I'll watch as UR dwindling LEGACY goes down the drain. Shame 2 you on many fronts; Healthcare+Medicaid R NOT socialism
#SaveACA
This speech is simply to assuage the GOP rich donors who are pissed of that congress can't force repeal and replace on Americans.
https://www.forbes.com/sites/eriksherman/2017/09/20/6-big-lies-about-graham-cassidy-and-healthcare-reform-and-1-truth/#535e0802a640 … … @SenateFinance be sure to share the 6 big LIES about this bill #GrahamCassidyNO  U work for us not #kochbrothers
#Resist
Why do you want Americans to die?
Will you be doing that with a straight face. Liar
Your friend John McCaine is dying from brain cancer and Re #replouiegohmert  is calling for his replacement. *FakeChristians
#GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
The president is a crazy man.. when is enough is enough! I'm an independent not a liberal. So concerned
VOTE NO HAVE A HEART
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins Hold your ground. Make it clear that you have integrity and put country over party. #killthebill
Help America!  Get rid of 45 and send aid to Puerto Rico. This is disgusting.
Well screw it all up Lindsey, your trying to
Affordable Healthcare for ALL.
Seriously, Lindsey. I really thought you were more thoughtful. There is a madman in the WH and you want to ram something through for cheers?
You are holing up financial help to Puerto Rico just because your not getting your way in destroying American lives. Your sick.
If you are 50+ Graham's bill will JACK UP YOUR COSTS BIGLY!  BEWARE!
Nope 
Why don't y'all talk about Puerto Rico and getting those US citizens some help THEY NEEDED DAYS AGO and leave the ACA alone or improve it?
No doubt! #PuertoRico @LindseyGrahamSC
Can you guys pass something,anything!!
@GOP @SenateGOP are the real death panel.
Take a look in the hallway Lindsey. Real people don't want your stupid bill Their lives depend on the ACA. Just stop already and fix the ACA
KochCare isn't healthcare
You’re pushing your #deathcare for your rich doners.
Hopefully U regain your senses & remove your name from this pile of garbage & give in 2 the fact that it sucks as a HC bill. #BirdcageLiner
Thank you for continuing to fight for a healthcare bill that would hurt me and my family . So you can hand out tax cuts to the richest .
Evil bastard. Just for a win you are willing to hurt million.
@MSNBC @CNN So instead of equality in healthcare, this bill pits states against each other for money?
Sir, you are a shameless sellout. You could have been a contender but you took the cash instead.

No thanks enjoy your 6 figure pay off for hurting and killing people Makes you so proud
Go stand in a corner n talk to the wall about ur useless healthcare plan
@CNN @CNNPolitics @jaketapper
Revised Senate health bill is “all about buying Republican votes” https://bloom.bg/2y4yXNG  
Have U jacked anyones wheelchair yet today, or parked in a handicapped spot?  If UR bill dies, there R still ways u can say FU to sick ppl.
I used to respect you Lindsey.  You make me sick now.
Will be watching as you make the case for much needed reform.All the best. #PressOn
No thanks. I prefer Senators who care about my family and me.
Hey Graham - how are you enjoying your CADILLAC GOLD STAR HEALTH INSURANCE?  YOU KNOW, THE ONE THE TAXPAYERS PAY FOR?  #shame
thats your problem.  America hates this plan, why would that matter?
#GarbageCrap Linds, we know you're trying to sell us all out for a few extra Koch-Dollars. Can't you at least be honest about it?

#TrumpRussia - Here's the WHOLE story
Let's make it VIRAL

Make no mistake...We are at war - #TheResistance…
Break a leg! (You have insurance we pay for, so no biggie)
What about #PuertoRicoRelief ??????????!!!!!!!
Thank goodness their is not a "no lying" rule otherwise Republicans would have nothing to say.
As it stands I'm sure we'll hear the brainlessest and greatest hits like Obamacare kills jobs, lie. Obama job creation outstanding.
Fact: Premium inflation down and it is Republican resentment identity politicians that have intentionally sabotaged ACA and ppls health.
Then they'll say they do cover pre-existing conditions. Lie. That is garbage. Graham-Cassidy does not.
The GOP will do anything for the donors. Apparently that includes selling out basic American values as they support the "us vs them" POTUS.
Except John McCain. Values still have genuine meaning to him. Republican Maverick indeed.
I bet they won't ask you why you're trying to kill my dad.
Your lies have been revealed. Preexisting conditions will be priced out of health care. Your bill is evil.
#killthebill #GrahamCassidynovote
Just get over it. Your bill sucks!

BREAKING: Sen. Jason Voorhees (R-NJ) confirms GOP will be back to vote on new 'repeal & replace' this week regardless of what's in the bill. 
There will be no vote on Friday eve or Sat! Right?!? @SenateFloor @SenateMajLdr
Bust a vein, will ya?
