Trump is frustrated because he can't control everyone.  Oh...and he got caught.
Not likely but he seems to be controlling you quite well.  Will you have any fingertips left by 2024?
Very likely.  As long as the GOP are Patriots and not blind to 45's corruption, we will see 45 go down within 18 months.
There is NO proof Russia aided in any way to elect him.  And I don't remember any Russians at my polling station sooooooo....it's over.
Obstruction is corruption.  And the Russia thing is still in play.  Lots to investigate so nothing is over
Trump can pardon anyone at anytime including Flynn. That's not obstruction so why would "I hope u can let it go" be? Cry in your cereal now
Pardon is different from impeding and investigation.  Try again
A witch hunt is not an investigation but a pardon is a pardon regardless.  And then there's executive privilege soooo yes, try again.
True, it has been a ridiculous witch hunt against @POTUS by a bunch of unhinged Libs, which time will eventually show.
Think? What is "think?"
Soon Sandra will have to leave her #MAGA Twitter safe space.  I don't care if it turns out Trump is innocent, he has destroyed the @GOP
Yawn
I guarantee Reagan would hate Trump, friend.
Reagan was a product of his time as is Trump. I'm sure you would cry about Reagan too.
...except obstruct justice and abuse power.
Obstruct justice how exactly?
Fired the guy investigating Trump collusion with Russia and then bragged to the Russians about it. Go blow Putin, anti-American scum.
Lmao, obstruction.  He encouraged Comey to find justice. Comey's own words
Sure, while at the same time pressuring him NOT to investigate those associates. Trump supporters don't live in reality, anti-American scum.
No POTUS has ever been removed from office by impeachment. Trump won't for this #nothingburger
Great, so you admit that he's garbage but @GOP won't remove him because you're all pro-Putin anti-American scum. Thanks for being honest!
By the way, you do realize Trump has ultimate authority to shut down the investigation by pardoning Flynn & everyone in it, right?
no. He's frustrated because he knows they're going to find out about his money since real estate collapse
You have no idea how angry people are.
Based on my years of LE experience I believe Trumps actions are those of a GUILTY person!
But others around him did and he is their boss and hired them.  Where is the leadership that cares about America?
He doesn't care. He doesn't think about his actions. All he cares about is looking good in his eyes. He is deeply ill. He doesn't care!!!!!!

Isn't North Korea shooting shore to ship rockets kind of more important? He did nothing wrong move on
The new SK pres is an idiot; Krauthammer: "Maybe we should remove our troops, military support & foreign aid & left them deal with NK".
Geez, he asked director of FBI to stop investigating Flynn. Sure he didn't do anything wrong!!!!
Asking is not ordering, if it even happened.
Asking/ordering, potato/potato. Either one is wrong if Flynn had nothing to hide. Which now we all know he did.
Big difference!! These theories the libs pass around are quite entertaining
Trump "theoretically" fired him and then publicly stated it was about "this whole Russia thing". All theory.
Seems to be about how Trump's not under investigation yet that was never told. That's why Comey has become political. Should have been said
I just wish everyone would end this crap. Work on our country and protect it or else nothing else will matter. Both sides have issues
So silly. If American values mean anything, you can't expect people to let  obstruction of justice and possible treason slide.
I agree. But if anyone does an EMP or nuke it will secondary.
Do you really think Trump could lead in a catastrophe such as either of these two events? Think about that. Think hard.
Who do you think could?
I will not vote for you again. This is costing millions, trying to stop an agenda that the people voted for.
It would be GREAT if your fellow GOPs would support him and get some real work done instead of chasing after the Dems into rabbit holes.
I might give you my ear if they would come up with JUST ONE THING that they have substantiated & proved beyond a shadow. We're now bored.
I guess I misunderstood.  :)
Mr. Graham did you pledge your loyalty to Trump too? Sure sounds like it.

Why is The Swamp Sow giggling ?   Did she fart again?
I don't think he knows what he does or how it affects people. Just leave him out as much as u can. I am disgusted w the man.
He is guilty as sin.The citizens are NOT going to let it slide.He needs to be impeached along with his VP. Others will be voted out.
Bwahaha, just like he didn't grab them by the p%ssy.
It's all about power now. You all think you are above the people! Republicans are cowards.
We the people are being attacked by our own gov. because they don't like who we elected. What a fraud these hearings are!
He is frustrated cause he thinks he can get away with anything and nobody should question him. Remember "grab them by the ..." statement
POTUS is frustrated because his usual bullying and threatening behavior doesn't work in his current situation.  He is unfit to be Pres.
Then demand he release the tapes
Agree
So, why don't you, McCain, Sasse, Flake, & other RINO dolts support him and his agenda? You people make me sick to my stomach! Traitors all!
I had respect for you. It is gone. You've helped made this Country a laughingstock and are helping hand the keys over to Putin.
Maybe you could start supporting our President instead of sounding like a liberal. We are tired of your lack of support for this POTUS.
Still trying to tear away #Comey's legitimacy & mollify #POTUS's actions while ignoring the facts & implications of the actual act? #enabler
Then why does everyone keep lying, obstructing and pleading the 5th? Innocent people don't do that.
Tell that to Lois Lerner, Eric Holder & Obama administration.... Smfh
If you believe that, guess GOP should have fought harder to prosecute. But they are gone. Focus on Trump.
GOP went all in (to absurd levels);Obama WH/DOJ made sure nothin came of it. It's fine-Obama admin bout to get nailed 4 illegal surveillance
Right.  If it's true, they should but...me thinks it's Fox anti-Dem hysteria. Btw, I've always voted GOP.
Thank you for saying that out loud and on TV @LindseyGrahamSC !! More ppl in DC should listen to your voice of reason!
With statements like this the question becomes: what will you do to get to the truth and protect our democracy from Russia?
I'm sure he is! I'm fed up with all this crap and Communist Dimms.
Liberals will be crying again soon when nothing comes of there fake investigation
Idiot.
Were you looking in the mirror when you twitted that
Was that a question?
Resorting to being the grammar police because no crimes were committed by POTUS. #LibLogic
Correct.
duh!
Huh
No he's frustrated because he did do something been crooked all his life
Trump could clear this up if he played those pesky tapes. Have you heard them? If not get them. They really do exist don't they?
My God he asked Comey to drop the flynn investigation. If that's a good day for @realDonaldTrump  what's a bad day?
So Graham get your ass in gear and start supporting him and those of us who voted for him btw Graham who did you vote for?
The WORSE part is neither .@LindseyGrahamSC & .@SenJohnMcCain NEVER Stood up for President Trump.
And unfortunately it's not surprising
Graham I'd expect more of u morally. Just like I'd expect that of any human being
Really?? Just tried to intimidate the FBI director!! Also he's so ignorant it's hard to watch his nonsense!
If he didn't do anything he would move on, release his tax returns, get relatives out of the administration and become transparent.
Really Lindsey? God, could you pick a track. I respect you a little & then you do this kind of crap & it's back to the bottom of the pile!
. . . Or because he can't run government like mafia.
True he has no clue about anything he does!!
Great argument here for #TermLimits
......that anyone can PROVE. Come to think of it........just like PUTIN. #TrumpRussia
Except...
What a thankless job, usually only the corrupt want it. POTUS only wants to do good for all and they just won't let him.
But Lindsey claimed he did and Russia did.... Liars the lot of ya
What world are you in?
Trump can't help the fact that he was born with a golden spoon in his mouth; but, he can help self-promoting himself for doing nothing.
I still support Trump from South Carolina.
You're killing me, Sen Graham. He tried to bully the FBI director. What's right about that?

#TrumpObstruction: Began with a dog whistle to Russia. Trump knows, Flynn knows of Trump's involvement. https://youtu.be/N1MbFesSC7M  via @YouTube
Sen don't be frustrated Fred was too that's why he sent him to military school it's ok Trumpster's got a great  and a born leader
Being a little silly sir but so overjoyed u gave him your new phone number he needs your expertise as a wonderful senior senator ect 
..Who did? within the cabinet .why isn't the potus, coming forth with his knowledge of what's going on.
Why are you still sticking up for Potus, come on?
Come on!!!
graham sucking on crac koke.
Except obstruct justice and hire Russian collaborators?
45 is a man who only does bad things
Yea and you lindsey and your rhino buds have not stood up for Pres Trump-- you all wear the shame on all this !!!!!!!
Wow Graham is correct partially...trump hasn't done anythin...PERIOD.
WHAT?
Where was Lindsey Graham tough talk: Obama allow Russia take US Leadership role: Syria & Iraq/world as 1000s civilians killed w/ chem-wpns?
I think you suffer from SDRS=self delusional rational syndrome..no I know it..your thoughts sir?
If this was a Shakespearean play, it would be called, "Much Ado About Nothing!"
Yes, @realDonaldTrump didn't do anything...at all...not him...never. He just "looks" like he is guilty.  He just "acts" like he is guilty. 
You mean he didn't obstruct justice by firing Comey which he said he did? @LindseyGrahamSC , please collect your pants.
Didn't do anything but clear a room to try to shut down an investigation into an associate that could implicate him.
Please Senator Graham. USA over party. Slowly he's making America ungreat. Character matters. #doctorwhocares
Maybe things you don't want coming out of the closet?
Why do you continue to protect this man, what's he know about you Lindsey, humm?
All of you know...didn't Anyone in the closed Hearings ask Comey if Trump was under investigation?
Left is a witch hunt nothing burger, and they cannot stand it!
Lindsay Graham is an anti Trump Thug~
You just said on Fox News Trump wasn't elected to pull FBI director aside. He actually was elected for those reasons. Businessmen do that
So- you have made your decision before investigation is complete?  Why waste time on hearings?
Investigation ongoing.  How can u blanket stmt this when u don't have all the facts
Comrade Trump is frustrated because we have 3 branches of government and this is not a monarchy. You supporting this insult to America? SAD
No sir. He knows he did. Pay attention.
It's a little early to say that my friend. Let's wsit for all the facts lestvwr look foolish.

Are you smoking crack? Trump asked the head of the FBI to stop an investigation.
My gosh, they must have a lot if pictures of you with young boys it something. Stop, just stop. You are looking so bad.
You truly have sold your soul to the devil! 
Please do NOT repeal the ACA. #Trumpcare is no care at all and why are you all hiding it from us? People on this site call to stop this.
Remember SC voters...your Senator is "all in".
They live in bizarro world
I am so very disappointed in you. You are in the wrong side of history. And you will be remembered for this. For shame. :(
If Congress cared about the American people, they would not have excempted themselves from Obama care. Let the special counsel do his job.
Country. Before. Party.  Do the right thing!
two years of malicious slandering by press, gov'mt, and talking heads?  Having to proof innocence because the already judged you guilty?
Smart to break away from McCain and McMullen

He'd be much more frustrated by federal judges (of all people) NOT letting him do what he should to protect the American people.
And how did Trump bribe you to say he didn't do anything? You really can't believe that . . .
It's about time you stood up for our President.  I have been very ashamed of you and your actions lately.  Start to act like GOP not Dem!
You reap what you sow. birther-ism, no public disclosure of tax returns = golden shower w/ Russian hookers via dossier by MI-6 agent. Sad.
When's this fool getting out of D.C.???
Which one?
@travlyngirl @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS - WAS THAT LINDSEY GRAM SAYING SOMETHING NICE ABOUT TRUMP?
Wise up, Graham. Your statement is an #opinion based upon your #assumption on this topic. We'll find out if #Trump is #guilty then #impeach.
Yep I do believe you are right.
Wow way to wait till the hearings and investigations? You will do anything he says
Whatt?"He didn't do anything"? trump gave Classified Info to Russian Spies-Treason! trump asked FBI let this one go-Obstruct Justice, on&on
@Smith11Vicki @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS Are you on the outs with McCain??? Better clue him in.
It's sad when we are choosing Graham over McCain but he seems to be much more reasonable. McCain seems to be corrupted.
I don't think you believe that--why all the obstruction if he did nothing wrong? Why not just get ahead of it? You know better.
No shit Sherlock. We had to get u on @FoxNews to tell us that 
It appears that @LindseyGrahamSC  has had a change of heart about @POTUS
He blows in the breeze...supports him one day, flips the next ad infinitum!
Oh please. He does something illegal every day!
Yeah good day for @POTUS - with that 34% approval rating. More Americans support his impeachment at this point 
OMG ROTFLMMFAO!!
...and we are frustrated because there are rinos who are not supporting our @POTUS or the policy we voted on. We are disgusted.
YES - HE DID DO SOMETHING.
@mlong42947 @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS Well DUH..& wtp r frustrated & angry that Rs in congress chose 2 sabotage our @POTUS  shameful
He hasn't been acting like it.
Lindsey your panties are showing. Man up! Girl up! Whatever you prefer. Country first.
Just like our Political Prisoners (Jason Woods) feel, so let's help each other. Corruption
Lindsey - it's time to retire. You used to be an upstanding senator. No longer true
Lindsey Graham speeks out of both sides of his mouth. What happens in the dark will come to light...Russia owns Graham! #Traitor lil witch
The President told the director of the FBI to lay off his close aide, lied about doing so and fired the director when he persisted.
Graham, I thought you were smarter than that. Just another dumb repuck!
Sold your soul to R Murdoch and Trump.  Im CRUSHED.  I thought u were a true patriot.
trump is posses that once elected he wasn't immediately loved by the whole country. He expected those against him to back him when he won.
He sure doesn't behave like an innocent man,   doesn't behave like he cares about Democracy, doesn't behave like someone speaking the truth.
Sir you just won six years. Why are you selling your soul to a dirtbag, narcistic border line neurotic? #resist @KeithOlbermann @JoeNBC
If he didn't do anything he is sure going about it the wrong way
Finally.
He did nothing wrong & Comey could have calmed the Russian narrative but he didn't, & Repubs did a poor job of have @POTUS's back! #MAGA
Lindsey if that is true why is he trying to obstruct the investigation? The president and truth or honesty are complete strangers.
Exactly, if you or I were target of a drip drip leak campaign to destroy your hard earned reputation you'd do exactly the same thing
Would flustrate me to
Come on Lindsey. Some of us had faith in you. For shame
#LOL #LOLFOX
Then he should man up let it play out if innocent rule of law will prevail or does @GOP not believe in justice anymore?
He frustrated because he is GUILTY!

#TrumpLeaks Docs: Sen Lindsey Graham's super PAC took $800,000 from a pro-Putin Ukrainian businessman in 2015

…
well don't rep party stand behind him he is our president
Of course he didn't do anything. And I'm the pope.
obstruction of justice, it's like littering or jaywalking 

#ComeyStatement

Literally everything @realDonaldTrump and his administration have done over the past several months indicate the opposite of this notion.
Senator Graham votes with the Republicans. He is not going to help DNC, I am in his state and call him all the time. His responses are 
Well...I call his office anyways 
It's not just about what Trump did or didn't.  The Russians interfered in our elections.  Do you even care? Did the Trump campaign help?

#MoveOn #NothingBurger #CNNisFakeNews #MAGA  #Covfere 
Laughably treasonous.
Now you just disappointed me. I thought you were one of the smarter ones
Ya think??
What's @GrahamBlog  angle lately is he looking for reelection with his recent good words for @POTUS
So does Graham work for trump because unless he does, this is an outrageous statement?
The Senator is spot-on!
.@LindseyGrahamSC Flip/Flop, Tic/Toc make up your mind! #MAGA
You are pathetic, Lindsey. You have drunk all the Kool-Aid. Shame on you. In a courtroom, ignorance of the law is not a valid defense.
Mr. Graham you have done a complete 180 over the last two weeks regarding Trump. 

Explain why?
Who can blame him! Thats been their plan all along tho. THE DEMOCRATS ARE DEVILS
If he were innocent he'd be DARING Russia to show the fake recordings of him & hookers.
He'd talk about Putin as he does the Mayor of London
Cheetolini insults Americans with vitriol, shoves European leaders, disparages entire nations, BUT NEVER SAYS ONE NEGATIVE WORD ABOUT PUTIN.
@capt_tripps66 @jaketapper @donnabrazile 
Simply CANNOT BELIEVE THAT @LindseyGrahamSC is GOING TO SACRIFICE HIS INTEGRITY TO DEFEND @POTUS !
@capt_tripps66 @jaketapper @donnabrazile @LindseyGrahamSC 
It is EVIDENT that @realDonaldTrump attempted NUMEROUS TIMES TO INTERFERE W/ FBI!
Those trying to DEFEND THE HORRENDOUS BEHAVIOR OF @POTUS  ARE MAKING THEMSELVES LOOK CORRUPT & RIDICULOUS! Used to RESPECT @LindseyGrahamSC
Lindsey you turned into just the self serving blob of a man I expected you to. You are a coward, a liar, and a jack boot for Trump!
How can SC re-elect this monster over and over again ??
Bahahaha.... That's rich Senator!
Trump "knows" a lot of things, like that Obama was born in Kenya, & that he had the biggest inaugural crowd of all time.
