Luther Strange is a fine man and class act.  Now, let’s move forward  together for the benefit of Alabama and our great nation.
Congratulations to the more frightening of two terrifying choices on being chosen by apparently deranged voters in #ALSenate race.
You congratulate a racist bigot-a former judge removed because he put his religious bigotry above the law
How in the world could you support this man.
@LindseyGrahamSC  Ditto.
You should be ashamed of yourself..... but sadly, you won't be....
U have got 2 be kidding Lindsey. A man who doesnt believe in the rule of law? Also saw u respond to a Russian Bot regarding McCain. Strike 2
You mean disgraced former judge who was removed from the bench for not following constitutional mandates?
Is he still a judge? Pretty sure its not a good idea to call him a judge after he was removed from that office, right?
Really @LindseyGrahamSC ?? A homophobic and racist?  You're testing your friendship
Yeah... great!! Soon you all will move us back to the dark ages!!
America is being destroyed... thanks to those of you working 4 us!!
He's a bit much.
Understated, but true!
#crackerass #racist fool. Didn't his ancestor #killlincoln ??
Been a LOOOOONG time since he practiced law. Maybe he's forgotten how it all works. Lol
He's a lawless, conspiracy believing, extremist whacko! He should not put one foot into the Capitol building. Roy Moore a Senator? Insane!!!
Roy Moore is insane
So, you support a man who equates being gay with bestiality?
ITS TIME TO RUN THE NWO OUT OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY, RIGHT INTO JAIL. GIT IR DONE. YOU ARE ON YOUR LAST WARNING.
you do know he is a lunatic right?
You do have strange friends!
So Lindsey Graham was not for Trump's pick, the one that you all rallied for,  and now you're flip-flopping just Trump.
I thought better of you, Senator Graham.  Any judge who violates laws is dangerous and unstable.
It didn't matter who won this one.. President Trump said he would support whomever won..
Just what the Senate needs, another kook/O\
Really so you are now against the gay community?
Did you know he doesn't know what DACA is?
Wow @LindseyGrahamSC wtf
oh, for crying out loud! He's a CRWNJ. Do not normalize him. The GOP has to find some backbone. I've faith in you. Step up
What is happening to you? Have you gone "bat-shit crazy"?
You back racists. You back homophobes. You tried to take people's healthcare away without even understanding how it works. How do you sleep?
Another racist running towards the Senate. Sad indeed
The GOP has gone full nut job.  This is their perfect candidate.
Haha that's not what you're saying inside.
He's a racists and it's proven!! This country won't come together when you endorse someone like him who keeps the division going. #DOYOURJOB
Miss hearing from dems... waiting for common sense to be in power again!!! Vote goes to all dems now!!
So what is it you respect about Moore - his contempt for the constitution - for the separation of church and state?
He'll be good company for you.
So you support a racist candidate? I bet McCain won't. The GOP is rapidly becoming a hate group because of people like you.
Be careful with your congrats. The judge is coming for you all.  He wants to burn it all to the ground just like Bannon.
Proving again you have really lost your mind! PATHETIC Lindsey  Next you'll be telling us you're STRAIGHT
Brush up on your 10 commandments, this guy's a stickler, and apparently well-armed. Congrats BTW on your aborted health bill this week!
Another crazy man thinking God speaks directly to him being put in a position where he is supposed to have NO relationship with a Religion.
Fantastic judge who doesn't abide by the law.  No problem there.
You stand with him?  Wow, I almost thought I liked you for a while there....what a sad disappointment you have become.
Are you kidding me????
gross
@LindseyGrahamSC do you agree with #RoyMoore that #LGBT persons should be jailed? If not, how can you support his extreme views?
Exactly!  You #RINO's are going!!!!  You're next!!!! #RINO #Traitor
What has happened to your moral compass? I used to think you were a good guy. No more
Why would you congratulate a person with such narrow views. "We the people" include more people than just white Christians.
He is a pig brand you supporting him says alot about you
Oh you must be so happy (she said with sarcasm!) #asslicker
http://time.com/4953360/alabama-senate-race-roy-moore-quotes/ … @MooreSenate thinks homosexuality should be outlawed & Muslims banned from serving in Congress. U support this guy?
Yup, hurray for the Klu Klux beating the Klan!  This former R is hoping the Ds take Alabama.
you don't pick your friends well
Seriously? You of all people praising a man who refused to adhere to and support the United States Constitution. And a homophobe to boot!
Wonder what Charles Price is thinking today.
Strange lost because he was part of the establishment. Do your job or we’ll replace you too.
Can he bring his gun onto the senate floor?
He is such a good guy. He will makes us great again like in the civil rights era.
He will go down next year
Moore is a horror human being.  Jesus is weeping.
NOw let's vote in Jones
He is a birther who believes  Ellison should lose his seat because he's Muslim. You are not going to be remembered kindly in history books.
Interesting, Senator your congratulating be convicted human being. Convicted of the find the rule of law. pardon by a illegitimate president
He's a birther & thinks 9/11 was God's punishment for HOMOSEXUALITY. Will the last sane person to leave @GOP turn off the lights?
Lindsey, are you a racist too.  I guess I. Gave you too much credit.
Nuttier than a fruitcake...congrats republicans
Senator, I know you're a good man but why congratulate a racist, homophobic bigot? Moore is not a good man.
Huh.  Read this:  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/the-gops-stockholm-syndrome_us_59cb8c06e4b0b99ee4a9c94b?section=us_contributor …
GOP has gone cra cra.
No. He dishonored the judiciary and was removed. You should put country over party here. If you do not--and he wins--he will hurt your party
Really? A man who pulls out a gun at a rally? He’s not sane. You’re losing the GOP to Bannon & his crazies
Talk about a race to the radical right wingtip !  Ask yourself, are you an anti-gay, anti First Amendment theocrat Lindsey? #Scuzcrat
Roy Moore is exactly what is currently wrong Washington. The far right is trying to take this country back to a time that was shameful.
Really Lindsay. That's who you're going to back. Have you listened to him. SAD
Have you read some of the things he said? Do you know his history? I have  followed your Sen career for years. You are better than this!!!!
Great. Another unhinged gun toting religious zealot nut job in the Senate. Republican Party is officially a disgrace.
Will he bring his gun to congress? More division is always the answer for you people.
I'm sure the KKK and their fellow travelers, like you, are gratified by this victory for racism and bigotry.
You are kidding, right? The man is a cartoon bigot come to life.
The GOP throws it's support behind senate candidate Roy Moore.  A man who called 9/11 divine punishment for America turning away fro God.
The GOP throws it's support behind senate candidate Roy Moore.  A man who called 9/11 divine punishment for America turning away from.
You are kidding. The GOP has lost its collective mind. This is not the way to go forward and lead this country.
Lindsay you continue to pander to your crumbling party. Do you think another gun-waving unhinged rogue is helpful? Be careful what u ask for
A fine man - racist? Hey Lindsey he's anti gay too, doesn't that offend you?
Just what this country needs - another mentally ill politician!
You know he hates gay people right?
Time to back @GDouglasJones. Besides running for the seat, Jones is the man who prosecuted this case. #patriot
Seriously Lindsey .. You are happy for Freaking Roy Moore? He's more interested in baptizing ppl & preaching than being a govt leader #STOP
You are a fool to  congratulate a fool.
If u side w this wackado instead of the Dem in the elec to get ur ill-thought out G-C plan passed then that would be truly pitiful.
Roy Moore is a racist and religious whack job.
he's insane
Yeah what a nice guy 
Sir he's a homophobe and islamaphobe. Stop it like we don't have enough idiot racists in the capitol? #goldstardad
Are you kidding me Lindsey??? I have lost my respect for you as you support Moore.
No wonder so many in AL are in such straits when they elect crazies like Moore. It gets hard to be sympathetic to their problems.
It's way past time to do something about this president. Why turn your head and deny? He is ripping this country apart bit by bit. Really.
Really? Saw him hold his gun up in the air and slam specific groups of people.......what a man! I'm sure you're proud.
...And now welcome aboard; come help us fuck up the nation for the middle class.
Jesus told Simon Peter to put away the sword but Moore pulls out a gun on stage. Last night he talked about God.
Yes we thought he was going to pull out a Bible. In stead he pulled out a gun on stage. Christianity is being hijacked by Republicans daily.
You're "just kidding" right??
One shouldn't be able to use the "judge" title if one was kicked off the bench.
Then why has he been in  soooo much trouble??
#Hillary-lious your far right party has truly hacked the #GOPGongShow #OnceaBirtheralwaysaRACIST wins, again.
He might be crazier than trump
Doug jones needs to win and be supported to be healing to Alabama. Moore is another white supremacist with hateful, evil law breaking skills
All of you should have spoken up when Trump began WH w/his kids & not removing himself from his business. Now hell to pay.
Congratulations to you also for trying to solve the Obamacare mess.Let's hope you and other like minded Senators can come up with a solution
Another white racist mean spirited law breaking man to win a GOP race for the wrong side of American values
Great. Congratulate another deranged R. into your fold.
Even if he won't officiate at your wedding when you find the man of your dreams. Gives me the vapors!
Aren't we proud as a nation to promote & congratulate bigot. Just like Trump. You have turned.
Don't put yourself in league with this guy, you're better than that. You keep stabbing me in the back but I still think there's hope for you
2 horrible choices, ugh
@GOP @POTUS @WhiteHouse HEY DONALD HIW DO YOU LIKE MOORE NOW LMAO
The guy who calls people yellow and red? You stand with such a racist? That is the problem in our country NO SPINE
You congratulate a homophobic racist man? The GOP is forever tainted by racism Xenophobia, and homophobia. Shameful
He just as crazy as all you republicans
Roy Moore is an existential threat to civil society, and in particular the rights of religious and sexual minorities. He must be defeated
This guy is pretty bad
You may regret saying congratulations to Judge Moore inSouthCarolina he is more like HonorableSenatorJohn McCain than you think!Boycott DJT!
1. He's in Alabama.
Supporting a chap that has been removed from the bench twice for constitutional grounds is making American fascist again.
He's a lunatic and you want him in the Senate with you? Just because of the R next to his name? Maybe grow a spine and speak out against him
Chaos,  ie  Russian  candidate??
Another white supremacist! Shameful for the #GOP Party.  Alabama must come out n vote against this man n against  white supremacy !
It was GOP civil war. How is that hard fought?!
You're congratulating a man like #RoyMoore. Wth is wrong with you???? #GOPIsdeadtome
Ex-Judge...fixed that for you
He was kicked off the bench for denying marriage licenses to gay couples!  Really??? Congratulations???
Sen. Graham this is not type of candidate I would expect you to welcome
HEY-O
I hate this guy. A lot. More than Quentin Tarantino.
He deserves to be hated.
He's the worst. My dad and Caleb were at the Town hall where he just yelled at his constituents for adking him questions.
ewww he is a creep
Thanks to his racist and extreme views, he'll hopefully get his a** kicked. But, hey, go ahead and endorse him Lindsey. Your GOP = KKK. Sad.
Moore brings the Christian Sharia even harder than Pence. Hard pass.
Are you for real? You are losing my respect.  You have also lost my vote. #VoteSC
I cannot believe you support #RoyMoore in any way. He is a #fascist #ALSenate
Oh Lord, you're kidding. He's an unqualified, racist, Islamaphobic, faux- Christian madman with horrific ideas. Only in Alabama. Hopefully.
And homophobe. Horrific homophobe.
If you credibility wasn't already gone this tweet would have done it.
WTH is happening to the GOP? We're handing it over to loonitics. We've gone off the rails. Help get our Country back on track. Country > GOP
Has this become a parody account? Disgraced former judge Roy Moore is everything that’s wrong with today’s GOP.
It was race of which GOP candidate sucked less. It was obviously a hard choice.
It was no fight at all. He’s coming to fix the establishments like you!
Lindsey, do you really think Bannon & his merry band of grifters & ghouls aren't coming for you? They HATE establishment GOP. You're toast.
You really want that kind of crazy in the Senate?
Moore is an extremist! What happened to ur party?
Senator---integrity. This guy is a birther who disregarded the Supreme Court. You know better
you were quoted by @ABC
Have u no human decency  I used to think that u did but u turned into a piece of 
#resignAndGoFuckYourself
He promotes hatred towards innocent Americans. He's an embarrassment to the party. Why are the Rs handing the party over to extremists? 
Anyone trump endorses is like the kiss of death! Anything he says, people will do the opposite! It's just what he brings out in people! Hate
U know POTUS supported Strange as a favor 2 your Maj Ldr... bet that never happens again.
Disgusting
Wow you all are digging deep these days. One more republican loon, a new "dotard".
Your pals are next on the chopping block.
I DON'T AGREE WITH MUCH YOU SAY, LINDSEY, BUT I WILL JOIN THIS CELEBRATION TORWARDS A RENEWED "RULE-OF-LAW" RE-INSTATED INTO "Mob Hill" D.C.
Another fruit loop Rep joins the Senate and you wonder why the situation is so bad? 
That must have been hard for you. Your buddy Flake is next!
Don't change the subject. We defeated your bill. We've been in defense too long. Time to go on offense. Starting with #Medicare4All 

@LindseyGrahamSC MAJOR SUCK UP quit your #complicity with @realDonaldTrump Administration of Criminals
Another very fine GOP

Shut up and go home. Please.
Really Senator?  You and Captain Tinygun have nothing in common.
Birds of a feather. Let them flock together anywhere but D.C.
Judge? Wasn't he fired from the bench?
Make sure he brings his pistol with him to Washington!
Perhaps the single worst election result ever.  Oh, wait . . . SECOND worst.
If you are welcoming that crackpot who thinks it should be illegal to BE gay, then I have no further use for you. Good bye.
Ouch, I bet that stings!!!
So would you be willing to say Roy Moore is the face of the new Republican Party?
He’s anti-Muslim, anti-gay theocrat who believes 9/11 was punishment for American godlessness.Twice kicked off judicial bench for extremism.
Really Lindsey. This is your Republican Party. Add another whack-a-do to the roster. Fits in perfectly.
If he's a good man he'll stand out like a poppy in the dead grass of the GOP.

Plz RT this so all those dumbass Republicans know Dems have NO intention of working w/them! https://twitter.com/sengillibrand/status/912837218208755712 …
Liar
It's time for you and the rest of the swamp monsters to be replaced. #TermLimits
Thanks to #DotardDon for helping him out by supporting Big Strange Luther!
This should put you on notice. You're part of the swamp that needs draining. #DrainTheSwamp! The #SilentMajority of the #AmericanPeople are speaking out.
Pow, pow
Roy Moore is a heinous bigot. That you promote him for the Senate over his Dem opponent, who is a decent person, means you SUCK.
You’ve got to be kidding me. You’re applauding insanity?
