We lost faith on you.All u care is tax in ur pocket You are responsible also for the killings of Americans due aca negligence by GOP
No thanks. I don't watch #FakeNews Senator.
Please investigate!
Russian bribery plot uncovered before Obama approved nuke deal with Moscow... http://bit.ly/2zuQwE5 
You couldn’t pay me to watch FoxNews.  That crap will rot your brain.
I’m never watching you again Lindsay. I was a fan even tho I’m a dem but I suspect your tongue has something orange on it.
To hear more of your bullshit no thanks

 you comrade
I'm sure McCain is very much disappointed in you and your recent behavior. Find yourself a good woman and settle down.
nah
How is Puerto Rico doing ?
SC  will no longer waste time listening to Lindsey party before people Graham.
This one will not either Gail.
Thank you @EdwardManley .
Fox News, Fake News.
SC health ins rates went up an extra 20% this year because BCBS knew the subsidies were going away if you kept the subs only 10%. Thank you
Sorry, I only watch Chris Wallace and Shep! Good try though!
Lindsey Graham is an old fool with no credibility; a Trump ass wipe contributing to demise of GOP
What does Trump have on you? Selling your soul on earth?  Not worth the price of admission to Heaven ...
Who cares? You've got nothing I want to hear. You drank the kool-aid.
Then over to RT ?
Yea not going to happen 
So what Kompromat do they have on you sir?  You are definitely singing out of the GOP songbook lately.  Sad to see.
Go away you little whimp! No one cares what you do anymore.
Nope
Any opinion of the CHIP funding for your state Senator? Approx 80,000 children are at risk in SC. Shall we blame this on OBAMA too?
Nobody cares.  You're just another Trump enabler.
Stop trying to be Trump's butt buddy. Go search for your huevos while you're out.
More lip service nothing more...
Sorry Lindsey Graham won't tune into @FoxNews it's #FakeNews
not a fan of Fox News.  sorry.  enjoy the easy questions.
No can do.
Sellout!
Already know what you will say-pure party line,no thought or reality. Are you planning to hop the POTUS 2020 primary clown train?(=bus2016 )
Why waste time. Try for golf pro, since you have better chance and a place to practice thanks to POTUS45!
Thanks but no thanks
No thanks. I have bullshit overload.
Nope.  We don't watch state run TV.  Reminds me of No. Korea.
No thanks
In between golf and screwing millions out of health care, glad you can take the time to f$@k the middle class on taxes too!
Leave fox and go talk with the other networks - you don't have to hide their with @potus
Sorry, but I refuse to watch Faux News.  Sen Graham, you should avoid that channel as well - Fox is #FakeNews
Pass!
Trump Job Approval: Approve 36% (-2); Disapprove 59% (+3). Get the full trend http://on.gallup.com/2sDbfoE  .
Why don't you go on a real news station Fox is as phoney  as Trump..And that's  really  phoney   LOL
Why is SHE screaming her name? WHY ALL CAPS @HARRISFAULKNER?
FCK YOU SELLOUT  #resist #impeachTrump #WorsePOTUSever #TrumpRussia
I'll be lying with @HARRISFAULKNER in all caps, on Fox News in just a few minutes. Can't wait!

/ fixed 

Unearthed footage shows Donald Trump squeezing and kissing a woman while talking about offering a job to a 'beautiful' teenager 
Can you put that knife in Mcconnell's back on LIVE TV?
No thanks you
Remember Republicans will still carry a majority in 2018 you may just not be one of them unless you start getting things done. #2018

Unearthed footage shows Donald Trump squeezing and kissing a woman while talking about offering a job to a 'beautiful' teenager 
No thanks he is a Trump sell out.
Now we have no healthcare. You r the party of reckless heartless braindead incapable leaders
Is ~she~ willing to ask you why you wanted to kill my dad?
Try to get thru it w/o bashing our POTUS if that's possible for you. #2018
@jack @TwitterSafety @TwitterSupport @Twitter #BotAccount

The fact that a smart man like you keeps going on that network makes me ? your motives in every other aspect of your governing, Lindsey.
Please call out trump for being unbalanced
#IMPEACHTRUMPNOW
I’ll be sure to avoid that thanks 
Nobody cares! UR A NEO FACIST NAZI TRAITOR! Putin's puppet & suck up to DT!RESIGN LOSER! Cover up is worse than the crime!Aiding & abetting!
Can you please address Harrods security clearance? Like maybe why the Fuck he still he has it!!!

Susan Collins: Trump is "affecting the ability of vulnerable people to receive health care right now." 

If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
Trump will Speaker through his Dumby Puppet Graham.

1/Trump's move to stop CSR payments to insurance companies hits Trump-won (red + most purple) states harder than blue. 
That’s too bad!
Talking about invoking 25th Amendment, I hope.
no thanks.
And blow smoke  up your ass never trumper. Just saying
I don't watch propaganda state tv so no thanks
No. You traitor.

Can’t you get air time on a real news broadcast?
Please don’t talk about Obamacare as according to @realDonaldTrump it no longer exists. It’s now #TrumpCare
Of course you will.
NO THANKS ASS KISSER!
NO THANKS!!!
No thanks
