Please do that AND take the nuclear codes away from our insane @POTUS
And deny racketeering, money laundering, espionage by POTUS
NK is NK. The wild card here is the unqualified, mentally deficient man in the WH. You know it.
Lindsey, you speak out of both sides of your mouth, don't think we don't notice.....
Best to do that via diplomatic negotiation, not wild, reckless threats.
Congress MUST deny @realDonaldTrump the ability to punch nuclear buttons! Good god man, as my Senator, I'm begging u 2 make Congress ACT NOW
He doesn't punch the buttons genius. Congress has to declare war!! You're all just a bunch a pacifists who ignore real problems!! 
The President can push the button whenever he decides to. Only safety comes from refusing an illegal order on the part of Generals.
Incorrect!! I don't know where you're getting your information from, but he's the commander in chief and needs congressional approval!!
You have been in the Senate long enough to have proposed useful legislation on effective solutions to this problem.  Where Why didn't you?
Why am I feeling obsessed with whatever Lindsey says lately? Maybe because it makes the most sense.
HOW? THEY KEEP IT TO REMAIN SOVERIGN, This will not end well demanding anything
Without dropping bombs on NK - Diplomacy Works - Hearts and Minds
Tell us how you can do this without starting a nuclear war. To bad you just can't cry n whine about Obama anymore isn't it
You need to man up and work with the president
Yes
It's been a week since the sanctions passed. All this war talk w/ millions of lives on the line is crazy. Get rid of the lunatic in the WH
Too late.
How would you suggest we go about doing that? I can't think of an intervention that would not be an act of war!
You've been in Congress for 22 years. Why didn't you do anything to stop North Korea before now?
The best thing you can do is not fight crazy with crazy.
So... you're saying that we should be able to DENY North Korea the right to "bear arms"?! What happened to self-protection?
How ? You guys can't pass health care and you have had 7 years to figure that out.
Senator Graham a little to late I would think
And how would you do that without jeopardizing the South Koreans and the US military stationed there?
My goodness you're all a bunch of freaking pacifists that ignore real problems!! How do you think NK got the nukes in the first place? 
Yeah how? There is no military option and if you press Kim harder he will pass nuclear material to terrorists with no fingerprints. #resist
"we"? you and the other lip-service fiends deep in your bunkers? sorry, millions who die, was stuck at work that day. LICK THOSE BOOTS, BOY!
You allowed them to have it when you didnt shut Clinton or Obama down! You are part of the problem!
It's actually goes back to Pres Bush ,not Pres  Clinton or Pres Obama
Clinton negotiate deal in 1994 2 provide 2 nuclear reactors & heavy fuel oil to NK in exchange for NK giving up nuclear weapons program
THAT'S WHERE FRODO & CHERNOBYL COMES IN...
Stop. Graham. Stop. You and trump and your cronies pick up guns and go fight. Leave us never trumpers out of it.
Before anything else at all is done, Congress needs to get a handle on POTUS with no capacity.  No success without doing that first.
Public Provocation is just plain stupid.
Then why did you let them get that way under the clintons and obama
and just how do we do that. Ask Obama to apologize
I think they're being supplied by Russia and China. Let's not bite off more than we can swallow
Deny them the ability ,,, exactly how do we do that?
How come u r all full of fire now? What hv u done 4 the last 8 yrs beside obstruct a legitimately vtd in prez not like the pos we hv now?
More important, first remove USA's mentally ill President and take away his power to control the nuclear codes!
...and your proposal to do that? There's a billion people right near them. You can't just bomb the shit out of them. Ideas, Cowboy?
Yah, like 20 years ago. This is what negotiating with the enemy gets you!
This didn't just happen over night.  You & the rest of the world LET this happen over many years.  Should have taken him or his father out.
Interesting that all you care about is the mainland.
And what do you propose we do, sir? Sanctions, done that. Are you saber rattling? Clean up Afghanistan and Iraq first.
We have to deal with a North Korean bully to the world with bully tactics.
We need to deny them they're very existence, they've got a gun pointed at us!!!
Trump will do whatever puts money in his pocket. Weapons make the wealthy even richer.
Senator Graham, with all the resources available to this great country, is our best option to go to war?
Question: what specifically would you suggest we do to stop them? @LindseyGrahamSC
That sounds lovely but how? By killing millions of South Koreans who happen to be in the way?
Why not send people, to kill Kim?
Who are we, to say who develops What? We cannot mind our own business. THAT is the problem. We need to mind our own business.
are we all so dispensable to you?
@LindseyGrahamSC what profit to you is greater than country?Not "trump country" or alt right or evangical country, but the whole of the US.
We should deny the current individual in the Oval Office the right to speak on matters PERIOD. This is not a Bruce Willis thriller film
What is the legal background that allows you to do this!
Let's hope Trump doesn't read the nuclear codes either.
Domestically we need to focus on saving our country from the farce in the White House. Real leader will diplomatically fix NK problem.
Yeah because, Pakistan is the only unstable country we allow to have nukes!!  That makes sense.
Lindsey usually I am with you but what are you smoking this morning. Who would you prefer to droping a nuke on us???
Squeeze them by their balls. No use of nukes.
At what cost?
We need to deny all of their abilities...
Graham - why don't you get a sex change and become a man, then enlist. Your talk or preemptive war is awfully chickenhawkish.
Please sponsor a bill to deny Donald Trump the use of his twitter account.  He is a liability
NK has a nuclear arsenal? Potentially #classified & #bad info. They barely have fuel for their reactor #theoreticalphyisiciststrikesagain
Is that satire?
"We" (being YOU)should have done THAT years ago.
That should have been done 10 years ago.
How do we do that, Lindsey?
Remember South Korea are our friends.. we do not want anything to happen to them because of that Gorilla in North Korea.
Umm. ...too late
Since Trump is a genius in his own mind and thinks was able to renovate and revitalize nuclear arsenal in 6mths, NK must think they did too.
Ok!  What's your plan?  I'll wait.
Of course deny them and ASAP.. but try not to be egged on by this North Korean brat. He's a an imbecile with a weapon. Dangerous
It's already too late sir. What's the immediate strategic solutions to this new threats now?
Those that have the power to get thump out of office need to do it ASAP or NOW before he gets us all nuked!!
Thanks captain obvious.
Please  no war in Asia Pacific region. It is a beautiful region sans North Korea. 2/2
My homeland country, Philippines, is beautiful with peace-loving, lovely human beings. I pray for her to remain in peaceful time always.
Isn't it a little too late for that?
All talk no action...
POTUS before end of this term will be forced to go to war. It will be a preemptive strick to minimize Alies lose. @realDonaldTrump
Then send your kids to war....oh yah.
Little late there Sparky
Don't think we will...denial isn't an option. Need 2find another solution or resolve...mayb not match their lingo/threats but match arsenal?
We should have denied you a seat in the United States Senate.  It's called diplomacy, do you God damn job and save our youth's lives!

Does the price you're willing to pay for this include tens of millions killed in South Korea, North Korea, and Japan?
Kim-Trump. Trump is a danger to USA
It's Trump reckless tweeting & rhetoric about NoKo that has escalated things.
Delusion? Read Trump's unhinged tweets & comments. T is as crazy as NK leader & ruined the credibility of USA
#PutinBot
Quit being such a war monger.  China's not going to help, they don't want the NK refugees, this is a world war you're talking about. Careful
We should deny you your Senate seat. You voted to repeal our healthcare. WE WONT FORGET! #RESISTANCE
Lindsay that could lead to nuclear war
So what's your answer? Star Wars? Bomb the hell out of them? Have @realDonaldTrump tweet at N. Korea and China? Have S. Korea invade?
"Fire and Fury" by any other name....ya think saying "nuke em" in a polite, round- about way resonates better, Lindsey? Deny them how, sir?
How would "we" do this?
No we should follow the constitution and not be the damn police for the world
@JACM0313 @realDonaldTrump  With all due respect Senator, how in hell can we deny them from growing their arsenal? They've been doing this..
for years. #nitwitTrump should accept the fact that they now have their arsenal and go from there. He has no strategy, just a big mouth!
If I may suggest, Senator. It's better to reply to your own tweet. It keeps the entire thread together when you click on any one tweet.
Standing up to Trump would go a long way toward making us safe. Time for you and GOP to put country before party. Grow up.
Ditto
and before then, let's have a plan of how to deal with Trump on this point can we?
You've had years to work on that!! What have you done and what do you plan to DO? Stop talking and DO something.
Dear Mr. Graham, I'm a registered Dem. Do not vote a straight ticket. Like you, ALOT. Please support impeachment of dt.
How's that working out for you, Lindsey?
I too am against people dying horrible pointless deaths. Bold stance, senator. The question is: how do we do it?
Yes, but how?
We should deny ™T from ever accessing our nuclear arsenal or a 2nd year as a complete failure as president. For the sake of all of us.
Well duh.  But good luck with all that.
Get rid of tRump.  Then we can begin to deal with foreign/domestic issues. Not until he is out of office will this nation function. impeach
You aren't seriously implying we go to war, risking lives, to bully a sovereign country into submission, are you?
Is this so @POTUS can play with military toys? He had the opportunity. Several times.
You obviously have no idea what's going on at all!! NK have been doing this to us for decades and we've had soldiers in SK since the 60's!!
Thanks Captain Obvious. What's the most efficient way to do that without endangering the populations of South Korea, Japan, & coastal China?
Much Better!
What exactly is NK wanting? Money, respect. We need to broadcast radio news to their people if they have radios.
Shudda, wudda, cudda... BUT what, PRECISELY does "deny... ability to grow... #nuclear " ACTUALLY LOOK LIKE? #COSTS  
Trump needs to stop the over-the-top rhetoric. He also needs to get rid of Gorka, Miller, and Bannon, who are itching for war.
Clinton Bush Obama did not. You knew.  Same with Iran.    You sat and watched
How do you propose doing that without starting a potentially nuclear war?
And the nation utters a collective "Well, duh". Unanswered questions are "how?" and, further, does Trump's bravado and fake red lines help?
How?  keep paying them $$ or whisper "sweet nothings" to them?  What is plan that is "in best interest of all" ...from anyone?

Easier said than done.  How is the question?  How, short of a catastrophe in Korea is the crucial question
Indeed... A barking dog chasing the car...
So then Senator, what is the plan that will prevent them the ability to grow nuclear Arsenal? What's wrong w the State Dept., DIPLOMACY?
Fine. Deny & Protect. But we can do that w/out postulating the use of our own nuclear weapons. We hit them w/one, the whole planet suffers!
Every country is sovereign. If WE can grow our nuclear arsenal, why can't they? If we won't lead by example, why should they follow?
I would agree if they'd agree.
Good thing Hillary Lost.
of course, but by what means? Surely not lobbing our own nuclear-tipped ICBMs over there first, right?
How? That is the problem. You are going to have sanction China and Russia, who both contribute to the NK arsenal. C'mon Miss Lindsey.
Lindsey,,Tell Trump,, if he's in favor of bombing a country, He might pay it the compliment of knowing where it is.
#ImpeachTrumpNow we need an adult in charge who isn't going to do something reckless and dangerous.
Well, I guess blowing the Korean peninsula to bits with "fire and fury" will accomplish both goals. Oh, and end life as we know it.
How?
How do you propose to do that, Senator?
Keeping in mind, you are not the Commander in Chief, and the one we have is unfit.
