.@LindseyGrahamSC Hey Linds: Are y'all hating @SenWarren cause she has 3 things you lack & covet: Integrity, Spine,& Lady Parts?
No. she broke the rule and talks too much anyway. Sit down!
I have an idea: Since you're backing the Repugnicans + a serial rapist? Get a clue or GFY, bitch*!  (*One of Conald's faves)
LOSER!!!!!!
Have an #IdiotBlock
...your friend the racist.  You must be so proud
irony is that you voted for sessions on the anniversary of the orangeburg massacre.
Dear Fellow Racist, YAY! We can finally take our white robes out of closet. But please - keep my secret in
Can you still deny that @POTUS has race issues?  Sessions will be a "yes man" to @POTUS.  Sad!
DO NOT BE PROUD. Sad day for America. You are better than this!
yeah thanks a lot for voting for a racist as our top cop, I hope this comes back to bite you
Why not? People change in 30 years
Why?  if you are just going to be a noodle for "bat shit crazy" and not uphold the law and constitution.
You work for US, the PEOPLE. NOT the delta bravo of a "president" #Misogynist #racist #ShePersisted
2018 is not that far away I will b here in SC campaigning against U with all my heart  Have a good day now
shameful; any one who has even a hint of racism in their past should never hold this post; double-standard
Hope my fellow South Carolinians take care of this at the next election.
Now it is time to investigate Michael Flynn and his involvement with Russia. #LoganAct
Graham says "I love my Racist dangerous friend. He will do great"
Enjoy your last term, Lindsey. Counting on SC!
no we didn't want him in office!
Sessions is an abomination, he will embarrass and humiliate GOP, serves you right.
your friend and colleague who sued black people 4 signing up other black people to vote. NICE! SMH.
So many in South Carolina disagree with you. But you don't listen to those  who elected you.
Please Investigate Donald Trump
You're no patriot, and you will regret this vote. @SenatorSessions
No, Lindsey is a patriot. He just forgets frequently what responsibilities go with being one
Why did your constituents ask you not to vote for Sessions 12 to 1. #whenwillyoulisten
I was gonna say thanks for taking us back 30+ years, but @SenatorSessions was too racist in 1986 to be confirmed, so...
As one of your constituents, know that when I cast my ballot against you in 2020, it will be in honor of Coretta Scott King
I'm with you, Jessie. I will not forget his votes, and I will begin working against him in the next campaign.
HasTrump's propaganda started working on you too?Don't fall for a wolf in sheep's clothing. Or in a sheet.
you and your Republican colleagues are obviously scared of being called out by Trump. Shameful self absorbed unpatriotic!!!
This is a disgrace
BOO! 
You votest for racism. Why don't you have a town hall and actually hear what should constitutes think?
@WhyLieAboutCrimeIncreasing?
disappointed in I u the cabinet is a joke
sir you should find better things to be pleased about. SAD!
I was born & raised in SC along with 400 years of my family. Your vote is Disgraceful to EVERY Black SC native.
He's lied already-anothr proud Republican moment coupled w/vile words:http://SenWarren.You  arent the man we need.
clearly it was a mistake to think you'd do the right thing. You did nothing but confirm a bigot. Way to go
You had me fooled for awhile. Shame on me. I see you clearly now for who and what you are. Shame on you. SC 29016.
Graham you're a phoney rhino
What Jessie said and more!  I have emailed you, called you, tweeted you. You have not yet represented me.
I won't be voting for you either.  So ashamed of our government right now.
gag...You and he are poor choices for the progression of the U.S.   I am not living in the 1950s, Asshats!
#ShePersisted
Shame on you for approving this appt.
We can see this is all abt #GOP #institutional #misogyny
nope
I think you meant to say your friend and fellow racist.
good ole boys united in bigotry. Yee haw! Got those voter suppression tactics up and running!
Shame!  A man who prosecuted asset forfeiture cases as AG. A racist.  Your friend.
you have earned my vote-- of no confidence- registered SC voter
Great! Another racist in the government! Do you guys have any sense of morality? You don't represent us
boo
Racists gotta hang. Do you get a group discount when you dry clean your white robes and pointy hats?
Silencing Warren is #longoverdue ?? You coming out of the closet, you self-hating man, is #longoverdue
what a disgrace
Sessions is a pig.  I dont beleive he's changed a bit & your true colors are blinding!
A big fat racist. Whos side are u in ?
But this won't put U in good standing with all your buddies in the MSM. Umight not be asked back on PMSNBC
you've done David Duke proud. Just to be clear, this appointment is not for ALL Americans.
Strom's new DOJ army! Suppression of all, for people, of people with Solicitor 'Bob Jones' Cooper, hoorah!
what's it like? Waiting to go to jail for #treason #putinspuppets #SwampCabinet #ImpeachTrump #lockhimup
rest assured, we'll be working just as hard making sure neither of you is re-elected. #shepersisted #2020
Lindsey, I am so disappointed in you!
- because of course you are friends with a racist.
not smart- would never vote for you
I hope you hang with the others at your treason trial
you let us down... you let so many people down
Sessions is a racist, you know it, McConnell knows it, and both of you are untrustworthy hypocrites.
Says one #racist to the other. What's next, hoisting the #Confederateflag at the SC, AL statehouses? @cnn
A man is known by the company he keeps. #letlizspeak #warrenforpresident2020
Big Daddy Graham, shutting up women is his favorite past time. Is the future of the DNC in ? or the GOP?
Good job Graham...Make America White Again. You all disgust me. Do any of you have souls?
Why do you hate Americans? Why is it time to bully into silence a colleague?
Shameful.
WRONG
You are dirt. And if there is still a nation left in a year, you're out. Looking forward to treason trials
ugh I had so much faith in u. Sessions has been a lifelong racist. Lindsey :( why? I was starting 2 like u
Get it together soon. POTUS will ruin us. You will have helped by putting party over country. Shame shame
the GOP has become a total disgrace to our nation and we can't wait to see you all voted out!! #wepersist
Counted on you to not sell out SC and the American people.  Sessions unfit for office of AG
- Enjoy your final years in political office, boys. But most importantly, enjoy your sorry ass legacies.

Horrible pick!! ppl will suffer.. shame
traitor
Check out the InfoWars website for more.
wondering if your seat is up for grabs in 2018
I thought you were going to stand up to the worst of Don Trump. You just confirmed a racist.
Pathetic excuse for a civil servant. You are not representing your constituents. Hopefully your last term!
Not too popular @LindseyGrahamSC 
Despite what you and @SenatorSessions will do re: voter suppression?

WATCH what WE THE PEOPLE DO in 2018
WoooHooo @LindseyGrahamSC Now you're guar-ahn-teed your seat for the voter suppression your good ol' boy @SenatorSessions will defend!
2018
Lifelong Republican here.  I don't know what deal you made in this confirmation but it's not worth it
I guess we know where you stand on racism. Better polish your resume for 2020. You're despicable.
.@LindseyGrahamSC I'm disappointed in your appeasement of Trump. When will you resist autocracy? History will not look well on this decision
I'm disappointed in the way you treated your Democratic colleagues. #ShePersisted
nope nope nope. Graham, you're our only hope here. Don't be that kind of republican.
I think you and the GOP will regret this.
Dixiecrats the sequel? FYI the first installment was a disaster.
Truly horrific people
I like you and what you say about 12% of the time. You should work on that.
Senator Graham I will remember your poor choices of 2017 when I cast my ballot in 2020.
Shame on your vote and shame on your comments about Sen. Warren
you should be ashamed to stand by a racist!
You are such a disappointment-i will never vote Republican again!!
In other words, hoods up y'all! #attorneygeneral #LetLizSpeak #JeffSessions @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorSessions
Congratulations to my friend and colleague @SenatorSessions.  My statement on his confirmation as Attorney General.  #ConfirmSessions 
DeVos has rubbed off on you already? Check your grammar and sentences before you release a statement.
I thought you might be the voice of reason in the GOP.  I was wrong.
Please consult @MerriamWebster on definitions of decent and honorable. You may be confused!
.@LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorSessions I'm very disappointed in you for 'falling in line', but we all know that's what Republicans do. RIP USA
your upcoming involuntary retirement in 2020 is "long overdue", but thanks for exposing the rampant sexism of @SenateGOP
Hopefully he will serve his country first and his President 2nd.
Seriously?
did you even consider the desires of your constituents? It doesn’t seem so.
For a few minutes I kinda thought you were going to be a moderate.  I was wrong! #RiggedCabinet #SwampRat
white racist men stick together
Aren't you worried about his racist past?
Helplessly watching as I no longer recognize the GOP's .What happened to principles, strength & care for the people...
oh Lindsey you are sincere but misguided.
A sad day for our country
too racist for 1980s @GOP, Perfect racist for @SenateGOP of 2017. We've come a long way! #resist
I can't wait until the 2020 midterms roll around and I can finally vote for anybody but you.
RACISTS! (and sexists too) #ShePersisted
you continue to bring shame to SC.  #senatoryousuck #TheResistance
disgusting and you know it unless you are as racist as he is and you may be but we are watching you both

The midterm elections is coming ...
fucking bullshit.  We are woke as fuck and watching.  Don't fuck with our rights.
Thought you had the courage to stand up to Trump but it's very clear you are all afraid the bully.#voteout
We are very disappointed at the list of -GOP- senators who disallowed the reading of CSK'S letter. It is ahorror of a vote
with friends like this...
The cherry on the icing on the cake of the most pathetic gaggle of cabinet picks in history. Sad!
just when I  was beginning to like you. Why indeed?
we will all remember this support for a racist when it's election time. Signed, your constituents
don't go on about him, he's a creep and will embarrass you
Unfortunately @Herrkoepke it is impossible to embarrass or shame @LindseyGrahamSC for he and @SenatorSessions have no capacity for either.
you should be ashamed of your self thanks for showing your true colors. God protect the country I love
He is a racist and inappropriate,does that make you one as well?!
You are no longer representing your constituents. Sad.
the swamp is filling up and you're part of the problem. DeVos Perry Sessions and Carson all unqualified
Nothing positive here
Sessions LIED on his resume
Claiming involvement in civil rights cases
Party before country. Senator Graham, thought you were different.
Party before Country? You've lost my trust Senator. I thought you were better.
If @SenatorSessions turns a blind eye to trump's conflicts of interest or friendship with Putin, you're all fired
"If"? @franforman These weak-kneed racists @LindseyGrahamSC and @SenatorSessions don't shive a git about anyone but themselves.

2018
You guys have enough now for a KKK football team.  White hoods instead of helmets.
UGH
so failing to do yourself any favors back home in SC. Have you lost touch? #resist
Senator Graham's constituents vote Republican.
Not all of them. Turnout was only 67% this past Nov, but 45% of those voted against Trump. Time will tell.
Blah...Blah...blah...Party before people. You are the swamp, sir.
Save your lobby money now, you're so done in politics, you have betrayed Christianity by endorsing hate!
.@LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorSessions #disappointed say Lindsey, what ya gonna do when sessions locks you up for being gay?
You just let another KKK advocate into the office designed to stomp that out #TraitortoSC&COUNTRY
Stars and Bars in the sky for you sir, and the rest of the country's middle finger.
you misspelled racist. Ashamed of you. How's the Russian hacking investigation going?
Sad! Sessions is distrusted by coloured community so why appoint him??
Awful & horrible how u sexist white men silenced a women stating the facts that this is not good for US.
Senator Graham, the last two days have made me seriously questioning your integrity and judgement. Shame.
You had a good week last week, but you're 0 for 2 so far this week. Which is the real you?
. No. Just no.
Congrats @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorSessions. As a man with a conscience, how does it feel to be part of the cabal that silenced Mrs. king?
very disappointed in your vote for Sessions. He has never supported women or minorities.
another cowardly act by GOP Senators. My previous modicum of respect for you, Sen Graham, is gone. #Resist
I'm so disappointed with you.
Hoo boy, heck of a day fer dem good ole boys! Who y'all fixin' to learn sumthin' to first?
The Republican party is now known as the  "American Taliban "
I am very disappointed in your decision. You are supposed to represent ALL (all races) Americans.
Sessions said he thought the KKK "were OK until I found out they smoked pot”.
, a list of things I'd vote for before you in 2020: a slice of bread, my left shoe, the plague, a literal pile of vomit.
- we had hope for you Mr. Graham, but that is gone.  #soldout
