Trader
Republicans need to institute a NO TOLERANCE Policy on Birtherism, walls, muslim bans and white supremacist ideology #tearingusapart
Forreal and they need to have a no tolerance policy on #BlackLivesMatter #SPLC #altleftterror
Why can't we call out the true problem not left or right #GeorgeSoros
Most replys are as smart as your comment Graham. Look at the racial issues created and started during Obama Admin. You out is blame Trump?
Thank you, Mr. Graham, for calling out the president.  Please continue to hold him responsible for his words and actions. We're in danger.
@palestininianpr Lindsey you little  did u clear this with AIPAC first
Inclined to retweet this, but saying "Mr. President" @realDonaldTrump @POTUS is just too hard. 

Oops.

#ImpeachTrump

#ImpeachTrumpAndPence

You are becoming a media puppet, STOP it! Be supportive of our President.
Lindsey the British called them turncoats. You may ave forgotten Senator Graham U took the pledge also to support the POTUS
you and George Soros are behind it
Lindsey, President Satan Trump DOES NOT CARE. He would rather fist your vaginas and throw you by the roadside than apologize.
Thank you
Not even close to enough. Sincerely, a guy who used to vote Republican and never will again.
tell us more. Why? Was it tragic Heather's death that did it for you? Have you seen @VICE film?
I don't think I could even consider voting for a Kasich/Romney type again until they stop calling themselves members of the party of Trump.
republicans have lost their way. Perhaps room for new centre right? Do you think?
Time for HILLARY CLINTON to take her rightful place!
No, you are teaching hate just like all the others, it's just what politicians do.
YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO OUR PRESIDENT.SHAME ON YOU.
Nobody is going to believe him anymore He has done irreparable damage to his Office and the country. Regards from Germany
POTUS is VOID OF ANY COMPASSION & HUMANITY. IT IS FRIGHTENING & SO VERY SAD FOR AMERICANS WHO LOOK TO POTUS 4 MORAL SUPPORT & GUIDANCE.
lol He Doesn't Care. Who are these empty words serving? Not America.
These words further divide. Instead of bitching publicly, get behind @POTUS to support freedom and justice for all. YOU are a leader!!!
PRESIDENTS WORDS ARE NOT THE DIVISION .YOU ARE .THE TRAITORS OF THE Republican Party WHO DON'T SUPPORT HIM.GOD BLESS OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP.

Let us not focus on statues. Let us focus on the statutes blocking equal access to an accountable democracy. Let us focus on @potus status. 
WOW Lindsey but you armed Terrorists to kill innocents & to Regime Change & now the families of people you got killed will Avenge
Which begs the question: Why did republicans block legislation that would have forced Donald Trump to release his tax returns?
Good question...I, among other millions of Americans would like a direct answer to that!
Maybe take action instead of throwing a meme at it.
PRESIDENT TRUMP NEVER DIVIDED US .HE SPOKE BEAUTIFUL,AND YOU TWIST EVERYTHING AROUND .TRAITOR TO USA ,TO AMERICA,TO US THE PEOPLE.
I appreciate the thought, but Donald Trump is not the person to bring us together. He can't do it. We deserve better.
We do deserve better!  We deserve Hillary Clinton! 
Act on it--by impeaching him...this is only gonna get worse. 7 months in & it's been worse every single day! Literally.
What is the @GOP afraid of? @SpeakerRyan and the @HouseGOP need to pull their collective heads out! #ImpeachTrump
Exactly. What's trump holding over your heads? Bribery & racketeering are illegal!
This statement is SO true!#
American Values of Liberty, EQUALITY and Justice for all are at stake.  Please rally your party and return us to sanity
Sickening, wimpy statement from you.  His comments were just fine.  Start backing him and get something done.
@realDonaldTrump Mr President, time to demonstrate some intelligence and humility. Time for a big course correction.
Lindsey, stop talking about this jerk and do something.  IMPEACH NOW - he's a liar and guilty of treason.  Do it!
It's not going to happen. As divided as he has made this country, we are now at risk as a nation. #TakeAction
Senator, what are you and other @GOP members going to do about @realDonaldTrump ? To constantly complain without action is senseless.
@LindseyGrahamSC the president is incapable of compassion, he's heartless. He doesn't know what makes America a great nation.
How about denouncing Antifa along with BLM and Nazis?
Never going to happen, he only cares about himself and those that shower him w/adulation, he's insane and he's ruining America
Why didn't you say this when Obama was dividing this country, tying the hands of our LEOs, supporting BLM and Muslims?
Not worth it, Senator. You shd expect no course correction from @realDonaldTrump. For the sake of your country and mine, #RemoveTrump
Mr. Graham, too little, too late.
About time
Ignoring the truth doesn't either. @POTUS & @FLOTUS were correct for calling racism & hate unacceptable  at any time https://twitter.com/704livin/status/898194375557218304 …
Congress, at minimum, censure DJT.
No you don't, and you're not fooling anyone. Trump could convert water into wine and bring the dead to life, and you'd still hate him.
This is a LIE Mr. Graham! Stop with this rhetoric and stand WITH our President. America has been divided LONG BEFORE Trump was elected!
you were quoted by @NPR
You've divided more than anyone Lindsey. Hard to believe you can get reelected.
It's too late and you know it
I will believe you and the rest of @GOP are serious about censuring this PoS POTUS when you are voting on impeachment. You just want his pen
NO people like YOU are dividing this nation!!!
Sorry, Mr Graham. there is NO way I want to have any unity with Nazis, White Nationalists and White Supremacists.
Good luck with that.
Well said.  But Americans want you to go further in condemning morally void and ignorant President Trump.
Nope...Trump wants to distract us from the Russia investigation!
Interesting that, like many of your fellow RINOs, you never speak out about BLM or Antifa, even when they fight with/kill police.  Traitor!
comment please
BS. We the American Patriots did not see one damn thing wrong with our President's remarks. Stop your troublemaking lies! #grahamsucks #MAGA
No, Senator, your words are dividing America!! Shameful!  Were this a dem Pres. all dems would flock to support him!  Example..Bill Clinton!
I'm SO  shocked that Lindsey Graham... 
a 'never Trumper'
Jumped off the Trump train

Anybody else surprised?
Instead of making memes that cause division you should try a little working with others yourself because I see.. no leadership #MAGA
Instead of tweeting, how about saying that 2 his face?  Does your party have the spine 2 do that?  #ThursdayThoughts #Resist #SayHerName
Are you paying attention? He doesn't care. Get him out of there. YOU have the power to get him out of the WH & restore peace, so DO IT.
Not enough.
Senators like you believe Americans are stupid. Where was your statement when AntiFa was beating up innocent Trump supporters?
@davidm1108 another GOP going after trump by name and trump was fast to condemn him, but not the alt right. 
Your party has the power to stop this cancer from growing
Your words Mr. Graham is more divisive than anything POTUS has been saying!  Violence of any kind is abominable doesn't matter who does it!
Senator your party created this cancer @realDonaldTrump & its growing through GOP members & the country & it won't stop till destroy us all

This Nation was hugely divided way before Trump.  You are caving into revisionist media and wacko lefties.  You have no backbone.  NONE!
You act like you are righteous but you are not. Did you call out Obama when he defended BLM.  They are equivalent to white supremacist
You encourage Pres Trump?  Pres has distanced himself from these radical hate groups, you should "discourage" anybody who says differently!
The Little Boy Who Cried ‘NAZI’! | Louder With Crowder https://youtu.be/PnrvDS7yvS0   via @YouTube
You knew he was unqualified for the job. Do something besides memes.
He's trying to tear America apart & the GOP is letting him 
That ship has sailed Lindsey. The @GOP needs to stand up for Americans that have been marginalized by this admin.  Pass Voter's Rights Act.
Swampy, I'm urging you to get off CNN & work on health care instead of spending time undermining our President.
Thank you, Mr. Graham. This country needs healing and a President that unites us, not divides us.
You Tweeted something, I guess you now feel like you are vindicated 
Talk is cheap Do Something
He is incapable of leading and it's about time you and the rest of @GOP realize it. This will continue day after day until something is done
Thank you Sir, for being a better man than our prez will ever be.And thank you for giving me back a little hope in politicians.I wish he wld
You are dividing this nation just like the antifa! You are a liberal traitor! @LindseyGrahamSC
Do something!
we love you Sen. Graham. So glad you speaking up and out. Against white supremacist monsters like David Duke.
Or you could, you know, work to #ImpeachTrump . Just sayin'.
With "Republicans" like YOU, Sen. Graham, who needs Democrats?
Everyone needs to take a step back and breath.
And then there's this
I'm not even a Republican, but I agree. But Senator Graham, look back on the last 7 months, would anyone else have gotten away with all this
It is the words of senators like you who claim to be American and protect rights of people, but shame those who exercise their right to vote
support our @POTUS !
heed your own words and stop exacerbating the situation
I have yet heard you say with the strongest words possible the condemnation of KKK, Neo Nazis, white Supremacists.... SAD Lindsey, very sad!
Please!!! Get real!!! You and your Senator buddies are yourself so divided;  like Humpty Dumpty! President Trump IS trying to unite America.
Dammit Lindsey, DJT is an insert for inspiring chaos in this country. How many more divisional agendas will you allow to inflame
You are hurting the office!
There is NO PIVOT - he is disgusting
Give up - Trump is an abomination - I knows he was a disgrace as soon as the Primary began but he is even worse than I could've imagined
Stop virtue signalling.  The President's remarks were on point.
I have found Trumps words to be very unifying.  It's people's deliberate misinterpretation of his words that divide.
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC !

this is ridiculous, talk to him in person, this is serious and deserves more than a tweet type communication!
NOTHING I heard was dividing!!!
Trump's a dick. He would let someone be killed as long as he's being cheered on. His fragile ego & incompetence will destroy our democracy.
thats what a democrat would say
@realDonaldTrump worst (and most embarrassing) president in history
Stand up to Trump. Stop voting with white supremacists, there's no middle ground with ppl that want to honour racist traitors!
You didn't listen to @POTUS  words, it's cnn, msnbc etc that are dividing U.S. by NOT reporting accurately. You are a lying self serving oaf
Interesting assertion. Trump has no problem with hiring African-Americans to work for him, yet you haven't had a single on on your staff
If @realDonaldTrump's words are "dividing Americans..." maybe you'd like to bring back the racial-healer-in-chief Barack Obama!
Talk is cheap, senator.

You knew what he was when you elected him.

You must take action to stop him now.

#Trump is a white supremacist.
Do you disavow the violence, rioting, looting against the communities and law abiding citizens of America by Antifa and BLM ?Please respond
You'll be waiting a long time 4 this. He's now advocating on behalf of statues of Confederates put up during civil rights fight 2 intimidate
Frankly, Trump's words are meaningless. He has not credibility in any quarter.
Haha. Lindsey, no matter how much u suck up, you'll never appease the Left. They're filled with hate. Stop being a quisling.
Obama never brought me together with any liberals.  Trump doesn't divide, the people do that on their own.
Stand up to this disgusting human being. Memes and statements do nothing. Time for the GOP to take back thier party.
Rep., Dem., y cant u clowns just Vote for pple who are obviously more qualified? "Bernie isnt tough enough" yall made ur bed. Now lay in it.
Well he's too stupid to make that happen he's Donald Trump,he's going to break us apart and cause another war
Thank you, Sen. Graham.  Now, please push to fund FBI investigations into domestic terrorism, voter suppression, and racial gerrymandering.
You, as a Republican Senator, have the power to remove white supremacists from the White House. Despite your words, inaction = complicity.
I fear it's too late. He has already shown his true colors.
The President is moving the country in the direction that he sees fit.  Right or wrong, that is what he is doing.  I say Abandon Ship!
@POTUS is #unfit. #DoSomething to end this.
You are so right.
Imagine if the GOP actually cared about AMERICAN WORKERS
so damn sad
What do you know Mr Graham what the voters want. We want the Republican Party to back the President
and you are rejoicing...
Calling out ALL violent groups is not divisive, calling out ONLY one side IS!  Be a part of the republican party & support our @POTUS
He has done nothing but open up this country's wounds.  Making America great again?  No, I don't think so, he is setting us back 60 years.
Trump is dividing USA for his coup. Take over. Stop him!!!! He hates GOP. He's not GOP.
trump is not able to do this because there is nothing in it for himself.  he is not a leader.  no empathy.  no credibility.  ineffective.
When will you announce your shift to the Dem Party? You seem to be there already.
I'm looking forward to voting you out.
You are a #sore #Loser #RINO #resignnow and #MAGA I support  @POTUS
Your words are dividing America. You need to stand behind the president that we voted for and quit putting false words in his mouth.
Graham- a publicity seeking hound with no accomplishments but wo loves to attack republicans so that press will give him a big wet kiss!
You are pathetic and are condoning violence against the media with this statement. Know that.
Don't condemn both sides? That makes you PRO-violence on media. Ask @jaketapper & @sherylnyt https://twitter.com/sherylnyt/status/896575560650035200 … https://twitter.com/jaketapper/status/897977496930570240 …
There was so much underlying racism toward President #Obama resulting in votes for #Trump & these are many of those voters.
Thank you, Senator. Our President has been encouraging hatred & division since his campaign days. Sadly this is one reason why he won.
Senator, please work with your colleagues to save our democracy and impeach Trump. He is a danger to our democracy. Use all legal means.
Lindsey Graham loves #AntifaTerroristOrganization. Lindsey Graham hates Americans. @LindseyGrahamSC hates free speech.
This from a man that changes his opinion depending on the TV show he is on! You have no desire to MAGA just making yourself great!
I disagree, the entire nation is pulling together 2 realize he is incapable of doing this job. Please make him stop.
Wait, what?
You heard me right. The entire nation thinks he is wrong on this topic. So @DonaldTrump  has brought us together
It was the "incapable of doing this job" comment that surprised me.
thank you
Thank you. And thank you for having the courage to call him out specifically.
Thank you... the rest of the GOP is afraid of a #tweetslap - you're spot on, stay strong!
Kinda hard to bring people together when anarchist groups are permitted to operate within our country.
Thank you, Senator! My sister, in Greenville, SC, who often contacts your office, is very pleased. Having guts commands respect.
We have a generation of college students who were taught Marxist ideology and radical anarchist groups being allowed to permeate our country
You expect Trump to unite when the Republican Globalists have been hell bent on destroying him since he took office...
#goodjob #Charolettesville
I am not a Republican but if I lived in SC you would get my vote.  Keep standing up to Trump.  Your voice is being heard in Michigan.
Don't waste your breath. He won't. Wake up, save your party from this racist. No action is complicit.
Do something and impeach him for being unfit.
No sir, yours are and you take pride in profiting from them!
Keep standing up to the President.  Hoping others in the GOP will follow you lead.
YOU ARE A LYING YOU KNOW WHAT.  @POTUS SAID NOTHING WRONG!  YOU LOOK FOR ANY REASON TO ATTACK HIM AND WE SEE YOU!  GRRRRRRRR!!!
Mr Graham I encourage you not to seek reelection, join Mr Trump in his tower. The man is not fit to be President of USA but you support him!
your Tweet was quoted by @nytimes
No, not listening to what POTUS actually said is divisive. Trump was right about racists on many sides of the race issue. #AllLivesMatter
