So your promise to get to the bottom of the Russia investigation was all just your regular, pathetic bluster..
Weirdest interview! Was hopped up & clearly not interested in reducing gov $, taxes, or fixing healthcare. He is the swamp. Term limits!
What about Russia? You all in?
even while Russian barrage escalates, pro Assadists telegraphing threats of launching another #cw/gas attack intended to frame opposition.
Please prevent another #cw attack! @SenJohnMcCain @DeptofDefense @SenatorCotton threaten cut Russia out of SWIFT.
Siege around Ghouta tightening whilst pro Assad media telegraphing threats.
http://syriadirect.org/news/syrian-government-closes-final-loophole-to-tighten-siege-of-eastern-damascus-suburbs/ … 
Nevermind incredible ethical calamities, failed policies, russian connections, slander of your bff. Way to get that nose nice and brown LG
Another delusional person & one of the most hated @GOP
Graham SAID he couldn't support CORRUPT TRUMP in good conscience. So, not he supports him KNOWING IT'S WRONG? Republicans have ZERO MORALS.
Hey DEMS what's your problem with America first?? Tell you what, you just stay in your box, while the rest of us prosper, enjoy new jobs
I'm all about Americans first, but not some catchy slogan by a huckster con artist like trump. Where are all his goods and products from?
Do you want to enjoy some good times or not. No reason to stay behind expect stubbornness.
well, djt finally twisted your arm enough for you to 'drink the kool-aid'. Remember your trip to UA? the russians are STILL killing our boys
Can someone say "Sell-Out"?
Thanks for standing withPOTUS! What is your thoughts on what's happening betweenthe Dems & the Rep?Are we in the beginning of a Silver War?
Senator Graham,DJT hasn't done anything constructive. Get his tax return.
Ugh enuf on tax he pays millions! He's not stupid!
on face. 
Not that you'd listen to your constituents but NO MORE WAR.
Look you are a sell out now in my book.  I told you before your dinner w/ @POTUS not to be Bought off. I over estimated your integrity.
Wow you must be so proud of yourself. Oath keeper you are not.
Oh wait never mind.  Now you are goin down and with the ship.
Have LOST ALL RESPECT 4 u Sen Graham, will do everything possible to get you voted out of office. And we won't use Russia & cheating
You are one of the few Rs stand up to his poor decisions. Due to your low ratings, and a few lucky decisions by him, you are all in? Sure.
How can you support defunding health care for poor and elderly to build an idiotic wall?  What does Trump have on you?
Mr. Graham!   So disappointed.  Thought you were a light in the darkness.
Nope, not even close. He's a wishy-washy liberal one day, conservative next day. We never know what he's going to do.
I had almost no respect for you Lindsey, but now it is all gone

Tantaros: Ailes's Fox News a "sex-fueled Playboy Mansion-like cult masquerading as a defender of family values" http://www.legalreader.com/fox-implies-ulterior-motive-in-andrea-tantaros-lawsuit/ … 
Bill O’Reilly Thrives at Fox News, Even as Harassment Settlements Add Up
Fox News Settled Sexual Harassment Allegations Against Bill O’Reilly, Documents Show
Trump, Asked About Accusations Against Bill O’Reilly, Calls Him a ‘Good Person’
You're easy.  Trump drops a few bombs and you are like a kid in a candy store!
Lindsey never saw a war he didn't like
You make me sick !!
Dear Senator Graham, I'm not insinuating anything, But is the investigation into Russia moving forward? Thank you.
now that you are happy with trumps bombing are you going to keep investigating the Russian connection thank you
How quick you change your tune  how fitting your first name is Lindsey you have no balls smh but let's face it fox and friends is trash
Lindsey is all in with Putins Puppet,
He's a lyin RINO
What happened? You were into investigating TrumpRussia now you're into TrumpWars! Shameful you would want this maniac to take us 2 war again
You're gleeful It's disgusting and unsettling
#TrumpRussia #putinPuppet #independentInvestigation #selectCommittee #treason[?]   CountryB4party? Or  are you "undead" too?
How did you become undead too? Were you having an affair? Did you take money?  Our democracy is turning into a kleptocracy?  You can stop it
I guess you're referring to that crack Intelligence Team and the Fearless Leader that lost an aircraft carrier fleet for a couple weeks? ???
Fix Ocare, cut Taxes, Build the Wall. Support your President. No Excuses!! If you can't, step aside!
Sen.Graham; happy about being on the brink of nuclear war is dangerously insane. You, along with @potus, have lost your grip on reality.
Dude control your boner for war! You're a senator. Are you going to fight these wars? Your children? Nope. #chump #sidekick #neverprez #liar
OMG. The end does not justify the means unless your a Republican.
You are putting millions of people lives in danger but who gives a shit right? You rather sell your country.
I am all in as well for voting for anyone other than Lindsey Graham if we live till reelection.
Ew. Apparently Hawaii Admissions Act not a law Sessions cares for. Birther-level crap. On the Senate including you.
Jeff Sessions doesn't think a judge in Hawaii -- a.k.a. 'an island in the Pacific' -- should overrule Trump http://wapo.st/2pjX9at  
Hey Sen. Grahamnesty, Rush just called you the biggest fanboy of Trump now, lol.
LoL this woman is never consistent
Duly noted sir. History will remember that.
https://youtu.be/lQfsNb5D9GQ  via @YouTube
The resistance so far: Chaffetz, Bannon, Milo, Flynn, Nunes, OReilly, who's next? you? I hope so! crooks are dropping like flies!
you won't bully your way around during town halls sir! not anymore, most republicans will be out soon including you!
I knew he was a crook! he was all an act since the beginning but nobody with a brain fell for it! who cares what side is he in!
Senator you're not wearing your thinking cap. You WERE sounding reasonable...don't let your hawkishness blind you to 45's shortcomings.
You have zero credibility.  Blah, blah, blah....
Until you see an opportunity to attack him.
Do you still not understand how ANGRY Americans are at the get nothing done congress ? 
Did you forget about #TrumpRussia or something?
Huh. What does Russia have on you?
You should of been all in from the start !!all of you
Oh Lindsey.. looks like U drank the Kool-Aid & I believed in U. One disappointment after another with these people.
And start World War 3 SAD
God Help Us.
Pathetic. You love cowboy posturing more than our country. You are now in bed with Russia. Shame on you, sir. @realDonaldTrump is a traitor.
Lindsey your bra strap is showing.
I'll believe it when I see it in action.
barf
Dont be so damn eager to strike North Korea. You need to start putting our troops and the people in South Korea in the forefront
Lord, what happened to you Mr Graham? Last summer I actually was regarding you as a reasonable, admirable person. Now you've rolled over.
gonna turn your blind eyes & value party over country. Smh. #Weak Trump #colluded and is guilty #russiagate
More idiots
Loser sell out
Awe Bull Shit more liberal talk !
About Time
Oh really are ya? You gonna live with that. I expected so much more.
liar
I salute you Sir you are a good man.
Yeah, hi... I'm DONE with you! It's all politics, and it was never anything else. #CountryOverParty you make me sad. #UsedToBeGOP 
Thank you for getting on the Trump Train
Only 3 more years for you and your OUT Lindsey, Chump will be gone sooner with Impeachment from his Russia Collusion! Enjoy while you can 
Yeah and this SC resident is all inthe vote you out very soon. Just a getting on the media band wagon right lindsey? All about the PR
Watch your back @POTUS !
Watched Senator Graham on Fox this AM & couldn't be more pleased he's FINALLY expressed some support for President Trump! What a relief!
I don't think the voters in SC are in with you anymore. Your change of heart seems to be too little too late. Looking for votes now.
And Lindsey Graham is such tough guy, I'm sure he was a bully in school
How much is he paying you?
He's a traitor
About Dang Time Lindsey, but I guess better late than never.
Screw Lindsey Graham he's ALL TALK NO ACTION and looking to keep his seat, he's equally as bad as his Boyfriend McCain #GTFO
What took so long?
Graham is pro America and pro military. He is alright.
Really?? Lindsey is all in? Does that mean he will
support term limits and ban illegal voting?? #LyinLindsey
Really all in? Campaign trail taught you nothing about this man? party before country 
He makes my skin crawl
Good you can go to jail too
So now he is ok with Russian influence in our government.  Such a disappointment.
good work, "all in" boy!
No. Korea, Syria, Yemen & RexyExxy adds Iran to our rattling sabers while petitioning you to let him suck his oil out of Pootie's balls...
Exxon petitioning to drill in Russia , hell no , I like you to introduce the hell no Exxon bill
Sir, I'm curious how you can find yourself so excited with our national security team when WE DON'T KNOW WHERE OUR "ARMADA" IS? #SHITSHOW
Hope this means he & sidekick McCain will stop badmouthing Pres. on every Sunday show they can get booked on.
@hispanic4DTrump @LindseyGrahamSC  #RINO
Humm! That's all Donald needs is some flip flop no-nothing "all in"! What does that mean?
I guess just like that u are no longer concerned w/ his ties to Russia,conflicts of interest? For a sec you fooled us abt having integrity
I always thought you were smarter than that!
@allybrooke27 @LindseyGrahamSC Wonder what Rino Traitor Graham was bribed with? And wheres his girlfriend SongBird McCain??
$ makes the world go around. Dollars and rubles. Thought you were going to stand strong. Disappointment.
ARE YOU LITERALLY OUT OF YOUR MIND YOU CHINLESS GUTLESS SHITBOX 
AND I THOUGHT YOU MIGHT HAVE HAD A REAL SPINE
NO WONDER EVERYONE HATES REPS
Hey Lindsey Graham, you talked big about Trump for a while but I knew you would cave in and would end up licking Trumps balls,  salty ?
It's about time. Are you concerned about your next election results, Lindsey?
Are you high Lindsey? #soldouttheUSA
Gee thanks
Are you all in on this Senator? The people deserve an answer.
WSJ: Exxon is seeking a U.S. Waiver to work in Russia, despite sanctions http://on.wsj.com/2oLQnsd 
He. Hanged his position so fast and so often it is downright dizzying
What took so long? Waiting for the bogus Russian election antics to pass?? Graham is an idiot!
“We have got a president .. that I’ve been dreaming of for eight years.” So you have been dreaming of toxic waste as POTUS? That's weird.
And Obama . Turns out the one who started it was a Russian , now living in Russia ,doesn't that make Schiff ,swalwell, waters russianpuppets
Well, stay that way? FYI Calexit started in response to the hatred of trump policy and platformand election they petitioned their reps
you've lost a vote the next election.
About time
Whereby LG attempts to babysit our dangerous toddler in chief.
Really, Senator? Shame on you. Put America before party, or history will not be kind to you.
You should go the way of Jason Chaffetz and Bill O'Reilly, Lindsey. Time for career politicians and a corrupt Congress to end.
You have sunk to a new low.  All you care about is war.  Selling your soul will come back to haunt you.
Hey Lindsey are you in with Russia to sounds like you are Trump is not Presidential Fox and Friends racist news network
I wonder how much its costing!?
Complicit Graham, putting all our lives in danger to defend a corrupt, inept administration.
So am I
Graham says It's ok to have a war with NK bc it would be over there not here. US troops in SK don't matter? Our allies don't matter?
Blackmail, right? Russian Mob does got some scary dudes.
WHO THE HELL ELECTED THAT CLOWN? I DON'T TRUST HIM
He is tough, and he's Trying to get shi* done!
About time maybe he has a chance in south carolina again...lol
too late
Of course he is when it looks like we are going to war. It's what his military contractor sponsors want him to do
what a crock of !
"Treason, more emol. violations daily than entirety of pres. history, misogyny, money launder, fraud, ok by me long as he ain't black."
Chafes-it: "I'll not seek re-election now that real crimes require oversight. I prefer never-ending investigative smears proving nothing."
"I'm all in on the Trumptanic!"
Bombs you voted against in 2013? Healthcare improvements & Dodd-Frank updates you voted against for 8 years? Napoleon complex midget.
lip service until his actions match his words, don't drink the coolaid just yet
Lindsey graham, your dream team is my nightmare.
Does Russia have dirt on you now? What happened to being tough against Putin? Trump still can't say anything bad about him.
You don't care that he's openly praising most autocrats and alienating democracies? Especially autocracies where he has business interests?
"Who cares if Putin put him into power to destroy America?
I get excited about a racist killing children with bombs!"
