It is time to more forcefully back up our diplomatic efforts with the threat of a credible military option.
North Korea believes there is no downside to pushing the envelope regarding their missile and nuclear programs.
It is up to the Trump Administration and the world to make North Korea believe otherwise.
And clearly you don't give a damn about the American people and their healthcare!
Why would they? The UN is worthless!!!
North Korea is undoubtedly trying to provoke a first strike by us so that China will join in their defense.  N K's plan seems to be working
China has said that if NK starts anything, they will be on their own, whereas if America starts anything, China will help defend NK.  How does that not stabilize the situation, other than for those leaders that want destabilization
@Brenda93503347
According to #QAnon little Kim has already agreed to a truce.
Yup
Why would they? Our president is a clown
NK playing tough guy trump for a fool, Pulling the puppet strings and embarrassing USA on international stage. Pathetic
nor does ur side of aisle care about people now being corrupted by criminal, worthless, immoral O-care forced on us. CC: @SenJohnMcCain
You mean that same O'care that saved my grandson from cancer? That immoral one?
listen close u stooge: I had cancer. That plan didnt save me. My own money did. Its as IMMORAL as anything ever done in this country.
Listen closer U STOOGE (Really? Schoolyard slang about life and death?) You're alive. Good for you. He wouldn't be but for....
I am very happy if he's ok. That though gives u NO RIGHT to bash some1 else that wasn't helped and never will be by a SHAM. Mind ur own biz.
So, it's okay to to say, I lived, so I don't care if you or yours do?
Where did I say I dont care if yours lived? I said Immediately I was happy he's ok. That sure doesnt make O-care great. He had no ins prior?
This discussion might have been better if you hadn't called me a stooge. You had a bad experience? We had a good one. Not about morality.
Dude, considering Trump's complete idiocy, that might not be a totally bad thing.
No. They’re just laughing at @realDonaldTrump like everyone else. #laughingstock
One thing I agree with you on. On healthcare, not so much.
Thank you! Sanity for a change.
Warmongering propganda.....
Hey, I know.  You can repeal and replace Kim Jong-Un
If I was Japan I'd be sweating. What do you think they should do?
Mr. Graham, with all due RESPECT SIR, that "FAT"little punk understands1thing, MISSLES lots of missiles
raining down on his fat little head
Yet clearly the American citizens have no desire to go to war!
Not sure if this is sarcasm. Aren't we already at war in at least four countries?
Exactly so they're wasting their time beating the war drum against North Korea .
When did you come to that awakening?
Stop tweeting & work towards a solution that doesn't  send American soldiers to war. Saber rattling & talking tough is not a strategy.
Slow your roll Lindsey. We are on the precipice of NUCLEAR war. You CAN'T be that much of a hawk....can you?
Clearly, we don't want a nuclear war. Please declare Trump mentally unfit, as have many notable psychiatrists, b 4 too late
How can we trust them not to give an H-bomb to ISIS? We must destroy them ASAP because it’s really a pay me now or pay more later situation.
Like u don't care about healthcare. Why so sneaky?
Actions speak louder than words.
I used to think Trump was the last person on the planet I would want to have access to nukes. Nope. It's most certainly @LindseyGrahamSC
Duh
Oh, aren't you a bright one. 
No kidding.  And being belligerent and starting a war with them is moronic.
Why shd thy
Leave them alone. Worry about the dangerous white supremacist and total embarrassment in the White House
So true. So what now?
So, you want war? If you're going to threaten war, be ready for it to go nuclear & fallout to land on South Korea, Japan, the Pacific etc.
To focused on trying to split US from ROK/Japan over credibility of extended deterrence.
sure USA gives a lot of importance like the invasion of Iraq for example where was UN authorization ?  USA cares two hoots for UN
So what do you want?  Nukes and war?
And you don't care about the American people you amnesty rino. Plz resign.
We need to take them out.
Dam you are smart ! Why Not use all those Brains to get some NUKES in SK and Japan  pull the Troops Out and shoot a missile over NK
Ya think.
Don't you teach Sunday school?
and u don't give a dam about our people & our infrastructure. U like all GOP work 4 special interest!
Which comes first, WW3, or impeachment? Impeachment may prevent WW3 as the WH & Tillering have done nothing but talk. GOP wants war it seems
Everyone needs to stop doing tricks with their guns before somebody gets hurt.
Trump has aggitated them on twitter time to have some experience and calm heads deal with the situation oh wait the GOP has nobody
THAT'S ME NOKO....??? DUNNO WHAT U MEAN....
Where Hell were you elite senators & Rep, 40 yrs ago!!! Should of let McArthur do his job, 65 yrs ago
Kim clearly understands that nukes help to protect him from attack by raising the stakes of any conflict. He’d be a fool to surrender them.
They don’t, but unfortunately there is no credible threat of military action.  Our allies (& our politicians) will shrink from the fight
Stay strong & tough, Senator! Keep aligned with @nikkihaley. She had a great WH briefing today.
The only one question. What are you going to do? To date it's been all talk, zero action!
Correct Mr Graham! And our Presidents' Pancho Villa macho tough hombre talk didn't help the situation either.
Nice of you to realize this now. They've only been like that since what, the 50's? I'm surprised you've even noticed now.
Dismantel there electrical and Carpet bomb the heck out of them
Dude, they're laughing @ our insane president. They think it's comical that their own leader isn't the only crazy asshole running a country.
If the world leaders don't punish North Korea they are cowards. Sadly World War 3 is inevitable now thanks to Trump.
Then you Congressional types need to quick talking and take some action. Trump needs support but you're too busy trashing him.
Serious curbs on Chinese and Russian trade w/ N. Korea are key. Unfortunately, neither country has been willing to take this step to date.
Let's nuke em!!!! Knucklehead
So? Blow up the world?  Or talk to them?
Time to take out the fat little chia pet once & for all
So your alternative is what, invasion?  Know any South Koreans?  Maybe talk to them first
It does seem to be altering their behavior somewhat. Haven't been any missiles flying near Guam. The last one avoided cities in Japan.
why should they when China gives them everything they want &need. Trading up since sanctions! PLEASE. Stop all trade with China, NOW!
ironic how Pres. Clinton, thru diplomacy, would have probably ended up in same place, and you would have called for "tough talk & sanctions"
Yeah, so let's nuke 'me and cause the deaths of 20 million people! That'll show 'em
Clearly your #healthcare bill will kill me. One disaster at a time please.
When have they ever cared about there own citizens
Are you surprising? Bad people do bad things.
Maybe you guys can fix healthcare first before you turn our children into mutated beasts? Just so U know
clearly.  Now What? Hey I have an idea how about actually talking to them and letting them in UN like they want
What a joke.
You don't give a da@## about our healthcare
Talk is cheap. Nobody proves this more than the GOP.
The fire always flickers the most violently in the dark before the candlelight is extinguished.
Lol wow dude have you been living under a rock?
Yes, but PLEASE keep our crazy ass wannabe dictator from going to war with the DPRK crazy ass dictator! Thanks!
Have you told this DJ this? He seems to think not
Ya think?  Kim Jun Weird Looking Guy is betting on the impotency of the world to do anything.  He may be right...tragically
Geeee, what was your first clue?
Maybe when unstable, dangerous @realDonaldTrump will stop tweeting and deal with Jong-un behind the scenes, the latter will calm down.
I posted that earlier, we r talking and they are perfecting their craft
No, they don't. They are a nuclear nation now.
I am pissed abt ur healthcare debacle
So let's nuke them? Then they nuke Japan and South Korea? And then what after that - China & Russia? Wars happen when people stop talking!
Keep talking....#nowar
Clearly. 45 has met his match.
Put on your uniform and ship yourself out to Korea.
Get em Mr. Graham
And you don't give a damn that a corrupt, treasonous, pathologically lying, racist fool has the codes to the nukes.
I think that harsh language isn't going to work.
Like how you don't give a damn about US poor? Nice health care repeal attempt you scalawag.
Nice use of the word scalawag. 
How about the state department use the experienced professionals we had before Exxon Rex started destroying state?
Duh. When did you figure that out? I can't believe how ignorant you are.
Kind of like you don't give a damn about the people of the US right .@LindseyGrahamSC #VoteHimOut #NoRepeal FIX IT!
It's shameful, that country finds it necessary 2 develop nuclear weapons 2 get equal treatment with developed nations.
Another empty suit attempting to justify his Senate seat. U & Mac, what a pair of D.C. Gators.
Trump threatening them on Twitter really has them scared.
Suit up and go get your war Graham.
Clearly you don’t give a damn about not involving us in another war. #diplomacy
Clearly you don't give a damn about your constituents and their pleas for you to stop killing healthcare.
So do something!!!
#ImpeachTrump he's the biggest threat to our country!
Then maybe the Diplomates should be put to work! You people are incompetent. Put your dam BIG boy pants on and act rational.
Ya think? Maybe if "tough talk" wasn't coming from a petulant man-baby  Fix this, Graham, do your job.
Lindsey your war mongering is showing again.. how many of your family members are going to be on the frontline of this war you want?
More than likely from the billions Obama gave Iran
Stop being a warmonger!  You want thousands or more killed?  You think China wants the US in a war next door?  Try some diplomacy first!!!
They're not taken in by Trump's ridiculous tough talk. Time for serious diplomacy. Anyone left at the State Dept? 
A bad leader goes to war, a Great Leader knows how to avoid it.
Clearly you and Repubs want to go to war. We are tired of the endless wars and loss of our young for @GOP war mongers.
Okay Lindsey so what is your plan? You do realize the North Korean people are also victims of the dictator. South Korea and Japan worried.
S T O P trying to get a buy in for war.  S T O P
You're right about the "tough talk." That's why skilled experienced diplomats are usually employed, not hucksters and oil execs.
Those who throw out their "Tough Talk" are often little guy's, with little penises threatening to throw big angry bombs.
Maybe you should take away their health care?
Uh, what was your first clue?
NK sees how america is pillaging the middle east. Theyre protecting themselves at all costs. Goin about it the only way the world knows hows
They dont give a damn bout trump either lol
It's time for real diplomacy, not Tough Talk and threats.  We need a real congress, state department and president not the jokers in office
For each missile shot over #Japan, we need to launch 1 from #Taiwan over #North Korea and land it 200 miles off #Wonsan in the Sea of Japan
I agree
and our Pres is more concerned with ESPN! We are doomed!

And so your solution is war? Tut tut sir.
stop you #warmonger
They're not scared of your fearless leader.  Nobody is.
So what r u trying to say? War, to satisfy ur diminished egos at the expense of our soldiers n our allies lives?
So what do you propose?
One word: Containment.
I'm sure IRAN is sending them big money , for every test they do. Thanks OBOMA
So genius what. .bomb them
Oh, you just figured that out? 
Or our nut job of a president
Ask yourself why aren't other countries asking questions??  You reap what you sow!!
@yashar Look at Ms. Lindsey talking all tough today.
And you don't give a damn about the health of the American people. It's all a game to you.
Clearly, they don't give a damn about @realDonaldTrump . We concur.
Obviously they do. That is why they reacted.
what country did react to sanctions? they all developed regardless, accept this reality, either we allow or we bomb, diplomacy does not work
What is your solution? Do you favor a military engagement?
Thought you've never tweeted? Haha
When have they ever?
The Trump Doctorine is to pursue empty bombast,which is Un's area of expertise. Get to work on impeachment while there is still a Japan.
And why should they? NK has heard us do nothing but talk for over a quarter of a century.
And why should they? They have heard us do o
Ya, think! They're getting everything they need from Putin!
But other than China what do we do?
They would if Russia and China played hard ball with us. Russia already owns us, they have no reason to play along. They supply NK nukes.
Write up a plan - there is no good option - if you have one that would be very helpful
And you just figured this out? I give you more credit than that...
Not when there are reports that Russia/Putin is ignoring sanctions and giving Un resources.
Want to start a nuclear war?
And you do not give a damn about a traitor in the White House! #ImpeachTrump
fact. 3,000 year-old, self-entitled ego embodied in a power-hungry troll of a man-child.
And you don't give a damn that the majority of Americans don't want repeal of ACA. Maddening, isn't it.
That is because they have Trump's number.  He is a windbag and a chicken hawk.  You know it and so do they
And? How about we concentrate our energy on solving our own country's issues.
Nope, they don't. It's time to remove Kim.
On this we agree. China has to cut off the head of the snake. N Korea is their child and they need to deal with them. Its the only way.
Actions from north korea, are falt of past administration and weak sennet and. Congress .your falt
not as long as we don't want ww3
But, seriously, what next? Bomb them into oblivion? China needs to take care of its little brother. Now.
Nuclear war is not the answer!
They never have! When are we going to stop pussyfooting around and end this BS?!? All this weakness enables him.
Clearly you don't give a damn about Americans with less money than you who have a hard time accessing healthcare #MedicaidAbolitionAct
And clearly U don't give a damn about the American people judging by the way you propose taking health care away from 10s of millions.
Gosh well then let's start a nuclear war
Obviously.
Fucking duh
What credible military option?  The point is there is not one.  Read the National Intelligence Estimates from the 90's...nothing has changed
Blow em up @LindseyGrahamSC but frankly I like the iPhone idea.
Yeah, lets start WWIII.  Do you think China will put up being doused with radioactive fallout.  One mistake and we are all dead.
N Korea deserves very strict action
See NK knows your distracted with kicking 32 million people off of healthcare that's more important smdh
No but we still need diplomacy
Becuz your party lacks credibility.
Obviously you dont give a damn about kicking 32 million people off of healthcare  NK sees how much you hate your own citizens
Ya think, GET IT TOGETHER boys and girls.  YOU LET TRUMP GET AWAY with CRAP, stood by and done nothing - ACTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES!!!!!
Yes, so what do you want to do? Go I to a war which will quickly wipe out the city of Seoul & result in 30 million deaths?
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan strongly condemned missile test by N>Korea,not acceptable,provocation,resolve issue peacefully..
See NK knows most Americans will die with your healthcare bill so they see how much our doing nothing GOP  Congress hates us
This is the dumbest thing I have read this morning
Lindsey yourself you were screaming to who ever can hear you about UN and its uselessness when they passed a resolution against Israel.
Probably takes those sanctions a while to "sink in".
