I don't remember you saying the same thing when @BarackObama said the SAME thing. Did you forget? #doublestandard
Obama told the Taliban how many he was sending and when we were pulling out!
We just announced the amount of troops without an end date.  Obama should have pulled out when he said since he got Bin Laden #toolong
Yep, but he didn't.
I like to be fair but remember we got Bin Laden on his watch. Just be fair
Just not true but I'm not going to argue the truth.  If you can't see that this POTUS is unhinged then let's move on. Good day
What? You didn't like him a few days ago. And he is NOT SMART. He read someone else's speech. Wait until toilet tweet time tomorrow morning.
Do you actually think any President writes their own speeches?! Didn't you watch West Wing, Madame Secretary or any other TV program?
Well, most presidents actually UNDERSTAND what they are reading...we will see his real thoughts tomorrow at "shitter Twitter time." :)
If you love the USA then why do you think the POTUS slogan MAGA? America is ALREADY Great.
Much better because he is...... just admit it!! #BIGOTRYisbad
Good try. But McConnell & Clapper are right.  Not Pence!  Let's declare illegitimate election & let Congress choose. 25th A NA Putin chose!
@LindseyGrahamSC ...Trump showed his smarts last night didn't he? I know you must be proud. #ImpeachTrump
Hey Lindsey? Why no POTUS love this morning? I thought he was presidential again?! No?
You're a traitor!  How dare you not stand up for American soldiers.  They are being sent to slaughter by a petulant child with no plan
Ha! You people are nuts! You frothed at the mouth until poor Steve Bannon felt it best to leave the WH while HE wanted to GET OUT. YOU D @$$
Btw we've been fighting over there for 15 YEARS!! lmfao you don't even realize men and women are over there fighting NOW. Go back to sleep.
You're a special kind of simple aren't you? Everyone knows how long we've been there however we adults are disputing sending more $ & troops
Still no strategy was laid out just more violence and destruction.  Perhaps you or your family should serve to understand better
Guess trump just peed in your cheerios tonight.
Too bad Lindsey didn't have the smarts to listen to the people who voted Trump in!
The LOVE of money is the root of ALL evil. Dear Lord, be with America's leaders. In the name of Jesus, I pray.
It's not his intelligence in question it's the fact he's a bully and childish when he doesn't get his way  he is dangerously  vindictive
How is this different from the Viet Nam war? We put a lot of effort into that and did not win.
I just threw up a little in my mouth. Someone used the words moral and trump in same sentence? You're so sad @LindseyGrahamSC
Jesus died for your sins as well as Donald Trump's also!
Yes! He did! Even those who come at the 11th hour. We can pray for him and still want him out of office. I don't want a serial killer
Do you seriously believe that? No really... do you believe that?
Listen to the people of South Carolina stay off TV
How did you go from this FOX tweet to this only a few days ago?
You sure changed your tune Mr. Graham.
That's why he has them you and your brother should grow so balls and back him up on health care and be Americans.

I want one!
I'm watching this with the sound off b/c you are such a beautiful man @LindseyGrahamSC and trumpspeak ruins the experience. 
WHAT???? Done with you @LindseyGrahamSC !
Actually I believe he is too lazy to take charge, better to let the generals take the lead and the risk and the blame down the road
Excuse me! How soon we forget. It was President Bush that agreed with the Ex President of Iraq that we would leave on the date we left.
He has no smarts. Do not approve Sam Clovis. He is a disgrace and you will be too if you vote for him.
Flip flop
You might want to take another background check on DT senator.
But not to the scientists about looking at the eclipse without protective glasses. LOUIS IV eat your heart out. Just who took that picture ?
Bull Crap!
In other words - 'Trump needs babysitters, lets flatter him into listening to them.'
Say what? Graham is being pretty ridiculous.
You're a rino and a traitor to our beloved president
Senator - you seem to be intelligent. Trump is morally bankrupt and in bed with neo Nazis. He isn't listening to his generals #Impeachment
Well, this hot take didn't take long to spoil- like raw meat in the South Carolina sun.
Everyone agree?

I am in SC and I will go door to door so that @LindseyGrahamSC IS voted out!
Pfft.
Lindsey Graham is worried, his days are numbered in Congress!TURNCOAT
Hahahaha lulz
Senator Graham, did you listen to wackadoo @realDonaldTrump in Phoenix?
I just got done sending you some really nice tweets. Then I saw this comment. I really want to like you, but man you are making it HARD.
I guess that shit goes out the window after tonight's lunacy...When is it going to be the last straw? #countrybeforeparty
I guess the people of color go-fast fight his War for him black and Mexican and Indians and he will have an all-white America again
Courage? How does courage apply? Smarts? He aproval has gone down since he took office.
Donald Trump messing with other people he can't even straighten the war he got out and United States with people of color
Trump can read a speach on a teleprompter. The real Trump is heard in his interjections. You insult the People of America when you voice BS
Is this the best South Carolina can send to Washington? What ever he says you can believe it is not in best interest of america!!
What a liar this man is. So pathetic. How many years do we have to put up with him?
Seriously, Senator, You know better!
I have watched him for 20 minutes-DO YOUR JOB AND GET HIM OUT. This is not Presidential AND YOU KNOW IT
We know he is REPULSIVE, but it is physically painful to watch leader of this country COME UNGLUED HIDEOUSLY while "representing" "US" in AZ
Senator G, I'm watching Trump in Arizona.Do you still think he is "smart and has moral courage"??? You KNEW this was going to happen.
Pelosi is a delusional laughing hyena and she misleads her base. Democrats will never be in the WH again. #DirtyMoney #Corruption #Lies
.@LindseyGrahamSC be like:
Cuck.
Moral courage to stand up to generals? Yeah, right!
Baa-haa. The exact opposite is true. #Trump is clueless & delusional . #TrumpRussia #ObstructionOfJustice #SmellOfTreason #NotOurPresident
Does the moron have a choice?!
Not today, haven't thought much of Graham in a long time
Really?
Make up your mind Lindsey......#Two-Faced
The guy that couldn't spell heal? Really?
Its enough for Pakistan, we r not supporting terrorists, let USA fight them alone. Pakistan will not bear threats lightly, think twice pl.
That is a complete BULLSHIT.Trump is trying to be Pontius Pilate.Trump cannot be trusted.With no time trump be calling Generals not smart...
Trump is Curse of God Almighty to american people.
I wish someone would call me smart and courageous for simply listening to qualified people.


He has to, he can't make a decision.
You act like he was planning on doing something else? He's always told us what he would do, that's why we elected him and not you
This does not make up for all the times you've tried to cut him off. Go away
wasting taxpayer money & lives doing something that will never work war never stops war.Only fools think it does.Fools like McCain&Graham
If Graham wants to fight so much give him a uniform and a gun and send him over there. He don't have a problem sending others to die
That shows you how dumb sen. Graham is he thinks Trump has smarts.That shows your ignorance senator. Graham is bought & paid 4 by military
Pathetic apologist for a liar, traitor and worst president ever. @SenateGOP
That is an out & out lie. He listens to no one & cares not what anyone else thinks
#NotMyPresident 
#ImpeachTrump
How completely incorrect can you be, Trump is nothing but a lying narcissist... End of list.
Generals or genitals?
Since when are we just hoping??
What, wait, WTF? Smarts? Moral courage? Are you high?
Pakistan will not accept to be scape goat fr US failures in Afg US is dmndng fm Pak wch US n NATO combined cud not achv in 16 yrs wt $1000bn
Haha smarts? You called him smart?  Bunch of BS and he has no clue what he is doing.  You all love war.
You just lost my vote!
Lindsey wants a War.
It is about time you support our POTUS, America is watching!!!
Ahhh Hahahahaha . You've lost it Graham. Or, you've been threatened by your party or trump over prior criticisms. Coward.
@potus read a speech written by Stephen Miller laced with gibberish that he didn't understand. No 'moral courage' involved. #FlipFlopSenator
That's debatable, and Trump has no smarts or moral courage, Trump is not capable of listening, he says he does then does the opposite.
Lindsey Graham, shut up bootlicker.
Moral courage? Moral courage? Moral Courage? Not only does #LiarInChief not have it, neither does #TrumpApologist @LindseyGrahamSC #Resist
Of coarse a rhino neocon like Lindsey Graham would love a hawkish stance from the president
Hopefully more politicians in Washington will come to realize they aren't Generals either. Let the pros do their job.
LOLOLOLOLOL. putting trump in the same sentence with smarts, moral courage, and listen?   LOLOLOLOLOL. Now that is pure comedy. Thank you.
Ahahahaha ha! Trump has the "smarts?"
You are talking about a dude that stared at the solar eclipse.
Seriously?
Being citizen Pakistan I advised Americans to stop further interference otherwise we defend our Country and use any weapon against American.
Never thought I would say this, but Thank You Lindsey Graham
16 years of war. 2200 Americans dead. $1 trillion cost. And this nut wants more of the same. Insane
About Time Senator Graham
Someone should write a book called the Art of BS by the GOP.
Evidently #LindseyGraham no longer cares if America gets destroyed? #complicit #TrumpRussia #LockHimUp too.
Finally!  Thank you.
Should be listening to RETIRED generals who no longer have to answer to chain of command, providing truthful answers without jeopardy.
Lol you said morals and @realDonaldTrump  in the same sentence! Lol hahahahhaha
yes. Just like their advice on the Transgender. Oh wait! The clown didn't consult them!!! @realDonaldTrump
, this is WHY President Trump is focused on Trust worthy people in his office!! AND why WE THE PEOPLE voted him in
Like he consulted the Pentagon before Tweeting a Trans military ban! NO! He literally does not have 'smarts' to listen and take advice!
Trump loves war and the generals who attended west point go to war College not peace college.this war is 16 years old and can't be won
lol yeah because We Are Going to War...Damn Y'all are a Major American NewsSource who's about to be Surprised...Y'all Fired...Git Outta Here
You will always LOSE!!!
That headline has at least two lies in it.
Except that time when DT hate-tweeted against transgender troops, or that time he said he liked soliders who weren't captured, or ...
I'd like to think you are aware that the silent majority is still being silent while we watch the news circus.  We'd vote for him again
And of course good ole "fake news" @FoxNews has the interview 
#Hypocrite
Hard to hear MORAL COURAGE and #Drumpf in the same sentence!! Senator @realDonaldTrump #MISSINGMORALCOMPASS
trump has alzheimer's & can't find his way 2 his own car when he gets off a  plane & is only good for reading from prompter & grabbing women

Lindsey can hear the footsteps of those coming for his job. Trying to grow a spine and a set of balls. Too late, Lindsey.
Sometimes
something that the pussy potus #44 did not do #MAGA
You have to support him domestically not just militarily.
Let's get 100% behind our President.  Keep your personal feelings OUT of it and that means for the good of the people not the damn parties!
He's smart cause this somehow benefits you @LindseyGrahamSC .. More war must put American tax payer money in your pockets..
So he stayed on script for one night because he was exhausted. Tomorrow he'll go off the rails again. #25thAmendmentNow
Trump has zero moral-anything. Shane on you, Lindsey
Wow u must be proud supporting a draft dodging, p*ssy grabbing, bigot who has no moral center.  Am I referring to 45 or the men at Fox?
Please shut up.
And who do u listen too. Stop bro u couldn't even rate in primaries stop w ur good or bad ops. Don't care w u think. MAGA
#fox now sucks
Never imagined *anyone* starting a sentence with "President Trump has the smarts and moral courage..."
Even if we assume that this is the perfect military strategy, it's going too far to attribute smarts & moral courage to @realDonaldTrump.
Morals and Trump in the same sentence lmfao!!!
Smarts and Courage?  You called him a jackass. Even you would be able to read the words off a teleprompter!? Well, maybe I've gone to far.
Smarts? Moral Courage? Trump has No Morals! No Courage! He isn't Smart! He's a Dumbass He can't spell/tell the difference between heel&heal
This is the most blatant example of the Washington political games going on since Trump was elected. I hope voters are paying attention !
@LindseyGrahamSC Trump is only as good as his speech writer. Don't fall for his BS, he's clueless.
Good to see you saying something worth saying... and being positive. That is what our nation needs
I AM SUROUNDED BY TOTAL MORONS
Morally bankrupt, known coward what the heck you talking about
Isn't @realDonaldTrump "smarter than the generals"? Shouldn't the generals take #POTUS' advice? #TrumpLogic #MAGA
Trump made it very clear he thinks he's smarter than all the generals and his idiotic supporters bought into it. The man is a fraud.
Gee what a change from when he said he is smarter then all the Generals.
You're confused again Lindsey. Take your meds and swing back to the good Lindsey.
This is how we talk the toddler into putting down the big knife... you're such a big boy - can Mommy hold that knife for you?
Heel! Sit! Stay! Roll over! Good boy @LindseyGrahamSC Here's a nice biscuit for you & one for the propaganda network. Arf! Arf!
Trump isn't smarts enough to go pee pee by himself
@realDonaldTrump is a joke who reads like a school grade boy from a Teleprompter sounding like a Lame Duck
#Sad #Weak #Compromised #Conman
@LindseyGrahamSC is now Trumps warmonger stooge. Disgusted.
That's why he hired them - discipline and the pursuit of liberty. They are trained to have each other's back - just like our PRESIDENT !!!
Why is this man & his bff McCain praising DJT on this could it be connected to being on a leaked list of six GOP trying to oust him?
Your dizzying vacillations re: Trump make you complicit in whatever (additional) bad things happen due to *45's "leadership." #RESIGN45
losers losers hahahahahahaha
You mean those Generals that were reduced to rubble?
failed In Afghanistan, nd now accusing Pak fr their failure.This is all because of our foreign policies
Damn these WAR mongering RINO's sure chipper up when WAR is on the horizon. Now they 'approve' of @POTUS . $$$ making business.
I see twitter has a lot of brainless Libs. I get sick seeing so many .
@LindseyGrahamSC is a cuckold.
He is as dumb as a box of rocks
Did you actually call him smart...drinks for everyone. Where have our standards gone?
Whay you say about his smarts and moral courage is right.  What is wrong is their is no conviction in your words.  You are the waffler.
@LindseyGrahamSC finally crawling out of the swamp. Too little, too late, and you never wanted to make America great again! We see u
He has neither. What he has is pressure to pull his head from his ass. That's not smarts or courage. He's afraid.
From right-side of mouth. Stay tuned for left-size of mouth....
Wait did u say Trump has the 'smarts'? What did Trump tweet say about u last week? U obviously don't have the smarts! He listens to no one!
Is this one of those 'know your audience' kind of things, since you're on Fox News?
Well, that's a twist hearing that from hum
https://twitter.com/gingrich_of_pa/status/899817316153774081 …
@LindseyGrahamSC ....You are up there with @realDonaldTrump and @KellyannePolls. American disgrace 101
You make  yourself hate  again  by world
Really???   He's a draft dodging, eclipse watching, philanderer.  He's got NO courage or morality or smarts
Hell Yes! #PROUDTOFROMSC
FINALLY you show the FIRE within.  Thank you for supporting OUR President.  Thank you for telling POTUS to be strong & resolute. #KICKASS
Alternative facts. We know you hate the guy Lindsey. Don't try to defend him.
Now you have learned #LinseyGraham that "smarts & moral courage" are words that will never apply to "flip flop" @realDonaldTrump #LOCKHIMUP
Amen!
AMEN..LORD HAVE MERCY CHRIST HAVE MERCY AND PROTECT HIM N HIS FAMILY..EXCUSE CAPS HANDS CRIPPLING N LAZY..LOL
@realDonaldTrump is a Nazi & KKK sympathizer 

#TrumpResign
@realDonaldTrump is a disgrace to our country.

#TrumpResign
Lindy did you say Trump has smarts and moral courage?  That's pretty funny.  You're as weak as he is by keeping Trump in office. Grow a pair
What's wrong Soros quit giving you money??
But is he smart enough with the "moral standing" to keep his hate speech out of Arizona tonight? Will he actually pardon a corrupt Sheriff?
