Graham you are a hack.
When will they work together? Why don't you ask McConnell? Never heard you criticize him for obstruction.... #HYPOCRISY
Why can't you all work together now? People are tired of this from both sides.
why does it have to collapse? How about working together TODAY?
correct!! Stop the hating and work together now, kids!
I know! If the "kids" actually cared about constituents, they'd try to find a pathway not so divisive.
well the dimmz don't,  they want to cover their ass with Russian lies.
@SenJohnMcCain WORK w/Dems-IMPROVE ACA! U work 4US-AMERICANS! STOP w/GOPvsDEM, do your job for ALL Americans!@SpeakerRyan
Appears Graham has a lot of Dem supporters.
Me &HARD WORKING AMERICANS rely on ACA LAW. How dare u wish ME/FAMILY collapse. Get w/DEMS &make it better! STOPw/repeal
You are a true embarrassment to the United States. World schools use you as an example of what corruption does to Republic.
Awwwww....Yeah what happened to Senator. How can you gleefully proclaim this with such zeal & malice for your constituents?
GOP should be ashamed.Wouldnt meet Garland&act as if Dems should approve the stolen SCOTUS seat while djt is investigated.
ACA isn't going to collapse, Senator Ham Biscuits. You should take constituents' concerns seriously & fix issues you avoided for 7 years.
Obamacare is going to collapse and Democrats are rightfully going to be blamed for it.
do you believe your own bull? Make O'care collapse and see what happens to the #Nazi #Putin Republican Party
Yet why no effort to work together before then? I remember, Rs need ACA to fail (even under their watch) to say "I told you so"
Why can’t you folks fix healthcare?
Yes, I'll be sad if 20 million people lose healthcare. You on the other hand seem to be hoping that happens.
we the people are totally disgusted with the so called Republican congress. You care nothing about us voters. Disgusted
why don't I actually fix the insurance companies GREEDY grabs. Ur smart. Fix the parts that We tell u needs 2 b fixed.
it is pretty easy to link GOTP ties to RUSSIA, SHOULD BE A BREEZE TO FIND GOTP ties to Insurance companies.
add ND,OK, MI, GA, LA, CA & IT RESEMBLES THE ST. MOST EFFECTED BY PIPELINES, ASIDE FROM ND, THOSE ARE VERY DIVERSE STATES.
that kind of thinking could get me rewarded in the GOTP. I JUST REALIZED WHY BUSH didn't have an immigration policy. He did
Don't you have an intern somewhere you're supposed to be molesting?
Make a tight fist and proceed with striking yourself about that face area
U should be happy too, u can reach out to Dems to make a better bill for everyone. This one was a dog.
grow up traitor
When are you joining the Democratic Party?
Where is YOUR plan? The Senate can create bills too...
.@LindseyGrahamSC and when it does't collapse, then what will you do, Senator?
maybe it won't collapse but premiums and deductibles will sky rocket. Much better I guess.
Maybe you could try it today?
oh bless your lil heart, O'Care was pretty similar to ROMNEYcare hunny. How dare u act like you want to work on anything.
retire RINO.
Why didn't you do that from the beginning? You thought you didn't have to didn't you?  You guys are sad, sad people
When it does? Work now to make the ACA better. It is your job to make life better for us, not wish and wait for pain.
At your age and in your position you should know that apostrophes aren't used to make plurals, even for abbreviations.
We know how to use the internet Obamacare is NOT collapsing. Stop using TX AZ UT as examples were not stupid.
Well good luck then! Hope it isn't urgent care.
Please Sit down with Dems and FIX Obamacare. DO YOUR JOB and represent us..
Dems and GOP ought to work together to improve Obamacare now. Bipartisanship should not be a lost art.
retire
no one is "happy" that your party had 7 years to offer US the health plan YOU have and you didnt. We pay for Yours. Do it
Maybe if you had spent the last 7 years coming up with something better or a way to fix ACA! But no.... just hope for a collapse
so if the freedom caucus ahles wont do it get your assend to work and find enough dems and DO SOMETHING you know legislate
U should be working to protect our democracy & get independent investigation ofTrump/Putin ties. if dem did what DT did....
Don't be an ass, you repugs had years to work with the Dems on healthcare, you stonewalled and refused to.
So will the 20+ million that deed on it.
Like "When WE get to do it, the Dems are obligated to work with us"? No. Its YOU who are obligated to compromise. It's law!
In the meantime we are hurting financially and physically. Lost GP and surgeon. Can't go across state line. Need help now.
where were the republicans for the last eight years on health care? You call for cooperstion only now when it costs you.
...wishing you were LESS RHINO and more true to GOP and We the People.  Pelosi and Schummer walk all over GOP.  Lead!!!
What happened to your plan for the past 7 years? #right DID NOT work together & actually refused 2do their elected job #WHY
If you really want cooperation and for people to stop yelling, try supporting Obamacare instead of making it collapse
why wait? Start now on "fixing" ACA.  That's what Dems want! Should be what we ALL want!
Strongly agree that R's & D's should work tgthr. How to you move past each parties respective stance on repeal/improve?
how bout before ??
hey, Lindsay, why not work to fix healthcare for American instead of tax break for the rich? Medicare for all.
It's not about Democrats. Some of ur fellow GOP didn't want #Trumpcare either.Bad bill. Instead of crowing FIX IT. #Resist
When people like you are out of government...that's when they will work together!
it wouldn't collapse if you worked ON THAT. Then we could keep our insurance, but you don't really give a Fuck , do you?
If you want R's & D's to work together, you'll have to work on skills of @POTUS and @VP (not to mention rest of Team Trump)
disgusting that you and your party are wishing for collapse instead of being proactive. Dems have tried to work to repair
Yes work together to fix as Dems shut out of this rushed  immoral death bill that I know you would not have supported.
especially with Mercer, Bannon, and Putin around to pull Trump's strings.  Meanwhile, you try to cram through your garbage.
is that REPUBLICANS sabotaged it!  And it's not Obamas bill, it's YOUR bill now, and you can FIX it!
It is ridiculously transparent the script you all were told to read and say ACA is collapsing. What you don't think we know
It's all in writing.  And YES!  You could collaborate by putting those provisions back in place that incent insurers.
Your peers purposely passed legislation that pulled one leg out from ACA's stool that was necessary to stabilize a new law
Stop the lying!!  Americans are smarter than you give them credit!  We know that Sessions and his ilk sabotaged the ACA.
what I am not happy abt is the orange ass clown who is clueless and blames everyone for his bullshit. You own the govt
Major d*ck   hope you lose your seat
You has 7 years to make it better. America is awake!!! Last time you will win in SC. Party of #trump
TrumpCare failed bc it is a disaster. That has NOTHING to do with the Democrats or ObamaCare. 
Maybe it is the way I was brought up, but I believe it is our working age generation to take responsibility and pay for 1/
Isn't that what POTUS is hired to do? Fix it! Fix it, not make it worse by giving the 1% of the wealthy a huge tax cut.
Oh, Sen. Graham. You're smarter than this. POTUS never even tried to sway D's. He couldn't even sway R's!
.@LindseyGrahamSC if only healthcare were as abundant as incorrectly used apostrophes. #healthcareforall
.@LindseyGrahamSC Rs don't give a whit about health care. Look at last-minute negotiations w/Freedom Caucus. Even more cruel didn't work.
The ACA is not in danger of "collapsing" or in a "death spiral" except in the minds of delusional Republicans.
@SenFeinstein @KamalaHarris hope you work together now, not wait, on #HealthCareReform
BREAKING NEWS

We found the leaker in the White House

#TrumpLeaks
you about you hold the president accountable for his false claims and lies?
Don't let it collapse, FIX IT! We all know it's not perfect but what new prog ever has been? #tweakit #fixobamacare #fixaca #work2gether
make sure GOP doesn't make collapse by not enforcing tax . Read that IRS told to back off on those who aren't insured.
...Bipartisan should not be 3rd option!!  United Congress = United America.  Help pull it off and u get my Indipendent vote
you know who looses the American people. So fix the fucking ACA cause people rely on it and then we can go back to usual
your the one should be sad 9 yrs and now you want to work with the Dem's to write a plan. U refused 2 work w/Obama. Unity
y not work together b4 it collapses? so glad we have a POTUS who is man of the ppl
Maybe the R's should have asked the D's to join in the discussion.  D's are not happy either but now this one's on R's.
you didn't ask
there are now three parties in America. Dems,repub and conservative repub who control the repub party. Think about it.
I have new found respect for you. U say it as u see it no matter what the persons title President or not.
Disingenuous at best you know damn well the sabotage was in on day one, you guys blew your chance people know now
Ya, maybe you guys should have worked with D's in the first place.
Senator it seems the maj of Americans want to,keep the ACA. Isn't still a govt for the people? Why is GOP so against. Ivote
making $174K/yr + first-rate FEHBP healthcare, yet you wish healthcare failure on the rest of us not so fortunate? Shame!
You are naive if u think the left's ideology will reach across the aisle. You will be taken again.
Too late. We're divorcing you and taking the country with us.  You never loved it as much as your party anyway
The ACA blood is in your hands!!
Just a quick question. How the hell can you justify @IvankaTrump being in the White House?
As an elected leader, you should be working to improve ACA, not rooting for "collapse".  Shame on you.
you're supposed to work together so it doesn't collapse. You have ONE JOB.
Why hasn't the GOP agreed to negotiate medical prices, import prescriptions, and increase competition? Lobbying $$$?
Trumpcare would charge seniors 5x as much. USA Today said average 60 year old would pay $17,900 for Trumpcare per year
GOP have obstructed improvements to the ACA while being in the majority for years. Every huge bill needs tweaks for 15years
will that happen around the time your current regime implodes?
Now its time to expand Medicaid in South Carolina, reduce age for Medicare and put the public option back in
You do realize Obamacare was 1000x's better than that crap the GOP was spreading.  FIX OBAMACARE! or you can go home buddy.
Well well, Dems asked for a fix and you guys said no. Reep what you sow.
Quit rooting for people to not have insurance! Makes you look mean. Work for lower drug prices not CEO tax breaks.
Why should Dems work with you? You had your chance in 2009. Screw you and your party.
You could have worked with Dems, when ACA was designed, but the #GOP refused. Under #trump, this will be way more difficult
Be nice if you could do that before we all die. U ask D's to work, but R's haven't for 8 years. Now U know how they felt.
here's a thought: quit perpetuating fear-based lies and work on tweaking it. You are better than this childishness.
says something about your character when you hope for Americans to lose health insurance so @GOP can "beat" the other side.
Why don't you fix it before it collapses? Show the leadership skills you claimed to have when running for Pres!
Together for the greater good of America
under his OATH it is his JOB to make sure this COLLAPSE does NOT happen ,IT CAN BE FIXED JUST DO IT AND STOP FIGHTING !
What you call Obamacare and so detest is actually the American healthcare system. Wanting it to collapse is traitorous.
instead how about working NOW!  My family depends on ACA for insurance. Get off your high horse and HELP US!
I'm happy now only because my child with PECs will still have insurance. I'll be ecstatic when you pass #singlepayer.
and all our suffering is a big joke to you, isn't it? You should be ashamed of your infantile tweets!
why is#ACA facing difficulties? @GOP eviscerated it. You put your cronies & lobbyists ahead of the average citizen.
Why don't you make an effort to FIX the ACA, not destroy it. Your credibility loses with remarks like that.
you should have been working together on this from the beginning.  Cruel, heartless to say when it collapses. Typical
maybe you should take the initiative and contact the dems BEFORE Obamacare fails. Don't care about your 1.1M constituents?
You will come out if the closet before ACA collapses. IOW it is here to stay. Why not work to make it better instead of sabotaging it?
Why not use the Obamcare base and fix it!!!! Where it works it works great but where it wasn't expanded it stinks!
Plain arrogance... Don't blame the DEMOS it's you and the GOPS fault. Get to work and do your job!! FIX IT!!
Why do you have to wait until this collapses to work w/ the Democrats?
we would like our congress to work together across aisle to fix ACA.  Stop politicizing healthcare.
If you cut the funding you will be sorry 
We are watching
.@LindseyGrahamSC I won't have healthcare with a plan that has HSA or high risk pool. I will have untreated hereditary high bp. 
but you are on the right track by encouraging bi partisan work on this. America is great when both parties work together
.@LindseyGrahamSC Why not work together now? Lift medicare tax cap. Expand medicaid around country. Help the few failing Xs. My ded: $1500
The ACA won't collapse unless sabotaged. But thank you for offering to work w/dems to tweak Obamacare! Americans want that!
Sen Graham - no gloating here. Why can't we work 2gether now, BEFORE it is defunded and collapses?
Wealthy friends have multiple homes & live very well off investment income. Why do they need more advantages/tax cuts?
- it failed because of REPS.  You own it, accept it and stop blaming DEMS.
why didn't you do it right to begin with instead of trying to ram a horrible bill through?
Repair the ACA and keep partisan politics out of the equation!
why don't you approach the Dems and suggest you work on it together
Maybe if Y'all stop taking million$ in Health Ins. Co. donations y'all could make a decent Affordable Healthcare Bill. #ACA
Now that your party has done a max to sabotage the ACA, I can see how think it's going to collapse. Know that...
...you disappoint many of us out here. We were thinking that you just might be one of the rare adults in the GOP.
Why would you say such an egregious lie? Not collapsing. With R support/effort it can work better. That should be the plan.
irresponsible for you or POTUS to let it collapse. Hurts innocent people. Reform it!
@DeborahOchoa07 I respectfully disagree @LindseyGrahamSC it appears there was never opportunity to study bill, or DISCUSS! That is on u @GOP
why don’t you start working on fixing ACA, quit calling it obamcare. your dumb constituents don’t know it is really ACA.
@DeborahOchoa07  stop pointing fingers,who owns what,we all own OCare, like SS & IRS. How about being 4 the America People.
stop big business in pocket of lawmakers and something may actually get done
instead of gloating over the potential for collapse, how about you work to fix it? Oh, I know: that would involve work.
dude, you get free health care for being an elected official!!  so that makes you a socialist!
how about working together now
u sound like your lying, blaming boss. If u don't work together you're fired grandpa senile biscuits.
WE KNOW DARN WELL IT WONT COLLAPSE! What nonsense!! It needs a few tweaks in each state, stop BSing Us , WE DONT LIKE IT!
And how long will that take, meantime we the people suffer. You suffering! NOPE!!
The only way Obamacare fails is if GOP sabotaged it...as you've done since Day 1. The hypocrisy of the GOP is breathtaking
Why does ACA have to collapse? Start bipartisan efforts to fix it now. #WinWin for R and D Congress, for Americans-#Hope
It's your fault more than theirs. U played politics but could have been working on making it better. That's all GOP does.
You play politics with people's lives and the earth that sustains that life.  And you claim to be Christian?   Hypocrisy.
Very disturbing statement. Hoping for failure is disturbing. (R) need to stop making this statement, we would never tell...
our children we hope they fail. We tell to learn from their mistakes and move on to a positive solution. WRONG MESSAGE!
I want both parties to work together. I know #Obamacare needs work.
how many times did @POTUS or @SpeakerRyan call @HouseDemocrats to work on #ahca?
@HouseGOP how many years have you had to come up with a viable alternative?
Wjy didn't you do that in the first place? Bad look for you and Rs. Figure out #RussiaGate first!
You're phony tax scheme failed you're a traitor a loser preying on innocent ppl to pad your own pocket your timer is on
This demo agrees. Must work together.
.Modify ACA or give us Medicare 4 everyone. Never repeal. That is asinine.WeTP demand that craziness stops.We r your bosses
so work WITH Dems for something it's clear the populace WANTS!  Govern....not partisanship!
I think happy is the wrong word. We're feeling relief. People would've been without insurance or w/o needed provisions.
FIX IT. The people want health care.
wld u wait till it collapses re: ur comment @ d townhall mting? We're pple 1st b4 we're Rs or Ds. Let's work togther.
No one should get all they want, you're right. But lots do not agree with you on that including others in GOP. I do agree
all in the GOP don't agree with working together for the good of USA.  I do.  But we must have health care for all.
how about you and the others give up your plush lifelong healthcare?  Lifelong!  You could care less about ur constituents
