Wait was it punishment and smite; or instead the earth reminding us it can take us at anything. It wants. People need to find commonsense

It's a joke. And they voted for a racist, sexist, robber barron. So we have jokes, they destroy country.
Which God would that be? Helios? Apollo?  The Lord of Light?
Proverbs 18:10
The name of the #Lord is a strong #tower; The righteous run to it and are safe.
John 14:27
Peace I leave with you, My #peace I give to you; not as the #world gives do I give to you. Let not your #heart be [1/2]
Proverbs 22:15
Foolishness is bound up in the #heart of a #child; The #rod of #correction will drive it far from him.
It was actually Trump - you should be grateful to him!
You can't just coopt science as "God" when it's convenient to do so...
God's wonders are amazing
It's science, genius. Did you go to elementary school? That's when they taught  it.
Thank you math...without which this would have been a total surprise and probably pretty scary.
Phil mcleod
The four biggest controversies surrounding Trump’s D.C. hotel
Thank you science for telling you when it would occur
Lindsey Graham worships the moon?
Yup, she is pretty amazing. 
The total eclipse is a perfect metaphor for the thought process of Graham/McCain.
Thank you Science!!
I heard it was Satan that controls eclipses. God does a lot of stuff too but you gotta give the devil his due here, Lindsey. Or was it Ra?
There in lies the problem they don't believe in God. Thank God for Science .To everything give thanks.
Please God. I would go to church every day for the rest of my days
And THANK YOU to Sir Isaac Newton.
I would surely thank god if the NAZI in the WH  were removed from office. Work on that.
Science,  this article is from 1932
How about NASA? Oh that's right, you like to cut or underfund that one.
Did you mean "nature" or "science?" Either would be more correct than 'magic.'
Proud of the president? Moral courage? Not only does #LiarInChief not have it, neither does #TrumpApologist @LindseyGrahamSC #Resist
You spelled "science" wrong.
Nice 1
Yes. Only God could upstage Trump's distraction circus. God says "You think Trump's good at this? Look here!"
THANK  SCIENCE CAUSE U WLDNT KNOW IT WAS AN ECLIPSE IF SCIENTIST DIDNT TELL U
I hate to tell you this but God has noting to do with eclipses.
its a #ScienceGame
It was incredible. For a few minutes we forgot about the traitor in the White House. #ImpeachTrump
And like you.
Thank you GOD for getting all of these crazy old shriveled up white men out of our government    #DraintheGOPSwamp   #TermLimits
Thank you mother nature...
Why are we as taxpayers paying for the Secret Service to rent a Golf Cart in protecting Trump. He profits $$$ from his protection using tax$
Trump and his family traveling on business has cost taxpayers more in 6 mos than Pres Obama in 8 yrs.If he doesn't like living in WH why run
He's not listening to you.
It rained in Charleston, SC.  The eclipse was not seen, only the darkness.
So how did you know the eclipse was going to happen today? Did god tell you? No. He didn't. Scientists told you.
So arrogant. Thinks god invented eclipse for his personal entertainment.
Not even God will be there for you come reelection.
Agreed Senator. Amazing blessing to see it.
With all he science today would like to ask you to vote against Sam Clovis for chief scientist at EPA .He is not a scientist,unqualified

Don't forget Jesus! Thank you science.
You're welcome.
Be careful what you say. The eclipse was predicted by scientists. Scientists also predicted climate change.
That wasn't god. It was science.
Science no gods needed
and thank you #SCIENTSTS who accurately predicted it! If you believe them on this, why not on #climatechange ?
Too bad you don't believe in science.
Thank you moon
Thank you SCIENTISTS for predicting exactly when & where it would happen & creating glasses that were safe for viewing it!
With or without supplication. Whew!
You do know what your constituents want to hear. Superstitious nonsense.
Regardless of your political views that isn't in line with my views, I agree with you on this one thing:

GOD is truly awesome!
#eclispe2017
Wasn't it amazing! May it be a sign of hope.
If a god did do this then you #climatechangedeniers all just missed the point
Actually also thanks to fake news CNN for uniting Americans to view it!  Lol
nobody, nor anything to thank, just observe and enjoy.
God says "Shut up and impeach, coward"
Glad you got to enjoy it.
You misspelled, "science," there.
Why aren't you working on expelling @MariaChappelleN. She is a terrorist.
I'll absolutely thank you if you help dump President Extremely Dangerous!
Cool!
This tweet is why I'm no longer a Republican, common Lindsay you know better than that right? TY for the sanity but this is crazy
You're welcome Lindsey. Now get back to work and act like a REAL Republican. - God
If you want to spread Christianity in America, impeach him.  Multitudes will be on their knees exclaiming "Thank God" and "Thank you Jesus".
God?
Are you listening to Pink Floyd, like me, while watching?  
Now you can go back to undermining your President.
You're welcome - DJT (he asked me to forward)
Lindsay,

Please tell your colleagues that the exacting eclipse prediction was science, the same science that explains climate change.
Trump: "You're Welcome Lindsey"
Or Aztec scientists
Thank you moon!
How much did Hillary pay you?

Science doesn't create.

Science observes 

Jesus Christ created, now science can observe.
Praise Jesus!
Jesus Christ IS God
Oh, just stop.  If there was a God, he wouldnt let us mathematically figure out how he does everything.
LOL.   No.
You better get it together on tax cuts or your running mate will be the new senator. We're not paying you to do NOTHING & fight POTUS!
Now get to work and impeach Trump!!
Let's see if the Americannpeople can eclipse this Presidency
Did God tell you when to watch? Or did scientists?
glad you were ready for the eclipse!Now get ready to support our President the way we thepeople voted you to do.With Gods guidance
Amen

Not so fast there Senator. He also gave us Trump.
I see you had your glasses on, sorta your TRUST god but VERIFY with science moment?
Thank you God? He had nothing to do with it. Incredible how scientists can predict what this god of yours is going to do.
For crap sake! God doesn't exist or there would be no Trump, son of kkk.
#ThankYouScience, too. #scienceISreal
God. Lol
Please. Stop with the God nonsense.
Science! Thank science!
* science. Not god
Lindsey once in a blue moon looking solar eclipse that makes you cool you should've advice to JohnMcChain who is too obsessed with the earth
How great Thou art!!!
Who knew this would offend so many? I'm not real religious but 97% of scientists have no idea what caused the Big Bang.
One dim bulb.
@god says oust Trump
I was lucky enough to get a selfie with the eclipse
Who do we thank for @realDonaldTrump as @POTUS ?  Not god.  You.
See Lindsay, you are good for something
Or science
What a gift!! IOP was incredible.
nice
Please show your gratitude by ending the destruction of God's creation, human and otherwise on this 
lol
Thank you Science.
How can you even thank God for this and then want to take away peoples HC ? But I bet you thank him when you do take it. is your pockets
Thank you "God" for giving us the science to understand what we are looking at. #religionissuperstition
yes Thanks to God for such beauty!
Get back to work!!
#MAGA
Yes, God did it just for you.
Thank you God ! So true !
I pray to God every night that you are voted out!  #MAGA
The man in the WH gives us reason to believe that God may not exist or that he or she is apathetic at best...think about it.

Nature isnt god.
God had nothing to do with it. Its SCIENCE!!
You are a joke! Standing w the alt left?? What the hell is wrong with u? Will b a pleasure to see u go. #maga #trumptrain #draintheswamp
Thank god? Really?
Thanks
Donald Trump on Line 1 Senator
Trump: You're welcome! It was the biggest eclipse in US history and maybe the world! I can tell you that!

Wrong about God.
SCIENCE sir.  Science.
Truly Amazing!
It's not God.... it's Science !
today was a great day...all of us united loving the eclipse...
Lololololololol
Thank you SCIENCE.
Goodness gracious! It is only physics. Let our younger kids realize that rather be given false explanations.
Thank you solar system and thanks to NASA for telling us to look up!  #Science #SolarEclipse2017
Fox News and god. What's wrong with you Colonel?
GO AWAY YOU TRADER !! GO AWAY
Science my friend, science. Oh and #ImpeachTrump #trumpResign
Similar to GOP going dark
Thank you, science. Thank you, astrophysics and @NASA. Maybe pay attention to climate change now @LindseyGrahamSC. That's science too.
He's too busy getting greased up with sun screen by his pool boy, Joe Lieberman!
no @LindseyGrahamSC thats called science
Wake up, Senator. Thank physics, not some celestial dictator. As Pierre-Simon Laplace said, "I have no need for that hypothesis."
Thank science, or you could believe that the gods were angry predicting terrible things to come. 2017 has been a #Trumpocalypse,coincidence?
Moon*
Okay, how about you and God get to work on removing Russian puppets Trump and Pence from the White House?

God is a funny word for science but yeah, it was cool.
Or, more accurately, the laws of physics calculated by scientists. Makes it even more beautiful really.
Science is AMAZING!




Thank you astronomy. Thank you science.


Physics.
Okay, now #ImpeachTrump
You're welcome.
              @realDonaldTrump

Thank you, SCIENCE!
Stop writing inane tweets and impeach the Russian puppet in the White House.
Thank you science
Yes!  No other way to express it 
You mean "Thank you Mr. President for the wonderful opportunity to watch the eclipse you created through your last executive order!".  FTFY
So you thought it was a sign too! #impeachtrump

NO thank @AllenWest
BOMBSHELL: New evidence suggests Charlottesville was a complete SET-UP https://www.allenbwest.com/2017/08/19/bombshell-new-evidence-suggests-charlottesville-complete-set/ … via @AllenWest
Hope you thank the scientists for explaining the facts. Now, about those climate change deniers of science...
