TONIGHT: Tune in to #ForTheRecord with @greta at 6 PM ET for her interview with Sen. Lindsey Graham, only on @MSNBC 
you will never win the WH again or local posts!(watching your angry voters at townhalls? Trump is destroying both the country and YOUR party
!  Good job,Greta, improving in asking the right questions!!
The irony is, that actually Obama had the right to 'watch' this Russia(our enemy) sympathizer  actually asking same enemy who hacked a US
remember you are suppose to be a GOP member.
I will stay with Fox, Not gonna watch a dem talk on a dem network. No thx Lindsey
Senator's emails, to keep DOING IT! Jesus, nobody sees the elephant in the room? How closer to treason can you get than that? Although Obama
sorry don't watch MSNBC fake news an they are against Trump .... oh yea so are you,,,,,,
@maddow Your SC constituents would love to chat too. Will you join us at the Town Hall 4/15? https://www.facebook.com/events/1627387840624586/?ti=icl …
Very impressive and informative interview. Keep fighting for what is right and needed.
You've been doing a lot of talking lately. Going to actually act at any point?
- You have this democrat's support for 2020! Please run @LindseyGrahamSC!
you will never win the WH again or local posts!(watching your angry voters at townhalls?Trump is destroying both the country and YOUR party!
didn't wire tap him,he should've!Mr Graham,if you really want to be taken seriously, stop ignoring these important issues!Mr Trump committed
@MSNBC GET the Russian Spies out of the WH - NOW.  because AMERICA @maddow #Trumprussia
Graham, you keep embarrassing the people of SC. Resign or move over to Dem party. We love and miss Greta!
He's definitely NOT a Dem. You can keep him.
senator.. we were hoping that the health care plan would b more open and transparent
Why her? Why not Maddow?
agree we need bi-partisan input and agreement on healthcare . That is the only way long term

YOU, the DNC, Hillary Clinton & Coup, McCain are all traitors.Take your lies and GO TO PRISON!
sorry I have lost all respect for him
Your president wanted EVERYONE insured Not, access to insurance. Actual coverage. Wait till Trump voters lose ins !!
.... @GOP &@TheDemocrats should get together...fix ACA..be heroes for the ppl they work for  !!
why don't you just say the insurance companies dropped out because they want even more and combine. Truth.
Ooooh, Getting Goose Bumps, Chills & Thrills!
crime after crime,not to mention the 100's in his personal life/business over the years!!Time to show some juevos,my GOP friends,otherwise,
not as simple as 'I'm sorry,Mr Obama'(which this arrogant lier will never say!)this is a crime,not only governmental but personal to Obama!
oh I would LOVE to hear about you and mcclame excuse for accepting money from Soros...... *Crickets*
They received NO money from Soros.
Because you should've told Greta that is a Crime to insult and unjustly accuse a former president, by the new president! Mr Graham,this is
Mr Graham,never been a fan but becoming one, almost!But you still have to go all the way, if you want to be believable in your intentions!!
go cry in a corner with mcclame. Ashamed for you both. Just admit it already you are a lib Dems. No substance
Older people built this country. Americans have gotten sick working for America. Mining for example Be fair.
Thanks for sticking your neck out to get answers.  Looking at @SenFeinstein after the briefing gets my hopes up.
are you Republican or a independent
Saw your Snapchat.. 1st Greta, then FOX.. very suspenseful..
If I can ever afford to get to D.C., I would sure like to shake your hand.  Stay a True Patriot, we have so few in DC
Sen. Graham I think you are doing a great job!  I'm your biggest fan in Missouri.  Your words and actions are #1
I'll pass.
so term "Walk Back" means Trump lied what he first said & now claims it actually means? #SayWhatUMeanMeanWhatUSay
Small man deficiency sindrom want to go to war
Cooperation in our government is only a dream. Continue pushing. Maybe someday.
You are a great American sir
when are you starting the Russia Trump investigation
Watching now. Liberal Democrat who would strongly consider Lindsay Graham for President based on this interview.
on @greta @MSNBC is an embarrassment to his profession and his Air Force career. #small Even more than Greta..
Doubt U R sincere in hunt 4 treason in WH - if U R gunning 4 Comey, don't. Covering UR own tail? We will see.
You blocked the Black President and Slandered the Woman with No Ties to Putin and no Pay to Play. Now you repent?
what do you have to say about your pal McCain's conduct per @RandPaul ?
That McCain knows how to be a Patriot and Rand knows how to gel his curls?
McCain=everyone but Graham in cahoots with Russia
i have no loyalty to party & keep hope that Senators & House members will act on the bestinterests ofppl&investigate
don't let me regret saying that I am becoming a #fan
RINO! How is that Soros money treating you?
You've had a very long day! Thank you for your hard work
Then you have yourself a tall glass of sweet tea you tiger.
.  NOT I WILL BE WATCHING FOX SEE YA
stick your head in the sand of lies
Almost forgot her. Thought you'd spoken with all by now today! Quite a day.
watch the Committee he sat in today. I am beginning to "get" him. I think he knows wassup.
She should hold your feet to the fire as to why you're intent on destroying health care.
you rock Lindsay thank you for what you doing I appreciate it. Your country appreciates it
