https://twitter.com/astull90/status/863017114063470593 …
Hello ello lo...sorry seems to be an echo in here.
Did you get your Certified Letter?
HELP!!!!SOS!!My smoke alarms are all going off. A tweet storm has been released from our White House!#TheResistance
Fox Noise fits you like a glove, Lindsey. Save the Country—Resign now!
Deputy attorney general and FBI contradict White House official story. @washingtonpost
Transparency! Release your Certified Mail from Trump! Does it insist on your allegiance? Loyalty to Trump?
STAND UP TO TRUMP. Get the lunatic out of our WH. We will remember those who follow blindly and put our democracy in crisis.
WATERGATE
Why?
Why?! Fox News is not real news.
I guess Graham is now officially propaganda mouthpiece 4 Trump admin. Wonder which cabinet position ur wife will get . #TrumpRussia #COMEY
Wait. Lindsey Graham has a wife? This is major news for lots of reasons. 
No...already corrected my mistweet, relax.
It was a joke. I'm from SC and the speculation about Graham has gone on for years...
Correction was around speculation is he offered Graham himself high cabinet position 4 support. McCain & Graham can b interchangeable 4 me
Think I'm fucking around yet?

Yes, do the right thing and PUT YOUR COUNTRY BEFORE YOUR PARTY. Coward!
Now Lying to FOX News again and always. YOU have not once voted in the best interest of WE THE PEOPLE!  You're a lazy little COWARD!
Fox News is an oxymoronic statement. Wake up.
@FoxNews is a hub for sexual assault, sexual harassment, and racism to mention a few! You should be EMBARRASSED to be interviewed by them!
Hey look! Another party before country Republican.
Are you going to address the Russians in the Oval? TASS as the official photographer while American press not allowed?
Complicit.
Apparently "Complicit" is for both men and women, just like CK One.
I think you mean lying on national TV
I truly think you're better than you're behaving.
Fake News. Russian American Network.
Lindsey why do you go on FOX news, it isn't real news, they just bash the democratic party and democrats. Stand up to Trump Impeach.
FauxNews, why?  Is that the only place the GOP feel "safe" enough to hang out?  Ridiculous
Are you team America or team treason?
Your going to be on the wrong side of history. He's exposing your Party for what it is. SAD..DO YOUR JOB AND END THIS..
Stop speaking on the fake news network Fox. Be an America first. The Russian in the White House today showed an awful lot of arrogance.
usa is support terrorist organization ypg ,pyd .  this terrible

Complicit
So sorry
They're the only "news" outlet that takes you seriously anymore.
You have gone to the dark side.  Hopefully Democracy will still exist by 2018. Shame on you.
November 6, 2018 the mistake of having Republicans in control MUST BE corrected!!

Of course!! All you partisan GOP go with theFox party line--we'll soon be changing "Fox" to "Pravda". Do you seriously believe we trust you?

Words I thought I'd never say: the security of the United States might now depend on electing a Democratic Congress in 2018.
I used to respect you, but I guess that doesn't matter to Republicans anymore so who cares, right? @LindseyGrahamSC #Traitor #Treason #Jail
Talking about the Senate's FAKE investigations?
Yeah I don't care about Fox News covering for the President, time for a special prosecutor!
Oh you mean Trumps department of propaganda??
Nobody cares because AMERICA now sees you as being in the way and a piece of shit
You are an old man. How do you want to be remembered?
Lindsey, why are you & Trump making all southerners and midwesterners learn Russian to keep their welfare benefits? I just heard that on Fox
I had so much admiration for your bipartisan investigation into Russia. Please put your country first.
Love Trump right Dems? Comey, Yates and Clapper all say NO COLLUSION but that doesn't matter to you . Russia Russia Russia! Haha
Graham says "Democracy, our country, security means nothing. What is important here is that Trump loves Russia and will do ANYTHING 4 them"
Your complicity is a disgrace!
Days before he was fired, Comey asked for more resources to investigate Russian interference. Worse than Watergate
Shame shame.  I thought you had a heart
Our Republic is under attack. Please be on the right side of history.
Going on trump propaganda network to justify complicity. Seen Russian photo op at WH today? Comrades had a jolly good time.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @FoxNews Now speaking with state propaganda arm is more like it! Try a real news outlet for a change!
TY for being honorable.  Please do the right thing & get this crazy man out of the WH. Subpoena his taxes. He's corrupt.
Come on we need a independent investigation  why would you even refuse?????
The State Dept isn't holding a press conference on the Lavrov-Trump-Tillerson meetings today...but the Russians are. YOU CANT LET THIS GO!!!
Call for an independent prosecutor today. These Congressional committee hearings are a waste of time.
Complicit
It’s Time for the American People to Demand the Removal of Trump, His Admin. & the GOP NOW! LOCK HIM UP..
You've given glimpses of greatness before. Please become a great AMERICAN and lead the charge for Special Prosecutor!
The Republican party is dead.  You and the others have allowed a fascist in and are doing nothing g about it.  This is on your head.
Want a medal or a monument
PLEASE put country over party affiliation & do the right thing 4 America b4 it's too late. Trump and & regime must go! History will remember
You are hard to figure out.  One moment you seem like a rational independent but conservative voice.  The next - you spew the company line.
And if it's not Watergate why is Trump with Kissinger and Lavrov with only Russian media. US media banned
We need a special COUNSEL if not prosecutor you weasel
When are you Republicans going to have enough and do something?
Seems like can't trust you either dear old Lindsey Graham..nice distraction for the party about Russia stuff..Need independent prosecutor
If you won't protect our nation WTF good are you
Grow a pair Ms. Lindsey!
"No special prosecutor, this is a counter-intelligence investigation, & as you know, my entire career stands counter to intelligence."
Sir - history will not be kind to you & rest of GOP for being accomplices/complicit to Russia coverup
Special prosecutor!!!!
Wahwah Snowflake
Good one! Never heard that before! 
Peace out 
Independent special prosecutor NOW!
Special prosecutor NOW!
Stand up.  Be counted.  Do the right thing.
PS: Your doing a much better job out from under John McCain's shadow. Congratulations.
STOP YOUR MADNESS & SELF AGGRANDIZEMENT! #TRUMPRUSSIA #sickening #comey #noethics #cnn
Don't know if u had a previous profession. But, looks like your schooling these people lol Good Job!
Time for all Rs to put country over party. This cannot stand
Days Before He Was Fired, Comey Asked for Money for Russia Investigation, via @nytimes https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/10/us/politics/comey-russia-investigation-fbi.html?smprod=nytcore-ipad&smid=nytcore-ipad-share …
You are a disappointment.  Shame on you.
I believed in U. I thought U could lead us to the truth, I thought U were the guy who cared more about USA than party. God I am so stupid!!
... to defend a traitor!
"Yes, 'n' how many times can a man turn his head
And pretend that he just doesn't see
The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind"
#GOP
I thought u could be our next Potus. Save Yourself and the GOP or save @POTUS. You can't have both. Stand up for our country & gop 
impeach
Duty. Honor. Country. #Trumprussia
OF COURSE YOU ARE!
YOU need to do a independent investigation or you are allowing this country to be taken over by Russia. We DEMAND it.
Comey found out he was fired through the news.  Not only did Trump stab him in the back, he didn't have the balls to look him in the eye. JU
Tell me when you're doing something important.
himself. Pushed too far this time.
Graham will carry this narrative as long as he can, and when the fire comes down he'll change his tune and throw something out there to save
Is it fun to go talk to people that hang on your every word? Remember, You have a growin # constituents that don't watch Fox #TrumpRussia
You have disappointed me Senator
Having fired the FBI director, Trump now seems eager to mock senators on twitter for criticizing him. Totally normal behavior- CoverUP
@LindseyGrahamSC Your going to have to impeach him sooner or later. What side of history do you want be on?
sorry Lindsay, no one trusts you. At all
Do something! The Republicans in congress have been compromised by Russia.  It is clear as day to everyone who paying attention. #patriotism
Proof would be the Obama administration with Hillary half ass doing her job. You must have forgotten about the last 8 years of hell
You failed the test Lindsey. You put party over country. The day of reckoning is fast approaching.
Hahahahahahahaha
You work 4 days a week on a six figure salary and spend more time on tv than the Kardashians.
INDEPENDENT COMMISSION NOW !! Or it may be too late to protect our democracy !! If congress does not listen there will be major upheaval.
I use to like you.. now you are a coward and hold the party line putting party over country.. not a fan anymore..
Wow. You really embrace the partisan news don't you? Not a fan of fair and balanced journalism?
Time for special counsel.
Country before party. Demand an independent investigation.
OMG, did YOU take Russian money, too!?!?
I just heard that Graham and Trump are making all of the south and midwest learn Russian or they will take away their welfare benefits. True
Pls don't dig your own grave because of Trump :( What a waste of a career :\
special prosecutor !!!
Wahwah go cry
Well thats a joke.
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION!! I typed in all caps just in case you weren't listening.
What hire a bunch of Dem hacks
Cornyn was once Supreme Court justice in Texas, now clapping like a monkey when FBI director gets fired for investigating the President.
Great 100% toe Trump line now?  This mean you get in the special Lavrov meeting to make jokes about the USA?  Hope McCain has more guts.
Tuned in. Just disappointed in what you said. I liked your questions about Trump's business dealings with Russia to Gen. Clapper yesterday

Well damn, thought I liked you. I just watched you pander to your audience. Thought you were more of a country over party guy. I was wrong.
I hope you maintain your integrity. Country over party, Senator.
Your really letting me down. I believed in your integrity
I know you will do your job and call for a special investigator/prosecutor. Thank you.
You do remember The Constitution, right?
again...you have lost us.  You've been all over this morning...liking the camera a bit too much aren't you?
I've been a reluctant critic, but LG, at this moment/Fox, you're speaking clearly/truthfully. Pls continue speak out in this manner. Proud.
I hope you are more than the coward you seem to be.
Please do the right thing for our country and democracy. You are so very disappointing
Huh but cool he spends 30 million to golf 
I beg of you to stand for the democracy of this country and stand up to this ridiculous cartoon that is unfolding
Why would you do that? They are not a legitimate news organization.
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR NOW!
Wahwah
WE DEMAND A CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION YOU HALF WIT
Have you come back to OUR Side!  if so I'm glad I was a fan so I hope ur back! Sounds like it 
Will you stand on the side of America, or Russian interference in our democracy, Sen Graham?
I see you're choosing cowardice over country today. Integrity runs hot and cold with you, doesn't it?
You are a hypocrite.  Only support a position when the cards are drawn in your favor.  WHAT EXACTLY DO YOU STAND FOR?  PHONY, FRAUD
@GOP willing stood by as Trump/Bannon put USA in bed w/ Russia & now most of @HouseGOP @SenateGOP support #coverup
Ther ya go!!  Back to the REAL FAKE NEWS station!! @CNN @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews @MSNBC @nytimes @washingtonpost @nypost @WSJ
We need an independent investigation, sir.
Wahwah
Speaking about the role you and your stooges played and continue to play in this coup? #thisisacoup
Grow some balls and put country first or else history will know you as a coward.
Can't hear you. Hypocrisy too loud.
Please put your country before your party.
Why now ??  Why not earlier when it happened ?
who's gunna be the new director, we need him/her yesterday !
Do the right thing, or forever be on the wrong side of history.
Please change your narrative to reflect democracy over party. I'm so disappointed in you!
@windmillcharger @LindseyGrahamSC I reserve disappointment for things I thought would happen but didn't.
