@SenateMajLdr plan is to limit funding and Medicaid will be limited putting poor people with no healthcare dying early no maternity care etc
U.S. ranks last in healthcare when compared to 10 other countries. Insurance lobbyists must be lining pockets quite well. All about money.
Don't know the details of your plan, but it has to be better than Ryan's. I'm a Demo, but I think you have a morals & ethics.Impeach Donnie!
No your talking. They want it, make them pay it. Maybe make the welfare crowd WORK ?
My brother has worked his butt off all of his life. But due 2 a tragic car accident he will be forced to take Medicare Disability &:Medicaid
I hope he will have a full recovery
Thank you, but his brain injuries are very severe. Doctors aren't optimistic. We're praying for a miracle.
you going to vote for a bill that will cause Deaths? Tax cuts for rich,destroy MA,Hurt poor elderly . A bill you senators are exempt from!!
This bill will harm his state driving up premiums to compensate from quarter million who lose insurance. He will have blood on his hands.
Excellent. If your voters want it, they can pay for it. Enjoy, California.
If the Feds would cut taxes on regular folks so states could make up the difference with taxation I would be fine with this.
If the Feds would cut taxes so my paycheck can make up the difference I would be fine with this
Either-or. But they're not going to even if they slash Medicaid.
You are probably right.
Great except for chincy states
I really like you!!!!! So glad you are not
afraid to speak.    I am widow. What to meet?
@LindseyGrahamSC This is concerning, some states have terrible records when it comes to how they handle different classes of ppl!
Truth! I live in one #cesspoolofcorruption
@LindseyGrahamSC we want a full repeal, not some republican establishment patchwork bill.
Fine ONLY IF Fed Govt doesn't short change States funding, just to pass buck & make states limit healthcare not @GOP
This in TWO days ago? Only heard (enclosed CNN video link) covered 1x by MSM. Where's Conservative Media on this?!!! Don't STICK us w/Ocare!
How can a senator or representative in good conscience vote to throw 22mm Americans off the rolls while accepting free health for their fam

@LindseyGrahamSC he has no idea what he is doing
So, off loading responsibility to each State to pay for HC.
I think the pressing issue is to revoke Kuschner's security clearance NOW.
The treasonous #GOP voted against that Amendment, the one giving Mueller full independant prosecuter status, & 9 attempts to get tax returns
Like block grants, or...?
Block grants. This keeps ACA taxes in place and sends money to states to set up the subsidies that work for them.
But it'd leave the specific use of the money to individual states, right? Not specifically required to be spent on healthcare?
That's my understanding. They'd have to spend it on healthcare or return it to taxpayers as vouchers/subsidies.
Stand strong. A repeal only will jeopardize medical bene for those covered by ACA, allow Ins Co to withdraw & refuse to part in future.
@GOP wants political victory at all costs who cares about poor people healthcare in W Virg South carolina Maine @SenatorCollins only voice
32 years I've worked for the same company, I consider that a blessing,people who don't have a job need insurance too. All lives matter.

JUST REPEAL IT SENATOR! You were out there to fulfill that promise! Don't screw this up!
Why does Kushner still have security clearance?
In the end .. Graham will tow the line and vote however McConnell tells him .. love how Congress is exempted from losing their ACA benefits
Why is Kushner still in the WH and why does he still have a security clearance? When r Republicans going to put country ahead of party? WTF?
Can u get it to the floor?? How can senators not allow a debate to hit the floor??
Sen. Graham pls fix ObamaCare by funding it. Pushing funds down to the state level isn't going to help SC, who can't even mg pension funds.
#SinglePayer Single-Payer
Still a horrible idea. Fix the ACA. This is people's lives you are playing with. We are sick of the R vs D rhetoric. Work together. Damn.
"A solution that works in California may not work in Virginia.." Tell that dumb shit to a #Medicare insured patient.
.LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorTimScott represent state where gov would use needy ppl as speed bumps if would help the rich& they know it #shame
Keep it up, and when this murder bill goes through good luck keeping the masses from knocking down your locked doors. #Revolution
@LindseyGrahamSC your plan of letting states make choices, is not right. You know that SC has the worst cuts now 2 Medicaid still #deathbill
@LindseyGrahamSC Sir-every day I hear about Federal items being moved to states - How is SC going to afford them? Please help me understand
No @LindseyGrahamSC states will squander the money. I love in Alabama and wouldn't get Jack. We have a sordid history of state corruption.
States like KS, OK, and IL will not be able to kick in what's needed for current coverages and covered taxpayers. Result still = uninsured
Good.Significantly cut fed spending/taxes.Then have states increase their taxes based on amt of healthcare subsidies they want to provide.
Yes
My fav R senator. Potentially 50 different healthcare plans? That would be crazy!
Lol, this should work out great...
Stupid idea.  Poor states would have problems taking care of their citizens. Quit funding foreign wars and take care of Americans
ALSO IN: It's garbage legislation that we've come to expect from @LindseyGrahamSC
My state (OK) would just redirect any funding towards other areas, where the lobbyists that pad their pockets wat it to go. Can’t trust ‘em.
*want
That would stink for Florida where the taxpayers are not considered.
If it's what you say I love it!
Sen Graham, Tho Ive gone from a Repub to Democrat,& lost nearly all my respect for the Reoyb party, the small amout of respect I do still
Have is Bcuz of U and about 3 others. You R a kind, and Gentalman. I appreciate you and wish that all Politicians could behave and carry
Themselves the way you do. With you and the other 3 Repub's, I feel your Honesty &your integrity.  I only wish our current Potus held
Himself to these standards or even Posessed ONE of your stronly Respected Qualities. 
I just wanted to put that in here and hope that
Maybe you'd possibly read it. Thabk You for your service.
I'm getting off your balls for a while @LindseyGrahamSC at least you're trying Re:Healthcare. Handling Don Jr email deal well. Good luck!
WTG lindseyWTG. Leave it in the hands of the states to decide
WTG Lindsey WTG.  Leave it to the states to decide
And it is a plan that solves many of the issues others have raised, well thought out, with a physician's advice as well.
The same states that refused ACA funding out of spite to make exchanges intentionally fail? Sounds great!
Stop wasting taxpayers time and money. Fix ACA. This whole political debate should be about citizens not GOP vs Dem's.
As a democrat starving for signs of leadership from the Republican Party I'd like to thank you Senator Graham for providing just that.
Then at same time states should cut back on $$ sent to the fed for their services. What comes around goes around
@LindseyGrahamSC Prime example is SC! Our state!
As a resident of the most crooked and mismanaged state, NC, this is a frightening to let them control $. How do you control costs?
The GOP plan is to bankrupt the states who rely on Medicaid expansion to provide healthcare for disabled, elderly, and poor. Govenors beware
Yep. It's a punishment
FIght against using human beings in  medical labs instead of animals...violation of human rights occurring now north of 60
What could possibly go wrong. 50 different healthcare plans. Punt it off to states that have a hard time paying the bills. #MedicareForAll
@LindseyGrahamSC Glad you are coming up with alternate plan but we know that states have differing views and priorities.
Anything to avoid working for America's citizens & Democrats. Do I have it right @LindseyGrahamSC?  #CountryBeforeParty #WhoAreYouWorkingFor
@LindseyGrahamSC Reince off in Paris, Sessions lying on SF 86 form. Get rid of these idiots.
Just a way to cut funding and shift blame to the states.
And yet another GOP bill...... 8 years later and they still don't have a bill supported by the citizens.  It's all just political rhetoric.
It won't work and Graham knows it. He just wants more money to fix SC roads.
So each state can decide what people's lives are worth & the poor who don't have funds to move are stuck with those decisions. Nah, pal.
Is this a good thing or a bad thing? Please enlighten me
Depends on your state.  If pro-Obamacare or single payer...could work depending if your state has their stuff together. If you live in an...
What Shia LeDouche said to that hard working black police officer shows the hypocrisy of the left.
Help me trend
#ShiaIsRacist
