I am not saying Don Jr did right thing but he knew Lawyer bc of a Miss USA Pageant in Russia & not member of Congress should he know better
I am so ashamed of how you treated Christopher Wray. You owe him an apology.
He owes @POTUS an apology. He disrespects our duly elected Pres as bad as the hateful Dems. Remember, this bitch refused to honor his pledge
Now remember you work for Am people NOT yourself!
Please ask, about campaign footage of DJT saying that he know a lot about hacking? And why Rudolph Guiulianni know about the hacking dump..
Stop fighting trump.
We voted President Trump into this office because he was not/is NOT a POLITICAN! We like what he's doing!! Explain to us what your doing?
Lindsey, I'm a Democratic & I have faith in you. I watched @ my office & I applaud your questioning!
Your theatrics today were embarrassing. You sound like a bitter old man,still upset that @realDonaldTrump wiped the floor with you.Pathetic
Great questions! Thank you for protecting the integrity of US and our elections with your questions. Country before party politics!
Your no longer a conservative!  I will do all I can to see to it that you do not get re-elected! Shame on you!
Are you from SC? I am and I'm glad he will put the country first when things like this happen..He is also against what Hillary did.
Damn it @LindseyGrahamSC after listening 2 ur ?s 2 FBI nom Wray I can't give up on u, there is hope 4 u yet
Lil late but gd job #Truth #MAGA
There is hope he might trip, fall, and hit his head. #rino
Politicians of all parties will receive my support when they choose US & facts over party & lies, even when temp or w questionable motives
TY for pressing. Country b4 party - the most patriotic actions protect sovereignty not bow to notion of "conservative" "liberal" #USA
You seemed off today. Very nervous. Or angry. Makes me wonder about your integrity. #ExposeTheLeft
Traitor
Loved you questions.  Please keep standing in the gap for us!
Strange you did not show the same passion proving Comey, Lynch, colluded to help clinton get elected?? And Clinton Russian involvement??
Great job questioning @LindseyGrahamSC ! Wray was uniformed. U spent a lot of ur time holding him accountable
Hillary lost. Get over it.
Must say I was impressed by your resolve.
Thank you for putting country over party!
Are you trying to make sure we LOSE a lot in the House & Senate in the next Election or were you just not thinking at the time
Our government is run by old men who are obsolete in thought. Old thought and ideas will not fix this. This spike=more crime:  #WrayHearing
How many times does global warming have to be debunked
It hasn't ever been debunked. Bc FoxNews said GW isn't true doesn't make it so.  Scientists OUTSIDE of climate change believe is happening.
Because foxnews said GW?? Very confusing rebuttle
GW = global warming.  
foxnews has had numerous stories saying GW is a false concept.
Andrea, don't you know FOX, CNN, NBC, ABC News are corporate platforms that train your mind on how to think?
Lindsey - you're doing the right thing. Don't give up on getting to the truth. You're a true patriot and we're glad you're there!
Lindsey was a jerk. He looked like someone slipped him a laxative.
Thank you Senator @LindseyGrahamSC for hitting nail on the head for most citizens. #ChristopherWray
Not for most citizens.
WOW, what a hero-trying to be important can't pass the a.. ho.. status. You became a failure in 2016-recognized it then-before likely yes
@LindseyGrahamSC ...really? When will you start caring about Clinton Russia connection over DTJr non-event? Thought you were conservative.
He is an American. He asked about both like a true Patriot.
You don't know that. This is how rumors start. Keep your opinion to yourself.
Lindsey Graham for President!!
All these butthurt Hillary libs on here who don't give a dam about country. Only want to turn Repubs against each other. Support our POTUS.
Hey Pal..How are you Pal? You're VERY disrespectful Pal...and it's SHOULD be beneath a US Senator to call an FBI Director candidate...PAL.
Book this we are voting out you
Dam Rhinos. . count. On it 
There is no difference between
You and the Democratic party
U wanted Hillary sic
you're a winner Graham. You and your twin sister McCain
As you read all these glowing replies from democrats who will never vote for you....Remember you're a republican PAL !
That's great, but when are you guys going to impeach Trump?
While you're at it can you ask about this?
THANK YOU Sen. Graham for direct & strong way you questioned Chris Wray about legitimacy of Russia investigation & how patriots should act!
How the heck are you considering anything this POTUS nominates until he has been fully investigated and either cleared or removed???
You're a joke. No real common sense. Get over it, Trump won and you lost for a great reason. You suck
After your performance questioning Wray I do have full confidence in your leadership. For whatever that's worth Senator Graham.
Continue on this course, Sir, and put Country over party. Begging here.
You should go ahead and move your chair over to the left and quit pretending you are right of center. You aren't fooling anyone.
Senator.  You rocked today.  Great job
It makes me very sad that you seem to be the ONLY GOP Senator pointing out what is wrong here!  I'm leaving the GOP after 40 years!
Maybe the mess with the executive branch of government should be cleaned up before POTUS has his nominee questioned.    THIS IS A TRAVESTY.
Well done, ask straight questions!
Thank You, thank you thank you, Senator Graham, for your intestinal fortitude and more importantly, your patriotism.
Wish u would do your job! Instead of constantly siding w/ Chump Schumer move the agenda forward! Chump S still controls you! QUESTION COMEY
Saw it! Good for you. I assume you've finally come around. If so, please inform your fellow reps how important this is.
Thank you for your pointed questions, Sen. Graham. Refreshing to see a GOP Sen. with a spine!
Christopher Wray shined. It is obvious the   senators that continue the witch hunt God bless him for having to tolerate the stupid questions
Please do with caution
Good job!
Very good job questioning Wray.
His answers are too vague, and he is needing way too much prompting. Please do not rubber stamp this man.
Ask about his dealings with Russia
your a good candidate for term limits
Wasting everyone's time with stupid childish questions, he should be a Democrat, he's that stupid.
Will you be on @cnn tonight?
By your questions I thought it was a investigation of @DonaldJTrumpJr. I hope no one digs any foreign country dirt up on you!!!
What's the point? You won't ask hard questions. You just keep endorsing whatever Trump wants.
Next Russian operative.
Great questions Mr Graham! !
I use 2 believe n u but u might as well Dem. Want waist my vote again!
You did very well Excellent!
Who was this performance for?  Your over-the-top questioning is why people don't like politicians.  You were ridiculous and rude!
Funny how you are telling him 2tell everyone 2call FBI if foreign govt contacts you, yet you stand by this entire administrations contacts
Good questions, thank you Senator.
Nice job.  Demonstrated pretty clearly that he won't be able to be independent of the WH.  Hope you will be voting against his nomination!
You are an embarassment to the American people! You have been in office way too long and you are done! You should join the democratic party!
Should be NO appointments til Mueller releases his findings. COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY. As a former GOP, folks are abandoning party by thousands.
How can a president fire the @FBI director to obstruct justice then hire his own FBI director presumably to continue obstructing justice?
He's no #JamesComey unfortunately! #Wray does not seem to have much of a memory - it's short ? @DanaBashCNN
Thank you for your questioning!
Thanks for your line of questioning re Russia.  Would like to hear similar from your GOP colleagues. This is not partisan, it's patriotic.
He's his own man, Lindsey. Handled your questioning well.
Lindsey Graham....you so want to do the right thing - but you sold your soul to the party.....
Thank you very much, Senator. Country before your party and the President. History will remember you as a proud American.
This president should get ZERO appointments until We The People know if he's a Russian asset or not!
Nice job today....we all just want the truth.
Walk your talk Sir. All eyes are now on you. Wray must not watch MSM, read newspapers. How can he not be aware of DT emails?
Go join your friends on the left
Ask him if he'll be loyal to @realDonaldTrump because that's all @POTUS cares about. #ComeyIsMyHomey
Please don't confirm this guy.
Please vote no. He hesitated on your Russian questions.
Senate need yes or no answers! Not may be or a foreign government! Is Russian a enemy yes or no?
You should sit on the other side with the Dems.

Love your questions! Keep shining the light.
looks like Russian songbird was a Soros plant, you know, SOROS< THE GUY THAT PULLS YOUR STRINGS...
You need to stop the witchhunt that is obstructing the progress and work YOU ALL NEED TO DO FOR AMERICA. THERE IS NO COLLUSION.WASTING TIME

A president currently under FBI investigation shouldnt be allowed to nominate a new FBI director. We had one. POTUS fired him.
NO Re-ELECTION for @LindseyGrahamSC  he is a democrat in disguise I think he's Bernie Sanders twin
Great job senator
He should not be considered. He was nominated by a POTUS under investigation and likely to resign within 6 weeks.
He cannot be approved.  This administration is already stacked with Russian puppets.  Are you really going to add one more?
You made a fool out of yourself
Seems like a great fit.
oh but Lindsey was very much a republican that tries to pull the wool over your eyes. fas talker answered the questions for the man shame!!!
Now I hope you do something about your beliefs on Russia not just tweet
Americans urge you to stop the nomination process until Mueller investigation reports out
Somebody is going to have to "FIX" the Anti-Trump Lindsay Graham.  He needs to be "tuned-up".  AWFUL AMERICAN
so why isn't Queen Graham interested in Democrats "russian connections"?  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YWzApxqI5g …
Its time for you to retire Rhino!!! I think we need a real Republican in your position.
Good questions!
You are so ANTI-TRUMP and PRO-DEMOCRAT I COULD PUKE - Do what your bud scarborough did BECOME ONE.
Trump gave these people that proudly call themselves deplorable's a voice and a way to continue there propaganda u are not an American
these people Trump's deplorable as they call themselves. only care that Trump is a racist that gave them a voice to exsist.
Thank you for your willingness to help fix this country after this "president's" attempts to make it "great". Country over party!!!
Spot on proud of you today as a republican I'm devastated at what is happening to our country your leadership is awe inspiring 
Republican???????????
stop answering question for this man you think no one sees through this stop!
Thanks for asking good questions instead of making this a mutual admiration society presentation.
Ties to Russia???????????
Donald J Trump is a genius. 
He looks at tv and newspapers all day then he tells you dummies that both of those are bad and you repeat it
Where is the proof Clinton campaign worked w/Ukraine officials?We have proof of collusion from Trump campaign. Country over party Senator!
Stop watching MSM do your own research. Ukraine publicly apologized look it up& what collusion from the Trump administrationsheeple
Stand up Lindsey this nutjob is ruining our country.  Thats why the electoral college was made to stop crazies from office. Electors scared
Protect Mueller
Why does Mueller need protection....is he dirty or somethingyeah we all know he is!!!!
All representatives need to stop putting party before DEMOCRACY.  So should all "so called" Americans (not 'Mericans).  Well done sir!
Good questioning- he didn't convince me that he thinks Russia is an adversary though
R u sure u r a Republican!!! No questions about Hillary!! Wow Soros has u by the balls
That was a disgusting performance Senator.  Support our @POTUS or get voted out.  I thought you had finally come around but no.
From an INDEPENDENT 
Well done sir.
Great job thank you - from a democrat.
To the low IQ Trolls, Dear Leader said  "I love the poorly educated" Sen Graham to CW: "You're the right guy at the right time, good luck."
Thank you for integrity today. While you're own party may call you a RINO because of it-many of us appreciate pursuit for truth.
YES! 
WOWSERS! Very good QUESTIONS! Hard-baller @LindseyGrahamSC NICE SHOES! 
#NoFingWray! #NoToWray
Make sure to ask if he'll recuse himself from Russia investigation and let it run its course. We need the truth!
ty for your dedication to our nation during these very tough times!ty for standing up straight on this issue.
You're back in my good graces today.
Nice job Sen Graham!  Tough questions that had to be asked to protect our Country.  Don't listen to the Bots who have no clue what Russia is
HE CANNOT BE HIRED.  This is outrageous. Trump colluded and he shouldn't get ANY nominations.

Anyone DJT nominates is suspect - probably, like DJT, lacks integrity.  So ask the hard questions.  The public needs protection.
I'm ashamed of you sir. What you did was inexcusable. You showed yourself as part of the swamp
America is suffering because of Congress, Congresshas fallen out of favor with the American people.Wary is will be affectedbecauseofCongress
Bravo Bravo....an extremely well researched array of questions. A sign of a true patriot respecting our Constitution.
Great job Senator Graham!
your done graham time to vote you RINO ass out
He is in collusion with the DNC, investigate him!
If Trump wants Wray, I don't want Wray. No more Russia in our Powerful Instit.
Ur arrogance is showing, sir. U r a public servant NOT elected to Lord over others.
URfeigned outrage is comical.Did you like OBAMA funding Opposition group to Netanyahu? Did U like McCain shopping false "Dossier" around D.C
YES or NO answers...not winding around answers..please..you have chance to stand up for country.. Use it!
Every time you speak I enjoy listening because of your directness and forthright way of dealing with issues. Great job!
If he appoints someone with character ability and backbone wont Trump just fire them for demonstrating these abilities?
Yes Lindsey, like Journalists, you're trying to make it all about you. We saw ya! 
Exactly,,,,,,
Senator, great questions!
Ugh! Your kind of GOP is not what we need. You & McCain are closet Democrats and what a farce of questioning you did. Very arrogant
thank you for not letting Wray dodge questions on Don Jr.'s emails
Please ask if he will pledge loyalty to POTUS or US? Also ask if he will fully allow dept to investigate Russia meddling in elections
Did he contribute to your campaign?
Who can trust anyone Trump appoints?
Go Lindsey Graham where have you been we need straight honest leadership from the GOP looks like you going to be IT
Ask him if he will look into Kushner. The quite one knows everything.
will you and the other dems stop acting like a bunch of cry babies it is impossible to admit I am a dem you and the crew destroyed that
Christopher Wray needs give straight forward answers. I'm tired of hearing him give murky answers. He's hedging too much. @SenatorDurbin
What is wrong with you!! You need to declare yourself a democrat you are useless to us  need to be voted out asap
Your rude behavior was really uncalled for. We haven't seen proof "Russia" hacked Podesta/DNC. Evidence to the contrary.
Thank you Sir! You did an awesome job with your questions to Wray and trying to pin him to answers for the country
I like Lindsey Graham, he's awesome.
Once again Lindsey tries to secretly divert eyes AWAY FROM TRUMP collusion.
Good questions.
Thank you why was he sure you shouldn't meet with Ukraine but not sure about Russia who was actively cyber attacking us? Troubling
I bet @realDonaldTrump is fuming 
My respect for you has increased immeasurably.   You did not back away from tough questioning
I'm as Liberal as They Come -Very Good Job Senator! If only the rest of the GOP would get some Balls to do the "right" thing (pun intended)
The Dems and Rinos love you!!! I love how you use heresay as questions. Someone please run against him ... send this Rino home
Glad you are. These questions must be answered, and not just by the nominee today.#Mandatory that the new director is the right one.
How about you LET THE MAN ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS FULLY.  You sound like a pretentious typical career like politician.  Oh wait.
You are one weird dude. Get off the bogus Russian crap and get to work!
You are the Bomb! Way to kick ass!
Why did he do this?  He needs to be asked. http://cnn.it/2slYnlz     #TrumpRussia #WednesdayWisdom
You've spent millions investigating Clinton, you should know these things
As usual you start questioning using a non confirmed news article to attack Hillary.  Face it, Trump's colluded with Russia. America First!
The more you question your face gets red.  You sound like a desperate GOP diverting any and all that would interfere with payoffs to GOP'S.

Thank God! It appears OUR Senator has had enough of this Russian intrusion into our Democracy. "Mr. Mueller is not on a witch hunt"
Let Mr. stay answer the questions. Ur being absolutely disrespectful cutting him off
