NO, NO, NO! This is a bad idea...all of it. States cannot be allowed to opt out anymore. Universal means just that or it won't work.
1/#SenatorGraham, I hope you got rolled on this, because if you actually believe it's good for the American people, I have to wonder...
2/...if you're getting past your expiration date.
Ger McCain, Portman, and Capito on board, Senator.
McCain is already on board.
Him being on board along with Heller indicates Portman and Capito are likely yes. Johnson helps with Lee and Cruz. Need Paul or Murkowski
Paul and Collins will be opposed, Murkowski will be the deciding vote.
We had her on the skinny repeal, no?
She was one of the three that killed it.
Didn’t I read she voted no because she heard McCain was going to vote no?
No, she voted no because she supports Planned Parenthood
1/This is AWFUL. #SenatorGraham, you really should be ashamed of yourself on this one. I hope you just got rolled, and you don't actually...
2/...think this is good for the #American people. Good grief.
What looks good is pre-existing conditions. Otherwise, people will have to move to other states to find good health care. Blue states NO!.
I think the Senate and the house healthcare should be block grants back to the states they serve and have the same rules they push on us
Wholeheartedly agree! 

Or fix ACA

Or give us all what you have.

Or Medicare for all

So many BETTER choices!

No #WealthCare
#SavetheACA
Or you can move to Venezuela and get everything you want. Socialism and single payer. Go get it. Hurry.
Poser
Lies.
@LindseyGrahamSC bill will gut #healthcare for millions.
It's #Obamacare lite.  Stop wasting time. Move on to tax reform now. You simply refuse to do what constituents want #FullRepeal
Welfare was the only entitlement ever reformed.  This follows the same plan, the same tactics to take the money out of DC. #itworks #DoIt
No no no and no.  Why shouldn't we have what you have?
#GrahamCassidy leaves the left and the right more unhappy than satisfied. Should not pass

Well it figures this is Santorum's input. For that alone most PA seniors ask WHY ? Let him and his ideas stay on CNN. Shame on you.
Not to get mired in the technical details, but this bill gargles ball sack.  Medicare For All may make you feel sick, but it covers that too
No, no no Lindsey. People want you to fix ACA, not these shenanigans. Be decent, be honorable and fix it and then impeach Trump.
All of this means punishing the elderly, children, disabled, veterans and woman for existing and rewarding the rich who contribute to you
Senator:  Please do something about Mnuchin.  How can this abuse of American tax payers stand?

#GreatReads: The staggering hypocrisy of Bill Cassidy and Lindsey Graham: http://bit.ly/2xkjGXg  @mattyglesias 
Fix healthcare NOW
Just improve ACA. Majority likes it. As for Santorum-leave us alone. We voting you out big time.
You don't seem to know what Americans need. If only you would admit the truth. Crime.
Another piece of junk bill
Shifts funds from blue states that responsibly expanded medicaid to red states that said no to obstruct Obama. GOP Rewards obstruction?
Your boy McCain will do nothing but screw you again and make all of you look like fools.
This is garbage - America doesn't want it. Try again.
This is complete trash, basically pushing O-care, or it's impending failure, down to the states. You all deserve to be fired! Useless!
Cuts money from Medicare.

To return taxes to wealthy.
Shuffling the deck chairs
They missed an accomplishment: Did all of the above contrary to massive evidence that it's the wrong thing to do.
Awful according to CBO estimates.  Just awful:
Seriously @LindsayGrahamSC   please explain how any of these things are good. Pick three from CBO list and tweet how you sleep at night.
Five old white men. Four with government healthcare and one who would love to have it but can't get elected bc people can't stand him
We,the United States need B61 in South Korea against Kim jong-un
Oh Lindsey, no one believes you any more
No, No, No, No, No
For shame, this will take health care from millions. you should be ashamed.
If SC doesn't vote you out in 2018 something is wrong with the state.
sir, free market heathcare, ure thinkin too much
Lets bet a steak dinner this doesn't pass..
Well bernie is right which is totally sad but repubs let obama do whatever
He wanted Then when u got the house &senate you proved to b liars
And lindsey handing it off to the states just so the repubs won't be blamed give us a break Repeal it like u promised.  Let the markets work
If you are pro life that means you want people to live.., why not healthcare for all?
http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2013/08/republicans-supported-obamacare-gingrich-dole-individual-mandate/ … is your name on this list?
More like lowlights!
Senators, repeal is dead. Stop it. Just fix parts of ObamaCare that need fixing.
How about an Obama care full repeal… and we replace YOU and the rest of the RINO? 
@RickSantorum FULL REPEAL OF OBAMA TAX
Do you have a wife ? Daughter? This bill is awful
Highlights  This bill is Even worse than before
Real highlights!
JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
Pass it but states need full flexibility to determine mandates.
No.
So the states can spend money on nonsense insoof healthcare?
I don't see anything about making sure all Americans have healthcare like EVERY OTHER CIVILIZED NATION
.@HouseDemocrats.@SenateDems Just more of the same! MILLIONS KICKED OFF HEALTH CARE! WOMEN & POOR & CHILDREN COMPROMISED Where's CBO score?
Reoealing individual and employer mandate will mean only sick people buy insurance which means risk is not spread which means unaffordable.
You must add the Cruz Amendment to make the bill acceptable to conservatives.
It does NOT protect people with pre-existing conditions.  Lifetime/yearly caps will be back in play.
Give it up already Senator you guys can't do anything right
Highlight reel of Lindsey speaking today.
Your plan sucks. Do you have a heart?

Ignorance is thinking repealing mandates, taxes and covering pre-existing conditions are compatible. The math simply doesn't work. #gopLIES
Another shade attempt at fraud.
So I am screwed at age 55 with no insurance that would be affordable? Why not at least lower Medicare to age 55?
What are you proud of?  This would do nothing to improve health care. How does defunding and passing the buck to states help?
Got a better idea #MedicareForAll
And destroys Medicaid for the poor and disabled. Well done sir. Can you actually sleep at night?
This is not fixing it.
Terrine plan. No thanks. Giving Texas option to opt out of Medicaid expansion hurt Texans. Block grants will do the samr.
As long as you have to have the same as the American people, sir.
Boo!
Aka death panel!
This includes all you members of Congress, right? Strange how you take care of yourself first. I usually like you, but not this~
Health care should not depend on state of residence.
don't forget, you are earning my taxes wasting time on this garbage!  Your best idea was carbon tax economy! coward.
If my state can waive pre-existing requirement, how are they also protected? Sounds like a lie "falsehood"
Vote him out in 2020!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This bill is a huge joke, but by all means - keep trying to take health care from people. It will definitely help you in the midterms.
Do it
Screw all that. Repeal the dreadful ACA and let the market drive prices down. This is America, not a 2nd rate socialist experiment.
You are a fucking moron
stupid, stupid, stupid.  Work across aisle to improve ACA.  Remember, u r a foreign policy hawk, not a health care guy! #inners
More shoving of crappy legislation down our throats.Universal Healthcare for everyone!The private insurance market is failing. 
Retire!
You can't remove the individual mandate... It's the only way the whole thing works.
Lifetime cap?  How will you fund and support it without mandates?  Why not just improve ACA, not kill it?
Bullet three should be: strengthens the ability of states to waive protections.
You're ensuring Medicare for all.
Noticed you want to repeal the MedDev Tax, but you are OK with OTC pills not being covered in HSA. That Tax helps pay for ACA.
Check your replies, this is a no go with savvy Americans.
please listen: at least take the teeth out..not mandatory no penalties put the part time back to 32-34hrs..allow individual insurance
You failed to mention rates for those with pre existing conditions and caps......no repeal unless it enhances coverage for all.
anything supported by @RonJohnsonWI will prey on the vulnerable and hurt insurance markets. he doesn't get it. and doesn't care.
Let it go man!!
Meh. I like Bernie's plan better.
Several months late Graham. Perhaps if u weren't so distracted by Russia farce & tryin to destroy country thru DACA amnesty... but now, meh.
How do you give pre-existing wo mandate. Can't be done.
GOP has to cut OBAMACARE to give HUGE TAX CUTS to wealthy...we get $300 and get to wash their limos
Nope
You know Universal HC is the only plan that works.  If there was a better one out there,  another country would have it by now.
Lindsey, I like you a lot, most of the time, but NO. No, No, No, No, No. don't take our HC. Move on.
I'm in SC. DREAM act- good, health care-bad!
How can you with a straight face say this is a good deal. Medicare works, government run and all.

Pay attention STAY AWAY FROM HEALTHCARE YOU DO NOT KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING
Drives working class in to BK if they get sick. Great for folks with Gov healthcare, like you.
Swamp. Do nothing. That is how you will be remembered
Protecting pre-existing conditions is definitely the cherry on top of this turd sundae.
4 spineless politicians trying to get back into the Trump Circle of Trust. Heller? He's trying to avoid Trumps threat to primary him
Graham-Cassidy bill doesn't repeal Obama care!   That's NOT acceptable!   Repeal the entire act. @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @Gop @cnn
Nice! 1/3 of the democrats are voting for universal healthcare for all and you are voting for no healthcare for all. 
gee Lindsey. Are you actually proud of those?
If I live in CA and travel to SC and get sick or injured in SC, would I be provided the same insurance benefits as if I were in CA?
need to dumb it down #ACA
Basically let's make it worse than before the ACA. The @gop drive up prices and drive away choice.  The need to buy rape ins nice touch.
Americans want the ACA so why are you undermining the will of the people ?? Do your job and represent us- not  GOP big business $$.
Repeal Lindsey and his elk in 2018
bad plan. next.
Oh, and doesn't replace your spine.
and how many millions lose coverage?
How many can afford #ObamaCare deductibles ?? Or lost their plans under #OBAMACARE??
-hahahahaha..yea......no
Kills the poor.
Lets insurance companies declare everything a pre-existing condition. 
Bulks up your stock portfolio.

1-out-of-5. #LindseyGraham, you get an F. (In political parlance, "You suck")

I can't trust my state of Illinois to handle their budget now as it is so I definitely don't trust them with allocating the block grant
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
These "highlights" make it obvious that you're not listening to the people. So who *are* you listening to? Who's handing you cash, Lind?
To you and all the Nazi Leaders in MY White House!
If you fix things for dreamers and not American health plan pretty sure your all going to find your self out of a job
Here's a summary of the idiocy
You are repealing insurance for the middle income, a soul less man.
CBO score please Lindsey
Lets get this done quickly
With all due respect, your definiton of 'highlights' differs from that of millions of people just wanting affordable health care #ProtectACA
Dream Act first.  Oh, and Impeaching the Racist-in-Chief.  His ass needs to go.  Then we can get some work done.
You are a real dreamer aren't you?   There is a zero chance Trump would be impeached.
Why won't be be impeached? Cause GOP ignores blatant violations of the law by Trump? He should've be impeached months ago.
No, no, no, no, and no. None of those bullet points are good for your constituents - nor America.
WTF why do you ( Lindsey) have a hard on to screw the elderly and poor ? SC gov is in shambles and you want them to delegate heathcare?LMFAO
What a disgrace you are.
You forgot a few:

"Destroys the American healthcare system"

"Leaves millions desperate & uninsured"

"Literally kills people"
And they're gonna fund it how???  Oh wait, they're not gonna fund it...
dumb plan.
Nice the way you men always go after women healthcare and pre exiting condtions Your greed is dusgusting when Taxpayer pay your care
That's great... Hey, when are you going to do something about this criminal in the highest office in the land? You're really pussin out
No support here
KEEP THE ACA, fix the problem! Repeal the Republican Congress! IDIOTS
"Equalizing": This just means your drastically the medicaid expansion by spreading $$ over 50 states b/c GOP govs turned it down. Fraud!
*cuts Medicare for the sick, elderly, and children*
*leads to greater medical debt*
*objectively worse than Obamacare*
Americans reject your ideas. Fix and Fund the ACA.  Enough of your racist horseshit
Your Trumpcare bill is appalling, unchristian and harmful to Americans.  Focus on passing a CLEAN DreamAct.  #IntegrityMatters #DoYourJob
the Emperor has no clothes, nor his courtesans like Graham!...they have empty box of ideas now no Pres. Obama to blame #inners
This sounds like single payer healthcare again tied up and presented in a new package so government controls all the money healthcare makes.
Nice - DO TAX REFORM NOW
This is bullshit and you know it. It's just a snow job Lindsey. Fund the ACA and protect us. Enough is enough.
I'm perplexed as to why anyone who makes over $30,000 yr would like Obamacare. $9,000 deductable
yea...sounds bad......
You are lying. It does not protect patients with pre-existing conditions. #TrumpCare3
I don't believe bullet points. Give me more info.
@ASlavitt has been providing lots of numbers and info on his account
This is a non-starter from the get go. Removing the regulations that ensure insurance is effective? That is no good.
You misspelled "returns power to pharma and insurance companies"
What does it do for our premiums, deductable and actual coverage? That's what we want to know.
Premiums and deductibles would skyrocket, we would lose pre-existing condition coverage
Cuts maternity and Womens' care, so our risk for infant and maternal mortality goes up
Coverage would likely continue decreasing. Nothing in here encourages raising coverage in any way.
Liar.
Yeah ok
Yeah bot
What?
What a sham
A real summary
JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
Makes a lot of sense.
Focus on passing your DREAM Act. There isn't a 6 month clock ticking on your efforts to rob Medicaid's coffers.
Well I can't speak to his internal motivations...he avoids us constituents as much as possible. Prob also has to do w/fact that to... (1/2)
...pass any ACA repeal w/50 vs 60 votes it has to be done by Sept 30th per Senate rules (2/2)
