Give us healthy people major medical so we're not paying for irresponsible people!
Yea being born with a predisposition to breast cancer or having a chemical imbalance in your brain is so irresponsible!
Who do these kids think they are getting autism and Down syndrome, childhood cancer. &fuck old people with natural wear&tear! Irresponsible!
I'm so glad all women who are so horrifically irresponsible to have children when they aren't millionaires will go bankrupt.
There's a happy medium between destitute and millionaire!
Didn't see this till now. The difference between millionaire and destitute can be one illness
The difference between life and death can be one illness, doesn't justify Ocare. Most people cannot afford insurance AT ALL!
So your solution is to make it impossible to afford for an even larger portion of the population
My husband is a firefighter and type 1 diabetic.  Does he not matter?  He risks his life for strangers, why does his life not matter to you?
Look how they treated 9/11 first responders. They don't care about ANYONE
Liar speaking on a lie-ing platform.
I wish there were more hours in the day for me to understand how your barbaric plan to remove OCare HELPS MORE THAN IT KILLS PEOPLE.
Wish you could explain how Ocare has allowed us to keep our doctors and plans we had in past! Major medical doesn't exist any more!
I cannot explain that any more than they can how this is better.  The current system is far from perfect, but scrapping it for this...NO.
Anything is better than Ocare which will die and lead to social medicine!
I admire you in so many ways. But why would you want to make me unisurable? I was born with inherited kidney disease. I had no choice. u do
That's what they've been trying to do this entire time with repeal and replace
Of course. Now that the Koch brothers are threatening to withhold $400 mill, they are giving it another go. Heinous
No $400 million is how much they are SAYING they are withholding. With citizens united we will never know how much they really hand out
Right. Tomato tomaato. It's alll about money.
No one wants this except the fox and friends overlords
@LindseyGrahamSC  Why can't you just do the job you said you would do? #RINO  #EndObamacare #RepealAndReplace
Here's an idea: pass a single-payer plan. You'll overturn the ACA and be bipartisan heroes. Oh yeah, and people won't die. #priorities
You're dealing with people's lives. You should be ashamed.
Sorry old man I don't "tune in" it's 2017.
This isn't even close to repeal/replace. NO prices listed for services/procedures - mandated NO across state lines insurance. RETIRE
Hahahahahahahahaha...you are bufoon.
The GOP propaganda machine. Afraid to be interviewed by someone who will out this bill for what it does
I agree completely. I would have more respect for him if he would have gone on CNN or MSNBC. They would have asked the tough questions.
Your bill sucks @LindseyGrahamSC.
No cbo score? How can you be a conservative?
I have a pre-existing condition why do you want to hurt me?
I also have a pre-existing condition why do you want to kill me & Bankrupt me
#NoNoSOULNoDecency
2 words: why & bother

You have no clue what you are doing.
Each new bill you present is worse than the last! You've had 7 YEARS so we know your intentions are BAD.
Tell Fox Kremlin News how you have tax payer paid healthcare and how only you and your  deserve healthcare
They are horrible people ..!!!!! Instead of taking their time and fixing all that's wrong you slam something through, why if it's so great.?
Because after September 30th they will need 60 votes to pass it. Motives are a win at any cost.
Awful for the country!!! U R all killing the future of the #GOP ! $ for private jets but not for healthcare?
Times like this I hope God is real so you all will have to face his wrath. The Bible speaks DIRECTLY to these situations; you? Opposite!

You fail to guarantee coverage for pre-existing conditions at affordable costs. Costs rise. Billions in Medicaid lost.
Hope we have proctology coverage in new hlth care bill after you get done with it. Waterboarding against the law. Your bill has same effect.
You are a fraud Senator!
You are a big disappointment.  What a farce you have turned out to be.  You and your buddies are going to pay a price for this bill
Try going on non-State Run TV and let's see how far you get. Besides Trump's base, Americans aren't stupid. It's easy to sell lies to FOX!!
You are a liar. You are hiding so many elements of this bill. It will cap Medicaid and it does affect preexisting conditions. Shame on you
Faux News FOX. A joke!
Booooooooooooo y'all are . U got great HC that we pay for but y'all don't want us to have descent HC tho God will judge
I hope you all have a "pre-existing condition" and are required to subscribe to whatever health care plan you develop.
Y'all keep screwing with us, and we're sending you home as fast as we can!
VOTE NO! My brother will die if he loses his #ACA.
You SUCK! All Americans should have your health care plan. If not, we don't want it!
Notice you're adding more names to the title so you won't bear the responsibility of this travesty of a health insurance bill on your own
BULLSHIT ... your plan is a death sentence for many americans !
You lost me here Mr. Graham! I was a big supporter of yours till you turned your back on millions of Americans for special interest groups
Let us see how these tribal GOP, anti-WtP, liars want to destroy the USA healthcare system with Dumb and Dumber:
I think you are supposed to be the Obi-Wan in this scenario, Senator Graham.  REPAIR.
Don't forget to discuss promises made to Koch brothers
Interesting how you ONLY will show up on so-called faux and friends.  Be sure to tell the girl(s) to uncross their legs to change subject
You need to talk to the people who are afraid.  They likely don't tune in to Fox.
U should be ashamed of such a poorly designed bill - and I usually support you - I hope you never have a pre-exis cond
It's YOU that has to to live with your actions @LindseyGrahamSC. You will kill millions of Americans. You will be on wrong side of history.
Sorry to hear you have resorted to the faux news channel!  I supported you until you put your name on this death bill!
You should go to a real news channel and explain why your plan is so beneficial for America #fakenews #noGrahamCassidy
Your healthcare bill is deplorable. You are deplorable.
@SenJohnMcCain Republicans send kids to war but when their bodies gets damaged y'all condemn them as "pre-existing condition" sick people!
I'm your constituent and have a pre-existing condition. Why do you want me to die?#noGrahamCassidy  #shameonyou
You are a wishy washy which way does the wind blowing in your favor politican. Disgraceful
Shame on you and your pal! Your bill will put American lives at risk.
ICYMI
If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
SC voter here. 29526 i oppose this bill.
Of course you are.  How much $ is koch bros giving you?
YOU tune in, Senator. We, your constituents in SC and the American working middle class & poor voters DO NOT WANT THIS.
https://twitter.com/LindseyGrahamSC/status/860162852614803456 … NO CBO score on this proposal! NO! #KillTheBill
A bill -- finalized yesterday, has not been scored, amendments not allowed, and 3 hours final debate -- should be viewed with caution.
Why not give the American people the same socialized healthcare YOU get on OUR tax $$s?? Because you put profits before people. Heartless
Where is your soul? You have lied and mislead us. Do the right thing here. Thousands need you to be a righteous guy
Listen to the Governors.  This is not the way to go!   We need a bipartisan solution.
Tune in listen to a US Congressman flat out lie on mational tv!!!
Are you going to explain why you think it's okay to harm the people of this country w your atrocious proposal?
Vote Graham out of office. He could careless about Americans who have preexisting conditions. Hopefully #JohnMcCain will say to this trash
Shame on you. Do you enjoy your socialist healthcare? Why can't we have it?
Shame on you for trying to destroy US citizens lives. #killthebill
Get on a real news station #ShameOnYou - what happened to you - who has what on you ?
Shame Lindsey.  You knew better.  Federalism is not a solution just an excuse.  Shame on you. What goes around....
You can't be pro-life on Sunday, then deny coverage for maternity, newborns & sick children on Monday.

#savetheaca #GrahamCassidyNO
Don't lie like heller did.  #youwillbeheldaccountable
Child killer, family value thief, killer of the elderly and poor. That's your legacy Graham.

Tell them what a "fine" job the states were doing on health care pre-ACA...especially your state and mine, South Carolina #fakenews
I'll bet your mother raised you better. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Of course you're on FOX.
Thanks for nothing. This is your bill.
Interesting how this bill funnels money into certain states by taking money from others. That's robbery.
Guess @foxandfriends has good Corp ins like @LindseyGrahamSC
There was a time I thought you were an decent person. That time is gone. Because of you people will die, you will have blood on your hands.
while u r there explain to Fox viewers how the UK gov't doesn't want their owner spreading his lies at Sky
That bill's gonna cost you that seat, Senator.
Tell them Jimmy Kimmel is your new spokeman, when he's not eating pizza.  and I don't watch the FOXy lady with her long legs and lies.
How do you sleep at night????
Hey, maybe you could tell them why it will cost cancer patients 142,000.00 per annum?
Nah.
Fix emtala and u fix healthcare and immigration. No healthcare if not here legally
Every time you open your mouth all i see is bullshit inside.
SHAME on you. This bill is for only one group - Republicans.  My 12yo grand daughter had a pre existing -you don't care.
No thank you. I don't need an emetic.
You guys care more about your party than about the people you serve.

FAUX insurance on FAUX NEWS
Sorry, but Fox News is never allowed in my house.
Anyone who continues to associate themselves with Trump at this point is considered a Nazi white supremacist
Shame on you for betraying your country
Shame on you for supporting espionage
Shame on you for supporting treason
Shame on you for enabling Trump and his corruption
The corruption is so obvious and slapping you in the face, but most of Congress turns a blind eye to Trump
Nope.
I'd prefer the Sanders health care bill, thank you very much
No thanks, we are boycotting #FakeNews & those trying to kill millions of Americans another words the  @SenateGOP
Opposed by @AmerMedicalAssn @JDRF @AmericanCancer @AARP @nationalcouncil @MarchofDimes @AmDiabetesAssn @American_Heart @LungAssociation
History will remember this and it won't be favorable.
We know it's all about the money. Monet in your pocket. Sell out . Jerk.
No no no no it's wrong.
What do you say to American Medical Association, March of Dimes, American Lung Association, American Heart Association, JDRF? All oppose.
Even Blue Cross says your bill will hurt consumers.
https://www.bcbs.com/news/press-releases/blue-cross-blue-shield-association-statement-graham-cassidy-health-care-reform …
Fundamentally you are the author of a bill that will, if it passes, turn you and all that vote for it to murderers.
You are stealing money from the states that worked hard for the ACA and Medicaid expansion and giving it to the states that did nothing.
This is what it is all about, isn't it Mr. Graham.


Just a bs plan to reallocate funds from blue states to Bible & Rust belt states and proved tax cuts for top 1%
Lindsay listen, listen!  Your constituents are saying, "NO!"
Yup

So true about your party Graham
Really Graham spewing more lies about your death bill all who die due to losing  there health insurance there blood will be on your hands
Tell us more about the 400M "contribution" the Koch Bros are donating to GOP if this horrendous bill passes.
Let's call it what it is...Blood money.
If you get across state lines on bill, it will past.  Main ingredient's left out.
I handle acute care transfers 4 a hospital system n u don't know what that is. ACA  morbidity/mortality totals in my EMS districts. 1/
Conversely, we can show their  matched w/ insur totals. U deserve to be charged w/attempted murder. Fox n Friends r so stupid, vapid! We in
Health Care laugh at how absolutely ignorant they r n their Kindergartener assessment on HC. Explains Trump. EVIL n stupid, a deadly combo!
Make sure you tell everyone what a horrible bill this is...apparently Trump only pays attention to what is on this crappy show
This proposal is a death sentence for all Americans. #HealthcareIsAHumanRight #Graham-CasdidyDeathCare
@realDonaldTrump
To learn you want me to depend on state of Texas to develop fair, just, humane health insurance practices? Seriously, senator? Have a heart!

No conserv who cheers ripping away the insurance for babies born with critical diseases (for tax cuts) can EVER claim to be pro-life again.
You might as well go on the View. Why don't you go on a legitimate news program (not an entertainment program) and answer questions?
Why are Rs so hell-bent on causing Americans to suffer? People are going to DIE to give tax cuts to people who don't need them. #SickBastard
Your name will be on a bill that literally kills Americans including veterans, children, the poor and elderly. What are you thinking?!
It is called gaslighting.  You are not a professional speaker anymore.  You are a gaslighting liar who hates everything about @BarackObama
Constituents before party. Listen to the people who elected you.
No to the bill. No to Fox.
@LindseyGrahamSC Americans do not support bill that deprives those who need it most of coverage. @GOP will lose big in 2018! @SenJohnMcCain
Your bill sucks just hurting America but you don't give a shit
Are you going to explain how #GrahamCassidyBill will negatively affect women? Or will you smile as usual?
The people of South Carolina don't need or want the atrocity of a bill to destroy our healthcare Shame on you @LindseyGrahamSC  shame on you
Worst bill ever guts Medicaid/ends rural hospitals/no opioids care/ slash pre-existing vote NO #nosenate4uin18
Shame on you
Repeal and let people buy their own on the free market without any government influence.
@RandPaul  #Kentucky  voter asking you to support Graham health care!  #last chance Ky Repub supports it
> What you are proposing terrifies me for myself, my family & the nation.
Do the job you were elected for and FIX the Affordable Care Act! Stop trying to hurt Americans with horrible "healthcare"!
Showing your true colors going on Brietbart and Fox. If you don't want people calling you and Cassidy liars, STOP LYING!  #GrahamCassidy
I can't. I get literally ill.
You and your proposed bill are un-American. Shame on you.
#hypocrite
A bill -- finalized yesterday, has not been scored, amendments not allowed, and 3 hours final debate -- should be viewed with caution.
Jesus is Lord
Everyone #TellThem your story.
> Do you hate women, babies & the elderly? No prescription coverage!?!?!?  Wanting to see how many people you can help die?
Tell them how my 24/7 care disabled 13-year old is FINALLY getting the respite care he and WE need to function. Oh, right. You don't care.
Who cares
Shame on you for writing a bill that will lead to millions of people suffering for lack of health insurance. Your name forever tarnished.
It would be truer to call it, I got my government healthcare so who cares if you're screwed #TrumpandGrahamDontcare
It doesn't matter how many poor people you kill, @SenJohnMcCain isn't going to leave Cindy for you
Shame on you. Cruel bill targeting most vulnerable. No patient advocacy group supports this bill. You will hurt constituents to get a "win"
GOP is the most unethical body of governing white men in my lifetime. How much money did you accept from Russia?
It's a really, really bad bill and I am disgusted that you would continually lie to the American people to get it passed.


You aren't concerned with women's health especially since you will never procreate
Repeal repeal that's the only option
Let it go, Senator. Let us as a nation agree to care for each other. A pinch from the war budget would be enough.
The country is  now understanding who you are. A bad person.
What a joke. You should be ashamed of yourself for not protecting American seniors & those with Pre-Existing conditions. Very Sad!
This bill is very cruel and will leave millions uninsured!!
Better get Ryan and McConnell in line for this healthcare vote. Trump will be reelected not so much U RINOS - T Party
Majority of American's do not want repeal and replace #resign

A bill -- finalized yesterday, has not been scored, amendments not allowed, and 3 hours final debate -- should be viewed with caution.

How about the disabled and those with pre existing conditions
How do you sleep at night?  People will die, don't you care?
Why do keep trying to rebrand a vile healthcare plan?
