.@LindseyGrahamSC Manning Believed Oath“support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and DOMESTIC”
I've been concerned over @LindseyGrahamSC mental health for several years now. An fMRI would be a great start...
.@E_Anahata About 10 years ago heard people start referring to @LindseyGrahamSC as Renfield.  That explained much
That's very interesting but who's his Dracula?
.@Jajngn @E_Anahata The joke started with McCain as Dracula.  But, reading about Bush's, I'm more convinced Dracula might be Poppy Bush.
Jeb wasn't up to the challenge of immortality.
Wonder if Hillary's stumbling was side effect of her current Zombie Treatments.  Albright, Soros, Kissinger, Murdoch.....
They all look alike. It's spooky.
are you serious? somebody rigged ur head too? u suggest perpetuating poor conduct in the spirit of brthrhd #call911 #LGOD
I am waiting on the Ecuadorian Embassy issue with Julian Assange to make a commit on the matter...Blackstone?
former Lindsey Graham stabbed his own constitutes in the back by not supporting who they voted for, but who keeps track.
You support Trump, a slap in the face of all Americans. He mocks you, you take it and ask for more. Pathetic.
I disagree. He responded with grace and humor but he's no blind Trump follower.
We'll see. He'll have plenty of opportunities to show who he is.
- Not many agree - the US government must stop committing crimes in the name of America -STOP SUPPORTING CRIME MR GRAHAM
Like @SenJohnMcCain? Or u just mad Iraq lies were exposed? @HillaryClinton put more lives in danger just as SoS.
.@LindseyGrahamSC and yet you support general Petraeus. The irony is amazing.
Your primary campaign's failure put our country way more at risk. CManning deserves commuting
Hey remember this dipshit?
her sentence given others who committed similar crimes was disproportionate what about the crimes she exposed inv. Those
Sir, would you really expect anything less from this "Commander-in-Chief"? They are both disgraceful!
I think you have not given this enough thought/research.
is warmonger doing the Devil's work of causing wars and murder of scores of human lives.
Unbelievable!  Then again, it shouldn't surprise m after all he's done.  How disrespectful!
blaming whistleblowers overlooks fact that illegal or immoral conduct a risk of its own, and a wrong
It's done and within the Presidents constitutional rights so shut up.  What are you accomplishing by this you hack?
what's that Generals name who kinda did the same thing while having an adulterous affair? ? It's ok.. he's a Republican
"The Obama administration has empowered evil, and been a very poor friend to democracy."
You gotta be shitting me. You get to say this after you vote to convict in @realDonaldTrump's impeachment trial.
If you are serious about national security;
https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-01-17/in-davos-trump-aide-talks-deals-with-sanctioned-kremlin-fund …
Yes-patriotic Americans agree with this statement Senator. Millions of us are really disgusted by this. It's Anti-American
by stabbed in the back, do you mean exposed prisoner abuse and disregard for the lives of civilians?
No, I do not agree.
Dude, did  you see who we elected president? Why the outrage over this and NOT over Wikileaks involvement in the election?
Need instructions on how to make one and kick the chair under your feet also?
can't agree with you on this one. But appreciate your stance on the Russian hacking.
@realDonaldTrump  @mike_pence So:BHO pardnsManningBtWants2prosecuteDJT4"RussiaLEAKS"evn thoHRC had PrivServr?
Yes. But SPC Manning was section 8 from the get go. Like putting a dog in charge of guarding a steak, then jailing.
It seems this did not get the response you hoped for. Given what is abt to happen, it seems there are more urgent matters.
and also retweet this: words actually spoken by the PEOTUS

retweet this Mr. Graham
electing @realDonaldTrump will kill us all, so far the hearings in DC are a joke
I disagree wholeheartedly.
Manning Pardon is invalid. Go to The Guide, pp. 65-8; 250-4; 266; 269 at: https://www.amazon.com/dp/1539464121   to see why.
@davidrogersnews r we really shocked by this
Unfortunately no!
U know who betrayed us,Mitchell McConnell & GOP deliberately impeded efforts by r Pres.That is stabbing the US people!!!
Clemency, Manning still admitted guilt. There were charges not included or dropped reinstate them, new trial on new charges
I'm sorry I don't agree...
Get a life Lindsey. Time you started worrying about your new Commander-in-Chief and how he's already committed treason
trump's nominees have not been held the same ethical & disclosure standard as Obama's nominees.  That is a slap in my face.
Much less a slap in the face than trump accusing Bennett of leaking and disrespecting the entire intelligence community.
I believe there is a lack of consistency within your party right now.  Your figurehead admires Assange.
according to your president elect, it's all fake news.  What mockery is this?
@SenatorTimScott Any explanation given as to why?
disagree
.@LindseyGrahamSC LOL well you can at least take solace in the fact that he wasn't named to head the NSC
mercy and compassion, which seems to be lacking among R.
Disagree. Pls focus on Trump-Putin Russia and not someone who has served a just sentence already and accepted responsibility for her acts.
A little more concerned with a president chatting up Putin ... and not releasing his #TaxReturns , TBH.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Says #GOP, now endorsing #TrumpPutin  #TheResistance
South Carolinians may have to pay to clean up Trump's toxic waste:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6wKcAfczWU …
Trump is about to become President.  Shouldn't you be studying the Emoluments Clause?
it was PC and an insult to all who have served. She put Military in harms way. Disgrace.
Chelsea Manning @xychelsea is a hero who risked her own freedom to stand up to people who murder in the name of American
I agree. It is disgusting.
Trump called the brave people of the CIA Nazis, creating distrust that jeopardizes national safety. Much worse then Manning
my folks HUNTED Nazis WW2. Partisans. "A good Nazi is a dead Nazi!!"
SOME lived. More than Nazis!!
You might consider your own status of covering up your knowledge of direct collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Does Manning not have obligation to his country? Dont violations of int'l law endanger the US? #chelseamanning
trump pardoned Putin 4 hacking r democracy&both R security threat 2 this country!U OK with that? Don't C U jumping up&down
I disagree with your position.
he went to jail for 7 years. He served his time.
Yes, but what's even more of a slap in the face is the fact that someone with a PFC rank could access classified info...
Totally agree!!
Disagree, a crime far less than others who are in power positions, price paid. You may see your DJT needing your support.
The traitor is DT! #russianhackspoliticalprocess #putinpal
we got bigger problems now that we are apparently becoming United States of Russia
If it was Bush pardoning her, would you feel the same? Or if she was not Transgender?
Couldn't disagree with you more.  Manning wasn't pardoned, the msg/deterrent was sent.
service members can be in harm's way bc of executive decisions -supporting troops can mean wanting them home or JUSTLY @war
Respectfully disagree. Mercy has merit. US has the highest number of prisoners in world. Path to new freedom necessary
You must think that 43 commuting Scooter Libby's sentence was equally as bad?
Disagree. Now J.A. must come in to have justice be served
All due respect, @LindseyGrahamSC , u r wrong here. He did a terrible thing. but minimal harm. he owned up. Forgive, as the bible instructs.
she*
totally right. My bad. Didn't mean that...
Resign if you agree with Donnie about John McCain. Stop being an asshat.
Nope. You're wrong on this one, Lindsey. It was humane to commute. Try compassion for a change.
I also disagree.  I think Assange is much more important, and I also object to ignoring Petraeus' betrayals.
Mr. Graham I agree. But would you also agree what she exposed was very important for citizens to know?
lifelong Dem and Obama supporter but I have to agree with you Senator
Assange is the bigger fish.  Manning is no longer a threat to anyone.
this was mercy, nothing more.
no
I respectfully disagree. Compassion and forgiveness is important.
yes and also, he has a ladies name
