Due to #potus45 having broken at least four laws that would qualify for Impeachment, Republicans have shut democracy down.
What 4 , please list and I will do my own research.
Emoluments, obstruction, money laundering, collusion. 1st w/out a doubt. 2nd also, has to meet legal hurdle. 3rd w/out a doubt. 4th ongoing
Supreme Court and the constitution can only prove emoluments, 1st
2nd obstruction , seems to be in reference to Comey. This is under investigation and I'm going.
We have been dealing with the Russian collusion , laundering is new, but also under hearing est June 8.
Doesn't look to be calming down anytime soon. Thanks for your civility.
@sharonwalker555
1.) Let me explain this to you.
We the People will stand up and fight for what is right. We will use our Freedom of Speech, our Freedom of
**TRUMP RUSSIAN TROLL ALERT**
Senator, that is Patriotism, not obstruction. As a military officer, you should realize that. To what flag have you taken an oath?
Immobilizing the governmental process is NOT patriotism it's official misconduct. These committees must complete the people's business.
#TrumpRussia #SpecialProsecutor #TrumpRussia #SpecialProsecutor #TrumpRussia #SpecialProsecutor #TrumpRussia #SpecialProsecutor #TrumpRussia
I'm sure if you stop obstructing an investigation of trump and his undermining of democracy you'll find them more pleasant.
We did not finish with the person that sold 20% of Us Uranium to Russia's Hillary!
Support the President that has given us a supreme court justice that is a miracle! Please just go on without the Democrats
At least they're taking a stand for a special prosecutor!! Good for them!!  
For Hillary I agaee
Um, 'normal business' would have included hearings for Merrick Garland.
oooohhh I'm sure it was very important
Yes. This pesky treason nonsense is inconvenient.
obstruction?  You are starting to sound like 45.. You're the party in power..but if course y'all can't agree on anything.
Then they are doing their job.
Partisan actions becoming national security concern. Nothing is done, divisions & hatred fueled by representatives that should know better.
Unfortunately for all of us, they learned to do this by watching the Grand Obstructionist Party.
Yes, well then. #GOP set the example.
Um, #Dems??
It's like the past 8 years never happened. Remarkable.
Don´t worry, we don´t need to do anything about terrorism. The Russians promised to protect us..
It's so cute how republicans have the audacity to call any Democrat obstructionist.  It's like NONE of you remember the last 8 YEARS.
Don't asked for support from REPS that elected you! You are way off on the trump train, U should put country over party!
This is political jargon 

Counter productive for Americans 

Stop party finger pointing

Be a LEADER not divider

We're in crisis of LIES
Just get the GOP to set trump straight or start impeachment do your job # protect us
So much wrong in this comment. ALL R's obstructed 44 his entire tenure and now R's don't want to hear of 45's wrong doings u r all traitors
More GOP support needed. Gather your buddies
They should subpoena you too for obstruction also..Stay off the air with those lies..You're embarrassing to America..Shamefull
Are U afraid of Democrats? U have rules that allow U to conduct business with or without them. Nobody puts the people's business on hold.
Lindsey you're full of shit.. Running interference for Trump.. I hope you lose your seat.. I'm ashamed of you senator
YOU SPENT 8 YEARS! OBSTRUCTING NORMAL BUSINESS IN TH SENATE! NOT ONCE DID YOU GIVE @POTUS44 A DAY WITHOUT OBSTRUCTING!
GOP obstructed Obama for eight years. Stop whining
This is the Official Verified Account of a Very Prominate GOP Congressman yet verturlily ZERO support for His BS.
Complicity = Un-Employment
Are there No GOP Apologists on twitter???
GOP offering up Red Meat, but no support. Patriots telling GOP to Act Right! Listen to the people.
in honor of Mother's Day, I am curious how your mother would feel about you not holding a traitor accountable? #askyourmama
Give us a Special Prosecutor. If 45 did nothing bad  he has nothing 2 fear. No SP= continued obstruction& weekly protest marches #RESISTANCE
#GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #ReasonTREASON #LIARINCHIEF #CompromisedPresident #IMPEACH #Hyprocrasy #WannabDickTraitor
With all due respect, Senator, the cancer in the WH needs to be excised. Desperate times deserve desperate measures. #TrumpRussia
if Dems obstruct anything it's cuz they learned from GOP past 8 years.
Oh, stop. You're above blaming your opposition for the political mess/crisis the Prez is causing this nation.
Special prosecutor Lindsey.

Only obstructionists are u, @SpeakerRyan  and @SenateMajLdr  Haven't done a fuckin' thing. Look in the mirror Lindsey.
And you have chosen to protect the possibility that traitors are in the WH by not insisting on a special prosecutor
It is sad you say "democrats obstructing" when all you Repubs obstructed all business in the days of Obama!  You are a sad example today!
The people will rise up to protect our constitution, our way of life. We have been attacked by Russia, we are at war.
Your desire for a tax cut seems to overrule your desire to protect and preserve our democracy. You have lost all integrity
Any "obstruction " is because we need a Special Prosecutor appointed Country before Party!
Choose country before party and stop ignoring the constant breaking of laws by trump.
Only traitors will refuse to insist on a special independent prosecutor to find the truth about the collusion with Russia.
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR
It's going to be a long 4 yrs if you don't act. You'll have to take a class to remember "normal business"
Republicans hold the majority, so how are Democrats obstructing you? Oh, like you did when they had the majority???
Derailing Merrick Garland's Supreme Court  nomination wasn't obstructing normal business??
After 8 yrs of the #gop opposing #obama on literally everything, NOW you're complaining abt obstruction? Unbelievable. You #hypocrite .

You have to be kidding!! You people disrespected Obama everyday he was in office. Now you elected a crook that made us a laughing stock.
The ONLY "normal" business the Senate should have right now is RIDDING OUR GREAT NATION of the shitstained toddler in our White House.
You talk a big game Senator, but you have no integrity. Typical party before country republican #disgustingtraitor
Resisting Trump isn't about HRC losing. It's about Trump being out of touch with: govt process,needs of American ppl, allies/enemies, power.
You are as nuts as he is

EXCLUSIVE: Sealed Indictment granted against Donald Trump https://patribotics.blog/2017/05/14/exclusive-sealed-indictment-granted-against-donald-trump/ … <--- by @TrueFactsStated and me.
How much obstruction can they accomplish? Wait, are they using historical levels of filibusters? No that was you under Obama. What then?
You have lost what mind u had...GOP spent 8 yrs buried in disrespectful obstructionism. And you GD well know it. Stop power grab..dump trump
Perhaps you could do your job and the right thing by speaking up for a special prosecutor!  But no, let's just act concerned & do nothing!
Защитник предателей
I wonder what your legacy will be.
...do the right thing, notwithstanding the circumstances...
Dear Senator,  Ghandi has conveyed that he would not compromise his values to suit his circumstances. I wish Republicans, who Love power...
Come on Lindsey.....Break Donald Ducks spell....if you don't your gonna be Bugs Bunny....
Maybe you should stop obstructing a special prosecutor to investigate Trump for treason.  Clearly your party is not impartial.
Due to treasonous activities by Trump&Co, I've been forced to spend countless hours contacting elected officials. APPT A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR!
Normal business went out the window when GOP senators wouldn't give Merrick Garland a hearing.
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW! 
SC resident
Get any documents from Trump yet? Or did the Russians pay you off to go away?
If by 'normal business' you mean hateful shenanigans then...super proud of the Democrats
funny you using 'Obstruction' Please - you and McC may be the only GOPs who we Independents trust to stand for country above party! COUNTRY!
You'll never read this, but your GOP friends have been very bad. Be a man and help get this Traitor out. You might earn points even.
You and McCain are so petty and insecure. You're both losers. Deal with it and move on.
Obstruction. Obstruction. Sounds very similar to what the prwsident is currently doing. Concern won't stop this madman. #ImpeachTrump
INDEPENDANT PROSECUTOR NOW!!!!!
Since Trump has been giving you your requested 'Military Might' you seem to be caving. SAD
Thank Trump
You are afraid
Special prosecutor.
Would you have the guts to point at obstruction? The GOP lead by Mitch taught everyone how to do it. Now zip it. That would be smart
You sexy southern Gentleman. You know that something is up with #trumprussia you should choose your side wisely or u go down with em #comey
Point at the dems all you want @LindseyGrahamSC, but your party is no longer the party of patriotism. It is a party of treason.
support our President, fix Healthcare(Ocare sucks) cut taxes and build the WALL!  No excuses!!  Especially lame dem obstruction!
Trump is obstructing normal with his be unhinged behavior.
Russians in the Oval Office
Special prosecutor now!

This isn’t remotely like Watergate. During Watergate, Congress cared whether laws had been broken.
Don't blame democrats for things when you vote with them.  Stop playing the McCain game.
COWARD
Do you think @LindseyGrahamSC should call for a special prosecutor to head #trumprussia investigation? RT!
Due to Republicans shirking their responsibilities to be a check on the power of the President, our democracy is in danger.
Still nothing from you.  Stand up for your country.
The Atlantic-Richardson, Ruckelshaus, and Cox Their example shines nearly half a century later because such a choice remains so rare.
Obstructionist Democrats give MIss Lindsey the vapors!  Maybe a trip to the Russian Tea Room with Trump will cheer her up.
You talk a good game... but do nothing as usual
Shame on you for your continued support of Trump. All your credibility--flushed down the drain.
Sir please stop the mad man. Stop his executives orders, nominations etc. Stop the destroyer of this beautiful country. We are not Russia.
No senator is your crazy Trump & ur party. GOP  put Trump over country he  is destroying our country when will u all stand up to Trump?
I am so going to enjoy this
When did you forget your military oath? When did the GOP buy you for such a cheap and tawdry price.
ADDRESS the elephant in the room, Senator. Ur duty is to COUNTRY, not Trump. Keep this up and the GOP won't get enough '18 votes to pocket.
Obstruction is the GOP go-to plan. Do you think we've forgotten the last 8 years?  Merrick Garland?  DO YOUR JOB. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Like obstructing the dismissal of fbi  head, by someone who recused himself of the same case? Do you know no shame senator?
Democrats are not obstructing business the Republicans are.  I finally see true colors of the Rep.  They all believe in cover-up, even you.
You condone letting Lavrov and Kislyak do the equivalent of donuts in the parking lot in the White House? Shame!
Well hell! U dont need a hearing to run through the things u and your fellow GOP'ERS are doing every day, now do ya?Kind of a waste of time!
Looking 4 a response on how u feel about letter from trump's lawyers?  The ones with Russian clients & that won a  Russian law firm award?
Democrats wouldn't be obstructing anything if there were a sane person in the White House. I'm not sure how you sleep at night
You are usually the voice of reason. Stand up for the USA! Stop blaming Democrats for obstruction, the PTOUS is tearing down our democracy
Due to the GOP disregard for the RULE OF LAW. Thanks for condoning Putins henchman in the Oval Office, laughing at you
Good thing they obstruct. Perhaps they'll stop you from letting the criminal in the White House choose his own prosecutor. #complicit
BS
Republicans have total control of WH, House, and Senate and still you complain that they "obstruct". Trump is who is obstructing---justice
Do the right thing and put COUNTRY OVER PARTY! Enough is enough. People are outraged.
start impeachment proceedings.....he is toast.
Look into my Crystal Ball! Then U might get a clue to the way the Senate should be!
hm. better than obstructing justice like the president tho amirite?
Did it ever dawn on anyone that with all of the Russians Trump lets in the White House that they were the ones that probably bugged Trump?
Really, Lindsey? Isn't that what the Repubs did for EIGHT damn years?
Obstructing business? Isn't the business of congress to protect the democratic process? POTUS has made a mockery of checks and balances.
What will it take, Sir?  What on earth will it take to act on this Pres.? All of us out here can see we R in peril. Don't u love ur country?
Seriously, you should be impeaching Trump, instead you sit by and applaud, all in the name of party. Grow some balls, do the right thing
Boo freaking hoo. Agree to special prosecutor for #Trumprussia and you can get back to shredding health care & giving rich tax breaks
Dems obstructing? That's pretty funny
I'm so tired of hearing gop blame dems for everything. You guys need leadership. You have both houses. Keep playing politics
Keep playing politics and talking tough about Russia. While your pres. takes pictures with them. You have let trump turn USA into a joke.
Back to your cage, Mrs. Graham.
Maybe you should call for a special prosecutor then. Of all Republicans, I would think you'd be concerned w/the integrity of our elections.
Oh come on.What is obstructing normality?Huge mistake to associate yourself with someone who subverts the rule of law and ethics. Stand up.
Did u get that certified letter from Russian law firm of the year yet?
The corruption running in the GOP is astonishing. Even the ones that are not that bad suck! You all are covering up for the criminal in WH.
At least "some" back their words with actions unlike ...
Senator-You and @SenJohnMcCain had dinner w/45. Did you pledge loyalty to Trump? Are you on tape?
Oh please stop. If roles were switched, you would be doing the same thing. Paralyzed Congress.
Dems? Dems? Have you met your fucking president? Obstructing justice and investigation. For fucks sake, Linds, get you priorities straight
Before anything else, we need an extensive investigation on DT ties with Russia. 
Have you ever seen a cover-up with no underline crime?
Or do we
So are u gonna tell trump his pointless prove nothing from a Russian favored law firm certified letter is meaningless
I trusted you.
I'm furious to see that you aren't patriotically joining them & pursuing what's directly in front of you. This country is being hijacked.
A truly independent investigation would end this madness, Sen. SC.
Not a damn Democrat and I really thought you were for the people! Be a leader for Christ's sake!
You need to get over the idea your distasteful attempt at being funny makes your cynacism palatable or effective! #Not funny!
Read the room.
Get real.  The Republican Party obstructed the Obama administration for 8 years.  It would be nice if you folks acted like grown ups.
U r my Senator and I am very proud that u represent SC but, by not asking for an independent investigation on $  T/R u disappoint us all.
Speaking of obstruction, most people including myself believe that we need an INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION on the T/R case. We r counting on u.
Perhaps you could use the free time to look into the corruption exposed by hackers at the DNC and @HillaryClinton election campaign @nytimes
Start thinking hard about the 25th Amendment and actual leadership.
