Sen Graham I respect you to do the right thing in investigating and protecting the right of the American people for transparency
Your stalling and constant focus on "leaks" is ridiculous.  The purpose of today's hearing was to discuss Russian interference and possible
collusion.  Shame on you all for enabling Trump....you are complicit.  We need an independent commission.
Overhaul the judiciary now there not the law of the land limit them now or its over for all
Please investigate Kushner's push for "pay for play" visa's for Chinese investors in their businesses. This is horrible.
How do you not understand that Yates took an oath to uphold the Constitution, not POTUS?
We need to thank the leakers! If the info hadn't been leaked, Flynn would still be there, because Trump had no intention of firing him.
Please continue to put country above party to get to the bottom of this, no matter where it leads
@LindseyGrahamSC is now a full-fledged lying member of #RussiaGOP 
#trumprussia. Disappointing, but no surprise.
Hold him accountable. Follow the money. Subpoena taxes and business records.
You held a good hearing today. I just hope that your partisanship does not cloud your judgement.
The leaks are the only way that you have the info on Flynn at all. Thank God for the leakers or we'd be at the mercy of asshats like you.
Fine work today, Senator.
It is still important to know about the leaking to the press and the unmasking, who ordered it?
We'd like to see you on @maddow too!
You are disgraceful with your party before country policy. We need an independent counsel. (1)
More concerned about unmasking than Russian interference shame. Sadly much better than your colleagues who are still playing duck & cover
1 ( Check your dictionary interference and collusion are not the same thing. 2) "Not at this time" means just that
I guess you missed the part where 17 US intelligence agencies released a report about Russian interference in our election to favor Trump
Try reading a newspaper not just lining the cat box with it

This didn't work out well for Nixon.  And it won't for @realDonaldTrump--or the country.
I'm confident you and Ben Sasse will get to the bottom of this.  The others on your aisle will lay down on this.... Sadly
Senator Graham: Question: Why don't republicans on committee seek  answers regarding whether ANY vetting was done for sensitive positions?
Well done Senator I'm a dem but I really am glad you are there I'm proud of my government today thank you sir
Why?
Because he is a normal republican and that's how our government is suppose to work, Dems and rep working together
Mr. Irrelevant speaking to Ms. Irrelevant.
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
Complicit
No. We've heard enough from you. Deal w/WaPo on your own time. You work for us. Investigate the traitor in our WH!
REAL NEWS: Yates & Clapper testimony UNMASK more incompetence by @POTUS administration. Didn't heed WARNING that Flynn compromised.
Hopefully you are asked where the CBO score is.
You're a joke Lindsey. You love to feign concern, but you support that man regardless of what he does to this country. Country over party.
You are a fraud - feign concern for our country when all you really are is a partisan hack - nothing more Mr Graham. #DoYourJob
You care more about how info was leaked than how corruption in WH exists?! Shows you do not care about our country. You serve corruption
You ran a very good committee hearing. That's the way Senators ought to act...except for Cornyn & Cruz.
No, we tuned in earlier. Did you ask ONE question about Flynn? About Pence?
Why are you being such an UnAmerican coward? Stand up against @realDonalTrump and stand up for your country. #DoYourJob #2018isComing
try 2 b a loyal american and not a t-rump enabler!!!!!
You embarrassed yourself in the hearings today.  Country first.
Trump fired Susan Yates, extremely skillful, to get a really weak attorney General, Sessions. Wonder why? Well, no need to wonder.
2nd Greta's kudo to Sen Graham & Sen Whitehouse. So refreshing to see BI-PARTISAN RESPECT & cooperation. True officers and gentlemen!
Yeah right. It wasn't a hearing. All you cared about was leaks. NOT #TrumpRussia. I can't believe you didn't wanna put country over party.
Graham should remember that a pathological liar who may be attempting to destroy democracy will always be outed by leakers. Sad & important.
traitor
I applaud your bipartisan work. It is imperative to get the truth about Russian involvement and about info collection.
Hey Lindsey - nice, fair job on the interview. Props due.
Nothing like a diversion! Pathetic
Forget the leak for now and request an indepe dant commission. SC can turn blue fast!. #SallyYates
HAHA!   Suuuure u want to sanction Putin.  Sure ya do.  Take ur sweet time pretending.
TRUMP wouldn't fired Flynn without leak! #WashingtonPost hero here. Trump's a bottom feeder. If you believe otherwise you have been conned
THANK GOD SOMEONE LEAKED THE INFO ABOUT FLYNN!!!  BC THE GOP IS A TRUMP/PUTIN ENABLING DISGRACE!
You are a disappointment. You talk about Russia not being our friend, but you continue to put party over country. SHAME!
.@LindseyGrahamSC @greta appreciate looking at unmasking. But what about coverups? Would Flynn be NSA today if not for leak to WaPo?
PLEASE have closed door hearings with #SallyYates and #JamesClapper USA needs to know complete truth about #TrumpRussia
Pass
Can you please not make this about the leaks? Can we deal with those after because the espionage seems much more important.
WH ignored info Flynn was possibly compromised & went on business as usual, yet unmasking is the issue? WH knowingly left US vulnerable
Thank you and senator whitehouse for a good informative hearing. Thank you get into it and get Russia out of WH. Bipartisan can work
Why are you so concern with unmasking??  R you afraid of you being unmasked?  You Republicans r all dirty. Makes Hillary look like an angel
The left are nothing more than UNAMERICAN
All you are worried about is the leaks not Russiaall of the liars kushner, flynn,sessions ,pence , trump that had
Direct contact with Russia and we all kniw it
DONT YOU THINK WHEN DOING SOMETHING SHADY TALKING TO RUSSIANS  THAT ARE TARGETS OF OUR IC SHOULD GET REVEALED ? YOU SHOULD GET UNMASKED
#IndependentInvestigation Anything less is a disservice to our country.
Oh my... I find myself looking forward to listening to you.
Shame on you .A traitor in the WH and you try to deflect.
@GOP unmasking & Muslim ban obsession all the proof US needs that only independent investigation will get to Truth. No more party b4 country
I have news for you. Americans are far more concerned with your sleazy corrupt party's complicit behavior w Trump than who leaked what info
...AND WE WOULD HAVE GOTTEN AWAY W IT IF IT WERENT FOR THOSE DAMN KIDS AND THEIR LEAKS!
I know, right?
Thank U for being a Republican with integrity. I am not a Republican but I respect U. I wish more congressman and Senators we're like you.
leaking isn't as important as why the embarrassment @realDonaldTrump allowed this to occur as he squats in our WH. Tax returns?EricRussia$?
We want to know what you are going to do about all of the violations of the emollient clause?
If you are not pro #trumprussia, you need to stop acting so hostile towards @SallyQYates and so kind to Russia.
Leaks have always been part of Wash DC business. a true patriot informed Wash Post about Flynn.without leak traitor Flynn would still be NSA
& doing a good job 
We need an #IndependentCommission
Maybe someone on Trump Team leaked to the Washington Post.  There were certainly some on the team that were not fond of Flynn
Your concerned w/leaks, we're concerned DT & 9 members of his Admin have contact & business interests with Russia!
#IndependentIvestigation
actions
Get to the bottom of #trumprussia and look for leakers when this is OVER!
Your too focused on leaks. If not for leaks the public would never have known and Republicans certainly would have repressed all this!
Some government officials forget that they work for the people...Trump.
politics aside for this issue. We cannot lecture other countries about democracy if we cannot be the example in our
You were TOLD over and over again HOW unmasking works. Gimme a break!
Trump is a #traitor The sooner you get on board the more likely to keep your job. Quit BLAMING Obama! He WARNED trump.
m. Thank you, sir, for being a patriot today.  America's stature in the world is dependent upon putting partisan
Why didn't you question both the lack of doing nothing by Obama. I forgot, he called Putin to ' knock it off'. And you were prepared???
Watching u now..just admit you knew what Flynn was all about!!! Obama WARNED 45..good grief man!!!
You are ridiculous!  She rightly pointed out that had the info not leaked, we would have a NSC advisor compromised by Russia.
As usual the GOP favors Party over Country #yatestestimony #FlynnRussia #Flynnghazi #PutinsPuppet
Your two witnesses today under oath said they did not leak the info to the post. Only other people left is WH Counsel
And counsel with Yates, which I don't think she would have done. Possibly trump himself
Thank you for allowing this to take place and for trying to dig as far as it takes to get to the truth no matter where it leads
I'm watching but you seem more concerned with how Flynn got caught than what the Russians were doing. Come on man! Country before party.
The point is he should have been removed from highly classified mtgs until it was investigated thoroughly. WA Post was the only recourse.
Towing the the trump story is really sad!
YOU should be ASHAMED of the focus of your questions today!! The lack of Patriotism is stunning and sad
I'm gonna check out this @Pornhub video instead. I have more faith in this plumber fixing the woman's toilet than the Senate
Yawn!!!
These leaks are SECONDARY to getting to the bottom of this!!!! Before 2018! Trump LOST the election, yet he's pres. Are u involved?
Why are you evading the real issue?!
https://twitter.com/staffernews/status/826285358967046144 … You look like a fraud! And still talking about leaker. The leaker is a #hero you are scum.
Well that's awkward @jonlovett @jonfavs 
Yes yes Gretta put him on ice but don't let him.change subject
Yes yes Gretta get Grahman the leak was very important we we've not known about the spy Flynn
Mr. Graham, today you met a true patriot. @SallyQYates
Who cares abt unmasking or leaks if the content of either is the TRUTH?! We r not idiots, Senator. Trump & MANY of his staff are #traitors
Your post hearing interview with @mkraju was PATHETIC!  How can you say it doesn't matter how long it took for Flynn to be fired?
Especially since he was sitting in on classified briefings and Trump's call with Vlad
ASK SENATOR WHY HE THOUGHT IT WAS OK TO KERP FLYNN IN WH AFTER THEY WERE TOLD HE WAS COMPROMISED!!!!@
Tell her to unblock me. I miss her insightful tweets.
Intel Sources: FBI has now damaging evidence suggesting Trump's closest aides coordinated with Russia To Damage @HillaryClinton
Have you ever thought that leaks came from WH to force Trump to fire Flynn? Seems that Trump needed a push to get rid of traitor Flynn.
