A day you might proudly walk out of Thurmond's old closet & bravely move in with Brokefoot Mountain Chafe-fit's roomier Bring'em Young one?
Let us never forget ppl like you who is standing idle Kushner tried to sell visa's they have no loyalty to anyone especially the USA wake up
Get off your ass and defend our nation NOW Lindsey. Stop defending Trump. Stop dissembling.
I think you lost sight of that a long time ago. You and your ilk are an abomination.
Country b4 party right?? Wrong y'all don't care just a front for your personal agendas
I read Putin donated 80 million to GOP(ALEC, citizens united), that's why GOP stonewalling investigations.R U A Trumpanze too? ImpeachTrump
Lindsey, do Russians have tapes if you with a man? Why are you a fanboy of Trump's?
In the meantime, let Trump destroy our country
Sadly they don't defend OUR NATION any more cause you have them spread around the world pretending to be at war with everyone else!
Rumor has it it's one of your staffers that's the leaker I hope you all go down for it

#UPDATE Trump actions have "weakened" West, and his "short-sighted" policies hurt EU interests, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel says 
YES, INDEED! THANK YOU LINDSEY!
They are rightly honored. Some would be saddened and shocked today seeing DT turning away from and criticizing his allies.
Don't you mean it's a time for our president to sing and bust a move to that jubilant ditty, The Star Spangled Banner? #Disgraceful
Thanks for your service, Colonel!
Senator, you must stop the corruption in the WH. He's destroying our country and our ruining our relationship with NATO.
RINO!!!
Lindsey Sham, veteran , patriot, Russian sympathizer. 
Senator Lindsey Blah, Blah, Blah could also honor them by not trying to start a new war in every corner of the world!
VERY SHAMEFUL WHAT SOME OF THIS SO CALLED AMERICANS ARE REPLYING TO YOU !
THANK YOU SIR,FOR YOUR SERVICE AND CONTINUED SERVICE !
.@LindseyGrahamSC is the worst kind of public enemy hypocrite.  You are so proud to destroy health care for 23 million American citizens.
And a time for Champagne Popsicles for every American, right?
including those intrepid men on the train in Portland.
I don't think the USS Liberty Crew will accept your thanks.
Lets not have anymore deaths among our young men and women in Armed Forces.
No more wars for oil, WMD's, Regime change.U go first if u want
And you defending @realDonaldTrump on national tv! You are a partisan hack! Party over people and country! Zero credibility! 
INFESTATION.....?..... CORPORATE IMPLANTS INFESTING YOUR FAVORITE POLITICO PARTY....!...CALL  1-2020- @SenSanders @BernieSanders
Senator, remembering my cousin of Clemson, SC.maybe u knew Anderson family. Marine Pilot Earl Anderson lost at sea 27 yrs ago never forget.
You might want to remind Trump about that, Lindsey.
I haven't had any faith in R reps lately, but have had hope in you & @SenJohnMcCain. Today that changed. Mountains of evidence & u deny it??
Let us not forget that Russia has taken over our White House and Congress. This is not what our fallen died for. Shame on you and GOP.
Honor them by putting country before party. It is the least you can do since they put Country first and paid with their lives.

Lindsey! You dishonored the memory of those who fought for this country today on the morning shows. You support treason. Shame, sir. Shame.
You once again Disappoint, Sir. You can do the right thing, and yet, You choose to back somebody who tramples on Our Constitution & Allies.
Then why don't you STEP UP and start defending us from fucking TRAITORS in our White House.
You're letting him ruin all we stand for.
You don't know what to believe anymore?  Well how about Kushner omitting 3 meetings with Russia off his Federal forms? Start there!
I commend you on this Memorial Day. I am not a Repub. can't u see what Is going on here.  Open ur eyes Country before party please
You can fools some of the people but We know you support Trump, You are in his pockets.  Russian Spy! Yes, you are one too
Well said Senator. Great job
Sen Graham I use to respect you; are there any honest respectable people running our government anymore
I was a R  for 38 yrs, now I am just ashamed. I also use to respect you Sir.  What is the dif between Comey $  Sessions
You don't remember the fact you owe your service to the people. Have some integrity so one day our kids remember you.
.@LindseyGrahamSC I suggest carrying a hanky at all times. You may end up needing it when you have egg on your face.
Graham on Kushner-Russia talks: “I don't trust this story as far as I can throw it" http://politi.co/2rvXeZG  
And in defense of the constitution which you stomp all over with your corrupt GOP party above country rhetoric! You have sold us to Russia!
On Memorial Day Weekend Trump destroyed relationships with our allies, compared to dictators & thugs by Macron not the best to honor vets
Traitor
Trump has trashed NATO friendships & acted like a Putin puppet. What are you going to do about the security threat called TRUMP?!
Please honor those who have fallen by honoring the oath you made on taking office.
graham you should be held accountable your acts against American people for taking their healthcare away from 23 mil people your despicable
Plz start supporting @POTUS instead of you & McCain doin everything you can 2 undermine him. He is your commander in chief, for God's sake!

98% of our Active Military served pre-January 2017. This INSULTS ALL ACTIVE AND VETS Who served. We ALWAYS hold/held our heads HIGH!
#WTF 
does it make you feel like you be moved to action against the criminality going on in the WH?
By remembering, you mean screwing veterans over with this budget, right?
Well THAT was awkward.  You are so concerned w Russia..but will u so much as subpoena some tax returns?
NOOOOooooOOOO!!!   Golly gee darn!   I only PRETEND I might do a damn thing about it... NEVER DO!
Macron, Trudeau, May, and Merkel are now leading the world forward.  The US is now a has-been.
Don't Tweet that u care about this country while u actively enable a Kleptocracy that has undermined it
Our nation needs defending now but you and your peers lack the courage and integrity to stand and do something.
Let us never lose sight of the greatness this nation used to project. Do something about the real and present threat posed by our President.
You promised us that you'd work to get to the bottom of Russia and on the Kushner backchannel story, you essentially shrug ? WTF ??!
How many in the @gop are taking money from Russia? Must be a hell of a lot for you to ignore treason. Do your damn job and IMPEACH.
Why is the Republican Party dishonouring those who died by embracing an administration against all that is good for the American people?
We have a draft-dodging, treasonous, laughingstock in the WH, placed there by Russia. This is not what our vets fought for. #impeach45now
tell your party to get some balls and stand up 4 the country.  eject Trump now!!
Senator your to be held accountable by the American people for your acts on healthcare 23 million losing it under a plan you supported.
Failure to attempt to rid our party/country of current admin I fear will be seen as dereliction of duty or worse ... complicity! Please act!
Memorial Day {patriot day }
Agreed. All the more reason you and others in Senate and House must take action against this dangerous admin now. Please do not wait!
Get the treasonous, uneducated fool and his minions out of the White House.
the Republicans that truly believe in our country over power and agenda.  Thank you Senator Graham.
danger to our country and our world !!!!  He is inept and there is no one in his admin that is qualified either.  Please get together with
WE THE PEOPLE;
EVERY SINGLE REPUB-POLITICIAN WHO >> REFUSES 2 DEFEND & SUPPORT OUR CHOSEN PRESIDENT <<  WE PROMISE 2 KICK THEM OUT OF OFFICE
coincidences.  Please, the Democrats' hands are tied.  I have no problem that the Republicans are in power.  The problem is trump.  He is a
My husband, fal!en one in defense of this nation, & u dont have enough evidence 2 secure DT taxes. U lie  while he rolls in grave.
Please do something about our constitutional crisis !!  Please !!  You know there is something very wrong going on.  They can't all be
If there were any republicans who put love of country first, America thought maybe you were one. Alas you're just like all the others.
Lindsey, truly there are only a handful of Republicans that I respect.  You are one of them, because you are not afraid to look at the truth
This is not what a patriot looks like.
My father did not go to Japan + uncles to Europe to have this country HANDED  to Putin. You dishonor their service.
The Russians stole this election for the Republicans and now you're going to start making payments.......TRUMP WILL NEVER BE MY PRESIDENT!
U can honor them best by defending democracy, our Constitution and country. Be a real leader. Call for release of DJT tax returns. Be a hero
You disgrace their service by looking the other way on the WH clear pattern of deception on potential links to Russia.
When push comes to shove, you're just another Trump butt kisser.   I don't trust you, Graham, you'll lie in a heartbeat.
Truely Wonder why @realDonaldTrump is not acknowledging our heros but bragging-tweeting stupid crap. 45 get some control over the nonsense.
You are supporting traitors in the White House and congress. Stop being complicit! You have no honor. #MarchForTruth
Right.& to defend those that cavort w/ Russia & create backchannel ways to reach the Kremlin & sidestep our nat'l security is dishonerable.
You have sold your soul to the devil. I honestly thought you had more sense than to back that evil man claiming to be POTUS.
Part of the military community ,a lot will not reenlist during this administration b/c it's going against what  we stand for, do something
No real use of upping budget , if not a lot people with experience and skills leave . McMaster, Kelly , Mattie are showing the troops
Patriotism and honor are not important. As long as you move a political agenda, what an ugly thing. Especially McMaster since he is serving
If you care for our troops , you would not be part of degrading them and the intel community that usually lean right but see the damage
They are the heroes, NOT YOU GUYS WHO CHOOSE YOUR ANSWER BASED ON HOW THE WIND BLOWS
honor the American Soldiers that faught along our allies. Also FBI CIA and all .We are not perfect but u r playing dangerous game
Degrading the people that get no glory and don't get to go tv and talk tough and do nothing . They do work because they believe in it
Not just scoring a point , like today. You want to attack COMEY and Hillary instead of what is happening and why the leaks are happening
Thanks for honoring those brave soldiers who gave the ultimate sacrifice to defend our freedom. I trust you, your patriotism, love of USA.
Please man up and put America first. Do something about Trump's corruption and about his destroying 70 years of US foreign policy in Europe.
Meanwhile your POTUS has just flushed US foreign policy and US reputation down the toilet.  Are you proud? Patriotism isn't just lip service
Thank you for the sentiment, though most your ill wouldn't send their loved ones into harms way
Why is Graham shilling for Trump
DEFEND FREEDOM?TO GOP DEA ARREST TORTURE KILL TAKE100'sMILsDEA VICTIMS?2/3 USA&WORLD AINT BUYIN GOP NIXON-REAGAN-BUSH-TRUMP-ETC NO MORE,AMEN
SO MANY DIED TO UNDO FASCIST GOP PROHIBITIONS&18thAMENDMENT!,FDR STILL RULES,F NIXON-REAGAN-BUSH-TRUMP-ETC GOP DEA$9TyrWAR SWAMP CRIMINALS!!
Im sick of gop, trump and putin running this country
If trump pulls out of the Paris Agreement, i know you will excuse that too and say its a good thing
Yes, and back OUR @POTUS and his AGENDA 100% and get IT DONE.
Still waiting for you to show patriotism, Europe can see it why won't you
Then how can you continue to support Trump, who is breaking the Emoluments Clause and whose budget will harm our weakest citizens?
Senator Graham, if you care about the memory of our soldiers who perished in WWII, get on a plane and talk to Christopher Steele.
I have stood up for you to people all the time. Stop protecting TRUMP!
I would respect and not be embarrassed I have a little crush on Graham, if he would stand up to the truth and help us boot it out of the WH
Let us not also forget we must always be Patriots on all levels on all situations regardless of you is involed.  Stop supporting Trump
Yes and a lot of fallen fell trying to save our European allies and now your president continues to crap on their legacy and sacrifices!
Agree, and recognize that we owe our freedom to ALL the families who have sacrificed and lost loved ones - no matter their economic status.
Totally agree. Yet our so-called president sits on the sh!tter in the early hours this morning and tweets about himself. Maybe u remind him?
Demand Independent Commission EVERY DAY!! Don't give lip service than watch our Country fall into Kremlins insanity.
If you mean that, then for Gods sake stand up & speak out EVERY DAY against fact our Country was attacked & infiltrated by Russia!!
You are an enabler to trump Russia scandal. Your hands have russian money on them
What do Trump/Putin have on you & other GOP leaders?Why don't you stand up for your country?You spoke out against Trump before.What changed?
There is nor will there ever be anything american about a Trump.Donald bone spurs Trump ( draft dodger) the coward.
Learn how to clean a camera lens
Yes, living in South Carolina, he should know about HUMIDITY....and treason as SC was the first to secede from the Union. #TrumpRussia
Hey are you going to announce you are a Democrat today?
GOP has given away our sovereignty.  Founding fathers weep.
Excellent metaphor!!!!
You've lost sight of what it's about, clearly. Thought you were one R who cared about treason. Suddenly it's cool?
brothers and one husband. thats enough . no more. pls investigate trump & crew b4 they kill the next generation.
Let us not forget the common citizens who fights those same battles on our soil!
And you are dishonoring them by standing by and letting Trump undo all the things they sacrificed for. They defended us, you do not.
These men & women actually had courage. You have no understanding of courage. You only stand up for the lobbyist who pay you off.
If u really cared about those who have sacrificed, you would not be standing by allowing Russian influence in the WH. Words mean nothing.
Time for you to stand up and fight as well... before it's too late.
& think about how European allies can't trust us & how we just supplied $110B of killing machines to the Middle East.But yeah, not there yet
Don't thank us for our service. You should be slapped because of how feckless you are about possible treason. #Shame
Some of those fallen, unfortunately, happened needlessly, as in Iraq. But still, respect to those that gave some/all for the right reasons.
And stand up for our Democracy!!  Wake up!!!
Apparently the GOP disagree's on this one.
Those who've fallen in defense of what WAS our great nation, right comrade?
Why don't you tell that you trump you tool.
Shame on you  ..you and GOP are disgracing these men and women, esp those who fought Communism in Korea & Vietnam .. including my Dad.
"Let us never lose sight of our latest smear campaign" #smearcampaign Stop spinning every answer to a takedown of Comey.#Findsomehonorinside
Funny, Russian trolls and bots have not been assigned to defend you, Sir. You'll get voted out before Trump because you did nothing. #resist
That is funny. It's unanimous on this thread. Makes me realize that the #Resistance outnumbers Trumpies by a huge margin.
Plenty of evidence showing financial dealings between Trump/Russia; his taxes tell the truth .. you have no intention of getting to truth.
You are a hypocrite, Sir. You say one thing on TV but all your actions say you are just protecting Trump. Stop Russian hijacking of the USA.
Wow the fake outrage on COMEY but Kushner not so sure about the reporting?? Interesting since COMEY thing was also a report??
So back investigating Hilary huh? The go to but not the current White House ?? The child that is actually ruining America
You might do that by actually getting rid of the Russians in the White House. Is power that important to the Republicans. SAD
Bless them for fighting for a country you've sold to Putin.
Thanks Yes.
Thank you Mr. President
So please honor our  Veterans today, while we in the #GOP work tirelessly to destroy everything they ever fought for . . .
We will remember that in 2016, the Republican Party said it was okay for Russia to corrupt our national elections. Plant the flag on that!
Your exactly right my family didn't give their life for *45 to let our enemy infiltrate our nation and destroy it from the inside out.
Then stand up for yours and stop turning a blind eye. Do something for your country and stand against Trump and co
Just say: "Memorial Day is a time to honor those who died in defense of the USA." It's 2017--cut surplusage and euphemism to be understood.
The nation you and your GOPers have refused to defend on the Hill. I don't how you always get elected.
Graham and the entire GOP should be charged and convicted on their extreme efforts to coverup for the Trump Administration.
Please help defend our nation by putting country over party.
I cringe when I think of the lives given so that the current administration can advance a hostile adversary's position.
Fake patriotism at its best. Liar.
Yea like the ones who have fallen in Benghazi due to Obama and Hillary's negligence!
You don't know who to believe in anymore? Here's a hint: it's not Trump or anyone in his regime. #TrumpCrimeFamily #DonTheCon
Your in with them you betrayed AMERICA TOO the government has been infiltrated clear as day
