I won't watch. You take every opportunity to bash President Trump. Keep your mouth shut and do some work!
Look at the snowflake that was just triggered. LOL
Funny calling a conservative a snow flake. Believe me I don't need a safe place with a coloring book like liberals do.
@LindseyGrahamSC is a transpolititian. He puts on a suit of conservative over his left wing liberal dress! He's antiAmerican!
No mandate healthy will not pay 4 insurance but if ill or injured receive emergency treatment talk about universal healthcare
Swamp Dweller, No wonder the Senate can't get anything done, you're always on TV or bashing our President. You're why we need term-limits!
Not watching. #FakeFox
Sorry, it's been proven time and time again, MSM fake news!
Your source?
Why? @FoxNews is Trump state tv!
Get to work!!!! Nobody is interested in your negative, contrary opinion.
I'm sure you'll go before Trump.  If you are not going to work with him, resign.
Why wait for the "beginning of the end of Trump's presidency"? Let's start that end NOW!
Senator Graham, you're my hero.Thanks for being a real man and standing up to the POTUS.TRUMP does not represent conservative views.
There's a difference between a rep/conservative and a trump supporter. I'm a Democrat, but could always respect a rep opinion.
Hopefully you will put your big boy pants on and stand up to trump.
You should resign traitor.
Just heard you on CNN. Thank God you sent the serious consequences to Trumps potential future actions to ruin our system of democracy.
Lindsay Graham, you need to resign, you are a traitor to your party.
Stop that...
@TGowdySC #TGowdyForSenate2020
I see you didn't have the fortitude that Sen. McCain did to oppose the Skinny.  No guarantee from House Speaker is worth anything, he lies.
PLEASE HELP US
Fake News
Sir, you seem to have an answer for everything, problem being your NOT the President, we the ppl did NOT elect you! Try doing YOUR job!
Please stop being an obstructionist.
Obstructionist! I LOVE that word! Trump uses it so I use it too! I don't know what it means though... SAD!
Rino speaks=change the channel.
You can educate the public on obstruction of justice and corruption. Go for it.
Hearing you critique @realDonaldTrump about how to drain the swamp is laughable. You're apart of the swamp.
Lindsey: Take some guidance from President Reagan and stop taking daily punk shots at our Republican POTUS. U are losing face and your base.
Your wrong to stop Trump.  Mueller has a conflict of interest & you know it. But then again ur a career politician & u act like a democratic
Will you be speaking on PBS News Hour or NPR as well?
the single family owned (Murdoch) propaganda news network
So, Jeff Sessions doesn't deserve to be treated badly but the President does. Kinda knew all along that's how you feel.
Lindsey Graham says skinny repeal is a "political cop-out" and a "disaster" and he'd only vote for it so it can go to conference. VOTE NO!
Senator, FYI - Roger Stone threatened you & unknown others w/ violence. He is crazy.  @FBI
You think we are going 
To stand for you removing
Trump you people are
Begging for a Civil war.
Just check the con man's illiterate texts so you will know what to say -selling your soul to the traitor in the White House.

Nothing you say can disguise the chaos and dysfunction of this administration
How did this go unnoticed? He ended up testifying w/o being under oath! Was that the deal they made? @Lawrence
Are you telling Americans the real reason you met with @jaredkushner? @maddow @Lawrence @JoyAnnReid
You and the health care repeal are also turning to government upside down!!  Please hold hearings and deliberate the best path!?!?
#StateNews
It's not Sunday - don't forget you stand behind this presidency and be sure to be all fake like usual. You're doing fine !
Less tv and more legislation. We have enough media whores
Cool! You and everyone you're speaking to currently has healthcare through their employer. I don't. Unuversal care now please.

More interactions between Trumpland and Kremlin-connected Russians. #ComingSoon
Thank you #FVEY #FBI #FINCEN
Sad you are such an obstructionist.. part of the problem not the solution.. hope you are replaced next election..
Never Trumpers.  Nice photo.
No thanks.  I'll wait until you are on real news.
need 2 stay off TV. U must think U N Hollywood.Not going 2 work 4 APpl maybe U should go!Like Being on TV so good
I'm by no means a Republican. However, Senator you've truly earned my admiration and respect
Instead of talking, how about doing something about getting the Fascist out of the WH. You know he's a dangerous national and global threat.
Keep speaking out please
I'm sorry.
Congratulations
And I change the channel just because you were on it! Traitor Backstabber! You had seven years to fix oh care & you haven't done it goodbye
Thanks for keeping us plugged in GrahamCracker! Will do.....
Did you get a 'Showcase 100?' Why not, we paid billions for it-report card.
Thanks for the warning Mr. Graham. I got to see a replay.
Watched hearing-never asked about $$ paid to B Clinton by Russian bank & donation to Clinton Foundation-witness said they always have motive
Any @SenateGOP @HouseGOP member who sides with @LindseyGrahamSC is declaring WAR against @GOP voters. Plain & simple.
The right winged network.  Why don't you try other networks Lindsey.  Stop talking to your own base talk to the rest of the country.

"So follow Trump’s lead if you will, and join the Putin fan club. But I will never understand how you can do it."

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/democracy-post/wp/2017/07/14/dear-red-state-friends-embracing-russia-is-not-an-act-of-patriotism/?utm_term=.d74124e1fe23 …
About warmongering against Russia ?
If you were half the person you think you are you would be on TV everyday demanding the investigation instead of running your mouth4 nothing
RINO. Should focus on doing his job not threatening POTUS. Heathcare, taxes, budget. Mueller is a liberal plant and should go.


There is going to be hell to pay when u are up for election. The Trump supporters are going to say "You are fired." Stop acting like a Dem.
Go speak to a Federal prosecutor and launch an investigation into Hillary's KNOWN CRIMES. STOP PROTECTING HER!! #LockHerUp

Won't watch a network that pushes a conspiracy theory-SR - when all GOP reps in Sen/House inv. committees &Prez IC agrees Russia interfered.
dont lie
Why are you not up there standing up for the president and demanding the investigations and to all the corruption
lets just all get in a circle say nothing happened and quit wasting taxpayers money. in which we had no trouble 4yrs doing to convict Hilary
Thank you for sticking to rules of law. Please meet with bipartisan group of governors who will be implementing healthcare. Please listen.
if the president wants to fire Jeff sessions he has every right we stand behind our president
it;s very pitiful to see how repubs are running in so many dif directions i was a Dem til DJT now i know i will never vote repub after him
funny now your saying the Russians tried to get dirt on trump now fox/45 will twist it around to blame Hillary for it, never ending bs.
POTUS is a good man, legally elected by we the people and he doesn't deserve to be treated badly by you. Do better.
So was Lindsey Graham idiot.
Thank you for providing checks & balances assuring stability of Sessions & Mueller. Americans have never felt more fearful of government.
Shouldn't he represent the best interests of his constituents first? He was elected to represent the people not POTUS. That's democracy.
@CBNNews Who checks n balances #Mueller #Unleashed #Russia #onlyTrump #unfair
You should switch to a News organization. Faux News is just a podium.
Do you even listen?? Compared to NBC or CNN they are purveyors of the truth.. you cannot trust ANY MSM anymore. Do your homework..
So Russians are playing both sides. Thank you for fighting this threatening danger. Big concern.
CrowdStrike lied in report about DNC hack.  Russia was not behind DNC hack!  CrowdStrike CTO is Ukrainian Russia hater.  FBI used report.
American people do not like CONFLICT OF INTEREST. Why not mention you don't either with regards to Mueller & Rosenstein. #maga
Lindsey Graham your Democrat
You're really saying this with a straight face? No sense of irony whatsoever? Ok, just checking
Why?

You are a better fit for CNN actually.
Thank you for doing what's right!
#checksandbalances  #integrity #ethics
Speak real slow
They get confused easily
Lies and changing sides confuses almost all Russian plants . How's your English coming along ? "But emails? But Benghazi! But HRC "??
Eye roll, GOP going on "State TV" is not news. You showed us what you are by voting to take health care away from millions.
Dizzy trying to follow you!!
My five year old son spoke with a salamander this morning.
Have fun spewing your disappointment without ever acting against the lunatic in office. You are contributing to this country's demise.
BUT LINDSEY,,,you're my Senator, how come you didn't mention GPS' ties to @HillaryClinton and the @ClintonFdn ????  cc @ShannonBream
Yes, thank you!! I will be contributing to WHO EVER runs against this corrupt, backstabbing hack.
you are not dealing with "conflicts" with Mueller, so you are failing your job. Why is this allowed to continue?
Agree. Don't see any Go Graham tshirts.
Because him and @SenJohnMcCain  sold the republican party out a long time ago. I love the thought of term limits.
Not a Russian Hack but a DNC leak! RIP Seth Rich
https://twitter.com/billkristol/status/890581541998387200 …
You're gone in 18'. Know this.
The 2nd place Faux news to @maddow
Don't look like a loser as always
That's all you do @LindseyGrahamSC is talk, but no action on @realDonaldTrump's attack on our nation!  @FoxNews = GOP Propaganda Channel
Instead of running off for self-promotion on Fox, perhaps you might have stayed in the hearing and listened to the remaining Q/A 
It doesn't matter , right ! NO ONE WILL BE A PATRIOT IF MONEY IS INVOLVED.
Why?

Ask them to retract the @foxandfriends report of leaking @Scaramucci'S financial disclosure.
of course you are. how about speaking to a mainstream news org sometime?
State run media. Fox, trumps mouth piece. Hires and promotes sexual predators, liars, bigots. Come on graham have some self respect
Stop spreading hate. None of your above statements are facts, actually they're completely wrong. Pick up a book, look at stats, do something
We hope you say the VERY SAME things to Fox that you have stated elsewhere.
Hopefully about how out of touch and over the top 45 is and what u r doing to correct this mockery in charge
Mueller record is impeccable! If Trump fires him that should be where all republicans draw the line. Too bad we don't have faith left in GOP

Mueller was good for the right wing all the way until he became special counsel! Like Comey! Now Sessions! See the pattern?
Mueller has far more conflicts than Sessions and you know it. Why aren't you speaking up?
@LindseyGrahamSC, Mueller should be disbarred over the level of conflicts he has in this case.
YOU, Lindsey Graham, should be defending @POTUS. Mueller was illegally appointed. The special counsel regs require a crime to appoint SC.
Now you are just lying Lindsey. Trump can fire Mueller.

"Trump may remove [Mueller] for any cause or for none" 
"It is within the president’s constitutional authority to fire [Mueller]"
TRUTH!
Yeah, because heaven forbid you actually speak to a reputable news org.
Don't care.
