"When it comes to Russia, I am dumbfounded, I am disappointed... he is hurting his presidency," @LindseyGrahamSC says on Trump. #MTP
You're not dumbfounded sir. You, the rest of the Republicans in the House & Senate + Trump know you owe his presidency to Putin.
Stop lying.
No he owes it to the Crooked bitch, The Muslim, Jonathan Goober, & Fake News
I can't take a person, who doesn't know that it would take a
constitutional convention to change the idiotic things he suggests, serious.
If you New what the hell u we're talking about then you would know that we have 24 states on board now & are headed for a convention of stat
Good luck with that.
Thanks to people like u we have control of every thing in government So thank you very much
You mean: Thanks to Russia.
No you mean thanks to Muslim Wanna be king you lost over 1,000 seats in government Sally u shouldn't bring a knife to a gun fight
Lindsey...you need to go.  You are no good to the Republican party.  Get rid of this clown and sore loser!
They've told him. He committed treason. He's Putin's minion, he can't go against Putin. Now does it make sense. GD TREASON Senator. ACT NOW!
no u r hurting it and the voters who have faithfully voted for you year after year you have shamed SC voters
The number of Americans we can safely categorize as uninformed, plus stupid, plus ignorant, does not care. They live day to day.
Linds, this is for you.
u didn't care when Obama did it to Israel's election. Where were u then? You has been!
This is collusion! It is time for the Republican party to get rid of this traitor!
So what part of Clapper's carefully crafted consensus of the intel agencies is definitively responding to the question?????
For reasons yet to be determined POTUS doesn't listen to them or take your advice on that either. Thankful when and where he does.
Please ensure Mueller's team has all the funding they need and NO impediments.  His team is the only hope we have to save this country.
He needs to retire
#1 is the intelligence leader; he knows more than all the Generals, the spy guys and congressional committees about everything.
You need to stop the witchhunt that is obstructing the progress and work YOU ALL NEED TO DO FOR AMERICA. THERE IS NO COLLUSION.WASTING TIME
With all due respect, the man will not listen.  He knows more, he has said it many times. More lies & deceit.
Don't worry yourselves, it'll NEVER happen. It was Psychological gamesmanship. #GoTrump!
Reading the post of the snowflakes, liberals, & never Trumpers which are RINOS tickles my ass & gives me my laugh for the day
They tried that...
Graham is choosing GOP over country, he should  just acknowledge that tRump is not qualified to be president
What, exactly, did the Russians do to meddle in the election? All we hear is speculation without proof.
He will not get same answer Clapper, Brennen, Comey, Rice no longer in charge
And of course graham and his buddy McCain talk tough but when it comes down to it they are enablers of the ILLEGITIMATE like all the rest
U preaching 2 choir. How about Lindsay Graham stand up in the Senate &  Congress and say all of this.  Or better yet... go on FoxFriends?
He's already met w IC numerous times. He knows his campaign met w Russian lawyers & diplomats. He knows they timed & circulated propaganda.
Graham resign today today
Graham does not know that. Where's the proof. Releasing info through the internet about Hillary is not hacking.
Irony is that Putin will bring down Trump's presidency.
 You're hilarious #MAGA
Ah, but he prefers to filter his intelligence through Steve Bannon and Alex Jones.  SAD!  @realDonaldTrump is a SAD, SAD man.
@POTUS understands real response versus whining about repeatedObama cyber failures.
Donald Trump is the worst danger facing the US. The house and senate need to act now to rid the US of him.
Bless your heart!
He has dementia, he CANNOT understand it.  Stop this madness @LindseyGrahamSC
Seriously? That is your solution? Have you heard the phrase Clear and Present Danger? That is what this Potus is!
Holy 
Definitely not fake news.
Somewhere in the ether Nikita Krushchev is chagrined. “And I spent all that money putting missiles in Cuba.”
DJT hurts the presidency in multiple ways. Graham and McCain oblivious to all but foreign policy.
- Weapons of Mass destruction ? Unmasking ? Email & server HRC investigation ? Intel not good record ?
Russia bought and paid for this President.  Congress needs to act . . . now!
@LindseyGrahamSC it's about time u, and the GOP, realize he's in on it. As are some members of your party.
Graham gets it. He knows this pres is in bed with Putin. Where's hawkishness now? What has this traitorous pres promised him? #VoteGrahamOut
Can't bite the hand that feed you @sengraham2016 .
if he did not listen or believe this the first 10 times i doubt any further conversation will help
Is Lindsey Graham really this dense? They don't need to tell Trump again. Trump knows it, he was in on it. All the pieces fit. Not puzzling
Sir ---what is wrong with you. He knows, we know ---also many others and US had done "meddling" ...damn horse  is dead!  Fix & move on.
A stupid Leader meet Intelligence?? 
Hand over the DNC then
If Lindsey Graham and his fellow GOP Congressional Members had a spine they would join in telling Trump of Putin's interference
2/2: So why pick a fight with Russia?  Time to move forward.
He is so far beyond listening
1/2: Lindsay you also said Trump won fair and square.  Proof the American Voter CAN weed through propaganda and vote their conscience.
Doesn't bother to mention the benefits of partnership
It goes beyond one presidency...if you can't see that because of your partisan tendencies you're in the wrong job..time to choose
Can tell him til cows come home but doesn't accept it. 45s colluded w RU of course denies it. Dangerous & undermines USA sec & freedom.
He doesn't listen to anyone! Not you, not the Intel Com! 
When will you see that? Are you complicit too?
@LindseyGrahamSC Sir I disagree with "Won fair & square" I disagree, gerrymandering voter suprresion, Comey Russian meddling #illegitimate
We all know they will because THEY are doing their job. Your job is to check and balance the E branch. STILL WAITING.
When is Graham going to stop just talking about Trump's incompetence & insanity & actually do something to protect the American people?!
EXACTLY!!
He is brainwashed
The few GOP leaders who possibly care about this country need to Wake Up!! Trump is dangerous & will NOT Change
That's the best he can do? If Obama had done half of what Trump has done their heads would explode! Liars/hypocrites
The only reason any USA Prez would ignore Russian election interference is if either 1) they were involved or 2) they want continued support
Either of these options is treasonous and an abdication of Presidential oath.
Disingenuous nonsense.
He knows it's true. HE DOESNT CARE! No one is stopping him. He'll keep going. Why doesn't anyone get that.
Our intelligence agencies have yet to provide any proof in Russia's interference with the election. And are we to believe them, LOL?
The DNC has not even turned over their servers to provide any evidence! Why haven't they been subpoenaed by the intelligence agencies?
Is it okay for John podesta in Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz to say we got this and refused to provide their servers?
HIE PRESIDENCY?? Wake up Graham. You & the GOP are turning over our country to Russia to ensure a conservative agenda. The GOP is spineless
.When will you HONESTLY AND FORTHRIGHTLY just admit that @realDonaldTrump has absolutely NO redeeming qualities? YOU are better than that
Obviously heand the entire GOP are not better. POWER over COUNTRY is their motto. Treasonous bastards
The @SenateGOP needs to address this. Country over party.
He has no problem understanding it. He knows full well. But he simply doesn't care. And worse: he approves of Putin's meddling.
Trump will do and listen to what he wants he doesn't give a rats ass about anyone but him. He comes first in his books.
What have you done to stop his madness?  You make statements that are good sound bites followed by no action.
Graham, McCain , Collins, the rest spineless.
After Obama politicized every Department? I'll stick with Trump
What does that even mean?  You are willing to stick with a traitor, deranged lecher. Telling. Put your  away.  Traitor
How does this liberal keep getting elected, sounds like a sore loser to me.
He and Putin got something going and it ain't good. For the American people.
He's been president for 6 months. Sure, another briefling will do the trick. 
Trump will never listen to reason. #25thAmendmentNow
Republican leadership seems to be playing a waiting game as if world time is frozen and we just need to wait it out here.
This is wrong and dangerous and an abdication of duty as an equal branch of government.
WOW, SHOCKED, Lindsey comes out swinging
