Which is why you will bringing a gun-control bill to the floor immediately?
Yes a silencer bill!!!
Oh damn you were being serious. I didn't know they had one planned.
To make silencers legal!!!
That's insane. That's what citizens need to protect themsleves, a quieter gun. But it doesn't surprise me.
The silencer bill is already in Congress.
We have to get these corrupt s o b s  out of congress
The Dems need to get their shit together. Going to the Right will not work.
Hallow words!!
The @NRA is in your pocket. You'll never grow a spine to stand up to them. EVER.
Keep taking that nra money
Pray AND act.  God calls us to no less.
Pray? If prayers worked, we'd have a perfect world. Pfft
That's not really the way prayers work, but sure. :) Just last week I told Lindsey to kiss my ass over his "health care" bill.
Thanks I needed a chuckle
Really confusing if everyone keeps "Thoughts And praying" Why does this keep happening?
We know why it keeps happening (angry/entitled white guys, too many guns). If you're interested in a theological take, I can supply.
Pret-ty much.
3. growing closer to God  & one another and seeking wisdom, not a grocery list of wants. I usually pray for wisdom, grace, etc to handle a
Right.So the question is not why Lindsey! The question is how did this happen. Man up and do something like.... gun control legislation!
we have friends and families for thoughts & clergy for prayers. youre a legislator. do your job.
@LindseyGrahamSC give back the $50k from @NRA. Ur prayers are for sale!

Do you use the same tweet every time and just change the city name? How about do something other than prayers?
Apparently You, Sir think this act of terrorism is the price for everyone's freedom. I hope you and yours never "pay" but Karma if you do!!
Thoughts and Prayers, My Ass!! You and the GOP are responsible! Do Something!! #stopkillingAmericans
But whatever you do, please don't talk about gun control.
@margbrennan But go ahead and allow silencers so Leo's can't tell why people are dropping all around them. Dumb move.
Gotta get that sweet, sweet NRA money huh?
Why don't you do something about it? Why do you care more about the NRA than about the death of 54 Americans? Do you have no heart?
how much $$$ have you taken from the NRA?
STOP with the thoughts and prayers. It has stopped the shootings but your votes to make gun regulations would. Enough. Citizens have had ENOUGH and it is time for GOP to stop taking money from NRA and regulated their uncontrolled business. YOU ARE ALL BULLSHIT TALK AND NO ACTION.
So you'll eagerly pass legislation limiting women's reproductive rights, but public safety issue of responsible gun control is too much?
So easy to kill with guns in . It’s really our 21st century contribution to the world.
Banning #bumpstocks is not enough & you KNOW it! You nor anyone else should have access to weapons of war. How many deaths will it take??
How about we let the clergy pray, and you can send them laws so this doesn't happen again. Do your job.
We have gun laws,the crooked politicians are destroying us from within.they are pissed at trump because doesn't fit in their country club.
#SendBackTheBloodMoney from the NRA
Our government is so crooked,both sides,if it weren't for trump we would never have found out just how bad.term limits.
Prayers are not enough.  Do something.  Take action.  Provide leadership.
stop taking money from the nra
Thanks to you and the NRA
Mr Lindsey, do you care about the future of our country? Do you have grandchildren? They will be killed by the laws DT wants to pass.
You're in a position to do something. Show us you'll take action. Then we'll believe your thoughts and prayers.
Shove your thoughts and prayers right where the sun doesn't shine
What would have happened if he had a silencer on his gun? Congress can not pass that bill. @BruceandPamela
With all due respect, Senator Graham, thoughts and prayers from members of Congress are NO LONGER ENOUGH.

Hard to absorb? This is a common occurrence in your country! DO SOMETHING!!
Don’t give condolences.... give helpful action and legislation. Stop assault rifles from being sold in this country!
If you represent us. Please listen to us. #AssaultWeaponsBan now
More lip service... How much do you get paid by the #NRA?
... Must be hard to absorb all the guilt you’re feeling.
You accepted $50,000 from the NRA to lobby against measures that would have likely prevented this.  Please spare us the disingenuous BS.
How about you stop defending ar 15s as home defense guns? That's fucking false. Shotgun with wide spray is the best defense
#sendbackthebloodmoney
Watch big man plan Soros game
How's that NRA money in your account?  Drawing decent interest?
Will you support the Automatic Gunfire Prevention Act so a massacre like this will never happen again?
Now maybe we can talk gun control and increased mental health treatment.
Americans have been sending congress letters for months now asking to put a end to  Media's lies about POTUS&His Admin&U refused!NOW 50 DEAD
Gun control A-hole
We have been neutralized by  Presidents, Congress, Gun Lobbyists. The murdering of innocent men, women, and children is acceptable to them.

Policy, not prayers. #GunControlNow
Criminals will always get guns,innocent people have a right to have guns to protect themselves.don't by the BS.
We could try to prevent the next one. We have a moral obligation to enact gun control measures.
#need #Business Card, fast delivery, unlimited Revision and professional design 
Order Now: https://goo.gl/pYupKf   

#BusinessCard #Design
how about some policy instead
Prayers don't work. Maybe if we vote you out, things might change. Get rid of the @NRA
#SendBackTheBloodMoney 
#GunControlNow 
#thoughtsandprayers do nothing
Yet once again you'll do nothing about it. Pathetic.
And YOU can do something about this. yes You Senator. Listen to the people. We don't want more #massshooting #LasVegasShooting
WOW...!!
How can you even function with all those "thoughts & prayers" after so many catastrophes lately...??
Why are you such a hypocrite??
You took money from the NRA...dust off your resume. You have colluded with a terrorist organization, you are FIRED!!
How many MORE dead if Las Vegas gunman had silencer per Proposed Silencer Bill? Sounds of shots Saved People in LV! Please Stop this Bill!
#GunControlNow
@POTUS expressed some admiration for the Las Vegas gunman.
"This was a sick person, but probably smart," Trump tells Huckabee of the Vegas killer, citing the cameras he set up to watch the response.
Thoughts and prayers are nice, but governance is better. Congress needs to reverse this. You can lead the charge.
Prayers don't do shit, pass laws you fool
Thoughts and prayers don't help when YOU HAVE THE POWER TO MKKE LAWS TO MAKE THINGS LIKE THIS MORE DIFFICULT TO HAPPEN! Start saving lives!
Vote NO on the silencer bill before you have even MORE BLOOD on your hands! You as a law maker need to do your job to try and save lives!
Stop sucking off the NRA & save American lives! It's your job to protect Americans not to kiss up to gun manufacturers & allow these events!
Many children were shot and killed last month as well. Stop letting the NRA buy you off. They are a terrorist lobbying organization.
You can check out the donations here from WAPO. Let's call them out. Accessories to a crime.
Your thoughts and prayers mean nothing when you take money from the @NRA itself.

And your reaction? An anti-women bill? Way to go, slick.
Oh shut up. It's not like you won't repeatedly vote down anything that would help prevent a person from shooting 500+ people in seconds
But predictable when the NRA owns Congress . . .
Pathetic&hypocritical @LindseyGrahamSC is directly responsible for these mass killings. He refuses to support any gun control @cnn @FoxNews
As a mother from Sandy Hook said, this is on Congress and their inability to address gun laws--thoughts and prayers are simply not enough.
I can't imagine seeing this repeat many times over. Now a bill 2 let silencers b sold 2 anybody. Not even requiring gun license. Horrid NRA$
Hopefully some of them will have healthcare which you want to repeal
Our voices will never be heard on this subject. our right to have and bear arms is more important than the carnage on innocents. Money.
How about you stop praying and start regulating the NRA. Do nothing Congress!
Can I suggest a thought? Think about gun reform.
yeah its a bit much to process. days like this I'm especially glad I'm not in a position to have to make a responsible statement on tragedy.
Figures.
1/ Any idea what the NRA is going to say on this one?  If the only way to stop a bad buy with a gun is a good guy with a gun...
2/ is a good guy with a gun, should the concert goers have come armed with rifles and returned fire? [end]
"A person looking to harm will always find a way. Thank God American's have the right to protect themselves. NRA's go-to nonsense response.
Yup. I just want to know how that would have worked in this situation.  30,000 people firing blindly into the night?
Despicable, every single one of you who take $ from the fucking @NRA.
You take blood money from the NRA and then feign compassion for the foreseeable violence that results from no gun control.  Shame on you.
Thank you Soros, Rothschild, Rockefeller. More money in Graham pockets. Do what best for criminals.
Fuck your "thoughts and prayers"
That = doing NOTHING
They will not fix/solve anything
I’m scared shitless of a country where automatic weapons aren’t controlled - our founding fathers would agree with common sense gun laws
Maybe some stricter gun laws are needed? Or do u get $ from the gun lobby too???
So keep taking money from NRA.
Since you're asking God to listen to you, maybe it's time for you to listen to what God is asking you to do. You know, instead of the NRA.
Thoughts and prayers???  Just stop it @LindseyGrahamSC.  How many more people have to die? You are just as heartless.
You & your party continue working to make it easier for this to happen by easing gun control in our country. Own it!
and prayers for the first responders and police that had to work that MCI scene, as a retired medic, some scenes never leave you,.
Sick of thoughts and prayers. Ban silencers ban assault weapons, add solid background checks, take action. Enough with prayer. Action. Now.
How many unnecessarily slaughtered people's families have you offered "thoughts and prayers" to? You make me sick.
If only there is something more than thoughts and prayers... gosh anything?
Stop praying and pass GOD DAMN GUN CONTROL LEGISLATION!
Throw your NRA and Koch money away and stand up for American lives.
#sensibleguncontrolnow
Freaking hypocrite.
save us your #thoughtsandprayers, #SendBackTheBloodMoney and get to work on #GunControlNow
As one of your constituents I respectfully demand action! #GunControlNow
will you do anything about other than pretend to care about the victims?
if your "healthcare" bill had passed, wounded victims of this tragedy would go bankrupt due to medical costs
your culpable... NRA and you have blood on your hands...
Heartbreaking tragedy but not enough for you to pass any sensible gun laws
Then for God's sake DO SOMETHING
Yet you absorb NRA money so easily...
#SendBackTheBloodMoney
So Lindsey, did you get your $50k worth of blood?
$1000 per body.  May he suffer for his profit.
Thoughts and prayers, but no action. We don't want your kind words anymore Senator, do something or shut up
Is it? It's hard to absorb? Bullshit! Get off you're NRA funded ass and protect the people. Do it! No more excuses. #guncontrol
If you actually gave a damn you'd get busy on serious gun control.  You and the rest of the @GOP get paid by the @NRA and people die.
Do something meaningful please
Hard to absorb that Republicans in Congress have nothing but thoughts and prayers when they have the tools of legislation in their grasp...

What is hard to absorb is your repeated failure to ban weapons of mass destruction- how many more massacres are you willing to put up with?
Yet you support high caliber weapons are a right... hypocrite
fight play a part in what happened in Vegas. Illegal immigration is a big problem, mass immigration is a big problem, open borders is a big
Senator in between thoughts and prayers how about doing SOMETHING?  How many more people have to@die before Congress acts?

1)Thoughts and prayers from folks who could act to prevent this sort of thing but will instead work to ensure it happens again
Screw you and your thoughts and prayers. Action, NOW!! #LasVegasShooting
Then vote to protect Americans from gun violence!  No sales of assault weapons. Background checks always, anywhere! Stand up to NRA!
What are you going to do about it?
You took $50K+ from @NRA to send #thoughtsandprayers but do NOTHING to stop gun violence. #SendBackTheBloodMoney
You don't get to say shit the blood is on your guy's hands
Do something about gun control!!!!!
Why aren't you busy taking NRA donations, undermining states' rights for gun control and rolling back whatever regulations we have left?
NOPE! ENOUGH WITH THE PRAYERS AND THOUGHTS, LINDSEY! It's time for u & Repubs to stop brokering these killings.  The blood is on YOUR hands.
Do something about it.
$50,000
#SendBackTheBloodMoney, Senator. Actions speak louder than words
Absorb this. You take money, lots of money from the NRA. You have no heart to be broken Senator. You are just #AnotherRepublicanHypocrite
If one more politician says "thoughts and prayers" I'm gonna scream
I don't get why Americans can get machine guns but not universal healthcare.
Cc @igorvolsky
Thoughts and Prayers aren't solving the problem. We need leadership on gun control
Please. No one wants 2nd amendment to be taken away. But why can't we have a national purchase registry to help law enforcement? We need it
Is it too early to push the silencer thing? You people are sick. WTAF. Imagine if Las Vegas shooter had silencers on his guns.
What kind of monster are you to tweet this while happily accepting money from the NRA? Can't wait to vote you out for REAL change!
So do something about it. Prayers are not enough.
Your words are empty We Americans are furious at you. You take  from a giant gun lobbyist. We're gunned down by the insane gun consumers.
James 2:14-17 Act don’t just pray
Save your thoughts and prayers
You are a douche! Do you really think that we the people don't know that you are glad some of us are dead and if you have your way the rest will be bankrupt because of medical debt? Hell will be too good for you!!
#SendBackTheBloodMoney that you took from the NRA!!!
Than do something about it. You can!! Stop with the thoughts and prayers and make some concrete changes to our lax gun laws. #enough
Thoughts and prayers!!!! What thoughts? Guilty ones? You and your buddies in Congress are impotent and we're sick of you doing nothing
Send your bullshit thoughts and prayers if you want. We're mobilizing to rid Congress of the likes of you that encourage the NRA. #Murder
Please change the gun laws
How dare you sully the memory of those lost with your inaction. #SendBackTheBloodMoney
You were paid $50,000+ to allow this to happen.
How about voting against that silencer bill and pass #commonsense gun legislation?!
Overwhelmed that @LindseyGrahamSC took $50K from the NRA.
your prayers are NOT enough.  DO SOMETHING!!! Be the change that helps end the massacres!
Return every penny of the NRA graft you have collected and legislate meaningful gun control. "Thoughts and prayers" is code for "do nothing"
We must implement strict guide lines and laws to those who want to purchase guns. It doesn't infringe on the 2nd amendment
It makes no sense.  There's more paper work when buying a car
Lindsey, legislation makes a bigger difference than thoughts & prayers.
How much money have you taken from the NRA? You are covered in the blood of the victims. Own it.
No on H.R. 38 -  Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act would force states to honor the concealed carry weapons permits of every other state.

He took 50K+ to not to take any action against NRA. Keep your thoughts & prayers with u. No moral values who has sold soul to NRA
Embarrassing to even use the phrase "thoughts and prayers" at this point. DO SOMETHING TO PREVENT THE NEXT SHOOTING
You should be brought up on 59 counts of accessory to murder.
Keep your meaningless thoughts and prayers. #guncontrol
You & your @GOP brethren have blood on your hands, again because @NRA owns you all! It's all about the @NRA $.FFS Stand up to them America!!
This is going to happen again, Senator. And again and again and again. You CAN make it harder for unstable people to get guns.
Please.
Exactly how overwhelming was it? Is your heart only now broken? Can you find somewhere in the shards the courage to DO something?
stop praying, start acting #BanAssaultWeapons
What are you going to do about it, sir?
Yet u want to cut 95% from bottom of society to enrich top 1%, hey CHIP just expired &while there, try passing #GunControl laws @JimmyFNmac
GUN CONTROL
Wow. GOP and Trump & Co. are the most hated in America right now.

.@LindseyGrahamSC took $50K+ from @NRA to send #thoughtsandprayers but do NOTHING to stop gun violence

Urge him to #SendBackTheBloodMoney https://twitter.com/LindseyGrahamSC/status/914861094048542721 …
Keep your empty thoughts and prayers. They are meaningless. Take action, make our country safer. Until then I don't want to hear from you.
How's that working for #US @LindseyGrahamSC? How many times have you and #GOP uttered these words? #EnoughIsEnough #gunsense
Your words are hollow. You take money from NRA, the slaughter of innocent people is on you.May you not have a moments peace.
Own it.

How much money do you get from the NRA liar?
Vote for gun control!!
GOP has some nerve with their "thoughts and prayers". Blood is on their hands. Shame.
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC.
Now is the time to tackle one of the biggest problems facing the nation #FakeNews #MSM war on Christmas!
DO SOMETHING!
.@LindseyGrahamSC  Or you could stop taking the @NRA's money to unconditionally support their every wish.
Gun Control Now!
Is this any harder to absorb than the 20 innocent babies murdered at Sandy Hook. Wake up-Your thoughts are prayers are not needed or wanted.
