Your words and actions don't measure up with American conservative values. Are you a Democratic in Republican clothing?
if lying for 7 years, running on repeal to win, voted for it in 2012 when it didn't matter is checks and balances, then ok, whatever
He does not want a balance of power . He wants to take power from our president .
Mueller best friends with Comey hiring all Clintons lawyers you keep on bashing our POTUS we live in SC everyone we talk to voting you out
Add that Prez can't pardon any relatives,employees and his campaign staff crimes
To all my SC brothers and sisters help me remove Lindsey Graham from office RINO.
You got it. SC will turn against Graham in the vote. I hear the talk everyday. His own party hates him.
Thank u for standing ur ground w/Trump against threats to Mr. Robert Mueller. I appreciate your putting country before party.
Why are you even commenting on this FAKE news? You are playing right into the media's plan....Resistance, Obstruction, and Chaos!
Lindsey Graham . RINO
Taking power from the executive branch like this would leave this country leaderless. REMOVE LINDSEY GRAHAM
Mueller needs to go. @POTUS is not the issue. They're trying to deflect attention off the Clinton crimes.
Looks like most of your positive reviews on here are from Democrats, must really pump you up!  You need to be repealed & replaced.
You're so full of crap graham! Wish you would have worked this hard to obstruct Obama! We will find your replacement and vote you out!
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC for your leadership
Swamp Dweller, the American people look at you as unbalanced. You are going to see hell-fire rain down on you if you try to undermine POTUS!
You want to have a check & balance w/ presidential power? You didn't do a damn thing while Obama was president, who really abused his power
@LindseyGrahamSC sir, I am a Democrat and I frequently disagree with you. But I salute your actions here. You are a true patriot. Thank you
Fool
Another fool
Why doesn't lindsey have a problem with Mueller hiring democrat donors and a buddy of comey?  Bet he won't answer that.

We thank you, Senator. It's good to know that not all politicians are consumed with party politics over the good of America!

@realDonaldTrump is seriously hurting your party. I don't like Republican values, but USA would sooner have those than this traitor!

So Mullers Clinton attorney stack team would be fair and balanced hmmm.
thank God someone is finally remembering that concept. The House is trying to help stop the investigation.
It's SO strange how quickly Trump followers turn on their own party if they stand up 2 him. Almost cult like.SOME GOPrs r protecting all US!
@TGowdySC #TGowdyForSenate2020
@LindseyGrahamSC and all of GOP is protecting their gravy train along with Dems.
Look I'm a independent and a vet and I totally agree with on you about this I don't agree on much but this % I do
Southterners have NEVER trust slick NewYawkahs, and too many folks down South allowed themselves to become distracted by Trump's glitter.SAD
Sir, The Holy hell, Sessions has shown himself to not give a damn about Clinton evil deeds!!! Go after HER! We waited n waited JUSTICE
She was cleared nearly a year ago, Trump wasn't. Try and keep up.
Trying using a cell in that brain! She n obama are part of deep state . If u call the shots with embedded, what do u fear? Nothing but truth
Still no evidence the "Deep State" is real. #TrumpRussia is.
Lol 
Since you obviously must have evidence that proves the "Deep State" & exonerates Trump, share it.
Seriously???
There is no balance Lindsey all of mueller' s investors are Clinton dems.
You usurped the Presidents power over foreign policy taken advantage of the Russia hype. You know you tied his hands. You care about pain of
Unborn babies, what about ppl of Russia? Going after pipelines, mines, shipping are acts of war. Punishment far exceeds the supposed crime
I'm so happy that you aren't my senator. You would never get my vote.
Ignorance at its finest! RINO and totally unAmerican!
I guess you've heard all about Trump's buddy:

https://twitter.com/RogerJStoneJr/status/890621599359000576 …
no, you just hate trump.
Please do not delay!
You need to just keep working with the Democrats Graham in fact just leave the republican party asap. Your not a REPUBLICAN your a liberal
Sen Graham if you are trying to defy or get rid of President Trump, insinuating you will go against President Trump....you will be voted out
It violates Separation of Powers for Congress to impose an appointment upon the Executive Branch.
You talk a big game but can you prove it?
@LindseyGrahamSC is exactly the type of RINO that must be replaced in the primaries! He might as well have a big D tattooed on his forehead.
You're one of the reasons why we voted for #Trump. Do us a favor and #Resign.
You realize there are NO checks on UNELECTED Mueller, right? He & his team of Hillary donors have been given no parameters & no oversight!
Stopped reading the replies. Thought America was the land of the brave and home of the free. Nope, it's filled with racist bigoted idiots!
I am glad at least a few Republicans understand that Trump is not serving or acting as a President should. I admire you and others.
As McCain's lapdog...Let me rephrase..What do lapdogs do when their masters retire? Hopefully, you guys are replaced with real conservatives
Will Congress reconvene if Trump fires Sessions while Congress is at home for break? #TrumpSessionsMueller
You are shameful & I sincerely hope SC voters remove you from office. This Russia issue is a witch hunt!
I guess you never heard of the Constitution which gives the @POTUS an unimpeded right to fire whomever he wants. Try to block him Beech!
Vote graham out of his seat!
Warning keeping this mueller/russia none-sense is going to lead to a civil war.
Do something NOW before god forbid there's a REAL crisis. Take away the car keys
you will basically have a civil war if you try to use Mueller to get rid of Trump.
Your actions on this matter shows your true colors!!
American Patriots will campaign against your re-election, this will NOT be forgotten!
Back in your liberal bubble little girl
I vigorously support my country and I am prepared to defend it, unlike u & ur flag burning friends
Please stay focused, thank you!  https://www.c-span.org/video/?431852-1/william-browder-overturning-magnitsky-act-putins-top-priority …
Your like a fish ready to die, flip, flop, flip, flop! Graham is done and he knows what's coming down! Running scared!
#Mueller IS as SHINY STAR as #Comey who sat HISTORIC #FBI_Leader Corruption record! R U blackmailed by #FBI, or part of #ShadowGovt? @ACLJ
Why don't you decide what team you want to be on. You are making a lousy republican
Gram you need to step back into your place and stop trying to micromanage this country we elected Trump not you
But firing Comey and Bharara to cover his crimes was OKAY? Order a full investigation of Trumps financials,the evidence  warrants it!!!
I trust President Trump.  He may know information that you & others don't know about. Sessions NEEDS To Go asap.  American people r watching
Stand up for this country. Stop trump from shredding everything America stands for.
Mueller should have never been appointed. Filling his team with Hillary supporters and friends with Comey. Biased.
Thank you, Senator! It's refreshing to see a politician do what is right instead of what his/her party wants.
Thank you Senator Graham. America needs checks and balances for any admin, but especially this one. Trump is compromised and unhinged.
FACT: #Mueller MUST B OUT! UNACCEPTABLE Conflict! 98% of His Law Firm Donations2 @DNC, His team (7) lawyers #DemsDonors $10’s of thousands!
Thank you Senator Graham!!!! This Administration definitely needs checks and balances!
This has nothing to do with checks and balances. You are either extremely ignorant about government or a power hungry liar.
Thank you Senator Graham!
Check yourself, the people run this country not elites like you & McCain
Senator Graham, with all due respect the witch hunt the #GOP #DNC and media put AG Sessions through in front of the world is on all of you.
Great Bill!  Hammer down!!!
Support independent commission
Why do the ppl of SC keep voting you in?  Must not be very Smart!  Yikes
Oh, & Graham, many voters disagree 100% w/the entire SC BS & the waste of OUR $$ and elected reps time chasing the BS. LG-Traitor to party.
If you, Senator, do not see the many conflicts and appearance of conflicts, then you are either lying or #deepstate #swamp Either one--SMH
This is why u r not n the White House bc u r sorry u n your  bf john McCain .Do your job n stop worrying about who POTUS might fire or not
If GOP continues on this track and Graham pushes this outrageous move after all the illegal Dem/BO admin activity, say BYE next primary LC.
OH LYNDSEY ,YOU P___Y !
Sessions did what?. about prosecuting Rice Lynch Waltz 
Comey .
We are still waiting !.
Is he afraid
Thank you!  If all Democrats were like me and all Republican were like you, we would not be having such problems.
We don't care about GOP USELESS SENATORS 
You should be investigated .
Lindsey, stop being an obstruction.
We, the people elected Trump.
We support him.
You are being a hypocrite.
We are tired of the corruption!!
We the people want our President to be free to do his job.
Sessions is part of corrupt .
Turning his back
Thank you for doing the right thing - no one branch should have too much power.
Thank you, Senator Graham.
Thank you SENATOR GRAHAM AS A VETERAN I SALUTE YOU
#RESIGN #RINO #VERYFAKEREPUBLICAN #RECALLLINDSEY #MAGA elected POTUS not you ghouls.
You know Mueller and his team is one massive conflict. Keep your word and do something about it.
Number 1 lesson Reps can learn from Dems, STICK TOGETHER to advance the agenda!! SUPPORT THE PRESIDENT!! STOP finding ways to undermine!!
Keep up your spewing Senator and remove Trump if he fires Sessions or Mueller and watch millions of us rise armed to remove you estbm vermin
You better watch yourself Graham, threatening the President is bad for your health.
Stop acting like a RINO and back president Trump!
Someone needs to put this little girly man in his place! Sick of seeing him on Fox also
That's a crock of crap your deep state which means you're a traitor we will vote you out Mark our words
I CAN'T wait for the day Lindsey Graham is VOTED out of office! YOUR ROTTEN person and should have no voice in government! Vote him out!
Graham we the trump supporters put him in office, not U- shall you work against trump, we, trump supporters will vote U out of office!
Maybe if you all worked as hard at repealing Obamacare as attacking the president Congress wouldn't be as despised as you are now #doyourjob
Thank you, good to see a sanity check on this runaway train
Lindsey Graham is a puss filled boil on the ass of the Republican Party.  He lost the primary, and his panties will forever be in a bunch.
I was going to write something else, but Lindsey is a never end Fauset of sh't. What about the warren commission bud
Graham is such a putz hope he enjoys his last term. We sure will.
You are the exact reason term limits need to be in place. You're so entrenched you cannot make up your mind if your Republican or Democrat.
Lindsey listen to Rush today.  No crime Special Counsel should never have been appointed! Mueller loaded with Clinton/Obama no limit
The moment someone cites Rush Limbaugh, Julian Assange, or Alex Jones, they lose all credibility. Period.
What craziness.  If only you'd had 1/10 backbone when Obama was in office!
Well done Senator. Please try to convince your colleagues to remember their oath of office
You're a joke. Nobody is afraid of your silly threats.

Lindsey is a RINO paid hack!
Do it! Protect the integrity of the process!
Senator Graham should do his job and start a impeachment campaign against #Trump. If not, RESIGN!!!
With trump as president. Don't want to travel to other countries with him as president. Stand up for all Americans. Dems, republicans, all
Thank you for standing up for democracy. I am an independent voter. Anyone other than trump would have been better.  Not proud to be in USA
There is no way you are going to be re-elected next yr start acting like a republican
South Carolina needs to dump you for a REAL republican. Fast. #DrainTheSwamp
Unconvincing.
You are falling into Trump's credibility gap, Senator.
Please get 45 OUT of office!!!!!!!!!!!
Lindsey Graham you are a total joke you don't give a s*** about the balance of power you never wanted Trump in your  a never Trump guy
You're the reason; I believe there should be law that forbids childless men from serving in the Senate.
I am proud of you for the stance you r vocalizing. I hope & pray u will act for America's safety & not just pay lip service to it.
You are obsessed with putting your opinions on camera. Just shut up! and do your job, pass health care reform!
Good on you @LindseyGrahamSC. This has to be a bipartisan issue. We need the truth, wherever it may lead us.
Fire Mueller!
Mueller, Comey and McCabe corrupt @GeorgWebb
What about shipping black arms to Syria and Awan Bros spy ring in congress. Full info @GeorgWebb  #AwanBrothers
202-224-5972 call his office and let him know your thoughts
If Trumps fires Mueller Congress should immediately vote 4 Impeachment. Get that Psyco out of WH. He is unfit & cannot even manage his team
Your a democratic- come out of the closet already.
I feel like quoting someone who is quoting you is a Circular Reference.
Leave the party!
BE THAT WARRIOR LINDSEY WHO STANDS UP AND FIGHTS FOR RUGHTIOUSNESS AND HATE WHAT THE DEEP STATE US TRYING TO DO TO AMERICA AN OUR PRESIDENT
Vote Graham out
Which court?  The one stacked with right wing bloggers?
LINDSEY..MY GRANDDAUGHTER IS NAME LINDZEY AND YOU AND ALL CINGRESS ARE TO BE GODS TOOLS FOR HER AND OUR PRES.AND AMERICA.DONT DISOBEY GOD!
Debbie Wasserman Schultz better rethink this friendship. May be too late. (IT guy caught in TX)
Keeping this in the news, speaking against Trump, speaking for process matters. This is not being swept under the rug. Restricts power.
This is the real story of the day, despite Trump's distractions!  https://www.c-span.org/video/?431852-1/william-browder-overturning-magnitsky-act-putins-top-priority …
Has he fired him? Oh man, this guy is a megalomaniac!
Sounds like a likely story...?
How can he say he wants to help POTUS with a straight face.
Lyndsey is just another duck weed eating swamp creature.
