Oh please stop talking or join #Democrat #Democrparty.
The biggest threat is our "president." Do something. You have the power. You can be a hero. Think history-books worthy. Go on. Do it.
You are the most sensible man in senate
Excellent interview. Appreciate your words of wisdom.
It's up Republican senators to keep this from escalating. Trump is a loose cannon and should be no where near the button.
Lindsey, girl, less talking more action please.
And the threat posedby @realDonaldTrump I hope.
Got a plan for health care yet? I know it's only been 7 years.....
Graham trying to clean up @POTUS mess. It makes @LindseyGrahamSC threat to our Country too.
Tell Trump to get the *uck off Twitter!  That's our biggest threat.
Get your face time on you Clinton stations and get re-elected you big baby
Are you on the presidents side?
@LindseyGrahamSC you seem to think you're an expert on EVERYTHING! But you're NOT! Shut up about #NorthKorea and go work on #Healthcare!!!!
Where will our kids live when you madmen get the USA nuked?
"The threat" is Trump and the corrupt GOP. Please, all of you, strap yourselves to the nuke you launch.
Our State Dept is empty.  POTUS speaks without any understanding of the complexity of the issues.  Officials contradict each other daily.
...and the threat posed by our mentally unstable "president"?  How about that?  You are complicit.  You are complicit.
You mean the threat posted by POTUS and by the enabling, complicit GOP, yes?
The biggest threat is in WH ->Trump & Bannon willing to risk lives to distract, & or impress w/o counsel !! They are past thier 3 strikes 
#25thAmendmentNow !!!! The GOP need to CALL THIS BS
Sen. Graham--You have the respect of this Democrat.Thanks for consistently being one of the few Repubs to show backbone and bipartisanship.
This certainly applies to Senator McCain, as well.
Also known as, "Lindsey tries to drum up war again".
He has never met a war he hasn't loved.  :(
That's the truth of it
Go figure Lindsey, another camera to get in front of your not president stop acting like you are. Being played by media cause hate for Trump
#Russiagate
Sen McCain showed how much he hates Trump by condeming his words towards N Korea.  McCain sounds a lot like an elite democrat every day.
THREAT BY OUR OUT OF CONTROL, INEPT PRESIDENT!!!!!
You know Lindsey, I thought you cared about USA, but evidently you don't. What sane person talks like trump did yesterday?
Only CBS is desperate to have u on and say nothing
How about the THREAT POSED BY A DESPERATE PRESIDENT? I'm referring to Trump of course!
Which @LindseyGrahamSC will show up? #wishywashy #notsurewhatyoustandfor

And equal threat from Donald Trump. Two unstable, bellicose men who have no thoughts of anyone but themselves.
We need a grown-up president that has the ability to work together with our allies.  Trump's vocabulary reflects a very undeveloped mind.
How about the threat posed by Trump?
the threat is trump's mouth and fear speak.  shut him up.  russia russia russia.
@LindseyGrahamSC does nothing but grandstand
Can you also discuss the threat posed by our President??
Threat posed by North Korea??? Did you hear the words that came out of POTUS' pie hole? Those are the words that have the world's attention.
also, pls don't talk about trump, it makes you look unsexy. and he's mental as hell
Isn't that sweet Lindsey. When are you going to speak with your constituents? There are photo ops in town halls.
It better be good. It's time for action.
Please include the threat of our very own 45.
alarmed by your comments supporting trump's war talk. Stronger sanctions is the only credible and responsible action at this time.


Look back into your history the answer is there.  We had nukes in the Korean War, they did not.  As usual, no one really wins at war.
Don't forget about the threat posed by our president!
Let's try and count the times you will be saying how you're against Trump's decision to fire back from point of strength
I hope you'll acknowledge that the threat is also from @realDonaldTrump, that his inflaming of the situation is beyond reckless.
We all get that Trump has been itching to find a reason for a war as a means to boost his sagging poll numbers, right?
And the loose lipped GOP POTUS??? Country over party please.
See you are sucking up more camera time. We aren't interested in your "look at me" interviews.  We love our president.
Don't forget to tell us what you will do about tge threat caused by Trump!
Any option that involves loss of life is the wrong option
@LindseyGrahamSC  A mentally unstable adolescent in the WH playing chicken with a mentally unstable adolescent in NO. Both have nukes
Our hope is that POTUS would ask Congress to go to war with Korea.  No one won the other Korean War; we had nukes then, they did not.
What a joke of an interview! You lost my vote next election.
Please do everything you can Senator Graham, everyone's scared of bad decision making from the top.
I am not sure how the order of battle would go with another war in Korea.  My gut feeling is we would be hard pressed to win a groud war.
#NorthKorea #WagTheDog #Trump #TrumpRussia #RussiaInvestigation
Thank You for great info-great interview.
Get your job done in the Senate instead of trash talking 45
-and what about the other threat to our country, @POTUS?
We don't care what you have to say. You will trash 45 no matter what he does/says #MAGA
Standing up to a true threat such as this matters, thank you.
Your speech didn't hit the top 10 lol 
Lindsey what BS you were saying this morning. Where is the great negotiator? Who cares about the regional lives. Big Mistake China does.
What about these honor killings. Is this going to be the new norm in America? https://twitter.com/PamelaGeller/status/894993408862728192 …
You know we have been at war a long time.  We have squandered wealth and more importantly the blood of our young and old.  Time to stop war.
The nation will be reassured that man-of-action @LindseyGrahamSC is "concerned"
We must come together as Americans....
Senator, isn't it time to do something about Trump? He isn't fit to lead this great nation. Your party needs to remove him asap.
Stop @POTUS from first strike capability
Take away the Nuclear Football
Better yet #25thAmendmentNow & get that delusional SOB out of the WH
What's the emotion du jour? Troubled or concerned?
You mean the threat posed by Donald trump.
Please remember that the real threat is the recklessness and ineptitude of #Dolt45!
FIRE & FURY
Trump defenders rationalize every lunacy and you proved your another one.
Don't forget your pearls!
Also talk about privatizing the war in the middle east - paying Betsy DeVos' brother to run it?
Are you going to tell America how you are going to keep us safe from the mental patient in NJ?
Plz intervene w/ @realDonaldTrump. Yr speech @AspenInstitute on @NPR gave me hope.
Don't go against our POTUS!! Your cushy job is at stake!! NK must come to the table and quickly!! Kim has heard of Lybia
You should be talking about the threat posed by our erratic leader. The threat to the American people that is.
Don't you mean the threat posed by trump?
Try not to backstab our President. 
You prefer a president to back stab us?
The bigger threat is our president.  
#25thAmendmentNow
This is tRump's ignorant rhetoric & 'war of words' that will end in war with DNK. We, the people, WILL NOT support another Korean war.
Seems to me the bigger threat to Americans is in the White House...
How about less talk and more action in the Senate to rein in an out-of-control POTUS?
