Trump is the most unpresidential president in my lifetime. His supporters might love that. Most citizens do not.
His tweets?? Not his kleptocracy, ignorance, malevolence toward weak, vulnerable & Constitution, that he cheered when Putin hacked DNC?
As you wake up this Sunday morning remember the wise words of Ted Cruz, "Trump is a pathological liar"
And the clown @tedcruz licks @realDonaldTrump boots! 
. @marcorubio correct. A con artist w a history of sticking it to working Americans is occupying the White House.
Rubio another wimp licking @realDonaldTrump 's boots!
Why are RINOS so terrified of President Trump tweeting? We the American people love it. Finally a President who tells the truth.
Your a hypocrite Graham. You stop tweeting Don't make excuses for the media there liars and deceivers of the American people.
No, we want a government for the people, not just for the rich
Comey Mueller friendship is a conflict of interest., The fact that Mueller hired Clinton foundation lawyers is a red flag. #FireMueller
Mr Trump are you listening use twitter very berry carefully.
Kellyanne Conway calling Trump a liar because he is ... Trump is a dangerous liar.
Disgusting hypocrite. She's ruined her reputation. Money can't buy it back.
The American people depend on the president's tweets so we really know what's going on. We want it. We like it. Leave him alone!
Hmm funny how you refer to lynch mob. Is that kind of ingrained in you?
Looks like Graham is looking forward to the next presidential election.
It's more than his tweets. It's his blatant disregard for the truth, his extreme narcissism, & his lack of interest in learning. Anything.
Hardly a lynch mob. People want the truth. We are getting horse hockey from GOP and president. Be ashamed of this. Be a better man.
and to uphold the Constitution; why has he not demanded to get to the bottom of the Russian meddling matter?
It's unconscionable!! Maine 
Hallmarks: https://conflict-backchannels.com/coins-and-other-terms/anthropolitical-psychology/malignant-narcissism/ … & https://conflict-backchannels.com/coins-and-other-terms/anthropolitical-psychology/paranoid-delusional-narcissistic-reflection-of-motivation/ … Press: no spin necessary:
Lindsay starting acting like a conservative or get the hell out of the way so someone who wants the job can have it!  You and McCain sucknow
Sadly, if Trump stops "talking about the investigation", his boys will keep talking-i.e. Donald Jr.'s statement on Judge Janine this Week
@LindseyGrahamSC by your comment, your trying to discredit the FBI Comey. It's a sad day you just lost all respect. Resign already.
@LindseyGrahamSC You need to knock ot off, RINO. Last time I checked Trump was POTUS and not you.
There isn't! Stop defending the clown, @realDonaldTrump !!
PS SC isn't concerned about immigration-REPAIR ACA! 
Thank you for speaking up @ the President. #LookingourforAmericans
Seriously? This is not new and goes back to #Watergate when the #press learned to challenge an administration engaging in illicit activities
The 1st Amendment is 1st 4 a reason-we the People have the right 2 NO who the snakes are-we have the right to remove them-including you!
Why has POTUS who swore to protect US from ALL enemies, foreign & domestic,...............
Graham still can't believe POTUS is better at this than him.
#Trump def has OCD. He WILL continue to tweet. Nothing significant will get done until #45's gone cuz he's obsessed.
"There's a lynch mob mentality about the Trump administration in the press... but [POTUS's] tweets feed it." Graham sends message to Trump
McCain mouth needs shutting down, too. Destructive old man who can't hide his Demo patronage. Will destroy GOP. Shut him up.
It's called accountability, @sengraham2016 .
Lindsey graham u need to stop talking negatively about our president! We the people like his tweets! Just shut up please!
@LindseyGrahamSC He feeds the fire and it won't go out. So - let him keep tweeting and talking - he is his own worse enemy.
That's cuz there's a Mob mentality in the White House.
Hey Beauregard; quit defending the indefensible. Condemn this POTUS and make your own way to the White House. Or to standup.
@JenniferJJacobs the ones who voted for Trump who incited this hate with his speeches during the campaign! Lily white values
You ran for president and LOST.  Maybe Trump is smarter than you. Trump is by far the best thing to happen USA.  Help Trump MAGA.  Shut up!!
Graham is jealous because Trump has cojones+ and Graham has a v-gina.
A duck goes,"Quack quack quack." A party first republican imitating a duck goes...
The MSM SADLY STILL SUCKLING ON THEIR Queen of Corruption Hillary's TEATS for bribes and lies .. Self Induced Suicide by BIAS
Yes when you have a mental case running the country it tends to create lynch mob mentalities!
Seriously senator are you going to fall on that sword. There is a pattern of corrupt behavior with trump and his administration.
Funny, I think @realDonaldTrump has a "Lynch Mob" mentality. Think about that Gentleman from South Carolina & I yield the point back to you
Lindsey, you are such a flake. Do you realize how annoying you are.. You go after the POTUS every chance you can. You lost the election. Bye
Stop getting rolled by hateful media and democrats. U r the majority for God's sake. Act like it! Shady shuma and pelosi are bottom feeders
if repubes would stand in support of Trumps voters&agenda he wouldn't be only 1 trying 2 fight. Repubs need2 find balls & put back in sac
Yes- lying, name calling, bullying and defamation of innocent, honest, respectable people by a bullying President are feeding it!
Read back what you said & think of everything Trump, his campaign, his administration & Cabinet have done & tell me how silly you really are
Trumps tweets don't help but it can't B any of that Russia stuff, Flynn stuff, oh & the Manafort stuff? No, you think it's the media's fault
No wait, maybe it's Jared Kushner ALSO FAILING TO DISCLOSE HIS CONTACT WITH THE RUSSIAN AMBASSADOR or the RUSSIAN BANKER/AGENT FROM VEB BANK
Or maybe it's AG Sessions LYING UNDER OATH about his Russian contacts on top of his FAILURE TO DISCLOSE THOSE RUSSIAN CONTACTS? Maybe???
His tweets feed it? You sure it's not knowing abt Flynn & making him NSA Director anyway? How about AG Sessions undisclosed Russian contacts
That's the weakest I've heard yet but right on cue with Trump! Blaming the press 4 this Administration is PATHETIC & WEAK! Blame Democracy!!
Leave his tweets alone. At least he tells the truth which most of you don't at all. You need to unite instead of divide, we are sick of it.
@LindseyGrahamSC there's a Lynch Mob in the government after Trump all politicians should be required to retire at 65
RINOs help resistance
Trump has been a criminal his whole life. You've fallen for his bullsh**.
Sad you are putting party before country. I guess Rs dont care about right v wrong. If u defend corruption, then u r corrupt.
Shorter @LindseyGrahamSC If Trump would shut up, It would be easier for @GOP to help him get away with it.
But remember Fox-media remains the faithful propaganda arm of the White House, so that makes media "fair and balanced"!
Of course he feeds it. That way he can complain to all his followers that everyone's picking on poor li'l him.
He's giving birds a bad reputation too.
Graham if you want to send message tell the president directly! Stop showboating!
Trump clearly didn't get the message
@LindseyGrahamSC he's totally normal
@LindseyGrahamSC he calls Mexicans murders and rapists but to his credit he did assume "some" where decent people.
@LindseyGrahamSC the president calls reporter/press enemies of the country. Republican candidates attack reporters.
They hang on every word for a reason.If he would not tweet about the investigation at all that would help him #Bigly.
With critics like you, Mr. Graham who needs the dims. Please stand WITH your president and show some back bone & not back stab him.
AND Lindsey Graham is pushing this witch hunt and feeding the MSM  Graham is no friend of conservative base.
At least you're seeing that DJT has  provoked that mentality. It seems that the Trump base has no respect for anything. SAD.
@LindseyGrahamSC you need to be aware that YOU feed it. You love to get on television and say all this crap. What's WRONG with you? @nypost
You're delusional if you think the press is unfair re:Trump. You keep talking about the Clintons. Get over it and start cleaning your house.
I guess you are ascertaining where this is going and you're trying to entangle.  History won't forget you, sir - you go where the wind blows
Who does Graham think he is fooling!?
I'm late, I'm late
for a very important date
James Comey’s here & everywhere
Negotiate, I’m Biggly late…
#TweetingLikeScaredRabbit
This POTUS is an embarrassment to our country.
dt long history of being conniving, has produced this HISTORY FORWARD.
If our politicans are our representatives to the world, the world must think, actually they already do, think that we are a bunch of idiots!
Lynch mob? Witch hunt? Wonder why.  In addition to all the lies ugly choice of words is an affront to civil discourse and unity.
Graham ignores the evidence right in front of him. What happened to his oath of office??? This is willful dereliction!
Lol.. they may feed it a tinge but we all know MSM/Dems are on a mission to take down a sitting POTUS. Facts are what they are.
Trump STATED he obstructed justice all but explicitly - admitting he fired Comey to end the Russian interference investigation.
POTUS's public admissions feed it - saying he fired Comey to make "the Russia thing" (investigation) go away is admitting to obstruction.
Lindsey, @realDonaldTrump is the first #DogAteMyHomework pres we've ever had. At times like this all #GreatAmericans should be upset #RESIST
Press r attacked by this baby daily,he created this situation.IMO press r mystified on a daily basis by this admin BEST WORDS #unbelievable
If a guy yells "I killed your family & enjoyed it", it's easy to see a mob yelling for blood. Still, press wants investigation not lynching
So You believe Trump who is Chief of Lies over Comey. What Comey did to Hillary is beyond understanding, but not lie.
Trump's enablers are the lynch mob. And @POTUS is the grand wizard of the clan. Americans are being killed by racists and bigots. #realnews
@LindseyGrahamSC you feed it Lindsey with your big trap! Never hear Dems bash each other on tv! You are an embarrassment!
u forgot an important fact...lynch mob mentality that will make up lies from unnamed sources with zero effort to confirm...#FakeNews
"Lynch mob"?!?  Ugh every time I comment in Fox News their people come at me with torches and pitchforks! Get on the correct side Graham. 
How can Trump be a liar when he is doing what he promised the American people? I never seen any other admin do that.Never ever.
TRUMPS LIKE A KID HAVING A FIT THROWING BALLS BACK AND FORTH, INSTEAD HE SHOULD BE TAKING CARE OF MORE IMPORTANT THINGS.
Trumps tweets are distressung. He shows so much ignorance in them! He doesnt think before he speaks!
@LindseyGrahamSC just do your job and get rid of trump.
NOT "lynch mob." The press is simply doing their job aggressively.
@SpeakerRyan @LindseyGrahamSC They are just doing their jobs You should do yours by standing up 2 this lying @POTUS & crooked administration
It's called fighting back. Not sure if you know what that means
#realDonaldTrump  
Oh BS GRAHAM.UR THE BIGGEST CHAMELEON IN CONGRESS.UR IN THE same group with CRUZ,RUBIO,ROMNEY&MCCAIN.DJT DID A NO. ON U.CELL PHONE NO. ?
Agreed. It's time for Trump to realize this is NOT about him. It's about the country. And it's deadly serious.
Maybe a better choice of words, other than "lynch mob" coming from a SC Senator (with that accent) could have been chosen?
Is Graham the most gullible Senator in the Senate today?
Comey's Firing Made America Greater. Corruption Is Being Rooted Out.

#MAGA #Trump #tcot #copolitics #nra
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'
Picking a fight with our intelligence community was one of Trumps more idiotic choices.
Like Trump, I Like A Good Fight.

Who Runs The Country? The President Or Some PO'ed Liberal Spooks?

Screw That.
Comey is telling the truth.  Romney:  Trump is a phony & a fraud, promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump U
@MartiCannon @FaceTheNation   Took him awhile to figure this one out. Kinda thick
In the PRESS?

Don't you mean in
#WeThePeople!?!?
#BeatlesBrunch is
HUMAN Media

#TrumpLeaks Docs: Sen Lindsey Graham's super PAC took $800,000 from a pro-Putin Ukrainian businessman in 2015

…
Comey knew what Trump meant.  From Trump in 1992: “I would have wiped the floor with the guys that weren’t loyal”
He loves the word "loyal", he's been asking loyalty of others for years.  So obvious he said this to Comey.  It's his signature move.
Graham hit the nail on the head. Well said.
