POLITICO-Harvard poll: Obamacare repeal still tops GOP voters' to-do lists http://politi.co/2jwugFY  
Try a poll of ALL Americans. You didn't hear and feel this at your #TownHall meetings. In August you hid from most of us in SC. #voteout
Americans voted in the Republican party. We need to end Obamacare and bring back the free market.
You... do remember what insurance was like before the ACA, right? The free market proved it doesn't bring costs down, just makes CEOs richer
Free markets always are better than big government tyranny.
Please, provide some examples. I'd love to better educate myself.
In the end, freedom is good. Totalitarian socialism and communism is not. Look at America versus Venezuela. Cuba. Former USSR. Etc.
Those aren't examples. And having single payer isn't communism, it's streamlining a system so it's more cost efficient for everyone. Here...
It's hard to explain this is 140 characters but I'm a dual UK/US  citizen, I've studied the healthcare market and I work in medical  billing
Also, you're super good at picking and choosing what you believe based on how it makes you look. Can't wait til we're rid of you.
You're a joke, Linds. I've never ONCE had a reply from your offices, you obviously heard nothing from your constituents that aren't wealthy.
Graham is a self loathing gay still looking for approval from GOP
Yes, because you explicitly refuse to do open town halls and only meet with people you think agree with you politically.
No Repeal!!!!  You are wrong if you think the majority of citizens in this country want ACA repealed.
I'm curious. Do you have Obamacare? I had it for a short time and it was HORRIBLE! Not worth having at all! Better off with none!
You're right so people with pre existing conditions can gey fucked for all you care correct? You are lower than scum
How many of you who DON'T want it repealed personally have Obamacare coverage?
Lindsey, you're an attention hog. GIVE IT UP BECAUSE YOU'LL NEVER BE PRESIDENT WHEN YOU CAN'T EVEN WIN YOUR OWN STATE SWEETIE.
If you wanted to know what your constituents think then you'd contact us all regularly like Joe Wilson does.
Lindsey needs to take lessons from Joe Wilson who stood up to Obama, wanted THEIR same healthcare for citizens, & contacts constituents
Sc exchanges do not exist, & youre gov did not expand Medicaid with federal $ that was available!
What your constituents want is decent health care for all - that means fixing & accepting ACA not dismantling it!

Hey @LindseyGrahamSC How could you listen to my concerns for my child's life & then propose a #healthcarebill that could kill her? 
If you heard that here in SC, then you should have heard even louder voices against it. But you're deaf to the will of the people.
Repeal Healthcare. What a dumb ass message..
I do not believe U. Obamacare saved lives. U AND GOP have deliberately chosen to destroy Obamacare bc you do NOT WANT care for poor people.
THE MAJORITY OF AMERICANS FROM ALL OVER THE U.S. WANT THE ACA TO STAY BUT BE FIXED!!!!! STOP THE POLITICAL BS!!!!!!
Not at any event I attended. You are just trying to get your name in history books. You should try for the right side of history.
you would since your a traitor to our country.Polls are rigged and have been caught.hating the president has cost you to lose voters
Republican voters want decreased coverage for more money? I doubt it are they in favor of preexisting conditions?i
Just wait until the kids get cut off and granny gets ousted from the nursing home.
Repeal healthcare? Translation: screw the Americans...more money for my donors, the insurance and drug companies.
Everyone- Congress won't have this plan so why should you
You believe it because it fits your preconceived opinions. Otherwise you wouldn't give it any credence.
The Record on posting the same fucking thing over and over is in your grasp!
Clean REPEAL of nightmare Obamacare-this was a crime against Americans by the terrorist in the WH-Barry Obama
This is another terrible @GOP plan to deny healthcare to millions.  Pass it at your peril.
Where is the poll what voters want? Or do you only care about the concerns of GOP voters?
But the majority of AMERICANS do not agree. Give it up & fix ACA.
A sister just had a heart procedure afforded by ACA, she didn't have previously. If @GOP take it away, I'll oppose R's forever.
Have the stone's to call it the ACA, and not Obamacare, and the polls change. You are smart enough to know this is intellectual dishonesty
You haven't heard that message from me on any of the calls I've made to your office. By the way, your new interns give bad phone.
You didn't even expand Medicaid under the ACA, Linds. Your base never got to experience benefits. We treat many of them in our free clinics.
Try ALL Americans, u'll get a better picture.
And u KNEW about Russian influence into our presidential election. U DID NOTHING. #TeamTreason
I am sick of you Lindsey Graham.
GOP voters, not voters as a whole. Overwhelmingly Americans want ACA. Stop giving us b.s.
Tell you what...believe this: We DO NOT support your shitty TrumpCare 3.0. You are taking healthcare away from millions of Americans.
I can hardly wait for the backlash if you actually do repeal Obamacare.
The damage done by Ocare died with some others will have to live with the damage 4ever 
#VoteHimOut .@LindseyGrahamSC is NOT for the people BUT for the 1%
So you only believe a poll when it agrees with your ideology. Got it.
You'd believe any fake news.
'My party has gone batshit crazy.'Lindsey Graham Apparently this still holds true!
Same poll said only 26% of all Americans think it's extremely important. Do you believe that too @LindseyGrahamSC ? Poll also says /1
huge majority want to see lower prescription prices. Your bill won't fix that. 

It's a prob when you cherry pick polls based on your /2
own beliefs rather than on evidence. In this case the evidence doesn't match your beliefs. Good thing Harvard/politico are trustworthy. /fin
If your plan is so great why hide provision gutting pre existing conditions. People don't trust greed over people party for a reason. U LIE
Yes, BUT only the GOP redneck whites.  Rest of us want Medicare for all.  Why support CEOs making millions in bonuses?  You are a sellout
-sure you do..small minds believe other small minds
They'd be for it if it were called "Super Gun Freedom  Eagle Jesus Care" from senator Vanilla Caucasian.
You're supposed to represent ALL Americans ... not just GOP voters. Can't you even *pretend* that's the case????
Maybe you should pay closer attention to a poll of all Americans & believe that.
@SenatorLankford If y'all don't get it done just say good bye to the house and senate. We Americans will put people in who will get it done.
You obviously didn't listen to us here in SC.  We said stop it!
It may be Harvard but you believe it?  When it suits you???  You raging hypocrite. Why do Republicans hate smart people?
How about looking at all American voters and not the 30% gop base?  At this time in history, we need you to vote country over party
Informed or disinformed opinions?  Nothing did more to educate about benefits of ACA than BCRA and now this.
GOP enablers never hear the truth. SC remains among the bottom because of their so called leadership. #MedicareForAll
Good,  now get it done! Tell ur friend Mccain too!
Congress must give up best Healthcare and use whatever is passed
Why are you still relevant, Lindsay?
Sophia is a beautiful/warm/loving, experienced more pain than in 1 lifetime. You just signed her death.
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC How could you listen to my concerns for my child's life & then propose a #healthcarebill that could kill her? 
It should be repaired. NOT REPEALED! Most opting for repeal are doing so to spite BHO, and are unaware of the ramifications!
Yo, Lindsey!  There is a huge number of Americans who aren't GOP voters. Try thinking about them once in a while, won't you?
Heaven forbid you dare agree with an Ivy League, MA based institution. Your bill is horrible. You take away lifetime benefit. $800m tax cut
Yeah Harvard, pretty untrustworthy...
I don't doubt that taking health insurance away from poor people is important to racist @GOP voters, but does that make it right?
You sure as hell did not hear it from me. Talking only to your base again.
It may be a Harvard-@Politico poll but I believe it.  

I saw, felt, and heard that message over August work period in South Carolina.
…
Of course it is. @GOP can't stand the fact that Obama managed to pass that legislation wile GOP was in majority. You have no other missions.
Republicans: not the brightest bulbs but the most dubious.
GOP voters. Not independents/undecideds which makes up largest contingency. Throw in the progressive folks... ooh boy 
Do what is right by the people and leave you ideaology at the door!
Of course you do, @LindseyGrahamSC. Like the rest of your GOP friends, like @realDonaldTrump for example, you only believe certain polls.
You need to re-work your healthcare plan!!!
This is pathetic on so many levels. The R's repeal/replace had 12% support nationwide. Your idea is no better. Fix the ACA and move on.
It's the name. If they polled it as the ACA - the results would be different

I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
Republican voters are in the minority, and if that's what you "heard" you are delusional.
That's bullshit Senator. What you heard was that people want affordable healthcare. Your bill is the opposite of that.
With your very, very select audience.  You cherry pick what u want to hear.  Time for u to go!
You can fix ACA without killing Medicaid. Protect vulnerable aged, disabled, citizens. Put People before Politics and fake-news President
When are we/ you/ Congress going to start holding people accountable for there Crimes& or Actions,! FBI looks like a bunch of Criminals,!,?.
You didn't hear it in District 5!
.@LindsayGrahamSC I'm a SC voter and I want the ACA to stay. Just fix it!
The operative word is replace...with a better, affordable plan for everyone that is sustainable. Repeal for the sake of repeal is wrong.
Not true. Let's have a vote on it. Americans don't want your garbage "health plan"
"Ignorant people still trying to hurt themselves."
What happened to having hearings with actual healthcare experts (not your BFF lobbyists)? Why a hurried bill from career politicians?
Did this Harvard poll mentioned it will be impossible for some Americans to have access to healthcare.
Who do you work for- SC residents or the GOP?Do your job and protect your constituents by supporting ACA. Your plan guts their health care!
Get ya buddy McCain in line or get him to retire
Especially since the people polled have been promised a MUCH BETTER PLAN, then the ACA, by the reigning republicans and Donald.
Trying to pretend you're not an elitist with that passive-aggressive first sentence? SAD!
Quite a luxury to believe polls you like and ignore the others while simultaneously pushing the lugenpresse lie for the boss-man.
Cherry-picking the news/is what gave the US the blues/If u wanna get tough/read all kinds of stuff/the facts are not something you choose
You don't just represent GOP voters,  you represent everyone in SC.
You work for ALL Americans not just Republicans.
You didn't speak to any SC Democrats then.
Clearly he is only representing SC Republicans that attended his fundraisers.
Bullshit Senator.
How many sads can Lindsey tweet in a day? 
So Lindsey what you are saying is that you don't represent all the American people!
The % of those who want it outweigh the % that dont.. you think you know better? You dont
Koch brothers jam session?
Typical.
What do you do pick and choose by content and not scientific testing data?
Lol@ "August work period."
Likely the same ones who hate #Obamacare but love the #ACA
It's your own party... duh... #Complicit party over people
It's ridiculous for you to say that most SC wants repeal of Obamacare care,since most of your state doesn't have the opportunity to have it
I have healthcare through my employer, very good coverage. I want it repealed because I personally know it's horrible coverage!
It's better than no coverage which is what people had before ACA. Hopefully you'll never lose your job and your very good coverage.
Must be nice to pick polls you believe but ignore others.
#insanity
Doing the exact same thing over
and over again and expecting
different results.

#RepealAndReplace is DEAD.
If you succeed you will have failed the American people and doomed your political career. Is this worth the harm to our most vulnerable?
And #work you did. Being aware of the needs of people, means everything on finding a better healthcare solution.
BOOO!!!
Accurate poll. 
The message must be going in one ear and out the other. We don't want socialized control medicine w/ power to the corporatocracy you serve.
You get more and more like Trump everyday. Gross
Stop trying to push your BS. Nobody's buying it. Do u read your twitter feed??
When does the America people matter more to you then your party and you big money donors
How can you not be concerned with 20-30 million people losing health insurance? So wealthy can get huge tax cuts.
Did you hear more than that message from constituents -- for example, what they'd like it to be replaced with? That seems to be the unknown.
You refuse to see how your trying to hurt people for your party and to keep the Koch,DeVos,Mercer shadow presidents and there wallets happy
This gives me a sad. Just let it go Lindsey.
Saw what your health care plan entails...dump it.  Hurts way too many people.  You will never change...I give up.
You told them you would repeal and replace with better, cheaper care, remember?Every bill you introduce  takes AWAY coverage and is worse.
But you represent everyone, not just republicans, don't you?
And what about the majority of the country who aren't GOP voters?
Don't forget that you represent independent and democrat South Carolinians also.
People who are still willing to identify as Republican voters make up a tiny minority of Americans.
Read your replies. People don't support your stupid bill.
I believe they call that “confirmation bias”.
We don't want your sorry excuse of a healthcare bill
