You'd better comment.  You are a US Senator and the US citizenry, YOUR BOSS, deserve your protection!!!
You & @SenJohnMcCain will need to be the ones who make GOP act. Everyone knows this. You know it. You can retire as heroes. LET'S GO.
Trump's reckless ignorance is astounding. Your passive acceptance of his crimes is disgusting. #ImpeachTrump
@LindseyGrahamSC Do not get distracted by the lying left. Focus on America. Protect this country from Socialism. Let God lead yr heart &PRAY
Wth? He just sold out allied intel and you think we shouldn't be upset?
Just "troubling" ?
"I'm not going to take action either," he said to himself. "Nothing Trump does will lead to that."
Impeach befor terrorist attack
"no idea if it's true"? When are you going to wake up? I am done with the Republican Party, the party of spineless cowards and traitors.
My Party might get mad at me if I say what needs to be said Lindsey says!!!!Such a FLIP FLOPPER!!!
Senator. Why don't you make this your finest moment and stand up for America - instead of the GOP.
Now that the president has confirmed that it's more or less true, and you admit it is "troubling," what do you intend to do about it?!?
Don't give us "it's legal." That's not the standard. This is perilous stuff. Your party enabled this. You need to end it.
I wonder when these Rs will find these things "troubling" enough to actually do something.
Stand by your President you gutless wonder
Ok so now the President just tweeted that it is true.  Do something.

except to mention Obama bc, y'know, this shit show is his fault. Or hillary's. Both. And the MSM
Troubling. And then nothing will be done. This Senator- will be your legacy. You allowed a president to sell the US to Russia.

It's time to cut bait, Senator.
Sen Graham- time to stand up for America
Lindsey, writing's on the wall! U gonna let the glory of saving the USA go to Sasse while you retire in shame? SACK UP, SENATOR #TrumpRussia
You're going to have to comment further when it's confirmed true. And then you're going to have to call for impeachment.
Trump tweeted his admission.He has the right to declassify things but not the right to jeopardize natl security. You are complicit.
FAIL!
What kind of response is that !!!  Isnt there ways, as a Senator, you can find out the truth THEN CONGRESS TAKE ACTION !!!
Such a weak, gutless response. Thought you were different, thought you would put country before party in a situation like this.
How “troubled” do you have to be before you actual do something? Do something or go down with the Trump ship.
Awaiting yr comments Senator. Pls tell us, when did the GOP stop caring about the US & Intel Community?
@SenJohnMcCain Maybe we should all stop voting Republican?
this is more than troubling, it's TREASON. Where is your honor? Is your sustained power worth the demise of our country?
.@LindseyGrahamSC and his republican cohorts are Kompromat, they won't do anything about this, they are up to their eyeballs in #Trumprussia
Now if you'll excuse me, I have to get back to making the rich richer and the poor poorer.
As usual, you say it's troubling but you do nothing. Grow a spine and stop enabling Trump!  It's the USA or Trump. Choose USA for a change!
Senator you know it's true.  What are you going to do about it?
He'll comment, but do nothing.  I'm assuming the Russians have something on Graham.
Troubling? It's far more than troubling, sir, and sitting on your hands & doing nothing is highly suspicious.
Really the WAPO. fake news!
Time to take your head out of the sand Lindsey.
Thoughts and prayers... am I right?
Oh FFS Lindsey. You know full freaking well that it's true. Do your job. Stop bitching about Obama Syria policies and stop this insane idiot
“Troubling” These GOP Trump flunkies need a new shtick
Read the story Sen. Graham, fits Trump, has details, was predicted by many, and generally has the ring of truth @washingtonpost can confirm.
Pathetic but what we have come to expect from the .@GOP who continually put party before country.  No true statesmen left in Washington DC.
Senator Graham, the President is a loose cannon with no moral compass.  He is endangering the people of this country.
I don't want Congress commenting I want Congress to understand it's institutional not party responsibility!
Senator...what will it take for you to put country above party? For the love of all that holy, pease act before he endangers us further?
Or investigate, I assume.
Ah, the old "it could be troubling" dodge. This is gd treason from an incompetent president.
Troubling?? That's it? The entire GOP is troubling!! All of you are a bunch of GD traitors. Impeach already!!!!
of course it's true.  #Trumprussia #DontheCon #WakeUpAmerica #ImpeachTrump
You are a sad and increasingly desperate man. Stop knuckling under his whims.
I mean 'sad' in the truest sense. I weep for the honor and integrity you have chosen to throw by the wayside.
How much more are you going to take here Senator to protect your party and its precious tax cuts?
Oh, we've upgraded to "very troubling", huh? Well, I guess it's progress!
So much moral courage. A true patriot.
Weren't senators briefed about this?
Here's a clue, Lindsey.  The only NAMED source says it is not true.  Give McMaster a ring and then comment.
FIND OUT IF IT IS TRUE.  PLEASE.
Senator, the American people deserve better from you. Find out what is going on and take appropriate action please!
I'm Lindsey Graham and I have no spine
"Troubling"?!?! Get to the bottom of this NOW.
@LindseyGrahamSC don't you CARE it it's true??
This is not GOOD enough!! This is actually undeniable for our country and people's lives are at risk.
Give him a minute to digest! This news just broke! He will hold him accountable
you coward. Pretend it's a democrat and respond in kind. Say as if you gave a shit about our national security
Grow some balls, Senator.
The fact he even had those people in the Oval office in private was poor judgement. But Hillary's e mails.
So weird how you all drop that Hillarys emails line in there. Getting paid by the tweet or something?
For five minutes but then tax cuts, so, whatevs.
@mattderienzo
Awesome, the daily "troubling" quote with no concrete steps to actually block what he does or hold him accountable.
amazing anyone can sleep at night, with so much "troubling" goingon
You have an obligation to make this okay. Your party needs your leadership.
Rs seem to be so "troubled" over things these days I can't tell if this is just a super sneaky way to audition for a new season of Haven.
Wouldn't retweet this if I were you, Senator.
He wouldn't, but I will. Just in case a couple of weeks from now he forgets he said this.
As yes "very troubling" again. GOP so very troubled.
Heaven forbid they comment, or do anything for that matter. It's not like we need CHECKS AND BALANCES!
Oh, trust me, there are many people in the GOP currently working very hard for cheques and balances.
And likely you won't look any closer.....might get burned
Come on Senator, you of all people can’t just be “troubled” by leaking confidential information to Russia.
He's a moron that thinks we're all morons.
Of course your not. That's was another payment on his debt.
Pathetic. Where are the patriots? Does anyone in the GOP care about anything other than tax cuts?
Mark Sanford said today, "I'm not trying to be a hero." DUDE, what we need right now IS for someone to be the hero!! Man up!!
Just add it to the giant pile of other "troubling" things he's done.
If by “troubling”, he’d better mean impeachable.  No more of this “thoughts and prayers” shit, just hoping it’ll go away.
