You/ Lindsay G. should be embarrassed!  Healthcare should not be a political football.  Hardworking Americans deserve better representation.
You don't need to convince us, you need to convince the rinos sitting next to you.
#FIRSTDONOHARM
LIE all he does is LIE
https://www.facebook.com/rpatino2/posts/10103042584238752 …
sure until they get priced out because of pre existing conditions
By "empower patients" I suspect you don't mean "protect their coverage for pre-existing conditions and basic health care services".

I cannot in good conscience vote for Graham-Cassidy. A bill impacting so many lives deserves a bipartisan approach. http://bit.ly/2xtEuvz  
If it is such a good idea why are the AARP, AMA and AHA against it
Why don't of you talk about the protections offered the disabled and those with pre existing conditions
such bullshit.. this is what y'alll said when companies all got rid of pension plans
#NoToDeathcare #NoToGrahamCassidy
#NoToDeathcare
Garbage bill.  #NoToDeathcare
You mean "listen to this pathetic liar prostrate himself for our donors"
Then listen to all the experts who disagree and ask yourself why does @BillCassidy push this terrible bill? #moneyinpolitics?
Another politician who should be told to SHUT UP when asked a question he cannot answer #shame @martinmincali @nytimes @Morning_Joe
My son works part time and was able to find affordable insurance with blue cross blue shield.  So was my niece.

GrahamCassidy is an Abomination being shoved Down the Throat of Americans. The Rush to Vote is How Republicans Compensate for Lack of a Plan
No it will not! Do not lie to your constituents. They WILL REMEMBER and vote all of you out!
Just keep lying. You guys are good at it. I don't know why anyone believes a word you say.The best predictor of future behavior is past beh.
NO....BILL HURT PEOPLE AND CASSIDY IS A LIAR.
Cassidy is a LIAR and only supports this bill because THEY PAID HIM TO.
Listen to Bill Cassidy take insurance away from 32 million American citizens.
He doesn't tell the truth, or is ignorant about his own terrible piece of legislation.
Jimmy Kimmel vs. Bill Cassidy.  Jimmy Kimmel by a landslide.

Since #GOPRatBastards love #GrahamCassidyDeathBill SOOOOO much, by all means, YOU & ur family members should enroll in it. 
#FixTheACA
So sick of lies from #GOPRatBastards.
35MM+ list coverage. Pre-existing conditions protections gutted.
Bullshit.
*if you're wealthy. Small caveat.

#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  

Cassidy-Graham would cut $1 TRILLION from Medicaid over two decades. You read that right - $1 trillion: http://bit.ly/2jO15hH  
This is a lie.  This act won't let states control eligibility for Medicaid expansion even if they use own funds.
New story: Graham-Cassidy goes a step further to repeal Medicaid expansion. Repeals not just funds but eligibility http://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/351809-gop-obamacare-repeal-takes-new-step-in-nixing-medicaid-expansion …

If you want to know how great the Graham-Cassidy bill is for states, the bribe for Alaska is that THEY GET TO KEEP OBAMACARE!!
Liars. All liars. Thing is I kinda liked graham. I super disappointed. Can't wait to see your replacements
The don't have control if they cannot afford health care! Stop LYING!!
Do unto others . . . Graham-Cassidy doesn't measure up.
Watch as an idiot puts his name on something that will secure his opponents win in his primary for brownie points in the now!
Only empowered if you are RICH or a health insurance executive aka RICH... or a Senator
If this insurance is so good, will you sign up for it?
Why would you have to bribe Alaska to vote for this if it is so great?
You really think we believe a word you say.  You lied Cassidy on national TV.  You are liar, liar, liar, just like Trump.  We are not stupid
@BillCassidy if your bill passes, will you sign up for your plan?
It will burden the states.  All 50 are unanimously against it.
#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  
Make sure you get your political donations from billionaire donors before you throw American health care under the bus!!
You LIE!  You will pay 4 your actions #votethemout
If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
And the #CBOscore is...?

it'll BANKRUPT ANYONE WHO gets ill, has ever been ill or is ELDERLY.  Your good friend @SenJohnMcCain would b denied coverage.  U like that?
GOP doesn't care about people, just want that donation from billionaire Koch brothers.
Listen to lies?  No thanks
Lie, lie, lie, you are awful. You trying to please Kotch Brothers? Need campaign $. Sell out.
Unless u have an ear infection. They won't cover that. Maybe u should just list what IS covered. Lemme guess old wht men-viagra? 
@LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy Fix what does NOT WORK!  Don’t strip healthcare away from those who it does work!  Lame!  Reprehensible!

Bullshit Cassidy....you are a Koch brother pawn
All medical professional organizations and managers don't approve. States don't want . Just say it- you hate the black man it's named for.

Why is @RandPaul against this? Rand is a doctor. Why no cosponsors on S222?
Boldface lies. Even the insurance companies are calling bullshit. You all are catering to tax breaks for the extremely wealthy. #AmericaLost
Only good thing about Trump is, He's helped expose and sink the corrupt GOP. You can't hide a bad deal forever and will be voted out.
How can patients control their healthcare if they cannot afford healthcare?  Will Dr. Cassidy treat those who lose their healthcare?
Will this be your healthcare, senator?  If it's not good enough for you, it's not good enough for anyone.
Unless they have a pre-existing condition, or have reached their lifetime cap, or have a mental illness, or cancer, or are pregnant.
RIDICULOUS. UNFORGIVABLE.
What makes you think this will be good for you in the long run? The truth always comes out, remember, and people do have memories.
If Trumpcare passes and anyone dies, you should be charged with murder. Agree to that, and maybe it can pass. #stopgrahamcassidy
John 8:44
Stop! Just stop lying! Leave us alone. Let us keep our health care!
This is pure, unadulterated bull
I'd rather listen to @billcadsidy explain why he won't wait for CBO score, why he wants people with pre-existing conditions to lose access.
Block grants....the big bribe to Senators. Time to move to Alaska or Arizona? Wish @SenCapito knew how to play. We're down $1Billion.
They won't have healthcare to be empowered by
Shame on you. Lies.
#ARIZONANS TAXPAYERS  have been STRUGGLING FOR OVER A YEAR....
WE NEED HELP...
Do you guys understand HC & how insurance works?  Nothing in this abomination empowers patients. This bulls weakens them and then kills them

BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
@thehill @SenSchumer Cassidy & Graham, Stop terrible bill majority of people & health agencies hate! Passing it just so GOP & Trump get win
Oh look more lying liars who lie. All people have to do is read the bill. Everyone knows this is a slow genocide. Ur fooling no one
Watch @BillCassidy lie! #lies
Such lies.
LIes, LIes and more lies.  One thing the GOP excels at is lying. All medical and insurance associations are saying this bill is dangerous.
The big question is will congress be on this Great Healthcare Plan? If not - then it isn't a great plan.
Liars #GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
RT @jimmykimmel, not @BillCassidy, is right on health care, analysts say http://politi.co/2hjcchz  - @politico
@GOP is complicit and crooked.
I'd rather listen to @jimmykimmel
Bill Cassidy is a bold faced liar, and his actual face is really hard to look at. Phugly,
Do you actually think anyone believes this crap? Everyone  knows you are doing this for your donors, not the people.
how does cutting $200 BILLION from Medicaid benefit the poor & middle class? every independent analysis refutes this lying sack of crap.
Horse hockey.
So empowered they will have to act as their own Drs
Greed and tax cuts motivate you!
Fucking lol
Self-serving interpretation, gentleman. We see you!
Why would they continue to lie?
All you need to do is cough sneeze itch it's all pre-existing conditions you have to pay for everything how can we allow this to happen
It's trash! Repeal now! We stand with @RandPaul


When a person like Sen Cassidy can lie with such a straight face displays a total lack of any epiphany and moral character. #LyingBillyCass
Even Blue Cross says this bill will harm people with pre-existing conditions.
Oh my God...what a LIAR! You would say anything to get a win for our so called president. What did he do, pay you?
You lied right on TV. Shameless.
You know how we know you're lying? Your lips are moving!!! Liar!
No if patients had control cost would be the same for all! Stupid to think patients would have control over insurance companies!
He literally does not explain any of that. He jerked off about his "motivations" and that's it.
It's a bad bill with no support from the healthcare community!

Yeah, the control I want is this : When I get sick, not having to choose between dying and living in crushing poverty the rest of my life
LIARS.
He is lying through his teeth. Look who is against it
Stop lying, villains of US history.
GOP storytime. Blood will be on the hands of 51 Republicans and Trump.
Your bill will empower the Koch brothers to enrich the GOP! If u don't come through, the Kochs will buy someone who will!
I don't want power I want health care coverage.  GOP Goddamned Old Repribates
http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/20/politics/jimmy-kimmel-son-graham-cassidy/index.html …   What happens to sick kids like Jimmy Kimmel's son under the repeal  bill.  Cassidy doesn't understand this at all.
#JimmyKimmel #Guts #GOP #Congress #CorruptLiars #BillCassidy #FoxViews w/ #HealthCare #Bill #Facts #DrEd http://ew.com/tv/2017/09/21/jimmy-kimmel-health-care-bill-cassidy-fox-news-chris-christie/ … @ew
Biggest line of crapp out there.  Try telling the real facts!  A party I was once a part of is an embarrassment to all Americans! #epicfail
Unfortunately, Bill Cassidy is a lying liar who lies. Why is he trying to kill 34M Americans?
Listen to him lie, like he did on Kimmel?  HIS BILL FAILS THE KIMMEL TEST.  You prefer party lies over American Lives.  Disgusting.
Something as important as healthcare should be rushed through congress quickly with as little thought as possible.Great job GOP!#JimmyKimmel
I'm waiting for him to explain it without lying. Impossible, I know.

What BS, you are screwing Trump's base.
So 50 states will have 50 different plans.  Some will be bad.  What recourse do those living in a state with a bad plan have?  Just die?
With a net worth exceeding 2M back in 2014, this man cares little for working Americans in his state let alone the country.
If this bill passes history will remember @BillCassidy as a person who let Americans die due to lack of coverage.
NO ONE BELIEVES YOU.  Stop lying to people and work on a bipartisan plan to fix what's wrong.
Empower?  Or eliminate?  Stop the lies.
Shame on you for wasting tax $$ peddling #Lies @BillCassidy! @AmerMedicalAssn opposes your bill--says goes against "First, Do No Harm."
@realdonaldtrump Control is meaningless if so ridiculously costly that no one can afford it.  No interstate competition as Trump promised?
@LindseyGrahamSC
Pro-birth not pro-life. If I'm in a state with good healthcare I can't move to one of our shittier states? #RightToTravel
I suppose those without health insurance will be empowered to get sick and die sooner?
LIES
Don't believe the GOP propaganda.  Their bill will cost you thousands of dollars more per year, exclude huge numbers and gut health care.
Sounds like he has mouthful of marbles!   #blahblahblah
Jesus you look like Lurch from the Adams Family!
You suck!
#LiesSoMuch #AssholeRepublicans
You all claim to be about family values as you destroy childrens healthcare and maternity care.  You are all creeps and liars like #45!
The AMA says:  The latest health-care bill, known as Graham-Cassidy, would do harm to the country and should be defeated.
Yeah, no sale, bub.  Talk in platitudes if you like.  Convinces no one.

blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink
oh, is THAT why no major health or medical organization supports this monstrosity?
We can get cheap dirty talk on late night TV, Repubs need to get off their butts and fix something. Healthcare, taxes? 2018's coming.
Liar.   Liar.   Liar.    Liar.   Liar.   Liar.   Liar.   Liar.   Liar.   Liar.   Liar.  Liar.   Liar.   Liar.   Liar.   Luarb.  Liar.   Liar
People aren't in Nursing homes if they don't need 24 hour care. Home health is $100-$150/hr.  1-2 hrs./day. What happens the other 22 hrs.?
Many places in FL don't have enough money to fix AC in schools! No Medicaid expansion so low income workers could have ins. Fl won't help us
LIAR
NOOOOO!!! You lie!!! This plan is the worst!!! You know it!!! It will hurt people like me with pre existing conditions! Do you not care?!
Don't you love the words they use to sell their dangerous bill? 'Empower' WOW. No sir, you should RESIGN. #KillTheBill #GrahamCassidy
Nothing but a bold face liar. You work for us, not against us. #TimeToVoteYouOut Remember that we're your bosses.
Dr. Cassidy should forfeit license: he does NOT care about the health of Americans. Doctors and patients always had control of decisions.
If it is so great, let's hear the CBO report before you pass it.  No?  That's what we thought.
Throwing 30 million people off healthcare isn't bringing them health care. Stop lying.
You should be ashamed to push this bill.
