Hay middle roadet ur rutt leads 2 the democrat potty & it's not very democratic!!!
Now is the time for GOP to support America. Otherwise GOP is the party of white supremacists.
Impeach Trump
Impeach Trump for saying both sides share blame?  Wow.
https://twitter.com/TaylorLorenz/status/896442225600671744 …

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC !
Find ur spine & remove this racist madman frm office
MANY VIOLENT GROUPS ARE POUSING AS RIGHT WING GOUPS TO BLAME TRUMP, WHEN THEY ARE GETTING ORGANIZE AND PAID BY OBAMA, SOROS AND KILLARY.
Swampy, The # of White Supremacists in US is .03 %. You can't stay off media. Let's discus how we can have you recalled!

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 

Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka, Bannon, and Steven Miller. #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller 
I'm confused, can you please state explicitly if you support BLM, AnitFa and other violent leftist groups?
Did you hear IMPEACHMENT mentioned? Listen! You will!
Don't always agree with Sen. Graham but he's a class act.  Has my vote as long as he stays in office
Wow trump speaks in plain English! Graham u need 2 learn English again u got the politic brain clog been there 2 long
Wasn't it the ones who showed up in black welding clubs and weaponry responsible for the violence!!????? You are shameful!
What are you not getting Senator? The Trump admin is part of the actual problem. You want them to come down on themselves? Seriously
Just exactly how much will it take to get this traitor out of office? We can not wait for investigation to finish.  #impeachtrump
All Senator Graham does is talk; every media channel get on from CNN; MSNBC; FOX; BBC! But last 8 months he's done nothing block progress
If LG spent 1/2 time he does in front of camera; to actually get anything done and help Americans for once; might be worth his pay 
Senator, remember that oath, the "all enemies foreign and domestic" stuff.
Now is the time.
No one said it would be easy.
Turn yourself in, Lindsey!
You are just trying to gain favor with your constituents. Try the active approach to your complaints and suggestions. Work for unity.
And stomp the left terror groups as well! We never had stupid protest hissy fits since Vietnam BS until Obama came along and encouraged it!
If the GOP doesn't act, you're as good as white supremacists yourselves. Where is your decency, SENATOR? DO YOUR JOB!
adorbs! Just because your not wearing your pointy hat doesn't mean we are fooled! #RepublicansagainstTrump
No @LindseyGrahamSC , it's not okay now. He made things worse, not better. #25thAmendmentNow
We all know 45's 2nd comments were insincere. This will not blow over. Stand up to #impeachtrumpnow or forever be remembered as racist.
This JA needs to take his Camra Happy Butt to Hollywood ! U WILL B VOTED OUT! Sick of UR 2 faced, weak butt
You need to come down HARD on @POTUS BY NAME. Call him out, do your job so I will vote for you next time. #ImpeachTrumpNow
As Trump digs himself and the country deeper in his psychosis, you keep talking. Take action. #shitorgetoffthepot
Trump IS a White Supremacist Neo-Nazi. Those are his people. He always defends them.
Lindsay your Boy Trump's a dud
Since inauguration, @realDonaldTrump has been a #failure #Impeach
With all due respect, you're enabling Trump, Lindsey.
What nonsense! Trump didn't innocently fumble.  He is a Bigot.
can u resign for the good of the country's. that will be the greatest sacrifice fir america
You know he won't. He is too far gone over to the right. He needs to go

Do something congress stop just making statements. Potus 45 is one nut case to only begin describing him
Trump wont condem torch carrying racists marching in Charlottesville. Stunning insight into the real trump. GOP must condem him! No excuses
Stop supporting him. Do the right thing. Country over party.
How are you feeling now Lindsey that's what I want to know!
Not enough. Trump is unqualified to lead this country.
Just #impeach him already.
Mr Trump isn't what the GOP keeps trying to convince us.My question-since all of you (GOP) stands w/him,what does that says about all of you
You are starting to look like a joke.
Impeach and remove
25th/4
Mr. Graham... He won't & you know this. He back pedaled on the speech he didn't want to give yesterday & appeared to have enough problem
doing so. You guys have a live grenade in your hands in the form of Trump. Please stop supporting him. Oust him.
Please defend this country against Evil, from wherever and whomever it comes.  LEAD!
How about u come down like a hammer on that menace in the WH? Your soft suggestions aren't working if you haven't noticed
Yes step up Graham! Start with Goerge Soros tell him to knock off. You need to get out of his pockets. We know he is the one behind this
It's past time for the GOP to denounce the @POTUS for what he is.
First the GOP needs to come down like a hammer on trump. How much more of this are u willing to allow? At this point u all are at fault
Trump has just made it clear when he used the word,"us" describing the Nazis in Charlottesville. Remove him
Call out the president on his remarks today! Stand for what is right. Now is the time! Ask for Bannon to be fired!
You're not going to be president.
You know he won't come down on them. He is one of them. 
You better distance yourself from him.
I'm sure sen graham will be belittled on twitter in less than 24 hours.   Even though he is right you go senator. The  needs you
Is David Duke your constituent? Because those are the only types of ppl who are happy right now.
Impeach now!
Too late, once again LG you failure! You're such a hypocrite in so many ways! Denounce Racist Trump once and for all. Quit pandering to him!
W. Supremacist were not the only hate group there. BLM, KKK, Alt-right All not invited. Was planned as peaceful protest against hate of left
True facts of what happened there need to be told. W. Sup. do NOT represent true conservatives who actually planned a peaceful protest
I guess that didn't work out.  Counting on integrity from Trump will fail you ever time
Stop being a coward and stand up to Trump! Are you afraid of him? Please prove me wrong and show us your courage!
Sen. Graham, not only did @realDonaldTrump do the exact opposite today, he disparaged @SenJohnMcCain once again. Time to stand up Senator.
What do you do about a president who cannot lead our diverse nation?
Grow some REAL balls and gather support for impeachment.  You may even win the Presidency along the way.  Do it before more damage is done.

POTUS is referring to the torch-carrying crowd on Friday night who chanted “blood and soil” and “Jews will not replace us.”

Nice people? https://twitter.com/Walldo/status/897553995962740736 …
He's not. Instead, he's doubling down. You supported him. You own this. #CleanUpYourMess
Take your party back Senator Graham.
Did you discuss this presidents off the rail words?
Now exactly what are you and your party going to do with this Nazis and KKK and Russian defender??? Do your job use the 25th Amendment!
Do you consider Black Lives Matter a racist group?
History will record that you did nothing. Remove Trump

There is only one step forward, Senator: Removal of #TrumpPence #WhiteSupremacist regime. Anything else is @GOP approval.
#25thAmendmentNow
He doubled down instead of bringing the hammer down. It's now beyond strong words from GOP. Time to walk the talk. #impeach #censure
Lol, you made Trump called out the violent leftists for their lack of respect for the rights of those they disagree with ?
After that shameful presser by your buddy better rethink it
Unless those "steps forward" include impeachment, stop talking. We're sick to death of GOP spinelessness!
Did you not hear Trump today?! He already said it was OK.  He is a Nazi Apologist/ ALT RIGHT LEADER.  Even David Duke THANKED HIM!  
Step 1: Order spine from Amazon.
Step 2: Wait 2-3 week because you had it shipped Super Saver.
Step 3: Still don't do anything.
And? This is it? This is all you have? Message received.
And now, since the latest press conference debacle, how is that hammer working for you?
The most important step forward is getting rid of the unfit man currently slouching in the oval office!  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Maybe too little too late, and when he looks like he might support some legislation you want passed, you will be right back in his pocket.
You're just going to let what he said today stand. You're a fraud.
Please u honestly think trump is gunna do anything about white supremacy?  He IS a white supremacist!!!!
You are part of the problem. What does Trump have on you?
ummm.... Did you catch the trump presser today?
Come down on all Senator including  Black Lives Matter & The Anita which participated in violence.
I hope we get you out in the mid- terms.
I think I speak for a lot of your constituents when I say we are tired to death of listening to you talk a good game and then do nothing.
I respect you highly, but talk is cheap. It's time for action. Get with House and remove the scourge occupying the WH. #UnfitForOffice
another question, How much longer ? How much longer e GOP, you, cover this Russian paid radical white rerrorists and embarrassing America
Lindsey get busy and you know what I mean
Trumpski beat the drums for KKK,NeoNazis& confederate, enemies of rhe US! This is the only hammer which rattles America and the free World
this is pure evil from our GOP. DO WHAT YOU KNOW YOU NEED TO DO
For god's sakes man, 25th Ammendment.
You need to immediately address the support Trump gave the Nazis today. NOW!
There is only one path forward: Impeach Trump. Anything less and u are effectively saying, "It is OK to have a white supremacist in the WH."
Please speak out against Trump and help rid us of him! He does not represent awe, the people!!
You need to come down on All violent protesters!!!!!
what about what the POTUS said?
Traveling in WI. that guy spout his insanity wen I came upon this. I'm not religious,but for today I will be; For all of us. Except #Nazis
Not enough. No biz as usual. This is a national emergency. #Impeach45
And how did you think @realDonaldTrump did today? Unhinged?
I'm sorry...this is what you have to say right now?!  Nothing else about today that you might want to say??!!
Where do you stand on @realDonaldTrump  comments today?
#ImpeachTrump unfit to lead. Mentally unwell. Save our country, please. R/T
Sen Graham,it's time for all of you to get him out! There is no hope for him! He's untrainable! He has to resign because of mental illness!
Sorry, but you are unreliable @LindseyGrahamSC
When someone tells u who they are believe them the 1st time!!!! How many chances has the GOP given. History is watching! Start #IMPEACHMENT
When are you going to stop him? I am so ashamed of this Republican Party. This is not who we are as Americans, your heart is speaking to you
Please reconsider any support for Donald Trump you might have. Your'e one of the only R's that I respect. Take a stand for all American's.
Trump is a white supremacist leader. Please remove him.
That's it? I want to see your condemnation of Trump's support of the Nazis and WS! What is wrong with you?
Have you seen the kind of people Trump surrounds himself with? He might pay a little lip service, but there will be no real action
Did you see his latest news conference? Very disturbing. Stop tweeting and gather your senators and invoke 25 amendment before he ruins us!
Trump has shown us over and over who he is.  When will you believe him? He has to go NOW. #TimeFor46
@LindseyGrahamSC step forward would be for you to condemn BLM - the only reason things went south is because they showed up with leftist!
Now what?
Really? Did you see what Twitler said today??? Be on the right side of history!
"well done mr president." you are complicit in his BS #ImpeachTrump
He just went off the rails to false equivalency land...again. Seen this?
I have visited your state for vacation for years. I no longer feel safe, rather spend my money in Canada.
And the way #POTUS came down like a hammer was to backtrack and re-double his Saturday comments blaming AltLeft? Um, okay....
Until you #ImpeachandReplace your words are meaningless. 25th Amendment, Section 4.  He is mentally unable to exercise duties of his office
Sorry. Empty words as long as we have Bannon, Miller and Gorka in the WH. And a POTUS incapable of leading this great nation.
"Come down on white supremacists like a hammer." This should include the fake @POTUS @realDonaldTrump, right?! #25thAmendmentNow
Your president supported the Nazis today. Your president. Of the United States.
Care to chime in after Trump's latest?
NOT FUCKING GOOD ENOUGH FOR YOU TO JUST SAY THINGS ANYMORE LINDSEY
IMPEACH HIM.
Well, that didn't happen
You KNOW this is unacceptable and you KNOW he is unfit and know you know he is a nazi sympathizer!!! TIME TO #IMPEACH
If #impeachtrumpnow takes too long, then use the #25thamendment
Whatever means it takes,  let's get this done!
The President is mentally ill.
@LindseyGrahamSC Just call for impeachment. We can be the hammer.
The first step forward should be impeachment!
@realDonaldTrump is on the wrong side of this.  Wake up, and do your job.
Enough with the tweets and positions.  Take action.
And again you dissapoint. Not a profile in courage. Bet if Hitler was a repub you would soft peddle his remarks too.
You mean to say, outloud, that POS Mayor, Judge and Governor are blameless.
Damn, we need a little integrity here.
#ImpeachTrump
Once again the president heeds not your advise Senator.
Thank you President Trump for your honesty & courage to tell the truth about #Charlottesville & condemn the leftist terrorists in BLM/Antifa https://twitter.com/NBCNews/status/897554574663442432 …
Agree 100% we should come down on white  supremacist  but we should come down equally hard on  anarchist  (alt left punks)
Cool story bro - now #impeachandremove this mess you've helped get us into. We're getting pretty fed up out here in America.
This President will understand one thing only Senator Graham..a good ass kicking. Tell him NO SUPPORT from you until alt-right out of WH.
Today, Trump did the opposite of what you're calling on him to do in regards to white supremacists. Impeach him now.
Good luck with that. When will you all understand how dangerous he is to our country?
You know the "steps forward" and it is impeachment. Stop trump embarrassing America
This idiot 45 shot himself in the foot again today. You and GOP stand by this is very disgusting
Looks like graham thinks Blm and Antifa are ok.  They caused the attacks in C'ville against all in there path bused in by your buddy soros.
Thank you American Leader.
I'm sure you heard what he said today. No hammer. What are you going to do?  Anything?  Clutch pearls in silence with the rest of the GOP?
And Senator Lindsey Graham answered with the same veracity, integrity and sense of humanity that he's shown during the last 3yrs.
So according to Trump if you stand up for what is right and good it makes you as bad as a Nazi.
If you don't repudiate what Trump just did, you are complicit and just as guilty. You have to get rid of this guy before it is too late.
It is time. Have some moral leadership. He needs to go. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Steps forward? IMPEACH!
All talk and no action senator

SPC Allen Stigler Jr., 22, of Arlington, Texas & SGT Roshain Brooks, 30, of Brooklyn, New York. Killed in Iraq. RIP 
And after today?
Today, Trump coddled Nazis & white supremacists, what is your response?It's time for GOP w/ conscience to take charge of their party. Lead.
I asked the question: Are any of our American Leaders sympathetically or knowledgeably aware that 45 is threatening our nation?
You are going to have to put action behind your words sir. Trump has shown again and again that you cannot count on him. Do something please
I'm sorry sir, but you're dreaming. Our president is a racist apologist with no desire to heal this country, only to pander to his base.
Too late Senator. #25amendmentnow
Thanks for being decent, diligent and deserving
Yea.  Like that's gonna happen. Watch some tv.
Did you see the "presser". 
Thank you for your clear statement against hate.  Please speak up against what Trump said today too.  Our country cannot go on like this.
Not in 2017.  This week feels like a giant step backwards w/ respect to being a country that celebrates diversity and acceptance.
Trump ants to divided, cause chaos & cause a civial war for Putin. He gave away our democracy.
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
How's that hammer going Lindsey?
How about you speak with @GOP about getting rid of this nut job President?  All of you need to grow a spine and do the right thing.
Seems like you're only still "bothered" by tRump & his BS! When is the GOP going to stand up to our nazi loving president?
I think @realDonaldTrump has made his position perfectly clear. He's demonstrably unfit to sit that high desk.
