The 2016 National Champions visited Washington, D.C., today! #Clemson  

GALLERY - http://bit.ly/2rkehOp  
Even @IvankaTrump  donated to the @HillaryClinton foundation
Nothing against Clemson but I heard they want to see the bill your hiding from the public on Trumpcare. This is unamerican way show the bill
Make sure the healthcare bill you are all trying to hide and rush through has proper time for all to read and totally understand
Poor thing, trying do hard to change the subject. Not gonna work. Better get on the right side. Gonna eat your words.
Glad to see you're focusing on football 6 months out of season as congress let's a despot Russian agent run around UNCHECKED. C'mon Lindsey!
Graham is enabling the destruction of our Democratic Institutions.  He's a traitor while pretending to moderate Trump (impossible).
The senate @LindseyGrahamSC are trying to rush an #AHCA bill through that will strip health care from millions! But, way to go Clemson...
WTH millions of people are about to lose there health coverage and this is more important smdh
Trump followers should be demanding the truth about Trump dealings with Russia. Firing Mueller, sounds like a coverup to me.
Now back to "secretly " stealing health care from millions of people.
Show us the bill!!!  I challenge every congressperson to give up their taxpayer subsidized healthcare and be forced to buy in their state
You say the press aren't your priority? How about the American people, who you work for? How are we supposed to find out what's going on?
You're a corrupt RINO!!!
#GOP #Republicans continue Orwellian assault on Open Government, Journalists, Constitution and First Amendment.
Senator Graham, what did u think of that forced ass kissing by his Cabinet? Disgusting? Embarrassing? Awful? Is this what u want? SAD!
You are obstructing and making it hard to get to the agenda at hand.  GOP can't get out of its own way. We have the house! Teamwork
I can finally agree with you on something!
Actually it's first on the list. The First Amendment. The press is the people's voice.
Sen. Graham on press restrictions in Capitol: "of all the problems in America, y'all are pretty down the list"
PUBLIC HEALTH EPIDEMIC: GOP/Trump/Pence/Bannon/Ryan/McConnell are Public Health Risk and should be declared as such!
acting as if this was a normal day or this is a normal admin is beyond the pale. THESE ARE NOT NORMAL TIMES SO STOP
We are tired of circus BS.
We the people wants Mueller removed and replace NOW
Read watch
Read more 
Mueller got to go !!!
Can you read
Mueller close friendship with Comey disqualified him to continue
Really SICK of the GOP blah blah all talk and No Action and Constant excusing & bolstering a mad man. You talk tough 4a minute & then ENABLE
House Armed Services Committee, Hearing; Sec of Defense James Mattia, also Joints Chief of Staff, Gen.Joseph Dunford; Sen. Lindsey GRAHAM
You are clueless. You are probably texting Ivanka about what to wear tomorrow! Russia owns you ..we know !
Senator Graham: make your Tigers as proud of you as you are of them! God will give you the strength.
Too bAd they did not have a more respectable Pres to meet with - Sad
After he made his cabinet kiss his ring today...oh, yeah he definitely did ask Comey for loyalty! right! DISGUSTING!!
Honorable is facing and standing up to adversity. Notchummibg up with it!
Trump should be quiet and the investigation will clear him? Your words. How do you know that? Is the fix in? Looks bad Graham.it stinks bad.
You are a TRAITOR! You want to allow Mueller to collude with LIAR Comey and try to take our President down. Comey admitted to a crime!
Heard @realDonaldTrump "hopes" @ClemsonFB can see their way to letting these championships go. Russian bookmakers laying money elsewhere!
What are you doing to protect our healthcare??? Please keep the ACA and fix it. Don't sneak the AHCA through and destroy the system we need
You are a sham & travesty - useless to the people of South Carolina! You don't care about us or respect us. No problem #voteout
Love it.  I don't see enough "vote out Graham" stuff.  Keep up the good work.  Time for these guys to move on.
You knew OUR PRESIDENT WAS NOT UNDER INVESTIGATION, and YOU HELPED CONTINUE THIS FARCE, ENOUGH, STOP SPECIAL COUNSEL MUELLER NOW !
Putin like Clemson?
Want to build that wall?
