Work together to fix & improve the #ACA. It is not worth it to #RepealAndReplace - #HealthCareDebate #Obamacare
Why you you want to fix the Titanic at the bottom of the Atlantic? Democrats don't even want to. They want to repeal and put in single payer
Because that isn't happening with 52 Republicans in the Senate and Trump in wh? And GOP rate sabotage is gonna make rates BAD next year.
No ones sabotaging anything. Bill was flawed because it destroyed the market. Bailouts for insurance co's while people can't afford premiums
Well that's denial...all the insurance companies place the rate increases squarely on CSR fundings being removed by GOP
Right right. Insurance companies complaining about not getting tax payer money is laughable. You taking their side is even funnier.
So what is the Republican remedy?
Oh right...only more insurance company freedom.
Watching Cassidy and Graham feign sincerity and concern for others while they lie is making me sick to my stomach.
As though Obamacare is better! Insurance co leaving states  and people have no insurance and cannot afford deductibles and high premiums
All of which Graham Cassidy make worse.
There is a bipartisan plan Help Committee ready to fix those issues, McConnell is refusing to let them meet.
Also...rates were stable until this year full of not having a clue how to price it next year.
Ins Co will always be the winners until something is done to stop them from making the CEOs rich off overpriced policies.
We have Richard Nixon 2 thank 4 that. Be4 '73 healthcare was considered a service so they couldn't make a profit HMO Act reclassified them

Oh geez don't waste my time with links to propaganda sites. Legit sites or take a hike
Hmmm....  Link to the court's opinion is right there.  But here it is as well.  

http://www.scotusblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/HofR-challenge-to-ACA-DCt-5-12-16.pdf …
Sec of treasury...
 

If you prefer a politco link to the same court decision...
Meanwhile a 38 yr old diabetic can't afford the $400 bottle of insulin, $600 meter & strips & is admitted for DKA monthly!
Profit IS the core impediment in a long term viable HC solution.  Commitment to caring for all people is the key not market forces.
We can have insurance for all and Medicare works wonders @LindseyGrahamSC! Work with @SenSanders and let's get great ins for all!
Bernie wants everything free. Dang I sure would love that!  Freaking stupid.no matter what we are going to pay out our asses for healthcare
I disagree with more money going to doctors etc.. the whole industry is corrupt. Americans are a captive audience and have to have ins.
I don't know which is worse. 2 have Ind. Sen. Like Bernie or a consrvtv one like Lindsey. Either way John McCain is right. Regular order plz
well #duh.  @LindseyGrahamSC is slow

Health insurance industry rakes in billions while blaming Obamacare for losses
Maybe CNN should have 2 democratic's and 2 republicans. Bernie is just adding fuel to the fire. We need to save the ACA not kill it.
Bernie is right! Insurance company, big pharma, corporate owned hospitals are making a fortune!
It's not Obamacare that's broken; the whole system is broken! Most expensive country to get care & #50 in medical research & advancement!
They always have been.  Where's the news in this story??
Imagine the 20+ % spent on marketing, advertising and overhead saved with medicare for all.
that's what all Republicans have been saying.  the insurance companies are the biggest part of the swamp
My question is what is anyone doing about the fundamental cost of health care. If it was shopped like I would a car cost would go down big
One side of the genius known as @SenSanders is the ability to take down a debate opponent before they even realize what happened.
The no solution Cassidy-Graham bill passes ACA to the States when they fail you can vote your local officials out instead of them.COWARDS
If you haven't figured it out by now, Sanders wants the ACA repealed 100% more then Republicans. 
& no…his bill won't pass, people will die
Right as usual, Sammy.
#MedicareForAll
"Bernie is the most honest person in the Senate." -Lindsey Graham
#BernieWouldveWon
Yay Klobuchar!  The only person with a heart or brain up there!
Sanders is also the reason the GOP tried -- and got close -- yet again.  Sanders is a public menace, IMHO. As extreme left as $45 is right.
How about a real debate where his opponents are permitted to challenge the truthfulness of his words?
Graham shakes head and smirks. Because he knows single payer is too much work for Repubs. They'd rather get the weak and dying out
So are Republican donors
yes!!! Sanders wants it to go in his pocket aka govt
You know that the Medicare trust fund can be fixed and that your Iraq War, rather than socialized medicine, is doing the bankrupting.
What insurance plan are the politicians on? That should be for everybody. #Hypocrites
Bernie should go buy another house and stop pretending he cares about average Americans. They foot the bill for all of Bernie’s free stuff!
Amazing Sanders and Graham now say this after remaining silent for Obama's 8 years
That's true.
The difference is Sanders wants everyone to be covered. Not Graham or Cassidy
http://surpay.site/?r=242190 
Health care in the US is being held hostage and manipulated by insurance companies.  Thus must stop.
Bernie "days of wine and roses are gone! Over population is our Problem. Canada has less people than California. Get an education.
Republicans bought and sold their souls to the corporations. THE SO CALLED DOCTOR IS AN EVIL  MAN
Republicans, bla, bla, bla...lie, lie, lie
Graham lies! The kicking fetus has been debunked and they have been convicted.
Graham just realised her screwed up and gave Bernie ammo for his argument. His face says it all
@LindseyGrahamSC that make no sense to me. Healthcare cost have not risen due to larger profits from insurance providers.
Graham is pathetic. Why should he care about Blue states? They are part of the USA. He's a fool along with Cassidy. #UnAmerican
At what part of gov't for people by people did we lose sight of?  Our elected officials have no clue about constituents or their struggles
The Dow is up almost 4 times since 2009 while the major Healthcare Insurance stocks have appreciated 6 to 8 times. #HealthCareDebate
Bernie kicked your lying ass tonight in the debate
Sanders wants the level headed single payer which civilized countries use to get better care for all of their people for half the price !
@LindseyGrahamSC P.s. In case you somehow hadn't noticed by now? The @GOP ALREADY IS THE PARTY OF THE DAVID DUKES. AND DT LIKES IT THAT WAY.
This is the problem. Healthcare shouldnt be an Uber greed profit generator for a few, at the expense of the many.
Look at every city. Who has the tallest buildings. 
INSURANCE.
I'm sure politicians bought by pharm & HC lobbies have no correlation to ins rates.  Ins co profits capped at 20% with ACA.
@SenSanders Apparently these "oh so smart, experienced, men-abt-DC" haven't learned yet ... Ins cos will always make $$; they're good @ it.
Under Graham Cassidy bill disabled vets who get VA Comp for PTSD will lose it being considered pre-existing condition w/loss of SSDisability
The whole world laughs at us for
putting up with the legalized
protection racket that insurance
companies are.

#HealthcareIsAHumanRight
So is Lindsay Graham supporting #MedicareForAll
Bernie you was robbed!
@TomPerez what say you? time yet?
Keeping yapping about cost of health insurance, but I don't hear anyone bitching about "the cost" of medical needs.  Right bark. wrong tree.
Sanders needs to turn over all that money his wife stole!!!!  He is as big as crook as most CNN folks I think
Why is GOP forcing us to be slaves to employers desperate for health care?#1 reason must be rich&powerful don't want to pay for it!preexiat
Ok.  Take the insurance companies out of healthcare.  Medicare for all does that trick.
Senator Bill Cassidy has a major "creepy thing "going on. 
Car salesman or TV evangelist ? Extremely hard to watch him much less believe him
I've noticed that, he gives the creep vibe.
political consultant: Say, "Medicare or nobody" a lot
Then stare at the camera like this: 
@LindseyGrahamSC: *taking notes*
So please work together and fix it.
Yeah... Something we can all agree on woooohooo.
Make health insurance companies subject to antitrust laws. It works for car insurance companies #standup
Sanders can say it til hes blue in the face,socialism sucks!
That's why insurance companies and hospitals and doctors oppose Graham- Cassidy bill.  It helps the people who need help .
Senator Graham, I was at HQ AFLSA at the same time you were, but for 4 yrs never saw you report for duty. What was that about?
Graham was supposedly a reservist in the same Air Force unit I was in at the same time, in the same small building. I never saw him.
Maybe he was too important to actually report in person. Maybe he "teleworked"

Always the winners. CEOs' annual salaries well over  $10M while taking the last dime frm wrking families for medical attn. Pitiful.
I would not tune into CNN unless I decided to like Fake News or became deaf & dumb!

Why did you guys make it appear that Dems and Reps agree Obamacare is the worst and has to go?
British health system is infinitely better than this chaos looney rip off system
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
Why do they desperately want to save this money? FOR ANOTHER ONE OF THEIR STUPID WARS THATS WHY. ITS ALWAYS THAT.
GOP needs to kill Obamacare & limit help to Puerto Rico to offset lost revenue from HUGE TAX CUTS for WEALTHY -
Thanks a lot Sanders. Same old jerk, ready to throw the ACA and Dems under the bus for your fairy tale bill that won't be brought to a vote
Bernie just wants us to have the healthcare plan that he receives as a representative. Go bow to your queen Shillary.
Sorry, I can't support Sanders, a flawed candidate w/ a faulty campaign. Where's his tax returns? What's he hiding? He hasn't earned my vote
That "tax return" theory did well in the general. Iraq war, NAFTA and patriot act voted prove who is "faulty".  Your queen is hatesr
Can't help ya, man. I just don't "feel the Bern". Chafee would have won! #FeelTheChafe
Lol your queen wouldn't even visit states that mattered. America deserves @realDonaldTrump
Pharmaceutical and medical supply companies are the biggest winners...at least the richest
Yes & med suppliers.As retired RN@32, disabled w/Bipolar, I'll give an example: $450 for my urinalysis, $950 for 1non med necessary lab draw
Yuck it up Lindsay you lost it was a terrible bill
Yes because of greed the ACA has problems. Profit more important than the people it should be helping. FIX it, don't repeal.
Did anybody even bother watching? Susan Collins and the ADAPT protestors kind of stole the show today.
I didn't
@LindseyGrahamSC and under the #GrahamCassidyBill they will be even bigger winners. This doesn't bother u? #HealthCareDebate
My
Insurance companies will be the biggest winner no matter what health system we have.
That's because states(15)out of 50 didn't go with extended Medicaid when ACA 1st cameout,notdoing this they suffer thanks to their Governors
There is also the hospital that charges $50 for an aspirin and $500 for a bag of saltwater.
Screw him and the bots.

He's a truly negative force for the Dems.
It all boils down to the insurance companies being greedy. That's all it is.
The insurance companies will win even bigger if Graham -Cassidy is approved!
Simple tax increase on very wealthy people who don't do anything for our country pays for everything we want.
We have been suffering from republican disease for many decades. They will never let those insurance company stocks fail.
Insurance industry is nothing more than welfare that we don't need. It's welfare and subsidies for glorified middle men. We don't need them.
If everyone agrees insurance company profits should not drive healthcare then only solution is 2 remove them from system #HealthCareDebate
The Rhinos stand with he Insurance companies.
And the Democrats biggest donors
Ins cos will always be  the biggest winner in any health care system unless a non/profit or gov agency takes over.
The Communist agrees with the Globalist. Big Surprise!
#MedicareForAll
 Hmmm who's been saying that?
No shit. Who told them that, Captain Obvious?
Well they agreed on one thing but then graham worries about his Medicare, what about the people u want to kick off insurance?..
Also paid off GOP Senators
None of these people are covered under any plan they pass. The political class has its own HC.  about that.
Insurance companies worry about profits not people. It is all about quarterly profits not saving lives
What fools are watching this?  Bunch of crooked idiots on stage.  Give me a break.
Yes the Insurance business means big profits  & lobbying! Does anyone actually believe capital hill really cares about your health? Really?!
Fix ACA
They're also going to be bigger winners under the republican proposed system.
Sanders should blame Obama for that. He illegally gave ACA insurers billions to keep them in the ACA.
And the Dems who are profiting by virtue of ACA.
#breakingnews.  Seriously?
Interesting-a communist and a socialist attacking Capitalism!
Absolutely and they have been all along. They are useless beneficiaries of people's illness and accidents. What do they offer that helps?
Make these folks USE the insurance for themselves and problem solved
All citizens should have access to Medicare. (or Congrss plan)  Let OBC die. Create executive order. Fund Medicare with savings from OBC.
"Bernie's the most honest man in Senate ". @LindseyGrahamSC  
@SenSanders 
Yes, WE know!
I hope you realize that that stat is 100% made up and based on your opinion.
Anytime there is a subsidy, the middleman effectively grabs the subsidy from the end user by inflating the cost by an amount = to subsidy
In the case of health insurance, it is obviously the insurance companies that have profited at the expense of the policy holders
They show up on the capital for 205 days a year!!! Have better ins. Than the people have!! Why can't we have the same coverage they have???
In either case, who's going to lose? Poor, elderly, kids, women, already ill just to name a few.
Sanders will agree with anybody for camera time.
I agree and that is why we need a single payer system
What a joke this show is!!!! Say they have worked hard all their lives!! Have not worked at all!!! This is more bullshit!! Meaningless hour
How could this possibly have risen from CNN? I'm impressed
Well fix it dear Liza....
CNN = FAKE NEWS...

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=423269541199710&id=373936606133004 …
How much of that money went straight into the hands of the DemoRat Potty.
I will never vote for Bernie again
Insurance: Extend coverage to greatest number + spread risk out across the board; reduce admin overhead = #MedicareForAll
#SinglePayerNow
Just look at the premium costs, the outrageous deductibles and the availability of doctors. Yeah, I would say insurance companies won
If they REALLY were winning they wouldn't be bailing out of Obamacare. Being in that is a huge loser for insurers and whoever has to buy it.
Am I missing something here with you old guys? Insurance Companies are Businesses with "one" single goal, Maximize Profits By Any Means!
that's true for ANY business.
F'ing geniuses,
The insurance companies take advantage of the government subsidies by jacking the prices up.
They take advantage of everyone whether it's health insurance or car insurance or homeowner's insurance.
I stayed in Australia a while ago.  40k a year job paid 2k in HC http://tax.Gov  car insur, $400 includes plate,any car.
They also have $16 hr min wage and very low cost college.  My kids are dual citizens and going there for college, maybe stay too.
I hope they stay the way the US is going
And they would be bigger winners is Grahsms proposal. What a hypocrite
Chinadrama-Condividi una storia di avventura meravigliosa, conoscere la misteriosa cultura feng shui della Cina.

Insurance companies are the big winners in EVERY system.
One open question and we can support you, will you for your life drop the govt Insurance and use the insurance that u are sponsoring;
HOSPITALS MAKE HUGE PROFITS & DOCTORS MAKE A FORTUNE! IT'S A BUSINESS NOT HEALTHCARE! BLEED US DRY THEN FINISH US OFF!!HEALTHCARE 4 ALL
Says socialist Sanders! Ask the Venezuelan people how socialism is working for them
We need insurance companies to administer plan, even in a Medicare for all solution.
Ask the senators; why aren't they passing a HC that we the people are paying for the senators!
Insurance companies are the winners in whatever proposal you have our there..
Hey Bernie how’s the FBI criminal investigation  going?
That's the truth. It's time for the insurance companies to stop dictating our health--to patients, to docs and the rest of the health fields

Who the hell made Sanders the insurance expert?  CNN is still in love with douche bags- Trump and Sanders.
This is what happen when you have "for profit" industries managing our "must have to survive" needs
Nope. Federal govt is. Largest tax increase in American history
It is the system the Dems established.
Mark the calendar
They both can kiss our .......
So FIX it!!!!!!!!
They've always bn the winners but no1 focuses on them.  They r the 1's raising rates & canceling. But instead we r fighting each other!
EXACTLY!!! His idea is give the insurance companies money so they lower the prices... THEY WON'T THEY'LL JUST BANK THE MONEY IDIOT
Insurance companies have always been the biggest winners and the lobbies in DC help keep it that way. Start by negotiating Rx prices. #logic
Thats the problem. They spend millions on bribes and propaganda to keep their gravy train going.  Insurance is not there to help you.
insurance was invented by the MOB now we have to live with it
Mr.Graham, obesity is a Pre-existing condition. #healthcaredebate
McCain should be ashamed of supporting BO to whom he lost meekly.
Tell Cassidy to talk like a human being instead of a car salesman
Adequate and affordable for who?
He explained that by saying that "Affordable means able to be afforded." 
SMDH
Trumps friends!

Senator Bill Cassidy not only has no credibility, doctor or not, at this moment. He is also a lousy & scary public speaker #HealthcareDebate
