
Pathetic.
Gonna be sweet when you're repealed and replaced
Boo
So how many more years do you need?
Not good enough & you know it.  I'm disappointed & hoped you would be a voice of reason in the GOP chaos on this issue.  Mod Dems need you!
We just want the same plan that you have, Senator.
Not something to be proud of.
Aside from Trumps base, America wants you to fix the faults of the ACA by working with your Dem partners
I sure hope you haven't hurt a bunch of vulnerable ppl. And I hope u haven't messed me up. I'm skeptical about reps ability to replace.
I guess you used up your Good Lindsey points botching about Trump. No time left to be concerned about the health of your constituents
There are 3 heroes in the Senate ... Republicans who voted for US, not party.

Graham was NOT one of them; he just wanted to SOUND like one!
and yet you have offered no plan for American health care and demanded no hearings.
Swamp Dweller, you don't get much done; but you have high self-esteem!
That's like taking the tires off your car and then driving away without putting new ones on. Would you do that? What is wrong with you?
No it's not.  More like rotating & balancing regularly so you get more milage...reducing total tire costs.
How can you balance them while you're driving? If you repeal and don't replace, you have nothing and people die
People won't die..tho many at risk now because they can't afford the deductibles. If no replaced, GOP gone.
How do they not have a passable plan after 8 years? That's pathetic.
Because scumbags like Graham spend all their time minding someone else business instead of doing their job.
Hope you enjoy early retirement
Thank you John McCain, for doing what you should have done. You didn't vote for healthcare, you voted for more money to stay in the fed govt
That is some bullshit.
How old are you?? You're a very immature woman. Grow up and deal with the hurdles life throws at you. 8 years of failed policy is enough
You know this is a mistake.
Shame on you!  You all care more about yourselves than than any of you constituents!
You don't have a clue how it is for so many people in this state. You have all the freebies political office has to offer.
Ryan said he was "willing" to kill bill in House. That was one of  actions Ryan was willing to consider.  Ryan played you. McCain saved you.
Very bad solution.
Not happy with that vote. You don't represent your people well.
Nice replacement.  You've had 7 years.
The irony is you seek to repeal a program that helps Americans while supporting a President that hurts Americans.
Nope you and your buddies are against this president and the people step down
For the love of God Lindsey
I really hope you meant to put a comma in there and don't think he is a god.  
No "." needed. "and" does its job all by itself. & "a god" needs no "G".  But (more importantly) you missed the tongue-in-cheek nature.
What a disappointment. Would you sell your house without somewhere else for your family to live @LindseyGrahamSC ? Where is the forethought?
Maybe if the GOP stopped calling it "Obamacare", you could just fix it to help more Americans instead of trying to hard to make it go away.
Not good enough. 
Full repeal like u RinocRats boasted about  4 8 yrs!
You just voted to take away health insurance from thousand of vulnerable South Carolinians. Sad.
I buy my and my family's insurance on the ACA exchange in SC.  I am not a leech. I am 55, married, two young children, homeowner.
I have a college degree and am going to graduate school at the Citadel n Aug.  I run a small business.  I've had some health problems.
So has my wife, also self-employed.  Before the ACA no one would sell us individual insurance.  The ACA is not perfect & should be improved.
But it's a godsend compared to what we had before.  By the way, if you receive insurance through your employer, that is subsidized by govt.
All the premiums you and your employer pay are tax-free, so are subsidized by my and other's taxes. My insurance premiums are NOT tax-free.
I will send all my medical bills to you.
We all should.
Great idea! Let's do it!!!
We need to do a campaign like they did with the post cards in March, #theidesoftrump except healthcare bills 
Love that idea, too. I also think we stop paying taxes.
No taxes without representation! Lindsey, this bill, @GOP agenda, doesn't have the support of the general public.We should withhold salaries
"No taxes" maybe a little harder to do. Unless we change our W4s not sure how that would work. Plus Oregon doesn't have a sales tax.
Change your W4 to 6 dependents & file for an ext. w/a letter that you've put the funds in escrow to be released when Democracy restored.
Your vote makes me angry and sad. I'm a constituent. I'm upset.
Some days you have courage, and then there's today
ACA repeal may lead to my death. I am one of your constituents. Thanks a lot.
You tool. Thanks for nothing
What you need to do Senator is to work on removing the threat to this country from the White House. He needs to go and you know that. NavVet
Youre like some unhappy co-workers Ive seen...they go along with the boss on the surface....and then find ways to stab boss in the back.
So what is your plan
 Your usual blah blah with nothing to show
 No guts no glory
My bills are coming too!  Do you have any clue how many small business owners now have affordable insurance because of the ACA?   Any clue?
I am very disappointed in your vote Senator Graham!
Ridiculous!!   Not in this administration.  Get a conscience pls and don't mislead everyone
That is not anything to be Proud of - You have Failed your People!!! Go to Oconee Hospital and observe for just one day!
Yes, repeal now. It will get MUCH worse. And we get more votes in '18 and then we jam it down everyone's throats then. But keep it on the DL
How can people support this nonsense? Leaving people vulnerable in the name of GOP power. Shame on @LindseyGrahamSC
you dont even know what you voted for...
Not a good move.  Seriously
My family will send its medical bills to you with no return to sender. Thank you! Big load off my shoulders
Poor decision, let's try skydiving and hope we get a parachute before we hit the ground
Repealing the ACA isn't the answer. Presidents should continue to edit and revise the work of their predecessor, not throw it out
Thanks for screwing my family.  Thanks a lot.
Dear sir! You need to buck up and be strong in this fight you're looking weak right now because you don't say what you really mean
Care to pay for my medical expenses?
You petty little shits are bound and determined to pretend that a black man never lived in the White House. It won't work.
Senator, I live in SC. I will sure remember how you vote on ACA
You really did the wrong thing. ACA was the best thing that happened. As a SCer we need options.
Careless
SAD!
Why didn't your master McCain????
Why? How can you justify taking insurance away from millions of people? I think we should be able to vote on senators' health care.
Why publicly admit that? It's like saying "hey twitter, look at me I'm a dick."
#notmysenator
Why? Seriously why would you do that? You had one job, help not hurt, and you did the opposite.
I am sorry
"Now that I, your Lord and Teacher, have washed your feet, you also should wash one another’s feet."
Thank you. And too bad there were 5 turncoat Republicans that voted against it. I hope those senators loose their next election.
Of all states that need it the most.  Really. If you wanted it change so bad why did you republicans write new one in last 7 years
shame on you
Why do you want millions of Americans without insurance? You have it.

Not good.  How would you like to live with uncertainty about your healthcare coverage?#WalkaMileinSomeoneElse'sShoe
And you tweet this cause you're proud or so history will never let you forget
Write your own health care gen? What's holding you?
You mean never, right? Wink wink nudge nudge
Very disappointed in your decision! It serves no purpose & we can't trust that Congress will be able to come up with anything better.
Shame on you. And I was such a fan.
What is wrong with you?!  That is not leadership it's cowardice.
Again...I want the same healthcare you have
And we are all thankful that it failed to pass thanks to other elected officials who chose to vote for the people they represent.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Thanks for making my disabled nephew’s life even more challenging. You should have seen the tears on his face.
We do not need government involved in healthcare. Quit acting like a Liberal orquit pretending to be a Republican.
We need a clean repeal!  We (Conservatives) believe that you are all in big Pharma's and the healthcare industry's back pocket.
Insane. Uncaring insane cray Republicans are idiots who only love the rich and their president. You should all be ashamed to support him
Democrats always stay united and are at war with you.  You guys approach governing like it is a parlor game.  Better get to war.
What is your motivation? How about improving upon what is in place?
You should be ashamed of yourself. This only hurts people. History will record that YOU chose party and 45 over country and it's people 
Why? We need more healthcare, not less. Every American needs healthcare.  Let's do this! You got this! #universalhealthcare
Unbelievable that the GOP cannot write a plan after 7 yrs. Shame on you for voting for repeal without a plan to replace
Today you sealed your fate as a former member of the US Senate.
That's leaving millions without healthcare. Does South Carolina really hate a black man's law that much? Pretty wimpy, Senator :(
And today I saw a cow fly! Just as certain!
I didn't notice all the other conservatives patting themselves on their own backs as much though......
Whatever.  You will eventually get it with no lube from  @realDonaldTrump just like Sessions, Flynn and LGBT service people.
you lie, you lie, you damn well lie!!!!....whoops, sorry, wrong SC liar
In 2020 we will vote to repeal you
sounds so easy...! @WatchYourRepsSC #weaponizedignorance
Party before people. Ashamed!
Goto hell
Which date is that, liar?
You sound like you're proud of yourself!  What has happened to common sense?
Boooooo!!!!
Disappointed in you.  Start leading
When will you stop supporting this destruction and start working for the people? Get rid of tRump, and Ryan's ego politics?
That's disappointing
Yes and it will be remembered not in a good way.
I'm very disappointed in your choice. How is my daughter with #cysticfibrosis going to survive? #ProtectPatientsNow
Today you voted to strip 16 million Americans of their healthcare. #Traitor
2020 can't come fast enough, Senator. I've got my $ ready to donate to your opposition.
Funny, considering you & McCain are two of the biggest obstructionist in Congress.
Shame on you. 1) voting to rip hc away from 23mil ppl 2) doing *nothing* to identify a replacement
Thank you Senator and for being truthful beyond party. Any back room committees on dealing with unstable leader in the WH?
That's just a foolish approach. You can't see that? Or you just hate all of us South Carolinians so much? You make no sense.
Shame on u Sen Lindsay!  How can u even sleep at night knowing u left MILLIONS of fellow Americans without a safety net?  AMERICANS WILL DIE
@Lindseygrahamsc, very disappointing that you would give in to trump's anti-American agenda
You lost my support! Want to lose your insurance with nothing until who know when or what it will even be? My child's life depends on this.
That's obviously untrue. You were unable to come up with a replacement by now; why would we trust you would in the future?
I support John McCain on this issue. Please reconsider your opposing position. 16.2 million Americans are depending on you
"To come"....
You have had 7 years
Once again putting party over your people.
Not something you will be proud of.
Shameful.
How can you possibly vote to repeal with out having a good plan to replace it the same time? You've had over 7 yrs to come up with something
Remember when you were on the daily show talking about how a president trump would be like swallowing poison? You were right.
I used to like Lindsey, felt like he was one of the good guys. Sad that he has proven me wrong.
I feel like he might still be good at his core but I can be naive. I need a Mr. Smith and all we have are yessirs
Do any of your constituents even WANT you to do this anymore? Catch up. Admit you were wrong. That would garner some respect.
You all can't get anything done. You've had 7 years to get a replacement for a program that just needs some cooperation on fixing. ENOUGH
You should be ashamed.
Yeah so why?
Thanks from a small business owner here in SC who is a cancer survivor, looking forward to repealing and replacing you
thank you, repeal is what we want.
Work across the aisle. You look like fools
I just want to know when the GOP will stand up for America & do something about our delusional mentality unstable &  pathological liar pres
Shame on you!
Pick up the pace support Trump you are part of the swamp
You couldn't come up w replacement in 7 yrs. Give up- @GOP is an opposition party certainly NOT a governing one. Thats been proven in 6 mos
You will be complicit in unnecessary suffering. Senator, why not start from scratch for the sake of the We the People?
Why are you all so evil?
It only counts if 49 others voted the same way!  Are you really going to brag about DOING NOTHING ? Please try to accomplish something.
Why would you do that, Senator?  So let's repeal social security or the defense dept and work on replacing later...
This guy flys a confederate flag for sure. #Resistance
McConnell, Ryan and Trump are leading us over a cliff.  Will you help stop the precipitous drop?  I know you realize the truth of this.
Why?
Would you havedone the same if you truly believed yourself to be the deciding vote?  Time to lead , not follow, Sen. Graham.
If your collegues haven't come up with something in seven years, why will two more help?
don't repeal until you have single payer for all in place.  Talk to Maria Cantrell.  She can tell you how to fix ACA.
That a boy.  Your mother must be  so proud.  Not
Time passes, things change, and we need #bipartisanship. Please
You're psychotic.
Thanks for voting to kill people. You really do a great job representing us
You've had 7 years since the ACA became law to come up with something, anything. Work with your democratic colleagues to fix this.
Because you're a monster.
As your constituents, this is not what we asked you to do when we attended the town halls, letters & calls. Were you not listening to us?
Thank you for your honesty and service.  But, a repeal without = replacement is unacceptable.
Are you guys that hard up to erase Obama's legacy? At this point, it's so pathetic, it's sad...
Can you please help get the stats on how many Americans only pay the penalty because they can't afford OCare! Where is that number?
You will regret this decision for the rest of your life. People will die. Your Republican Party is soulless. Literally.
About time
I thought you were moderate. If I lose my healthcare I'm sitting in your office.
Ya just said that ...
Sorry to hear it. Think you'll ever come up with something better. You've had plenty of time ... need something with more tax cuts 4 the 1%?

Not ok. I hope you have to have the same plans we do. Millions will lose coverage.
No plan but I bet lots of extra $ for the yes voters. Can we pass a bill to take away their healthcare coverage and replace later?
Obamacare has literally saved my wifes life.  I'll take your vote as a big middle finger to my loved ones.
You had 7 years of attempting to repeal this and now you have nothing to replace. That is unacceptable and pathetic. Disgraceful. Resign....
How can you tweet this with any integrity? You and your peers should simply resign. Really embarrassing.....don't you think Lindsey?
Sometimes I love you and sometimes I don't. Today I don't. Shame on you for voting to remove hc from those in need.  Fix ACA.
That was inhumane and wrong. You are capable of better
Well, it didn't take you long to turn on your constituents. You and @SenatorTimScott didn't even have the guts to host one town hall.
You voted today to strip millions of affordable care. Lie all you want, we know the truth.
Your vote is an affront to America and every American.
GOP just wants our tax money and resources for their cronies. Who are we as citizens to set priorities for government spending?
You did everything you could to weaken Ocare and it's still better than all the GOP/Trump bills. You are pathetic.
If ACA were entirely repealed, it would have FORCED Dems & Repubs to work on bi-part solution. Now failure, continued gridlock. Congrats!
NO Mr. Graham, there needs to be a solid bill in place before a repeal.  <3 - A South Carolinian
I like you Sen. Graham but this wasn't your finest hour.
Wake me up when you're able to grasp that healthcare is *not* any of the businesses you folks keep treating it as part-analogous to...
Ur team had 7 yrs 2 come up w a replacement. And you still can't get your act together. Instead of tearing things down, fix what's in place.
Mr Lindsey .you dropped the ball
WRONG CHOICE!!  Listen to the American people!! THATS YOUR JOB!!
Should be charged in court of law with premeditated murder for vote, killing people for a tax break for the rich.
