#StopGorsuch w #PeoplesFilibuster #WeObject
No sir. We are awake with our humanity.
Did someone ask the venerable member of congress about how blind he was to Garland's merits or nah?
We didn't get to ask questions. He collected them on notecards, then only read 6-7 questions. So, nah. It wasn't possible to ask.
I'm glad y'all were there to keep the pressure on!
You wouldn't allow Obama a hearing on his SC choice. Your hypocrisy is showing!
Who is blinded by partisanship? Hello pot, meet kettle. #StolenSeat #MerrickGarland. Talk about #hypocrisy
Only in US judges elected,get donations from companies, than side w/them, always against the People, cause no deep pockets =corruption SHAME
We are not.where he let corporation fire a driver who merely wanted to save his own life/others alone disqualifies him, see his vid reaction
Hey Graham, I see your 'Gorsuch's merits' and raise you one purely partisan based stolen SCOTUS seat belonging to @POTUS44 & all his voters.
Trump should not be able to pick supreme court justice until after FBI results
He wanted the truck driver to freeze to death. The man has no common sense. He seems to give workers & their lives no value.
It's a stolen seat.  http://www.latimes.com/opinion/editorials/la-ed-supreme-court-nomination-20170131-story.html … The republicans set up this terrible situation.
no I was blinded by his outrageous  verdict against a truck driver who nearly froze to death. Disgusting
Senator Graham treated us to a Biden quote circa 1992, however, context...
No confirmation of Gorsuch until Trump investigation is completed by an Independent Investigation!
Oh he thinks Trump deserves same opportunities our past presidents the last 200 yrs did! It is in tweet re: Flynn & Townhall meeting. Smh
That is his excuse for changing the law in Senate to vote Gorsuch in
What a hypocrite!  http://www.nwfdailynews.com/news/20160420/gop-graham-says-next-year-for-filling-supreme-court-vacancy …
Also America wants new election that does not involve Russian influence
You are here to serve sir. Listen to your people instead of admonishing them. You have forgotten your place! You "work" for those folks!
Tell @LindseyGrahamSC: Gorsuch is not worth blowing up the Senate! Call now 202-224-5972
Like you were blinded by partisanship by not following The Constitution and allowing Prez Obama his pick.  Lindsssssay
hahahaha, a republican clown trying to claim someone else is blinded by partisanship?  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
This graham guy is ridiculous. Time to get rid of graham
It seem to be the height of hypocrisy to not see that refusing to acknowledge Merrick was blind partisanship.
Hobby Lobby is not a person! Employees deserve birth control!
Oh please. If it were about qualifications, Merrill Garland would be on the court, and you know it.
I see his merits, but I also see concerning extreme right views. Your partisanship is blinding you in other direction Mr. Graham.
I'm truly concerned that may be the case.
I informed Sen. that I was Dem. but that didn't stop me from 'Listening'.
Vote Lindsay Graham out!
Graham is a hypothetical asshole. There were no merits in trump whatsoever. Was Graham blinded by partisanship when he voted for trump?
all of you who can't see his faults see no value in we the little people! We are beneath you ,you think!
With all due respect Mr. @LindseyGrahamSC the same can be said about the Republican senate towards Merrick Garland!
TYVM!!!
Rep had the majority & used it successfully to win votes on the promise of a conservative judge. There's no end game win for Dems in this.
Im sorry there is no justifying why Merrick Garland who is equally qualified if not more so than Mr. Gorsuch wasn't given a hearing.
Kinder not to. Even Biden agreed. Either side would have used it to their advantage w/an upcoming election. Is there a useful reason now?
McConnell wrote a law article suggesting political matters shouldn't be relevant to the Senate’s consideration of a Supreme Court nomination
Meanwhile, what is the point or goal now? Fine if they just don't like Gorsuch for whatever reason, but not just revenge.
Katie Im not saying you're wrong but at least Mr. Gorsuch got a hearing and will get a vote.
@LindseyGrahamSC Not everyone in this Country is an ultra conservative....thats why.
Trump ran on a progressive, not far right platform. Gorsuch seem extreme.
He also seems to rule for big business which is what DJT needs in order to quit losing in court
Pot, meet Kettle
But you were blinded by partisanship re Garland. We can't forget that either. Not. Even. A. Hearing. Shame on all of you for that one.
I suppose you let your partisanship blind you to Garland's merits.
When you failed to act on @POTUS44 SCOTUS nomination-you started this! Obstructionism is good for both sides! Hobby Lobby is not a person!
To all of you who weren't allowed to see Garlands merits, you were blinded by the GOPs partisanship.
He means "every president except Obama" right?
The "he had over a quarter of his term so he shouldn't be allowed to pick" was BS & doesn't hold historically
Graham is the latest of R senators to reiterate the party line that no one will be confirmed during this election year. 4.20.16 Politico
4/20/16 Graham quote: "That’s why I think the 60-vote requirements are good because it requires both parties to get a handful of votes.”
Perhaps it would be prudent to delay a vote because Potus, who nom. ed him, might be impeached and, you know, IN JAIL soon!#emolumentsclause
Speak for yourself!
Or maybe we looked at his record and think he's really kind of shit?
The same is true of Merrick Garland. ..the GOP didn't care but now they ask for something they wouldn't give.
Stop with the merits and qualifications bullcrap @LindseyGrahamSC your own partisanship didn't allow Garland. Hypocrisy.
Graham: Tell that to the little guy he screwed over when he sided w/employers time after time. 
"Women shld get permission to get pregnant"!
Illegitimate president = no SCOTUS pick. BTW, you were pushed out of GOP primary w/ same tactics that Trump used to win the general election
Graham holds townhall meeting to lecture his constituents on partisanship...
Hilarious that you bring up partisanship. You taught us all how to do it in the last 8 years! Hypocrite!!!No SCOTUS seat!!
How dare you call us blind for having the guts to stand up to your Russian #disinformation scam #operationjabberwock. #gorsuch has baggage
His merits r beside the point. Garland wasn't given the hearing he deserved. Reps shouldn't be rewarded 4 circumventing the Constitution.
To all of you who can't see the larger political context and chicanery, you're blinded by partisanship.
Mr Graham are you listening?

HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! because...Garland.
You need to acknowledge problems w him many see vs this rhetoric.
how ironic. He supports Gorsuch due to his partisanship.
@GOPSenMajority lost the trust respect and angered many Americans when Judge Garland was not given a hearing.
doesn't this apply even heavier to @GOPSenMajority who Judge Garland denied the respect of a nomination hearing
I'm not blinded, Senator.I see a man who anticipated being under investigation being allowed to choose his own judge.That bothers me.
After all, by his own admission, he can "predict the future".
So, what was it that blinded Republicans to Merrick Garland's merits?  Thanks for taking hypocrisy to a startling new level.
Sir, respect that you're hosting a town hall. Concerned at the hypocrisy of this statement,  though. #doublestandard #Garland #potmeetkettle
I think you misspelled "Garland".
To all of you who can't see Garland's merits, "you're blinded by your own partisanship" @LindseyGrahamSC  Hypocrite.  Partisan.
Not partisan at all!! He's not independent!!
Garland. #stolenseat
Like how all the Repubs did to Merrick Garland?
The issue is the insult to our intelligence. Just admit Garland was naked partisanship. Stop pretending it was high-minded principle.
people are starting to realize that the GOP is stacking the wealthy against middle class, poor and minorities
What a joke. And an insult. Do you think we don't do homework and actually LOOK at his track record?
"merely more than de minimus" harmed disabled students & unanimously overturned by SCOTUS. Questioning poor decision making is not partisan.
The short term memory problem of the @GOP maybe a sign of dementia.
Garland. Garland. Garland.
That's Merrick Garland's  seat. Why didn't you see his merits?
Bahahahahahaha now that's rich coming from the constructionist GOP
It is not partisan to not want President under FBI investigation to make a lifetime appointment. If impeached, next President is still an R
Use to think that Graham was smarter than this. This year has proven me wrong!
Love the fact that SCOTUS UNANIMOUSLY over-ruled his IDEA ruling for the education of special needs students.
Wow, we should have used that quote for the GOP not giving Garland hearing, even though he was named by GOP senators as being a good choice
No, I think not. When he rules for companies rather than employees, rules against women, rules against IDEA...Not ready for SCOTUS
It's not that I can't see his merits.  It's just that I CAN see his problems.
It's clear @LindseyGrahamSC does't care what his constituents think about Gorsuch. He is beholden to special interests. Time for him to go.
He's right. If you study the actual makeup and processes of scotus, it's partisanship. I'm a Dem and he's right.
It is the senator who is blinded by his party's shameful & dangerous dereliction of duty in stiffing Garland.
Gorsuch findings overwhelmingly favored corporations, numbers are numbers not partisan
MERRICK GARLAND
If you can't see what happened to Garland was wrong, you are not the man I thought u were
So now you know how it feels.
Trump committed TREASON !!!  Wait until the investigation is OVER!
That was a softball!
Like you didn't give President Obama and Merrick Garland the courtesy and respect they deserved? Can't brush that under the rug, funny guy
Wrong Senator. You are blinded by ur own bias. NO to GORSUCH agenda of bigotry & unrealistic originalist philosophies. #StopGorsuch
How can you question partisan politics when the @GOP blocked #JudgeGarland??? #hypocrites
He may not be without merits, but he has not demonstrated as much in the course of his hearings.
As you were blinded by yours when going along with @SenateGOP to deny Garland even a hearing?  Shame on you!
And no partisanship by Rep when it came to Garland??
Wasn't it partisanship that made republicans block Garland? President under FBI investigation shouldn't get nomination.
that's been happening for the last eighty years
He could be god's gift to the universe. Doesn't matter - he's a stolen pick and should not be confirmed.
Yeah… Two wrongs don't make a right.
http://www.trade-ideas.com  ONE of A KIND
