Do your job and put America first. Republicans are destroying there own party. DO YOUR JOB
Leak this=> #ComeyDay #ComeysArmy #TraitorTrump
Exclusive: Donald Trump asked James Comey to end the Michael Flynn inquiry in February, Comey wrote in a memo then http://nyti.ms/2pROmsW 
You better come together to confront this nest of corrupt cobras...
telling Russians code word intelligence isn't enough, how about obstruction of justice?
We want to see you back Trump!
You disappoint me & the nation. Giving your interview time only to Fox where you get no "pushback questioning" is like hiding in the bushes.
We have a name for this in South Philly. It's Pussy!
He needs to shut up about Obama. Nothing...nothing he did, could even hold a candle to the wrongdoing Trump has presented to us.
These people do not vote Republican, we do keep it up and your out.

At least Obama didn't run off at the mouth like Trump did/does.
Hahahaha Fox News.
When do we start calling our President "Supreme Leader"? #askingforafriend
Erdogans bodyguards beat up Kurdish protesters...

...Oh you thought this was somewhere else? This is WASHINGTON DC
…
"Theft " was done! The rules 4 #impeachmentterritory must b applied!
This Guy is the Male version of Hillary Clinton!
Noooooo Bill Clinton is the male version of Hillary I dare even say they are offspring of Hitler.
Decent interview. I'm from SC.  Stand up for DJT more. You'll be standing up us. I despise the Dems & media controlling all, with gossip.
Support the President@lindseygrahamsc!WE Voted Donald Trump in
Please stand by him!
Republicans demand answers to how they got caught. Typical.

I voted for@Trump because I am tired of Republicans not fighting back. Support Trump!!
I am an SC voter
@LindseyGrahamSC thinks he's Sen. McCain's clone; must suck carrying a check with McCain first list all day; AZ and SC are way apart
2018 slogan REPEAL & REPLACE the Republicans
Graham is right about one thing... need to ID the leakers....
Good morning 
Trump and Turkey's authoritarian strongman, Erdogan, met yesterday. Both had a son-in-law advising at the meeting, in official positions.
You people don't know you a** from a hole in the ground. If FBI director was so concerned, he should have taken it to attorney general.
This concerted effort of long knives out to destroy Pres  Trump is about destroying our party. Gut the vile connivers, @LindseyGrahamSC.
thanks for stepping up the RT game! You are doing a great job, especially using the account to promote your own! #illegal
Bush thought Putin was a friend.  Obama and Hillary blamed Bush for poor relations.  Reset.  Trump should have same try.

@LindseyGrahamSC  He did, Lindsey.  He documented it and went on with the investigation, like he should. https://twitter.com/nataliewsj/status/864606889795096576 …
At this point- it's no longer about Donald Trump.   This is fully about the shockingly BAD behavior of Republicans
The Potus is a dangerous unfit narcissistic buffoonish Traitor.  Shocking to watch the GOP willfully self implode. 2/2
Americans believe Patriot whistleblowers areNOT leakers! Graham is more upset by the Potus being OUTED as incompetent than he is 1/2
nauseating to listen to these Republican apologists for this grotesquely unfit behavior just becs Trumps "their guy".
Given up on you, @LindseyGrahamSC

This is INSANE. Erdogan’s goons rough up Kurdish protesters ON EMBASSY ROW, as D.C. cops valiantly try to stop them. https://twitter.com/VOATurkish/status/864631567972540417 …
I see you. What do you have cover up???
It's time to stop all your Bullshit Rage! Grown a set of nuts and do something about Trump
You need to remove the Putin lackey from the WH.
With all due respect Senator Graham....WAKE UP AND SMELL THE COFFEE! THE WRITING IS ON THE WALL! Sincerely The CItizens of The United States
P.S. Now you know where the leaks came from! Your boy Trump did that. Now....What are you going to do for the people YOU REPRESENT?
You can DO THE RIGHT THING now! Show us that you care.
END what's going on in the WH for good!
This link damage our security and also is a felony
Lesson number one: Don't underestimate the other guy's greed! @SpeakerRyan @LindseyGrahamSC  @SenateMajLdr
It's time The GOP grows a pair of balls & become American Patriots rather than party loyalist!
Had to pay restitution to Russia and Israel . I believe 2000 a year earlier or later
Here of Russian Jews ? Airliners go back and forth to Russian and Israel , 2000 Ukrainians terrorist shot down an airliner and the Ukraine
Your country is run by a New York Hugo chavez and you dont wanna read a memo? Wanna read a political obituary?

With all due respect Mr Graham. The question is not why was Comey not more active? It's why the entire GOP isn't active now? RIP entire GOP
Take a step in the right direction and drop fake fox news interviews. most disgusting non news show on tv who LIES for trump & his minions.
Cmon Sen @LindseyGrahamSC this is a huge deal. Stand up against incompetence and corruption.
We have had enough! U must STAND UP & STOP Don the Con, a RUSSIAN spy is in our WH. Republicans, unite with Democrats & immediately IMPEACH!
of course Obama had to be mentioned- how stupid do you think American electorate is?
feel like there r no checks & balances 4 president or even justice dept... Trump, Sessions, even kushner, now McMasters can't be trusted!
Shame on you Graham! The "leak" was Trump, and he is putting our nation ever more in peril. Step up and impeach damn it!
come on senator, haven't you had enough of trump? Get rid of him and do America's work!
STEP UP SENATOR GRAHAM
One Good thing about Trump, He's dragging the republican party down with him... I'm loving it.. Thanks Donny
There is no comparison between Trump and Obama's sharing of classified info You are being misleading and manipulative
HE should have quit? If he had "done something" i.e. brought to judiciary cttee, what would y'all have done? Zilch.
Sen. Lindsey Graham (R., S.C.) re: @nytimes report. "If this happened the FBI director should have done something about it or quit."
IN (one breath) "CLEARLY the President didn't do anything illegal" (2nd breath)"but it's a crime to take classified information" #WhichIsIt?
Your integrity is in a complete tailspin.  I regret ever looking at you with respect. Also, what "classified info" was leaked by staff?
Really disappointed you spend time & tweets knocking Obama & mystery sources while Leaker in Chief squeaks by w/o scorn. #CountryOverParty
The leakers are American heroes
The problem Senator, is the GOP in Washington is not doing their job. So thank God 4 leakers, they r heros. Citizens demand better from DC
When is this ass and the rest of the GOP going to do something about treason in the Trump administration.
For crying out loud DO SOMETHING! He needs to go! Be a patriot, be a hero. Country in peril
I used to think you were one of the decent few; not any more.  What do they have on you that is bad enough to make you turn on your country?
hahaha. Rule of law. that's a good one.
Nobody cares about the leakers or the leaks! They r patriots! They r leaking the treason coming frm the mobster in the oval office!
Worthless impotent traitor GOP corrupt liars-that stand by as country   & democracy are being destroyed while lining their bank accounts
Spineless fake patriot.
America needs leadership. Senator, step up! Trump has endangered American military, provoked enemies, and threatened allies. Stop him now!
Mr. Graham your cake is always half baked. I hear you talk n talk about punishing russia. The enemy is in ur house. U fed ur ppl 2thenemy?
Fox reporters relief at being able 2 quote 'ah ok so Obama did stuff like that didn't he' palpable. Except he actually tested with community
Also, the "Obama" situation can be easily distinguised. You said "he wanted to share & we pushed back." Meaning he asked-Trump merely spouts
Screw the leak, we want justice! America first.
Mr. Graham, You are a national hero for pursuing the truth.  COUNTRY BEFORE POLITICS!  Thank you, Sir!
Mr Graham are you still for the country? Speak up like real man sir. There r choices you know. Dont beat around the bush. Man up.
Very disappointed to hear you say "he did nothing wrong." He jeopardized our relationship with the Intel World & put source's life at risk.
Also, these "leakers" R essentially Whistle blowers who can't stand the lies & corruption. I am thankful they are willing to risk it 4 truth
Not only that, Trump's leaking to Russia put ALL citizens at risk. And Flynn would still be sitting in the WH were it not for leaks 
It's not the same at all... You aren't pushing on this at all #LoserGraham! What a fking joke!
#Complicit right senator?   #TrumpRussia
We Republicans want answers to @realDonaldTrump actions.  Midterm elections are not that far off and we want him out of our @WhiteHouse.
GOP spineless cowards.  One horrific transgression after another. Come probably thought he was only one that would hold Trump accountable.
Something to think about:when he goes down, you will be right behind him, if you don't stand up for this country & it's people. Last term.
You pushed back hard at Obama. Why aren't you pushing hard on Trump. This isn't the first thing he's done, and it won't be the last.
We know who the leaker is- he admitted it in a Tweet this AM- start calling for an independent investigation NOW #TrumpLeaks #trumprussia
You are putting our Country in risk of a terrorist attack. Go ahead let the liar see the Pope. You guys stink for this BS
The rule of law is destroyed when elected officials stand by and allow an ignorant, wreckless president to compromise national security.
Israel now being sold out by Lindsey Graham. They will side with Trump no matter what he does. He's their dictator and they've sworn fealty.
@LindseyGrahamSC a full-fledged member of #RussiaGOP #trumprussia, CHOOSING PARTY OVER COUNTRY & making LAME EXCUSES for an UNFIT @POTUS.
Don't you mean alleged Intel leak?  It's not a confirmed fact just because Washington Post publishes a story.
Mr. Obama ran it through channels first and didn't share with Russia?  If true, that is way different than what Mr. Trump did.
STOP discussing and start subpoena-ing, Senator @LindseyGrahamSC . You are a chairman, I think.
Senator do your job and hold this either reckless or ignorant  potus accountable
He spen more time telling what he and McCain did to Obama what the hell is he and McCain doing about SCROTUS and the RUSSIANs?
thank you for standing up for the president.
Senator Graham had strong leadership points and advice.  Please follow his advice and lead. He knows what is best for SC and the nation.
Two peas in a pod!
@EWErickson says he knows ONE of the leakers, so he knows there are more...what does he know?
@FoxNews wants @GOP abandon Trump #HRC Opinion: When will Republicans apologize to Hillary Clinton? - Fox News
.@LindseyGrahamSC I'm trusting you to find out who the leaker is that @EWErickson knows, so he/she can be punished, like you said.
Was he asked if he would stand up for the rule of law?
It was Israel. Now Iran's got it. He's crossed a line & he won't recover. He's dangerous +/or incompetent & he's got to go, for all of us.
* I realize you didn't know that here. *
Funny, he criticizes those who would skirt the law for the greater good; that's the same MO Republicans/Trumpies openly and loudly condone.
You REALLY BELIEVE that once Putin's Bitch has all power, he is going to SHARE IT? You ALL will be perceived Threats to this petulant child!
The GOP seem to always harken back to something the DNC did wrong previously.
Why don't you GROW A PAIR ALREADY??! Whatever he's promised, whatever goods you've been sold is just more B.S. from a Con man!
I won't watch Fox, thx anyway.
@LindseyGrahamSC Disgusting again, How can you possibly argue he did nothing wrong?  No allies will want to share intel with u now, Not cool
And it's even more hilarious that Obama did check without going forward. Great job giving FOX their talking point. #staterunmedia
Great whataboutism @LindseyGrahamSC I thought you didn't like Russian tactics 
Shameful he can't push back against Trump sharing with Russians like he did with Obama. Country before party Senator
News flash; Democrats are defending anything Trump is against
Senator Graham, you should not be giving interviews to RIS agencies that are running interference for Vladimir Putin.
News flash; Democrats are defending Russia
Sir, this desperate attempt at "but Obama"-style distraction is absurd and beneath you.
Umm if you're looking for leaks my Pet he's in the White House!
So much winning 

#LickAWitch
News flash; Democrats are defending North Korea
Sugar Honey Ice Tea
News flash; Democrats are defending Israel
Unbelievable. Graham is minimizing this and comparing it to things Obama did.
God forbid or should I say Allah
Sir Trump made his staff look like fools again! He needs to be put on a short leash ! Good lord what a mess!
