seriously?? that's ALL you have to say? this is an outrage
Smart guy.  Don't be upset with his demeanor.  He's getting ready to pounce hard.
just tired of waiting
He stated he's going after 45's business dealings earlier today.  That will include tax returns.  This guy isn't playing anymore.
I'll believe it when I see it
He was effective during the Yates inquiry.  I'll give him the opportunity to produce.
I truly hope you are right-why even tweet this at all?
Optics.
Oh come ON! You are someone who usually puts country before party! This is the most obvious cover up! Stand up for our democracy! Plz!!
@LindseyGrahamSC has NEVER put country before Party. Where have you been the last 10 years?
exactly
SO frustrated you miss the implications of this firing + the way it was done + the slander of someone you appreciate. Don't let me/us down!
@LindseyGrahamSC you're taking heat b/c people perceive your recent deference 2 @realDonaldTrump 2 be an unnatural act for someone w/courage
You ate full of it he did it to help hide the Russia,Trump effect
You've gotta be kidding me. I expected you to take this seriously. My bad. Counting on GOP to fight corruption is a lost cause.
Stop it. Just stop it. You know he wasn't fired because of poor performance. It could arguably be possible, but we all know that's not why.
DO SOMETHING
The Klepublicans won't do anything as long as Uncle Vova cuts them in on the goodies.
Cmon Lindsey. Do your job!
Let's just fire the person leading the investigation into trump Russia ties.
if you were honest just the once, perhaps we wouldn't be voting you out.  You're not stupid, you know its bullshit
I hope @SenJohnMcCain doesn't let you sit at his lunch table today. #ComeyFiring
Says a true enemy of the republic old Turtleneck
Bullshit -- you supported him when he was blabbing about an ongoing investigation, now you support his firing as he was redeeming himself.
Sir this is not politics as usual...a man was fired by a president being investigated with no replacement ready, this IS A COVERUP
Who wants graham's seat? It's going to be available soon.. assuming democracy is still around!
It wasn't a difficult decision. He wouldn't put a stop to the investigation, which needs a #SpecialProsecutor btw, so he was fired.
Are you joking? This is obstruction of justice and you're part of it if you just tsk tsk on the sidelines. Country before party.  Step up.
Comey should have and could have done a better job "unmasking" leakers and conclude this Russian blame game for Hillary losing.
Was it really difficult?Hilarious U can have these thoughts, type them, read them and it doesn't dawn on you what a hypocrite you are.
So desperate for a "win" that you'll literally accept being complicit in anything no matter how terrible? Never voting GOP again. Ever.
Senator - you of all people understand the seriousness of the RU interference. Your integrity is at stake. Be on the right side of history.
Trey Gowdy!!
Now we need an independent council! Please ask for one, it is imperative to our democracy. #trumpRUSSIA
Hey Senator stop covering for this guy Trump. Gonna turn Usa into banana republic
How can you go along with this flagrant effort to distort the investigation? Where are your principles?
Amen!
Please stand up for our democracy Senator Graham. Put country before party & check the authoritarian demagogue in the white house.
You certainly disappoint huge when the nations national security is at risk. The answers need to be had and this is not getting them
C'mon-Comey obviously was turning over the right rocks-time to stand up for our country Senator
Disappointed in you Senator Graham. Just plain disappointed. You must call for an independent prosecutor. Country over politics Senator.
Are you blind to the pattern here?Yates, Bharara, Comey.All investigating Trump, all fired. Join your fellow Rs with the courage to speak up
Don't get off point. You KNOW it is not THAT he was fired  It was WHEN & HOW. America wants truth. #russiagate #coverup #SpecialProsecutor
What angers me the most about you is you say you care about country first, yet you NEVER respond to comments.
Why fire him now?? It sure can't be about Hillary. You were all just fine with that before the election. 
I'm so disappointed in your statement. Trump waited until Comey was out of town and Comey finds out via a TV screen at the back of the room
The timing is odd. The devil is in the details. If you are not going to help the USA, I hope you don't hinder those trying to save the USA.
Our democracy is at stake here, as it's never been before. Remove your lips from DT's behind & put your country first.
NOT! It was a well planned event to throw heat off Russia, Sally Yates & request for financials by intel committee. You & GOP are complicit.
What????  U r one of the few Republicans who I thought would stand for what is right.U know better Mr. Graham. Be the strong leader u can be
I have the greatest respect for u Senator but u know Comey was fired 2 obfuscate & impede the #Trump/Russia investigation; don't let it
POTUS, White House @HouseGOP @SenateGOP have lost the confidence of America including @GOP Voters
but why now?
Look I'm? a fan of yours, but you know this firing is complete bull. This was to kill the Russia investigation. Period.
You must push for a Special Prosecutor. Our democratic checks and balances are in jeopardy.
Time to support an independent prosecutor to look into the Russian connection to the Trump campaign. Patriots have no other choice

Open your closet and find a spine buddy. Even Richard Burr is calling this bullshit.
You're standing at a fork in the road, sir. You are either an American standing up in the face of #Treason, or you are complicit in the act.
You must appoint an independent prosecutor.
Your tweet is reassuring among a lot of controversy. Thank you.
Comey should have been fired a long time ago!!!
Nothing about this administration is normal. How can you be so unconcerned with the possible slide toward authoritarianism? Russian attack?
I am so confused about you. I believed in your courage, independence, love of our system of governance, and rule of law. Please reconsider
That's an understatement. This either ends badly for democracy or focuses spotlight on likely Trump/Sessions guilt!
Please. Do not try to bs us.
Unacceptable stance from you. We can see what's happening here. Choose - your nation or Trump.
This is part of the cover up.We are not stupid
Trump is is even less able to lead the country now than before. Take the lead to remove him from the presidency, sir.  Country over party!
you just found your role as #dictatorspoodle killing US democracy
As person that respect you very much,  I think you sure stay away from President because the man not honest and your better that.
Stand up!! Do what's right!! Our democracy depends on you.
We're relying on your character at this time.  Trump needs to go...
Need a private investigator NOW
#impeachTrumpnow  or you gotta with him
Appoint a #SpecialProsecutor already! Quit being a partisan hack and #DoYourJob !
This undermines separation of powers and faith in democracy. You are playing into Putin's hands. Demand independent prosecutor.
Supporting the president's  decision to fire the person who is investigating the president IS NOT WISE.
#America DEMANDS #SpecialProsecutor appointed by Congress. If you want America to ever trust you you must have a #INDEPENDANTINVESTAGATION
Senator Graham @GOP @TheDemocrats you know Comey firing was because of #TrumpRussiaInvestigation Nunes started this obstruction. Now Trump
Independent investigation NOW
Special prosecutor, Lindsey.  Special prosecutor.
There is no matter of good you can do that will undo supporting Trump on this historical tragedy. Be a patriot. Put country before party.
Congress, plz dig deep in2 your respective pasts & recall why u wanted your job in the first place. #GetItDoneOrGetOut #WeThePeople #BeAHero
I was so proud of you during Sally Yates. Then u tweet this about Comey. INDEPENDANT COUNCIL
What service ? His defense of Hillary Clinton ? Her lying/deception ?
Bullshit and you know it.
Difficult? You mean distraction.  America needs an independent investigator into @POTUS Russian ties.
Being duped by this is one reason I can't move back to South Carolina after growing up there.
extremely disappointed you've come out in favor of this decision, knowing  well the explanation is 100% bogus, and is conflict of interest
A difficult decision? The @POTUS fired the man investigating him for collusion with Russia?!?! Are you fucking high?
You are back-pedalling. You don't believe in this decision. Do something. Stand up. Country before party.
So what kind of compromising information do the Russians have on you? I imagine it involves you and a domme
What a dirty unprofessional way 2 FIRE someone.Comey sees it on TV? 45 thinks he's still on the Apprentice? Undignified way 2 fire anyone!
It was difficult for 45 to come up with a good excuse to fire the man investigating him for treason. Yes, I'm sure it was.
Please file a bill of impeachment to remove Donald Trump from office. #ImpeachTrump Obstruction of justice erodes our democracy...
You sir, are a coward
are you willing to go down in history as a part of this mess? on the wrong side?
Think about this:

Fired by Trump:
Sally Yates
Preet Bharara
James Comey

Investigating Trump:
Sally Yates
Preet Bharara
James Comey
please put country before politics and insist on an independent investor.
Not really.  They've got a lot to cover up!  Decision wasn't the least bit hard.
Represent ALL Americans.
AMERICANS WANT AN *INDEPENDENT* INVESTIGATION!!! 
Your ass better stand up for the country and not just being a good little republican. I'm a liberal but I know you love this country.
This is blatant obstruction. If you stand by now & do nothing, history will remember you as a coward who enabled a dictator. #TrumpRussia
thank you sir, for being an American before a republican. Democracy needs heroes today. Please be that hero. Indpt invest
You don't care anything about a top counterterrorism expert like Comey, you care only about protecting Trump and you'll lose your seat now.
Please support Trey Goudy or L Gomert for FBI director
Man up!!! At least the Republicans under Nixon knew they had to right a horrible wrong, what a shame u & your colleagues can't do the same
This wasn't difficult, and we all know it. Trump is scared and he thinks he can do whatever he wants. STOP ENABLING HIM!
Trump wanted to do more than fire Comey-he wanted to humiliate him-finds  out he is fired from a news story.
This is insane. The timing is highly suspect. It looks so bad. There's no rational explanation for handling it this way
@postandcourier You sir should be ashamed of yourself. You been in DC too long!!
Get on the right side of this. Are you an American or not? You know this is BS.
damn I feel bad u were my first choice for POTUS. I thought u had the guts to stand for country over party. 

Special 
Prosecutor
NOW
DON'T BE A COWARD OR A SELL OUT.
Again disappointed that you are choosing party not what's right and wrong.
This is far beyond partisan politics, please be an American first.
Call John. You are not thinking this through
thats crap...what good has he done...his weak, incompetant, and part of the sewer swamp....grow a pair lindsey
You know something is seriously wrong with this situation. What are they paying you? We will never have free elections again because of you.
This is ridiculous whitewashing by you, Senator. Do you think we believe a word of this?
We need a special investigator and independent committee now. Be on the right side of History. We will remember. Cover up
Un-fucking-Acceptable!!!!!!
Do better Lindsey. You have to face your constitutes!
The President fired the guy investigating his White House. This cannot stand
We need an independent investigation NOW! The smell from this firing is absolutely putrid!
A lot of us (Dems and Repubs) are looking to you for leadership and courage. This is about the health of our country
Get a damn backbone and investigate treasonous Trump not applaud him for trying to cover his was. 
Special prosecutor now.  You are an AMERICAN!  History will judge you!
INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR - time to PROVE you are a PATRIOT
Be a aprofile in courage tomorrow -please ask for a special prosecutor #Leadership
Time for a Special Prosecutor on Trump + Russia. You know it in your heart. Please be a leader. Be a patriot.
it's treason sir. You need to get on board or get off the bus.  Party before Country isn't going very well for either party right now.
Big fan, but Jesus, who at White House has pictures of you with a goat? Find your balls.
your day is coming shortly!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAA!!!! Party over country, as usual.
Please speak out against this u our losing respect
Are you kidding Senator? Put your country furst
Do you ever read your tweet responses? Can you fucking read?
Do you support a special prosecutor for the Russia investigation?
Country first. Party second. Loyalty third!
The people of SC deserve a better answer. #COMEY #fbi #IndependentInvestigation
Russia over Party over Country.

I thought we had corrupt politicians, but you guys are over the top. So glad I'm not American.
Bull shit @realDonaldTrump  fired him because he was investigating Russian ties. Nor to mention Sally and Preet
Then do the right thing and recommend a special prosecutor. #countryoverparty
Please stay vigilant. I feel as though you are the only one standing up to this madness.
Demand an independent investigation.  Don't go soft on us.
Nonsense. Trump ship is lilting in the water. Taking on water by the hour. The rats will soon be running. Time to decide-trump or USA?
As a Pub must respectfully disagree. This is just plain WRONG.
Big thumbs down, @LindseyGrahamSC.  You are going to find yourself on the wrong side of this.  Weak partisan response.
IT WAS NOT HARD FOR THEM! REALLY! YOU DO NOT POSSIBLY THINK THAT! SIR WHAT IF HE IS GUILTY AND YOU HELP COVER UP INVESTIGATION!#TRUMPGATE

History will remember you as a coward.
100% of Senators at hearing vowed to 'never let it happen again'.  Dems meant Russian hacking but Repubs meant 'Getting CAUGHT'.  Despicable
This is your reaction???
Shame on you! I was so proud of you. You are now complicit with this sham administration. Independent prosecutor now!
Yea this is BS - party before nation your sounding like Storm Thurmond in 1920
Stop the partisan support of the obvious  coverup please. Fed prosecutors issued subpoenas on Flynn folks for the grand jury!!!
Richard Nixon all over again. How many people did he fire to cover up for watergate. Whatever the truth the optics are bad for Trump
It is time for you to choose. History is watching.
Senator Graham please continue to put country first. This has been shocking and disappointing. Please continue to investigate Russia/Trump
Wow et tu Lindsey? How can you defend this action? Huge error in judgement. Party over country, pretty unfortunate.
You've got to be joking
Difficult my hind foot. Self servers with no conscience rarely find hurting others difficult.
BS Graham grow a pair!
You remember what you said about your party during the campaign primary? still true but now the Bat is in charge. And u just stepped in it
This is your chance. Don't blow it.  So far you are a total bootlicker.
Talk is cheap, actions speak louder that false words. DIFFICULT? He sent his bg to do his bidding. No respect for the man that u appreicate.
C'mon Lindsey!
Term limits next...drain the swamp #maga
Sooner or later someone has to stand up for this country. For democracy. For the dignity in a more perfect union. You have that ability.
what is the matter with you? Where is your loyalty to America?! To the American people?! To democracy?!
