and I am confident it's a beautiful day in SC. Did you see Trumps unhinged press conference. He is so scattered, dangerous
REALLY? The guy who now thinks BO's 77th straight month of job creation (1 month after tRUMP in office) is "suddenly" real?
Impeach Trump. Unhinged, uninformed, ignorant, childish with his hands on the red button. Get rid of this Bozo LIAR
#impeachTrump. Now, please.
This isn't going to go away. @gop
he seems positively gleeful about cutting aid to poor people children the elderly and famine victims. You must be so proud
Totally disagree with mulvaney and trump's cuts! Make America go down the tubes!
: "kick russia in the ass"... sure #putinpuppet @realDonaldTrump is gonna lick russia in the ass 
How can you sit back while Trump spins out of control?Shameful  to put your job before the country! Man up and do something
PLEASE START ACTING LIKE YOUR A REP. AND SUPPORT POTUS, YOUR LIKE A LIBERAL DEM.
We the citizens of the United States and South Carolina want to see @POTUS tax returns.
Demand Trump taxes.
I do not consider this an acceptable person. You are missing the point of representing the people. Will you listen?
Please vote NO on what was H Res 69 that I think passed the house today, for more harassment of wildlife. Thank you
Mulvaney: single moms and coal miners shouldn't have to pay for PBS. Me: should have to pay for the war machine and wall?
Mick Mulvaney's twitter page is in RUSSIAN

It is up to you to keep this administration in check. This is not a joke. Not talking against equals condoning.
dear Lindsay stop your war mongering against Russia a nuclear country for the planet,for humanity,for peace and for all
lives in the solar system and other lives in the galaxies they matter as well
If YOU like him, there must be something very wrong with him.
Hope he's more reliable than Lt. Gen. Flynn.
but nobody is seriously listening in the white house!
Sorry, but you have lost all credibility by supporting DeVos and Tillerson.
Senator Graham,  all the wise advice in the world doesn't mean a thing, consider the advisee before making such a statement
Your kidding right our budget is the least of the problems how'd you like that press conference
hey how'd you like your presidents pressor you and McCain better figure something out
sounds like the people are confident you'll lose your job if you pander to the Birther-in-chiefs will. Enjoy your last term
In other words, real Patriots should protest Mick. You are the opposite of what this Nation needs.
Catch the rambling, lying, idiot POTUS (Psycho of Treasonous Urinary Stuff)? As he Fs up world, how far Rs?
great!  Who is going to investigate Trump's connections to Russia?  #realnews
I'm not confident the administration will listen
Respectully disagree. Mulaney wants to defund SS, going back on promise made to Americans, who depend on it.
I can't be as certain as you. Trump has shown no ability to listen to wise voices.
white male reality lmao, get a life.
Only way Mulvaney will be able to do that, is if he brings with him maps, torches, and a set of Sherpa guides. #WHclueless
Another unqualified crook, USA needs! Fineberg & Jefferson Beauregard lead treason investigations? Good (R) work.
Curious about the new labor sec. nominee.
~ I did not believe I'd see the day when you and Sen. McCain would vote differently. Alas, it only takes a Mulvaney.
investigate Trump!
it will be an amazing day when you get voted out.
yes that makes me know for sure Trump is up to no good for anyone but him.Do you all not think to protect our country
Our(soon to be ex-)NATO allies have resorted to spying on USA so they know what Trump is really doing.Our Allies, Mr Graham
no one can do that have to have a thinking person in there and that little Nazi that talked for Trump says it all don't it
it is funny that you think Trump will listen to good advice.  Or hire good people.
he don't know how
the American people deserve the truth!
Disappointed you voted for someone who wants to cut Medicare and social security by 25%.
The Republicans seem to be skirting around whats going on with Trump and Russia,  he needs to be investigated .
a# pray changes will be made next Election. We are remembering who cares about ALL Americans
That before or after he recommends cutting the military budget. You are the definition of a chicken hawk
His advice on Social Security is not 'wise', Senator. We are not amused by his ignorance & will certainly take him to task.
.@LindseyGrahamSC I'm confident he'll mess w/Social Securiy & Medicare, screwing my MIL over.  No thank you
I'm sure he is putin approved
uh oh.  I don't think they're drinking buddies on this one.
I'll be voting "no" on Rep. Mulvaney's nom to be OMB Director b/c I support @POTUS's pledge to rebuild the military http://bit.ly/2lMzX2R 
are you confident that our President isn't being blackmailed? DO YOUR JOB!!!!!
Yes I want to give my SS to the Party of Putin
Too bad you guys folded on @AndyPuzder. Spineless...
.@mwithem @LindseyGrahamSC @AndyPuzder withdrew his name, they didn't fold. If you're going to be outraged, at least be informed.
I am informed. A group of GOP senators told McConnell that they would not vote for Puzder so he withdrew.
Super. Now do your job and investigate #Trump and his administration, otherwise we'll deem you complicit in all of this.
?  Research & verify what u read. Only law broken was spying on Flynn's phone call. No proof of "Russian" hacking
Your yes vote was sufficient, Lewis.
