That's not how this is supposed to work, Lindsey.
How then is it supposed to work
You want to have the final text of a bill before you vote to debate the text of a bill.
You mean like Obamacare
No it wasn't
This is not what democracy look like, and you know it.
So what does it look like, the last 8 years, if that's your belief then you don't know what it looks like.
Obamacare was passed with all parties at the table. Hearings, meetings and town halls. That's what democracy looks like
Where were you living, because that's not what happened. To quote Nancy Pelosi you must pass it to know what's in it.
The same is happening with this bill. Nobody knows what's on it.
You're right and it should be stopped and they should vote on a simple clean repeal
I had great insurance before obamacare because I worked and paid for it but now it's awful coverage with high deductible and copay.
If you had O care you had no insurance. The deductibles were horrible!! This meant in a sense you had none.
Why? 2 prove ur loyalty? Whatever 'arm twisting' was used 2 get ur support, all that's need 4 u 2 free urself is 2 rebel. Others will follow
Rebel yes yes rebel just vote clean repeal
No. Vote against allowing this motion to proceed.
Why?
If repeal happens at 4 pm then we should see 20 million dead bodies by what 6 pm.
No replacement just clean repeal
Why repeal? Why not work with Dems to improve ACA? Move beyond "repeal" rhetoric to work on a truly bipartisan solution.
This is a joke. No hearings. No experts. No analysis. No openness. Not even a whiff of bipartisanship. Short term political calculation only
Senator Graham reallyare you really trusting Paul to stand by his word?I believe in  you because you are a man of honor God help us.
Come on Senator Graham. You don't always have to be in charge. You are not. Just help!!!
Read up, Senator.
SEVEN AND ONE-HALF YEARS! You had 7-1/2 yrs to get this discussed, debated & ready! Now?! Now you're moving on to "debate?!" What nonsense!
Sen Graham look in your heart,this GOP Un Healthy Bill is a death sentence for many US Citizens like your Parents,sisters,brotbers, VOTE NO
Thank you for voting yes
Ask the insurance companies why they leave and bump up their premiums. It's b/c of the uncertainty you created. Thanks for screwing us over.
what's the replacement?
We cover the truly needy and everyone else is going to have to take personal responsibility and work. 127.34M working can't cover all 330M.
actual unemployement isn't over 50%.  Its closer to 10%  trump approved number now.
That's full time workers.
your argument is that's it's close to 50% correct?
127.34M are employed full time.
as well as federal taxes for relief progams in Ocare.....
There are part time workers but part time isn't going to cover much of single payer premiums. What do you think?
Your constituents don't want this Senator Graham
I certainly don't want it replaced, just REPEALED!
Only because it's from Obama, because none of you have anything better to replace it with... JUST FIX THE PROBLEMS don't reinvent the wheel
Did you see a new bill before you voted?
Booooo
Why do you have your integrity blowing in the wind? You are one of the Republican senators I've respected. What is it worth losing respect?
Can we repeal and replace Trump ?
Loyalty lunch or dinner. He gave out your phone number because you begged him for something. He insulted McCain. #betrayer #LiarinChief
There in lies the key. Both sides must sit together, deliberate and formulate solutions. Dems never learned the process.
You are better than this Senator. WAY better than this. People of SC and all of USA deserve better. #StopPartisanship #GetItRight
He's not better than this. This is who he is.
Preach
Come talk to my fucking patients, explain to them what they're supposed to do. A lot of them are kids so you can practice talking to @POTUS
Good luck. I haven't even spoken to a human that works for Lindsey Graham since the cabinet hearings. Six months of voicemail.
Ditto. Ugh.
Give up your health care then vote
I'm sure your grandmother would be so proud 
ACA was working - needs fixing and inclusion for all! Stand up for healthcare for all!  Grow a pair! @GOP
Stop killing us.
I'm shocked, I didn't think liberals were in favor of debate?
Repealing w/o a replacement that's as good as or better than ACA is dangerous and irresponsible
THANK YOU.  let's put it out in the table and debate the path
Take as long as you can, preventing Trump from making recess appointments, if you know what I mean. Thank you very much.
You better get off that #DACA  as well. You republicans need some backbone. Get it done. Have Trumps back. Libs driving narrative
ACA is a disaster.  Clean repeal and get gvt out of our healthcare.  #freemarket will lower cost and create more choice.
Or, u could just focus on repairing what doesn't work & ask urself why it's so important to repeal.  Whose agenda is that anyway?
That is disappointing. The a dark day for the Senate.
I support the motion too!
And Senate must vote on it! 

There are several republicans who have waited until they really had to say NO!
Let us settle this healthcare debate as a country!!  The truth of it is, neither party can solve this problem without the other guys' help!
So please continue this debate, and we let our democratic institutions do their work!!

GOP will do the right thing!
"Begin debate... on a plan..." Sounds distant.
THE SENATE & CONGRESS SECRETLY VOTED FOR THEMSELVES A NO PAY HEALTHCARE PLAN.  GIVE OUR HEROIC VETERANS YOUR PLAN  & YOU TRY THE VA....
Do you like pulling wings off of flies along with dumping granny out of her nursing home? #shameonyou
You disappoint me.
Despicable
Please making controlling costs and premiums a priority in this debate! Neither #ACA nor #BCRA address this problem
FIX ACA YOU NOOBS
Lindsay your to busy sucking John McCain's dick to do anything , your just another do nothing RINO
Why do you hate Obama? Is it because he's black? Black and intelligent? Broke all of your stereotypes about black me and that angers you?
Your buddy John gets his brain tumor treated by govt HC, but you'll take ours
No repeal. Fix. GOP sabotaged it and continue to sabotage. For pete sake don't take it away from I'm millions who count on it to survive.
But you don't have a better plan.
I watched a friend bury her 9 yoa daughter from brain tumor like McCain's explain today to her and her two small children
When will you listen to constituents? We DON'T WANT #Trumpcare! Either work with Dems to fix ACA or LEAVE IT ALONE!
Why? Why are you willfully creating this chaos in our lives?
Can't help noticing the anemic number of "Likes" for this Tweet. Did you happen to notice that as well Senator?  #SaveOurCare
Lindsey gets this one right.  Good Job Senator.
Proceed to vote on what exactly? What is in the bill you are proceeding on? What CBO score did it receive?
Sad
Why do you need to vote to debate? Why haven't you been debating since Jan? Why does healthcare hang on vote 4 convos you're meant to have?
Appalling. UnAmerican. You disappoint me and let all SC citizens down. Shameful day.
Why are you so afraid of Trump? I know tiny hands are creepy, but you could show some spine. Can't wait until you are replaced by a Dem..
7 1/2 years the CORRUPT @GOP HAS HAD.
I think the GOP needs to drop repeal. No one cares or believes it in repeal JUST FIX IT
You need to rethink your decision making process.
 how is this moron getting elected?
Every time I think there's hope with you, you pull this party over people crap.
I'll fight to prevent your reelection every day.
Where is my "dislike" button?
If the GOP cant create a viable healthcare plan in 8 yrs, what makes me believe you will have  1 if you repeal but not replace? #KillTheBill
I thought for a second this post was by @JensenAckles. So confusing.

Wrong move Senator
A retired Marine who spent half my career in training and ed, why through the entire ACA out! Fix what needs to be fixed. RESPECT 4 U.
Your grandchildren and great grandchildren will be ashamed to say they are related to you.  Trumpis sucking all of you down to his level.
Shame on you for being a coward.  It's disgusting and sad that you chose to go this route. Your legacy will not be a positive one.
(2) first & serving his POTUS & HIS constituents! He is a man among men when he stands up to a promise that was made by the Rep Party!
(1) This man is serving his Country to help those who otherwise would not have health care! This man is putting his Rep Party -
Never mind that there's no need for a repeal except that a black man did what you guys were "thinking" about since Nixon.
You will go down with Trump.  Your grandchildren will read about you as part of the most shameful period in history. Disgusting.
Pathetic.  Grow some balls.  You will go down in history as a weak rep, who did NOT speak for his constituents but put party first.
You're kidding, right? There will be no debate. The GOP has demonstrated their plan is to pass something, anything without thought.
What a horrible thing to do. Voters will not forget.
Well good for you. Start acting like a conservative. About time.
It won't be debated and you and McCain know it.  Party over country every fucking time!
Please do it in a #Bipartisan way!  (If only #Bipartisan would trend...)
Lindsey kissing more party ass. Is it hard not having a spine? Or are you just devoid of any decency?
Wrong choice. You just fucked America
Shame on you, sir.
Why
What one heck of guy; he spoke of unity which is what we need.  Maybe our executive leadership can learn from this stance.....DAM Good
And this surprises who ? Repubs like a pack of dogs
@LindseyGrahamSC would you take john McCain's healthcare away today? NO. So don't take ours. We all deserve to be covered when we are sick.
CLEAN REPEAL ONLY!
New healthcare should have been done debating, packaged up and on POTUS desk first week. GOP had 6-7 years to get it ready. Geez.
You have been debating this for 7 years and the country doesn't want your draconian solutions! Fix existing  health care, don't kill it!
Plan?  Ha.
Lapdog.
Coward
He is a true POS

Many of us thought you were a rational Republican but if you go partisan people will lose their seats. Fix the ACA and expand Medicaid.
You are in the wrong in this. Do some fact checking like on http://FactCheck.org . Nothing wrong with the ACA. Citizens want it fixed.
You are despicable. You have no viable plan other than kicking ppl off healthcare, killing pre existing condition waivers & tax cuts 4 rich.
You have lost my vote for good.  Pawleys Island, SC.
Just work with Dems and fix the ACA!
So you finally support something worthwhile. Hold for the applause.
Bum
Grandstander !
Have fun working in the private sector.
And you lost me right there
Shame on you. Your constituents' lives should be above partisanship, above this abhorrent excuse for legislation. Shame on you.
will grow; corporate rule will continue to divide, will be #AmericaLast Though different perspective, always respected. Do the right thing.
You feel better now stickin' it to Obama ??? You're pathetic and a political insect.
Bout time the President has some support from you! Be a leader and do what we elected you to do!!
#MedicareForAll  is the obvious choice in an civilized society. We must join other  advanced societies or economic disparity and unrest
Either you have #universalhealthcare, or #freemarket where only privileged get #HealthCare You cannot have both, as bipartisan #ACA proves.
Well that is incredibly disappointing to hear, Senator. #ProtectOurCare
GOP had seven years to do that and failed. How 'bout crossing the aisle and working to #fixACA or better yet-#MedicareForAll
U should be ashamed. How dare u do this to the American people. I'm ashamed to be an american
You Mr. Graham are a political whore. By the way asshole, it's ACA.
I have been thinking you have common sense.  Best course is to get over politics and fix ACA in a bipartisan way, not support Trump aabotage
#Docs4Coverage SC doesn't need more uninsured families or higher deductibles #KeepKidsCovered
To do what 60% of Americans don't want? It that serving the people? I think NOT!
This is party above country
How about giving every American the healthcare plan you have
I'm sorry I ever voted for you
So ridiculous ! Listen to the voters and stop proceeding w crap. Fix what we have !!!!
Disgusting.
South Carolinians deserve better, @LindseyGrahamSC. Call 1-844-311-1880 to remind him to #VoteNo on every #ACA repeal bill. #ProtectOurCare
If this bill is so good, why did you all exempt yourselves from what you are doing to the American people? I won't vote for you next time.
Great, so you be given yourselves 20 hours to 1) jam through a wildly unpopular bill, or 2) create a bill from scratch without Dem support
Need to get all to debate on it!get Republicans to add to there note what they want! An get Dems to take note what they what an add both!
The #BCRA does not work for kids. Please remember Tymia and protect #Medicaid for her and 30 million other kids.
Irresponsible and careless.
Come to your senses. Repeal & Replace was always just an election talking point. Do the right thing for Americans and admit that. Vote No.
I pray that you will debate and promote a plan to actually provide care to South Carolinians, and not to take it away.#KeepKidsCovered
Sir you were my 1st choice 4POTUS &
My kid helped ur campaign
PLEASE save my grandchild awaiting heart surgery by fully funding medicaid 
Eff you!
You don't even bother to read your constituents comments, do you? 
Call the senate to save our healthcare:
https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm?OrderBy=state …
#SaveACA
The debate should have occurred over the last 6 months.  Not sneaky closed door failed plans locking out any bipartisanship. 85% agree w/me!
Really? Are these your SC values? Pathetic.
The richest on their way to get their billions in exchange for regular folks' suffering and even death.
Are YOU willing to do w/out care for a pre-existing condition?
Will you then be giving up ALL your benefits and accepting whatever sham of a health care plan your party develops?
oh for the love of heaven! Do your Jon and FIX it, NO REPEAL!
Fix the damn law instead of trying to sticking it to Obama.   because you didn't like how it was done don't take it out on UR constituents
On a bill crafted in secret and the scant details of which are cruel and heartless. You and your hypocritical R colleagues are a cancer.
Well done - your ticket to electoral defeat. Enjoy!
Traitor.
You are a blight on humanity. Shame on you!
your legacy will forever be tied to trump. one way or the other. They'll ask where you were. at his feet.
Please stop this nonsense, Senator Graham. We deserve better in SC, and you know it! LEAD..don't follow.
You mean you're in favor of taking affordable healthcare away from tens of millions of Americans. Just so you know, we know the truth.
I am thrilled with my health plan from the marketplace! !
May as well openly debate so your constituents can actually see what's on the table.
Vote NO on any bill!!! We don't want a repeal!  We don't want a replacement. Fix the ACA!!
Why do u hate black ppl so much? Really thats what it all boils fown to. I know the ppl u represent , how could u do this to them!
Why are republicans obsessed with repealing the ACA?  Have you included healthcare providers in your secret discussions? Horrible
Partisan politics. You have no plan except to undo everything POTUS Obama did. All you had to do is sit down with Dems & improve the ACA.
You are my Senator.... I'm disappointed in you.
REPEAL IT GIVE US BACK CONTROL OVER OUR HEATH CARE AND TAKE THAT DAMN TAX PENALTY AWAY. STOP BEING A TRAITOR TO AMERICA YOU NAZI
so all the tweets about Jeff Sessions but you still fall in line. Sad and pathetic.
You make me sad, Mr. Graham.  This is not right.
Terrible.
Anything that replaces it will apply to your family to. Please bear that in mind when designing this new plan.
