I believe it's the so called president who is a walking definition of hypocrisy. #dotherightthing #countryoverparty #TrumpRussiaCollusion
You could also check the messages being left on your Washington office voice mail.  See what the people you work for think of all this.
Acknowledging his email from constituents would be sweet too
Coward
Idk why u go on there and have to deal with the craziness with these people I'd doesn't matter what you say they just talk over u...
All of the information coming out points to him firing Comey for a  different reason than stated. Would you at least address that?
Seriously - how do you face yourself in the morning after defending the actions of an ignorant dictator wannabe? Shame on you.
Excuses for Trump.  This is disgusting.

You are guilty of the biggest #Coverup since #Watergate. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpRussiaCollusion You have no credibility 
Who appoints the director now? The guy being investigated who demands absolute loyalty or he'll fire you.  That guy?? Really good for truth.
Your POTUS IS MAKING YOU A JOKE
We will see
Democrat hypocrisy is not the problem, the leader of the Republican parties incompetence is.
Senator Graham, Senator McCain supports a special committee in the #TrumpRussia investigation. Why aren't you? https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=47B82625-B17B-46F3-A0C0-8E05214D9C6E …
Schumer hasn't given them their Talking Points yet .. 
Your being McCains lapdog will well be remembered. I hope your family in SC is as ashamed of you as I am. You are disgraceful.
Remember these 5 words "My party has gone batshit crazy"? We all agree.
And the presidency is bigger than Donald Trump. Do your job, sir. We are counting on you now more than most.
Here's some GOP hypocrisy for you. We Dems can not like Comey but still be outraged at his firing mid investigation.
Disappointing. traitor 's in our White House is NO laughing matter. Save yourself. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #provokatsiya
You know as well as I do, that Dems are upset that Comey was fired because he is investigating Trump and his many ties to Putin.
Bless you Sen Graham
You, however, are smaller than expectations.
#GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #TrumpCartel #IMPEACH #RUSSIANMADEWH
Please read this about Trump money as you get info from Treasury Please read this
How about an independent investigation or are you a coward, my man.
More soft apologies for the Russian puppet and his destabilization of America.  How long you good traipsing on the sidelines girl?
This is not about the man "Comey"; 1)this is about his knowledge, 2)the acceleration of the Russia investigation, & Orange45's cowardice!!!
Would love to see @realDonaldTrump job description for new FBI Director . Must lie and be completely loyal to him? Drop investigation?
Thank you for your forthright answers.  I dont always agree (Comey) but I know where you stand and that's important to me. Thank you!!
nothing to impact there, lets go back to Clinton now. Do something about that.
And the country is bigger than you. Stop obstructing #trumprussia investigation. Expose the WHOLE truth. What are you afraid of?
If #whitehouse is innocent, you owe it to #trump to clear him; if not, you owe it to the American ppl to prosecute (the WHOLE truth).
Senator Graham, how can you be assured FBI investigation will go forward in same manner once Trump puts his new Director in? Naive statement
While I disagree about an independent investigation, I still respect your independence from the administration. Stay vigilant.
"Nobody's consistent when it comes to Comey." Well said.
Appreciate your statement system is bigger than Comey and hoped you'd have continued to say system is bigger than subjects of investigation
Graham says "Listen, Trump loves Working For Russia, Comey knows  too much and had to go"
Please continue to investigate. There are reasons why Trump is hiding his taxes. Need to get to the bottom of this and soon.
Decision time. Get on the right side of history, or be remembered as a collaborator in this evil regime. How will you look w a shaved head?
COUNTRY OVER PARTY. Please don't tell me they got to you too
You did an amazing job this morning.   Bringing calm, clear perspective.
It’s Time for the American People to Demand the Removal of Trump, His Admin. & the GOP NOW! LOCK HIM UP..
Gutless 
No the #GOPocrisy on this is unbelievable. You got upset over Bill Clinton's tarmac meeting but THIS isn't a big deal? #SpecialProsecuter
I'm very interested in knowing, breakdown of Graham's district, in how they voted for POTUS. This man is not representing his constituency
great seeing you this morning!...need a special prosecutor..need to stand up to Trump..there's something seriously wrong with Trump team
Career pols left/right/mid have called for #Comey 2 be fired over last 10+ yrs. From where I sit that means he's doing his job #ComeyFiring
That statement is TOTALLY NAIVE
Agree. I felt like Comey kept muddying the waters. Maybe now this won't drag out over the next 4 yrs. My advice-Get to the point of all this
Come on Lindsey! This is the third investigator fired while looking into this issue.  You can't believe this is ok!  The country needs you.
We will agree if you finish the job and stay off the Trump Punch. Keep hearing focused and don't fall for distraction/deflection.
We desperately need the truth about Russian ties. Did Mr. Trump solicit reasons to fire & why use Mr. Sessions, who should not be involved?
For a brief moment, I thought you were a principled man
Senator Graham! You're much smarter than you appeared on MSNBC. I'm no hypocrite, and we all know that Comey was fired by a frightened WH.
Wipe the orange stain off your nose
You ,sir, are still covering for a man who wants to be a dictator and has sold America to Russia. He is a monster and you know it.
Abuse of power by 45 Calls for impeachment Republicans will be voted out in 2018 unless they open their eyes
Damn it Lindsay, don't YOU have any capacity for outrage in this situation? Republican lack of outrage is what's truely stunning!
Democrats giving hypocrisy a bad name? 
Stop pretending this is normal and that it doesn't impede the current investigation. Do the right thing for this country not your party!
You know what gives America a bad name, Republicans acting like this is normal only cuz the President being investigated is Republican.
Trump committed obstruction of justice and should be impeached. Sessions should be fired for collusion with Russia and treason now.
How did we get stuck with such a useless, partisan suck up of a Senator, SC? We can do better.
Sure, but the director...directs. He/she tells investigators to pursue something or drop it, plus allocates resources. You know better.
Senator you try to do the right thing and then you always chicken out.
You're a partisan hack protecting a Russian puppet.  You had to choose between trump and our democracy - you chose trump
The more I  see and hear of @Lindsay GrahamSC, the more I like him. Along with good judgment and common sense he has a sense of humor.
The People want to know about Russia Ties, Period! A more than a year ago that there is something wrong with the Trump/Putin thing.
Step up @LindseyGrahamSC  and do your job. Country before party. You too are replaceable if you fail
You complain about partisan politics and then show us how it's done. Hypocrisy? Very disturbing.
It is very disappointing that knowing what you know... you have decided to walk back on the impropriety and timing of this firing.
You better care about what WE THE PEOPLE THINK!
Complicit.
And the US is bigger than Donald Trump and the GOP. A special prosecutor is needed asap.
It should be clear that a special prosecutor is necessary now. @LindseyGrahamSC you know we have a major problem here with @realDonaldTrump
What a pathetic bunch of liberal losers sitting around that table suffering from severe symptoms of Trump derangement syndrome @morningmika
glad you're watching be careful you might learn something.
indeed, and USA bigger than that ratfucker your party elected president
Mr Graham, I thought you had SOME integrity! Firing James Comey while he is investigating #Trumprussia is UNACCEPTABLE! Smacks of cover up!
Senator Graham, your flippant attitude about Trump's attempt to thwart Russia investigation was disgraceful & disturbing. This is NOT funny.
Our democracy needs you to wake up & take this seriously. Obstruction of justice by the president is not a joke. @morningmika @JoeNBC
Ethical Republican senators must stand up to Trump & protect the investigation & our democracy. Stop laughing about it & do your job.
The world is watching remember that! How can you allow him to keep RAPING your country??? What is wrong with you???
Complete DISGRACE.  Trump is NOT good for this country or the people of this country.  Why are you not addressing this?
This is first time I actually agree with you
They're giving hypocrisy a bad name? That's rich. You know this was wrong. But regardless, it's done. What are you gonna do about it now?
And the American political system is bigger than a tyrannical president
JUST WHAT I THOUGHT ABOUT SOUTHERN MEN, YOU'RE COWARDS CAN'T STAND UP TO THE THUG IN THE WH, YOU KNOW HE'S GUILTY BUT YOU'RE AFRAID OF HIM
Senator, Investigate the Russian ties no matter where it leads. The US deserves better than a profoundly ignorant president.
"Let it said that any president who cheats our institutions shall be impeached" .  Was that really you, Senator Graham?
Agree with Graham on this.
trump trying2stop investigation!Pissed U requested financials,pissed Yates testified,tried to stop,grand jury,asked 2 squash!RU Patriot?
As Ur constituent, frm now on I will vote dems up & down t ballot. U have a lot of angry constituents that has turned now ! #TrumpColluded
'Mitch McConnell is showin' off for his new boss Putin while the foreign minister is in town. @SenateMajLdr' TP
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW
I cannot believe I voted for you. I'm one of those Dems who thought you were principled. Never again.
Exactly,they have a whole department working in a bi partisan effort!Lets be smart about this,both sides were unhappy with Comey!
C'mon! Please don't weasel out now! So many R's have traded in their backbones & values for Trump! Don't add to that pathetic list
Enough is enough!U have a corrupt Potus stop trying to cover it's obvious He needs to get the phuck out of the WH what is wrong with you ppl
This is what Graham is covering for-this kind of statement below. I will make sure this is not forgotten.
You recognize Americas concerns and support an independent investigation & special prosecutor right Senator?
Sure to get to Hillary, Susan Rice and perhaps Obama for actual crimes.
Disappointed that you are providing cover to POTUS by taking the thinnest cover story by Sessions and Rosenstein at face value.
caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness.and now he is  judge & jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts1/
We DEMAND a Special Prosecutor to investigate #TrumpRussia America has had it with this obstruction
#StayStrongSenator
Wow wtf! U know what u need to take this decision out of their hands the ppl need to revolt and make this happen he needs to be impeached !
You know @Morning_Joe  & @LindseyGrahamSC  this not a joke. Independent investigation Now! This is not funny anymore.
That's great. I'm sure you'll sit idly by while he dismantles the rest of our country. Don't think we don't see your BS.
Senator Graham, don't let party trump country. The Constitution is at stake.
What the heck are you doing Senator? I do not always agree with your policies but believed you to be principled. Why are support Trump?
You sound compromised, Sir.  And you appear to have very little respect for this nation.  At all.
Gop mustbe bigger than party and stand for democracy, not putin and corruption.
Hope you're playing 3D chess here. Seeming to support Trump on Comey so he doesn't see you coming on Trump-Russia business ties.
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION. 
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR. 
BE COURAGEOUS. 
There's no time to waste. Trump is destroying our democracy.
Of course. But this stinks of abuse of power.
It is up to you, @BenSasse and others to show that GOP is more than the Twitterer-in-Chief...Country befire party vs. Mussolini-Lite
Mr Graham, You need to get ur head out of ur a.. and start protecting us, not tyrant Trump!
'R' s like Graham think they're safe and can throw out a line that looks good at the last minute and save themselves.
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC Curious - Would you have been supportive of Obama had he fired Comey after July 2016? What did Trump pay for your soul?
Et Tu Lindsey? I thought you were one of the more thoughtful Republicans! His firing of Director Comey gives America a bad name. SMH.
I think it is a mistake if you accept the process that lead to the decision. And the way it was handled.
You are a shocking disappointment.
Lindsey has brains unlike the left that just follow Schumer around without thinking for themselves.
Reporter got arrested for asking questions, Comey got fired for investigation.  Linda Graham says all is right with the world comrade.
But it sends a helluva message to whover replaces him, doesn't it. Which prolly was the point. Country BEFORE party... OR @POTUS
Will you listen now to what your constituents think?
Well you sure did disappoint.  You actually believed the letter?  Come on LG, you're better than this.
The timing is too suspect. If it looks & smells like a cover up, then it's probably a cover up. PLEASE put country over party for once!
More make up needed for the cover up. Not a good look for you.
In 1993, President Clinton ousted William Sessions as FBI director after Sessions refused to voluntarily step down amid ethical concerns.
Yeah and there's a quote that the administration wants to "clean house" with the FBI
Move on?  What happened when you wanted to see @realDonaldTrump business dealings?  Choose your country over your party, senator.
We must have a special prosecutor now! Stand for America, not Trump & Russia! #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
....sorry Lindsey...but you got this one wrong...Trump just fired the guy who is getting too close to the truth.....do you think we're dumb?
Disgraceful. Some recusal from Sessions. Comey deserved to be fired but why now. You have sold your country down the river. #shame
You are such a sell out.
Leave no stone unturned. Trumps actions are that of a guilty man. Independent investigation needed. I don't trust exec or justice now.
Independent investigation! ASAP!
jesus christ Lindsey we all expected so much better of you
You wanted him to breathlessly flip out like the left?
@LindseyGrahamSC you're a coward. Stop pretending to be a patriot. You've made your position clear with your tacit support of the dictator
And #Congress is bigger than you.  I'm beginning to think that #SouthCarolina might do better without you.
And America thought you were bigger than this.  You're not.  You're just another disgrace.
We demand an indep investigation. If you think we'll have confidence in a replacement who Repubs confirm w/ simple majority, you are wrong.
That is true but you defending trump's decision is insulting to the voters and a pathetic partisan move!
Time to put country over party. This will determine how history will judge you.
We know this. However, this just smells of WH burying investigation of #russiagate . Too close for comfort. Independent counsel needed.
U changed your tune considerably the past 48 hrs. Anything 2 do with what Trump lawyers sent 2 UR office? What's Trump got on you Lindsey??
Appoint a special prosecutor. Enough is enough. Do your job!
if you're not calling for an independent bipartisan investigation into Trump/Russia, you're helping to cover it up
And it's not just democrats who are upset, which you very well know. Maybe @SenJohnMcCain can talk some sense into you. Shame on you.
And, you're smaller than I thought...
Yes, and they always get the bad guys in the end....
Yes!  Democracy is a wonderful thing, but in the hands of a corrupt leader it's appearing to backfire. #CorruptWhiteHouse #ImpeachTrumpNow
Not if Ghouliani is given the helm! http://TheRealRudy.org 
Speak to Sally Yates now. Our country is bigger than #Trump.
I respect that you are thoughtful, but I disagree. This firing at this time (in Jan would have made sense) is sounding alarm bells.
Special prosecutor now!!!!!!
You are on the wrong side of this, as time will show.
 PUBLIC SERVICE ALERT: Lindsey Graham is no moderate savior!... I repeat...Lindsey Graham is no moderate savior! http://www.politico.com/story/2017/04/lindsey-graham-praises-trump-237361 …
Comey was candid and I hope that you still have former director testify as scheduled. More than his investigating- @FBI bigger than Comey.
Disappointed you are okay with the Comey firing. It's time to be non-partisan. #CountryOverParty
The United States Congress is unfit to serve the American People . Rome is burning and the Congress is cowards.
SENATOR, IF YOU AREN'T GOING TO SUBPOENA TRUMP'S TAXES, YOU AREN'T SERIOUS ABOUT INVESTIGATING HIS RUSSIAN TIES. #RUSSIAGATE
Fair point, but GOP is being hypocritical too. Big diff is Obama didn't fire Comey for mis-handling email investigation
Shame on you senator. You owe this country a call for a special prosecutor. For the love of God be courageous for once.
Did you watch the hearing did he seem concerned about treason or was he concerned about leaks and Unmasking and incidental collection??
The FBI is more than the Director but the timing screams corruption.
No doubt but the Senate does not seem to be following the same commitment to the truth ... just listen to McConnell right now ... Come On
So is a Democracy and the Balance Of Powers...
What if he appoints someone like Christie or Giuliani?
Pathetic.
Have you ever cared about this country? Or is it always about your party?
Your name will go down with the enablers. And it should.
He's perfect for this political climate. All bark, no bite. ALSO CLEMSON SUCKS GO MIAMI!!! THE UUUUUUU
Call for an Independent Special Prosecutor if you don't you're complicit with traitors.. Country before Party!
We must have an independent investigation, and now!
Have you considered asking your constituents what they think?  Have your aides do some door to door polling.  Might be enlightening.
It's time for an independent investigation.
#25thamendment
When will Republicans in Congress realize just how bad this is. We are an embarrassment. Look at his tweets for god sakes.
thank u sir
You know what gives hypocrisy a bad name?  YOU. "I have serious reservations about X" *votes for X*  SHAME ON YOU.
But are you bigger than trump?  Jury is out.
Watercarrier for trump. You put your political party before the needs of the country. The GOP cannot be trusted to police themselves
intellectually dishonest to call it hypocrisy not all democrats are the same. Not all moderates are the same. You remember moderates, right?
