bla bla  If you don't fight hard for our President  the  TRUMP voters will try to primary or just sit out 2018..We are sick of traitors
Shame on you
Lindsey Graham is a traitor. Karma - Hopefully residents of SC won't re-elect you! They should call for your dismissal!
Not until 2020 unfortunately!
Found that out today! 
So Congress can't pass healthcare, but they can pass a bill to protect Mueller's job? Talk about a manufactured crisis! Vote you out!
Graham and McCain are great reasons for term limits. Both should just be put out to pasture!  Make America Great Again!  Go Prez Trump!
Hard working Americans voted our President in office!Who are you working for?
@realDonaldTrump So Congress can't pass healthcare, but they can pass a bill to protect Mueller's job? Talk about a manufactured crisis
Is this continuing this law or did you amend it or what? Frankly the problem the Palestinians faced was Zionist who came in & seized land.
It's time for Senator Graham to go home.  #rhino
And on top of it you do it with a dem you can't get your job done like HC but you can in two day get this done SC is waiting
You are the poster boy for the establishment swamp. You are on the wrong side of every issue and a RINO. Most likely a cross dresser too.
Mr Graham U need 2 get on board with America. Your campaign speeches was totally different from what U really believe. Support America
Shame on you for not supporting our potus. You have lost ur way.
Revolt America needs to gather together and throw these SOB'S OUT ..and all like him..we got Trump in WE CAN KICK THEM OUT..VOTE ALL NEW IN

Mr. Graham when are you going to announce that your switching party's because your tired if Americans first
Traitor
Using Jesus in memes is gross live it don't quote it Traitor
So tired of false Christians giving the rest of us a bad name. They'd crucify Jesus if he were here today 
Did you repeal Obamacare?
Do you really think the President will sign your traitorous bill! Why don't you go to the other side where your comfortable!#GODHELPUSA
Yes they are,they make me puke. I am leaving the republican party because of those 2 backstabbers and I know many more will follow.
Liberal Canadian American who loves your snark
#FireHannity
Ignore the hateful comments here, Lindsey. They will come around when the truth comes out. You still have their core Republican values at .
Thank you! You are an American Hero)
PLEASE , go be with the democrats and stop trying to sabotage Trump! YOU R HURTING US! So sick of your hate!
We voted Trump in.  You remember that next time you cross us
If only you fought as hard for our President and your own party as you do against them, you might be worth something. #disgrace
You just got your pink slip!
Article I, Section 5, clause 2, of the Constitution, a Member of Congress may be removed b4 the normal expiration of his term by “expulsion”
You will be VOTED OUT that you can count!  You are a Libtard and shouldn't be allowed to call yourself a Conservative!!  #oustGraham
You are not longer trusted by your constituents
Switch your party, show your true color!
You & Mcain should be a democrat, seems like you both are sabotaging Trump! EVERYTHING you say is negative!
This is why nobody likes you

LOL 33% of you only
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hr37eE0nO8 … heres your buddy!!
I hope the good people of SC vote you out.  You're a big brown lump in the sewer and you need to be flushed.  SWOOOOSH!!!
FINALLY SAID IT!  Putin uniting the U.S. Congress! More of this plz. @ChuckGrassley @NancyPelosi @SenFranken @JeffFlake @SenatorCollins
Mr. Lindsey "cup of sweet tea" Graham, pleas run for president in 2020.  We need you 
Oh good grief! Are you insane?? Praying anyone with a pulse in SC runs against him and gets his sorry ass out!
I pray you are voted OUT!!  You're a RINO and need to move over to the Democrats. Even better- lose your seat!!!!!
Pack your bags Flimsy, you're out in 2018!
always worried about the rest of the world. Keep it up and your gonna have hell to pay
Mueller needs to recuse himself - conflicts of interests. He failed to stop Tsarnaev brother by ignoring intel. https://mobile.nytimes.com/2013/05/10/us/politics/in-bombings-a-bitter-bookend-for-robert-mueller.htmll ….
One thing voters can be thankful for, this spineless back stabbing puke @LindseyGrahamSC will NEVER be president! #DrainTheSwamp
These traitors & enemies of the country still need to be investigated & sent to jail.
Lindsey is one of them. No difference in him and Pelosi.
Don't believe the polls.
Stop hurting the President & pass some laws for the people. If he is hurt or made to resign there will be civil war .
Graham another loser in 2017vowed “holy hell”,Mueller's involvement with Hillary & Comey that's what it should be about!Publicity obsession!
I and almost 63,000,000 Americans detest you, and we think you're a deplorable traitor. Why in hell don't you just change to a Democrat? 
AMERICA..GET THIS FREEK OUT OG CINGRESS..REVOLT REPUBLICANS ANS KICK HIS A**  OUT...HE IS NOT DEFENDING PRES.T. HE IS FOR HIMSELF NOT US!!
Treason loved
U R a RINO!! U & UR BFF McCain. So sad!!
Your so fake don't forget you work for the people switch to democratic
You're a disgraceful petty little man & a traitor to the conservative cause. You'd rather sale your soul to DNC than support POTUS.
YOU should be dealing with the Terrorist here!!AND the stalking and hostage of me by ONE from the last ADMINISTRATION!Passing the BUCK is ..
Why are you not going after Hillary Clinton? Do you have something to hide Lindsey?
You and McCain are traitors to the Republican party and the United States.
Never saw such a bad case of lockjaw.   I can't actually vote positively on anything. That ends the bull...t dialogue.
COME ON AMERICA..TEACH THESE A** WIPES A LESSON..DONT FORGET FIGHT HARD DONT STOP UNTIL THEIR GONE..VOTE NEW ..VOTE NEW ...FIRED
ABSOLUTELY..WE VOTED TRUMP IN WE CAN VOTE THESE CREEP TRAITORS AND VOTE ALL NEW PATRIOTS REAL ONLY IN.THESE SCUM ARE FOR NO ONE BUT THEMSLVS
If you try to take out our president, we will take you out at The Ballot Box!!!!!
You make me sick sen
Really good work Senator Graham & Senator Corker. It's important legislation & can save lives.
hope it helps.the old hatreds in the middle east are so deep it ill take generations to improve if it all
Because of apologist obama.
We need a real Republican that will protect our president against a special prosecutor with soooo many conflicts!  Vote no on Graham...
You're a disgraceful failed Prez. candidate. All your actions and McShame's actions are nothing more than petty efforts to obstruct @POTUS
you are an embarrassment sir. Americans R tired of your liberal love affair with the democrats. 
no.
u r a RINO,traitor an a hypocrite u belong in the dem party.u r very sneaky an back stabbed of our president.dirty DC
Traitor shut up
Not shocked that this rino has a bunch of unicorn cowboys on his twitter feed #ridethemhardinthebutt #animalcruelty
Lol they just lost another Democrat , another for team wooo hoo
Girly rino thinks he matters #rinosrutting #buttbuddyMcCain
Just as corrupt as the swamp
Corruption elites  he does not work for any of us SC will not vote you in again
We want you OUT of office. You'er bad for America. SC should be ashamed. SC was once a great state with history dating back to our founders.
How does it feel to be a partner of Corey Booker and the crooks? Like a crook?
WHY can't YOU do something about Obama care.  Stop the stupid protection of Mueller
MUELLERR NEEDS TO be FIRED I'M SICK OF YOU SABATOGING OUR PRESIDENT AND WE WILL VOTE YOU OUT!
@realDonaldTrump Graham introduced a Bill to prevent Mueller from being fired- Get ready Trumpers.. Graham must be voted out of his seat !!!
Please, keep us smiling, through it! This President, has DONE DAMAGE. We need u and McCain's, sense of humor... Morethanever.
I am a Dem Lindsey. If u decide to Move on impeachment, I just as you,one thing..
We hope you get out by voters. You have betrayed the People who want the Pres by back stabbing him. S C voters get Graham out To long in
Mud, grand jury is ready.

When will you realize trump is taking you all down with h him!!



what are your thoughts on Mueller's grand jury?


Thank you!  Proud of you and @SenBobCorker


Thanks, I will get to that right after I finish the WSJ article about Mueller’s Grand Jury.
ICYMI: Trump indictment coming
Earth is flat.  CNN wapo nyt Maddow Maxine pelosi, shumer rubio Paul Cruz kasich
