Why don't you worry about protecting all of us who are ALREADY BORN from assault weapons???
How do you sleep at night? How can you even talk about this given the he state of the world?
How is that CHIP program re-certification coming along? Your pro-life agenda is hypocritical when you ignore children once they're born
You know who feels pain? Victims of mass shootings. #GunContolNow
Thanks for being a Clock Watcher and TimeKeeper! And to think, you get paid for all this?
be sure that representative who got caught telling his mistress to have an abortion when he is vocally against it....be your poster boy
How many fucking lies are you trying to put out there by then end of this year?
Stop forcing women to have children unless you provide adequate prenatal and pediatric care for those children!  Keep your laws off my body!
You know who's feeling pain? The people who lost loved ones in Las Vegas, the people suffering in PR, the people of this country
Basing your argument on what has been proven by REAL doctors as false just shows you need to be removed/retire from office NOW
So did all those people shot in Las Vegas.  WHAT WILL YOU DO ABOUT THAT?????????????????????????
Why don't you take care of the citizens of the US who need healthcare.
Instead of getting into a legal debate about when a fetus is viable.
And how will these children then be taken care of if healthcare doesn't provide adequate prenatal care for their mothers?!?
Such a hypocrite. How about women can control their own bodies and you can do something about the 500 bullet riddled bodies in Las Vegas?

This is about controlling women, nothing more. #TheyDontFeelPain #StopLying #Propaganda
You know who else feels pains?  People fucking shot by semi-automatic guns!
If you were really ProLife, you'd be pushing 2 renew CHIP right now instead of going after women facing awful, tragic, impossible decisions.
Sir - u have 7 likes at this time. 7.  And every single comment is negative. Take some advice & chill on this asinine plan.

They feel pain cause you are taking away their health insurance, starving their parents, cutting Medicare for Granny & Grandpa, Hiking Taxes
Feel the pain of having someone decaptitated from an automatic rifle at a country music festival
Bunch of crap. Just another way of men controlling women’s bodies
Pregnant women die or lose babies when they lose health care. Children die when they don't have access to healthcare. #Theyfeelpain
LIVE children feel pain, man. Don’t you care about them?
If you were really pro life, CHIP would not gave lapsed. You would fix ACA instead of trying to repleal and replace!!
You'll gladly regulate women's reproductive rights and do nothing about reasonable gun safety regulations. Ergo, your words mean nothing.
Your action against women is wrong. Did you know, we have the vote now.
Where did you get your MD, Senator? Leave reproductive choices to women and their doctors -> pain claim unproven
Being PRO LIFE should include banning assault weapons.
SO DOES THE PEOPLE KILLED BY GUNS
how many pregnancies are terminated after 20 weeks and for what reasons? Please mansplain
Claiming to be pro life while refusing to prevent mass shootings is, at best, the apex of hypocrisy.
Side note, science says a 20wk fetus does not have the neural connections to feel pain. But, we all know the GOP doesn't care abt science.
Stop trying to interfere in personal medical decisions.
#TheyFeelPain ? How about all of us living on earth Americans that feel pain everyday because of Trump/Putin/GOP raping our democracy?
A forced pregnancy involves pain for the woman. Why aren’t adults covered in your “pro-life” agenda?
As you cut funding for healthcare for children.  Yes, they will feel the pain inflicted by Republicans.
Victims of gun violence feel pain, are you doing anything to stop them from being killed?
Will the pain matter when sick, hungry, homeless, abused,addicted or riddled with bullets.Consider the people already here facing this.
Please educate yourself on the women who are electing to have 20+ week abortions. These are VERY rare and banning them will hurt not help!
Hi @LindseyGrahamSC - who sponsored this bill? http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/anti-abortion-rep-tim-murphy-asked-mistress-terminate/story?id=50274843 … the @GOP are playing on emotions of electorate. They have no morals.
So fetuses feel pain? But boys who get their genitals mutilated (or "circumcised," as you would say) don't need pain medicine?
I can't believe with vile behavior of @realDonaldTrump this is what you're focusing on. #sad #CountryOverParty #ManUp
Do you #feelthepain ? #Theyfeelthepain when our society falls to fascism. Gun violence, treason, Nazis, $$corruption. Which side are you on?
Will scientists and doctors be there? What about women? Any women?
Wtf happened to CHIP??
All Americans are definitely #feelingthepain @LindseyGrahamSC. The question is when will you all make the pain stop?
No, they don't. #probrain
So tired of old men in WA legislating what should be a decision between a woman and her doctor. Want 2 stop pain-how about some gun control?
 you couldn’t find a vagina with a map Linds -  men shouldn’t get a say so on this issue.
For each killed or injured in gun violence, entire communities, ALL of us are traumatized. Triage. Address gun violence first.
Dude, that’s awesome! You’re sponsoring a bill to stop mass shootings!!! You da man!
Oh wait.....
You are attacking our Constitutional rights, supported by nearly 40 years of SCOTUS rulings. We want America, not your damn theocracy.
I’ll tell you who feels pain Lindsey, innocent people getting hit with bullets. Do your job and protect the living. Abortion is NOYB!
Gun violence survivors #Theyfeelthepain . 30,000 deaths, hundreds of thousands of gun fatalities annually, #Theyfeelthepain of gunviolence.
I thought you guys want the government out of health issues
And what is your plan on saving their lives once they are actually born? Will they have healthcare? Will they get semi-automatic weapons?
Linds - going out to do more damage?
what the hell is wrong with you man
DO THE RIGHT THING
You, sir, are *not* “prolife”. You are pro-fetus. Once the kid is born you flip them the bird and tell them to figure it out
Hey, the GOP is supposed to be about less government infringement. Why are you trying to legislate my womb. Let women decide #prochoice
How's that CHIP program renewal coming? Last I checked sick children feel pain.
Stop, rich old white republican men with health insurance, just stop working to control women's bodies! @gop @RepTrentFranks @RepTimMurphy
No pain with #GunControlNow
Yet let CHIP lapse. So only care for children before birth.
Get your own uterus/reproductive system. *Then*, & only then, will U have the right 2open your misogynistic mouth
You know who also feels pain? Women with limited access to abortion.
Feed the starving children all around the world if ur so sanctimonious . Such gall u have.
Know who else feels pain?  People who are shot by automatic weapons.  Do something about that!
Not only are you not a woman, you've never impregnated one of us, and never will. Not that there's anything wrong with it. Stay in your lane
You nean the victims of Senate-pushed killing of Medicare/Medicaid/Healthcare to fund tax $$ to the 1%?? Riiiiight
Sir,you know who else feels pain? People when they get shot. So why don't you start fighting for them & support common sense gun regulations
The innocent people who died/were injured n the families of #LasVegasShooting felt pain, where's your #GunControl legislation?
Yet another bill from Lindsey that is based on misinformation, just like his HC disaster
JAMA disagrees #paincapable this is a cruel bill co-authored by a family values GOP REP who committed adultery, asked his mistress to get an abortion. Now you, the man that just said DC should he out of our healthcare decisions, are promoting it. Are voters really this stupid?
People die and feel pain from GUNSHOT WOUNDS TOO, Lindsey. Where's your concern for all the pain caused by gun violence?? #WhiteSupremacist
Plus you GOP fools refuse to help the unprepared mothers of these babies you force them to bare. You won't even provide health care. STFD
Did you even read the research re: abortion after 20 weeks? It's incredibly rare and for emergencies. Do your research!!

So do millions of ppl with no access to healthcare #hypocrites
Hungry kids feel pain.
My body, my mind, my decision!
With or without your permission abortions will continue.  Either in medical facilities or backstreet allys.
Pro life but when they’re born, they’re on their own for healthcare.
Will you take questions regarding the fact that there is no evidentiary basis for your claims?
I'm more concerned about your heartless desire of once the child is born making sure that they and their families suffer without healthcare
Those people mowed down in Las Vegas Sunday night felt pain, too.
let a woman decide for herself what she does. This is not your problem to solve.
You mean the victims of assault weapons, right?
