ACA failed b/c @GOP has been playing politics & created uncertainty w/ ins comps. Ins comps dont like uncertainty & react by inc prem & drop
In essence what u have done is very self-serving. U made boogieman out of ACA to get reelected & as result have made access to HC cost more
You also did this bc your wealthy donors wanted gigantic tax cuts. Shame on you.
Gonna mention this?
Republicans own it now. Obamacare is gone and now it's Trumpcare. You'll own this failure Senator. You got what you wanted. #grahamsucks
So NOW on top of killg Ocare they killed CHIP kikg 9milln poor kids off HC! And smhw thy thnk ths mny ppl suffrg WON'T NOTICE WHO DID IT!
Aren’t you dry from giving Dear Leader a tongue bath?
if "OBAMA" weren't in what u type, u'd love it.  shame on you.
You need to resign @LindseyGrahamSC eyg
"If you dance with the devil, then you haven’t got a clue, for you think you’ll change the devil, but the devil changes you."
Reminder: You're NOT allowed to delete ANY of this! So how's that @realDonaldTrump thing working out for you?! 
If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
Lindsey Graham has failed as a Senator, only can tout inflated  incompetent @POTUS golf score and ignore Trump ravings and Russian meddling
@LindseyGrahamSC lacks a social conscience
I have lost all respect for you Senator Graham, you played  golf with Trump twice now,  a man who insulted your best friend.
Good lord, you are as much of a moron as Dipshit Donnie. You should be ashamed of your anti-American self. You are truly evil.
You & #Trump are failures & #traitors to Americans, including those without power & drinking water in #PuertoRico. Keep playing golf, cur.
Stop this shit. Obamacare has saved many lives. All it needs is a few revisions. Work on revisions! If you don’t know how, let us help you.
#YouLie
The ACA is only failing because the Republicans and 45 are killing it, along with killing the citizens who count on it #GOPShame
So agree
I’ll be watching Hillary instead on CNN, at least she did not insult John McCain.
Then stop badmouthing it and FIX IT! And stop trying to hide the fact that ur but a White Southerner hating what a Black President achieved.
ewwwww pass
YOU!!YOU ALL DESTROYED OCARE AND THE WHOLE CNTRY KNOWS IT!! YOU SNUK AROUND "AS USUAL" LIED ABT IT IMPLODG! WHN DDNT YOU SCHSTRS DSTRYD IT!
I see your wearing the new uniform with Trump on the golf course. You sure turned out to be his lap dog.
Last Saturday Trump should had met that fallen Green Beret’s body at Dover instead he played gold with you and again this weekend.
While you are doing it, own up to W's assertion they wanted Iran for its oil.  Frum's speech also caused the problems in North Korea.
Why should WE be forced to pay for horrible insurance U forced on us? @RandPaul @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @nancipelosi @SenShumer @POTUS
Let’s talk your failures
But not access hollywood?
The reality is you and your GOP compadres have actively sabotaged the ACA. You and the entire GOP are a disgrace. How do you sleep?
Making healthcare fail for millions and causing companies stock to crash. Good job.
You should speak of your own failures.
Will you also be talking about being #afakefriend to @SenJohnMcCain
Wow, taking a break from golfing with @realDonaldTrump or prerecorded?
Trump is killing Obamacare, to satisfy his racist animus towards President Obama, and he doesn't care who gets hurt in the process.
It didn’t fail. It was killed.
Graham and his dignity failed though.
He doesn't care about People.
Sure he does! He cares about people with beefy bank accounts who’ll let him “wet his beak”, in exchange for cutting their taxes.
Maybe in between holes of golf with 45 you could ask him not to kill my family's medical insurance. Now $3000 per month!
Blackmail? Is that it? Americans think Trump is holding something over you Senator.   Your flip toward Trump is dramatic & nonsensical
I just hope that the two love birds are practicing safe sex as they screw Americans.
Don't forget to mention why you golfed with the so-called president* for the second weekend in a row! @realdonaldtrump shoot a 73 again?
Enabler #shame
How ignorant can Graham be.
Trump wants to kill the Republican party.
And replace it with ' neo-cons'
Graham is on Trump's chopping block.
You should be ashamed but your a republican  so you don’t care. Tell us is it the payoff from the Koch Bro? 
#HealthCareSabotage
That is - If you can unplug yourself from trumps arse - right?
When you’re done blowing Trump send him back to Mike Pence he misses him.
How about you talk about what hypocrites the GOP and 45 are. Let’s Golf while so many disasters are hitting the US citizens. #ShameOnYou
After you & IMPOTUS spent the day playing with each other's tiny white balls while the US is in chaos, AGAIN. You 2 need help. #seeyouin2020
Might should spend some time reading your tweets - you seem to be losing ground- that is if you can tear yourself away from trump golf.
He was so upset he couldn't hurt people of color and the poor, even more than he already has.
@GOP complicit treason,danger nukes, inciting racist NRA domestic terrorism, sabotaging ACA, corrupt lying #NoConfirmations #nullify2016
Your integrity drops with every game of golf.
Be sure and wipe your chin after you leave daddy trump
How was they golf game. You need to start worrying about America. If not , wait till 2018.
Bannon tells the truth about why subsidies were stopped.  “Blow up the exchanges” #ACASabotage
Golfing with trump again. What a traitor you are to your friend John McCain. For our country’s sake I hope you are up to some grand plan to save our country frim this lunatic, incompetent president.
How was golf with Trump today? Did you bring up the sanctions against Russia?
Не обижайте Данилу
Sad to see one of the most critical people fighting against a dangerous man itching to kill millions! Impeach this danger stop playing Golf!
Why don’t u speak on Shame of Repubs in allowing this to happen to our country, you know, you all know, sacrifice our constitution 4 your agenda,Golf is an endorsement
You are despicable @LindseyGrahamSC. You are a sell-out to this country and the American people. You and GOP are liars regarding the ACA
Hope you had good day golfing with Trump. What garbage did you feed him this time? Sure we will see it play out this week. TRAITOR
He is pushing it's failure WE WONT LET YOU LIE
Did you collude with a foreign adversary too?  You’re letting our country down.  You are a failure at your job.  We deserve better.
hey most of us work. Why more golf? Why don't you help Puerto Rico and Dreamers and problems
Trump is sabotaging America daily and you are part of the #complicitGOP but golf on, the world is watching. #Trumpcarekills - you own it now
Another ugly joke!
Quiet, ain't ya.
Waiting to hear some phenomenal golf scores. And since we all know what you were doing...☟ Have you got the smell out yet?
After pretending to be alarmed by the antics of the moron-in chief @LindseyGrahamSC turns out to be nothing more than a pathetic suck-up.
You misspelled failure of your president.
You mean how GOP sabotaged ACA? This is people's LIVES we are talking about
Stay home brown nose
State dept and DOD recommend staying in Iran deal. Suspect, why is Trump choosing this path? Who benefits?  Can't be sure of his motivation!
Will U also be discussing yr new support of dangerous, out of touch, mean spirited, lying leader who U suddenly seem 2 B so in love with??
Will you be speaking about how much fun it was to golf with Trump today while #puertorico continues to suffer?
I'm very disappointed in you.  Are you a traitor too?  Instead of golfing with the POS #ImpeachTrump  Do your job!
So what did he score today Lindsey? I bet he broke 70. You, by the way, win the Hypocrisy Challenge Cup hands down.  Ryan a distant second.
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC , did Drumpf shoot under par today? And does one's driving length suffer when one is an invertebrate? Just curious.
The ACA didn't fail. The GOP has been sabotaging it every chance they could get.
No doubt doing your @GOP happy dance with the devil.
Keep golfing with the traitor. Have fun destroying US people.
You're the failure Lindsey
Failure.  You mean sabotage.  You think we are stupid.
Stop golfing with Trump & protect the USA! #25thAmendmentNow
“Trump and Lindsey Graham go golfing again” Can we trust you, Lindsey, in re to Russia investigation? #russia #putin
“Trump and Lindsey Graham go golfing again” What’s the status of Russia sanctions? #russia #putin #collusion

You’re playing golf again? Lindsey , you are complicit
There's never going to be a bipartisan bill on table because losers in capital hill who promises sh!t and fail repeatedly but claim victory
Didn't you say letting Obamacare markets implode would be a very bad thing and now your buddy buddy with the devil himself.  Good job
You and your golfing buddy @realDonaldTrump really enjoy watching people suffer and die under your 'failure' during Obamacare crisis
It's #Trumpcare now, and it sucks.
I knew you were trumps little puppet

You and your golf buddy Trump plus GOP are the ones who has failed the United States. ACA could of been fixed and you know it.
Don't hurt your lips or knees
63 this time
@LindsayGrahamSC better gather medical evidence, or golfing again while Puerto Ricans suffer unconscionable. @realDonaldTrump #Draftdodger
Try speaking about 2 days of golf with Trump this week and what you 2 dimwits are conspiring about?
You should be ashamed.   Golfing while US citizens don't have clean drinking water or electricity.
This is rare: The White House has actually confirmed that Trump is golfing today. He's playing with Lindsey Graham.
More golfing with Donnie today though, eh? Good thing there's nothing going on in our country that needs attention.  
BE A PATRIOT  #whatiswrongwithyou
What did Soros tell you to say?
Sold your soul to the devil to stay in office scarred of what Bannon would do to you so you cut deal with the moronic devil
I hope you talk in-depth about your golfing weekends with #Trump - would love to know exactly where my #tax dollars are going and why.
Failure?!! It's you who is a failure! You killed it enabling an idiot Trump. Shame on you!
The failure of you guys to fix it??
Retweet if you agree Lindsay Graham sold out to the dark money and betrayed America. We must unseat all those like him.
When you go golfing on our taxpayer dime remember 2 things: you sold out to curry favor with a racist & don't bend over in front of him.
You killed the ACA. It didn't fail. How does it feel, being Benedict Arnold?
Golfing again? How much time are spending it on your knees? Has invited you to his room?
Enjoy your golf, traitor
Will you be impeaching Trump? If not you are a #Complicit traitor. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Are you getting your talking points from Putin's puppet today during golf?
Sucking up to #moron today, eh?  Taste good?
Pretty sure you should be speaking about the failure of Trump's Presidency...today...while you play golf with the #MAGAMoron
O'care didn't fail. GOP murdered it just like they're doing to constituents. It's GOP/trumpcare now OWN IT!
have fun golfing/manbaby sitting on our dime ..
Lindsey is babysitting the Trumpster today at the golf course.... #AdultDayCare
Wow! a few games of golf is all it took? Take a  in the mirror Senator & see what a FOOL looks like. Smh
Whatever your concerns are about best way to deliver health care, legitimate concerns, this was an illegitimate EO, but you don't care.
Glad you're paying such careful attention to intl affairs. Did you notice the despotic action of Pres Thurs eve? 
*crickets*
Hello?
you mean @LindseyGrahamSC will be bullshitting about Iran, failure of Obamacare, adn more on CBS @FaceTheNation this Sunday?
It is now Trumpcare lets be clear about the name, it is now the republicans baby!

Lindsey Graham spotted - on their way apparently to their second round of golf of the week
U sux Trump Sycophant.
"If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it" ~ your boy Goebbels
Golfing with Trump today?
Cucked by the President on Saturday, Face the Nation on Sunday - you got a busy weekend gurl
Is that why you are golfing today with Trump? Geez 
While we KILL Americans, I think I'll join 45 on his weekly golfing trip.

Enjoying the Good Life with Taxpayers Money.

It's great we cut American Gov Jobs to pay for it.
#gop #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Will you be discussing the Russian Sanctions?
Graham. It DID NOT fail! It was sabotaged and purposely destroyed and YOU know it. Disgusting of you and republicans. Its trumpcare now.
Why isn't Trump going to California disaster?  Why isn't he even speaking about it or trying to help?  Because they didn't vote for him?
Your words senator, are proof that our institutions will not save us. It is time for a massive #generalstrike
Hey, isn't this your golf buddy?
What about the failure of the GOP?  All 3 branches and zero wins.
You're just not a good person @LindseyGrahamSC. I'm glad history books exist so your name of disgrace will be eternal
Do you need medicine to help you sleep now? You know, after selling your soul and all...
Have fun golfing while millions of Americans in PR don’t have food or water. Not sure how you sleep at night
Golfing with trump? Sabotaging the ACA the prize Fir licking his boots ?
per CBO: Trump ending subsidies increases premiums 20% by 2018 and 25% by 2020. Deficit goes up $6b by 2018 and $21b by 2020,
You guys failed coming up with a plan? So destroy the ACA?

The #ACA is not failing on its own – it is being actively sabotaged by @POTUS and the Republican Majority in Congress. #ProtectOurCare 
It if it was imploding , you wouldn't have to sabotage it 

“The day the body of 25-year-old Army Sgt. La David Johnson was returned to Dover Air Force Base..President Donald Trump was golfing” https://twitter.com/barbarastarrcnn/status/918958070130270208 …
We see that patriotism by GOP is fake! Why no #Benghazi response to #Niger ?
So I guess we know what u & the orange lump really talked about on the golf course. How to screw low income families out of healthcare.
GFY
Lindsey, please tell us you’re not complicit in trying to stop Mueller investigation!!!
What about your failures & selling out the American people & even your parties traditional views??! @LindseyGrahamSC  Hypocrite
As a former South Carolinian, I want to like u so much, Lindsey. U will be our nation’s next hero if u lead the R dissent against DJT. 
I might even campaign for u as President if u do. We need a strong, godly man’s leadership. For such a time as this, Esther! 
It did not fail- it was a murder victim
Putin have a video of you in a compromising situation or is it Trump who has that video?
You and DT don't give a Rat's A$$ as to how this will hurt the people in the Country that do not have the same Insurance that you have!
Good plan you and your Buddy created while golfing.  A way to destroy ObamaCare just so you can say how bad Obamacare is.
Can you also provide a breakdown of Trumps golf round last weekend?  Would be great.
TRY CHANGING THE ATTITUDE OF THE BELTWAY AND MAYBE THE COUNTRY WILL CHANGE!!!!
DO YOU KNOW WHY PEOPLE HATE POLITICIANS? ONE REASON BECAUSE YOU ALWAYS SPEAK "AGAINST" AND NEVER "FOR"! ALWAYS CONDEMNING.
o-care dead; Trumpcare now
YOU NEED TO SPEAK ABOUT POSITIVES. MOVING FORWARD. UNITING. THIS DIVISION AND HATE RHETORIC HAS TO STOP!
The ACA didn't fail republicunts killed it.
Ypur voice is irrelevant
obamacare has not failed the politians sabotaging it have
This congress will be remembered as the one that let a madman run out country! Your name will be stained forever!
Affordable Care Act you mean? That was not failing in the states that took the expansion, but will fail after today?
I will be watching ABC, won’t matter what’s on
The Trump Way seems to b whatever Obama implemented,trump aims 2 undo. He appears 2 be very jealous of Obama. Sort of pathetic.Do something
And don’t forget to add a little ass kissing while you’re there. I used to admire you. 
comedy hour? Stand up routine ? Which?
Lindsey you shame us while making deals with a fascist pig!  We will remember!
For once do not let them bait you into bashing POTUS. #2018.
So disappointed in you Lindsey. One golf game and you seem sold out to Trump. I guess there’s no “maverick” rubbing off from your bff.
you!  Trump ass kisser!  Trump’s golf caddie
Amazing what a game of golf can do...
Obamacare wasn't the failure.  GOP Congress was, and is, the failure.  We will remember your failures.
You really are a putz
You are complicit in the sabotage of Obamacare. The idiotic move to stand alone in the destruction of the multinational Iran deal just dumb!
Hope you are truthful like you can be when you set out to be...unlike the clown in the White House
How bout Ruxxian sanctions????

Failure of Obamacare? Perhaps u cld look at the failure of @gop unable to get its act together - that includes you bubba.
Everything you say is a lie. #leave
