Shameful and disgraceful-complicit treason- lying corrupt racist dangerous putin puppet #nullify2016
What good will come from anything legislation if Trump destroys our democracy. Please show some courage.
Shame
U Snakes created the 700 page taxes to cut 1m LOOPHOLES for your DONORS. U did this FOOL..now act like its a BIG Prob.. LOSER
I wouldn’t trust this Congress to make dog leash laws.
Kind of like your bad healthcare bill? Speak up! Your silence on Trump makes you complicit. TrumpTax for the wealthy.
Don't follow McCain! Don't do CAPS! Do what Americans want instead of helping McCain be spiteful! No TRUE Republicans trust McCain anymore!
GOP budget cuts Medicare to fund tax cuts for rich.
Stop running the country into the ground by resolution! Return to regular order! NO TAX CUTS FOR THE RICH!!!
Your Repub buddies will pass it. You'll crow about how great it is. When it proves a failure you'll blame Dems. Same old song.
Lindsey
Where is your backbone man?
You are better than this!
You need to stand up to Trump!
Evidently he is not better than this.
Supporting the tax reform bill for the wealthy puts you on the swamp list.
Tax reform not = to tax cuts. High corporate rates offset by loopholes. Huge corps. have history of no income tax payments w/ big profits
Wait, is this on Fox or actually in the Senate? Never quite sure.
Lindsey need to reduce ACA subsidies to 50% for up to 60,000 AGI with one year extension
No one’s paying attn to YOUR lies because your leader can’t stop LYING.  #TaxReform

can you explain in plain english why the wealthy need yet another tax cut? Why not just middle and working class along? Top 2% wealthy now.
It's past time to put party aside, put country first.  Enough with this stupid crap - we're in trouble and we need to do better than this.
Tax reform bill his horrible
And how about calling out the truth about our dimwitted obnoxious lying Pres? Cmon Sir! Where's your character?
He has none.
@GOP officially dead as a party in the US
Main points: We are still friends with @SenJohnMcCain . @RandPaul shall be reprimanded. And:
"PUSKA KELLETT VOLNA EHHEZ A MELÓHOZ"
How about you speak the truth for a change, or is that too hard for you?
Why in the HELL do you people in SC keep electing him?
Don’t forget to mention how Ocare is a failure. No doubt there will be a way to work that in.
#Complicit party over people
considered mid class.76k w/4 kids. I make it just fine but my taxes are going up while rich get richer!Burn you &your gop taxes #Trumpcare
I hope you are replaced! You no longer have an ounce of respect from http://me.You  have sold your soul.
Billionaires are desperate and need tax relief. Thanks for speaking out!
Used to be a fan, thought you'd stand up to the orange one.  Wrong, you are just another clown in his circus. #DrainTrumpsSwamp
Why? Are you only for rich people?
Sorta like the prison guards deciding how long rec time we get. How ‘bout you let us be free?
If they are smart and I think some are they will not be siding with you and your boss you are pathetic and sad a puppy for Trump “here boy “
Thanks for the heads up. Thankfully, I have more constructive things to do.
No.
I see you are on the trump-make-cronies-richer train while you screw the vulnerable and regular hard-working middle-class.
Lindsey, while you are speaking how about demanding that Sessions remove the gag order! Why are all of you so scared of Hillary?
No
Include payroll deductions in your tax reforms
Hi Lindsey, while you're at it, can you try and get the Average Americans a real tax break instead of the wealthy like this plan does?
No.
The Senate GOP Moron! Tax Cuts like THAT irresponsible Healthcare BILL? MORE BS! JUST resign already. GOT Money, FREE gov RETIREment & INS.!
Who cares because you and your cabal have it all wrong. You’re screwing everyone except for the rich
I'm not rich enough to benefit so no.
Tax cut for the rich. Stop calling it tax reform
Wow not only do they lie, they want to tell us where they are lying today, only in America can you justify this. Go Repubs. the lyin party.
Remember to make sure the rich get those tax cuts at the expense of the rest of us!
#TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRusdia #MAGA
Piling debt on our grandchildren in a giant giveaway to the rich is the antithesis of conservative.

SHOW THEM THIS.
Got to make sure you get those rich white guys their tax breaks that you promised them, right? LOL
We can still fend off #disappointment by passing this budget resolution, taking that last best opportunity for #TaxReform.Informative speech
@realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP @SenateGOP 
Don't bother Pocket-Puppet you tried killing us w/#TrampCare. We won't fund your Koch Donor's ASSHOLE
Trump bought you off with a couple rounds of golf and quality time watching ESPN? This tax reform is a sham--a gift to the rich.  Do better.
What happened in Niger??? You seemed very concerned with Benghazi, hope our soldiers in Niger get same attention! Hearings on golf course???
Sad to see your transformation into America’s Weasel.
...and how rich he's going to make his buddies.
Don’t forget to take Trumps balls out of your mouth. Political asskisser
you joined the trump train.  he will throw you under it.  robbing the working class and giving it all to the rich.  
Donnie’s Liddle Lap Dog
We NYers know
How about you support the bipartisan healthcare bill #AlexanderMurray
Republicans working hard for tax cuts for wealthy billionaires and cutting Medicare and Medicaid to fund it. Putting our kids in debt 4 ever


Hope it is nothing like your #healthcarebill because that sucked.
Quit calling this "reform."


What is Trump hiding that he didn't pay & show us his taxes?
Surprised you are at work - it's a nice day out - why aren't you golfing with Donny?!?!
*Tax Cuts
There fix that for ya.
Lindsey, please get your head out of your ass, or Trump's, whichever!
How was playing Golf with Trump?

 Trump earned MONEY from YOUR outing with him.

#EmolumentsClause
So Alaska is beautiful but let's drill it huh No wonder Scott Pruitt was confirmed for EPA by the complicit Trump #GOP
Why were you not able to pull more Senators in favor of your healthcare bill for the betterment of the Americans people?
You have betrayed all the people who voted for you.Suck up.
2 birds w/1 stone consider Universal Health Care/Childcare in your tax reform,just think of abortions you prevent #AffordableFamily worth $$
Ugh


tax cuts for the rich, because they pay for your campaigns...
No thanks. You lost all credibility with that ACA repeal bill joke.
Nope. You have great dress sense but you're wasting your intellect. #25thAmendment
This tax plan hasn’t worked in the past?
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
resign

If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
Why are you cutting healthcare too?!
The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
Seems like a bad deal since we lose healthcare too?
The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
This tax plan hasn’t worked in the past?
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
No.
Resign
Seems like a bad deal since we lose healthcare too?
The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
Not one company has promised to give raises or grow jobs if corporate taxes are cut.Not 1. @POTUS and @GOP don't care about ordinary people!
