Republican and Democrat Presidents for the past 25+ years have warned and complained about the North Korean nuclear program. (2)
No one stopped NK because the price of taking action was deemed too high. 

There’s now no place for him to kick the can down the road.
Nobody is in their right mind believes North Korea is now going to stop until somebody makes Kim Jong Un stop. (4)
We capitulated in the past to evil people and have always lived to regret it. (5)
In my view, giving the leader of North Korea the ability to strike the United States with a nuclear-tipped ICBM - is simply unacceptable.(6)
Agreed. Why didn't you stop Obama from letting this happen? You're weak and pathetic, swayed by the MSM, that's why. Typical politician.
Might be true but his inept ability to lead and his rhetoric has indeed escalated the situation.
To be clear the US always knew how to handle it and we all trusted them. So did NK in its own way. Now congratulations noOne trusts you.
Stating the obvious doesn't excuse his childish, boorish and amateurish approach to this crisis. He's an embarrassment. #FakePresident
Lindsay Graham and Trump will be safely ensconced in protective bunkers when and if Guam or the US is hit with a nuke. Cowards
Correction: the land mine of NK has been there for decades, @realDonaldTrump was only dumb enough to throw proverbial rocks at it.
He possesses the intellectual depth of a 12yr old bully, his frontal lobe hasn't fully developed but he sees a need to assert dominance.
Yea cuz 12yr old bullies raise 5 billionaire successful children & create empires &support charity &give up luxury life 2 USA for free. #WIN
1. It's easy to make money once you have money 
2. His kid's businesses aren't exactly successes
3. There's an investigation 4 charity fraud
And he sure didn't give up his luxury life for free. He's making all kinds of money off this presidency.
While doing virtually no work! Spends all of his time golfing, Tweeting and watching TV!
#winning
North Korea has Nuke all because we wanted diplomacy to work. yet it really worked.
#JusttobeClear  Stop joining our President in making this into some WWE political he-man show.
Lindsey time to strap on your helmet and move to Seoul
This is y a delusional ignoramus will continue 2 be POTUS. Bc @realDonaldTrump insanity has nothing 2 do w Rs in Congress.
I'm sure you and your cronies will be in some nicely furnished shelter when they bomb us and us them.
That's fair. The same is of course true regarding the economy and job market.
Just to be CLEAR We see you low life Trumplicans we won't forget #TheResistance Expect US 
He sure is making it worse.
Then why did he begin to escalate as soon as he got into office? He is to blame.
He escalated it. Worse still he's intellectually and temperamently unfit to deal with it. Your so called "president" is a senile lunatic.
Just to be crystal clear
Stop trying to make up excuses to justify anything fake POTUS does
But there is something called #diplomacy-it's been thrown out the window. #dontstokethefireifyoudobtwantithotter
Senator you and @RandPaul are senate voices of reason I key in on. This mess has many administrations names on it. Appeasement failure.
Bush created it
Lets be clear; Russia wanted a stupid President, Russians are Winning! Never forget that!
And if it is fixable, our President is the one who will do it
hey fainting couch.  A president's job is to deal with extant global crises not whine about them while making them worse.
But when you are in a bad situation, you can make it better or choose to make it much, much worse.
just to be clear Trump is temperamentally unfit to handle this situation! Or any other situation!
Wow. This is some seriously-deranged propaganda coming from a sitting Senator.
And this surprises you why?
Why are you allowing him to come out of his hole on a daily basis and threaten the lively hood of Americans on @twitter no doubt?
BS. NK Korea has been a mess for decades but we have never tossed around threats of nuclear war until now.
I disagree to a point!! He has provoked NK since Jan!!!
But he has greatly escalated it.
Just to be clearer: 

He made it worse.
We spend so much money on missile defense weapons all over the globe. N korea ain't hitting anyone but south korea with a missile.
Sure. OK.
I'm not willing to throw away the lives of the S Koreans (and the THOUSANDS of Americans stationed there) so DJT can tweet stupid threats.
People die, it happens, i hope it doesn't escalate but i have serious concerns about whether kim will wait forever as well as if trump is
Speeding up the conclusion to this
If this conflict is 'inevitable' (I don't for a second think it is) then why on earth would you speed it up?
Ask trump. To be clear I don't want nuclear war but this seems more likely to happen than it did 4 years ago
Doesn't matter whether he inherited it or created it. Fact remains that he is making it worse.
no M F he made it worst!
Yes, he inherited from George W. Bush who deep-sixed the agreement to stop NK's weapons program. I'm sure you supported that, Skeezix.
Stop making excuses for the .
Duuuh.. really? Thanks, "Lindsey," for enlightening us. No one knew how complicated NK was! No one! Believe me!
Knock it off Miss Lindsay. We know there's evidence implicating you & Russian $$$
Oh Sue Louise...I can't unsee that picture!
Just to be clear:

He is handling it like a total clown
And how is that?  He's not apologizing all over the place like Barry Soretoro did!
No, he's tweeting empty nuclear threats from the golf course
They r not threats they are FACTS. It's time a president stands against tyrants not negotiating by giving them nukes like Clinton & Obama!
Maybe you were too busy getting rid of Iraq's weapons of mass destruction.
I love how you claim to be "Patriotic" but are joking about your fellow Americans being nuked. Your really earned the title of Deplorable.
Remember, California said it doesn't consider itself part of the US anymore. So, I'm guessing, they are no longer Americans neither.  
Yeah Lindsey we know that. Thanks for NOTHING!!!!
Just to be clear, Trump is a jackass. And you know it.
It's not what one inherits as pres but how ones handles what is given. This pres doesn't have a clue how to handle anything but a golf club.
Do you think we don't know that? Do you really trust Trump to handle the situation? He's inept. He will get us all killed! #NMAGA
Whatever you say, Honey. Bless your heart.
No kidding!! Don't deflect from the real problem. Which is Trump. His arrogance along w/his ignorance could easily result in a major crisis
Really? No kidding? U r correct but it's in his hands now! How he handles it from here on out is on him! Don't play us for fools! #NMAGA
Very true!
Yes he did.
THE CITIZENS PROBLEM IS GOVERNMENT, STUPID GOVERNORS AND CONGRESSMAN THAT CANT GET ALONE, WORST THAN CHILDREN, CAN'T WORK ON DIFFERENCES.
THAT IS RIGHT, BUT WITH IT CAME YOU PELOSY, SCHUMER, MCKAIN, ALL OF THE MOST REDICULES DC MAFIA THE TERRORISTS ARE IN DC.
You need to back our President!
Just to be clear: President @BarackObama INHERITED the mess with North Korea. 

He did not create it. (1)
And did nothing about it
Just like his predecessors before him, how ironic, but he's doing a heck of a job letting it spiral out of control.

Yep!
We know that! We back our POTUS!
Right....what did it feel like on election night last fall? Did you cry.....and curl up into ball....#MAGA #Winning
I'm glad you're here! 
I love to trigger these clowns....it makes me smile daily!

He didn't create the whole mess, however his reckless comments made a bad situation worse. Trump should've communicated his message better.
I think he communicated his message loud and clear. He called the Nazi KKK folks "us". Listen to the tape.
This is regarding North Korea. Did he say that regarding the NK situation or #Charlottesville ? Just wondering if I missed something.
Wow-I asked you a polite question so you didn't answer & unfollowed me.Nice.Stuff like this splinters The Resistance.Not good for the cause.
.. is handling this situation is not presidential. He is going to get us killed. You can't think this is ok.
He didn't create it but he sure as hell has aggravated it. NO NUKES. Is that so damn hard?? Go watch Hiroshima videos. Shame on you.
Just to be clear.  Trump is your fault, and the fault of every GOP member of congress that votes with him or defends him.
Yes, but he's making it worse
True BUT the dumb ass POTUS isn't making the situation better!
And u created the mess w the bill not allowing trump to fire mueller
Well, thanks, Linds, but I already knew that.
His I'll mannered comments aggravated it
Senator, given that situation in N Korea is bad, in what way does Trump's incendiary rhetoric improve it? Do you approve his words?
I was starting to like u senator lindsey...even though u are a Republican but lately u been going along with trumps crazy talk..whats up 
So did every other President for the last 60+ years, only they were smart and strategic enough not to engage with NK and escalate. Shame!
Trump inherited a circumstance in which we weren't on the brink of nuclear war. You & 45 will rail against Obama as embers smolder around us
Whatever disaster may happen, you, YOU, Lindsey own this. The GOP has tucked tail with all of his hateful behavior.can't blame Obama now
Just to be clear @BarackObama didn't create the problem in NK either...
Where is your outrage over the white nationalist mess in Charlottesville? That has been stoked by this admin, not inherited.
Get it together, Senator. One day you're declaring importance of passing legislation to stop POTUS from doing harm next you're defending him
From who? You've been a "leader"'since 2003? Was this shit show inherited from you.
I'm not shocked at all that you are not condemning DT'S flagrant flaming of this horrific firestorm. Your party needs to reign him in.
And we expect you to support him 100% denounce the Dems for their attempts to undermine his authority!  We know it's all for show!
@CherylBolla @realDonaldTrump 
Wow @LinseyGrahamSC , surprised that you had the balls to speak up for @POTUS!
Absolutely!
Finally you say something to support @Potus?!  Been a long time coming
that can has been kicked down the road at least since Clinton We need more leaders like Trump
Just to be clear. North Korea has been a problem for US presidents since 1945.  No other president has so gleefully challenged their leader.
I inherited a small leak in my basement and decided to fix it by turning on a hose and leaving it running by my foundation.
Agreed, sir. We need to walk softly and carry a big stick. I guess we've already blown the "walk softly" part.
I can't believe you tweeted this..I thought for sure that you were one of the highest paid George SOROS RINOs
Just to be clear... He added fuel to the smolder and added more wood to build the burn.
Why are you and snake McCain selling weapons to terrorists through your arms factory, http://Arsenal.Ltd  in Bulgaria?
He can't start all the messes. I'll give him that. Dip Shit is trying he best though.
Thank you Mr. Graham for telling the truth. God bless you
This traitor finally tweeted something noteworthy!
We may have inherited N. Korean problem, BUT WE DON'T NEED A  PRESIDENT THAT SETS OFF SOMEONE AS CRAZY AS HIMSELF!
True but Trump is carelessly playing games w that mess
every president inherits SOME mess. DJT at least inherited strong alliances to work with.
But does he have to pour gasoline on the fire? All this outrageous word vomit resolves nothing. Just throwing rocks at a junkyard dog.
Unfortunately he inherited you too.
@nadia223 @realDonaldTrump someone's bucking for a promotion. @FletchReports
He's not going to give them up not after he saw what happened to Qaddafi Kim don't like bayonets.
He makes things worse in NK with his talks, now he wants Venezuelan oil and we have alt right evangelicals, kkk, marching. Def a trump world
Uh, by virtue of the office he inherits everything, even the healthy economy Obama left
because he's the only leader with a pair of balls since reagan.
This is all Kim has left. Nothing to lose. UNSC (including China) is strangling him. This will end soon and he will lose.

When's it's bad it's inherited, when it's good it was all him??? Got it
Just to be Clear. Lindsey Graham is a fkn lib pretending to be A republican.
Just to be clear @LindseyGrahamSC
EVERY prez has inherited a "mess." 45 is the ONLY 1 to bring us to brink of war.
Still OK 2 defend him?
JUST TO BE CLEAR... OBAMA DIDN'T CREATE IT EITHER!!
Please tell the world the UK thinks USA a real mess doesn't look good to them at all !!
He's making it worse. Let your grandchildren go fight in North Korea
And just to be clear you're a RINO turncoat swamp beast that @realDonaldTrump has to beat to a jelly
Look who crawled out from under his corrupt rock to say something truthful & supportive. Surprising!
Congress needs to step up and stop 45's taunts and insane tweets. He's going to get millions killed and it will be on your hands.
He just doesn't know how to be diplomatic. Ego chest pumping is all he knows
Glad you finally agree with him on something. Y'all need to get off your asses and do what we the people want and not the establishment.
He knew there was a mess when he sought to be elected. Not a leak, common knowledge! Now Mr Trump runs his mouth & tweets. Not a leader!
Oh ..OK..thank u for sticking up for Trump. For once . while continuing to screw the American people
Along with your fellow republicans. You and all the rest of career politicians must be replaced.
Just to be clear: SAD! That is how I feel knowing you are my senator! Donald Trump is the biggest threat to world piece since WWII!
Your silence and that of your Republican colleagues is deafening! Just to be clear I will make my voice heard at the ballot box.
Just admit, this is about enriching (even more) the military industrial complex & distracting from Trump's Russia thing.
Not just talking like a bully to a bully ok
I'm glad u realize it, maybe you should get on board with helping to push his agenda!
Unfortunately, President Trump INHERITED, you and McCain. The Deep State created you both.
SUPPORT YOUR PRESIDENT,  STOP BEING A RINO!
Our @POTUS Are doing the right thing.Enough of NOKO provocation Previous administration did nothing but give them money Today they have ICBM
True Dems set him up
Absolutely true but IRRELEVANT we as Americans just want it cleaned up without alot of us dying along the way
Just to be Clear: Trumps Big Mouth & macho twitter BS is making the situation 1,000 times worse.
Right, Truman & Chiang Kai-shek get credit for that. @realDonaldTrump merely gets credit for acting as belligerent & crazy as Kim Jong Un
And @LindseyGrahamSC has been in the Senate since 2003, so it's partly your mess @realDonaldTrump is inheriting.
R u crazy too... he's making it worse... come on man
True, but typically you turn the way wind is blowing; talk from both sides of your mouth. What a joke?! Transparently untrustworthy!
Nicholas Bauer, PHD and just exactly WHAT WOULD YOU DO ??
From Bush who refused to honor peaceful agreements
But that seems to be ok with you Lindsey as long as it isn't in the US. 300,000 Americans, civilians & military. Wake up
So did every president before the mentally ill man baby who never stops whining or boasting about how great he is!
U support this pile of ?
To be clearer, he inherited *a* mess just like every other president since Korean War. He *did* create this mess.
Sometimes I feel like you are a fake Republican, either you are against @realDonaldTrump and now you are with him. Because of the way he....
Too bad he wasn't bequeathed a brain.

@SlimHades45 @realDonaldTrump  % on this point. On this we agree
#Hear..I can't figure out what team you are on..it changes depending on the subject it seems
First smart thing you've said in years
Oh so now He's the victim. Poor Don trump . Sad !
Easy there, Senator. You might upset your liberal base.
President Barack Obama didn't create this shit either!!! 
Amen! HW Bush, Clinton, GW Bush, and BO are responsible for the monster we have today- soon to be repeated by Iran- thanks to BO!
The very first statement you made that I agree!
Blame game, really? How statesman like.
Now Mr. Graham, u must admit that this 'mess' has been so for some time, Trump is making it worse w/ his challenging comments. No excuses.
then support him. If you disagree on an issue SHUT UP. Hammer it out offline
Thank you, Senator Graham, one of the few times I actually agree with you!
nobody said that....he had made the situation worse
and just to be clear - immediately doused it with gasoline and lit a cigarette.

This proves that you are 100% ignorant to what goes on in politics
That would be you all a bunch of fakes with trash talk
A deliberated strategy might be more reassuring rather than a goon who needs to hear his own bravado.
FFS you are supposed to be the adult in the room
But he didn't need to make it worse! What on earth is the GOP playing at letting him loose on this?
Dude...he is making it much worse, is the point. #Resist
Bullshit.
Lindsey, you are also part of the mess Trump inherited!!!
He had no idea how to lead. And was led around by the nose by his party.
On the brink of nuclear war and liberals just want to resist! Such immaturity and stupidity!
FinallyLindsey Graham says something I agree with.However, Lindsey Graham, John McCain have been in Congrss for years, what were THEY doing?
Hmmmm...still not down with a nuclear conflict incited by a megalomaniac via low-lexile Tweets 
I would agree that he didn't create it but he sure as hell escalated it!!!
Just to be clear

You are supporting the drum of nuclear war beaten by a man not worthy to be president #YOUOWNTHIS
Thank you Lindsey, it's about time you gave our president a little support. ABOUT TIME.
And he has turned it into something far worse than a mess with his behavior.
U need 2 do more support 4 our President @LindseyGrahamSC
He just escalated it
Yes, but we've never had such a moron in the WH that is equally as crazy as Kim Jong Un.  
Complete twaddle! He inherited what every other President before him has.  But the goddam moron has managed a crisis!
Just to be clear: You know OWN the consequences of his rash behavior.
How is that helpful??? You are just as guilty - what did U do to try to effect change in the past? #SHAMEONYOU #sycophant!
Nothing is different EXCEPT Trump's deranged rhetoric. Shame on u 4 supporting him when he threatens NUCLEAR action, to save his presidency
When r u Republicans going to wake up to how dangerous this man is? After r democracy is gone? After a nuclear war? or when ur jobs r @ risk
He is clearly the most corrupt, inept, POTUS we have ever had. Clearly a puppet of Putin's & yet u all seem to do NOTHING to really stop him
If we all survive him, History will not remember ANY of u well if u allow him to destroy what 100s K have given their lives for
Good to see you say that!! Finally!
No the other idiots like Clinton, Bush, Obama, sound familiar, can we say Iran deal.
It's to little to late lindsey you should have been behind our president from the beginning your nothing but another rino vote graham out
Amen 
Trump has nothing to lose.. Take head north Korea.. Play with fire you'll get burned!
Yep he didn't start it but he'll finish it
This just in... that noise you here is Lindsey bucking for the next seat on the apprentice. The following sucking noises are less SFW
Just to be clear you and the entire GOP congress are committing high treason!
Thank you! Correct!  He needs to do whatever it takes to stop NK from delivering a nuke to a U.S city.
