Lindsey #QueenOfCarolina's got a "blind spot". Guess where.
this isn't a "blind spot"- it's an EMBRACE... a big long wet sloopy kiss w. tongue all the way down the throat .... pooty's orange booty.
How disgusting. Why is it the only time you are on TV it's to BASH @POTUS ? Without him Repubs would have lost. Not listening to the people.
These Republicans are going too learn the hard way. We The taxpayers are their bosses. As far as I'm concerned I'm voting them out.
Me too! Tired of their piss-poor behavior. They r not working for us but for themselves...no surprise here. They forget we r their bosses.
His blind spot is $$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Trusting Russia is like giving a burglar the keys to your house!
It's not a blind spot, it's #kompromat.
Blind spot? Full-blown cataracts!
@realDonaldTrump has his sights squarely set on #russia; post presidential business dealings. #trump
Linds.... TRAITOR... use the word... NAZI... use the word... 
pooty's orange booty.... he's scum....

You don't get it..Russia isn't his blind spot. 

America is.
Believe me you are bigly right. Sad
No, he has personal reasons because, just follow the money.

a commie who is living in the WH.... in OUR White House...the People's House.
They all talk a big game until DT tells them to get in line
Even automobiles now come equipped with a blind spot monitor, but not the office of the President.
It's when someone has the goods on you. His little pee pee got him in trouble while he was in Russia
Eyes wide open. MONEY.
Blindspot = Allegence
Can u answer just this one thing:
<<you are crazy Russophobe who have not got no one proof in your russophobic claims @MeetThePress @chucktodd
With u ur blind spot is criminal  Demos
Liberals! Delusional!
Blind spot is an understatement, he is a Putin groupie!
"Can't you see he's following PUTIN PLAYBACK DEMOLISHING OUR DEMOCRACY/VOTER INFOR. COLLECTION FRAUD,ID THEFT!"
It's hardly a blind spot. It's an agreement. Trump is friends with Putin in a mobster sort of way.
Putin joked on camera at the #G20summit2017 about murdering journalists that hurt Trumps feelings. He didn't have to use the word murder 
What can/will you do to keep America safe and to keep America from being pushed to the side in the world?  (See picture of G-20 leaders.)
Blind spot as big as a fucken barn.
Liberals' blind spot is MSM. Cant see their way around it. Will angrily protest to POTUS MAGA while not realizing their views are skewed
@mitchellreports @LindseyGrahamSC @MeetThePress @chucktodd  Ohhhhhhh Lyndsey I'd such a strong guy. Very weak. Very weak.
I'm afraid it's much bigger than just a blind spot.
Goong to far implying Trump is nearing Treason. Saddens my thought I expect better from NBC.


There are tapes
When it comes to the GOP, you've got a gaping blind spot. How can you continue to blindly follow this traitor & destroy your country?  How?
Graham and McCain are http://P.O.Ws  of fake news NBC. Trump has to deal with Puttin, NBC wants war to hurt their enemy Trump.
Cuz he has money ties to that country. Every buddy needs to wake up about that plus put has personal stuff on him
When it comes to Russia, Trump has a conflict of interest. His actions are best explained by a debtor trying to keep a creditor happy.
Russia has been meddling in elections for decades why is CNN keep reporting Trump and Russia is breaking news?
Actually he went all in with Putin with eyes wide open. Saying he has a blind spot is an understatement.
Andrea Mitchell send your kids to fight Russia war! No fuxin Way are my kids going!
Actually Sen. Graham, he just wants to find out for himself rather than accept what the swamp is telling him.
and the next, most obvious question is WHY?????
Ya think? Too big to call it a blind spot
It isn't a blind spot.
$$$$$$$$$ When is the GOP gonna realize their jig is up. The cat is out of the bag?  #BLOODonYOURHANDS
Or he is seeing dollar signs
His eyes are wide open.  MONEY.
- the only blind spot is what Democrats are doing to the American people.
Country before party! Maybe more will feel emboldened to start speaking out as well! 
#25thAmendmentNOW 
#TheResistance 
#Trumpcareless
Graham is NOT going to put country first.  He has voted with Trump and for Trump consistently.  There are no statesmen left, sadly.
Is a blind spot a politically correct way of saying he is bought and paid for by Russia?
I wonder why ?  Perhaps a look at #TrumpTaxes would provide a clue
No, he knows EXACTLY what he is doing! He owes them, they are blackmailing him!! You must stop this traitor!
#Lindsey...Baby...That's not a blind spot - it's a #BlackHole...
Lindsey Graham and John McCain are supporting George Soros' agenda. Why?
Soros orders McCain then McCain tells Graham
Great blindspot for no one in Senate and Congress to take action on.  This is his most dangerous activity.
And we know why! He owes him! He isn't blind to him. He's afraid of him!
Exactly!
The only blind spot is the MSMs - Trump is smarter than all of them that is their blind spot.
The more important question is WHY does he have a "blind spot" on Russia? Occam's razor: because he knows they helped him win & fears proof
Truth to power
Yeah a Hellen Keller blind spot. It's called #Treason. Welcome to the wrong side of history. Right this way.....

You should not have to expect to do remedial training on a POTUS. If he isn't compromised by Putin, he is an idiot and unfit to serve. It is
your duty to remove him from office.
And until you do something more than lip service to the press about Trump, you are aiding Putin...members of Team Putin.
He is all blind spots
Yeah it is just a blind spot. Nothing else to see here, says the complicit, corrupt, treasonous @GOP
Chucky, Graham is an idiot. Ask the millions of Americans that didn't vote for the moron. Obamy didn't think Russia interfered?
I wonder why @LindseyGrahamSC ?
Ya think! Jesus Christ! Impeach him!
No, he very clearly sees what it is and that's why behaves in this way. This is not about ignorance, it is about active collusion.
Then what are you going to do about it, Senator? Are you with Russia or America? As your constituent, I have a right to know.
Not a blind spot, a weak spot, vulnerable because of hooker tapes
Ah good. So what do you plan to do about it besides talk tough on TV?
Blind spot? He is colluding with the Russians.
It sounds like an "open door" policy!
He may not be "dump," but he IS really fucking stupid. Also, a traitor counting on Russian interference for his reelection.
so do something about it, Lindsey!
Losing perspective poor @LindseyGrahamSC
