https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
Please subpoena President Trump's taxes NOW!
When U stop pretending Trump is really in chrge, you will start being honest w/American people.Trump lies 2 the people.
Lindsey- STOP saying Clapper contradicted himself- A lie is a lie-he lied...he DID collect info  on Trump and others-do your job
When are you going to install a "cone of silence" so we can avoid the "I can't tell you, it's a secret" excuses.
It behooves you to know that the R's hostility was noted. Are they not eager to get to the bottom of #RussianCollusion, and if not, why not?
There's NO COLLUSION!We do know a felony was committed w/ unmasking. Russia tried & we need more security
I'm all for a plan to prevent but this is becoming absurd  rabbit hole
You're just not correct.
Tell me how I'm incorrect and what collusion evidence is there? I'll wait.....
Tell ME why you think there is NO evidence.
and waste time so he can't get things done. Distraction from issues that would help Americans. I.e. Infrastructure
Trump is doing a fine job of delegitimizing himself. He needs no help there.
How can Ukraine believe you and John McCain will protect them from Russia when you don't stand up to protect US?
Please hang tough and follow the evidence and the money
Waiting for Apology to @NPPA and the public for derogatory comments to photographers on Monday.
Do your job the questions asked were not hard enough. Softball questions. Prosecute
Here, Here, let's give Graham some credit for a calling out the Russians.  Very few Republicans do that Publicly!
How about who will investigate trump now that he fired comey. The person investigating him.
Greta belongs on FOX has spoken to @BWilliams only discussing Comey and not the actions of the  man and involvement w/RUSSIA
Flynn worked for Obama why didn't he fire him?   Why aren't you going after Obama? He spoke on mic that he would be flexible to Russians
What's the story w/the call w/Putin, Flynn & @POTUS that apparently wasn't recorded?  #shadesofnixon
When did you become a Democrat you turncoat? There is no evidence of collusion. Focus on Susan Rice, FISA, and unmasking
They need to having a hearing on Hillary Clinton and all Clintons criminal actions all I can do is shake my head Ignorance is bliss
It'd be great if you could keep the committee members focused on #TrumpRussia instead of letting them veer off to HRC emails & travel ban.
The fact there is no Trump Russia GOP and DEMs have  said this please find something different
So, clearly you didn't watch the testimony today.
Yes i did and Clapper and Yates were both asked was there any evidence of collusion with any campaigns with our election bith said NO
Yates said she could not answer the question.
Umm actually almost at the end both were asked AGAIN Do you believe there was any collusion with either party both said no there is no
Evidence they said there was evidence of Russia interfering try again
He said he wasn't made aware of the investigation, therefore he didn't know of the evidence. Today was a disaster for Trump.
Senator... When will you & many of your Rep Congressmn put country before party? Comey fired? Are you kidding me? Stand up and do something!
The heading was vital. It was shameful that most of the GOP senators left well before it ended.
We don't care about you Nancy Graham
Greta who?
Do not give into party.... WE the people are outraged and seeking justice... trumps interference is abominable!
I'm such a fan, Senator Graham!!
Thank you for actually acting like an American today!
Overhaul the judiciary they r not the law of the land
We definitely need independent task force & council. #trumpcolluded If GOP says no then wondering how many were involved like @jeffsessions
democracy is beyond moronic.
I can no longer be a Republican. The obsession over leaks & emails instead of the threats from hostile foreign governments on our d
Let her know that politicians will NOT receive an exemption from the AHCA
Putin own you too?
At least you weren't rude like your GOP colleagues. They should be ashamed of themselves
Did it ever occur to you that the Trump White House leaked that Flynn lied?
Complicit
Seriously what is wrong with you? Your questions on incedential collection appear to be More Important 2 u than Russian interferrence why?
So admire Sally Yates. She is one in government with integrity. Because of that integrity, I believe she was fired. Don't ignore the truth.
Did u ask Yates about trust in Dep AG b/c u think Congress is going to request a spec prosecutor? Are you aware of discussions about this?
Or do u think her response will be used to justify not appointing a special prosecutor?
And about Trumps tweeting during hearing!!??
This hearing is all a show just like the apprentice was. Scams, fake and down right awful.  @realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump and you should apologise to @VP for allowing him to go on tv and lie to the American people for the benefit of 45.get facts
.Funny.  You seemed to think that it was about leaks and unmasking.  An independent counsel is needed to get to the truth.  You won't.
@realDonaldTrump knew he was involved, knew from the start until he got caught. Then he covered it up with fake news and more lies.
For him to lie, aide the Russian and allow @realDonaldTrump repeated to call on wikileaks to hack our election. Do what you promised.
Your praise of gen.  flinn during his hearing and campaign, and your continued deflection of the fact is evident. Lock him up! Or is it ok
What about proof? What about the unmasking? Why don't you answer the tough questions that America wants to know? #DrainTheSwamp
Yep I was right. You have no intention of getting to the bottom of this. Are you afraid that your defense of the admin. Will find you guilty
@Kasparov63 @greta thought it was "hacking"...?
I believe the hearing today was handled fairly and that Sally Yates did her job and withheld the law.
Why did you allow those senators to batter Atty. Yates about the failed immigration ban when the hearing was about Russian interference?
good job on the hearing.  now hall their butts into a secure room!
The only interference was that they dug up dirt on Hillary, no direct interference.
Wow you and John McCain live on the Networks...
Good job.  Now find out the answers to your questions!  You know where there is smoke there's fire.  It doesn't take 18 days.
don't you mean you will be lying on greta?
dont blame Pres. Obama. flynn was FIRED. trump is a shady pos &fired Yates. he wouldnt have fired flynn w/o leak now #lockhimup #LockThemUp
Thanks for your service today for the American people.
I'm ashamed of you Sen.! You are embarrassed by the fact that Wapo has to point it out for anything to happen!! CLEAN UP THIS MESS!
Keep digging on his business ties with russia.
How come no one is concerned about Saudi Arabia influencing elections
Senator, were your Republican committee members (except perhaps @BenSasse) informed about the hearing's topic? Hint: not on HRC's email.
I feel you are trying to help Trumps crew u more worried about leaks then collusion history will not look kind at GOP and non patriotism
That was a nice comment about the 400 pound person in your opening statement. Nice for a loser hack!
Your partisan Repub hacks should be ashamed! It was about Russia, not Muslim Ban and leaks! 
The Trump administration needs to fire Flynn, get it past them & move on... yes insert sarcasm here! 
Senator good job today. Great to see bipartisan co-op. Other Sens showed their mettle, or lack thereof. Trump tweets = bogus. Thank you.
Increasingly clear Trump is an illegitimate, comprised fool. Don't become an apologist or worse Senator.
I watched you and wasn't convinced that you were too concerned about the Russian interference.  Sounded like you cared more about who leaked
Great job sir. As a register d democrat, I thank u for ur concern in this matter and ur patriotism ! @CNN @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews @MSNBC
Independent Investigation, it was quite evident that the committee was unable to focus on the subject at hand. Pretty pathetic
Please do a show people watch. @maddow?
Good job.
What happened to country over party? What happened to when it comes to investigating Russia u don't have to worry about Sens Graham/McCain?
Your Republican colleagues seemed more concerned with leaks to the WaPo than the Russian interference with our election.
Youre the sort of hypocrite who'd applaud Bernstein and Woodward but chase after a leak which told a truthful tale your NSA was Kompromat
He is more worried about leaks, by patriots, letting us know what happening
Shame on you twice for prioritising the leaks equally with the Russians interference. You wouldn't have cared had this been Clinton.
Can you speak to how @JohnCornyn and @tedcruz have made it this far in politics without any balls?
Shame on you and your toadying GOP colleagues. What the hell did Muslim bans have to do with Russia?
You wasted your time asking about unmasking, which no one cares about when you could have probed about #TrumpRussia. You're an embarrassment
How is 18 days not a long time? Be honest with yourself and us.
Why LINDSEY, are you more Concerned about UNMASKING than RUSSIAN COLLUSION with YOUR POTUS????????????????????????????????
It was a hearing on Russian interference? Why didn't Graham tell the other repubs that?
At a minimum, your  GOP cmte members should stay for the entire meeting. They should be OUTRAGED abt Flynn's lies.
Don't need to listen.
So soon?  In prosecutor's office after such investigation time is needed to absorb the information, yet you run to Greta?
@Kasparov63 @greta please tell me these hearings and the unanswered questions won't go away.
please stop trying to change the subject...leaking and unmasking are what you're focused on? come on!
Maybe you can explain your absentee colleagues  missing most of the hearing, Senator. Perhaps its not critical that Flynn was comprised?
You worked very hard to protect Trump & Putty, thank you. Now we know who's side you are on & it's not America's.
Have you ever thought that leaks came from WH to force Trump to fire Flynn? Seems that Trump needed a push to get rid of traitor Flynn.
R U going to offer red herrings about inconsequential stuff like unmasking?
why is the leak itself as important as the info leaked?
GRETA PLZ ASK HIM WHY HE THOUGHT IT WAS OK FOR FLYNN TO REMAIN IN WH FOR 3WKS AFTER THE WH WAS TOLD FLYNN WAS COMPROMISED
Who leaked?  Put Clapper under oath
PLEASE focus on the concerns over Russia and Trump admin w/out devolving into whether Dems or Repubs "won" this round. #CountryOverParty
We dont wanna hear shit about a leak. Lock Don and crew up!
I hope she asks why the GOP members were not asking questions about the Russian interference in the election?
We don't wTch that lib rag network
Hey Senator can you plz ask Ted Cruz if he's doing ok after that burn?
I could not believe he was actually asking about those damn emails. There are so many other important things that needed answering.
Yates burned him on a law question:
Sally Yates just shut down Ted Cruz on Constitutional Law. 
Yep that was great! He got skooled. 
Be sure to talk a lot about unmasking and leaks, because that's waaay more important than a compromised NSA & possible treason.... 
Thank you for spearheading this.  With a couple of notable exceptions everything stayed on track.
Ya'll didn't much focus on interference (?!) but rather unmasking. Weird because a few weeks ago (R)'s and (D)'s confirmed that as normal.
Are you going to explain why the majority of Republicans, your party refused to ask ?'s about how Russia attack the US?
I know and kept asking those being interviewed about being partisan when I think they both worked for republicans and democrats.
We The People demand an independent investigation. You all have shown yet again you're not up to the task
BTW "Some guy" is Christopher Steele a former MI6 British Intelligence Officer 
You need to put your big boy pants on, quit talking about leaks. Without leaks Flynn would still be in the WH. Yates fired, Flynn stayed on
UnMasking vs Treason and Election Tampering????? And you give equal concern to the former????? Get your head out of your ass, sir! #russia
#Greta
Acknowledged: Sen. Lindsey GRAHAM of South Carolina
@CSPAN 2 U.S. Senate: Floor voting
By prefacing your statement with "...on Russian interference" you concede conclusions to arguments not yet substantiated. Insert "attempted"
Not yet substantiated??? It has been determined, without a DOUBT, across all 3 intelligence agencies that it WAS THE RUSSIANS. Accept it!!
Please keep following the truth Seator. You seem to be the only republican who isnt crying but her emails. Get to the bottom of this.
Leaks over Country + Party before Country =Russia before Country
Are you at all concerned about Flynn trading secrets with the Russians? Do you even care about him compromising National Security?
To sum up #SenateJudiciary
I respect you and trust you with our national security. Please protect #ACA in the same vein. SC lives depend on you
Hey Senator, not concerned with 18 days to deliver sensitive documents to Russia? What country are you sworn to protect??#countryoverparty
Great job today! Pleased to hear you're not done yet.
Maybe you could touch on the fact that your GOP colleagues seem entirely unconcerned about the RU influence?
please comment on the endurance of your fellow R's
Plz tell your fellow cmte members to stay on topic! Muslim ban?  How is that connected to Russian interference? I must be missing something
Big nothing burger hearing.. Waste of money
If we aren't here to talk about Russia. Than we are having a pointless hearing. Guess what....   More Tax payer money wasted. THX HACKS
Yeah, tell her the 'Freedom of the press has gone too far' story!
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC  for the Info. Mr. Clapper is correct. The only way for us to know is for you to tell us the truth in open forum.
Why to continue the trump Russia coverup ?
It does matter that it took 18 days to fire Flynn.  IT DOES MATTER!
Flynn has ALWAYS Maintained his "Russian-Ties" were Completely-INSIGNIFICANT. It is the Democratic-Narrative that Insists Flynn "LIED".
It was about russian interefence? Huh. Repubs didn't seem at all concerned about Flynn and Russia.
Flynn has ALWAYS Maintained his "Russian-Ties" were Completely-INSIGNIFICANT. It is the Democratic-Narrative that Insists Flynn "LIED".
They weren't insignificant. He did lie.
But "HE CLAIMS" his Ties were SO-INSIGNIFICANT he had No-Reason-Whatsoever to mention any conversations with Russian Diplomats. THAT'S TRUE.
It's a Dem Narrative that INSISTS Flynn-LIED. I recall Pres Trump Never FIRED-Flynn, he asked him to step-down, ironically, to AVOID "Stuff"
TRUE - Vice-President Pence Misled-the-USA by Claiming that which was Untrue. Flynn says he Wasn't LYING >> His Contacts were "MEANINGLESS".
This is a hearing abt Russian election interference. So why are GOP senators so hostile towards the witnesses? Co. Ask @greta
You did well today Senator - I commend you..
