rather block
Your support of Sessions for AG is VERY disappointing, Senator.
stand up against bannon #stopsessions. Think of the Charleston nine. This hateful rhetoric cannot continue!
Dude you really letting us down. Get out of line and grow a pair!
Vote no
he needs to be blocked
vote no on Sessions.
Glad Sessions is out of committee now and on way to the floor.   Next thing support POTUS on immigrtn.
We need moral Republicans with a backbone. Show Democrats that you have one.
good luck with that. Find one and we will pay him more to change. And he will
Please insure voting rights for the people of SC. Say no to Jeff Sessions.
I can't watch this slow motion bus crash. #midterms #NoBanNoWall #women#rights
I am embarassed by the way the Democratic Party is behaving. Thank you Sen Graham & the Republicans  for rising above
you are last sane voice against ignorant power grabbing president. Please vote against Sessions.
nope. do not approve him. give him a dignified way to get out of this disaster.
Nope. He's tainted by years and years of promoting racism. Vote no.
Please vote NO on DeVos.  She is grossly unqualified and MI experiment speaks for itself.  Thanks from HHI.
no thank you. I don't like to watch carnage, like train or car wrecks. How's the Russian election hacking investiga going?
This President will destroy your party as you know it.. Get a backbone!!
you NEVER even heard Merrick Garland a very moderate pick.. unfair
once agian, thanks for being a chump!
I hear the ass kissing now
I object
Vote no!!!
please vote, NO on Sessions.
So you change the rules to ram through Trump candidates. Who exactly are you representing? Billionaire cabinet!
Don says, 'Bitch boy, bend over, break democracy more than you already have, in Putin's honor'
you are voting a racist??
Yes, it's amazing what you can do when you suspend the rules. Remember that when Dems are in charge
Vote No!
he is going to just follow Trump's wishes and He is mentally ill war,waterboard,suppression we need balance and Sessions No
you should be ashamed. The hypocrisy of the @GOP is staggering.
Get out of the closet and get into the streets. Your country needs you. Enough namby pamby Sir!
He is compromised.  Vote NO.
Please have a backbone and say no!
Thank you for confirming you support bigotry.
Get it done already 
where's the democracy?
not a pair of balls between all the Republican disgracefuls in the room!
this is not the end to my objections. Washington is broken and in end of prayer.
NO!  Vote no on this poor nomination!  Our nation deserves better!
shame on you Mr. Graham I saw the elderly women dragged out of the court room for objecting to vote. You never have my vote
Please vote no. He is not a safe attorney general choice for the country.
as a South Carolina resident I implore you to vote NO!
Shame on you Mr. Graham.
this vote will end up taking you and your career down.
Vote NO Lindsey!!   Put on your big boy pants and do the right thing.
Coward. There will be blood on your hands.
#MeetingOver #MoveForward. #GOPMajorityRules #Yes
Shame on you, Senator. This man will allow Trump to do terrible things. You are selling out our country. God Help Us now
vote no
As a citizen of SC I'm begging you to use your conscience here again. Sessions is beyond inappropriate for AG. Vote no!
Make peace with POTUS for America First..People will respect you for that 
vote NO on Sessions
Nooooo!!!!
you seem like a man of integrity.  Please live up to this title and vote no on Sessions #peoplebeforeparty
Please, demonstrate honor for the nation. Vote against the confirmation of Jeff Sessions!
Wow! You're really on top of things there, Senator. Better time would be spent supporting the Rep. administration.
vote NO!
putting a racist in charge of protecting civil rights. Nice.
stephen miller is the reason to NOT approve Sessions!
Session helped write TRAVEL BAN EO, along w Stephen Miller, mentored by White supremacist Spencer. Miller on Sessions staff
Will not watch, not interested in giving my time to racist a-holes!
NoNoNoNoNo
And if you had integrity, you'd vote no. Let's see what happens...
you are not listening to the people that voted for you!
No to Session!!!!! NO NO NO NO NO and then again NO NO NO NO! I thought about it and still think NO NO NO NO NO NO.
How is he qualified? GOP Senate blocked past confirmation, but now he's ok to be AG? Shame on you
please no!
Rather watch the progress of flesh eating amoebae on my arm. Have a better viewing tip? Gone With the Wind perhaps?
an idea: Put Gorsuch in as AG and Garland in SCOTUS
no on Sessions!
vote NO
It is ok to disagree without hurling insults and threats.  I had many fears about POTUS44 AG and the US survived IWBOK
I am watching and I don't care if you think he is a good man. He is only good for white men born in U.S.
Very good, sir. We, your voters, are standing firmly behind you in your support of President Trump's picks.
Wake up senator, it's time to nuke the Socialist oops I mean Democratic Party and push all nominees through
Vote no. He is an overt racist. He does not represent the values of this country.
You'd best vote no. 
You've put yourself back in the Party before country camp.
Republicans OWN this now.  Whatever happens now is YOURS.  Essentially, your out of excuses...Get your shoulder pads!
Dude, I happen to like you, but let's call it what it has become: A Bannona Republic #Bannon
#stopsessions The majority of voters say no to Sessions.
Much quicker than I thought. Good.
You know what America needs right about now, please let it happen @POTUS @VP
vote no!
I hope there is a vote today.  No more of the Dem stall tactics.
confirm Mr Sessions
we are paying close attention to the decisions you make at this critical time. You too, sir, can be replaced
I know you have to expend your political capital judiciously, but Sessions sucks. Wrong side of history.
Please vote NO
Please vote "no." Justice for all.
Please vote no.  This is a decisive moment in history. Be remembered on the right side of it.
What a sad day for America.
PLEASE Senator. Please understand the blank check you are giving the President if you approve. Sessions & Bannon = danger
watching your vote closely. Vote NO please...from a SC voter.
shameful, Sessions is Jim Crow era bigot.
You were our last hope for a vote No to protect our country through checks and balances. Not sure history will be kind to u
fuck the GOP! Time to burn everything down!! Revolution now!!!
Please vote no! We will all remember the few Republican holdouts from the party of Lincoln, not the party of Bannon!
please vote no if there is any part of you that is still human.
Grow a set and vote No!
I am disappointed you are not demanding someone with the necessary independence from the president to check his lunacy.
We need the GOP to stand up for US checks&balances,not stand by and watch our democracy implode. This will be your legacy.
Don't vote for him, please
Lindsey Please disappear and take McStain with you...Pelosi,Reed, Pocahantas...
Vote NOI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
good 'ole boy system in our Government..
He is a hypocrite.He asked ms yates if she would go against Pres Obama, she said yes, but sh was firedwhen shedid withtrump
Thumbs UP, you know where my vote LIES, Sen. Lindsey Graham
There not giving @POTUS an equal opportunity to succeed & have equal chance as we gave the previous president.
senator Feinstein nailed him last night. Unfit for the position and a Cult of Trump bigot.
if that anti-American Feinstein is against him he must be the best man for the job and good for America
yeah right she's the most articulate person in the room . GOP has lost its moral integrity.
yeah if you say it enough I'm sure other people might believe it also.
please vote no to Sessions and thank you for being one of the very few from either side to stand up to Trump!
Anyone who votes against him will pay the price in their net election.
please vote NO
Only person who wins w/ hard line approach is Steve Bannon. We need 2 unite against the plan to annihilate gvt not help him
marchers become voters who will not be fooled again by a demagogue who lets extremists Bannon run his government
just admit #PresidentBannon is running every thing!
Save us. This man is not AG material.
no no no a thousand times no!
#Confirm All APPOINTEES NOW!
You guys are going to destroy this country. The division is growing exponentially and Reps are responsible for it
Ugh.
You're voting no correct?
r watching as GOP violates all right of DEMS no checks and balances and 2018 will be here before u no it remember marchers
I can't .. what he stands for is not what I stand for and shouldn't be for this country
just say NO Lindsey!!
Please vote no for our safety @LindseyGrahamSC
we’re watching. we’re watching everything the GOP is doing. and we’ll remember in 2018
I hope so if you watch carefully I'm sure you'll be a Republican 2018
I will not be voting for you Graham and I sure will make sure no one around me does either.
delusional man thinks he's part of a MAGA movement. Your token value was applied during the campaign.
NO to this known racist! Don't set the country back!
Please vote against this Lindsey. You know he is a bigot and horrible nominee.
vote No to sessions. We can do better than that!
maybe we can get an AG calls us nation of cowards or one that has a private meeting with people that are under investigation
go nuclear
Democrats will vote hell no.
~ Say NO, Lindsey.
