I would rather stick needles in my eyes. Go on any other station but Faux news aka state run media
How about leaving Afghanistan as a strategy.
I was never a big fan, I am now, loved the way you shut Rand Paul down! Well done, Sir!
Are you okay with him having @BetsyDeVosED brother establish this Afghanistan policy? He's bankrupted Secret Service-whats next?
That be Erik Prince who is brilliant,surprisingly that his own had terned on him & Betsy had admitted that her family donated $200m to RNC.
Are you really okay with @BetsyDeVosED blatantly saying she wanted some bang for her buck? Clearly not just giving on principle?
No she bought her position that she certainly is not qualified for !

No thank you!
Hopefully you won't use the word "losers" #boypresident
Why? This is all a distraction.
Go on MSNBC sometime too okay?
I would only watch you on tv if you were resigning! MAGA!
Sorry not on Fox, they report "alternative facts"
Hope you Continue to Stand Up !
I don't often agree with you, but I think you're a statesman, willing to work across the aisle. Appreciate that but can't watch  FOX.
Watching Phoenix. POTUS mad as a hatter. Protect our nation by getting him out of office.
Get off Faux news and I will. Try a real news network and your message will carry more weight.
You're like implying republicans have a strategy... so cute!
Let me guess you are still so clueless you are going to wage war thinking it's how to bring about PEACE?!
Don't watch fox
Here's what you should also be advocating.
I advocate for the immediate arrest of anyone appearing at a protest wearing a mask. A mask displays a terroristic threat, not free speech.
Sorry Linds, I don't do @FoxNews (You shouldn't either...)
Latest distraction Lindsey?
Hope you have one.
Lindsey graham The countrys failure to adapt.TO; The peoples new direction,lead by trump. You are found to better represent democrats&muzzie
Not a Fox fan
So basically you are going into damage control? You are a damn clown!
.U all excited you'll be on camera? Thanks for the warning, I'll be sure to watch Columbo reruns.
Adding 4,000 troops is hardly a strategy
Unless you are willing to stand up for America against @POTUS I don't care about you or anyone else on the hill! America before Party
Why would we watch a fake republican on fake news?
This war is unwinnable. Trump doesn't want to be the POTUS that loses the war, so he throws more money & troops at it to put off the loss.
Ok, senator Graham, no problem. But could you please run for president? Also stop praising Trump
Twitter sucks &so do you,you should be on NBC CNN ,some place stupid as you!
Nope ....how about @msnbc
Fox News!  #1 among spineless Senators who are Trump supporters!
Why are you appearing on fake news @foxnews
#WarMonger
So don't watch Faux News.
Does he condemn this also or is he a shill like you?
That would be a waste of time. S. Carolina you can do better than this!
I will be sure to turn it off before you talk. Lindsey, Tim and Joe must go. Down with establishment republicans.
Fox News is not allowed in our home. Please find another sponsor for your news.
It's pretty bad that the Dems can count on you, but you can't help the people that voted you in office and for President Trump! So sad
Explain why we are stirring up crap in Afghanistan? You're willing to kill our soldiers for politics? Shame on all of you Relublicans.
Try something better in the morning.....
You lost me at "Fox"
What about Trump? Are you aligned with his white supremacy?
I will be sure not to watch you!

.why not go on a real news network 
Who cares?
Wow
Pls include GOP strategy to remove unhinged POTUS
INVOKE THE 25TH AMENDMENT !!! I'll WATCH THAT on ANY CHANNEL !!!
Hope you support our incredibly wonderful POTUS; get behind him, help him, fight for him, defend him, and don't get in the way.
Who cares rhino
Genuinely interested in your response, but nowhere near enough to turn to Fox. Fox is enabling the madness. #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendment
WHY? TO HEAR YOU TWIST THE TRUTH AND RUN HIM DOWN? GET OUT OF THE WAY IF YOUR NOT GOING TO HELP POTUS!
You should be discussing Terrorist's Antifa, Militant & Racist BLM & Violent Leftist Rioters, the ATTAck ON FREE SPEECH & Propaganda News
I won't.
Nope #Fakenews
If Trump resigns I will tune in
I'm sorry the only 'strategy' I want to hear being discussed is how to get rid of trump. I'm sick of the @GOP giving this idiot a free pass
If he plans to place more troops then he lied to the American people about extracting us from this eternal mess.
You snake in the grass
@FoxNews ??? I hope you plan to speak truth to power because they normally don't air that.
Unless you can support the President, please don't get on Fox just to bloviate.  You are good at that.
Support the President, Senator Graham.
The first step should be to remove DJT as commander and chief.
I like you Sir, but no way do I tune in to FOX. Fake news!
OMG stop giving viewing advice like Trump. And why do you tag POTUS? He doesn't use that account because he's MODERN president 
Does that make you feel good going on tv, you don't support the president and can't get anything done shame on you
Why to listen to you cause more division
I don't watch failing Fox News!
Why @FoxNews ???
Lindsey, you KNOW DT is not fit for  Presidency! And Fox, please. Hard pass on that. Nothing like more military action 2 rally Americans. NO
Are we exiting the waste of money and life that is Afghanistan?
I'll be watching @SpeakerRyan on @CNN
@LindseyGrahamSC  Why u/GOP at @FoxNews? @realDonaldTrump sayFAKE NEWS;theyR FAKE(LIES). Mostly @Fox make Pres. perfect. Only God's perfect.
Ill watch when you grow a set of balls and call for the impeachment of the deranged puppet in the WH
Fake news, NO thanks
Are you going to HONESTLY Support @POTUS? or continue looking at your 
$$$own interest according to Hillary wishes???? 
Hope you will be on another network besides Fox. Not the most reputable.
Why do you only go on Fox News? Are you afraid of the real News? You're always on state-run media.
Two great reasons I'm happy I don't have cable.
Lindsey is a rhino
What tax payers paying Erik Prince Trump said he would pull out of Afghanistan .One more lie
Sorry Linds, 'Fox Is Fake News' so I won't be watching. I'll have lots of company, too.
All you folks should give FoxNews another try, since Murdocks boys took over, its a lot closer to the luney left! #rinoland
Tell him to resign.
No way will I watch Fox. Lindsey - what are you thinking?! Thank God for John McCain!
Oh you mean like the strategy you had in 2001 to kill soldiers steal millions and destabilize an entire region? Please speak on
Easy to guess: more war. More profits for the rich. More dead young kids.
Hope tonight is a @POTUS resignation!  If not, then remove him @LindseyGrahamSC
You & @POTUS put diff aside - unite
Don't care need to not be there
Go home Lindsay , you aren't  the president .The whole lot of you are a waste of time . Let people with guts represent us.
Strategy #1. Get that freaking lunatic out of the Oval Office. His daily evidence of instability, intolerance & ignorance make him unfit.
Intelligent people don't watch Fox News.
If you really wanted to affect meaningful progress & change, you & yr colleagues would be working on impeachment.Trump is unfit for the job!
Sorry watching p Ryan on cnn
You aren't President. You should be supporting the Presidents policy.

I don't watch fox fraudcasting.
When are we going to get to the strategy of getting rid of that worthless piece of crap in the White House?
I will never tune in to faux @FoxNews
The Murdoch-owned propaganda "news" network.
I don't do Faux News. I only do real news.

But more importantly, how was the eclipse?
Shut up and impeach, coward
Unless you are going to denounce the racist fool, there is no need to even watch. #IMPEACHTRUMP #NOROOMFORHATE
Fox and News shouldn't be used together.  Fox is turning into State/Trump run propaganda.  Trump is great is always the story of the day.
Chasing cameras once again?
Wish you were going to be on CNN!! Fox is unwatchable!!!
Never watch fox
Why?
FOX again,huh? You always have to play to the friendly 'reporters', don't you? Pathetic.
NO MORE WAR, PLEASE!!  
#IMPEACHTRUMP!!!!
Not real sure I want to hear what you think or if I would even believe your self-serving butt!
Will be be emphasizing that there are good people on both sides?
Nope.
I'll try, but honestly you shouldn't give Fox News any credibility.
I will not watch you until you start standing up for President Trump. I am a registered voter in South Carolina.
Nobody With any intelligence watches Fox News.
I'd rather focus my naked eyes on the eclipse.
I'm with you!
What are you fomenting for your boss now?
Get your act together. Start supporting Trump.
I refuse to watch @FoxNews propaganda network.  Go on @MSNBC @NBC @CBS @ABC @CNN
I would if you were on CNN or MSNBC....EXPAND your horizons
Why won't any Repubs appear on @MSNBC??
How about making our country safer and do something about the Nazi lover Trump
Nope. Not wasting my time watching g anyone or anything on @FoxNews
How about discussing how we move forward in America? #TrumpResignNow would be a great start!
Bummer. Would love to hear what you have to say but I can't watch Fake Fox News.  Mr. Graham, please join the rest of the sane world.
This is what privatization looks like if you are thinking of giving Erik Prince a contract in Afghanistan.
These USK9 dogs were killed in Kuwait when a contract was ended with Eastern Securities of Kuwait (US company).  If this is how they value
animal life....imagine what BLACKWATER 2.0 will do do human beings.  NO PRIVATE WAR IN AFGHANISTAN!
Incorrect. Nearly 40% of the population is now literate. This is an extremely poor, mostly rural country. The progress is real.
@LindseyGrahamSC@POTUS@@FoxNews STOP the FOREVER WAR!!
No thanks Senator, you hide in the shadows and  take pot shots at POTUS the second some Fake News Reporter sticks a Mike in your face..
I won't knowing you're on
Sorry Mr Graham but I am not too fond of you for not supporting our POTUS. Whatever happened to disagree agreeably? Working together?
Go on a real network, not a propaganda tool and I would tune in.
It would be great if you would try other networks. Your credibility would improve immeasurably
From the comments I'm seeing it seems that @LindseyGrahamSC has many more left leaning "fans" as a Republican Senator 
Shouldn't Joe Lieberman be rubbing suntan lotion on you?
Never watch Faux Fake News. They are a threat to democracy. Shame on you.
Lord help us
Sorry to hear it. Bring some disinfectant.
Fox?  I just lost the last modicum of respect.
Hope you put #CountryOverParty
No thanks! Your words mean nothing to me! As for fox I will watch his speech on One America News!
You mean our strategy going backward? 'Cause 15 years on & nobody has any new ideas except to go back to a previous version of fail.
Call for a #TrumpResign
Oh come on Lol ndsey, you can do better than the propaganda state fake news!  Ugh, Disgusting!
Sir I like you, but Fox is an advocate of the present administration .
Sorry I refuse to watch Fox. I will just have to read what you said in the NYT
NO CREDIBILITY.
I'll be on my couch, mortified at the state of presidential leadership in this country. Hope you help end this nightmare soon.
As long as you continue to talk out of both sides of your mouth, @LindseyGrahamSC, don't count on it!
#ImpeachTrumpNow
We The People demand "going forward" without a toxic, corrupt DT in charge 
Will you be discussing how to remove him from office?
May I suggest that you discuss the POTUS and his team's strategy for Afghanistan instead of your own.
The strategy should be to get out of that corrupt, opium infested hell hole!
Don't watch Fox News. That is Trump Fake News. I hope to see you on MSNBC or CNN
Not to FOX.  Why not go more centrist, Lindsey...stay off of State TV.
Fox "news" - now that is a joke.
No confidence in GOP enabling profiteering hypocrite leadership. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Not to FOX.
