Talking healthcare w/ governors on call organized by @LindseyGrahamSC & @BillCassidy - it's vital we listen & heed advice of our governors
Maybe next time you could include some democratic governors. Work for All Americans!
I believe it was the Democrat Radical Liberals that created this Insurance Crisis! March 23, 2010 economic destruction of our economy began!
2010 I got health insurance for the first time in years because of a preexisting condition. So bullshit to your economic destruction
I'm happy to pay a little extra every year so that someone who couldn't get healthcare before can get it now. I don't understand this.
Your sentiments are sincere & your heart is pure. I had 50,000 people working 6 corps! I closed them because I could no longer make payroll
I'm sorry to hear that. I hadn't heard of any major providers closing in SC. The industry in my area is thriving.
The Energy sector was destroyed by using the EPA. Then OBC and everything in the pipeline industry shutdown. The economic destruction total.
I don't see that at all. My house, kids' 529s, mutual growth fund and my 401k have all rebounded well since losing half their value in '09.
Why do you never include Democrats in any of your 'discussions.' The Republicans have become a divisive white mens' club. So un-American. 
We are cleaning up the mess from 8 years of UN American! I am not surprised that You failed to recognize this blatant and obvious fact! Lol
WoW! So U just live under a rock? U have syphilis? Hit your head on the reg? I just cantbwrap my mind around why U would say something so
Hes CAUGHT and is activly trying to gather info on Pardoning himself and the rest of his bandits! What does it tell you when a guy in under
Several investigations, his campaign, and transition team & Cabinet have ALL been caught lying about their NUMEROUS meeting with Russians,
We are now finding out there is SOLID PROOF OF COLLUSION, trump is having Panic attacks becus sessions recused himself and "UNFAIRLY"
Made it so he couldnt scrap the investigation. Now we KNOW trump is thinking about foring YET ANOTHER person investigating hi, making it
What page, paragraph and line does it say that this Senate Bill is going to REPEAL OBAMACARE 100%? B/C until you fulfill that UR not done.
That's great. Aren't you concerned about how our President colluded with Putin and is trying to start a cybersecurity partnership with him?
When Iran and North Korea rain down Radioactive Uranium on the US that Putin sold them will it be from Uranium One? Ask Comrade Hillary!
Pay more than lip service to your belief's and vote NO today on the vote to proceed to GOP skinny health repeal! Our employee plan at stake
Please vote No. Fix the ACA.  Of course. But please don't leave millions of Americans without healthcare.
What happened to reaching across the aisle to include ALL Americans??
Please, Senator, vote NO today and pursue reasonable improvements to healthcare by regular order
You clowns had years to come up with something. We will repeal and replace all of you as soon as possible.
I hear that
Sir, please consider the TENS OF MILLIONS of Americans that will suffer with this legislation, even those with means to pay.
Why haven't you asked Democrats and healthcare experts to join the discussion? That's how good a democracy should work. Stop hiding!
John Mc and Lindsey G pay lip service to good principles but vote  to oppose their constituents!
Interesting that after 4+ years you are now getting around to talking about it. Just another big lie told by the republicans to get elected
I would point out that Democrats are governors (and Americans) too. #HealthCareVote
Please vote your conscience, not the presidents.
Senator, this is being treated like a political reality show. The public is disgraced by this bill, unless seen through partisan prism.
If you had a clear, positive vision for health care for America, you'd be proud enough to conduct the people's business out in the open.
Ummm..could you maybe ask ALL governors for feedback. It's that cooperation that we could all use right now.
Over 80% of ppl purchasing healthcare on the exchange have 2 or more choices. Try fixing the problem of .2% of ppl who don't have choices.
hoping that the outcome is a "no" vote. please let your constituents keep their healthcare.
2018 the entire House is up for reelection, let's take Healthcare from millions and be stupid why you keep yours. 2018 will be a bloodbath
Sorry, my focus has been knocked FAR off the medical debacle.  Now Im having Mass Anxiety about trump and his OBVIOUS ABUSE OF POWER!!!!!!!!
Im just wondering how long youre going to allow this wild eye'd nut bag to run the White House in to the laughing stock of the world????
... Oh we're already there. Oh ok, well super. Thanks for "looking out for America"...SARCASM! 
FREAKING DO SOMETHING!!! We DEPEND on YOU!!!
#McCainHealthOverPolitics Protect @SenJohnMcCain from @JohnCornyn & his goons .. he deserves to convalesce with family not Dam @WhiteHouse
Senator we are counting on you to protect @SenJohnMcCain from @JohnCornyn and his goons .. His health is more important than politics

We voters are discussing who to replace #RINOs with too. @POTUS
Get health care done and get obama care repealed...GOP elections will depend on it. Sooner rather than later.
What's wrong with listening to democrats?

Sitting in the rain, ok. Medicaid cuts to home/community care making disabled sit in urine, NOT ok #ADAPTandRESIST 
It's "vital" that you lead our country out of this constitutional crisis created by the monster- you have him the keys- now fix it!
Man up Lindsey- this could be your defining moment- lead your party out of cult fugue state- break his spell! They'll write songs about you!
PLEASE convince ur party to take the moral high ground- I'm no Republican but I've never HATED the party- it's scary now. Be the hero
When is your party gonna start acting like responsible defenders of our rights and way of life- recognize this corruption and be a leader!
PLEASE take the lead of your party so US elections are again about which candidate more represents our ideals- not good v evil. The pressure
so your HC proposal doesn't even cut funding from the genocide nuts at PP as promised? I can't wait to vote you out you neoclown.
Make sure you write yourselves into that bill, no more elite special treatment, you get what you want to impose on us. DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
I am a primary care physician. Without protected essential health benefits, prev health screening, we will not catch problems early enough.
Then horse will be out of barn.
Well that is actually a good plan, but what I'm concerned about is you will vote with your party to repeal this week 1/
http://rightwingedge.com/2017/07/23/lindsey-graham-challenges-voters-youre-illegal-immigrants-vote/ …

Shame on you!!
Shame on you! Turn your back on Americans and our President! You were paid off by the Clinton's!! Disgrace!! Resign! You are in a democrat!!
State's raaahts y'all. Im sure SC and GA will give a damn about their poor and sick. Good luck, Florence, Dillon, Travelers Rest!
The CITIZENS would be even better to listen to!!!!
REPAIR ACA! You need input from @SenateDems ! No more obstructionist and partisan politics! @realDonaldTrump is not well! Sick man! 
#DreamAct
People, just keep counting those big pharma deaths. Cannabis has been a medicine 1000s of years. I stand for common sense! End prohibition!
TRUTH!!
https://www.facebook.com/PrepareToTakeAmericaBack/posts/1414003188654706 …

Please lobby for a bipartisan effort to fix ACA. To vote for a bettercare plan, which is neither better nor care, or repeal spells disaster
Tell us why you support BOTH Repeal AND Replace which will take #Healthcare AWAY from 1/2 a MILLION US #Veterans
Have to say, your face and voice make my skin crawl, your right up there with Podesta & HRC as creeps of the highest order
Wish u would listen 2 the American people! Wish u would help start the process #ImpeachTrump 
We will continue 2 #Resist 
USA before party
If you're not repealing Obamacare, you're not being productive!
Why not meet with the doctors and nurses,  got with democrats and REPAIR Obamacare
Glad to see that John McCain is engaged & wish him a healthy recovery. Repub Party needs him & we need his voice - particularly with this WH
Where is the wall? Where is healthcare? Where is tax reform? We expect the Presidents' agenda to be passed.
A productive discussion is having more town halls and this time,actually listening to the people! #SaveACA
You make me sad.
Why only Republican governors?
You two made it your goal to get rich off the suffering and death of others. You're warmongers... nothing else.
Speaking of numbers!  Your soon to a former Senator!

Every senator needs to be on the record now that it's unacceptable to fire Mueller. NOW. https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/plum-line/wp/2017/07/21/are-we-heading-towards-a-constitutional-crisis/ …
Love me some Lindsey Graham and I'm a southern dem!
When our President gets through draining the swamp you and your do nothing constituents will be gone and this country will move again!!!
Don't listen to Roy Cooper of NC... Crooked Dem!!
When you going to stand up to trump? Out of all the Republicans your about the only one I think can stand up to him. Don't let him ruin it
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain Please can you give a response to legitimate concerns of Graham-Cassidy prop?
Blck grnts have serious issues
we don't trust you for working against a president that we voted for.We all know you are a closet democrat that works with democrats only

Schumer doubles down on his earlier calls for a bipartisan health care plan 
 

I worked w/ Pres Obama to roll back part of Obamacare that was harming vets & now I hope Dems will to the same. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3oKgKEAIDw&feature=youtu.be …


#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
https://twitter.com/mattmfm/status/877932005593300993 …
https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2017-07-20/senate-s-revised-health-bill-would-boost-uninsured-by-22-million …

CALL: (202) 224-3121
*Tell your reps to #FixACA…
Well at least you are doing something.
You think that you will be giving Amnesty to 4 million, you will be primaried! Why would SC keep voting for you?  Yikes
NO BIG INSURANCE BIG GOVERNMENT. Move to Greece or Venezuela if you don't like our free market. Forget replace. REPEAL.
Great, now sign it and get it done!
Hey Lindsey, I'm thinking about moving to SC just to vote you out of office
Yes you and @SenJohnMcCain are the only sane ones. Save us!!!!!!
We don't see eye to eye at times sir, but I wish you a speedy recovery
gopcare id dead. Get over it

@SenJohnMcCain @BillCassidy
Why do you not Fix Obamacare???????????????????????????????
Do everyone a favor and resign RINO
Don't repeal and replace #ACA.  Bipartisan improvement to #ACA us what's best for country
Please pass a bill today to remove the Obamacare tax penalty and the mandate retroactive to 1/1/17
Yes it is vital. Listen to Kasich. He makes a lot of sense. Help your constituents with their health concerns.
@SenJohnMcCain <-Actually it's not Governor it's the American people that you sellouts better be listening to. You and Graham are SELLOUTS
He should get his ass over and get the healthcare bill done.
You are talking about actual government business? Teach @realDonaldTrump this strange concept. Stay off Trump Punch
what have you been doing for 7 years? disgusting!
In view of his tweets this morning ... please do something
Do your job and impeach Trump; our country is depending on you to put it first before party.
Lol not happening libtard country finally got a president who cares about this country. Civil war would occur if trump was impeached.
Get ready then because he is going one way or the other.
I'm ready! Let's go!
Lindsey Graham: Vote Me Out If You Oppose Amnesty and Outsourcing - Breitbart http://bit.ly/2vKq3zG  via @BreitbartNews ok you're out!
@LindseyGrahamSC and @SenJohnMcCain are ISIS!  #LockThemUp #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
How much longer are u going to let #FakePresident trash our country?
Medicare for all.
You and McCain are two rats on a sinking ship!  The great people of South Carolina deserve much better!

Lindsey. what are you going to do with your nose, if McCain resigns ? Where will you stick it then ?
He needs to read his tweets -he would see that the majority want bi-partisan discussion. But what does he have to gain -his seat is secure.
Vote Him Down! He's turned his back at the Constitution and at all South Carolina residents! He's helping the Dems w/ illegal votes!
Reply: http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/07/21/lindsey-graham-vote-oppose-amnesty-outsourcing/ …
S. Carolina, take alook @ this Senator & ask yourself: did he fought 4 YOU the way he's fighting 4 illegals?
Full repeal and replace like you promised.
Do you just waddle through your day as if the president wasn't colluding with our enemies? Does that seem like serving the people to you?
We are teetering on the brink of dictatorship and annexation by Russia.  How about an independent committee to save your country?  Step up!!
You party has lost its soul.

Two words to @SenateGOP when @realDonaldTrump says “I'll have your back" when you vote to repeal health care: Jeff Sessions.
Thank you for meeting with Republican governors, @realDonaldTrump and @JaredKushner this week. #MAGA #UnitedWeStand #UnitetheRight
You @SenateMajLdr @ChuckGrassley @SenJohnMcCain are PURPOSELY STRANGLING ACA. Ask CHUCK. Ask IOWA! You're doing it all over @CNN @msnbc
Why not the Democratic Governors as well?
Ummmm... have watched the (non Fox) news at all today? #hambiscuits
How about you listen and take input from all people. Not just Rep Govs. Work w/ Dems on sustainable legislation. Listen to the public.
I thought that rep/senators had ethics & http://values.Like  or dislike I never once believed that a president would betray USA.
Where is ur soul & patriotism?Y r u afraid?How could u do this to r country?We will remember the day u watched r country fall.
Don't want to have to shop around for a state where I can get care. General provisions need to be national. Cancer is cancer no matter where
Also... maybe you should try a call with *all* the governors?
#50Experiments beats a one-size-fits-all mandate.  Please keep working until a solution is found and implemented. Good Luck. Mahalo
Now please don't let the Liar who is our president pardon himself or fire those investigating him. Please be an American first, truth honor
Great discussion, feedback, research, varying opinions. That is the way it is suppose to work. Please I implore you keep it up.
So no dems? Why not?
Republicans are, at best, less than 50% of the population, so why are you leaving at least half of the people out of the conversation?
Should have ask the Dems 7 yrs ago the same question. Dems own ACA 100%. If GOP now change it 50% they'll both own 50%. Simple math.
If @ChuckGrassley can't manage Judiciary Cttee in bipartisan manner, Trump Jr & Manafort under oath, sham exercise.
So you are enforcing a  subpoena vs someone who you believe implicates Democrats but bending over backwards for Trump Jr& Manafort? SHAME!!!
Too bad no democrats were in there.. Keep at that Cheeto crawl
Thank you! Please #saveourcare. The ACA enabled me to leave my job to help my grandma
@LindseyGrahamSC Please also take the time to organize a similar meeting, but with Democratic governors?  Because we're ALL Americans.
Is that what Democrats said when they wrote the ACA? No.
And we ended up with legislation that Republicans hate. Why make the mistakes of the left?
I'm a Democrat, but gotta say I really appreciate everything you have been doing for your constituents and for the Country, Sir. Thank you!
Yesterday you were focused on immigration reform. Stay focused. You are one of the few politicians who can get America back on track
please comment on your private talk with Kushner-why do you not insist his sec ckearence be pulled? this is beneath you
I'll remember to tell all my family and friends in SC not to vote for you then
Speak with all governors. Red or blue it affects all.
keep working it. Its going to be a huge uplift if it can pass
Drain the swamp
Stand by and watch trump fire Mueller & we will end the Republican Party. The public will erupt in ways not ever seen. COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY
Take Senator McCain's advice!  All of you are making decisions, for Americans, that will have no impact on your lives.  You have no clue
Do you plan to listen to your constituents? Cuz we're kind of being left out of consideration.
What are you going to do when trump fires Mueller?
Talk with us. We're following you. We want to know how it's going, & what works.
Were the states in charge of health care prior to the ACA? If not, then who? Nice to know Senator McCain is doing better.
u liberals
Nothing short of covering pre-existing conditions will suffice in a healthcare bill. Please tell us you understand.
You haven't done anything productive in 6 months. You're as bad as Trump because you know better. #PartisanRubberStamp
McCain is a vet and us vets know why he didnt use the va its broke. Socialised medicing wonder what its like ask a vet
If any member of congress or senate had to use odumbass care aca would be repealed and a better plan wohld be in place.
It's only important to listen to Republican governors? 
What you don't talk to Dem governors?
Remember when the ACA went through lots of public hearings and worked with both sides. Maybe the GOP would consider something that works!
When are u going to do something about the traitors, or traitor-wanna-bees in the administration?  Find your spine and stand up to tRump!!
It would be wonderful if u realized there is a whole half of the country (including ur constituents) ur ignoring. How about over party?
I hope the senator gets well enough to come back try to help the rest of his colleagues grow some ball and become men and not mice
You going to allow traitor trump to pardon his family, friends & himself?  Do you have the courage to impeach him?
Where do we get info/details on said Graham-Cassidy proposal?
What did my man @JohnKasich say??
ummm...Congress of the Soviets. ?  Man up Lindsey
I thought it was time for y'all to get all inclusive and bipartisan. Apparently that's gone by the wayside. Nice.
