just because you add "Freedom" to a title doesn't make it better. How are you going to change it?
And just because you add affordable and care to a name doesnt make it affordable and doesnt make the govt care
say what you will about the ACA, but you can't say they didn't care. They cared too much maybe.
Of course Dem politicians don't care.  Not enough space to list their self serving failures.
You're one of the RINOs we the people are going to drain from Washington swamp! Wea gave you both houses but you ignore us!
How about just improving the ACA instead of repealing it?
how would that help republicans?
Reveals a clear difference between the 2 major parties. GOP for the people,  Dems 4 themselves.
how so?
Example: Dems give $500M taxpayer dollars PP to kill babies.  PP donates $500M to Dem campaigns.
No federal funding goes to abortions. Try again.
Really?  PP's money is fungible. We give them over $500M each year.
HOW COULD YOU DO THIS? IS SOCIAL SECURITY NEXT?
Is the "Freedom" the freedom to decide to die vs. go into massive debt?
ACA provides Freedom to die & transfer massive amounts of tax $$ to big insurance - Dem politicians love it.
ACA's cmassive copays make insurance claims unusable.
Recall Dems hid everything from us and the GOP while bribing each other for ACA. No GOP votes.
SHAME ON YOU!
Gee, you can call it whatever Orwellian name you want, but it is going to be Trump Care and you will own it. Disaster!
do you really know people who have it like I do?peoplewho are in the middle of care for illness?those who depend on it!!!
Again showing what a coward you are. Selling the people out.
-- that's a terrible plan.   HSAs don't help if we continue to funnel money to the insurance industry.
If you just take Obama out of the name and call it Dixiecare it will be very popular.
Great title, shit coverage
Where was idea  the past 6 years?  Did you guys sit down last week and go "oh I know, I know!"  It's cuz you got zeeeero
ACA cannot just be dumped without a replacement plan.  Allowing insur co to run amuck is NOT a plan.
Don't let the repeal happen with a better replace. Please.
Then why haven't you done it #resist hot air
ACA is the Republican plan.
Yea sure you did...did not try and defund it through the power of the purse...another gutless Republican..typical
where may we read this?
all Obamacare is,is a TAX That We Patriots left England 4. Drop it and go at the public insurance that covers uninsurable'
Where can we get info about this?
Replace it with #MedicareForAll
what isit about ACA that Repubs don't like?  It has helped me tremendously.  Congress has paid healthcare best $ can buy
What does that mean?  Freedom from coverage?
If we throw the word "freedom" in it, people will definitely like it!  Right?
Big leftist cities will stay on obamacare & we the rest of the people will have to foot the bill for the entitled few! RINO
Just like so many other things you've been WRONG about. Fix it, or provide better replacement FIRST. Then consider repeal.
All: Whenever GOP use the word "freedom", you know damn well it's not *your* freedom that they are looking out for.
Since your party wants to head backwards in terms of healthcare, please at least make it a smooth transition #aca
I have preexisting conditions. With Obamacare I finally have ins.I don't want fascism, so maybe its better I die quicker
People like me have been paying for your ins with hi rates under ACA for 3 yrs.  Now I cant afford and have none
I pay more than you and ins companies would not sell.me insurance before.
How do you think you pay more than me?  Mine would cost approx. $15,000 this year for just me.
My premium is $1600 per month for the two of us. And my wife and I have a 6000 deductible each. you tell me yours
I hope they can cover preexisting but open up market so it can be cheaper.In SC, I have only 1 plan 2 choose from
Oh, wow. That's absurd! I had 18 in Vegas. (I think it's based on county?) Def need more options. :-/
You and other congressional members have got to do something about Steve Bannon. This is spiraling fast.
of course all rich sentates will like replace but it actually is hurting the 53%white women who vote  rural area who vote
Americans deserve detail. Is no discrimination for pre-ex conditions part of this? Do Health/Drug corp gain power over it?
Let's hear the details of #TrumpCare   #theResisrance #KellyAnne #alternativefact
mind telling those of us poised to lose our coverage what it is?
Please tell me that #TrumpCare covers as well as the ACA.  The public has had enough of the polical mudbowl! #TheResistance
Or should we start callin it #TrumpCareless
This is BS. People will lose coverage. States can CHOOSE to let voters lose coverage!
What a shame such smart people choose to reinvent the wheel instead of repairing it. Will work tirelessly against you at your next election.
FREEDOM ? THERE YOU GO WITH THE COMEDIAN THING.
Hmmmm...on this, I don't trust you.  Work w/Dems to fix ACA. Price's plan would be disastrous.
@POTUS MedicareForAll is better; covers everyone; works well; simple transition; saves $1-$5Trillion in 1st 10 yrs. Vets?
too bad it doesn't exist
give us details.  You want to improve the ACA, great? But repealing healthcare for millions, with no replacement, is awful!
c'mon. Without mandates, we get freedom to be unable to afford insurance.
Graham says" I LOVE my govt healthcare paid by the tax payers
Graham HAS NO PLAN 2 assure that ALL Americans have quality,affordable,outpatient healthcare
The only thing it needs is a PUBLIC OPTION!! Don't repeal without a PLAN guys!!
.@ImDevonKelly @LindseyGrahamSC Then smallest gov't footprint / largest application / bipartisan appeal-THIS Option
please tell us it's as good as what you and the rest of Congress have!
with what Senator? Perhaps with what you and you colleagues have?
why not make it better rather than trying to show us how much you hate Obama by punishing my family.
ACA insures my family.  Best thing that ever happened to us.  Thanks for trying to ruin it.
Without healthy enrollees, insurance rates will be through the roof for Americans with pre-existing conditions.
Tax credits won't work.Low-income ppl don't have the financial bandwidth.Will result in more uninsured & ER as primary care
@RoseRoselaurie I hope it does not block Medicaid or make America sicker, but I'm glad you plan a replacement WITH a repeal
it's a rare person who can manage the cognitive dissonance of being both "pro life" and pro death. #ACA #RoeVWade
the ACA maybe messy/imperfect but replacement/fix must work for all. I've got a niece who is counting on it.
You Closet Queen.  @obamacare does not provide quality health care @FoxNews
I'd like to read The Patient Freedom Act.  Where could I find it?
Where are the details?
WHERE IS OUR REPLACEMENT????????!!!!!
will that be like Operation Iraqi Freedom? Because I don't think patients will be looking for that kind of "Freedom"
Please vote against DeVos. She is not qualified to run the Depart of Education!!!
does it protect people w pre-existing conditions? We shouldn't be punished like we were pre ACA. Please.
Have new plan 1st!. & put congress on the same healthcare with for Am. people. & when out of office, pay for your plan!
Perhaps just reform. Save companies the money that they will have to spend to get in compliance with a new national law.
You know ACA needs to be fixed not replaced because other plans don't work.
Since when???? Why don't u just switch parties because u already agree with what they stand for.
you can repeal and replace and it will only be a MODIFICATION of Obamacare.  We will always call it Obamacare.  You LOSE.
please reveal what is IN the "Patient Freedom Act" . We all would like Real Content
You people need to leave it alone or improve it. Majority of people want to keep it. This is just denying Obama. #ACAworks
Don't mess with my ACA! you'll make it less effective, more expensive or unobtainable altogether!
Repeal and replace Trump, please!
.@LindseyGrahamSC Get to it!
No Repeal Build upon!
what about pre-existing conditions & life time limits?
you had me until this tweet! Damn I was starting to like you
When ever I hear a Republican using the word freedom I cringe. Help the needy not the greedy.
'freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose'....  show us whatcha got.
Fix, not repeal.  Imagine how scary the thought of losing the care that is keeping you alive. This fear is real.
just putting the word freedom in it doesn't make things better you know
Allowing states to keep Obamacare is neither repealing it nor "patient freedom". @RandPaul's plan is better.
Give us the same insurance Congress has. If it's good enough for you, it's good enough for us.
with all due respect sir, your party had yrs to come up with a replacement for ObamaCare.
You have no replacement plan. State grants don't work as u well know. You r showing 0 spine on Russia invest either
And it's not Obamacare, as we all know. Do y'all despise him so much that you'll hurt us just to try to ruin his legacy?
That's a shame. A friend's life was saved because of ACA (aortic aneurysm).
no
"Patient Freedom Act?" Snort, how jingoistic is that? Details, Sir. We want details.
that's a sincere question btw. It seems foolhardy to me to repeal the ACA, better to amend it. Replacement takes too long
Make sure it doesn't kill anyone.
it took literal decades to pass the ACA. Why do Republicans think they can repeal it and sweep a new plan in instantly?
Our taxes should be used for Single Payer If you want 2 leave ppl w/o healthcare, you should give up yours too Be a leader!
The Patient Freedom Act - ha ha!! Meanwhile millions of Americans will be without health insurance. Criminal.
where can we read about this plan?
We need more details on this plan. Allowing states to opt out of ACA will only complicate the system more --> more costly.
If by "freedom" you actually mean an HSA... Ppl are struggling, preexisting conditions, lifetime caps. You can do better.
freedom from medical services? What would Jesus do? Not this.
So you've basically renamed Obamacare?
replacing with what?
I'll remember this Senator Graham when you're up for reelection - One of your SC constituents
Help my daughter with health insurance in Georgia off 12K a a year, no Medical ext. Tax credits useless. Now worse! Dying!
Glad you're giving attention to American Healthcare, but PFA is a step in the wrong direction.

Universal, Single-Payer.
What catchy name! Buyer beware!
We pay for your healthcare so you don't have anything to lose. Many Americans could die if you get this wrong!
When do we get to see this great plan? THe American people have a right to study it before you do anything. It's our lives!
do you have a link to an outline for this plan? My son is a type 1 diabetic. He's 10. Preexisting conditions and max matter
Senator Collins' plan is not deficit-reducing.  Are you OK with that?
What is it exactly? Trump can't form a coherent paragraph.
I support the ACA. It's helped my family and saved lives through health and mental health care!
will people with pre-existing conditions, like cancer or having a uterus be discriminated against?
NO2 BLOCKGRANTS State control them & when $$$ run out 4 yr people R left to suffer&die till next block. NO SETTLING4LESSACA
Why did it take you 8 yrs to come up with this? Or is it just the title?
Why can't we have your privileged Health Care. You R no more deserving of great coverage than we are. Vote these crooks out
Is that the freedom to choose between unaffordable plans or ones with deductibles so huge they are meaningless?
Sir, with all due respect build a bridge next to the old one before you tear the old one down and no one has anywhere to go
Cool what's your fictional replacement?  The good fairy? Dead people don't pay taxes.
You do realize that's literally the ACA, right?
love the freedom title spin. Usually means more corporate profits
The overuse of terms like Freedom & Patriot cheapens them. Keep it simple USAHealth, USHealthCare or something. Seriously!
. Care to elaborate? It's kinda important.
that's fine but pls don't go to ltd caps & pls cover those w/ pre-existing conds. My mom had 2 cancers - deserves meds
PFA is not a replacement you're just telling the states "tough luck figure healthcare out yourself" http://bit.ly/2kq4lvK 
you guys have had 8 years to come up with a suitable replacement. What's the holdup?
what precisely are the benefits of this replacement?
I certainly hope it doesn't look like this:
And let 20 million people die and lose their health insurance
what is gained from destroying ObamaCare & hoping for the best instead of working together fixing the problems with it?!
We need universal health care like other civilized nations, ie Canada and Great Britain.
Is there a link to info on the plan?
Please!!!
It looks like a good plan to work from and does give some important protections.
Congrats, the GOP brain trust came up with a name. No bonus points for using "Freedom" like you always do. Now, details?
I'm a 55 y/o selfemployd prof that had 2 make decision 2 not have insur. for 1st time in my life.IM if you can use my story
Would be nice if you posted a link showing EXACTLY what that act will do.
The Patient Freedom Act - More like The Elimination of Coverage Act after the insurance lobbies get involved.  Do Better!
replace with what?
please remain principled. we need a replacement plan in place before a repeal.
: Have some class, Senator. It is called the "Affordable Care Act," not "Obamacare."
Why can't you fix it instead of wasting taxpayer money by starting over? Why do you want your constituents to die? #SaveACA
Where can we find more info on the Pt. Freedom Act? I hope you will be on same plan! Please protect preexisting conditions.
Senator Graham, is there  somewhere we can find out more about The Patient Freedom Act? Will there be overlap? No gap pls.
stop deceiving people. You're going to repackage aca to take credit and hurt poor more while insurance co. will profit.
Suggestion, can it be presented to the American People BEFORE you guys pass it???
So you're the 4th Senator to endorse a plan proposed LAST year & ignored by colleagues, as it doesn't REPEAL ANYTHING 
Yah Lindsay just a bit of advice. To do things in Congress you actually have to work with OTHERS. No one's proposed that
I don't know why I hate u so much guess its ur hippocracy.
Is Donald Trump Mentally Ill?  Full Neuropsychiatric Evaluation' http://www.huffingtonpost.com/richard-greene/is-donald-trump-mentally_b_13693174.html?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPostPol
name needs work.  The PFA sounds negative.

Please do not get rid of the ACA. Fix it, but don't eliminate.
What is wrong with you people? Do you republicans just enjoy hurting people?
Except that replacing was never in the Republican vocabulary.  To add it now is pure pandering. A shell game in the works
patient freedom act looks good
For fuck's sake, get out of office & do some good on your way out.  Just get out of the way.
Get on the Trump train
God save us from the uncaring Republican Party!
what is it?
Keep Pence,congress,&your policies but be an American hero along with @SenJohnMcCain & get rid of the danger to U.S. Trump
high deductible plans are not good for low income folks
Apparently it doesn't matter to @LindseyGrahamSC because I haven't seen him respond to anyone's tweet yet
Have you joined the rest of the "bat shit crazies" in your Party?
Health care is NOT a commodity like furniture.  No one should have to choose between food and medical care.  Fix this!
Any replacement that punishes poor people or the elderly, or makes costs unbearable is not an adequate plan.
Why not fix what we have? Conservatives are desperate for reasonable representation. Please hold your ground and save GOP.
That plan will only cement Obamacare forever! Your a liberal in elephant clothing!@angelijka8 @Brialalexi @FluffyDogAttack
How many Americans are you willing to kill, senator?
Give up YOUR health insurance until a solid paln for the ACA is in place. Better yet, get YOUR insurance through the plan you come up with.
details?
It better better in coverage than Obama care. You did see the million marchers. We are not going away.
Freedom from what? Better come up with a better plan than that!
please do something about silencing the press. That's unconstitutional. You're supposed to stand up for the country. DO IT
So, let me get this right.  Your replacing the ACA with a the ACA.  Good move. Radically better.
I doubt the GOP wil do anything to change it from "Your Money or Your Life" Health Care.
ready to see the plan tired of rhetoric
can you assure the millions w/ACA will be protected BEFORE you repeal?MILLIONS in danger due to GOP ego
All these know it all's commenting on your thread would be jumping for joy about ABORTION funding still in the freedom act
some light googling suggests this plan offers the option for states to remain on ACA. Is this part of finalized plan?
how about pointing out how it compares with the current plan?
