One Racist has pardoned another Racist.Words about unifying after Charlottesville is empty. Another slap to Judges Authority and rule of law
GOP is now seen as a Racist Party that doesn't represent America.
Perfect quote of the fake news media and left wingers.
Problem is they are not clever & are corrupt
Federalist papers number 51. See what Madison had to say on this. Angels are in the #YPJ and #YPG not so many here anymore. Free #Raqqa yes!
@hughhewitt thanks for the psa on #Harvey. Have a good weekend.
Nice to see open & honest game playing, manipulation and underhandedness coming out of the @senategop.....NOT! I'm a Rep & am not impressed.

Just don't add unrelated things senator and wallah debt ceiling raised.
Trump has betrayed all that is moral & sacred about the USA. What say you Graham and Hewett: he pardoned Arpaio! RU still proud supporters?!

Nothing to say about the pardoning of racist Sheriff Arpaio?  Hmmmmm
https://twitter.com/jonehecht/status/901236754979717120 …
It would be super clever for @SenateGOP to #ImpeachTrump for an illegal pardon.
@POTUS insulted your good friend @SenJohnMcCain in his hometown. Why aren't you defending your friend? #PhoenixRally
Clever enough to fool the base, eh? Is that what governance means to you?
That's not what it means to U.S.
Times have changed. Flood coming.
You should be "clever" and take care of that dumpster fire your party put in the White House
Now banker Graham, I don't think you're qualified to take on this problem. @DrRandPaul for POTUS.
Hugh it is time for the GOP to present pure ideals Your power plays have produced Trump the worst smear on your party ever
Gutless Graham normalizes Trump's dangerous behavior saying it isn't 'unhinged,' but a 'political strategy.' https://www.yahoo.com/finance/news/lindsey-graham-says-trumps-recent-171400365.html?.tsrc=fauxdal … @CNN

Tell me Lindsey, what would you have guys done if a Dem Pres. acted the way Trump does? You will also jump ship, do it now.
You should oppose the funding (or "financing") of a border wall! Total waste of our money.
Lindsey, how about end Obamacare, cut budget, and do a major tax cut. You support McConnell. What is he doing? Get a new leader.
Using GOP and clever in the same sentence was the best laugh I had all day.
You have all 3 branches of govt and you are going to blame Dems?! Pathetic and truly incompetent--so much easier to obstruct than govern.
Why don't we repeal and replace Obamacare and then Build a Wall in our Southern Border and then reform Immigration base on merit immigration
ONLY 28% OF AMERICANS SUPPORT ADDITIONAL SPENDING ON WALL ACCORDING TO POLL EARLY AUGUST
Cleverness is "trick"-iness in your instance. You want to TRICK the American people? trump promised a Mexico funded wall-period. TREACHERY.
Why don't we attach IMPEACHMENT OF TRUMP to the Debt Ceiling. You would have bipartisan support.
Why don't the @GOP unite against Trump?He's nuts!Multiple personalities a different 1 at every event.
We should put a real leader in the Senate.
That makes no sense. Stop playing games. Save our country. Put people over politics. This president is dangerous and you are enablers.
A little to much to drink Senator???
How about they use their majority to help the majority of Americans? Quit playing these infantile games.

Black Trump supporter punched in head by violent anti-Trump rioter!

You think media would be this quiet if Trump voter…
The R's never hold the D's feet to the fire like they do us!!!
You should start impeaching the lunitic in the oval office
Clever- seriously?? GOP in senate could not get duck to take a dump in a pond!!!
Wouldn't it be better if you used it for anything??
Just what is the potion Sen. Graham drinks that makes him say stupid things like this?
So if I think we MUST raise debt ceiling but think a $20 billion hunk of concrete on our southern border is stupid, I lose?
That is hard to parse. Do you mean make Ds vote yes to not bankrupt economy? Or prove how insane GOP is now. Vote to Destroy it?
Forget about @TheDemocrats
Boy there is some across the aisle bipartisanship right there! Lets embarrass our colleagues in the most hallowed halls of government!!!
What if you stop playing politics overall and just concentrate on what's truly BEST FOR THE COUNTRY - oh I know, novel idea. #CountryFirst
Wouldn't be better to stand up to #45 and say no to a wall that most people do not want. Walls never work. I do not want to pay for it
You don't have to be clever. Usurpers will be replaced
Wouldn't it be better if Senators did their jobs, honored their campaign promises, instead of trying to be "clever?"
of course, but Nancy P could demand CSR payments from the Senate.
While they're acting cute, I'm not happy that we don't have Wall, Tax Reform, Repeal. @potus can't do it all.
How about by tossing the filibuster!
I get down on Lindsey a lot-he can be infuriating. But tht was 1 of the best intrvws you've had with a Senator in a while. He was great.
Thx
Press101:
Pick legislation, list pros/cons
What is Dem position?
For: pick 3 best pros, 1 or 2 weak cons and discuss
Against: do opposite
Extremely difficult when MSM controls national conversation.
your majority has been a disaster for the US and world
End the filibuster and work @POTUS agenda is the most clever thing you can do.
Use all day every day!  Dems did it under HR and now obstruct.  Time to get things done!
Be careful @SenateGOP, may have majority, but support is waning due to lack of  courage w @realDonaldTrump - country getting smart.
Hang them out to dry for 2018 elections
When do they start clever? So far it has been stupid and weak.
:
Or you could just legislate according to what is best for the nation as a whole. Not clever enuff?
Exactly. Enough re parties, more about the country and people.  Compromise as you both have points. Educate your voters to embrace this.
:
Amen to all of it!
LOL
