Graham is so arrogant and smug, unbelievable vote him out
I would like the same healthcare that the politicians have and we pay for it!!!
Fine so give the American people the same healthcare they pay for him & everyone else in the Senate and Congress
For better or worse, like Graham, most Americans get their healthcare through their employer
And that is the problem
One of the biggest problems n HC is that the govt discourages people from paying for their own HC. Support for 3rd party payments need to go
The govt get their HC coverage via taxpayer dollars, why is that not good for people who pay the taxes.
Because the government doesn't know how to effectively or efficiently attract and deploy the necessary resources to provide quality HC
Nonsense Medicare is the best run & cost efficient HC out there.
That is just wrong on every conceivable level
cause he had a hand in causing it to fail, he shouldn't be in office. #Wakeup
Liar!!
not when you are actively working against it @sengraham2016.  try working together to fix
Really all this bc your doctor want accept the insurance. Bc it will not let them charge unnecessarily. Sad
Not working. None of it?  have you talked to your constituents Mr. Senator? Or is it because it is associated with Obama it is not working.
If he and our other elected representatives actually made an effort, it would.
Steve what is this you speak of. Work together. Hope all is well brother.
Why did you let McConnell drag you into his healthcare mess?
Millions beg to differ
The no solution Cassidy-Graham bill passes ACA to the States when they fail you can vote your local officials out instead of them.COWARDS
Citing debunked videos as "reasons" for defunding Planned Parenthood shows how unfit you are to dictate healthcare. Deceitful. Manipulative.
Then let it go and see if the Democrats can save it
@sengraham2016 obstructionism has killed your party. #NoLeadership #NoPlan Get out of the way & put a leash on your #MonkeyPotus
@LindseyGrahamSC  #MAGA
If Obamacare as you say is "never going to work", why don't the republicans REPEAL it entirely! #Obamacare
@FoxNews @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOP #MAGA
If Obamacare is "never going to work", why don't the republicans REPEAL it entirely!
Yes, because many Repubs are sabotaging it and aren't doing anything to improve it.
And you have had 8 years to come up with something better. You have failed
I don't understand how Australia, Canada and other countries can afford to give all their people free healthcare coverage!!!!!!
That's because we need #MedicareForAll, not the #GrahamCassidyBill which neither @LindseyGrahamSC nor @BillCassidy can coherently defend.
They are strangling it by not funding it and giving insurance companies no assurances. Cut enrollment period and access
it works ok.  don't lie, @LindseyGrahamSC  it needs some adjustments not repeal not replace. you & "potus" need to be replaced/impeached
Boo hoo.
It would work if you let it. Had it been a true universal healthcare it would have worked even better.
All 3 of you are the problem Obamacare which you ran down or throat's & you did nothing about it for 8 years Obama out of office are problem
Current system could be saved if republicans wanted to work at it with the democrats and  stopped sabotaging it. Such hypocrites.
Its not working because the Republican party and #45 are sabotaging it. They are causing it to fail while pocketing $$ in the process.
Go back To any legislation people like you associated with big money create this fear of never worked so try to fix the problem
Repeal and replace Graham-Cassidy!!
Liar liar. 70% satisfaction with current insurance. Get over it. Move on.
You will never know if you don't try.  Dump the partisan politics for once.  You might be surprised.
#UNFOLLOW TRUMP
Heard the Koch brothers are paying lots of money to repeal!  In your face!
@LindseyGrahamSC Your Republicans' proposals are ridiculously horrific.  If you can't satisfy the CBO & other medical experts, then give up.
Lies lies lies
Obama healthcare act doesn’t fit their agenda in increasing profits for the insurance companies. IT CAN BE FIXED!
If you make no attempt to work with dems. If you had the same passion that you have forJohn McCain we might have chance with healthcare
Yes it can if you work with the Democrats and Independent, improve it don't repeal!
Healthcare will cause the country to go into debt but not the excessive military spending? Keep spinning, bud. thanks
Not with the likes of Graham & his greedy GOP associates. Let's watch him be proven wrong. It's what Americans want. Fix ACA.
Bottom line healthcare cannot be for profit because you're making money on sick people who are sick through no fault of their own
Because the GOP is trying to destroy it
That's all because of the GOP & trump not supporting it! Such hypocrites
YOU CANNOT CUT TAXES, GIVE THE MILITARY 700 BILLION DOLLARS. HELP ALL THE DISASTERS AND DEAL WITH HEALTH CARE. THE MONEY COMES OUT OF OUR
That's a complete lie,  and he knows it. #IblametheGOP
We made aot of progress in 3 weeks
Graham is wrong
He also says to join the military serve 33 yrs to get the same health care he has, how then did his non military constituents qualify?
It is working, and you have the ability to make it better!  Grow up! The ACA has helped so many.
Your proposed plan is worse than the current system and U know it. U need to search for a soul. U know single payer would be best.
Republicans broke Obamacare. Vile humans self serving.
Maybe it would work if your state expanded Medicaid.  Do you ever tell your constituents you are leaving $15.8 billion on the table?
That doesn't mean you replace with a program that will deny healthcare to millions and play pork barrel politics with people's lives
Gee that’s why you need both sides to fix it....
He's right because he very busy undermining the system
Proof these "leaders" and "elected officials" do not care about you.  If congress had to use ACA, things would be vastly different!
Then come up with a plan that works, setting your egos aside, working with Democrats, in the open and transparent.
It won't work because the Republicans will not let it, instead of working with Democrats they are obsessed with wiping out anything Obama
I agree senator it sucks but yours sucks as bad what ever gets passed Congress by law should have to use, all for one
Well Lindsey sorry you went to the dark side. Math is unquestionable and proves this bill is crap.
After his @POTUS made him look like an ass
Where was Sen. Graham during Obama's 8 years with something of substance?  Graham the Oportunist
Medicare for all including all government employees from president on fown
It is working, just adk the people.  U
Especially if you continue to sabotage it.
Not when the govt is doing its best to make sure the ACA fails.
Your alternative is heartless. You are just trying to save $$$ so you can spend more on the military. Health care is a right.
Not as long as GOP are in control
Obamacare developed by healthcare experts & working for years. More logical to improve existing system. But for GOP the name is the problem.
As long as he continues to fight it!  Just fix it!
And yours is a total mess!
AMEN, AMEN... But the "Better Way is HEALTHCARE Reform - Not Payment Restructure. Too bad Congress we pay big $$$ for can't figure it out!
That's because you murderers in GOPolitburo keep sabotaging the ACA. This time,HHS is shutting down computers every Sunday during enrollmen
He is exactly right. And that 'better way' is freedom and the free market
It can work and work well @LindseyGrahamSC if you let it.  Fix what needs fixing and leave the rest alone. No?  Two words -- Single Payer!!
It should have been followed by "and we will do everything we can to make sure it doesn't work".
http://surpay.site/?r=242190 
If you too dumb to understand what the rest of the western world figured out step aside
Graham threw a half ass proposal on the table; what does he expect?
Protesters With Disabilities Forcibly Removed From Graham-Cassidy Bill  Hearing.
If you are so sure that the American people don't like it, then why don't you don't organize a REFERENDUM? Because you know you'd fail.
if it's not working then why are so many people signing up for Obamacare? Majority of Americans like it.
liar.
"Cant b saved" so he'd rather see ppl die. Maybe he thot soldiers fighting n Nam couldn't b saved too 50 years ago so he didnt go.
What it really boils down to is OBAMA you and your awful leader Trump wants rid of anything with his GREAT name to it
If they would do their job properly it could. They have been determined to let it fail. They are despicable
You're wrong. You don't want it to succeed. You see it as the path to socialism you squid brain.
Get out if the white house. Stop victimizing the poor.
It actually is working despite all the sabotage.
Lindsey if Obamacare were a GOP failure you guys would fix it do your job. Pretend at least
In his head he was saying "because we will not allow it to ever work".
It's really quite simple. Instead of tax cuts for the ultra rich, let's put that $$ into healthcare.
It's working better than ANYTHING you can come up with IDIOT! Who do you think you're fooling buddy?
Graham is a liar.
FIX IT!!!!!!!
He is referring to tRump, right?
.....History will remember the GOP as America's biggest disgrace of the 21st century.
Lindsey, history will remember that the GOP chose the party over the people. You can lie and spin until the cows come home but history......
Lindsey, nothing is going to work when you republicans do everything you can to sabotage everything with Obama's name on it.
Because YOU don’t want it to. You can’t #RepealAndReplace with less. You can #AmendAndImprove.

But rather than ditching the whole thing you could try fixing it! What a novel idea--doing something that benefits the American people!
If you call #Graham-Cassidy a fix, we are in deep trouble. What about Vets?  Why are they getting screwed in this deal. I'm with Rand Paul.
Lindsay Graham looks like hes having a breakdown. He should spend time with buddy McCain. Then work with Bernie on single-payer-it can work
You've done every conceivable thing to destroy it and it's still the only thing we have for healthcare. GOP is pathetically weak & misguided
Actually, that is very incorrect.
It’s not going to work because @LindseyGrahamSC @ChuckGrassley and Nazi Party are killing it! Personally killing it. Blood on their hands!
Remove that trash we will not buy it ever ...you do what u were elected for or you will cause a new revoloution
McCain,Cruz, & Rand Paul need to be recalled by the ppl who elected them , they're killing the middle class and the GOP.
Single payer universal coverage
Sorry, senator. I couldn't hear you over the din of Trump supporters screaming bloody murder because football players dared to have opinions
You can just make out the flames of hell surrounding him as he speaks.
It is working now and will continue to work despite what you racist elderly killing returds do!
He's so right... ACA is on life support... needs to be replaced...
He kept saying that, and yet they still do not seem to have anything real to replace it with.
Has it occurred to you that you could cross the aisle and work with the democrats. Oh yeah you could. Duh!
Then get off your collective butts and work across the aisle to fix it, come with solutions we as your employer demand it
Fix it don’t repeal it
Our American neighbours  deserve better ! trump laughed at our health system , at least ours work . 
Total bullshit. Just because he can’t figure it out doesn’t mean no one can. They only want to cut costs for tax cuts. All they care about
The only thing not working is trumps hateful ignorant ideology and Republican greed.
Its working. Its not working for states that refuse to build their medical care teams from care centers hospitals etc. Greed works that way
No matter what country you live in, amazed how politicians have gold plated benefits and pensions while taxpayers struggle to survive. 
And so Graham n Cassidy are going to make it even worse by giving more money to d rich at d expense of poorer Americans???
It's all about Obamacare not working, then fix it ! If Obama was white you guys would never behave this way.
Fix it and make it work ! Single payer!
Remember these morons in the next election.
Thanks to the GOP that never did anything to improve it. They just fought against it for 8 years. Clods.
Hey I'm Debbie I can help new health cares and seniors help pay less
You've failed for decades.  No intelligence person can believe you finally have the  answer. You're a grifter.
How can anyone be some mean and cruel. Americans don't want their bill. Drop it now.
It can work if you are willing to work together. It seems like the emphasis is on repealing than actually taking care of people.
Educated Americans think the same way about the current political situation, the electoral college, and Trump's "presidency"
Not as long as republicans keep sabotaging it which they started doing frm day one. 1. its a black Pres bill, and 2, because it was Dem.
Wrong. Like everything else it needs to be tweaked and repaired
Make it work!
@1Deplorable42 When does 1 call it Health Ins? Bc I have it n name only pay prem n copays labs n diagnostics but can't afford 2 use it!
Exactly! And we will shut this Government DOWN, rather then create social programs that benefit nothing more than Socialism and Communism!!
But his bill was a charade as the funding to states would bend in 7 years, basically ending health care

http://avalere.com/expertise/life-sciences/insights/graham-cassidy-heller-johnson-bill-would-reduce-federal-funding-to-sta …

Yeah, well it's working for me just fine
Graham you failed time to ho home
Because he and @realDonaldTrump don't want it to work.  Unlikely allies.
When you haven't done any real bipartisan work, I would imagine it feels hrd to save. Stop being a baby and pandering to donors. #DoYourJob
Senator, how is it not working when I work the front lines and see it has helped so many of patients. You don't see it or you ignore it.
Then get together with Dems and find a middle ground.
Then you better fix it. Because you can’t repeal it.
Senator, it can be saved and be saved working together all of us. Not with this ludicrous bill which will  negatively affect so many in need

Oh, it will work just fine if the GOP stops sabotaging it.
@LindseyGrahamSC Maybe stop sabotaging it.
@LindseyGrahamSC how come many others feel the ACA can be fixed, are you so narrow minded that you can't work bi-partisan and try. #Shame
It's been worked for 8 years, despite the fascist GOP's best efforts. Graham is a typical GOP liar, using the Goebbels "repeat a lie" trick.
And senator graham is an idiot!
GOP 7 yrs of repeal- & no motivation or interest to save it. Off course Obamacare is failing!
It was never supposed to work. Best way to ensure single-payor. After destroying private health care market, O'Care was stop gap. Planned...
So work do the the Dems to improve it.  7 years and no good ideas on your own.  Lack of Trump's support is what's hurting it now.
Wow, when did the #gop all of a sudden get so passionate for ppls health care and we'll being? #insincerity
Hope for our future. Not the positions each side took. But for a practical debate of the issues and options facing us. Let’s do more of this
He's lying ..
@LindseyGrahamSC #GrahamCassidyKills Represent We The People ! Do it by trashing this jackass bill that will deny 30 mil ppl coverage
Because GOP is sabotaging and not trying to fix it
Your job is to represent us constituents and not your campaign donors! I am so tired of begging you not to kill us!
@LindseyGrahamSC #SCB4CNN #NoGrahamCassidy #SaveACA VOTERS before donors.
Put trumps name on it in gold letters,#nowwegotsomethingwecanworkwith
We can't afford both very low taxes, particularly for the wealthy, and healthcare guaranteed for all of our citizens. Such an easy choice.
Thats bcas american greed is too much for d world to bear
Couldn't have been from the GOP gutting the original ACA as a compromise to President Obama, could it?
You're not working and never going to. What a pathetic country we must be when it works everywhere else!

Obamacare dog whistle to the deplorable’s GOP stabbing ACA in the back so tax cuts for wealthy can have funds for theft. Treason UnAmerican
And he'll continue to ensure it never works. Creep
Not when the administration & the GOP is working hard to destroy it.
Not as long as Graham is in. Vote him out! Time for universal healthcare! Ask every other country how to do it.
Guarantee that either Putin or #ComradeBoneSpurs has concrete evidence of Lindsey being "more than friends" with other men.
Hmmm let's see, this seems to work:
Except for the cost savings, lower premiums for most people, lower increases, and coverage at highest rates ever...oh wait...
#ShutUpLindsey
It worked fine until the @GOP got control of all three branches and sabotaged it.
And yet after 8 years they could do no better
He's right.
