Fox News why aren't you investigating Graham/McCain selling chemical weapons on the black market in the Middle East?
Amen bc fox sold out to Soros
You people are insane
Block bots
I did block cantinca1.
Me too!! Tired of crazy in my ear!
So many uneducated people shooting their mouths off calling people who read and say we're the insane ones.  Have a great day!
You too
Lindsey Graham is a useful idiot and an American traitor just like McCain. Next term their OUT!
45 is the pussy grabbing traitor Wake up
More and more Americans tuning out swamp dweller speak like Graham's. He's ignorable as is McCain, Pelosi type human garbage ruining our USA
You people are funny Try facts not fiction Start by turning off Fox
The ACA saves lives.  Tax cuts for the wealthy don't. Repair and strengthen the ACA.
I think we have more important things to handle right now, the firing of Bannon, Miller, & Gotka. Alt-right=ISIS-USA  @SenJohnMcCain
Well, your buddy, John McCain screwed thing's up. Get something done on Obam care, show us you can do it.
What @realDonaldTrump said about #Venezuela are the MOST comforting words in TEN Years: Go there to learn the FACTS
Repeal Obamacare now
Graham - Voter target 2020 we won't forget or forgive your betrayal
Good Idea.
Why doesn't graham go back to work and actually do something for a change
Shoving the problem down to state lvl is not the answer & you know it. Will DE be able to fight for low presc drug prices? #justfixit #ACA
If republicans can't repeal yes they're in trouble at polls need new blood
DEMOCRATS &REPUBLICANS  WILL BECOME A THING OF THE PAST.
THEY NEVER CAME TO THE MIDDLE.
INDEPENDENTS FOR POTUS!
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC The best thing for health in the USA is get government completely out of it, completely!!
All of you need to stay out of our lives. Forced healthcare is just controlling people. Forcing to buy or be penalized. Congress sucks
Swampy, Good because American people to NOT want tax payer money 2 go for insurance bailouts. Will you get Traitor McCain on board?
The ACA has protections that Americans need!
Ugh...retweeting Faux news too much @LindseyGrahamSC . Not helping yourself look intelligent, sir.
How about you worry about getting KKK out of WH instead of trying to ram your HC Bill before the Russia indictments? Your HC Bill is Nazi T4
CIA Director Pompeo: Russia, Iran, and Hezbollah are exploiting chaos in Venezuela to launch ops
Lindsey Graham a politician who only wants to be on TV.  He's not interested in solving anything.
They'd BETTER REPEAL & REPLACE, or they will be REPLACED; also Conservative Christians DO NOT pay PPACT for butchering our YOUNG!
No! Listen to the American people fix the ACA. Enough party over country! Shameful!!!

I think you need to repeal Obama's mess and get your hands out of health care. Everything you guys touch gets screwed up.
http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/trumps-political-antics-push-consumers-health-care-costs-higher … Give it up Senator. Try writing "I will call it the ACA, not OBAMAcare"100 times. It is too painful to say O B A M A
The Senator had his chance with other Establishment leader. The system is broken & Regular that were not exempted are paying the price.
@POTUS  Sen Graham has new Obamacare idea a week interspersed with criticisms of other's ideas. He had 7 years to sort out his plan. Do it.
You damn right Obama would be giving the money iron money to increase their nuclear powers like you did Iran he should be shot for treason
Good on you mr graham
He "thinks" is the problem. How can he have any idea about healthcare when he is exempt & hasnt had a real job in a decade ?
Pls encourage @SenJohnMcCain call Gov AZ & retire after his shameful vote killing skinny bill then hugging commi Bernie he's not all there!
John McCain.  Hebrews 10: 30-31
I think federalism is the wrong approach, and you (GOP) demonstrated that with your failed attempt with ACA.
I guess in America only Blacks, Muslims, illegal Mexicans, and Women have a right to march in America?1
Really @FoxNews Time 4 all 2 condemn #whitesupremacist #racism & #trump can't lead if your not a leader! Healthcare off table

As insurers pull out of the ACA, people seek alternatives. Unfortunately the GOP will not be able to provide any, as promised.
Federalism? Is that a new name for socialism? Government needs to get out of healthcare. #FullRepeal
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC - you elites had 7 years. you spent that time watching house of cards. credibility = 0. grade: F.
Graham - Voter target 2020 we won't forget or forgive your betrayal

As my senator DO WHAT MOST AMERICANS WANT FOR ONCE IN YOUR CAREER. FIX ACA 75% of Americans including 51% want this!!
This is such a stupid idea. How in the world is the need for health insurance different from state to state?
It's called competition.
How to pay for it. We need ststes to run their own not dictated by u and the swamp
Lindsay is an idiot and I wouldn't trust anything he says.
WHY aren't experts negotiating with insurance companies for American people? Politicians have no expertise & screwed middle class.NO TRUST!
Regulating insurance is the business of each state, not the federal govt. Health care financial practices should be the focus of Congress.
Would like to know his definition of FEDERALISM.Federalism may work for MEDICAID butGOV has made HealthInsurance UNAFFORDABLE with no choice
Federalism?
Go head do it you have been preaching the same old chit for 50 years
The Milinals are watching & they see thru your free market crap
Support our President, Mr. Graham.
Lindsey Graham doesn't care about the American people!
Graham - Voter target 2020 we won't forget or forgive your betrayal
They won't do anything with Bitch McConnell in there
