Right. How about unfit for office
Republicans in Congress must put a stop to the obstruction of our President by Dems in Congress.
, your party looked other way as did 'electoral college' as trump bathed in threats re: killing and no loss of votes.
#countrybeforeparty you sir are colluding with Russia when you defend @potus at all cost. It will cost you.
START DEFENDING OUR PRESIDENT LINDSEY! SC VOTED YOU IN TO REPRESENT US!!! Do it.
Any politician that doesn't put our country first is an abomination to all they are meant to represent. You should be ashamed!
lmfao guess cnn sources not very reliable if they even do have sources cnn is isis look like fools everyday
You are MY senator and should work for ME and not the Republican party! They didn't elect you.
You do realize he's a Republican Senator right 
He is a SOUTH CAROLINA senator! He should be working for and representing all of us, not just the Republicans.
Ah when you said the Repubicans didn't elect him you threw me on that line. So who elected him I wonder?
I meant the national Republican party. 
You are either lying or leaking classified information which is it
Soros money tweets all over this, while democrats burn America with  their greed for power
There was a time I thought you were wonderful.  Now you are a trumpette
Did you read the Comey Opening Statement? "can you see your way clear to letting this (Flynn investigation) go, to letting Flynn go."
Nice, you left out a few key words.

I hope you can see this.

You can clearly see this.

You will see this.

Words matter.
You know, couple months ago, I actually thought you might turn over new leaf & become somewhat decent. U aren't, U haven't, U won't. Got it!
Everyone laughs at Fox News.  They are not considered a viable network in regard to any news.  Choosing them makes you look bad.
Graham is doing NO FAVORS to himself with his constituency.  He has shown himself to be disloyal to the president.
You repeat multiple times that Comey made clear that Trump was not being investigated. The key word missing here is YET. #Distractogate
Trying to make yourself important at the expense of the American People.
HAVE AMERICA LOST ITS SOUL?  SO SAD OF THIS LIAR PRESIDENT
History will not be good to you or the GOP.  Traitors all!
Today's GOP: "Good day" when we hear Prez demanded "loyalty" from FBI Director and asked him to drop Flynn investigation. Shameful.
Still trying to tear away #Comey's legitimacy & mollify #POTUS's actions while ignoring the facts & implications of the actual act? #enabler
Sorry Senator, your political rhetoric is blinding you again. U could be a good President. Trump is already a criminal, civil and political.
You're such a bloody traitor to your country
When you were growing up, did you want to be a traitor? Because you sure look like one.
How sad for America when a Senator chooses party over country. We're losing credibility worldwide & it hurts to see republicans ruin the USA
SO SAD OF THIS LIAR PRESIDENT
Are you serious? Start putting your country first and your pathetic party last and maybe we could trust you. He laughs in your face &U Bow!
Agreed, he's toeing the line, but no illegality. Also, Comey's tone is mockery... I see him laughing at the water cooler with colleagues.
Trump: “I just fired the head of the F.B.I. He was crazy, a real nut job...I faced great pressure because of Russia. That’s taken off.”
Trump is a liar and doesn't give a crap about this country - so no Graham - not a good day for Trump - why the coverup?????
You're a political hack.  His intent was clearly aimed at pressuring Comey to end the investigation. Impeachment in his future!
You have sold your soul to the devil! 
He was paid to do so, just like the rest of the GOP @GOP Soulless GOP
Graham is scary! OMG so scary! Poor guy - he can't come back from this!
The only collusion is among the liberal democrats determined to destroy the Trump administration at all costs.
Senator Grahm needs a dictionary
Don't hit the oncoming semi while looking in the rear view mirror, toady I used to respect you!
Not sure what u read...obvious obstruction of justice&Comey said that Trump not being personally investigated was #SubjecttoChange
so you decided to put your gonads away-to bad-I thought you had finally grown a pair-just another RINO-I know-I was a republican 4 40 years(
@LindseyGrahamSC Please put country before party. Act with integrity and morals.  Do not put the party before truth.  Please.
U were one of the few R's I respected. You have just lost a GOP voter forever. I'm done with GOP. Shame on you.
Wow what happened to you "never trumpers?"  Does daddy trump let u at least visit your balls he keeps in a glass jar? Country>party.
UR as delusional as the other folks in your party, who hear what they want to hear; not what is real!
Watching the world burn.
Are you kidding? He literally says Trump asked him to drop the Flynn investigation? In what made up reality is that not obstruction? #coward
shameful, sir
You told us you would promise to get to the bottom of the Russia.  Instead we see you are just a partisan hack.
Don't forget this along w/Comey testimony.

NYT: Trump brags to Russians about firing 'nut job' Comey
you very clearly did not actually read the testimony, multiple layers of obstruction are very clear throughout
With all due respect senator, please reflect on your statements & get your head examined.
Look at the sequence of events.
YOU are the biggest fn Liar
Lindsey, Lindsey, Lindsey... I don't always (rarely) agree with you politically but this isn't about politics.  I expected more from you.
The fact that you'd even support Fox News is troubling. But I'm sure you're well aware but chose to pretend differently. True colors clear.
Thank you Senator Graham, it's nice to hear some positive news after non stop false news and unnamed sources.
Too bad you're not from SC. I am a SC Republican who voted for him in the past and will NOT again. But then again I am country over party.
I NOW know that LINDSEY is also BATSHIT CRAZY. THIS is an OPEN & SHUT CASE of obstruction.  DUH.
@marthamaccallumcant believe the us senator stands by this fake minority president. lies, cheats. MickeyG
Thank u........finally the truth is out. I never once believed it
Let me know when you are speaking with a legitimate news source. Of course a real news group might ask you actual questions.
Thank you Lindsey Graham! You finally revealed where you stand in your interview. You stand for party, RNC and not your country, the Public!
"I'm Jim Comey and I approved this memo"
If you read this & determined Trump is innocent then you're either stupid or a liar. Perhaps both. You all deserve to go down w/Trump!
The investigation isn't even complete yet you've decided he's done nothing wrong. Maybe you're corrupt also. You work for us not Trump!!!
Been drinking that Kool-Aid made with Convefefe!
Your pathetic yes man Mr. Senator you try to bury it you'll be removed next election
Did you clear your remarks with John McCain? He does not think it is a good day for Trump.
I respect you--I think you're dead wrong.  This is a mess and you know it's a mess. How can you defend this President?
Graham - Who flipped you? Something has changed.
Did you go take a shower after that interview?
It was quite disgraceful. You have obviously decided to leave your ethics and morals at home, and hence sell out your country. Please retire
Good day wrt collusion. Not good wrt obstruction.
Comey told Trump he WASN'T then personally under investigation, not that he currently ISN'T.
No way I would ever watch the damned liars of @FoxNews. Corrupt & complicit: a national disgrace.
What a joke. If Hillary did this, would you think this wasn't OoJ? Or would you be chanting like a Drumpf rally.  #RESIGN
Also: Comey not only witness to obstruction! Sessions, Rosenstein and more.
POTUS has no respect for FBI CIA or Congress. Yet u seem pleased that POTUS wasn't given knock-out punch?  Ur a huge problem Senator.
Lindsey Graham betrayed his country.
Graham you are a coward!
You are now an even bigger embarrassment than DJT. You once had a backbone, where did it go? You represent the people not your party.
Sure is a pretty good day for trump. Absolute implication that he's obstructing justice in multiple levels and not one republican stands up.
Lol the president not clearly a felon now qualifies as a "pretty good day."
Fake news
You're out of your damn mind! What the text reveals is obstruction of justice. #DefNotALawyer
U were a piece of $hit yrs ago & u r a traitor a$$ piece of $hit that looks like he swallowed the canary today. What r u hiding?#Russiaowned
Today's hearing right up there w/Geraldo's Al Capone vault, Maddow Trump Tax Returns, & Rather DUI story. There's more excitement @ a wake
Trump 34% approval rating        57% believe trump is honest.       You can fool Only some of the people all of the time!!!
Comey didn't consider it obstruction of justice contemporaneous to memos bc he hadn't been fired yet! Once fired, obvious to a toddler.
#fakenews
I hope you are wrong because Trump is corrupt and it was obstruction when you try to stop an investigation but maybe not proven by the laws.
Finally lawyers talk & their is no obstruction of Justice or better no Russian collusion story either.. DEMOCRATS got SPANKED AGAIN by COMEY
You think @POTUS had a good day? Do u think we are all that gullible? #resist
Have you been DRINKING ALL DAY?  Sober up and reread. His tweets on Qatar alone are impeachable. Are you going to wait til we blow up?

My 5 year old said "I love you DT,your the nicest President ever" @POTUS
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @CNN
Remember when Trump gave out your cell number?
We need Republicans to stand up and stop the people (and President) being bullied by Democrats - what about leaks & shake downs by liberals?
If it was Hillary Clinton you would be shitting sunshine.  The hypocrisy is obvious.  We all see it.  Stop playing
You're wrong re Muller's tact, really the impact of Comey's words, and you lie to viewers implying you KNOW ALL re evidence about Trump. 
Love you, @LindseyGrahamSC. You are a straight shooter and very, very knowledgeable. Texans love you!
Obviously, we can't trust you anymore. You have lost all credibility. Time for you to go.
Obstructing Justice is nothing.  You are pathetic.  You have no integrity whatsoever.
Completely lost faith in you now. What's it like living in Trump's swamp? Wonder what happened to you. Sad.
Mr. @LindseyGrahamSC One day YOU should run for President! =)
Do you ever go on any network that isn't Trump TV?
What's wrong with you? Does he have a video of you?
Really?? No case and we should close this chapter? No obstruction? You are a disgrace! (Always been)
Don't watch fake news
My God, Russians are IN THE WHITE HOUSE & UR playing semantics. Be a true patriot & get Trump out
Comey wrote everything down& is willing to testify
Why won't Trump testify & give his version??
Thank u of what u really are doing now pls get us justice for #hrc#Dems obstruction of justice #emails devises bleachbit real evidence
Trump is not fit to be President. He is a traitor.
I thought you were great!!
don't watch fake news. Can u get on real news? And grow a set and fight for ur country . Ur #potus is treasonous
Have stopped listening to anything you say. A HUGE disappointment that you are putting party ahead of USA. You are a rat on a sinking ship!
really? Fox? Can't you guys go to any of the other 8 network news????
Tonight was the first time I have admired anything you had to say in almost two years. Keep it up for USA's sake. No more division!
SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT. Thought you might put country over party. Silly me.
Nice you made up your mind before the hearing! Now you can't even seem like you considered the material.
You know this is obstruction of justice.Comey firing for Russia investigation, intentional lying tweets to the people, comments to Russians.
I cannot imagine that your good friend Senator John McCain agrees with you!!! Something is up here, folks! What is Trump blackmailing u with
History will not be kind to you and your party of obstructionists.
you are such a dissapointment. I can no longer support the GOP. You're all part of a cover up
may god make his trip to hell quick
Nailed it Senator!
Shouldn't you go on something other than State TV, Lindsey?
Anything for the party! HRC or Obama would have been impeached over a month ago. Very disappointing!
Why do you give Fox any credibility? Go on NPR
Wtf?? How in the hell is that NOT obstruction??
Sad day. I didn't always agree with you but I respected and trusted you to do the right thing for America.
respect!

good job Senator
Thankfully we have Richard Burr to lead the senate intel.  Unlike you he isn't whoring himself out for air time on Fox Mr. Graham.
A garbage pail full of wasted verbage from the Senate Drama Queen who does nothing but waste words.
No one wants to watch your interview.
2 Clinton insiders reveal in their book Shattered, that Podesta/Mook made up the Trump/Russia collusion LIE to the media after Hillary lost!
Fox News = Faux News. Please appear on PBS or NPR to be credible!
Good interview
Are you f*****g crazy?! Never mind. You are!!! You have lost your mind taking up for Trump!! On #Foxnews at that!!! You have sold your soul
Investigate J.Podesta/R.Mook as they were the ones who hatched the Trump/Russia hoax within hrs after Hillary lost!
How do you know what Mueller knows?
America first means Country before Party.. period!
WTF
A tweet worth reading would be you announcing you've finally decided to do the right thing and put country over party. #CorruptComplicitGOP
Linds really wants that military spending for SC. So much he'll sell out the rest of the country
Funny, but nary a mention in your interview @FoxNews of "batshit crazy." #MuchoSad
bcs  y were recorded on incidental surveillance also, and all your bluster was just for posturing
What does Trump have on you? Did they find your boyfriend?
Helluva assumption u make here and I think a lot of legal folks disagree. Disappointed w/u.
So you're going to fail us?
There's obstruction from the @GOP.  You're more interested in protecting Trump & jamming thru an unpop agenda, than getting the truth. SAD!
This is incredibly bad news for #TheResistance as it's will be mighty uphil battle to get the @GOP to move on Trump.
Yeah, while he may have clearly committed obstruction, it's gonna be a while...
So you impeached Bill Clinton for a blowjob but  not Trump for impeding an FBI investigation or hookers? Wow, not my mom & dads gop anymore!
wrong.
Party before country,  eh?  Sad.
Is this analysis correct given that the President cannot be charged with OoJ and that impeachment is a political, not legal issue?
Wasn't a subject-past tense.He also would not commit to publicly saying it , because if he did, he would have to announce it, risk too great
