Is the rest of America going to get the health insurance that you and the rest of the Senate enjoys? The House too?
Nope they get to keep Obamacare. Nice, huh?
better than where they want to take us back to...
Trying 2convey Grahams hypocrisy. He is a fraud. Its a death sentence 4my father who had a  attack 3 wks ago. ACA saved/is saving his life
No, the ACA didn't save his life. A DOCTOR saved his life. Doctors even do that for people with no insurance!
South Carolinians want a full repeal now! That is the first half of the repeal & replace promise!
Yes! This tired "it's failing" refrain has run its course. The ACA isn't running on all cylinders but it's certainly repairable.
Govt told not to pay the providers so they would fail. You are too smart to know otherwise.
WRONG!People want BETTR not WORSE!Which is what you are serving up!Yu bent on gettin those tax cuts,right out of a disabled child's whlchair
Because GOP won't work w/Dems to fix markets! #FixACA
AND you did nothing but sabotage Obamacare for 7 years for politics. SHAMEFUL.
There are 3144 county's in the United States, not a big deal.
But you and your party have no clue about what is better...
Just repeal
Let me fix that for ya: "I supported the motion to cut health insurance for thousands of vulnerable South Carolinians."
Watching closely to see what his final vote is.
Don't watch closely.  It will always be party over country with him.
You called it!
South Carolinians want the ACA fixed, not replealed.  #CountryOverParty !
Impeach and imprison
Why you lie?
Demand that Federal Employee's be on the same Health Care Plan as the American people and then we'll see some bipartisanship!
Mr. Graham, I do not have a short memory. No medicaid expansion is the reason.
Edit: *being* moved toward collapse.
How come no one is questioning the insurance companies? What about something like "MediShare"? Would that work?
Why do you want to take healthcare away from Americans??
Repeal and Replace Progressive Republicans like Lindsey Graham in 2018 and replace with Conservative Rep--Ex Dem 27 yrs
not true re: repeal.  Fix what is broken.
Senator Graham, we must fix the situation in those 40 counties, but do we have to trash ACA for the rest of the country to do that? 1/3
None of the Republican replacement bills are an improvement over the ACA. Why not pass a modification to the ACA that will force   2/3
carriers to participate in all counties if they want to participate at all.
True. But what lobbyists want and what America needs are usually two different things. Doesn't hurt to remind him who he's supposed to serve
This is about tax breaks for the 1% NOT ABOUT QUALITY AND AFFORDABLE HEALTHCARE FOR US CITIZENS !!! Wake up people. This is rich v. poor.
of course it is. the whole GOP is class warfare... money, money, money
Social Security is supposed to be bankrupt by the time I'm ready for it. Should we trash it or fix it??  Don't throw baby out w/bathwater!
Please do not vote yes on something you know is wrong.
You and the rest of the @SenateGOP haven't been transparent at all. Obamacare passed AFTER public hearings and debates #DumpTrumpcare
You and your party have proven incapable of providing something better. After 7 years, it's obvious you arent smart enough to figure it out.
Without the universal mandate, there is no risk pooling. 
Am also concerned H of R want to take lessen tax breaks employer based insurance.
So where's the debate. All we're seeing is defeat. No solutions just more Russian excuses. And you folks ready for more vacation in August?
If that was what SC wanted...Y'all would have had no problem passing it! Am I right ???
@SenateGOP had years to come up with something. Stop bashing ACA & trying to secretly push through the #Deathcare act/tax break for rich
Why don't you fight for the same healthcare for ALL AMERICANS that your freind Mccain in currently receiving ?
You all boxed selves in with the REPEAL BS for years. Fix the broken stuff and drop the macho hardline crap. Be a leader dammit!!!
GIVE US THE OCARE PLAN U FED EMPLOYEES HAVE, WE COULD AFFORD THAT! HUSSEIN OBUMMER IS NOTHING MORE THAT AN IRANIAN LOVER EITHER! IE: OCARE!
This South Carolinian that works in healthcare completely disagrees with this crap. Work with Dems, don't govern in a silo.
Prior to ACA, there were many folks unable to obtain insurance, from any provider. Stop with the party line.
Change parties, get two other Senators to join you, and fix the ACA rather than repeating this BS
Senator Graham, a bill - or amendments to a bill - need to be done WITH ALL AMERIVANS in mind. Not just the wealthy. Bipartisan Debate Now.
So help fix it, but please let my stepson keep his medicaid.
You really don't want to put false facts out.  If you think we aren't fact checking you than you sorely mistaken.
We've taken over 7 Yrs to twiddle our thumbs and haven't done SQUAT to replace the so called OBAMACARE. We the GOP R a disgraceful bunch!!!
I work with South Carolina providers. Do you want me to release Obamacare providers? Because it's more than ONE.
No. South Carolinians want you to stop sabotaging Obamacare and actually propose bills that help it lower costs & increase competition.
Preach!
Sen Graham, Please describe what you prefer to replace #ACA #Obamacare. You've had 7 years to create a better plan #WhatsYourACAReplacement
Don't pass laws you conveniently exempt yourself from having to follow. You should get the same "replacement" you force on constituents.
That's fine if indeed it's better, but right now the bill is far worse
Skinny plan does ZERO to lower premiums for middle class ages 50-64 year olds who work as freelancers.  WHAT R U DOING ABOUT THIS?
So fix Obamacare! What you're doing now is vicious and wrong both in result and process. Legislating healthcare with this process is wrong.
You need to tell the truth about why that is. The GOP crippled the positive effects in SC. #Honesty #integrity
BE Brave, Be a leader. Be bipartisan fix  the ACA, -
Prescription drugs and stabilizing markets. The GOP plan is a dead horse and it stinks.
Why-because of republican misinformation and deliberate attempts to defund provisions  in Obamacare while attempting to destroy it
I disagree with you, but I don't totally hate you and I appreciate ur integrity. Don't understand y u don't want ppl 2 have hc.
Sorry Lindsey, on this we have no agreement. But yet, I still support you on many other ideals. 
Let's look at bonuses given to insurance executives while they plead poverty from participating in ACA. Along the same lines as Trump taxes.
The ACA is the center right plan you won't admit is the best starting point you can get. Doodle a dinosaur on it and pass it to Trump.
Fix it or go to Medicaid for all.  Stop killing Americans.
Simple solution same healthcare for all that a single term senator gets.
@LindseyGrahamSC - The American people deserve better than to rush through votes on healthcare bills that don't even exist. Why?
The ones I know just wanted it improved.
All want a better plan but we gotta see it. A bird in hand is worth two in the bush. No?
Or you can fix it since it's not failing in every state; only those with GOP dominated legislatures and senators...
Well, Senator, your party has no replacement plan and hasn't for over 7 years.  GOP fails.
People recognize the GOP and its bastard child Trump have worked hard to destabilize the markets. You have a chance to fix it, but won't.
GOP sabotage. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/25/opinion/republicans-obamacare-aca.html …
#SaveACA #Medicare

Make sure it's better, worked in compromise, for greater good. a draft today, how many would be unfit due to health and nutrition problems?
Tell everyone to remember 2018. Better not repeal especially with no replacement Need to refine ACA
a bold faced LIE by a pathetic excuse for a man who is a member of a pathetic party
Pansy Damn Graham..https://twitter.com/CG83548496/status/890218495048376322 …
You lie.
Just fix it...its failing in states without Mexicare expansion.
racist
Don't you hear the protesters right there in the Capitol building? And the thousands in the streets every week?   Fix the ACA! don't repeal!
Can you hear us yet?  You WILL Lindsey.  Sooner than you think. Don't become another #TrumpToady.  Stand up to him!
Stand up for us! Try and remember who you work for, Lindsey!
Sir you are blaming the ACA for your failure to improve and strengthen it.  You and your party are the ones that are failing
Mr. Graham, it is wrong to repeal,based solely on the GOP's hatred for Obama & allowing #45 to bully y'all...you know I'm right.
It's moving toward collapse b/c you're pushing it that direction. We call that market manipulation in finance.
If Republicans want to reduce healthcare $ why haven't you allowed Rx from Canada?   Too much Rx lobby $ at risk for you, that's why.
Please work with Dems to shore up the ACA, then develop a better plan along with them.  Current bills under consideration are worse than ACA
You are incorrect sir!  The Affordable Care Act is so much better than anything currently proposed by the GOP!
Stop smugly lying. ALL American people deserve the same health insurance you and the rest of Congress have. Hypocrite.
Every single days u guys r working to ensure ACA collapses. Hope you're proud of yourselves.
If Obamacare is failing, fix it, don't get rid of it.  Do you care about the millions of people who will lose coverage.  Please vote no.
Listen up your representing our state of SC our family of 5 has had no ins for 7yrs if you don't help this state we will vote you out 2018!
Your party is intentionally strangling the ACA just to stick it to the black guy. You know it. I know it. And MM of Americans know it.
Yes & BCBS only covers its clients within the state, not out of state. I don't have coverage now. Not paying for nothing.
You Can't EVEN GET it Together and Stand And SUPPORT the President WE will NOT Support you New REPUBLICAN Blood to replace You
You Didn't VOTE YES you Voted NO so WE will VOTE no to You n Replace YOU With NEW REPUBLICAN Blood to replace if you it's ABOUT US not U
No, just fix it!
REPEAL ONLY.  Get Gov. Out of the way!!
What SC residents want is truly affordable healthcare that really works! This isn't a sport. When partisan politics wins, America loses.
It is time for Washington to grow up and learn to work together. If my 4-year-old can do this, surely grown "professionals" can!
No Lindsey, listen to America not whining vindinctive DJT. FIX ACA, dont take benefits or care from people. Do something to help not hurt
If it is a good move, why are you constantly "selling" it, Lindsay? Good decisions can stand on their own.
This is a lie& you know it. Yesterday, as you were voting to take insurance away, insurance companies posted huge 2nd quarter profits.
How about #MAGA by draining the health insurance lobbyists' swamp and THEN we can have an authentic discussion about healthcare
Every single member of Congress and the government should have to live with the same health care as the American with the least of benefits
Not really. Repeal will collapse the healthcare system, from insurers to insured to hospitals. Why y'all so evil?
Wouldn't it have been nice if you had a comprehensive health care plan rather than sinking Obamacare with no decent replacement? Shameful
SC citizens DO NOT overwhelmingly support repeal of ACA...check your Twitter account, voicemail, and logs of visitors to your offices!!!
There are 3142 counties in the US--help the 40 counties w/o healthcare providers--don't destroy healthcare for the 3000+ remaining!!!
But replace with what? Simply denying health care to millions? This constituent has benefited greatly from Obamacare. #repair? #dontbecruel
your vote was just partisan!! If we are all Americans then we need a bi-partisan plan.
Is it so important to repeal that you will do so will a plan that will hurt many of your consituents?
Please support @realDonaldTrump WE elected you to REPEAL and REPLACE now; no more delay!Praying you come together as one for the good of USA
But what's your plan?
You own it like a tacit admission
Because you and your buddies are sitting on your hands, doing zip. YOU OWN IT BUDDIE
@LindseyGrahamSC I see you took my advice and changed your design... This is still pretty bad.
You've spent all your time knocking the legs out from under the chair, dude! Of course it will fall, but you should fix, leave medicaid be.
Thank you for voting No on the BCRA. Trump's talking point is now being used? Replace with 'something better'. Because after 7 yrs, why not?
Are people in South Carolina this dumb and gullible?
Is cruel inhumane and barbaric
So you vote NO on repeal? Yeah, that makes sense. #uslelessSenate #DoYourJob
Thirty of my finest silver coins for you fine sir!  It hasn't been my first payment and I doubt it is my last.  Missing you old friend :(
GOP don't want to help fix ACA cause they want the money!! They don't care about non wealthy people...
Before ACA there wasn't any affordable HEALTHCARE anywhere...  People with pre existing conditions couldn't get healthcare... Stupid..
WHY DO YOU HAVE A SECRETLY VOTED ON HEALTHCARE PLAN? THE  SENATE&CONGRESS ARE http://HYPOCRITES.YOU  CARE NOTHING ABOUT OUR VETERANS OR US
You & Republicans killed it. For shame! You should be supporting not sabotaging. It is important to u I see to wipe out Obama legacy.
#hypocrite
That's Funny, @Politico is reporting that @LindseyGrahamSC voted NO to repeal & replace today. Either way, he's a RINO.
Fix our American Health Care!
Hop into the healthcare pool you're condemning the rest of America to you craven fool. Country before party was clearly too much for you.
#Repeal and let the free market work...and no more taxes to cover your free Cadillac plan!!!! #draintheswamp #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
Lindsey Graham is up for de election in 2020. Remember his votes and the 353,000 people from SC he wants to take off health coverage
Call Lindsey Grahams office and demand he take the SC out of his twitter name and replace it with LindseyGrahamGOP because he doesn't rep us
You disappoint me Lindsey.
It's not the ACA, it's the insurance companies!
I vote No, Senator. Pardon my French, but f*ck that bill.
Thank You Sen Graham on behalf of our friends in S.C. I know it's a difficult time 4 @GOP Senators & U stood up 4 people Find bipartisan Fix
Why do you want to kill my father, a veteran & retired chief of police, who supported you at one time? #RepealAndReplaceTrump #VoteOutGraham
Ur vote tonight says opposite. Tmrrw vote on repeal only, better have ur vote towards it. 2018 is approaching & repubs are watching. #Enough
Were you listening to the speech? Read much not provided by a Republican?
Fix the exchanges. You know it's possible.
to say that i am disappointed in you and your peers elitist behavior would be a vast understatement. I cannot wait until the 2018 elections.
you know gop crashed aca. you are no better than the rest
Fix don't replace croaker
Repeal and replace the healthcare that Congress gets to the one you replace it with. That's a true test.
GOP sabotage of Obamacare, Senator.
That's because in your state and other southern states, you have done your best to make it fail. You are 
 Wrong about this.
Molina Healthcare is laying off close to 1400 people.  Think about the downstream impact and find a way to make it work.
I've been working at MCOs for more than 20 years.  It can be fixed but partisan politics are creating a situation far worse.
Your time is up. Your constituents know you're a corrupt liar,  a fraud stripping them of the care u keep for yourself. #GOPCorruption
Trumpcare like Trump is an abomination Fix ACA or go to single payer Premiums based on income Negotiate drug prices
Senator, there are over 3000 counties--1% of counties that don't have this is hardly a "collapse".  So why don't you and the GOP fix it?
Literally the worst thing to represent SC. I look forward to replacing you.
You're another disappointment. Enjoy your blood money while Putin delights in your carrying out his agenda of killing Americans. #Traitor
You couldn't stop Obama and you refuse to help Trump..WHAT good are you...what a do nothing blowhard
something better being key....no spinning, no bullshit
You are an embarrassment
Thank u for your NO vote on full repeal. Constituents over party!
Repeal and Replace the GOP
stop your lying!
Please press for hearings and debate.  This matters to us and we won't forget.
Sir, post talks about counties that have no health ins provider.  Can you post the number of counties that have done better under Obamacare?
I know u wanna destroy the 44s legacy, but if u were human you'd tweak the ACA to solidify it instd of killing it like ur doing 2 americans

Thank you!
After 7 years a vague reference to "something better" is all you got?
You will NEVER have to go without health care. This is an utter disgrace
Only reason providers R leaving is because GOP won't fund the ACA as required by law & GOP keep telling insurers GOP repealing ACA. #FixACA
Listen to your good friend Senator John McCain,work in a bipartisan manner and make ACA better! Return to regular Order!Do your job!
Had hoped you were a man of integrity my bad
But you know this isn't the way to go Lindsay. Return to Regular Order in the Senate.

But how much of that situation is caused by SC not takinf part in the ACA subsidies scheme? How will Trumpcare improve SC's situation?
Do you even know, or care, how many South Carolinians will be devastated if trumpcare passes? #healthcare
Replacing the ACA with something like RyanCare/McConnellCare that is stillborn will not be an improvement.
Citizens learn from experience.
If Obamacare is collapsing, it is ON YOU and your fellow republicans.  You know this, we know this.  You are lying to America.  Traitor!
Truly sorry that you changed your vote. We all know better -there will be no debate. You gave us hope before. Hope you can live w this vote.
Not true, Sir! #SaveACA
As a progressive, I actually like you most of the time. But not today. Shame on you.
A collapse that you and your colleagues (and DT) own.  Undermining the ACA by denying payment of subsidies...fix it.  Don't make it worse.
Why not fix the problems with the exchanges instead of gutting Medicaid?
Don't replace. Get gov out of healthcare!
Your votes not only effects the insured. It effects those working in healthcare amd the entire community.
Don't play politics with my healthcare! There are serious lives and life savings at risk for a stupid short sided political point #JUSTFIXIT
Please think of your constituents. We have one of the highest rates of uninsured. Make the ACA better for all.

You failed anyone from SC who isn't rich. Obamacare provided millions with healthcare that didn't have it before. You should be disgusted.
Your constituents want the ACA to live. Fix the exchanges. Do not take away insurance from millions. #DoNotRepeal
You sabotaged the ACA with your budget.
South Carolina citizens DO NOT WANT THE ACA repealed. Can you listen to your constituents? ACA saves lives. TrumpCare will kill millions.
liar
I eagerly look forward to my vote to get you out of office. Thank you for giving me all the reasons.
I think today's vote might bite you in the ass in 2018....repealandreplaceGRAHAM
