Collapse your own healthcare. And also confirm Merrick Garland!!!
.@GriffTheImpaler @LindseyGrahamSC lol garlands not even a thought in the SCOTUS proceess, thanks we have our pick ;) #GoingNuclear
Opting out hurts our economy more than gov't paying for Medicaid.
Medicaid is fine, the fraud needs to be exposed cleaned up im against ANOTHER govt run prgm
...be for everyone. We should have one gov't program for all to ensure u or anyone else...
Shame on you Senator. You may not like the vehicle, but it's running ans serving the people. Tune up the engine.
,@MSkotnicki @LindseyGrahamSC ahhh it works for you so it works or every one? wrong #ImOptingOut Govt cant run Govt, it can run YOUR HC
Good luck to you on your own.
.@MSkotnicki its worked since Osamacare inception and I dont have to pay for your pap smears either thats a relief
Ouch, boy that one hurt. Take your painful loss out on me.  Ha Ha.
.@MSkotnicki I didn't lose a thing, I save a lot of money opting out but thanks ;)
Make sure you pay your annual tax.
And I thought you were one of the good guys who actually cared about ~10 million Americans who will lose health insurance?
.@dychejs @LindseyGrahamSC sorry y'all didn't give a shit when we lost our insurance #OurGiveADamnsBroken when y'all lose yours #caring
The problem here being that the "Replace" part was exactly why this failed in the first place. Never had a real plan...
.@BitoTx @LindseyGrahamSC never should've of replaced #MedicaidPaysForThat shoulda been a full repeal
perhaps hearings would have helped; and asking Dems to participate instead of trying to ram it thru in a rush. Stupid strategy.
.@HornintheOzarks @LindseyGrahamSC it worked so well with the democrats &  ACA didnt even read it, at least the collapse is all on y'all
Great idea! The GOP will collapse and us voters can get busy replacing them with folks who can actually govern.
.@WNewsom @LindseyGrahamSC lol we already tried that y'all failed for 8 years chief, not going to happen. you have no one who governs lol
Repair & Improve
You're sounding a lot like Donald Trump here; you disappoint me.
Trumpcare=Wealthcare
"Be a hero" and try to work well with others. Counting on you to improve the ACA for all Americans
And you profess to be PRO LIFE!!!
Such great care for your constituents.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Reps never tried "Repeal & Replace" - you tried "Repeal & Disgrace". You had 7 years and 0 good ideas!
You call that governing?  IRRESPONSIBLE and pitiful
How irresponsible. Be a grownup and work for the American people for once - not political capital.  Prevent more suffering!
Announcing a scorched earth policy on health care is not responsible government. Disappointing coming from you.
I always respected you. I'm a moderate but why would you hope for collapse? Try to improve it. Be human and have a heart.
Take it off the shelf, reach out to a democrat, have a cup of  and talk about how you can make American better for all.
Appears efforts to screw over America have failed. Truth always wins out, Lindsey. You lost because you all lied.
why not intro legislation to improve the areas of the ACA that need it? Like short enroll period and cap on diff in prices?
" Collapse and replace" isn't really a "move". Just the only option left. (Also, not catchy. Needs to be alliterative.)
stop tweeting and join the Dems to fix the issues with  ACA
your job is to legislate, create laws, not to oppose and destroy. #workwithdems #doyourjob
that one sounds like a politician tryin to b funny ur not get gov out of health care no more entitlements
You must feel so proud.
surprised at your heartlessness and perhaps new height of Immaturity
Respectfully, the Rhetoric is not constructive. 'Like playing the Ace of Hearts when you have no spades. 'Make sense?
Repeal.  Do not teplace. Open the insurance market for people to choose their own (or not) & keep Gov't out of it.  Period.
Why not do something to make it better? That's right, if Obama did it the GOP must kill it. You work for us Lindsey.
...politics, but to hear a comment like this makes me to be involved to make sure all of u never get re-elected.
Are u saying u will purposely collapse ACA!?! GOP must truly be heartless. Shame on u. I've never been involved in...
you need to work on something that does not screw the poor/elderly!! Call the Dem's when you do
The majority of people do not want ACA repealed. They want it fixed & made stronger. Why is that so hard for you to understand?
instead of making this about Obamacare make it about Real Working Healthcare for all.
. It only had 17% approval, it would have kicked 24 million people off insurance....what was so great about it?
It's mind numbing to Americans that you politicize health care this way. The ACA is law; if it has holes, fix them!
Country before party,Start reaching out and fix it why would you want something as important as health care to collapse?
Why not repair ACA?
No -next move on to getting serious about #Trumprussia & #DonTheCon fleecing the USA with @GOP blessing!
@CheriJacobus Sabatoge & Laugh
How did the insurance industry make $4 billion in profit last year?
@CheriJacobus The ACA would be a resounding success if red states weren't withholding funding. Knock that shit off.
Make it work. Easier and better for country.
How about Revamp.
Yeah, except the CBO says it's not collapsing any time soon http://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/3/14/14921594/obamacare-implosion-ahca …
@CheriJacobus Forget replacement. Get the federal government out of the way. Repeal it. Reduce taxes. Reduce regs. Golf.
why not try to fix what's  wrong with Obamacare instead of repeal?  @SpeakerRyan @SenSchumer @BernieSanders
It's actually not called Obamacare it's the ACA. Obamacare is a name GOPers gave it to insult it. #KeepAndFixACA
you continue to screw the middle class...can't wait to see how you screw uson tax cuts too
.@ewhit621 @LindseyGrahamSC did you care when we lost our ins FOR ACA? Didn't think so, we dont care if you lose yours either #ImOptingOut
or you could just fix the ACA's issues. That's what Americans want.
@CheriJacobus this is your chance for a real legacy. Be the leader who bridged the gap and fixed aca. History will remember
so you'd rather let people suffer as it collapses?!
sounds irresponsible of our govt to wait for a collapse . Sometimes you all act like juveniles on Capitol Hill
You know that PEOPLE are affected by your flippancy about a "collapse".
Don't be like that. Country over party. Today showed it is possible. Follow along sir.
how about FIX the problems. Look around people like the ACA.  Change your thinking.  #AmericanPeopleWin
Uhm. How about improving it? 

Probably the most "EASY D"!
the collapse will be on the party in power.  Try repair like you should have done 7 years ago.
learn to thread tweets
There is enough data on #Obamacare . Why not try to fix it from what we have learned?
What a despicable statement. You don't care about the American people.
now you can oh let me think.....investigate the traitors in the White House. Just a thought.
That's such a stupid, childish position.   Why don't you focus on fixing what is broken.
Maybe try and pass phase 2 and 3 that actually help drive costs down and help constituents? DEMs might even approve.
Negative Ghostrider.
A lot of collateral damage will ensue. Blaming Democrats is all very well, but ... people will suffer
OR if you were truly patriots, you'd work to make it better for ALL Americans. So yeah, you'll pray it fails instead. @LindseyGrahamSC
.@LindseyGrahamSC I'm #OptingOut not wasting my money on low budget insurance and certainly not paying for someone else's.
really?  You guys were so hell bent on getting rid of this for 7 years.  1 would think you could do something better
That's just great Senator. You don't care about us out here with crappy coverage, sky high premiums/deductibles. Thanks.
Why are "replace" or "collapse" the only future the GOP can envision for the ACA? Ever hear of a repair shop?
Allowing what you say is disastrous healthcare to collapse is dangerous to Americans.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Why wouldn't you FIX it instead???? I have tons of respect for your leadership, but why not use it here?
Great moniker - Collapse and Replace. In the meantime, people cannot afford health insurance, will hurt badly.
ty for working with the #GOP and delivering healthcare reform just like every single one of you promised #cantlegislate
Just because it is called "Obamacare" doesn't mean that you aren't allowed to touch it.  #TryBipartisan
Don't be a coward. Work to fix #Obamacare. (Especially since it probably won't collapse.)
yeah but you still failed no do the right thing and send Russia to a special prosecutor
.@LindseyGrahamSC How about repair and rejuvenate? That would be novel.
or you could all work together to make it better--for the people. You know, do your damn job.
don't be too smug. Obamacare is saving lives. Worry about Russia, please!!
All we want is the same health care you get. Very simple!
maybe do whats right for the pple..not the wealthy and politics
When are you Republicans going to come up with some new ideas?  Being totally evil just doesn't seem to be working for you.
unfortunately for you your Party will not hold the majority in 2019 and AHA will be fixed instead of dead...#seeya
why the GOP so afraid to work with Dems over years to make incremental improvements? GOP letting down country for years
The people want a new healthcare bill that is finally affordable!
C'mon you've got more sense than that. Your constituents need health insurance. Reinstate the mandate.
OR work in a non-partisan way with Dems to fix problems! But I guess that would be out of the realm of possibility. Sadly.
You are a sick, demented man if you can't work to improve ACA instead of waiting for 24 million people to lose coverage.
how about you try to improve the law.. instead of just REPEALING it.
- not sure your constituents will be happy with the collapse plan. Keep going after the truth about Russia!
shame on you!!!!
You are a democrat! I'm embarrassed to say you represent my state. You should have done something today to make this disaster law go away
.@LindseyGrahamSC See, by RUSHING that last tweet you forgot your precious hashtag. Same thing with that abortion of a healthcare bill.
Freedom Caucus members must be defeated at the polls.
you could do what you should have done back 09 and make the existing law that best it can be for all.
Settle down.
In other words, +7 yrs republicans didn't have a better plan. @SpeakerRyan - who just admitted pubs arent ready to govern
you could've helped build ACA but you didn't, you obstructed. 7 years later you came w/o a plan and failed the people again
Or you could fix what's there, instead of trying to destroy healthcare for the poor, elderly, and women. No sympathy 4 you.
.@mithrasangel @LindseyGrahamSC You didn't have any sympathy when we lost our ins what makes you think we will care when you lose yours?
Actually, a nonpartisan solution would be to improve it w/out screwing ppl who value its protection. @LindseyGrahamSC
You all know how ridiculous this looks, right? Seriously. If ACA is that bad, then shouldn't you have "fixed" it today?
Your constituents need you to work with Democrats to strengthen the ACA, not work to undermine it.
then maybe you Rynos can relearn what conservatism actually means
Ryan just said they're moving on to other things. Screw the platform Republicans have been running on for 8 years.
hope the next step is to just fix what isn't working vs full repeal get bi-partisan consensus please thats what we all want
the end of the Republican Party you let us down welcome to the end of America
.@LindseyGrahamSC why don't you reach out to @TheDemocrats and FIX the ACA together?Talk about partisan! I thought you were better than that
Even @SenJohnMcCain talked about reaching out to democrats during his Facebook town hall yesterday
.@Oslofour @LindseyGrahamSC @TheDemocrats @SenJohnMcCain #ACA has issues but does insure, work with it, stop trying to reinvent the wheel
No. We need to expand the market from ACA to the next logical step, UNIVERSAL health care. Are you going to sit idle?
It's unfortunate that the party put forth such a terrible bill. They have had years to prepare and couldn't get it done.
why?
The republican party owns the Fix....not repeal.
No fix the parts that need impvmnt and live happily ever after.
or you could, y'know, try to improve things.  just a thought!
partisanship at its finest. That's a big F U to the American people.
maybe you should try and bring people together to fix the healthcare we have be a hero here the country needs one
I will collapse from a heart attack and my health care will be replaced with a kick in the balls.
that's no more humane.
Ryan needs to resign
