I support the @POTUS and his budget, get it passed yesterday cut the waste
Cut the stupidity.
Totally agree the wasteful spending is Stupid!
Cut the Trump
No Trump will go down as the best president in modern history, support him 1000% but I am only a deplorable from the SW
Sorry Senator, you are becoming an opportunist at every turn. Used to respect you but no more, support the President and regain self respect
Oh, my stars and garters! How dare address Senator Southern Belle like that? You'll give him the vapors.
Well, I do declare.
Always thought you were a straight shooter- raised your sister and all but truly you are a hypocrite like all the rest
Why do you think Graham REFUSES to vote to have Trumps taxes released?

Cause he's complicit.
"About to try & hint to my boy Prick to hide double-dip on 22% projected growth LIE so it's quackery less obvious."
Big victory for the American worker,  only Dems would think that putting us at a disadvantage to the world is a good idea.
Yep, you're the smartest person in the room?
You guys have 2 be the bad guys temporarily in order 2 get this country back on track! Obama never tried to balance the budget! You must!
Senator Graham, 1. Defense is important, but we are talking about FOOD & HEALTHCARE! 2. RUSSIAN SANCTIONS are back under discussion! FOCUS!
Lindsey, I sure wish you were president of the US. (Sigh)
Jump on the Trump train. Rinos are an endangered species. Get onboard or get out and take McCain with you.
Gowdy can NOT be allowed to replace Chaffatz! That committee requires someone neutral and Gowdy IS NOT! Please help if you can!
Gowdy is the most ethical person in Congress!
By what standard. He's a small minded bigot.
TRUMP budget that gives you healthcare and takes away my healthcare
I've stopped donating to GOP until they stand behind POTUS
The Trump budget that steals from military families,the middle class,the poor and gives a tax break to the 1%? That the one?
A budget for the wealthiest people very ashamed of you
assumes 3% growth for 10 more years ??  Never before done in our history.  My daughter can't afford
Your daughter can't afford not to have it pass. Cuts are needed. Drastic ones.
You are a traitor
You mean the one that royally screws veterans, poor people, the disabled, children, the elderly,  and everyone who is NOT  wealthy?
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/05/28/graham-kushner-russia-238897?cmpid=sf …. Hilarious that people actually thought, briefly, that you were reasonable and bi-partisan. 
The budget sucks. Republicans....Party of Death.
The tech world can find you @LindseyGrahamSC . DONT EVER UNESTIMATE TECHNOLOGY. WE GOT YOU. WAIT FOR IT MR. YOUR NEXT. (7
Gut every damn republican. It's proven without a shadow of doubt you all sold out your country. Republicans will never see respect again. (6
Because @LindseyGrahamSC is guilty also. Yes,America. Lindsey Graham is guilty too. Call for Lindsay Graham to be investigated back to 2013.
There would only be ONE REASON A GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL WOULD NOT WANT AN INVESTIGATION ABOUT OUR ELECTION BEING HACKED. AND THAT WOULD BE  (5
Would never LAUGH IT OFF. IT ONLY SHOWS YOUR GUILT. I REMEMBER YOU IN TRUMPS campaign, you played your part in this well. (4
Don't know how Mulvaney sleeps at night.
Think #Putin's tired of winning yet? I don't. #TrumpRussia is #Treason. Tell your friends
The #TrumpCrimeFamily needs to go - NOW. Do we have to destroy the Republican Party to get anything done? Because I promise you we will.
Go for it Lindsey, you don't support the president on anything and voters will take notice.
I am done with you Graham and so us most of Sun City Hilton Head
Do you know how much you sound like your on the Democrats side about everything? Maybe you need to change over to be a Democrat
Be sure & ask him why he called hungry children "dogs begging for scraps at the table" when he was still a SC Congressman.
Caverflo Natural Herbal Coffee A person just died from the chemicals in this coffee.We need to keep inspectors to keep this from happening.
I know you think you're important, but you and McCain are not just RINOS, but Dems in sheep's clothing. Please shut up and go away.
Don't be a Scrooge
Deleting funding for essential social services, slaughtering 10k wild mustangs to accommodate tax cuts for tRump family is despicable.
Please discuss math error.
Congrats, nigga. You Russia now.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/the-latest-trump-to-hold-iowa-rally-next-week/2017/05/24/8bd4d7f6-40de-11e7-b29f-f40ffced2ddb_story.html?utm_term=.b95a54f2c5b9 …
“Dr. King wants the same thing I want. Freedom.” — Malcolm X
It is your job to work with POTUS to arrive at an acceptable budget, not to spill your guts negatively to the Press every chance you get.
Why ever Senator Graham are you mixed up with  allbuzinessTerry Valentine)? They are rude New Yorkers!
I hope you're wearing a beautiful summer dress
We like Trump trimming it up.
Sanders was Awesome
That's right. Take away health care access to your constituents. I mean, your poor constituents, right?
Access to healthcare is not taken away from anyone except under Obamacare..you can keep your doctor, health plan...all another OBAMALUE.
Ask him about compassion again.  Is he an Irish Catholic?  Can't believe he is living his faith.
What the hell is wrong with you past the president's budget stop being such a Democrat
Take a Valium. We've had enough body-slamming today.
Great job Lindsey you got the libtards eating out of your palm, take ur husband rino McCain with u to the left you fraud, and ur donors
Maybe you can find the extra 2 trillion?
Good keep your comments to business unless you are going to Support Trump or tell McCain to button it!
Best thing about Mulvaney is he's no longer lying to our district!
One simple question to ask: WTF??
As a Navy Veteran living on Social Security Disability I also ask you WTF
Your time would be better spent grabbing a glass of sweet tea & taking a nap.  #Mulvaney will just lie about unrealistic growth predictions.
The cuts too much for you? How about thinking of the DAMN taxpayer for once and not the perpetual TAKERS!!
OMG did you hear 45's speech at NATO 9/11 & fall of Berlin Wall? What a national embarrassment. He's degrading our country at every turn.
Leaking. Drip drip drip
All softballs
Love the budget!
How are the poor to improve  if Pell grants are cut college dreams should  be for all
Will your line questions of include a back rub?
Johnny needs his backrub after the hearing.
Please, just be a Republican for once...you guys have all branches of gov. and still can't agree on anything, sad. You are Republican right?
I kinda liked graham during the election....wow, was I wrong. He probably had to ask obama and bill what direction to push things....
Keep your guard up. #Bodyslam
I hope you treat Dir Mulvaney with the open distain that he and this budget have for the majority of Americans!
Love the budget, able bodied, work, stop sucking hard working taxpayers dry.
Don't bother with Trump's budget, Lindsey. Start over, do it right. You could create the whole budget out of his 2T$ error
We're in this mess because of Obama so don't try and blame President Trump for everything. #Obamacare
I only "blame" Trump for Trump's  actions. This is Trump's budget. How did Obama come up?
Because Obama is the one that got us into this mess and Trump is just trying to balance the budget
I hope you ask some pointed questions.  This budget will be a disaster for everyone -especially republicans.
Be careful, senator. Mulvaney will suck out your soul and sell it to the highest bidder...and when I say "highest bidder" I mean the devil.
Only problem is this already has been accomplished with @LindseyGrahamSC.
I know, right?!  But, I had such high hopes. 
You should be charged as leaker. Conspiring.
@Lookupcolorado2 @LindseyGrahamSC  Lindsey Graham has many worse sins than leaking he should be charged with.
Is this guy Mick Mulvaney on something?  He always talks so squirrely and from position of #FallacyOfFalseAuthority
That budget is horrible.  Surely we can do better. Much better.
Watch out for the body slam.
Ask him how the same $2T can be used both for tax relief and budget reduction.
Must be using dimmacratic type accounting
That accounting balanced the budget in the 90s and reduced the deficit over the last 8 years during a 2 front war. So no, not that type.
The 90's were still reaping the rewards of the Reagan years of tax cuts and govt revenue growth.
No softball questions. Be sure to question his shady math (using same money twice).
So? You are just going to suck up and sell out the American people anyway.
Leaker.
Isn't anyone else watching this?? #BudgetCommitteeSD608
"Question" Mulvaney...more like it's imperative to drug test them both...immediately
Please do - it's a cruel budget for many Americans- pls don't let this pass!
Ask for his thoughts on The Prodigal Son,Beatitudes&Golden Rule, but do it 'compassionately',he may actually pay taxes unlike his boss, djt.
What's to ask? Smoke, mirrors taking everything from the average American and giving it to the 1%.  Welcome to the new Platinum America!
Thanks for drilling him, @LindseyGrahamSC
Good Thursday, Sen.Lindsey GRAHAM of South Carolina
Budget & law needs to change to reduce #SecretService protection for former prez to 4 years & only in US, not overseas.
Ask him why we are calling the tax cut plan Trumpcare!
That proposed budget is an absolute disaster with unrealistic growth projections

As well as flat out bullshit accounting

Don't let him bullshit you.
U @GOP are a reversed Robin Hood, who takes away from poor to give to rich. How Conservative Christian on your part
The only reason a lot of people will die, is, because they voted Republican
Trump a phobia is not pretty and it should be covered under all available insurance program
There are only 34% of you Trump humpers left! Why are you typing at me? Shouldn't you try to get those smart ones running away back?
Not a Trump humper or a Clinton the rapist  supporter but I get a lot of satisfaction watching snowflakes demonize the opposition..LOL..LMAO
tax cuts for the rich
