Man you guys know Obama isn't president anymore right? You don't have to bring him into EVERYTHING
The republicans do.  Several times a day in fact. He's probably responsible for hay fever 
Barry IS responsible for Hayfever-all the Global Warming BS
Who's barry
Barack Hussein Obama
Aka Barry Sotero
That's kinda weird dontcha think?
Where was Trump's congressional approval? They wouldn't have given it to Obama after Assad gassed 1400 of his own citizens in 2013!
I m so saddened that you praise Trump now. Have u forgotten who he is?
What individual, with more than two brain cells gives a shit what John McCain has a say?
I don't care what either one of them have to say and why the statement as twins..weird
Lol
I think that they went out of their way to get the biggest voices against trmp  The latest voices of so called calm and reason. I don't kno

This wasn't Trump, this was his Jewish Son in Law.  Still can't find #Aleppo_Codex missing pages and they are PISSED!
So who exactly is ticked-off?
Can you supply a link?
The cabal who constructed the state calling themselves Israel.  A link?  Hmmm, every news link about Israel's calling for Syria's annihilation. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqoKfnhTnDA …

I am aghast. How could you and Senator McCain possibly support this? Please. Help your country.
Gentlemen just because he sent 59 tomahawks does not change who he is. He still is & will be a liar and crazy old man. Do not forget Russia
what do you think about @realDonaldTrump telling Putin first & Putin warning Assad who removed equipment? Did congress know this?
You McCain & Graham should not be giving trump support for something him & putin put together and now you two are praising trump.  WAKE UP
WHY DIDN'T TRUMP LET BANNON DO "OPPOSITION RESEARCH" ON HIM?  THE ANSWER'S OBVIOUS. TRUMP'S BAD TO THE BONE; WORSE THAN ANY PREZ IN HISTORY.
LINDSEY, QUIT KISSING TRUMP'S & CRUZ'S TAILS..NO FUTURE IN EITHER OF'EM.  ONCE TRUMP IS FORCED TO RELEASE HIS TAX RETURNS, HE'LL BE TOAST!
Donald Trump has the instincts of Ronald Reagan really because he ordered a missile strike. You are a sellout. Shame on you

OH well @SenJohnMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC approve? Well now we all can sleep well tonight. The establishment RINOs approve.
Considering the president is currently the admin in power couldn't they now be considered "anti-establishment"?
Nope. You have to understand the power structure in Washington. Trump is still the outsider and the Establishment don't want him there.
LINDSEY, YOUR ALLEGIANCE IS TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS IN SC, NOT TO THE PUSSY GRABBER IN CHIEF.  GROW A PAIR OR RETIRE!
Coming frm politicians that R taking away health care, splitting up families, refusing refugees frm same atrocities safety. HYPOCRACY & BS
Start a War ONLY if you intend to send your Sons and Daughters First! I will not let you have Mine!
If Trumpf had taken real action other than symbolic action, he'd deserve support. An hour later, Syrian jets were back on the attack!
Disappointed in your support of military intervention against false flag event in Syria. Hillary gets her war w/ Russia one way or another.
well, well
I agree,hwvr, this shld have been done already after innocent civilians in Syria were being hit by chlorine gas!Hosp,schools&resid hit! 1/2
I'll take more than this for #Trump to earn my respect! It's NOT over yet!
This was a coordinated attack with #Putin to save face for his country again #TrumpRussiaCollusion
And the notification of Russia, but not the approval of Congress...you guys good with that?
Here we go again. The repubs are getting sucked into another war & we're now to rally round Trump
You are not qualified to have control of military power and must b stopped . Only Us funded ISIS had Sarin gas .
You make me ill. "Unlike the previous administration"?? You wouldn't let him take action!! #UnauthorizedSyrianWar #hypocrites
what? Who cares what these two democrats think?  They've proven their obnoxious attitudes enough.
Trump & Republicans #Sociopathic #Warmongers They don't care about those gassed children, #Treasonous Trump/Russia
60 strikes killed civilians, is act of war.  POTUS gave orders without a congressional declaration, required, #irresponsible to not report
Who cares what these 2 warmongering traitors think?
do they do everything together? #bromance
Wonder why we are so divided, you take something that should be unifying for our country and turn it into cheap political propaganda. SAD
You do realize our troops have been fighting the first 75 days of this administration. Our veterans are still fighting for earned benefits!
Instead of praising our Military why don't you fix CRDP for all as promised in 2004, Gold star widows benefits, SPB and DIC 4 families
STILL no one gives a SHiT what mccain and Graham have to say.
How do McCain/Graham know this was a tactical success? Putin probably warned Assad to move his planes/men off airfield.
So no congressional votes to approve this strike and we warned the RUSSIANS who at base....Even though RUSSIA is for Syria? Hmmmmm
They are so pathetic and transparent
WHAT CARES What these 2 dried up LOSERS think?!? Really?
They are still respected and both are former military.
Uh, no, they're not
Riddle me THIS:
WHY r McRino's Military Records SEALED?
WHY is McRino's Nickname "Songbird"
WHY 1/2
NO ONE IS LISTENING TO DUMB & DUMBER, right??
Cretins jonesin' on war.
Where was your outrage when Syrians were denied entry?  Didn't their deaths matter then?
Fuck them! Goddamn Graham and McCain, I hate them. Can't resist taking another cheap shot at Obama. They can eat shit.
The GOP is in the tank and they know it! Don't be distracted by these fools who have no souls! Disgraceful behavior!
No one in America cares what McCain OR Graham think.
More hypocrisy from two "hot air" no action republicans.
Why do McCain and Graham do everything together?
So done hearing about the "previous administration!" Just move on already!!
A five year old doesn't blame like you too. You said no to O and now you blame him for not acting. This is disgusting.
Same thing Clinton called for that Obama rejected. Clinton would have been a strong president if not sabatoged by putin puppetry Trump.
Dear Nations, 

We wish to live in peaceful accord; however, if you target the indefensible
WE WILL ANSWER FOR THEM.

#NoBull

- 

Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY, jobs, healthcare and all of our many problems. Forget Syria and make America great again!
Thanks, TweedleDumb and TweedleDumber...

Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY, jobs, healthcare and all of our many problems. Forget Syria and make America great again!
this kinda negates the Trump-is-a-Putin-puppet argument since Russia supports Assad.
Awe they did this together so sweet
FINALLY A POTUS WITH BALLS!@
McCain, Graham and Rubio, put out statements, knowing that this is not going to be good for Trump. They will be the first to turn on him
interesting to hear HRC supporters condemn this when she just said we should do it. Like, today.
It had to be done after Rex said Assad could stay, no prob. They had to do something. Mad OBAMA wanted to do this, Rs said no, then blamed
To all you Obama fans, he didn't take action as he was scared to do so politically. Military advisors told him we were capable, he said no!
And you know this how?  He did airstrikes and was told he needed congressional approval.  He asked and THEY IGNORED HIM! Get a CLUE!
The two warmongers who always want us to go to war.  Idiots.
About time. Obama said if they used chemical weapons he would go in They did & he did nothing  Was statement 2 world of his weakness to act.
And congress would not let him act either.
Where were you 2 asshats when REAL President Obama came to Congress in 2013 looking for support?
For YOUR SAKE, I hope to GOD he didn't just start another world war!!  You asses are so ready to go to war!! Eight years of safety and now 
Obama would never bomb his terrorist ISIS family; USA has sent a message to the world=Back Off.!!!!
How sad you want the US to look strong on the backs of murdered innocent men, women and children.
These two need to get married or something
To quote the great commander-in-chief who knew politics would be so much fun
... and that is how we went to war. Syria will response back.
Do @SenJohnMcCain & @LindseyGrahamSC check each other's behinds when they crap together?
Didn't seem to have a problem with not following the proper protocol and going to congress for permission.
..I support the fearless soldiers that serve this country proudly despite following orders from dickless wonders like urselves #GodBlessUSA
And here we go, let's applaud Trump, so his approval rating improve. Trump is still a disaster.
I agree, but Trump has a long way to go before earning our trust. Lock traitor Flynn up for starters.
"Unlike the previous administration".You HAD to take a shot at previous POTUS. Might want to check out HYPOCRITE @Marriam-@MerriamWebster
Absolutely, must follow through. #defeat ISIS
At such pivotal moment so close to nightfall @GOP can't help but say divisive things like: "unlike the previous administration".--smh
Good leaders lead, they don't have to keep referring to what other leaders did or didn't do!
This country is do f#ked up!
Do you remember when Obama blamed Bush for everything? He constantly said Bush was the cause of all that went wrong.
They can both kiss my arse. I will never support pumpkin.
Fuck them both. If they had given Obama a bill he would have signed it and sent in the troops
So, Hi Ho Hi Ho, it's off to war we go. @potus  has zero strategy, foresight, logic, understanding of history.  #syria
Disappointed in this high praise.Death & life lost-"you salute the skill.."corrupt criminal now heroe 4 bloodshed. SHAMeFUL!!!!!!!!!
.As a US citizen, I don't support this fraudulent president or this ball less statement u2 butt buddies just released that is 4yrs overdue..
So let me get this straight. When Onama wanted to take action, you refused. Now you are criticizing him? WTF kind of hypocrites are you?
Correction Obama
You can't just do something because it's right you have to throw Obama under the bus in the process politics as usual
Are McCain and Graham sleeping with each other? I have never seen men so enthralled with each other unless they are gay.
@hsanchez128 @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC  Y'all realize our current president slammed the previous administration for same?
Why do we constantly have to tear down the previous administration. Its over, your "team" won. Give it a freaking rest already.
He's Putin's puppet...he never deserves our respect! Remember these are the same people he banning from coming in!! WTF?!?
You understand Russia supports Syria don't know?
What Commander in Chief ru saluting? The 1who admired Assad and loves Putin or the guy who just flies off the handle and sends 50 missles?
They help set the POTUS up. Obama stared this crap .
Ok jagoff, how many times are you going to retweet tweets about your tweet that we unilaterally just started another war?
Oh joy 2 warmongers
The hypocrisy here is so telling!
decision by mike morell and obama for a civilians intel from west virginia is not fact based on paper. includes jordanian,benghazi yemen to
These two clowns now want to take credit for it.
We must now take on refugees, period!

No denying vetted refugees safe harbor.
Trump is just so wishy washy!
So now what will be the repercussions to the #US..we didn't get attacked...did #Congress ok this
Good grief! Do these two share the same brain??
Didn't Congress vote down military action under previous administration?! 
Not exactly. BO asked them for permission to half-ass it and they said no. Nothing would have stopped him from doing this
Even if not sanctioned by UN or direct threat to US?
Yes. Why not?
Because we have laws?
I don't know law forbids it, but I doubt anyone is going to arrest him for it.
Maybe not but original point was about the criticism of the previous administration.
I know. Congress said no then, but it's cool now, so they're hypocrites. And trump himself said blah blah. Still, BO COULD have done this.
Of course joint statement, they are joined at the hip
Putin goaded Trump into this.  It worked.... just watch...
And another war.......
Shit never ends
He didn't have congressional approval! Do laws rules ethics matter anymore 2 @gop!
Why wasn't he so moved by pictures of dead refugee kids from months ago?
Seriously! When his reaction was to ban them indefinitely from our Country! Welcome to the next con.
Incorrect my friend. SYRIA was called out separately for an indefinite ban.
Oh so bc first muslim ban didn't pass and he was forced to modify, we should forget that his initial reaction was to ban indefinitely?
You seem to be losing sight of what you are defending
Cause what those kids need is more bombing. Just a show to look better than Obama. Fail!!
NO CONSULTATION WITH ANYONE ... HE JUST DID IT.   

SOMEONE PLEASE REMOVE THIS IDIOT IMMEDIATELY!
The Bobsey Twins are salivating.
Killers...
Go back to bed !  Trump's got this !
Mattis has this, Trump couldn't find his ass with both hands.
who hired him butthead !
McCain and Graham both bloodthirsty, #genocidal maniacs.  You know DAMNED WELL that the U.S. is ISIS! God help you both!
We no need war
They are the purest of hypocrites!  Refused to authorize strikes before!  DISGUSTING!!!


Of course. He has one of these damn things for every situation.
