Are we reading the same bill?
You do realize this President is stealing this country Blind? HUD, TAX REFORM, EMOLUMENTS,CONFLICTS OF INTEREST.What are you doing about it?
This can't be true that the GOP has no plan. Just can't be true.  They lied and lied about how bad Obama's  plan is but no GOP plan.#DUPED!
Please read your bill. I have and it will not be better for my patients and fellow South Carolinians. #SaveTheACA
Where is that good old boy, Tim Scott. South Carolinians  voted against interest.   #chechthosevotingmachine!
So you think it's good for 22 million to lose health care while you give the rich a big tax break? Is TRUMPCARE as good as your Sen ins?
How can a bill which knocks 23 million off healthcare be better. Quit sabotaging the ACA!!!
Senator, tell that to the 22m who lose healthcare all together.
NO it isn't & you're smart enough to know better.
Justify the tax breaks to the rich. All other BS aside, make a legitimate argument that a tax break for the rich will help America?
You do realize "rich" means making >$75k? 47% of Americans dont pay taxes, so who exactly will get tax cuts? ANYONE who actually PAYS TAXES
You can break the bank on a real estate deal walk away unharmed and use the millions of dollars as a write off....for years!  Go figure.
Better for who?
#MedicareForAll

It is only better for the rich, at the expense of the poor and elderly. SHAME ON YOU.btw, BCRA is a defective gene that causes breast cancer

WATCH: MSNBC cuts Lindsey Graham's audio after referring to the Clinton campaign meeting with Russians. 
@LindseyGrahamSC how about skipping the middle and just FIX the ACA, this bill is horrible for all of America including us in SC who VOTE!!
Doe the GOP House of Representatives have any plans to report truth to American people about ACA, Russia, and the wall?
Lindsey, why lie, and lie? You guys ,GOP, can't govern. You can't put together a plan because GOP don't understand ACA,OR any other policy.
#LindseyGrahamSC new bill offer BIG risk of losing pre-ex cond coverage & req one full coverage policy then cheapo packages, vote NO
Please work together to fix Obamacare. Don't throw out the baby with the bath water.  #fixobamacare ##
PLEASE don't support current demand improvement Healthcare Law change.  Current Healthcare bill is bad.  Better yet make it bipartisan bill
Better...how? Elaborate Senator!
We need to repeal Obamacare! Enough of republicans trying to fix it indirectly

Whats the hold , you have had 7 years. You never had a bill till now and I hope when you come up for re- election, you are replaced!!
The bill stinks. Kicking 24 mill off is not better. But I do agree with Graham on a couple things. Graham and McCain need to step up for us
That, my friend is the dumbest thing I've ever hears. Repeal do NOT replace #Obamacare Get big government out of our business.
Dude, just read this article about something called universal healthcare. It's awesome. Everyone gets healthcare.  Check it!
Convoluted thinking again!
Lindsey, Lindsey, every US President has a great speech and receive great applause  from the Polish People.
Graham says "I just want to kill millions why is this so hard 4 Americans 2 understand?"
Yes, give us healthcare that works.  We'll all be more productive...
Lindsey, buddy. I love when U talk like a sane man. U know it's a bad bill. Don't wait for failure. Now, stop #Trumpito's colluding w/Putin.
@SenMajLdr Improve ACA (Obamacare)!Repealing & replacing is a waste of energy & time. America needs good healthcare for all. #ACA #Trumpcare
Pretty big waste of taxpayer money too I would imagine.
Now THIS is the dumbest thing YOU'VE said 
 #SaveACA work to IMPROVE #ACA
How incredibly stupid and evil can you be? Love Charleston but won't leave a dime there with you as Senator. Evil.
I guess let's look at repair and reform are our safest and best way forward.
#CompleteRepeal
Here's a concept Senator. Help it fail then start working across the aisle for once. It's what we pay you to do.
You are so right I wish every body stop gripping especially Democrats and start working together! We know what to do with the GOP!
When are we going to Stop and go after the Insurance companies Drs Hospitals & Pharmaceutical with high prices that are the problem
Affordable Care Act= mandates government to pay us back the extreme overcharge from Insurance Drs etc that we had to pay upfront
Per Ins Co CEOs the GOP has been sabotaging the ACA causing premiums to rise & insurance companies to leave
You "THINK"? That doesn't sound like a strong endorsement.  This is only one of the most important bills to cross your desk, take some time!
These are all the people the Senate health care bill will hurt
 
The Obamacare Exchanges Are a Mess and It’s Not Really Obama’s Fault
 https://www.google.ca/amp/amp.timeinc.net/fortune/2016/10/04/obamacare-exchanges/%3Fsource%3Ddam …
If the ACA fails,that will be thanks to the GOP
Republicans Quietly Sabotaged ACA Long Before DT Came into Office
 
The American people WANT the government to work together in a bipartisan fashion!!!
Dear Senator Graham,
Please shore up the ACA. It has gaps, if the wh (current ACA admin) undercuts it fails, fill gaps, call it #grahamCare
It is a tax cut not a health plan. How is my premiums rising to more than I make a health plan?
You do know if you work with the Dems, it will break the piggy bank. Less money for your sacred defense.
Bipartisan? What is that?
These aren't even rhinos they are against Trump whatever he does it's time to get these guys out of office and quick
Trump wipe the floor with mr. 1% and he's never got over it Mr 1% and Johnny Boy won't be happy till they start a World War
Senator, you are spot on about Russia but how can you turn your back on citizens' healthcare? GOP bill guts coverage. Join Dems #FixACA
You think it's better? How? Why?
The bill is awful and you know it. We want women on the committee and we want universal coverage.
In what disturbed world is this bill better?  22 mill fewer insured, tax break for top 4%, 12% of public like it, rates go up, coverage down
It's still just a big tax cut for the wealthy and lets insurance co sell sham policies that don't cover anything.  You are better than this.
Why not work in a bipartisan fashion in the first place and skip the "fail" part???
It better fail! It is NOT better than Obamacare. In what way would the new bill benefit us who are not wealthy?
@LindseyGrahamSC PLEASE , I beg you to stand up for SC children who would be devastated by this bill. Please do the right thing!!!!!!
So no more let it collapse and make the democrats fix it type thing?  Check out the newfound #compassionateconservative #eyeroll
Only thing funnier then trump kissing russian butt is Lindsey embraceing TrumpCare Shite bill and saying its a good bill. Its a tax cut !
Traitor and you know it's bullshit
It's time to work together to pass a health care plan for all Americans. Think people not party! It's time!
You got it!  Elect the independents!
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC Could you work on #ImpeachTrump? He is everything we're NOT.

name one way this bill helps people more than Obama care
You are an ignoramus if you really believe this or are just repeating @GOP talking points!
This republicans healthcare bill is crap Mr Graham will you pay for those kicked off healthcare that's 23 Million
Quarter of population will lose insurance. Medicare and a Medicaid cuts will harm women & children. 
#Trumpcare proves we need insurance comps out completely & more control over usurous med & #BigPharma costs. All disastrous 4 'we the pple'
#25thAmendmentNow
Because that was your party's approach to the ACA, was it not, Senator? When is your party ever tried to fix it? Never! Repeal only! Sad!
You have ZERO credibility! It is NOT better than ACA!
@LindseyGrahamSC party over the country, party over your constituents... 8 days a week.
Graham has his finger to the wind , and changes by the hour.
@LindsetGrahamSC s a Republican Party shill & obstructionist. He doesn't care about America or the people who elected him. Fix  the ACA.
No it's not...Come on Graham UR giving McConnell rhetoric. #TrumpCare kills off 22 million Americans for 1%
It's worse than the ACA and we'll be happy to fix it after you release your hostages.
No, it's terrible. And we need single payer! Simplify and reduce bureaucracy.
You think health insurance is bad wait till you get the Single Payer it'll be like not having it
This bill is a disaster waiting to happen for our healthcare system if it passes.
you guys do realize you have no mandate, stop doing shit without any input from democrats! its enough already!
Senator I expect reps to reach across the aisle for solutions. #failingexpectations  @SenatorTimScott @RepJoeWilson @LindseyGrahamSC
Please stop lying
Bipartisanship- wow, what a concept!
The bill is @Trumpcare let's not forget. If it fails, it is fail for the GOP
It's sad that the wealthy tax cut bill has to fail in order to work in bipartisan fashion
Better for who?
ObamaCare Confiscated the Middle Class' Labor & Pay.  It was thievery.  The Largest TAX on the Middle Class.  We cannot repeat that!
How exactly is it better?
B.s.
If you think your bill is better this tells me you haven't read it !
Read the bill and fix it!
Very disappointed
Knock it off no one is doing a dam thing to protect American from this foreign invasion healthcare my ass your all complicit and need to go
GOP politics gets in the way of us having affordable healthcare.  Make improvement to ACA & quit using it as a cover for tax cuts for rich
Keep repeating Democrat rhetoric  like little sheep, you blindly follow
Or we know what's in the bill. Some of us can think for ourselves. Try it sometime
Obviously not considering the ACTUAL BILL disputes your ridiculous rhetoric
Any bill is better than one you are doing everything in your power to destroy
The only bill Dems will support is ones giving them FREE HEALTH INSURANCE. ACA is a FAILURE & needs FULL REPEAL NO REPLACE
No it isn't but we all know what you are.
Medical care should be an individual responsibility
Good luck with that. You've just sentenced innumerable people to death. How compassionate.
Simultaneously, from Mnuchin "we're going to pass a tax reform bill this week - uh, this year"
#BCRA = #TaxBreak for 1% = #deathcare
#ACA
How does the bill stop paying a child's healthcare bills? Do tell
I would if I thought your brainwashed mind could handle it.
he is an idiot too
And what are YOU doing about it?
Graham is so full of shit!
WHO is your healthcare bill better for? Certainly not sock people. Or older people. Or those w/modest income
Don't talk about Obamacare on your birthday. I don't want to say awful things to you
Wealthy individuals are taxed to help this nations poorest & to stabilize healthcare markets. They want the money, it's soulless greed.
That's not true & only Dem rhetoric. Tax cuts are for anyone making >$75k/y bc those were ones who paid most under ACA
Have you even looked at the bill?
As long as insurance companies are in the mix premiums will always skyrocket.Republicans want to pick winners and losers the sick will lose
GOOD SUNDAY,Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, Armed Services Comm.  on Meet the Press
WATCHING NOW, MEET the PRESS
explain how taking away hc from 20+m ppl is a good thing. Good Lord LG, stop. you are like a drowning man holding on2 a deflated life raft.
You said," Obamacare has failed." Yes, because the #GOP sabotaged it to make sure it failed, but Trumpcare is a weak, anemic insurance plan.
Please, do tell how GOP sabotaged ACA.
By lying to their Repub constituents, for one thing. Telling them it would not be affordable. I signed up & my premiums only cost $24/mo.
The ongoing promise to repeal and replace Obamacare is what spooked the insurance companies to pull out of it.
Negative. They pulled out bc of financial risk & costs of insuring so many high risk ppl
From any Senator, any bill would be better than Obamacare. For once act like a Senator and quit carrying water for Schumer!
Or do that now. I know bipartisanship is a crazy idea. But people try crazy things all the time.
Good to hear, "bipartisan."
If you in DC do not work for the voters, we will vote all of you out. You were voted in to work for us.
No, @LindseyGrahamSC . That's no true.
he's being disingenous
It's sad you're only willing to go bipartisan when you fail. You've turned your back on SC in favor of party.
Lindsey Graham was the best they could do this Sunday?
How is that Graham .No D were allowed to work on the bill. So that is one more lie
The lie is that no Dems were allowed to work on the bill. That's BS. They're too busy yelling RESIST to help solve their own FAILURE
Keep drinking the koolaid troll
“Together” being the operative word.  Remember this @GOP.  TOGETHER.
How despicable to see @LindseyGrahamSC bad mouthing our president! Sad!
What's new? He's no up for reelection until 2021 so feels there's no consequences to his betrayal
He's a sore loser
Good deal, its about time. dont listen to Trump. Be a leader, lead us out of this BS
You mean the BS that Dems created? The DESTRUCTION? FAILURE?  so laughable
It's not.  Lindsey is LYING to the idiots who will buy into his words.  AMERICA, do NOT listen, HE'S LYING TO YOUR FACES!
wut???
