Lindsey Graham: Let Obamacare collapse http://politi.co/2mZhAY8 
what do you think Obama was asking the GOP for and you did nothing but obstruct!! #fixACA
People are impcted by the political nonsense in DC.  There should be no option to fail, be like NASA.
Oh NOWW you want to work with Dems on #Trumpcare. That's a switch.
Perhaps I missed it.  Have you invited Democrats to participate in a consensus bill to improve upon Obamacare?  Or just take it or leave it?
yes, because no Americans would suffer as GOP pushes ACA to "collapse". Admit failure & move on.
Just as much risk for GOP in letting #Obamacare fall apart. Dems will say GOP too focused on repeal, should have fixed it.
ACA needs fixing. It was a baby bill, & has flaws that need attention this 'us against them' hurts citizens
It was a stopgap program because the GOP would have fought anything more effective. And GOP-forced compromises made more problems.
I wanted to believe you to be a voice of reason in a swirl of unreasonable people. But you're not different after all.
No more taxpayer's freebie coverage for all of you. Pay for your own...
100% agree
.@LindseyGrahamSC  At least fewer would die if Ocare continued. Never saw a party intentionally hurt Americans before this GOP congress.
Yes, please blame the Dems for failing to get your shit together. How many YEARS have you had to come up with a plan?
I suspect the reason why they rushed out with "wet paint" was because they know the Trump won't last long
Doing nothing is about the smartest thing you have tweeted in a long time.
I agree with Sen Graham to let Obacmacare fall apart and let the f**k*n' Democrats who rammed it into the people's throat pickup the pieces.
so in other words, let them all die instead of doing the responsible thing? You should be in the US Senate.
Also when the #Trumpcare bill fails quit the negative full court press of #Obamacare and let the market have a chance to work
But in the MEANtime, that's mean to people who will be in limbo regarding health care. You really want to do that?
not falling apart on its own.  GOP withheld funding and causing uncertainty in insurance market.  Blame is on YOU!
I would not have,said that if I were you. Spoken like  a true politician
why do you want to be dramatic.all what we need is a cap on the cost of insurance in accordance to the health provider cost
so R's should just wait around for things to fail, then ask D's for help to fix things. Sounds about right.
- You think it's not about Healthcare, it's about who gets credit or blame.  JUST DO SOMETHING!
...after you did everything in your power to make it fail?? COWARD
CBO shows Obamacare (otherwise known as the ACA) is not falling apart. Use facts, sir, not #alternatefacts
sure but it won't fail as bad as the Rep congress and senate.
I can understand the concept, but the GOP controls Congress and the WH. Governing is your job until the next election
Another way to make folks suffer? You should be honest about why insur. comps. are pulling out, to facilitate big mergers!
so let me get this straight: rather than working in a bipartisan fashion, you'd prefer to take your toys and go home?
just looking after yourself
Go ahead. Do it. But POTUS might get mad at you and force you to resign without dinner.
Great plan.  Let people die to make a political point.  #compassion
while the American people suffer through political gamesmanship on both sides nice
if u do that we r headed 4 a 1 payor universal socialist system
hmph, seems like a helluva idea. My kids have more responsibility...
Almost liked you. Improve ACA/Obamacare, instead of rebel yell sell 24 mill down republicarp river.
you need to go, how unethical merely showing that this Republican Administration is up to NO GOOD. Shame on you.
@politico How is THAT a solution? Y'all need to get a grip & a backbone & some creativity!
So it's a chess game you're playing w/ people's lives now. My fellow Republican, you wanted this circus, it's your monkey.
GOP had 7 years and your best plan is let Obamacare fail!  Americans lose again!
I'm sorry Senator, but you guys said you could do better.  We won't blame the Dems.  You own this now.
I'm sure you can understand why dems don't trust you repubs. If you all ask nicely, I'll let my reps help you fix it.
if you publicly ask politely. Sick of your politicking.
here's the fix: as much as I like my bl cross, we mid-aged folks are expensive. Lower Medicare age to 50.
also, Jesus healed the sick for free. HC shouldn't be a $windfall for anyone. Limit profits, esp. CEO pay.
also who says Obamacare implodes? But if it did, wanting us to be work together wouldn't be the worst thing.
as long as it doesn't involve that nonsensical bill @SpeakerRyan introduced to the House
.@LindseyGrahamSC Shame on you. Why would you mess with millions of lives by collapsing  #obamacare. Make it better. People before politics.
do you stand by this given the CBO report that the #ACA is actually stable? #savetheaca #notrumpcare
Millions of people's lives were improved by the ACA.  Are you just going to let them die?  That's horrible.
your party did not want any help in creating Trumpcare so it will be on you and all the republicans. Tweek ACA that is
what the American people want do your job Senator which is to do what the American people want
First off: Heartless. Secondly: GOP has Congress and WH, and owns the outcome. Inaction conveys you can't actually govern.
Sounds better than Trumpcare.
, you and your entire party are abhorrent! Fix the ACA and help the citizens, not watch it collapse!
hurting Americans for political gain is not a way to govern. Man up.#SavetheACA
And of course you would help that along by not making any improvements, right? Like the last 8 years. Politics, not people.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Nice. Just let people die. GOP had 7 years to "coalesce" on an alternative. Another GOP Profile in Courage.
Keep ACA, and if Republicans can't do their job to fix it leave it to the Democrats once they control Congress again
that's an awful long time to wait.... ;)
If ACA is failing it's because of what the GOP has done to it Shame on all of you for doing this to your constituents
I'm going to take this as you secretly supporting the ACA and knowing we should keep it
@politico If GOP worked w/Dems to fix it they would assure their seats next election cycle. If not we vote them out!!
Response is not responsible. Hurts Americans on ACA. GOP & Dems need to work together to fix ACA problems not start over!
@politico right, because it really is all just a big blame game. Grow up!
Really, guess political advantage trumps taking care of people. All respect now gone for you.
Really? Hurt millions of Americans to score a political point?
I just read you said "Let it collapse," and reap the electoral benefits. Nice. Good thing it's not collapsing.
Guess what your party is in charge so everything now falls on the Republicans
I would like to see the dems fix it. I think they can do a better job than what the Rep. have proposed.
Get out of the Political Swamp Elite and stand with our @POTUS
.@LindseyGrahamSC What are you talking about? Dems would gladly help fix Obamacare. Country before ego.
That's cold.
You are playing both sides, you do not care about your constituents, nor do you need your job. Trump will destroy the USA.
—how dare you. I need my ACA mktplc cvg & the care I rcv to stay alive. Had #T1D since age 9. Your (in)action has human cost
you need to show America that you care about us. Change sides. You're a better man than that.
Thats actually the first smart thing you've said in a long long time.
Real creativity is hard!
WRONG attitude Senator.We DO NOT support GOP plan to KILL women,children,minorities,disabled& the elderly. This is WRONG.
Healthcare should be like other public services, infrastructure, education, public utilities, allow buy in to Medicaid/CHIP
lives are at stake, don't play political games with this.
Stop deceiving and scare mongering the public. ACA can & needs to be fixed. Use tRump's bullying to negotiate better deals.
I would start by enabling the FTC to crack down on unfair trade practices. You should talk to @SenBobCasey.
Nice & what about all the people in SC & USA impacted by @GOP intentional neglect. If u were a MD i'd sue for malpractice!
This is unacceptable and reckless. We are talking about LIVES!!!
What an ignorant comment to make Senator. We DO NOT support GOP plan w tax breaks  4 millionaires at expense of healthcare.
So, this theory requires that you leave the Affordable Care Act intact, including the mandate. Otherwise, it is Grahamcare.
good plan because ACA will hold its own.
Be a leader and start now.  This is only a polital issue because it happens in DC.
Well, that's a really nice way to take care of the American people. Sabotage what we have, then pretend it wasn't you.
wonderful idea.  Screw your constituents to make a political point.  Now you're thinking.
You all need to stop fighting. Looks like @HouseDemocrats R willing 2 work w/GOP but @SpeakerRyan won't budge on anything!
and the people will suffer while you all play games!! Nice!!! Way to be a leader!
Senator, I assume there are zero people in your state who need access to healthcare.
why can't obamacare be revised? Can you tweak what isn't working?
Senator Graham, did you listen to what you just said?
That is one of the coldest things I've ever heard.
Senator, you do realize actual people's lives are at stake.
if you jerks didn't torpedo the ACA, it would be fine. #2018byeGOP
this would not address the GOP splintering on the issue Lindsey; why not include Dems now, in order to fix ACA?
and I guess the American people are collateral damage?
Where is your plan?
The age tax kills medicare I paid into but the GOP wants to give my money to the rich GOP donors
You put a age tax in there I now will pay 8000.00 a month but as long as I am paying your health care
we finally agree on something.  Stop being such a negative on Trump.  Leave that to traitor McCain
Also I am so disappointed in you, now you are talking of throwing us under the bus! You are better than this.
Dems already did their jobs. They weren't included in Trumpcare. Proposed law would have repercussions beyond health. Stop screwing around.
More care about rich donors that any of us
You're aware that there are real people who will be affected by your desire to punish the dems.   How bout this....FIX IT!
Why would you want people to suffer more, because you republicans sabotaged the care by not supporting it & worked to hurt.
Then push a new bill ALL Rs can unite around, one that will require 60 votes, let Ds filibuster and own ObamaCare failure
#amfeeling
Shameful partisan politics that you should be above, sir.
seriously? You demonstrate you put party over country. I used to support you but you don't deserve to serve us.
we always pick up the pieces of the GOP messes. We wish you would stop making them.
That's an immature and disgraceful solution Senator.
Wow, thought you were a bigger person than that!  This is #Trump politics.  You work for the people, not the GOP.
So punish the vulnerable to win a petty fight? I expect this type of behavior from DT, please do your job!?!
@politico Now Now Mr Graham go ahead and lead.  Spruce it up and call it yours.  Huge gains to be had.  Blame politics NG
and hurt the public?   bad advice & we  know who to blame.  Dems built imperfect #ACA if #Ryancare fails it's on #gop
c'mon Lindsey, you've show glimmers of being better than this.  Follow thru. Country and citizens before party!
Wouldn't it be nice if both sides came together to create a solution. Wow, what a concept ...leadership. Please do it!
Your agenda Huge Republican fail. Your ideas are kicking people off healthcare so you can build more bombs, not popular.
GOP House, Senate and President can't agree on something they promised for 6 rrs. Can you spell incompetence? Dysfunction?
I don't think the president should take advice from you. Start supporting POTUS
ACA has been GOP legacy since you obstructed its success. Get over yourselves and work with Dems to fix ACA!
You're selling the broken car to buy a new broken car and complaining until someone else fixes it.
Americans want the same insurance you have Senator.  Single payer Open market healthcare doesnt work Access is not coverage
what have you or th GOP done for anyone? Repealing others accomplishments do not count! #resign
Ever occur to you Yahoo's to, ya know, maybe...
 FIX THE DAMNED THING
How old are you? This isn't a high school feud. People's lives are at risk. Do your job.
Why would you hold up the AG deputy at this time, stop the manipulation!
The Michigan Governor  is right, there has to be buy in from BOTH sides for a lasting fix. This can't be partisan.
come out of the closet already! It's ok that you're gay!
U R 1 of the few of GOP who can put country before party why not push GOP &  Dems to work together  to improve ACA. All win
you are better than that
or just work together to fix it.
Also, if any of us did that in our jobs, we would be fired immediately. When is gov't going to choose the American people?
as an RN, I find this abhorrent. You have an ethical duty and you know this line of action will kill people. Repulsive.
still a better plan than AHCA
That's politics, but what is best for Americans? We need you to work together not obstruct. This is our healthcare!
Advice from you, a RINO? A do nothing critic? Now THAT is a joke 
At the peril of the people? Remind people that DJT designed an EO allowing companies to pull from the ACA; priming failure.
You're proud of that? If ACA is in such bad shape, let Americans lose their care or get "crushed" under ACA?
disappointing. I'm liberal but have a lot of respect 4 your patriotism Your healthcare stance doesn't reflect Patriotism.
@SpeakerRyan If U and PR don't pass totally high discounted and choice care, the minority will vote you out. Get smart.
why wouldn't we fix it?  Why does everything have to be politics?  Shame on you.
you lost me Don't put politics over people. Every human deserves a doctor w/o threat bankruptcy  esp poor, elderly & sick!
is that what you were elected to do?  Stand by and let people suffer to win a point against Dems?  You are pathetic
how many bills did Repubs introduce during Obama era to repeal and replace? Now R's control govt and can't perform? #lame
the goal is to let people die? This is abhorrent.  Dems would at least try to save, not just worry about own wealth
You jerks spent seven years sabotaging the ACA. Now want to blame Ds because you can't even agree amongst yourselves? Sad!
That just might be the best solution.
i would let obama care blow up, so no1 could deny how crooked the entire aca was forcing the dems to work with republicans
.@LindseyGrahamSC Spoken like a man who's had excellent healthcare for a very, very long time.
Unconscionable. Both sides need to work together. Geez- you're like children that need guidance. These are people's lives!
& @GOP This ALL or NOTHING mindset is not a game to play with #AmericanHealthCareAct w/ consequences to affect REAL PEOPLE
don't you want good healthcare for Americans? Looking for a partisan win is so distasteful with people's health at stake.
now that is disappointing, coming from you. How about fixing the ACA?
What? For real?
If it fails it will be as a result of 7 years of not working together. The failure will be on Congress. Fix it don't replace it.
You break it, you buy it.
I'll tell you this, trump is already making changes to ACA. GOP owns ACA now, cannot blame anyone but yourself.
TRUTH!!! Trump & GOP now own healthcare #ACA.
You guys can repair the ACA. Don't just shit on Americans.
.@LindseyGrahamSC nothing has changed in eight years, republicans still willing to put politics above country, obstructing anything helpful.
Politics before health, wellbeing and welfare of Americans. Party before country.
That would be unbecoming of a Senator.
screw the majority of Americans, as long as their healthcare is no longer named after that popular black president, right?
and by the way the american people didn't vote for a 400million tax break for insurance CEOs. Your bill sucks
@All100Senators It would not have fallen apart if you wouldn't have undermined the #ACA. Do you care about people? NO?
it's not collapsing so yes by all means leave it the fuck alone
But you can't play politics when people's lives are at stake. You're one of the few who is likely to understand this.
stop playing games with your constituents lives! Grow up be a man do the right thing protect us!
great game plan. You've now stated your position clearly twice: Americans suffer/die for R's to make a point. Way to lead.
you have a majority in the government, if trump cant pass this he looks like a looser! And your party does too..just saying
And how many people will die while y'all "pick up the pieces"? Not you guys on the cushy gov healthcare plans.
the gop never wanted to help people get healthcare and now you are stuck in the divisions of your party.
Try to help Americans and not just play politics. People's lives are at stake. Do you want blood on your hands?
This is a great way to show leadership!!!
Maybe next time the bill shouldn't be written in secret.
that sure sounds like putting politics ahead of country.
what happened to trumps promise to give healthcare to everyone and his master negotiation skills?
hasn't this been the gop strategy for the past 8 years. Obstruct and now its "be lazy cause we cant get our $h!t together"
but it won't.  Oh, riiight..you know that...I see where ur going. 
@TheDemocrats @GOP the entire GOP is unethical and does not have least bit concern for middle and lower class.
the Dems wanted to work with GOP but party is obsessed with repeal & replace. GOP will own this debacle
A Profile in cowardice.  Very disappointing.
But, sir, Dems are not in control. Are you saying Rs would then be forced to compromise? Why not do so now?
or you could do the responsible thing and make meaningful, incremental improvements to #ACA. I am a #Clemson constituent
Hope you are pressing Dems in Congress to work w Pres Trump & GOP.  Right now, they're protecting system which will collapse.
for sure! But GOP #ACA hyperbole isn't true. Premiums up before ACA. ACA didn't fix that but access+P.E.C.+no cap saved lives.
Do I have this right? If the GOP can't get their act together, you'll make the American people suffer for political gain.
ALL Americans r used as a pawn. If you don't agree- let Americans potentially suffer? FIX ACA! Do the right thing!
Moronic idea...
