People committing felonies but Comey can't find intent...sounds familiar...Comey is either dirty or blackmailed...they broke the law
The way Comey is using "Intent" to let them off is pathetic 
Unlawful and he should be removed asap
It's not unlawful. Listen to a lawyer explain: If you really care to understand the legal difference.
People committing felonies, don't need intent...people in the Military get a year for a single picture...it unlawful to let them off
Listen to the podcast. A lawyer explains it, & yes, you do need to show intent for some cases.
You don't show intent when you sign papers on national security which Hillary & Huma did just like the military...they committed felonies
No they didn't. I listened to a lawyer explain the law. Have you, or are you just relying on feelings over facts?
I agree someone does need to be prosecuted probably many rather than 1 Comey should either step down or be removed!
I think he started out for good but the power went to his head and became self serving rather than a servant of the law and constitution
#Comey got corrupted. He won't charge 1 person. He should be forced to resign.
My fear on the whole ordeal as well. Shameful behavior that these investigations are merely vocal there is no real justice for the"powerful"
#Comey is an "actor". His persona in congress hearings is not even who he is. He's a fake-a$$ lying, phoney. They all are.
So the contradictions start.  Sounds like she leaked classified info to me....   How many ways are they going to twist this?
Russian trolls are out
Sure everyone you disagree with is a Russian troll. Have a good afternoon Comrade 
Oh and your fake ass account is hilarious LOL hows the view from Moscow?

Are you going to mention that he also said there was NO wiretapping of Trump Tower?
Of course not.. That would be like them telling the truth and their low info viewers can't handle the truth.
Foxs bright bunch
Yup!
And what link is that?  Pls provide 1 that hasn't been debunked.
This is a nice summary of just a few:
#owned
And yet nothing will happen, these assholes are above the law, shouldn't be, but are.
Huma sent THOUSANDS of emails 2 Weiner & Hillary allowed it. HOW is it NO ONE IS IN JAIL! Our justice system is screwed up BAD.No trust here
After every Senate earring nobody going to jail stop spending taxpayer money on BS hearing
Lindsey tell me where u stand on sexual harrement in military, I am not in favor of women in any combate role or serving on board any ship
I just want to smack comey!!
Me too. Right in a jail cell.
And is he being charged ????????????

#MAGA #News from @HAGOODMANAUTHOR | Will @jeffsessions indict #Clinton under the #EspionageAct 

…
Why did #trump keep this #buffoon?
"I will give you some top secret information for a handy "--Anthony Weiner aka Carlos Danger (D-NY) #TopSecretEmails #WeinersWeiner
How can he have access to classified information when can't even keep his pants zipped up.
& if wiener were a govt official in 2016 & received it, he would be derelict for not reporting it.
To causal are Comey answers. almost rehersed
Senator LINDSEY GRAHAM Made A HORRIBLE COMMENT On A OPEN MIC! He Said Quote "THEY TAKE THIS FREE PRESS THING TOO FAR"!
Possible TRAITOR!
None of this matters because it is a waste of tax payers $. Nothing will be done, it is all smoke. Clintons and Weiner's will go free
Thanks to Huma Who transferred them onto his computer. Why did she do that?
Can you state w. certainty that Huma transferred classified info to Weiner's laptop? Bet you cannot.
But, a skilled hacker could do that.
You have go to be kidding. Oh, I forgot, Russians are everywhere. 
Almost feel sorry f r Comey. His life might have been a lot different if he didn't sell out to the Clintons.
Ah ya. Hello Dems what's ur answer to that.
LOCK THEM UP
Wow no Kidding thanks for clearing it up for me Dir Comey
Weiner is such a creep!
Olbermann: There is good reason to believe a VA Grand Jury is now hearing evidence in The Trump/Russia & RICO Case
DirtyDon's access to classified materials is the issue that the Congress &press won't touch. What a travesty! #trumprussia
Great job Mr Graham!
The dam is going to break Comey and you are going to get washed out.
I guarantee you Weiner's days are numbered. If he hadn't been a serial pedophile FBI wouldn't be investigating him, and......
If you make a law on Weiner, better apply it to Flynn and the Trump cabal--foreign agents having access to classified material.  OUTRAGEOUS
@POTUS #FireComey
Sooo...private citizen was knowingly sent classified info BACK THEN and FBI did nothing?
Got it.
Yes, a crime was probably committed by Weiner and his wife.
If yes, why are they not in jail? Either those emails were planted on Weiner's laptop, or the FBI is not doing its job. 
@Sdonna361W
@KathyPica1
Comey should Resign as there is no Excuse or Cure  for Stupidity 
I dk why the hell he's still in that position! He's right up their asses! 
Hard to believe I am w/Graham on this argument.
Thats neither here nor there
Trump doesn't care about the millions of poor Americans who won't be covered under his new care bill. All he cares about is Defence and Wall
Coney needs to go!
What happened to "all politicians should be concerned about foreign interference in our elections"?
And nothing will be done about it
"but there was no intent" ... anyone without clinton connections would've been prosecuted long ago. Look what they want to do with Flynn
So I'm curious ? U promised to get to the bottom of the Russians hack and relationship to trump ...what changed your mind ? Trump ? $$ ? Hmm
I see NO humor in any of this Shit ! WE want Justice ! Lawless Government Lawless people , Stops 2017 !  Court is in SESSIONS  #MAGA
Lie to federal government , go to jail , Congress lies to us called Politics - WE are done with it ! WE want accountability NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!
BUT it's OK for Jeff Sessions to LIE TWICE under OATH to CONGRESS & US and still have a job and not B charged w/ a crime? HYPOCRISY 101
Lindsey, U R a GREAT & YUGE FliP-FLoP HYPOCRITE!! QUIT PLaYiN" Partisanship b.s. & DO UR JOB!! WHY haven't FLYNN or Sessions been arrested?
What is really appalling is that #dirty Don has access to classified info. He's probably sharing it with Putin. #gopjokers
Did they listen? No
By Comey's Logic For Clinton Speak or Conceal ->Speak -- For Trump Speak orConceal -> Conceal  -> Sounds like Jay Hoover
What's going to be done about it? Nothing?
Why are her emails an issue in this hearing! None of her emails were released. Podesta's released! This is about Russian interference!!!
@POTUS Are we getting bombarded with these OLD Comey stories so WE WONT ASK ABOUT THE SCREWING WERE GETTING WITH OBAMACARE LIGHT!
Think So!
What is Comey so afraid of. Something smells from high Heaven.
@FoxNews GOOD JOB! YOU MADE @JamesComeyFBI LOOK LIKE REAL PIECE OSHIT! HE STUMBLED ALOT PROBABLY HAD WIRE IN AND GIVEN ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS
It could be,maybe,So he has no clearance and someone is sharing classified intel with him, well I guess that means all of us can see it
@JamesComeyFBI  It COULD BE A CRIME. YOU NEED TO ROT IN PRISON &BE RETAUGHT LAWS OF OURNATION. ACTUALLY YOU NEED TO STEP DOWN. ZERORESPECT4U
ABSOLUTELY SOMEONE SHOULD BE PROSECUTED ...YOU ALREADY KNEW THAT. IT SHOWS IN YOUR FACE. YOU SHOULD STAY SAD
Comey  has no business leading the FBI, period.
@JamesComeyFBI WHERE DOES YOUR HELP COME FROM
Good job Lindsey Graham
Was it just that he used wife computer or he have his own access?  Werner is sick man!
You Mr Graham should grow a back bone with your GOP counterparts @GOP and hold our Corrupt Presidents feet to the fire.  @GOP 18 replace all
@JamesComeyFBI It was illegal for him to have access to classified info. Somebody committed a felony & Comey seems to be covering it up?
The understatement if the year
@grandmaj2 @LindseyGrahamSC   many of the players here shld be in prison.
AND WHY ISN'T HE IN JAIL AGAIN?
FBI James Comey should resign he can not find a crime if it bit him on the Ass an he used both hands #arrestweiner
Comey says couldn't prove intent? Setting up the server itself was intent! To hide Intel from govt. , He's corrupt
Comey made $6 million through Clinton foundation ,his brother works for Clinton foundation. He's bad news ,snake !
Why are we going here instead of Russia?! 
I thought you were better than this. You once wanted to know the truth, now you are trying to hide it. #trumprussia
#Comey #ComeyHearing #comeysworld #ComeyTestimony
Possession is a crime
So what is being done about it? Would love to know what investigations are going on in our FBI & DOJ!
DUH? Why wasn't he or the ladies arrested for treason for having and sending classified material from&to non classifed government computers
Yes W T F R WE DOING ABOUT IT
Comey has got to go!!!
I didn't like Comey
@gcamp4 @LindseyGrahamSC @HumaAbedin is a liar saying they shared laptop. Cheating hubbys don't share computers with their wives.
GOOD JOB MR GRAHAM EVEN IF COMEY THE SNAKE WOULDNT GIVE A STRAIGHT ANSWER!!
Considering it will never be done.. easy answer..
And Humas not indicted because???
Charade, its total BS liberals own the government, and Comey is in NO DANGER of seeing a Prison Cell, neither is HRC, or any other liberal!
Prosecute them
Seems like there's two sets of laws  one for #Dems #Libs to get away with everything than one for #Reps that get crucified for everything!
Can U say FELONY??!!!  Classified docs sent to Anthony the Weiner's computer!!!??
Senator @Lindsay Graham PROVES there should be some DEM CROOKS locked up TODAY!!
Why are we not demanding that Weiner and Huma be charged? Obviously illegal! Time to make people pay...ignorance is not a defense!!
Comey,as little as I know about him,is as crooked as they come.
I think that Comey may need to have his security clearance revoked.
"Fair" or ILLEGAL???
And will anybody be punished for this? Can you say hell no!
@LindseyGrahamSC Why haven't any of these people been arrested??
They're above the LAW is my guess....@DOJgov @POTUS
Where is the peoples remedy, where is our recourse, where is justice! Arrest top law breakers. Felonies prosecuted
You think????
It's ALL mind boggling to anyone with sense.
@nickberoxbe1989 @LindseyGrahamSC Investigate Comey already!!MAGA
That's ok, I;m sure he never had "intent" to look at them.
Then why arent they in jail? If the avg joe would have done this we would surely b in jail.
@iLoveurdog5 @LindseyGrahamSC unfortunately,  I don't think Graham is a credible witness
Outstanding, hurry up and connect these dots. We're also gonna need you to release that treasure trove of #weiner's 650k+ emails. I'll wait.
Ok then how shall the public get ahold of certified information? It'd be ok right?
Someone is gonna go down for this... Guess who? 
And the name on the file was "Life Insurance"?!
Ya think that was a good move to forward classified emails to her husband? NO, it's called STUPIDITY.
Well, who are you accusing Mr. Graham? Certainly not Hillary Clinton, because it was established it was Weiner's wife who made the decision.
#COMEY DECIDES alone as to who/what to prosecute based on HIS opinions WOW #FIRECOMEY
If Trump did this he would already be serving time
Maybe Comey should be prosecuted for not following the law. Apparently he loves Weiner. Comey must go! #draintheswamp
But Comey gave the wife a pass cuz he said she didn't know it was illegal.That's a lie because Wiener knew it was not legal & she sure did 2
Why bother with dog & pony show? Yes, H should have had consequences....., AND SHE DID 11/8/16.. move on to MAGA
@LindseyGrahamSC how about the trump family.
@LindseyGrahamSC is back to his Matlock impersonation. His quick list for Comey was meant to set up his attacks on Abedin & @HillaryClinton.
@retireleo @LindseyGrahamSC  OMG!!! Why r they not in jail?!!!
Comey shows that it is people like him refusing to prosecute parties that broke the law. There is already a statute, he said it. He refuses.
By the way, all TRUMP supporters are Russian spies .
OMG! AND A GIANT NOTHING BURGER DONE ! WHAT THE H E DOUBLE HOCKEY STICKS !
Cherry pick much .Also wear shorter skirts girls or their gonna fire you . Knee pads optional .
Lindsey graham asking a tough question, is he up for re-election soon or something?
Of course he shouldn't have access.   Where is the outrage from Democrats over this. Par for the course under HRC authority.
Comey should be arrested and charged for aiding and abetting felonies. He knew and let them slide.#draintheswamp
I ONLY had a Brain
duh
True, not illegal he got wife's emails. 1st 3 mos SOS Dept got it's act together re: secure emails. Her personal server not hacked; secured.
He won't be prosecuted nor Huma nor HRC. History shows there's a DoubleStandard for prosecution=One for Politician/Bureaucrats & one for us
Lock her up !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So, who in the FBI forwarded Clintons e-mails with classified info., to Weiner AND what role did Weiners wife (a Clinton aide) have in this?
SHOW HOW CORRUPT COMEY IS FOR ANOTHER CORRUPT PERSON LIKE GRAHAM TO SEE HOW CORRUPT COMEY IS AND BASICALLY CALLS HIM OUT ON IT!!
if the investigation doesnt include the 1/5 uranium sale to the ruskies by hitlery n buttock, it's a sham investigation. @realDonaldTrump
Comey should be fired, impeached, or whatever it takes.
Thre should be a James Comey Statute that send the FBI derector to a Gitmo cell 4 acting like Comey!!!
well, do something about it, comey. but no...he's with her.

Fair statement?  Is that like a cover up without admitting to one?
Now, everyone  he is working with all of the professional clowns.   Why do you think that Obama place him there.
@grannygethealth @LindseyGrahamSC Why Weiner, Huma & Hillary not indicted; in Jail? WTH? Elites don't pay? If I had shared in JAIL!
What's all the hubbub about? Obviously our national secrets were safe in the filthy hands of Mr. Danger.
It they were Republican they would be in jail
Such a novel idea prosecute somebody for breaking the law
Come on @LindsayGrahamSC ....push for justice in this case
Dah ! No  Sherlock !
So what is the incompetent ass going to do about it? People just keep getting away with so much garbage!!
I'm beginning to wonder when all the madness will end. It's time we had our day in court.
But don't worry, Comey said he didn't think Weiner read it..
Lol
So.......Comey watcha gonna do about that?
Comey said Weiner should not have had access 2 @HillaryClinton emails. So begs the question where's the chgs against Abedin 4 snding emails?
Why even bother to watch this exercise in futility. Same old same old...
Now ain't that funny
Such an exercise in futility! They will do Nothing! 's
So why isn't he and the person that enabled him in Jail?
@Deplora79928582 @LindseyGrahamSC
Nothing to see here. Move along. Only non-politicians can be prosecuted for this. Keep moving, buddy.
Comey needs to be arrested an. Held responsible for his corruption and criminal activity
still beating up Hilary while putin is in the ehite house
Graham just steps all over himself- why?
Comey is trying his darndest to keep from answering the questions! And Graham is getting impatient-DITTO American people.
@projectexile7 Why are these politicians shielded w/lack of intent, when intent isn't part of the statute while servicemembers get crushed.
Congress must pass the "Weiner Law" so finally put Hillary to rest. In prison.
What @projectexile7 (James Comey) needs to articulate is why the FBI is failing to prosecute mishandling of classified info cases.
Omg just STOP WASTING 
OUR MONEY

COMEY CIRCUS
IT'S SICKENING
Then WTH aren't they all in prison?!
Hard to blame Comey, Russia or misogyny for STATE info on Weiner's laptop as an excuse for losing. Comey didn't make that decision, she did.
Does he not hear himself. This is a disgrace. HC, Huma and weiner should be in jail. Along with a host of others.
Comey & McCabe need to go. What is taking so long? They are embarrassing to listen to. Still a lot of swamp draining to do.
Damn right it's a crime!
HRC, classified info & WEINER laptop all in one sentence is horrifying in itself. What possible excuse is there for that recklessness? Crazy
All those left wingers should 
Pay the price for everything they 
Have done. No exception.
Fact     Comey is "not aware of any request to the FBI" for unmasking by the Obama administration
So, if Weiner wasn't "authorized", then Huma "mucked"-up, should be prosecuted. 
#Emails
Anthony Weiner should be thrown in jail, these people get away with murder,corruption
So are there not consequences for this action?
No shit.
