If you're not going to hold @POTUS accountable and impeach him, let us know so we can elect someone who will.
Nobama should have been Impeached! Our country, used to be Happy, now it's division bc of him.  @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS
read a book
Read the Bible
Anything beside Leviticus?
U ppl who call other's names have no substance, just name calling...what a waste lol
don't take this hypocrit serious... @shellsbg
Who and what on God's Earth made you so important? I don't get it.
please do something about this president's erratic, impulsive behavior. Aren't you worried about it?
you're going to regret this tweet probably in 48 hours.
no worries though, I took a screenshot to help out future Graham remember.
I don't think he'll forget with or without your "screenshot" lol
you know what they say. Fool me once...
Per @jasoninthehouse, no healthcare for you!
.@LindseyGrahamSC Do you have the arm length to give a reacharound over this monumental ass?
Maybe Congress should have to choose their health care plans as we do and pay out of pocket No more gravy train!
@danpgabriel @POTUS wth makes you think he wanted it? IMO, he should give it to the NSA and say here boys, enjoy yourselves
Fool me once shame on you; fool me twice shame on me. When he gives it out again don't that make it shame on you?
Like he didn't have it before. #russianhacking
Oh no. Don't tell me you too are going to talk tough and then like the rest go soft on the investigation.
most likely you'll make him mad enough that you'll need to get another in a few weeks or months...
I know you are too smart to fall for the con, Senator.
You sad, desperate libs ...
@steph93065 @POTUS Hope it's an old school Nokia, otherwise they're listening.
I Wouldn't Give Him The Steam From My Pi**.
♪Here's my number, so call me maybe!♪
Mrs @LindseyGrahamSC who are you kidding with this war monger persona? We all know you're ummmm....
.@LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS don't look at me when he makes you look like a fool again! #IndependentInvestigation
hope it's not your real # because @POTUS can't be trusted given his emotional instability
@KatyTurNBC @POTUS Will your dumb tweets end up in history books when it covers how you  idiots screwed up our country?
That chapter has already been written thanks 2 the obama years He'll go down as 1 of worst
POTUS belongs in a white jacket not the White House. Do Something!
also just in case anyone was confused- Senator Graham has ZERO intentions of holding Trump accountable.

we still have another 24 hours. How much longer can @POTUS' phone be withheld from him?
@steph93065 @POTUS good one
@steph93065 @POTUS Now maybe you'll stop trying to sabotage his Presidency.
@steph93065 @POTUS Will McCain get jealous?
@steph93065 @POTUS Idiot
@steph93065 @POTUS #TraitorGraham
@steph93065 @POTUS Don't trust him Mr. President, You dial his number and your phone explodes!
you just have him KOMPROMAT on yourself
I keep coming back to your avatar. What the heck is going on in that pic???
STEVE BALLMER
Ah. Pretty much says it all. fwiw, I'd probably run away too - guy could burst into flames any minute.
How many people have come out of "promising" mtg w/ him only 2 have him completely disregard their concerns?
Too many to count.
Hes great face 2 face because he WANTS TO BE LIKED - in the moment anyway.
You're gonna regret that....
@tteegar @POTUS You just suck. End of tweet.
you have a new phone?!?! You obviously haven't been following @jasoninthehouse's advice...
Glad you have a sense of humor!  It was funny!
1-900-SEX-DADDY???
DOES NOT SOUND GOOD - BC YOU GAVE HIM NOTHING SINCE HE ALREADY HAD YOUR NUMBER
Senator Graham, I'm a liberal who thinks you're a good man - please do the right thing about the President.
PLEASE get your ego in check and work hard to unify with Trump, instead of working to dividie our Republican party
@aduanebrown @POTUS idiot
does that mean you chose against health care?
funny

@peacemaker4u @POTUS Now give him your full support!
@peacemaker4u @POTUS that's a good one
Is he going to send you text messages at 3am in the morning? And, will you have to immediately respond?
SUCKER!!!
flip-phone or luddite version with physical keypad & no apps?
Way to give the liar and Traitor a pass Lindsay. Sold your soul to Putin too.
hey Lindsey what does Trump have on you? What say you?
so you lost your spine... Again! Shocking! @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS
Get to work on impeaching Trump and his bandits. You'll be sorry your next election.
Let me guess? He threatened your career or paid you off?
SO IMMATURE
Beware 3am whacked out phone calls.
Watch out, he'll be round to grab your pussy.
yes but did you give up healthcare coverage to get that new cell phone? Oh wait I forgot, that's only the rest of us
if I were a senator u would be my go to Guy from across the aisle
mistakes I like senator Durban 's take on the way the current potus is destroying the prestige of office of Presidency
"Grab 'em by the pussy."

This is the person you are excited about having your cell number.
you'll be sorry! Lo!
short memory. 
all chummy...lest u disagree with him again on anything at all.
LMAO
well that was stupid!
Have you come to your senses? Decided to run with the big dogs?
If you're gonna act #Libtarded we'll #RECALLGraham
you realize you sound like a woman most of the time?
Never heard of once bitten, twice shy???
one day you act like you have integrity, the next day... this. c'mon, senator, try to act like you deserve our trust
Most Americans can't afford 2 just run out and buy new phone or number I didn't find ANY of that funny or relevant.
@realDonaldTrump You're a better comedian then Senator but your sidekick @SenJohnMcCain isn't that funny so dump him
@realDonaldTrump This gave me a good chuckle! Finally, some lighthearted fun.
@CIA already gave it to him. After listening to all of ur conversations. #obamagatewiretaps
Let's hope that POTUS never uses it. For sure LG's line is bugged. With friends like LG you don't need any enemies.
@laurararat @POTUS I'm one of your constituents, now stop being part of the problem and fight for us with Pres Trump!
first time you make him angry it goes public again. He doesn't play fair.
no one ever said you were bright, super luminaries you both!
good job guys.  Proud of you.
cant wait to see it!  
what a sellout you are
@KassyDillon @POTUS GFY
HAHAHA NOT YOUR ALTPHONE #
HaHa!
Did you change the old one to make sure he DIDN'T call you. Now that was a good move.
I hope it was the number to your burner.
Why? Because #Vault7 hacked into your old phone and number?
Not what troubles Americans. Talk conflict of interest, Russia ties, libel, disrespect of judiciary & rule of law.
Sell out!
buddy, my friends on the left keep trying to convince me you aren't a shitbag. This isn't helping.
they're all shitbags. Heartless evil shitbags bent on destruction. Prove me wrong PLEASE
did -45 berate you for getting an apple instead of android given his maniac CIA/WikiLeaks tweets?
it's so important to stay updated especially with technology communication is key
did you block his number?
when you put yr confidence in a conman, you gonna be a sucker.


you gave him new number? Good luck senator#election 2016
So important. Did you get Putin's too
you should not have done that because he will probably put it on Twitter!
Like a good democrat.
hey Lindsay, are you still a"RINO?"
I hope POTUS watches his back w u. U are NOT to be trusted. Ur a FAKE GOP SENATOR.
Get the Russian Doies out of the WH NOW
reports that Carter Page spoke in #russia in 2016 and ripped the USA are maddening-every American should be pissed
you won't do what's right and stand up to trump. you and mccain can't do that because you approve of his ideas. tks
the one you never pick up?
so does that mean you can't afford health insurance now?
Maybe he will share with the rest of us.
he might be the dumbest person ever / don't get sucked in LG, we need you/ tell Chauncey Gardner to go play golf
My SC ancestors are rolling in their graves. 45 is NOT fit to be in the WH! Stand up to him the way you did in early 2016.
U've got a fine sense of humor Lindsey. good luck & MAGA
sad. You caved.
Country over Party, brown nosing with someone that has been  in business with corrupt businessmen and enemy of  US? Sad
You act like this is a game  with him. He is destroying the dignity of this country #guessugotonboard #LiarinChief
Hope it was a BURNER.
Hope you two can work together...immigration reform?
I am so disappointed. You can't sell your soul for jobs. @realDonaldTrump is destroying our faith in our institution
The only thing he will do is put a knife in your back.  He will destroy the GOP.  Bannon/Putin win...
does that mean you won't be getting insurance anytime soon?
He only uses carrier pigeon now.
And then only the ones he got as a child
#SpeckledJim #vault7 #CIA
Grow a pair and stand up to the Psychopath in Chief #ImpeachTrump
don't fall in with him
the CIA probably gave it to him already
We're  glad you didn't have to decide between healthcare or cell phone.
. Talk is cheap Lindsey, get some balls, oppose this maniac.
Shut up Lindsey! You let Obama abuse his power and you're worried about Trump? Please investigate Lindsey Mr POTUS
Risky...he's as vindictive as Nixon.  The next time you speak out, you'll be getting phone calls from Trump
#hypocrite stand up to the fake POTUS
@StevenTDennis @POTUS did he tell you what Russia has on you?
That was hilarious
Maybe you should give him your twitter number.
, for god's sake, DON'T fall for it. You can be the hero or get involved with loser @POTUS & lose all respect in the process
Lindsey the loser.  Resign!  Please!,
ha!  Hopefully it's a separate phone where you can screen calls.
you should take a principled stand and step way from Trump. Trust that he will in time implode taking many with him
1-800-PEEONUS
you are simply a partisan hack with no self respect
why?  After his behavior two years ago? I don't get it.
This is why we are concerned about you investigating the Russian connections. How can YOU be impartial?
How can you defend our democracy. We really need an independent investigation.
is that one tapped I know trump likes to do that to people  he said he does it all the time
That's good.
Did you discuss going to #Bilderberg2016? #LoganAct #Sedtion
Did you tell him how much you took from #GeorgeSoros?
. Careful, he might tweet it out again!
as long as you don't compromise your principles and stand firm against him  when called for like you have been.
You, sir, have a good sense of humour! Though, sadly, he listens to noone so probably didn't help.
Not smart.  It will be leaked.
I remember when Senator Graham was brave and stood up for what was right instead of toadying to a crazed president.
Yes please work with President Trump. America needs unity to #MAGA
really????????
Thanks for your sense of humor. One of the few things that happened during the election that gave me a good laugh.
He's been in office for five weeks and he didn't have it?
@ofccadjust @POTUS Please support President Trump
I love you Lindsey Graham and I am a Democrat (another reason is you love John McCain who I also admire)
& @SenJohnMcCain Rep. thinking about good of the country first! Please don't stop we have dangerous @realDonaldTrump in WH!
Please don't let sociopath pathological liar @realDonaldTrump to fool you! Keep digging about Russia connections! @POTUS
.@LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS Was it an iPhone? Because @jasoninthehouse says you should get health care instead
did you suggest a boost plan ?
that was generous of you.
fool me once...
I saw The Light 1948 ! 
But did he give you Putin's cell number?
Why would you not lobby the Pres on behalf of one of your constituents? Our child has waited 6 years to move to USA
did he give you Putin's number. You can third wheel on their next date night.
Gross.  Did you ruffle his hair, too?
@DTRUMP4PREZ @POTUS we all have it posted on face book #maga
