@LindseyGrahamSC - you and your @GOP collegues kept asking Comey why he didn't stand up to trump. #WeThePeople ask you the same
Excellent point! GOP denounces Comey for not standing up to bully trump, yet they have not either. Hypocrisy. #Complicit #GOP #Trump #Comey
@MarilynElaine @PhebeArmas1 @Emmyllu @LBurke9915  That's why Precedent Cofeve Bigly is unfit to serve in the office
Did you hear? He's also PRED-isant

Hey Lindsey I think your mom and dad were expecting a girl but forgot to change the name
Its time the Republicans remember their place in congress is not to follow blindly
How is the president of the United States firing the FBI director solely because he wouldn't end an investigation not a crime?
Emoluments clause? Conflict of interest in businesses? Perjury? Income tax fraud? Still auditing taxes? Trump University fraud?
Are you leaking classified information?
Trump hiring Russian lawyers to refute accusations of any involvement with Russia should get some sort of Republican response.
HRC having a private server in her basement wasn't a crime either but you and your buddies vilified her like it was. Such hypocrisy.
That's a great compliment for a FAKE President!
Give me a break, you know he is a crook and that impeachment is a political process. You are a coward who puts party over country.
Abuse of Power is an impeachable offense.  Why do you look so nervous, Lindsay?
As a Black man, that's opened minded, @LindseyGrahamSC  u HAD some credibility.  But now u sir lack human decency integrity
@GOP is GovOfPutin 
Mr. Graham is wrong here and is playing the partisan game.He should wise up and accept Trump has broken numerous laws incl. International.
Graham, what Trump does, is what the American people wanted & why he won over you. You were to first to go, you might want to work with him
Everybody look at Lindsey Graham he's now getting his time in front of the cameras isn't that what you wanted all the time to get famous?
You might as well stand next to Schumer while you're saying all that garbage he'll bring Hillary into video big and bad NOT
Look at Lindsay he gets to play up to the media now you're part of the problem now I used to have respect for you thought you were a man
Sure is funny Lindsay couldn't see you opposing anything Obama done sit back in the corner like a scared little puppy let him run shotgun
Ok lying to the people, firing Comey & Yates to stop the investigation & divulging highly classified info to Russians are all "normal" acts?
You sir must be getting a lot of financial support  u are pathetic when. Will this end mueller is looking at years 2018 is gonna be rough
@LindseyGrahamSC, you have proven yourself COMPLICIT in #TrumpRussiaCoverUp.  That's TREASON.
You've lowered the bar really low for this president, senator
If u say 1/2 of what he does not okay,why do GOP not do something? Americans deserve & expect so much more. All about AHCA n Tax cuts for u.
OBSTRUCTING an investigation is a crime! It's really simple Either GOP does their job or after 18 mid-term election the Dems will. Simple!!!
LindseyGraham,MORE THAN HALF OF WHAT "YOU" DO IS NOT OK!!!STOP YOUR CONTENTIOSNESS WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP & GET ON WITH THE JOB OF FIXING USA!
Trump is an excellent president who deserves the support of the GOP to work together to fulfill his promises to the American people.
But now all the sudden you're out there getting your media attention aren't you love the media by talking against Trump will kiss off
@POTUS needs to "change his behavior"?? GFY, graham. You imbeciles gave attention to Dem/Russia BS to slow his agenda. Do some damn work
Country over party Senator.  INTEGRITY FIRST
Stop the nonsense please! The entire @GOP is defending Trump no matter what he does. He is NOT cleared of obstruction of justice!
#TakeCare  ever heard of that, @LindseyGrahamSC
So ignorance is now a legitimate plea for trump? Good going GOP. Such high standards you've set. You've hit bottom you just don't know it.
AKA Don't group me in with the crazies but I'm not going to stop them bc it would keep me from getting my donors' agendas thru
Such a milquetoast, whitewashed sense of ethics and rule of law.
You cannot ignore wrong doing on his part because he is a member of your party. Pick your party or your country. Can't have both.
@LindseyGrahamSC  I disagree. But let's assume your love child isn't a criminal.  His acts are impeachable nonetheless. Twirl on that
A bit of hyperbole, Senator?
Half Lindsey?  Come on.  Country before party.  This man is dismantling democracy for personal gain.  GOP has to stop protecting
Trump is laughing at what fools he & Bannon have made of GOP. They use 2 eat you  breakfast & are literally laughing all the way 2 the bank.
Who knew @POTUS could make such fools out of you. Trump knew exactly what he was doing 2 Comey & knows what a fool he makes of you
Abuse of power is a crime, obstruction of justice is a crime, tweeting false accusations about Obama is a crime,Lying about facts is a crime
graham.. so a Democrat administrative just left with all the shit Comey did ..you wouldn't ask from loyalty?? Wow!
Senator should stop worrying about Trump and go about the business of passing the agenda the people want and elected him and repubs to do
Presidential incompetence is a crime....
What makes up the half you are okay with?  Please, tell us.
It is when it altered the election
Oh Missy Graham, your just a big silly queen, trying so hard to be butch, but it aren't working.
Stupidity is not funny. It's not funny to play dumb in these situations & I don't find it funny that these GROWN MEN pretend we're dumb. NO.
OH RIIIIGHT. Let #Obama have even done .0000000000000005 % of what this #predatorinchief has done!!! Come TF on!!!!
Really? Step up. Country over party, now.
Clearing the room - Intent to make illegal request. Firing to change course of an investigation. Obstruction. Can it be clearer?
You are wrong, sir!
lindsey have the guts to serve America, do not sell ur soul to @realdonaldtrump & special interest
As one of the patriotic herd, proud Pres is a bull in a china shop. Do you, McCain, Ryan, et al. consider yourselves to be the fine china?
If Graham's not worried....WHATS THE PROBLEM!!!????
Keep speaking the truth @LindseyGrahamSC you are one of the only people in DC that calls a spade a spade!!:) ThankYou
If Obama fired Comey for email investigation, would my fine senator reach the same conclusion? No. #fail
I agree. Good people like you have tobprovide a reality check for the President. Bootlickers will not help him or the country.
Sounds like you are running for POTUS in 20 Lindsey
Well too freaking bad if it bothers you
When you're President you don't get the luxury of that excuse, buck stops at him!
GOP continues to fail the American taxpayers and citizens.
Is that where the bar is set now? At "not a crime?" Does that work for anyone else in America? No.
It was a good interview especially your closing segment! Be careful.
If it's not ok, it is wrong.  Not being a crime doesn't make it right.
@cnn If Trump "troubles" you, what does that mean?  If someone is trouble, you need to take action.  Otherwise your words are meaningless,
It may not be a crime but it violates public ethics laws, thereby causing the public to lose trust in the government. That is impeachable.
The President of the United States lies over and over and that isn't a CRIME??!! Repubs have lost ALL sense of DUTY!  #Hypocrites
Lying is not a crime?! President Bill Clinton was 1/2 way to Impeachment over ONE DAMN LIE for ONE DAMN AFFAIR!!  Jesus, Repubs!
And the other half is a crime. Conflicts. Abuse. Interference. Profiteering. Yemen. Let's see those taxes too...
making Lindsay Graham troubled is not a crime.

Obstruction of justice and treason are crimes though.
Hypothetical: if Obama told FBI Director to lay off Hillary Clinton investigation would you be singing this tune? I think not.
New rules for Trump???
The @GOP bar is set so incredibly low, it's remarkable. #VoteBlue
How about Obstruction of Justice?  You all cannot hide that, nor can you "Republican" that.  Focus on that, prosecute for that, then Treason
Yet you continue to stand by him
Cbs you just need to move your station to Obama or Clinton's compound your so bias.
Hilary did a lot. Uranium sold to Russians for her profit Dems said nothing
Comey has no credibility. Dems hate and then love him
Cry liberals cry. You never learn. Please keep this laughable crap up.   Losers!!!!!!
More conservative bashing by Graham. And republican wonder why the BASE IS PISSED OFF
Impeachment is not a legal process. Once Americans lose the confidence in president, we can get rid of him even though he is not a criminal.
The American people expect loyalty to the country. Comey leaked to a friend was it Muller?
That is a very questionable statement. A lot of stuff that isn't ok IS illegal you know?
If HALF of what @POTUS does is "not OK", as defined by a thoughtful REPUBLICAN Senator, how is nothing done about it?..?
It's who he is, and what the party deals with daily. #sadsituation until it's resolved.
So then why did your members say if HRC won, they would start impeachment on DAY ONE ???  all gop is forever tainted with trump disgrace.
OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE (the Flynn investigation) IS A FELONY, SENATOR. Not to mention emoluments via china trademarks & hotel income. #IMPEACH
Obstruction is a crime and trump is a criminal and a traitor.
Then Obama is much worse
Wishing the Senator would take a stand for country first, rather than party.
Crimes against morality and human decency are inexcusable. Lying, stealing charity funds, colluding with Russia - wake up!
Self dealing and violation of emoluments clause is not a crime. Wow, so GOP can do no wrong!
Maybe the American people should come first, not the Republican Party. Do your job!
He could just pardon Flynn and tell The FBI director to stop the investigation... its over... i hate TRUMP but I hate witch hunts even more.
Lindsey it's a crime to collude with the Russians. It's a crime for you to protect him
All it took to take down Nixon for obstruction of justice was "uh-huh". Trump's big mouth went WAY beyond that.
and obstruction of justice is totally fine with you. Nice
u mean taking money from Saudi Arabia or any foreign country through his hotel is ok in the constitution?
...and location of our nuclear submarines to our adversaries. How to you support that? Guess you don't want to be a senator any longer.
Not 2 mention insulting our allies, damaging our standing in the world, praising dictators, freely giving intell secrets....
Apparently, Lindsey is unaware of the Emoluments Clause's existence and/or is unfamiliar with the definition of what an "emolument" is.
You & other Republicans should be ashamed for continuing to support him. He lies constantly and has repeatedly violated the Oath of Office.
i guess we hold a lower bar for the president of our country instead of a higher bar....
The word for this is "normalization."
Oh Lindsey you rapscallion. Content to destroy any legacy you had to kiss the Supreme Cheetos ass so you can ram your crap legislation thru
I never want to hear another Republican say "troubled" again...
Say that about Hillary.
Just half?? Thats kind of lowballin it don't you think Senator....
Sad, you've become a sell out, are willing to overlook the 1/2 that is NOT okay.   who will be the protector of All if no one willing to ??
Taken 8 years to get rid of Obama, so where was a protector during that time, learn to swim on your own, we did for eight years
@SenJohnMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC are just 2 more loads in the @GOP shit sandwich.
Lindsey Graham is a coward cc: John MCcain
Ask him if he wants his job?
Nice mixing fact with a rumors,  beautiful you just discredit yourself.
I'm a constituent. Dear country, im sorry and I won't vote for him again.
In what job is it acceptable to be unacceptable 50% of the time? @LindseyGrahamSC is supporting a buffoon.
Bottom line: country over party. To hell with what's happening to our democracy. Oh, and to hell with your healthcare, right?
Hey Lindsey I'd like you to know you are among my top least favorite leaders in our country. I'm ashamed you're a SC representative.
Support our elected @potus and stop being a huge turd on our party with your buddy McCain. I hope you're gone soon. Good day.
And, you know that because????
"But as I said last month, I'm all in on Trump and won't do much about these troubling things."
You are only a tough talker when it makes absolutely no difference.
Trump's behavior and russian-style campaign tactics are toxic to communities. He is tearing up the country with his madness.
CHEATING IS NOT A CRIME
Yes, but if Hillary had done half of what Trump has done, you would have already voted to impeach. Be honest, at least.
Absolutely. Well stated. Speak the truth.
Graham is suffering from low T. Or maybe FISA has some interesting material. Violating the Emollient Clause and nepotism isn't criminal?
Right and christians like yourself love him.  No way would Jesus approve .
Count on graham to be a babbling pos as always
Stupid is as stupid does
Stop making pronouncements about no guilt until all get their say. Speak for the people not your voice who is still trying to placate Trump.
When I hear a United States Senator say stuff like this I find myself wondering when did Germany tipped into totalitarianism. A good German.
you know if Trump would just Pardon them all we could move on.
But then he really would look guilty. Plus, they will still investigate Russia anyway to ensure they can't meddle again.
Not a crime yet....
If not obstruction of justice then abuse of power, still an impeachable offense.
Not to mention violating the Oath of Office numerous times & alienating our allies while cuddling up to our adversaries. Makes me sick.
1-Do you like your job? 2-Are you loyal to me? 3- Then I hope you let go of the investigation of Flynn!  1, 2, 3- intent is self evident
Exactly.
Not a crime ... as far as we now know but still tbd bc Flynn worked w Russia on lifting sanctions if trump were to be elected
He makes me sick. He is willing to overlook so much just to help himself. He abandoned the U.S long ago
You are talking about the same Obama that I saw for 8 years right?
gross incompetence and the failure of republicans to hold their own accountable should be. Shameful days for a decaying party.
Sounds like somebody is trying to sugar coat high crimes and misdemeanors. Republicans would love it if this went they way of Iran-Contra
Would you think different when Trumps approval rating drops to only 25 %.
