@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr 
.@LindseyGrahamSC you need to talk less and listen more. The @GOP has promised REPEAL of obamacare NOT fix it.
That you stoop to appearing together with Tony Perkins the vicious bigot tells us a lot about you.
Tony Perkins, who heads a well documented religious hate group? And you are glad to share this? Shameful.
(Re-arranges deck chairs on Titanic)
why listen to your lies haven't we heard enough lies from Trump? Wharton School of Business my assm it was bought just like the election
Give it up dude.  Just give it up.
You are a disaster.
Why do we have to remind you that you work for the public and for the greater good? No one wants this bill. You are a traitor and a thief.
This bill is not the answer.  Work with Dems to fix ACA.  That is how you govern.  DO YOUR JOB!!
lying lindsey.
Medicaid for All, Lindsey. You're on the wrong side of history and humanity. We will make it happen. But first, we save the ACA.
There is no saving the ACA, it set up that the middle class has to foot the bill, EXPLODE THE ACA !!!
Nope. We save the coverage and make sure Americans are kept safe from the GOP BS. Then, we work to guarantee healthcare AS A RIGHT to all.
Obama and the Liberals machine screwed hard-working Self Employed Americans !!!
Oh bullshit. I am self-employed. The ACA is not perfect. GOP states and Ins. Co.'s screwed Americans w/some of the loopholes given. BUT /1
the self-employed can now get insurance for pre-existing conditions. That's huge. People will die w/out it. Did die w/out it. /2
Lindsey and others that support taking that coverage from other Americans support inhumanity for political gain. We'll save the ACA, then /3
we'll fight for and win #MedicaidForAll. Even assholes who wished death on others... like you and Lindsey. /end
Who cares Big Pharma&  Exxon tell him what to say
@LindseyGrahamSC. Stop with the "repeal" crap and work with the Dems to #FixTheACA.
If I want to hear noise I will saw some wood.
Tony is a homophobic bigot.  No thanks Lindsey.
Who's paying u to pass this bill? Where is your compassion and concern for the wellbeing of all Americans? Admit it - this is a huge turd.
The jerk store called and they're running out of you
Tony understands the bill as a pro-life person, and has the right to question the R senators that don't.
#LindseyGraham seems to want to put a stake in the heart of a lot of people lately...he doesn't seem like a happy person.

#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 

Wife just told me to pick a 2nd wife that is kind to our kids... after she dies due to not having health care. Thks 4 that
2 words: PUERTO RICO
How many elderly people will your bill kill .. by denial of access to nursing care?
#30PiecesOfSilver #Bought
#DeathCare
https://twitter.com/BanditRandom/status/912396043802644481 …

No interest
Try speaking to someone not donating to your campaign

U ignore humanitarian crisis in PR while taking healthcare away from millions, creating another humanitarian crisis. Wh is wrong w you?
YOU broke the ACA, now be a responsible adult and fix it.  Graham-Cassidy needs to be filed for trash pickup.
Can you speak about how much you stand to lose from donors if you don't take our healthcare away?
No
Are you going to lie more about how your bill will help Americans? Your atrocious bill proves how you want to screw the American people.
Instead of talking to DC lobbyists, talk with your constituents. We don't want #GrahamCassidy to cancel our healthcare
Stop tweeting
Are you going to talk about how you want to screw Americans for a dollar?
No thanks!

I've heard way too much of your rhetoric lately.
Stop trying to ruin healthcare and do something for Puerto Rico!!!
SO disappointed in you

Hey Lindsey, do me a favor please.
Get in your car
Drive until there's nothing but trees
Get out and start walking
Leave your phone behind
No thank you.
No. I've heard enough of your bulls**t for today.
I’ll pass. I’d rather you work on a bi-partisan fix to the ACA than spend your time on the radio defending the cruel Graham-Cassidy bill
Here's a crazy idea .how about YOU listen to the American people for once.  We don't want your crappy healthcare..1 payer healthcare for all
Speak to SC.  Hold a Town Hall.
#SCB4CNN
No.  No one wants this bill.  Just stop.

Oh yes it is 
Let it explode, either way the single payer, the self employed Still loose in this bill !  DO NOT REPLACE, let it EXPLODE  !
Nope. Bad plan. Won't let it happen.
Nope. Reached my limit of listening to lies for the day.
Who cares! You've disgraced yourself and tarnished your rep for a buck!
lies and deceit
Already listened to you today. Over the screams in the hall. Reprehensible. What have they got on you, Lindsey, to turn you? TrumpTool
I hope you can get your HealthCare passed. We are with you. Keep trying.
No thanks
