really?   I've seen some videos on line how he treats people.   Filthy mouthed arrogant elitist.  Where's the "nice"?
@SenJohnMcCain Ryan & d other RINOS are bought & They are out for themselves and don't care about @POTUS or USa #TermLimits#VoteThemOut
Sen-UR talk on CBS Sun-was outstanding-voice of reason- months back I requested-UR Repub liaison with Prez.
Yes.China-new Mao-is biggest danger to world& USA
LIVED? he's still alive
John McCain is a person, evidently, who cares whether Americans live or die. Too bad you can't say the same.
THAT SAYS IT ALL ABOUT YOUR CORRUPTION. NO VETS LIKE HIM. BINGO!
Bird of a FEATHER!!!! You both SUCK!!! Wished you would just label yourselves Liberal and save face...
This is democrats fault!!
You should help your friend, tell him to retire now. HE HAS BRAIN CANCER SIR! LET HIM LIVE THE REST OF HIS LIFE WITH FAMILY.
You r a crooked old white dude who feels entitled & the poster boy for a political party that's turned into a terrorist group. #Unamerican
Lindsey, we need to get this tax bill done! Will you help the American people?
Gross.
How can you respect McCain when he spent time with terrorist in Syria . He even took pic with the one who ate the heart of a man . Wicked
Bull$hit.
The question is what life means to you at large
How pathetic. His votes IS how he lived his life. Clearly does not give a crap abt the ppl of AZ, that's the person he is.
People can change on a dime if the reason is worth it to them.I guess that's why we are all sinners at one time or another.
Tired if this betrayal and love fest amongst swamp creatures.  You fail us repeatedly & U R best Democrats in Senate.
So follow his lead
This must mean Trump is no friend of yours. Thanks for allowing us to finally know your true thoughts.
My respect for Sen John McCain has grown in recent years. He inherited the ‘Lion of the Senate’ from his good friend, Sen Kennedy smiles!

I have always respected you sir. After your response about @SenJohnMcCain last night you are elevated to a new level. Thank you from a vet.
Both of you, bought & paid by Koch brothers. Sellouts & crooks.
BULLSHIT!
My friendship with @SenJohnMcCain is not based on how he votes but respect for how he’s lived his life and the person he is.
If only you respected the right to life that all Americans are endowed with by our Creator, @LindseyGrahamSC
I think both of you are more interested in your personal interests than you are the interests of the working middle class citizens.
Well that's real swell. Will take stock in that when dems regain control.
you may not realize it but McCain is saving the GOP from itself
Get out of the way you're holding up progress
McCain hurt Americans this time also by keeping Obamacare.. put him on ObamaCare... he'd vote to repeal then
He will go down in history despised by millions
Shame on you.
Yes, now, that he's dying, he's playing get even with President Trump. He ought to be making peace with GOD.
A BIT LATE FOR THIS @LindseyGrahamSC
Where is McCain's respect for his constituents and his party?
MCCain WAS a Maverick! I voted for him. Now he hates Trump and is NOT looking out for the American People! Disgust!
Well then Lindsey you better look at your things life! 134 dead because of him while a POW god only knows!
Too bad he can't fly a plane being he's a pilot..lmao
Even when people disagree politically They should b able 2 remain friends! Everything does not have 2 b personal!
Good 4 u but u should be as respectful of the American people!
Your bill is a copout.  Work do do something more constructive for the American People.
Dude should be rotting in prison!
Can't believe you respect that is letting this country down
I appreciate Sen. McCain AND his vote. Respect us enough to offer health care so WE can live without fear of losing coverage. .
I don't feel he deserves respect
A hypocrite? Wow...
Well said Senator, agree with what you are trying to do here.
I think you mean the person he was... He's changed and you know it. Kindly ask him to do what he promised his Arizona constituents.
Entertaining how all this false, left love for McCain emerges.  Good grief.
lol! McCain said he work on repealing and replacing Obamacare. He is a liar.
He is right...this is wrong!
These are the two worst swamp rats in the GOP. Good for each other. MAGA
You should open your mind. listen to your constituents, the middle class& poor instead of NRA & Koch brothers.
Too bad he doesn't feel the same...
all well and good sir but he hates our PRESIDENT, he can't put that aside for the American people
John McCain's voting on the replace and repeal is out of hatred towards PRESIDENT Trump, not for the America and it's people

That's too bad Lindsey, because he betrayed you and American people. Reconsider friendship. False friend and traitor to party.
I'm happy Senator McCain cares about us more than you do.
And yet you are trying to murder Americans
I wonder what John would think if he had 2 give up "H" Plan he has & joint plan the rest of America has to choose from. Brain Tumor or not!
Bravo !! So glad that integrity still exists amongst @GOP.
REPUBLICANS ARE DRIVING UP COSTS DONE KNOW OF MEETINGS YA'LL HAD WITH MAJOR INS. COMMPANIES YOU THINK WERE STUPID!?
That's so awesome. Any chance you could apply that thought across the aisle?
Your reputation/legacy, however, is based on how you vote/legislation you put forward. GC kills Americans to pad pockets of rich. For shame!
Drop that stupid bill
I could give a damn about your relationship with @SenJohnMcCain. Provide decent healthcare at an affordable price for all people.
Which is why I respect you @LindseyGrahamSC although I disagree with you on almost every policy issue.
"How McCain has lived his life" includes repudiation of Obamacare during the campaign and embracing if after achieving victory.
Senate won't allow time for CBO estimate, so:
If my friend tried to pass so-called healthcare that took coverage away from 20+ mil Americans, I would end my friendship.
Your friend McCain should retire. He is bitter that he will never be POTUS. He has bran cancer, is on meds and still votes. Why? Retire John
BIPARTISANSHIP!!!!The GOP hypocrisy is getting really old. #FlipTheHouse2018 #ImpeachTrump
His vote deserves RESPECT too. Anyone that can vote 4 Health Bill must b questioned n terms of their critical thinking & caring 4 US People.
McCain is just trying to give you some positive press. Get over yourself.
People can be phonies till their real selves show through. When JMcain voted against the health care he joined the other side,Traitor!
What will he vote for?
That's sweet. Unfortunately for you, he can smell the bullshit which will end up screwing you over come voting time for your bill.
You and your boy, McCain, should appear in remake of Trading Places as Randolph and Mortimer Duke.
@WilliamReiche17 @LindseyGraaham #JohnMcChain# not a goog man
You should also take a lesson on his voting. What makes a man like you and your GOP buddies? Greed? It would seem so. We will drive you out.
But given an opportunity to kill Americans by taking away our healthcare, you'll do it.
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins Please for the love of God, don't kill us by voting for this crappy bill!  Listen to experts, not GOP!
That's cool. Your bill is shit tho
Classy response. Terrible proposal. Listen to your friend.
You Mr. Graham are a clown..endangering health care for millions so you can get revenge on Obama's legacy...You are the definition of evil
you are three admirable men of conscience and principle.  Our Thanks.
ehhh wrong answer
All anyone needs to know about @LindseyGrahamSC is that he sponsors a heinous sham tax bill that would kill innocent Americans. #KillTheBill
Politicians are LIARS. They say and do whatever will keep them in power, NOT what's best for the country.
He's lived his life as a self-centered egotistical person, who likes to be the center of attention. He IS NOT a statesman but a politician.
You might take note.
Is it worth it 2repeal healthcare at all costs 2 make your donors happy? It's the people of the US that matter not the rich donors running u
Someday u r going to have to stop & realize what people really need is healthcare. The stress u r giving us is not even good for us.
But I'm sure you'll take money over friendship every time.
@LindseyGrahamSC take @realdonaldtrump to the Korean War Memorial.See the honorable Americans that gave their lives.DON'T ENDANGER LIVES!
Mankind take notice! I don't agree w/ @SenJohnMcCain & sadly think its sour grapes 4 @POTUS I still admire him & the friendship u 2 share
Healthcare and cutting off millions of people is a malicious breach of trust and dishonour of your office.
Given the size of the INCREASE in your imperialist militaristic warmongering budget, diddling with...
Think what you want Lindsey. He's NOT my friend, he lied to AZ & entire nation. What a hypocrite. If I were you, I'd pick better friends.
... to honour your duty-of-care obligations and support single-payer universal health care!
... for his determined courage and integrity in the face of the onslaught of your kind.
I challenge and...
... below your elitist class or outside your ideological scope is very evident. I commend Sen. McCain ...
Yo! Lindsey! I question whether you comprehend the concept of respect at all. Your contempt for those ...
Well, you should reconsider since he's letting down an entire nation.
John McCain is a hero. What a good friend. And in this, he’s right and you’re wrong. The bill is cruel and especially bad for women.
You're a hypocrite if you support your own disgraceful bill and the way in which you want to jam it through without proper consideration.
I think everyone should go and let’s get working folks in office
Now @LindseyGrahamSC - do the right thing. Don't hurt your fellow countrymen. Follow the HERO @SenJohnMcCain
So your choice is for millions to be priced out of the market. @AlanGrayson was right, “die quickly”.
Pardon me while I scoff.
All of you politicians need to be on Obamacare until you get your sh*t together. See how REAL America has to live.
But what has he become? No longer a conservative
So, u agree he votes against people he does not like, not for what is good for the country?
God bless John McCain.  My hero.  You sir are no John McCain.  What's wrong with regular order sir?
Something all politicians should know- how you vote is a reflection of who you are and your values.
Thanks Lindsey-- now stop trying to take away my health care. You don't need the lobbyists dirty money.
@LindseyGrahamSC when ur friend asked for a bipartisan healthcare bill, u did the opposite to appease ur racist pres. Shameful & Disgusting
so said one worm about another. Neither Mcshame or limpy graham have lead lives worth noting. Once they are gone so will their memory
He is HURTING us!! WE don't have Cadillac plans paid for by taxpayers- WE are suffering!!! I'm so angry!WHO will help us???
That's great but some of the American people do base their opinions on how their politicians vote that's why we elect them.
Yeah hes hitting you in the shtter
For alot of years ,we get it
Please do what you can to pass this. Americans are suffering. Medicaid for all will be HORRIBLE for US & the world. McCain KNOWS that
Well said!
While I do not support your bill, this is classy.  Much respect, for both of you.
Lindsey go away take McCain
I suggest you re-evaluate your basis for friendships. And never let him walk behind you.
You should listen to your friend Mr Graham!
. Very Classy Mr. Graham. I wish you were the President. I would be voted for you Sir
Nice sentiment but your still trying to kill americans
Seriously. Does anyone truly believe this???
After Graham-Cassidy, maybe he'll start to wonder what sort of person you are.
That’s good. Now dump this new bill.
#pissoff
You are part of the problem with this country!
You should end your friendship with Mccain. He's a corrupt slime ball traitor politician who's days in the Senate I hope are numbered
It's not ending well...
How can you respect a liar? In Dec 2015 he said it needed to be repealed.. He lies to his state.
I know McCain hates Trump, bt ths crp is has to stop. Country mre importnt than him. POS! Gd fr fragging!
But we should judge you by the policy you introduce.
Stop trying to take away affordable health care, old man.
You're working hard, and it's appreciated.
Friendship should never override conviction. Unfortunately McCain is on record as cheer leader for getting rid of OC. #ConservativePretender
Give me a break, he is a corrupt politician and you know it, he hates Americans by doing this
I don't believe you
I disagree with both of you regarding politics and policies but I agree with this tweet.
And you both enjoy those Soros paychecks.
I feel betrayed by McCain!
Kind of sad you had to explain that to people. I miss the days when you could still be friendly with people from the other side of the line.
Good lose with the rest of them #DoNothings
That's a classy thing to say. I wish you weren't in the process of trying to strip women and poor people of their healthcare.
Then respect him by not supporting a health care bill that nobody has seen, but you and a few other Republicans, and that is plain evil.
While your own constituency sufferers 
@SenJohnMcCain shows no mercy
While he has surperb health care.
This deserves respect? 
I think NOT
U have a problem with Sen.John McCain,  U have a problem with me. Retired USN
suffering your constituency is experiencing is ok with u? Because @SenJohnMcCain doesn’t care he has superb health care while so many suffer
Maybe fix the problems with Aca,  not that you would understand with your senate coverage
If it was he'd have dumped you a long time ago.
JM is no longer concerned with the future of our great country. He's using his final moments to obstruct our POTUS because he's butt hurt.
Good because he isn’t with you on this Bill and he shouldn’t be. Shame on you for trying to wreck Healthcare for decent honest Americans
You should be ashamed of your hypocritical bill! Disgusting and reckless. It is beneath you.
Wow, maybe you should read what you tweeted.....#YeShallKnowThemByTheirFruits.
Well said.
He just shit on you, man. Maybe that 'friendship' isn't what you think it is?
That's how you respond to someone who disagrees with you @realDonaldTrump
Ok respect. But you've got to follow thru with action to help. Have u read about his disease? Others with no insurance are facing the same!
I wish we could say the same for you. You seem reasonable and then you drop this turd of a bill in the punchbowl #trumpcare
I truly hope you mean this
You two really oughta get a room.
His actons in Congress all these years have real world consequences for those not powerful, wealthy or connected. Remember them, too.
He needs to GET OUT OF THE SENATE! He is not voting out of integrity! He supports the Dems more than his party!
Perhaps senator,  you need to heed to his life and suffering. John McCain was spared. God only knows millions who won't by your cruelty
Maybe follow his lead next time
My respect for you will appear when you start working for the American people!!! Get your frigging Frankenstein out of the Oval Office!
Sadly our tweeter in chief doesn’t have the same rational mind as most in our great nation honorable Senator.
MAGA just got FUBAR-ed sad
Too bad you don't have his social conscience or you would withdraw that abomination of a healthcare bill!!
The Senator is elected to vote. His service merits great respect. Votes often differ from words to voters.
He knows the best bill will come with 60 votes in a true bipartisan package. You know it too.
He should've been out of office along time ago. We need term limits!
"how he's lived his life" Songbird McCain is a traitor. Met with ISIS. Lies to his constituents. This is why he's your friend?
