you are delusional if you think your proposed ACA replacement would benefit your constituents.
You disrespect us. It will cost you.
You getting rid of #preexisting condition protections & lifetime max bans will put many lives at risk!
This change in Medicaid funding would affect my special-needs daughter 's home.  Unacceptable.
Yeah, lindsey, how do you plan to replace it? My guess you will take away all coverage for the poor, needy and seniors. Disgraceful Repubs
No it shouldn't. Look at Cassidy Collins instead.
Hey Senator Graham, could you explain to me why you and your colleagues oppose Medicare for all?
I will take, How to Suck Up to the Koch Bros for $1000 Alex.
If Grahams self serving, horrific hateful assault on American families passe it will be remembered as a deeply cruel day in America.
get over it and start working on stuff we need---like Trump removed from office!
It's deeaadddddd
How can I put this respectfully, considering negative impact on the people and patients (based on CBO and independent experts)? 
BULL SHIT!
.operate stat.....patient repeal just died lack of interest @SenJohnMcCain
That's a terrible plan
No. It lacks essential coverage for pre-existing conditions and punishes the states that actually took care of their people.
at times you're lucid, then you go all Mr Hyde. Fix or leave poor folk's HC alone. It's like you hate them
ARE YOU REALLY GOING TO DO THIS SHIT AGAIN???????
When you had to ask what 'medically fragile' meant, that was PROOF POSITIVE that you haven't a clue what you're doing. BACK OFF H/C. NOW!!!
It better not pass.  It's an abomination.
Nope.
IT ABSOLUTELY SHOULD NOT.  SHAME ON ALL OF YOU.  LET THE BILL DIE, NOT US.   STOP.
No. It should not pass. It's crap.
I don't believe ANYTHING you say or do!
You are complicit in all of this countries current negative approach!
Maybe you should #resign
Lindsey, you bounce up and down in my estimation faster than a katydid with hemorrhoids.
Why can't you do the right thing and not pivot back??
No, Senator, it should not.
It's really hard to believe and you guys anymore to believe in anything that you say
God you @GOP people are pathetically inadequate. It's an if you want to end up in the MINORITY again. That way you can truly #DoNothing.

If it doesn't get rid of the individual and business mandates, Obamacare's damage will increase exponentially. Save the Republic and liberty
Hope it dies
FIX THE ACA!
Lol re-read that tweet sir?
Single payer
Move on. People by now know "repeal and replace" was all bullshit. It's time to get on to other work.
Move on? No. Unlike you commies, we don't want Americans to suffer. We support freedom. Free markets. Liberty. Capitalism.
Open season for Obamacare everyone.  They took the money away from ads and gave it to the wall.
Go away
Please help fix #ACA.
Sincerely, someone who is sick and fucking tired of hearing that "more choices means better care"
Isn't covering all of our citizens at a lower total cost while not sacrificing our medical expertise a good thing?
To a logical person, that makes sense. But why do you, as a person that I respect and admire (I'm a pretty liberal guy), dislike the idea?
I'm only asking because independent research has literally shown that it would save us money and the quality of care would remain the same.
No it shouldn't and if you listened to the American people you would stop.
G-C won't pass unless 2018 elect. brings some functional adults to Congress.
Nope - terrible plan
But wish you hadn't supported Trump's decision to end #DACA.

Pushing him to leave exec order in place would've bought time for G-C to pass.
Says you & no one else. Forget REPEAL and work together to improve ACA.
Are you guys that fearful of being primaried?  Keep the Koch's/big money out of politics, do what's right and things will work out 4 d best
A legislative solution is preferable to exec order.

It would safeguard Dreamers from whims of whoever replaces 45.
please stop trying to destroy us. Use your powers for good.
Yes, it should, but Congress can't even pass gas 
Like every other law you idiots write, it's about what you "permit" people to do. How about limiting your power and not ours?
Lindsey, please stop trying to take away healthcare and throwing wrenches into efforts to fix it. You're not helping.
So make it happen sir. Get to deal making and end the "All or nothing" mentality poisoning Congress now.
No!! No!! No!!
Could, would, should have never accomplished anything-never will. Dream Act-filibustered twice 2013 immigration reform not voted on in house
Due to congress lack of action/failure to lead President Obama created DACA in order to help those who thru no fault on their part r here.
Bc u r a flip flopping fake public servant.  When u grow a pair & a spine like Obama had, then maybe the PEOPLE will support u.
don't we have more pressing matters to attend to?
What we need is a single payer system for everyone including you folks with the Cadillac plans.This Chinese menu option singles out poor.
But ... it's the 21st century and ppl want and need health insurance !
As long as there is no language suggestive of forced organ donations from poor ppl go ahead and improve it !
*How Sweet It Is*  https://youtu.be/Vw0TaZhvKes 
 JackieGleason 
You should have had a woman senator assist and sponsor. They need to be at the table from beginning to end.
No. It should not.
The things you do just disappoint me & make me shake my head anymore.
Nah
If the article is accurate on the contents of the bill, then its not a bad bill at all.  I say get it into committee pronto, and debate.
Ugh, give it up. It's over. Trump is a democrat now. 
No. No to graham Cassidy.  No.
Nope
But it won't.
Well I will say again: as long as there are hearings, debate and vote then let's look at it. Of course need hospital/doctor/insurance input
Yes. Pass it!!!!!!!!!!!!
No one wants a total repeal. Did you miss all the town halls? The protests? The voice of the American people?
Take away ACA how will all those displaced people who don't have jobs now get healthcare with all the contamination the @GOP allow in water?
People are tired of the greedy @GOP coming after their healthcare. Look at Texas and Florida. Government can be beneficial sometimes.
No.
Just when I think you truly care about people, you prove the "he's just a hack" theory once again. 

#VoteBlue
It might pass if John Mccain doesn't have a say
Wrong
No it should not pass Dont you have more impotant covering up for Trump Sr and Trump Jr to do Since that seem that seems to be your mission
You might wanna check your boss's tweets.

Will it put the poor in Red States in peril by allowing their governors to refuse those nasty Federal funds that help people?
It won't sport, should you not be concentrating on the fact that @realDonaldTrump is Putin's puppet???
Wrong
I don't think so Senator give it a rest already and work on tax reform.
No. No, it should not.
