Well said Mr. Graham!! This is the right message. Unfortunately, your glorious leader undermines your efforts. #POTUSSR
PS - John McCain is in our thoughts.  He's a true American hero and has served your  country with dignity.
Blaaaah to you!  He, McCain, Collins, and Capito are only Repubs In Senate to put COUNTRY over party!
Party before country? This is about foreigners not citizens. The country is comprised of its citizens. He puts foreigners above citizens.
If you're native American, I agree, otherwise, you're all foreigners...
Nope, the Indians were conquered. At some point even they weren't "natives" genius.
Yep, you're a forenigner...the truth is sometimes hard to acknowledge. Foreigner. #POTUSSR
When are you going to introduce legislation that limits the length of time you scoundrels can be in office damaging our country?  Resign.
Boom . Love it!  Yes .@POTUS let's have Term limits for these life long criminals representing we the people.
.This is one of the points that got Trump elected and they should have passed that immediately.  These jackasses are holding us hostage!
There are term limits...it's called voting.
We need term limits because there are only two parties - both Ds and Rs become too powerful to get out of office!
Power corrupts.  Absolute power corrupts absolutely!
When your support of criminals AKA "dreamers" comes to the @POTUS it will be vetoed. #AmericaFirst #MAGA #DeportALLIllegals #DreamAct
Except DREAMERS aren't criminals, they're children who are American born and know nothing but American tradition, principles, and values.
They were raised here enjoying tax payer funded education free food & healthcare. They must go to their home country. No More enabling.
American citizens are entitled to reap the benefits of the tax system they pay in on.
The dreamers aren't citizens. They are illegals. You can't read. Their parents work with stolen SSN's etc.
You're incorrect! not Americans, here illegally. You need to study the laws you accuse others of not following! You will b voted out!
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC ?? How are you a @GOP @SenateGOP ?? ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS HAVE NO CITIZENSHIP HERE. Aka: OUR CONSTITUTION is not THEIRS!
U let them grow up and contribute w/ no accountability. Retire... please for America.
quit calling them dreamers. they are here illegally. just come out as a dem already. your time is coming to an end. old gop is dead
How can you do this the American people? My sister has a glioblastoma butbshe won't get the treatment your friend John Mc will get! Vote No!
What about legal kids, sir? legal is new illegal? @WeAreSIIA @helpSiiA #70years wait for #gc for legal immigrants #ageout
Thank you Congressman.
He's a senator!
.@LindseyGrahamSC Absolutely not!  These people are in the country, illegally.  They need to be within their own country with family.
I agree 100% Rhonda. If they want to become Americans, then get in line and do it legally.
i cant wait til sc votes this asshat rino out.
Are these the same ones waving Mexican flags while protesting? Chanting anti American epitaphs?
Deport! Your rino crap was voted down @POTUS  was voted in. RESIGN TRAITOR! #HYPOCRITE Take your  nightmares not dreamers shove them.#MAGA
My kids have dreams too. Represent your constituents not those of foreign countries. You can't save the world when your house is on fire.
How did he get rich on a public servants salary?
#Congress=Crooks
#Congress = #Crooks #Senate = #Crooks
Then do it WITHOUT our tax dollars....NO special benefits....why should they get more than AMERICAN kids do..always a step ahead from others
they can go home and build a country up with their own sweat and dreams- don't have to leech off Americans
It's funny because if the dream act passed I will probably contribute more Than you. Leach my ass
Thank you for supporting #DreamAct
You're showing your true colors more amnesty from another liberal
Wrong. They do not 'love' our country; they have been raised to 'take' from our country. They need to go home & improve their own countries.
Do us all a favor and resign!
Wrong, cuckold.
USA is full.
They've got to go back.
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC for reaching across the aisle and proving GOP and Dems can work together!
How about repairing ACA first!! 
Yes, allow Dreamers to stay in this country! #DreamAct
You can pay my share of taxes for them to stay. I'll send you my tax bill!!!
Apparently you have misplaced your dictionary, let me help you out. 

@ICEgov
I keep asking people what it is about the word illegal they don't understand and never get a response
This is a meaningful step forward.  Thank you Senator Graham for your willingness to lead on the issue.
LMAO! Says the Immigration Lawyer as he doesn't want his $ messed with they are nothing but low lives taking advantage of Latin Ppl!
How about supporting the kids born here legally. #Congress is so self-serving you have no clue as to what's going on in the real world.
Have you been to an Antifa rally lately?
You're absolutely autistic if you think "dreamers" love this country. 
And those of us with pre-existing conditions need the ACA! REPAIR it! 
Why haven't the older ones already gone thru legal process to become citizens?
#dreamact
The last thing on American's minds. So out of touch.
Thank you Sir , history never forgot great men.
Dreamers are illegals whose parents conspired to drive up the cost of education and drive down wages. They must go.
Iindsey must go! You are anti American
Vote him out
Please resign. We are Making America Great Again without your support.

Bye bye Ms. Graham!  Deep down you know you're going to be voted out, dont you?  Watch it happen.
Two wrongs dont make a right. #1 illegal invaders brought kids here, #2 Obama let them stay in illegal Dreamer EO violates immigration law.
Just do your job & repeal Obamacare, then you can move on to working on tax issues. Citizens issues are first priority not illegal invaders.
are  you for it or against it? cannot tell you waffle and backstab so often..
That's not true. I support Trump, but as far as immigration, I don't support sending Latino children back to So. America.
You are a globalist and a traitor of USA and you don't deserve to be senator. You are fighting for foreign citizens not US citizens.
Are you stating that other forms of Government stifle the talents of those within their own borders? Is our culture better?
Yes stupid cracker,Graham! While they send their checks home to Mexico, they call Mexico home !
Graham is a traitor. McCain started the Trump investigation by giving Comey a FAKE DOSSIER. Graham urged McCain to start this treason.
If they love this country, they will respect it's laws.  They must go out and apply for #citizenship, as required by United States law.
Strange to hear somebody beg to be thrown out of the senate.. 'careful what you wish for' @ LindseyGrahamSC
We voted to deport all illegals your clearly on the wrong side of things so bye bye see you in nov ,, your out !!
They don't love this country. If they did, they wouldn't be eager to vote for Democrats. We should deport them and their parents, too.
Anchor babies are a huge drain on our resources!  We have provided enough for them & their parents. Enough is enough.
no Obama let these people in with no papers.They lied about there age.Our country is made up of legal immigrants not illegals.
our country does not want these people here.They are illegals that belong in there own country.Most lied about there age and you fell for it
My daughter grew up with many "dreamers". They HATE this country, and they hate YOU, white man. SEND THEM BACK.
Growing up here doesn't make them #Americans. Not being Americans makes them not American. #Cuck #CuckLegislator #UnAmerican
And vote Democrat and forever change the landscape of America into a third world shithole...it's their culture
it sounds good lets take care of poor children that there criminal parents taught them not to respect our laws, you are a sorry ass.
So you'll be sending them back to Mexico or whatever country they invaded from? #NoAmnesty
...immigration & strong border security. We hate ur Gang of Eight bill that sells out Americans. South Carolina, vote this traitor out!
...illegal aliens violate our federal immigration laws, u want to reward them. Why the double standard? Americans are for lower legal...
...majority of Americans are against amnesty. Tell me Lindsey, when an American citizen breaks federal laws u want them prosecuted. When...
American citizen children are Dreamers too. Stop putting foreigners bf citizens. And it's far more than 30% that disagree with you. Vast...
we the people of SC cannot wait to vote you OUT
When you ask people not to vote for you I hope they heed your advice and run a better Republican.
Who is paying you to say this?  Sellout.
Ok.  You're out! Lindsey Graham: Vote Me Out If You Oppose Amnesty and Outsourcing - Breitbart http://bit.ly/2vKq3zG  via @BreitbartNews
BS..you care less about American young people...you care about ILLEGALS ..PC vote didn't work for HRC won't work for you..#MAGA

"Old man" using that noun loosely
why more legal immigrants?
Just say no to DACA and his bs. Illegal aliens should not get amnesty.  This legislation allows all family nembers in!
Tell me why the health care isn't resolved yet your pushing to help illegals?  This is a good reason why many want you out
no more Dream Act #BantheDreamAct
What about working for American citizens 1st? Don't u have enough on ur plate before illegals? Such as healthcare, taxes, infrastructure
Dude,  just switch over to the democrats already.  You like illegals more than U.S. citizens.
you are sadly misguided
No, Your Constitution Defying, lawless attempt to seize American Citizen's Sovereignty on behalf of Illegal Aliens is a Treasonous Disgrace
What about immigration enforcement legislation. We've have none in the interior.mandate everify.end birth citizenship.y et u want amnesty.
NEVER!  Sorry you take this stance.It is time for you to be voted out!

Then you pay for it and leave me the hell alone.
The bad thing is this act has been killed so many times since 2001 it would be a dream if they could get it passsd
Once again, "your" legislation that is so important to you ignores American taxpayers. Fix ur good friend Obama's healthcare. #MAGA - resign
Repeal and replace @LindseyGrahamSC  !!!!
Honorable man you are!
If they "love this country" so much, why do we endure flag waving of THEIR homeland? Doesn't convince me to be charitable to them.
WHY are you are pandering 2 them? DACA= DEMOCRATS ADMIRERS CONQUERING AMERICA Iisten 2 them they hate TRUMP & Criticize AMERICA in MSM daily
@polNewsForever He w/ their votes, I understand w/ they speak on Spanish channels , they wear T-shirts saying this is our land He knows it !
No amnesty before the wall. We keep doing the same thing and expecting different results. Crazy.
No,no,no! Nope. Is it your goal to oppose Americans and side with foreigners or are you being paid to undermine the country?
Build the wall/fence first. Then we'll know you're serious about border security. 
No amnesty without border security. 
#NoAmnesty
What part of the wishes of the people you represent do you support What part of the Republican philosophy do you support.
This is why you can never get over the 1 or 2% support mark
Why are they always displaying Mexican flags?
Then why are you allowing tRump to deport law abiding undocumented citizens rather than give a path to citizenship? Party over country
Please you Must Vote No on the HC Bill - it will kill our friends , neighbors, relatives 
- sick elderly & innocent born with conditions
RINO
Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye https://youtu.be/jsaTElBljOE  via @YouTube
I forsee a primary in your future....
Can we get a petition to force your resignation?
5) in environments like this: Calif, Texas, Arizona; don't take liberty of opining on #DACA! Parents broke law, they knew it, no benefits!
3) translators for law enforcement, courts, welfare, govt offices. Until you've lived, worked, had kids in school, tried to function ...4)
2) lingual requirements down to kindergarten. You DON'T know burden to taxpayers for all of this! Free tuition for illegals. ... 2)
You DON'T know how many illegal aliens take places of legal citizens in colleges/universities. You DON'T know harm done from bi-  ... 1)
HOW MANY of these so-called "dreamers" are there in So Caro?! In So Cal, there are many thousands! You know nothing about impact!
As American citizens r put at back of line. My young people top of class watch illegals w 2.5 gpa get scholarships.  No $$$ for mine
Do you want the election fraud to continue as well?  You're directly against @POTUS agenda.
Contribute?
#DreamAct should never be prioritized over my kid. Its not in the Constitution.  Appeasing and encouraging bad behaviour.   #parasites
Real Americans suffer because of them, freebies from real Americans, they give this to America fool 
The great American experiment is still an issue in doubt after 250 yrs. Can people of different races & religions live as a single people?
And put Lindsey on the other side of it.
Look Senator, the GOP doesn't like you.  They are calling you a traitor. How about going independent and caucusing with the Dems?
Make sure your guards are always with you Lindsey bcuz these ppl you protect are DANGEROUS.  We don't have guards like you do.
Go away!!
Thank you for this!! Deporting someone who came here illegally as a child by no choice of his/her own is cruel, and this is common sense.
How is it cruel? It's the law. We are a nation of laws not feelings.
Also of morals.
We apply our laws fairly and equally. You basing this as cruel is not justified. They need to leave with there parents.
*Their. No case is the same, everybody's situation is different. Agree to disagree.
Agree but to claim you are a.innocent nonstandard to a crime you participate in does not make you less guilty
Again, agree to disagree
No. You are wrong on every issue. America cannot wait to vote your behind out of office.
Damn, Lindsey, you say the stupidest stuff. Seems like you get the daily pre-published DNC talking points and then rush to share with media.
If Dreamers' extended families aren't allowed into the US, it won't be such a serious problem, but "family reunification" is Dem's priority!
If you are born in America then you are an American. Come on people surely you know this.
How can we help?
Hmm a good message. Thank you.
I'm a Republican that would potentially support that bill. But, I will not commit or comment until AFTER I READ the bill.
Obi graham kenobi, you're our only hope. When will you start talking impeachment?  #StopTheMadness #pleasesaveUS
No dreamer act !!!
How about American children?What have you done for them?
Whole lot of sad folks on this thread. Good thing they are still the minority. Do what's right @LindseyGrahamSC and impeach while ur at it!
Food stamps precipitation lowest in 7 years,could it be Illegals are not taking them in hopes of not being deported.Looks like a win,win.
Ok... one stays you go in their place deal.
You lost the race for the WH in part because you and the GOP are no different than the DNC, the establishment swamp.
Remove Trump from office...we want our democracy back. Our dreamers are as much a part of us as you and me. Please don't bury your head!
How about impeachment proceedings that will allow these young people to see the brilliance of the Constitution?
Looney RINO on the loose. You'll never be re-elected
Ya sure they do
Deport all anchor babies
We the People who put President Trump in Office will have You OUT we want illegal Criminals deported NO #DreamAct !
Yes! Thank you!
@POTUS #RINO alert. Time to find someone who believes in the #Constitution and #ruleOfLaw 
#AmericaFirst
make sure it passes Lindsey. I will take back some of the bad stuff I've said about you.
Resign Lindsay. You were desimated in the primaries for a reason. You're actions have been un-American. Wish you'd be investigated.
Word in #DC #Columbia #Charleston #LGBT clubs is Senatorita Lindsay has hots for hot young Latino house boys ⚣ #LindseyGraham #sctweets #gay
I'm pretty sure giving so called "dreamers" a pass just encourages the next illegal alien to give birth here.
Thank you Sen Graham!
Awesome sir but the president is focused on getting pardoned and pardoning fam and @GOP Needs to start moving for his removal. Game over!
Luv your heart&conscience.The #Dreamers grew up here & act more American& Christian than many Americans.What would Jesus do?Same as you. TY
Illegal immigration must stop. Enforce the laws on the books or change them. The do nothing Senate needs to earn their keep.
Who Knew LG would become one of my heroes in this saga....
Wow! I didn't see you doing this @LindseyGrahamSC but I'm VERY happy to hear. Thank you!
Senator Graham, you can lead impeachment talks and be the Saviour. Do it for the people and for your friend John McCain!
#cult45 is vicious! They hate people who were brought to the USA as children. It's sickening.
ICE is terrorizing families. I have friends working in schools CA, FL & NJ their stories of families & kids afraid are sad. Wrong approach.
Thank you for showing more compassion and empathy than the Trump trolls who hate any kind action.
Compassionate @GOP once it existed both Presidents Reagan & Bush HW understood the value & reality of those here illegally. Look it up.
They don't love this country! Just what they can take from it! Their not immigrants their criminals! Most are gang members and drug dealers!
Grow a spine n balls get rid of traitor @realDonaldTrump  we the ppl deserve betta #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussia
By contrast a lot of terrorism in Europe are from poorly integrated muslim communities who feel their countrymen don't love them.
Thank you Senator for showing humanity and compassion on this very important issue.
No. We should deport every last illegal alien, which includes dreamers. They can go dream in their country of origin.
Obviously you are out of touch with your constituents if you think the dream act is a good idea.
@USMC_Michaels you think it makes sense to deport young educated folks who knows no other country than here?
How about standing with the American people.
corporate donors (Kochs) are making you support weak ass Amnesty. U r #AntiWhite & not #AmericaFirst. can i stay ILLEGALLY in mexico?
And you want us to believe there's only 11 million.
no they can dream of getting deported back to wherever. they had all these years before trump to be legalized ; it's 2 late now Cocksuckers
Terrific the hear this from you Senator. America is "the bright shining light on the hill."
They broke the law once. And there will do it again
