My belief in the patriotism of the GOP,once my party, is gone bec party is allowing him to play President when the stakes are so high.
This GOP has put party over country, doesn't give a damn about its constituents & now fails to act when lives are in danger! #ImpeachTrump
So depressing.
Let's not allow the unstable one in the WH to have access to the nuclear code
What about the unstable provocative leader of the US #Impotus #45* @HouseGOP @JoeNBC @LouiseMensch
Sen. Graham,you finally dropped the last ball as far as we're concerned.We have an unstable leader in trump as well.
And Trumps highly volatile rhetoric also puts us in those crosshairs. What are you going to do about it?
I'm gonna ammo up and sit in Georgia just don't come here from the north to get away from the nucs that might hit Ny or Boston
Oh,you'll be dead holding gun as the cloud spreads out death far&wide; famine,nuclear winter..
What about the unstable provocative leader of the US?
We Canadians are on the missiles way... By the way... so let's speak about North-Americans.
No one is disputing that senator. The problem is the way OUR unstable immature president has handled the situation. Can't you see that?
I served in SK for many years. Some people only understand force. Go ahead and run liberal p@ssy.
State your thoughts without attacking. You fighting for our country is what gives us our freedom of opinion. I truly thank you from my
You attacked our president. Trump is doing great. Kim tortures and murders people. Trump did not. The world is not moral relativism.
I don't like a MAN that is making terrible decisions. It's just that simple. You have your opinion I have mine have a great day
kind of too late Linds
it is our unstable leader that puts us at risk
REV. CATCH & RELEASE...UNTIL U WEAR OUT YOUR ENEMY. TO CONQUER AN ENEMY U MUST CONQUER HIS WILL OR BREAK HIS WILL TO RESIST U!
COR. PI HU TIAO JIANG. DO NOT CORNOR A TIGER!
Unstable, provocative...... I thought you were referring to someone else.  Wonder how the rest of the world describes POTUS.
U pulled a 30 year dick now u still patting ur self on ur own back ! Not tough not impressed actually sad 4 u ! Let the conservs down man
What about the unstable provocative leader of the USA !?
Referring to trump,right?
Can we discuss America's "unstable, provocative leader"?
Cannot allow U.S. to put every American in crosshairs by unstable provocative leader OF U.S.
What the heck is a provocative leader anyways someone who states what he is thinking. I thought we all have free speech
No, it means someone who is being aggressive unnecessarily...
You've been in the Senate since 2003. That's 14 years of possibilities. Let's build on your work thus far then. Please lead.
I'd prefer he please leave.
Right,right!
And how many human lives lost due to this action??
Aren't you a part of the government? Get to work!

Love it,so true.
Why not, we have an unstable provocative leader in the US. Both are immature, narcissistic and neither should be near a nuclear launch code.
No it doesn't LG, not anymore than we already are from other nations. Until NK starts killing as many people as we do, we need to back off
Trump wants to go to war to save him and his family from facing justice for all his crimes.  He is in self preservation mode.
Your inflammatory rhetoric is reckless and dangerous-especially in moments like these.  #VoteHimOut in #2020
By unstable and provocative leader you mean Trump I'm assuming?
I am not rattled by your fear speak.   2018. Change is coming.
There is no difference between Trump and KJU. They're both power hungry fools. Stop Trump.
Please help the us, we don't like his, my dick's bigger then your dick ways!
Ya make sure after you put in provocative leader you say NK because we all could think it's DT.
as if that what this is about. #liars #overit #ego #hehasreturned #thewarisnotyours #yourhearts #wherechristresides #inyourminds #believe
Instead we're in the crosshairs of a nuclear attack started by our own unstable provocative leader. #trumptastrophe
At least one congressman gets it
You don't think the US also has an unstable and provocative leader??? Lives are at stake because of this pissing contest. Put an end to it.
#Complicit party over people
But, we are going to let DT's statements put Americans and allies in the crosshairs of a nuclear attack. All about his ego!
You need to put a muzzle on POTUS mouth and cut his fingers off! Dictator in the making!!!
If our Congress refuses to act on articles of impeachment, we'll know their more interested in pushing their policies than safety of America
It's the election of Trump that motivated them, just look at the progress they've made in the last 6 months, they saw weakness and chance.
What about our unstable and provocative leader?
We are already in that situation it's called Trump
So let's start WWIII then, shall we? Your leader is unstable and is going to get us all killed.
U and every other senator let this happen. U r all a bunch of do nothing legislators.
Don't always agree with you, but thank you for your commitment to ending that despicable regime in Korea
So you need congress to improve relations with Russia but don't need it to kill on a massive scale? Go figure. Are you nuts!
You supported W Bush pulling out of treaty negotiations with NK set forth by Clinton? You know- when they didn't have thermonuclear weapons?
In the meantime GOP allowing unstable provocative leader of USA to continue on his merry way.
Not any different than trump. Two peas in a pod
Russia Russia Russia.
Wag the Dog! Trump is the crazy one don't give him the power to distract
What about our *unstable* leader?  #25thAmendmentNow
Every American is ALREADY in the crosshairs of attack by an unstable provocative "leader" of the US, #lazyboyTrump #FakePresRealTraitor
And what about the unstable, provocative "leader" of this country, the one who's "mentally ready" to go to war?  That doesn't bother you?
Cannot allow two children to one up one another at America, Guam, Japan.. Expense.
Get the maniac out of our own WH.
Yes, you're right, of course, but what about the crazy unfit President we have? #25thAmendmentNow
You and your group had many years to stop this and did NOTHING.  This is on Obama and all of you!
So how to you suggest we do this, Senator? (By the way, thanks for standing up to Trump!)
Kim isn't the only unstable provocative leader on the planet. Another is enjoying a working vacation at his NJ property at our expense.
Then get smart and put an adult in the White House. The time has come. @GOP continues to put all of us in danger. Step up.
WHO has verified this NK information??? NK has been threatening USA for YEARS. Be Aware & don't allow #GOP to make foolish decisions on war.
I love that you had to specify "of NK" since people wouldn't be sure who you meant... 
Need to use the diplomacy that is now taking place.
You have a fool in your White House, & you talk about nukes in North K
US is a danger to the world. GOP would have impeached Obama Clinton
The democratic system will finally take u out. Ineffective for so long.  U were the best of the worst.
Why are you sitting idly by while the unstable provocative leader of the US to put every American in the crosshairs of a nuclear attack?
Let's contain a prez mouth; thinks he's capable of Détente; he's not; u know it; now world knows it. We have diplo channels; or did.
Senator, DPRK is the correct acronym for North Korea FYI
Really What About the One Here ?  Let's Check Your STOCK Portfolio  Little to Eager
So, Are you flying to the Korean Peninsula to serve beside our and SK's Armed Services when DPRK rains artillery onto Seoul?
We were doing just fine with the diplomatic approach....then Sir Golfsalot came along and ruined America
You work for a Mad King
And an unstable provocative leader like you or Trump is supposed to get us "out" of the crosshairs? Is that it? #LOL
why don't you show some some real leadership? Fill those posts and stop advocating for a war that will be catastrophic.
You have put the entire US nuclear arsenal in the hands of an unstable provocative leader as well.
here's an idea. Why don't you advocate filling all those empty diplomatic and state department posts that are still empty?
which American city are you willing to sacrifice first? Blue California? Maybe Guam? Have you lost your mind?
are you advocating that we embark on a nuclear war that would kill millions of innocent South Koreans and countless others?
You have no children, no wife, no husband, no living legacy...YOU GO to WAR!
Wait...what about our unstable provocative leader????  
Say again... which unstable provocative leader?  Trump makes Kim look sane.  You know it and we all fear it.
What about the unstable, provocative 'leader' of the USA? Our standing in world is horrible! He lies CONSTANTLY sooo NOBODY believes him!!
Even considering the use of nuclear weapons is, surely, a sign of mental illness?
Please defend us against the unstable provocative leader of the USA.
More concerned about the unstable provocative leader of the US. Surely we're smart enough to outsmart NK without dropping bombs???
Cool. Now, what do you want to do about it?
Your lack support #POTUS agendas is treason !
We can not allow POTUS to provoke idiots...Trump's rhetoric is NOT helpful...it literally plays into NK paranoia.
Unstable provocative leader...hmmmm
Manufactured crisis. Shame on you and DJT.
Yes but DJT strategy is just stirring the pot! He's going to launch nukes without congressional approval
Untrained children with guns often ends in tragedy. Nukes are no different.
Our guy needs to shut up, North Korea isn't suicidal.
hopefully ur president will mature before he gets us in a war with NK.  Put a leach on him so that he stops barking!
For a minute I thought you were talking about Chump!
Shut up Lindsey
What about our unstable provocative leader?
Maybe if the snowflakes would get on their knees and beg for their lives KJU would lighten up, making DT's job a lot easier.
What about the unstable Bozo in the White House
How about the unstable provocative leader of US?
Why would  rest of world be put in nuke crosshairs by likes of this gentleman everytime fundamentally disagree with US?
This has fester for 60 years. China benefited from nuc tech GER gave JPN who put it there. K-War was only effort to get it out of there.
One crazy leader shouldn't taunt another crazy leader.
But South Koreans and Japanese? Eh....
Absolutely Senator!
Did Trump write you a check Lindsey? Don't encourage this nut job!
Start a war . . . Make our evil dictator look like a hero...yeah.  Your boots on the ground first Mr. Graham.
i think he just wants to be part of the nuke club like Pakistan and India.
Makes me wish we had a real president.
*We* are saying that about us
I think this all happened under Mr Obamas and Mr Clintons watch as well as GW Bush let's take em out we are still at war anyways
then i guess all of u so elected officials who's #1 PRIORITY is 2 protect every citizen & this nation better get off ur asses & do something
Provocative and unstable?? Have you heard your president speak lately?!?!?? #getreal
That's what they used to say about China too. What's the solution? Attacking them now? Deeper sanctions?
Your so-called leader is probably the most dangerous person in decades for the whole rest of the planet. Think about it.
How about those Terrorist Linds,my situation here,YOU helping to CLEAR that UP or you like me KEPT here without my money TOO??Dora
Said that a couple years ago when he was just pointing Missals at US,Take out the platform and make him start all over!NOW it's gone Nuclear
Regime change never works. Talk about refugees!  NK is NOT going to attack the U. S. unless we attack them first. Stop talking.
Thoughtful article. http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/07/24/how-to-take-down-kim-jong-un-215411 …
Thanks. The end of the regime must come from within. I heard this same pt on BBC yesterday from another NK expert. Information is the key.
"Opioid nation," "unemployment," "homelessness," "racism," and a myriad other ills; topping all else, a divided nation. Is Graham serious?
Are you in favor of a preemptive nuclear strike?  Do you think that is the solution?
Unfortunately, a preemptive strike - not necessarily a preemptive nuclear strike, will be needed if intel shows NK has nuke capability
How does our stance in NK assest Russia because that is what is motivating Trump who cannot be trusted to protect American interests.
Trump is just trying to scare us and sway news away from his crimes.  But I have no doubt he'd act on his threats and endanger us.
Awesome so let's just nuke them, we can kill billions, wow so proud
Stop talking.
Our so-called president is just as unstable and provocative. Come on senator.  You know that.
Have you been sleeping for the last eight years?  What a looser....
Take care of them Lindsey, we're running out of capable people to keep us safe and 45 is insane.
Interesting that @LindseyGrahamSC had to end the tweet with "...of NK" So we know who he is referring to.
Lindsey suit up ! Go help ! Some of us have grandkids that we want to have time with !
Public provocation will force NK leader into a strike or lose face and control of his regime. A multi national coalition is essential.
How come President Obama wasn't bringing the US to the brink of war in his entire 8 years? DT has been in office for just 7 months and look.
INCLUDING the unstable provocative leader of the US.
Donald Trump is putting every American in crosshairs of a nuclear attack because he's the unstable provocative leader of the US.
So what do u suggest Senator? There's no substance in your comment.
SO I SHOULD BE DEFENDING MYSELF....MINOR MIRROR TO LHL THE EVIL GENIUS!
I AM THE NK LEADER,,,,
How about we can't allow a pissing match between 2 crazy immature leaders first!!!  SHUT HIM UP!
TO BAILOUT HIMSELF ON THE OUTSIDE! OR TO GUILT ME INTO SAYING HE'S NOT UNSTABLE OR PROVOCATIVE....
A good start would be to muzzle the Great Pumpkin in the WH.
But what about the unstable provocative leader of the US? Bummer it's not President Graham making the call.
Unstable, provocative. Reminds me of our leader potus
How bout the unstable provocative "leader" in the WH?! #fireandfury? #ImpeachTrump He'll nuke 2 distract #TrumpRussia! JESUS DO SOMETHING!
What about our own unstable provocative leader of the US?  He needs to stand down and let quiet, firm diplomacy exhaust all efforts first.
Oh wait, you meant their unstable leader. Got it.
What about our unstable provocative idiot in the White house???
Time to DO the Goldwater walk into the Oval or on the 9th hole! #ImpeachTrumpNow
We cannot have our Baby Huey president put AMERICA in harms way with his egocentric, bullish words. He has escalated this. Smash his CELL
We have our own unstable provocative leader with nuclear capabilities to worry about. No anxiety at all here in the US
Did you suffer a stroke while writing this? Seek medical attention.
You should listen to these comments cause none are ranting.  Didn't read all but not insulting you either. United in view.
We are in crosshairs because of Trump. You know this lindsey. Do something about him.
"Unstable provocative leader of US, you mean..."
Wow just stop. Quit fear mongering to excuse your buddy for his incompetences. I use to kind of like you but you're drinking Trump's koolaid
donald trump's mental instability puts every American in the crosshairs of a nuclear attack by another mentally unstable wing nut. #dementia
deflect attention from Russian probe is trumps MO until Republicans take off their Blinders trump ruining everyone's agenda Impeach djt Now
What about the unstable leader of America?
Let's nuke that little egg roll in NK

I agree. So what do you propose?
Too late. Have you considered what will happen to the South Koreans and US military people there if you attack NK?
What about our unstable provocative leader?  Get a grip Lindsey.
Please please don't let two whack jobs and their yes men start lobbing nukes to prove who's is bigger.
trump doesn't care about he people. He wasnts war to boost his ratings..only. hes not making AMERICA GREAST. HE'S MAKING IT WORSE.
What are you going to do about our own provocative and spontaneous leader. He needs to stop the off-the-top-of-his-head threats.
Please don't leave a mentally challenged person (DJT) to make any desicions on how to handle this situation.  IT WILL BE IRRESPONSIBLE.
If you think Trump is "mentally ready" for this, u should ride the bomb as it's dropped like in Dr. Strangelove
We have the same unstable leader here to@
we also have an unstable leader and that is the problem  You guys need to do something about him.
We cannot allow the 2 countries leading bullies to bully us into WW3.
Cannot allow our own crazy despot the right to start a war
I'd feel much better if you and your GOP cohorts were focusing on the unstable & provocative "leader" here in the USA.
"unstable provocative leader"?

No to mention our unstable provocative leader!!
Why do you continue to support trump; he himself is unstable and provocative
Please stop. You are becoming Trump Jr. Seriously no one wants to be Jr.
But you can allow an unhinged psychopath to be president?  You have to remove him with 25th amend.  Call Ryan and have them start b 4 we die
This president is uncontrollable! GET RID OF HIM SOON!!!!!!
When another fool decided to attack Iraq in 2003 NK and Iran knew that there was no yellow cake and decided to step up their nuclear program
Please lead congress to stop Trump from getting people killed! Enough is enough!
Fixed it:Cannot allow every American in crosshairs of a nuclear attack by unstable provocative leader of US
I greatly respect you Senator. Truly I do, but our leader appears to be no more stable than theirs.
Can you work with president Trump?  Do so we need to move forward not live in the past!
That is priceless. Any law put in effect to stop future cash play/stop extortion of banks goes to treasury not political non profits
All talk....thats all you have ever done....come up with a plan, that does not include war....or be quiet.
yeah yeah, blah blah blah. Time to do something about your own madman, Lindsey!
Every American is in the the crosshairs of a nuclear attack through our own unstable leader.
Cannot allow unstable provocative leader of US, @POTUS lead us.
