Unlike you
And you and your fellow Republicans stand by and let them erode. So was their sacrifice for nothing?
Keep undermining OUR President and you will find yourself on the same ash heap as Obama you worthless no good politician. We will not forget
if you feel this way, please take action and revoke Kushner's security clearance
You have no honor and you disrespect every person who has died protecting our freedom by protecting Trump and Russian Coup d'Etat. Shame...

Thanks to all our Soldiers. 

Not something any GOP "leader" would do. https://twitter.com/BraddJaffy/status/869222821746102272 …
Congressmen/women who call themselves Judeo-Christians who support  LYING PARTY members Above The LAW ARE MOCKING GOD/BIBLE! Destiny-HELL
Did those heroes die so Russians can interfere in US Elections as they please? Why don't u condemn the Russians? Where's ur concern for US?
Please let @realDonaldTrump make the ultimate sacrifice.
You should honor the original veterans by enforcing the Emoluments Clause. 25K people died so we weren't owned by a foreign power.
#Trumprussia is the only thing that matters this Memorial Day. You cannot honor fallen soldiers while supporting a man sold to Russia.
Russia, Russia, Russia, is all fake news...well except Hillary selling them 20% of our uranium...#MAGA
Oh, Samantha....bless your heart.
You should do more than tweet to honor them. #helpourvets
Sen. Graham actively honors our heroic soldiers, deceased + living. He's retired AF Colonel, supports troops + defends democracy in DC. Amen
The last thing I need today is some crazy hair Christian spouting bullshit
Well, bless your heart.
#FusionGPS is THE STORY
Our heroes died PROTECTING #USA
Opposition research firm #FakeRussia MANIPULATING #FBI #Congress
You are dishonoring our heroes by supporting a President that is diminishing our stature in the world.  Wake up Senator.
You and most of your Senate colleagues forgot to mention the two hero's who died in Portland OR standing up to a domestic terrorist :(
US without Europe is a weakened America : 
Where are the reasonable Conservatives??
YES! SAD also that YOU are NOT willing to TRULY begin fighting a war ALL humans are & will suffer from-#ClimateChangeAgreement
You have no right to associate yourself with these men and women.  You do something for the USA.
But we are going to cut their families food stamps and their benefits. Wow.
Pity they all died for nothing.  In a century their graves will be lost in what will become dust bowl earth.  Thanks SCROTUS you're a jerk
REALL??
I'm a life long Dem; thank you for your service to our Nation.
You don't honor America, you traitor!
Senator Graham thank you for your service and in your work gettimg.to the truth of the investigation.  Continue to be the man and bring it!
Made a video honoring my great, great uncle (from Union, SC) who died in WW2. Would be honored for you to see it.
Just traveled through SC via I-95 and I-26. As one of two senators from SC you should be ashamed!  Your highways are pathetic. Check FL Hwys

And we are relying on you to ensure our freedoms are protected in D.C.
I don't think the USS Liberty Crew will accept your thanks.
#TrumpFamilyRussiahttps://twitter.com/pacelattin/status/869239935835938822
now defend us from Putin's influence and get trump out
My grandfather was a Navy sailor in WWII and a Republican and he'd be disgusted by GOP failure to do something about dt, and fix the party.
What does Trump have over you?
But you're totally fine with The White House engaging in active espionage? Thought so.
honor them how by allowing Sessions to not be truthful under oath; same time smeer Comey
Sen graham and Sen McCain will always be my heroes.
well military childcare services are now suspended as we spend 30M for Melania in NY?????
Too bad we don't have any republicans willing to stand up for our freedoms!! These lives will be lost for nothing if you don't do something!
You are not a patriot!You are a traitor !Stop this madness now!These people gave their lives 4our freedom and you are selling it to Russia!
Too bad we don't have any republicans willing to stand up for or freedoms!! These lives will be lost for nothing if you don't do something!
We absolutely honor our American heroes Senator. But, what are YOU going to do to to prevent their sacrifice from being in vain?
What sacrifice will the Senate make to honor their sacrifice. #TrumpRussia
Then why would you support the demeaning of those very values?
Yes sir. Well said.
Then @LindseyGrahamSC if you feel that way, truly feel that way, when will you REALLY stand up for the US over your Party? When
How DARE you speak.. when you continue to lend support & validate the most DANGEROUS president this country has EVER endured.
How dare you.
Honor America by doing your job and investigate the #TrumpRussia and Kushner collusion.  It should be #CountryOVERparty #SPINELESSGOP
All except for the President - he is enjoying and celebrating.  Can't believe he is the Republican leader
Scuttle back under your rock Mr Graham. You'll have plenty of treasonous company under there.
They make a sacrifice to protect US from the likes of Russia while you protect the admin's collusion.  Makes you look complicit.
Step up yourself and be a hero vis what's happening in the WH!
You are not honoring the deaths of these heroes when you defend a president that ignores American values and disregards our freedoms.
No you don't or there wouldn't be a traitor in the White House right now.
If you actually want to honor the sacrifices of those who gave all then you should stop propping up & normalizing @realDonaldTrump
What abt you? How are you protecting all of us? Will you have the courage to break rank & call trump a traitor? Or, will you cower with GOP?
You need to protect America & the world from the danger of a Trump presidency.
Traitor!

 
May all who govern do so with the integrity worthy of such sacrifice.
Like the 2 heroes who died in Portland standing up to hate that is fueled by the president you support.
You honor them how? By supporting going behind the back of the FBI?
#HowMuchDidTheyPayYouTraitor

Macron just compared Trump to the presidents of Russia and Turkey. https://twitter.com/aaronblake/status/869183459381710849 …
And yet you dishonor their memory every day by your behavior in Congress. Country before Party, sir.
Sad that you and so many other Republicans aren't protecting us from his obviously corrupt administration.
What happened with Trump? 
Hey dickehead coal is not going to make murica great again!
Yes I imagine that and now 2017 to have our current GOP Congress destroy what they fought and died for
You disgrace the American heros by defending traitors like Jared Kushner and Trump.  Shame!
There were two in Portland recently that 45 won't recognize.  You're oddly silent on them, sad.
This is 1 thing I do agree with you on so please don't cut our Veterans or our current service men/women paychecks or healthcare. Please.
So get the traitors out of the White House..
@LULAC WI proudly presents "TRIBUTE TO THE FALLEN". https://youtu.be/fdwdp3ALGDE  #GodBlessAmerica !
You don't believe free press which exposed #Trump lies numerous times, yet believe the guy who's done nothing but lie. You're a dishonor.
and now it is your turn Lindsey to defend our values and protect our freedoms. Your turn and the rest of the GOP
For 1 day (at least this hr/moment), we can all (progressives, Dems, R's, liberals, conservatives) stand with Graham and this sentiment
We do too, and ask that you use your office to prevent the president from rewriting the Constitution these brave men & women died to defend.
Trump mocked McCain for being captured and tortured during the same war he dodged himself. Also insults GoldStar family, wants purple heart.
Shall we also mourn the death of USA? Seems we are now a Russian satellite because GOP is too cowardly/opportunistic to take on Trump/Putin!
Today, your traitor president will pretend he cares about others' sacrifices and prob give an offensive speech. Make this his last.
They'd also plan a bombing op on that comfy Bring'em Young Med Ctr's Brokefoot Mountain Chafe-fits Mem. Closet you all hide in!
This statement coming from you ...carries very little weight. Trump puppet.
Dad & 12 uncles fought Drumpf Euro & So Pacific & all came home 70yrs ago. If still alive piss on all YOU Toads, closet Queen!
My dad is there- and you don nothing to protect this country against those he fought against. Lip service only.
Like the men on the train protecting the Muslim girls no one in the GOP will mention? Doesn't fit the narrative I guess. #SadGOP
The best way to honour them is to remember why they served and #makeitmatter
Please explain what "our values" and "our freedoms" are. It appears your/GOP definition is now dramatically different from rest of US.
As Trump wants to spend more money on the military
Линдсей любит Трамп
Memorial Day,  veterans are turning in their graves right because of Benedict Trump.
And yet you also honor a chicken hawk...
@LindseyGrahamSC Appreciate you taking time out of your busy Trump-bashing @POTUS schedule with this IMPORTANT msg.
Stand with our President!
You honor no one. You are a fraud, a sham. You are an embarrassment without morals or integrity. What they fought and died for you disgrace.
SALUTE: To Those who have Fallen; Sen. Lindsey GRAHAM  of South Carolina, Memorial Day Greetings!!
Continuing to pray for you and our country, that there are peaceful days ahead. #MemorialDay17
You must defend our values and protect our freedoms too, Senator. TeamTrump/treasonous activity weakens our nation. We're counting on you.
Will you make the sacrifice and stand up to the president.  Or will you just use words but never have any actions. #momentoftruth
Honor them by opening your eyes to what is happening to our country! Patriotism before Party and Payoffs...how about it, Lindsey????
Линдсей любит Трамп
No kidding.
Please protect the country now and remove Trump and his minions from the White House. He has committed treason and you know it. Save us now.
Some of whom you bear responsibility for since you rubber-stamped the dismal corrupt Iraq War.
Like, where? Iraq? Nicaragua? Chile? Guatemala? Grenada? Vietnam? Laos? List of atrocities: endless; young men died for what? For whom? Why?
Men & women who arose from all economic backgrounds to sacrifice for country (not party).   Wish we could say the same for @POTUS or #GOP.
If you really honored heroes such as my dad & uncles (WWll Vets) you would step up to the plate. Mouthing empty words just doesn't cut it.
The freedom you all Trump supporters wanted to take away supporting this lunatic dictator. You choose your party before your country.
Where do I sign up for my Russian/Cyrillic lessons?
