Seriously? Trying to focus on the "good" while the White House is in flames? (p.s. This isn't "good" either, & y'all will never erase Obama
Never erase Obama? Then never erase Confederat monuments! Seems like a fair trade!
Bright side is B0gusB0 can never come back as prez. But Confederate Memorials can be returned into place.
I don't understand
Obama can't return as president of the US. But Confederate Memorials can be returned when the mood of historical revisionism changes.
You mean like when slavery is ok again?
Slavery's history. Must remember history's errors to avoid repeating them. Dimlibs want to institute slavery again by controlling everyone.
So is the confederate States, history.
I am an OHIO voter best believe you wont get my vote NO TRANSPARENCY
Exactly! Keep making the people of cuba poor in  order to punish a dead dictator's cold war policies. Brilliant
South Carolina gets more federal money than any other state
Oh give me an f'ing break!   Focus on something that matters to the American people.  Leave Cuba take the covfefe!
It would be f'ing awesome if he/they were allowed to focus on something besides f'ing Russia!!
Nobody is stopping them.  Clinton got lots done while under investigation and during impeachment. He should stop tweeting and obsessing
YA THINK!  Clinton(s) is in bed with 90% of Washington.  @realDonaldTrump is trying to do the right thing and they're making it impossible!
Trump is in bed with 90% of Russia.
  Whatthefuckever!
because your daddy said so? Old views aren't going to help this country anymore.
That is just stupid . Shame on you.
Lets praise the almighty Trump for being consistent: Making steps backwards and being ANTI as long as Obama did it #childish #sad #maga
are you kidding me... u r trying to turn back clock... antiquated move!
He is planning to allow a RUSSIAN MILITARY BASE in Cuba. TRAITORS
Why?
I disagree.  I think that there is a much bigger picture that I hope you will try to see.  It is not good for the US or the people of Cuba.
That's quite a trick... SC keeps voting in republicans and yet gets more money for social services than any state!
Remember when you pretended to be human? LOL!
But not Saudi Arabia....they can keep oppressing women while Trump sells them weapons and dances around with the men. #Misogyny
Shame I really thought you were a honest and independent minded person, whatever Trump promised you, hope is worth it.U Trator t USA people
Well done confirming he's under investigation too, no?
he's under a witch hunt of no proof. 7 months & nothing. Hillary needs 2 be in jail
They found nothing on HR, after how many investigations? Then closed the case. Move on please, let this one complete too
No he's a crook and owes Russia money. You'll see
He need to make changes in this country not Cuba!!!
Why all he wants to do is build another hotel. He doing that all over this country plus other countries
why are you blocking us from seeing briefing YOU WORK FOR US!! SAD STOP HIDING!
Please explain why you are taking George Soros money, are you ashamed of it or part of it?
So what if they decide to work with Russia since we won't?
What the hell do you know?
no trump hotels or business there so .. but china where human rights is non existent - sells dead cows - he is a horrendous person
Why don't republicans understand sphere of influence anymore?
Why doesn't democrats understand patriotism any more?
*don't
Oh my!!! The grammar police!!!
Feel free to ask me to edit your tweets in the future
Whoa Whoa, praise from Graham??? Pass the smelling salts I am having the vapors. Mercy!
actually..to my surprise he has defended and praised him recently
There are much bigger  fish to fry in America.
Yes but he can only do so much during this witch hunt
I'm aware it that, but there are many POTUS could & must get rid of! And he does have that power!
I do agree that swamp must be drained but draining it correctly takes time! Trump always attacks back but also does it smart 2 make it stick
When in school, we used to call this brown-nosing or sucking up.
wow you have lost all sense Mr.Graham You are all about Party & not country, Constitution & Americans! Sad
really. Will no one now bow down to him. Protect America
You have the majority - you have the power to shut down this Witch Hunt!!!  Let Trump be our President and start supporting him NOW!
Let's see, which applies here; #venalstupidignorant You get 3 guesses
Get on the bus Lindsay. We need you. You're an important voice! Don't do the DC Shuffle
Lawd a mercy! @LindseyGrahamSC actually said something decent to @POTUS  Well done Mr. Graham... well done. That wasn't so hard, was it?
You're a traitorous POS too! Kompromat much?
Oh, Senator. You finally went to the dark side.
THANK YOU Senator @LindseyGrahamSC. It is so refreshing to hear someone in the GOP show appreciation for our @POTUS. I sincerely commend you
Quick, someone remove his lips from Trump's ass!
Sir, just investigate DNC leaks/hacks? Order DNC servers. Trump team, under surveillance for 1 YEAR, still 0 EVD. ATP, its unconstitutional
Also unethical and deliberate _fraud_!
Obama Adm have been steeped in so much corruption, we need 100 fed attorneys & 2 Trump terms, to even figure out all the appropriate charges
This could explain much of the seeming "slowness" of any action against Clintons/Obama. Corruption is so extensive. Swamp is so wide/deep.
Yes, I know invest of emails started in Feb & Clinton Foundation, Sec of ST abuse, Obstruction w/ lynch, Fast & Furious started by Congress
I suspect a "race" is going on, between Trump/Sessions DOJ trying to root out corruption, and lib/Dems trying to get rid of Trump/Sessions.
Yes, I'm sure. Since Gen Flynn was fired, Comey thought he was invincible. The 3 ppl he hit the hardest were POTUS, Flynn, & Sessions
Thank you for standing beside our President in this matter.  PLEASE help him more!
You Trump rump swab! After everything that Orange Clown has said and done, your still riding the Clown float. Grow some balls!
Trump is doing this because Cuba told him to fuck off when he was trying to make business there !! Oh wait back on those days was illegal !!
More tweets like this Senator please. Don't always attack POTUS
DEBATE HIM BUT DEFEND HIM TOO NEEDS IT to do his work
LindsyGraham thinks Derelict POTUS unaware US and West at War with Russia is OK for Political reasons is complicit with Putin against USA
Commander of Destroyer will be investigated Maybe Dereliction of Duty CommanderinChief lackinterest RussianCyberWar ThatsDereliction of Duty
Well Done? We are at War with the Russia and POTUS Tweets and Swats at a toothless threat like Cuba The CommanderinChief is AWOL
While you suck up POTUS he does not Serve and Protect. He does not speak with Allies about Foolproof multilateral Sanctions. He is AWOL
YouHack Western AlliesFreeze Russian Assets Youhack Travelban to/from Russia enacted YouHack all Commercewith Russia cease Putin will notice
Dereliction of Duty will cost a Commander of a ship his Command. Why not the CommanderinChief Real POTUS would have served Notice to Putin
As you gush over POTUS RussianCyberWar continues. Next HackedElectricGrid like Ukraine No Foolproof CyberProtection. POTUS Derelict absent
RussianPatrioticHackers honing skills for major disruption to electricgrid. Putin must Understand consequences CyberAttacks will be painful
Hey , Lindsey finally giving our President some  credit!
Recent RussianCyberAggression is just the beginning. US needs a Real President to UniteWesternAllies to ServeNotice to Putin of consequences
CyberSecurity Illusory.Mutlilateral Sanctions Consequences of RussianCyberAggression Frozen Assets/Trade Travelban Then Putin would notice
You sold your soul Graham. Repent.
If there were a Real POTUS in WH He/She would broker a Multinational Western Response to RussianCyberAggression Germans would be on board
PLEASE DONT THROW OUR BELOVED PRESIDENT TO THE WOLVES. PLEASE PLEASE WATCH HIS BACK. THANK YOU -A TRUMP SUPPORTER
PLEASE FIRE MUELLER & ROSENSTEIN. PLEASE I BEG OF YOU TO PROTECT OUR BELOVED PRESIDENT. WE LOVE THIS POTUS.MUELLER&ROSENSTEIN MUST GO
Yes, they are getting to close to the truth and Lord knows we do not want US citizens to know that their leader broke the law. #LiarInChief
Thank you Sen Graham for supporting President Trump.
A lot of good that has done for the last fifty years. Instead of trying to improve the plight of the Cuban people you repeat failed history
wrong. I really thought u were smarter, above the BS. Opening Cuba was a brilliant move. But its party above country for U
Now get your pal to forget the campaign and pursuade fellow Senators to get behind Trump's agenda. The American people elected him!
Such hypocrisy Mr. Graham.  How in good conscience can you continue to support Trump.  Demonstrates extremely poor judgment on your part.
Sad you obstruct everything else and encourage these witch hunts. #Repeal17thAdmendment #COSProject #TermLimits #DrainTheSwamp
Did anyone Ever tell you to keep your enemies closer?
Senator, is time to rally with the president.
He is trying to make the American people that selected you as representative feel proud again
Oh please. Putin instructed Trump to sour US/Cuba relations so Russia can build a huge military base in Cuba. US is too weak to fight it.
Do your job!! Why are these fake investigations even going forward? Because you all are a bunch of RINOs! Protect the President do your job!
Amen
Now you want to stop investigating Russian hacking to go after Lynch for "Matter" instead of "Investigation" the GOP is a JOKE..
His only policy is to undo everything Obama did out of hate. It doesn't matter how much it benefited the American people. He's a petty man
Bacwards-ass move bucko! And you probably still believe the South won the Civil War too! #loselose
Support our @POTUS #WELOVETRUMP
Support our president against this attack!
My #OpeningStatement - take a look: 
President Trump  is The Peoples President, he's a keeper, Rhinos will be voted out. Back OUR President!
Then appreciate more and do what a majority of American states voted for you to do: #WORKWITHPOTUS!  Tired of republican silence!
Thanks Sen. How about getting your colleagues to support the firing of this ridiculous special counsel? #maga
Next up is Iran  time to end the stupid agreement Obama made.
Keep up the political expedient support Lindsey.
Wow!!
Are you just joining the ass ki**ing brigade or this just sounds good as the changes really do not affect much..optics once again..please!!
Well said!
has done a lot of good for all Americans. Can you & your Congressional buddies start showing more support
MAGA. I republicans better support POTUS or they are out!!
Now get behind the president and support him! We the people want that!
@LindseyGrahamSC  You Rinos are gonna have problems in 2018 if we don't see some support for Trump. We like Pence but only as #2.
Oh yeah, what can a little island nation in the Caribbean do against the Powerful United States!!!!
I do not appreciate the undoing of Obama's progress with Cuba.
How about U demand end 2 Special Council w/Hillary supporting lawyers, 1st to investigate collusion, now obstruction, what next?
I don't appreciate spineless Republicans not taking a stand against a wildly #unfit #Trump. Shame on you. #Resist #Impeach45 #RussiaGate
Why don't you call for a special prosecutor for Hilary, Comey, Lynch. Help our president out!! Dems do it all the time. Turn the tables
Then you better start supporting him !
It is about time you appreciate something the prez does,Lindsey Graham.
Where has your support for #OurPresident been... you #Turncoat

#Resign you #hack #democrat masking as a #conservative Republican
Do you ever look at responses? Trump's Cuba changes are just an opportunity for a new Cuban missile crisis. Get involved in the AHCA fiasco.
There's got to be a way to fix healthcare that doesn't cost us the whole economy. And billionaires don't need more tax cuts. Use your brain.
thank you
We'll, Senator Graham, why don't you start sticking up for this President, first by challenging the Special Counsel, the friend of Comey??
Now get behind the Agenda @Potus wants to pass. We want full tax reform and full repeal and replace of Obamacare
Yeah we appreciate how u want to oppress aaready poor country thx
Great.  Now get off your asses and get going on the wall, tax reform, and repealing ObamaCare.  Pronto!  Quit stalling
It's only because Obama open up Cuba that Trump is doing this.95% of his executive orders are about getting rid of Obama's work & Fla voters
Good grief.  You looking for a bigger job?  It won't be a secure one.
Why is it OK for Americans 2 visit Russia, North Korea & China but not Cuba.None of those countries have a democratic government.
Republicans need to support the pres more and get healthcare and taxes DONE! Get off of Russia and DO SOMETHING !
It's about time!! GOP needs to stand up an for potus do your jobs grow a set of b----
When we put our cares in His hands, He puts His peace in our hearts.
And just think, if you had your way.. We'd be complaining more and doing less. Perhaps back @POTUS on the agenda WE THE PEOPLE WANTED!
Lindsey , your a loon too
Destructive changes, I think you meant to say. Just came out wrong. Needed to check your locution, is all; it happens.
It's about time you support our commander and chief and your party's leader.
Great to see you supporting this President instead of undermining him. Maybe the future will be bright after all.
your boyfriend john mccain will continue to sabotage our president

Boo
I can't stand you Lindsey Graham but I'm proud of my President and I support him 100%. God bless our President and his family.
Thank u Mr. Graham, FINALLY.
@SenJohnMcCain Hopefully, you're paying attention, Senator McCain. You need to get in the game and do your job as a Republican !!
Nice for you to say. We still don't trust you. You need to be voted out
You and McCain should support our .POTUS more often!  #MAGA
Finally. Finally you are happy. Glad you can appreciate it. Glad you stand with Trump.
Freedom is the right to do things not to ask your government IF PLEASE MAY I.
@LindseyGrahamSC just another political that likes to tell AMERICAN CITIZENS what to do.
Have a feeling that he's on shaky ground when it comes time for his re-election. Many of his constituents are NOT happy with him!
Now you & your @GOP colleagues get to work, Sen. Graham. Show us results, just like @POTUS does on a daily basis! @SenateGOP @HouseGOP #MAGA
Thank you, Lindsey. As one of your constituents, I urge you to be more supportive of our President & the things he is doing for America.
Stand Up and Fight Lindsey!!! Stop letting the Dems run you over!!!

@KellyannePolls @realDonaldTrump You and that so called McCain better straighten up and support our Pres. U 2 are no good
One question, is he up for election 2018?
Right.. because it worked so well for 60 years.
Time machines aren't real
Great now how about you keep supporting him. I see you been lately. Thank you from the people
Its nice to see some support!!
Yeah one min. u appreciate our president and the next min. u appreciate the Dems. so get off the fence and appreciate ur party!
Right, let's back up 60 years. CRAP!!
Thank you for finally standing with our President. Maybe you can get others to do the same. Remind them elections are coming up next year.
I appreciate you supporting the President. Thank you.
yet we kiss the Sharia Saudis arses.
Then I expect you to support him when they try to impeach him
Decided to support him for a change?
Lindsey-give them what for on every stupid decision the last admin made-after all the last 8=wasn't that great @VP @NancyPelosi @PressSec
You're an embarrassment to SC
who are you and what did you do with Lindsey Graham?
No way Lindsay, did you say something positive about President Trump. Thanks.
Then get behind him on his other initiatives- it's what the people voted for. You've been a horrible obstructionist.
Idiot he just made sure Marriott can't build there for his own gain
Awesome now how bout U get off ur corrupt ass & support the president & fight this bullshit inquisition! Afraid there'll b no more $trough?
Screw u Lindsey.  You're too late and have damaged the President too much.  Go away.
GFCD.  "God Forgives, Conservatives Don't".
Graham, U continue 2 astound me. TY 4 appearing 2 appreciate @POTUS. U sure don't sound that way, according 2 leftist rag: TIME.
Best move in interest of America! @realDonaldTrump is putting #AmericaFirst! Great job @POTUS!
As we are close to election time Graham makes efforts to warm up to Trump voters? @senhohnMcCain is in for 6 years dementia or not!
I hope you guys at the @GOP are prepared to end this #WitchHunt by Mueller and his team of Clinton lawyers/supporters. We will primary @GOP
It would be even better if you stepped up and put a stop to these ridiculous investigations. Start calling for investigations in DEMOCRATS!
Well, it's about time Sen. Lindsey Graham had a political "change of heart" about President Trump!!! Trump Train always welcomes supporters!
Wow! @LindseyGrahamSC has never said a good thing about Trump!! Has he'll froze over? What about BHO spying??
I'm very proud of my president I'm very proud I voted for him.given the chance this man can make many good things happen for my country!
We the people would appreciate it if the Republicans Party would get behind this President why is there not an arrest for Leaker Comey ??
Don't encourage him, Lindsay
Good ! Make sure our amazing POTUS is not impeached!  We expect you Senator to give him 100% support. He's done nothing wrong 
Would you like some lube for this job?
Support @realDonaldTrump - He Won the GOP House & Senate for all Reps'-Investigation against @POTUS Must End Now- It is a Travesty- USA
