nope. nor ugly.
Maybe 45's letter didn't work.
Senator, we need @GOP to act, not give mild lip service to Trump's overreaches. Be a leader for the country.
"There is no evidence of collusion". Libs triggered.
Overwhelming evidence of collusion. Russian bots triggered! #ImpeachTrump
Another Republican believing @realDonaldTrump side show trick: Mention tapes and distract everyone. #PresidentRidiculous
Tape recorder, what decade is this? It's sarcasm. Comey became a bad public servant who needs no air time.
And you think Trump will admit there are or is a tape!
You are correct
They will be turned over as soon as we find Hillary Clintons 35,000 emails.
⚢ people in sc know, and we don't care.  JUST do the right thing and clip POTUS's wings
Why did the POTUS ever bring that up? You are correct, he has to quit discussing investigations.
No darling.We read Trump's tweet..has nothing 2 do with any news media. Sad that u don't understand the issues with that tweet.I'll pray 4 u
Chuckie  Hillary lost get Over it
Mr. Graham I put my trust in your patriotism. Yours and John McCain's. I thought you wuld stand up to Trump's abuse of power.
Donald Trump admtd to the world tht he fired Comey because of Russia. Your response or lack of one has disabused me of any patriotic notion-
--that I could put my trust in your patriotism. I am profoundly disappointed in you.
Let me guess. He's "extremely concerned" and "very troubled ".
Maybe even perturbed and saddened.#GOP = Who asks for pledges of LOYALTY to TRUMP asks their OATH of OFFICE to be broken! #ImpeachTrump
He "needs" 2 turn over tapes? Taxes? How cute! BRING @POTUS B4 jud com SWEAR UNDER OATH ABOUT TAPES, TAXES!!!
How about Less talk , More action
Talk  Talk  Talk  someone please do something
None of this is "cute". Trump is a Crook and we are in Constitutional Crisis! Hellooooooooo @SenateGOP
As Granny used to say. "Stop telling me about the labor and show me the damn baby!!
Speaking of "being cute."
I just coined an appropriate phrase...Actions speak louder than words, Senator. 
I see what you did there. :)
Talk about how while Loretta should have been investigating Hillary. Hillary sent her word that if she is elected Loretta would keep her job
Mr.Graham will you please see that all the recordings of the Obama administration are released. Obama was a super spy.
Hey Graham STOP being so  wink-wink CUTE about this! DEMAND @POTUS SWEAR B4 Sen JC ABOUT THE TAPES, TAXES!
Duh how about the unmasking
Too late. He's already been "cute" about "tapes"...and "tapps". Do your job.
A fair warning to Comey that he damn well better tell the truth... I see no problem w/it. If he lies, release the tapes!
Holy crap. Lindsey finally said something FOR the American people. Don't stop there.
U can't threaten our FBI director with the same thing u accused our president Obama of doing!!! Who does that?? #LetComeySpeak
Lindsey Graham is the man! He should run for Presidency
He often can be cute!
Presidents can and do record all of their dealings!
Stop with the stupid & follow the money. Russia to Trump.
REpublicians will be held responsible for the cover up 
Why do you have to worry if you can fire your accusator?

@SenSanders @PressSec @Schwarzenegger @POTUS @POTUS44 @SenateGOP @mexnewz
Now you can't be cute about mental illness or tapes either.
Ask Lindsay why the Senate committee is staffed at 10% the level they staffed Benghazi bogus hearings for !!!! A joke !
It's clear now.  Trump taped himself.  Forgot.  Found the tapes.  Freaked out. Blamed Obama.  Mystery solved.
Thank you for a reason to laugh this morning.
I'm not a Republican, but I do like @LindseyGrahamSC. He seems to be honest & straightforward with his answers. 
I just wish his answer about the election outcome would have been left at "unknown".
So subpoena them!
Everyone...  meet the King of FlipFlop.
Your irrelevant. Unfortunately. Don't think trump cares what you say or think. I wouldn't go too far out on a limb for him.
what if there are 30,000 emails on a private server that go missing after subpoena, cute or criminal?
If trump didn't have to fight the republican double agents
So he's saying Trump has been being "cute"? Wake up Senator. Stop enabling the diminishing of the office of the POTUS.
Sure he can
Plus they are public records, by law. They belong to the National Archives.
They can be stored with HRCs 30,000 emails!
We are not going to be fobbed off on this. This is obstruction of justice. You must act.
Oh Lindsey, put up or shut up, darling.
@LindseyGrahamSC Will you actually do anything? Will you subpoena them?
The republicans talk out of their mouth and butt simultaneously!!! Believe Me!!!
Good luck with that.
These guys are a disaster!
It's your own party playing games. You guys are so off track with yourselves first over country it's sickening
