How dare you put forth a bill that hurts so many Americans. Your legacy is ruined and you have no one to blame but yourself.
your bill is finished..as is your try to destroy Medicaid and make healthcare unaffordable for 32 million Americans
You have destroyed your reputation. Your place in history will be on the very wrong side.
He is pure evil
You shouldn't put caps on the insurance of people born with disabilities. We need caps on the amount of time one can hold a Senate seat!
Susan Collinss pretty much says it all in her public statement. What were you thinking?
Come out of the closet
Weird that a “pro-life Christian” supports a bill that guts care for the aged, puts medically fragile kids at risk and hurts the disabled.
Pro life means you love the Bible and hate women. Read between the lines. He's scum. He only cares about fringe christians and rich donors.
Your bill failed Lindsey. You failed. Get over it. Your donors will get over it. The word that Happens is you lose election. You'll live.
Yeah because a Hate Group leader is a fantastic opportunity to discuss things with #followthemoney #darkmoney #kochtopus
Meeting with the leader of a known hate group. Well played Senator.
Graham/Cassidy is on its way out. Bravo!
Terrible piece of legislation....move on!
Senator Graham, you disappointed me.  Instead of leading America, you side stepped your responsibility with #GrahamCasiddy. Shame shame.
Keep spinning. Your bill is still heartless and unAmerican.
This guy right? It's like his donors are threatening to have his family killed or something. Why else would he still be trying this hard?
Not interested.
These comments are fantastic people! So glad we, Americans, are united against this disgusting bill. This is a USA we can be proud of!
#Trumpcare is mean. Americans have made it clear that we want healthcare for all.
@LindseyGrahamSC. Stop with the "repeal" crap and work with the Dems to #FixTheACA.
You need to learn to listen.
https://www.facebook.com/senatorsanders/videos/10156356721832908/ …
CBO slaughters you.
What have you done productive for american citizens this year? What do YOU plan on having at your obituary? stealing HC?
Ask him what would Jesus do?
You're a sickly cruel person for sponsoring this legislation. You should be offering your healthcare package to all Americans. #shame
You once seemed a reasonable R., but  with your ruse called health care reform you proved sans doubt you are a cynical R. Worthless to U.S.
Why not just think of regular people Sen. Graham where’s your conscience? Come on you’re better than that aren’t you? 
No, don't think so. You're a liar.
Senator Graham, why would you work against so many American's interests. Please walk away from #GrahamCasiddy.

Be careful. Tony thinks homosexuals should be in prison.
In prison happens to be Lindsey's fantasy.
No one who is impacted by it supports it. You need to be BIPARTISAN or you will FAIL.
And it is now officially dead. How is it possible that only 3 GOPs have any semblance of compassion?  Where does your support come from?
Sen Collins, known as road block Susie, has decided to again block replace and repeal Obamacare.   Sen. Collins and McCain in the swamp
Please mr. Graham pull your bill. It's not right for America
#PuertoRicoAid
Collins no McCain no one more keep calling
,This bill was DOA  from  time it was a gleam in your eye-how could you not see that?  Sad.
Please make yourself useful and do something for Puerto Rico.
Don't let him know you're gay
Listening to him, because he agrees with you.  Ignoring the 1000's of messages you are receiving because they don't.

Goes to character.
Oh, and strike 3 - your bill is DOA
Go back to the drawing board.  #Killthebill
If you push this bill be ready to be voted out of Office.   Stand down !
Corruption!  Blatant changes to buy votes.  Despicable.
Sorry I can't. I have to jam a hot poker up my ass.
you have become despicable. Regular order. People's lives are at stake
If your bill is so good why are you allowing Alaska and Maine more than the other STATES? You know it's a PEOPLE KILLING BILL YOU ARE CRUEL
Shame on you.
Tony Perkins is a homophobic bigot
Nope nope nope
Sweet Baby Jesus, what's he gonna do, add Gay Conversion Therapy. #FAIL Just stop it, Lindsey. Sychophant does not look good on you.
The @GOP is DEAD!!!!’ DEAD
Disastrous, putting power back in Insurance companies hands, YES they can't deny pre-exsisiting BUT they can INCREASE premiums WTF
Just think, to hurt millions in Puerto Rico you just have to do nothing.
Why on Earth are you speaking to that homophobic bigot, Senator?
Nope, heard enough of your lies!
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
I don’t like you anymore.
Why are you pushing a bill with abysmal support by constituents and little likelihood of passing?  Big donor insisting on it?
The bill won't pass just work with Dems to fix healthcare.
 Oh yeah. He's a credible person. Stop. Trying. To. Kill. Americans.
Listen to the PEOPLE not your donors.  Scrap GC and work on BIPARTISAN ACA REPAIR
Nope.
HOW can you sleep?
https://twitter.com/BanditRandom/status/912396043802644481 …
What happened to your friend @SenJohnMcCain ? If he won't support  you then who will? Loyalty is sometimes a One Way Street! Sad but true!
No one wants your horrible healthcare bill that kicks millions off of their insurance! Thought you don't like Hollywood elite!! Hypocrite!!
Not one religious group aside from White Evangelicals support this immoral bill.  Shame on both of you
F that and you
Will your conversation be fair and factual?
http://www.politico.com/interactives/2017/graham-cassidy-health-care-bill-what-you-need-to-know/ …  #KnowtheTruth #NoGrahamCassidy
Maybe you should be listening instead. Listen to the majority of Americans and every medical advocacy group. Your bill sucks.
Please Senator...quit well your ahead. You've gained so much respect standing up against Trump. Don't loose it!!!!
F-U! Turning your back on us for money! F the Koch bros too! You need to be more like your friend John McCain. A patriot!
It so important to stop the road to single payer. Anyone who won't support #GrahamCassidyBill supports that road to single payer. @randpaul
I support single payer. If you support Graham you are okay with killing us with pre-existing conditions, those with cancer. If you are a bot
READ: Timothy Stoltzfus Jost, J.D., is an Emeritus Professor at the Washington and Lee University School of Law. http://healthaffairs.org/blog/author/jost/ …
There you go again tweeting...do your job
YOU LISTEN!
Now there's a policy expert for you. #Hategroup
80% of america is against this give it up.
Shame
You can speak on the radio about your destructive #GrahamCassidy Bill but you run out of the Finance Committee when faced with REAL VICTIMS!
Nooooooooooooooooooooooo
Your bill sucks. #SinglePayerNow
Yes, I really want Tony Perkins weighing in on my healthcare. 
You’re a liar. Why would I want to hear you justify this disaster?
Is it true the latest version allows states to allow insurance companies to no longer cover birth control at all?
I don't understand how you can push a bill nobody but the Koch brothers & GOP big donors want. Power has made you evil, a danger to others.
Perkins leads a hate group. Nice company you keep. What kind of religious person is FOR killing Americans?
If this appeal fails the GOP is doomed .  Thanks to Paul and McCain
Stop this harmful, heartless bill! We cannot solve healthcare with block grants to states.
oh yeah...a wonderful voice of moderation....
NO!
Perkins is no Christian! He's a hater & divider! Back off repealing ACA because voters will get even & expose your secrets 
If you are listening 74% of America says #NoGrahamCassidy but right you all ready told us you don't care what we think. #SaveStregthenACA
People in pain; Congress so vain. If they won’t protect, we will not re-elect! pass it on.
You already lost Linda.
You are wasting time. Other important stuff needs doing. Kill people another year.
Louisiana gets a 750 million dollars a year for four years on this new bill no
Tony Perkins? Is he out of the closet yet?
I'll listen to a woman of color who isn't an evangelical preacher and lives in the real world to tell me what she thinks of ur bill.
Why did you tie yourself to a bill so disturbing that almost no one is in favor?  Why are you unable to find a bipartisan alternative?
Nope. Your bill is garbage. Fund the ACA properly. Americans deserve better, you are purposely trying to harm people. Shame.
Sir the healthcare sucks
How about you block trump and his cronies from spending MILLIONS in vacations and private jets and use that money to the for healthcare??
Your bill is scam pure and simple . . .
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO!  WHAT PART OF NO DON'T YOU GET?!!!!!!!! #GRAHAMCASS
Porto who? That's Lindsey Graham saying in my head. He ain't doing shit. He's too busy taking HC away from people.
It's about time to end that nonsense
WHO CARES ABOUT TONY PERKINS! LET'S SEE THE CBO SCORES!!! DOWN WITH THE DEATH BILL!!!

Speaking of heartless and Unamerican, @lindsaygrahamsc when are you going to do something to save the people of Puerto Rico #selfishfools
No one wants your bill.  Stop.
Nope. I'm done W you. Signed, your constituent.
You are going to kill Seniors and people with Disabilities with those block grants that do not cover state's current spending levels
That will be good, but doubt it can beat your speech earlier! That was #PressOn and beyond. #BernieBeware!
If your bill was so terrific bribery would not be necessary. #shameonyou
If HE is for it do you really need anymore proof that it is a disaster for American families?
#GrahamCasiddy sucks for Americans! Vote No on this crazy bill
My disappointment runs so deep.  Throwing out the disabled who have no other voice, indifference toward the vulnerable.  Repubs now hate grp
Bribes to win favor?  Who do you think will be voting? Those of us who are clear on motivation/character.   How can any repub be trusted ?
Shit bill
give it up, brother

Oh sweet, I was waiting to hear what a huge bigot thinks about healthcare.
Grab'an-Cull'em is gonna kill people. How do you sleep at night.

No can do Lindsey, can't listen to any more lies lies today from you or your buddy Tony
Do u believe dems to be a lower class of people? We deserve healthcare just as much as u do!
Geez , Hope it's quieter there. Don't think alot of people likes the bill
It's over. Hang it up
No. Your "healthcare" bill SUCKS!
Nobody wants to hear from an American terrorist.
No respect for you. None.
Killing ppl for profit is not what Christianity dictates! Fix #ObamaCare and stop playing with poor ppl's lives
Corrupt Fraud..... Trying to BRIBE senators.
Maybe instead of plotting to kill sick people you can consider saving the folks in Puerto Rico.
Go fuck yourself.
