Lindsey Graham's idea of state controlled health care makes more sense than any plan involving Federal health care!!
Because the states have done such a good job???  Not!
Do you really think the Federal Gov is going to do a better job?? State governments are easier for people to control than Federal Govs!
You are the weakest of the weak and need to find another job
support Trump Lindsey
Never watch those 3 halfwits
repel and replace ACA or you and your colleagues adopt as your personal insurance
Graham needs to just shut up and go away
Why? To watch you lie?
Would if you were on a real news channel. Fox sucks
I really love your #Healthcare plan!! Let the states be in charge. What a great idea
I don't trust my State government. They're cutting services at this moment to balance the budget. Can't live under that threat every year
True. I live in the Great Tax state of Maryland
Basic human rights shouldn't be defined by your zip code.
Why would we watch fake news?!
Serious Q. Please find out how many days they would have pounded PBO if he'd said the WH is a dump. Fair and balanced.
Lindsey Graham, SC is a disgrace to follow Donald Trump and his cabinet down the path of deception. When will he put his constituents first?
My IQ is not low enough.
TY for supporting xfer of HC to states, where elected Gov.'s are responsible not a panel of Socialists assigned by Obama
you and john just go
No thanks.
You going to ask him why he doesn't support our president?!
Stop just stop trump is a liar stand up!!!have some dignity like McCain
So true!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tune out.
Can't watch that show. It's the WH channel propaganda
Unless you're starting impeachment and removal, nobody wants to hear. How bout the sanctions? How about we take away his nukes b4 we all die
Don't want to hear a damn thing you have to say, you are a Never Trumper selfish RINO!
Senator, you seem to be living on Fox. How about something more credible, like CNN or MSNBC?
That question answers itself
You should be ashamed .
Good Lord
Not if you are on Fox.
Excellent discussion. Now, pass the damn thing!
Tweety Bird is a lying Bully!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well there goes all of your credibility with me.
The Republican Party should distance themselves from Fox instead of embracing their lies. They are caught in a web of Deceit for Russia.
Please tell us you're ready to support the #impeachment of @POTUS @realDonaldTrump. Stop his movement of the goalposts to our democracy!
Why??? Having anything to do with Faux at all smells like treason.
I'll pass. I don't care what a Democrat has to say...
Fake news . Go to cnn or major  media
Every time I want to like you, I'm sadly reminded who you really are.
People who want facts don't watch Fox. They ARE fake news. Playing to the base Senator? #foxisfakenews
I adree with you 100%.
@LindseyGrahamSC I love your idea on health care!! It is the best I have heard so far!! As a doctor, I could not agree more
I totally agree with you and Graham!
Time for you to retire!
Your explanation was clear and I think super.
Never  Fox Fake News propaganda central
No thanks. You're A Deep State operative. Hope your gone soon.
BAD BAD BAD IDEA TO STRIKE NORTH KOREA!
Graham says "I WANT WAR. and I will CUT MILLIONS off of healthcare 2 pay 4 it, While I have GOVT CARE paid by taxpayers"
Graham troubled by report of Trump’s role in son’s Russia meeting response - POLITICO:
Are you troubled or concerned Senator?  Gosh, I sure wish there was some part of the government that actually had the power to do something!
I don't have a lot of respect for you sir. Care to resign? America needs term-limits, both parties. Thanks.
Fox = Fake News Network.
Nope...
Why the hell are you speaking to the media about our military strategies?
No thanks, can't stomach watching you lie and rant about everything we voted for.
Peoples' healthcare shouldn't be subject to the whims & politics of state governments. All Americans should have access to affordable care.
Follow Senator McCain's sage advice. Return the healthcare debate to regular order, and work on a bipartisan solution.
Of course you are
Sorry Lindsey --I'll have to pass.  You're more of a lib Leaner and I'd rather hear peeps who still subscribe to and practice conservatism
weren't you Richard Simmons the excersize guy back in the 80's?
Hell no - Lies and Fake stories
you are so irrelevant. Think I'll wash my hair instead.
He's a traitor to the working man! Really don't want to hear this person who says he loves America. GMAB "for the people by the people".
Why R U in the Resistance?
We didn't vote for u as president. 
We voted for President Trump & MAGA so u talk against him in Press? Not cool

For about five minutes, I thought you were the very first Republican that had any sense in his head at all. After the NBC interview, I don't
Senatorial&Congressional Pharaohs, LET USA PEOPLE GO to get what THEY want in HC without your bonds upon them, #AbsolutelyFreeHCMarket
Only acceptable Gvt meddling in HC is support for really poor-100%pvty line,children&retired NO Medicaid for (nearly)all NO!I won't pay 4 it
The only acceptable #HC solution is Gvt stepping aside letting free people of US buy HC from anywhere in US covering only what THEY want
aca compromise.repeal medical device tax,change employee mandate to 500 employees.subsidise insurance companies.kep medicaid as is
#HC : Give me FREEDOM or give me death.Grants to States w/o outright BAN on Gvt specifications of HC is not freedom #FreeMarket absltly FREE
we will never forget you for this and bashing our president every chance you http://get.You  are a traitor to our country
you have turned against the people in this http://country.You  don't care about the 400 million with no insurance due to high premiums
Interestng ideas but U still REFUSE to solve core of the problem:We US Ctzns MUST B able to get WHICHEVER HC cvrge frm WHEREVER w/o Gvt mand
I never watch Fox Noise!
Like your plan - give it to the states & let them work out what's best for them. If the citizens of a State become unhappy - vote them out.
Lindsey you are no good,http://retire.You  have been bought off and got filthy rich off tax payers dime.Trump for 8 years.
#ImpeachTrump
You lose credibility by appearing on FOX NEWS especially Foxandfriends which literally panders to the sick, deranged potus. Not good choice
I like you senator but Fox News is partisan and literally fake news for calling real news fake and for propagating conspiracy theories
You're afraid to go on a news station where you can't rehearse your questions first. Fox is an entertainment Network and not a news station
A decent person would not appear on that partisan station particularly in light of the Seth Richards breaking news. Outrageous
Can you get your republican friends to come to thier senses and use the 25th already. This guy is a joke. U.S. is a joke. DO SOMETHING!!
@LindseyGrahamSC rich/white/educated & lacking decency/respect for us little people. Have an independent thought and be human or be a SHEEP
Nope wouldn't waste my time watching OBSTRUCTIONIST RINO.
WHY do you speak on that shitty channel??!?
Barf
Instead of playing with Alyssa Milano and being a quasi democrate DO YOUR http://JOB.YOU  ARE SUPPOSED TO BE A REPUBLICAN
I WANT MY MONEY today LINDS,OR THERE is NO United States LEFT,EVERY day my money is held is one step closer to the Country's money SNATCHED!
Hey Mr. Graham America is unsettled over the latest allegation of Trump drafting Jrs. words.. America will not stand for a Obstructionist!
GOP wants to start a war that will kill millions of South Koreans and thousands of US military SAD
Grow a pair, Lindsey.
Yes, put the power back in the states, and don't stop with healthcare!
No sane American views Fraud & Friends. Why r u associating yourself w/ a network of serial liars!  You r a US Senator!
Have to cover for statements on @TODAYshow w/ @MLauer on the @GOP lying news network?! 
@LindseyGrahamSC is right…Block grants to the states is the right thing to do…It may give states choice 2 sell across state lines @RandPaul…
Mr.Graham make fake 45 sign the sanction bill against Russia ! America is getting FED UP
Why would we watch FOX when their in bed with Trump/Russia/FAKE  NEWS. HANNITY. Give us a break the majority of voters are SMARTER THAN THAT
Faux News. No thanks
U r useless #establishment #deepstate #NeverTrumper
Now you're going on the state run propaganda network what's wrong with you have you sold your soul to Donald Trump now
HEALTHCARE ALERT More important than @SenJohnMcCain vote Please report this!
WHAT HAPPENED TO FREEDOM TO CHOOSE THE HAPPINESS WE WANT THE HEALTHCARE WE WANT????
Why don't you conservatives get your news from REAL sources??
You're GASLIGHTING! Trumps words have NO weight. You're enabling him. You're using fear to re-gain #s in polls. QUIT IT! Shame on you!
While you are there maybe you can find out why they pursued that fake Rich Seth story? Fair and balanced?
Why hasn't Trump signed Russia sanctions bill? Take a security briefing. U don't know what ur talking about. Killing millions isn't option.

Get Lindsey Graham THE HELL OUT OF OFFICE! Vote his ass out!!! Trump 2020
Please get Trump out! He is destroying our country and our standing in the world! He is not a little nuts he is totally insane.
Full of Crap

Retire.
You should not qualify for Tricare after only serving on average one hour per year in the Air Force Reserves!!
Really on fox that completely destroyed a family that just lost a child, Seth's family was devastated and trump was involved
33 Years of Military Service?  Stolen valor!
No thanks.  You suck!  BBOOOORRRIIINNNNGGG!
No thank you - I don't find Fox News to be a credible news source.
Please also speak to the millions of Americans you're intent on harming with a plan worse than ones before.
Why don't you stay off tv and go to work?
Lindsey has to be replaced!!!!
Listen to Graham BS , no way
LINDSEY PLEASE DONT BE A WOLF IN SHEEPS CLOTHING..THERE ARE SO MANY SENATORS THAT ARE.PLEASE BE REAL AND HONEST AND FOR AMERICANS  NT YRSLF
FAkE FAKE FAKE.
They're an illegitimate news operation.  Have fun.
Why would you do that? IMHO, stick with a REAL news program, not a talk show :-/
Thought you were the smart one...why you goin on that shit show?
Term Limits! Please!!!
Brilliant HC plan that will actually pass. Great job!
No. I refuse to listen to propaganda. No decent person should go on that bastion of lies & misinformation. Shame on you.
Finally said something worth listening to.  At least no threats against Trump.  Thank You!
You are trying to save yourself from being primaried. This is one small step likely not enough.
You are BEYOND SICK
Are you going to discuss the new obstruction of justice revelation reported yesterday?
Nope
Do I really have a better grasp of the North Korean problem than you, a US Senator? No military option. Sorry.
Will you be discussing your love for the DemocRAT party?? You should just join them and stop pretending.
Do you have a plan for healthcare yet?
Where's your spine? I've seen flip flippers befor but you take the cake! #coward
No thank you. Unless it's your resignation
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC the Dems only like you till the can replace you. Try as hard as you want the Dems will only spit you out.

Since when is it ok for the US to be the laughing stock of the world? Clear and present danger by a clear and present liar!
You have to be the biggest sellout in @GOP history.  You and MCCain REALLY need to GO!
Better thing to do. IM WORKING
If you continue to ignore Yemen...well there's  no excuse for allowing babies to suffer for political reasons. He's your grandson. Fix this.
Didn't take long 4 the baby in chief to start his bowl of daily bs.
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out!
How about going on a real news station so Americans that like to have some facts can watch.
Talk to trump re Russia sactions bill. The ppl would like to hear today. NO EXCUSES.
Get R & R done! Senators being influenced by medical lobbies, benefactors and fake polls. My kids/grandkids are suffering with HC expense.
Workers of America gave Republicans a mandate. Republicans promised to deliver repeal and replace. They are caving to Democrats. WEAK!
Healthcare costs is like going to the store paying $100 for a carton of milk.
It's one thing to identify the madness in the White House. Quite another thing to actually do something about it. Keep on fiddling.
If you want us to listen, go on all networks, unless you TOO are preaching to the base.
Whn will U care abt AMERICANS + healthcare? Do away w Congress + staff  exemptions? EVERY LAW U INFLICT ON US = SAME LAWS! #InsiderTrading
If you do not REPEAL the ACA, you will be out on your ear. Do not make the mistake of thinking we'll be happy with small fixes. It's ALL BAD
Delusional fool! Your bill is #ObamacareLite leaves personal & business mandates. #KeepYourPromise #RepealObamacare
Just please do something. It's not just your party he's destroying. The GOP has a responsibility to everyone
If you really mean to be fair and balanced, show up on MSM and I will listen. I will not subject myself to Fox and Friends fake commentary.
Why would you a person if integrity go on STATE TV.
Senator Graham you are a toothless tiger. Being "bothered a lot" and "troubled" is not news. It is time one of you honor your oath! #wimp
Trump dictating junior's statement re: Russian meeting just "bothers" you? You spineless sad puppy POLITICO
No.
Like your healthcare plan Senator, and I'm from Massachusetts 

I watch real news
Term limits for Lindsey Looser.
You're going to be replaced,just like @JeffFlake  so keep being nasty.your tenure is getting short!
Wow. Nice of you to take time away from raping small children so that you can go spread lies via the #MSM- stay classy, Graham 
Be loyal to our constituents. 
STOP trying to kill the Affordable Care Act.
Work together with the democrats at fixing it.
Nope. We get enough fake news.
You have been exposed thanks to president Trump, your scam is over
Nope, now that I know you are part of again trying to repeal and replace the ACA instead of fixing it. No one is listening to the citizens.
Graham why just FOXFAKE News. Try MSNBC I love the MSM. You deserve better than FOXFAKE
no.
Please share the real truth. FOX viewers need to know!
No Lindz! Man with forked tongue 
Grab your pal McCain and tetire go away
Not a reputable channel to be on or watching. Americans want real news, not a Russian propaganda network.
CORRECT WATCH CNN THEY SAY RUSSIA,  RUSSIA,  RUSSIA.
Can't listen to a bunch of delusional fictional characters
I would rather watch a real news station but thanks anyway.
Graham:  If it's true that Trump

 wrote Don Jr's misleading statement
 obstructed justice
 harassed women

I'll keep supporting Trump
yes to returning h/care $ to states - equally.  end the $ grab from Cali, NY, etc. and bring decisions closer to the people.
Graham you need to know how unhappy Americans are with you. We don't like waste & that's what we get with Muller! We voted Trump
I do not listen to  Fox and Friends, Senator Graham.
