You can still do the right thing for the country and speak out against President Trump's lies, shady deals; have him release his taxes. 
He's refusing to do that.
You say AG Sessions had to recuse himself. Why aren't you - and Republicans as a whole - demanding that Justice Ginsberg recuse HERSELF??!
no thanks.  #partyovercountry
#countryoverparty
My senator has proven he has chosen party over country. Very disappointed.
Yea I don't think so
Why bother, people are not buying fake Russian propaganda tv anymore!!! We want our country back!  You are a traitor!!!
Left SC 16 years ago for a high tech job, not seeing myself come back anytime soon with its backwards selfish politics
I missed it.  Hopefully I can see you guys later. Always enjoy listening to you Mr. Graham!  
You gonna push term limits?
How low can you go?!
Sir given ur JAG exper, current svrce, pls look into SIGNIF issue for Vets on diff trtmnt by race on mil discipline https://www.google.com/amp/amp.usatoday.com/story/102555630/ …
Make sure to let Americans know you won't play partisan politics & allow President to obstruct an investigation he is a subject in! #Impeach
tune in, why, eunuch?
Clapper says Trump/Russia scandal more serious than Watergate. What are you & GOP doing to protect US democracy? Nothing else is more urgent
Republicans and brainwashing Fox because Fox is fake news BS and you Republicans never get called out on your BS
B-b-b-but @LindseyGrahamSC is very concerned. 

(very concerned about passing #Trumpcare in the dark, that is)
Do you speak to anybody else?
Please be on the right side of history.
Hear the ass  kissing now.
STOP cover LAIR trump TRANSPARENCY shows trump TAXES Russian tides conflict of interest NO more stupids tweets
No I think I will watch Rachel Maddow!
I tried, but it was just sad to hear you sold your soul to the devil! 
Are you interviewing for a job over there?
The Kurds are the most secular muslim group  ask the israeli's/Pres Erd cosies up to MBH toget voted in&hates the Kurds
Never before has there been a man who speaks so much and says absolutely NOTHING!
Wow that is so true
Wouldn't it save everyone time if you just emailed Don the Con's statement to them? We've already read what you will say.
I would...but I need to scoop the litter box
 Sorry.
Sad
Why bother? Listening to @LindseyGrahamSC is a waste of time
Sorry Sen. Graham.  I like you but can't bear to watch Fox
I switched over from MSNBC.  I hope you say something substantial to get rid of Trump.
No offense but... ah, ya, that'll happen.
Lol, have fun with that
To spread more bullshit
enjoyed watching u, except when u began praising Trump, i changed the channel
No
So you are a nationalist? Wow. Guess you are no longer credible to me.
If Congress can't stand with our President, I will never vote for an incumbent again. Stop the 81/2 year bickering and get to WORK! !!
More work, less interviews please.  We need tax cuts now!
Who really care
Shut up Lindsey. You lost my respect last week, so yeah just shut up. If I could vote you out I would.
Are you going to subpoena @realDonaldTrump 's returns?  How about the donors/records of oldest  Trump children's "charitable foundations"?
Who cares! Either get fully behind Trump or GET OFF THE TRAIN  U NEED TO LISTEN TO UR PEOPLE! #MAGA #TRUMP2020 #HOPEUDONTRUNAGAIN!! 
So fed up with you rhinos trying to shut the president up! We the People love our @POTUS
I quit watching FOX news. too right winged bias
Really, Lindsey?  No thank you!  I'm done with the slimy, pathetic lot of you @GOP .
value your input today. I hope Trump listens to you
Can't wait to see you backpedal after Trump goes down.
Who cares
I think you have done a good job in accepting @realDonaldTrump as @POTUS . I've been impressed with u working for Americas success.
Lindsey. Remove trump asa p
I bet you are girl
Thank you for finally supporting @realDonaldTrump! Make Comey answer every question, especially about the Clinton/Russia email. #MAGA
We dont watch propaganda. Sorry not sorry!
Nope
Really? On the fake news?
Good job! Hope you're sincere the American people are so sick of all the bickering and nothing getting done. We did our part now do yours.
#FauxNews is basically state run propaganda network.  Be interviewed by a real journalist & then I'll tune in. #FakeNews
That's a hard pass
I'd rather lick my bath tub clean !
Love to know what news the peeps calling Bret Baier "fake news" watch. Bret is about the last straight news left on TV.
Excellent segment! Interesting insights & outstanding advice for @POTUS including backing off twitter @FoxNews @BretBaier
Why do you only go on Fox News, the Trump channel? Oops! I think I know the answer.
Sadly, I believe @POTUS ego will continue to get in his and Americas way! #narcissisticidiot
No thank you
Excellent interview with Brett Baier. Lindsey Graham for President!
your back in the traitor mccain club in 65million americans eyes
lindsey just when you started to seem like an OK person, you blew your cover.
Fox News? No sir. If you want me to watch, try a respectable network. I am one of your constituents,  sir.
if you are one of his constituents you are lucky. He is a reasonable man and gives great advice.
no thanks, not fox!
Just resign you putin puppet just like the rest of the GOP
Good show! Thanks for your support. I hope he listens.
the world will end before i put that sewer channel on my TV....I love my country and i love truth.
Lord.....
No Thanks, Educated Viewers don't tune into *Sly as a Fox Fake News*
No we ain't tuning in until you guys stop stabbing our president and help him move his legislative agendas.
No thanks. Pass.
It may be a good idea for you and the rest of the republicans to start separating yourself from Trump. 
you're a traitor to your uniform. so glad i never served with you. pitiful.
With respect. Plse address the working millions that had to drop their HI of cost. You only talk about the 20 million suck off the system.
Try a legitimate news group occasionally instead of Faux News.
Good job  pleasantly surprised
Of course you are. Fox? And nazi news?  How low have you sunk?
Loved your interview w BretBaier Instead of relying on Presi watching it& heeding your advice pls go2him in person&advice him of what u said
Watch how you step. He'll take you down with him.
I tuned in . I did not hear anything that excited me.
Hope you get Comey to answer WHY he wasn't investigating the leaks and unmasking...where's his memos on THAT if he WAS!
Great interview #Graham, let's get @POTUS agenda passed and stop blaming dems..
Here's an idea. How about going on network that isn't Trump-approved? Afraid they'll ask hard questions you won't/can't answer? #CorruptGOP
Wouldn't watch propaganda arm of GOP FAUX "news" for $.... sad that you pander to them.
And, this 
Lindsey Graham on Trump Russia: "I don't believe Trump colluded with the Russians because I don't think he colludes with his own staff." 
Good advice. Tweet about anything but the investigation. "Let it [investigation] clear you." I agree.
Lindsey you are NOT the President you don't call the shots. How dare you make all excuses about repeal and replace as if you are in command
I ca not believe what you just said !  Your train of thought is not in align with the American people.  Stop demeaning #POTUS
Well, of course you are. Your soul mates. #stepup
Yes, please keep helping @POTUS,he seems to care what we all think.And would agree with us that we're glad Obama"s gone.
Can't believe I am about to say this, but I AGREE with everything you said to Bret Baier Re: @POTUS .
Every time Ive heard Sen Graham speak on any news its always reasonable.  Today he was spot on.
Keep covering up for Putin-coddling Drumpf & calling lyin' Jeff Sessions a good man $enator. Party 1st, right scumbag? #TrumpRussia
You think @POTUS should trust you? You're barely behind @SenMcCain in RINO status.
Great interview Senator.  Please repeat what you said to POTUS. Hope he listens. Good advice.
Great job @LindseyGrahamSC !! So calm and level headed!
Ugh.  Why, why, why? "I really like Donald"
@realDonaldTrump keep the tweets coming. To hell with the @GOP new story line!
I would watch you on @maddow  ....
U think I can let Obamacare die and have no ramifications? R u insane? U walk away w nothing and trust me the Reps will OWN IT ALL!!
U can't let it die and just walk away and say "we didn't create it"
That will never fly! U must have a plan and let them vote it down
Are you being compensated by TrumpTV? Just curious.  also, how's the Russia investigation going? Any updates?
Guy is a such a freaking TOOL. Yo Lindsaayyy "single payer cradle to grave is the healthcare YOU have".. You lying tallywacker. #TrumpRussia
No. Go on the "real" news!
REAL NEWS:  RNC/GOP USES MAFIA TACTICS TO INTIMIDATE JAMES COMEY AND PROTECT TRUMP AT ALL COSTS!
Why not NBC?
Really! NBC is the real news network That's a joke of the day
Thanks but I'm good.. we know all we need to know about you, coward.
Please address massive problem in White House. You have tremendous power. Join with @SenJohnMcCain, Collins, @BenSasse, + Senate Dems.
Did you talk about Russia hacking Qatar!?!?!?
So 2 liars oh boy.
Why can't I find you on real news outlets anymore?
So what r the real news networks? I don't know of any Pls enlighten me
Tell us Linsey what does the Fox say?
Please pull ur heads out of Trumps @$$ & do what is right for all citizens...bipartisan cooperation is the only way 2 fair & lasting change
Yeah jane, bipartisan now, but 8 years ago, no.
All years... bi partisan accomplishes more for the long run.  True and admired leaders are the ones that get that.
Nah. Hard pass. Not a fan of state run TV.
I wouldn't be tuning in for some reason my tv rejects that brainwashing Fox crap channel only the ones drinking the koolaid will tune in
I think Baier is alright, but the network sure seems like state-run media, as a whole.
hiding out behind the FoxNews alternative reality shield again? 
Why? to hear you spout lies on a channel that does airs false & misleading information? You are no patriot & it will be recorded in history.
pls answer why @POTUS is SO easily playing into Russian fake news??? Qatar?!
you better get with the program boy or the wheels of fate going to grind you to dust. Hell, they will anyway so carry on.
I bet this random reply with no useful info can get more likes than your tweet.Dont forget to mention your pres is under fbi investigation
Great, waste your time on the Trump propaganda outlet. @foxnews @foxandfriends sycophants not journalists
Sorry. Don't ever watch FAUX News #FakeNews
Make sure you shower afterwards!
More Trump bashing, Senator??
Pass
Why?  To watch you be tossed softball questions and handled with kid gloves?  Pass.
No thanks, gonna watch the squirrels outside my 
Those squirrels have a better reputation for reporting truth.
lol so true!
Nah.
Try a different news show and I'll watch. Fox doesn't work on my TV.
Then you will continue to get lies and phony news. Wake up or leave
No thanks. Go on a channel that isn't 99% propaganda and I'll tune in!
speak about russia and the dangers to this country
Fox? Never happen.
Lord help us.
Sorry won't waste my time watching @FoxNews
