It sounds like little Lindsey is on George Soros payroll!
The RHINO, Swamp Rat is demonstrating 'weakness' by appearing on CNN?Fake news to criticize our President. Find a hobby like Senate work!
Impeach trump. Enough talk, impeach trump now.
Trump is just mad his fall guy saved himself..
Why doesn't anyone bring up the fact that Trump has already fired Sally Yates  for bring Up Mike Flynn's problems ?
So can Hilary get the same treatment?
Be Quiet You Russian Bot !
And if anyone knows anything about "weakness" its swamp dwelling endless war advocate @LindseyGrahamSC
Psychologically, this is true.  But don't for a moment believe that his weakness of character/mental wellbeing, is a weakness of power.
. Graham has no backbone at all, he's still mad because we are smarter than he thought, we elected Trump.
correction Trump demonstrated weakness when he worked with Russians to get PUTIN office @LindseyGrahamSC high crimes and misdemeanors period
.
Cnn is ISIS
all the crap that trump has pulled and this is what finally gets you to do something? God help us all, for crying out loud. DO SOMETHING
I agree!
McCain is done, Graham is next.
YEAH, SOME SENATORS DO HAVE THEIR OWN BRAIN, AND NOT FOLLOW TRUMP BLINDLY!! THERE IS HOPE 4 AMERICA!!
TY @LindseyGrahamSC  
Agree POTUS is weak. 
Also taking your words about using the power I have personally.
Understatement of the day.
Sir! Keep yourself on cnn!! All of you snakes in the Republican party. If you hate POTUS say it!! At least President Trump is transparent!!
Nothing he can do about it, besides acting indignant. Ha ha.
@POTUS. First media wants transparency. When Trump expresses his feelings about Sessions in public, the media now wants it to be private.
He hides behind his title because he's so Weak!
Get rid of swamp snake.He can't bully Session out of office.Sen. Session is a fine public servant doing well.
All due respect but a fine public  servant Sessions is not.
Trump is a coward. Doesn't want to take responsibility, it's on others. Someone get rid of Sessions, I don't want too. He might slap me
@LindseyGrahamSC demonstrates weakness every time he votes. all grandstanding.
This is the only only only decent thing that Trump has done
Denying 10s of millions access to healthcare just fine w Lindsay. Going after racist evil minion of traitorous deranged loon. Too far!
Hey @sengraham2016 Why don't you say that on the Senate Floor, or anywhere else where it friggin counts for more than a sound byte?
@LindseyGrahamSC your to stupid to have a clue what sessions and trump are doing
It would be nice if the Senator would put the attacks on his Country's Democracy before Trumps attacks on Sessions.
Why do all you Sen's Get all chatty like li'l women whenever you have a mic in ur face.. Sometimes less is more Sen. Grahm
@jaketapper maybe he and the GOP needs to stand up to Trump for once. Our Democracy has took too many hits already.
#CNN - bottom feeders of the mainstream media! And the proof is in the amount of viewers actually listen! Number 13 in ratings! 
Senator Graham-I can see your pt.Trump is not wrong AG is not performing to expectationsHe shouldnt have taken the job if he had to recuse
If sessions isn't doing his job then he needs to be replaced!
why didn't he use the words lunacy and unhinged. grow a pair lindsey
The Senator is definitely an expert on weakness!!!!
Then do something about it @LindseyGrahamSC, you coward! Instead of talking to reporters, talk to fellow @gop to #ImpeachTrump...
Graham is one of the problems in Washington. He needs to go!
@LindseyGrahamSC ...our @POTUS is not like the majority of government officials who sneak and stab people in the back! TRUMP WON! #GETOVERIT
Lindsey Graham shows weakness by just speaking.
Grahams a talking head twit
Insane & McCain thank god one will be gone soon & the other would be voted out if SC didn't have open primaries
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC, thanks for finally noticing. We've only been telling you for about a year now. He's proven the @GOP to be weak, too.
Coming from a guy who couldn't win his own state.
I don't think Mr.President has weakness and he don't trust Jeff Sessions or anybody else he needs to fired them
Whining and media hogging is not a real response. Shut up until you get some courage.
Weakness and cowardice. Too eak to be a Dictator and get away with it. Too big of a coward to fire Sessions man to man. #WeakTrump
Shut up, Linda.
More like cowardice. True to the insecure bully personality. Sick!
"Integrity is the lifeblood of democracy. Deceit is a poison in its veins." -Edward Kennedy
Trump is a weak, impotent little man. Some of us saw that right from the start
POTUS should star in a new reality show we could call "COWARDLY LYIN'
You are the man!  A real American Guardian of our Constitution.
And the GOP is showing their weakness by not doing something about this mad man!!
@GOP
@CNNPolitics is showing their weakness, as @foxnewspolitics &  @OANN are only networks broadcasting live all the new manufacturing jobs.
Why did Lindsey never marry, or have a girlfriend
Like the weakness of not charging crooked hillary, we're there's tons of evidence against her.@realDonaldTrump
I think @LindseyGrahamSC  is very correct about @realDonaldTrump on @jeffsessions
Yes he is!!!!!!
Maybe time for @LindseyGrahamSC to demonstrate strength by facing the real problem.  Press house to impeach.
Quit blowing off Graham and help fix the health care bill!
Trump has no loyalty
When WH is occupied by a fraud, bigot & betrayer, instead of objections a Senator offers another euphemism. This enables more bombast.
Trump will prove how very weak he is by not having the backbone to attack Lindsey Graham. Spineless! Cowardly! Chicken!
So today the wind has you blowing against #45. Tomorrow will be different.
Well said @LindseyGrahamSC time for @GOP to pull together and get this delusional @realDonaldTrump to task
Nobody cares what Graham says!
Graham talks tough but votes with Trump every time. Ask him to turn around and interview his other face.
You love to get in TV huh?
This is wrong for you to state publicly against our President,even if he is wrong. You're just as bad as he is Say it privately, no publicly
What makes you any better? Speaking out publicly about Pres.Trump is disrespectful and underminds him and his authority.
You need to support Trump more Remember WE THE PEOPLE elected him because we WANT him to do the things he promised.Quit obstructing him.
BECAUSE he is weak he attacks anyone with more education, common sense, morals, and that are more respected and attract honest loyalty.
Weakness?  That's all you can say?  Really?  Are you kidding me?  Try again!
True
CNN is the only network that still interviews this useless, wanna be Democrat.
What about gop attacks on americans.   You guys stick together to protect ypurselves
It is a continuation of bullying behavior...weak people are bullies
The American President is unqualified for the office of President of the U.S.  The American President is in fact weak @realDonaldTrump !
Is it weakness to be sadistic? Trump is totally centered around himself. He is mean, sadistic, narcissistic, misogynistic. He short he SUCKS
@realDonaldTrump #WorstPotusEver
And LGBT Service Members!
And Graham is portraying @gop weakness by not doing anything about it. #maga #CORRUPTION
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump is a coward doesn't have the courage 2 look a man in the eye! Acting very guilty #Factsmatter
I really don't like Sessions, but Trump's attacks are those of a coward.  He wants Sessions to resign so he can say he was not fired.
I agree with @LindseyGrahamSC . @HouseGOP move to #ImpeachTrumpNow
Yes they all know Trump is a weak president, but they will continue to support his obcene agenda, because they are party over country.
All bullies are fundamentally weak and cowardly.
Yes- So what is Senator Graham doing about any of this?
@POTUS NOT Trying2 GET #JeffSessions 2 Quit! Remeber #Comey accusing #Trump Collusion? He cant take #Sessions aside- he's making it Public
this is how he operates though. Not weakness, just who he is. The challenge is we are not use to this in politics. And it's ugly.
yet politics is ugly so maybe shouldn't be so shocked?
This man is a coward
The only thing Graham knows is creating lies about Trump
Wow, you are so brave Sen! Not. Just a lickspitittle for the media. They always use the Rhinos to do their dirty work.
The attacks will stop immediately if Sessions starts doing his job.
I think how #FakeNews always goes to the one Rep that does not like @POTUS 
This guy does not represent the R Party and does not speak 4 me!
Not only is DJT weak! Hes a bully and a coward!
AG needs to punish leakers and jail HRC. If he can't, fire him and find someone who can!
Weakness? He is a turd, period.
Lindsey Graham never supported Pres. Trump since day one. He is a Rino Republican just like a lot of others there going to be voted out.
Sen. Lindsey is abstractionist, for 8 years he did nothing, just complain, we have Republican president and still complain, he is BUSH man.
The only thing he's showing is BULLYING is ok, the young will see and understand what Trump is doing and believe its there right @POTUS
He is disgraceful
He really does likes Putin.

What do you expect when you have a village idiot as president lol @potus
But @LindseyGrahamSC won't do anything about it.  All talk no action!  Like @SenJohnMcCain, Graham is just another Fake Maverick!  Cowards!
Shut up rhino! Career politician one of many problems in DC
Lindsey would Nuke Russia. We don't take what he says seriously. CNN should hire him.
@LindseyGrahamSC @nedryun Weak. Our president is weak, Ned
Just basic weakness and hypocrisy and ignorance in every aspect through every pore in his retched stinking body.
He does that with respect to women, transgender, Russian investigation, money laundering and on & on ••• really a sick man w mental issues
finally Dana Bash said it"" when are rep. Going to say enough"" please people I'm 62 and see America going south with this thug!
Smart man @LindseyGrahamSC .
For once!
Lmao, who gives a shi+ what some blowhard RINO has to say! He should leave the party ASAP!!!
You overlooked Obama's treason & MANY scandals then have nerve to call @POTUS weak?! GOP for 8 years were poster child for weakness→ 8 YEARS
Whats weak is all these crys for impeachment. Trump is kickin that ass. So exciting. Keep up the pressure. And cjange the liberal bs policys
Let's call it what it is: He's trying to obstruct justice.
And this is hurting the GOP MoC. The female Senators have more balls than the men.
As well as incompetence for hiring all these people who he later says aren't doing the job.
Well, Graham, you're just as spineless as Trump as all you do is fluff words and take no actions... #GopCowardice
Face to face,that's the right way to sack someone
Like you
He shouldn't of recused himself. That shows weakness
Words are wind.
25th amendment
He does not behave like a good manager would - praise in public,  punish in private.
@LindseyGrahamSC   Also with his transgender attack.
More than weakness! @POTUS is psychotic! What is it going to take? His juvenile behavior is embarrassing! #GOP should unite & address this!
But he still votes for R and Trump policies so  he's all bark no bite.
But it is keeping his base focused on something other than the "WINNING" they were promised!  #presidunce @realDonaldTrump
We agree. It's time the Pres gets out of his anger & see all his agenda getting done by Sessions. He's doing the Pres biding very good.
Kind of like the weakness all of you spineless R's are showing in enabling him?!?
Yes. Correct. @LindseyGrahamSC
@LindseyGrahamSC but u still support his mean spirited administration.  Speaks volumes about you as well.
Public Trashing of the AG?  Does the DOJ have ability to file complaint, sanction POTUS for Obstruction?
blah, blah, blah... talk all you want. DO something about this crazy president!
The CNN story should've mentioned Gramam talks the talk, but DOES NOT walk the walk. He's brave on Sunday shows, & coward in the Senate.

And the GOP exudes strength in their rejection of his behavior?
@LindseyGrahamSc @GOP @HouseGOP don't just talk Take actions against @realDonaldTrump Your nonaction speaks volumes #RESISTANCE
All magat actions show weakness
Fight him Lindsey!!!  There is something seriously wrong with this guy
oh lindsey Graham, if Trump watched this, he will be Yosemite Sam- ing up the country until someone else inspires him.
Whats the latest on the Awan brothers story?
And @LindseyGrahamSC will still spinelessly support the vast majority of Trumpy's agenda.

Graham, are you going to defend the trans ban?
"...faking [weakness] proves it is real.No, you can’t ever fake being weak. You can 
only fake being strong." Kesey Sometimes a Great Notion
Linsey better be careful before he becomes the target and his dirty laundry gets exposed...Trump knows all.
The @GOP @LindseyGrahamSC look just as weak we now see their is no balance of power and all the GOP can do is talk & no action with the Prez
No Senator Graham the president reported to the bosses we are the bosses the American people about a subordinate who is not doing his job
Traitor.
@realDonaldTrump #LaffAtTrump    Donnie - you are being laughed at by your own party.
Lindsay Graham is demonstrating "weakness" by watching and doing nothing.
He' still votes w/ Trump. Why can't he get the GOP to stand up against Trump and stop this train wreck of a Presidency. #dictatorisnotRusa
One word- agenda
This makes a lot of sense dont it Graham... Soro's bought you off... http://globusunited.com/6-republicans-took-secret-payments-clinton-destroy-trump/ …
You voted for, and supported Trump for President, even against sound reasoning, so eat it Senator Graham.
Agreed
Lindsey Graham is a pussy
@LindseyGrahamSC  keep calling it for  what it is, sir!  Hopefully reason will prevail
Trump is a loose cannon.
I disagree with Sen. LINDSAY GRAHAM. IT SHOWS STRENGTH. The kind of strength& incite SESSIONS should have had and not recluse &allow Mueller
#FAKENEWS
Go get him Senator.  This is make or break time for this countryTrump is a SICK man and everyone knows it.
Little LInsey is a Democrat -- immigration etc... Trump needs to campaign against this double agent.
Trump's small-handed treatment of his loyalists should give pause to those he hasn't attacked...yet.

Tx @LindseyGrahamSC 

#BlufftonSC
Weakest, most unfit man-child ever elected!
Sen Graham has shown weakness for 8 years as he let everyone in SC down. No more Graham in 2018
@LindseyGrahamSC  talking to fake news. Seems he loves gossip - or just stirring the pot. Why Mr Graham? @GOP put you up for doing it?
Lipservice Lindsey
Hello Pot, meet kettle.  Why don't you stand up to him if you are so offended?
Bullies are cowards.
Lindsay Graham still made Trump gave out his cell number
Sen. Graham, what are you going to do about it?
GOP stand up and do your job. Tell Trump he is out of control and needs to stop the abuse he is inflicting on this country. IMPEACH the FAKE
Graham sees POTUS as weak everything!Another republican that will not support Trump on any agenda.Weakness is in both parties no leadership
You reap what you sow.
