2/2 Abortion is a personal choice and NONE OF YOUR DAMN BUSINESS!! Keep your religion to yourself!
Are you going to help care for the already-born babies? Healthcare, food, shelter, clothing, education and emotional support?
Gun control so they don’t get shot by a semiautomatic weapon at concerts or on the street?
300+ people in Vegas felt a lot of pain Sunday but you are too busy being all up in a woman's vagina! Leave it to the Doctors!
If only GOP gave a  about them after they are both. You are so bloody hypocritical.
I wish you were this concerned about babies AFTER they were born.
You forgot to protect the children who are already born
They don’t care about them. They care about no abortions and then whine when nobody can afford the kid they had.
When you understand less about embryonic development than an 8th grader you should not have any power to make laws regarding women’s health.
They also feel pain when you circumcise them.
I can think of so many situations that I wouldn’t want to be born into.
You are wrong on this issue. It should be a woman's decision, period. Stop pandering to the far right.
We're all feeling pain - but you're doing nothing to get rid of Trump and ease it.
The experts overwhelmingly disagree. That being the case, why don't you adopt them all
"...and then they're born and we don't give a crap!"
Incredibly fake pseudo science. Such nonsense. Stick to mandating fish on Friday’s.
Btw - 83 likes for a US senator who posted 7 hrs ago is not a rousing endorsement of your policy.
What about the pain the child will go through when born with horrific genetic disorders? Keep your religion out of politics
And out of other people's reproductive parts.
Lindsey so now you're going to be on the bandwagon for conservative issues? By  derailing our president's agenda you are against us...
Please Sir- Mind your own Vagina- You couldn't find the time to Vote on CHIP- It seems quite hypocritical- don't you think? #GoldStarDad
.wish u could feel my pain @SenateMajLdr how about 8million ALIVE kids who need you 2fund CHIP
Debate HEARTBEAT bill if you really want to save children
Seriously.  Who cares?   Americans in PR need help.  In WVa. In Hampton and  Colleton and Orangeburg! You have so much cred don't waste it?
Getting really sick and tired of GOP legislating women’s reproductive choices.
Work on something IMPORTANT, LIKE GUN CONTROL...this is crazy
Just shut up !
Gosh I hate that I can’t vote for you next timewrong direction on this issue
how about a bill to protect living children from pain? #GunControlNow
Lie - not real science
How about a Born Child protection act: healthcare, gun control, minimum wage...
u said "America is at her best when she’s standing up for the least among us" yet u were willing 2 take healthcare away fr 32 mi living ppl
Check w/Murphy on that. He thinks it's ok to get abortions. Oh right, Repubs = hypocrites. Actually you give hypocrites a bad name.
Your support is all about the .money paid you getting from that con fool you all tricksters yes politricksters  big talker no balls f..l
Wow, playing the pro-life card this early in the game. Real pro life is gun control & health care. Trying caring for kids outside the womb
Don’t take away birth control, so maybe there will be less need for abortions. Women have a right to control their own lives. GOP=HYPOCRISY
You're not my doctor, and you're not me. You have no business deciding my medical treatment and options in any way.
You know who else can definitely feel pain? Gunshot victims. #SensibleGunLaws
Sure you support that conman fool you have no balls he is a lying con big baby wait we going to vote u all out an keep you all running
1/2 This kind of legislation is based entirely religious BS. America is built on separation of church and state.
SHAME ON YOU AND YOUR MISOGYNISTIC COHORTS. ITS ABOUT CONTROLLING WOMEN. HYPOCRITICAL HANDS OFF OUR BODIES!!
Imagine pain of child w chronic illness & preventable ailments like tooth decay, ear infection? Imagine  school/work missed to sit in ER?
Slaughter by guns hurts too. Are you going to do anything about that?
Why is it that the only time you want the government to tell people what to do is with a women's body ?
No abortion! Those fetuses need to be born and grow up to be killed in a mass shooting like a REAL American.
No such thing as an unborn child. There are embryos & fetuses in the uterus. The babies are OUTSIDE the uterus.
Nothing more important to do - CHIPs, budget or maybe IMPEACH the fucking moron in the White House!
You have never married, never had children, are a man, and are unqualified to be developing bills that impact women' reproductive rights.
If this is so important to u, then how could you allow CHIP to expire?   Why do u not seem 2 care about babies after they’re born?
You must be glad you aren’t a woman.Or a poor woman.Or a rural woman.Or anyone who wants to have 100% control over their own God given body.
What about the "Pain Capable Born Humans Protection Act" ?See #healthcare #daca #PuertoRicoRelief #gunviolence
says the guy with NO wife, with NO children.  Probably never even seen a vagina up close and personal.
Really, Lindsay? 20 6 yr olds were murdered by a gunman & you have done nothing! You don’t care about life, you care about controling women.
You're the scum of the earth Lindsey. The @GOP motto: "Let the children live so we can kill them with nonexistent gun laws!"
There are so many other issues you could be working on.
(2)That would be more merciful than ripping their face away to get the brainstem before they even die!
(1)American means nothing if we take our unborn & step on them & squish them like bugs under our feet! -
You should be ashamed to show more interest in fetuses than thousands of dead from gun deaths.
So protect the unborn but once they're born they're on their own? I don't understand the logic of your policies
Never mind this is not based on actual #Science, how about intro the “Pain-Capable Country Music Festival Protection Act?! #GOPFail
Victims of gun violence definitely feel pain. Nothing else should be debated on. #GunControlNow
How about protecting us after we're born by passing common sense gun control and automatic weaponry controls? @CNN @realDonaldTrump
You're Probirth, not Prolife.  The ultimate hypocrisy.  Can we get a hearing on automatic weapons?
How about a compromise. Most Americans want restrictions on both assault weapon ownership and abortion after 20 weeks. Why not?
This is a PROBLEM! Not women's rights to choose. More morons showing up everyday.
#killingwomen
Why r u so eager to make abortions hard to get but not guns? Not saying ban guns, just make it as difficult as you want abortions to be.
You're entire time in gov has been a shameful waste of time at the expense of the country. Keep chipping away our greatness.
If you can't stand up and do something regarding gun control you are useless. This is all about getting one win in your column, not lives.
This will kill women. You are not pro-life.
Let me know when your leaving congress, That's the only thing I want to watch you do.
No!  Leave women’s health care choices to the women. How dare you legislate their decisions. Shame.
You pretend to care about life but embrace the NRA which takes away lives, look at cuts to the poor lives. You're a sham and the  sees it.
And there is absolutely NO MEDICAL EVIDENCE to back this claim. None. Bill built on a lie.
WHAT ABOUT THE FUCKING LIVING???? Get off ypur moral high horse and bring some ideas to the table that secure the health and safety of US!
Do uninsured sick children feel pain?
Thank you for supporting this!!
When will you care about the post-womb humans, though?
Pander much?!?
Be nice if you cared as much about here & now children as you do about the unborn. You want babies born so you can deny them healthcare.
Pain is going an extra day or two with a sinus or ear infection because mom doesn't have insurance. Pain is not being able to afford Rx. 
ur bill takes care of the unborn, but once the child is born, no healthcare. #hypocriteGOP
What about the pain of all the kids on CHIP that was just defunded? Oh yea they don’t matter, they are already born
Where is the medical literature (peer-reviewed, legitimate) that supports fetal pain??
There were 600 "pain capable" people shot on Monday but you refuse to ban assault weapons. Hypocrite.
You are putting women and babies in jeopardy. If so concerned about children why did you let CHIP lapse putting 9 MILLION children at risk?
Yet you take away Children’s ins.
Support prenatal care, parental leave, women's health, universal pre-k, and SNAP. Then I'll believe you are pro-life.
-how about the babies/children already here...you let CHIP expire without a second thought....that's pro-life?  Hypocrite
You dont know what you are talking about.
If you applied the same amount of regulation to gun ownership as you do to women’s reproductive systems, you really would be pro-life.
People being shot by assault rifles feel pain - just saying
Stay out of my vagina!!!
You are NOT #prolife if you take blood money from @NRA
Women do not terminate pregnancies after 20 weeks for kicks. You are forcing unimaginable pain and suffering into adult women.
Bullshit. You don't know what you're talking about and that makes you a fool. Worry about the living children you took insurance away from
What about the pain of those shot with an assault rifle? Don't we care enough about them to have the weapons banned?
Not quite sure why you guys think you have the moral authority to make this decision?
For another perspective: George Carlin: Pro Life, Abortion, And The Sanctity Of Life
Cystic fibrosis - terminal genetic disease. Kids drown in their own mucus. Forcing families to bring to term then watch them die is cruel.
What about the children right now?  Hypocrites.
Repubs love to put bureaucrats between patients and their doctors.
Optional abortions after 20 weeks does not happen. What does happen is medically necessary abortions after 20 weeks. So now you are all MDs?
Just stop and do something useful for a change
If it won't stop all abortions, why do it at all?   I mean isn't that your argument on gun regulation?
Youre either pro-life or not. Cant be pro-life with fetuses and not pro-life for those already born.  Spineless NRA puppet.
You know all those kids who get shot due to our hideous lack of gun regulations ALSO feel pain, right, bud?
You really are cut off from regular Americans. You're infested with big money and religion. Shame on you.
You're practicing medicine without a license, which is a crime.
Children involved in mass shootings feel pain. Can't we focus on gun control ???
What about the kids already born? You let CHIP expire you hypocrite
Victims of gunshot wounds feel pain, too. So do the grieving families. If you’re really pro-life, prove it! #GunControlNow
Based on what evidence? Get your religion out of our healthcare.
What is White Men debate what women can do with their body for $200 Alex.
You sir should have the good sense to focus on economics. Divisive politics should not be ur priority.
how about that oath you swore--protect and defend against all enemies foreign and domestic? Ring a bell? #GOPCoverup #GOPCorruptAF
OK, Lindsey, You're right. Now will you take care of those babies after they are born? Or work on stripping healthcare from them? #SaveACA
What about taking care of children AFTER they are born? You are not pro-life, you are pro-babies.

You know who else feels pain?  Everyone you tried to kick off healthcare & those you won't protect w/common sense gun laws. #Hypocrite
According to medical experts they don't. Also most abortions at that stage are due to severe medical issues.
You grow to be more of an embarrassment to the state every day.
No vagina? GET THE FUCK OUT OF MINE!  #hypocrites
#PROGOD #PROGUN and #PROLIFE
Talk to an embryologist or a gyn.  Or do you care about truth?
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
You do not have the right to regulate my uterus 

Until you grow a womb STAY OUT OF MINE
2/2-The left is so out of touch with morality. You scream for your rights, yet you deny them to those who don't have voices
I haven't found one tweet that approves with this get the Fn hint
That takes care of biggest chunk of abortions. Then health of mother determines the rest.
I'm a huge fan of yours, but it's not your place to discuss this issue.  Press for birth control and sex Ed. 1/2
You have no right!  If you won't help the living!  Leave women alone!
I'm sure this guy would be more than happy to explain it to you, too.
Hi Rep. Trent Franks. I’m a researcher and abortion provider. This isn’t actual science. I’d be happy to educate you about it if you’d like. https://twitter.com/RepTrentFranks/status/914889566825385985 …
1/2-Christian Americans applaud your actions Sen. Graham!  The first step in securing more rights for unborn children!
What about their pain after they are born?
Or have them die due to no health insurance.  At least Lindsey will have organ donors
The GOP is only prolife in utero, after that they don't give a fuck how much pain you are in. #antiguncontrol, #antihealthcare
Please stop acting like you care about babies. Your Graham-Cassidy bill said all we need to know about how you feel about women and babies.
Government intrusion at its best
I feel pain at 62 with you supporting Trump and his agenda. When are you going to do something about that
If only you legislated gun safety to the same degree you legislate women's bodies!
Americans also feel pain when you support the NRA's slaughtering of people.
Yes, let’s keep worrying about the un born, and keep ignoring the living ie: Puertorican
You know who else feels pain? The human females, reduced to incubators, denied basic reproductive healthcare choices & civil rights.
the hypocrisy of the the GOP on full display: no CHIP, no common sense gun laws, no healthcare. Infuriating!
Can you launch the new “Save us from this president ACT”? Soon. If the core 3 dudes leave then so are we.
Senator Graham, how does the fetus pain compare to the pain children without CHP feel?
How about the "I Don't Want to Pay For Your Boner Pill Act". Less abortions if more of you GOP pervs kept the limp d*ck God intended.
ONCE YOU LOSE IT, ITS GONE (TM)
In the old days, when old guys "softened up" they wrote the bible. I feel like anti-boner pill legislation is needed to restore morality.
Speaking as an aging white guy, I can tell you aging white guys totally suck. I'm willing to hand over the keys. Who's with me?
Yet you take insurance away from their mothers, and them when they are born. You have a strange sense of morality.
Again, do you understand what this is? You were confused about it last time. #LindseyGrahamKillsWomen
If you were actually pro-life you would care about the citizens of this country and it's obvious that you don't by your actions
hey... DEAL WITH THE MASS SHOOTINGS MAYBE?
Tim Murphy isn't alone, hes just another http://Hassert.GOP  wants to control women but ignore Russian attack on America.
Total BS name and total BS bill. The social cons will never love you no matter how hard you try.
Think you will stop us? Think again.
Our bodies. Our choice.
#FakeChristians
Hi Rep. Trent Franks. I’m a researcher and abortion provider. This isn’t actual science. I’d be happy to educate you about it if you’d like. https://twitter.com/RepTrentFranks/status/914889566825385985 …
Real pro lifers want already born children to have health insurance!
What are you doing to assure a high quality of life once born‽ If ACA repealed you are responsible for even more pain for these children.
Stop legislating the female body!!!
Thank God.  I was about to think you had forgotten about SC.
Fuck yeah! Finally introducing gun control and universal mental healthcare! You’re saying enough with mass shootings! Oh, wait...
You ppl cld not POSSIBLY be bigger hypocrites!

But I'll take a line f/ur Klan this wk "if ppl r going to break the law, u can't stop them"
This is the same guy who, with Senate ldrshp failed to reauthorize CHIP. He's only "pro-life" while a child is in utero, once born, screw em

how about we let women and their doctors make decisions for what's healthiest for their family?
Do you really believe @realDonaldTrump the MORON in Chief will sign this?
UNACCEPTABLE. Stop this. This is a personal and painful choice - NOT to be made by YOU or ANYONE in our govt. STOP
Each because with all the crap going on now this is what you need to focus on. Are you so desperate to pass a bill? Any bill? Seriously?
You are ruining women’s lives. STOP your fetus worship.  You just took healthcare away from 9MM children.  What’s #prolife about that?
Do you also have a video about the pain caused by semiautomatic and assault rifles on the already born? #LIFELiberty&ThePursuitOfHappiness
I hope you checked with your colleagues first to be sure none of them asked their paramours to get abortions before you jumped on this bill.
@Bloomberg; @WSJ @AP @Reuters @BBC @AJC @LATimes @WashingtonPost  very important happening right now in #Congress to save the baby humans :
NC's 20 week ban almost made us make a rushed decision after getting bad (but incomplete) news at our daughter's 19wk ultrasound.
Almost all abortions >20 weeks are cases where there are profound medical issues. This is bad policy that will CAUSE unnecessary abortions.
Stop being so grandiose about what is a painful decision between and woman and her caregiving AND SHOULD REMAIN THERE!
Shame on you, Senator.  Your contempt for women and their ability to make their own choices is appalling #mybodymychoice
Your not pro life your pro birth. Why else would you want to take health care away from babies, kids and those with disabilities
#NoMorePain with #GunControlNow
@SCOTUS :very important happening right now in #Congress to save the baby humans : https://youtu.be/kmeYVjzdPRU ; Gloria Poole,RN,artist; Missouri
Science does not support that they feel pain at 20 weeks. But when facts don’t support the GOP, they just make up their own. Liars.
What about the existing children that need healthcare? @LindseyGrahamSC #CHIP #ACA #Medicaid
Will Congressman Tim Murphy be voting on this?  Will his mistresses aborted fetus?    #hypocrites
Will you be working on gun control next?  Or, is only births important and after that you can be slaughtered?
This is BS.  Fund CHIP if you really care about children.
This from a guy who would drown a bag of kittens for Donald Trump.

Gun violence.
So ur against abortion but the hell w babies 1ce born. No approval of chips &taking aways programs that feed these children at school &home.
You what's truly painful Lindsay, having a sick child & no insurance so the child's going to die cause the govt refused Healthcare to them.
From the great George Carlin about the GOP. "If you're preborn you're golden, if you're preschool, you're fucked" Still true today.
They also feel pain when you let CHIP expire and they lose health insurance.
How about Weapons That Inflict Pain legislation??!  #MAGA
A most sophisticated retort which speaks volumes about you.  #MAGA
