sorry don't watch Fox! All fake propaganda! Why do you not go on Credible news Senator???
He's not a credible senator. Whimsy Graham is more than likely in his last session as a US Senator from SC
Let's hope so!! All of you good people of SC need to primary him!!
if he keeps acting like a Democrat he's primaried. No doubt about it
It's not an act. He's a Democrat who wouldn't have been elected without claiming to be  Republican. He walks a fine line to keep his facade
Hope South Carolinians vote him out!!
My hope also. I don't live in his district, we are represented by a real conservative in Tim Scouy
Ha ha. Do not watch faux news on fox
Maybe when you choose to appear on a legitimate news outlet, but no, not if you're on state-run Fox Not News.
Why do you only advertise that you will speak on Fox News?  I see you on other networks.
Why? Fox News? An oxymoron...
1/2 Where are your loyalties, Senator? Shame on you!! You should be supporting our President! No one, even you, Senator, is above the law!
Step up Senator. Gather some senators and go to the White House (not a dump). Tell trump it is time to go.
trumps not going anywhere.. snowflake..
I remember when a Mohawk meant something. Enjoy your afternoon poser.
Senator you need to find ways to get your Block Grant plan to the people. POTUS and Fox needs to put all they have getting this a win.
Did Graham get $800K from Russia?
Tangled web connects Russian oligarch money to GOP campaigns https://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/commentary/2017/08/03/tangled-web-connects-russian-oligarch-money-gop-campaigns … … … via @dallasnews
show u have a backbone and help the elected president . this is not fair to us that voted for him with leaks
Trump himself is the leaker! And he's told before stories are printed. He says and does nothing! He's a stupid, lame-ass, sorry jack-wagon!!
Saw FOX interview. It's your Damn job 2 make sure POTUS is not treated unfairly,Not S Council Muller. I will never waist my R vote on u agn.
You looked so ignorant as to not see problems with Mueller as he is friends with Comey and hiring all the liberal supporters. #CONFLICT! SMH
Also, he donated to many Republicans as well.  He done what was good for his business by supporting people that could maybe help him. #WOW
Your like a older brother I respect but don't always agree with.
You want to step up again and call out Mr Trump for vacation plans?  With so much turmoil in WH and N Korea seems a bit much.
VOTE OUT  @LindsayGrahamSC IN 2018. #Drain the Swamp
What to hear you go against our President again, no thanks, I will pass.
It is people like you that are destroying this country. Take a break from the TV there bud.
Sorry, won't watch Fox.
hey lindsay why not appear on msnbc instead of lyin fox news
Please quit siding with dems on everything and be an actual conservative. And do something aboht the many dems w Russian ties.
why would I tune in to listen to a lying establishment sewer rat who lives to protect Hillary from prosecution while trying to impeach Trump
#SouthCarolina #SCGOP #southerncharm #PalmettoState #Clemson #Gamecocks #SCPORTS #POSTANDCOURIER #AWANBROTHERS #USA
Not sorry to see you go.  We will vote you out.
Why are you on Fox --  need a little more air time? Or do you think - well it worked for trump  let me give it a try?
I would rather puke. I love #Shannon Bream. Don't like double tongue Graham #RINO
And we care because????
Wish we could vote you out sooner rather than later!
We are losing faith in you Senator Graham.
Go on #inners with @chrislhayes. Then I'll 'tune in.'
Quit going on Fox News. Jeopardizes any credibility you are trying to have. Truly.
Lights camera action   THE CAMERA HOG IS IN THE HOUSE
You know what funny would any democrats do that to there own parties president. Hell no this why the Republicans party hurts itself!
support our president..! fire mullet..
Protect the Prosecutor if you will but there must be some deadline...the likelihood of new discovery lessens with time... tick-tock
Mueller himself is direct conflict of interest!  8 people are Dem donators!  Open your eyes or do you have something you're hiding????
all of these career swamp rats are dirty..
We see what's going wrong with Mueller. He is stacking the deck against our President with all democrat lawyers & HRC donors to her party
You trumpsters have no independent thought process!!  You cannot see the damage this stupid, childish,  ass-hat is doing!!  Shame on you!!!!
Senator Graham I live in South Carolina and I would like to thank you for standing up to trump
Sorry Senator, Fox is not a reputable news organization.  It's Trump tv.
I have always had your back, have always respected you, even your being buddies with McCain, but I am so disappointed in you. We needed you!
Fox is state-run propaganda. Trump news means lies and more Lies. Why do you go on that lying Channel? Oh yeah because you're a liar.
South Carolina plans to vote you out. Support our president
Come on Lindsey, you're no friend of the President !!!!!
No. I don't think so.
Vacation?! You promised health ins., tax reform, wall, +++ my boss would fire me leaving with the job/tasks not done... think about it
Why would you go on fake Fox News?  Looking to make up more of their crazy ass stories?

Speak to the weak GOP and get behind our POTUS act like a leader of free world not a sheeple.
Why no investagation?
Noone wants to watch your lieing traitor "democrat" shemale a$$
Try supporting trump and not that dem McCain lesson to the Voters
We dont care what you have to say.  Get the hell out. RETIRE
Ah...no.
Sorry, Senator. If you want to speak to any other news source, I will watch. Also, "tune in" makes you sound like trump...
Hell no!  Faux news = Fake News
Like your funny personality;  DISLIKE your RINO politics.
Sorry, I don't listen to fake news!
2 things you can't run on again for reelection. 1) repeal&replace and 2) being conservative. Let's see how that works out.
Stop with all UR blocking the President. U lost He won &UR treatment & trying 2 over ride Pres. Authorities is A big Disgrace! #Deplorables
Grandstanding, Senator. Pres has right to fire SC regardless of what you or other Senators say.....It's called Article II.
Try some place better than Fox News. They have a bad reputation for faux news and bias. If you are honest go to another newsgroup. TYT?
Lindsay could you take your talents to @MSNBC ???  I dont watch Fox...can't stomach it...but I do like to hear you speak
At least Fox News not another arm of the Dems all of you must be Dems not call fox fakenews toooooo funny
Don't go against our party and write more red tape! We like our President and his family! Mueller is a waste of taxpayers money
Lindsey Suck can you find the camera? Oh I look at me look at me you are pathetic ! Support or president or get off the stage. Jerk
You are bad for @realDonaldTrump therefore bad for the American people.
How about you go on a real news program
U r getting voted out
You shouldn't publicly introduce legislation that is blatantly unconstitutional according to respected Republicans. No longer credible.
Graham knows this will happen. Thus, "Hell to pay statement." No successful businessman can withstand close unfettered scrutiny by FEDs.
No
Give the power to each State!  Congress should regulate insurance companies!  Not US Taxpayers.
SC (29526) wants to hear about #trumprussia!
I never watch Fox News. Poisons the mind, narrows the viewpoint #toxic
Get off Faux News, Sir. It really isn't the image you should be portraying.
I feel sorry for you
it's gonna end up bad for the country if daddy and the people are pushed much further.
Thank you Joyce. I totally agree. He will get his butt handed to him in the election. # RINO # MAGA # Moral high ground BS
NO NO NO...you spew hate and lies, say 1 thing and do another...YOU ARE NOT A PEOPLE'S REP...you use to be, but not anymore. Sister lied 2.
This is the arena the Bob Mueller will be exploring: NYC Trump construction transactions. Impossible...not to be tainted...biz as usual.
nope not!
Why is Fox news the only station you continually engage? Is FOX new our state run media station?
Lindsey, u should b 4 taking away Congressional & Staffers 73% subsidy 4 your healthcare. Taking this shows u r representing the peasants
When are you coming home and where will you be?
"Bring it on:" *Hypothetically* from NYT "Grand Jury heard from pipe-fitters union official who received off-book 'donation' from Ivanka"
Why fox?  They are state propaganda. Why not some real news stations?
Lindsey, why don't you and Senator McCain have our President's backMueller investigation is a one sided joke.
Who are you to preach to the President? Or us! We the people voted for him. Get behind him and us. Witch Hunt.
I'd be willing to listen but I can't watch the station. It's separates followers from reality, spinning odd fictions. I'll pass on trash.
You sir, are an obstructionist and part of the "SWAMP" that needs to go! We don't need your kind standing in the way of #MAGA!
2/2 Neither you nor any of your RINO colleagues has ever held any Democrat "accountable".  You should support our President! #DrainTheSwamp
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/893260212731129857 …
YOU R a RINO! You should help POTUS! NOT stab him in back, PROTECTING the creep FRAMING him! Lousy excuse of Conservative!

https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/07/bill-browders-testimony-to-the-senate-judiciary-committee/534864/ … Everyone!! Blow up this article with likes/retweets!!!! This is what Putin wants to turn the US into!!! #TrumpRussia
RINO sick of the establishment RINO  senators sabotaging OUR President!!! you need to be repealed and replaced!!!!
"Nobody is above the law" except Hillary Clinton...give me a break...!
You think the Pres isn't smart enough to know wher or not to fire someone? Poor support on your part. He has more credibility than you.
Shame on you
You ra RINO. GO HOME
Why did you not do any of this under Obama .Mueller is buddies with Comey & needs to recluse. If you can't see it then change parties.
The justice department woks at the pleasure of the pres. It is not an independent entity. Nock it off and support r prez or go away.
When Mueller begins to expand beyond original purpose, its either for a olitical agenda or to keep his paycheck.  Either warrants dismissal.
Stop protecting the process using your biased logic, how about repel o-care, tax reform
Mueller has ALREADY violate 3 regs re his Position. funny you do not care about his unethical activities.
You are most of the problem not the solution. Back your President not your own agenda.
Anyone notice the snowflakes are big Graham fans? #MAGA
#RINO
Nope you're in bed with @SenJohnMcCain and @chuckschumer Obstructionist time for you to come out of the closet
Commie snowflake cucks he has appointed. He should have been gone a long time ago.
Stop attacking Trump!
Hopefully it's to say I QUIT. How dare you join other cucks to prevent Mueller from being fired. Considering all these Democratic Socialist
Yeah.  More airtime for u to screw Trump.  POS!
Like ypu Lindsey but i will never ever watch faux news.
So? Intelligent people DO NOT watch Fox. Want to appear reputable? Stop appearing on Fox.
Back up our @POTUS!!! If you keep on going against him, we will go against u!
Stay away from Fox sir!
Back #POTUS45
I do not listen to Fox News. When are you going to put your adult britches on and talk to a credible news organization? #SCVOTER
Do you people do anything but write idiotic laws to get in the way of our President?
I don't see the legislation to get rid of your exemption from Obamacare laws.  This is what you're working on?
Fox who???
For what?
Why would a good Christian man like yourself go on a lying, evil Station who make up vile stories about ppl & hurt good Americans?
Nope. You're a #Traitor #Rino. Voting you out.
Chasing cameras with more slam Trump crap....not fooling anyone, Senator. Your loyalties, if you have any, are to self promotion.
Perhaps if we renamed South Carolina to "Fox News", maybe we'd get our senator to speak to his constituents!
Y'know, @LindseyGrahamSC if you want to spend all your time screwing around on TV shows, quit and take Red Don with you. We won't miss y'all
DO NO HARM #TAXtheCHURCHES who entered our political system & preach hatred, intolerance, bigotry, misogyny or violence toward U.S. Citizens
"they are excrement eaters"~Pope Francis
#END_FOXNEWS_BREITBARTNAZINEWS_ENQUIRER
#END_murdoch_bannon_hannity
#END_alexjones_rogerstone
Of course you are.


Stop sabotaging our President !!!!
I think Trump can do that all by himself.


I don't watch this non news channel. They make up news a lot. Not worth my time.

NOT HYPERBOLE You're a little younger than I, not  saying it ends like this did but I just watched Trump's WVA rally
I'm disgusted with you. Grow a set and shut the charade down or join the party that wants to destroy our republic. You sir, are a RINO!
STOP GOING ON FAKE NEWS CHANNEL
Repeal obamacare
Wish I lived in SC just to vote Graham out of officee
To hear more lies & fake promises! Tell us you refuse to work w Trump bc your bitter you lost to him!
Why do you continue to appear on Treason TV channel?
#Sinclair broadcast group will give you an #unbiased honest view.  LOL!
SINCLAIR: Forcing #GOP views on people without them even knowing it

Thank you for taking action on @realDonaldTrump. You have the power and some might argue duty to uphold the constitution.
I don't watch networks that accept #fakenews as propaganda from @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #IMPOTUS #FireHannity
Lindsey I do love you but cannot watch Fox fake news!!! Go on reputable news station and will watch you every time
You and the @GOP are going down with Trump. Anchoring us to this corrupt admin. He's fu*king crazy
My oath to protect the Constitution doesn't expire and doesn't allow me to support a State-run media like @FoxNews.

I like how many people in here refuse to watch a news channel because it doesn't tell them what they want to hear. WEIRD, right?
Stop enabling Trump
Assume to announce your switching to democrat party
I don't trust you anymore Lindsey 
Lindsey I think it's time for you and your GOP family to step up and do what is write as an American and take country B4 party !
I love fox and will be watching. Back our President. Go after the real lawbreakers. 7 years of talk now show action please. Thank you.
Not to Fox sorry
Sorry Linds.

Don't really like Fox.
Why should anyone tune in? All you do is bash the President and then vote along with his agenda.
Hard pass, Senator.
F Fox news!
I see you are only Fox News - not a credible non biased outlet FYI
Ask @FoxNews why they are running interference for Vladimir Putin, and ask them to knock of the damn treason.
being a poltical commentary is not your job.
when he stops lying & we find out if he had any Russian connections. Also send Flynn to jail.
Will you be speaking as a Republican or as a Democrat?
Won't watch Fox but I respect you.
You are just another #POTUS hater.
On the State-owned media company.  We are waiting in SC to talk to you.  When will that happen?
