Lindsey, how about OUR threat AGAINST North Korea?
My guess is that you fail to comprehend what @realDonaldTrump is capable of.
Don't normalize and laugh trump off like Ryan, McConnell.....do
I think the only way to prevent war is a #MilitaryCoup, a #Reset to 11/7/16 and a #revote sans #ElectoralCollege!
@DeptofDefense should act!
#25for45Now #Resist
Ann, the 25th is certainly a viable option.
I don't think that the @GOP has enough of a grasp of reality to understand the immediate danger.
I agree but I am happy to see more of them distancing themselves from him
The question is whether anyone will act before Trump does.
I think that China will get involved WHEN Trump sends forces to the area.
no doubt to highlight the North Korea "mess" he inherited from Presidential Obama.
Who cares.  GOP better get behind Trump, immediately and stop being globalist enemies of America.
What about stopping Obamacare-poor quality of care and deductibles are too high.  Constitution Convention is coming to a town near you.
At least you're speaking to a neutral TV station and not the "FOXy lady with the long legs and lies" #President_Trumpery #inners
Dear Senator please note their craziness Ie Nk, and they do need to be contained, but as peaceably as possible, regardless their rejection.
when your national base is insecure use the international stage to make yourself look like a big tough guy fighting for the motherland.
You lost your Mojo Dude, no one gives a shit about you since you chose your party and not the Nation
Will you give time to the threat from our own Dear Leader?
You need to address the threat from the WH as well. He's unhinged and going to lead us to a war that only he wants.
Please contain the nut job in the Oval Office. Shut him up. Take his damn phone. Bring some duct tape with u to NJ.
@realDonaldTrump is the number one threat to USA national security! Wrap your mind around that!
If you all hate trump so much you would rather be Nuked then to let him lead I think you should get the "hell" out and go join Korea army.
Is that your place or are you undermining trump as usual?
Senator, please first consider the homeland instead of your personal distaste of Trump. NKO is THE crisis of your career. Do the right thing
Remember the #US has put them off for 50+ yrs. Take our time. Let's win the #peace, not start up an old war. We can do this right.
@realDonaldTrump approval rating is almost at 30%. Its time for the GOP to step up and do something otherwise you will all go down with him.
Glad to see you are not on FOX...one step in the right direction
Go back to D.C. and repeal o care. Get your bromance, john McCain to man up
..Will there be 'hell to pay?' #blahblahblah
what about the ominous threat from from wacky @realDonaldTrump ???
Will be speaking with @CBSThisMorning tomorrow (Wednesday) at 7:10 am about the threat from North Korea.
*IF THERE IS A TOMORROW*
IT HAS BEEN "NICE" KNOWING YOU
Your all cowards that is why we have N. Korea
Keep reading Breitbart from your bunker #broflake
Keep reading buzzfeed  and he's not wrong you don't watch a problem grow you take care of it North Korea is a problem, now take care of it
Let me guess Lindsey your all for bombing North Korea seeing as there has never been a war that you didn't like
You better HOPE you can talk about it and nothing will happen over night with the two idiots. 
Not sure anyone really cares Mr. Graham.
So are you going play politics and undermine our president the way you have been?
@LindseyGrahamSC please note the consistence of the comments. Stop Trump. Make Peace!
(3) so far they speak blunder but they r not, it is serious but we cannot act crazy in their absolute dictatorship, nor at home.
Maybe you could give DJT a call to remind him it's unconstitutional to start a nuclear war without congressional authorization, too?
How about speaking with General Kelly NOW
No point really. Kelly is part of the problem.
If Nk decide not to listen you WILL DETECT b4 they can strike, the world as well as USA would be defended, in an immenant position.
Maybe you could change the narrative we all know Kim is crazy, do we need another? No we don't ie., djt. We Can contain them....
Help us...please think about the citizens you vowed to represent...not your party affiliation.
I will definitely tune in to this!!!!
Do you understand what I'm saying? Am I missing something? Also why did he tweet the N Korea photo this morn? I said then it was a bad idea!

I hope they don't intend to let Trump exarebate the situation.  Please do something about Trump.  Get him out of office.
2/He has ABSOLUTELY NO IDEA what he's doing &the ripple effect of his words! Of course NONE of his fam would be fighting so he doesn't care!
1/GLAD TO HEAR IT! I have been SO stressed since Trump sitting, arms crossed & threatens N Korea with fire reigning down like never seen!>
Impeach Trump ASAP. AMERICA is in a shitload of trouble. This is serious.
Lindsey Graham
Graham is a louse and a traider always after Trump
TALKING HEADS
Don't bother you RINO suck up to the snowflakes
Let me guess, you want to go to war? Assuming that's the marching orders you received from Insane McCain...
What about threat from the WH?
Called my Sen today to protest the insanely dangerous rhetoric from POTUS. Please tell me Sens with integrity like yourself will help
For God's sake, get together and STOP TRUMP anyway you can. Shut him up, he is insane.
Think of all our children and grandchildren.
Is it troubling?
Maybe you should speak out... sooner?
Traitor Lindsey
Keep your mouth shut.  Let President handle it DUFUS
Oh my. I feel so much safer. Just between us how much $$$ did Russia give u, Ryan, McConnell, Nunes, Burr? Was it just the PAC? Real News?
We need a calming voice, Sen Graham.  Counting on you.
Don't you think it's time for Trump's resignation? Why can't you just admit he's unfit?
Who cares Graham..no matter what you do unless you apologize 4 your weak betraying votes & threats towards Trump- you’re getting voted out!
Tick tok tick toc
We are losing faith in the GOP ability to do anything about their boy king, aside from kissing his ring.
The world teeters on the edge of a knife but I understand POTUS only hears you when you're on the news. Please stop this craziness.
Make sure you get on tv Lindsey.  You've plenty of time since you're doing nothing else!
I hope you have something worthwhile to say and not the same old suck ass bullshit !
just get ur president to shut up, stop talking and let the adults deal with NK! He is wrong 4 USA!
Prayers for all of you in government at this point in time . Unprecedented and difficult.   

Trump is not well mentally.
I feel like he said, "'Bout that threat!"
When you're in please support your president.
Then do not support the flame from the president!!!!
And I hope the reckless rhetoric from the 'commander in chief' - #25thAMD
SO.......NOBODY WATCHES THAT SHIT!
Are you "concerned" or "troubled"? Please intercept the football.
Will be watching.  Trust Graham and Charlie Rose
If we are all still here in the morning. I don't trust this @POTUS.
You do know you are only one person...you are singular. I will be speaking...

By the way, Guam. 

It's time #25th.
cant wait, hahahahahah
Back our President
Please get your republican president under control
PIMPOTUS is going to get us all killed
Laughing at all the libtard comments. Idiots. Clinton sold weapons to them and obama was a man child bowing down. Finally we have a leader
You've always liked a good war and we are on our way to another now that we have repubs in charge. Have fun tomorrow!
Why don't you meet with your other senators instead and use amendment 25 and save us all?
Not FOX? I'll be watching!
Please stop him. Talk sense into the GOP. I've never been more afraid to be alive in all my 45 years. Sincerely, Cold War Kids.
So exactly what does " fire and fury" mean. Another empty threat only makes us look weak. Who prepared his statement!? Trump needs to think
Once the genie of nuclear war is out of the bottle, you will not be able to put it back in the bottle!!
How about getting this psycho out of the oval office?
Are we prepared to use nuclear weapons as Trump wants to?
Wonder where we would be had JFK spewed stupidity at Khrushchev in the missile crisis. JFK kept his cool head. Trump is unfit for this!!!!!
You are not and could ever be president Being the little man you are you and Tillis are lying to America stopping our President! disgusting!
You sir are one of the worst men to ever walk into Senate you and McCain are exactly same horrible monster liars as REID. Wrong for America
Tell our own American #DearLeader that he needs to calm his tits and take a lesson in diplomacy 101 before he drags us into WW3.
Will you also be providing evidence to support your accusations or will all that be classified?
How about addressing the threats we face from @realdonaldtrump? He is a danger to the world. We all know it, why don't you??
If we are still here. Thanks for nothing, coward. Hope it was worth it.
Make sure u support your President!! Tired of the weak GOP
Real news..a step in the right direction.
Stop this lunatic!!!!!!    I'm begging you!!!
And the threat posed by our bellicose fearless leader?
You people, you republicans, YOU terrify me.  You, who will NOT STAND UP to this mentally ill man who works every day to destroy us all!
What about the threat of an unhinged American "president" who is flinging inciting words and threats at North Korea???  What about THAT????
I guess you're ready for your Trump bashing.  The liberal media loves you.
Keep watching CBS News. Our president is not the problem. Look at all the resistance and liberals not telling the people the truth.
What about the threat from president Trump
If we are all still here, maybe I will watch!
We are counting on you, yr colleagues in the House & Senate, as well as our military leadership to keep the US safe. From N Korea & Trump.
#fool Trump is winning. You are losing
BooHiss go on vacation. You don't speak for any conservative

Are you putting America's "Baby Huey" in a time out? #TrumpIsInsane
Well actually Trump is making the threats after he started this whole thing. He is not a thinker and is out of his mind. Do something @GOP
Tomorrow?  The world could change in the next minute!
Serious question-is there a 24 hr watch on Trump and the nuclear football?
If the world still exists
I hope you will be addressing the insane threats coming out of Trump's mouth! Does he care about our world? I wonder.....
Senator, we are just as worried about the threat from our president, @realDonaldTrump .  He is out of control.
Y'all need to be speaking to each other and taking out this monster fool #45 as he is a mental case sitting in the highest office of USA.
Thank heavens you and Senator McCain are there - this "president" is truly unfit: ignorant, dangerous!!!
Looking forward to your candid comments!
You mean the threat from DJT.
Might want to do it sooner. Just saying.
IF WE MAKE IT UNTIL THEN LINDSAY. TRUMP MIGHT GET US ALL EFFING KILLED do you get that?
Living up to the nickname the constituents you keep ignoring have given you, I see... #GrahamTheHam @nowanactivist @sge27
It's not a threat from NK. It's a threat from lunatic Trump. http://Stop.him.now .
@SenateDems @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP There is Only One Earth! Stop this Mentally Unstable @realDonaldTrump NOW! #25thAmendment
I hope he knows more about that than how to carry out the wishes of his constituents..
Please reign in  DT we don't need a nuclear war.
Is there any wonder why the Doom and Gloom Dems post their fear on Grahams twitter.  #TakesOneToKnowOne  #MAGA
You people in Congress better get it together.
I wish you weren't so useless. Flip flop flip flop. It's all you do.
And a NO to the private army idea Erik Prince is pedaling to 45!
Please protect our country from Trump.
Why don't you talk about the threat from Bedminster too while you're at it.
Feinstein has the best idea I've heard.  Churchill said jaw jaw is better than war war
Screw you Graham you #UNDOCUMENTEDDEMOCRAT
If there is a Wednesday
Plz do something about this rogue president immediately!
Many Americans hope you have a plan to oust Trump before he destroys the whole world now instead of 50 years from now w/Climate change!
And the threat made by @realDonaldTrump ?
@LindseyGrahamSC @GOP @POTUS PLEASE proceed with diplomacy - humanity and the planet cannot withstand WWIII.
If this isn't handled different, Trump's mouth is going to get us all killed. Prayers for this world and family members stationed in Japan.
I hope @POTUS shuts up now and the next threat by N K is met w blitz to terminate him.
Healthcare when?
The biggest threat is lying .@LindseyGrahamSC trying to undermine we the pp. SC please vote him out. He is trying to drum up support $$
Go away to Russia.
please CONTROL this leader before he kills us all..
I so much want to believe in you. Please don't wobble. Actions will be your legacy. Not words sir.
Rein in your party's president please. A few million residents of Seoul are watching
When are you going to speak with the patriots @infowars ?
Why aren't we beating on China's door???
Congress must ACT NOW to rein Trump in! He's reckless and dangerous.
We will all be dead from not having healthcare before NK does anything.
Be sure to make the media happy & say something negative about the POTUS.  #keeperofGOPswampinDC
Go work on healthcare and tax reform. We have a commander in chief. Go legislate. That's what your job is. #KnowYourRole
Will you talk about using the 25th on the lunatic who is marching us into a war? Because, that should probably move up your to-do list.
Will you be speaking about how it is unconstitutional for the President to declare war and Congress won't let him do it?
Well thank goodness you are actually talking on a "REAL" News network and not "FAKE Fox and Friends"
Try supporting our President in your comments for a change.
Can you, @SenJohnMcCain and the Generals stage a coup? Asking on behalf of a scared country
This country has never been in more danger than it is now under this lunatic @potus who is hell bent on starting nuclear war. #Fire&Fury
Please explain foreign policy implications and diplomacy to the "leader" of your party please.
Oh do they have oil?!?!
Make sure you tell them how you and fellow dems bought into fake Russia collusion, now we will have no alli in the most devastating war ever
Talking about the threat from our bonkers @POTUS might be more relevant.
@LindseyGrahamSC @maddow Now is the time for Congress to work together on this  N Korean crisis. Trump is a hot head and has no experience.
I wonder why 3rd world countrys are always the biggest threat
Will tape . Looking forward to an informed intelligent adult speak about NoKo.
Wow. Branching away from @foxandfriends Senator?  I'm impressed.
It's sad when you're not sure who is crazier, Kim Jong-un or Donald Trump.
I think Trump is crazier
The 'threat from North Korea' is sitting in our White House. Let's deal with that first.
