You're just the worst. Second worst. Trey Gowdy is the worst.
oh no..Trey gets the facts..! Love him from SC
Snort. I can't wait to vote against his ass
Alrighty then Like Trump didnt use the Russian to get a job?
Why work towards more income inequality?  Democracy can't work without a stable middle class. You know where you came from. All by yourself?
I like you and Trey but you are both too partisan & blinded by it.The bills proposed are bad and will harm the country.Trey is often wrong.
Bull shit. He's a fraud.
Meanwhile, Russia has manipulated our election process and you are defending the compromised asset in charge.
You talk much but do little...
If you don't believe trump is corrupt now there is no hope for the country
Yeah, right. That's like setting a wolf in charge of a hen house. He won't be there long anyway. He's out of here next year.
I hear you. As a center right Christian female, I've been screaming into the void for over a year.
I'm doing my utmost in grassroots to unseat him. I'd rather have literally anyone, from any party, but him.
Gowdy is the most toxic slime on earth. The only thing he protects is Republican politicians.
Wasting money on more trials while underfu ding education, repealing healthcare, and crippling Medicare.
So his first order of business will be to tell #dolt45 to stop relentlessly golfing on taxpayer dollars?  Tell his wife to move to the WH?
@GOP is GovOfPutin 
@TGowdySC was not prosecuted 4 forging docs to frame HRC. Why not? Did U take Russian $ 2? Handcuffs 4 ALL Russian aka @ GOP Traitors.

The GOP-An outlet for your deep-down-suppressed affinity for authoritarianism  Where money and strong men rule above all! 
Who made Graham judge and jury!
Bullshit
You suck sellout
Can't wait until your reelection comes up. U think u, McCain n others will b reelected? Don't think so. People r watching ur arrogance
This is NOT OK. Medical Care is not a partisan issue, it is a #HumanRights issue. @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr #wethepeople #createdequal
It's time to stop the Russian investigation. You are wasting our time and money
What r u doing about #trumpvacadays, speaking of taxpayer waste? Where is ur sense of fiscal responsibility as he wastes our $$??
#BoyBye
People are watching your backstabbing. How dare u not support our President. Trust me. People r watching and NOT forgetting.
Just like you think Trump is a real president doing a great job! #Nutjobs
U think our President will b consequential if his behavior changes?  U want him more like u?  Don't think so. He's doing so much.
Best joke I've heard all year!
What is it w u & Gowdy? He's REVILED in SC & made fun of in the Congress. Don't go overboard.
The fact that you are a gay man and supporting a party who clearly is bashing every minority group, is disgusting.
So how'd that tweet work out for you?  Some would say you just had your ass handed to you, and rightly so.
The man that maned the witch hunt on Hillary Clinton with Benghazi. And the GOP cut the security budget again ! Glad u aren't from MA smh
Lmao. #alternativefacts
One MUST ask ye self.. SeLF, will my blind party pride, ego & ambition take me down the road of History as a traitor or supporter of treason
2. Or the Trey Gowdy who took money from an Anti-Hillary group while running investigation against Hillary.
1. Cloudy Gowdy, who leaked Benghazi info, then forgot about it & wants law to arrest leakers? 
#TreyGowdy
@TGowdySC is a partisan hack who puts party way above country.
To partisan to be trusted. Not an honest person.
Wrong he's a fool who wasted millions of taxpayers dollars on foolish bengazi trial just for politics shame on you I expect better from you
Refer to Kansas Experiment.
Do you mean like spending millions screaming BENGHAZI! Yeah, reminds me of "great job Brownie"
Gowdy is a dud & you can't be trusted.
And this is from The Onion, right?
You are easily impressed. I gave you far too much credit 6 mos ago that you would actually have some integrity when came to Trump & Russia.
He could both by booting you out of DC.
He will do a great job towing the party line and continuing to protect this wanna be dictator. #disappointing
He waited millions on an investigation that went nowhere. How is that providing oversight on how my tax dollars are spent. Linsey please!
Hey, MR Chicken Graham, were are you today? nothing bad to say about our leader?  What you only come out when your MSM masters call?
Oversight lacks teeth without holding abusers accountable. Lynch, Clinton, Holder, Obama should all be in prison.
Senator Graham thanks for President support..wasn't sure in January about you..Keep up great work. Now work on your buddy in Arizona
he's the most ridiculous worm
yeah right, just like Benghazi
"I know @TGowdySC will do a great job providing oversight in how taxpayer dollars are spent and making government more efficient." RIGHT?!
What?  He spent millions of tax dollars on fake investigation to create fake mews about Hillary.  You are better than this @LindseyGrahamSC
Yeah right you guys have crossed into nut land
How can we screw up this COMPLETELY Gowdy Gowdy he's our man if he can't stop it no one can!!!!
Holding power accountable?  Not so much.
Such as all the money spent on Benghazi?
Hooray! Now @LindseyGrahamSC @TGowdySC @ChuckGrassley rally GOP get IRS, FastFurious, Clinton's Lynch Rice Foundation & Leakers. #MAGA
Why you going to let them do that when Trump hasn't give us his taxes yet ??
Make no mistake about this?
HA!! Like he WASTED taxpayer dollars for countless Benghazi hearings which did what!? NADA.  Backing the wrong horse again. Sad!
Who cares about this? Whene is the GOP initiating the impeachment process? TRUMP is dangerous and WE the people deserve better.
Sensing a SC backhanded compliment here. Gentlemen, Job #1 is rooting out those under foreign influence that have rooked their way into gov.
Senators, I am unsure if under your purview, but Job #1.25 is to expose foreign influence in our media, as that facilitated this mess.
The definition of insanity: Doing the same things over and over, expecting different results
He's a Partisan Hack and will hopefully be voted out of Congress very soon. The American people have had enough..
Gowdy is a complete hack. You should be ashamed he represents your party.
Like he did a great job spending millions of dollars on a witch hunt for political purposes.
Totally.  The millions spent on Benghazi was money well used.  Way more worthwhile than feeding people.
No he's the most tightly wound wing nut in the GOP. He's an angry mean SOB. He WASTED millions on Benghazi!
I hope he won't be favoring trump. That's what we're all concerned about. Man I wish it was you instead or Sen. McCain. Its not right.
@LindseyGrahamSC you're Incredibly obstructionist!! Your words have no credibility!? RIP #GOP
You guys are joke, people know what joke you guys are, trump is just what you guys have become
I'm not so sure I agree 100% with your police work there, Lindsey. And stop speculating about a hypothesis. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/872861549983150081 …
You are so awful. Really a threat to our country.
Dude, what's wrong with your buddy? get McCain help asap!
You have been a big let down @LindseyGrahamSC lately. I had hopes that you were different and cared about the people. I was wrong.
Hahaha
What has he done for SC?  Last in every measure of success!
The leaker according to yahoo ,now stole documents from Air Force a year earlier ,before she got the contractor job
#Gowdy is a lying lunatic who can't b trusted w/ anything (he shouldn't b allowed 2 hold office) & now u r showing #Americans u r 2. LIARS!
Oh please 
oh yes, just like every other millions $ investigation-demanding representative! *eyeroll*
Are you kidding??? How much did the Benghazi debacle cost? Gee-zus!
what the heck are you thinking??  Keep Dodd Frank.  What is going on in DC?  You are destroying our nation?  Why???
Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha, aaaaahahahahahahahaha, hahahahahahaha, SURE! I have a gold mine in my back yard too!
Like the $ they wasted on the Benghazi witch hunt.  Nastiest people using the biggest shovels, and nothing but millions wasted.
He's a partisan hack just like you. The people of SC need to fire you both!!
oh sure he can conjure up some more hearings that waste millions and millions asking same questions getting same answers having no evidence
Are you serious ?? What about the millions that were spent on the Hillary Clinton witch hunt ??
The same way he spent tax dollars chasing HRC to a dead end?
Lindsey, what are you ON?? Didn't your mama teach you you have the option of not saying anything rather than lying?
here's to Trey! https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.americanstank.com/single-post/2017/05/07/Dickhead-Cocktails-The-Trey-Gowdy%3F_amp_%3Dtrue …
How much money are you taking fro Wall Street?  This doesn't help hard working families
Hahaaaaaa
Old #HatchetHeadGowdy is a #TreasonWeasel and will help drain the treasury just like #DickCheney did with #IraqWar
Like taking away public education, and giving tax breaks to the head clown in the WH and his rich friends??!!!
What new scheme will TGowdySC waste taxpayers money on now?
This is a shit show your as corrupt as the rest
Barf. But he does remind me of the overseer in GWTW.
Trey Gowdy is no gentleman.
The first thing they need to do is buy him a booster seat or lower the table ...
Lindsay, if he loses his snippy snark, I will try to believe that. Seems like he likes being an attack dog.
Yea Lindsay! He's already proved he can waste millions of taxpayer dollars that he didn't need to waste!
He is one of the biggest assholes on the hill. He will do nothing for the taxpayers except the extremely wealthy. You Reps are all alike.
It's easy for the GOP.  Don't give anyone anything unless they are a business buddy or make several mil a year.
Righggggggggghhhhht.
You're killing me. @TGowdySC is a partisan hack.
Senator Graham just stop it-Gowdy will chair that committee to ruin and rot as he did the last committee he chaired#shameonrepublicans
wonderful @realDonaldTrump keep taking our rep.out of SC. we are ready to elect some new and hopefully honest representatives. You forgot 1
Trey Gowdy is the slimiest, partisan, unpatriotic, party before county weasel to every grace Washington
You're unnecessarily kind.
Really Lindsey???? He spent $10m on a politically driven fiasco!
Republiclone shills stick together like 
Well anyone is better than @jasoninthehouse let's hope @TGowdySC can learn from @SenatorBurr and put country first
Sir you have now truly lost your mind
He did such a fine job with all those sham Benghazi hearings.
That wastrel? Hold on to the Treasury Checkbook!
Yeah and pigs will fly.
No trust in the Congressman who in a highly partisan manner wasted millions of tax dollars on a true witch hunt.
Plus he's wasted millions of taxpayer dollars on nonsense
Gowdy is pretty dishonest shouldn't be in a position of public trust
I literally just did a spit take on that comment.  Gowdy can barely find his way out of a paper bag.  He's a liar and a patisan hack.
LOL. Retire to Mar a Largo.please
No no no. He always looks wet. What is that stuff. Ewwww
Enjoy your position for the next 2 years. Dems will take majority in 2018. Easily.
What a crock.
Now I know who's been supplying McCain with drugs.
Bwaahhhh hahahahaha. No government agent will cut off their nose to spite their face
... based in his management of Benghazi hearings, maybe? God help us all.
I sincerely request that my tax dollars be used to fully and independently investigate Russian involvement in my election please & thank you
He's a traitor. 9 mil to investigate Benghazi.
How many millions did he waste on Benghazi?
Trey Gowdy is an idiot and does not deserve your support. He should be prosecuted for squandering taxpayer money on #Benghazi.
WHAT??!?
You are wrong, sir
Really?  Gowdy is one of the worst
What a load of malarkey.
After that Benghazi circus, it's hard to imagine @TGowdySC working for the benefit of all citizens, not just his campaign donors.
And you collude if you don't #resist and #impeach @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
You are the actual worst dude.
it's a reverse mrs. doubtfire situation with a cabal of senators performing as lindsey

By investigating Benghazi for the 20th time. Meanwhile, Putin moves into the Oval Office.
Uh, but the emails! No oversight of this admin, just Republican payback, despite evidence of criminality in @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #impeach
1/Oh Dear, Senator...First you have determined Mueller has no obstruction case, and now you think TREY GOWDY will...
Don't you mean spending taxpayer dollars on endless investigations that go nowhere? See Benghazi. Paper companies wet dream.
trey gowdy?  THE benghazi obsessed gowdy?  WTF lindsey!
u need to help mccain.... something seems wrong w him.
He's bought just like you. Shame.
We know that Gowdy will do a great job hurting lower income folks that they don't matter. The tax breaks will line both of your pockets.
U sir, in choosing 2 join Rethuglican efforts 2 continue 2  normalize this madman POTUS, have reduced yourself to a joke whose opinions = 0
Gowdy is not an honorable person...scum of earth.  **corruption coming out of his mouth, out of his wherever.
You're all just fricking CRAZY!
Like how he wasted all that money on faux Benghazi?  We are all very disappointed in you in SC. Don't take us for granted.
Right - by giving more money to the rich, powerful & the military while cutting from the poor, sick and vulnerable as Republicans always do.
Ha!
lol
Benghaaaaaazzzzzzziiiiiiiiiii!!!!!
Lol
He'll certainly do a crackerjack job of listening to himself talk whenever a camera is around. Not so sure about the oversight stuff.
Of course! Just like he did wasting time & money with Benghazi! A logical choice for a soulless immoral corrupt political party.
Like he did with the Benghazi hearings? So many hearings, money & time spent. Yet not one indictment or single crime proven. Gowdy = useless
So he'll be investigating POTUS emoluments violations?
