Please stop with rhetoric. You and Repubs should focus on impeachment, removal security clearance,, NO Vote on deadly healthcare bill!
I concur - I watched entire hearing on c-span. Thought your questions pointed and appropriate. I respect you even if don't always agree w u.
Do your jobs @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @marcorubio  #ComplicitGOP #LockThemAllUp #TrumpRussia #GOPTaxThieves @SenateDems @SenateGOP
Not the man the F.B.I. needs at this critical point in American Democracy. That man will not come from Trump administration.
too bad you don't! South Carolina needs to vote you out !
Agree !! Now stop being a wall to getting things done and support Trumps agenda!  Trump fails you and GOP GO DOWN
Please vote no on Wray. We have way too many people with ties to Russia in this administration. We don't know the truth about Russia yet.
Problem is chucky schumer I'm sure will try to derail..instead ,he s.be taking care of new york,he's to busy trump trashing!
Sounds great!
Russian interference prevented a republican president like @LindseyGrahamSC who tells the truth and gets things done
He's a wimp! Beware of men who are not passionate about ethics and the law.
Seems like a good man Why has the security clearance forJared Kushner still in effect. Having worked for federal govt. Regular people denied
You did have to coach him on that answer,  Senator.
Can I get a "Leading the Witness"?
You noticed!
Yes Senator Graham you are on top of his role by your frank and direct ?'s and got honest answers !
Please confirm him for America!
Wish you would rewatch tapes and see what we viewers see, hear what we hear. Heed your constituents, please. Represent us.
What I have learned, it's perfectly fine to lie on federal forms, and it's perfectly fine to accept OPPO from hostile govnmts. Got it.
Why did you act like a complete ass to guy during the hearing. Hope South Carolina never re elects you!
When will South Carolina get a new Republican to replace you? #RINO
How come Comey isn't called in for his Leaking of information? Why isn't Lynch being questioned for her collusion with Bill Clinton?
Facts: Wray worked for firm that defends Trump for yrs. Trump chose him. Most of Trump's cabinet billionaires respond to $, not citizens.
But you had to give him the answers to your Q's.
Can't believe some of the negative things I read about Senator Graham below! One of the only true Americans (and a vet as well) in congress!
He always makes his point respectfully and with a big smile ! His very best friend John McCain needs our prayer for his return. TY to  both
Exceptional line of questioning Senator. You ensured he got it right, thank you.
Your questions were direct & deliberate, but Wray's responses were hesitant & evasive. He will get back to us, did not know, for now... 
I didn't hear you ask him about Ukraine, Clinton Foundation, Lynch, Rice, Huma why not Lindsey?
Pls introduce a BILL requiring all "future" POTUS candidates disclose their TAX RETURNS
Watching u today, I would think u despise him as much as Dems.
Anyone you support has to be a left wing democratic supporter No better than Comey are McCabe crooked FBI
You did a good job on this one.  Was very proud of you.
People are getting tired of you using tax payer money to jab at @realDonaldTrump every chance you get! http://politi.co/2jBNetH  via @politico
Where's your self righteous & snotty comments & calls  to investigate Democrats on Treason? http://dailycaller.com/2017/07/10/everybody-is-forgetting-that-clinton-allies-did-the-same-thing-as-don-jr/?utm_source=site-share … via @dailycaller
Well you certainly took the OP to Grand Stand & no word from you or back stabbing John McCain on Ukrainian meddling in our elections???
However, we can not say the same about you, Senator. You can't ride 2 horses with just 1 ass. We need real conservative leadership, RINOS
If Graham _ever_ says the right thing, you've gotta know it was just a lucky coincidence. Far too much often, he's just a lib/Dem enabler!
As long as he follows the law as it is written ! And he lets the prosecutor decide if charges need to brought against ( Hillary ) and others
Right experience or rightous?

Sigh - always talking the talk but not walking the walk. So disappointed 
Wrong Senator.  You had to feed him every response!  You want loss of confidence to continue?!  You got that with this guy.
So you say - your word is worthless-
As long as he is willing to investigate Russia and keep a certain member of the Executive Branch out of Legislative Branch business.
Loved your questioning!  Need many more like you-how about running for POTUS again!!
For every accusation against Trump and his family ,new evidence of corruption by the previous administration comes to light .
Democratic leaders in Congress are clearly obstructing the Trump administration with frivolous investigations and blocking nominees.
No one trump nominates should be under consideration while he is under investigation. When are you going to actually do something??
Mr Graham whiles a dem I don't always agree w you on all issues, I always respect you.  You are honest, open & truly think of America 1st. 
All the people I don't trust in the Senate are endorsing Wray.  Trump screwed up with this pick.
In other words the Wray will be a mole like you and @SenJohnMcCain.
He has Russia ties and has been appointed by an amoral idiot who Pres of the US. & U keep voting his Kremlin buddies into power
So refreshing to see integrity, keep up the great work for Americans you're a rare breed Mr Graham,
I don't always agree, but I do agree on this.
Thats what you said about Comey
Impeach Trump!  Step it up!  GOP backing a treasonous bigot
U do just enough to seem like u r above the fray and give us a shred of hope then u cave...slithery
Puke, you are a sell out buddy.
WRONG
What will be done...when trump has Mueller fired ?
Sorry Lindsey but some people have grown to dislike you so much we don't listen to a word you say......
Get on board @LindseyGrahamSC  the GOP can gain seats next year vice losing due to non-issues like Russia
I thought he didn't want to answer with calling the FBI?  I was going say thank u for pressing him but im confused
i made a mistake when asking you and your colleagues to stop warmongering, clearly 8 doesn't give a monkeys about you warmongering. LOL. JD7
@seanhannity thank GOD for you!! You are the Only one on MSM that tells real news! May God be with you to continue!
Linsey you were very disrespectful to him!  I don't know where that attitude came from but you have totally turned me off and lost me!!
I no longer trust you and will not support you or your subversive ways any longer. I hope you get voted out of office.
I would have liked to hear him answer questions about his perception of online threats to national security.
NO trump confirmations while @realDonaldTrump and co are under investigation!
No he doesn't! You had to answer the obvious question you asked him! Wray has businesses in Russia and he's worked for Trump before...
How about you put your tough talk to action & not vote to confirm any cabinet nominees until after the Investigation determines the truth??
And he already knows how to represent Russians.  Win/Win.  Except for the US.
Thank you for asking the right questions.
Why are we having hearings on a Trump pick? Comey got fired for doing his job -came close to the truth about Russian meddling!  Ain't right!
Absolutely
You know Trump only picked him because he has nice hair, right?
And you were an embarrassment to your office as you were grandstanding, making your political statement, & asked no pertinent question.
RINO
Your right, but please quit show boating . Next time please take a deep breath.  I still luv ya man.
So you don't care he is yet ANOTHER nominee with RU ties?
Agreed.He seems independent w/ great judgment. Hope he will stand up for @FBI and our country the way Mr.Comey did.
I'm not your biggest fan #sarcasm but your statements about @DonaldJTrumpJr were spot on, you need to school @SpeakerRyan, he seems lost.
When will the Repub Party STAND UP FOR DEMOCRACY & TAKE ACTION AGAINST THIS HIGHLY CORRUPT PRESIDENT??? HE IS A DISASTER & U KNOW THAT!!!!!!
Cannot have people appointed by Trump in these long standing positions when Trump us going to prison....your GOP did enough with SCOTUS
Putting aside partisanship, it is obvious you are one of the Senators who has integrity. That's comforting. Thank you.
Wray sounds great. But his Loyalty? Is he Loyal to The Law & Constitution, or is he Loyal solely to Trump? HA! Just another Trump "yes"man.
Why is Jeff Sessions not in an orange jumpsuit yet? Or a retirement home? Maybe a prison retirement home.
Of course. Let a POTUS under investigation pick FBI dir, AG, etc. Ridiculous. So corrupt.
Pls tell @SpeakerRyan how to call @FBI when Russians come calling.  He won't commit.  Let's see his donors. Didn't u guys kill disclosure?
Any Russian ties?
Fool! I saw the smile on Yo face when you used Wray to viciously rebuke the Drumpf's. Guarantee you Ras-Putin got a mole installed NOW.
Great hearing today!!
Don't agree with u on policy however LOVED ur push back today on Wray hearing.  U were direct and asked for a direct response. Good job
Mr. Wray should have said: Every executive branch officer answers to @POTUS and should follow orders to meet POTUS one-on-one. #MAGA
Yes a good example to follow - right?
Mr. Wray should have said: FBI Dir is answerable to @POTUS b/c the Dir is NOT Hoover (an authority unto himself) but subordinate to POTUS.
Mr. Wray should have said: Yes, @POTUS can fire Mueller because every executive branch investigation occurs in the name of or under POTUS.
I respect you sir but how can u support anything trump does aftr the disgusting campaign he ran. Blatantly disrespectfl 2 the American ppl.
He's also connected to Russia .. AGAIN! C'MON NO MORE RUSSIAN INFLUENCE! #trumprussia #ImpeachTrump
Yes he is all those things but you were very rude to him today. He did not deserve that.
Good job today
If we had 99 more Senators willing to work together regardless of affiliation and put country 1st we would not be in the mess we are in now.
Waiting 4 the first Republican 2 step-up 2 the plate & be heroic. Start proceedings 2 remove Trump from office. The GOP legacy will be NOW.
You treated him like crap...showboating much Senator?
Unpredictable @realDonaldTrump will demand loyalty & won't get it Wray will follow Comey. Repub do nothing say nothing scared of Trump. Sad.
U rock senator-good job
All Incumbents (both parties) need to realize that not ousting Trump is actually Political/Career suicide. If you're smart y'all get busy.
Your tenacious pressing of Wray today on the complete inappropriateness of the Jr./Russian meeting was heartening. Thank you Senator.
But will he fire #Mueller to stop the truth from coming out? #MuellerTime needs 2 step on the gas be4 Trump destroys the country.
I heard part of your questioning. Good job Mr. Graham. You were very clear in your questioning & expectations. Thank you.
is he not connected to russia?
Are you sure that Russia was not involved in his nomination?
Who would you recommend as an exceptional senator to serve the great state of #SouthCarolina ?
No.
This Tennessee Democrat agrees.
Hmmmm
terrible choice.  He did not want to answer questions directly.  No more Russia ties please.
Maybe
With ties to Russia!!
I hope you are right . It scares me that he worked under christy
Are you sure @realDonaldTrump  hasn't insisted on his loyalty?
Oh fir Christ sake.  Hillary and Obama are NOT the prez. Pleeze people try to use a relevant argument.
Time will tell
On another note....trump shouldn't be allowed to pick another FB director. Last time I checked, his campaign is under investigation
And let's hope he will show his loyalty to the Constitution and not to the orange nightmare
The problem is if Trump does not like or agree with his findings he will find a reason to fire him just like on the apprentice...
Is there any Trump candidate that you'd vote against??  #joke
Then stop the BS ?s and start asking something that makes sense to most people...
Your questioning was out of line. Why are you sabotaging Donald Trump?  Shameful!
You have integrity. I trust your approval and thank you for standing up and questioning all the craziness going on now. Please continue!
Oh Dear God! See what @POTUS has Freaking started?! #IMPEACHMENTNOW http://www.rawstory.com/2017/07/face-it-we-basically-deserve-this-internet-explodes-after-kid-rock-admits-he-running-for-senate/amp/ …
Never knew you took so much heat from your own party! Thanks for standing up for all Americans. Signed, Loyal Opposition.
Exceptional my fanny. Guess you do not mind Wrays connection with Putin. Pays to do your homework.
Credit Trump....his pick!
Another winner chosen up by Trump!
Bothered me he responded 2 question about what he would do if Trump asks him 2 do illegal act. He said resign. wanted him 2 say arrest POTUS
He is. Agree. Yet this is a good question
What has America come to when GOP lawmakers see nothing wrong in meeting w/ Kremlin emissaries promising interference in our politics?
Also, insiders say trump is confident Wray will derail Mueller probe. You need to dig deeper.
Trust but verify. Btw, you misspelled "judgment."
Don't trust anyone Trump nominates, don't be fooled!
And...you should know because you're such an expert on all things.
Wow, FINALLY, you are on the right side of a decision!!
Like Flynn was great?
Wray comes from a firm that represented state-owned Russia companies. That’s unacceptable.
Senator Graham, you are a man of integrity and while you are walking a fine line, you seem to have a moral compass.  Thanks
So that whole episode where he can't get bogged down with knowing or honoring the Constitution ..... that's a "nothing burger".  Got it.
Wonder how long he will last given current circumstances?
It depresses the hell out of me that most republicans are putting ideology over basic morality and integrity. Is T really worth defending?
Your so full of BS! Ho home!
Yes but you're a sleaze!!!  I contribute to your opponent no matter who it is!!!  RINO!!!   Support your president!!'
Wray leaves me thinking he's  just another slithering  swamp creature with a bad habit of liking to kiss ass.  Get a new guy!
I wish the man ya'll put up to be president did.
 morons
BLOCK...ME....THANK U FINALLY! HEE HEE...KEEP UP KEN!
Lindsey, now get him approved asap.  We have had enough of delay and delay.
But, Senator...you also liked Betsy DeVos, Jeff Sessions, Scott Pruitt, Steve Mnuchin, Tom Price, Rick Perry, Ben Carson, Sonny Perdue .....
Ilove them
I'm still mad at you, but have to say, you're damn good at questioning
As a life long Dem and for the last 4 yrs an independent You need to run for President
Your own party doesn't even like you retire already for the good of the country.
I wouldn't trust you to pick anybody, you & you're dad from Arizona should join the Dems.
So proud of ou SC Senator!  This Democrat will be voting for you!
Your grandstanding questions were embarrassing and low class, Pathetic
And he made $6M last year defending white collar criminals so he'll fit right in.
@Politics1com but if Trump picked him, you gotta think...
Here we go. Did you see how he slyly avoided ur questions abt Russia being our enemy& Trump jnr's collusion? Time will prove you wrong.
He was pretty damn good IMO, much better then Comey by a 1000%!
Would it effect your life any differently had he answered the way you wanted him to?
Agreed. FYI U Being Gay doesn't mean you have to go around proving what a Man you are, by denigrating your leader or by trying to start WW3.
It sure didn't sound like you were in favor of him this afternoon when you were questioning him.. SHAME ON YOU..!!!!
How tight are his Russian ties or are we just ignoring those these days?
Sir, I'm a liberal Democrat from Southern California. I'm giving Wray a chance based on your word. I hope you're right.
And today u continued to undermine the office of the president. Great job liberal.
Are you a closet Democrat? You sure sounded like one today. 

And Russian connections! Awesome, great vetting again @LindseyGrahamSC
We need to know what Wray thinks about the extreme escalation in hate crimes in the past 8 months and what he will do about it.
Really? What I heard today was a person clueless on the constitution. FBI & DOJ serve at  #potus. When did FBI become independent sir?
Of course you like Wray, part of your establishment, insider, swap creature
He has big shoes to fill
All talk. No backbone. Typical.
Pretty sure any credibility you had left died with that tweet. #Dang
Unlike our "President". Get this looney toon out of office.
You had to really prompt him to say Donald jr should have gone to FBI, he seems unfit for the job
Homework for MidTerms #Vote November 6, 2018: http://ballotpedia.org/United_States_ …

WE are the EMPLOYERS; We PAY those we hire. Let's hire intelligently
LINDSEY ,THAT MEANS IF YOU LIKE HIM,HE NO GOOD!! ...LIKE YOU
Are you kidding me?  His law firm has ties to Russian energy companies.
