And the jury says #NotToday
(1) Do Obamacare recipients realize that they might have an “insurance card”, but it doesn’t mean they have viable insurance?
Untrue
Just stop already. Saying the same nonsense 500 times doesn’t make it more credible.
(4) I need this to be passed. It is my only hope of keeping insurance for myself and my family.
I hope this gets resolved soon because U R one of millions that have the same issue.TheGov’t must stop preaching what’s wrong & fix it NOW!!
And of course it fails. WTF is wrong with these politicians? All talk, no action. I wish Dems & Reps wd sit down w/me. I have many solutions
That’s the problem they don’t care what their constituents want or need(McCain is a perfect example)all they care about is personal agendas.
That's an out right lie. The states the will not use the funds to provide what's needed by people. Lindsey, you're ideas are our evil.
No doubt ACA needs improvement... BUT replace it with something better.  Not giving up a Geo metro for a Ford Pinto....
More lies from my Senator. Fix ACA, do not kill a beneficial program for millions with pre-existing conditions and cancer.
No. They will mismanage the funding. Not good. Fix what's broken. Campaign promise be damned. Foolish pride isn't working.
You're buying votes and most medical groups oppose it sooooo... therefore your plan sucks
HOW MUCH MONEY? AND FOR THE RED STATES???? grrrr
You have shown an enormous amount of political courage. You deserve respect. Maybe consider tweaking that healthcare bill. God bless.
Out of touch! Health care needs are THE SAME in our country! pregnant wmn, kids, diabetics, shooting victims all need care!
Again you need to visit Canada
Are you serious? How is making everything a prex condition moving healthcare closer to us?? Do you know what your own proposal says?!! Nope.
It’s over, you and your gang of thieves lost!
You were looking like you might rise above the "sh*t show."  Now you're covered in it. Enjoy that "trump train".
This is an unacceptable bill. Think of the American people who need coverage. It's a must.
We won't stand for this. Will will sue YOU and the Federal Govt. #Murderer #TooMuchKoch #BoughtAndPaidFor #SaveOurCare
NO, you don't know what you are talking about. You don't have the expertise to make these decisions. The GOP should be disbanded.
You mean into your rich donor's pockets?
And putting 26mm people off insurance. Keep the tax on the rich!!!!
Should we mention that no insurance companies will be left to buy insurance from? The recipients of Obamacare need to educate themselves.
My ACA works beautifully. Stop lying and do the work to make everyone's ACA work like mine. #GrahamCassidySucks
I trust 50 governors more than 535 congressmen & senators.
And killing millions which is what you wwnt
(3) Do the status quo Reps understand that although your plan might not be perfect, it is still way better than Obamacare?
(2) Do they know that they might have only one insurance company to choose from in many states? If they have one at all? The Dems are lying.
Bullshit. President Obama is BLACK and the Mercer's, Koch's, Adelson's et al want their tax cuts. THAT'S why your attempting to kill us.
The government & taxpayers do not owe you healthcare.  Buy with your own money.
Bots can't boss me around. Go back to the fake president's timeline. 
Don't know what a bot is, you should stick to the blues and stay out of politics.

You have lost credibility, you might as well sit down and shut up telling lies.
Liar liar pants on fire hanging from a telephone wire.
Bad idea. Why aren’t you working with Democrats on a solution? You’re doing all this in secret!
Democrats refuse to participate as they want ACA to crash.  They think you will be happier when you buy insurance in the marketplace. lol
You talk nonsense. Democrats want ACA, and they want it to work. Republicans are sabotaging it and have close dems out of the process
The dems closed themselves out of the process by refusing anything else except wanting single payer.  Never happen!   Buy your own ins.
Not true.  GrahamCassidy deprives the elderly, disabled, children poor and women access to affordable healthcare.

Thank god your plan is toast, and it's looking from the polls like the GOP will be voted out soon.
Moving money does NOT Repeal, you promised REPEAL!
Crawl back to your rich donors, tell them they aren't getting their big tax cuts. So you can help people keep their healthcare. Grow a pair.
It's a nonsense argument! Healthcare is about mathematics and statistics if you want to make it affordable!
NO ONE, and I mean NO ONE, is thinking about people like me who pay for my own private insurance to the tune of $3000/mo.
bullsh*t.  we aren't buying your crap anymore.
When did health care become about power and not about access? It's about lower taxes for rich doner money for the party, power 4 u!
how long? no it doesn't it just moves money around makes it look like it, in the end it hurts chronically ill and low income
I appreciate your view, but disagree with it. Besides, you won't be able to do anything about it, so why don't you just go home and sleep?
Come on Lindsey. We can do better
Liar
Yes let's give the power to the states because  we know how well the states have acted on voter rights, segregation and civil rights
...where individual states can butcher and corrupt it to their liking. Uh-uh. No. No way. #Medicare4All #MedicareForAll #Resist
O Miss Graham, who knew you were more ignorant than @POTUS it's a sad day in the USA when Graham joins the racists and bigots in @GOP
#fakenews
If true, every state Medicare director would not oppose it.
full of BS @LindseyGrahamSC
If that were true you would have hearings and a CBO score. It's not, and you don't care about the people who elected you. #liars #Resist
Nonsense. It moves money out for sure and people will die. Be honest!
What a disappointment you have become. Party over people. @JoeNBC
You forgot to mention a lot less money! You're decimating medicaid. Poor elderly and handicapped will be hurt. Shame on you, Senator!
By moving money from the states that took the expansion to those that didn't.
do no harm
Honestly, if your want to move this closer to the patients, then move it in the direction that helps them, not hurts them.
Don't you mean out of the west coast and into South Carolina?
Give it up buddy! How about starting to put the people of this country before you party politics!!
Nope it give money to ins co CEO and no money to the poor. Stop lying. You don't replace with crap you build on what works.  Single payer.
My corrupt FL government has no business deciding health insurance laws. Voter led Constitution amendments ONLY way to get things done here.
The president is threatening war & insulting devastated Puerto Rico. He's also cursing at the NFL & possibly starting a race war. 1/2
And RUSSIA.... but you are too busy trying to take away people's health care to stand up to him.  Sad
Hey, how about sending it directly to doctors?
It's called kicking the can. #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
Just the rich ones. You left that out.
And how much truth is it to that statement,  we all know sir....
Oh, BULLSHIT, Auntie! Get off it. You lost, just like you lost the Civil War. Retire to your corner.
NO ONE BELIEVES THIS LIE, INCLUDING THE MEDICAID ADMINS OF ALL 50 STATES & EVERY MEDICAL, PATIENT CARE, & INSURANCE GROUP! JUST STOP!
Not the answer Sir.
Nope
I guess that's literally true. But this bill does nothing to help patients.
Have you read the letter from the state insurance commissioners?  Have you?
This bill makes me very 
Graham you went to the dark-side didn’t you. No spine courage humanity compassion empathy for the Americans you serve and who pay you
Well that is a bold faced lie
Reimportation and price negotiation saves huge $$.  Why are you opposed?  Who owns you? (Rhetorical.  It's pretty evident.)
Yeah sorry not happening
Calling bullshit

Pls don't. ACA
B.S. pure and simple.
Instead of working to take away HCARE why not act AGAINST the arrest of disabled & others RIGHT to Protest the your work?
Are you just that clueless or just that deceitful?
Sure wish you'd grow up and stop acting like you're trying to do #US a favor. This bill it a lead weight & it's sunk.
you lie like a dog!
"Practice two things in your dealings with disease: either help or do not harm the patient". @BillCassidy Sound familiar?
America is not buying your snake oil
Less money.  Far less.  And capped.
Bipartisan fix. Say it with me.
...by moving money out of health care.
What about pre-existing conditions???
Regular Order if the plan is so good!!
No
States cannot handle it. Plus people who move states for work should not have to change plans drastically. No #GrahamCassidy no #trumpcare
More lies Senator and help for the richest in America with tax cuts! I was beginning to think you were a compassionate Repub like G W Bush.
#GrahamCassidy seeks to destroy healthcare so your big donors can profit. How do you sleep at night knowing you're selling out the US?
Who cant get health care. While you keep your gov't paid healthcare.
Oh that’s right....because God forbid the first national health care plan was actually done by a black president.
And those like my wife and i with a cancer precondition will be priced out of insurance
Bad bil!! Terrible! Why not just work on fixing the parts of the ACA that need be improved instead of repealing it all together.
Oh Come on Lindsey you are better then this! This bill is a disaster! Health care should not be  rushed through with out bi par support!
LIE. Never, never again will I listen to @LindseyGrahamSC . I once held you above other Republicans. No more.
Give up!
Sorry Senator, your name is now associated with another Republican failure.
That is a lot of bull shit and you know it. Shame on you.
That's a bunch of bull and you know it.  If states could be trusted to treat folks equally and fairly we wouldn't be in this mess
Misleading you should say, we need money,so we are taking it from medicaid to please our generous Donors.even though we still need your vote
Sit down
By moving money out of Washington, New York and California into red states who refused Medicaid expansion lol
It's your new version of DeathCare! Are you going to have the same crap insurance that you're trying to shove down America's throat?
Do you have any PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS? You're nothing but a hypocrite! Do unto others then run! #NoGrahamCassidy #kissofdeath #Resistance

Offering individual deals to individual states to woo individual senators is WRONG. Flawed policy begets flawed tactics. Do better, Senate.
No it doesn't
We'll, some of it. The rest of the money moves to big corporate donors and billionaires.
Except for the poor and working poor then F them.
Where does the money go?
No. It moves money to places other than patients.
BOOOOOOOOO
Can't wait to see this debate tonight? More lies I suppose. Now they will definitely be empty lies.
I thought it died a great death today?
This is crap.  You know it.  People deserve more respect than this.  Period.
Omg shame on you!
that's not true and you know it. It moves healthcare out of reach without tax subsidies. No one can afford. Bullshit.
And by destroying insurance for millions of poor families.
Tough cookies. Try again.
Give me a break #bloodonyourhands
You should be ashamed and I'm ashamed you're a senator from the state I live in and love. Will get you out in the next election.
But only if the states choose to use them to the fullest benefit of the patients and not restrict coverage or eliminate it 4 fiscal reasons.
Congressional Budget Office says new GOP bill repealing Obama health law would reduce insurance coverage for 'millions'
Bullshit. Shame on you.
U need to move so called conservatives that vote with Dems out of DC
nope. Patients who cannot afford insurance because of exorbitant rate for pre-existing conditions have very little power.
I'm so voting you out of. You state! Heartless!
You had me fooled.....
Lindsey Americans need to move you out of Washington far away of any public office, and our money.
That is oxi you have been eating @LindseyGrahamSC not sweetarts. U r breaking ur own rules to get this bill passed
Bullshit
Keeping tweeting this same message Lindsey....maybe you'll convince yourself that this is a good thing medically and not just POLITICALLY!
I'll ask again. If it's so great why the rush? No CBO score. No hearings. Almost like you don't want people to know what's in it.
That's the biggest crock of . This is all about your donors.
#GrahamCassidy is actually damaging to patients.  All experts agree.

Bull. Takes coverage away from those who need it. Shame on you Sen. Graham.
Lies lies and surprise more lies
In a taunting way. "Look, here's money that could help you. Just out of reach."
Doesn't do any good if the program excludes them in the many ways this bill does.

Why are you trying to buy off Senators? I thought you were against things like the "Cornhusker Kickback", or is that only for the other side
Only the simple moned would think this is the real problem with health care. I am so disappointed in you especially. One hearing?- cripes.
Mark my words, all you will achieve is an even broader zip code lottery sowing discontent between the haves and have nots.
People will die and be forced to make impossible choices for their families. Stop this and fix the ACA.
Nothing good about this!
Bullshit. I can't believe someone from South Carolina can say with a straight face that we're doing anything right with #healthcare.
Amen. ACA is corrupt. Making money for bureaucrats. Private practicing physicians aren't permitted to negotiate with insurers. Why?
Yeah right. I do declare Sen. graham, you get more far fetched by the hour!
Why don't you fix what's wrong with ACA and take the political credit for it.  You're supposed to work for Americans, not just big donors!
Sad and Disappointed!
SC cannot take care of it citizens now. You are an embarrassment.
You know your bill doesn't cover the opioid crisis right??
Lol.
If the bill was any good, a debate wouldn't scare you and you wouldn't have to try to bribe AK, ME senators to get it passed. Stop lying
Healthcare is a national priorty....not a state issue and patients moving state to state is just one part of that problem.
I don't want your one prayer plan . I want real medical insurence for our whole country.
How come it gives certain states more perks
- the evangelical bornagain facistmovement is literally killing theUSA . The GOPis for the money not the people whom you give prayersnothelp
You must impeach Trump then talk to the people so we can then impeach you're whole damned southern delusion of power and greed.
The people of this country are going to take a knee and vote OUT you're " party" . So start pulling up the matts and cleaning the bar pally.
I'm not a single prayer voter . This evangelistic crap has to end no church and state this is not the year 900.
THen why is just about every health care organization AGAINST IT!!!
You are lying . It just kicks the can to the states so you jerks can rob Medicare then social security and on and on. Help PuertoRico 4Xsake
It's has more flaws and outs to be a bigger failure than Obamacare. Take your friends advise and stop this craziness and work bipartisan
Lies and liars lindsey...you should retire
This is a rip roaring LOSER if a bill
Sure it does!
Would you recommend this plan to cover members of congress?
No,  we do not want this. Just fix Obamacare. You work for your constituents not your donors. Your constituents do want this.
#SaveACA 
Expand coverage!!!
If this is such a good plan why didn’t you seek bi-partisan support?  Why are so many medical and health related organizations so upset?
Shoving through a bad bill affecting lives (and 1/5 of economy) under the wire under reconciliation to avoid needing 60 votes is a bad look.
Be honest Sir.  You effectively strip healthcare from millions
