Here's Graham's full broadside on Trump, saying he's acting out of "weakness." 
Stop humiliating South Carolina. You're fired.
yes, thanks to trump, the democrats will soon be in charge
Wrong lol.   They are finished.   Bunch of lying Traitors who have lined their pockets
The Grifter in chief with Goldman Sachs stack cabinet. That's who you elected, You fool
 Jan 19th, they hated Hillary for having dialogue w/Wall Street. Now they LOVE them some Wall Street thugs. No principles&stupid. #maga
The #maga crowd has proven they are guible useful idiots that believe anything the grifter in chief tells them to think.
Sen Graham, the point you missed here is that the AG does not serve the POTUS.  He serves the American people & the cause of justice.  
No you are wrong. He works for the POTUS
AG is appointed by POTUS, but his oath of office is to protect the Constitution -- not protect the POTUS or be his personal lawyer.
I agree never said he was his personal lawyer. POTUS can replace him at anytime for any reason I am a sessions fan.
Support the President! You kissed Os ass for years. Grow a set and do your job. SC is watching.
He can't. Once Trump fired Comey, Sessions had to recuse himself legally. Trump created this
  So Comey leaked so there would be an investigation?    He was going under and he knew it.  They all need locked up and they will be.  
No, but how would Sessions have known Trump was going to fire Comey? He accepted nom before Trump created the chain of events in May.
Trump created the situation w Comey and then legally Sessions had to recuse himself.
Why not promote arming up all your enemies. Appointed attorneys donated and worked for HillaryReally? Good idea? at least fire, Rosenstein
Senator Graham, you have the opportunity to fire someone who is not serving the country well. It's called impeachment.
You know, of course, that only way Sessions isn't serving Trump well is that he's not actively impeding the Russia investigation. /1
That so far hasn't produced any real evidence of collusion.  FBI Comey disgraced/Bug eyed Schiff getting a lot of wanted media attention.
And what are u doing now? Arent you trying to embarrass someone? Or did u intend 2 embarrass urself?
True....you have a good point...but you've given Trump an ultimatum so that he cant even fire the guy without being penalized by you.
Really Graham! Some of your incite is welcome. However disparaging #POTUS and not falling in line with the people's agenda is not becoming!
I been in SC 58 yrs.  this dumb ass is as phony as McCain, his butt buddie.   You better start looking for a job
Anyone else getting a wiff of iron here?
Swamp Dweller, I'm originally from SC and you're an embarrassment! I hope that  good people of SC fire you. You're why we need term limits!
Not your decision to make Senator! If POTUS is not happy with AG that's his prerogative and you know it! STOP IT!
We see you as a sign of weakness and will vote accordingly Rhino
You know what else is weak? Watching Trump disregarding norms, laws & protocol and doing nothing about it.
And yet? You're still complicit in his agenda. Why will you not stand up Lindsey?
Lindsey is another @georgesoros puppet.    You think he gives a shit about you???   
You think Trump gives a shit about you??
I've spoken to these people... they are stupid enough to believe he cares about them...
Every thing he has done his entire life proves he cares about no one without the name Trump.
Don't fall for this fake ass rhetoric. He's bending over backwards to cover for trump by discrediting our IC, FBI, and investigate Hillary.
That's why I'm firing you when I move to SC this year
Absolutely correct. @POTUS is completely impotent & too gutless to do anything other than whine & complain on twitter. It's pathetic.
Then do something about it. Your job is to serve the American people and to provide checks and balances. Show us you put #countrybeforeparty
When Graham and McCain speak out, the rest will follow. It's time for the @GOP to stop @realDonaldTrump.
The GOP is lucky that Trump is such a freakshow because it keeps the spotlight off of the lies they've been telling us for years. #GOP
You're one to talk, Mr. I don't agree with this bill but I'll still vote yes as long as the House promises to shut it down...
All Hale John McCain.  How come you don't have the guts to be like him ?  Lobbyists run your life Graham.  Your an Ass Kisser.
I wish you had been that forceful when Obama humiliated Christians & targeted theTea Party by using the IRS!Where were you then?#shamefuldem
The Republicans in the senate are my political enemy's.  Any republican that is not on board With Trump must go.

The primaries are coming
I want my vote back
Iow, trump is a passive aggressivr bully. Yeah. We all know that
.Isn't it time to end the Trump circus?  He's bringing down our country and your party.
So what do you suggest we do?
I really wish you were not republican!  You're so dang smart and funny and dedicated
But he also really wants to bomb Muslims, so...
Yeah. I disagree with him on just about everything. But I still like him
It's fine for U support AG but not ok for you to threaten POTUS to not exercise his Constitutional authority! AG serves at POTUS pleasure!
This is y u will never b POTUS. STOP running ur mouth against ur own party/POTUS. Wht if Dems were attacking ur fam with Russia nonsense?
@realDonaldTrump Since when? You're a real standup guy in your own mind, I see.
.Being a party shill doesn't have to be a lifetime affliction, go out with a bang  redeem yourself and your legacy
Anyone who endorsed Jeb Bush is a mental case
Other than complain has this old drainer achieved anything
No better than Hillary...remember when you & your partner in crime said the overthrow of Kadafi was great...how'd that work out? @POTUS
Proud of the way you are one of the few GOP senators along with Senator McCain who are not afraid to stand up to the orange haired buffoon!
I dont understand. We r not talking about butlers. Serve ME?!! SERVE UR COUNTRY Ya Jack@$$es!!
If you'd fire someone you "did not believe would serve you well", you'd fire Trump.
Call for his impeachment. 
If it were @HillaryClinton, you'd be screeching your lungs out for impeachment, and you know it.
He bullies people now to make up for the million wedgies he must have got as such a DB kid.
If President Trump is showing a weakness,  what is Sessions showing by not resigning?
Trump is insecure and intimidated by his lack of knowledge regarding law, knowing Congress isn't.
This is what Imbtalking about, regardless of what party do the right thing
Yes, yes, yes, you always talk back to Trump on Twitter but you never actually do anything.  Just stop bothering us with your talk.
Lindsey, you ran, you lost, Donald Trump is President. You will pay Hell for you statement. He can fire Sessions and Muller if he needs to
South Carolina is close to firing you.
Holy crap, turtle...we agree on something!
Remember the American People Rejected You during the http://primaries.You  are just one of many members of congress,you are insignificant
Sounds like you agree that serving well=loyalty. Unsurprising.
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/04/lindsey-graham-praises-trump-237361 …
Trump is not serving our country well. We need to fire HIM!
@bitchy_buddhist @mkraju He will bully Sessions until he quits.Then appoint someone who will stop the Russian investigation
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC finally a GOP who will stand up for what is right!
If only your tough talk was reflected in your actions, we could take you more seriously.
You? Or your country. Our country.
Yes let's fire @realDonaldTrump obvious dimished mental capacity. We deserve 2 have a real doctor evaluate POTUS given his bizarre behavior.
Aren't you doing the same?  All you do is complain without action!  You are complicit & weak.  #GOP
Actions speak louder than words, but this is a start Senator.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you Sen. Graham.
what kind of #moral #ethical #values does that represent? #Loyalty? Ask Ivana, Marla and Jeff about it today's @GOP 4 YA
Two Senators CAUGHT On Hot Mic Scheming The UNTHINKABLE Against Trump http://www.realtimetrump.com/two-senators-caught-hot-mic-scheming-unthinkable-trump/ …
I hope trump gets cancer and passes weighing 80lbs in agony with no teeth their I said it
People of SC...PLEASE VOTE THIS TRAITOR OUT.
Yeah well he can't fire him cuz you won't let him rehire. Also, why are you then talkin trash? Why are u doin the same thing u r mad at?
i think mueller need to go because he's a big joke because he is pay Clinton scum and he needs to be be lockedup with the other treasons
Well then can we fire you because you're not serving us well.  Work with Dems to improve the ACA.  Stop this BS!
You know this country is upside down when I start looking forward to @LindseyGrahamSC statements
Stay on the Clinton News Network, that's where you belong.
Watching you, one of the biggest rinos, on  Fox News this morning. You never liked Trump. Don't say you back him. The people know better.
So why are you allowing this kind of behavior to continue?!? DO SOMETHING before it's too late! Running out of time!
DO SOMETHING.  STOP TALKING.

 “This is not draining the swamp. What he’s interjecting is turning democracy upside down.” - @LindseyGrahamSC
Thank you!  We don't have to agree on all policies and that's what elections are about, but we have to agree on what is America!
Good job! Saw your interview on @CNN this morning, I will urge my senators from PA to support your special prosecutor bill.  Thanks again!
yes! like a man, not a baby
Well, duh...we all recognized from before the beginning that he was a sham...how real is reality tv, after all?
Weakness is you and the entire GOP for allowing all that is happening to our country.  Party before country, we get it.
you & your @GOP colleagues are acting out of weaknesss by not impeaching and removing him. Watching him destroy the country
Stop being cowards while that person in the W.H. makes a laughing stock of the U.S. Grow a pair
The GOP doesn't have the courage to stand up to him.  Truly stand up, not tweet or say you are disappointed.
From one of the poorest states in the US. Gonna b a lot of business for the undertaker in SC
You and fellow GOP Senators need to put that person in the W.H. in his place. You let him do these things, daily
Sen. Lisa Murkowski being threatened.  What about that? Do something. Stand up for her.
@LindsayGrahamSC certainly changed his tune from the Yates hearing too bad he don't the balls vote against taking away health insurance
He can't cuz then he'd be the Firer in Chief!
@GemMar333 #MAGA
Wisdom from a "Twetty Bird" congressman (?). Maybe he should fire himself ... he's at his best when screwing the whole country ...
Just like we are going to fire you!
Then I suggest you table an impeachment bill.
Trump is a man without courage, he's a bully. When will the Congress stand up to him? He will not be able to help get anyone elected.
It triggers you that's clear.Not necessarily bc you really care about people.Resign you will soon be voted out
So why aren't you fired yet?
Senator Graham, trump is bringing you all down.Dont like Sessions but he should NOT resign. trump is a snake
Also a sign of weakness - kowtowing.
You can start impeachment on @realDonaldTrump who is NOT serving our country's best interests, no?
You and your colleagues in the Senate have the power to fire the president*, who isn't serving this country well. Use it!
You know what @LindseyGrahamSC, DT tried humiliating you over & over yet you still support his convoluted agenda. Why?
Weakness is staying in a party led by an evil fool and voting with him every time while talking tough words without meaning. Quit the GOP.
This man confuses me one minute im sure he's in trumps pocket and then he says shit like this 
Yeah well ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS! So please do something about Trump or stop whining about him cuz it's sign of weakness!!!!
Then do something about this! You know why he's doing this! He's scared of Mueller's investigation!
He is weak! God help us if there's a major attack!
So why haven't you taken steps to impeach Trump ? He doesn't serve the country well and you know it.
Firing AG for adhering to DOJ rules regarding recusals is ok?  Send a message to WH that we operate under rule of law. Or has GOP forgotten?
Democrat
Then get rid of him! He's already given us loads of reasons to impeach. Do your job for the American people!!!! Have some courage.
Seriously? Every time you try to wear your Big Boy pants you buckle like the wilting flower you are and fall in line with the GOP.
Trump hasn't done anything to serve the American People well in 6 months your move Sir.
How about actively resisting him then? All the subtweets and interviews filled with "dismay" in the world won't fix our broken norms.
Graham is daring Trump to fire him and not by accident. I'm not a Graham fan but this makes me think Mr Graham is not our enemy.
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
Well since he is not the President do not understand what he "thinks" he would do if he were! Supposition is easy with no accountability!!!
Have you met a bully who could fight ? Trump talks the talk but can't walk the walk. He has others do his dirty work for him. He's a coward.
He is right POTUS is weak and a coward
You're not smart enough to see the strategy. Not surprised. How's the illegal arms deals going?

What's weakest is senators who don't stand up for their country!
POTUS #45 would have to take some responsibility & initiative first. That's too much work. He would rather play golf and/or watch TV.
This is all about the investigation. He thinks he's above the law.
For the first time, something this liberal agrees with you on
Get Real! You know that can't be done. Why do you behave as if We're stupid? Which side of the Curtain are You standing on? Watch out.
You're daring him Graham...I like it, but what's the end game???
Can one of you begin some kind of return to normalcy in our government?  It's shocking what is happening in our country. Thank you.
So instead of all the marching & satire, if We The People do not believe Trump can serve us well, we can just fire him? Problem solved! Yay!
You talk a good game, Senator but you're enabling  this bully in the WH terrorize people
I have a speck of respect for you...keep it that way
Do you think that Trump is serving you well? How about the country? Who exactly is he the President of? Who do you serve? #Disaster
In the real world, the human resources dept would get the boss doing the humiliating fired.
You and your buddy john McCain have done nothing for america since trump was elected time to retire
You should really think about opposing trump people love him you keep sticking your foot in your mouth you may not be back to destroy wash.
Also a sign of a bully, a narcissist, and possibly a sociopath.
Well said.
Please get more republicans to publicly denounce this nonsense. He's ruining a once proud (and rightfully so) party.
He is smarter than a fox… Standby and back away
His entire way of being shows he is a weak man and very insecure. Sessions lied, so very conflicted, but Trump can't fire him. But he will.
For a person that don't understand the word loyalty, for some strange reason I thought you would do the right thing 
But you won't stand up to a deranged Orange bully b/c he claims he's a Republican so you're letting our country go into the toilet
RIGHT, lindsey!
you’re corrupt & completely untrustworthy, lindsey. i don’t believe your pithy tweets or critiques of #corruptTrump

#GOPutinsParty
#corrupt
That's because @realDonaldTrump is a weak sister. He doesn't know the first thing about leadership. Never has. Never will.
Hmm. Comments here may be why more GOP don't speak out: Slams from both pro- and anti-Trump forces. Good reason to just do the right thing
WOW!!!!!! That's pretty real!!!
For now we're lucky them that sessions has already humiliated himself as a racist and that minor issue of perjury.
@TrumpWatch This is the only way DRT can feel important. Look at his history-when someone doesn't agree he belittles them.
Trump is a Pussy!
Hey Lindsey...why dont u walk n the Oval Office n the morning & tell this to Trump's face? U Repubs r great at tweeting but not confronting.
A sign? It's a five-alarm fire.
Evergreen for @LindseyGrahamSC: Yada yada disappointed yada yada yada....I will do as the President directs.
So that's why you whole-heartedly support impeachment, right?  Walk the walk!
The AG doesn't serve the president anymore than U do as a senator. U both serve the American people.
Long ago I suspected bad things from this man;maybe it's my Canadian whiles,maybe its just common sense,but whatever it is - eliminate it!
Underneath a boxey suit (that barely hides the paunch),man-tan,dye,hair plugs---a frightened old man,DT, afraid of being exposed as a fraud.
GOP COMPLICIT RUSSIA COVER UP PARTY OVER COUNTRY
EVERY DAY A BRAND NEW HELL @LindseyGrahamSC  Validity of Party First
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
About time one of you fake Republicans stood up for what is right rather than meekly toeing the Fake President #BonespurClapmonger's line!
@LindseyGrahamSC The A.G. Is not #DonaldTrumps Lawyer. He serves the DOJ and the People! #Trump is an #Abusive #POTUS
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC  for being a good senator, and a good psychologist ("weakness" angle )
Could Serve Me WellW/ALL due Respect Senator He's NOT There to Serve Trump but The American PeopleTrump is a Weakling @LindseyGrahamSC
You guys will never get rid of the mental case Trump. He is destroying our democracy and you stay and watch...THAT is weakness.

Another sign of weakness could be expressing concern over your colleagues actions and then supporting them anyway.
Weakness how about lunacy?
Then stop pandering to Trump and friends...and do something about him and his horrible policies.  Don't be weak...like Trump.
Why don't you go ahead and fire 45?
When are you going to serve him Articles?  Waiting...
#PresidentialCyberBully

We have all been taught, being a bully is insecurities and self-worth. This goes 2 show how he thinks of himself.
I would stand up to a tyrant even if he was from my party.
No fan of Sessions by far,However what Trump is doing is wrong on many levels, running the WH like Mafia!
Everyone would, seem like someone who meet up with Russians while campaigning shoot himself in the lag.
Then why are you and the GOP watching trump destroy our country? Is your agenda more important than our country?
You would take away my health insurance while you talk about trumps bullshit.
Sadly the #potus doesn't watch the fake news. You have to say it to him face to face Senator Graham.
He wants sessions out so he can fire deputy AG and fire mueller.Don't you people see that?What will @LindseyGrahamSC do if he fires mueller?
Yeah and you don't mind on how many people will do with out health care or died with out health care neither.
Stop saying shit. You are not going to back those words up with action so you are just as weak. What's wrong with the GOP?
Blah blah blah...Graham's words are as meaningless as Trumps
There goes graham again, "blah, blah, blah", furrow brow, act concerned, do nothing.
great example of a REAL LEADER! Anyone in @GOP who wants to be re-elected should probably listen... also @POTUS is a LOSER
Not if you wanted to make a recess appointment
So why are you not supporting impeachment charges for his malfeasance in office?
Weakness is not supporting our country and President. Pres Trump wasn't your choice but get over it & support OUR President!
