states @realDonaldTrump has a "blind spot on Russia..."  more like a WET SPOT!!! @CNN
Ask them about giving questions to Hillary so they could influence the election. NAH. You aint got that kinda spine.
sucks  hopefully your 0% following watching "muh Russians"
you need to be a CNN political analyst. You fit in with CNN. Great job for you. You can interview McCain daily.
Thank you Sen Graham for defending America & challenging DT...
#CondemnAssange and TRUST our Intelligence Community
You mean the same Intelligence Community that said a video caused the attack in Benghazi? That IC?
Re Michael Morells book Intel Analysts NEVER said video factored into Benghazi attack
Like we believe CNN.. afraid of the truth Mr Graham?
Graham is a disgrace in SC. Why do u think he spends so much time out of state? He hardly ever attacked Barack Hussain
GO BE WITH THEM TRADER WE LOVE TRUMP AND ASSANGE
Maybe 4 BLM members will take you ass hat.
Why aren't u focusing energy on SC problems: high poverty, poor edu system, health care access. #priorities #Christian
you and CNN go together! What are you afraid of?
Figures he'd be on CNN
You never met a camera you didn't like and @CNN is more than happy to allow you to embarrass your party. #disgrace
Graham, do the party a favor and switch to the Democrat http://party.You  would feel much more at home.
#FakeNewsAlert #rino
Where the hell has Lindsey Graham been for 8 years? He's pissed Trump won and now revenge??
LMAO...CNN  Clown News Network....figures you would be kissing their arses....LOL
Why not speak to Julian Assange directly? He and Russia deny hacking into the DNC. CIA & FBI are politicized under BO.
Fantastic! A liar doing an interview with a fake news outlet. Oh the revelations that shall come from this interview!
speaking to fake news network on your speculated assumptions hmmmm..
Fake News is the perfect place for a fake patriot
Great interview!
Did you tell them you're a traitor who gives info to obama & DNC by being a closet democrat? But, they already know!
you're useful fool for left so they can advance their agenda whenever they need
Agree.  But feel the same about POTUS. He has lied so many times.
drop dead  ! @realDonaldTrump should pardon @JulianAssange_  for waking up American people!
Be sure to pick up some debate questions while you're there #FakeNews
Thank you for your well-informed discussion on CNN
though I'm not Republican, I agree 100 percent with your comments on Assange! #dontmesswithourdemocracy
Thank you for speaking out.
A sexual assaulter and accused rapist is defending another accused rapist over US Intelligence?
2
Thank you for your voice of reason. So many of us are depending on your leadership as we move forward.
Will you please call him a "rapist" for me? Thanks.
you have no credibility
Get 'em!
Oh look.  Lindsey Graham is on CNN ,trying to undermine @realDonaldTrump again.  Lindsey Graham is a NATO puppet.
Assange has no credibility.
Assange is a pig and needs to be prosecuted to the max
Will he come over here and kill us all?
drone him!
