I hope next time you have hesitation about the direction of the Trump agenda, your vote reflects that, like your best friend @SenJohnMcCain
You stood at the conference and said how BAD the bill was and then you go vote for it!  You may say the right thing but your actions speak.
You never received your so-called 'assurances' and you STILL voted, "aye!" SHAME ON YOU!
Why don't you hold a press conference about Fusion GPS and the fake report they gave McCain to use against Pres Trump? How's that going?
Yes indeed. run out with John. get on TV. Betray those who voted for you. Lovin th camera again. Does your wife have bama care?
He has no wife.
Exactly. Does the left have some info on old Lindsey? He and John sure are bound to the left for some reason.
It's time to honor your bff @SenJohnMcCain and join his push for a normal process to improve healthcare for Americans. Work with Democrats.
You voted yes on a bill you described as a disaster and a fraud...should have listened to the first amigo
@TGowdySC #TGowdyForSenate2020
How about try standing for Free Markets? How do you get so out of touch??  We want no government in insurance solutions.
So, most of us know you just like to hear yourself talk about how good your are for us....
Ummm didn't I watch you say this bill was a fraud yet hours later you voted yes?? I'm your constituent & I can't wait to vote you out
Why did you vote yes last night? Senator Graham, your vote did not reflect what your words said.
@LindseyGrahamSC gonna trust y'all knew you had votes to stop HC bill w/out yours, but u missed  chance to vote your truth.
if it's good, vote for it
if it's not good, don't vote for it
no need for sanctimonious press con @LindseyGrahamSC
Good to see your friend @SenJohnMcCain has bigger cojones than you. Can't believe you voted in favor of repeal before trying to fix ACA.
To use slang. What a gutless wonder you are. All talk. No action. The worst type of people.
Graham like McCain just another one that wants power no solutions plays good for the liberal media if he an the others hot air
#Shameful
Three theives will lie some more and think we beleive them.TERM LIMITS ARE NEEDED TO STOP THESE ROTTEN TRAITORS. GRAHAM IS A SCUMBAG
Do you now see the heroes emerging this morning ? You could of been one of those , instead you chose to back a bill you didn't believe in
The difference between a real senator @SenJohnMcCain and you - you're simply a sound bite and Senator McCain is about action. #shameonyou
It's particularly gross to see GOP politicians treat health care in such irresponsible fashion considering there are human lives at stake.
It's not governments GOP or Dems duty to tend to any persons healthcare and why would you want that to happen?  What have they done well?
I rarely agree with you but I admire your integrity. Thank you for being an American first.
Courageous in words, but a coward in action. When do words lose meaning? When there is no action to support them.
Please run for president..

Study Spanish at @SanPedroSS the best place to learn!
Estudia español en @SanPedroSS el mejor lugar para aprender!
 
Be on notice from the Conservative voters of America, whom you betrayed  in their millions, have marked your status as Senator for deletion.
We pay over 3 thousand dollars a month for each of their healthcare plans so they have nothing to worrie about.scumbags
do you ever shut up?
You let your constituents down last night. You're no better than the others, and we won't forget.
Yeah keep running your big moth on tv bashing our POTUS getting Nothing Done for us we live in your state everyone we talk to voting you Out
Thank God Senator McCain had the courage to do what you could not.  Show a little gumption, Senator!!!
Your comments about our POTUS are despicable. The only thing we want is the end of you as a senator. Go retire far far away.
If the health care bill was a "fraud" why did you vote for it? That makes *you* a fraud, doesn't it?
Can't wait... To support those running against you
You voted yes, but said it was a fraud?
Fully repealing the ACA was an old battle cry that was no longer the answer to the problem. I am disappointed that you voted for a bad bill.
Thank you so much for not just giving into party ideology. You're trying to do what's right not even if it's not easy.
If I ever move to SC from NC you would have my vote.
In the end you voted for skinny repeal. Sir I used to respect you but now I am extremely disappointed. Country over party
I believed you and you lied. Never again.
Vote no
Why do Republicans inherently care more about money than people?  You should all be ashamed of yourselves.
Can't believe you're going to vote yes for something you know is bad... u can't be trusted to do the right thing.   Sad
The Three Little Pigs ride again!! What a lying Fuck Whistle you are Graham. We will remember. No one will forget the treachery of #VichyGOP
Conservative Christian shame on you
Sir, look at all the people right outside your window begging you and your comrades to help us.  Please vote no.
Get your mug off tv, Lindsey-sick of your spew about your "indignity" about everything-u don't do anything about anything-stay off the media
Paul Ryan's position on safety net crystal clear. You cannot trust him! Vote NO on the "skinny" bill. Fight for real process!
This is how you & the @gop conduct democracy to hide the CBO score. Disgraceful
Not doing anything & accepting the #healthcare status quo is unacceptable to millions of Americans suffering under Obamacare. 
Seems like you really want to lose your job. What the hell were you doing the past 7 years
Right?
It's amzing cause when Obama was jst vetoing them they passed it no problem but now they have a president who wouldn't- They don't vote 4 it
Tells you a lot, doesn't it? 
I think they wanted me to vote for them. Maybe? Lol
Why do you want to kill the people you work for? Please vote NO. get to work on a bipartisan bill. I want to live sir. Don't I deserve life?
still voting NO or did u get a promise?? that won't be fulfilled.DEAD bodies will be on you and the rest of the @SenateGOP if #skinny passes
Vote No! Can't put enough lipstick on the "skinny" pig! Don't hand fake win 2 fake legislators & road to screw over millions of Americans!
No!!!!! Go to committee in traditional senate protocol. #bi-partisan
You talk tough but ultimately have no spine!  The voters will hold you accountable soon enough when you betray them with this hc Bill!
Shame on you all. May God damn you all. Evil. Truly evil. We will remember this.
Please don't pass this mess of a health plan.  @SenatorEnzi is not doing anything to help work together by refusing to answer questions
You are a nothing.  A nobody.  A pathetic sad RINO who will never be president. Your jealousy towards @realDonaldTrump is embarrassing
This is not the way to legislate. What's happening is not the way we govern in this country. #SkinnyRepeal
If you know this is a trash bill, do the right thing and VOTE NO! We deserve quality healthcare.
No honor.
You're a disgrace if you vote yes
H.R. 1628, the Healthcare Freedom Act of 2017, an Amendment in the Nature of a Substitute [S.A. 667] https://www.cbo.gov/publication/52979 …
Why on God's green earth would you vote yes EVER for something you yourself have said is terrible?! Such a coward. Such a betrayal of SC
How afraid r u that the NWO is in deep peril?
You claim to know the bill is a fraud on the American people. DO NOT VOTE YES, as once you do it is completely out of your hands.
Do not pass a bill unless you're ready for it to become law. This is literally what we elect you to do. House promises are NOTHING.
And then you change your mind because Ryan promised... please...
More important to save Jeff Sessions than millions who need health care, right Lindsey?
You, Johnson, & McCain will put up a smoke screen and then shoot us anyway with a "yes" vote. Party over people as usual.
Put your constituents before party. Vote NO or own this abomination when it becomes law on Saturday
Vote no or sit down and be quiet. Stop pretending you care about the millions of people who stand to lose their healthcare.
Premiums go up for not only ACA but private sector due to dropping individual mandate. Nobody thinks need till they do! Need healthy in pool
No individual mandate. Like before ACA they get treated and leave debt to hospital. Hurts industry. Raises cost for all.
Fight for the PEOPLES healthcare the way you're fighting for Sessions 
Vote no. Don't trust late night back door politics or Paul Ryan. Many issues! Employers drop coverage leaving more insured?
Ryan will give you a conference then turn around and pass the skinny bill YOU said was a disaster!!

We The People know this do you???
The house can make this a law even with a conference. Don't trust PR. STAND UP FOR THE PEOPLE! Vote No. You will still have your healthcare
Vote No on skinny bill. Ryan dumped mean bill on Senate 2 fix. U dump back on him and he will pass the bill no one wants so Trump can party
A rigid, mean ideology that gives not a whit about people in need and despises the idea of good governance. Time for this crap to end. 2/2
premiums up by at least 20%, at least 16 million will be uninsured, and you are okay to vote for this?  how?  despicable.
how can you do this to the people who believed in you, who trusted you, you are giving up all your leverage and power on healthcare
see you have already flopped.  call it awful, a fraud...then agree to vote for it based on a verbal promise to have a conference.
Do Not Vote yes for a bill you don't want!!!! It makes No Sense. Show some integrity in this insane process!!
You can't create a bill you find acceptable, so you put it in the hands of people who will make it even less acceptable? All for what? 1/2
You can't possibly be this foolish
Despite what Paul Ryan apparently promised, this bill is designed to pass the House. Seems McConnell was maybe trying to pull a fast one.
You can't possibly be this much of a disgrace https://t.co/92RfIXpBQH?amp=1
You can't possibly be that stupid
Graham: "The skinny bill as policy is a disaster. The skinny bill as a replacement for Obamacare is a fraud." (via @MSNBC) 
Vote to go to committee.   Tonight is not the night.  Help us please.
If you vote yes & risk disaster for tens of millions, let shame follow you wherever you go.
Millions are going to suffer because you volunteered to jump into madness. People will spit at the TV screen everytime your face is on it.
Please don't approve a bad health bill.
@SpeakerRyan has been dreaming of taking healthcare from people since college, you think he cares about your word? His word? You're a fool
You guys are toadies.
When we talk about men who chose madness over healthcare, you will be the 1st and last guy mentioned. We will mock you with earned vitriol
Your going to get screwed in the end by paul Ryan and Trump. You will see
My goodness, once again . You say one thing, usually describing the right thing to do. And then you vote the party line. Party over country.
Lindsey Graham quotes of skinny repeal followed by "And Then He Voted for it!" will be your lasting legacy when we talk about stupidity
Please vote NO on #skinnybill!
Felt encouraged, but apprehensive during your press conference. Wish I was surprised that you fell into line. Who will have a GOP backbone?
You enjoy your healthcare that we pay for while @SpeakerRyan drinks shots when puts the skinny bill on trump's desk. #shame will follow you
The 3 of you should become democrats cause you act like them,,Traitors
You will deserve every ounce of scorn and your apologies will mean nothing to the millions you deserted for the benefit of trump and ryan.
Your behavior is offensive and cowardly on the health care bill
Again all bluster. Talked a big game earlier then a yes vote for a piece of crap because Ryan "promised".
You are turning your back on America for political gain, don't ever talk to us like you care about our well being because it is a lie.
You should retire @LindseyGrahamSC! That press conference was just a pony and dog show! You have no backbone & don't care about Americans!
You are putting millions of lives at risk so you can play childish political games. We will never forgive you when @SpeakerRyan dupes you.
Why would you vote for a bill that you admit is terrible, horrible and half-assed? Get off the @SenateMajLdr train and start working for us!
If you trust @SpeakerRyan & he lies to you, you will go down in history as one of the most gulliable, naive politicians ever.
Please don't pass this.  The house is dysfunctional, this might pass there as is.
You're a coward.  How do you sleep at night?
don't be a coward & turn on your country, the history written of you will not be about the votes or favors you won, but what you did
You could have made it shorter by simply saying, "I have no principles at all."
You cave every time.
You called #SkinnyRepeal a "fraud" and are still considering voting for it... WHAT DO WORDS MEAN!?
If you pass this nightmare of a bill, history will remember you as one of our nations greatest traitors to democracy. You're a fraud.
Ryan won't promise to go to committee
You will never in your life live down voting for a healthcare bill you know to be a fraud.
you know the GOP is making their self look like jack ass  doing nothing but fighting,back stabing.we voters will fire you ass next time.
I'm not a political supporter, but I respect and admire you. I miss the old days of politics, and fear what our country is falling prey to.
Senator, do not vote for legislation you know is bad. Ryan will make sure it goes straight to 45's desk no matter what he says. Bad for all.
Its simple: VOTE NO if you don't want it to become law.
Will you really vote for something you call a fraud?  Don't!
VOTE NO on the #skinnybill do not continue this mockery to our government and country. Hope is not a plan.
I'm no lawyer, but Isn't the point of voting on a bill for it to become law? I don't think "bill" means what you think it means...
you need to stand by your word...FRAUD.  you are going to vote for a FRAUD bill to give a FRAUD president the win he wants.
You said it best a year ago: Republican Party is #batshitcrazy. Vote no on #SkinnyRepeal.
Press conference for what? You haven't done anything!
Save 44 million! So what you did on sanctions! Stand UP FOR US!! We work hard, pay taxes, and you said you'd stand with us in DC!!
You said it. We heard you. Skinny repeal is a disaster & fraud. Can't take a chance with Ryan & Co. You know what you have to do, now do it.
Man i cant wait to vote against you Graham!!!
Lindsey, when you mean no, don't say yes. Only no means no. You cannot say yes, and expect people to hear no.Grow up and stop playing games.
You are a sitting Senator. This is your problem
Sad for the state of s Carolina to have a senator that votes for something he knows is bad for americans
Sad that you admit you're voting for something you know is bad for Americans.  You're vote is you're voice and now it's crap
if it is such a horrible bill vote NO. makes no sense to vote for the skinny bill. stop and work to improve the ACA in bipartisan manner
You need to work with Trump, not McCain.
House threw the hot potato to the Senate, Senate wants to throw it to the House hoping they throw it to conference. Founding fathers sad.
....U said urself the bill is a fraud,  Why perpetuate the fraud by letting house get it where Ryan will stab u in the back.  JUST SAY NO!!!
Nice circus act. Funny lines. Haha old phone.  How about voting no on the horrendous bill? That would actually be commendable
you cannot seriously believe that the skinny bill will not be passed as is by House - they are SAYING as much - VOTE NO on skinny bill!!!!!
Novel idea.....just vote NO on the skinny bill.  U r being played by Ryan who will say anything just to get the bill sent to house....
Waste of time and what was the point. We thought you was announcing you were becoming a man instead you and John bowed to Trump on TV
Please don't simply transfer voting responsibility back to the House on a bill you call a "fraud".  Do your job!
OMG, seriously are u on crack? What the hell? R u so afraid of the Koch bros? Cause I will take them on if u r afraid. Let me know. Really.
You're about to get rolled in an alley,@LindseyGrahamSC  @SpeakerRyan will smile in your face & knife you in the back. You too smart 4 that.
U r going to vote for a unworkable piece of junk bill, if your buddy P. Ryan agrees to vote against it. I am trying not to go all mooch on u
Get a backbone Lindsey and VOTE NO! Dont play cowardly game of hot potato and say u will vote yes if Ryan promises not 2 make it law.
Yeah, saw that. You know that if you don't want it to become law ..you don't vote for it. Remember how that works?
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain are transpolititions! They take turns wearing the liberal dresses!
@SenJohnMcCain Voting 4 bad bill w/hope it won't become law isn't http://governing.You  will lose all credibility. Show leadership
Thank you for standing up for regular order!  This can't be just politics- need full process 4 impt matter!
Don't you think as the current voice of reason in the Republican party you should vote AGAINST the healthcare bill if it is bad? Seriously!
Let it collapse, wow the well being of those American's needing the heath care doesn't seen to bother you. Get over the politics.
Please do the right thing!!! Dont bow down to Trumps commandments!! Put Americans first!
So you agree the bill is a disgrace, but will vote yes anyway? Despite your constituency telling you to vote no?
You, sir, are the disgrace.
He thinks the bill will go to committee if they pass it. Ryan doesn't want to go to committee. Won't promise to go to committee
RYAN WILL NOT STAND UP TO TRUMP NO TO SKINNY @SenJohnMcCain
Don't forget your position is replaceable. Don't forget who voted for you. We voted to #MAGA ..don't distract @POTUS from his agenda please
.You got a chubby that the cameras will be on? You're absolutely pathetic.
"It is not wise to pass bills that you do not want to become law."
Ryan says he will not rule out passing the skinny repeal.  Be honorable and true to your word and vote no. Make this bipartisan for America!
No version of repeal is acceptable. This #TrojanHorse bill is no exception. VOTE "NO" ON #OBAMACARE REPEAL.
Did I understand that you'd only vote for SR is with ironclad assurance the House wouldn't pass it? Know how batshit insane that sounds?
Saw the conference.  You made no sense.   If it's a bad bill vote no.  Isn't that how it's suppose to work.  Yes vote is reckless.
Remember Mr. Graham, U r a career leech of DC. If @POTUS chooses to fire anyone, WE STAND BEHIND HIM. 8 yrs Obama gave it  2 U from behind.
Senator Graham, thank you for putting your Country ahead of your Party.
Thank you for your proposed special counsel bill. (From a weary 70-yr old unaffiliated life-long student of U.S politics & gov't.)
Sir I have such a high respect for you. You are a true patriot
Ryan said NO TO GUARANTEE
Take it further. This bill in ANY form should NEVER be going forward. It is an affront on the Constitution & the democratic process.
Handful of u RHINO repub senators should be voted out ASAP.We r ashamed to have reps like u traitors.Always talking shit about our POTUS
HEY Crybaby Graham! We The People elected Trump to light a fire under your asses to get to WORK. Deliver on Trumps agenda which is ours!!
Don't you dare give your opinion about whether or not OUR PRESIDENT can or cannot fire Muller. He should and he has been too patient so far
@LindseyGrahamSC and @SenJohnMcCain - Wouldn't you agree that using white phosphorous is a crime against humanity?
If the bill is a "disaster" & a "fraud," for God's sake vote NO on it! Totally irresponsible to push it forward in 'hopes' House does right.
Sc residents vote this bozo out. Sore loser.
RIP @GOP. Only an idiot would vote for a half assed bill written on a napkin that effects millions and 1/6 of economy. So irresponsible!
Look icky staring at you in the mirror! @LindseyGrahamSC doesn't want or need approval from @realdonaldtrump vulgar body stained supporter.
Thank you.  The Senate can do better going through their regular process.
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain 
Paul Ryan can't stand up to Trump. Please, please don't pass it.
And please, use that same fortitude to actually stand up to one of the worst excuses for a President in our history.
Please, for the love of the nation, find your inner testicular fortitude and vote against the travesty that is the skinny bill.
Bullshit
Liars Liars Liars, these Senators don't care for the American People. If they care for the American people, one payer system that's it
