I went to sleep woke up with CNN repeating same Shit #ShootMe Yep Media insane driven #Vault7
except what crime has been committed?  This is NUTS!
Nuts? No. What's nuts is that it took this long.
tell me, what crimes have been committed?  They talked with Russia, they made deals.  How is this not ok?
They'll hang Flynn, Page, and Manafort out to dry. Trump will skate on the Russia charges but won't get away from the abuse-of-power charges
Hjjjkkkkkkkkkk
Yes it has and wait and watch just how much they find on the Dems can't wait my self for truth to much talk and no undeniable evidence
Trump if you fire one missile you bring the world to stone age
Let's not forget treason
Man, he is hyperventilating . . . Trump is fcuked.
The whole nation is hyperventilating . . . I hate Trump for putting us through this.
Same here. It's stressful and an embarrassment in front of the whole world.
@realDonaldTrump No crime stated.Sen.Graham,you are a media whore,sir.Look at your glee w/cameras. U R A !!
Having a criminal in the white house one who is selling the US to Russia is bad for the country!
Selling us to Russia, please go ask Hillary how that works. No evidence but , show us the memo that doesn't exist!
Yeah and thats what it should be! Trump has broken the law many times and he needs to be prosecuted! This is not going to just go away!
Graham...you need to switch-over to the Democrat Party you war mongering traitor !
120 and Trump is involved in a criminal investigation. Voters were warned & they held their nose and voted for him. Shame. CNN @FoxNews @ap
Lindsey Graham is nuts. No evidence of Trump collusion. Plenty of evidence that the DNC interfered to defeat crazy Bernie
@LindseyGrahamSC RINO you are the definition of why we need to #draintheswamp
A president who thinks he is above the law hurts the country too, @LindseyGrahamSC  Tell him to resign.
Trump deserves to be outed out! He self destructs himself! No one to blame but himself! This is what half America voted for!! Sick People!
Oh CNN - jumping to conclusions again
I'm distantly related to that.... They are starting to cover their asses.
No shit Sherlock!
You gonna be pulled in too Mr Graham?
Do tell us traitor what exactly was the crime committed, neither U or the talking heads can say.
We want details Now! @GOP
Of course it's criminal
Maybe corporate media "news" shows should actually call it that! Kind of like calling this administrations LIES, FN LIES!
"In case you missed it". Lol. Like I could not have missed it. It's there dozens of times a day to brainwash the people.
How perceptive! Criminal activity requires criminal investigation.
Flaccid faced do nothing plays the party line as usual.
Why is it you seem very upset?  You should be happy that it all is coming out. Unless u know 
Maybe just maybe Lindsey Graham has an ounce of integrity
He knew this was a criminal investigation from the start. he as well as all the GOP dragged their heels and tried to downplay it.
Lock them all up n send a message to Putin..you don't in no way mess with our democracy. .
So you are NOT going to not stop till u get to the bottom it like u swore,ur passing the buck.Its also political.Impeach. #memo
Graham & McCain, two Republican, vets who deserve recognition for their service both in the military and in the Senate. And I'm a Democrat.
.@LindseyGrahamSC, "Getting to the #truth hurts our #democracy."
Where' ccn tweet on dianne feinstein staying there is no evidence of collusion? Graham stated the same. If there was it would've been leaked
Senator @LindseyGrahamSC needs to stay off microphones.
Umm...about-face after POTUS departs...
No, politicians like you hurt the country. #complicit #crooks
he is positively giddy.
lol where have you been
Resign! Not having a special prosecutor hurts the country. UNAMERICAN !
It's always been both a counter-intelligence and a criminal investigation.
Agree!
Still waiting for when @LindseyGrahamSC reaches the end of his leash and goes back to lay at Trump's feet like a good dog.
Wimp
with language like that there most be pretty good evidence that crimes have been committed.
Now? Where have you been? We told you so.
He sounds like he's about to blow a load over this.
Don't know how this guy still calls him self a republican. Just sad! Deep state lover and part of the #gop #rino collation or GOP pussy!
Oh Oh....back up the http://bus.Open  the doors.All that cannot get a seat will find a place under the bus,but the bus will move on.
Tap scroll watch

WE WANT McCain & Graham to be investigated for Spying. 

@SpeakerRyan @TGowdySC @Reince @MichaelCohen212 @realDonaldTrump
Another lying GOP.
Is there no one in the entire GOP with balls? Honestly wake up and smell democracy burning you twits!

I propose a new name for Lindsay: Waffleman!!! Look Lindsay, you are either for the Constitution of the United States, or not. Period.
Is it me or does Sen. Graham appear to be clicking his heels at this revelation? He can hardly contain himself. 
You are a disgrace to the Republican Party and you had no votes in primary. Switch sides or support. #drainthe swamp
Trump is really brain challenged. He thinks special counsel hurts the country, HAHAHAHAHA
Graham n mccain--time for 2 old farts to fade away.  It's special COUNSEL not prosecutor u nit wit
@Carja @FoxNews Goodness, for a moment there we figured Sen #LindsayGraham is a Democrat. He doesn't seem to be offended.

Hey girl, take some Midol..
@LindseyGrahamSC @CNN yup...& who against
KABOOOOM !!!

@LindseyGrahamSC: "I have reason to believe DNC, Hillary & DOJ Colluded on Hillary email Investigation.…
CNN Fake news, time for change.
You think? How profound.
this idiot has no evidence....
Trump will say anything. #TREASON
Gee, you think? What tipped you off?
There's something about how Graham acted today, his mannerisms..he's scared, he's convinced there's wrong doing..it was just different..
Get on track Stop spreading LIES
Criminal investigation toward Liberals for spreading Lies
Pretty clear that the GOP is getting ready to bail on Trump
The crime is Trump
He seems so excited. Lol
Lindy Graham is strictly an idiot. John McCain isn't much better these days.
A joke he is like McCain they both need to go away. Idiots
Lindsey Graham should b investigated for crimes against the us tax payers
no kidding.
#CareerPoliticians and #MediaHypocrisy are killing our country. they both need to retire or grow up.
Well hello....   thank you for acknowledging that.  Now get that POS out of office so .. perhaps you might make headway on health care!!!
Can we have a special election and elect a second Donald Trump?
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpcareSucks
Lindsey is a little slow
“So … did we get him? Is this all over?......No, we didn’t? Nothing matters? Absolutely nothing matters anymore?”
Seems to me, the sun is hot...
Somebody needs to do the job the GOP refuses to do! GOP just likes to blow up microphones!
"Now let's get back to work on Clinton." 

@ThaSneakerhead_
Read Rosenstein's letter authorizing prosecution if fed crimes found. That makes it a criminal prosecution.
A criminal investigation of the POTUS is the beginning of what we plebs refer to as "the impeachment process," Senator.

Most were riding with Trump until he hosted the Russians & Russian press, and jabber-lipped  about intel info. That was the straw that...
WITCH HUNT MY ASS!THE GOP PARTY Lead by D.Trump & P.Ryan have left normal politics behind & is a  corrupt, CULT while covering  for Trump!
Now being reported that comey was never asked to stop Flynn enquiry..and there is no evidence of any memo.
Amazing as how you're one of many Liberals, Racists that has been promoting the Russian probe
Trump supporters choose to ignore the wrong Trump has done no matter what cost it will b to the USA.
Time for Goldman Sachs to put in their Democrat team. More sleep further right.
This is indeed.And nobody should be spared during this investigation.This directly going to impact US Economy & security.
Lindsey Graham is part of the problem! Not the solution! When the swamp is drained Lindsey will be gone...IT'S TIME!!

You are a stool pigeon and everyone knows it
He looks happy, relieved!
The aisle is getting blurrey...that is good news.
His next reaction was to go after Hillary, again, for God's sake!
All you hear is Graham and mc Cain spouting off their mouths, you idiots need to get your own show, your not helping our great country
Miss Lindsey... you are a HYPOCRITE
Get busy and staffed up for your counterintelligence investigation and stop flitting around. @sengraham2016
Bitter at Americans for rejection in  election Graham turns traitorous.#trumptrain #MAGA but he's a washed up has been so no one listens.
reporters better watch out or trump will give them the guillotine, they are close to sedition
And this administration hasnt?
What did Trump promise you to get you to change your tune? You almost had me thinking that you cared for our country. Stripes don't change
No evidence of Trump colluding with Russia (a 4 month investigation) Alan Dershowitz ( democrat legal scholar) no obstruction of justice
Ya think
bingo    bango     bongo
He also said this hampers congressional comms. currently investigating but I am not sure that is true.
Graham is a real creepy guy, that should look into his own closet......
NOT À COUNSELOR À PROSECUTOR
Poor liberals, about to be disappointed yet again.
Guys an idiot, nothing will come of this , keep pushing the bullshit.. seems to help our country unite! Jackasses
What is hurting the country now is Trump and The Republican Party.
@kdbk42 @CNN Was this before or after he wants to reopen Clinton email investigation.
He seems two faced, doesn't he?
Graham can hardly hold back his smile and laughter
What crime has been commited? this is really low.particularly from Rep Sen. sore losers, traitors They will nevee have the House/Sen Presi.
It's about damn time.
Let's start talking about the deep state the one that really controls the government and all those puppets in front of your camera
Seems GOP is distancing themselves from 45 more and more
Still no evidence.
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC, Trump is a criminal.
Can't believe media hasn't discussed my details/context on #Trump/#Russia/#mafia ties, PLZ SHR, help get word out
Awwwww, we're not listening. The Resistance is moving forward.
I agree it's a criminal investigation
yipeeeee!  Here we come @realDonaldTrump!!!!
What crimes? How about Flynn taking 500k to do Turkey's bidding and the dolt baby man letting him influence?
You go Lindsey!
Ya think ?
Hoping the OBAMA'S ARMY Deep State Treasonous Intel Agency who illegally leaked to FAKE NEWS MEDIA gets hanged!
People need to keep in mind that any GOP that jumps on board now is just getting on the bandwagon. Be wary of new voices.
You sweet talkin' man!
So high treason is a crime. Who knew?
It's about time a criminal investigation Praise GOD what took you also long
Remember when Trump said his campaign had NO contacts with russians?
GOOD.  His name was Seth Rich not "russia" DNC refusing to turn over Servers to FBI after lying about this.. Criminal hampered investigation
I never thought I'd say this but since the election I have a newfound respect for Senator's Graham and McCain.
Just now that occurred to you Lindsey. God I love a good master of the obvious.
The letter of the day is T
Treason, Trump and Time to go to jail
Thank you Senator Graham for standing up for this Country with Sen. McCain to pursue the truth and help to restore faith in our government
Trump is telling aides he wants to re-hire Michael Flynn if he’s cleared by the FBI:
does any Democrat care about what Russia thinks about how we are working on nothing to do with Russia they laughing at us
Special Counsel probe hurts the lying Trump.
...that moment when the spin cycle swallows it's own tail.
#MarchForTruth @LindseyGrahamSC This means public investigations including Independent Commission pronto! GOP not gonna weasel out of this
Then it's CNN compost news
Is he talking about Hillary hammering computers?
No
Sounds like he's trying not to cry. At least it sounds better than sniff sniff thing that #trumpy does
Lock them up.
Umm it is a criminal investigation dumba$$ sharing intel with mother russia is frowned upon Also asking the fbi to drop investigation stupid
I think it's time that Twisted Sister Lindsey retires and take his life partner McCain with him. You're either rep or dem - but not both.
What leads Graham to believe the Russia probe is a criminal investigation? Just tell me what makes this idiot believe what he said is TRUE?
I guess he knows something you don't
Why did it take so long for you to see this?
Malcolm,  get on the mountain top and scream,  "THERE IS ONLY ONE STORY THAT YOU FOLKS SHOULD BE TALKING ABOUT, RUSSIA ATTACKED US. PERIOD!
Don't get so happy
