Alternatively you can decide to not remove healthcare from millions...
Not everybody can afford it. And despite the broken system, US gov still spends double per capita than countries with "socialist" healthcare
I pay for channels I don't watch so I can get the channels I do watch. This analogy is BS.
Dude you're not American
A man that has a great luch ploting how to hurt and kill children or throw seniors on the street with no healthcare it not much of a man
Since when do you care about life after birth when you support the death penalty and ppl being thrown off ins? Hypocrite.
Oh ok, so no worries then. 
REP & DEMS Should get rid ofDACA empathy for our own workers comes first some are war vets children some father Disabled 
GET IN LINE OR OUT
I am a South Carolina resident and I would lose my health care if you repeal Obamacare because I have a preexistent heart condition
You mean #FullRepealNow and #ReplaceNever, right?
Does it give ALL the same level of care as sen McCain and you have or just access?
Please find a bipartisan solution to this.
Just fix it.  Learn to work together and work FOR ALL PEOPLE. We hired you.
I don't care what it's called. Obamacare, trumpcare or repeal. We just want something good and affordable.
You had a good meeting, so you told him he was great and smart?
@postandcourier @realDonaldTrump SC DEMANDS A VOTE OF NO. U R ELECTED TO REPRESENT US NOT WHAT U BELIEVE. REMEMBER THAT!
For all these years none of everyone figured out #repealandreplace doesn't cut it? What America needs is #improvehealthcare. Why can't we
Why wasn't there Democrats invited.
Why don't U focus SC workers ahead of Illegals?U kissed Obama's Arse  & Fight OUR President?U Embarrass SC
Repeal!
DON'T BE RIDICULOUS. TRUMP IS A SERIAL BS'R.  A CHEAP POLICY THAT DOESN'T COVER ANYTHING EQUALS BANKRUPTCY FOR MORE AMERICANS.
Bad Healthcare! Fix ACA and work with bi partisan support. 
 #badplan
Well, if you do, I will not vote for your reelection! REPAIR ACA!
Why are the republicans so adverse to following POTUS? The Dems are so in lockstep, why can't you be too? Made me become a Libertarian.
Senator, you're a reasonable guy. Why not just FIX what's wrong with it? You guys are scaring us with this pissing contest.
How can it be a great mtg.  DT knows NOTHING abt healthcare.  On a home, u do not demolish the entire house, when u can just fix the roof.

Please be successful.  We're counting on 535 Individual Representatives to Think, Speak, and Address the mess that you ALL have created. Thx
Oh god.  Pick a goddamned lane.
I don't think Mr. Graham writes his own tweets nor does he read any replies.
Newsflash:  12% of Americans approve your path "forward".  Actually is backward.
We do not want the ACA repealed.  BTW, the sociopathic POTUS called our hero and your friend, John McCain, a "loser".  Please impeach DT.
Thank you! #RepealAndReplace Obamacare & Liberals can have their DREAM Act and yes, that is significant legislation.
You guys are so off base. Just tweek the ACA and all will be fine. Please think of the lives out there who need help.
Did Sen Graham leave a trail of slime when he entered and exited the room?  That's just what I heard
The only intelligent statements I am hearing are coming from female Senators.
Are you for having 32 million lose their insurance?  If so, you are you better than the other GOP hypocrites!
Fix ACA!
Don't do it. Leave the ACA in place. Work to improve access for more not less. All Americans need affordable care. Lower total cost.
I don't have faith or trust in this man but I do in u to do right by us please don't falter n hide from this monster
Why Don't you do it and guilt talking about it
You can do better than that, Lindsey.    South Carolina expects better from you.
Does that mean it will get done sooner rather than later?
Please get this done and then taxes learn to live on LESS
Why are Democrats never invited to these meetings? Asking for a friend.
Please don't change a thing! Obamacare > Trumpcare
How many million people will no longer have health insurance?
You are on the wrong side of history on this. Tax breaks for the wealthy should not come at the expense of healthcare for the poor.
What are you going to tell the 32 million people who will lose healthcare? You and your party are heartless monsters.
Coverage for all at a lower price, that was what was promised, and that's what we want.
Senator Graham you are too smart to believe what the president spews. You see the truth I believe and want to put nation before party. Do it
Liar. Such a disappointment
1/2 I don't believe there should be govt HC in the first place. The people have become too dependent upon the government.
2/2 According to http://businessinsider.com  more people are flocking towards medical co-ops to save money. Membership is only $40-$90 a month.
With Trump the delusional man who said this about healthcare:
Instead of repealing how bout improving what's there?  Come on this is nothing short of just attempting to undo the Obama admin.
Not what your constituents want!
Was there chocolate cake?
Highlights?
Any bill that doesn't provide affordable coverage to everyone with pre existing conditions should be defeated .@SenToomey
Be sure and keep that replace, NO ONE should have their healthcare TAKEN from them
the only path for the republicans is the unemployment line! #IMPEACHTRUMP #GOPDOYOURJOBS
Nope. Rethink.
can I apologize 4 Obamas black skin &tRUMPS crazy jealousy of the MAN.We want ACA fixed,but THIS is not Obamas legacy.The fire inside him Is
Really? Fantastic... Congress is going to be covered by #TrumpDontCare
gross and disingenuous.  You know this is going nowhere and Trump is a disaster.  He part is the solution.
Meet with your constituents!
45 doesn't do anything great, not even a meeting. Put that bottle down Lindsey
You're being ridiculous, senator. Until you go on the same health plan you are trying to pass for others, you have zero credibility.
did you mention Syria or did it slip your mind?
Please ... "a great meeting" is not possible with that fake of a president. Why would you trust anything he says?
C'mon, anyone can have a great meeting with this fraud; he will say and do anything for the moment. U have so much work to do for the world.
#2020 (that should make it easier for your opposition in 2020 to quickly access all the times you chose party over constituents)
You screwed Lindsey and you maybe like it
Pls don't be apart of this. It's not right.
There are two words that come to mind after reading your tweet but such profanity is prohibited. Well, the second word is YOU.
Why are you so cruel to people without healthcare !
Does any Republican Senators know the word fix?  Why repeal something that provides healthcare to people who otherwise wouldn't have it?
Why don't you listen to our Christian nation? .@speakerRyan
When the president of the United States threatened senators for not agreeing with him on legislation he doesn't understand? Great!
Or better yer, try to work with your colleagues to improve the existing ACA.
For get health care what about Trump and Russia
Just get to it! This gridlock amongst Republicans is ridiculous. You have the majority...get it together!
Why weren't there any Democrats at the luncheon? Quit making this about winning. Repeal will cost millions of Americans their insurance.
GOP plan is 2 steal health care from millions of Americans while giving the wealthy tax breaks That's your plan That's always been your plan
Work with the members across the isle to fix ACA.
You just wont come to the light. Do the Russians have dirt on you and young boys or something. And we don't want appeal and replace.
Thank you, Senator Graham!
You seriously kiss his ass. You go on tv say one thing, and get in front of him and brown noise him
You promised to vote no if Americans hate it.  32 million not covered= WE HATE IT. @GOP totally ridiculous putting citizens through this.
Seriously? http://Please.You  hate that orange clown and 4 good reason. Stop bulls**tng & admit that moron and his plans are a joke.
How about fix and improve Obamacare
There is no path forward-Stop and think-People all over our nation depend on ACA for access to health care-Today's sad news even more proof.
Ha! That's a good one, Stinkball!
Please reconsider your position. Sufficient personal events that should compel all to strive to make care affordable & available to all.
You need to give up this public support of this maniac,  your career is dwindling each day you do not stand up for the American ppl
Did you ask him if he gave out any more classified information at his last meeting with the Russian President that he didn't mention??
AKA #RepublicansHateAmericans or #LetsKillPeopleForPolitics or my fav #WeWillLetKidsDieBcWeAreSoreLosers
about time you support our POTUS you act more like a liberal, running to every tv camera to trash our President.
How much money are you gonna make??? 
GOP stop the rhetoric of "repeal and replace". Stop following this presidents lead- it is a dark and dangerous path.
Any Democrats there?
Impeachment time!!! Thieves and traitors in the people's house!! Do something!!
Too bad he's now lost his mind & is threatening to fire everyone including buddy Sessions. HE IS LOYAL TO NO ONE. You need to watch UR backs
what are you nuts???????
Is #RepealAndReplace driven by just loathing/hatred for Obama or that conservatives simply think that insurance for all is bad idea?
Fix it. Repeal will kill people, close hospitals, put people out of work. Vote NO. Do the right thing.
Really? When?
Oh, please.....
JUST GET IT DONE! ...NO VACATIONS UNTIL ITS DONE FOR THE AMERICAN PPL!  @POTUS IS WAITING PEN IN HAND!
@foxnation we should repeal & replace Senators that have BS American people for 7 years !
What has the GOP got against citizens of the nation having health care we can live with, affordably?
Lack of individual health; weak nation.
Sad.
Wish u would work with ALL senators
Very disappointing. GOP has not put forward anything except dire consequences for those of us who are older buying individual policies
Are you tired of getting on the bus and being summond to the white house like a child, being intimated , threatened bullied into loyalty.
I liked your idea better than McConnell's. As a liberal, I'll get behind your plan. Prayers go out to your friend and our hero John McCain.
The states are NOT capable of tailoring healthcare to meet the needs of their citizens. Of course NY and MA would offer quality healthcare,
but look what happened in FL with their pre-ACA state plan?  Rubio's "Florida Health Choices" is a JOKE, as well.  SC would have similar
results.  Work with Democrats to improve the ACA and we need Medicaid expansion in this state.  No more sabotage!
& what r u going to do @LindseyGrahamSC? Am I going to get >1 insurance carrier in SC? Am I going to be able to spend <$15k/yr for coverage?
We watched as u all sat there while 45 made ridiculous statements to heller. He can't fire any of u, but we the people can. Vote well!!
What did the orange buffoon have to say about his Russian connections.  I'll bet it even did not come up!
What a bunch of cowards!  Can't believe you're bowing down to Trump!
Sometimes you disappoint me so much. Just when I think you and McCain have a set..... they deflate.
Just fix the ACA already and stop this nonsense
Stop. Deal with russia first. 25th trump and give us our country back
How can u say such a thing Your new HC plan will kill millions 45/cab is going to destroy our country & u r letting them Stand up for 
Great first step in all that bipartisan talk you've been throwing around!
And I thought you had the brains in the senate  Wake up Trump is ruining this country.  It's not party it's about country #FakePresident
Hey Lindsey, extremely disappointed with REPS in DC. Spineless. We The People lose again. PITIFUL
Leaving 30 million without health care
Do not REPEAL and REPLACE - millions should not be in fear of losing health care.  JF, Pawleys Island, SC
Really? All that he did was change his mind, again. What happens when he changes his mind yet again? He's mind fing you guys. Stop him.
And why exclude Democrats? You're better than that @LindseyGrahamSC! Healthcare for all, not tax cuts for @realDonaldTrump  and the 1%
32 million Americans would lose insurance with repeal. Some of them will get cancer or other critical diseases. Keep them in your thoughts.
Good to learn that Republicans can generate positive support and move forward to instill confidence with constituents making things better

Why not treat the illness instead of the symptoms? Cost of care is artificially inflated for profit. Use your brain, man.
So far, so unbelievable.

The Russian bought President hasn't a clue - and perhaps we have given you too  much credit also.
But what about the whole "capitulating to Russia" thing? Troubling?
No, you don't. You have nothing. You're running scared from the big, bad Donald.
Stop talking crazy. Fix the ACA or go single payer. Anything else is madness.
Loose the tax breaks for trump and his cronies.
Or you can decide to do the right thing and make sure there is universal Heath care.  What a concept!
Cmon Lindsey you know it's wrong step ip
You're such a phony
no one wants your replacement, that's why you only got 600 likes and not 40,000
Don't do it......
Guess what, instead of a decade old promise , the PEOPLE want you to work with Dems and mend it. we're sick of hearing what YOU & trump WANT
Kiss up. Make Americans Suffer Trumpcare.
all it was...was a photo-op which you both are so fond of. you are not a senator 4 the people of sc but only for trump. my next vote is no
Repeal should be only conservative solution
And your ship is sailing right outta Charleston on the way to the Jonestown Kool Aid factory.  count your fingers toes, cajones.  Lost one?
just wonderful...still not working together. a divided country is a not path forward. why cant you all work together?
Getting it repealed?  That's your job.
I think it's just lovely to see you reaching across the aisle and working on a bipartisan solution to healthcare...wait, what?
LEAD, FOLLOW OR GET OUT OF THE WAY SENATOR!
U need 2 b focused on IMPEACHING this treasonous President & his Russian agent friends. I am only one of millions of Americans who  fed up.
Ya right @LindseyGrahamSC . Seeing is believing. @realDonaldTrump #NoMoreBS
I also don't trust you
Lindsey Graham cracker I don't like you
Just make sure the plan you come up with is good for you and your senate colleagues.  It's only fair
Did you ask POTUS why he is gutting state department, and handing USA to Russia?#Resistance
I'm sure you're all on rinograham.
Funny how you had 2 Obama terms to figure out dream plan. I guess that pesky insurance lobby really is a hindrance, no? #ACA #Republifools
Hows that working out? 
Really?!
did pricing come up? one overnight with tests in hospital cost us $20 grand. Thats a car. Is that realistic?burden to ins and indivs.
A bunch of guttless wonders..didn't like ACA because of Obama. Built off a GOP plan...Bunch of hypocritesOnly interested in politics not HCI
And to 36mio Americans, vets and SC'ians.... too bad? WTH
Good luck with that he will change his mind 20 times.  I hope you continue to embarrass yourself
Get a spine Senator Graham
7 years to get it right, time to pull the trigger DJT45 has the pen ready. How about 1 last change. Congress on the same plan!!
Still with his crap?   @POTUS isn't tired of all this #winning yet?
You're lack of support for the president hopefully will cost you next election cycle.
It was great for @DeanHeller @SenDeanHeller who the prez threatened and disgraced NV who have Medicaid
Please work to a bipartisan agreement
When are you going to stop praising this traitor?
You know he's in bed with Putin trying to dismantle our democracy? What r u so afraid of?
Come on. " I want a bill people like". Remember that.
Call out to Gov Kasich & other governors who care about their constituents' well being.  If not, you are not half the man I thought you were
Sir, none of you can begin to understand healthcare - you don't have to deal with it.
Did you ask him about disarming Assad opponents? I mean, you question it, he was right there, did you ask or just kiss butt?
Russia Russia Russia
What part of the public not being with you on this don't you understand?
Spineless
The real test is did you give @POTUS your new phone  number.  ;-)
Be good day when you get your jewels out of either kochs or trump's pocket and remember you work for American people. Not just wealthy ones
Lunch with #LAVEROV'SDOG
We should replace you and the whole administration.
