Oh gosh, he finally said something good about President Trump.  /faints
@CarrieKHutchens @foxandfriends @LindseyGrahamSC Deport him . He does not like our president.
Where are you going to deport him, too?  *LOL*
The same place as John McCain .maybe Ukraine?

dont need more military. the money could be found  making cuts at the top of the ladder. more for soldiers!
yes also bad news for civilians there
so stupid they killings inocente people America is embarrassing
Yay war crimes and civilian casualties! More please!
#HMM...kind words of support  for Pres.? Depends on what ntwk. he's  on ! # HE'S SO FICKLE.or , JUST A DEM !
when is he going to unveil his secret plan to beat ISIS?
@POTUS Need to fix Obamacare. GOP needs to work with Dems and get this done. GOP does not believe in compromise.
What bullshit, we are killing innocent civilians, how much money do you get from defense contractors?
finally, a leader that allows the experts he hired to do the job they are being paid to do.
Lindsey does Not speak for the majority of the republicans. He's a liberal in most eyes
same slimey #RINO impugning House. Graham has no place taking anywhere. Dump him.
I've told you about going on @foxnews. They work for Russia, and now you do too! Wake up!  #propaganda
@jovanclordim @LindseyGrahamSC SC vote Graham out asap.
would love to! No one has the balls to run against him!
I'll be glad to..anybody!! B
Hell ya, let them do there thing!
*their ..why are trumpsters so horrifically bad at using the English language
Get a life man !  Smile, relax, take it easy! 
@sunnybhappy63 @LindseyGrahamSC  hope so because the hindering of the military by politicians has  and will get troops killed
, For a Change,I Like Graham's Comments!
With disregard to civilian human life ? He did say carpet bomb the shit out of them.
You finally said something that makes sense.
I swear Graham is converting to Dem. Stop complaining and help the party and POTUS.
and apparently for civilians
President Trump lets the generals indiscriminately bomb civilians with no regard for casualties. FTFY
In 1974 the GOP lost 49 House and 8 Senate seat

They were branded as defended a corrupt criminal Presidency
Yes!
so now someone doing their job is news or no news? Is this payment plan to keep phone number private?
Yemen, Mosul. Lack of intelligence, poor planning and reckless force costs lives.  #butBenghazinvestigations
Relaxing rules in war to justify your ends is bad policy. As is lying to People of US.
Thank you Mr. Graham for supporting our @POTUS
Let the countdown to an ISIS-less world begin!
Oh please. Did you not see Trump driving that truck? A Dukakis/tank moment coming soon to a Big Orange nearu
Bad news for 200 or more dead civilians that we don't seem to give a damn about. Trump = war criminal now
back to #russiagate
I can't believe ur not condemning civilian casualties. "Let the generals be generals"?? Let civilians live.
I thought i might Graham. Changing my mind. The Commander in Chief is ultimately responsible!
Obama needs to apologize to what he did to our military and our generals. B O cause of many citizens death.
can't stand Lindsey Graham wish he would disappear from the face of earth
Odd change of heart by Graham??? Why??? When he does this he is normally up to no good!
HOORAY..YOU FINALLY SEE WHAT A GREAT PRESIDENT WE HAVE
ask general Flynn
rising civilian casualties, which turns the people against us, is not a good thing. We need them behind us.
totally agree. Finally something. Positive about Pres. Trump from you.
Still saying ISIL v. ISIS however.
get rid of Graham!  His role is this clown show is a disgrace!
not so good for the dead civilians
@everlast_223 @LindseyGrahamSC the same people that was with Obama and back in Obama in the other presidents behind him
need to be put out to pasture and allows to come in and feast of money with wisdom
@everlast_223 @LindseyGrahamSC the problem of government that really the problem God says if she had the people in there from
finally Lindsey Graham says something good about Trump.
Amen
why do yall keep interviewing Democrat Lindsey Graham? He needs to go & take McCain with him #draintheswamp
We will take them, even though they both talk and don't act. We will take Collins, too.
lindsey...
Bad news for any civilian who gets in the way.  War mongering has its consequences.
he's a leader unlike Obama!
Hey Lindsey, are you still drunk on the job? It's time you & McCain move to the other side of the isle.
WOW! Graham is finally saying something positive & true about Trump! Trump is a great leader & MAGA!
Me thinks he's feeling the pressure. Sending out a lot more comms to constituents. Better clean up RINO act!
.@foxandfriends @LindseyGrahamSC Why? @realdonaldtrump told us he knew MORE than the Generals, and he'd defeat ISIS in 30 days.
Great so whats the plan? Because I feel like going in without clear victory conditions & exit/handover strategies has been done before #Iraq
to smithereens along with his home and his life?Yes generals are doing a fab job,never mind the innocent.
With respect,Sen. Graham, thats the only way he can say "they did it" & "they" lost American military lives.
Has @LindseyGrahamSC broken from @SenJohnMcCain ? Why is so pro-Trump all the sudden???
@DTrumplican @LindseyGrahamSC We are glad your friend and ally John McCain isn't leading our troops.
very bad news for dead civilians
Devastating for innocent civilians, wonder how Trump would feel seeing his children/grandchildren blown....
blown? Wtf is wrong with you, weirdo!!!
just like Trump let others do healthcare for him, let others do the travel ban, not a leader
Observed
I for 1 was glad that actions that took lives weighed heavy on Obama.Unlike the buck stops over there trump
Seriously Senator?? @lindseygrahamsc trump and these generals are killing hundreds of civilians. Bad news for them too...
but you don't care abt those innocent lives lost, do you? Muslim lives mean nothing to you. #WeAreTerrorists
Trump doesn't want the blame for 23 civilians in Yemen and hundreds in Mosul...these will be used to recruit
Is this why 1000 innocent civilians in Iraq and Syria are dead since this admin took over?  Generals?
Trump said VERY CLEARLY that he wants to kill the families of terrorists. Now war criminal.
We will see..............
not to mention 1ks of civilians who will be obliterated by random bombing by us airforce.
with all due respect this swamp lieutenant is nothing but hot air
Bad news for innocent civilians too. Ya, I'm real proud.
Killing civilians is what Republicans do best.  They call that victory.
I think that Graham should let Trump be the President and he should follow his lead.
Yes...200 civilians dead...great job fighting ISIS.
Graham complimenting Trump, will wonders never cease.
first time he has ever said anything positive about the donald
Deliver, @LindseyGrahamSC.
We aren't paying you to talk about the last administration.
@foxandfriends
why does Americans get the feeling that we can not trust this man
.@foxandfriends  pondering thought @kylekerwin is just me or does @LindseyGrahamSC look like an older version of @fnbnwa 's #ChrisJones ? 
Awesomeness decision Potus! Generals know what they are doing and fully well trained and more than capable
You'll talk out of the other side of your mouth on msnbc. Do something about out of control Judges.
Finally some common sense being used and not micromanaging like Obama
now if some of our GOP wud act like GOP vs Dems we might actually accomplish something amazing.
Lindsay is a closet Democrat.
Fox & Friends, Twitter is limiting the likes n retweets from your posts!!
Thank you Senator for supporting our @POTUS
ISIS follows no rules, Generals need same leeway. IF DONE, isis would OFF'T themselves. GO_TRUMP-PENCE_16:20
because he's to dumb to do it himself
Hooray!  This President knows how to use people who know what to do.  How exciting is this!
If chairman of intel committee can’t brief the President, we’re in a strange place. #First100
F- him, this bastard will probably try to take credit for it next!
right, must be bc he knows so much more than them?
God bless you and President of the united states of America. OUR MILITARY
You live in Kelly-Ann Conway's alternative universe.
@owenwardsr @LindseyGrahamSC Let Generals control combat not like Obamas left wing lawyers in the White House.
ISIS refers to their enemy now as The United States of MadDog.
I am so fed up with the left!  I have been cut off 3 times on twitter bc I am very vocal against Dems/left!
Twitter has cut me off 3 times!  And I do not nasty profanity like liberals do!
fake Lindsey!!
Killing 112 civilians in an air strike in Mosul increases ISIS recruitment. How is that bad news for them?
your tone was much much different when u were interviewed by fake news NBC, u and McCain need to GO! #Liars
Obama sold out soon it will be Obama gate
watch it! He is turning his coat again. I do not trust him. He is a Judas.
#VoteLindseyGrahamOut
Let Sen Graham be EX Sen Graham. He's a RINO
I am glad Lindsey has quitted knitting and regained his sobriety and wisdom!
don't not trust him. His polls are bad. He is lying.
It is better for him to go back to knitting again with his sister McCain!
not such good news for the 200+ civilians killed in Mosul
d surprise Graham can find it in his hart to complement the president
It is great news..Our military no longer has to fight with its hands tied behind its backs ..
Oh my gosh Graham, are you giving Trump a compliment? You know he is working hard to be a great president!
So happy to hear this. Go get them & get this job DONE for the safety of America soils. Thank you troops!
but but but doesn't he know more than all the generals   fox fair and balanced 
On @foxandfriends, @LindseyGrahamSC says nice stuff about @realDonaldTrump. On @TODAYshow he bashes him. No loyalty.
Yipee we killed 200 innocent people.Generals dancing in the street.
THANK GOODNESS,  God intervened and Trump is in office. Rebuild the Military Barack Decimated.
put down the crack pipe
It's no longer ISIL. It's ISIS. You would think a powerful senator would have gotten the memo.
Trump is already distancing himself from any military failure while taking all the credit.
Trumps General is about the only good decision he's made.
lol I hear Sarah Palin  "He's a Maverick!"
@ManMountain78 @LindseyGrahamSC has to distance himself from senile vindictive McCain too late
Laura said he went on another network badmouthing again this morning he plays both sides
trashes trump on one station, praises him on fox. Typical politician
CIVILIANS, too.  MORE DANGER.  

THOSE KIDS GROW IP REMEMBERING THE US KILLED THEIR FRIENDS & FAMILY
generals are taking decisions that are killing civilians. your program is disgusting.


Haha!

The transformation to a Democrat woman is almost complete.
is @oreillyfactor getting paid OT to come in so early and be do stupid?

And we can use good news there! #MoveForward in the fight to the finish this time.
- WHAT! RINO Graham actually said something positive about Trump? World may end tomorrow. Help POTUS Graham.
Do I think he should RETIRE? YES as for all Congressman over 20 yrs service.
: YAAAAAAY for President Trump and the Generals and Admirals. ABOUT DAMN TIME.
SO HAPPY MR. Graham is with OUR PRESIDENT .
Graham is a whiny crybaby snowflake
