Suggestions without action are like a car without an engine. Who is doing anything to help? I hear a lot of talk. No action except protests!
How about an investigation into ANTIFA & BLM groups? They have destroyed personal property & contributed to PD deaths.
Must be sick of vacation. Got to get on tv to work on re-election. Of course could care less about the american people
Lindsey Graham
.Irresponsabili
Because you're a big government RINO? Hey @realDonaldTrump do you have his new num.?
BLM and Antifa? Not one denouncement of antifa who started the violence. Can you say paramilitary group?
And Senator, we would like you to start a campaign to rid our WH of this administration. Don't hide behind formality
Who, that idiot Tom Bossert? Our leaders need to stand up to Trump or resign.
Need to look at your buddies BLM and Antifa.. they're unamerican and love your president thwarting ways!
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC for speaking out against #hategroups and #racism. #standwithCharlottesville
Yah. Way down on the priority list after BLM, stupid @LindseyGrahamSC
And what of the Soros backed thugs and radical leftists???
Why now? Why this time in history? Why did the nation's leaders wait so long and who is really doing anything now except President Trump?
They were. Trump shut that down, though. I wonder why...
Add the democrats ANTIFA terrorist group to be looked at also
I'd rather they look at Soros, ANTFA, and a couple of other left wing backed groups
most of @LindseyGrahamSC are weak in comparison to Trump's revised statements I think Graham should be tougher on hate #Charlottesville
How about looking into the leftist groups while you are at it.  You are completely out of reality and get behind your president.
They are all owned by the liberals who foster these violent protests! If you would look you would see that they are all owned by the dems!
They are down right terrorists. Following their leader...Trump. He's not a true American president. Impeach him. Please
Are you just spewing useless words again or are you going to grow a spine&take some real action against these terrorists? #impotent #useless
God I'll be glad when your gone.
How about the violent groups stopping free speech pn college campuses,  there is no place or excuse for violence at any events.
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC why don't you have them look into Antifa & BLM TOO or do you answer to SOROS too  @LindseyGrahamSC
All the groups. Who they really are.
Are you for calling for @realDonaldTrump to get rid of Sessions, Bannon, Miller, & Gorka.  If not, then you're full of crap.
God you people really hate black people don't you every one of you screaming BLM it shows your racism you can't hide it on the right!!!!
Follow the money !
Yeah where was he when   Napolitano released her report?
August 2009 was it?
So if the "Resist" movement is financing these groups,prosecute Clinton's and Geo Soros.
Black lives matter too!  I would hope
I'm encouraged by Sen Graham 90% of the time. That's about as good as it gets with anyone. Amer has a friend in Graham. TY Senator
With a friend like Graham, you've got a fair weather friend, next to useless.
WH loaded w Neonazis,white supremacists in Gorka,Bannon,Miller.Need to be removed.So,it no surprise Trump won't denounce them.#CensureTrump
Then once they "look at them"..then what??? Look and forget????
I Urge Graham to ‘Dissuade’ Soros and Merkel of the Notion ‘That He Is Their Friend’
Just include the organized antifa as well. Let's get some balance here. They are just as bad!
Agreed as long as domestic terrorist groups on BOTH sides R investigated equally! Color REALLY means nothing, racist is racist.#TrueEquality
And this is how you will cause a civil war. How are you NOT wanting to investigate ANTIFA or BLM who are violent Left but White Supremacist
if there going to look, look at all the groups,  dont be a one sided racist,  all r guilty not one side
And Leftist radicals like Antifa also.
ALL hate groups. Antifa and BLM included.
What about Antifa?  Where was your condemnation of the violence after the inauguration and Berkeley?  You're part of the problem!
You know YOU could look into the background of Sebastian Gorka. You have that power as a US Senator. It's technically why you get paid.
These and others are what's going to destroy America from within and you people better wake up soon.
Who initiated the confrontation with that groups when they did arrive?
This is seriously a question only. Was there any violent or destructive acts by the supremacists before opposition showed up?
Which ones @LindseyGrahamSC ?
Then you have to do the same for Antifa and BLM.
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC lok at black lives matter group as well, they are always in the middle of all protests an violence!
Sebastian Gorka's not going to like that
After they do the same to the Black Panthers, Black Lives Matter, MS-13, the Proud to Be Illegals, and UCB AntiFacist FASCISTS 
Why isn't homeland also looking into Antifa and BLM?
Nothing there to see except protesters not hate groups
http://splinternews.com/her-name-is-heather-heyer-and-she-died-protesting-bigo-1797795164/amp …
Please push for this. Thank you
Protesters shouldn't be allowed to carry anything, no signs, nothing!  Walk, use voice, but nothing less.
How about Charlottesville police take care of business,they disrupt, hurt people arrest, jail! Trump can't handle everything!
Mr. Graham is there a reason you have not made the same request on violence by extreme muslim groups or BLM groups or other leftist groups??
No you don't because you are a hypocrite and is the reason why you have lost all credibility as a Republican senator...
While you are at it Lindsey have them check Soros connection to the opposition in the fighting-rioting going on yesterday,takes two 2 Tango.
Be an equal opportunity Senator and ask DHS to look into AntiFa also, their funding source & leaders.
Bannon, Gorka, & Miller constitute the charter branch in the WH, influencing your ignorant POTUS.
...repugnant nazi knucklehead hate groups. Prosecute & imprison both. Send a message- extremism is not ok. Have 'em share prison cells!
How about getting AG Sessions some oxygen to wake him up & start poundjng these communist inciting rioters into prison along their equally..
Include all groups at the rally--that includes BLM and the Antifa! It's time to end all extremism.
Will you also recommend that they look at BLM and antifa?
Maybe you need to reassure your base constituents
How about ANTIFA???
They already do Lindsey&you already know that. As such,your words are self-serving.
But not any of the black groups and antifa?   That makes you a bigot
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC This is the GOP folks.  Supremacists chanting, "Hail Trump".
START WITH BLM!!! You know the ones that burned Baltimore.
Believe me they already know.
Whats the point? Kelly Anne or the RNC should already have those figures.
Hmm... Well knock me over with a feather. 
Look at Antifa too!
Didn't trump admin say they weren't going to investigate these crimes early on
Less government is what is needed
Yes.  And also have them look at the size and monetary support of the violent antifa groups.
Where is your outrage and cry for justice with antifa and BLM?  You hypocrite.
they just got defunded in that respect.
Whst about the scope of black groups?
Make it happen. There are many excellent documentaries out there. Educate yourself
Are they also going to look at BLM, who advocate the killing of police officers?
Would you like HS to look at BLM. Soros. Move http://on.org . Cllinton. Just hush Linnie. Push that dem agenda. Your last term.
The FBI has files on all these assholes.
Are you gonna investigate the hate group "Black Lives Matter "? Or do you make excuses for them because they are black? Wrong is Wrong !
Then look at all the gangs in the US and erratic them, 1 chance to denounce, or go to prison
All groups, BLM, ANTIFA, and white hatred. I did not hear Obama go after BLM during the riots in Baltimore and Ferguson.
They can't bc the way they need to track them is illegal, which is why tighter measures are needed on leased servers, Google & trafficking.
thank you.
Charlottesville rioting was caused by the state government appeasing black activist by removing historic southern civil war history!
you going to investigate the Black Lives Matter groups and the islamic groups and the hispanic groups. How about the media ? blame everyone.
Absolutely. They should start at the top. I believe he's in NJ today.
.so every one in US except u knows size & scope but u? Laughable @realDonaldTrump @chucktodd get on board southerners
How many Dems & ppl in MSM have called out #BLM &Antifa as terrorists after declaring war on cops, riots, tons of assaults, property damage?
Gee, would you?? You'd like that NOW?? Clutch your pearls. We will vote you out! Just watch us!
Not just 1 group, all of them especially Antifa (george sorros funded, just like u Lindsey Graham) hired especially 4 violence. Prayers4U.S.
You continue to remain silent on the terrorist group #antifa and the racist group #BLM - your master controls you well.
Does that include looking at BLM and antics as a terrorist organizations paid by Soros how about a special prosecutor to look into that
Years ago Pres Obama and Janet Napolitano said home grown terrorism would be our biggest domestic threat. GOP ignored it. NRA exploited it.
why? to increase their membership? You can’t hide from what you really are.
including Antifa & the Jihadi groups set up & training in US.
Twitter has a leftist agenda, and will suspend your account if they don't agree with what you post.
What has happened is awful, but why is it ok for black lives matter and wanting police dead ok!
Homeland Security has enough to do !
Then we need to look at every race based group.
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC can we start with the Black Panthers and BLM???
How about BLM hopefully they're included
How dare they advocate for inclusion!
Meanwhile #ANTIFA and #BLM continue to get away with beating up Trump supporters and burning down cities.
While they are looking, look at the black panthers, BLM, NAACP, and all the organizations with racial agendas not just pro white.
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC me too!!!
And the antifa. They have done more damage in the past year. It's easy to call out the bigots (by nature their evil) but they had permit.
I'd like for them to also look into BLM terrorist group. No place for that kind of hate in America
White hate do not like it when black people protest not much changed
Homeland Security should look at blm as well..
Oh look another non committal answer...
Since democrats lost civil war, Should democrats apologize for slavery, segregation, and KKK? & Pay to remove their monuments of hate.
I'm sure @LindseyGrahamSC is referring to BOTH groups. As reported, was peaceful until antifa showed up AND THE MEDIA hyped the story....sad

has lots of governing ideas. He should oppose unanimous consent 40-day Recess votes, so Senate can consider!
Look into Soros!
White Supremacists. Call it by their name. Stop trying to normalize it by calling 'patriotism/nationalism'.
Why is foxnews bringing this Dumbo liberals to opine on something they are always bias. 
Did Obama  condemned BLM groups? I don't  remember
He did:
Unlike Trump, that has literally been thanked by Duke from KKK yesterday.
This isn't about Trump it's about a bunch of thugs that went there purposely to fight white supremacy violently
Not a left or right issue
You are actually blaming this on the counter-protesters?
Sure, they tried to ram a moving car,
They? One stupid Punk did it. Everybody have the right to March. This BS double standard should stop.
The KKK published that Trump silence about white supremacists  is a sign he approves of them...
Good idea!  And I'd like EVERYONE to watch this 'Star Trek' episode in regards to race relations...
I agree also BLM
Mr Graham my bet is the spent far more time looking there than they did looking at radicalized Muslims...
I would like ALL groups looked at, both sides. Don't invite them to the WH like Obama did.
#Antifa Is A Terrorist Org.
nazis/fascists believe in superiority of white ppl & killed millions
antifa-anti fascism, is a group that opposes nazis

see the difference?
