Hes overhauling Obama policies on everything He wants to erase that administration from history Why? Can't measure up? Or because hes black?
Both. trump wont even be able to measure up to Nixon by the time this is over.
Perhaps not, but if it goes as it should, they will be forever linked in disgrace.
Nope- because BO was a socialist!!
Your point?
Disappointed and disgusted by you and this administration.
Why?  Because Obama created them?  Seems the only reason you guys do anything. Not for the people but to change Obama policy.
Yea, the more enemies the better. You are DT Lindsey.
Any thing to get even with the black man right.I sure in a few month we will hear about Trump hotels in Cuba the real end game
Trump already tried and failed. That's why he's doing this - to punish Cuba for his business problem.
Putin wants a base in Cuba too
Thank you for backing Mr Trump. Senator/ I know he has his faults but he is our duly elected POTUS. Support him agst these attacks
Especially since you know that the original collusion charged were MADE up by the Dems the day after election & u GOPers fell for it.
If you Republicans cared for Cuban Human Rights, sanction Saudi Arabia, Phillipines & others. Oh, you can't, they have oil & $. Hypocrites!
They have Trumputin properties & business interests.
Senator, how do you feel about the verdict in the Philando Castile case?
Why?
I'm not sure what happened to to you. I honestly use to have high hopes for you. Who got to you? Did trump buy you the latest iPhone?
I think it is a ridiculous mistake.  Cuba is no threat to us anymore.  Opening the country to the US is fastest route to moderating regime.
Cubic should indeed be at the top of the list.  @LindseyGrahamSC = @realDonaldTrump no credibility.
BOO
How much $ did it take to buy you, Lindsey? @SpeakerRyan got $20 million from Adelsons to support Trump.  What about you?
How about his policies with Russia?
You and @realDonaldTrump aren't the least bit worried about human rights.
Bull shit!
Obama socialized & took in a ballgame w/the Cuban dictator & oppressor. Ignored the people.

Trump scorns the dictator, meets w/the victims.
I'd sure vote for you opponent!
Why? Seriously. I'm actually curious. Why? What's the end game on the embargo?

Losers
This is ridiculous and is a solution in search of a non existent problem. How has  America been harmed?
Yea, @realDonaldTrump keeps working for us! When r rest of Republicans gonna work for us? Fight 4 your Prez!
You wouldn't be happy about it when Russia puts a army base there
We are pleased with everything he is doing. First President to honor his word to the People.
We the American people want to know what the secret health care bill is??? 13 white GOP senators  writing health care for Americans???
You're very pleased that Trump is a bigot wrecking ball,who was elected to eradicate and totally destroy any and all things President Obama.
Hopefully Trump is doing something...He's a hot mess and has done nothing for middle class Americans.
Why?? We are buddies with si many other totalitarian governments. Cuba sure is no worse
Don't forget the amazing human rights performed by the Premiers Boss, Dictator Putin!
Why?
Why? What is good about it? We've got normalized relations with Vietnam, and over 30k Americans died there. Our Cuba policy is silly.
Senselessly regressive.  On the wrong side of history.
Reviewing Cuba fine, but we lose jobs, on this deal, tourism is nearly closed. Why punish Cuba when we give Saudis, etc deals? Hum Rts?
Disagree It's #Bannon not POTUS. POTUS for economic growth. He's surrounded by #wormtongues pushing him further to altright thinking #sad
If Cuba had oil, would we still want sanctions?
Sen Graham-This IL Dem respects you tremendously. Please support opening a bipartisan healthcare overhaul. All America looks to sane GOPs.
You're irrelevant.
Why don't guys get your job done ,he is doing a lot an you guys nothing
Then you Stab him in the back
Nobody cares what you think Lindsey. You are fading fast. Go talk to Newt.
this is a ridiculous cheerleading, grow up and do ur job and vote against Trumpcare & his budget.
overhauling Cuba policy not what u should be praising now, do ur job and do what is right for all people!
Yeah, because isolationism was working so well...
Your knees must hurt from spending all your time kissing trump's depend covered rear.
Ridiculous. Only avenues he leaves in place for Americans  go through the Cuban state. Independent travelers spend $$ w/ regular people.
What a moronic thing to do.
Some ppl are born to create &some to destroy. Trump, is racist, full of hatred for PBO. Destroying everything good PBO did. Sad you approve
China & India will fill the vacuum then
Going backwards seems to be the Republican SOP.  The embargo didn't work.  Get over it.
I am not..
Terrible
Hold your nose and vote Republican, eh? Guess you meant it when you said it last Summer.
I am not.  2018. 2018. 2018. 2018. 2018. 2018. 2018. 2018. 2018. 2018. 2018. 2018. 2018. 2018. 2018. 2018. 2018. 2018. 2018. 2018.
Why?  Now Russia will have great opportunities there.  There was a chance for Cuba to keep moving towards a Democracy.  Cubans are
experiencing some prosperity, meeting Americans who share with them what it is like to live in freedom.  Now, Russia can get back to work!
Get off his nuts LG
What.. he's building a new casino
So you would be pleased if he overhauls policy against Saudi Arabia
Cause they worked so well the 50 years before Obama changed them?  What is wrong w u all stuck in the 50's
you mean back to the ones that didn't work for 40 years. Shall we also go back to the Iron Lung?
My God, why? Because you have to do the opposite of what the previous admin did? You guys are SO irresponsible.
"Sad!" Because the Univ. of SC just sent a group of students there who came back enlightened, informed and educated. Now, we all lose.
please explain to me why you want to do this @LindseyGrahamSC Is this a kiss up to Trump or a kiss off to your seat?

Are u pleased he is completely undermining the rule of law?
Why?  We destroyed the "Iron Curtain" by getting the benefits of our society to the people.  Same will hold true for Cuba.
I am not.  The isolationist policy has not worked for 50 years.  He's doing it to spite Obama, not to improve our country.
You are a wimp!!! History will not be kind!!!
Let's be clear: He's doing it to benefit his own business interests and pretend that he's actually doing something for the country. #Resist
Why? Ass kisser!!
Terrible decision.  And bad for business.
You'd be pleased if he let Russian Tanks flatten gay pride parades. Thanks for showing your true colors #convertedtoliberal #switchedsides
stupid statement and you are playing games with a child. sorry you dont have my vote. tired of the Obama excuses...unity i dont think do
It's a terrible decision. When is the GOP going to join the rest of the world and realize that connections drive peace, not isolation?
How bout get him to change the white collar law that happened back in December that has affected a lot and still is, including me in SC.
Yeah let's just go back to 1950's policies. Those haven't worked. Obama saw it was time to go a new way and he was right.
Aren't you happy he's still tweeting about his criminal investigation?
OMG I CANT HANDLE YOU.
Just because it has Obama's name on it!  Pitiful
Because 50 years of a failed policy wasn't enough 
Why? Why aren't we consistent about who we like? The Saudis get the 1st presidential visit. They still behead & maim ppl. What about Qatar?
This administration is leaving the door open for other nations to welcome Cuba as an ally. Big mistake.
Why?
Retreating from engagement with Cuba helps no one. Opening embassies, sharing culture, allowing travel breaks down walls.
We're not supposed to share culture that's appropriation. We're supposed to segregate and forget that America used to be a melting pot.
*reads tweet while eating ropa vieja*

I have no idea what your point is. We are a more diverse nation today and better for it.
I'm pretty sure he's "over hauling " every policy Obama had in place.  SAD!
Is it hard to see the things considering your nose is up his fat butt!
Counting the days Lindsay. Never have been so eager to vote in my whole 54 years on this planet.
I am very pleased to see that POTUS is being investigated for possible collusion, obstruction of justice & corrupt business dealings
You realize everyone under the age of 50 thinks Cuban sanctions are silly and pointless, right? It's just a poor, harmless island.
Why? Human rights? Sure glad the Saudis have no human rights issues!
Oh puhleeze.
Why?
"What would a dick do".
2/2 in poverty and without healthcare, right? Fiscal conservatism is fine, but not when you sacrifice your own people.
That's great and all, but would you please focus on not gutting healthcare for the poor and sick? You know the majority of your state (1/2)
Why?
This just shows how much you are in Putin's pocket. You have no integrity whatsoever. Consider this your last term as Senator.
Don't worry they will do something to upset you I bet your the first one to vote for impeachment
I'd be very pleased if he wasn't a treasonous crook. #TrumpCrimeFamily #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia
No military $ to the Cuban Dictator & more $ to the Cuban people.  Great
Donald Trump and the GOP.  Again, taking America back to the seventies.  Y'all must be very proud.
Serious question: WHY?
Of course you would because Anything Obama freaks you Repugs out.
What specifically are you proud of?
Ur both tools! Stop the xenophobia!
What about Saudi Arabia, sir. And Russia?  Come on now.
Yet we do business with Communist China? 
How can you support his actions towards Cuba while still supporting his rhetoric regarding Saudi Arabia and Philippines? Stand for something
As long as he is getting your party's "mean" agenda we can give him a pass
Why?
You've got to be kidding, right?  To what end exactly.
Why, @LindseyGrahamSC, why? What possible good reason does he have for this? I'm disappointed in you.
History will say Obama was 1 of greatest Presidents. Trump as the worst! Next Democratic President & Congress will reinstate Obama legacy. 
Surely putin is pleased with both of you. Keep playing w/ Trump & he'll burn you too...again
Think it's great Russia to move into Cuba! Nikita Khrushchev Wins From The Grave!
Senator Graham why is not the special prosecutor recusing himself he was Comeys his best friend and he turned out to be a Leeker
Its time to move on from the cold war viewing of Cuba
Peas in a pod, is all you are. DJT is less refined in his contradictions. Keep talking while we get to know you better
One would almost think everything @POTUS does is to spite Obama, instead of bettering Americans' lives and our world standing.
Until he gets the hotel/golf deal he wants. Then it will be back to open season
USA & World know Republicans hate Obama. Your racism is obvious. You have 1 Goal - undo anything Obama did. In 2018 & 2020 we vote you out!
So you're cool with him praising Saudi Arabia and The Philippines yet restricting travel to Cuba? Cmon! Stop being his lackey and stand up!
Ramses II said "Strike the name of Moses..."  Trump says, "Strike all legislation from our 1st black President Obama!"
I quit caring about what pleases you a long time ago. Disappointment ... Huge!
Why?
#makehisamericawhiteagain

Russia considers opening a military base in Cuba, Nicaragua | Miami Herald https://www.google.com/amp/amp.miamiherald.com/news/nation-world/world/article107473897.html …
ONLY UNTIL HE GETS HIS FOOT IN TO BUILD A TRUMP HOTEL OR WALL LMAO
We can correct legislation on Cuba because Obama did it but you can't get Trump and Russia correct...you sell out ..you should lose ur seat.
Great day when even more people hate! Keep on hating! I will never vote republican again!
Truman & Eisenhower were better than you, Marco & Ted, or we'd still be fighting Japan & Germany. Trump is only dealing for Cuba hotels & $.
Sorry Senator an embargo did nothing for over 50 years.  Why oh why can we only be friends with the Middle East and not our neighbors?
What about Saudi Arabia's record on human rights.... oh wait, they pay in cash. Sad double standard
Why????
Empty and meaningless comment.  

Please provide your reasons and the underlying evidence to support it.
You really need a different person to tweet for you, Senator.
I'm not. I think you're completely wrong about this quite frankly.
Driving Cuba into the sphere of Chinese and Russian influence.  Good job.
Why can we go to north korea, russia, and saudi Arabian.. but not Cuba? #hypocrites
He talks about Cuba hosting missiles but, No mention they would be Russian missiles
Why?
1/So,Senator, exactly how is Cuba different from other repressive regimes with whom we have close economic ties (Saudi, Turkey, China, etc.)
2/...If we demand perfection & are unwilling to consider direction of progress, our circle of influence will be assumed by others.
Oh, but he won't say a word about Russia. WTF are you all playing at? I feel as if I'm watching a b movie with a poorly planned ending.
My recommendation - focus on existential threats.  Lordy there are plenty of them.This is not one. Your Cold War 60's mentality is tired.
& are you pleased with his non stop tweeting of Russia investigation, witch hunt, fake news & fake approval ratings? PLEASE STOP
That's what's it's all about for you old man. Well it's gonna bite you in the butt shortly! @washingtonpost @AriMelber  @JoyAnnReid @maddow
I say anyone in Cuba who is not in the elitist governing class, would welcome an American invasion and takeover.
WHY?
You republicans are deliberately trying to destroy America.
Oh I get it. Destroy every good thing Obama did cuz that's showing true leadership. 2/2
Americans and Cubans want relations to improve. Isolationism is dangerous. What are you so afraid of? 1/2
Graham:  "May I shine your shoes, Mr. President?"
Senator,  Who are you?
Why?
why you people are totally ridiculous.  It will hurt tourism.
Are you reading the replies to your tweet? The American people are NOT happy.
Why?
So knowing what is going on 90 miles off our shores is a bad thing? Just can't stand Obama name on progress? What happened to you?
Yeah, let's destroy everything good ever done! It's opposite world!
I am disappointed for you Lindsay. It was time to put that chapter behind us. No reason to still  close them out if we are open to China etc
Again on the Trump Punch? Did Obama give out your private phone number? Oh that's right it was @realDonaldTrump
Rusdia has the contract to build a railroad there  we are misding out again!!
Lindsey even if Americans Travel is stopped curtailing our rights while some jerk in the WH does a Sword Dance.
How about more support from u and other Rep. everyday Dems out bashing him and you and others sit by and let it happen.
Why?
you would be
need term limits
however every undoing creates more admire instability...
What overhaul?
Wow! Really! Is that your silver lining?
