The eagerness in which you suck this man-child off is truly abhorrent. Here's an idea. How about you get off your knees, wipe off that lil' Southern Belle mouth of yours, and for once, do your fucking job and help this country.
I hear he might cheat. But you republicans suck him off anyways. You are pathetic Lindsey and a huge suck up.
Say, did Trump happen to mention his reasoning for withholding the prepped @White_House statement re: Niger ambush?
Glad nothings going on in the world that will take away from your play time. Enjoy your job while you have it . See you at ballot box.
Of all the things going on in the world trumps golf game is the least of most people's fucking worries
This is why people say politicians are out of touch and don't give a shit about their constituents
GOP voters are only worried about holding on to their guns. If Dems change their stance on gun control they would take the house and senate
Donald Trump doesn't need a rest he needs a psychologist
Please! Let's play sports.
Glad to see you finally came around, sir. Truly a man of integrity.
.@LindseyGrahamSC ...while the body of Army Sgt. La David Johnson was arriving back in the USA. Shameful.
I can say without hesitation, Trump makes a better golfer than a president.
Reminder: You're NOT allowed to delete ANY of this! So how's that @realDonaldTrump thing working out for you?! 
If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
The death toll mounts in the California wildfires.  Puerto Rico is still without power & water.  But, Obama golfed too much.  Get a spine!
Don't you think both of you have more important things to do than golf?
Who gives a fuck?  Nation is suffering from hurricanes and wildfires and that fat fucking excuse for a president is golfing.
Is this your idea of "keeping your enemies close?"
BS
#FakeChristian Lindsey & #Traitor @realDonaldTrump are playing golf while #WildFires rage in California & #PuertoRicoRelief isn't cutting it
Makes sense, he's had 276 hours of practice since he's been president.
Who cares? Don't you have more important things to do that tweet this?
He cant walk up a flight of stairs.
Can you say California or Puerto Rico
So glad our country is great with no issues. We can golf all the time. Hopefully your just keeping a. Eye on the man child
He was thinking all day about how he was taking health money from middle class in SC. You played golf with the virus that will get you out.
was it your turn - again - to babysit Dotard Donald?
Did you enjoy your bully golf buddy Trump warning us how he will go after McCain, your friend we thought? He will attack a dying man. Wow

Sir, it's time to seriously consider the 25th Amendment... not playing golf with him or anyone else. Go back to work for the American people
Lies come easy to you. like, "I'm not a sissy bitch". Rolls right off your tongue. Like a young boy's uh-oh juice, amirite? GO MISS LINDSEY!
So I no longer believe you either.
I'm glad you're proud of his golf game & condone his continued waste of time & money on Taxpayers back .. how about U try 2 get him 2 WORK
Isn't there a lot of terrible stuff happening that u could be dealing with? Are u not planning to run for re-election?

This is what starts class warfare.
Playing WASP golf while Puerto Rico is in ruins & you have to keep ur eye on the ball & your lips on his ass @ the same time #classwarfare
This is what an elected public servant should be discussing? Glad you got voted into office to give us the play by play of trumps golf game
Lindsey love to clean Don’s balls. He is great at it!
Are you buddies now? Did you tell him Puerto Rico is a disaster? Did you mention him trash talking North Korea? How about S 200?
Seriously you boys need to stop playing games and GET SOMETHING BDONE!
Why don't you just blow him next time Lindsey, please!
God you’re a suck up and after all of the nasty crap he’s said about you, no words.
Ok dodo I hear pastor burns is going to primary you.  Can't wait
You must have started cocktails early....he's not that good sir.been there, saw it first hand.
He should try believing
Oh yeah. That is a horrible score. Kim Jong Il shot a -38 in a round of golf. Trump is horrible at golf. #loser #liars
Which was more fun, your golf game with him or the time he gave out your private phone number so his supporters could harass you?
SHHHH!!! He's passively aggressively reminding us that Trump spends a lot of time goofing off playing golf.
He despises Donald Trump. This is actually pretty savvy.
fortunately we have jobs & don't have the luxury of living off of the peasants while doing a shitty job at work
Trump is well known for playing by his own "rules" when it comes to golf. There is no way he shot 73.
Sure he did. Then he played the last five holes!
This is so@embarrassing for you
It is a shame that while the people of Puerto Rico are doing without, ACA being sabotaged, and black men are dying, the GOP talks golf.
?
A day like today I wonder Are you fucking working. If so you’re getting paid too damn much. @Lawrence @JoyAnnReid @AriMelber
Senator, CA is burning, people in Puerto Rico are starving/dying, and imbecile is threatening the planet. Golf tweets? Really?
@GOP @nytimes nice playing golf while people are hungry and dying in PR ONLY ONE WORD
As much as he golfs I would hope he plays well.
Great to see you've got your priorities sorted.
....bc he cheated repeatedly. We all have golfed with liars and Trump is a YUUUUGE liar.  Liars cheat. Trump would cheat if he played alone.
What the hell's wrong with you?This maniac has the nuclear codes and you're kissing his ass & extolling his golf score? You're as nuts as he
I know you're a better person than this mr. Graham we need you to start proving it
Made a liar out of you.  Kudos to liar supremo.  Enabler.
And he paid you how much to say this?  Or was it immunity from future tweets?
Who  cares  Ur starting to look like a suck up
Hey Lindsey, nobody cares!
I THINK YOU HAVE BETTER THING TO DO WITH YOUR TIME THAN GOLF.  LIKE GOVERNING.
That's very important for the United States and the American people. I would rather have Tiger Woods as POTUS. Better golfer, less moronic.
Oh yeah Donald Trump is the best golfer ever he spends all his time writing useless executive orders then golfs 33,000 with out jobs on him
My God man!  Remember the fact that you were an officer and at one time had integrity.
Yeah that’s what his focus is on instead of the business of the country!
Do you know the word "sycophant?"
Omg just stop it already!  Go to work!!
we get it. You're kissing his ass for a primary endorsement. You can stop now.
What are you doing for Puerto Rico & Cali I’m sure you saw his tweets! This is not acceptable! No time for being funny people are dying!
flattery is the bellows that blows up sin.
Playing golf with a sexual predator?Did he grab for your balls?
Are you now best friends?  What has been promised to you I wonder?
Shame on you! How can you make jokes about golf - let alone waste a day and tax payers money playing - while our country literally burns
I am so sorry, South Carolina, that your senator is no longer even the image of an honorable man.
I would hope not...he spends enough fucking time out there. Real pillar of integrity Lindsey.
Imagine if he dedicated himself to his job right?
Nobody gives a flying f*ck.  A toddler is in control of the White House & you're outside playing with him. We're in danger! Wake up!
He plays enough, he should be pretty good.  Imagine if he governed as well as he golfed.
don't you both have more important things to do?
@realDonaldTrump Who the F#CK cares???? Do something positive for this country!
He needs to do his job instead of costing us so much money while he gallivants around & plays golf constantly. Who cares what he made.
Did u N/C?
He improves his lie?
I have just lost all respect I had for you. You criticize Obama golf but brag about Trump golf. Get back to work and earn your pay deadbeat.
Who gives a shit?
Who cares what kind of golf game trump plays-he's supposed to be working for the country not improving his golf game?

PR is suffering.Kids on DACA are scared.ACA is being sabotaged. CHIP dismantled.Russian sanctions not in place. But yes Sen, talk abt golf. https://twitter.com/mkraju/status/918461589308805120 …
His presidency has been a quintuple bogey..on every hole
I'm not paying you to play golf with 45 just to forward your own personal agenda. Work for our state or get the hell out
Nor did he come close to understanding how the deficit works and how stock market gains don't impact it. WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
Fiddling while Rome burns.
Did you ask him when he was going to start helping PR? If not, shame on you!
Then send him on the senior tour. He has golfed more than governed.
PR struggling and he threatens to cut off aid. A very despicable man.
Complimenting Cult45's golf game will get you...what?
P.S. Please come out of closet. We see u and then you can live the life u want.
And yet, @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC think they earned another day to play golf ON MY TAX DOLLAR. I'm a veteran, send my $ to PR!!!!!
Nice you can golf with the fake president, while PR has no power, CA on fire, no health care, N Korea, Iran....
Yeah, he's getting a lot of practice while California burns & PR starves
You can not be trusted!!!
ARE YOU SERIOUS? THE MAN IS MENTALLY SICK. YOUR PARTY IS RESPONSIBLE FOR GETTING HIM OUT OF OFFICE! HE'S YOUR MONSTER!

What privilege to be able to give a crap about Trump's golf score with everything going on in the country.
People are hungry and thirsty and without essentials in Puerto Rico!
How about less golf and more focus on renewing Children's Health Insurance Program?


If only he practiced a little more...
Great use of tax payer money. #pausenot
Do you think we actually give a tinkers damn about his game??? He's unfit and so are you if you don't stop him.
What is this-comic relief?
Seriously, doesn’t that man have a crisis or 3 to attend to? When millions r thirsty or have lost their homes to fire, this is embarrassing.
Stop the ass kissing and get onthe right side of history. You want to go down with this fool? Stand up to him and be the hero we need.
Total fucking bullshit
Wow, can't believe you're willing to lie like this. Have some self-respect.
I hate this tweet.
Because he's not playing enough golf already?
Gah!!! Are you this out of touch or are you trying to make some weird point?  Stop, just stop. #youlookfoolish
Please do not lose your integrity by lying about something so insignificant as golf.
How is this important to you right now? Do your job (reminder, that's not golfing)
Seeing that pic, are you going to say Trump is the healthiest President ever?

You truly are an amazing politician... anyone else would have suggested a day trip to a swamp.
Good god this is some truly embarrassing fuckin nonsense.
I'm too deeply disappointed to even form a witty response.  Shame on you.
You have something brown smudged all over your nose.
How many snowmen did he have?
It's time for the 25th amendment! He's a DOTARD that's never going to change. He needs to be stopped before it's too late #25thAmendmentNow

Why are you kissing his butt all of a sudden? Be a man, Linds. You know he lies. Stop condoning it and hold him accountable. #DoYourJob
Wasting taxpayer money as usual. Incompetent and Moronic POTUS
Does he still cheat?
Nobody except Trump’s 34% gives a rat’s ass about what you have to say, Senator Graham. You have lost respect from so many people.
In northeastern private golf circles, Trump is known as an outright cheater. No way he shot a legit 73.
Hey remember that time that you compared him to being shot in the head versus Ted Cruz being poisoned....
Who gives a fuck?!?!
Do you realize that the majority of Americans in PR still don’t have power? Meanwhile u can’t stop talking about golf with POTUS???
18 bogies
more lies...please get a spine
A politician talking about another politician’s golf game?  Haha. What’s next, fish stories?
You have to be a great brown noser to get elected to the Senate. But it’s hard to retain your dignity.
I understand that you're trying to find common ground with him, but dude, you're breaking my heart.
Good Lord do something to help PR and stop talking about your stupid golf outing!!! What is wrong with you?
His Presidency has been a double bogey.
Great, we have golfer in chief who totally sucks at everything else
In your discussion with golf magazine you talked about gimmies, that's not golf, you can't quote scores if you didn't finish holes. Dqed
He did by blowing our money on his own damn golf course for the 70th day of his term
Of for gods sake.  With all our problems, this is the crap your tweeting about????
Dude focus. Just stop. Stop playing to the base. I need you to focus!
He gets plenty of practice, doesn't he, Senator? All on our dime--not very finally conservative. #hypocrits?
Glad to hear you all had a good time while CA burns, PR in ruins, domestic terrorism in LV and Green Beret's dead in Niger. SAD.
Nice to see that you caddy for the leader
Tell him to do his F-ing job!!!! Of course he is good at golf that (along) with tweeting is ALL he does!! #maga #trumpIQ
Is this supposed to be funny?
Have you now taken over Pence’s subservient role?
No doubles really? How about 4 bogeys? How about 6 bogeys? 73 is a lie. Stop it.

Puerto Rico is in total darkness! 3.4 million American citizens are struggling while you play golf & you played doctor with you healthbill!
Are you kidding me....This is your priority....You are as disgusting as he is
I think my feed is telling me something 
And all on the taxpayer's dime. Shameful. You should both resign.
Great... get rid of him, let him play golf every day and tell him how awesome he is. Problem solved.
And we can say without hesitation: we don't care. Is Donald Trump governing the country or training for the Masters?
You are now complicit in supporting a man who is truly damaging the fabric of our country.  History will tell
How can you spend hours with a man of such disgusting words and actions. I thought you were better than that
What has gotten to you Linds? That's it, I'm telling McCain on you.
Turncoat Graham lol @LindseyGrahamSC
Just shut up shut up shut up, nobody cares. Stop playing anything with him and resign or stand up to him. #unpatriotic #doyourjob #coward

Somehow I don't believe you #trumpRumpKisser
He had plenty of practice in the last 9 months plus I bet he carried the score card, he cheats Lindsey
Oh my god! Who gives a shit!
