Clemson graduate set to return to Upstate after travel ban halted http://bit.ly/2ld4yls  
Care to publish your tax returns to prove that, just like Trump...oh right, he won't do that...hmmmm!
Thank you for your brave leadership. We will continue to rely on you and other level headed Republicans to insulate us...
Thank you!  Now please vote NO on DeVos! Cabinet posts are not party favors - they require real qualifications!  Be brave!
Thanks for being a great American Senator! I disagree with you often but know you have our back!
please vote NO for Betsy DeVos.
You and @SenJohnMcCain have shown courage to stand up to bully so far
#NoOnDevos
@wyffnews4 thank you. @GOP needs some heroes to stand up and prove that bigotry and fascism DON'T represent the Repubicans.
Good. Now I wish you'd turn your eyes to the millions of students who need your help to protect them from DeVos.
NO TO DEVOS
@wyffnews4 The Hill agrees with #StopDeVos #draintheswamp Do you?
I know someone that's not so happy, the Pres!!!
Mr. Graham, I've gained a lot of respect for u recently. I hope you'll stand w/ the Constitution & resist DJT's policies.
bu he takes money from Satan SOROS.
Do something about this please!
lift the ban! @realDonaldTrump is a menace to our security
VOTE NO ON DEVOS!! Country over party, time to show us if you truly have integrity
So much for that. No integrity, he's a total coward.
yes, @LindseyGrahamSC has most definitely proved to be bought. Very disappointing, hoped he woukd be a voice of reason
sign says nazis in
Yay! She's great ex. of SC edu. But @LindseyGrahamSC #ImReal, Live in SC Dist 2, please #DumpDevos.
@WatchYourRepsSC
There are MANY more!  What will you do about this Republican President's Ban on immigrants and refugees?
Thank you for having the courage to stand up to Trump/Bannon. We need you more than ever. Vote no for DeVos.
and we need you to stand up against #Trumprussia too. Read what Assad news is now out. He and Putin are allies.
@wyffnews4 

Nazis in?  I didn't know you were so woke Lindsey.  You cheeky queen you.
WHY DID U TAKE SOROS MONEY IN 2016. You TRAITOR. SC will vote u out. You are a SNAKE.
stop Lindsay. Thank God for Trump you do nothing Republican senators need to go
Senator, as you can see your constituents are getting sick of your #AllTalkNoAction! #RussianHacking
Have lost respect I may have had for you and McCain. Go ahead and join the Dems. Your actions are all liberal progressive.
give other kids the best chance to graduate. Stand up for what's right. This is not a partisan issue. #noDevos for kids!
Great news, now this begs the question..are you going to support Trump & his continued violation of law/constitution????
thank you for supporting her. Everyday we see more how the ban has hurt so many. Please consider #NoBanNoWall
@wyffnews4 please vote NO on Betsy DeVos. Our kid's future's are at stake here.
will you support Senator Murphy's bill to overturn the ban?
HE LIES
Any attack on American soil until this ban is in effect will lay at your and McCain's feet! Remember 9-11! We are not safe!
Now pls vote against Jeff Sessions, who helped DRAFT that order and will try to enforce it as head of DoJ. Walk the Walk.
You need to stand with our President and for vetting NOW
don't give up on the rest of them please....
KEEP RESISTING-
@wyffnews4 Senator Graham, thank you for saying and doing what is right! Respects...
@wyffnews4 What does support for one vulnerable student represent? If this isn't a crass PR grab,he'll vote NO on DeVos.
Get and keep the illegals out of our country.
This is great! Please continue to work to reverse the ban permanently!
You are the swamp that needs draining. Cannot believe you use the same liberal tactics as Democrats. Unreal!
thank you for standing up to Trump. Now vote NO to DeVos!
So, what will you be doing to prevent our president from trying to reinstate the Muslim Ban?
tell people what you did to help make that happen.
Thank you, @LindseyGrahamSC - I appreciate you standing up for the Constitution & innocents ppl that are being damaged by these crazy E.O.s!
no worries. i'm sure your party will find another way to ban groups of people with similar stories.
@wyffnews4  This WOULDN'T have been problem it was if we had the reasonable & efficient vetting processes proposed by DHS.
thank you for helping on this one Senator Graham! #Patriot#American
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC You & #JohnMcCain did NOT tell U.S. Citizens a/ #Obama #LIES & Funding #ISIS ($; Weapons) murders same people? #InfoSec
OBAMA LEFT OVER TRAITOR TO AMERICA LOOSE YOUR JOB
you were quoted in an article by @CNN
no #Devos
please vote NO to DeVos
please #VoteNoDevos !!
@wyffnews4 Thank you for being on the right side of history. It's the moral place to be. We appreciate you taking a stand
. @LindseyGrahamSC thank you!
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos, she is totally unqualified
so when do u get this excited over fixing the VA?
Shes been here 5 years. Has she made an effort to be a citizen? If she considers this home then why not?
and what did you do to bring her home Senator? I know you said you were going to help but did you?
And if we get hit with an attack, it's on you Lindsey!
What about Putin?  What about impeachment?
happy news. Unfortunate turn of phrase/word combo
That's fantastic! Now what are you and @SenatorTimScott going to do to legislatively oppose 45?
I am counting on you to save our democracy.
Thank you for all that you have done!
Thank you
thank you for acknowledging her...please stand up for country against the sociopath now in White House
I'm so happy you're happy and knew about her. I learned of her plight on the 28th. I cried and tweeted everyone I could. 
what are you going to do to make sure it doesn't happen again! Country over party!!!!
why don't you have a "D" behind your name???? How can you betray us the voters with a smile?
glad your happy about going against the EO?
@wyffnews4 Yes, Lindsey, yes! Get my letter yet?
@wyffnews4 should have NEVER HAPPENED to begin with.
just keep on working on keeping the bad ones out! Ok Mr. Graham!  Work with your @POTUS to #MAGA Keep #AMERICAFIRST
@wyffnews4 propaganda from Lindsey to make Trump look bad!
So which side of the fence are you on today Lindsey? Glad for Naz -- not sure where you are LG
thanks for all your work on this, Sen. Graham, and for putting country above party when it matters most.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @wyffnews4 what irresponsibility from the WH to roll out such an order as it did. Shameful.
It would be even more good news if you'd decide to stand against more of Trump's unethical actions and selections.
What did you do to help get her home?
I love America!   All colors and diversity!  Keep trump honest Lindsey.
Wonderful news, Senator!
thank you for your efforts.
its great news!
Please stand together with your colleagues from Hawaii and Maine and vote no to DeVos. Don't be bullied by Trump antics.
please say no to Devos - she has No work or life experience with public education. She's unqualified - much like Trump
thanks for doing what you can to bring her back!
Mr. Graham, plz continue to look into Russian/Trump connections. Country is counting on u. Thank you.
I commend you on your stance. Please take another and vote NO on DeVos.  This isn't a right vs left issue. This is for all.
@Ldyforce6 @wyffnews4  well, talk about #AlternativeFacts...bye bye Lindsey...bye bye conservativism...RIP
@wyffnews4 How about DeVos though? Still think she's qualified? #behonest
are you going to allow this outrageous assault on the federal judiciary continue?
@JudiGatson is she gonna apply for US Citizenship she says this is home ?
@wyffnews4 Lives interrupted, inconvenience.EO Ban mishandled by inexperienced hands,No Congress, No experts.
Thanks for your support on this matter Senator. She's a valuable asset to our great nation.
with no help from you Mr graham
that's it?
glad she is home.  But could have been avoided had you and the GOP stood up for what was right.
please vote no to DeVos. My grandchildren deserve better!
your President did this shame on u
So what is the GOP gonna do now to stop further idiocies from Trump?
Stop crowing about something you had nothing to do with. Want to make a difference? Oppose DeVos.
Wow look at all the Dems kissing your ass Senator. Enjoy it now. Your constituents will vote you out next round. #Traitor
@wyffnews4 thank the Lord

Senator you're pretty cool! Thank you for your commitment to human rights!
Thank you Senator Graham.
pls take the lead. Block DeVos!!!!
now, do the right thing and vote no on DeVos and you will have really done something good and right
Stand up to this administration and make sure this doesn't happen to anyone else #allarewelcome
I Know you have Concern,Interest Well-being for this woman.Sen. Lindsey Graham, I hope you find time for the SUPERBOWL;also
as long as she was properly vetted
Great news and glad you got involved but a "so called" judge made this happen. Are u ok w/ Trump's disrespect of judiciary?
Stop trump. Help the country.
Thanks for introducing legislation to get her home. *snickers* #republicansleftme
Tell that fool in the WH that we are a democratic republic!! Not his authoritarian empire
I know you're in a difficult spot. Remember the Mr. Welch / Sen. McCarthy exchange. Take heart, do the right thing, sir
@wyffnews4 Utterly ridiculous that people like this are being barred from our county. They will only make us better.
Explain this  
the travel ban is fundamentally unamerican, I rely on you to be a voice of reason during this administration. #NoBanNoWall
Thanks!
are you going to stop this lunatic?
Yea, doing the right thing is always the right thing...good job sir
Thank you, Senator!
Really proud of you Lindsey. One of the few old time Conservatives left, with integrity.
@wyffnews4 Great news! Thank you Senator Graham for your service to this great country. Please vote no on DeVos.
If true, you need to do something about your prez that started this heartbreak for these people
Why did you let it get this far to start with? Stop supporting Trump.
Yea Lindsey! Thank you
This is GREAT news! I've been following her story since ban. Now I hope you will stand up to 45 with your vote @LindseyGrahamSC @wyffnews4
,Thank you
you supported the ban, no?  Sure used a lot of the same language over the past year or so.
please vote against Betsy DeVos
thank you for your assistance In helping her. Very happy for her and her family.
@heyitschili am I the only one who thought the sign read Nazis in?
no
thanks for clarity
thank you for helping on this
thank you, Senator.  I've never met her, but her story touched me.  I asked you to help and you did.  Gratitude.
this mess could have been avoided if you and @congressdotgov step up. #noBannon  #DIVEST #TaxReturns  #russianhacking
#WTF is wrong with you oh I forgot you sir are #deplorable
Congratulations.And keep fighting. I agree we must try to protect but must ALWAYS be America. Never able to stop all risks.
That is awesome! Now can you keep the Prez from doing stupid stuff like this?!
awesome! Thanks for your influence there! Now, keep it strong and sensible!
Thanks so much again for being such a fighter for human rights!
WTH did you have to do with getting her home!!!????
Senator, thank you for your courageous leadership during this turbulent times. You and McCain are the bulwark of democracy
I'm glad you are against the Muslim Ban, senator. Thank you.
go graham
- As an independent, thank you for supporting sensible policy here.
Please tell her welcome home and tell her we are happy to have her here!!  
Can we cancel Trumps visa now?
certainly disagree with you on alot but thank you for taking stands to defend our ENTIRE nation & humanity . Keep fighting
I agree. I believe Senator Graham will discover the majority of Americans are behind him in this. #strength
Great news! 
vote no for #BetsyDeVos
