Astonishing proposal to have a kind of "thought out" process before the decisions are announced.
Doesn't Trump have better things to do ?  Why make this an issue ?  I can't judge someone who wants to put their life in danger for Country.
And 45 is two-time, bone-spur draft dodger. CHICKEN SH*T.
What's 2 Discuss Senator=Nothing! These are Very Foolish & Disturbed People coming 2 Military 4 Dubious Reasons>We're $20T in DEBT Lindsay
These are people risking their lives for our country. You are the one who is disturbed.
Trump is governing with tweets...! Isn't it about time GOP Leaders started protecting our Country? Our Nation has been in danger since Jan.
(PS, awesome profile pic. )
Tell Lindsey to tell his home boy that.
There should be no discrimination against transgender people period.  They're people.  As a nation, aren't we better than this?
Are we realy paying for plastic surgery or is another smoke screen at homosexual veterans expense? Were living in the twilight zone. RUSSIA
. @SenLindseyGraham, please don't make this just another "tsk tsk"ing of the amoral, unqualified narcissist in WH. WE NEED VOICES AND ACTION
Or done behind Mattis;s back.
This Lindsey Graham ain't not Joke
Over 15,000 transgenders serve in US military. Their Commander in Chief has just slapped them in the face and declared them unfit.
@LindseyGrahamSC why did you vote aye on straight repeal of ACA? Who do you work for?
As long as they dont demand their own TG bathrooms and other special treatment, then fine.
I agree with Graham but point out that he jumped all over the trump tweets about wiretapping that were unfounded. Be consistent
Trump has the exclusive decision to ban transgenders from the military and many are glad he did!
OR - We could talk about Sex Traffic, money laundering and the #MagnitskyAct 
Ignore all distractions, eyes on the prize: #TrumpTaxes
Especially a tweet by a twit!
@LindseyGrahamSC Go iron your dress Lindsey. You want those ruffles to stand out pretty. @Potus & Generals handle the military.
Your comment shows your character. I don't always agree with graham, but I attack him on his policy, not made up homophobic slurs. Grow up.
The military isn't a social science experiment; NO transgenders in the Military.
2) each surgery (hormones, etc); don't bill USA taxpayer! Now Left is demanding "T" for "spouses" AND for children! You're OK w/that?!
No, Sen Graham, decisions s/b based on supporting POTUS agenda! USA military ISN'T Obama social experiment! You pay $100,000 for ... 1)
@realDonaldTrump Nobody said transgenders can't be transgendered, just not something to be dealt with in the military. Not rocket science
@LindseyGrahamSC yeah you should if the military is pAying for their sex changes..no way to many vets dying waiting on care
Thank you, senator!
Prissy @LindseyGrahamSC you shouldn't be talking about transgender/gay issues in the military. How many years did you lie to the Air Force
about your sexual orientation?   You got your reserve pension under false pretenses!!!
No shit. And we shouldn't have an obviously dangerous & unfit occupant of the White House.  Trump is nuts & we all see it ... except C U L T
Hopefully Dems will run on this as MOST of country solidly behind Trump on this..
Who made you da boss Lindsey, time to retire
The military has a policy that keeps people w/expensive medical costs out. The military is about combat readiness not free treatment!
The military had a huge part in deciding this policy. This is not a policy based on tweets. Get a grip!
Lindsay acts so open minded, but he always...ALWAYS...votes in lockstep with the GOP. Party over People, every time. Don't be fooled.
Rhino
As usual, @LindseyGrahamSC is "concerned" but unwilling to put himself on the line and put a stop to the   craziness coming out of the WH.
LOL DAMN RINO!   If u can't tell what's between ur legs how r u going to know what end of the gun is the barrell?
RINO lindsey needs to go!
As usual, talk is cheap.
What? Fact:gender dysphoria:med condition requiring therapy.If you accept in military must also accept diabetic, asthmatic et al.Readiness?
1. Exactly! There are many young people who suffer from anorexia. They may be frighteningly skeletal but still think they are fat. Society
Then he needs to do more than talk about it. Now is the time to act, not bluster.
Stupid comment.
Like the amount of discussion the GOP allowed on healthcare?
I am proud of Lindsey. He knows that what Trump used as a reason to reverse Obama policy are lies as usual. Have hearings get the truth
Every policy Trump has reversed has been legally done.
Lindsey Graham is a man of many words and little action.
You're telling US?  He is managing the DOJ via tweets.  Why not the Pentagon?
Why? R u a pawn of the #SwampRats @TheDemocrats?

Focus on this spineless @GOP: Crooked @HillaryClinton & Mueller!
Funny how a military policy is unbeknownst to the pentagon. This is foolery! #LGBTQ
We definitely should not make our decisions based on a twit.
You & fellow GOP should tell that to @realDonaldTrump
I don't care if they serve but why are tax payers paying for their surgeries? It is not due to serving military.
Not to mention anonymous sources with these so called "generals" #potus is referencing.
Speak up, Senator!! Be brave! Do what is right by the people! For the people!!
Then do sonething @LindseyGrahamSC. This presidency is a catastrophe.
Gee ya think @LindseyGrahamSC . When the dictator talks with "my generals" then issues policy via tweet, we should all start to worry.
I agree. He says "my military" regularly also.
Mr Graham is the most stupid person in the senate.. what is he afraid of. He speaks the truth in the cupboard and chicken out in the open
He did. Trump does little other than watch tv, tweet and golf.
Trump only turned on the transgender community when he realized how difficult it was to determine which amongst them had a pussy to grab
The tax payers Christian should not be forced to fund transgender operations or complications either nor force men & women to accept it
but those same "Christian tax payers" have no problem bombing and killing people for the last 17 years. #grabembythepussy
Lindsey Graham should tell that to Donald Trump
Lololol
Decision is made, President made the decision.
^bot
