What are you so afraid of, Lindsey?
Sen. Graham seeks info on any incidental collection of his communications with foreign agents by the Obama admin http://bit.ly/2snISrd  
No thank you! I'll never vote for you again.
You mean #fakefoxnews.  Even with a Legal background you are still putting your party first. #pathetic
If Trump is found guilty of Treason or espionage or RICO Should he go to jail
Trump is really having his way with you darling.

Are you taking Kellyanne to this dance?

Man, it must suck that you attached your whole life and career to 45. You will go down with him. SAD you put Russian interests above US.
Won't it be hard to talk with Trump's balls in your mouth?
I was wrong
Explain why your party thinks Nicaragua and Syria are great company for us.
To be fair, Syria didn't sign on because of their ongoing civil war, and Nicaragua felt that it didn't go far enough. We're the a-holes.
No Trump is in our eyes.
The USA is not the worlds "sugar daddy"! US tax payers have had enough of globalization agenda & being the fool.  Agrm. was way 2 take US $.
The only two countries in the world also not in are Nicaragua and Syria. Want to be like them?
Did U read the agreement?  predicted <.02% over 30 years.  China & India get a free pass & we pay for it.  need smthg. that is fair & works.
I don't think half these ppl read it.
Agreed ---if they did, used good old fashioned common sense, they would never support USA throwing our tax money away and being a fool.
<3
No
You and your beloved State News! Shame on you turning your back on the USA for #Trumprussia
Is that the Russian trump owned Fox? For a brief minute you were almost on the right side  w Americans. What does Russia trump have on you?
Sir, you sure try to walk that tight rope. I wish you luck and focus on the goal to keep country #1
Nah. When I want Republican news, I go straight to Russia Times and other Russian media.
Lol! Burn!!!
I don't watch fake news and you taking part in a show of theirs makes them appear legitimate.  Oh , I forgot, you already went to dark side
Four hours ago and this old bag of bones couldn't even get 50 likes. 
How about passing some legislation instead of sitting in the makeup chair, Liberace
No thanks. Try a real network and maybe.
Who are you Lindsey? Will you please do your job. Country over party! Shame on you.
Very courageous of you to go on state sponsored TV.  Too afraid to go up against real journalists?
Fox infotainment. Hardly news.
Sorry, don't watch Fake (Fox) News
Nope. #resist #impeach
No one with any sense watches fox. And know one with any character listens to you.
Talking about your weekend plans with @TomCottonAR going to BILDERBERG in Virginia? President Trump is having a rally. Come support!!
How about speaking to some actual journalists.
Amusing how the liberals bash Graham for siding "with party lines" over the good of the country....look in the mirror regards
did you talk about selling your soul to the devil?
So I can watch you skirt truth again? You talk tough,then walk back & FALL IN GOP LINE-spineless,traitorous, in cahoots w/ #Criminals #Liars
Haha
How about an real investigation of the Obama unmasking, breaking our 4th Amendment rights, etc.  It's criminal. How about it??
What are you going to sellout on this time?
No!
Wouldn't watch fox or u any more
Who cares
Nope. So what. You've got nothing.
We are tired of you and your words old man
I hope you had your facts in order, you know how meticulous Fox is about facts. (lol, I kill me!)
Yawn
MAKE OUR PLANET GREAT AGAIN! I dig you, but agreeing with @potus on #parisaccord is crazy. LG, I hope I haven't misjudged you.
Why on earth would I tune in to more bombastic rhetoric? You had your at greatness& you fluffed it away.
who cares??
No thanks.
No, just more lies from GOP and Fauxnews!
Traitor
Nope. #makeamericasmartagain
Fox news hahahaha! You might as well go talk to putin himself
No
U couldn't pay me enough
You mean preaching your BS to the choir? Bully for you then!
Are you going to discuss how you knew about efforts to immediately lift sanctions in return for zippo, and said NOTHING at the time.
Sorry. Never watch them.
Let us know when you will be 'Choosing Country over Party,' only then will you have something worthy of an invitation to hear you speak.
I've pretty much lost all respect for you. Tune out.
Have fun talking to all the little lemmings as you and your goofy old party lead them all off the abyss into darkness, hate, & poverty.
Finally he is appearing on FOX news. Thank you Senator.
Your words would mean more if you chose another news outlet.
#FakeNews No Thanks!
Questions/answers entirely predictable. Thanks for the offer though
No
Na
I am so disappointed in you.
You let many people down.
Keep supporting this president agenda.
What happened to you? You were a reasonable politician and now you're fully on board the Trump Train. It's highly suspicious.
it's best if you work on the #impeachment process instead of showing up on @foxNews #impeachTrump now! This is what majority of voters want
I had such faith in you Senator, but you are just like the rest. Party before country. No longer interested in what you have to say.
You do know the second you say fox news you lose 20% of your already dismal credibility.
Jump on the Trump Train or be left behind.  RINOS are gone next time they're up for election
Why? Any news thoughts Sen? How about that horrible health care bill? How about the Russians in the WH?
Think Profiles in Courage Linz
Be quiet for once. You are looking like a foolish puppet
Correct, a one sided conversation won't answer any questions.Doubt we get many on Thurs. Hope you get yours on unmasking soon.
Nyet
traitor
You've become so flimsy. I'm not sure how you stand.
Why don't you try any legitimate places? Why always Fox? Go somewhere and answer tough questions.
No thanks!
man up, your party is going down in Russian smoke.....
When are you going to start working for the people of SC? When's your next town hall? How much do we have to pay to get your attention?
no thanks
No thanks - it's all lies you spew!!  Thanks for selling out our country Comrade!!!
- #AwanBrothers spied on you & members of congress - DC police have computer with info ? Ask them for info ?
Nope done listening to mansplaining of this President.
Feh
@LindseyGrahamSC I don't believe a damn thing you have to say anymore. Are you down with Trump giving Russia back their properties? Stand up
Don't worry about the haters on here because they didn't vote 4 u anyway! Keep up the good work!
You have made me proud this morning. It is about time someone in the GOP starts standing up for our Pres & calling out the bullshit!
no interest in Russian state tv

I have Fox News blocked on my TV. Don't even want to hit it accidentally.
your just another trump puppet. Won't stand up for our country. Shame. When your time comes " regrets ?"
Correction: ab to speak with Trump State Run News Agency. I'm sure they'll get along great w/ TASS when WH finishes selling us out to Russia
Thank god we have a network (FOX) that actually reports the news. All of it good or bad. Try it sometime.
No thanks I've already had my fill of BS from you and @GOP
U knew about plans to drop sanctions. Put country over party sir!
Faux news? Nah. I'm good
flip flop did you not criticize the #crazyMan = #trump for his #Parisclimateaccord decision? There is NO renegotiation! Merkel
Playing to Trump's base, I see.  No other reason to be on the not news called Fox.
Nah, I'm good. I've no faith in you or #FakeFoxNews
No intersested in your partisan hateful unamerican rhetoric!
No thank you, Senator...you made it abundantly clear where your loyalties are.
Faux News
GOP has sold out the US to Russia. Keep covering up all of the corruption to save your own ass!
Gag rather get my teeth pulled
Why feed the propaganda machine? It's not those idiots you have to convince.
How about saying something worth listen to this time. I would like you to get my vote back.
Let 'er rip about #Russia & #ObstructionOfJustice! @realDonaldTrump @VP @SpeakerRyan #PaulManafort #MichaelFlynn #JaredKushner #CarterPage
Why should anyone listen 2you, especially on Trump tv.? You are complicit in the decimation of our republic. Who will stand up for the USA?
Well it sure won't be HRC or OBAMA. They stand only for themselves.This President was wealthy before he became President.Unlike Hrc & Obama
Coward
No thanks.
With @OReillyMedia or @megynkelly " ?
Hi there!  You might have meant to tag @BillOReilly instead of us, we're a tech learning company not associated with Bill, or Fox. /JJ
I like this dude will be watching
Time to cut the cable.
Sorry, very busy, have to floss the dog.
Good thing I dont watch fox!! You need to smarten up about trump unless you're involved
Why? What are you going to possibly say to console us?? #FOXNewsUS
would love to hear u speak. Sling TV doesn't broadcast FOX news.. Hmm. Can U go on MSNBC @MSNBC



Fake news
I just don't know what to say anymore. The Rs are allowing a coup of our democracy.
Thanks for the warning, Lindsey.
Fucks news.!!
Please country first!
Discuss Megyn Kelly's questioning of Putin.
Hey Linds,GOOD LUCK with that,I have lost faith in all of you!!!
No one cares
Nope. Fox lies.
Nah, I'm good unless you are calling for Trump's impeachment.
