Are you worried for yourself or for your buddy Sessions - now that republican political biases cannot control the investigation?
The diff of course is that you & your ilk will continue to drag your obstructionist feet and #Mueller won't. #resist #tRump #NotMyPresident
How about Seth Rich? Oh forgot, he was murdered. He sent thousands of DNC emails to Wikileaks.
I know plenty, targets of innocuous Devi's "Midnight in Garden of Good & Evil" prancing, you know, the giant asshole of all rabbit...
You are becoming less and less important because you didn't stand up against this treasonous administration when you should have!
No, you probably can't but what good is an impotent party that will not help their President? You personally are more help to the opposition
I would like to know why DNC would not hand server over to FBI, went to Crowdstrike who has connections with Clintons. Did Comey take Memos?
So you're saying Mueller's appt will restrict Congress' ability to investigate?  That's bad right?  Isn't sunlight the best disinfectant?
nobody is convinced that your GOP-led congress is going to serve the interests of the American people. That's why "independent" counts
The Republicans should be in control of the House, Senate, and the Presidency and can’t seem to do anything! What good is an impotent Party?
Great maybe Congress can actually get something done while Mueller performs his investigation. You can always investigate later.
It appears no one actually reads what you write senator. What he's saying is they can't call the same witnesses that the IC is going to call
They have the right not to testify if they're being investigated.
What a farce! Trump is right. This investigation is a circus and the performers are clowns. The Republicans won't even helpTrump. Sad Party
Please continue your investigation.
Benghazi. Erdugan Embassy-Gate? You shitheads let happen on Penn Ave! Red Badge Courage for REAL good: Scooby Doo "king of all docs" on it!
Bannon and all Toad(R)s in between. NOT on his witness list: Susan 'Doing Her Job' Rice. Doesn't like testifying over nothing, nervous...
HE will want to talk to that gay leaf of grass (defunct Devi) & his new bestie GFs Beau Toad Ellis, Flynn Toad Cohen-Twatnick, Goebbels...
The people of the U.S.would like a special prosecutor for investigations ofHRC,Bengazi,Bill and Lynch meeting,Lerner,and Rice.Real criminals
Senator Graham,my response is off-topic however, I'd like 2 propose a travel ban upon Trump's return to US.Extreme vetting for rentry 2 US
The key is he is not a partisan representative of any particular constituency, except, of course, all of us. It's called 'impartial', genius
Graham doesn't want the swamp drained.  Must be an alligator in the swamp.  The only ones that colluded with Russia were the Clinton's.
Soooo...don't you think it will be rather nice for the public to hear from Comey? These are different processes, aims.
Graham ain't worried about the lawless crimes the Clintons are accused of. He's worried about our law and order @POTUS catching up with him!
So talk to them.
I think he should be talking to YOU and @SpeakerRyan - traitors to our flag
You don't fool us Senator. We know where the real collusion is. You Mccain and the rest of the Swamp!
Um, i can think of 2, first Hillary, they need to revisit her emails,2 Seth Rich been proven to have been working for WikiLeaks =DNC=Deadman
witness to REAL facts, not ALTs. Exhibited in one of many Brokefoot Mountain Chafes-it fruitless, TAXING, never-ending buffooneries like...

Quit being a MSM tool. A miche in your face usually means they want a soundbite to use against @POTUS , but I guess you know that.
I think special counsel is a good start, but an independent commission is critical. There are still conflicts of interest with DOJ/Sessions.
Anything to avoid making real policy decisions lindsey
What about doing you job to get rid of the Nutjob in the WH. Question him. BTW Russian ambassador being replaced soon.
@LindseyGrahamSC Shame on you!!! The Senate has the responsibility to investigate the Russian/Trump and impose more sanctions.
Senator Graham, all GOP members SHOULD be backing president Trump, We The People voted for him! We expect that from all of you
Think it all should be televised....Mueller & staff ask the witnesses questions w/ Senate & House Intel Committees present (listening only)
I agree it complicates things. There are aspects which may not be criminal but are unethical. How do we deal with that?
GOP doesn't have any interest in doing anything about Trump. Didn't give 2 craps about Russian operatives. Too busy being partisan. Nov 2018
Know what? If you're such a downer, maybe just get yourself off the JC and let others do their jobs. Kind of had it with you.
Stories tend to reveal more, each time they are told
your back handed way of saying, you are done investigating? Surely yur long list(should be long, tons of people involved)submit to Mueller
I can't think of one bigger disappointment than you.  I expected weakness from @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr but not you.  You failed us.
Stop BSing around Lindsey
Just do your job and stop protecting sn obvious disaster of a person and president.
You need to learn how to thread tweets. It's not that complicated. You should see if someone on your staff has an IQ above 54 and ask them.
Will you give your predecessor a full pardon when you become President later this year?
Any chance we can implement a travel ban today against overweight real estate developers from New York entering our country?
Mueller will hopefully do his job where all you and you pals want to do is protect the GOP.
While I respect what the Senate may be able to do in this, Nunes' prior actions have called into question the ability of Congress to be fair
Just an excuse
Lindsey it's Trump!  There is plenty of shit to investigate. It'll take a village.

But you AREN'T talking to them. Left to your own devices, no investigation would ever materialize. Don't lie to us. You know it's true.
Dems are whinning. Nothing to point fingers at. This is all they have no evidence. When it is over the Democratic party will cease to exist.
What is the legal ground for them not speaking to both?? (Seriously.)
Oh, what will the Democrats talk about then?
- call DW Schultz DNC chair ask for ALL TYPES OF EQUIPMENT - to see if & How Russian Hackers got in DNC - Seth Rich KEY !!
Too bad you hate Trump so much. Your blindness is pure hate...
Why does it seem like the GOP is constantly in retreat when they should be doing the opposite????
We have an opportunity for Congressional Committees and Mueller to work together. I think everyone would agree it would be a welcomed change
You've had since 1/21/17 to do something, but you've been #AllIn #Complicit & done nothing. Shush & let him do what you wouldn't
How deep into the staff do members need to get lawyered up?  Pages?  Busboys?
Special prosecutor cannot bring impeachment proceedings against DJT, only congress can do that, so there is need for parallel investiation.
Hay thaer
Thousands of Americans charging Republican Officials with OBSTRUCTION of JUSTICE for not IMPEACHING thd President!
This needs to happen and it needs to be public. Am. people deserve to know the extent of Russia's involvement and potential collusion. 3/
How about this - do your job. Let Mueller take care of his investigation and you worry about your Committee. No more partisan excuses.
The move will be seen as pure partisan politics and not an honest attempt to get to the bottom of this. 2/
Senator, if you close out the Senate investigations youll be seen as cooperating with the President and voters will hold you accountable. 1/
Hiding behind Bob Mueller so you can shirk your congressional oversight responsibilities is more than lame. (1)
While Mueller can file criminal charges against domestic offenders, only congress can impose sanctions of international penalties. (2)
Hay every i
I just trying this out my fust time on tueter
Please stop whining; your colleagues (McConnell) dragged your feet Burr & Nunes compromised themselves what did the GOP expect!
So Mueller's investigation is criminal, right? Is Congress not going to deal with the national security issues?
Yourselves?
This guy is a snake. Still talking about Hillary's emails. Wants to abandon #Russia investigation @RayOfLaurel https://thinkprogress.org/graham-says-congress-should-abandon-russia-look-at-emails-instead-bd9ebc32a78 … …
Leave to #Libtards to get exactly what they wanted and then whine & cry about the consequences 
Ask your Democratic colleagues and if they can't think of anyone either, then you'll have a fair point.
Antics that only continue to hurt and divide the GOP at the end of your career. SMH
Most just hope for a fair investigation that reaches conclusions in a timely manner, as the country must move forward.
So throw up your hands and give up, what you wanted the entire time. Talk is cheap brah, yours is like a 5 and dime store.
Respond to Turkey thugs beating ppl on our soil for Protesting
You failed us. You let Al Gore buy your methane CRA vote. Disgustingly Sad
Do the right thing. This is so ridiculous it's funny. Jesus do we have to vote out all of you. We're not leaving Trump.
Go to it!
You are trying so hard not to do your job I'm embarrassed for you. Country should come before party. This is pathetic. History will remember
Not about you saying you want to let FBI take over. It's the that u provided Trump false cover by saying u didn't see evidence 2 warrant it.
How about this shithead?
Why does one preclude the other? Can't there be parallel investigations?
Gee, Lindsay. I'm thinking a lot of us trust Mueller to get at the truth a whole lot more than we trust you.
He is protesting too much ... makes me wonder...
Lindsey you have ran for president for 30. Yrs no one voted for you. So take a hint go away and and join the Democratic party you belong to
Looks like you are looking for more excuses to cover up for tRump. You are supposed to be representing the people of the United States NOT
the @GOP party. You keep proving over and over that you don't deserve the office of senator. It is time for a dem replacement. Someone that
really cares about their constituents.
In SC that's not going to happen. 1/2 hate him for this; 1/2 for being rational &a moderate (sometimes). But Lindsey, grow some, okay?
Could Mueller be mindful about overall anxiety to update public periodically
It's me Patrick who is a witness and wants to testify ok??
Work on your syntax. Double negative. Bad! Subject-verb-object. Good! Didn't you go to law school back in 50s or 60s?
Congress had their opportunities to investigate and couldn't do so credibly. Brought this on yourselves.
Go quote the republican speaker of the house,"Blah, blah,blah".
Sharing is caring and patience is a virtue. Both can happen simultaneously as long as partisanship doesn't sabotage efforts.
Have them testify twice and compare answers. Might be informative.
Using Moeller's investigation as an excuse to shut down congressional oversight will not end well for the GOP.
#Democrat Sen. Bob #Menendez of #NJ indicted on 14 counts of #corruption. #Tatiana
Why is he still in the Senate I am asking!
