STOP!! REPAIR ACA!
Now, SC elections were attempted to be hacked 157 times!! Hello?!
Just vote NO!!! Do a #FullRepeal like you promised!
#UnitedForFreedom
You sir must stop this from happening Russian official says 'almost' near deal with Trump administration for return of diplomatic compounds
Lindsey... please just find ur conservative roots & stop taking the bait from liberal GOPers Trump will take U all down with him #fullrepeal
Hello botc**t
Why is you profile linked to porn?
#plonkabitch
#FullRepeal waspromised to the people keep your promises #United for freedom
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! #FreeMarketOnly! #UnitedforFreedom!
Lindsey you seem like a man who truly cares about the American people. If that is true you will vote no on the healthcare reform.
For the sake of the country, please listen to your conscience and vote against this abomination of a "health care" bill. #CountryOverParty
You're appealing to a being that believes a conscience is a weakness.
Lindsay your a traitor
 to America wish we could vote you out in 18
I'm voting for whomever runs against him-primary and/or general!! Bye, bye bye!
Join the democrats, you and McCain are democrats
Revising the promise to include replace is repeating a lie to make it true. It didn't go unnoticed. #FullRepealNow Senator #UnitedForFreedom
We are not chattel to be ruled over by government. Your attempts to control our health care are illegitimate. #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/887172147839414272 …
YOU WOYLD ACTUALLY VOTE FOR THIS AWFUL BILL?????!
FOX HAS SOLD OUT TO RUSSIA. TO HELL WITH FOX. HOW ABOUT AMERICAN HEALTHCARE, THE BEST HEALTHCARE IN THE WORLD FOR ALL AMERICANS!
#FullRepeal #FreeMarket #UnitedForFreedom
Obama knew exactly how to destroy America, divide beyond repair. OC isn't working for working ppl. Medicaid has become a way of life.
You're a venomous snake in the grass.Hope u enjoyed the BBQ when Americans that actually pay ur sorry butt r terrified of losing healthcare



I agree with health care idea.  All states have different needs. Put healthcare back in state control with limitations and restriction
Then you can have states not cover pre-existing conditions and cost too much for sick people to afford!!
Taking advantage of @SenJohnMcCain health crisis?:
Wonder what the American people are getting in return? https://twitter.com/jimsciutto/status/887070775869677570 …
It is past time y'all STOP messing with our money, lives and choices. #KeepThePromise #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
Saw Sen Graham on TV talking about recapitalizing the http://exim.gov  Export Import Bank with taxpayer money - another bank bailout.
Will LindseyGraham continue to ignore Trump is being blackmailed By PUTIN?? Urgent!!!
"The Russian goverment has picked a strange time to start issuing ultimatums..."

But it has. Why?

…
When you go on any channel besides Fox then I might listen.
Lindsey Graham and John MCCain are gay for each other
U were my 1st choice for POTUS,
But this needs to be bipartisan!
Ppl I know cannot work wo medicaid.
&guess what happened when 1 moved South
If you vote yes on the current senate health reform bill, you will not be reelected.
#deathcare
It is not Health care. Death sentences and pain and suffering follow this dastardly bill. Where is humanity?
REDUCE POWERS OF POTUS NOW!!!
Who in their right mind wants Govt  HC? I've Weighed pro & cons! Lib. Govs. can't handle $ & will blame Repubs when it fails! FULL REPEAL!
I appreciate you are trying to insure we won't have socialized health care (Thank you!!). But this still gives people a sense of entitlement
Saw your interview. I want government out of health insurance. Period! Federal, state or local. Get repeal DONE!
We didn't vote for Govt HC!  It's UNSUSTAINABLE! 
STOP caving in to left!  Full Repeal & Replace w/ Free Market
Don't go on fox
The Republican plan is a travesty. Fix O care. Negotiate with ins ind. doing away is not the answer. Don't support Pro Russia Trump
i agree graham
We will make sure ANYONE who allowed or stopped information regarding Russia. Goes down with this admin. We pay your salary we're NOT RUSSIA
Implementation of your HC is the issue. The citizens are not stupid & too many horrible end results happen with Rep reforms. Look at history
If you won't protect America get out. You know there was an effect but not the point. Calling media fake so u won't accept reality is un
Is McCain dead yet?
Just repeal Obamacare, we need to reduce entitlements; you are smart enough to see the dangerous deficit projections
I don't want the Feds to have anything to do with my health...NOR Di I want my corrupt state too either...ILLINOIS IS BROKEN
Repeal first. One issue at a time vote. Let all represent their constituents by voting on record including Dems. Too many entitlements
Your a senate failure, 6 years for health care reform; y r u not ready with plan?
always tried to trust you through the years! Your proposal seems to be what people need. Doctor/patient control!
If you don't want to take HC from the poor, just convince other REPS this bill is ridiculous, problem solved.
Love Trump but don't trust Republicans with healthcare.  I think they care more about Insurance companies then us
Mandates to punish the working taxpayer are wrong! Platinum Medicaid for non workers and filled with fraud is WRONG
you know this is wrong. It is time to give up on the stupid repeal idea. Stand up for the people and work to fix the ACA!
Senator, when are you going to speak out MEANINGFULLY and DO SOMETHING abt #Putin's undue influence in this Admin?
The Constitution anticipates a President like this. It does not anticipate a Congress so indifferent to a President like this.
What are the healthcare benefits of Trumpcare?  Takes insurance away for millions?  Rips out foundation of public health ?  Way to go!
GOP "plan" is both poor politics for party and bad public policy. Creates many healthcare problems; solves not one.
@LindseyGrahamSC Are S,Carolinians going to be happy to pick up unfunded care for a resident who buys a cheap plan from Delaware?
This is a ridiculous idea! Should individual states be able to control Medicare as well? Social Security? Repub Senate HC proposal is evil.
Fox is _not_ news. It's just not. Stay the hell away from there.
I don't like you Mr. Graham. I'm a left leaning centrist. But- I respect that you were tough on Christopher Wray. Do the same w/ the prez!
You and your "Republican/Conservative" buddies don't get ObamaCare repealed...count on losing your job and GOP dead in 2918 and your next go
STILL CANT WATCH THE TUBE!
Why isn't Jared Kushner's security clearance pulled?
LIAR!!! Single-Payer is not a government plan. You are promoting genocide plain & simple.
As a Democrat, I commend you on your line of questioning of FBI nominee Wray. It was outstanding & a model for any @GOP seeking reelection.
Ore NO on current health care bill! Take time and do it RIGHT,
You have no intention of sending the money to the states. The tax cuts for the rich take the majority of the money being used for ACA.
I'm a dem, I prefer single payer, but  this sounds like a reasonable plan to me. I hope you get support.
Serious??!! Trust politicians in South Carolina!! That't right there is funny!!
This healthcare bill is a POS
You might be a Republican. You might be a Christian but you can't be both, #GOP Pharisees.
It's time for We The People to take away Lawmakers healthcare, we should make you paid for your own insurance plan, out of you high wages!
You seem to be a voice of relative sanity within your party, Senator Graham.  Please exercise compassion for your constituents and vote no.
Great idea! Moving healthcare to the states or single payer! Agree 100% it's the only way it works...
I voted for trump so as a voter get moving

We KNOW you are gay. Big surprise. Stop worrying about that and DO YOUR DAMN JOB!! The Dems have the economic power, we will #bluexit. Bye!
When are you going to step up and talk about removing these traitors? They are complicit with Russia. You are as bad as they are. 1/2
Dear Rep Graham. I don't think ppl care how its done, just be fair to everyone. In addition, thx for leading since the US has no President.

Hey sir. Any hearings such in future into why O admin did NOTHING when they learned of Russia interference in June 2016? No response? Why?
Why don't publish where the nukes are , launch codes ,disclose where troops are , military tatics ,the judge doesn't run the military either
Then we have another judge appointed by Obama wants to give liberals the details of the air strike in Syria , that's not their job either .
COngress has the authority to remove these judges make an example king wants him to come in to explain himself , pull them in
Off topic we want Derrick Watson removed judges don't make rules , they don't set dhs policy and he doesn't have respect for sc
Then their children get to go to school for free
They come to clinic in their 37-70,000 dollar cars , with no car seats then buy a single family home renovate it and stick 4 families in it
We might travel once every 10 yrs ,,unless a funeral. Meanwhile they go back to their countries every year.
F150, murano, Range Rover , meanwhile he working construction . Meanwhile hospital workers are driving 12-15 yr cars
I worked in NYC hospital , illegals had 3-5 kids collecting welfare and benefits while their husband shows up in brand new
Give it to the states but they must submit the names to ensure they are legal citizens , this is how NY stole 15 billion
HOW ABOUT READING STEVE SCALISE'S CURRENT HOSPITAL BILL!!! He WAS One Of Those HEALTHY YOUNG MEN That WOULD HAVE QUALIFIED For TED CRUZ!!!!
Please put country over party. Vote NO on current devastating healthcare bill. Please allow bipartisanship/amendments so problems are fixed.
Well, It depends on the State that runs it. Don't get sick in the wrong state or your"less than Obama Care"could be a BIG PROBLEM for you.

Trump is a man that disrupts Democracy, backed by a immoral Republican Congress.  This entire crooked administration dishonors America.
Lindsey Graham is a fool.  We don't want a partial real of Obama Care.  We want a total repeal, and we want the government completely out.
As an outspoken critic of trump,lets us hope than Graham votes against the Republican health care act and has a SPINE!!
What does Russia have on u?How much did it take to betray our entire country?We will never forget/forgive what u have done.
More abortion coming soon to your state. Count on it if BCRA passes.
54% of births N Texas R government supported
Dummies only teach abstinence in sex education,no birth control methods
http://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/terence-p-jeffrey/24-states-50-babies-born-medicaid …
You're a cuck, but you've got some good ideas re healthcare. Surprised the @SenateGOP can't come together. No good excuse for this.
Big NO on #Trumpcare !!!!
Please tell us you'll stand up against this bill - as a cancer survivor, I fear losing all I've worked for!
Please stand up against @realDonaldTrump /Russia collusion. I am a Democrat, but I trust that you can be a profile in courage in the GOP.
so the revised bill doesn't satisfy all the Senators??!! Y'all don't care if it takes millions of US off coverage!! to give tax cuts? awful
Sen would rather start another Cold War than pass healthcare reform. Graham is a befuddled mess, retire please. Past sell by date.
The "other" Senate bill will literally kill people and history will be damning. Please vote no and work on the alternative.
Thank you for an alternative. Please now put your integrity on the line and vote no on the current Senate bill.
I lost count of the # of times you said you would be repeal/replace. You lied! U R NOT a man of your word!!!
Keep up the good work. I like your common sense, and it seems others rarely apply any. The real losers right now are the American people.
Senator, sorry for all the posts BUT you need to open your eyes. It's all there; piece of puzzle fall into place. Why can't you see that?
We're just tired of DEMS getting away with real crimes! House & Senate doing nothing about BUT going after Trump for a SCAM by Dems!

They tried to evict Disabled People out of their home to get the property!
What about Bernie Sanders and Jane? Bank Fraud, Money Laundering, Theft, Bankruptcy, etc. Why is he still a Senator?
Right now GOP have all 3 branches! We did this; we voted! Since Jan, not ONE Dem indicted! Why not? Hillary for sure guilty of so much!
There are certain names involved in all this! Hillary, Lynch, Comey, Obama, Brennan, Clapper. I have over 100 articles connecting it all.


Can't stand him he's a never Trump person

All the talk from the Media and Dems about 17 Agencies NEVER existed! NEVER! A narrative used for us to believe.
Loretta Lynch let her into the Country without a Visa under exceptional reasons.  Why has LYNCH not been called?
#goodbyelindseygrahamSC2018

Russian Lawyer was part of Fusion GPS Group; same that did fake Dossier on Trump. All part of plan.
Goodbye to LG. Stand up for our president or lose in 2018
Why have none of you ever brought Soros in for questioning?  I know he donates money to some of you BUT he's guilty.
This was an inside job = inside the US, not from Russia!
This one is very important; a few paragraphs down tells how even some in the media were told this was all a scam!

http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/07/breaking-hillary-campaign-used-phony-information-obtained-collusion-w-kremlin-damage-trump-campaign/ …
Here's that paragraph from the Hillary Camp Used Phony Info article.....
3. I'm not some person just saying this; have research of 6 months. Let me post a few here for you to read. Please read them! Latest ones.
2.  all with Obama on this hatched plan to set up Trump with Russia. Brennan changed the IP address from US to Russia to frame them.
Senator, I  am telling you that Russia DID NOT hack us. There are only 3 Agencies that say that; FBI, CIA, NSA = Brennan, Comey, Clapper ...
Government leaders why don't you stick your freedom out and if we can prove that that's true you get to spend the rest your life behind bars
Elections in other countries when I lived in SD I knew the head of the Seals he told me that they were assassin squads to get rid of 2/3
Why do you criticize TRUMP on TV all the time - I voted for him - As a Republican you and McCain are an embarrassment to America. Shame
Lindsey stop acting like America is so pure stick the rest of your freedom on the table you think for a second that we haven't changed 1/3
Donors want their Tax Cuts Senator..tell Trump voters how great its gonna be...haha
Do the right thing for the country
hypocrite
#RevokeKushner now! Dump Trump now for lying to America for a year! #TreasonousTrump #savetheACA
Well there you go, FN has zero vote in the senate last time I checked, how does this great idea sit with the other 99 senators that vote?
Will McConnell put his mother on this or any Republican plan?
SenGraham it's to do what's right for the ppl of America. Vote no. McConnells bill will kill kids elderly women vets n the very poor #think
Did it have anything to do with keeping people healthy? Or just more anti-anything- Obama did nonsense?
Why don't you go on a real news channel instead of the state propaganda channel?#foxnewsisanoxymoron
You are kidding please you can't be in the dark that much
.@LindseyGrahamSC needs to step down before a full on investigation is launched against himself.@chuckschumer .@timkaine &.@SenJohnMcCain
.@LindseyGrahamSC is guilty of 18 U.S. Code 2385 Advocating the overthrow of the.@POTUS His proved he is part of a coup against.@POTUS
.@LindseyGrahamSC like.@CNN won't even mention the fact that it was Obama who flew her in just days before their meeting No investigation
What else isn't being said It was Obama who flew this attorney in for the private meeting with Don Jr after he got his meddling report
Comey testified that a private company reported the Russians hacked the DNC He failed to say that it was a former Obama staffer who said it
I watched. You're in such good shape, Lindsay. Just beautiful.
While.@LindseyGrahamSC blames Russia.@HilaryClinton blames China a vast difference from the woman who would know best as to who hacked her
.@LindseyGrahamSC was votes away from war with Russia with his Pal.@SenJohnMcCain at the helm So now he is lashing out blaming Russia
.@LindseyGrahamSC was set to go to war with Russia if .@HilaryClinton became President But that dream died when she lost
It is.@POTUS who cut off funding & arming the Syrian Freedom Fighters AKA ISIS that has.@LindseyGrahamSC going insane
.@LindseyGrahamSC has proven that his fetish for a war with Russia is beyond words The man supported ISIS What more needs to be said
.@LindseyGrahamSC knew Putin would retaliate but over 350,000 dead in his lust for a war with Russia Now he attacks.@POTUS
.@LindseyGrahamSC wanted Syria to fall as he claimed it was about Assad his own words say otherwise Wanting to shoot down Russian Fighters
.@LindseyGrahamSC supported ISIS in Syria while over 350,000 died as a result All to go to war with Russia
