Is @LindseyGrahamSC running for nomination too?
I used to have a modicum of respect 4 U Lindsey! Well u just blew it! U.
Sessions = racist
Graham, I think you underestimate the number of women in this country that find that offensive
Oh I do hope that is so.

Graham is clearly running for cover rather than investigating treason in the White House.
Disrespectful and rude. He would not have done this to a male colleague. We will not forget.
Hope Pocahontas does run in 2020 but sadly she will probably be defeated in 2018 losing her Senate seat proving she's a loser!
I think voting Lindsey Graham out of office is long overdue, myself.
Regardless of motive, it's very convenient to mute someone criticizing "Jim Crow" lawmakers.
Every woman who has ever had a man raise his hand up to silence her in the work place saw you #wepersist
And You are Clearly looking to be out a Job VOTE HIM OUT #TheResistance #WeStandWithWarren
Lindsay "I am a hypocrite and none of my Gop ever friends did  that ha ha ha"
Where are the Republicans NOW with the Constitution? What happened to the first amendment?
Lindsey Graham needs to shut up now.He and McCain"their concerns" mean nothing when they vote.
Graham and McCain lip service in order to look reasoned yet always vote party line. Sad!
if she's all they have. By 2020 I say goodbye to the Commie DEMS !!!
U R deplorable, & pathetic, & voters will hold you accountable. Keep bragging, little man.
Boy, that woman-hating must be infectious.  You are catching it from Trump.  Get a shot!
Nevertheless, #shepersists. And some day all you old GOP RW extremists will be out on yr ear!
Silencing the truth and obscuring reality is the Republican's goal. Shameful and pathetic.
It must be difficult to be so frightened by intelligent women
#thestruggleisreal #ShePersisted
only thing long overdue is a @LindseyGrahamSC coming out statement #mansplain
- Sen. Graham. Really? I appreciate your occasional patriotism, but this is misogyny. #resist
if you wanted to rebuke someone it should have been that disgusting racist Sessions.
Graham is jealous.  He is also a chicken!  Chicken, chicken, chicken, and I mean chicken!
Was It long overdue with "HER"?  I am glad if @SenWarren is planning to run
good grief Lindsay you are boring.
We will remember this at reelection time. Nevertheless, #ShePersisted
You shouldn't be proud of this statement, Senator. Women will remember it. We remember everything.
Senator Graham, there's a call for you - the 1950s wants you back, sexist jerk.
.@Emma_Dumain Why should @elizabethforma be penalized even if what @lindseygrahamsc said is true? Double standards?

Would he do that against a male Senator?
@elizabeth Senator Warren was correct to present historical evidence. Unamerican GOP tries to silence dissent!
So "Senator" Graham thought the woman needed to be put in her place?  He needs to STFU
@LindseyGrahamSChttps://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3259988-Scott-King-1986-Letter-and-Testimony-Signed.html#document/p1
You don't.
acting like he, or you have some grand authority over Liz 2 tell her what she can & can't say8
time when the LAST thing the gop needs is more crap pr and problems with women, rather than /7
You should be rebuking Mitch for his disrespect of Warren and causing a giant PR mess at a /6
We simply will NOT stand for women being told to shut up and sit in the corner. 5/
frankly insulting. Booker, plainly running 4 nom. Same 4 Pence. No "rebuke" 4 the men tho. 4/
that sexist rebuke sure backfired, didn't it? GOP just made a big mistake. #ShePersisted
your own "rebuke" (again, she is a grown woman, also a senator) is not a good look and also,/3
themselves somehow superior. This was a terrible move, on its merits, and re PR. You adding /2
Women in this country are in NO MOOD to be lectured to or silenced by men who deem /1
doing something about that, rather than lecturing a grown woman senator doing her job? 2.
the GOP (and US) is under threat of being taken over by dictatorship. maybe focus on /1
she was well within the bounds of the rules.
it really sounds like a paternal lecture to an unruly little girl needing a ruler smack.
so what if she is? that's standard operating procedure. the tone of this quote is not cool.
In other words..."back to the kitchen with you, woman. don't speak until a man tells you to"
I can't believe you're proud of this comment, what does her future plans have to do with this?
We are not Russia yet. Senators still have the right to free speech last I checked.
You're proud of this Sen. Graham? Silencing her words was shameful on many levels.
And SC is long overdue to get rid of Reps who ignore their constituents. 2020 is coming, sir.
Which radio show, Emma? #attribution
Poor form @LindseyGrahamSC. @elizabethforma Please keep up the good work.
More hypocrisy from the TeaOP. No silencing of @tedcruz when he called @SenateMajLdr a liar.
and they just gave her a rallying cry. #DumpTrump
what a joke it was a panacea to the fat cats they have repealed every protective reg for
@Daniell30653742 @LindseyGrahamSC @elizabethforma Nice try, Lindsay. Are you? Because this sounds like it?
Nope. It's what WE, THE PEOPLE of MA elected her to do. @GOP threatened, but #ShePersisted
Wow! They just can't hide their disdain for powerful women that call them out on their shite!
Huh? So glad I'm not listening. You have said enuff sir
Meow, @LindseyGrahamSC, meow. Retract the claws, honey.
We can't have any uppity women trying to add legitimate criticism of a proven racist to record
I think standing against a racist objectionable to 1980s republicans is humane
hope he realizes how closely we're all paying attention. We won't forget, either.
whereas ted cruz, when he called mcconnell a liar, wasn't? #doublestandards #shameful
So she was rebuked for...the possibility she might run for office someday?? Wut.
she speaks for her constituents, why dont you want to hear want Americans have to say?
Sen. Graham occasionally realizes the elected GOP is full of nutjobs but he caves every time
. I wouldn't be proud of this statement Graham, made you look small.
she will get it too, and become the POTUS we need.
as was @SenTedCruz from 2012 on.  Where was his rebuke?  She was pink carded.  It was wrong.
@LoopEmma @LindseyGrahamSC @elizabethforma  F him.
