I agree but so far all you've done is talk. Ever going to do more than that? Also, back off our health care & leave our environment alone.
Back off of the FAILING healthcare ???? Really?  LOL
The only people who think it's failing are cultists who can only preach the gospel of fox. Guess we know what you are.

Why are there too many unknowns? Because Republicans fucking created them!!!
But yes, please continue defending the people who are working ever so hard to let people die so they can stick it to Obama.
Bingo. It's all about Obama envy. Trump cannot stand that he will never measure up. He throws tantrums over popularity like a three year old
Measure up to the worst President ever ??? LMAO!
So you need to put an end to special prosecutor and start investigating unmasking crimes.
There are ENOUGH FACTS to do right and charge Hillary & Co.! Get busy Sessions!
Who in your party will make the trip to visit trump and give him a civics lesson?
45 has threatened all: Congress for votes, Mueller, judicial x's so many, media, every balance of power! When are you and @GOP gonna ACT!
You are and have been FISHING for a year to PROSECUTE #Trump, and IGNORING a shitload of crimes committed by HRC! What are u talking about?
What's stopping you then?????
What about endless hearings against Hillary Clinton? That was a ridiculous display of political theater...cost tax money & hurt our country
You always put party over country at every turn. U just say empty words w/ no real convictions, ending healthcare is cruel. #saveACA #resist
The facts are Hilary belongs in jail- you’re too much of a coward to do that so trump supporters will vote you out of office!
That's nice talk.  How did the theft of a Supreme Court seat work out for you?
Trump didn't get that far in School House Rock!
Where was this opinion when the Obama administration used political motivation for prosecutorial decisions? I don't recall you protesting
Comey exceeded position FBI assumed AttyGeneral duty #Prosecution let Clinton slide #Justice claims no #Intent #DefiesEvidence evade #FOIA
Hey Miss Lindsey Graham, no one needs advice from your unethical self. You have been doing all the wrong things for decades

You will believe anything this POTUS says.
Don't even bother. It's a cult. A religion. They can go down with the ship while true Americans value the Constitution.
Sadly, I think you're right.
It's very sad. Ppl I've known 4ever r 45ers & they just dig in deeper. No more discussions & lots of heavy air where conversation used 2 b.
The sad part is the very thing you say about us is exactly how you all are with your side. And Graham runs anywhere the winds take him.
You r 100% right. Hence the divide. I know the truth,u know ur truth so what is there 2 do? I can't argue & name calling is dumb.
I don't have my own truth. Most people choose to accept "truths" that are soothing to their ears. & If a President is removed without votes?
Didn't he already do enough to be impeached?
What high crime or misdemeanor has he been charged with, Bob?
He will be soon.
Hillary first
Never happen.
FACT: Hillary Clinton DESTROYED subpoenaed evidence thats ILLEGAL! Could I do it? NO! Therefore she needs 2 be PROSECUTED like everyone else
The President should also be treated like everyone else. In fact he should be held to a higher standard. And has failed that standard.
He HAS BEEN! He's been scrutinized and attacked more than any other leader, and you still have NOTHING!!! That's harassment!
The investigation is not over yet!
You are right, it's not over. It will be interesting to see how it unfolds. I know I'll be watching closely.
Well....  the Republican party has shown that party over people and democracy is its priority. Very sad.
Since when.  You people are so biased it is sickening.  Say, didn't you tell your voters not to vote for you?  You may get your wish.
Oh, Okay.  You mean Lynch's meeting w/WJC, then Comey coming to conclusion we know HRC is guilty as h*ll, but we won't prosecute her?
oh sweetie, That ship sailed on nov 8
How about u defend your POTUS than against BASELESS PARTISAN WITCH HUNT Russia hoax/opposition research for 2020 paid for by US taxpayers?
We just leave all the liberals on Obamacare with no subsidies and no Medicaid.  Let the see the Obamacare we've lived with
You are sounding more like a liberal democrat than a conservative republican.
@LindseyGrahamSC Won't you please help us? We'd really like good healthcare like yours.
I agree... I also agree w people keeping their healthcare & so should you!
Then respectfully Senator, you and @VP should do your job and #InvokeThe25thNow @realDonaldTrump is clearly unfit to lead this country.
Sent. I am a USAF Vet. I get my health care thru VA and spouse through ACA why besides tax cuts for 1% are you intentionally working on
Trying to kill us. Why are you voting Monday to privatize VA. Why are you letting Trump destroy or country and democracy???
that.
Trump is just a mirror. As you vote for a bill without knowing the contents, reflect on the ethical emptiness of today's @GOP.
Bwahahahahha  Nancy said famously "We have to pass the bill to be able to see what's in it".  Hypocrite
Bwaaahaaa there was 9 months of debate hearings and CBO scores before Passage. Obama held Town Halls and took questions. No comparison
O care absolutely ruined health care in our country. ENOUGH! REPEAL!
Unfortunately the facts do not agree with you. Watch come up with a plan that will improve health care and I'll be on board
Apparently you are not listening to the FACTS. Obamacare is a failure PERIOD. We had great healthcare in this country before O destroyed it.
Facts? Or what you hear on Fox or Breitbart?
Dont worry, our president just told a bunch of boy scouts the opposite. Where is the rest of the @GOP?
Wasn't that sick?
Graham your talk is drip cheap.
How about actually standing up to Trump? You give a decent quote every now and then but then you support everything Trump asks for.
Really? Then how do you explain why Hillary was not prosecuted after Comey found a mountain of evidence!
Trump will never learn and his base doesn't care. When you let the far right outta the bag, they won't go back in...
Coming from a lifelong politician who believes himself & all his colleagues above the law.  Lifelong political elites don't care about facts
Yours or the American people put up or shut up Graham.  She broke the law and nothing happened. You hypocrite.
I think your healthcare vote may be worse
Remember what you said when it comes time for decision to impeachment.
This is why Sessions recused himself in the Clinton probe.  Get it?
Are you disappointed in the President's choice of words?
You're blind or biased if you haven't seen the FACTS Mr Graham. The evidence is overwhelming #SethRich #Benghazi #ClintonBodyBags #bleachbit
Then do something about it Lindsay. Stop hiding behind tweets & act to remove the abomination that is @realDonaldTrump from the White House
Then pls Senator take action. Trump is obstructing justice
That's not Trump law is it
Stop him now. His staunch supporters grow more and more violent with their rhetoric on here. It's very intimidating.  Please   stop. This.
All due respect, Senator...what are you going to do about it? Until you've u answer that question all of your tweets are lip service.
Remember that Senator
Uhhh ????   Okayyy. Pssst.  Hillary is crooked and needs to be investigated lindsey just FYI. @RealJamesWoods
Too bad you haven't been taking your own advice.
That doesn't fit with any Republican in Congress. Not a Dem, was a Republican. Left because of what is going on in the WH. GOP corrupted.
. JFC, man... this is a whole lotta rhetoric but where's the damn action?  Take a stand against @realDonaldTrump Let that be your legacy!
No one is listening.... it's the vote you cast that gives you away.
Your comment 4 seems to me to conflict w/ your comment 1
"A nation of laws"
We don't, as a nation, prohibit the prosecution of a Politician
All you do is talk @LindseyGrahamSC .  Show some spine one time. You say 45 is out of bounds. Act on it.
Sure, let Mueller and rosenstein that. They're total political hacks. Stand up for your potus. Stick with us and him. We're with trump!!!!
Sure. It's boils down that Mueller has Trumps Tax Returns and nothing more.
C'mon. Have a staffer shown you how to thread a tweet! Sheesh.
And I dont even like Trump either or most politicians and the lying media.
Hillary Clinton is not too big to jail. What she said during the campaign and what she DID to cover up crimes is enough to jail her.
Nice theory Mr #Graham. Clearly your #GOP comrades abandon ethical principles as they continue to endorse #tRUmp.

#resist #DonTheCon
Yeah you are correct. So what happen to Hillary who we had plenty of evidence on? I guess that rule of law only applies to Republicans.
Due process for all - then fry them;)
So according to Graham ur not allowed to prosecute law breakers as long as they are in politics. Glad u hate ur own constituents
Bless your heart. That's so darling of you. I'll have whatever you're smoking.
Well I hope you stand for that in practice..the time is coming when you will have to stand before the American people and do the right thing
And marijuana helps with countless maladies, and doesnt kill ANYONE? But you and Sessions claim it's more dangerous than heroin?
So... why dont you study the facts on alcohol and tobacco - kill millions each year, but legal? 2.
So too votes on the health care o American citizens
Absolutely!!
Where's the indictment for Comey leaking classified documents, if a sailor is serving time for taking a picture inside a sub, no difference
I believe @POTUS was talking about the facts that HRC broke numerous laws that have not been pursued, not that she was opponent
Ok I get that and agree but are you telling me that Sessions isn't racist? Is that integrity? Dunno bout that!  an independent that listens
Hey Graham - you're NUTS!  How many millions of dollars are you WASTING on the Russia bullshit?  Time to Make America Great AGAIN.  Hop on!
or greed #investigateGOP
And an out of control, illegal POTUS shud be impeached but....
Oh be quiet. You are USELESS
When a GOP Senator like McCain and you start getting more support from the extreme left, you need to consider resigning.
Tell me then, Why are you not screaming out against this Russian BS. This collusion crap is a farce with no real facts to apply?  Grow up!
Trump isn't hiding his motivation! He is trying to save his lying, money grubbing,traitorous hide!!!
Also, why is team Hillary doing the special prosecutor investigation? Why is politics involved in Russia investigation at all?
I agree- so why did Comey use Pros discretion in Hillary "matter"? Why was politics involved in that? Why dint republicans investigate that?
what about just an investigation? They may or may not lead to prosecution
Save us.
Not sure what you've been watching, but at minimum Clinton committed perjury. Observed with own eyes/ears. Govt is NOT get out of jail free.
So Y is evidence ignored,buried,bleach bitted,hammered? Y so many suicided? Y surveillance breaches & unmasking accepted?
My God do something then!!!!
Oh well then, did you ever tell Obama this or was THAT different? Hypocrite.
And HRC/BHO aren't being investigated, why?
Health & wellness of ppl should be based on applying facts to best medical practices NOT POLITICAL MOTIVATION! U failed ur country
Well then , do something!!!
Talk is cheap Senator!
You're too subtle for Trump. Be clearer and firmer!
Convince Congress of that please
It's  ur job 2 make sure rule of law 's respected. Not  2help&support international inference in our electoral system and those responsible
If someone told me a few years ago that I would ever agree with u, I wouldn't have believed it. Glad to hear your words today. Take action!!
Thank you!
#NoSalute45
The American people must see that no one is above the law &it applies equally to all-Clintons must b investigated 4 their payto play schemes
Sir.  Take a depth breath, pick up the phone and call POTUS. Even if he doesn't listen, you can then have the self-assurance that you tried.
Maybe stop telling us and have yourself a heart to heart with POTUS?  someone needs to educate him on what a democracy is.
Spineless when it comes to Trump! You are failing the country you serve!!!
Can't believe I'm on Lindsey Grahams side sorry Mr. Graham
And Party should not interfere with justice !
@sengraham2016 You are an intelligent man. You know your party has derailed & YOU don't agree w/ it. #dotherightthing #CountryOverParty
Our Party is the track + #TrumpTrain ! #DEMS are the flailing Party! Laughed like heck over #BetterWay desperation! #MAGA YEARS! We WIN!
Trumpguzzlers are traitors. I hope when all shakes out they follow their cult leader and defect to mother russia.
Lol... Feeling a little triggered dear #GOPtraitor?
Where did you go to law school? Obviously you missed some classes.
The Politics are over now!! Time for charges to be brought against CRIMINAL HRC! The FACTS are, she broke the law and should be charged!!
AMERICANS are tired of #DEMS not abiding our laws + NO penalty! #DNC cries #Russia hacked + REFUSES still to turn over devices! Subpoena!
Rather than tweet, you, as senior US Senator, should have a face-to-face with your president. you put him there, you should deal w/it.
NO CRIME when Mueller was appt'd. Why didn't you complain about political motivation then? This BS investigation is ILLEGAL!!! You are gone
Obviously there was. Just because the public was not privy to it doesnt mean the evidence of crime doesnt exist.
Not true try again. You crybabies make me ill. 30 states, more than 3/4's of all counties. Give it up. We Won
He is a criminal and a traitor. Its so disturbing that #Cult45 who claim to  the US think they won by electing a traitorous lech.
Excuse me????? Obama was a criminal and a traitor. Hillary is a criminal. Spare me. I love the US and thank GOD every single day for Trump!
Hopefully God is compassionate to those who sided with the beast, climbed into a ship w/ russia,$,church & politics and elected traitortrump
Right Lindsey...Why you #GOPe RINOS & @your #liberal cohorts need to STOP your politicized #RussianCollusion investigation & actually WORK!
The FACTS are, Hillary broke the law, she is a CRIMINAL! You know it, we know it! Please explain your statement! Nobody is above the law!!
Agreed but this is currently a fact free White House
Ahem Clinton impeachment.
Don't tell us it is unacceptable. Show us. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Blah, blah, blah. You clutch your pearls, make a nice little speech and then toe the party line every time. #PutUpOrShutUp
Agree. So when is the DOJ going to apply the facts from the criminal Clinton enterprise to the law.
And you have oversight of the Judiciary process. Use it! 
Why is this so hard. The Constitution gives you the right. Get to it!
#FireMueller
Agree did you see that done over last 8 yrs by Holder or LYNCH.We should be after all in IRS, HRC & her friends&family of thieves do it now
Please please vote no. Save our healthcare, save our country. End this nightmare please. @GOP=gov't of Putin. @SenateGOP #ACA #KillTheBill
#RepealACA + #GovtOutOfHC or you'll be replaced by #MAGA Agenda supporters @ #Midterms ! @LindseyGrahamSC along w/ALL non- @POTUS supporters
How trump can actually #MAGA
1) Resign immediately
2) Defect to Mother Russia like a whipped dog
3) Keel over of a heart attack
Even if it's your colleagues?
Maybe you could care as much about the awful MTP as you do about fake DJT outrage. You have the opp to help millions. Do it
Lotta talk. No action.
This is the Trump pattern: 
1 charm, 4 approval, then
2 bully (Comey, ), then
3 denigrate (Schiff, Heller, Sessions, press..)
4 lawsuit
If you're "For" #CommonSense , I suggest you get some! Your parents failed you!
Were your parents cousins?
Pathetic. Can't even come up with your own insults. Have to weakly try to turn MY clever remark into your own. #fail  #LOSINGALLDAYLONG
So when are you and the rest of the gop going to start doing that? You've been politicizing everything for over 8 years.
Maybe time to rein in your party leader?
Time for ALL @SenateGOP to support @POTUS + our AGENDA or they'll be booted out along with @SenateDems 4 #MAGA #Supermajority @ #Midterms !
I hope they do... Support him all the way to prison for the #ROA. #LockThemAllUp #TraitorTrump #GOPistheYallQaeda #GOPareTerrorists
Why was #BubbaOnBoard? You may be AFRAID of Bubba, but we're not.
Sen. Graham is a very funny man.
Medical decisions should be made by providing easy and affordable access to healthcare
Which is no doubt what Mueller is doing & why trump feels he has to be stopped. Amazing what he's finding based on trump's hysteria!
Your tweets are not the same as action, sir!!! We are getting tired of your empty words!
Democracy is hanging by a thread. Please follow your conscience.
Which naturally begs the question, will you apply the same principle to our current president as you did in Jan. 1999

And Congress is supposed to be a check on the Executive. Nothing is working as it should under this President. #doyourjob
Trump is very creepy in wanting to give HRC the Joan of Arc treatment. what country ate we living in now. wants to politicize the BSA.
Hmm, doesn't seem that was case at all during the last admin  Could this be partly the reason Trump won
Political motivation is past. If she committed a crime, that should be investigated fully and justice served!
Great, so now do something.  Repubs must do something to stop this maniacal administration.
@IngrahamAngle @HeyTammyBruce Why are some Repubs protecting Hillary and Obama when laws were clearly broken?
We're all pretty numb to your empty words. Give it up, Senator.
Clearly we need a #NewSCSenator.  Hillary is rife with scandal and laws were broken. Others went to jail for less. Why are u protecting her?
Your decision on healthcare today should also be based on applying facts- facts that premiums & deductibles will , while # of insured !
Tell that to Vlad's puppet currently trying to play POTUS. The rest of us patriots actually know that already. DO SOMETHING. GROW TESTICLES.
Did you speak of these words when @billclinton boarded Lynch's plane to for 30 minutes to discuss Hillary's prosecution? You did not. #MAGA
Illegal Email Server, Bleach Bit, Hammering Phones, Uranium 1, WJC Speaking Fee quid pro quo? All should be investigated and prosecuted.
Did Hillary and company follow the law? No.
Wish u would step into the leadership vacuum your party faces.
And what action are you prepared to take in the event they become politicized?
@LindseyGrahamSC   Just like Comey did with Hillary! You are a hypocrite.
I have no faith in your resolve to do anything to defend the rule of law.That people of SC have any faith in you shows how gullible they are
Please hold this president accountable!
She used bleach bit and the FBI smashed the phones with a hammer! Are you Ill?
Ummm, Have you been FOLLOWING this Russia Investigation? Seriously?
Well then make sure this doesn't happen. It's your job.
@LindseyGrahamSC please don't take away our healthcare. I'm chronically ill as is my mom/little sister. Don't take kids healthcare away!
When will you stop bloviating and actually do something to stop the madman on Pennsylvania Avenue?! You & your whole party are complicit!
THANK YOU SENATOR!!!
You have issues too. Why are u afraid 2 act & stop the lip service? What dirt does trump-pUtin have? We will find out & u won't fair well.
Okay, you're talking the talk; when will you walk the walk and actually DO something about this???
This president is an embarrassment to our country
Tweeting about it doesn't do a damn thing. Get off your ass and DO SOMETHING!
But you got no problem voting to take away health insurance from millions.
Got it. You're "concerned." Now go do what you do EVERY time and fold like a house of cards. Coward.
Please apply this to voting as well. Millions, including me will lose health insurance if you repeal Obamacare. Work to improve it.
DO SOMETHING!!! We're tired of words. DO SOMETHING!!! We're tired if complicity. DO SOMETHING TO REMOVE THIS MANIAC FROM OFFICE. #IMPEACH
Pllease educate the POTUS as he obviously has no idea and will bring your party down if you and other men of character don't do something.
With your weird thinking, HRC could have committed murder, but God forbid POTUS should order an investigation.  Think about it.
Sen. Graham, which side of the pol. fence r u on today? U cannot deny T. is unstable, unfit & unworthy of being Pres. Y won't u impeach him?
Hollow words unless you include @POTUS in your tweets. Scared or just a Weakling?
Time for impeachment. Don't allow Trump to fire Mueller. Let justice work'
Agree completely but recognize you let this fox into the henhouse and haven't cared until he came after your hens. We need bipartisan action
How do you want to be remembered in history? When will a Republican inform the emperor he has no clothes??
I made the same comparison (emperor) to my husband last night!  History will not be kind to those who ignore.  Enough is enough. #ActNow
Talk is cheap!
For trump,it's all about him!He doesn't care about rule of law or facts! It's time to step up to the plate! He's destroying our democracy!
Prosecutorial decisions should be based on violations of law, not a witch hunt for political purposes! #supportourPOTUS
Words, words, words
