BREAKING: Supreme Court will review Trump travel ban, allows it to take effect in most instances.
Could the investigation not have begun without all the court battles - now will you begin "figuring out what the hell is going on"?
Trump's administration is the most corrupt one that I've seen in my lifetime. Shameful.
Even though I mostly disagree with your politics @LindseyGrahamSC, I thought you had integrity. I guess I was wrong.
@LindseyGrahamSC remember when you called @realDonaldTrump "a race baiting xenophobic bigot?" Do you still think so?
So what's in it for you for sucking up to the Donald?
Trump supplies weapons to terrorists - feel safe?
They didn't affirm it. They're going to rule on it in October, and they will rule against it.
You're a miserable excuse for a patriot. Move on.
Honestly senator are you starting to lie also ? Should the NYT 's put together things you say ? This is a Total waste of the courts time!
What about Saudi?  The Sunni country that produces most radicalized terrorists??? Think and read Lindsey
That's true about ext.vetting but that has really been happening for yr's.......Yes don't count on either the WH or the Big fat liar.
What abt: "EO sends signal America does not want Muslims coming 2 our country. EO may do more help terrorist recruit than improve security.”
If it was such a priority, why has WH done nothing these last months to fix what they needed to fix? Needed short term ban to fix? Liars
@AP would this ban of yours prevented 9/11?


Remember Senator Graham - this isn't the travel ban he wanted. He wanted the one that shut out even people with green cards & visas!  #MAGA?
Funny they are only countries without having properties or financial ties to #Fake45. It's been 6mos nothing happened, so you were saying?
Six 'at-risk' that never had a single terrorist attack on US?
But not the one behind 9/11?   Makes one curious why he left it off?  Oh that's right.  He makes $$$ there.  Not about safety at all.  #SAD
Senator Graham, you do realized you used @realDonaldTrump instead of @POTUS in order acknowledge your President?  That is SAD!
Sir, you have become the biggest tool, so disappointing. As Saudi Arabia not on the list, calling those other countries "at-risk" is absurd!
And I don't believe in trickle down economics.  It doesn't work.
So glad you're happy. That's all that matters!!
Graham says "It is right 2 band people from the country based on ethnicity,religion,or race"
If it were any other President. I don't trust Trump, everytime I try to see him in a different light he TWEETS something stupid.
Not Saudi Arabia? Trump is a great ISIS recruiter.
Ludicrous.
Why are you so GOP before country and state??? So sad you are back on Trump Punch. Remember campaign, your phone number incident?
I am so sick of this paranoia.  I am 10x more afraid of rednecks from SC with all kinds of assault weapons.
Which will do nothing to guarantee the safety of the country.
It was not an affirmation. It was life support.
Why not coy tries he owns hotels? Saudi, turkey
Shame on you. You and your hateful kind won't win. America is better than that. History will remembered you both as villains. SAD! PATHETIC!
Sellout
Yeah all those terrorist came pouring in while it was on hold.
I post a list of your donors, because you don't value votes. There are no political consequences to your cowardly representation of my state
You only value the money of big donors like @Boeing @BMWGroup @scegnews. They allow you to strip us of healthcare protections.
Saudi Arabia is not among them. Could it be because he does business with them. Just cuz they supplied the 9/11 terriorists doesn't count.
You don't know where you stand, do you? Being on both sides of the fence makes you look weak.
Not going to work....
Well good thing lol if he was serious the 90 days past he would have done something already. It became a ego thing not to protect us.
To paraphrase Forrest Gump's mom, cowardly is as cowardly does.
Saudi Arabia did 9/11
Why did he have to wait on a ban to implement "extreme vetting?" Not sure POTUS knows what vetting is.   Sad.
And why isn't Saudi Arabia on that list? Because @realDonaldTrump does business with them? Save yourself Senator Graham: do the right thing.
Shame on you.
You used to have integrity and credibility. Whatever Trump promised you, be assured he won't deliver it. #LyingTrump.
Come on Senator! Why are you openly endorsing a lying, idiotic, racist? I thought you were better
Yea Lindsey, without that 90 days, which took more than 90 days, how would the genius trump figure out more vetting procedures?
"extra vetting" is like more pregnant.
Aren't you a lawyer? If so, you might want to go to a BAR review class and get a refresher...they punted until October
Yes but now you won't be able to get that wedding cake Lindsey.
Please get some balls and stop supporting DJT!!
It wasn't about NOT allowing extra vetting. You've had time to get that in place. This is a religious BAN.
What must it be like to live/associate with Libs who don't want to err on the side of caution for their country's safety?
In the time since the EO was put on hold, what work was done to complete the 90 day study that the EO wanted?  Work WAS being done, right???
You disgust me.
Actually, it didn't affirm the ban. Read the opinion.
Should have been done decades ago...
Mr loyalty lunch is all in . Will u pledge allegiance to Russia when he asks u too? #sorry4u
Define how extreme vetting can have extra vetting. We know this isn't about safety or in the best interests of the U.S.
Why?  What does this do in any practical way to make use safer than the existing process?
Not an affirmation but a partial lifting of the stay for future hearing. Hope that koolaid you're drinking is delicious
Unanimous decision! Shouldn't have exempted relatives - remember San Bernadino?
Shouldn't the review of the vetting process been underway since January?
How can I tell this is in bad faith?

The temporary ban was planned for 90 days so White House could review vetting. It has been 90 days.
We don't need illegal immigrants to destroy this country. Trump and his minions in DC are doing a great job all by themselves.
Selling your soul to Satan won't bode well. You WILL have to answer one day. $$ b4 people? I will pray for you. Hell awaits.
Hasn't he been extra vetting them anyway?
Thank you for supporting my President!
@LindseyGrahamSC YOU ARE NOW COMPLICIT with Trump. I once respected you. No more .....
You've become another minion of this horrible man.  So ashamed that you are my senator.
Not cool, Lindsay. Not cool at all.
umm... no just a narrow part of his "watered down ban." You don't need to stroke his ego. He only needed it for 90 days. That's past.
Honest question: Why do we need an EC asking for 90 days of suspended immigration...150 days after it was written?
Wasn't supposed purpose needing time 2 review policies? Were the DHS/DOJ etc just playing hacky sack & solitaire waiting for courts to rule?
How far up trumps ass are you Lindsey?
If the ban was for 120 days in order to put new procedures and safeguards in place, are they?  Seems like we are well past 120 days now.
OMG, ur SO letting down Charleston gal! U know better than most USA does "extreme vetting" already! Sen., ur job is voice reason-where r u?!
The whole Trump administration needs more vetting.
You acted as if you weren't, but we knew you were a Deplorable all along, Senator.
@AP Oh me, too.  and so glad Saudi Arabia is exempt from ban. Great.
What about the rest of the country Lindsey?  You serve only Trump fools and to heck with everyone else.  Shame on you!
You become more disgusting by the minute with your white man bigotry. Are you finally getting paid by #RUSSIA too? @GOP on Russian payroll
In Qatar but in Saudi Arabia and other countries aligned against Qatar. When are you going to speak out about this?
All countries that Trump does not have business interests. Take the Qatar crisis. Not exactly a coincidence that Trump does not have
Total BS!  Trump is more of a danger to this country than anyone from either of these countries.
Are you also glad to see Trump using House to kill senate Russia sanctions bill? Nothing to see right?
Scotus has agreed to hear the case. Most parts stay in place until final ruling.
Except the Saudis. You know, where actual attacks came from.
Your also a traitor to your country we should have banned US when they funded IRA !!! But we are 1000 times clever than that.
Wow every other court ruled against it. Glad Gorsuch swore to be impartial. #CorruptGOP
What are Trump exteme vetting prodcedures. He hasn't put out anything other than what was done by Obama Administration. You sir are a JOKE.
What about the other 'at risk' countries like Saudi Arabia?  You know...where actual terrorists that attacked America came from???
Nobody blocked extra vetting. They blocked his 90 day travel ban. 90 days is up. Do we have extreme vetting yet?
Nice to see you still have traitor 45s back. Do something about domestic terrorists. The real threat in our country along with gun violence
Been looking for a reason to unfollow you. Thanks for giving me that reason. You're an inept leader, Mr. Graham.
I have no doubt that there are many miseries you inflict on people that make you gleeful .
You are all racists. You proved it with Obama and now muslims
How does anyone in DC justify that most terrorist attacks R home grown & not from those countries on their way to attack us? It's confusing.
They "affirmed" nothing! They allowed part of the EO to take effect while agreeing to hear arguments on the entire Muslim Ban.
meanwhile; Americans killing Americans is much more dangerous than those countries.
So tell me what would have been prevented by this ban.There have been no terrorists from these countries.Why not Saudis?Egypt? Remember 9/11
Travel ban: 120 days
Trump in office: 157 days

If there was a true insufficiency in our screening, it should have been identified and fixed
Sorry, but these types of tweets look like you are sucking up to DJT....and I'm a republican!
yet that list still doesn't include Saudi Arabia, where the majority of the sept 11 terrorists came from. curiouser and curiouser, indeed.
Senator Graham, the american people would like you to have Trumps back like you would any other GOP president. Stop caring about MSM!
Hey! How many properties does Trump own in those six countries? None! No 'risk' to his bottom line!
That's not what "at-risk" means! No wonder you're so bad in dealing with "at-risk" Americans. 
Senator, I know you're a lawyer, but isn't your statement about 'affirming' the second order an overstatement? Not all and not yet.
Remind me how many terrorists have come to the US from those countries? #disgrace
I have lost all respect for you. Your stance on AHCA and this is unconscionable and mean
The Scotus is not done with the case. It hardly is affirming Trump's ban. As an elected official, you have violated your oath.
Glad to see you standing behind the people choice @POTUS
Vote NO for #Trumpcare, Americans deserve affordable healthcare.
I guess stealing the SCOTUS seat worked out for the treasonous xenophobes. Great.
You're a pathetic joke Lindsey. Just another @GOP trying to screw over the American ppl.
You're scapegoating predominately Muslim countries to draw attention from a destructive and unpopular domestic agenda. We're not dumb.
Wouldn't want to disappoint your sugar daddy, would you?
They are "at risk" only because he doesn't have business interests there.
What special rules to vet has he implemented....aside from his ban?   Did he actually think about it over the last months?
And exactly what is this new vetting?
But not the ones responsible for 9/11. Why is that Lindsey?
At risk countries?   Does that include USA. This administration is putting us at risk
I thought you would have added Saudi Arabia to the list
But they've had 5 months to come up with some sort of extra vetting have have done nothing.
Where is Saudi? Did they give you and Don a lot of dough for your campaign?
Don't vote for the insurance bill. 6 month penalty 4not being able to afford insurance within 2 months of losing job etc is double punishmt
We already do extreme vetting.
So how is the review going?  There was plenty of time to get that done.
I am thinking can we ban bankrupt Don? He still has not paid back the government.
Ban him heck!  He should be in jail for the rest of his life!  Along with his whole cabinet and family!  Lock HIM up!
I don't think So. Carolina is in imminent danger of invasion.
Pity hes exempting countries where he has strong business interest and no attempt to protect us from the christian zealots
It's a sad day for America. A sad week. As sad year. My God who have we become?! I hope you go down with the rest of the traitors.
Yeah, it's still a Muslim ban.
Did we really need a SCOTUS ruling for extra vetting?
But @realDonaldTrump wants to go with the first one...
But the 90 days to review vetting is past. Did Trump figure it out yet? Have you figured it out? I'm pissed and frustrated by all this BS
What about Russia? Why do the super rich need a huge tax cut?
Shame on you Lindsey... you should know this has nothing to do with safety.
#Complicit party over people
When is trump going to start extreme vetting the people in his administration?
Where is the ban on Saudi Arabia and Pakistan?
Lol! You guys will dive at any scraps and loudly brag. It's a very limited thing.
it allowed some but not all of the ban to take effect.   told trump hes had his 120 days of review and to move on.
What about Saudi Arabia, where 15 of the 19 9/11 hijackers came from. Oh, right, Trump has business there.
@AP Extreme vetting or ban on travel?
YEP, but especially pleased SCOTUS has "RE-EMPHAZISED" @POTUS Constitutional authority -Detractors & leaders are out of control-SICKENING!
They did NOT affirm the complete order. stop misleading
Now we see the ass you lick. No patriots left
You're a neocon who helped destabilize the countries on the ban list and force people to immigrate from. Sad.
We need to use 'extreme vetting' on all the old white men criminals, traitors and money laundering mobsters out of our government.  
those countries are "at-risk" of never having a Trump hotel built in them
Glad you can see, I'm happy for you. While the rest of America isn't allowed to see Press Briefings. Welcome to Russia Lindsey!!
you are disappointing me man!
Most terrorists are domestic. The call is coming from inside the house, Lindsey! Don't pretend to be naive.
How's that 90-day trial period thing going? You know, the one that would give the admin time to work out kinks - 'cept they've done NOTHING?
Really? You are? Why?
Seems moot after all this time, but it never hurts to pucker up to @Potus to make him feel good.
I am so disappointed with makes you A party to #Trumpdictatorship
But the 90 days Trump needed to "see what's going on" have passed. No need for it now, right? Where's his report? Have you asked for it?
This!!!!

I say this a lot. Jesus was not American.
Extra vetting?
It's a Muslim ban Senator....call it what it is.  9-11 hijackers primarily came from Saudi Arabia but Trump does business there so....
So.... Obama left them off of his same list as a favor to Trump. Got it. 
Ignorance at it's finest.  Read something and educate yourself. Obama put travel restrictions on Iraqis after a specific threat.
Obama Administration identified same SEVEN countries. You are the ignorant one who should read something to educate yourself.
Start with THIS  from LAST WEEK! 
Dear Supreme Court,

ISIS is the de facto government in Iraq & Syria. ~ ACLU in a recent court filing.

…
What about the countries that are actually terrorist countries. Like Saudi, Pakistan and others. Misses a few
Who will vet the domestic terrorists aka angry white male shooters?
This country is being destroyed by Trump. And you are complicit. Shameful.
Except Saudi Arabia isn’t on that list because they put Trumps face on a building. It doesn’t increase any security and is a joke.
Jeez Lindsey, have you forgotten your legal training?  They did not AFFIRM anything.  I know it's Twitter, but come on.
Honestly, you would think a member of Congress would have at least a baseline understanding of how the Supreme Court works.
He knows. He's just playing to the masses.  He's emulating Trump's tweeting style.
no pretty girls or BMWs?
Except for people with family or bonafide ties to the US. Aka nearly everyone who travels from those places.
What exactly makes these particular countries “at-risk”?
Here's me getting the chance to use the word "lickspittle". Shame on you.
