Wars are started by Republicans...
How about we stop the Nutjob in  1st?
There's not much evidence that Trump can handle something like this.  None, in fact.
It's a serious condition, actually. People have said, very important people, that #MAGA is more addictive and destructive than heroin. Sad!
With all due respect, sir, there are Dems such as myself who look for a pragmatic voice on GOP side. Put pressure on China to control NK.
Regarding the wall, there is already a large fence, and they have been using aerostats for decades. So you are proposing no change.
Pretty sure they already have one
@realDonaldTrump is the real nutjob who is not only destroying this country but is eager to destroy other countries too
What are you going to do about the "nut job" in OUR White House?
Which nut job? Ours or theirs?
Sooo you are saying this with the dems that are in office. They are all wack jobs SMDH
Is he going to accomplish this with a naval armada to Australia? What's the strategy? Maybe you should ask Jimmy Carter for help.
I pray a staffer is writing your tweets, @realDonaldTrump is a nut job!!!
Still, you'll never convince Kim to suddenly become moral. The military option will be even worse than the existing NK humanitarian crisis
@jacobpramuk@CNBC It's difficult to tell the nutjobs apart even after your meeting Lindsey?
You say this after he just displayed his full ignorance on NK to Xi & the rest of the world? #Impeach our nutjob. Earth is worth saving.
@indivisible_sc Lindsay - Still supporting Prez Nutso do whatever he wants? What about #Trumprussia investigation? Hope ur seat *ka-boom*
Great. The Nutjob in W̶a̶s̶h̶i̶n̶g̶t̶o̶n̶ Mar-a-Lago is going to defend us from the Nutjob in No. Korea
#NeedACompetentLeader
#TrumpRussia
Who is going to stop the nut job sitting on top of the nukes in the US? You? You haven't done anything yet except talk.
Yeah... and how is the nutjob in Washington going to keep the nutjob in N. Korea from doing that? Oh, that's his secret, right?
This coming from one insane leader meaning Trump who started this shit and made it worse with insane tweets he put us all in danger
I beg you, stop encouraging our nut job. Please, get your principles back, you know Trump is an idiot. Please Senator before he starts a war
Who will stop nutjob Trump from sending a missile?
What is the status on legislation to break up the ninth district court?
Come on Lindsey you know Trump is as nuts as the other nutjob  so it comes down to who has the balls to stop our nutjob
I hope you're right but-how will he stop him?
He already is on so many things!
Like the wrong side of his gender?

@LindseyGrahamSC when are you going to come out? It's okay, we're a sex-positive society now.
Thank you Lindsey!! Keep up the good work!
You mean the narcissistic, serial liar who happens to be POTUS is not going to allow.....
Easy there friend
So now you're also tweeting like a lil kid?
Really? and how is he going to do that? By threatening the nutjob into bombing us anyway? They're both loose cannons and we're all scared!
Dueling  nutjobs is not a great option, can we get Obama back until the GOP finds someone sane to put in the WH?
And what is Kim going to do with the nutjob in the WH 
Umm. @realDonaldTrump is also a NUT JOB. #TrumpRussia #russiagate #resist #TheResistance.
Which is exactly why he despises the media, accountability, and all that taped material...
But what is going on with the Russian investigation since every one is fully aware of the Trump tactics used previously to distract?
And hmmmmm. Let's guess what Putin's stance is on this distraction from the #TrumpRussia investigation
I can't believe u Senator Graham have taken a gallon swig of the Trump kool side! Shame on you for turning you back on America
Yeah? How's that going to play exactly?
How , exactly, will he make sure this doesn't this happen?
How much money are you planning to make from this?
#trumpcolluded #impeachTrump
How do you prevent nut jobs from doing anything?
Thought about using soft power? And I'd like to deal a final blow to N. Korea's nukes, but from a stable leader. I'd rather wait.
Worse still is that they have submarine launched missiles that don't have to travel very far to reach a US city.
Agree. Let's start a war now. How about you go first vs lead from behind. Tell us, what do you propose
You ought to be MORE concerned w/Russia interfering in DEMOCRATIC process and possible trump collusion. Silence on that.THE people won't be.
If u let 45 near the button he will get us killed. No trust in this president!
So what is the plan to stop him? #talktalktalk
While you're at it, please stop the nut-job in the White House.
two nut jobs with nuclear missiles: What could possibly go wrong?
They're both dangerous nut jobs. And you all know it. So do something about it. #ImpeachTrump
Lindsey, who is going to stop the nut job with the bad haircut that runs our Country?  That is what you and the Senate are for, REMEMBER?
Senator Graham, I am not reading much praise at all for your accomplishments. When is the last time you put SC BEFORE GOP?
Oh, sure.
Sure he will, like all the other things he said he would. Like no other pres has tried, including both Bush pres.
How was dinner Monday? Glad you and @SenJohnMcCain dined with @realDonaldTrump #cooperation #IronSharpensIron #reasonablerepublicans #Wisdom
Says the "nutjob" who wants to shoot down Russian planes and who's ready to go to what would be a planet earth destroying war with them.
So you don't think the nut job in DC is going to play nice with the nut job in NK?
Very professional tweet.  Perhaps a more measured and mature tone would be appropriate when you are talking about nuclear war.
You are talking in code and really referring to the "New Sheriff" in town, right?  Your losing credibility fast Linds.
What you say may be true HOWEVER, calling names inflames the siuation. You are better than this. Don't use trump as a model.
Too late...
Good! We sure don't want some unhinged narcissist lobbing missiles at anyone he gets angry with.
You used to be one of the grownups in the room Senator.  What happened?
Said the nutjob about the nutjob who is threatening the nutjob. You're clearly a classy guy with Americas best interests in mind.
I thought you were actually standing up and looking out for the American people there for awhile Sen. Graham. Guess I was wrong.
Who is going to control the "nut-job" we have here. Really how can you support this vile womanizing man.
You have become the poster boy for desperate politicians who care about themselves and their party more then they care about our country.
You misspoke, Lindsey, the nut job is here in America. We are the unhinged and dangerous country. It's us!
@realDonaldTrump is just as big of a #nutjob. Scary times! Senator, how about you call for an #IndependentInvestigationNow? #TrumpRussia
ELOQUENT
No he is going to ruin America on his own
What about the nutjob in the WH though??!!
He's going to strike a real estate deal to open a Trump Tower in Pyongyang? #TrumpLies
but please, let's be smart about it. Doubtful calling names helps.
So stupid sending F35 to Estonia ,do you know they are training tool for Russian radars on Border and Kaliljingrad

Smooth move – US Air Force had a RC-135U Combat Sent spotting RU radar signals while those F-35As visited Ämari AB. 
Track via @CivMilAir 
Big words.. but no plan.
You and McCain be the voice of reason with DT
How's the nutjob in the WH going to stop the nutjob in NK, genius? Do tell. We're already not winning the nutjob square off.
Haven't heard any semblance of a plan yet.
Just make sure you and Senator McCain are there to lead our petulant President.
are you suggesting preemptively striking a sovereign nation? I'm OK with that, I just want to be clear that is what you two intend to do.
Senator, how do you propose POTUS does that?  Its fine for you to "say" that it wont happen, but a plan for preventing it is another mattter
So, a nut job will stop a nut job? Two nut jobs = a BAD DEAL!
Let's put our nutjob on this right away.
War with North Korea is gonna fuck this world over and fuck it in the rear before you can even step foot in NK. Good luck with that...
And who is going to stop our nutjob senile POTUS from getting us into an unnecessary and disastrous war? Try sanctions for Christs sake.
Frankly I'm more worried about the nutjob in D.C.
Congrats; you sound just as unhinged as the nutjob in the WH.
I'm more worried about the nutjob in the White House. He's doing more to destroy America than N. Korea ever could.
Bad mistake to think Kim is a nutjob. It's a diagnosis that could lead US to a serious miscalculation.
Graham being as complicit as the rest of the @GOP . Less talk & more action! #FollowTheMoney #Treason
What's this mean? Another war? That's about the only way to stop them. Are you ok with that?
Trump is a nut job - they're like freaking twins
Bluster is easy, planning is harder.
Please, @LindseyGrahamSC don't let @POTUS do anything. He's not up to the challenge
Hopefully, he doesn't take a lot of advice from our S Car. Nut job.
WE HAVE FAITH IN THIS!
Nutjob Drumpf isn't going to do a thing. TG for our military who will know to do. #invokethe25th
I don't think any president past or present would
Pay no mind to the sheep below. As you can see, no original thoughts. Just copying Maddow's usual line of libtard idiocy. Fight the fight!
please rewatch your daily show appearance b4 election. When u were shootin pool  You've drank the kool-aid. Need a reboot.
@realDonaldTrump IS colluding with Putin, Edrogan et al, engage in conflicts of interest, violate Emmoulments clause and destroy our planet.
And North Korea is not going to let the Nutjob in the White House back it into a corner. Call off your dog senator.
And we're not letting WH nutjob take us to war to cover up treason!  @All100Senators @realDonaldTrump
Nutjob in DC vs Nutjob in NK.  God help us all
Donald Trump isn't going to do shit because he doesn't have a fucking clue about anything and lies about everything else.
Trump is also a nutjob...two nutjobs in charge of our fate..not a pretty picture
What about the nutjob in the White House that is destroying the US currently?
But you let the nutjob in the White House have all the conflicts he wants like pushing his business's on state dept web site
Our Nutjob President seems intent on provoking the Nutjob North Korean into killing us all.
warmongers hoping for war right here. profit from owning stock in missle companies.
Really. Like we couldn't shoot it down
We knew House Intel was a partisan circus. Seems Senate side, caught same illness. We need an independent investigation re Trump-Russia now!
Keep embracing your Russian operative president you're swimming with scum.
U attack NK u will sign death warrant of millions of SK. Seoul is 30 miles South from DMZ 1000s of artillery pieces. Is this OK with GOP?
Get the nutjob out of White House before u get us all killed! There are no winners in a nuclear war.
He'll destroy South Korea to prevent that
Lindsey, honey, until u r ready to join up and go into combat, u need to stop playing at war.
What on earth gives you this kind of faith in Trump's capabilities, either as a person or a leader?
Why should the POTUS be the only nutjob allowed to have nuclear weapons? Have you asked yourself that?
Senator Graham, when did you start calling foreign leaders nutjob? It must be that Trump leadership showing you the way.
You are playing games with ALL our lives  and have no shame.  You are an example of what is wrong with our government.
#russiagate #russiagate #russiagate #russiagate #russiagate #russiagate Your diversions aren't working.
Russia. Don't let the nukes distract from the real issue. Russia. Russia. Russia.
But Trump may gin up war on Korean Peninsula. Seoul could be destroyed.
Could you share the evidence you've found that gives you this confidence. Terrified Americans want to know.
What about the Republican nutjobs in the US Senate and the one in the White House?
Really is he willing to go to war to stop him? Anyone???
Pretty sad state of the world that we are depending on one nutjob to control another
@DavidWright_CNN glad you're so into the macho thing. Many of us are looking for diplomacy (backed up by sensible defense).
That worked so well for the last 8 years. That is why the world is on the brink of disaster. Can't be scared of your own shadow and hope
Hey Lindsey, this isn't breaking news or anything, but our president is also a nut job. BTW....refusing to provide docs to HOC...hmmm
Two nut jobs walk into a bar....talking about agent orange and nuclear weapons is the worst joke on mankind
The problem is, you have a nutjob in the White House too. He can't remember Senator's names OR the Speaker of the House or what was bombed
He remembers that chocolate cake tho!
It was probably banana nut & he's misremembering that too.
The way the nutjob in DC might do this scares the living hell out of me.
Just get Kim to Mar-a-Lago for some golf and I'm sure they'll get along famously. Nutjobs of a feather!
With all due respect- How can he possibly stop that from happening short of starting a world war? China has a greater role than the US
Neither did Obama, or Bush. However, they prevented it without starting a war.
@realDonaldTrump is OUR nutjob
from 1 nutjob to another.  Maybe they'll cancel each other out.
And Trump is referred to the nut job in the US and he has the codes! Difference?
Investigate Obama spying for political gains.
At what cost? Is it worth Seoul being nuked in conflict to prevent NK from developing weapons that "could" reach USA?
Is Senator Graham not going to let us be brought into war?
Time to call for an independent commission on Russia since @senatorburr isn't conducting the investigation he promised
Good
Enjoy the photo op with your fellow senators and #nutjob45.  Please don't let him start another war.
Y'all called HRC a war monger, y'all told ppl she'd take us to war and here you are taking us to war!! Liar, Liar!!
They just didn't want a woman to do it. It's fine now cuz he's a man, so obvi a natural leader

I'm not sure if you've noticed but "president" trump IS A NUTJOB and you are fast on your heals to join him.
With all due respect @LindseyGrahamSC having two nut jobs having a pissing contest is only going to spell disaster for USA.
If US is threatened by North Korea only NATO can save the poor Murrica. Where is NATO? Why NATO does not fulfill its duties?
Oops, too late, he already has a nuke and a missile, can't be too tough to connect them.
What about the nutjob in the White House?
Can we start a war! There has been too much talk now...
C'mon Lindsey, who do you think is the #nutjob in the WH?
So far, zero attacks from NK yet you openly lead the way for Saudi terror to go unchecked and unpunished - disgraceful fraud
Shame that SoullessChickenHawkRepublicans & RacistLyinConManTrump wants & Needs a War, a NuclearWar? 4 Russian Distraction & Fleecin America
What the hell is wrong with you? Do you have stock with the lords of war?
The nut in the Whitehouse still not putting more sanctions on Russia. GOP letting him get away with it, you're all complicit
You realize the ww in "www." stands for world wide? Pretty sure KJU can read, too. You're both dim.
Graham.  We have plenty of NUT JOBS in Washington.   Just look left.   WE SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT.  SO SHOULD ALL THE NUT JOBS
Oh now you support him??
What grade did you drop out from?
So two nutjobs, and you're no better for  failing to put trump in check. whose children r going 2 die in this war? Yours? Oh, u have no kids
I think the guy in North Korea is less of a threat than the guy in the White House with allegences to Putin.
If you Congressman would do your duty, you could remove the biggest threat.
You nailed Bill Clinton for lying in a civil lawsuit about a consensual BJ. Sessions has done worse about the Mayflower April 27, 2016
Meeting with the Russians. You have Flynn, and you have Trump on record supporting the Russians.  You guys should be calling for immediate
resignation and then investigate criminally. Instead you put party politics over country, truth and justice. It is sickening.
What about the other tiny hand egomaniacal nut job with nuclear weapons?
Rattling and bravado aren't really wise-putting a lot of our allies at risk. Can you think past the end of your nose?
Showing your true colors...corrupt & complicit.
