Sometimes I disagree with you as my Senator but on this I agree.  Syria needs Assad out.
Why does it need Assad out syrian Christian here in usa and Assad is a great guy stop listening to #fakenews
Assad is a great guy?? Okay then keep him.  Enjoy
Well we all know who Trump is working for. We're counting on YOU and the Freedom Caucus to keep this tyrant in check!
Any evidence #POTUS45 changes course bc of #Russian collusion? (& the 2nd clause of 1st sentence=entirely unnecessary to make the point)...
"If the press reports are accurate...". ????
WTF!?!? If he's relying solely on the same press we are, why aren't we in Congress?!
The President relies on press reports!! Catch his morning tweets??
Not usually. But when Graham, a Congressman with access to inside information, says, "If the press reports are true...", I have to wonder.
Another butthurt warmonger! The so-called #Syria-n 'opposition' the U.S has armed, are nothing but a motley crew of Al Qaeda terrorists
Thank you, Senator Graham. #AssadMustGo. He is Syria's #Hitler. He is a partner to #ISIS in Syria and globally. His genocide must end.
Lol get a clue dude
lets not forget the western democracy in libya...
Aiding + abetting global terrorists in secular #Syria, destabilising the world with yr war games, I wonder how the hell u can sleep @ night.
Thank you sir for staying the course of American values. We must not allow tyrants like Assad to get away with genocide.
Why does it need Assad out syrian Christian here in usa and Assad is a great guy stop listening to #fakenews
Holds on to power AT ALL COST including murdering own civilians, a great guy? WTF? U need a reality check. Refugee crisis in EU, great guy?
My brother died by rebels mortar fired on civilians in Aleppo. He was an innocent medical doctor. Rebels are as bad as Assad if not worse.
I highly doubt that's true.
I highly doubt you know anything about Syria other than the propaganda you read here or hear on tv. Most 'rebels' aren't even Syrian.
can you name any figure on the so called 'opposition ' or the head of moderate beheaders..?
Well said! Thank you for your leadership on this. Assad is a criminal. Russia supports him. Do you think the Prez  is influenced by Russia?
President #Assad has defeated all of the U.S-backed terrorists!
Which is your favourite Jihadi terrorist group?
Which minority do you want the Islamists to wipe out first ? Christians? Druze ? Shia?
"Leaving HIM in power is also a great reward for Russia" GET TRUMP OUT! #CountryOverParty
I feel this was the plan all along. Trump has been in bed with Putin for a very long time.
What you meant to say is that "Leaving Trump in power is a great reward for Russia."
@realDonaldJTrump Obama is no longer President. Let's just focus on whether Trump can be.
Thank you Senator. Trump is further revealing his allegiance, thou indirectly, to Putin thru this action.
War monger, unless your willing to go in on the ground yourself then shut your mouth. You've done nothing but egg this thing on from the sta
You built this.
Republican silence on pandering to conspiracy theories (and racism) help Russia elect Trump.
Exactly right! Senator Graham, you & your party built it, you own it, so fix it!
as a member of the Republican Party, we do not accept Lindsey, he's a joke. Dems can have him
lol I was replying to all the morons on this post than I see your comment I'm like finally someone whose educated and I see u cuz lol
Can we also have your statement on 45 colluding with Russians to get elected? Do you find that disturbing?
Thanks for speaking up.
Just come out and say that it is reasonable to conclude that this is simply more evidence of #TrumpRussiaCollusion
May be you leave a chance for Syrians to elect and decide it, ignorant terrorist-supporter?
Bravo! Thanks for every word in this statement.
I totally agree with you, Senator. Letting Assad continue his murderous rampage is like deciding not to defeat Hitler.
Why does it need Assad out syrian Christian here in usa and Assad is a great guy stop listening to #fakenews
this is your President, brought there by the GOP - can't you handle him not to do stupid things? It is GOP responsibility as well!
if the west with their dirty allies in ME didn't not start the regime change in syria none of this could be happening.

I am one of your biggest critics, but I think you're spot on here. Sadly, your boss won't feel the same. Also, consider plan if removed.
Sir u hv much blood on yr hands;Supporting AlQaeda et al in Syria;Destroying many lives;Breathing life in2 GLOBALJihadism
#UREvilPersonified
you lost your war on removing a secular government for Yinon Plan. Keep weeping your AQ buddies are being burned
Lol stop lying you just wanna profit off syrian oil!! Stop lying you and @SenJohnMcCain have been exposed you don't care about syrians!!
This coward of bully power with his love of Islam,HRC & McCain is so mentally dull that we couldn't hang him for his IQ.
Regimechenge policy has failed - get over it...
If you want to go to war send your daughters and sons as infantry, before you send out the American peoples.
How much did the Qatari's,Saudis and the Turks bribe you to sell out our own men and women serving in the military.
this is further proof that Russia is ruling the policy of our executive branch.
Your statement is shit, flabby and useless like your jowls. Assad will reclaim every inch of Syria befouled by your FSA pets and SDF lapdogs
Your name suits you because you attracted a bunch of raging soccer moms high on Fake News. Talk about gossip :^)
ThankYou for your statement<3
+sincerely appreciate you #SpeakingOut
#AainstAssad, #ChemicalWeapons+ #Genocide

<3 #SyriaNeeds a #NoBombZone
#R2P #HumanRights
#SyrianLivesMatter
#ICC's MostSeriousViolations
#ChemicalAttacks
#SyriaNeeds
#NoBombZone
ThankYou for your statement<3
+sincerely appreciate you #SpeakingOut
#AainstAssad, #ChemicalWeapons+ #Genocide

<3 #SyriaNeeds a #NoBombZone
It is clear! TrumpTillerson wants us out of Syria bc Putin is supporting Syria. Pls stop them before they destroy America!
The whole presidency is a grave mistake. One we all fear. Yet you and the GOP refuse to take steps to correct it. So your memos are moot
Lindsey, you need to nail this to the door to the Oval Office. @LouiseMensch
CRY ABOUT IT FUCKBOIIIIII WE WON #LONGLIVEBASHAR #DEATHTOAMERICA
@JSlate__ @StoicViper
Sounds more like Russia's policy, wait, hmmm maybe.....
Has the FBI taken that wacked-out, bean-spilling, so-called Doctor's computers yet...? Or are you still huffing gas in Swampville...?
So you're terrorist friends who have links to those who brought down the WTC might receive "crushing news?" How Tragic!
Which hat do you have on today? Conservative or liberal! You change on a daily bases!
More lies.  At least Obama's red line gambit resulted in chemical weapons removed fm Syria.  Assad/Russia had long before called our bluff.
Standing by the syrian people
Exactly correct. "Assad is not the Solution in Syria":
Agreed but who do you replace him with
Apparently a broken clock @realDonaldTrump is correct once in a while. Hands off Syria. Stop supporting terrorist groups.
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC for being a steadfast ally of the Syrian people.
ay want some assadist dick to comfort you in these trying times?
Replace syria w/ saudi arabia and syrian people with yemen. Now @LindseyGrahamSC looks like the hypocrite he is.
Let's be real Senator You know that Mr. #PresidentTrump is not fit to lead #America It'll take decades to fix this mess. #TrumpRussia
You know, the Syrians and Ukrainians on the ground don't care when you tweet your outrage. You voted for Rex Tillerson. You own this too.
Agree.What did you really expect from a tyrannical business man and an oil executive? They 0 experience in diplomacy and trump is clueless.
Probm w fighting against Assad rt now is it = multiple wars at once--vs Syr, Rus, ISIS& Iran. Use R & Ir 2 fight ISIS. Then get Assad.
this is a good point. Must add turkey to that list as a potential.
Spot on.
for the sake of humanity it should be mandatory for people to watch 'CRIES FROM SYRIA'.... it will rip your heart/soul out.
Put your Hands away from Syria and the other states you criminal!
@LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS U PPL havebeen in power HOW many years ? Look where U took us ! Don't be criticizing our Legally Elected PresTrump !
illegal president.
I find myself respecting voices I thought too deeply conservative in a new way. Appreciate sincere rational and kind thought. Thank you.
WE COULD HAVE ALL SYRIAN REFUGEES WHO DID FLEE
VOTE
NO
MATYER WHERE THEY LIVE
NOT TRUE
Thank you.  Stand firm!
Maybe you can help in getting rid of the Trumpster and change things.
Okay Assad is a bad dude. You want to support the Jihadists fighting him? Great idea.
Agree with your statement, and wish you were representing  instead of @nikkihaley and @RexTilllerson
If so, he's a turd.
I don't always agree with you but I believe you are correct
Maybe you have waken up Lindsey.  This is the way I feel about the environment, HC, schools and everything else is trying to screw up.
so much confusion around the world right now
I agree with you for this statement. 
You are the best
He has sold us out to Russia and China....what did you expect?  He is about to make Erdowan dictator for life.  Way to go McConnell! 
Good Evening Sen. Lindsey GRAHAM
Have we not learned anything from Iraq do you really want our soldiers occupying another Middle East country?
Just a reminder, Trump may be in bed with Russia. I'm going to guess he likes Assad
You folks need to get to the bottom of Russia,basically they attacked you as well.I like some of what you do,and I'm a D! Not 1st tweet 2 U
Remember that you voted for Tillerson.
I totally agree
Because you are naive


Hey Lindsay, What does it take for you to see Trump is a Russian agent carrying out Russian agenda.
What is US agenda in Syria?Massacre all the secular folks and get some sectarian puppet in power?
Who cares?
You are right, sir.
Thank you, Senator
This moderate democrat supports you
You realize WE.. THE US AND RUSSIA are bombing the Syrian people left and right or did you know?1500 people dead now. Maybe inquire about it
Can we PLEASE get the GOP to ask for some tax returns?  It is NOT too much to ask.
Ok let me simplify for you.  Trump had one year leaked - The one he used when Melania applied for citizenship, that HAD to be clean.
And you realize all those years he declared losses to pay $0?  The bank carrying his debt took that loss not him. A loophole now closed.
In short what is now considered fraudulent he did for over ten years. Just that kinda guy.
But you know what? If we saw real returns now that proved me wrong I would admit it. So let's see them.
Ones that are less than 10 years old...You get that right?
Take down the traitors! Show us you love our country. Prove that you deserve my vote. #countryfirst
If you really care about these people why do you not care about drill instructors that rape in your state leading to suicide?
# Tell POTUS that is BIG mistake. Exxon guy is looking for oil in Mideast
Why should we remove another person look at what happened in Iraq and Libya? How about that?
Thank you. Leaving Assad in power is shameful. Guess Putin told Trump to fall in line. #trumprussia #impeachtrump #resist
Where we're u when the big pussy ignored his red line in the sand and never did anything
Curious as to why this decision was made. As you say, it benefits Iran and Russia instead of our allies.
Your allies are Wahhabists from Saudi Arabia & Qatar who hate Christians and Jews. You got nice folks on your side 
You are a puppet. Wrong on Iraq. Wrong on Libya. Wrong on ISIS. Get out of the regime-change and nation-building business. Focus on America!
I agree but don't know why you voted for Russian entangled Rex Tillerson Tracker or Ross
Good!!! Horrible!
Agreed!!  Tell @nikkihaley and @realDonaldTrump!  Although Putin probably told him how he wanted this to play out.

One Republican I like!
Sure Trump will follow it verbatim
Your American policy doesn't go for this Administration.
Who the hell are you to decide who their leader should be. If they want change its their responsibility to make it you war monger
He articulated pretty well that Syrian people have been involved in civil war for years to remove him. The key question is what next?
They've been fighting with Islamist. Of course this douche never met a war he didn't want to jump into.
There's a lot of nuance to it. He's right that it's a mistake to just say we're cool with Asad, but we need to be careful not to repeat Iraq
Agree,,,
Start digging...I heard the announcement from the SOS himself.
thank you for being a prudent leader with a steady moral compass.
Your boss is a big fan of dictators. Like likes like.  But I appreciate your stance.
With Flynn seeking immunity, time to block any and all Trump's appointments or legislation.  Keep Russia from doing any more damage.
No, keep the USA from doing any more damage all over the world. 
Russia is the reason for the peace is coming back to syria.
How long until Obama's name in no longer brought up? remarkable
no one really cares about your statement.
SAY SOMETHING ABOUT FLYNN
