Don't undermine your constituents. They will remove you!
They don't care they can make more $ working 4 their donors We must stop both these parties corruption!
So you plan to vote your way and not the way of those you represent?
Thts exactly what he said! The Constitution wasn't mean for us to get our way and not His way. He works4Da Ppl!
Senator, I think you forgot that town halls are so people can tell you what they want so you can work on that, they pay you
Preach
Merrick Garland was chosen over a year (1/4 a Pres. term) before 2016 Election. Campaign season reasoning is insufficient.
- i despise your politics, but admire your balls.
These TownHalls aren't for the Ppl, it's obvious it's #Campaign mode all over again to win ppl over! PR stun
Repubs are already fighting for 2018 re-elections. Rats from a sinking ship comes to mind.
Going on in Dem Party 2. People are fed up w/both parties crap & want meaningful change
Why do you think you know better than us?
Are you a white dominionist?
no empathy , he's never walked in our shoes and looks down on us
PLease be on right side history and fight for truth in #Russiagate. Country > party. We demand #IndependantInvestigation!
Power is being consilidated right now & it must be stopped or have tyranny.  Be a patriot and do what you can for freedom.
Did you SERIOUSLY tell your own constituents just now that their voices and opinions do not matter?! My God.
#YES He didddddddd! I thought it was just ME who heard tht! He's mad with Power!
Nope, he said it. Watched it in the hospital with my mother. Jaws dropped. Hope SC voters remember.
Dont let them forget Make list of Reps & their shenanigans 2 publish 4 reminders during reelection
#Amen
as a Democrat I thank you for offering to work w/Democrats for better health care! Now see if it can happen?
As a constituent I like that you speak up sometimes, but dislike when you only do it for you. We deserve better!
I watched. Take some f'ing accountability. And than, DO SOMETHING!
You hold a told hall to listen to your constituents and your problem is you don't ever seem to listen.
Keep up with Russian #IndependentInvestigation and chip away small parts of ACA with bipartisan work. It will go a long way
but are you listening?
Address Trump TREASON first
to Democrats, and we should say, let's take a shot at doing this together. 'Cause it ain't working doing it by ourselves."
No independent investigation of #TrumpRussia yet? 
Putin wants a new world order that includes Trump
& now this?

stop President Trump from doing what?
If you need to ask that, you're not paying attention.
u r rite, not paying attention to the negative peeps
Burying your head in the sand or "praying on it," I'm sure....reality check!
why should an administration under FBI investigation over Russian collusion get to nominate #SCOTUS judge?
His answer was... #Obama picked who he wanted. But left out, Obama's pick wasn't under investigation!
"Here's what I think should happen next," Sen. Lindsey Graham said. "I think the president should reach out to Democrats, I should reach out
Garland was just as qualified..you went along with destructive GOP in that case also..SHAME!!!
When are you guys going to appointment a special investigation team on Russia and Trump Admin???
I see a lot of criticism of Graham here - but he's out there answering Qs when lots of GOP r not even out there...
The Repub party told them to get out there. My R-Rep Dave Trott finally graced us with his presence last Sat.
It wasn't pretty we want Healthcare fixed not diminished or closed off 2 people while giving tax breaks 2 rich
I am a Dem and I disagree w/your policies sometimes but you are an honest actor. And you have balls to face the rude crowd.
Why does Canadian lives matter more than American lives? We are fools for a nation if we don't #Fight4Medicare4All
Didn't @POTUS say that anyone under @FBI investigation shouldn't be President? #Impeach45 #EvictOrangeBuffon #Resist
Yes Trump most certainly did LOL Hill is no angel but there was always a double standard going
You always note that Russia will attack the GOP if they attacked the Democrats.  When are you all going to realize the
internal threat?  Trump/Bannon has it out for the GOP Establishment, just as much as they did for Clinton.  Breitbart
Thank you for showing up and responding to your constituents!
Ask Gorsuch if the Constitution says a President can't nominate a justice in his final year. When will someone ask!
https://twitter.com/68DodgeCoronet/status/845677642925912068 …
Follow the leader..keep it up! Hopefully SC will vote you out when your time comes up again.
You sound condescending. Shut up and LISTEN.
What's the point of holding a town hall?  Your reputation is you've never listened to anyone who wasn't holding a check.
Sounds lik he wants to be replaced..
You are ignoring what your constituents want...approving SC nominee of POTUS under investigation..shame on you!
you say 'Listen to me'? LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENCY!
Waste Fraud & Abuse, a 100 person SS detail to Aspen ski trip. Let Ivanka & Jarred pay profit to close town
What $23k for @SecretService ski rental!  Buy them on procurement card. Waste Fraud & Abuse. Then become GP and others can train, 10th Mt Dv
You can't tell us you don't care what we want. You work for us. @FBI is investigating DT. #gorsuch is backed by #DarkMoney
He has track record ruling in favor of corps. instead of protecting the people Must get that out more!
congratulate U 4 rying 2 conduct civilized town hall. Not in your team but you are clearly a man of principle. Investigate!
I totally feel the same way....I am not a Republican but I think he is pretty reasonable
Watched you bully your district. Good bye to the party of Lincoln. You are the party of #trump.
at least you have the guts to hold a town hall. As compared to your colleagues. Please don't let Obamacare implode.
,so why couldn't the GOP cooperate 7 years ago to provide decent health care? Too little, too late....the GOP is toast.
I'd say you just cost yourself another term!
You said ACA is a disaster but you were booed! You then laughed about it. Do you think healthcare is a joke Mr. Senator?
So now you want to work with Democrats to fix Obamacare after they fucked us over with it? Time for you to stop your BS.
how are you not the current president? I may disagree with pretty much all of your policies, but I respect your integrity
Tax biz/ind producing outside US to make up for Income tax, SocSec, M&M not paid in by foreign labor to support US labor.
Thanks for saying GOP should work w/Dems on Health Care. No vote for Gorsuch in this last year of Trump Admin. #TrumpRussia
I may not always agree with you but you seem to be taking your job seriously.  You represent We The People. Trump is cancer
Where does the Constitution say POTUS can't name SCOTUS justice after 3 primaries? Dumbest thing you've ever said!
Noticed you repeated lies about ACA collapsing. As you well know,  not supported by CBO reports. Shame! # save aca
You say you are worried about our country. WELL SO ARE WE!  We have a president who idolizes Putin and hates America. #Help
thank you for having the courage to face us. I may not always agree with you, but I appreciate that you came
FYI Sen. You work for us! U were voted into office for our benefit not urs. WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE,DO NOT WORK FOR YOU!!
Please keep the American people in mind - you've sort of been doing that but not enough.  Gorsuch - NO NO NO  Garland!
.@LindseyGrahamSC If you *really* want to repair the damage to our country, give Merrick Garland a hearing, and you guys get the next one.
That's an excellent idea!
your very interesting, you brush over the investigation about Russia & the chairman of the intel people are not stupid 
The guy who basically said "Your boos mean nothing to me"
Irrelevant that the primaries had started. Scalia's death left open seat for Obama.  Don't be a hypocrite. Seat was stolen.
Diehard D but I admire you most of the time.  Uncool to take position that holding up Garland poll was justified.
ALL OUT WAR ON DEMOCRACY   @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @BetsyDeVosED @mike_pence @HillaryClinton @SenSanders
how can you smile when your voters are voicing their displeasure at your effort to push trumpcare? #Disgraceful
A disaster if Obamacare is bad it's because GOP made it so. Now will try to destroy it by other means. SHAME! BAD!
2. investigation, that shocked me and saddened me. You know better than that.
I'm so disappointed in you Senator Graham. After the stunt Nunes pulled, for you to say we don't need an independent
good story bro.... now work on healthcare for all americans
Freedom Caucus = Nazi compassion
You are dead wrong on healthcare.  Honor the incentives for insurance cos to cover pre-existing & high risk!  Shame on you!
So work with the Dems to FIX AHA. There is no reason to destroy something that IS working. FIX FIX FIX FIX FIX FIX
Thoroughly enjoyed watching this today. Bravo for your sincerity and dedication to doing what's right. #leader
1. "If you don't understand that elections matter, then you don't understand America." Funny, you didn't seem to think...
2. ...elections mattered when you were complicit in denying Pres. Obama a S. Court justice that was constitutional his...
3. ...to make and shirked your responsibility to give that nominee a fair hearing and a vote. You stonewalled for a year.
4. So apparently elections only really matter when it's politically convenient for you and the Republican Party.
Way to twist Biden's words! There's a BIG difference between delaying a confirmation and complete refusal of a nominee.
Sounds like mostly Democrats asking questions.  They don't vote for you regardless of what you say.
When Trump's movie is made it will be called AL THE PRESIDENTS NASTY OLD MEN! And you'll be in it! You were awful today!
thank you for holding a Townhall, unlike many of your peers (wimps)! Russia/Trump INDEPENDENT investigation, Environment!
hey Lindsey when you get voted out of office will you also come out of the closet?
You are undermining our POTUS and need to decide what party you support......Maybe better if you just RETIRE!!!!
"If you don't understand that elections matter, then you don't understand America," then why did you deny Obama's pick?
U DO NOT SEEM 2 CARE WHAT We Want in the State. U R choosing 2 ignore Treason. Eyes Wide Shut.
U that sure that SC will Vote U back? Yes we R fighting against a illegitimate President  & U need 2 wake up & listen 2 us
"If you think only liberals get their nominees and conservatives can't, you don't understand America". What a joke you are.
Two Words: Merrick Garland
If you can say that with a straight face, you have no ethics. Go back to Washington and sit in the swamp.
.@LindseyGrahamSC NO ON GORSUCH! He is an ILLEGITIMATE candidate nominated by an ILLEGITIMATE president!
You're still supporting the Ins. companies, not the people. We don't need the Ins companies, Medicare for all.

Magic is science the @GOP Doesn't understand but Russia does. @FBI @GCHQ  “The Prestige” by @DameJEMarshall
You're ignoring your voters.  And you laugh when they respond to your unfounded cuts at Obamacare.  Who do you represent?
How is it that you LAUGH when they boo...and you say its not what YOU want...when you represent the people.  Its not YOU!
you make me giggle bc you know the Republicans are drowning and you called it awile back, but please LISTEN to us.
they actually do know how an election works. The seat opened when Obama was pres. how does Trump get to choose?
So you say a president has a right to name a nominee, yet you blocked Garland? Hypocrite.
Crazy that Repub's just spent 8 years doing all they could to NOT work with Obama & now you want Dem's to work w/U? WTF?
NOW YOU WANT OUR HELP?!? SMH Where was this bipartisan love over the last 8 years? Put Garland in SCOTUS then maybe...
your words are better than your posts today. Bad staffers?
Telling an entire audience of Americans they don't "understand America..."  Wow.... that went over well, Lady Graham.
GOP has a majority but can't get the Health bill through. So blame Democrats?
we need to accept the #GOP are no longer "Patriots" but greedy Oligarchs, Authoritarians & Useful Idiots for Russia
One of these days you're gonna figure out Americans are unimpressed with your precious party politicking @GOP
the millions who would have lost coverage wasn't the most upsetting thing about the ACHA, huh?
"Collapse and replace", @LindseyGrahamSC ?
Isn't that what's happening to #Trump right now?

#Russia
Been in office way too long
wow, after reading these, seems these people do not want to participate and keep America successful
Bipartisan cooperation is the only way legislative branch can proceed on all matters without wasting taxpayers' money.
suprised Lindsey your constituents don't agree with you on healthcare. How about leading not dividing
Democrats should work with you in the exact same way republicans worked with them. #hypocrite
"I don’t believe that the Constitution was written so that you get everything you want and I get nothing." You said this?1/
Um, aren't yousupposed to be representing your constituency? So, actually,  yeah. Whatever your overallconstituency wants2/
you are behooved to work toward - regardless of your preferences.  I do hope you are unseated at first possible chance.
u had 7 yrs to get something together for a replacement for Obamacare. 7 FING yrs. YOU & others need 2 b replaced & will b
You people are so disrespectful, Trump care would leave you no healthcare at all. He stood up to Trump for your rights.
alright Lindsey you were doing good now you're messin up. You're elected to do what the people want!
Quit fucking pretending that there's nothing 2 RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA & quit politicizing our vaginas, that's promoting CUNTISM! TRUTH WINS!
,I watch your town hall today, I have the up most respect you. Your a very descend man, please don't lose that. kj
enjoy your time you won't be in Washington long will be voted out
WTF is WRONG with U?alt prez can nominate SCOTUS seat when he's under investigation 4 TREASON, while honorable 8 yrs served POTUS is denied?
Are you deaf to the boos? Oh, that's right, you don't care. Maybe you should come out of the closet and not be such a fraud
They know what all of you tried to do to them, regardless of pulling the bill from a vote. https://youtu.be/37vqd3n0AK0 
Being booed off the stage at your own town hall tells me the people are starting to understand & actually study health care
looks like there were plenty of George Soros paid protesters N the crowd 4 #SCOUS  nominee #SC4TRUMP #AMERICAFIRST
They're awake now, Lindsey. They listen to you fearmongering and watched your intention to kick them off healthcare. Bye!
When you stop bashing the Democrats & start being a human being, then you'll be able to fix ACA. Unless you WANT it to die.
Prog den from Ct. FYI don't agree with a lot of what you believe.  But, you have done right on the Russia thing
Stop sending Lindsey back to DC. He's not voting for you. He never has. He speaks fear into you and you struggle.
bought by Soros, with your intelligence you could have been a great senator, really sad
You confuse me.Obviously you are paid by globalists and oppose Trump, but there are times you make sense. Too bad you are
Did you seriously say that dems should work with Rep for a better healthcare bill?after the Rep treated Obama for 8 years
seriously? We need reps. To work together for us. U R shortsighted
let them do it themselves! Your Republicans didn't lend a hand for 8 years. Was that good for the country?
NO
So I guess I'm not shortsighted? Besides, Lindsey Graham said our voice didn't matter
love way you explained it work together that's what we are about liked the way you look at ideas
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/3sure6/people_keep_saying_that_the_income_tax_rate_under/ …
Every time it seems like you might have some sense, you open your mouth again.  Good grief, Lindsey!
change the rules plutocrats? How about nominate a candidate respects the lives and rights of disabled children?
Even if @JoeBiden meant next pres pick #SCOTUS did U issue statement of support in 1992? didn't think so. #nogorsuch
Thanks @LindseyGrahamSC that was fun! Same time next week? 
you sound more like a democrat everyday. Nothing wrong with that. But quit pretending you're a republican!
I don't trust politicians but I am close to trusting you....you are pretty fair
I am not a Republican but I have nothing but admiration & respect for you.....
Here comes the next BIG SCAM, all of the TrumPutin/Ryan HC Tax Breaks will be built into the next effort on Taxes
Let's do a Mitt Romney style $10,000 bet!  Who was the pussy he challenged with that? I forgot.
working with Demos on healthcare plan reform is the answer! Thank you !
is both a fine Senator and a fine gentleman . And unlike this group of Cola rednecks, he also carries himself in civility
You talk about reaching across to others, but your words are narrow.
What is separating you a Statesman from greatness & Y you get beat like a ragdoll is your uses of labels & your view of your people as silos
You seem to think you on represent people as you have described yourself.  We are not monolithic!!
You need to spend more time w/Schumer to correct your misconceptions about ACA, really. Ppl are reading &researching now!

@LindseyGrahamSC U were kind in your questioning however the Judge offered nothing.  You may as well discussed fishing DJT is not Competent https://twitter.com/68DodgeCoronet/status/844647867310596096 …
Good Saturday, Sen.Lindsey GRAHAM, Again about those S.C.gamecocks also Sen.John McCain's AZ #wildcats Thank You!
What I heard U say about fixing health care at your town meeting is the right strategy. DO IT!
yes to bal budget, not at expense of SS medicare or health- forget those massive tax cuts, money has 2 come from somewhere
thank you for coming to Columbia. I hope you learned from us.
after the vote #s.j.res.34 do u get free Internet now? Do ur voters know u want isp's 2 sell their pvt info/habits 4 profit
Hope they rip you a new one!
"le  Guillotine! Bring out the trumble carts!"  You're getting what you deserve.
Where were YOUR  constituents today.?
Let me refresh ur memory & #NoGorsuch until we know if Trumps colluding w/Russia.
You are right. Fixing the ACA is the better option and Democrats will work with you to do that.
#IndependentCommission 
#Nunesmustgo 
#GrahamMustGo
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
Please work in a bipartisan way to improve the ACA.  Rename it AmeriCare. We are all Americans & we all matter. Protect us.
ugh
public announcement of FBI investigation kept Hillary out of White House! FBI should prevent Trump nominations!
I'm on board with you for a while and then you make this turn to the right and I'm sorry I've got to get out of the car.
they booed everything you said. Why don't u listen to them?
work with Dems to fix ACA
Really good talk. Good job trying to communicate through the mumbled yelling. I think you need to be more suspicious of IC.
@MrsOpie88 @wis10 HRC being under investigation is not same as Trump under FBI & NSA for foreign agent. No double standard
. Totally agree on Russian.  I have Cyber INTEL background.  This is NO JOKE!  #STOPPUTIN
Saw @LindseyGrahamSC @MSNBC, Y #AllOfASudden wants 2 work with @TheDemocrats when in '06 refused & wanted @BarackObama to fail? #hypocrite?
.@LindseyGrahamSC You are like all lazy GOP--put every problem on the backs of the poor. Blaming poor for needing healthcare is no exception
. I'm a Democrat living in GA but was raised in SC.  I would vote for you tomorrow!  Listening to your town hall.
2/2 < 45 is under investg, many minions leaving/fired, may have colluded w/hostile foreign power, GOP says let him do whatever he wants.
@townhallproject Lindsey was NOT listening to his townhall concerns, he is party of people. They don't want scotus pick!
no one wants to here you.... A democrat In sheep's clothing!!!
Hope you understand consequences of what you're doing..you must not like your job! You better worry! #VoteHimOut
hey Bigboy!  I heard you got boo'd when you lied about Obamacare.  When are you going to listen to your constituents?
Almost liked u. The double standard is - GOP thought HRC shouldn't run cuz of investg; she was cleared, still shldn't run 1/2 >..
Right on Lindsey! Talking like a bipartisan! We need to bring both sides together for the good of all. Former Republican.
...and by "town hall", you mean getting on your defensive soapbox and reprimanding your constituents. Interesting strategy
I think of all Republicans, you have an amazing sense of humor, I'd like to know why SUDDENLY, you want to work with Dems
you have an issue helping people who are living in poverty but just fine helping BILLIONAIRES..they don't need help
