really? He's never served. He has no idea.
The American people voted for @realDonaldTrump , like it or not  sir. Start working with him, not against him.
yet you'll send more vets like myself to war with Iran and your bullshit Russia narrative. I hope SC wakes up to your shit.
has never been laid in his life prove it @LindseyGrahamSC
#Selfloathinhomo
He will not be able to fix nothing at the VA until you get rid of the unions running the VA, hello work free state SC
how? When? How will us vets know without, again, experiencing the VA indifference.
you sir are a #deplorable
When will you start to care more about this Country than your party. Trump is a national security risk & so is Flynn.
fat chance
is it true Shulkin is the first Secretary of VA with no military service? Wow. See a pattern... education, VA... ???
PLEASE vote NO to mentally incompetent people's ability to buy guns!Passed the house,but vote NO!No more deaths by crazies!
Um... dude. Sorry, trying to raise your boy, McCain.

WHAT ABOUT THE COMMISSARS IN THE FUCKEN WHITE HOUSE?
It's kinda important. Call John. He's conflicted and not responding.

I know he'll listen to you. Thx <3
you sir an an complete embarrassment to the republican party
maybe an openly gay man would be a better representative to our a state #theclosetkillsourpassion
get behind your President and help him #MAGA . You should quit working against him, we voted for @realDonaldTrump
you are letting down the Vets & ALL of America
Do something about Russia and Bannon and Trump!!!
Your habit of tough talk and putting party before country is ugly. Investigate if Trump told flynn and WHY?? Treason!!!!!
Keep ignoring elephant in room. Anyone with 1/2 brain KNOWS Trump ordered Flynn. The question is: WHY??? TREASON.
It's time for you to stand up to bannon/trump this is dangerous and no time for partisan politics. #miralago
@LeoShane God I hope so...#Disabledveteran
So he's going to fire the entire house and Senate? COOL!
hope you are doing at least a little homework...DeVos vote certainly doesn't suggest that GOP works for the people
The GOP has never worked for the people.They all work for the highest bidder.
I was so proud of you and John McCain.  Then you ruined it by folding like a cheap plastic child's chair. #FireFlynn .
Russia probably threatened him #GOP EMAIL
says Dr. Shulkin is going to fire those who failed our vets. I say Senator Graham first.
We pray for success at the VA.
Doublespeak. Truthiness. Bovine feces.
supporting @realDonaldTrump when you knew he is a #deplorable #wtf
you sir are #deplorable and have proved yourself to be over and over
Maybe this homosexual who loves out troupes should give this turncoat a run for his seat.  #desporable
wow, then he'd have to fire quite a few republicans wouldn't he? You've really let America down Senator. We're watching.
Really LIndsey, do you really really believe it will happen -- Big time BS -- it is a mess because because -
i'm 51 for as long as I can remember the government has let vets down I doubt  this guy will be any different shame
.@LindseyGrahamSC when is @SenateGOP going to fire those that are letting EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE down???
you have all lost your way. It's disgusting.
I sure hope you are right. They've been kicked around by the government that is supposed to take care of them long enough.
You and @SenJohnMcCain are both butt buddies.
Russia.
You were one of the good ones but your failure to speak out ag DT and his Russian ties are unamerican and horrific - Shame!
like President Trump?
will he be firing you?  Republican administration not for Americans, just big corporations that suppress them.
Bernie was employing Socialist standards of excellence when he guided the VA into the smoldering crap heap it is today.
In my area the private sector has a backlog to see specialists, just like the VA.  Veterans I know prefer VA.
Is it normal for a U.S. release to include a statement about firing people??  Seems cryptic to me.
With Socialist Bernie Sanders off the Sen. VA Affairs Comm., it's a good bet the VA can be turned around.
This is so Trump-ish...sending out Senate stationary...not impressed with what you are doing for all of us!!!!
No investigation into Russia because @SenateGOP knew all along, including you? Really, REALLY want that SCOTUS pick, huh?
if we only do that with senators that line their pockets at the expense of the American people.
so, he can fire you and Trump?! Great news!
does this include 45 when he creates more vets because he has no idea that a country is run differently than a company?
privatize.  Which will cost vets more.
And he will do it all with a sequestered budget, right?  Just like his predecessor, right?
I retired from VA after 38 years service 4 years AF.  Please remember that a large number of VA employees are Veterans!!!
A strong and necessary statement.Our veterans are so deserving of our care and respect.
@POTUS Theres this guy I know of who use 2 say "your fired" alot. I don't think he got pleasure out of it but its necessary
Let hope that someone does right by the veterans for once.Throw me under the bus but take care of the veterans at least
No he wont. Like every cabinet appt, he'll be monumental disappointment. Did you appoint anybody that doesnt suck?
so when will he be firing you?
I'll never get over your voting for Betsy DeVos. Are you going to be aggressive in dealing with Flynn and Comey? Russia?
Democrats have become a Radical Saul Alinsky driven party. Progressive Liberals are more dangerous to America than ISIS!
people like you who vote for "authorizations to use force" are who let our vets down #WarIsARacket #MajGenSmedleyButler
Nothing childish about questioning: corruption in exec office, growing kleptocracy, Russian ties, lie after lie.
Too bad he can't do anything about the five-time draft dodger @POTUS. You're too much of a bootlicker to care about that
will he fire the GOP congressmen that voted against more funding for vets?
Thank U Senator. PLEASE, work w @realDonaldTrump 2 move forward People's AGENDA. Set aside UR differences 4 US. #MAGA
.@LindseyGrahamSC so he can fire the Congresspeople that didn't authorize the funding the VA needed when it needed it? YAY!
- Do something about Flynn.  And Trump.  And Russia.
Lindsay spit fire about Russia today, what remains to be seen is if he'll back out with any action.
