How about you propose an alternative then? $60B annual deficit is unsustainable & destroying our country. You've done nada
How can u use the handle Common Sense and yet fail to see what the trade deficit is?
how can u question what someone knows or doesn't know? Where's your evidence 4 your "claims"?
Lets start from the beginning, what countries are in the top 2 for importing American goods?
irrelevant to term "Trade Deficit"
what do tou think it means?
"60B dollars" aka what your/our @POTUS has repeatedly stated. U dispute that, provide substantive evidence.
again, what does the trade deficit mean?
sorry senator we need tariffs any house cleaning gets worse before it gets better we can handle it mex should step up
Almost every country in the world charges tariffs, but USA. We are tired of being taken advantage of by #GlobalistsElites!
Maybe it's time for Trump to pay HIS share of income taxes! At the very least, he should be made to comply. He's a fraud.
Will you say this to Trumps face?
ha....of course he will
vote against Sessions and Tillerson. Worried about executive order on immigration
Doing everything in your power to hand power back to Dems... this is why GOPe is hated by grassroots...
I am a democrat who appreciates your courage and intelligence.
You & 'Songbird' McCain prefer to support illegal aliens, 'cut' their welfare, NO more anchors, savings will pay for wall!
Terrible burden to border states
What would happen if @LindseyGrahamSC & @SenJohnMcCain changed party; for a while. And impeached the incompetent egomaniac #LiarInChief
@jsherman39 Related: http://gonzoecon.com/2016/11/a-plea-to-my-fellow-economists/ …
Tell the village idiot!
That's what the World believes he looks like NOW!
other than Petroleum,Mexico's top USA imports r cars,trucks&computers(jobs stolen from the USA!!)Support @realDonaldTrump
No problemo - just #BoycottMadeInMexico BRING IT!!!!!
@fgtexan stop over thinking it they haven't been paying taxes for years but have been charging then it's only fair
You do realize that conservatives like free markets, right? He is being true conservative.
I may disagree with you on some issues, but thanks for speaking up with Americans in mind, not the party line. 
USA accounts for 80% of Mexico's exports; Mexico accounts for 16% of USA's. USA has mucho leverage in negotiations.
how much of the 80% percent is food plus if trump deports the illegals whos gonna pick the crops
I don't disagree but we do have negotiating leverage. Guest worker program is answer to agriculture.
i want you to go ask the farm workers for their guest worker program cards...none
GTR, go try picking the crops yourself. You won't last a week.
i know i wont the U.S depends so much on others they are blinded to see the truth
The precedentcy (purposeful misspelling) has turned into the blind leading the blind. It's getting harder to determine the truth.
@puppymnkey  why the bell do you not speak up and say that In public.
We don't need a wall for God'ssake. It's a waste of money.
They ( Mex's) can do whatever they wish-and You can move to Mexico ,The USA would be Better , Mexico cannot survive W/O USA
Graham do your job,STOP all benefits to NON citizens,enough of what YOU don't like- you work for the PEOPLE,not yourself $
Mexicans are in love with US goods. Trump´s not a good salesmen, he´s destroying US brands in Mx and the world.
Mexico buys 236b. in US exports, Plus Coca-Colas, pepsis, fords, Gm, and million other goods made in Mexico by US companies
What do you know about the economy, except what your lobbyist kronies pay you to know
Obviously you don't know how to position to better our negotiating position to get a better deal for America. LOSER!
Not to mention what tariffs would do to little local businesses like the Charleston Port. Yuge import/export facility.
Thanks! Show us that you and other @SenateGOP will vote for your constituents and not a president who doesn't rep the GOP
There are farmers in America....
@CindyBinSC we need to close the boarders. The drug dealers come across all the time
stand up to Trump's irrational agenda. Thank you & be a strong bipartisan leader like Reagan & Bush. We WERE great preTrump
Since mr trump is shutting people out so be it .  I'm sure Mexico can trade with someone else, who shows respect
- Steve Bannon on National Security Council is dangerous! Get him off  NOW!
I know that i will not vote for you!! Politicians like you are why we have the problems we have today.
i hope South Carolina voters vote you OUT!! You make me sick to says you are a Representative of South Carolina
plus that tariff won't be paid by Mexico, it will be paid by Americans as the added cost will be incorporated in the price
@foghorneggcorn Senator Graham, maybe you should put country before party more often. Maybe then we wouldn't be here.
thank you for taking a stand here and on immigration. Please STOP Betsy DEVOS, an elitist out to destroy public education
@EAnthonyWayne. Don't let the Russian hacking issue die. Sen. Democracy is being questioned. Please lead, I am mucho sad!
Agreeing with Lindsey Graham again! Who says the nation is divided!
what do they trade us that wasn't ours before NAFTA?Tequila and Piñatas?#Rino
Don't tell us that. We already know. Tell Trump. He's the idiot. #ThisIsNotNormal #NoBanNoWall
thanx 4 moment of sanity Now how about denouncing 2day's criminal executive orders? #peoplenotparty #unitedwestand
Do something about this maniac in the White House
Listen to your constituents, sir! Not just the loudest and most wealthy. This is a nation mainly comprised of immigrants!
keep speaking up and speaking out, even if it's not popular with the executive branch.
It's not your call, remember you dropped OUT of the election for President!
especially considering 8% of our oil comes from Mexico @LindseyGrahamSC @revolution_fr (eg just behind Saudi with 14%)
thank you for this. Thank you for not bowing to trump and his minions. I'm a Democrat but fiscally conservative
drugs are not part of the trade agreement or undercutting the American People by working for peanuts!!
Trump needs to quit playing CHECKERS and learn to play CHESS! He is clueless to repercussions. Pathologic! IMPEACH!
$70 billion trade deficit with Mexico is not really a "partner"......
@KatyTurNBC Just like with torture. Anything Trump says we can do can be done back to us. Some1 explain that to him.
Do not believe it. Do you lock your doors at night? If so we need a southern border to control who comes in country.
they are only the 3rd largest because many of our US Companies fled from Obama. #TryAgain we're not buying the crock
The policies of your President are likely to send America in recession. Wake up!
Doofus Don, novice at IA getting skooled. It's all interconnected. Mex sends us oil, keeps Leftist at bay. We pay tariffs.
duh.
As long time moderate GOPer (that's me): ya think? What's w/ YOUR Prez? #GovtByBrainfart #getaclueTrump
N American people pay for it ...NO!!! @potus is a billionaire.. let him pay n have mexico reimburse him or better yet
Graham says "Americans should pays BILLIONS for a wall"
thank you.
Tariffs are paid by US citizens NOT the Mexican government. It's another way of getting Americans to pay for the wall.
Keep standing up!  You are a true patriot who loves his country.
It took a guy like @realDonaldTrump for me to agree with @LindseyGrahamSC -gives me hope!
you need to stop Trump from fighting with Mexico. Speak up. He's causing harm
This!  This is why we need #termlimits. Surely even you can see Mexico needs us more than we need them. #buidthewall
You need to do something b4 #notmypresident starts a  war. Where is protocol? U guys need to stop this madness. Shame!
@joekeene #lockhimup
if Trump understood economic growth, he wouldn't have had to switch his business to celebrity branding after many failures
Thank you for a being a voice of reason in this crazy, troubling time...and we're only 7 days in. Hoo boy.
Come to our side, Graham. Why are you letting Hitler 2.0 get away with all this? Russia? Racism? Wall? Hatred? Bigotry?
Thank you for speaking up.
I respectfully disagree with you. The trade imbalance with Mexico needs to be evened out. Fair is fair.
Mutually beneficial arrangement ought be worked out in private, so wall can be built & its a win win for both sides.
& No Wall!
How many US jobs are represented in our annual export sales to Mexico $236.4 Billion?
You are letting our country go downhill in the hands of the mentally unstable hands.
When are you going to stand up.  I have always admired you Senator although not always agreed.  Same with McCain.
Soda tax in Philadelphia is .015 per OUNCE wake up and smell the roses  100% increase in cost!!!!!!!
will u stand up ? Or kneel down to herr trumpf?
that is so true
Doesn't trump understand the simple dynamics of international trade? He thinks this is some kind of marble game. Stupid.
Reality must bite... @LindseyGrahamSC @marieelement
it's almost as if you helped elect a dangerous psychopath
let's wait and see. Sometimes drawing a line in the sand gets attention
drones
#
Fact: Illegal immigration fr. Mexico is in sharp decline. This wall is a WASTE of $. We need healthcare, infrastructure.
Stand your ground. No tariffs. Rein your guy in, Senator, before he does some real damage.
We don't export much on balance, so who cares?  They're not buying our stuff, why are we buying theirs?
This is going to hurt hard working families, senior citizens re higher food bills. So much healthy produce comes from Mex.
Despicable comments being made by people who are ignorant on the importance of Mexican trade. You don't understand - ask!
Impeach his ass !!! Be the HERO !!!!
Plus then we pay twice since there will be an increase in prices. STOP HIM
Damn this is absolutely ridiculous. I live in TX -  tariff would decimate our economy Trump is ignorant on forgein policy.
We don't need a wall. You know it will NOT cost 20B. More like 40B +. How about using that to shore up SS, Medicare, Vets
and while you're thinking clearly, please vote NO to DeVos for Education.
thank God for at least one sane Republican. Do what's right! Country before party. Always.
thank you! I hope you stick with this one. I was disappointed that you voted for Tillerson. #DoTheRightThing
waaahhh we elected a lunatic waaaahhhh
I believe there is hope for you. Consider your legacy. Embrace compassion and truth. Be on the correct side of history.
sometimes you sound sane...different sides of the aisle, but you truly love country first and not Orange Julius Ceasar
"Alger" was rejected as Trump's code name in favor of "Filiberto."
I dont agree with you on the wall, its a waste of money that should go to Infrastructure. I do agree with you on the tariffs. STUPID idea.
Would you get Trump under some kind of control already? I know the GOP my ex-marine father voted for is better than this.
Thank you for using reasoning, compromising. Bi-partisan solutions makes sense to everyone! @MrJamesonNeat
@oufenix yes but how to get a man who thinks he's a dictator to listen? He's a disgrace to our country already
@mystcole agreed.
Wholeheartedly!
Notice you said border security and not a wall.
WE GIVE THEM MORE THEN THEY GIVE US!"WE THE PEOPLE" DONT AGREE!CORONA,TEQUILA &AVOCADO WE CAN PRODUCE, DONT NEED MEXICO!!
mr. Graham you obviously have no clue how to a country on your side when negotiating. You come from strength not weakness!
Everyone with a brain knows that @realDonaldTrump doesn't know what he's talking about! Can your party stop him? That's the question
Sir, we disagree on many things but I applaud your willingness to break party line and give the people facts.
So we KNOW what you're AGAINST (all things Trump). What have YOU done to address trade imbalances? SC voters need a CHANGE!
don't buy from the Mexicans.
@realDonaldTrump thank you for being a calm voice in all of the chaos.
We voted for Trump because he knows what he's doing. You & Republicans have failed us. Support Trump because you're wrong.
You better school Trump.
Please help!  Do everything in your power but please, do something!  Thank you!
We the American people do not want the WALL if it is going to cost us money.  He was supposed to save us money. Will you?
get tax returns n collect taxes frm Trump family Others won't pay their taxes either n r asking y they should #4/15revolt
Please do not let DT continue.  Impeach him. He is creating chaos with his tweets and rhetoric. With his lies, lies, lies.
I'm a concerned citizen. We, and there are many, are afraid of the new Trump regime. We are counting on your level head!
@Nowsolarwa don't bother
They already put tariffs on us. Why not 2 ways???
The wall is a stupid idea and drain on US taxpayers. Surely congress can see thru this scam and stop it.  Trump run amok.
Simply put, Lindsey Graham is a disaster. Hopefully next time your seat is up for bids, you'll be replaced.
Now there's the guy we moderates have come to love!
If not Tariffs, then we should assume a new Nafta Agreement from Congress and Senate, to fix our trade imbalance! Right?
another 3rd largest. They need us more than we need them. America First learn it love it.
grow a spine and stand up to Trump!
Good lord, hell has frozen over...I'm agreeing with Lindsey Graham.
@laureldavilacpa
so we should do nothing and lose(like always)
The money for that wall is better served with job training for American citizens.
I would rather poke my self in the eye than agree with you but you got me on this one.  Ouch!
The wall is not border security and is a waste of money.
yes well Said u need to keep the 25th amendment just in case in handy for trump's crazy statement's
Tell ur party to stop him. If repubs r complicit trump get by. R their any decent ppl left in GOP?
Agree with need for border security but Wall is like taking down the Statue of Liberty. There are smarter ways to enforce.
Thank you, Sen Graham, for your courage. As much as I disagree with your politics, I appreciate your commitment to the USA.
160 countries hv tariffs.Use those Billions of $$s importing to work to Hire Amercan, Make American, Buy American. #MAGA
Agree, except the wall is stupid waste of money. Block the wall, Lindsey!
@realDonaldTrump Who's going to tell this to Trump? Meanwhile...Russia/Putin/Stone/Page..what is Donnie hiding? #resist
Please vote against funding for Trump's Wall of Hate. 2/3's of Americans do not want it.
I agree. Please stand firm.
let alone the nearly 5 million jobs that would be lost. Don't forget that.
our students deserve better than DeVos
And NO to DeVos
keep up the education of the President. Love you from Louisiana.
@sherrymckinsey Cheif stupid is just shooting his mouth off. Thanx 4 speaking out though.
T least someone is thinking
Tequila si, Montezuma's revenge no!
How do you think the next election will go when getting guac at Chipotle costs a day's pay?
@KatyTurNBC I my Tequila jumps up in price....I'm going to get Pissed!
The wall will be another useless GOP waste of money. You guys are good at that. No money for SS/Medicare/Medicaid, though.
Also, taxpayers would be hit twice for Wall. Once thru appropriations and second through high prices in stores.
4/ Rs earned political cap.  Is this how u want 2 spend it?  Imploding economy&world order?  Mods won't sit out mid term.
Thanks SenGraham fir being the sane one
Why is this so difficult for people to grasp!
3/So far, I haven't seen a single DT policy that even arguably strengthens US soft or hard power.
We know this tell the guy in the White House Geesh!
Keep that backbone going!  Stand up to the President on these types of issues.  Great job on this topic!
@KatyTurNBC Thank u 4 speaking out Senator Graham!
when you sit in an audience and grin at #Trump as he lies it becomes hard to believe you care about anything.
well, looks like you need to educate your President
that is true, at the end we will pay for that, http://www.scout4apps.com 
Sen. Graham thank you!  Stop the nonsense before he gets us all killed or makes us all broke.
2/ last I checked, the US needs drug, border cooperation/trade & labor for US interests including border safety.
1/  Exactly how does picking a fight w/ a needed fluid border neighbor make the border safer?
@karencollinsnyc Tariff can be applied on cash they send back to Mexico.
won't work. Bitcoin is anonymous, easy to move money. Also banks are international. No need for Western Union
How do you know?
please move to Mexico.
impeach him. Russia. Unfit.
@KatyTurNBC  Imposing tariffs is to make America not Mexico pay for the wall. A sham. Agree w you retaliation hurts US biz.
