If you were smart, you'd realize that the DNC/Hillary/Obama/Lynch were colluding to ruin Trump!
Where's the HRC investigation? Change parties. You belong with Churck U Schummer!
That was them just letting Trump know that they have him, and he knows it
Oh good Putins covering Donnies butt! For sanctions!
Graham needs to be voted out of office in 2020!!! We the Trump supporters can make it happen! FIRE MUELLER !!! VOTE GRAHAM OUT!!
Many of us believe Mueller on #Witchhunt. This news shouldn't surprise u. Tell McCain, 2 so he knows.
So why the Hell R U not demanding investigations into this and LEAKING FROM our own INTEL community!
Support POTUS & stop the BS!
It blows my mind that you have chosen security for we the people and are giving up liberty.  Obamacare FAIL. Thanks to the RINOS
Totally sad & disappointed in u guys. Where r the Repubs? Why r u selling us out? Govt sucks in HC.
We know that! Repeal & give us freedom
From your lips to God's ear
I agree the quality of the man is more important than the Party. I see nothing wrong with voting for a democrat if he's a better man
You live in a dream world. Never forget FOX is owned by two foreigners who don't give a rat's ass about America.
Media& news is owned by a few family dynasties. U want truth? Research the families who run the World banks, Fed, Oil,
War machines, etc.
You are naive who believe the Russian story. Not until @FBI actually investigate DNC servers themselves. Easy to fake - are fbi that naive?
Unfortunately the swamp may be partially in FBI too. I'm sick over the biased investigation of POTUS by Clinton supporters! Where's justice
Blows your mind? It's leverage, pure and simple. Why wouldn't the Russian's want dirt on @realDonaldTrump to push their agenda? A puppet?
I wonder if Russia was working w/Iran and N Korea to jack with our elections.... wouldn't surprise me. POTUS has info we' ll never know!!
Oh and China no doubt!
How do you think they got the info about Trump? It was given freely by Russians that dealt with him. Part of the blackmail plan is revealing
They're wanting their sanctions lifted so this is a ridiculous story. Do Not believe this senator.
Seriously are you this stupid or is it just an act? I really hope Putin gets so annoyed that he starts telling us what he knows #ppgate
What blows MY mind, is that the Dems and Rinos are in collusion with Fusion GPS, and not a peep out of you on that.
What blows my mind is how Congress talk and no results this is the worst Congress in History they have not done anything for the Americans
Graham needs to be voted out of office in 2020!!! We the Trump supporters can make it happen! FIRE MUELLER !!! VOTE GRAHAM OUT!!
AND you hear nothing from the SWAMP Republicans about that We need Trump supporters to run against the SWAMP and KICK THEM OUT!
Graham needs to be voted out of office in 2020!!! We the Trump supporters can make it happen! FIRE MUELLER !!! VOTE GRAHAM OUT!!
It's about time you get behind our .@POTUS
He only voted yes, to save his butt! He knew it wasn't going to pass..@SenJohnMcCain won't run again.. he highjacked the party. #Arizona
Ur pal @SenJohnMcCain was the one that colluded with the Russians.
@TGowdySC #TGowdyForSenate2020
DUH!!! That blows your mind? Really? TRUE REPUBS know the Pres is NOT GUILTY of collusion with Russia or anyone! This proves he's innocent!!
What blows my mind is that McCain paid for the dossier to be created.
Stop the crap we know what happened. Bob Mueller knows.
This is NOT proven as of yet!!
#FakeNews. Sanctions bill heading to BLOTUS desk. This isn't TRUE. #FAKENEWS
Why does that blow your mind?  What evidence exists of any collusion beyond that between the Dems & Russia?
Trump COMPETELY w/in his presidential authority to fire mueller. He wd b RIGHT 2 do so, & we support him.
You and who? Your 6 followers bot
Mueller's conflicts of int (eg comey bff), hiring clinton backers, going beyond scope of Russia probe...all mean he shd b REINED IN or FIRED
Mueller shd b LIMITED 2 Russia elec involvement.But he's going WAY BEYOND that scope.So he either must be ACCOUNTABLE or FIRED. We r w Trump
And John McCain flew to London to pick it up!  Disgraceful
Stop wasting taxpayer $$ with this witch hunt!
What blows my mind is you won't call an investigation on Hillary like the people want resign please!
Playing both sides...get him elected and then blackmail.
Conservatives, liberals, and moderates all despise you. Who in their right mind would join forces with you to wage "holy hell" on POTUS?
Anyone who cares about our Democracy and our institutions!  https://www.c-span.org/video/?431852-1/william-browder-overturning-magnitsky-act-putins-top-priority …

Are U sure wasn't #SorosCartel paying #Fusion_GPS? He brought down MANY governments around the Globe! Or U don't want 2stain #YourDONOR? @VP
They want the dirt on him as much as many of us do. Something tell me they know things that would blow our minds...
And James Comey paid for it
What blows my mind is that you are sitting back and refusing to end this disaster. You are being complicit sir!
Did John McCain and/or the GOP pay for the report? If so, please drag each of them into the light of day.
Please tell that to the 17 agencies that act like they know everything. They need to revise their findings
Senator Graham you need to be helping the President not hindering him. Why are Republican's shooting themselves in the foot?
We the people will make sure you don't get reelected Graham. We are tired of RINO's like you.
Political Outcomes,what about the Money the Chinese or Saudi's are throwing in our Campaigns.This is More about Campaign Reform than Russia.
...But is that wrong? Don't we do the Same? We are an Open Society, any Country,Business,Individual has a vested interest in our ....
They are sneaky little shits
Lindsey& Co. has been outwitted, Russians had a game plan for both DJT&HRC. That was our Congress, Russia knew and anticipated Correctly....
Seriously? This is a known  tactic. Get dirt on everyone & keep it as a blackmailing tool. Create chaos.
https://www.c-span.org/video/?431852-1/william-browder-overturning-magnitsky-act-putins-top-priority …
Lindsey is a RINO paid hack!
The Russians are playing both sides against the Middle -Independent voters. They have succeeded, No party can be Trusted least of all Dems.
It's a simple yet effective misinformation tactic to discredit the press by passing false info through a semi-creditable source, Steele.
Well expand your mind FGS. Vlad is the one that can prove the dossier is  accurate...what more leverage does he need to blackmail donnie?
Have you never learned to play chess, Senator?
Putin is no one to screw around with
Trump's time to be dissed by Putin is coming. If he signs Sanctions Putin will kick his ass. He is going to be in a place he has coming.
Wrong. Steele created the dossier.
"Fusion GPS contracted MI-6 agent Christopher Steele to look into rumors about Trump's financial and social connections in Russia." -foxnews
There's a great article about it here in the NYT too, but I didn't want people barking "fake news" at me.
I would say that much of what is contained in Steele's dossier is now substantiated & validated as fact, policy should change.
That's not much mind to blow. Take break from camera. You're embarrassing yourself
What blows my mind is that someone in your position doesn't know how Blackmailing works. I am pretty sure you do, you just play innocent.
Agree, it is strange. I don't get it.
Useful for blackmail, don't you think?
Who paid Fusion GPS to make the phony dossier?  You owe the public an answer.  Who was involved?
I wish chris steele would testify.
The Russians have acheived their goal by upsetting our Democracy! The Donald is in a corner and it's getting tighter!
So why does this surprise him.  Any dirt against a sitting president would be priceless.  They knew the GOP would make It impossible for HRC
Yes, because their MO is kompromat on ANYONE!!
So Russians were against Trump & the Dems hate, for Trump allowed them to be tricked by the Russians cause the Russians didn't want Trump?
