.@BarackObama: Not bombing Syria 'required the most political courage' http://politi.co/2rig4Px  
It’s not ‘courageous’ to allow a ruthless dictator to kill thousands and cross red lines regarding chemical weapons. #syria
But it is courageous to bomb an old airfield at a cost of $100 million.  Once.  To distract from trump's own goals. Then do zilch.

Got it.
Giving Assad a pass for his outrageous behavior was not ‘political courage.’
You wanna talk about political courage?
Didn't he opposed?
President Obama’s ‘courageous’ approach to Syria has come back to haunt the people of Syria, the Middle East, and the world at large.
NOW you're acknowledging that Trump knows nothing & is dangerous? How about DOING something about it? Trump is crazier than a fruit-bat
So now, Senator, what are you actually going to DO about it? Party or Country? The world is watching!
Neither, because his allegiance is for global dominance under the UN as long as he can get rich/power like Chinese dictator Xi's wealth.
In the words of Paul Joseph Watson: "Well Imagine My Shock"
That's a new one. I'm wimpy and indecisive and never meant what I said. But I had political courage.
No distractions! #impeachtrump #ComeyMemos #trumprussia
Can't we deport that @BarackObama home to Kenya?
But courageous to let hostile foreign power infiltrate and influence highest levels of our government?
Real questions: Just who is this 'most everyone' you speak of?  Bush and Cheney's actions in ME - was that 'good judgement' and 'strength'?
Funny...I don't recall Congress having the courage to authorize use of force in Syria
I AGREE.  Please stick by our President to MAGA.  I'm from SC & have been concern at some of your actions.  I want our state to have best.
BS....Obamba didn't have the malado balls to make a stand....
he let them have chemical weapons that they used on there own people you call that courages
Where did he drop the 26,000 bombs reported dropped in last 8 years?
Must have been Afghanistan
Could you please start using "Your" screen time to go after & call to prosecute leakers National Security depends on all branches & parties
Not bombing Syria required you to be the coward we all know you are
That's rich.  What about America's citizens at the hands of Trump's mess?
Lindsey Graham has pretty consistently spoken out against Trump.

Also, I don't *care*. That's not a reason to not intervene in a genocide.
I hated that we didn't intervene at the time but our democracy is being gutted right in front of our eyes and they're doing NOTHING.
So I find his righteous indignation over O's mishandling of Syria laughable.
I have a lot of hope that LG will be one of the people who stand up against Trump in this FBI director appointment, but I get where you are
I share that same hope.
This was your party 2013 keep on lying sweetie
I'm so glad that whack-job is out of office he caused nothing  but problems in this country
You ain't kidding
@joehos18 @LindseyGrahamSC
It'll be years before the damage he did to this country is highlighted and fixed.
You're just a bloodthirsty globalist, not a true republican. you & Obama playing "good cop bad cop." He's your "illuminati" brother. @ACLJ
You love #war #death #chaos #Trump needs to #stepdown #MSNBC #CNN #CSPAN #DNC #RNC #treason
Where's your courage to defend constitution against threats domestic (Trump)
just because you are a warmonger and have no compassion for innocents, doesn't make you right.  beware of 2018.  people BEFORE party.
Buutt he asked congress to approve a strike & they would not. So which is it? Work together or go lone wolf?
It's not courageous to be complicit when we have a traitor in the White House.
So now you're going to attack a well respected POTUS when we have foreign agents in the WH?
You're a nutbag. Obama was viciously attacked CONSTANTLY by the right. 
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpLeaks 
#TrumpRussa #TraitorTrump 
#resist
Pretty strong words for some one who is consistently all talk. Do something about Trumps crazy, stop trying to say the right words
Weakness and poor judgement is what is happening in the White House and in the Republican Party right now.
You've been set adrift by the racism in your party. Fix yourself.
Well you would know about weak and poor judgement; project much?
Show me your political courage Lindsey Graham!!! Stand up and be a true Patriot. Stop deflecting and write a hero's page in history!
With all respect, how can you possible talk about poor judgment after what Trump did with intel? Seriously.
Y'all must be mighty worried about Trump & Co. Stop using Prez O and Dems as camouflage for your own party's "weakness and poor judgement."
you just saying dont impeach him it is so fun watching you clowns make fools of your selves good job keep it up 2018
Old news. What are you going to do about reigning in 45's behavior so we don't get killed?
Not securing email is poor judgement. Giving classified information directly to Russians is stupid and dangerous. Stand up for our country!
#POTUS45 just admitted to sharing #classifiedinfo w/Russia & you're distracting w/negative post about Obama?! Your bias is obvious, Senator.
Stop it. Just stop it. Focus on getting Trump out of there. He's a danger to himself and everyone in America. Step up, Graham or get out.
Sounds like you. No morals, just party.
Any further comments on weakness & poor judgment in light of your hero's performance these last 2 weeks?  Maybe not too late to jump ship?
wrong
Is that it Mr. Graham? Where is your outrage? Where is the GOP outrage?
Senator Graham Cracker...the fact that you are STILL politically back stabbing him (for reducing USA troop deaths) PROVES HIS POINT! duh
I feel like you have greater current priorities than shitting on Obama
Then how come your party didn't support it when he asked approval? Oh wait. You just said. Weakness and poor judgment.
And your guy gave intelligence information to Russia.
You know what takes political courage? To step up and put party aside to SAVE OUT NATION! Why don't you tweet about what we can do NOW. #sos
Nice one.  How about @realDonaldTrump lies, ineptitude and @GOP says nothing.  SAD @LindseyGrahamSC .  Obama is not in office.  Do your job
Focus on what's at hand. You're building bipartisanship. Don't squander it.
Sen Graham your right. the Reps in Senate need to stand up toWH
You time you stop covering up the CRIMES AND RELATIONSHIPS OF #45!  HE'S A CRIMINAL and your Party is ACTIVELY COLLABERATING IN THE COVERUP!
Kinda like Congress' inability to appoint a special prosecutor?
Maybe you should be focusing on our insane current potus
@politico @BarackObama What do you call what your party is doing to OUR country by enabling Trump?
Where is your courage to stand up to @potus? Patriot or treason supporter, the choice is yours. The country is waiting
your shitting me, concentrate on the danger currently residing in "our" white house
Does it take courage to fire missiles while selling your chocolate cake?  Do you even know what courage is? #Trumprussia #TrumpRussiaLeak
Didn't Obama ask congress for authorization and congress refused.
I think I remember YOU telling him he could NOT bomb Syria w/o Congress's approval! Don't be a hypocrite or a partisan hack. It's beneath u
He can't even say I am Mr trump without criticism. He can't even talk to anyone anymore without criticism. You guys should get intereactive
David Brooks says But mentally, Trump is still a 7-year-old boy who is bouncing around the classroom. AND MORE THAT SHOULD SCARE YOU!
Your people in congress should do more to support the courageous president. The press and democrats are setting him up
How about we concentrate on the present?
Says you, who won't stand up for country and people.
And what do you call @realDonaldTrump sharing classified information with the Russians from what sounds like Mossad.
Trump has only bombed once so he is better in your eyes
This is rich coming from a lily-livered weasel like you.
FU
We don't need another war! You are doing what's right for America! IMPEACH 45! Please!
Ur really losing my respect!!  Smh
Yea great job bombing absolutely nothing and being proud of it. Syria laughed in our face by using the airport the next day. Wake up Lindsey
It's more courageous to pass the buck to the executive branch, when congress is where these decisions should be made. Stop being a coward.
REALLY???? ARE YOU JUST TRYING TO LOSE YOUR JOB NOW???
How hypothetical of you to talk about courage when there's dictator in the Oval who is probably worse than those in the 3rd world country
You mean not attacking a foreign nation without congressional approval? Aka abiding by the constitution?
Well Lindsey... check your crazy GOP potus.  He is OFF the Rails.  Focus please
Did you assume nobody would remember your previous comments? Don't duck for cover now. Respected you before. Don't hide now.
Is this deflection from actually doing your job? I have a lot of respect for you, but it's waning fast.
So, when will you and your boy in WH begin bombing? Obama has more courage in his little toe than you will ever dream of having.
Disagree. But loved what you said on Meet the Press yesterday.
You said on CNN that it was "our bad" because you and others in Congress would not support him re red line. That showed character. This? Not
So Senator..what would most everyone call what Trump apparently did with Laslov and Kyslyak?
BULL
You talk about weakness when the truth is you are weak!!! Open your eyes and get Russia and their pal Trump out! #ImpeachTrump
History will record Obama at the bottom of all presidents
You can't keep on deflecting the republican's problems by shouting OBAMA or CLINTON. Trump is destroying the nation. Do something!
I totally agree @BarackObama was a weak president so was Carter. You can b nice in one respect but still considered weak and they were weak.
"Weakness and poor judgment" is failure to stand up to a president who is delusional and dangerous! #DoYourJob
I'll take Obama's courage over Trump's treason any day of the week, Senator.
You have so many problems on your hands. Obama is not one of them.
Are you suggesting you have political courage? Was it courage that allowed you to cast confirmation vote for AG Sessions
Don't you have more pressing matters than reaching back in history? Your party is in control, act like it.
Come on Lindsey-I've been with you for do long. No more war- my Dad is a Vietnam Vet
"Political courage" doubles for Cowardice. Obama was a big spending absentee President that traveled in lieu of working!
And what you call "health care" most other people call "tax breaks" and "discrimination against women."  #hypocrite
Right it's better get our servicemen and women killed in a stupid civil war. That real strength. Not my kids or grandkids
#LindseyGraham: Be honest: When you say "most everyone else," ur speaking abt those in your private #tRump bubble, not the world at large
You've got bigger fish to fry than Obama. Move on please.
What are we still discussing this man?
Republicans won't vote to authorize action but love to lob bombs from the cheap seats
The one with glaring weakness and poor judgement sits in the White House now. Open your eyes Mr. Graham before you lose your job.
OMG! This is so beyond party politics. Wake up and Grow up!
The R party was obstructionist. They admitted their no. 1 priority was to undermine Obama's presidency and they held true to their word.
Not true.
Not true!
What do you call your president leaking info to the Russians? When will you ACT?!
And what exactly do you call a President that just gives highly classified information to the Russians????????
Just like a Republican Senator. Complicit deflection.
What most people call "treason and obstruction of justice" the GOP calls "business as usual". 2018 can't come fast enough.
This is what creates political polarization, people calling compromise weakness
Time for you to show some political courage & get Trump out of office!!!
Considering your failure to defend the USA from a traitor potus, no one in the GOP should discuss weakness or poor judgement. #GOPCoverUp
What do you call sharing secrets with the Russians?
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC whats the difference between killing innocent children in one country and killing our own with no health coverage WEAK!
Standing up to the train wreck currently in the White House would be political courage.  Attacking Barack is just lame.  Fail...
You are pathetic.  Obama is no longer your concern, worry about the incompetent buffoon and monster currently occupying the Oval Office
I would call a Congress who said no when asked the weak ones. You wanna shift blame? Let's start at the beginning.
Republicans need to protect America and quit protecting this Bafoon of a President. WAKE UP.
Until you hold POTUS accountable for his actions it is you and your GOP brethren that exhibit poor judgment and weakness. #formerGOPvoter
Political courage.........Absolutely!!!!!!!!!!
don't really think Republicans have much credibility as this point to criticize poor judgment.
@politico @BarackObama Senator Graham the president WANTED military action but CONGRESS would not approve.
Enough the "Obama deflection" you guys have the ball now. Do something productive with it .you sound like a bunch of whiners !!!
Lindsey, read things carefully;not bombing cost political capital, which, for a politician, is a form of courage;Y R U still trolling Obama?
Where is the proof, other than a sat image? And who believe you after lying about WMD in Iraq?
it's not patriotic to reveal classified info to the Russians at a meeting
What about Trumps courage to give classified info to the Russians? Stand up for our country senator
When trump leaked information you learned Russian?  #thisisacoup!!!
whats weak and poor judgement, is the greatest threat to our security is sitting in the Oval ! And yu doing nothing. See the WaPo article!
Why not do something about the asshat in the white house who shared classified info with The Russians #unfit
Assad a pass?  What the hell are you givng Russia?
There is no greater weakness in American history than your boss. And you pledge loyalty to him not the people who put you where you are.
You've got bigger fish to fry right now.  45 is selling out our country right under your nose. Grow a spine and #ImpeachTrump
Are you out of your mind? What does #45 have on you?
This horrendous man must be stopped. Put him on lock down at the very least.
Obama was the worst president ever. He did not have the country's best interest as priority...AND he was arrogant- very dangerous comb
me graham. You lake courage you let trump destroy our country.
Bad timing  just when your "President" leaked highly confidential intel to Russians.
Totally agree w/ statement, & very surprised as you've shown a tendency 2 take other side of the road (like @SenJohnMcCain)
Until you're willing to support a full, independent investigation into #RussiaGate, don't talk to us about political courage.
What should he have done? Revealed classified info to Russia???
Bombing Syria was a distraction from #treason. #TrumpRussiaTies
Don't do that, Sen. Graham.  We have other things to worry about.  Help us.
Show us courage and come out of the closet!!
So i guess IRAQ would be called by  everyone else including soldiers who were LIED to an example of political strength & AMAZING judgment?
Don't show your weakness and poor judgement on the news of trump sharing classified info with Russians last week. IMPEACH NOW!
Didn't you vote no for Obama to use force back in 2013?????
The world is not South Carolina, with all respect. Perhaps you need to get out a bit & cultivate judgment & perspective that you sorely lack
Really? To bombard countries is courageous to invade countries is courageous, how about standing for the constitution, impeached trump
If you had as much courage as #Obama has in his big toe, you'd stand up to #Trump. But you stand by as US institutions gets dismantled.
Right lobbing tomahawks from MarLago at an empty airport is a real profile in courage.
Yo Senator... I better be hearing you talk about this poor judgement. He's putting US actions in danger.
Is he serious. Wait, he just may be
