I may not agree with you politically, but I can respect you.  Can't respect your lying leader tRump.  Impeach him to save your party.
From my perspective, the debt has been more than repaid-- Need full-time honest Senators; it isn't a rest home
@LindseyGrahamSC aren't you glad your friend has good healthcare insurance. We deserve the same.
Damn right we do
McCain wants (WW3) sells arms to ISIS thru ratlines and his girlfriend Lindsey is just as Crooked. These men R UnAmerican Term Limits!
With respect, McCain shouldn't vote how he wants to, he should vote how his constituents want him to. That's a senator's job, remember?
Graham-Cassidy needs to fail,it will allow premiums to increase 500-1000%,allow the return low cost,nothing covered policy's.People will die
Spoken like a true friend, sir.
John McCain said he would like to replace Obama care but he won't do it at the expense of millions. The man has what Trump lacks Integrity.
I sit on the opposite side of the spectrum than you.  However, I admire you sticking up for John McCain.  God bless you.
I want him to beat the sense into Rump. I'm not violent but... damn.
And graham should be retired. Let's play pass the savior bill.  We don't need to have hearings or facts. I'm the omnipotent Lindsey!
McCain and MissLindsey+gov are exempt from ACA why if it's so great?
Senator John McCain knows that Graham-Cassidy is a death sentence to millions of American's. Women,children,elderly, disabled.middleclass.
Not really. He represents the people not himself
It's not about doing what you want! It's about doing what's right for PEOPLE. 
Well said @LindseyGrahamSC.  Obamacare is not perfect, its a foundation that needs to be fine tuned.
With that type of attitude no wonder why you can't get a bill through.  The socialist left knows this that's why they do nothing.
Why doesn't Lindsey get emotional of people who really need Medicaid- fake tears
yay Lindsey Graham..what you said I respect..
McCain is a lying bastard. He wanted Obama care to go away for years, he only voted no to get back at President Trump, how childish of him
@realDonaldTrump stop already with the bashing of @SenJohnMcCain even @LindseyGrahamSC  can stand by his side.
Fake Boy tell Trump that!
Thy was actually pretty sweet 
Thank you for what you said about my HERO John McCain
GOP needs to own up to its responsibilities rather than pushing it to the state level on this Obamacare repeal bill. Vote NO!!!
Congress should take lesson from NFL playbook and vote in solidarity with John McCain on health care to make a point about American rights!
In other words,Mc Cain is dying& now is free to DO THE RIGHT THING! On the other hand, pathetic coward Graham lives on 2 do more evil deeds!
Exactly what is wrong in Washington D.C. today because politicians are sent there by the people to serve the people not "whatever he wants"
That's a rare quality Sen. Lindsey Graham has demonstrated in his comment about John McCain. They're both high quality people, unlike Trump.
then why did McCain+GOPe run for office saying they would repeal ACA?  was he confused then or now?
Term limits also limit corruption and damage. Mcain is a traitor
well he did not try to bribe him - you know Lindsey you have trained yourself well in speaking but what you really feel lies deep in money
No, he was elected to represent what the voters of Arizona want. They voted Trump. They voted for R&R. MCCain betrayed them.
I agree, so why don't you listen to McCain & reach across the isle to fix the current system with bipartisan legislation?
@LindseyGrahamSC repeatedly backs a president that attacks @SenJohnMcCain over & over. McCain has stood up to him, why won't Graham?
No he can’t He ran on repeal and replace He works for us
No @SenJohnMcCain hasn't. He is putting personal feelings ahead of his job
Listen to this swamp creature. Who cares if it doesn't pass . Please dont leave me John. We've built such a beautiful swamp together.
actually, he was born with that right, but thanks for the permission.
How did he earn that right? By making promises to the voters and then going back on them after he was elected?
What a great guy!!! Even if ur healthcare bill SUX!
That's the only thing that Graham said tonight that I agree with.
Did you catch that Donald???
Are you willing to die for this country?? No...cause you are a bone spur COWARD!!
this senator is....!!!
Exactly.
So shameful GOP pilots ideology above healthcare.  Many states, Indiana?, too dysfunctional to run healthcare.
WOW
@realDonaldTrump needs to go.  Resign, run off, declare bankruptcy.  FBI investigates @flotus and family Russian links?
Well not really Mr. Graham, when you run for re-election on the premises you are going to, get elected you actually deceived your voters!!
He should choose dying as a hero he never was?
Sanders compares to other countries which compare in size to our states.  Isn't that what Graham Cassidy is proposing.  Give to states...
Bs
No he needs to take care of his constituents not himself.
Hear, hear

Hell no
If you think this health care is so good you should have to use it also because we pay your insurance so use this one with us if so good
McCain thinks the rules don't apply to him. Look at his history.
Right on!
Only god has the right to do whatever he wants. The rest of us must do what is right. That's the choice we were given by the golden rule.
BULLSHIT on McCain's right - he owes his constituents that voted for him based on his _promises_ to repeal and replace!
So he does what he wants not the people he represents
Hard not to tear up witnessing the level of respect these two brothers have for each other and America.
John McCain is doing whatever the hell he wants to-
He said for years that disastrous ObamaCare had to be repealed. He was lying to America
Well,he's earned the right to do what the ppl of AZ want him to. From what I can tell he isn't doing that though.
He has betrayed the voters! No one bestowed a crown on him.
Read McCain's statement. His vote isn't a vote in the affirmative for either side of the current lunacy. #ACA #HealthcareDebates
I see a love for John McCain from Lindsey Graham.  Bipartisan fix to the AHCA is the answer and they will get the votes.
He sure has
I do not believe anyone has ever used that word in quite that way before.
McCain has not earned right to do what he wants. He's supposed to rep the voters. He campaigned to repeal Obamacare & obviously has no honor
Read McCain's statement. His vote isn't a vote in the affirmative for either side of the current lunacy. #ACA
You clearly are getting non pulsed out there- because you are wrong- you are one of the most entertaining Senators u need to tell the truth!
SenGrahamthks opiod addicted ppl jst need someone tht can help, not that its ws complex medical ppl tht COSTS MONEY,nt just a Helping friend
FFS, where is Jon Stewart when you need him to mock this self-righteous, smug, southern belle.
Lindsay, you sounded nonsensical during the debate, along with your buddy Sen Cassidy
I'm embarrassed for you. You're such a disgrace. You know you're lying.
If you really want to "save the country from going bankrupt", stop trying to cut taxes for the 1%! You're not fooling anyone w yr bullshit!
Maybe you should listen to your bff McCain. Your bill sucks!
Applause!
Its amazing R's completely disreguard Publics over whelming disagreement w/their Bill bt they continue 2 move forward w/obvious cuts instead
You are in the #swamp together.  None are really trying to get things done.  You want to do just enough to get re-elected.@Liz_Wheeler
You people arnt royalty, your representatives for the people of your state.cant do what you want to idiot
U better believe Jon McCain has earned more respect than most in D.C.
Pres trump Sen Graham sticking up for Sen MCCain
but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother.Proverbs 18:24 GOOD ON YOU @LindseyGrahamSC  Everyone should have a friend like you!
Finally something out of his mouth that's not a lie.
Lindsey already planning to try again in December at next Budget Reconciliation . Doesn't care what America wants.
Repealing the ACa will cost billions in lost healthcare jobs.  This is about using Medicaid fund for tax cuts.
Unfortunately the same caliber of president today
Utmost respect for @LindseyGrahamSC but what he is saying is that millions are going to die and nothing is going to stop it.
John is hurting the right he should switch over the Democratic party with this true colors
But your president doesn't respect McCain.  Insults him.  One of the two have scruples and dignity.  Hint: Its not the orange one.
Besides, the plan is not about Sen. McCain. This plan is about its own characteristics, and dimentions, and it fails miserably.
The people who elected him deserve the right to be represented by someone who votes for what is best for them.
Yes !
McCain has been a lightweight from the start.Sometimes America can be a very slow learner.
No rights earned by #JohnMcCain. You wouldn't understand, you never served.
He is a hero my respect to him but i don't  think there is a law that time served allows you to do whatever you want!
Yes Mc Cain has earned the right to do what he wants. Fortunately for us he wants to do the right thing.
You just don't get it graham. If you didn't have wealth you'd be f@cked. I'm Canadian and it works. Britain and others are even better.
The hell he & the hell he can!!!!
It's "whatever the hell he wants to" you dufus
ABSOLUTELY RUDE & NO RESPECT. MAN I THOUGHT YOUR DAD HAD HELPED YOU, WELL YOU HAVEN'T CHANGED YOUR UGLY SPIRIT. REPUBLICANS GO JOME BYE BYE
McCain is worth more and better that the rest of the GOP combined.
@amyklobuchar
Did you know how the traitor would vote before you introduced the bill? Maybe?
Your bill is a death sentence.  Period.  However, I do appreciate this comment.  No name calling, bribery and/or manipulation. Thank you.
But he got captured
Every action has a consequence.Senator McCain can put big boy pants on and take The criticism or praises for his actions.We can vote him out
Anyone actually think any of them are making a good case here? 
ACA wins
Dems lose ( bcos of Bennie)
Rs  have no interest in healthcare
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
He's getting his ass exposed to the world tonight.
He supposed to do what his voters want not whatever the hell he wants.  That's what's wrong with Congress.  In it for their damn selves.
That's the problem with life politicians, they do what they want not what elected to do!  Liars
Once again @LindseyGrahamSC can't tell us what's good about his bill. Can only dishonestly bash #Obamacare
McCain earned nothing, he lied during his campaign just to get elected recall this lying moron.
Lindsay needs a new Chicken hawk, taking applications now
I couldn't agree more. Does same standard apply to @NFL? Have they earned it?
Tickets? Coverage? Sponsors? I find it highly unethical for a president to offer such opinions for media coverage. Patriotic Propaganda

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Senator, you may want to mention that to POTUS!

A lot of senators believe they can do whatever the damn they want to & that's why we don't like them
Whoever applied Graham's makeup may have trained in a funeral parlor.
LIAR!! Planned parenthood videos were a fake!!!
No.  No they were not. But please.  Continue defending baby killers. It shows your true colors.
#APPROVED
Bernie is kicking ass tonight. Lindsay you say you understand Cdns well then listen to @SenSanders  for god sakes!
Lindsey those videos were fake
