I urge your former voters in SC, "come down like a hammer" on you for your attempt 2 undermine our President. YOU ARE the PROBLEM!
Mr. Graham, U forgot 2 mention 2 other groups who happen have been violent a LOT - BLM and Antifa - Why no mention of them in your talk??
@POTUS needs to come down on the @GOP crime cartel that does not support the will of the people who voted for President Trump. #RemoveRINOs.
What do you want him to do..He denounced them...Should he put on a black hood like Antifa & go out & beat people over the head..You IDIOT
@LindseyGrahamSC you've lost all your political clout, you're bankrupt and the VOTERS aren't lending#Rino #TermLimits #MAGA
What do u expect from McCain's girlfriend?
I feel like maybe Senator Graham missed this afternoons presser?
We have for 2 centuries, that's why the kkk is, at best, a fringe group. Now it's time to call out the left on their extremeism. Right Sen?
Thank you for speaking out, Mr Graham!
TRAITOR.SHAME ON YOU.RESPECT OUR PRESIDENT BECAUSE WE THE PEOPLE VOTED FOR HIM.NOT YOU .SO SHUT YOUR MOUTH.
Don't hold your breath, sir. Why are u the voice in the desert in Congress? I commend that you are doing the right thing.
Oh! repress free speech? If they are rallying peacefully you do not have the right to act against them violently! Who had the rally permit?
You, sir, are a disgrace to Conservatives and Republican party! You are more divisive than anything said by POTUS. Support not tear down!!
Good luck with that, Lindsay.   Who you gonna call to render justice? Renown Southern racist  Sessions?
Hahahaha!!! Oh, he's serious? Fat chance.
Don't hold your breath senator
And Antifa too?
#FLASHBACK: #Obama DID NOT condemn racism after #BLM radical shot 5 white police officers in Dallas @lotterypicker
Obama and Hillary ripped open the wounds of racism for political gain. This is the result.
am I the only one who just wants to punch him just from looking at his http://Mr.Rogers  haircut
Seanator Graham, as a Democrat may I say my respect for you only deepens. Please gather your GOP colleagues to work together with Democrats
You can't ignore what has happened today. This is the final signal to #ImpeachTrump before our country is completely destroyed.
@LindseyGrahamSC, you know damn well POTUS is a Nazi sympathizer and a white supremacist. Central Park 5, Birtherism, anti-Muslim. WAKE UP!
YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO YOUR PRESIDENT TO YOUR PARTY AND TO US THE PEOPLE WHO VOTED FOR POTUS WE LOVE HIM AND RESPECT HIM.SHAME ON YOU .
Is that what you did in South Carolina, Lindsey? I doubt it.
...
Jackass!
MR. ALL, ALL ALL, VIOLENT GROUPS ARE BAD, GET THEM ALL OUT, WHAT DID YOU DO FOR YOUR STATE, GO EAT AT THE MEANT RESTAURANT? SIT AND ATTACK.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT YOUR JOB DESCRIPTION IS? WE DONT NEED YOUR OPINION ABOUT TRUMP, YOUR JOB IS TO MAKE LAW, NOT TO GIVE YOUR OPINION IN PUBLIC
You're a vile disgusting liar Mr. Graham, your corruption was exposed w/ Podesta's emails. Be prepared to lose your seat, #turnCoats are out
Like Obama did when he invited Blake Lives Matter members to the Whitehouse?
Do you ever work?  Or just run to cameras?
He's been doing this for years. Where have you been?  Stop pandering to the narrative of the Left.
round up all 50 of them. These tiny irrelevant hate groups are a joke - why do 99.99% of Americans deserve to be lectured to about this?
There is nothing @realDonaldTrump could say or do that would bring this country together. The liberals are just a hateful intolerant group
What's sad is a country that needs a President to tell them what's right or wrong. Grow up! And he did denounce the evil ones ffs!
What? Nothing on antifa and BLM? Do you actually know how antifa was started?
But he wont. Why are you all so easy on him? Please stop supporting a man who doesn't care about our country.
We need to come down like a hammer on the liberal violence that the democrats are pushing
How about treating ANTIFA the same as any other hate group? Why do you support them? We the People will campaign HARD against you!
WE AMERICANS DESERVE SOME ANSWERS. AND WE AREN'T GETTING THEM. NO ONE HAS THE BALLS TO SPEAK OUT AGAINST ANTIFA AND BLM ABOUT THEIR RIOTS.
YOU ARE EMBOLDING ANTIFA, LIKE THEY'RE ANGELS, WHY? CAUSE YOU'RE BUDDIES SUPPORT THEM?  DON'T JUST PICK ONE SIDE. WE ARE FED UP!
AND WHAT ABOUT ANTIFA??? ARE YOU CHICKEN TO DENOUNCE THEM?? AFRAID YOU WON'T GET FUNDS FROM SOROS? WHY ARE YOU SILENT ABOUT THEM?
Shut up and go to work on passing Obamacare reform, tax relief, immigration, build the wall, etc.
Agree. But give the Democratic taxpayers a break they did not know they were being taken
Donald Trump Jr & Ben  Carson both confirm Obama admin stole $500 Billion to fund broken & failed Obamacare from Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae. 
3 days before Charlottesville you #RINO hack! Why don't you just join the #KKK #Democrats!
Hope isn't working @LindseyGrahamSC. Reps must now take swift action to #IMPEACHNOW.
Better and BLM, ANTIFA, CAIR and a few others Senator.  Don't be PC, not the time for it!
So apparently Graham you're not smart enough to realize the fact we detest what the KKK say they have a constitutional right to say it?
Hoping is not helping we need action from you!
TOTALLY Agreed. And also destroy cop-killing #blacklivesmatter and also get rid of racist affirmative action.
Very likely. Lindsey, it is time to come out so @POTUS cant blackmail you anymore!
Why don't you get behind our President..Your a Rino & Trator McCain needs to retire...I will never vote for you again. Rino's make me sick
RINOs McCain & Rubio got reelected then join the opposition.   Hey South Carolina! Don't let Graham pull the wool over your eyes in '18
If this state had Recall..His ass would be gone....He is as  pathetic as McCain.. People in SC are sick of him...
2018 is coming ...
Are you serious? He gave them the go ahead & even said they were good people. Grow some & be a man & stand up to DT. No more backing him.
republicans need to come down like a hammer  on trump!
My hope is that your party call him for what he is and begin the process of impeachment for anti-American stances he's taken since 1/20/17
Words are cheap/empty @LindseyGrahamSC! ACT!
Sir, Congress needs to "come down like a hammer" on Donald Trump! CEOs have more integrity and moral courage than our political leaders!
What about Domestic Terror Organization Antifa, Militant BLM members and Leftist Militants?  Whites are tired of the propaganda.
Um yea not gonna happen but you could step up anytime
Actions speak louder than Words. 3 Branches of Government! or NOT?
Hope,BS #TRUMPOWNSTHEHATE GOP? #DOYOURJOB #DOYOURDUTY 
#STOPTRUMP
For what? Exercising their 1. amendment right?
Hopes? For F*ck's Sake. The #potus IS the #Racist!  @GOP remove #Trump & remove #Pence, the you begin to fix your problems.
#SorosMustGo
What have you done to come down on the KKK and those who do violent things?!
Unite the Right turned up 500 supporters in a nation of 330 million.This   is a threat?Its & excuse 2 attack Trump &ignore leftwing violence
https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/897574964605460481 …
Trump carries a really big stick. No worries
That sure was wishful thinking.  How about the GOP doing something about it?  Lip Service won't help.
Lindsey ought you also denounce the violence and racist behavior of BLM?  Black Panthers?  are will you be silent on their violence?
You are a itsy bitsy
President Trump is a hammer on all hate groups. Antifa organization needs recognized as a terrorist group also 4 Riots, attack on innocents
Oh now Lindsey want to get strong about racism, How long has he been in Congress. Please
They won't because that's the base that they're loathe to offend.
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
Hopes no longer have anything to do with it.
Action is the only thing you have left.
But he/they are not doing that Sen. Graham. What are all of you prepared to do in response?  Something must change in this.
Seriously? Have you not been paying attention? @realDonaldTrump is a man-child throwing a tantrum because he wants to play with the Nazis!
He needs to bring the hammer down on ANTIFA & BLM as well
I think he has lost his chance to do that during these past few days -- don't you think?
Think you've had your 15 minutes Sen. Graham
https://twitter.com/realjameswoods/status/897539681038086146 … Start by taking down the former Grand Wizard!!!
When is this baby coming down? #HillaryMentor #KKK @HillaryClinton 
President Trump condemned all protestors that sink to the level of violence. Thank you Mr. President.
We now have nothing but RepDem in the senate. Starting with Alexander
After yesterday, we all know that's never going to happen.
Please do something !
It was just a light tap.
Stop being a knucklehead.  Two to tango Antifa and Nazis.  Same side of coin.
White supremacists are his base!!
Trump made clear he is friend to Robert E Lee and wants another civil war!!
"Hope" is not enough. You're a U.S. Senator AND in the same party as POTUS. Exercise that power to do more than "hope." #ImpeachTrump
We see who you REALLY are... 

#TrumpIsMYPresident #MAGA
Yeah, good luck with that.
It won't happen until you come down on DJT like a hammer, Senator Graham. You are southern, I know this is breaking your heart. Breaks mine.
Yeah right
Well, we all know that's not going to happen. Quit talking and actually DO something to stop this racist maniac.
@LindseyGrahamSC. Congress needs to act. @POTUS is unhinged & incapable of leading. This is on you if you don't end the insanity.
Respectfully, Sen. Graham, you know he won't.   Bannon, Gorka, Miller are his closest advisors.   He is alt-right.  He does not rep. USA.
Trump did the very 1st day it happened. You people are crazy. What the hell is going in our great country. You are all sick. Thank You DJT.
Good for you, Senator!
Lindsey needs to hang it up. Why does he get so much press?
*"HOPES"* Are you effin out of your mind??? HOPES??? DO SOMETHING DAMN IT.
That's not going to happen. And you know it. So what will you do @LindseyGrahamSC ? Asking for our country.
ALL Racist need to be confronted and condemned Doesn't matter if it's from Left Or Right!!!
do you just thrive having face time with the camera The Left uses you like a bat against our POTUS It's time to drop the rhetoric and work
well he failed to do so. so what are you going to do now @lindsaygrahamsc?
What will you do to ensure?
Much too late.  He needs to go from office. He doesn't represent the American people.  #Impeach45 #UnfitForOffice
They won't. So get him out of office.
And that needs to include the Nazi Brown shirts antifa Graham the @POTUS condemned.
Thank you for your strong words of condemnation. It's a start.
Trump is a lost cause! Stop hoping he will be different!
History is watching. Please #ImpeachTrump
You and the GOP are responsible for the Tyrant you support! YOU AND YOUR SUPPORT GROUP NEED TO GO! PLEASE LET THE DOOR HIT YOUR ASS!
You saw the real Trump yesterday! It's time to stop w/fake words and invoke 25th Amendment. There is no going forward after this!
Do something Graham! tRUMP has proven he will not change... Start impeachment process NOW!!! #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow
It's not enough to denounce what Trump said. You must denounce racist Trump, otherwise you are complicit.
And when are you going to do something besides talk? When?  All of you in the GOP talk but do nothing and you know what he is doing is wrong
Did you not listen to him yesterday @LindseyGrahamSC ?  Read:
DT is not gonna, he supports the supremists.  Be as outraged as I am. We have laws AGAINST this hateful behavior. Lead the Rs & oust him
Plz save America from this Insane @POTUS his direction for this country is clear! Dad march w the KKK. Trump stole #WhiteHouse owes PUTIN!
Thank you for speaking out strongly against this moral equivalency, Senator @LindseyGrahamSC
???????
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Senator Graham we want LAW & ORDER restored and offenders of violence held accountable! Not asking to much!
Pres Trump has inherited 8 years of div. by obama admin and you and others expect him to fix in 6 months!! He won the presidency respect him
You need to retire!
It's too late for "hope"...we have all been counting on hope...it's now time to take real action.
Hoping won't make it so. Do something!
The city took the money for a permit.  So I ask you, Who really is at fault? The mayor?  You owe the POTUS an apology.
What's being allowed, incited & encouraged to grow is HATE by the left. NOTHING @POTUS ever does will be good in their sad pathetic eyes.
Shut up Lindsey the more you talk the more girly you sound
Somebody tell me what I'm missing? White supremacist gets permit to protest, #antifa comes in and causes riot. WHAT AM I MISSING 
Look at people like Maxine waters coming out calling things racist when they are not she is just as bad telling lies both sides have problem
It starts with you fools in Congress and the Senate
You need to realize the President's tenuous grip on reality has degenerated into flat out batfecalmaterial crazy.

"Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals & thugs" - .@POTUS a stark contrast of Obama's 

…
Sen Graham i think pres Trump has repudiated white supremacy and racism. It's time you back the Pres. and quit attempting to be president
I'm an independent & voted 5 times both ways in my lifetime & under Obama I never felt more divided.
Why doesn't somebody bring this closet gay out of the closet come on tell it people expose him he's not truthful about that or anything else
Do you believe that the white supremacist have a right to protest the removal of the statue? Seems to me liberal rights are more protected
I can't stand white supremacy but I think u forgot about the 5 officers who died at a BLM protest.Violence is violence no matter where comes

And our international standing diminishes everyday that the @GOP lets this go on. That is not ok. #impeach
His words are dividing Americans? No kidding. His words have been doing that for two years. Now? YOUR party's failure to act is the problem.
Oh good grief-not sure to laugh or scream at graham for piping in his usual attacks on our POTUS and not very bright. Go take a nap Lindsey
Thank you Sen. Graham, I respect you as a man . I wished that the majority of your colleagues could find the courage to call Trump out.
Vote for Censure #censuretrump
Thank you Sen Graham for speaking out against the vitriolic&hateful tone of Trump's speech yesterday.As a democrat I appreciate your candor
Thank you Lendsey Graham!
Thank you, Senator!
Have you located your spine yet??

Stand up!

#ImpeachTrump 
#WorstPresidentEver
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump
Stop the lip service and execute the power granted to you by the Constitution and stop him. Use your "hammer"!
It is WAY too late. What will it take for you to finally show courage?
Mr Graham, I encourage you to start impeachment proceedings of the blatantly unfit US President. Your inaction is destroying our Nation.
You have the power to enact legislation. Take action yourself. Want to send Sessions clearly put you in the Nazi camp.
@LindseyGrahamSC  Republic leaders need to come down like a hammer on Donald Trump.  You're not doing enough!
Good start. Now - formal Congressional censure of Rump, and special investigator for white terrorists, since Sessions is a proven racist.
So, therefore, he will...
No more talk. #Impeach &/or invoke the 25th Amendment. Get white supremacist, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump OUT of the Oval Office.
Wow, nice words, but you need to grow a spine and start impeachment proceedings against 45.  Time to go
When are Republicans going to get a backbone and impeach the bigoted Trump? @realDonaldTrump @SHSanders45 @SpeakerRyan
I hope the Senate acts as the check and balance they are meant to be. A very visual bipartisan statement by Senators together is needed.
Donald Trump for King of America!
You warned us. You were right. Please stop Trump before it's too late. Our Democracy & The United States are in grave danger. Trump is ill
@GOP you must unite against Trump. If you do not, the People will never forgive you.
Please, sir, we rely on people like you.
You folks are full of hate.  Our President condemns ALL hate groups.
Pres helped and supported Nazis & KKK! will you stand by and do nothing or will you LEAD ? SAVE our Democracy PLEASE
Come down on all hate groups.  This must end.
@LindseyGrahamSC  Are you out to lunch?  Trump "come down like a hammer" on hate groups?   Did you not hear Trump's Tuesday presser?
Time for you to #DoSomethingGOP with your bigoted Republican leader! Action, not words Senator! #ImpeachTrump #shame
How did that work out for you?
#DoSomethingGOP
They didn't, SO U HAVE TO. Start impeachment proceedings. Don't sell America's soul 4 a few tax breaks. #ImpeachAndImprison the WH #Maniac.
@LindseyGrahamSC Be Aware Trump wants Civil War in American Soul @realDonaldTrump
but I thought you and @SenJohnMcCain liked #Nazis ??   seem to love them in #Ukraine
#impeachTrump
Start the movement in the GOP to end this presidency #BeBRAVE
