The competition is stiff, but you are certainly in the top 5 most fatuous moral cowards ever to serve in Congress. Always howling for war...
...wars you will never fight. But you love the thought of OTHER people dying. Makes you feel all wiggly, does it? Gooses your juices?
Whatever happens, you will be safe & secure in well-wadded comfort, peeping out behind your great big bodyguards to call for more war.
Your entire career makes this superfluous to say, but it's worth repeating: you are wretched, sickening, bloodthirsty coward. Happy Easter!
Please it's ISIS not ISIL.  This drives me crazy.
And they seem to be testing the Trump administration on all fronts. Thanks to leaders like you, many Americans have new sense of security.
No, they are laughing at 45 administration on all fronts. Thanks to complicit GOP legislators like Graham, Americans are less secure.
Unite as a country support your president
I would if I had one.
Would that be Trump, Putin or both? It's hard to know at this point. 
Aw geez. Get a grip! Have you been unconcious for 8 yrs? It's time we took leadership back!
He fired 59 missiles at an airport, & hit no runways, planes or fuel. At a cost of 100 million. And told Russia - but not Congress.
Gets Your facts right. Did destroy around 20 aircraft.  And destroyed ammo, weapons. Did not aim for runway or they would have hit it.
Oh come on.  Most inefficient bomb drop ever. Did squat just like the Syria strike. Impeach this idiot
You refused to allow President Obama to strick Syria .Now your praise the man who Putin put in office like he is s saint .
Still sticking to the Russian collusion theory? You dont think Dems and MSM interfered in election?
I'm actually a centrist and I voted for her for the USSC nomination. Would I have liked a diff candidate, sure. But no way in hell was I
Kelly 30 yrs ago American pride was alive. America was tainted by corrupt politicians. It was time for change.
Check to fuk us all over without anyone to stop them.
And Democrats allowing terrorists to freely come into our country was not hurting us.
Worse, not better. The country has never been more divided. You need to stop blaming Dems & generalizing. We re all part of the US.
Who do you think divided the country?
When Obama asked congress for buy in to retaliate against Chem weapons, didn't you take a stand against him? Why are you supporting it now?
#countrybeforeparty  @LindseyGrahamSC has decided his re-election is more important than his oath to America.
I don't think he's worried about reelection. Overconfident maybe? Enough of a nest egg from being bought by business so he can retire?
Nope, he's still leading from behind his golf club. On the brink of national crisis w/NK, and @POTUS is on the golf course
He's conducting business and bringing questionable leaders to OUR side. China, Japan, Germany and more. Can't you see that. It's so obvious!
ISIS
You really get off on these bombs. Wish you're just as excited about improving our #healthcare. Very disappointed !
No you're just leading with a vessel, an empty vessel named Trump I hope our generals can contain him.
How about our enemies here? Where's your support of LE? Do u not think them important? They are also the good guys. Why do u never mention?
I know you aren't that dense
You're despicable and delusional.  PUTIN PUTIN #PUTIN  PUTIN PUTIN #PUTIN  PUTIN PUTIN #PUTIN  PUTIN PUTIN #PUTIN  PUTIN PUTIN #PUTIN
I hope so ....
@kimguilfoyle Thanks to our brave,patriotic President. Every time you say ISIL you lose 1000 votes. I hope u keep saying it
Days of measured thoughtful leadership have come to an end. Randomly bomb the shit out of them is the new strategy. Works every time!
Don't ever forget you and the rest of your GOPdicks opposed Pres. Obama when he wanted to go into Syria waaaay back in 2013!
$400,000 per kill? Stupid use of military effort.
It was sending a message to North Korea. Let's see how far they go...
Sure, let's provoke them into a nuclear war. You'll love that, I assume, or are you being facetious? That latter I hope.
I think there is about to be 'world peace' but it must come against a backdrop of a major war. WW3. This could be it...
What happened to America first? GOP hasn't a clue as to a solid and uniform ideology!!
You are responsible if you do nothing to sop WWIII
Don't forget our enemies love playing the waiting game. We are operationally bipolar every 4-8 years. They know this.
While our president @realDonaldTrump goes golfing again this weekend. Good thing he's got North Korea under control. Geez
That's a pretty expensive and taunting g-d message. You will have blood on YOUR hands just like the rest of your war-mongering ilk.
War is bloody, unpopular, and destructive. However, we're in this thing. It's time to WIN!
I get the impression that 4 you "winning" is what it's all about, not about millions of soldiers & innocent people dying? Are U signing up?
GET HIM OUT!! Convenient distraction d or him.  GET HIM OUT!!
for .... Sorry
Get this straight Senator it is ISIS, not ISIL!!
Apples and oranges either way.  I stand by my potus Obama or Sen Graham.  Either or. Both isil and Isis are the same.  Please!! Do u get it?
Obama is no longer President. Get over it.
Yes I  know. But he was a decent human being. So, you get over it.
billions spent to kill 33. The message is that we are really really stupid
Why do you still say ISIL? That's an Obama era acronym. We say ISIS
Which means the days of reckless wars led by the bully of the world are back.
We'll be in touch when @GOP & UR crazy president start a nuclear war. In my long GOP life I've never been so scared of an admin. Very sad!
sir u are the equivalent of dousing fire w/kerosene. Scary that u r a "moderate" within ur radically insane incoherent bad for Earth party.
it's about time we had a President who leads from front. Thank goodness the whipped dog Obama is gone, know he just needs to go to jail for
Please rise above the hyperpartisan horsesh*t. Its beneath you.
Can @realDonaldTrump post your new phone #. It's ISIS not isil. You're not Obama.
By all means let's help our enemies recruit.
Your #WarBoner is showing. Cover up.
BUILD THE WALL, FUND THE WALL, Mr. Graham. Our money. We voted Trump.
You better hope that's the only thing "coming to an end".
ISIL? He just cannot stop himself.....smh....
Sucks to be a trump lapdog
Until we are dead, in the lead
I had, and still have, such high hopes that you and McCain can take the helm when we need you now more than ever. My faith is faltering.
Ended on inauguration day
It's not ISIL any more Lindsey Obama it's ISIS the creeps. Trump is taking care of them with the Mother Bombs.
America is going broke under this regime! And you might accidentally start WWIII just to try and cover Russian collusion.
Guess it’s easy for you to say — you have a bunker.  And how much stock do you own in those defense contractor companies?
You are smarter than this Lindsey.  I totally disagree with you most of the time, but I'll give you credit for sincerity...usually but this?
We have the most powerful military in history. Blowing shit up is no big deal. Moral authority, compelling argument, leadership, are lacking
They don't take anything you say seriously when you don't use the real name,    Isis.
first non-liberal thing I've heard you say all day...
Would you please stop referring to ISIS as ISIL. Good Grief you sound like Obama!
Careful Lindsey baby- your amorality and treasonous hypocrisy is glaring us in the face again. - SC voters will remember your BS
It's ISIS, Senator RINO.
Isn't leading from behind just as stupid as leading by the seat of your pants with no real plan in place...and no Congressional agreement?
For a while, I thought I could count on you....not anymore, what happened, L?  U know he's crazy???
And when you recognize the Levant, we are reminded that you're a RINO who capitulated to Obama for 8 years.
#TheResistance #Resist #ITMFA #NorthKorea #Russia #China #Japan #NuclearWar #WWIII #WW3 #NotMyPresident #DumpTrump #GOP #MAGA #TCOT #America
Gosh, if only there had been a congress with the balls to vote on 44's request to use force in Syria...
@kimguilfoyle  It is  ISIS
not ISIL.  GRAHAM should know the difference.
TERM LIMITS for Senators and Representatives.
And the days of spending hundreds of millions dropping bombs that don't do anything are just starting?
Yeah let's bomb the crap out of all those brown and yellow people. Let's show them you're
The man. Absolute power corrupts absolutely and you republicans are demonstrating that daily.
Amazing what a few bombs will do to convert somebody to become a strong advocate from being a strong critic
What message? The new sheriff  has legal issues. Is he tossing bombs to distract? You  are cheerleading for GOP and DJT rather than USA. IMO
YOU are fanning @realDonaldTrump narcissistic flame. When he drops his first nuke to distract from impeachment you'll be accountable.
Bombing is not leading sir. Peace breathes peace. Leave that mentality in the past. Preserve generation x
Lead by providing healthcare, education, and a life filled with  hope. Threat of war only make things worst. Lead
This man is a war monger, I heard the ammunition companies pay him specially
Do you know ISIL is the symbol with no Israel? Dream of ISIS and Obama.
No thanks to you!  Who did you vote for? HRC?
War monger.  Trump is going to kill us all.
Come on Senator, ISIL is an Obama term, ISIS,ISIS, ISIS ! But I do agree with your assessment.
We declare diplomacy officially over. America 1st- over. Isolationism- Over. Stability-Done.  
  --Trump administration and GOP followers
Ugh .  Thanks for the reminder that I don't actually like you.
ISIS not ISIL!
Senator: Isil is an Obama instigated word identifying Islamic Radical Terrorists! Now Isis appropriate as it has nothing to do with Obama!!!
I'll take leading from behind (whatever that is) over leading from ignorance @realDonaldTrump @POTUS any day. #ToddlerInChief
$600 mil to kill 36 ISIS fighters. Great lead!
You took an oath to protect your country from all enemies, foreign and domestic.  #Fail  #trumprussia You are #complicit
message is a potus tht will do anything to distract from Russia story & #GOP that will ignore #treason #partybeforecountry
Being arrogant and careless serves no one but the arms manufacturers. Ordering military action with no thought is stupid.
Make DT release tax returns. Finish investigation of collusion! No to a traitor starting a nuclear war as diversion tactic!
We can't be misled by these bombings here and there.... seen that 'wag the dog'...
I can't wait until you lose your job!
When is your term coming up so we can vote you out?
I thought of you as a voice of reason, but what is your responsibility when this aggressive approach to NK takes us to WWIII? Do something!
Don't go overboard with your enthusiasm just because you found one thing about Trump you like, Senator.
Agreed!
Agreed. I don't like Trump but I love my country.
So... @realDonaldTrump is in Afghanistan? Otherwise has leading from way behind?
Violence without diplomacy sends a message alright... just not the right one.
The GOP & idiot boy Trump are hell bent on destroying the world & no one is doing a damn thing to stop it.  You must have stock in Raytheon!
You make me embarrassed to be a South Carolinian.
Days of calling it ISIL are too.
you don't kill intellectual ideology with a bomb...
Hard on for war is all the GOP  has going...sad for humanity!  #ResistTrump #PeaceThroughKindness
I hope your term comes to an end.
When did Good Friday become Happy Good Friday...morons!
Yessss!
"half-measures"? Really? So when does the 15-years-late conquest of the middle east finally begin, in full?
Your anus must be so tight that it backs up and the shit just rockets out of your mouth. Loosen up and try to act like you respect all of us
You disgust me so transparentb
Most def ISIS, don't pull that Obama crap!
That's ISIS . We don't need fake Republicans like you. You need to go in the next election.
Warmonger much, Lindsey? Do you KNOW what that FAE does? How it works? How are WE different now?
Sounds like your trying to convince yourself.
Do you have a current list of America's enemies I can refer to? Asking for a friend.
And when North Korea nukes Seoul and kills 20 million people because trigger happy @realDonaldTrump drops a #MOAB on them? #NorthKorea
With apologies to the Republic of Korea and Japan. @potus apologizes for the stress you are feeling right now. He's just a blubbering bully.
So why does Congress consistently shirk their responsibilities in relation to military action?
Y does Senator Graham continue to say ISIL it reminds me of Barry and Company?
Amen, but lose the old Administration's lingo. It's ISIS. #MOABBomb #CanYouHearMeNow
So are you promoting more violence? With Korea?  This is getting serious, and the US government needs to start acting like we are leaders.
Make sure that you do right by the President and the American people... We're watching...
Did you run it by Putin first? Who am I kidding, of course you did.
ISIS. You sound like Ovomit with that ISIL crap.
Yeah, cause we're as freaking crazy as they are! Wonder how this will end?
Senator u no Afghanistan is no win & Syria will b another Iraq with Sunni & Shiite killing each other. We r hated for invading their lives!
Two lunatics whose daddy's did not love them enough are going to destroy the earth and mankind. Yay, Day 28 of potus vacay and golf
Also gone are the days of USA not being led by an orange skinned child rapist, but what do you care? The guy you despised you now turn to
Shut up!!!
Who's the enemy, Lindsay? MOAB going to deter those splinter cells or lone wolves? Please...
Yeah -but don't let that fool in the White HOUSE  get us into another war! Especially with North Korea. We may not get out of that one.
WE THE MAJORITY OF THIS COUNTRY WANT EVERY RUSSIAN PLANT OUT OF GOVT BEFORE ANY MORE MILITARY ACTION IS TAKEN  YOU ARE A TRAITOR TOO!!!
ISIS or Daesh.  ISIL is a sympathetic term used by supporters and dumbasses.

The only message Islam needs to receive is extinction.
Then why hasn't the #MOAB used before,  like in 2001 when this war started.  You are being played as a fool by POTUS 
#TrumpRussia
How can American feel safer when we are using more and bigger weapons, but the @POTUS will not say he authorized using them?
Good job Lindsey. You are the Cape Cod's favorite person for lots of reasons ! And mostly mine too. Thanks !
Why r u calling them ISIL the Levant??! They will never control it so use ISIS
You clearly do not understand our enemies.
The message globally is we, the US, is being led by a president under FBI investigation for collusion with RUSSIA and possibly treason!
"I do declare!!"
Senator, Obama gone - ISIL gone. It's back to ISIS now.
BAM 
Who is ISIL? You mean ISIS?
or maybe the world NK unstable crazy leader taunting not good idea unfortunate DJT knows nothing of diplomacy with China Russia USA GOP war
U will be on the wrong side of history my friend! Thanks to Trump a Democratic Tsunami is coming b ready to get washed away
To be clear: @POTUS44 NEVER led from behind. He actually just exercised real leadership, not macho posturing.
Graham is leading from behind as usual. What a slithery politically correct snake-
@realDonaldTrump
@EricBolling
@EricTrump
#TrumpTrainGo!
I wonder what it took  for u to finally sell out but it's apparent Trump finally has u on the Trump train. #sellout
Stop using the term isil in your tweets and on television you look like an uninformed boob can one of his INTERNS please inform HIM
Just curious Senator Graham, what do you think of Trump now?
Senator for the love of God stop calling it ISIL THAT IS AN OBAMA TERM AS A SLIGHT AT ISRAEL REFERRING TO THE LEVANT IN THE MIDDLE EAST
Yes Sir, you are right.
RINO go home!
Indeed, @LindseyGrahamSC: But, the nomenclature has changed now from ISIL (or Daesh) to ISIS as @POTUS would put it. :-)
A new age of ineptitude and conflagration is coming.
Leading from behind? Pres obama is one of the most phenomenal humans on the planet.We were lucky to have him lead us. You idiots blocked him
FFS, Trump walked into the party and pissed in the punch bowl. Our allies can't wait to cooperate with that asshole, right Lindsey?
You fight against what the people want! We want TRUMP, not you RINOS! Oh and STOP calling them ISIL like obama.
It's hard to "lead" when you're enjoying three-day golfing weekends at taxpayer expense every week.
You are not pres. dip.
No, they're just beginning.
What do you call Trump getting a 20 minute lecture on China/North Korea relations from Chinese PM while in a diplomatic meeting? Leading?
Ibama wanted to bomb them- correctly asked Congress and was told "no" - trump the illegitimate potus does WTF he wants - you approve?
Coming to an end.....telling choice of words.
Why do you insist on calling them ISIL when they call themselves ISIS. ...  did you and Obama go to different schools together ?
@POTUS has backed away & flipflopped on so many things nobody knows whats real policy. Dangerous times created by @POTUS a #StupidRichPerson
