#FakeNewsMedia
Russia Sanctions before Mueller Presents His Case is Stupid!! 
Intel was ALL obamas Dems & MSM! RSA has Iran-Chain & China-NoKo's
IGNORANT
We don't watch state TV, @LindseyGrahamSC
Lol.
Why bother? You and McCain are all maverick talk but you vote the way Trump wants you to. You have no spine. Plus fox is all propaganda.
Fake News
No ty u let we the people down,Good luck next election,,Oh how much were u paid and by who
I don't even get Fox. Please come on CNN or MSNBC Senator. Much respect for your view on DACA. Will you please do something to protect TPS?

Nope don't watch that propaganda. They are partly responsible for the misinformation that has been spread.
With all due respect Senator, why is everyone tip toeing around the fact that our CEO operates in a "mob" mentality?
Lindsey- shut the heck up!
You're a swamp man...I hope you are voted out soon!
Never watch Fox.
No thanks. I'll catch the highlights somewhere else.
Faux news aka Trump Network?? NO thank you.
Why?
I don't watch fox...perhaps if you were on CNN or MSNBC then I would
God bless you for introducing a law making it illegal to fire a special counsel without judicial review
Let's see how far that goes.
Thanks for being on the wrong side last night - I thought you were an independent thinker. #FailureFriday
WHY did you vote yes!?!?
I hope we do not have to depend on congress or senate to protect us from N Korea.  They'll never do  it. Sick American!
How can you live with yourself? Just when I was about to believe in you. Find out your voting yes on skinny.. shameful

Lindsey rocks!
Sorry Lindsey, I don't watch FoxNews
Every time I watch Fox I lose 10 IQ points.   And I don't have extra!!
No thanks.
How dare you pretend to care about the people of the United States while supporting their early demise?
Great Decision by @POTUS 2 Give tg tha boot!
DJTs AMERICA 1st vs HRCs Social-Globalism - Decided the 2016 Election!!
No thanks.. not at all interested in anything that comes out of your pie hole... go away Senator.  Thanks..
Refuse to watch Fox News ! There the ones who distort the truth ! The are delusional, if your on CNN , I'll tune in.
Why are you on that propoganda network? That is Hitler 101. Traitor!
No Fox News-I have a brain...
Protect our healthcare!
Why?
But...Fox is a garbage channel that lies to America's rubes. Why would I watch? Why would you go on? Oh, right. GOP propaganda.
 = 
Speak with a respectable news organization and I'll tune in.  Fox is a disgrace.
Fox news is for entertainment - America doesn't find the destruction of their health care entertaining.
.. your a bum...and you can share your thoughts with #CNNFakeNews or #MSNBCFakeNews


Nope.
🖒🖒
Thank you  for standing up for Democray today!
Seriously?  Don't watch that propagandist crap. Talk to a real news outlet!
Since conservative news is the source of the division in America. Call them out on it Lindsey
No thanks
Agree. No thanks! Can't wait for your departure. Cronyism abounds.
I'll tune in to @NPR or PBS @NewsHour for real news. I will never watch faux Fox news. Please exercise better judgement w/ your appearances
#StateNews
Nah
Fox News* - bully horn for Trump

Lindsey-sure looks like chaos is increasing in the WH, and now Congress by threatening female colleagues? This whole admin is outrageous
Sir, it's difficult to listen to everything.I can't be the only one who is tired & also afraid of what 45 will do next. Please, lead.
AG session serve at the pleasure of the president is loyalty should be to the president I see He must go resign
Pass. Neither one of you are worth my time.
No.
More talk backed by no action I presume.
Never Fox News!
Speaking more nonsense.  Was never a huge fan of yours but thought you had more backbone than what you've showed lately.  Coward
Thank you for the clarity Senator.
Let me guess....you tell everyone how wrong Trump is & then you sit back, smile & do absolutely nothing about it!!! Actions/ louder words!!
Please help protect the USA and our system of goverment!
You're better than this
Please Lord have mercy on us(A)
Why do you always turn to Fox News to deliver all your BS?  Is Fox News the GOP defacto safe house for you???
Nope
If You Are A Republican why do So Many Democrats love AGREEING with you on Twitter & follow you? I think Lindsey Graham your a Dem wannabe!
Great message! Even though you piss me off! I have to admit i could learn a lot from you! Now put Hillary in jail! Please 
Maybe any other news. But why? To hear you talk tough and then bend to kiss the ring? What was your vote on HC senator? Oh, FFS, never mind
Couldn't you find a respectable network? Sorry dude, I don't watch state propaganda TV
No.
YOU BETTER WATCH YOURSELF THE LORD IS TAKING NOTES ON WHAT YOUR DOING..IS IT FOR VANITY OR TO PROTECT AMERICA FROM EVIL..DO HIS WILL NOT URS
No thanks. I don't need to know about Hillary's crimes. I'm busy worrying about the real president.
So you and Faux News can continue to propegate lies?  No thank you Senator. #SHAMEONYOU
the gop propaganda channel. you are better than this.
More BS?
I like you Lindsey but I'll pass on the fox thing and wait until I see you on a news show
#ImpeachTrump

You should be working towards this one and only priority until the mission is complete.

#ImpeachTrumpNOW
I just got at&t, what channel is it?
Don't let the Fusion GPS "story" overshadow the depth and damage that ™T's Russian collusion has done &is doing. DNC & campaign were hacked.
Good to see you and hear your questions and comments at @Billbrowder hearing and Fox news. Thanks for protecting American democracy 
No thank you.
Never trumper ur so bias it's pathetic RINO PRIMARIES
I'll see you on CNN/MSNBC.

LOL, no. We're wise to you, Senator #Rubberstamp. You say a lot, but you do nothing.
Alot conservatives aren't happy with GOP rt now, me one, but good convo with @ShannonBream bout fusion gps n Russia n connections with Dems
Try to talk some sense into them
Makin Pi Kapps proud.
Zero chance of that. Never Fox.
sorry, but
So will @SenateGop investigate Clinton, SOS & campaign ties to Russia now?? Follow example of courageous #BillBrowder
foolish.
Why?
Announcing changes to Mt Rushmore?
This SC voter wishes that you would speak with a credible news source.
Fusion GPS was initially hired by republican donor/operative...Facts matter.
GET.A.SPINE. Stop talking and take action against Trump. He is ruining our democracy. #countryoverparty 
FAKE NEWS!! Thanks Obama!!!!!!!
Can't do Fox, they lie too much.
To Fox? No thanks.

Trump must go.
Sorry Lindsey- I will never vote for you again.
I don't watch fox
Don't trust the Fox. Signed: the hen.
https://youtu.be/-PQn9dNk-ps 

You have very limited time to check the @POTUS power.  You are not checking him and history will not be kind to the #GOP
A network that couldn't be more beneath your office. Bring hand-sanitizer.  
Faux News lies
Thought you only did CNN
NOPE
No thank you. My tv hasn't taken it's meds yet.
Faux News is crap. You voted to take health care away to give rich ppl tax cuts & you want to allow our waters to be polluted. Out you go.


Great job with cnn. Not home to watch fox
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC
DO SOMETHING!
When you go to speak with @nprpolitics  Let me know!
Why won't you actually do something than just threatening Trump? He's a danger to our democracy. Do your job!
Why?
No...I have a thing....
Nope
Speak the truth
Stay strong and support nation over party and presidency
I'm a conservative and even I will pass. Worthless.
I have to clean my oven...so no.
Tell it straight, Lindsey. You SEE what's wrong. Please start SAYING what's wrong. Or, increasingly, you're on the hook for the madness.
Yo Lindsey, your president is nuts. Please do something about it.
Whatever you do, don’t look into that interactive magic mirror!
I'd have to gouge my eyes out.
got the name wrong -> Trump #propaganda TV
Not even a little
Ummm yeah....no
I'm good.
nope.
