
Russian snakes. Period.
A case of "knowing" what he could not know. If compromised,  Trump's role is passive: Putin dictates what Trump does and says.
And Nixon didn't break into the Watergate Hotel room
Um. It is more like: And aliens didn't assasinate JFK.
collusion is the least of his worries. I'm sure Mueller has plenty.
And this statement has caused me to see no evidence L. Graham is at all interested in finding out, only protecting Donald of Orange.
Donald of Orange would imply he is related to the Dutch Royal family. For the first time in all these tweets I feel insulted 
If you're wrong Lindsey I will be with a large portion of South Carolina that will help to remove you from your seat!
I am seriously hoping that Graham is staying undercover and resisting. There is a slight chance that hes just playing the role, for justice.
I don't personally think it underscores anything and probably should not draw any conclusions until the investigation is over.
the walk back begins.  @LindseyGrahamSC underscores he's seen no evidence that Trump individually colluded...      He had help and enablers.
"individually"?  Geez.  With this statement, @LindseyGrahamSC, has informed Americans that he has seen collusion with the Trump campaign.
Graham is dirty & his political consulting friends are already getting picked off.
http://www.rqasc.com/helped.html 
But does he see evidence the campaign colluded? It seems Republicans are going the semantics route here.
Ru #Kompromat is driving @LindseyGrahamSC's BS "I have seen no evidence of #TrumpRussia #collusion responses."
Stop being a Shill 4 MSNBC. Trump isn't 1st Choice of Many yet 4 God Sake assimilate w/ reformation or be on wrong side of history 4ever.
There's no evidence period only accusations.  Innocent until proven guilty unless you're a liberal. Liberal logic.
"No evidence?" There is a mountain of evidence. U are ignorant, gullible, naive, stupid and/or racist. Take ur pick
List them please.
Prob not, he had all his goons do it for him
I feel like this is a moving goalposts to personal collusion.
Cheating is cheating is cheating. Loving thy Russia is a bad maneuver.
Cheating is @MELANIATRUMP mela& #hanksiemers #melaniatrumpaffair
@lindseygraham stop making excuses for POTUS! He knows EXACTLY what he is doing and saying. Call a lie a lie. People over Party
Because there is none. But Comney is guilty as sin and should be arrested ASAP.
His testimony will be about Trump trying to stop the investigation...or did your superior intelligence and intellect miss that point?
That's a very fine hair to split. That language allows for everybody around him to have colluded and Trump to have ordered it and known.
He's a traitor and he is going down with the rest of them.
"Individually" does not rule out obstruction / coverup.  Nixon didn't "individually" pull off the Watergate burglary either. Means nothing
Interesting that he said "individually" though. Means he had accomplices. Which we already knew. But pretty much sums it up for me 
Remember a month ago, when Lindsey tried to act like he had a soul? Like a "good" Republican? In the end, he was just a more polished Rubio.
That makes me shiver thinking about that.  He's polished?
Bet the FBI, NSA, CIA, etc. have seen it. Lindsey sure must have seen evidence of obstruction of justice, since he's participating in it.
Did the wind direction change?  You seem to have changed opinions again.
Let's just say Trump didn't collude. He's sure giving Putin everything he wants right now! WHAT IS UP WITH THAT?
But does not have the guts or integirty to stand up against those that try to undermine the US government with these innuendos. @SenateGOP
First of all that makes no sense.I mean it literally doesn't make sense.He's playing with words. These ppl did his bidding for him
So he's admitting he's seen evidence that Trump's campaign did collude with Russia.
And he probably saw no evidence that Hitler "individually" killed any Jews.
Well, a conspiracy always involves more than one individual.
If he wasn't and his campaign staff were, what does that say about his leadership? #CluelessTrump #HeDidIt #RussiaPuppet
Wow are you giving the company line.
Emma where has he been denouncing the process. Asking for Hillary investigations into real crimes, the Obama unmasking, Where???
Let's see what Special Counsel Mueller comes up with. I'll believe that.
Party over country SPINELESS LINDSEY!!!
Interesting that he says Trump personally. Not saying anything thing re the campaign team
That he can talk about! Security clearances are a two edged sword.
Which says he has seen evidence that the campaign colluded. He hasn't seen it because no one trusts GOP MoC to do the right thing.
Dear Senator, you will be among the last to see the evidence now that we have special counsel Mueller taking over the investigation.
Graham "There are a lot of people who want to be loyal to the Republican Party...I would like to support our nominee. I just can’t." 6/8/16
It seem Lindsey decided to be loyal to his party rather then his nation.
Looks like your made up your mind even though the Special Prosecutor's investigation has just started and Senate's is ongoing.
Adding the word "individually" doesn't exonerate the @POTUS. Number of those around him being investigated is rising & getting closer to him
If you keep your eyes closed you can be assured not to see anything important.
Graham is trumps boot licker and should be investigated for Treason to America.
Then he hasn't been paying attention.
Page Manafort Cohen Flynn Ross Sessions Stone Kushner Ivanka Tillerson Gordon Gorka Prince Ephsteyn EricTrump DonJr Caputo Sater Farage-Duh
And he won't be seeing anything until investigation is completed. Sorry but no one is trust worthy in Congress these days.
#votelindseygrahamoutofoffice
So there should be no problem with the testimony.
I see no evidence he's done much for the people of SC
But Lindsey Graham HAS seen evidence that #tRUmp COLLECTIVELY (with his campaign staff) colluded with #RussiaGate. #resist #DonTheCon
Man, it must suck that you attached your whole life and career to 45. You will go down with him. SAD you put Russian interests above US.
Now u admitting that there's no evidence Trump colluded with Russia/Putin in2016 elections.there's no evidence of interfering in elections2.
Hell no, he didn't do it individually. He colluded with others!!
Lol. That's sort of the definition of collusion. Silly @LindseyGrahamSC
Operative word...INDIVIDUALLY.  Of course he didn't get on the phone himself...that's what Kushner, Sessions, Manaforte, etc. did.
The American People are sick of the Russian Crap! Obama/Clinton had ties to Russia, NOT TRUMP! We are not stupid, enough! WE LOVE TRUMP!
Why would Graham seen any evidence?
Yes Senator Graham you are beginning to look pretty sad. Your stock value is crashing. Country first that's the mantra
Why would he see it?
I think we all realize Trump isn't smart enough to do it on his own.

"Individually?"  Really?  That's the qualifier being used now? If he's only surrounded by collusion that's just fine?
Define individually
Is the investigation of collusion over? If not how you must add to this statement but our investigation is still ongoing.
Key word Individually what about the rest of his campaign partners
Hasn't seen.  HMMM..  you are not looking.
Collusion probably least of DTs worries.  Follow the 
Suck on that dreamsicle a little harder Mr. Graham
Look for the connections instead
He needs to have a soul chat with Barney Frank, and just come out already. All this pretzel logic to cover his proclivities.
but due to him running his mouth so much the IC won't tell him shit.
Bingo
"Seen no evidence" just means he hasn't been shown anything.  Again, more nothingburger Republican blathering
Not really a shock considering @LindseyGrahamSC has no backbone & he did not say @realDonaldTrump did not collude as part of a team
Oh Linds, buddy, this is not a good look for you. Everyone who covers for this guy gets burned. Bad.
The man is a menace, a liar and is bent on destroying America and has done business with Russians for years. What don't you see?
Supporting treason is equal to committing treason. He didn't even attempt to hide his requests for help from Russians during campaign
Could be, call me crazy here, is because its still an ongoing investigation?
Keyword individually
Language change from no evidence of collusion between Russia and Trump *campaign* to Trump *individually*...Mueller's coming!

Lindsey Graham is looking out for the GOP instead of the good of the country and that makes him a traitor.

Conspiracy doesn't need individual involvement in all actions. It requires analysis of the collective evidence.
Trump individually has obstructed the investigation and most likely justice.
And we see no evidence the senator will ever grow a spine
You're pathetic. How you've lowered the bar. 1st it was no contact, then the contact was innocent, now it's collusion but not Trump directly
I missed the interview but does what does he mean by "Trump individually?" I could take that many ways.
Well can I suggest that you start looking at the totality of the evidence.   You knew they wanted to remove sanctions Day 1.  Why?
Wow, Who's this Lindsey Graham? Where did they put the other guy.
It's disturbing to see these life long public servants tank their reputations for this guy. And I'm sure he's not to be trusted with any 1/2
evidence since its become very clear that he'd screw over the country to keep his party in power. Republicans gladly took Russia's 2/3
assistance during the election and by spreading Russian propaganda they are still happy to do so. Our Founding Fathers would be so proud.
excellent excellent points!
“individually” - hah.  His whole fucking team and family was in cahoots.
"individually".
Than you must be blind! #VoteAgainstLindseyGraham #Traitor #Accomplice
Oh no!! I didn't realise @LindseyGrahamSC had gone blind as well as stupid! We are doomed.
"I have seen no evidence that Trumps own brain - specifically the front part - colluded"
I'm guessing that is not something they are going to share until it is time for the @realDonaldTrump perp walk in a strong breeze.
Lindsey Graham needs to open his eyes a little wider. Quid pro quo right in front of our faces.
