Mountains of circumstantial evidence from each and every member of his team, all meeting with numerous Russians, denying then confirming
When will a Republican take a bold stand on #TrumpRussia? Because your tweet? That's not it. That's a bare minimum, not heroism
All the connections, all the moves made by the Trump team points to inexplicable behaviour with a foreign adversary, time & time again.
Trump & his gang of idiots, freaks and geeks are going down. So will a sizeable chunk of the Republican party with their meek impotence
Republicans exhibiting meek impotence in the face of what will eventually be identified as treason can expect this won't end well for them
Still no heroes in the Republican party, not on #TrumpRussia. Colluding with a foreign power to subvert American democracy is simple treason
You've really gotten yourself worked up over this. Problem is, the colluders weren't Trump's team-they were BO &Hillary-& they're laughing.
The time has come for you people to stop making stuff up and start looking at what's really going on. Be a patriot. Be a better American
How about firing Mueller to put an end to the WASTE OF TAX $$$?!? WITCH HUNT!
Get serious.  Even I know the evidence is there against @POTUS .  Not a theory or suspicion.  You make no sense. Now we r gonna B toast ????
You are the problem, Senator ! You need to resign or you constituents need to chuck you out !
Why are you creating legislation to hamstring Pres Trump while you allowed Obama to do whatever he wanted? Who's side are you on? Not ours!
To prevent Trump from handing America to Russia on a plate
Thats fake Russia conspiracy theories #fakenews have taught you, sheeple.
Lindsey, If "no one is above the law" then why isn't Hillary in jail?  Hipocrisy!!!
Because she was investigated and no crimes were committed. 
In wasn't a investigation remember, it was a matter.
Thanks for playing Kristina fake account/bot. Buh bye block!
If there's a god, just let #OrangeMan not misdirect Russia inq back to himself while he's on his hypocation.
Senator, do you realize that those 2 statements together constitute an oxymoron? Fire Mueller & get on with supporting our Prez.

Here a reason to fired Mueller, he has ties to Mr Comey. His entitled legal team has potential conflicts with Clinton Foundation.
Mueller and his team is stacked against Trump with Dems. You are infringing on President's power.  Support our President
If this is the case @sen Lindsey Graham STOP WASTING taxpayers Dollars.It's time to end Comey's little buddy #Mueller illegal investigation.
Illegal?  Sorry for you that Investigation is not in Graham's hands. GJ train has left the station. Nothing illegal=no charges. Simple.
And how many weeks, months, or years -using millions of $- should this farce continue - with no evidence forthcoming, but still...looking...
Tell me, Mr. Graham. How much better off would America be if we took the time & MONEY Mueller has spent & put it toward the REAL corruption?
Exactly.
Why and when in the hell did pussyfoot Lyndsey Graham become the sole spokesman for the Republican Party!!!
Lindsey Graham should keep his trap shut! Everyone that has any sense knows Soros and obama is causing the riots for 25.00 an hour!
The Mantra of a trump supporter when confronting the truth and there will be soo much truth. #shelostdealwithHim
The trouble is that all your "truths " are not backed up by facts. They're true because you say they're true.
Oh honey ... don't worry when it all comes out we know what you will say.
Truth always wins. If you're not for God than you are against him. So I believe it's you who will be without words when the truth comes out.
God is with the man who won’t condemn white supremacy? Not likely.
Where's the damn crime?
That's what the investigation is for.
No! They're fishing for a crime to charge someone with! There's NO evidence of ANY crime having been committed! 1 year and NOTHING!
Why not let the investigation play out ??   What are @realDonaldTrump administration afraid of ??
Who asked him?
you are trying to play both sides, off the fence, why don't ya!!
LindseyGraham Time ToRemove http://TheBlindFold.You  KnowNothing will Fix WH. Arrogant Ignorant Conman Occupying the WH hasShown He'sClueless
Sir, are you serious? We see everything? Why are you denying the corruption, ethic violations, etc.?
He's going way beyond what he was empowered to.  Looking at POTUS dealings 6-8 years ago is not relevant nor allowed.  Two weeks to wrap it.
TIME 2 REMIND POMPOUS SENATORS.THE HANDFUL OF VOTERS THAT SUPPORTED YOU ARE A SPIT IN THE OCEAN COMPARED TO THE MILLIONS THAT VOTED FOR DJT
When are you going to put your support behind President Trump? Your failure to do so is making a lot of us doubt your loyalty to us.
Why not fire Mueller?  There's no crime. Needs no investigation. Cost lots of money. No reason for it
We demand a special council to look into how congress makes millions while in office on their salaries.
How the good people of SC keep sending this low life to Washington is beyond me. Lindsey drives the wages of his constituents down...
by importing illegal cheap labor. He thinks you are his serfs. Sends you children to die in foreign wars while he denies your vote.
It seems the Uniparty is real and Graham is a card carrying member. Can not get @potus his appointments but for leaving on vacation
while denying his ability to make recess appointments. Graham is a disgrace to your state and the country. Would U let him baby sit?
Then why are you protecting Mueller with an constitutionally flawed bill. Has decided on a team & it ain't TRUMP'S. Lies like a CLINTON.
because you're a #DeepState #RINO
Let's see.  He's a close personal friend of Comey, who should be incarcerated for leaking. He's hired only left wing attorneys for the hunt.
There's no reason to have even appointed Special Counsel if Senate did it's job then, more LEAKS from Mueller, keep your word
Graham you said if anymore LEAKS from Mueller office he would have to answer for them, it's time u keep your word
IT'S REALLY NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS! You are a deep swamp RINO who has NOT supported OUR president AT ALL! SO FAKE - NO ONE FALLS FOR YOUR BS!
How about the biased lawyers he has hired-- they worked for Hillary on her foundation & her email scandal-that's conflict & he doesn't care
You're making me 'queasy' Redeem yourself #MAGA 
how about the taxpayers that are paying for this stupid investigation stop throwing our money away
we don't need the RNC to be tying our presidents hands in any area of his job
the American people are going to remember how you and the rest of the Republicans thought our president
fought our president
So if no crime @LindseyGrahamSC, why waste OUR money on the Mueller collusion?
Sen Graham isn't a criminal investigator. Just as Mr Mueller isn't a Senator. Let's wait for Mr Mueller's findings.
If your a stickler for the rules on Special Counsel, you should agree Mueller should be replaced. Cant be SC due to Comey relationship
When are you and 'Buddy' John announcing your switch over to the Democrats? You two guys, plus Collins, are killing the GOP. Thanks for 000!
Would be nice to see ur steady support for POTUS. Guys like JMc r killing http://GOP.Talk  to 'buddy' John. He f***'d up Healthcare.
That's funny,because there's NO evidence of Russian Hacking, RINO/Liberal establishment won't speak of Crowdstrike https://consortiumnews.com/2017/07/24/intel-vets-challenge-russia-hack-evidence/ …
If Mueller not fired, Trump will do it. RM acting out of bounds-don't say he's not, Trump will, can do it, because HE CAN, LIKE IT OR NOT!
Actually they are just forcing him to play fair
You see 0 reason to fire Mueller? ARE YOU INSANE? check out affiliations+ donations behavior of RM team, ties to Comey. FIRE HIS ASS! NOW!
Here's a reason: he has left the mandate cause he couldn't find anything there and now trying to indict Trump over his personal finances.
Which is it? @LindseyGrahamSC
You can't SERIOUSLY be so blind and obstinate as this...and expect to stay a decision maker FOR US! Where is your integrity? Gone by wayside
L. Graham can't claim to be so close a compatriot to Sen. McCain and conduct himself so cowardly and crookedly. Dangerous hypocrisy within.
YOU SPEAK OUT OF BOTH SIDES OF YOUR MOUTH.  RETIRE AND GO HOME
LG says he'll hold Trump, Mueller ACCOUNTABLE. WE NEED TO HOLD LG ACCOUNTABLE FOR MEAGER SUPPORT OF POTUS. Depose Mueller. Shady legal team.
Spoken in true Comey-speak.
Mueller's special counsel is stacked with a bunch of Dem donors, Clinton Foundation lawyer, Mueller's Comey's BF! How is that fair? Anyone?
No evidence to fire Muller?  He should resign, there is an obvious conflict, he is being a head hunter.  You can't see this?  Resign.
This is all a joke from the commie dems to get rid of trump and take control over stupid americans. Pathetic illegal country
Graham needs to go. He's an obstructionist to the President's agenda. A NeverTrumper. It'll take a brave conservative to run against him.
So u can say w/o a doubt no collusion or crimes were committed? Americans deserve to know!
Always great for a smart ass one liner/sound bite but no substance.... always falls in line with GOP even when it's obviously wrong.
Reiublican swamp witchhunt. Unforgivable. Wait for election time Swamp. We are not stupid.
without POTUS the GOP is dead
How about a conflict of interest?  Look at who he had hired?  You are a fool. POTUS made the Republican Party relevant again
IMPEACH Trump obstruction of justice
We the people of SC will be voting @LindseyGrahamSC out... we got your back @POTUS
Graham is in the swamp with the Dem's. The Dem's are on the Mueller Team.
We all know Mueller is looking for anything he can find. This is wrong. Find a good grand jury for Clinton & Obama administration.
Anonymous S, say that the Russia investigation thru today cost $50 million Tax $,by the year end will reach $250 million. Is this a reason?

Why was Mueller allowed to bring Uranium to Russia? How did the previous administration sell US Uranium to another Country?
Y'all can't even see why he's taking this stance...it's because he's protecting Trump from himself. Firing Mueller would be a disaster.
If you found evidence of a crime by @realDonaldTrump would you then call for Mueller to go that is the real question because he's guilty
Still holding onto the #Trumptanic and praying it isn't really going to sink
U said this?  U see nothing.  Dereliction of duty? Treason & disparaging our democracy. Undermining R republic. 
attacking LGBT & minorities
You need to change your party to Democrat
Your either with the president or against him and Graham is obviously not with the president .
bias is not a good reason then what would be? 17 bias lawyers sucking our tax $$! Get a grip!
why is special council necessary? Are they looking into #Hillarygate?
the investigation is an unnecessary distraction. A waste. No end in site. Move on to #MAGA
No crime committed special counsel appointed?? I guess not on your SENATE ,his liberal team should be shown the door, but keep Mueller.
Lindsey has NO problem with Mueller wasting millions tax payers $ on 16 hand picked HRC muppets
How about his conflict of interest???
Fire Mueller and someone run against Graham. His opinions change based on polls. He's all that's wrong with DC. #DrainTheSwamp
Graham is a weasel.Saw his true colors when he stated he didn't care if Trump made Congress pay for their ObamaCare,because he has Tricare.
That's a bold statement to make even before all the evidence has been gathered - or has trump changed those rules too?
#FireHannity
It's best to let it play out and let him be found innocent. That will put it to rest.
Lindsey cant help himself.  His entire reason for being is to crack down on conservatives & then to say we shouldn't be so hard on liberals
So if Mueller finds there was a crime by Trump he should be fired. Poorly worded statements or what?
you are premature in saying that Trump committed no crime. You need to wait for the grand jury outcome.
Awesome to see and read the "Russia never happened crowd" now freaking out......
Impeached inexperience delusional narcissist rascist bigot @realDonaldTrump
U don't do anything with crime right in front of ur face,U let dems tell u when 2 sit,stay,come,ur a puppet 2 the clinton regime like coward
Still riding the fence
Comey,Robenstein,Mueller, it's all a set up u http://idiot.vote  in more successful businessmen folks, no more gop OR dems,let's fix em
No crime here......just vengefulness! Americans won't forget Lindsey Graham! If McCain were being investigated, you'd be screaming! CORRUPT!
Graham is a Vile disgusting traitor! VOTE HIM OUT NOW! He does NOT support our @POTUS and is a warmonger along with John McCain!
He's went way past Callussion,and now just trying to find anything 20-30 yrs ago,plus Too many buddies like Comey ! Bad Deal  Fire Him !!
which authotity has that Mueller team, which bypass all democratic institutions of the state? #repeal&replaceGraham2020 !
So if there was evidence it would be ok to fire him?
Why keep him?  It's a witch hunt that we the tax payers are footing the bill for.  Look at who he's hired.  Bad for America!
blah blah blah blah blah #GoHomeLindsay
Rep. Trent Franks: Robert Mueller must resign
If there is no crime what is mueller doing searching 4 a crime fire him
Graham represents the establishment and defines term limits, vote these slackers out of office they are destroying this country
Trying to keep your job, LindseyGrahamSC?
Graham you & McCain never did support President Trump u r doing everything to sabotage our President and his agenda.  FIRE MUELLER NOW!!!
THE ENTIRE REPUBLICAN PARTY IS GOING DOWN WITH THIS FAKE PRESIDENT, AND THAT IS WHAT LINDSEY IS TRYING TO PROTECT.  GOING DOWN.
The "FIX" must be in #America!  Covering up so they can escape Justice!  @realDonaldTrump getting beat by #DeepState?  DONT LET EM OFF HOOK!
lg your a snake a two headed one you too will be caught in your lies
Senator I lose a little respect for you, everytime you go on Fake Fox News a right wing propaganda outlet, as a moderate I find it insulting
It is what it is, it can't be turned to sugar
You're such a Stooge Graham! No Evidence of Crime means Mueller Should be Fired,Not empanel a grand jury,Unconstitutional!You're a Globalist
Graham/Globalist so Stop putting on the Act of righteous bystander bc that's a http://Lie.You &your Globalist pals want @POTUS Out!
This bogus investigation is costing us money
This should read I find no evidence of a crime so I find no reason to HIRE Mueller? He can't just move to done other investigation????
"If Kerry had said it, we would have something to say" you hypocrites suck.
Mueller, being friends with Comey, can not keep things fair! Also, why have you not investigated Obama and Clinton? Unmasking, cheating!
There will be many, that will implicate you in this mess. You and everyone else knows this is NOT a fair investigation. It should be illegal
You asked for a reason to fire Mueller. How about CONFLICT OF INTEREST!! How about being friends with the witness and Clintons!!
graham, if you aren't toast already - Something happens to Trump you a gone pony boy.
L.G. I need to work on your body Lang. Eyes and body lang gives you away. Forked tongue. LYING out of both sides of your mouth
#GreedOverPeople #BaseControlMessaging  #FOXPropagandaArmFor1%SecretGroup depicted in #DARKMONEY by JanetMayer #MiddleClassUnite
Really?? How about Comey ties? Hiring lawyers connected to Obama and Clinton?
Comey committed perjury   Told Congress he had no papers about Lynch Clinton meeting. Had 400+. Nothing done
if they don't close the pointless investigation soon then it must be shut down.  It is dividing the nation! #returntosalem
This would have gone so much smoother for @POTUS , his bizarre comments and actions re: Russia makes him look guilty.  Self-inflicted.
what is trump worring about.he won't be indicted or impeached.he maybe censured.he can pardoned jared and don jr.
Yeah but you're not investigating so who the fuck cares?
What!! Omg!!! No crime why investigation!!!!
Graham is delusional you would think he also has brain cancer
He has to see the contradiction ! If there isn't a crime why hurt taxpayers with this investigation!!
I don't like to use the word stupid But Graham is STUPID
Please stop  i have never heard trump say he was going to
why don't you get off your high horse Lindsey & start backing out President. We've had enough of ur crap!
Have you read the statute. He must recuse himself. No option!
Its not your call. Get back in your bubble
I see no reason for Muller and his democratic army of attorneys if there is no crime. Just a waste of time and money. Let him go now!!!
Then what's allthe crap you are putting out on hhe news. I haven't heard a single thing from you investigating uranium gate or Bill Clinton
Alsovwhy is a known Dem in charge of investigation of Trump when a lot libs lost money supporting the crooked Hillary. Do your job stop them
Hey Linds- a lawsuit is filed claiming u molested a child. No facts, no evidence. You'll support FBI invading ur house and long trial?? 
That makes perfect logic
There is reasons for firing Mueller, but sure we can let this play out. Because we are paying attention to the swamp.
If there is no evidence of a crime, then FIRE MUELLER. This is a witch hunt & you're allowing it to continue. Shame on you
Fire Mueller.  This is not a witch hunt.  It's a Political Hit Job against @realDonaldTrump .
And that, ladies & gentlemen, is a very careful fence-straddling. #circustricks
Then why is the witch hunt being allowed to continue. That's a totally contradictory statement!
Does anyone know everything the Mueller investigation Does? Then you can't say there is no evidence.
Then you're not looking.
Quit wasting tax money
What about the legality of him
Our President didn't do nothing wrong but Hilary did but she's walking the streets right
Mueller is a crook don't u see it Lindsey u allowing our hard earned money to be wasted on nothing u should pay for it
Maybe so, but doubt you have access to info that Mueller's team has. Better to stay silent than send out personal opinions w/o proof.
Quit talking out of both sides of your mouth!!!!
I do! You have no right to tie our Presidents hands!
How about conflicts of interest Mr. Graham. To many with Mueller and his team showing no independent views clearly biased.
Your citing "conflicts of interest" here, in defense of Donald Trump, would be funny if you weren't so serious.
Well, @LindseyGrahamSC, half right!you could have got that result flipping a coin! Did you use your voting record coin?
My apologies, @LindseyGrahamSC, you might be right! Perhaps true target is Hillary and not our President!!
How would any of you find evidence against Trump? That evidence rests in Mueller's hands and none of you have access!
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2013/05/10/us/politics/in-bombings-a-bitter-bookend-for-robert-mueller.html …. Mueller has massive conflicts of interest & failed to stop Tsarnaev brother attacks by ignoring valid intelligence.
Another deep state player
No crime means no need for prosecutor. Looking for any irregularities equals a fishing expedition...  Time to end the witch hunt!
Graham. You would betray yo mama. F off.
Duh that means it's bipartisan then.
duh how silly. It's run by a Republican.
Duh it's run by a Republican & supported by 95% of Republicans.
As a taxpayer is see a big reason to fire Mueller and his team, besides the witch hunt we are paying real taxpayer monies or u don't care?
And apparently you do not even see the conflict of interest with Mueller. Yikes!
Is Mueller Going To Expand The Investigation To The Clinton Collusion With Russia ?? Thats A Fact , Trump Russia No Evidence Found!!!!!
How can you say no reason to fire Mueller? There was NO crime! Its illegally undermining our President & our right to have him 100% focused!
Focused....now THAT'S funny
You are reason why @realDonaldTrump and our country is being destroyed. This Russia investigation is a HOAX you fool. Let Trump fire Mueller
Let @realDonaldTrump fire Mueller now you fool. Why let the Liberal Media & elites use you and McCain to destroy the republican party? DUMB
Graham and McCain have been kissing demo butts for decades; traitors.  They are probably the leakers, they love dirty Mueller; do nothing.
Graham is a traitor and WE THE PEOPLE  have every reason to fire you!
Fire Mueller ... he is a traitor and a fool!
That's a good one Graham. Let's see if DT agrees with you, good luck
Muller is a Dem chasing his tail!
Funny no evidence of a crime but making sure POTUS can't fire mueller or lift sanctions, hmmmm, doesn't sound convincing
How can they keep a straight face   There's no crime. Needs no investigation
Shame on Graham for undermining our President
speaks with forked tongue
Haters, listen up. During d election, Americans that didn't vote for Trump was due to concerns.  Those concerns r GONE. Trump gained voters
...And, I see no reason to listen to this Graham jerk!
If there is no evidence of a crime there is no justification for Muller’s prosecution existence.  Let alone use our tax dollars galore.
Graham is not privy to the evidence that mueller has. He has seen no evidence, because he's not involved in the investigation
If you find no evidence of a crime there is no reason for a special investigation. Stop with the double talk and stand for something!!!
There are lots of reasons we would like you out of Washington.
Nobody will know if Trump or his team committed a crime until Mueller's investigation is completed.
That's why we have an investigation!
