That should have been the plan from the beginning. Congress is designed for bipartisanship to do what's best for the citizens, not donors.
Why is the GOP coming up with  this plan after 8yrs this scary what happens in the next 4rs
The origin of what we're seeing can mostly be explained by the Koch brothers not wanting George Bush to expand Medicaid in 2003.
Medicaid.....Hello? It already exists...Republicans do not want to expand it. They want to cut it. Graham has voted for these cuts. WTF?
Obamacare wouldn't collapse if tRump didn't have his greedy hands in it.
What the he'll is he talking about Putting the sick in homes They can't do that .That is a personal Choise He sounds like a dictator
Obamacare collapses like Arkansas ten commandments monument, only this time GOP driving the car.  #didIdothat ?
Democrats want Single payer Health Care That was their plan all along I guess that okay with you all? Premiums were skyrocketing before Rep.
https://youtu.be/IVdz3Jij_zk  We need to repeal and replace congresses Health Care - FIX the affordable Care ACT NOW
The Democrats want to rule your whole life That was HRC plan Is that what you want Zukerburg talking about universal income Socialist NO,NO
How about doing this as soon as possible? People will suffer either way if you do not work with democrats
I am not a republian but I must applaud your honesty and integrity - your willingness to work in a bipartisan manner speaks volumes 
Please work with Dems to fix the ACA. Please, please.
Maybe you could try to do that before you all completely defund it and it completely fails
no it was collapsing last year. Deductibles and premiums going up..up.
Sit down with the Insurance companies. Do not push this KILLCARE through or you are DONE.
Why don't you sit down now with Dems to find a win win solution for everybody? The Dems are willing.
Don't let it collapse. do the work bipartisan with women and POC included, then present new plan. #HealthcareForAll
Leave Obamacare alone unless you can improve on it.  All you all want is the giant tax cuts....fess up!
Compromise & working together are virtues in govt. Partisan animosity is not serving the American public. Please be a leader in cooperation.
It's about time for bipartisanship in this. Very angry at the Republicans' unwillingness to work together for the good of all the people.
Sick of all Obamacare is collapsing talk as if it was collapsing on its own. The R s have blocked its funding causing havoc to real people.
Are you serious What was causing all the problems before the Republicans took over? During the election Premiums were sky rocketing Research
Oh god forbid!!!!!
Until you address the cost of medical care and medications in USA, insurance will continue to be expensive. Address Costs!!
...or, you could push for a better replacement instead of the shit sandwich you're trying to force us to swallow.
Please stand up for what is right and vote NO on TrumpCare. It's a disaster!
ACA needs some changes. R's need to stop the sabotage to ACA #KILLTHEBILL not ppl
Why can't u sit down with dems now & fix it b4 it collapses.  Take care of the ppl as you were elected to do. Don't screw us over any of us
https://theintercept.com/2017/07/06/republican-lawmakers-buy-health-insurance-stocks-as-repeal-effort-moves-forward/ … Begin with "investing" in the American public who you work for. #KillTheBill
It's failing because U and the repukes are killing it. Shame on all of U. Is winning more important that "Country"?
Oh my, do you mean...cooperation between parties (gasp). ABOUT TIME!!
If a democrat mentioned "Managed-Care Environment", GOPers would be screaming "death panels!"
You had better really think about what your wishing for because I promise things could be so much worse. Look at Venezula!
Why not do your damn joy and fix Obamacare before to collapses instead of doing what you can to make to collapse!?
Why wait??? You are making political gambles with lives and the entire healthcare system!!!!!
Plan A should be to FIX Obamacare and Fund Obamacare PERIOD. You do not "have to invent the wheel" !
The fact that you only work for the GOP,until you hit a wall, tells us that you need to resign.
Why not now Sen? You can form a centrist gang of 8 and be the adult in the room to fix ACA. 1/6 of the econ is not something to break.
Thank you 4 injecting idea of country 1st into healthcare debate. But u shouldn't wait for Obamacare to collapse. Work across the aisle now.
Wow one guy in DC with common sense...Bravo.
Yo republicans-u are facilitating the collapse<light bulb>why don't U try governing and fix it? I know governing is unfamiliar 2 a lot of u
Hey Lindsay, Make sure you "LOCK MITCH OUT THIS TIME" He's an impediment to getting something "real" and beneficial for all done.
Maybe Graham could have short cutted all this BS and suggested this solution all along.
GOP kills Obamacare and then we're supposed to sit down and negotiate with the killers?  No thanks!
Translation: "Our crappy plan isn't going to pass, so we'll sabatoge the not-so-crappy but still not great plan before doing our job." #ADCA
Why not just fix what's wrong with Obamacare.
Any plan that is not bipartisan will not be sustainable.
Please do something for the kids with autism and need ABA therapy who are on medicaid funding. They are going suffer without it and no hope.
Please continue to work to help make healthcare about the patients not the politics.
Maybe a starting point would be not to pull out $800 million and give it back to the super rich in tax breaks.
I like your thinking. 
Just as long as both sides are willing to make concessions. I don't see Rand Paul and others being so open minded.
I still don't believe you.
Why is "plan B" a last option?  Take repeal off the table and set down with Dems to fix ACA.  Act like adults and work together!
Why were ACA mandated subsidies cut to insurance companies when it got up and running?

Sounds like sabotage, but now Reps own health care.
So basically the majority can't get the job done and he needs Dems to do his homework for him.
U, while actually putting anvil on its neck, insist ACA is failing. Do the right thing give up on tax cuts 4 rich & insure everyone!
The #GrahamPlan, Part B
Just fix what's already there. You're behavior is causing prices to rise. It's not the ACA's fault - you're pushing it off a cliff.
That is exactly what is going to happen, but ObamaCare will have to fully collapse 1st
That my senator. Sit down with the Dems. The Dems never did that. R's won all. Grow a pair and take control for once.
Just repeal the bs GOP passed to handicap the aca and then make it work. From my understanding the aca is a GOP bill from heritage fndtn.
You are the problem
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorTimScott perhaps you and Tim could get to work on a bipartisan solution as soon as GOP plan fails. Why wait?
Thanks for putting the elderly in a managed situation... NOT. The prob is insurers, not sick folks. Single payer fair for all is way to go.
This is not a game. It affects D's AND R's. If you allow/push for ACA to collapse with nothing in its place, it's on you and your party!
Begrudgingly, This guy is on to something but he won't do a damn thing with it. Blah, blah, blah @LindseyGrahamSC
Here's a thought: Obamacare isn't perfect, how bout we, you know, try and fix it instead of starting over with something worse?
Why isn't talking with Dems plan A?
So are you seriously expecting to put the severly I'll in nursing homes to drive down cost.
Please keep hammering the 10% Pool.  That is the most intelligent idea out there.  Don't back down.  PERSIST!
IfGOP KeptItsWord-NoProblem
7YEARsPROMISED
GiveUs-H/Sen/WH
2015Bill-GotThruParliamentarian-
@SenateMajLdr "ROOT&BRANCH
@SpeakerRyan Words
Why wait for ACA to fail? Time for @SenateGOP and @SenateDems to fix ACA. Keep the good and fix what is broken. #SaveOurHealthcare
McConnellCareKEEPS 10ACA
Mandates-OutOf12-IsNotRepeal
ACAWasPlanedToFail-2GetSinglePayerLooksLike @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan WantSameThing
Not good enough senator, why not work to improve Obamacare, make adjustments

Should have done that first! How is Graham voting
Why the hell didn't you guys do this 7 years ago? Even Dems knew this bill was flawed, but instead you obstructed. Now, you want to talk?
Flat out stupid. So it collapses and what happens to those that are paying for the Obamacare crap. Lindsey, you should just leave NOW
Obama care collapse is assisted by Congress and Repubs; this is about Obama, not public health.
WHY IS THIS NOT PLAN A?
"Sit down with Democrats (had 7 years but obstructed instead) after Obamacare collapses (we sabotage it) and find a way forward (save face).
Why wait for collapse and chaos?  Start working on improvements now.  Country before party.
What he describes policy-wise has nothing to do w/GOP plan.  Why isn't he pushing for what he thinks might work?
I don't think he has read the GOP plan.
Why not sit down w/ Democrats NOW? Why can't these people act like adults & work together? If I refused to work w/ coworkers, I'd get fired.
Why is this your Plan B??? Seems like maybe this should've been the first route.
This should have been plan A
Obamacare won't collapse unless its stabbed in the back. Biggest problem is the old school ins cos playing the same old game w new powers
Kudos to the Senators who have stood for their states and constituents over the Deathcare Bill. Too bad Graham and @SenatorTimScott aren't.
I love u Linds, but why isn't this plan A?
Why can't you sit down with them now Senator???? Were democrats invited to WH today???
@JordanSwta
Or you KILL it
Your plan B better include retirement, Lindsey. You rinos promised for eight years to repeal. I'd hate to be an (R) running for re-election.
There's the establishment plan.
Get rid of 45 and you might be surprised what could happen! How far are u going to let him go before he completely destroys America?!
Still a jerk.
That's called.....bipartisanship?  What a concept!
Why isn't sitting down with Democrats to find a way forward Plan A?
Why wait for it to collapse ?  Pretty childish and vindictive
Maybe, just maybe try sitting down BEFORE is collapses? Just a crazy thought.
Yes, let's sit down and negotiate after people start dying.  Good plan, Senator.
wow - he's arguing for a public option -  must defeat the #HealthcareBill
'Managed Care Environment' = Sick Pool = Can't Afford = Death
We need a mechanism to deny Congress Health Insurance
Yup, makes sense, wait till you make it fail then work with Dem's.. GOP party before Country! Shame on you Mr. Graham!  Shame on you!
Managed care environment? Sounds like the homes the mentally ill and disabled were placed in - abused & forgotten. We are better than that.
Maybe that should have been plan A ?
I mean... why after it " collapses" . That seems... " mean". Grow a pair and work with Dems now
How about sitting down now?
Sounds like a man who "represents" his constituents: "if ramming it down their throat doesn't work, we'll be forced to work with the people"
After it fails not before? So punish Americans you represent so you can say you beat Obama? I'm sure that will get you votes next election
How about now?
*Now* U want to "sit down"?After sabotaging,falsely accusing?Riiight.Whatever makes U C the blood on yr hands.
Sounds like someone's willing to compromise. @SenateMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan, @SenSchumer, @NancyPelosi take notes #DontNeedToRepealThough
Obamacare will.not collapse if Repubs do what they're supposed to do.
Or you could fix it now.
Backup plan? He means after republicans successfully sabotage the ACA. Lindsey's racism in refusing to call it what it really is is pathetic
Why not sit down NOW and fix aca, why wait till fails. This is not serving the population of our country
It wasn't the Democrats choice to use reconciliation to quickly make major changes to our healthcare. Take some responsibility.
Power plays made in weakness seldom work out. You should already know that.
Hopefully you will spend this Independence Day pondering independence from your leadership.
Blaming the Democrats. Pathetic.
Could've just done that from the start nimrod
@LindseyGrahamSC best not wait and then do something...we're tired of politics with our lives. Fix it!
I know you want to stick it to Dems but why wait until it collapses? You want to see people get hurt? Just do the right thing & fix now
What happened to caring about the ppl? Is Christian conservative a name tag you wear? Or did u forget to ask yourself what Jesus wud do?
Its all about repealing everything Obama did. Republicans continue acting like greedy sore losers.
Why would you wait until collapse?  Maddening!
So he will sit by and allow dt and @GOP sabotage ACA. Nice
How about start fixing it now? 
Can't you sit with them sometime before it collapses???
The Democrats own Obama care let it collapse super majority in the midterms
Snake Graham!
Denmark began providing Universal Haelth Care in 1914. GOP had 103 years to get it right. Blowing smoke while Americans die!
Poor guy..Has to back to the health/insurance companies that gave him big bucks and tell them he failed. No tax break this time
Plan B? that should have been the plan from day one. Collaboration between the parties is key for any progressive success. #Valles2020
OR YOU COULD START TALKING TO DEMS NOW
Why not sit down with dems before? Do your damn job!
Five democrats don't see how close this is to O care? Lock it in now so can't change later? No half a loaf scenario?
How about do your fucking job and not intentionally cause Obamacare to fail???
I know right when all else fails
What a novel idea/practical &nonsensical what's wrong with the rest of Gop
Why don't you look at Obamacare and see what you can improve on , it all can't b crap.
The way forward, universal health care for All.
Why couldn't that have been Plan A?  Seriously. It's like selling a car because the wipers don't work. Doesn't make sense.
@GOP had many years to have a healthcare plan ready, collapse is their fault why their were not ready #healthcare #SenateHealthCareBill
Why not do that now, Senator??
Obamacare really does not have a chance with Trump and the GOP sabotaging it.
Why not repeal the parts that need fixing&keep what works? Then they can say they repealed Obamacare but still pretend they're human beings
Why letting Obamacare collapse? Is already in place, why not getting all involved in creating Obamacare and fix it?
Do the right thing Lindsey.  I know it's in you.  You are better than Trump.
Lindsay Graham's Depends are as full of shit as he is!  Really unbecoming when he prances around in his TuTu!
Has nothing to do with democrats republicans don't want it  the people don't want it
Remember we voted you in and we will definitely vote you out Lindsey!!!! GOP learn to work , not destroy everything.
Because that's what needed to happen before all these secret closed doors deals. They are fuking with people's lives.
Lindsay is a democrat!
Dude it won't collapse if you stop sabotaging it.
@ABCWorldNews @LindseyGrahamSC They love using those words. "After Obamacare collapses". Shame on you all. #ProtectOurCare
Have some balls and do the right thing.
Vote NO in trumpcare and actually sit with democratic to fix Obamacare.  Call it whatever u like but be an actual legislator.
GOP is intentionally sabotaging Obama Care just like they did w/his whole presidency. Sabotaging anything & everything he did or tried 2 do
Let it die!! The Dems were dumbass enough to grab that third rail, let them burn with it. Don't throw them a rope, throw dirt on them!!!
How about fixing what is broken in the ACA instead of starting from scratch??
Stop letting 45 sabotaging it.
Shouldn't that be plan A?
No longer Obamacare the Republicans own healthcare lock stock and barrel you all broke it and can't fix it it's TRUMPCARE like it or not!
Plan B? Withhold subsidies, forcing Obamacare to crash. Enjoy
You all are making it collapse.
How about you try to work with Dem's before Trump causes the ACA to collapse. I know it's like preventive care but you might surprise us.
Why arent they doing this now or for the past 7 years. Cause they dont believe health care is a RIGHT. They never wanted any social programs
Ridiculous. It's always a pissing contest
