This Sunday we'll be joined by Sen. @LindseyGrahamSC for an exclusive interview only on #CNNSOTU. Join us! 
.@LindseyGrahamSC 

Enabling Putin's extortion of America is not a good look.
Russia really is not your color @LindseyGrahamSC
.@djmincey11 @LindseyGrahamSC 

winning power at any cost. They have no allegiance to America.
Only to their personal 'offshore accounts'. 
LG's as anti-Putin as they come. He's being cautious. We all want him to get there sooner than later; but he'll get there. He's not for sale
.@studiocafebleu @djmincey11 @LindseyGrahamSC 

we will find out soon if loyalty to us is more important than Party
I hope Meuller & co are burning the midnight oil.
.@studiocafebleu @djmincey11 

I have little faith in the political process, but will refrain from giving you a difficult time.
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! NO socialized medicine! #UnitedforFreedom!
That's right,stop the hate Trump games &do good for a change.
Plz #KeepThePromise & give us #FullRepeal!! NO to #SwampCare!! We don't want gov in our ins! Its really none of your biz! #UnitedForFreedom
@batterman_terri Ur seniority&confidence welcomed when hard 2know who 2trust Please cont 2back PRESIDENCY even if Pres disappoints @times
Push into the unmasking situation, the leaks. This country needs you!
Mention that Dr. Charles Bennett met with you about the dangers of CIPRO TOXICITY.
#FULLREPEAL #UNITEDFORFREEDOM It is pathetic to shut off your Facebook page so you dont have to hear from Republican voters.
That was fun.  You evinced disbelief at accuracy of Kushner story while the admin. confirmed it on another channel. Nice work!
yeah- i wonder if that was lost on him or if he's taking part in these dizzy proclamations comng from diff angles on purpose.
GET OUT OF OUR HEALTHCARE LIVES AND BUSINESS!!!!!
Keep your promise. #FullRepeal #KeepTheFedOutOfHealthcare #UnitedForFreedom
You look pretty in this picture
Dump Obamacare.  It was bad enough, we definitely don't want Trumpcare.  The Government has no business controlling our healthcare.
Stand apart from POTUS & demonstrate leadership & courage; These are the moments that you will be remembered for. thank you for your service
He didn't do that . Russia owns Graham too.
Russian money is controlling Graham. It's obvious.
Please don't speak with CNN.  They are trying to destroy the nation.
Is Graham stupid sleazy or BOTH? "The WH HASN'T DENIED the WAPO report which specified that Russian communication.."
Federal gov't has no power, nor ability to manage healthcare - free enterprise!
#Bible #Constitution #Liberty #UnitedForFreedom #FullRepeal
@LindseyGrahamSC be careful with utterances. Talk 2 corners of mouth. Enabling Kushner and express outrage at Paris accord. Don't enable.
You don't believe, yet no one in administration is denying it, only justifying it.
VERY STRANGE you so strongly dismiss a story without all of the facts.  Especially when they have not denied it. Hmmm. #Kushner
Your point about Kislyak borders on circumstantial "evidence". The ppl will not excuse you from conducting a VALID investigation. Both sides
Hear Sen. Jackass Graham call the WAPO story nonsense at the same time the WH is explaining WHY they did what Graham says they didn't do!
Lindsey if the story isn't true about JK, then how come the WH doesn't deny it?
Party over country at any cost. Shame on you. Time to retire & dismantle the Greed Over People party. Defend a liar. Have u no conscience?
"Soon, be in the untenable spot of saying last election complete fraud by blaming Comey for 'fix' as a new, improved Devi treason deflect."
Donald Trump's Base Is Shrinking
The admin confirmed the backchannel with Russia!! Now, what say you??!!
Hear a little help
If you remember your success in primaries.  Trust me, your popularity is not improving being on @CNN.  You're acting like a RINO.
Just too sad...had such RESPECT for true conservatives. You turned it into something rotten
BREAKING: Lindsay Graham appears to leak classified intelligence live on CNN about what Jim Comey told the Senate Intel Committee last July 
How would Comey determine that the email was fake?  The FBI never examined the server.  Rely on Lynch denial?
Traitor
You don't believe Jared is saling out our country. Why then hasn't he or the Whie House denied charges. Country over party, please!
Please! We need to see Trump taxes! Several years, complete returns! They will answer some questions! Trump may fraud them & fake numbers.
Please do question that horrible budget! This Admin is out to destroy everything! We've never seen a miserable disaster for our country!
I can't believe people were counting on you - You Enabler. Don't you have some work to do? What a pointless exercise...
Why don't suggest the usual hacks to oversee the investigation: @TGowdySC @tedcruz or @JohnCornyn ?
I'd suggest @jasoninthehouse but he's leaving - good riddance
Why not spend time recruiting less toxic candidates who want want to move this country forward instead of sitting in their cesspool of BS?
Corruption (I ran out of characters) 
Grahm is a gay joke.
Lol
Trying to play both sides of the fence.
Why speak with that media lying rag?  If they publish it, it will be twisted to fulfill their crooked lying agenda
You swallow more Trump DNA day after day. We're going to get your stomach pumped. When are you going to stand up for country first wh0re?
You've lost any shred of credibility you had left. It's disturbing to see the entire GOP choose politics & greed over this country's safety.
Obvious to America. "Forgot" to report meetings, evidence of election tampering & yet you say suspicious. Constitutents will remember.
Senator Graham what are you thinking??  Please defend our country against the Russian influence encouraged by Trump team. Please!!!!!
Well, that was shameful. What a way to end your career, Senator.
Until you stand for country over party and Trump, you will have no credibility.
Senator your to be held accountable by the American people for your acts on healthcare 23 million losing it under a plan you supported.
Insane that you question the validity of the Kushner story when it only bolsters the dozen other stories regarding this WH and POTUS.
You were outraged @ HRC for missing documents; you're obligated to treat Trump the same .. you must be outraged now.
Dang, I didn't realize you were a traitor too. What do they have on you? #TrumpRussia #Kremlingate
Be a Republican and support Presidents agenda for once
Since Graham is on every news show every day, how can you possibly call this exclusive? USA NEws Is A Joke
Thank you my friend.

Your pal, Vlad
Your waffling is getting annoying
"Do all you can do", Senator, to get to the bottom of Kushner/Kislyak/Flynn mtg to set up back channel in Russian facility.
Let's be clear - a back channel is fine when set up by the USA, NOT THE RUSSIANS. HOW DARE YOU SELL OUT THIS COUNTRY FOR TRIBAL GAIN.
Disappointed with your conversation on State of the Union .Time for country over party. Trump national embarrassment.
The GOP is a severe disappointment in government--what I would call a domestic enemy.
Who did Kushner meet in Dubrovnik? Rybolovlev?
What happened to the accountability of Rep party from the Nixon/ Clinton era.. actually what happened to accountability/ morals in general?
Ur schizophrenia is so disheartening. Do u really have an appetite for the truth of Trump? Oh yeah, u know the truth but lie for power!
Senator, in all due respect you and Sen McCain talk a good game but u have taken no action.  When?   I don't believe u cannot act on ur own.
Ever since you met with Trump you have changed. I thought you were one of the few Republicans who put the USA over party. Guess I was wrong.
We've "been there" on his taxes for two years. Do you need shirtless Putin to fly in on a nuke before you actually DO something? Pathetic.
You should have stayed home.
Senator, I'm disappointed. WH has been making excuses 4 the back channel discussion, not denying for days. Serious stuff, not partisan.
Serious question: What about DJT's trip abroad was good for America?
A covert channel with an adversary using their facilities (to hide from US intel), setup by a civilian in the WH by nepotism. #NotNormal
Ok Lindsey. Get it all together. We will prevail. Good over Evil. Light over the Dark. And Love  over Hate. Amen 
trump defender--WH is not denying the treasonous act of kushner--they're defending his actions. Give up source cred defense. #Russiagate
Yes you confirmed senate was told of fake letter about lynch and did nothing!!!!!!
WE cannot wait any longer. Trump is doing mts of damage to USA. He bows only to Putin and countries that give him money.IMPEACH HIM.
This will not end until you look into tax returns! Please follow the money!!!
Never thought that U would be our final hope but I think U are. GOP have sunk 2 levels of immorality & greed that we do not know who believe
On record saying the WaPo story is false! We'll see.
Here's who you CAN'T TRUST, even regardless of Russia -  the current prez. These ppl are NOT looking out for the US. AT ALL.
Nothing is more (less) reassuring that 1 of the few honorables left in DC (you) going on TV saying you don't know who to trust.
It is stunning that you, too are complicit.
So sorry to see you've given up your last shred of decency/honor. I lived through the Nixon era but I've never seen anything like this.
Let's get the Russia / collusion issue resolved before we start sneaking in any new laws
Regardless of affiliation to this POTUS, we do not expect you will stymie investigation because you are simply suspicious of inv technique!
Continue mutual cooperation and follow the facts
Senator, make Trump release his tax returns!
Please have some courage to call out this media onslaught of #fakenews. Trying to just get everyone in the swamp to like you is cowardly.
It's embarrassing to watch any representative for our country simply defend any aspect of Trump administration. What is it going to take, LG
Wow y keep goin on bout Comey u seem to be goin ova to the other side the way u was talkin bout trump how much did it cost 2line ur pockets
You're as much a nut job then your nut job in chief. Get a backbone and stop being so slimy.
You lose credibility as you become a TRUMP APOLOGIST. This investigation is going to come down to RACKETEERING CHARGES..RICO. Look at taxes
Shame that @LindseyGrahamSC lacked the courage to answer basic @realDonaldTrump questions. Director Comey was his topic of choice.  COWARD!!
You said the Clinton fbi investigation was based on a fake Russian email? You know that is horsecrap Lindsey. She had a private server! LIAR
It didn't make you sound like a big boy after you kept your pie hole shut all week. And the OSCAR goes to .......the princess.
ties but wont go after his tax returns.your slippery with your words just like a snake
Your statements make no sense! McMaster and Kelly are BOTH saying 'back channel comms' OK. Come back to US!!!! You're no traitor!
Covert channel with Russian to avoid US intel. Simply to collude and relax sanctions in return for money and election payback.
u just looked like a partisan hack u didnt believe the russia line story but the comey one u do ?but u wanna get to the presidents business.
You are believing an email?? About Coney but not news about kushner when he lied on his security clearance
...due to not standing up to this admin
You have lost your credibility
So you decided to support the traitors.  So be it.
Sir, you are losing all credibility for trying to debunk Dir Comey. You sir know that there are RU moles within Team Trump 
ESPIONAGE SIR!
And diverting attention from Trump to something else
Shame!  Remember your oath to our country! We will not forget! #RESISTANCE
You had a backbone once. Lets seed out a search party to find it. Voters will speak in the next election I hope.
Come on...they are using Russian $$
YOU @lindseygrahamsc are...#complicit 
#Traitor
You are apparently becoming a victim of the "fake news" spin. We the People are concerned about the Russian interference, overreaching
By this in bed w putin admin, harmful acts of GOP... sad I used to have bit of respect for you sir. No longer - you have sold out
Not watching, don't care. You will have nothing useful to hear.
Disappointed with Lindsey Graham.Redirecting the conversation and facts doesn't cut it anymore. Country or party???
and disservice the American people
Graham and the entire GOP should be charged and convicted on their extreme efforts to collide with the Trump Administration to deceive
How much MORE evidence do you need? We, the people , are really getting if ALL the stalling. The Trumpanov's need to GO..
You're still sucking his a** Graham, you're just as bad as the rest of the c**** holsters .. AND WHEN ARE YOU LEAVING THE CLOSET?
You are a sellout to the American people. Defending Trump is indefensible. Are you caught up in his shenanigans? You'll go down with him!
Graham. Powerful senator. Access to classified intel. Faklemt and pearl clutching.  Hardly inspiring confidence
Yes your liberal stonghold
wake up Lindsey. You're covering up for Trump. That makes u complicit. #Trumprussia
@cnn uses you to validate their hatred of @POTUS. @lindseygraham said this,@lindseygrahm said that, so, @RINO's hate their own. Go away!
RINO helping fake news channel
Whatever happened to COUNTRY OVER PARTY ? You said today its not time for Congress to demand Trumps tax returns. YES IT IS !!!
A couple if stooges, Graham and McCain, the liberal media loves both these guys as they know they love the cameras and will criticize Trump.
I've been lis in all day and, BINGO, you, as the first said that it was odd that the rus amb should say stuff which would cert be overheard.
You really need to get past all the Russia bullshit !that your party started. And get to work for America or retire !
Don't watch fake news or support their advertisers !
Why would you waste your time with the tabloids?
Careful, Senator. You don't want your legacy to be caught on the wrong side of the biggest scandal in American history.
Senator, I had hopes that perhaps you were 1 Republican with balls and integrity & would choose country over party. You too are a sellout!
It's a fool's errand to think Graham, or any republican, will choose country over party. They protect traitors for profit. Complicit.
So!!
Here's a hint, Senator. DONT BELIEVE THE WHITE HOUSE. Trump lies!
FULL OF SHIT

WORSE,he KNOWS it

WORSE than DTs Puppets
flaps big mouth &DOES NOTHING

Sits idly by,while PUTIN pulls strings

WEAK&PATHETIC
Lindsey you're skipping - don't get soft on the dictator
You know full well that if everything going on w @realDonaldTrump #WH was in a #Clinton #WH you would have impeachment lined up already!
Graham Fully Supports

 Gianforte choking and punching people
Trump giving Russia Israel's Classified Intel
 Party and Trump Over Country
Very evident by the bullshyt he just spewed from his garbage chute! 
You took the fake news deflection  pathetic u and trey goofy cut out of the same mold you sir are pathetic party over country  ashamed
Sounds like no one will watch
Kislyak wd speak openly re Jared's approach if he thought it could disrupt the US. You know that yet still choose party over country.
- Russia Russia Russia Russia - CAN WE GET A FEW MINUTES ABOUT CLEAN DRINKING WATER NEEDED IN FLINT ?
Communist News Network: CNN wallows in your anti-Trump negativity.
How much is Putin paying you to betray your country? Our country is in a coup and you attack Comeysnd talk emails?
America first PLEASE!! Let's see some courage
CNN: Why not subpoena Trumps tax returns?
Graham: let's talk about Comey.
Appalled by the fakeness of the fake news must be what the GOP and the Trump kids discussed the strategy meeting. You looked fake. Lol
YES ALL THE DEMS PREFER CNN
Sweetheart, you're now Kushner's apologist? No concerns about his unreported contacts with Russia? Naive.
What happened to you?
