Nothing to brag about - don't forget the North Korean leader that shot 38 under par.....
Traitors!!
Pls don't waste precious time talking about how the resistance hates trump.  I just returned from new mexico wgere people are so poor and so hungry and discouraged they don't have the confidence to expect trump to care about insignificant them.  Come to the real people & see!!!!
Hopefully he’ll end up in a white collar prison where he’ll get to work on his short game.
You both don’t have any credibility corrupt disgrace!!
Lindsey, you forgot to mention you only played nine holes.
hey, lindsey, according to a golf pro with whom he frequently plays, now you know how he broke 100...the same slimy way he made his money (well, what he didn't inherit..)
 2 for each
Yeah and your scared to death to tell the truth about the POS.
You sold your vote for a round of golf. And  Chump probably cheated.
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump
, we could care less what @realDonaldTrump does on the golf course, We want him to help make #America great again, not waste time on the golf course as he seems to do every couple of days.
And this is the day Senator Graham suddenly changed into a lesser man. Gone is his ability to stand up to corruption. #WhatHappenedtoLindseyGraham 
#LindseyGrahamDisappears
#WhereistheRealLindseyGraham
#SenGrahamisaPodPerson
I was wondering who was windy and who was wet.
Missing words: Putt putt, nine holes & indoors

#asskisser #fireandfurybook #bootlick #brownnoser
Someday Lindsay Graham might reach alpha powers like President Trump. 
See? Graham has evolved. #GoodForHim!
OMG and then he bought me ice cream and we laughed at the minimum wage workers and we kicked some puppies. IT WAS THE BESTEST DAY EVER!!
Yes Lindsey can do some major ass kissing when need be
What does Trump have on Lindsay?
HE CHEATS ON EVERYTHING  WOMEN ELECTIONS HEALTH CARE SOCIAL SECRITY  EMAILS BENGHAZI 911 . TAXES
POTUS golf score unimportant. POTUS competency is
And both are on the low side.
Start a program for poor kids to play golf instead of throwing it in poor parents' faces.  Pls bring something for the stew or get out of the kitchen.  Why didn't you ever get married?  You're cute.
WHAT DOES HE HAVE ON YOU?!!!
Did you clean his balls for him too?
for how many holes and how many cheat shots?

Hear what Lindsey Graham used to say about Donald Trump.
Lindsey, you never fail to disappoint..once had promise..all gone now
Lindsey Graham on Donald Trump...not long ago:
SUCK UP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fuck your golf game
that was 9 holes right ?
You are such a sell-out.

Live look at Lindsey Graham after taking part in Trump’s loyalty pledge & hazing rituals.

#TheDCRapist #ThisIsFine 
What happened to you Lindsey Graham. One day he's talking trash about Trump the next he's defending him. you were either bought or stands to lose something. Either way people think your two faced now,  and talking out the side of your neck.
9 holes?
Plus the ones in his head.
What the hell is the matter with the GOP? Did you get paid off?   If you think we're going to accept this, you've got it wrong. 
Trump is a herpetic lesion that lives on the hemorrhoid the GOP has become. Dems have bleeding hearts, Repugs have frozen hearts and Independents have broken hearts.
For 9 holes????
You should've played the back 9 also.
Wow! Because he’s had SO much practice since taking office!!? You must be SO proud of him! #SAD
Sometimes a snarky closet queen is really funny. Sometimes not.
November can't come soon enough
What does the kook have on you??
Lindsey was a fighter now he eats Trump's shit on toast.
Going to have to do a lot better to catch up to Kim Jong-il.
Sell out!
The public decline and fall of @LindseyGrahamSC started right here, with this embarrassing tweet on this day.
“And he gave me a wet wipe and kiss when he was done winning my heart.”
There is no way he shot 73. What an ass kissing piece of shit you've become in you new role with the Vichy
Sell out.
If he shot a 73 then you played 9 or mini golf.  He can’t have a body turn good enough to shoot that. But then again your republicans I don’t expect truth.
What do Trump and the Russians have on you ?   You are destroying your legacy !!! WTF Is the matter with you? Have you no sense of decency???
How many mulligans did he take? Did he tee off from the women’s tee?
Oh, Lindsey...what made you change all of a sudden?  We thought you were one of the good guys.  Now you've settled down with all the other crooks and liars.
For the amount of time he spends playing golf, I’m not impressed ...
And he let me pick up all his balls!
What did he shoot on the back nine???
Well, since he managed to keep all commercial air travel safe, I guess he figured he’d move on to defying the weather. 
“There will be no time for golf”
Trump
Big deal!
good morning traitor
#complicit #TraitorGraham
Kiss, kiss how low do you go. You've sold your soul to the Devil. Dotard Donnie. Shame  on you. How much?
Keep kissing ass boyyyyyy!!
You had one job,  to expose the lies, but you are caught lying too so you had to side with the demented, sad
Golf is a joke. So is the #FakePOTUS & your service to America. #Goptraitor #TrumpRussia  #LindseyGraham
"President Trump shot a 73 in windy and wet conditions!"

And then we moved on to the second hole.
Not sure what kind of tape they have on you, sir, and I'm sorry for it.  Enjoy your eventual retirement in Mar-A-Lockup
Did you kiss his ass on the golf course too, or wait til you got to the locker room??
How many pictures of you having sex with men did Trump show you that day?  That doesn’t make you a bad person Lindsey. Being a traitor does.
Was this the day you sold your soul?
So,great-what the hell did THAT cost the US tax payers?We ain't paying for no damn wall,either!
If we have to fund his golf weekends,then you can't build the wall until we get that check from Mexico Trump kept promising.He's a http://liar.You  know it.I know it.We all know
Hey Graham, why don’t you move out of OUR country. You have a reputation as Trumpys ass kisser. That’s about the worst anybody could be called.
Traitor.
You are sooooooooooooo transparent, Senator. You're losing your"access" to the thing you love most in life. So...you need to find a new source to feed your addiction. We all get it, "Lindsey". You know...that closet has an exit door. I'm just sayin'. https://twitter.com/SteveW_8720/status/950003450913415169/photo/1pic.twitter.com/xsgsK4Lz8b 
You are a traitor and will burn in hell.
Lindsey you know he can’t have you    shot with a anti aircraft fire if you doubt  his lies. Wrong country.
And he blackmailed me on the 4th hole! (If the 4th hole is a real thing I have no idea)
Hey Senator, I don’t like my tax dollars being used to attack US companies. You OK with this?
Unfortunately, @Patagonia refused to appear publicly to defend their lies

Letter → http://bit.ly/2lZpBKp  
I think you meant, he took 73 Mulligans.  He's one of the greatest gold cheats in the history of the game....and you know it Senator Suckup.
Guilty with association!!
Another sycophant. The ass licking DT gets from Lindsey Graham is ridiculous he was criticizing him not too long ago... Grass stains indeed!
What does he have on you? Emails? Money from the Russians?
I wonder what he shot on the back nine?
#Kompromat Wonder what the Russians & #PutinsPuppet have on you? Enjoy your last term.
Wet n windy conditions?

He shit himself on the green again didn't he.

Wipe it off in the rough Don. Nobody will know.
What was his score on the day you went on #CNN and said THIS:
What the actual fuck happened to you?
I don't believe he shot a 73.
@LindseyGrahamSC Did you spit or swallow?
You did a 180 and kissed his ass
 Who knew you could flip flop on a golf course.
And how did he do on the back 9?
Are you scared of getting a nickname or do you just like the taste of trumps butt?
You both cheat at Golf then, he sucks and you’re an enabler.
How many mulligans?  How many self-conceded putts?  How many ignored penalties?  I know he cheats because he would have been begging to play the Pro-Am at Pebble Beach.  I doubt he breaks 90 playing by the rules.
USA. Drive it like you stole it.™
Your day of reckoning.
How's your friend? The one Robert Mueller is investigating? That have anything to do with you changing your mind that Trump is a kook?
There's really so much material here I am getting bored of sharing it - congratulations on selling out Lindsey. You have outdone yourself.
#kook #stablegenius #Trump



“I think my party’s completely screwed up right now.” -Lindsey Graham
You are gone.  You are off the map.  You have chosen to walk away from your earlier opinion about this maniacal man who is running the country  You have lost the respect of thousands and the senator from Arizona.
That’s nothing. Kim Jong-Il shot a 34 one round, with five hole in ones.  Looks like papa and his son both own @realDonaldTrump.

Shame on you, Senator
Wow, like I give a fu@k!
Lindsey please. We don’t care what he has on you. Have some self respect.
Crook
You Graham are dispicable. Hope you spend years in prison and your Russian money is confiscated in fines
Wow, to be that good he must put in a lot of practice !!
you were blackmailed. Come clean or forever regret it from your prison cell.
73? Don the Con must have been keeping his own score card
You are both idiots, Trump  Graham.
The day you let ole Dixie down and learned about the dirt they had on you - Sad,  P.S. we don’t care if you’re gay and if the money was taken when you thought it was clean - you need to approach Mueller 
Sold your soul to the devil shameful
I’d hope his golf game would be decent with how much of his presidency he’s spent on the golf course.
But how ever did you get his balls out of your mouth?
Got to you, huh, Lindsay? Why the switch?
Uhg! Deplorable brown nosing. 
Is this when he threatened you with whatever dirt he has on you?
Synchophant. Liar.
Is this when the blackmail started?
What did trump show you on this day? How did he blackmail you?
Yup. Maybe Trump promised him a Supreme Court justiceship or something
I'm so glad for you Lindsey!  Is it enjoyable sucking up to a sex assaulter!!!!????
Not bad for 6 holes.
I remember that tweet well. Thats when it was. Something happened or he was reminded of something that day.
Was that the moment you became a traitor, or was it after?
Just curious...how much did you get paid to turn your back on your country?
Senator Graham, I RESPECTED you out of the.many bc I thought that you are level headed.  You have joined the TRUMPS: you have traded Patriotism for Power.
I thought he didn't have time to play golf...
So... You sold your soul to the #FuckingMoron last fall, Beauregard? Lotsa luck back in South Carolina when they get slammed by his #taxscam.

Windy and wet, was Trump farting and peeing in his pants when you play golf with him?
Wow he did pretty well ... how'd he manage to get a 73 with you giving him a hand job and stroking his other fave thing ..... his ego ?!
What did you do that you had to put your soul up for collateral?
Bullshit
No really.
How does his colon smell?
And he also shared how him and the Russians are blackmailing me...so now we’re best buds
To hell with Country... go for it, Lindsey. #GOPuberalles
I used to think you were a decent Republican. You’ve sold your soul to be 45s lap dog. Let’s see how loyal he will be to you if  you ever become a Man with a Spine!
You should spend every day 6 AM til dark playing golf rather than s dewing the public as you have so done to date
Comrade said what?
Why do you have your head up his butt now, Lindsey? Has he got some dirt on you?
was his penis salty or sweet after sucking donald off?
I guess that’s not bad for 9 holes. Next time u play with him, try to get him to walk the course... he needs the exercise.. cheeseburgers and all.
You mean as he cheated throughout the entire game? The same thing he's doing to the US and his supporters and that he did with all his businesses?

Did you swallow or spit Lindsey?
On nine holes? Pathetic. My dog can do better.
I understand you both love golf because of the 'lie'.
It doesn't take much to buy you off.
So do u get paid to say these things or have u signed a pledge in blood?Perhaps he has the goods on u or threatened your family?Was Vito Corleone present to make u an offer u can't refuse?Did u at any time have 2 get on your knees?
You work for us and we're not paying you two dipshits to golf. You laugh at The Resistance ? Democrats have been winning, in case you didn't have a tv on your golf cart. Buckle up, Shirley.
Donny must have excellent drugs.
Did he quit on 14?
Lindsey, we know you're totally onto Trump. You've said enough in the past that made this clear. That's why your newfound buddy-buddy business is so suspicious. Doesn't say much for your ethical standing.
And tho think I was starting to respect you. Oh, and I call bullshit on Trump's 73.
Hey Lindsey...be careful out there. Trump may try to his personal "5 iron" on your grassy knoll. He might try to grab your mangina too!
Oh Lindsey...
With 10 mulligans and half dozen gimmees on putts over 3', not to mention improving his lie for every shot
This is when you accepted the bribe and caved in to blackmail. How does being a traitor to your country feel, future inmate?
So y'all went to Camp David to play golf? Do y'all have any shame or morality? I guess y'all gotta kiss his ASS or risk gettin a pink slip!
I heard you fellas had salads at the turn, Russian dressing, of course.
What does Trump have on you? #CountryOverParty
Do you really think we care about golf or trump? Wanna know what I care about? Running you out of office. Treason has a price, and you sir are Complicit!
You are an embarrassment.
Trump walked off the course with your balls.

So Lindsey Graham is confirming that Trump is in fact America’s first dictator. The time to rise up is now. Before it’s too late. #Resist
On the first nine holes
Guess we know your price @LindseyGrahamSC
You’ve lost your spine. You’re not the groom.
#LiarLiar
I could shoot 73 routinely if I spent as much time as Trump on golf course. His ground game in Oval Office is pathetic
