And what is Lindsey Graham doing to the Senate with his continued inaction? He talks a good game, as do several others of the @SenateGOP.
I think LG still has a small flame inside him for decency and love of US. Use it to dethrone trump before it burns out and democracy fades.
..Opsss..it seems it helped HIM!!! Please, see the Elephant on the room, mr Graham,you know, Hillary had THREE million EXTRA votes!!!
Hurting his presidency should be the least of your concerns.  How about hurting our Country, American People and even the world. Get him out
#Trump's Presidency is shot to Hell! Wake Up Lindsay and impeach Trump!
Republicans are giving away the Safety and Dignity of the United States away by being timid and complicit - Country used to be important?
in the room: Actually Trumo did NOT won it fair and square,  he was helped, directly or indirectly!!Those Russian hacks did a lot more than
#25thAmendmentNow congress swore to uphold constitution. Do Your Job! We need to march on DC until trump/putin/bannon are thrown of our WH!
Then do something about it instead of just grandstanding.
@NBCNewsPR and @LindseyGrahamSC - Checker players at a Chess tournement. Glad they aren't running things. Read "The Art of War" #maga

WATCH: MSNBC cuts Lindsey Graham's audio after referring to the Clinton campaign meeting with Russians. 
DT is selling out USA in plain sight. 

I'm sorry the kids must witness this.
And what is he going to do about it?
Then you republicans need to realize he isn't fit to be president. he is hurting our America. Come on do something!
It's time to put up or shut up @LindseyGrahamSC! Be on the right side of history
@mitchellreports @LindseyGrahamSC President Snowflake will never embrace that fact
as close as you can get to it,Treason! And  its your party that allows him to get away with it! Mitch is doing the same, for 30 years,but
hurting the *country* you mean. And you aren't embracing fact that 45 is a bad guy.
And hurting our country !
Donald Trump is doing a GREAT job despite you criticizing him every step of the way.
Wow! That's what you have taken away from this....do your job and IMPEACH#45!!! Save our country from the thiefs in our White House!
What do you and the rest of the Senate plan to do? This is moving past the point of unacceptable. He is putting us all in danger. FIX IT!
hes still..free! Its a shame what the GOP did to this country and still does! By the way, Mr Graham, you still refuse to see The..Elephant
And therein lies the problem The Congress and the American people need to hold this President any President responsible for protecting US
.@POTUS literally embracing #Putin should mean ejection from WH, then, right @LindseyGrahamSC? SC is watching how you handle this.
Fake congressman Graham
There r MANYways 2 affect an election,Mr Graham!Not to mention this,in Trump's OWN words:'Electoral College is a disaster,a failed system!!'
Hillary Emails,they put out DOZENS of FAKE,malicious stories about Hillary,a week-2 bef. the election,so the UNDECIDED voted for Trump!!
Mr Graham,hes not hurting the presidency, hes hurting America and its safety and standing in the world! Forget obstructing justice,this is ,
Those of the same sort, or with similar interests, will be found together.
Senator Graham is hurting the Republican Party. Let Obama get away with murder. Is not privy to @POTUS Admn Strategy with Putin.
#RussianCollaborator
When is Lindsey Graham going to admit that he's a Democrat?
No, he likes that Putin is a bad guy. He looks up to him.
If Graham is saying this, tell Graham to Shut Up.
He yammers on and on. Makes his people think he is a bad ass but he is no better than 45 because he wont take action
When someone has the goods on you , they are reluctant speak against them and Russia has the goods on him.
At the beginning of each day
Where is the action, Senator? Talk is cheap.
Who gives a crap about his presidency? He's out our COUNTRY, Democracy, Leadership in the world at rock!
Neocons want war,we have military actions in how many fkn countries,enough!

He deals with reality, Putin runs Russia. What you think of the slime ball is immaterial.
hurting ALL OF US
In 9 yrs Russia has carried out cyberattacks on:
Estonia
Georgia
Ukraine
Lithuanian
Kazakhstan
Kyrgyzstan
US
Germany
Franc
Your all idiots that propagate fake optics
This, wanted to introduce you and your @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
I can remember when I respected you. 
Erasing that memory.
You're a disgrace.
"And maybe, just maybe I'll take some weak action -- but first, we must end Obamacare."
Hurting... his presidency... it's not the entire effing country you're worried about but rather ... his presidency.
You and NBC are an embarrassment to the world. Worry about your behavior not the presidents! A disgrace!
An interview with a pseudo dem. Trump has been five steps ahead of Lindsey and the rest from the beginning
His Presidency will go down as the Greatest President ever! Linsey Graham is a RINO and knows nothing about the foreign world!
Correction: by siding with Russia, trump is hurting our citizens, our country and world wide democracy!
On point senator but you & the rest of the GOP are keeping that traitor in office. SHAME ON ALL OF YOU!
@LindseyGrahamSC please the narrative is old. You are in charge of the scare police ! Let's grow up shall we ? Be big kids and accept truth
Hurting his presidency? What about the country? He dragged us down fast. No longer a leader. Get a grip and get him out.
Lindsey...Trump doesnt care about "his presidency"!  The plan is to divide and conquer America!  And...Congress is allowing it to happen!
The plan was literally to divide and conquer America I believe you are correct !
It's time @GOP  embraces the idea that @realDonaldTrump also is a bad guy.
There are many bad guys. In disguise ... time to choose sides. Choose your bad guy !
He knows Puttin is evil. Trump has to deal with this guy bur NBC wants war with Russia in order to hurt their enemy Trump.
Obama first Russian action was dropping ABM's from Easter Europe.  Trump increasing NATO funding, exporting energy, gumption in Syria
Lindsey you ran for President and didn't pass the first round , stop going to the liberal media and sucking up to them
We have to work with the Russians.
Graham - your tweets are meaningless because you are party before country and when it comes down to it you are not a true Patriot.
We don't care what he says! Andrea send your kids to fight the Russians !!!
You should discuss things like working for a ceasefire in Syria not your slanted "talking points" wait, what was I thinking. Stuck on stupid
For eight years, Obama sucked up to Putin. Where was this criticism then?
At the end of the day, he is hurting America and the #GopIsComplicit  - either do something @LindseyGrahamSC or stop w the lip service
At the end of the day, Trump is hurting AMERICA by not embracing the fact that Putin is a bad guy. Existential threat to our democracy.
I would be more concerned at this point about intrinsic threats
You guys still think trump is that stupid?
same for you By working with the traitor
@mitchellreports @LindseyGrahamSC SENATOR WHY DO YOU HATE AMERICA?
"I'll huff, and I'll puff, and I'll... still vote the party line."  All talk. No action.
@LindseyGrahamSC talks the talk but has yet to walk the walk. Actions speak louder than words.
@mitchellreports @LindseyGrahamSC Seems like presidency is fine. just the fabric of US democracy that is getting destroyed.
Don't give a rat's rear abt his presidency- I care that he is taking US Constitution down and you are letting him. Treason is impeachable!!
"My father taught me many things here — he taught me in this room. He taught me — keep your friends close but your enemies closer."
Hurting his presidency... But not with the people who could actually do something to stop the damage. Like Mr Graham. They're just fiddling.
So Lindsey Graham is another one of those Spooky Republicans that need to go. Oh I must mention Senator John McCain as well and others
NBC is such a joke. Lost credibility Sad!
Confederates Worked with Russian Government to Elect A Morally Bankrupt Con Artist. .TRUMP Administration is A PUTIN Puppet Show. ..WAKE UP
At what point will anything be done about it??
Of course Lindsey Graham is one of those Republican rhinos out there to destroy this republican president they are in the same party
NBC <---again totally fake news. Just like CNN MSNBC and others. Poor snowflakes at CNN have to put out a fake tweet because no one's  ing
- DEMOCRATS AND FALSE MEDIA REPORTS ARE THE BAD GUY !
He is hurting more than his presidency. Please do something beyond tweeting!!
@LindseyGrahamSC wake up.  He is hurting America & the GOP is helping him with this erase anything Obama accomplished attitude.
I don't give a damn about "his presidency"! I do give a damn about our Country! Country before Party!
Drain the swamp Graham has got to go
"At the end of the day " What a wuss way to put it because pretty soon it Will be the "End of Days!"
He is hurting our Country Senator, please wake the hell up! Country before Party please!!
Only thing hindering his presidency is rhino assholes like Lindsey Graham.
Trump inherited these international problems from Obama and Senate who created them. Americans want a fresh approach. Soros narrative.
Hurting his presidency? How quaint.
cant we all just get along?
It is LONG PAST "hurting his presidency" and into Trump is a traitor to the US.
Dear Putin,
America is surrendering..
THAT IS NOT OKAY.
End of day, Trump will blame Obama for not telling him Putin was the bad guy...
No. Obama told Putin to "cut it out" regarding Russian election interference. Did nothing until Trump won.
Time to act, Lindsey!
DO something Lindsey. For God’s sake DO SOMETHING.
