Stop trying to delegitimize Trump with this Russian election interference garbage.. Enough! It didn't happen. Trump won.
Grow up.It happened but worse than this is ShadowBannon our adopted Lenin loving anarchist.Fact
Your English sucks. What?
Your ideology is UnAmerican #Ribbit
#CuckedAndTrumped
#AltRightscum
We clear now?
#FuqOff
Run along, fake anarchist. You aren't bright enough to survive.
#SelfieVid?
Everyone w a brain sees Bannon's AltRight trolls in full black garb #PretenseFail
please continue to investigate Russian influence Senator! Country before Party!
OK, but what will you do to reign in POTUS and how will you combat #lies coming from the #WhiteHouse ?
well I must be blocked with the three of us. No response?
are you going to call out 45 on his silence on Russia's intervention in Ukraine?
How about the RUSSIAN sanctions?
I know you walk a fine line here & see clearly what's going on
Stand for Liberty& against Tyranny & I'll stand w you
How's that Putin lovin,' judge hatin,' "what, do u think our country is so innocent?" so-called president workin' out 4 u?
Good!
what about new Russian sanctions?
so you are agreeable to starting a war?
on another note---I am a republican and one of your supporters. PLEASE do whatever it takes to block DeVos. Bad choice.
agree. Can't figure this one out. Terrible choice. Money over qualifications.
Look at connex bet easing Russia sanctions& DT love of Putin. On Fox,he said we're on par w Russ! Isn't this aid &comfort?
Look at it this way:LeninLovingBannon thinks it's funsies to"blow things up"
DarkDays in USA
You are a big wimp!!
keep your eye on the ball. Remove Bannon from NSC.
Beautiful Senator Graham.#Iran Sanctions. America agrees. Where have you been so long? Nicky Haley needs your support too
. You dont want to punch them in the nose. But your so willing to start ww3 with Russia. Take some more Soros money.
says no. He is mentally unfit. I am sure you see it. Most people do but won't admit it. What hold does he have on all of u?
Don't you worry about this. What about your family? What kind of man is he. They ask if he misses his wife and son and he
He says we have killers in our country so that makes everything ok. I have children and grandchildren and I am worried.
- Lindsey, this is one of the positive things out of your mouth. Congratulations.
Please help this country. Trump is going to bring us all down. He is saying Putin is a killer and he is still praising him
Trump is now saying America does worse things than Russia..what is it going to take for someone to stop this madman?
Why was Trump's only successful call to Putin??? Why isn't the investigation moving forward? Millions losing trust rapidly!
What happened to the investigation into Russian interference in our election?  INDEPENDENT COMMISSION!
Please review section 4 of the 25th amendment and consider discussing this with your colleagues and utilizing it.
Yes you'd love to MOAR war and destruction.
I did not vote for #45 but I did vote for you. I am out of my mind about #45 #conflictofinterest and ties to Russia.

Remember that Senate Russia hacking investigation? Republicans are hoping you don't http://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/02/02/1629154/-Remember-that-Senate-Russia-hacking-investigation-Republicans-are-hoping-you-don-t …
you guys better get of your  butts and start working on Taxes, immigration, and the rest of Trumps agenda or B voted out
Trump is now attacking the judiciary. He has attacked media,congress,insulted allies escalated tensions overseas where r u
u know the heads of the muslim world donate millions 2 Islamic terrorism so what's the bs about doing business with Russia
Then sanctions should be made on Americans for behavior that will never change.America is the world's bully
#controlfreak
for once, I agree with you. #62MillionStrong #DrainTheSwamp
for once, I agree with you. #DrainTheSwamp #62MillionStrong
yes Iran destabilized the Middle East all by themselves
I and the majority of voting citizens of the US are interested is the Russian Hacking! This is not partisan. Investigate!
Russian Hacking hit Mccain, The movement in this country is 300 times bigger then the tea party and its getting larger.
You seriously confuse me switching between pandering and rational challenges. Can any investigation you lead be legit?
Are you so partisan that you are going to countenance Trumps manic dangerous behavior. DISGRACEFUL. DUMP Divider in Chief!
I would suggest that you distance yourself for Trump. He is alienating allies. Impeach him. You can work with Pence.
why arent you coming out as the democrat that you are.
Where is your statement on @realDonaldTrump secret stop of all visas?100,000 students & employees banned from entering US!
Iran Sanctions won't work. Especially since we don't even allow their students in our country.  They don't need the U.S.
What are you waiting for? Seat on SCOTUS worth risking WW3, civil war? Didn't work for SC 1st time did it? IMPEACHMENT NOW
That's nice; but it's time to #ImpeachTrump. This is no longer about "Party"/the election.  He's dangerous and incompetent.
So @realDonaldTrump big punishment was to levy sanctions already set in motion by#44.Donald you're a limp noodle.fake tough
we need leadership desperately.   Why are you and your peers not holding Trump accountable?
where is your statement on Trump violating the court order put in place by Boston judge on immigration executive order.
are we not counting #SaudiArabia as a sponsor of terror? Because to call #Iran largest sponsor you would have to
What about the Russian sanctions? And what happened to the #CyberAttack investigation? The Russians are NOT our friends!
kids deserve better!!
Senator Graham, you wrote "the Trump administration" and it sounds very arms-length from writing "our president".
Lol when did you start caring about sailors? #freeKristianSaucier
But it seems you bend over to everything else Trump is doing. #sad #nospine #bebrave
I hope Soros is paying you enough for you to retire.  This is your last time and we will fix it "no pension for you!!"
As a Democrat i agree with these sanctions but let's work with them and not be so quick to go to war.
Senator, preaching to the choir. The Traitor-in-Chief doesn't need Congress' help! Dictatorship doesn't need Congress
But easing them on Russia?
And then what?
Great. Get it done tomorrow then resign.#TermLimits
, so what, we're gonna send more of our kids to die in the Middle East? Why the hell do we keep voting for the GOP again?
Good Friday,Sen.Graham
Republicans starting to beat the war drums!
Does anyone know if McCain called the Mullahs to apologize for Trump being impetuous?
How much longer until we are classified as a "radical regime?"
VOTE NO ON NANCY DEVOS!!!
The GOP recipients of the Soros Fund Managment are:
McCain,AZPaul RyanW RubioF Kasich,OHGraham SC CurbeloFL
Russia!  Russia! Russia!  And Trump's involvement. And Trump's poor health. Please be the patriot you claim to be.
I understand sanctions but if we end up at war our funds can't go towards #maga @SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr
Oh I didn't know you were Senate Majority leader. Stay in your place.
If Republicans and Trump reinstate draft
Trumpsters & their kids can go fight a fake holy war for oil
Mine aren't.
stop the EOs and show congress can still act responsibly.
@SenJohnMcCain You two are the biggest sponsors of terror. Never met a war you didn't like.  #antiwar #neocons
it would have been great to have a thoughtful statesman (like Sen Graham) be POTUS...
flip flop fish
remember, diplomacy trumps War.
Flooding Iran with Pharrell Williams's "Happy" song will do more to check the Ayatollah than any sanctions.
with all due respect, is this the priority today?
Where's your statement on lifting the Russian sanctions?
Hopefully Congress supports you in this effort. The time is now. #iransanctions
aren't we the ones who destabilized the middle east?
what about Russia? What about Trump? Seriously, 45 is our biggest threat right now.
Who needs a nuclear deal when we can just have a war! Am I right?
.@LindseyGrahamSC If you ever want to talk to a real independent about what we are feeling, feel free to message me.
.@LindseyGrahamSC I am a true independent. Have voted GOP, DEM, LIB, and IND in my life. We disagree a lot, but I agree with you on this.
I am glad that you recognize Irans part in sponsoring terrorism but what about Saudi Arabia?
saudi arabia is the dick which will fuck iran's ass
when will we have a thorough investigation released?
what is 45 Going to do about Ukraine???
Hey #MAGA people, notice how your populist president is giving big banks what they want and screwing the American people?
Be specific, how is he doing this??
By repealing Dodd Frank and putting Goldman Sachs execs in his cabinet.
So, you just don't like his choice.
What I said the first time.
You never answered the question.
sweetheart, you already know the answer. And if you don't, I just can't care enough to engage in your little game
In other words, you're incapable of answering it.
LINDSEY YOU ARE GOOD MAN, YOU CANNOT BE INVOLVED IN THIS TRUMP CORRPTION ON AMERICANS
And RUSSIA TOO! (Hello. They are in bed with Iran and Syria! And  @POTUS !)
and when I mean in bed, we all know what that means ;) golden....retrievers.
We don't want war, but you're laying the groundwork with this. Please stop.
Waiting for you to stand up to our radical regime. 45, bannon, & friends are unAmerican. I know you see it too. Please help
Destabilizing the Middle East is our job, goddammit! Thank you, Senator.
