Does this have anything 2 do with Chinese patents? He was able to get a few recently. Usually hard to come by. #GOPCoverup
and the shady Trump deal in Azerbaijan with links to Iran. #GOPcoverup
Courtesy of Ivanka Trump. Shady indeed!
You are a fool to align yourself with this mad man
That's the Trump method. He gives you something you want, and you fold. Ready to cut the Coast Guard and the CDC budgets?
wish it could happen, but probably destroyed by an early am tweet.
PLEASE SPARE US.  TRUMP IS STUPID AND U ALL KNOW IT.  JUST REMEMBER 8YRS AND 33 SEATS.
Insurance or... 
IPhone $500
Phone Svc $720
Car ins $1840
Fuel $1200
Internet $540
Food $2700
Electric $1800
Clothing $600
you did keep your shelter. Hey Rural America your getting what you voted for, ins. not worth paper printed on
yes, true, but investigate What? #Obamacare2 #lockhimup #Impeach45 #howmanymoredays #doyourjob #powerpositioning
I'm done with you and your false lies about investigation into what Russian Ties Dictator thug Trump has!
GOP ACA replacement hasn't been scored, hurts the elderly, and has been haphazardly thrown together just to say you did it
enough of deals lining pockets of the elite. Get off Twitter and go earn the benefits you don't currently deserve.
Great he wants to cut TSA, coast guard. I guess airplane/sea security don't matter.
You know that deals made with POTUS are not worth the paper written on right?  Do not fall for it...be smarter than that!
You believe his #TrumpLies? Stand strong 4 our Constituion & don't be #RINO Hell of a change of heart after ur meeting. What was in KoolAid?
NO dont be a sellout
Work for the people, not against. I was gaining respect for you. Not now.
Think about this when you're happy about his deal making skills ... How many times has he been bankrupt?
glad to see you are finally working with him instead of against
when did money become our God. #dontfallforthismoron
Wish he would get in President mode!
Wish he would get in
No. He's got to go. You know it. You're all enablers to a "Leninist" who wants to destroy us. There will be a reckoning.
First he would have to comprehend what he was negotiating because #nobodyknew this was complicated.
he is a crook and you know it #GOPCoverup why?
at the expense of most vulnerable citizens. No Medicaid expansion no healthcare for lower income families That's not access
We voted for President Trump & Republicans to have control of all levels. It's music to our ears to see teamwork & results!
You and Sen McCain have got to rally behind @POTUS Rise above pettiness and help us! Learn from Dems-they stick together!!
just be sure no insurance company executives are getting promised additional tax breaks in the deal!!
have you seen the deals he has made in and with Russia  you know it is now being proved that he has done money laundering
Problem w/ @POTUS is he always screws the other person in the "deal." No thanks.
godd to see you are willing to work with the President on issues of mutual interest.
That is the smartest thing you have said in a long time.
#POTUS
What about the Russian issue? If it was HRC you'd be calling for impeachment. Isn't that hypocritical?
U think you've dealt too many blows to the American electorate.
how about this deal...I get the same health insurance you have.  And let's talk about Russia please!
Lindsey - are you in Trump's human centipede or not? You can't switch principles on and off.
Yeah, why is all the 'focus' on the Executive branch???
what are you going to do about Trumps buddies at Wikileaks waging cyber warfare on the US ?
WISH HE WOULD DEAL YOU RIGHT OUT OF WASHINGTON AND A JOB!! @POTUS.
remember what you said back in December? http://www.marketwatch.com/story/lindsey-graham-99-of-100-senators-think-russia-hackers-targeted-us-election-2016-12-28 …
He's like Russia - don't want nothing he's selling.
You guys have no regard for the people of america. You will be out soon.
stop the pandering. It's unseemly. You know Trump is completely unsuited for his current job. I suspect his last one too.
Here's the deal @realDonaldTrump, you resign now, you won't have to spend rest of your pitiful life in jail...
@BresPolitico Watch your back......we all know what kind of deals he makes
should congress be making deals with a lunatic?
backroom deals is all it takes 4 the @gop 2 sell out America! Cowards & unpatriotic asshat's cu @thepolls
Chaffetz and Carson need an empathy chip. Rich and privileged - pathetic and inane. Is that most of the GOP?
#Medicaid  block grants to states will not go over /w  governors. WH wants out & States cannot afford w/o raising taxes
Ask him about his meeting with the Russian Ambassador was in April 2016 and why he lied?
Problem is his "deals" result in bankruptcies.
Making deals with a mad man? Now THAT should be fun.
and fck the connedstituants!
just like @GOP with Obama? Nah. Not in year 1 at all. Maybe later with Pence after DJT impeachment.
Just when I think there may be some hope for you, you go right back to kissing ass.
President Trump has flipped his fuzzy wig and you know it.
Was 3/3 I just threw up in my mouth?
Don't you Question Trumps Judgement?? if not....I am questioning yours!
Playing Let's make a Deal w someone who doesn't honor contracts and doesn't care about truth will likely not end well.
Like seeing your support for POTUS.
Yes, good news, that he wants you to know, and trusts you to help.
Did you talk to him about his outrageous tweets from Sat?
you're letting Trump put it in your & our poopers in order to puff up your chest & play GI Joe w world's largest military
@Emma_Dumain Let's negotiate to see those tax returns & full divesture.  Country over party.
did you forget that after 1/3 and 2/3 there shoukd be a 3/3?
Start an investigation against Russian ties. Force Sessions to resign. Do your job!
There's a long history of people who made deals with Trump.
But your words were so strong in rebuking him when you thought he wouldn't win and if he did, we were fucked.Remember?
But now's the time to kiss ass and do nothing so long as you get your wet dreams fulfilled.
When are you going to start that investigation? Remember Russia? Remember emoluments? Tax returns?Not much action.
You ok, Mr. let's build the military, with Trump sitting around a dinner table making military decisions? Stupid ones?
Don't repeal the ACA. Don't defund @PPact. Make @POTUS reveal proof for wiretapping claims or charge him with libel.
More worried about military build up than Putin in the White house .Sell out much
What the hell is with that joke of a healthcare bill?
no he is in lie lie lie mode we can`t believe anything he says now he is not trust worthy
he's also in lying mode again this morning... how can u trust him at all?
I hope the leaders of our nation won't reduce our humanity to "deal-making" we are more valuable than that. #trumprussia @LindseyGrahamSC
deal as in selling your soul to the devil??
How was it having lunch with a traitor to the country? Did he serve borscht?
You actually believe what he tells you?  . That's his MO. You are a smart man - I'm surprised u are this naive.
he shouldn't be able to do anything until you get to the bottom of his involvement with Russia!
#DumpTrump
be careful when "dealing" with fools.
Yes!  Sen. Lindsey GRAHAM
What, a deal for him to resign?
Unlikely.  Most of your colleagues value Party far more than Country.
What are you gonna do when he is in "missile launching mode" He scares me!
You had a chance to make South Carolina something less than an embarrassment politically again. So much for that.
The American people wanted a deal maker  So far, no deals.  Sorry, the proof is in the deliverable.  I hope you are right
Does he want to make deals with Congress or Russia?
On the phone with Putin then, is he?
if you're willing to make a deal with the devil, don't be surprised when you find your soul is his.
Did he tell you where he got his wiretap info?
You're drunk Senator, go home.
Oh! Is he out of "making up outlandish" lies mode? Good to know
focus on Russia election involvement.
WE LOVE TRUMP!
Don't sell out like this man, you had a good thing going.
I hear that CIA has new tool to bug/tap without court order Vault 7
