Im from SC 29571 I do not support your vote of support of Gorsuch
BOO!
corporations rejoice!!
It's Developmental Disabilities Awareness Month. Please become aware of how Gorsuch has hurt students with disabilities.
we don't suppprt hom at all! 10 million dollars and he's quiet?
Filibuster, filibuster, filibuster.  He may be "qualified", but he does not represent mainstream thinking.
Fruit of the poison tree. You seem to care nothing for the health of the country.
You have an opportunity to help heal the rift in this country, but you'd rather compound it. For what, Senator?
just pure Republicans bs!
Gorsich should address questions from all senators
Sorry, Senator, I respect many things about you but afraid your overlooking some basic flaws in the man. Too many ?s.
ugh, he is not a fit for our country. Your interests are not the interest of this nations people.
You shpuld be interested in the process that allowed Merrick Garland to languish. Sorry and crooked GOP.
just when I was starting to like you.........
right??? I start liking him too then he justifies stealing that seat. He loves the Constitution my ass.
I hope Judge Gorsuch is not approved due to his religiously motivated rulings and Merrick Garland was 1st nominated.
Disappointing! U s/b screaming from rooftop 4 independent investigation of 45 & Russia. Ur allegiance is 2 party & not ppl!
give Garland a hearing. You have zero precedent for that to not be Obamas pick. Biden quote from 25 yrs ago isn't enough.
how about you do something about the treason
you're always mouthing off about things, but when it comes down to it you never support America. You always support party.
that statement rings so true
disappointing. You had briefly become a voice of reason within a sane party. We knew it couldn't last.
you have become very two faced
Why don't you use that energy to fight the orange nightmare who hijacked your party?
You betrayed your duties. You were presented with a nominee. Your party continues to pander to a fringe. It will undo you.
vote NO onGorsuch
please DO NOT support Gorsuch 
stop trying to push this treasonous president's agenda. 29526 #TrumpRussia #kremlingate the world (even Putin) is watching.
Sorry Lindsey.  Clean up this Russia mess before illegit president get his SCOTUS.
Nuclear Option MUST be used. Republicans need to stop cowering in the face of Democrats, the minority for God's sake.
How about a formal apology for blocking Garland?
You really need to search your heart on this. You know it's  not right.
he must know it's not right. Right??
Stop blaming Hilary she no longer problem.  Trump is and do not throw baby out with bath water
no
why on earth would you be so eager about supporting someone nominated for a lifetime seat by a president under suspicion?
you stole the Supreme Court seat.  It will be an illegitimate judge.
Beware of the nuclear option, it will be forevermore make the court a political entity.
Why is Gorsuch all that? I see nothing there that moves me. Rather see a stronger choice along w the majority of citizens!!
hey libs. Guess what?Next Friday Gorsuch w/b confirmed by the Senate 57-43..after GOP does awaywith filibuster. Hahaha
let the American people vote!
Vote No!!! He's not to be trusted!
Maybe Trump's last year!! No confirmation in last year! Rules are rules. Put on hold!!
thanks for selling out our internet privacy, btw. Really appreciate it. Now to give us a crappy judge.
who are trying to convince?
sorry disagree with an alt right judge who puts corporations ahead of people should not be put on the court. Besides this
appointment was robbed by republicans it was a democratic choice   Rotten part you belong to   More of your presidents are
dishonest
Spend your time on getting impeachment going. Everyday our country and Europe is falling to Putin
HE IS WRONG FOR THIS JOB. DO your job and investigate Trump/russia
go nuclear and stop the insanity
his appnt shld b delayed until Russian election interference is resolved.only legitimate Pres can appnt SCOTUS.
No SCOTUS vote until Russian investigation complete!
No SCOTUS but Garland. You lost the majority vote, stole the election and we know. FBI investigation of Pres is not normal.
Will Merrick Garland be there?
Shouldn't we wait til after FBI investigation??
Do not support him and will remember you did. How about that environment...
You and McCain are always fooling us ... sad
Boooo
do you not have the integrity to admit this is a stolen seat? It was taken unfairly, and against the people's will.
given that the nation is so divided a moderate judge the majority can supported should be the way to go
how about holding one about Nunes
Do you want congratulations or just contempt
Merrick Garland should be voted on first.
remember Garland?  Republicans would not even interview.  Now press under investigation should not nominate.
* president
no vote until #russiaprobe is complete. #CzarTrump is under investigation he doesn't get to nominate anyone! #crookedDevinN
Any thing to stack the deck for big business,NRA. anti  working man and anti women
You need to think about your political career. Standing for Gorsuch could mean career suicide for you.
this admin is under investigation by FBI and should not be able to nominate a justice.   Country before party always.
Is it fair to your people to vote on a justice nominated by a president who may have been elected by cheating?
No Trump agenda until the Russian issue is resolved. Vladimir Putin doesn't get to name SC justices.
..... we don't need liberal judges that make judgments depending on his or her emotional feelings that day.
Happy we're getting a constitutional judge on the court.....
Really sorry to hear that. The law must be combined with compassion to render justice. Judge Gorsuch lacks compassion
compassion is something he has after he takes the robe off. ... and maybe that's how it should be ??
you can be purchased
Trump is under investigation. That's where you align yourself? That's tell us all we need to know about your character.
you are an old white guy in a very diverse state who is not listening to the constituents at all. We will #resist & replace
Maybe you can take back your votes in Obamas picks. The Dems are the party of hate so you are wasting your time.
confirm Garland then we'll talk.
while u stood in Columbia @the town hall, looked us in the eye sayin u can never be beat, we took notes #resistanceisstrong
Two words: Merrick. Garland.
This is an illegitimate nominee and confirmation, which was stolen from the previous Administration. The GOP will pay for it in 2018.
Why don't you listen to your constituents for a change and vote against Gorsuch? He favors BIG business and BIG money.
Will you hold one for Garland who you cheated out of a spot????
Maybe Merrick Garland should have received the same consideration?
ugh, don't waste your time. MG is the one to back- you know you've done wrong
So many will be standing with you in spirit! #confirmgorsuch
@LindseyGrahamSC@hlb544 And SO MANY MORE WILL BE REMEMBERING How GOP TREATED Judge GARLAND.
SAD!
Why did you sell our internet privacy? Why are you letting these nuts change the vision of America? It's not all about $$$$
do NOT vote for him - he will be your downfall
oh he will, b/c  @LindseyGrahamSC is a just a partisan hack. How did you vote for Garland, Lindsey? Oh wait, you didn't!
well now your ISP knows where you'll be, who you support, if you took an uber, and where you are having dinner. Nice job!!!
Really, on the steps of the Supreme Court? You are showing signs of desperation. Too bad about Karma.
NOTHING should move forward until Russia investigations complete.  Do what's right for the country, not your party.
this a #StolenSeat
U libs that keep bringing up Garland... haha in 1.5 weeks u can't do that anymore cuz we w/h a new SCOTUS- the GOP guy!!!!
I am a Dem who likes you very much, my problem with you and your colleagues is that you didn't give Garland a chance
Going to say anything about Merrick Garland?
what no Trump bashing today?
Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland.
I wish I could favor this a 1000x's... oh wait... I can!  1000x
No lifetime appointments by a President under FBI Criminal & Counterintelligence investigation.
Why do we care? Whining to us won't help you get votes. Our day is coming...Have fun with the rest of the sellouts! #resist
Gorsuch's qualifications are immaterial. The GOP's Garland maneuver tainted the process and needlessly harmed the republic.
That will not work Mr Graham. I respect you but stop being an hypocrite. Where were you when Mr Garland was nominated?
Stop! You know you belong with the @SenateDems @TheDemocrats
sorry I have a new found love for you as a lifelong Dem...but #Gorsuch #Gorsuch is a NO. many reasons but illegitimate P#1
to explain how I see @realDonaldTrump teams as illegitimate HIS OWN WORDS "can't be #POTUS while under FBI investigation"
I'm only going by @realDonaldTrump 's own pre-set RULES. dt's words & rules, I'm just trying to play along
maybe some real action on the unhinged, kleptocratic traitor in the WH would be a better service to the US at this time. 
why didnt u do that for garland?
looks like you're gonna be going nuclear. Live by the McConnell; die by the McConnell.
Hear the name Merrick Garland until your ears ring.
