IF this stupid Graham-Cassidy HC abortion passes, Sen Graham, your legacy'll be an outhouse of feces & its smell will follow you forever.
I have stage IV metastatic colon cancer. I'm 47. It's my worst nightmare Senator.
Enjoying yourself, Sen. Graham? Do tell us more, please, about how you want to repeal the #ACA just to annoy @SenSanders.
I wonder how your good friend John McCain feel about this statement?  He wants good old bi-partisanship!
You don't even know the full effect of the bill. You're voting on it without a real CBO score. You're not a lawmaker, just a lackey.
@LindseyGrahamSC used to be a sane, logical voice of reason. Now, he's drifted into madness.
Who gives a rip about what Bernie Sanders thinks! It's about American citizens here! Remember when you used to help citizens? Too long!
Traitor to the American people. Disgusting excuse for a human.
I think you mean AMERICANS worst nightmare.
If it's b sanders nightmare then it's worse for America
You're proud of that?
GRAHAM-CASSIDY'LL BACKFIRE ON THE TRUMPF & THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IN 2018 & 2020. DEMS'LL RETAKE CONGRESS & REPEAL IT TO THE JOY OF AMERICANS.
People's lives are at stake with your bill, who cares if Bernie gets upset=U will leave horrible legacy of killing more Americans than ISIS
I do not support Bernie, but at least he cares. Graham on the other hand cares only about the rich.
Seems like Graham's priority is to just defeat Sanders & Democrats. Millions of citizens are mere collateral damage. Sickening.
No. Their plan is so atrocious it will ensure the path of #medicareforallnow to fruition.

#GreatReads: The staggering hypocrisy of Bill Cassidy and Lindsey Graham: http://bit.ly/2xkjGXg  @mattyglesias 
Your face is actually everyone's worst nightmare
You are our worst NIGHTMARE! HELL is your next destination.
Ok Lindsey, how about VA coverage for.all?
CBO says it CANNOT score Graham-Cassidy's impact on the deficit, coverage or premiums "for at least several weeks." WHAT'S THE RUSH?!
https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/8/1/16074746/cassidy-graham-obamacare-repeal …  There is nothing pro-life about this bill. Graham, the bill is a nightmare but not for Sanders. It's horrible bill.
Why do you want to take away our Healthcare? We know you're trying to slip in a repeal. The uproar is this happens will be BIG!!
Oh, yes, but I am sure they will all PRAY on it, good Christians that they are, right? Disgusting hypocrites.
Good to know you are taking away insurance for millions just to spite Bernie. WWJD? Not vote for you! And he'd insure everyone!
With a $21 trillion plus debt, we can't even begin to think of having gov insurance.
Lindsey Graham is America's nightmare
It's the nation's worst nightmare.
It is the worst nightmare of the 130 million Americans it proposes to hurt.
I'm no Bernie fan, but your comment shows how partisan you continue to be. Only a bipartisan effort will bring long-term improvement.
Check the prices of pre-existing and other http://people.You  are a sham,a murderer.Who are you where is the kind L.Graham?
Federal contract employees can share some truth!

https://www.amazon.com/Hatched-Secret-Inside-Look-Affordable-ebook/dp/B0757CCJZR/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1504080725&sr=8-1&keywords=hatched+in+secret%3A …
Yes and that's really why you're doing this huh?  Just to piss off Bernie!  Where did the @GOP 'a compassion for Americans go?
It's the worst nightmare of millions of Americans who will lose access to healthcare. It's unconscionable that your bill ends Medicaid.
how does this help the middle class?  It creates chaos at the state level for healthcare and destroys completion on the exchanges.  Bad Plan
Is that your goal? How about worrying about constituents instead of political fights. #SaveACA
grow up.
Not to mention the millions who will be left without healthcare, and have to clog up our ERs and drive up our already idiotic premiums.
Are you calling this an ACA overhaul?  My god, you're loose with words.
Looks like your kicking my mother out. Shame on you.
No Lindsay, Bernie won't lose ins. Your legal execution of vulnerable Americans is our nightmare. You can't IMAGINE the terror & fear.
Lets get this done.
Dream B I G!  MR 46.  USA HCAccess + GRAHAMCARE!
Your's and Cassidy's is a nightmare for the American People.
USA HCAccess is the teaching tool added to GRAHAMCARE  could lead to a PRESIDENTIAL RUN!
USA HCAccess requires EQUAL treatment for ALL income tax wise!!!!!
IMAGINE =not ><
First time =not<> first time since 1913!!!
No it's Veteran's worst nightmare, cheap political score.
#GrahamCassidy cuts #Medicaid. 1,750,000 veterans covered by Medicaid. A vote for #GrahamCassidy is a vote to take healthcare from veterans.
Which means the bill will HURT ordinary Americans. Why can't the #GOP actually CARE about people? #GOPFail #GOPLetThemDie @lisamurkowski
I knew you were evil, Graham.  I didn't know how *pure* that evil was until now.  So thanks for the clarification I guess?
Oh, wow.  So, that's what's driving you...Being a Bernie nightmare.  @LindseyGrahamSC You don't care about doing RIGHT, but about popularity
Obamacare lite!  Just repeal! Let the free market clean up Congress F*ck up!
No, your bill is our worst nightmare. C'mon folks  let's shut those bastard down.  Call, email, March. We rise.
Why do I have to pay for your health care?
A Subsidy from a lower Local Government level is no different than a Subsidy from the Higher Government level. The Shell Game
125,000+ U.S. veterans are denied crucial mental health services by the dysfunctional and corrupt VA. The govt will get it right this time?
Makes Bernie unhappy? Youre a sick F @LindseyGrahamSC. You & your pals just making us sicker. You have no plan that helps everyone. You suck
No, it's America's worst nightmare.
Sanders is the most popular politician in US,  its not because he is trying to take insurance from 23 million Americans.
@LindseyGrahamSC Aint it right to see us die?  Ain't it good?
@LindseyGrahamSC Why would we need to survive once robots take over everything?
Just makes sense
Who says he isn't conservative?
@LindseyGrahamSC I like Lindsey Graham's plan. He's thinking ahead.
Who cares! Americans care about good healthcare not political grandstanding. 70% WANT ACA to stay. Fix it! Do your damn job!
How come the only Republicans we hear from are McCain and Graham
Sir, with all due respect, I am a constituent of yours, and it is MY worst nightmare as well.
And all of America's.  Trump states will be hit the hardest
Lindsay Graham is Americas worse nightmare.
Nope- U are our worst nightmare Lindsey. It's all you.
I beg to differ. Obamacare overhaul is Senator Graham's worst nightmare. All this rhetoric and no plan.
So you're saying that you're not doing this to help your constituents? #sodonewithyou
As a Republican I am appalled at the contents of this bill and have asked my Senators to vote NO!
Lindsey once again puts party over people.
That's right, it's a stab in the back of poor Americans, and any caring person would be ashamed of themselves.  We see you.
People's health is THEIR worst nightmare !! With YOU in second place !!  Gop is only pandering to those who have NO PROBLEM paying for insu!
The contempt show to politicians from "across the aisle" is disgusting.  That means you @LindseyGrahamSC
You are becoming my worst nightmare!
Sure Lindsey SUUUURE!!
Obviously corporate pharma and insurance lobbies are paying you well. OR, you're hung up on reversing what a black man created and HELPS
Bragging that your bill will tick off Sanders shows GOP's true motivation. Not good health care, just ticking off liberals. Way to go.
Your bill will take insurance away from 32 million. But hey, at least you get to trash talk Bernie Sanders, that's all that matters to you.
So is that what this is all about? Sticking it to the Dems?  Shame on you Lindsey!
No @Sen @LindseyGrahamSC , it is all American's worst nightmare.
@LindseyGrahamSC while you @gop monsters want to gut aca not caring how it will impact millions...its not a game ...its not about bernie
Monsters is right. Hateful mfers who only care about themselves.
ACTION ALERT Call your reps! Tell them vote NO on the new Cassidy-Graham "healthcare" bill. Show them the POWER OF THE PEOPLE (202) 224-3121
Your plan is shit Lindsey
Obamacare's overhaul is DJT's and GOP's nightmare. Don't drag Bernie into it.
@robportman if you vote for #GrahamCassidy, no one will vote for you. I suppose this means you're retiring next term? #ViteNoHB8
It's funny how you pretend to be a human being & then slap your name on this draconian piece of trash legislation. You're a fraud Senator.
I'm sickened over how the GOP is treating our health! We are not a business, we all deserve HC! W/no discrimination
Congress is my worst nightmare. No wonder the approval rating is in the teens-- job well done.
No it's our worst nightmare. Why do you think anyone would b glad to b thrown back to their coverage being at mercy of ins.companies.
@LindseyGrahamSC #GrahamMustGo  #MedicareForAll
I didn't think it was possible, but I hate Lindsey more than Paul Ryan and McConnell. What a two-faced weasel he is.
It's everybody's worst nightmare except for the 1% who will benefit from tax cuts! Ashamed of this new bill and the men who drafted it!
