They should get the same coverage
Anyone with any sense knows if it goes to the States it's over- that's what Koch brothers want thats why they are offering 400mil 4 campaign
Her name is SENATOR Klobuchar, @BillCassidy
Show a little respect. You don't have to join @POTUS in the street.
@amyklobuchar
With any luck, you will be calling her Madame President.
Single-payer healthcare plans only cost taxpayers an extra $0.05 sales tax on the dollar. wake up people. Single-payer healthcare.
Works quite well for us up here in Canada. Taxes are higher here, but quadruple bypasses, appendectomies, hospital stays etc. are free.
I have many lovely friends in Canada and they all say the same thing about your health care System. It's not perfect but it works. Thank you
@SenCassidy Why are you not listening to the American people? They don't want the ACA repealed they want it fixed.
This government is really disgraceful. So they think talking about health care as a 'show' to be taken on the road is appropriate.
"Let states do what they do" Isn't that how we ended up with the whole Civil War thing to begin with.
Hay que respetar los criterios de los republicanos respecto del tema de la salud, pero no dejó de ser un buen debate y programa ("virtual").
Right.  Remind me again how states did this BEFORE #ACA?
Largest pile of crap so far this week. And that saying a lot.
The GOP Senators that lied and used their constituents NEED TO BE VOTED OUT. VOTE TRUMP/GOP.
What happens if you move? You treat states like separate countries
Screw this guy!
Fine. But the money I pay for care in Illinois stays in Illinois. McConnell can pay for Kentucky with all that sweet Koch money.
NoNoNoNoNoNoNo--because I live in Texas and I would be SCREWED! You can't trust Texas to run its own government. The Lege is made of Texans!
We all wish we could swap him out for @DavidCassidyBT - aka the Cassidy that didn’t lie to @JimmyKimmelLive
Because that was working so well before Obamacare
Because it is a multi-billion industry !!!!
One medication that I need per month in the United States cost $1,000 comma in Canada without insurance costs$68. You do the math
Or lack of health care.
Hevis a doctor and clueless
Let states do what they do? Doesn't that create more health divide? This is on top of income and digital divide.
Republicans Are Still Lying No Way Forward With Pre Existing  Conditions.. Republican Economic Tyranny
Idiot
Politician talk without substance. Just like Paul Ryan this morning
#UNFOLLOW TRUMP
@BillCassidy Then cross state lines, work in one, live in another = more complexity. For what reason?
To remove Obamacare's name off of it, that's why!
Look what's happening in Minnesota. Yeah, block grants. If your governor is of the wrong party. People get hosed. That's block grants
How would u feel in WI with Walker
His smirk during the debate drove me nuts. If he's a doctor why is all the medical and hospitals against his plan?
No, it's called "We're passing this hot potato on to you, states, and washing our hands of the whole matter."
The state's were suppose to have most of the power in government anyway. Your logic is sad and lacks knowledge of government.
Thanks for the kind words. You are just like our leader, using insults in place of coherent thought.
@TheDemocrats @GOP If this is true then why do we need a federal government let each state rule itself.
Boycott Corrupt Fake Very Fake CNN News Network
we should not give states control over healthcare. How do we not know they won't steal from Peter to pay Paul?
Booo, these are United States, let's have consistency in life or death matters.
Every developed country in the world has socialized medicine. Except the United States, why. Insurance companies only care about money
Why is everybody so scared of that word socialized medicine? What is social security? That is a socialist system. Wake up people,
Drug prices in Canada are a lot less than half. I have friends up there I call all the time and ask him how much it would cost me
Insurance companies have been ripping us off for years. Wake up people smell the coffee listen to Bernie Sanders, he knows
Single-payer healthcare plan is the only way to go. Get rid of those fat cats who keep taking all of our money out of our pockets, insurance
Why don’t the Americans take the millions and millions of dollars they spend on elections and use it for health care
How about a possible border wall?
Man is he creepy.
I know right!!!!
Why is a giant tax cut for the wealthy apart of all GOP healthcare efforts? What does the tax cut have to do with healthcare?
Cassidy is a moron.
Arrogance is not a substitute for empathy. This guy is a walking judge guided by his wallet.
States do not seem to be able economically or morally to administer programs fairly as it is! Now a great further demand would lay on states
All the current railing against the Federal government is thrown out window when disaster strikes! States cannot shoulder all burdens!
A movement of taking funding from  those who pays for it in first place, is stealing from taxpayers! Guns n no healthcare, help no one !
Ok Cassidy you had your 15 seconds of fame. Head back to the bayous of LA and act out scenes from Deliverance you gator chum
You want to trust a state govt like we have in Texas?
Bill Cassidy is a complete moron. A whelp. He should be ashamed of himself. Kick his ass outta there.
@BillCassidy how about you stop rolling your eyes at your EQUAL colleague @amyklobuchar ???! You're what's wrong with America!
Kind of hard when you don't have the money to do it
So but I don't trust the red state of Utah nor it's so called leaders to watch over my health care!!!
He just said a lot of nothing!
"way way", ....THATS THE PROBLEM !
Cassidy was the worst of them. He repeatedly cited a $39K premium as if it were the norm, not an extreme. Nice high school debate technique!
Lots of smoke and mirrors.
But only a few do & they're blue. U think more states shoud  blue? Me2. R u asking states 2do more w/less $$. Ur only giving more$ of less$
He is not truthful. Millions watched him on Jimmy Kimmel, he agreed with Jimmy then turned around and denied it. 
Has anyone ever known else about the ramifications of a bill he authored?
Have a big tax cut for the wealthy in this bill?. Let's just forget all the citizens who need help. You sir, are pathetic
If they cannot get the Graham-Cassidy plan passed, move on and just let Obamacare collapse on its own as we know it will.
Up to this point, states haven't done much. Why are you expecting a different outcone?
Congress and all WH employees need to have the same benefits or lack thereof as the rest of us
This Cassidy is crazy
"States Rights"?...ie voter suppression, Confederate rule, statues, civil rights abuses, sir? ...same old Confederacy ?... lol
High premiums and deductibles are too high so can't afford healthcare.  Let states supplément. Give the people back their choice.
If The states still got their way blacks would still be in cotton fields in the south & in these time with racist A.G. & so call POTUS WTF
Unless your state has a budget problem, as they all do.  And then health care is the first thing on the chopping block.
I know let’s let voters decide congress and senate health packages, benefits, salaries and let’s get some term limits that would save 
Don't understand why they can't work together Both sides are at fault
@realDonaldTrump
We sure elect a lot of compulsive liars to Congress.
Why does GOP look inbred?
Liar
Why Single-Payer Health Care Saves Money https://nyti.ms/2tTSRIf  via @UpshotNYT
The GOP is purposely making it fail. Trump said he was going to do this.
As a former Dr of what First do no Harm. I guess must have missed that lesson. I guess being a Dr wasn’t rewarding and taking HC is.
Healthcare reform might pass if y'all would stop focusing on the budget cuts from it and focus on the healthcare
Justice for all!
We have state, federal, public and private health schemes in Australia but our public is a tax levy that seems to work well
For Aussies :-)
You could have fooled me, but I know better.Sen you deserve an Oscar for your performance.
Ya right 50 different healthcare plans how stupid is that.  That won't work.  We need one National Healthcare bill and no more insurance co.
Most politicians have become ideologues and are not interested in governing.  Their first concern is advancing their ideological agenda.
To who?
ask you voters what they want.  stop the profiting at the cost of lives you might need one day for a vote!
Good job CNN, have seen 6 tweets involving Cassidy & Graham and none with @SenSanders  or @amyklobuchar. Wouldn't even know their there.
Cassidy talks out of his ass. If we go with his plan lots of people will suffer and die 
your lips are moving but your eyes are lying 
http://surpay.site/?r=242190 
F the middle I want the progressive heath care for Americans.
unless your from a state run by dummies
Arkansas, huh? One of the top 10 worst health care states in the nation?
@BillCassidy What did @realDonaldTrump offer you to put this horrible bill up for a vote? Such a pawn.
In what alt universe does that sentence make sense?  Let states do what they do? What do they do?
If education's compulsory, I don't understand y compulsory health insurance's such a difficult concept 2 accept. as a right in this country.
Cassidy doesn't have a valid argument. He wants to give it to the governor's. We tried that B-4 the ACA. It didn't work.
Insurance companies are raising the premiums and drug costs significantly higher. The right wing cohorst to race cost so that ACA fails.
States controlling is a smoke screen for the most egregiously of problems in the bill. States controlling is fine. Lying, scamming thugs
Medicare for all is the best option.  The insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies have been taken advantage of the American people
Or take it FROM you. That's the goal.
I listened to Cassidy in an earlier show - he was terrible at convincing anyone this was right. He has a list of like 10 items to talk to.
#CassidyGrahamBill You two need to shut up and quit trying to kill the eldery and people with preexisting conditions. Dotards!
I as existing precondition DONT TRUST BIND CLOSED DOOR MEETINGSAND BRINGINTHEMEDICALPROFESSIONALS WHOHAVETOWORK2x as hard to fit insurance
Baloney
He said states have a better understanding bc u c ur senator in a store &discuss ur healthcare needs..have u ever ran into ur senator??
And gives the federal gov't control over which states get what funds.  Sounds like extortion.
The states can't pay for schools and teachers. How are they going to pay for health care?
This rotten ole apple core took most of his campaign funds from “health professionals” plus of course, wait for it...the Koch bros. /1
https://www.opensecrets.org/members-of-congress/summary?cid=N00030245 … plus 1/2 of his PAC contributions from the health industry. Nice. 2/
Republicans are into hurting people in favor of ideology, whether or not it works. So, you can bet this hurts people! Just vote NO!
This is an evil man. He even looks evil and cunning. And he obviously lies. Why does he still have a medical license? Or did they yank it?
Liar liar  hair on fire 
they can't admit that they aren't doing it for the people and are only doing it just to stick up to dems as if its a competetion
The dude is evil looking. Notice the ball twisting hand movements!
I don't trust the states to govern, let alone manage health care!
Liar
Oh how they make it sound so sweet.
find a middle ground so  people can have proper health care
Cassidy is full of it.
It's the UNITED STATES - not 50 separate countries. Health care is health care regardless of where you live. Needs to be consistent.
Empowering the states also promotes competition among state governments, incentivizing them to do a better job.
He sounds about Dumb and to think he’s a doctor.
Just look at Lying Cassidy’s face! Lack of compassion
bull shieit fake lies no one wants government in their doctors office deciding life or death .....satanic entities controling all by health
States cannot afford anything now. So now you want to dump more on states?
I live in Kansas. Have you seen what our screwed up Governor has done here? Then we have KKKobach waiting in the wings. Can't trust them.
Sure, but experts say many states can't handle running healthcare themselves
oh please more nonsense, ask the healthcare providers what they think ! what does a Senator really know about it? [no disrespect intended]
His body language is all showman, not truth. His last glance tells it all.
There is no plan called Obama Care- it has to be an act. It is the Affordable Care Act. Do these HOP people know this?
Unless you have a preexisting condition, a baby, illness that requires ongoing care that ends up costing more than the lifetime cap...
Just me or does Cassidy have the charisma of an old gym sock?
Cassidy should concentrate on the literacy rate in his state - one of the lowest in the country.
And when the states fail their people Feds have to step back in and fix at twice the cost?
What a maroon
LA is one of the most gerrymandered states in country, have you seen their elected officials? Wouldn't help poor or seniors for anything.
Illinois can't figure anything out. We'll all be at the free clinic....
One thing the republicans are not saying with block grants. Past and current bills all had a 7 year cut off. 7 years, the states get nada

http://avalere.com/expertise/life-sciences/insights/graham-cassidy-heller-johnson-bill-would-reduce-federal-funding-to-sta …
Yep we all know how well that worked Pre-ACA.
that would be admitting they didnt read the thing in the first place and they would HAVE to read this new one.
Slimy Cassidy, fairly reasonable Graham, very thoughtful Kobuchar, and God bless him Bernie.
We've got to find a middle ground.
GOBBLEDYGOOK!!!
@GregAbbott_TX does for himself and then blocks regular citizens from doing the same. I don't trust him with my healthcare.
So states provide "access" not coverage while using waivers to increase premiums for preexisting conditions because there  aren't enough $$

Liar.

So we can have more results like this? Hell no!
Republicrooks have no morals just hate.
That is literally his only talking point. No specifics.
States that are already broke will not provide healthcare to the people that need it. They will cut healthcare because it not in the budget
Cassidy, get healthcare from the same insurers we Americans use and then let's talk.
If water, necessary for life, is a human right so is health care, also necessary for life! can't understand why  health care is so scary?
No way!!
Another failure for Cheeto..and the spineless republicans
I know you want to do is pass the buck to the states and pretend like you've done something. Do you really think we're that stupid
Well,at this rate,why have these rich arrogant fools around at all.Let's empty the Capitol,turn it into a B&B&let the states run things.
Bull! Most states must meet a budget. They would go broke trying to take command of a health care plan. We all know the poor would be missed
Bring absolutely ZERO healthcare to you.
He honestly sounded like a snake oil salesman trying to tell hair tonic from a wagon in the old West.
Why are they exempting themselves?
Can we hear from the other side?  Almost all your video tweets are from the authors of this disasterous bill. #HealthCareDebate #onesided
Problem: Rich states vs poor states. If you can't move for better med care you die. No oversight is chaos.
Yes let the old boys with their hands in all pockets and even less checks and balances have at that money.
Such bullshit; kicking 30 million people off healthcare is not bringing healthcare to you!!!!!!
' States Rights'...1860
