Graham deserves zero respect. I'd trade him for Assange any day
All your responses are insults yet we provide factual information, typical Clinton supporter, blindly following. Wake up
u have no leg to stand on u r a war monger
send ur kid to war
and Obama wasn't ? 
@Run_IsHere and Trump is his hope for America...
Trump has one desire in mind, to be as powerful and as rich as Putin, at America's expense. @LindseyGrahamSC
yet Clinton intentionally accepted millions in jihadist money and is a war criminal, what you're saying is not true and idiotic
Sure she did you moron, her charity took dollars to save babies and aids victims, she didn't take a red cent, stop the fucking lies
They can't. The weird bubble of fiction & conspiracism is all these left behind drones have. The world will pass them.
agree. @Zyncrem
This is the dying wail of a world made irrelevant by technology. Time + natural attrition will see to them.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Lady Graham Corruptness breeds worry, you and your ilk are the enemy and it won't be tolerated
You're not Too Bright go away! American people read the #Wikileaks emails most of you are Crooked and your 1 of them! Smh
You hacks lost. Get over it. Go join the Democrat party where you belong.
Julian Assange is right, at least about you guys.
not "we" as in US, you effeminate #neocon #RINO #globalist hack; but YOU. You, #Boehner, #McConnell, #Gingrich, #Sessions..
Julians Assange's stated aim is transparency in government, in all countries.
you invaded Iraq for BS reasons same for Bombing Libya arming and funding AL-NUSRA in Syria ya would say he's right
well honestly Lindsey, you and McCain are our enemies, just like the pathetic elites that have paid your way
...are those The Iranians we gave $10 billion dollars in cash & gold to last year? 

#AmericanCrimeStory
and its because our politicians lie to the American people @cnn @foxnews
@marieinal that is trump world too
How about CNN giving questions to Donna Brazile? Is that influencing an election?
... Lol .  Seriously.  he was talking about You and the rest of the Establishment..  Wow.. made my day.  he loves America.
Most Republicans think you and the turncoat John McCain are the bad guys as well. You each define the term RINO. Have McCain say hi to Soros
Not true. The bad guys are the ones who don't care about the citizens of our country, like @HillaryClinton ...
In Trump's world, the Russians and Syrians are the GOOD guys. Murderous dictators.
@MimiLeroch @LindseyGrahamSC also this excuse that the info released out weighs the means getting it. Is like saying a women
In Lindsey Graham's world, the Russians and Americans start exchanging rocks and then nuclear weapons... #Dumb
well you start more wars than all 3 of them put together, so I think he's justified
@notthatCate @Savvastzionis but ain't we all friends again? General Zod told us so 
the strangest aspect of Trump is this Russiaphilia
they both share a healthy contempt for democracy
My goodness Lindsey, look at the horrific corruption in Washington. We can't even trust the DOJ, FBI nor the CIA.
You must have loved the Iranians. Where was your big mouth when you allowed Obama to rape Americans?
In his world, as in mine, lying, cheating, power mongering politicians are the bad guys. We're onto you.
All Government is bad guys 2 the #Truth seekers when the institutions created 2 Protect and Defend R Corrupted by Elitist Oligarchs.
only the crooked govt that you rhino are a part of are the bad guys.
so you're all for investigating @realDonaldTrump and Team for cooperation with the Russians?  #RICOACTTRUMP NOW!
MUST Check Trumps Finances, why so loyal to RT talking points??
Can you share why you are saying that Russia had no influence on outcome of the election? Trump used their strategy daily
http://www.wakingtimes.com/2017/01/06/72-bombs-day-u-s-spreads-democracy-freedom/ … fyi Mr Graham
Well, we killed 500000 Iraqi kids (UN)through starvation by sanctions due to bad CIA guess work - pretty bad!
I think Sean Hannity should be charged for spreading propaganda from Putin and Assange. He helped them.
@jtlaramore Cuz US has done much evil: .overthrowing dem elected govts, selling weapons incl $38B to s.arabia, nuclear bomb
cartoonish oversimplification typical of Republicans black and white no shades of gray view of the world.
you need to fix tweet to read  In Donald Trump and Julian Assange's world.. fixed it!
you mean that the russians are bad guys (iam russian). Ok, remains to be seen who is bad guy
You are correct - YOU are the bad guys -  YOU and the other crooked politicians in Washington DC.  #pizzagate
Normal, USA have committed a lot of crime in M-E and Africa to colonize countries
Yes,you are the bad guys.And you will be in jail.
.@LindseyGrahamSC When truths are known, no politician may distort it successfully. Your political career speaks volumes of non-value.
in Obamas world Iran is the good guys and Israel a enemy of the U.S
uh sacrifices of raped and tortured children to your "god" is pretty much the worst shit there is. Looking at you Lindsey.
why is that? Please explain.
Plz ask #Ecuador to ship #JulianAssange to #NorthKorea or #Iran ? He'll love #Pyongyang this time of year.
@CIA Julian Assange is an enemy of America.  Countries harboring him should be pressured to give him to America.
You ARE the bad guy, Senator Gayman. You are a tool of progressives.
He shares that world with the leader of the GOP. When hearings show cause, will you vote to impeach?
So the American people don't have a right to hold their politicians accountable? Why not? Some shady stuff going on w/ you?

.@BreitbartNews Far from freedom’s greatest champion, Assange may eventually be seen as one of its greatest enemies http://www.breitbart.com/national-security/2010/12/01/who-is-julian-assange/ …
I'm a former Republican who lost their home to medical debt pre-ACA. Bush lost my vote. #GOPmustRepresentAll
in addition, Assange isn't part of any valid international group or trustee of any economy. He's a crook.
I can't believe Assange is even a consideration toward how our government engages. He doesn't represent any US constituent
@Meacheal1 except if you are trump
you forgot to add treasonous Donald Trump to that list. I'm a Dem but truly appreciate your non-partisan stance on this!!!!
Time to hit Putin with max impact from all of the multi-media weaponry we have and not let up until he's finished.
"we" as in the corrupt politicians that will not get over the fact "the people" have taken their country back! Move on...
.@LindseyGrahamSC You're a liar & you know it. YOU work for the people. Get it straight or resign.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @BrBabblingBooks You do realize, of course, that the President-Elect is siding with Assange. What will you do about it?
No Senator he does not paint us as the bad guy.  HE shows us what we have done.
Assange is employed by Russia Today. Americans that can't see thru this are dumber than a sack of hammers.
@LindseyGrahamSC @observatory_me
what was found is government corruption in our country that part of your job was to defend against. Your the traitor.
Trump might very well pardon Assange.
Wikileaks IS a Russian op. https://20committee.com/2015/08/31/wikileaks-is-a-front-for-russian-intelligence/ …
no you are the BAD GUY!!  Wish you would just disappear!!!
Meitner gggbxg gfsv tech hdb hdbd hdb
Not Iranian people; of course! 'Cause they love US.
one of the few Republicans i support and would vote for
he's been surprising the hell out of me today. But trust, not yet
right, he was one of the few to back the Nomination of Judge Sonia Sotomayor https://youtu.be/NWwbgbTEjlE 
Assange is a criminal. He should be treated as such. #PutinPuppet
@MalcolmNance  And not TRUMP!
@Oregonemom 

Pay no attention to the innocent countries, hospital's and wedding parties we've droned
Best debate evei!!!!!!!Good luck Sent
@pj1414 #Indivisible you forgot @realDonaldTrump he is obviously a friend!
Coincidentally, it's the same way in Donald Trump's world. #TrumpTreason #KremlinDon
JULIAN TOLD ON THE PEDOPHILES AND ANTI AMERICANS IN OFFICE. CLINTON MASSIVE CRIMINAL TRAITOROUS ACTS TOWARD US AND COUNTRY
Are you trying to indulge in #FakeNews?
Sen. Graham, the country is depending on you to be an American first and a Republican second.
Doesnt SC's people have better things for tou to focus on?
Well,we can be certain he disliked Hillary enough to help put CommieLoverTrump in the AwfulOffice 
What he was at outset?
YOUR THE BAD GUY GO GET MARRIED GET A LIFE
Wrong!Assange is against establishment. He's with Putin working Trump, as patsy, to destabilize US. U miscalculated badly!
Assange has been exposing corruption in government that you helped create.  I believe Assange and not you or @johnmccain
you are the bad guys and we are all waking up and seeing it for the 1st time.
This stinks just like Benghazi. HRC/Obama and CIA. There is a trust issue and yes this is a made up story! Wake up!
That's not what he said in any interview at any time. The method is transparency, the GOAL is justice.
we will not vote for you anymore
He also looks like a Bond villain.  Thank you for standing up, @LindseyGrahamSC.
Julian Assange is no friend of America and no friend of democracy.
@gbeckyhudson Trump agrees with Assange as does @SpeakerRyan for not stopping this nonsense
I call bs.They agree w/ who ever backs their story up.Just like 99.9% GOP. Lindsey is right!
Lindsay is right, but the rest of the RIGHT is wrong. At least we will know who 2 blame.
... You think ALL Americans are fools?  Act of 1871 ... Polititians ARE THE BADS GUYS RINO
IMO Trump must be stopped. He is a clear & present danger. Fear is real and justified. .@JoeNBC .@SenJohnMcCain
What about PEOTUS wanting to gut CIA etc..? Will U be complicit Sir in Safety&Security of our U.S. being outsorced to KGB?
Perhaps the likes of you should go back into your holes instead of making Americans die in more pointless wars.
@MattMurph24 Yet, he is the rapist, the criminal, the one hiding out. Separate yourself from this monster while you can.
He wasn't asked about, nor did he compare us to anyone else! Typical political dodge!
you ARE the bad guys and girls. Very bad. Child trafficking, torture & killing, bad. Wars, bad. Lies, bad. Baddest of bad.
@MalcolmNance. Hiding in that embassy has made him looney.
name another country where the leader wins a Nobel peace prize then bombs 7 other countries? US isn't good anymore
when the nuclear missiles r heading this way nothing u say can stop them,. Russia will have no problem obliging us, careful
lol no Democrats are the bad guys. Do you even follow politics
@Melacook0515 Please stand up to McConnell and investigate the Russia connection! #traitor
Tell that to Trump, please!
wow talk about useless the peotus is fucking a KGB agent and you're bloviating on Twitter
@EJLandwehr Apparently in the world of @realDonaldTrump as well... #TheResistance
Cables released by Assange were used by Taliban 2 crack down and kill Afghanis working 4 us. Assange is the enemy of the US
@ProgressOutlook not just His world... the REST of the world knows the US lost any moral high ground decades ago
What does he know about YOU & your good old boys? Fear makes a man say strange things #TheResistance
Shut. Up.
It's crazy to think the future President of the US is PRAISING a man who decries the US, all the while on the run for rape.

educate yourself on the man. He's not even anti govt simply anti corruption
Rubbish! You Benedict Arnold - - you are the enemy -tried have WWIII with Russia. You & @SenJohnMcCain are deranged.
if by 'we' you mean me, McCain, Obama, Hillary, etc then you're right. You are the bad guys
@JordanSchachtel Too bad you never did anything about that. Now nobody trusts you. They're willing to believe. @wikileaks
NYT article on Assange. The text is hauntingly familiar. His childish behavior, hate of HC and admiration of Russia.. hmmmm
which is why we need that independent investigation you backed away from!!!
After T's tweet saying NKorea wouldn't have that missile 2 W coast?May not matter-That guy doesn't take things well-Dumb!
you are back peddling like I've never seen a #GrOPer  #swamp  do previously! NOW start impeachment of #tRump, please!
and Trump's world
changed to 2017
you are the bad guy sir
You're close, but it's you not we that's the bad guy!
@fritzco64 No comment from speaker of the House yet. O yeah he is to busy dissembling Obama care. So sad!
despite opposing u & ur party I commend u & @SenJohnMcCain 4 keeping the pressure on @realDonaldTrump & GOP thank U
Truth is something America is looking for Sir!
.@LindseyGrahamSC yeah but I've always thought you were a bad guy anyway
Thanks for speaking out Sen. Graham.
in Assanges world all governments are accountable. If that means we're the bad guys perhaps we should reevaluate America.
@KevinMLevy 
Gotcha Mr Bilderberg, try your lying spin elsewhere
Truth hurts you & therefore you want to discredit Assange
.@1VirtualPixie @LindseyGrahamSC Mr. who...?
Bilderberg ... Research ...
Yes. We need to know why Trumpleaks is trending & why he's against our spy agencies & Secret Service. Things are not rite!
THE PHOENIX OPERATION AND MANY OTHERS BARES THIS OUT!
THE U.S.A. IS NOT A SAINT.
ALL ARE CAPABLE OF GOOD AND BAD.
w all their flaws, I highly value our nation's Intelligence Agencies; I'm becoming very afraid of Trump's indolent approach
how is it we allow as holed up Aussie hiding out in an embassy vs facing charges to influence Ed nice our democracy? WTF?
I've listened to plenty of Assange & his ilk's theories; their view is that US causes all world problems; they're enemies;
And he is working tirelessly toward our destruction with the collusion of traitors.
@MattMurph24 Our intel agencies r under attack by comrade kleptocrat @realDonaldTrump & putin gave him the marching orders
@Tina49747372  In our world trump the con is the bad guy, the dangerous fraud turned loose on America by the GOP.
TRUMP IS A TREAT TO OUR DEMOCRACY. OUR FREEDOMS MADE AMERICA GREAT. TRUMP IS BOUND TO CREATE AN OPRESSIVE POLICE STATE.
in DJT's world too. Stop him B4 Jan 20th
Thank you for your concern for American people. Keep fighting!! Cannot let this Peotus ruin our democracy!!
Do your job! Expose this Russian hacking to the dummy Republicans who now think Russia is our friend because T says so.
well you got part of that right! You are a bad guy because you try to hide stuff from American people! Establishment yuck
When will you and @SenJohnMcCain stop trying to start a war with every country on the planet? It's all you two talk about.
I agree
DJT new BFF...
You are aware there are MORE emails yet to be released? Right Lindsey? If I where you I'd come clean now.
Do something. Special investigation into Russian hacks NOW! Defend America.
Unfortunately,  for US, that appears to be #DJT 's world too
@jwalkerbryson Assange a perverted communist traitor must be tried for US election meddling at the pay of Putin/KGB/GOP/RNC
Okay, but let's dial back the rhetoric a notch.
@ProvaxShill and I'm starting to believe it.  #StandUpToRussia #GOPCowards #RussianPuppet #Putinspuppet #GOPIsTrumpsBitch
What happened to the investigation, Senator?? Trump wants to gut our Intel and sell us to Putin!
you are the bad guys. You and the other progressives are always pushing for globalism. America is fed up with it
@StuPolitics And, unfortunately, the P-E Trump seems to agree with Assange. #GOPreally?
@chaching4661 Please Senator, don't back down, stand up to @SenateMajLdr.  Put America First.
Why are you not pursuing the Russian hacking? Assange, Trump & Putin, are all in on it.
if you're lying and actively covering truth, you ARE the bad guys.
based on what? Assange is one of the last bastions of truth. Which is why you are so obsessed with smearing him.
Stand up and do something about if you love your country. Demand an independent select committee!!!
@rolandsmartin Julian is not an American. He has placed his loyalty to Russia and our PEOTUS has done the same. #TraitorDT
what does assange have on trump.....assange is a opportunist working for putin
I have never been a fearful person. Now i feel like a little kid with my hands over my eyes & ears. I am 64! Trump is dangerous
