Senator. Please read this which should Wake you up to the urgency for US military intervention in Venez

Please retweet and help save America:

There's a #Nazi in the #WhiteHouse and his name is #SteveBannon 

…

Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka, Bannon, and Steven Miller. #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller 
Seriously YOU don't know why White supremacist see a friend in 45 ? He has Steve Bannon on his WH staff?! 45 led the birther hate group! 
we love u senator wish u were the president keep up the good work
You own @realdonaldTrump. You support his warmongering and tsk tsk over Gorka, Miller, Bannon and him, Nazis in our White House. I'm stunned
Go away Linsey

Enjoyed your perspective. Thank you for your honesty.
Swampy, You are ALWAYS getting ready to appear on media. You NEVER miss an opportunity to disrespect our President. YOU will be voted out!
You have become a fraud - self first, party second, and patriot only when useful! Your party may forgive you but History will not.
You should have stayed home. When will you disavow the #AwanBrothers ? https://youtu.be/qhJjTHYDiPI 

Donald Trump's staff asked him to personally deliver a statement denouncing white supremacists. He refused. https://twitter.com/billkristol/status/896769090093805568 …
Never missing a chance to criticize @POTUS and campaign for 2020...Dude you got 1% the last time!
  https://www.youtube.com/edit?o=U&video_id=JlXLF8RqmNc …
time fo you to stand for what is right.  2018.  change is coming.
History will remember your white supremacist friends
This is what the republicans own congratulations !!!
L. grham is an enemy of all true patriots.
Vote him out...
When aren't you getting ready to run your mouth?
Senator. Please read this which should Wake you up to the urgency for US military intervention in Venez
Remove Trump #impeach #convict or #25thAmendmentNow
Remove trump and his Nazi friends now dammit!
Yes very much so
People will believe anything . Ha 
Impeach the no brain!
Yeah, I can't imagine why white supremacists think they have a friend in the WH. 
You are weak on trump and his coziness with nazis, disappointed in you

First thing Monday, these three white nationalist supporters need to be fired. 
Too bad! You should've  been banished to  #RINO island long ago. You'll be gone next go around. Gauranteed! #TermLimits #MAGA #LockHimOut
What the hell does it take for you people in Congress to DO YOUR JOB and IMPEACH Trump? The country is in danger and you know it.
If you really believe Nazism & white supremacy has no place here, then get @realDonaldTrump to fire these three. They're fueling it.
You had better not trash Trump this is not on him this is part of the liberal left and ANTIFA and people are sick it stop blaming Trump 
This is wrong. Simply Google the individual Confederate States Constitutions, read them, then tell me how it had nothing to do w/slavery.
Who is Lindsey Graham?
SC does not know. He changes with the wind.
Tell like it is SC!!!! Bravo
You and you buddy McCain are die hard never trumpers so glad you can go talk with another the host of foxnewsSunday. Stop looking long time
What say you Senator? This is in the White House. it's UN-American.
Death to the GOP and their racist leaders. #ArrestTheNazis
I can't believe you can't see the rationale for Military Intervention.

Are you standing up to racist Trump and co?
go check on the toddler running around the WH with matches Lindsey!!  jesus..
I hope when the time comes we make sure to remind people that you went against the president every chance you got.We the voters don't forget

I hope you brought your balls and intentions to use them with you.
Let's condemn white supremacist activity on white supremacist and women abusing network. Sound believable to anyone else?
Can't wait to see what comes out of your mouth now, but I sure it's nothing good
Once again you wussed out & gave the country word salad, providing racist corrupt narcissistic friend of hatred POTUS, plausible deniability
I hope u will challenge the usual FOX unquestioning authoritarian narrative & insist on rejection of the re-branded 'alt-right' Nazis.
Yay! Talking. It'll get better now.
I hope you wake up about Trump.
#TheyLive
All talk no action... just get yourself a wife mate
You mean AltRight News? #FakeNews
The American public is not obsessed with Fox Entertainment News. Why do you insist on supporting them?
Haven't you figured out yet, that these jerks are PAID rioters, not real protesters? WAKE THE HELL UP!!! https://charlotte.craigslist.org/tfr/d/actors-and-photographers/6253305119.html …
Well just don't speak but actually do something! Bannon, Gorka and Miller need to go!!! Wake up GOP!!
Please speak out on white terrorism and why this @POTUS CANNOT UTTER THE WORDS White Evil Supremists.
#Foxnews disgusts me and more than half of Americans.   This is the story they are no doubt not telling:
Why don`t U talk 2 CIA director Pompeyo why we need 2 be n Venzue.Maybe U will learn something.Also we have 1 Pres.DJT nt U. Qujit ur smurki
Poster boy for White Nationalism, Neo-Nazi's and the Kkk!  #TheResistance #Charlottesville
YOU, GOP, HAVE RESPONSIBILITY
You have allowed this! 
Miller, Bannon, Gorka. 
Get them out!! NOW!!
@LindseyGrahamSC OWN THIS
You say "I don't know why White Supremacy see a friend in @POTUS"  Did you not pay attention during campaign? DT is a racist, you know this


This administration supports domestic terrorism by the very people who committed it yesterday. Good luck getting Homeland to give a fuck
Love Lindsey Graham, but I wish HE'D SHUT HIS MOUTH!!!
How about MSNBC?
#LindseyGraham, when u "get ready to speak with #foxnews," it's #fauxnews. It'll b real news when u speak to real media.
stop legitimizing their dis-informative far right propaganda.  You owe it to ALL voters of SC to speak the truth to neutral media #inners
What is your negative comment today?
Lindsey Graham you an Republicans need to impeach Trump
Do you condemn Nazis and White Supremacists?
You honestly dont know why White Supremacists think they have a friend in trump? Really? Did you see his rallies?.Bannon..Miller..Gorka..
Always Fox , becoming Trump's mini me.
Lindsey Graham. What are you guys waiting on to impeach Trump? You know the reason he's in that. WH
 You know he does not value America
You "don't know why" Nazis and KKK "think they have a friend in the White House"? Really? Your milquetoast BS responses must stop. Be a man.
Welcome back to Twitter, Senator. Hope you had a nice day yesterday NOT condemning the acts in #charlottesville…
You've been on one show after another lately.
Fox is an arm of Russia Today. Stay off fox
Condemn the alt right
That should be especially boring
Be serious... get off fox.
Why are you still supporting a president who will not call out white supremacy? How can he be fit to govern in your mind ?
Don't watch Fox News
Go away @LindseyGrahamSC   Be a hero! #censureTrump
Faux News. No thanks. Try a real network sometime
How did you take a picture of yourself. Why are there so many faces.
Of course you are. Fox News - the network for racists and sexists. And fake news.
To talk about our fearless leader? Or should I say fuehrer?
Why don't you justify his threatening military action against Venezuela? That would be entertaining.
Many of us don't watch Fox News, so we can't watch you
You do realize that @FoxNews is a massive part of the problem wrt where we are as a country...right?
FOX again, Mr Senator? What a surprise. It's almost like you don't think your voters would see you anywhere else.
Like anybody with brains watches Fox? Come on!!! 
One minute you stand for something and the next you go on FOX and negate everything by appearing on the PROPAGANDA channel!
-yes by all means go on Fox...they love your BS
Trumps verbal abuse and bullying is insighting violence in our Country.Republicans Need to side with Americans. Need to do your jobs.
Not watching. Do better
Let me say it for you. You're "troubled" and "disappointed." If only there was a legislative body that could stop him...
Spineless enabler. #notfoolinganyone
I hope you talk about #NOKO. You really know your stuff.
Impeach the racist.
#Charlottesville
John Songbird McCain is a traitor and a RINO!
Where is your statement of outrage against alt right racist white supremacists? OMG What on earth is wrong with you?
For 20 years, Fox has subverted our democracy. We must organize a sustained effort to boycott their advertisers.
Gonna get on state TV so you can defend those Nazi pricks? Try to blame yesterday on the left somehow?
Mention bussed in blm an antifa so they can start riot then blame all them white people
Wow, you're slumming today Lindsey. Oh well, maybe you will enlighten their tiny minds while their mouths spew their alternative facts.
Democrats should speak out against liberals against free speech in this country
I hope you aren't too troubled. No actually I hope you are deeply troubled. Like I am that you haven't condemned #Charolettesville.
I don't watch @FoxNews propaganda. I'd gladly watch you on @JoyAnnReid @maddow Or @Lawrence
Soon you will be drained from the swamp.....deservedly so....
Channel is blank


Is he gay?
Lindsey will do anything to get on TV and attention. But he follows the pack. No leadership
FOX "News" is "Fake News" BULLSHIT Senator!!!
Boom!
Nobody is watching that propaganda chanel
Talk about Southern strategy about white nationalists, nazis, kkk.  Y'all know all about this, duh.
Spare us your apologies and explanations for Trump
I'm sure "Fox Fake News" Viewers are on the Roof of their Trailers adjusting the Satellite Dish   to listen to Ole Lindsey Boy !
I'm sure you're an absolutely miserable person to be around.
That's not True  Because I hope you didn't fall off your *Trailer* adjusting your Satellite Dish ,
Help President Trump get his agenda on fast track or resign-Americans are disgusted with Congress
Go back to D.C. And repeal and replace and support our POTUS
If UR going 2 continue 2 support a President endorsed by the KKK, then I couldn't care less about what U have 2 say  #Charlottesville
Of course I won't know what he says because I will not watch this joke of a propaganda channel.
Omg. STOP
Why do you give the real fake new fox credibility by talk on that far right wing nut organization...wake up and stand up for American 
Give 'em hell.
Please - just retire/resign.
Isn't fox part of the problem here with their fantasy spin and propaganda of trump?
Try putting #CountryOverParty for a change. #Charolettesville is @GOP shame. When will stand up for America against the thugs in the WH?
We ALL expect to hear that nazis and kkk are not welcome here in america. If not you have betrayed america.
I seriously hope you condemn the president's words, or rather, lack of the appropriate ones. Can you really take 3 1/2 more years of this??
State run media for russians, white supremacist, hate mongers, sexual predators. R u apart of these groups...seems like it
Who cares?
Still waiting for your statement on Charlottesville
Let me get into line to NOT watch.
Fox doesn't work on my TV. Lindsey try another network.
say something meaningful, i dare u, & something that reflects the bipartisanship we need. oh yea, & make sure to rake fake prez over coals.
You're right. For 7 years the GOP has promised. Now you sit on your hands.  Worse, you obstruct the President. We voters despise you.
You need to stop going on Propaganda news
Thank you for disavowing white supremacy and, like @SenCoryGardner , setting the example for the Pres and other Republican leadership.
Is a southern boy not going to stand up against white supremacy? What is happening Senator? Have you lost your principles? America for all.
if you switched teams and became a dem you literally wouldn't have to put up with any of this shit...

Condemn the domestic terrorists in Charlottesville!  They are as terrible as ISIS!
If you want people to hear you, Lindsey, you need to speak on a real news show , not faux news. Can't in all good conscience tune in
Will you stand for America & not Trump? The Nazis are thanking trump https://www.dailystormer.com/unitetheright-charlottesville-live-updates/ …  3:46 pm
Please don't spew more partisan talk.  Bipartisanship views are healing.
Because on Fox, they don't has questions that are too hard.
State News Comrad ... you are like all the rest.
Why question would be why?That bunch spreads lies and hate
Tell us how all those guys in Arlington would feel watching Nazis in their country Lindsey? The ones chanting "Hail Trump". GOP2017
Wow no mention of #charlotesville.
Lindsey get your message out on Block Grants and make it stick. Progressives won't like it because it will put an end to single payer @POTUS
Good Sunday, Sen.Lindsey GRAHAM.of South Carolina, Armed Services/Judiciary Committees
If you want to speak out try a different source @FoxNews is not who we are listening to.
Agreed.
GOP silence & endorsement of Trump unleashed  deplorables. could have stood up 2 this man but instead joined forces 2 put party b4 country!
Anyone who does not abandon a political party led by a man unable to  condemn white supremacists and nazis is without morality or principle.
Was a Bernie sanders supporter and both sides were violent
About your leader inciting yesterday's march and failure to call it what it was domestic terrorism by white supremacists
Getting ready to carry @realDonaldTrump 's water.  Let's listen to you defend "many sides". #Trumpsboy
Let's see if you've grown a spine
Stand against racism
I hope you are supporting the President this morning. I am a former Democrat who voted for @POTUS. The lower middle class needs ACA repealed

