why didn't you work with Obama?
Back in the day when you were a GOOD senator
The GOP has had DECADES to come up with a health care plan. WTF have you been doing all these years since killing the Clinton Plan?
Yes, work with Dems but don't just talk about it Lindsey.  Do it.  Time for talk is long gone.
After you explode Obamacare which actually was working for some of us. We're not all stupid.
I'll believe it when I see it.
it will only collapse bc GOP is trying to shoot out its kneecaps. The AHCA is garbage and you know it. DO BETTER.
Really?Spoken like a person not paying.Because if you had to provide yourself not handouts,you'd know it sucks since ocruma screwed us.
Why not work with the Dems to fix what you don't like about Obamacare? You're bulldozing a house because you don't like the kitchen cabinets
Jesus H. What happened to you?
And if it fails, it's the dems fault...nearly clever
hahahaha How many Dems did you invite to come help work on it??
Zero
They probably sent some tiny invites to the secret midnight basement meetings to work on the secret bill that no one read before signing.
After collapsing obamacare maybe try what California and New York is attempting? A one payer cost controlling system? We pay more & get less
Translation to English: Republicans are too incompetent to be proactive.
Something needs to be done! My niece cannot even get an OBGYN that will cover her #Obamacare REPEAL IT NOW !
Why don't you prevent the ACA from being sabotaged instead?
It took u a long time to say those words
Hard to work with Dems on healthcare when GOP is working behind closed doors? What about public hearings?
Wow. Sounds similar to, after we steal SCOTUS seat we should challenge Dems to work with us to seat our guy. You GOP just plain suck.
What about fixing the mess Republicans created by electing @realDonaldTrump.
You assholes have done your best to sabotage it. People die. You are murderers. F yourselves.
Stop acting a Republican and act like someone that works for the people of America & not like you're working for insurance companies.
The only problems with Obamacare have been caused by YOUR party's obstruction with medicaid expansion and exchanges. Not Dems job to fix it.
You think you can take care of 300 times that amount with government Healthcare. Government screws up everything they touch. Get us out
Scrap the whole thing. ACA didn't work acha won't work. Government health care doesn't work. You can't even take care of vets at the VA
No. Democrats came up w/ ACA. U had 8 yrs to come up w/something better & it looks like u wasted 8 yrs. #TermLimits looks like a better plan
How about you just fix it if the GOP is so smart - try that instead of whining and pointing fingers like spoiled 10 year old boys.
If your party is so dam smart why you need help? If the dems did a bad job, y you need help. You had around 8 years to come up with better!
Spoken like a true RINO! Dems don't want to cooperate! Show that GOP can govern & get Trump's agenda done! We r watching u!
Your actually gonna go against you fellow dems
Perhaps you should have spent the last 8 years on improving it instead of trying to defeat it with no viable replacement.
pre obamacare people who did not have employee provided health care had ZERO options! Especially if with pre existing.Not a mess: a solution
Just do the right thing.  Be humane
Why not before?
Rather than the #AHCA, I suggest reintroducing the Healthy Americans Act, which had bipartisan support, including yours. #SinglePayer
Dems would like nothing better than to fix the ACA so all the horrible results of the House bill won't destroy American families.
Start by withdrawing taxpayer for the Paris accord
by collapse you mean Republican sabotage
Why haven't the democrats explained bernie's rhetoric that Australia Care is better than Obamacare ?
Over 60% of Americans favor a #SinglePayer universal healthcare system. Who cares what Repubs and Dems want. ENACT WHAT THE PEOPLE WANT!
Or #republicans can try to fix the pieces that are broken as opposed to putting people at risk by allowing #ACA to collapse. #healthcare
You have an opportunity to work with Dems to fix the issues with the ACA, rather than trying to push the through terrible TrumpCare.
I am a constituent, I am in SC and I want you to vote against this monstrous bill. It will leave millions uninsured.
Ya in all this closed republic meetings your having. Why are you not doing this now. Hypocrite
Why not fix it before it collapses? What an irresponsible attitude.
Americans would benefit if the Republican president would stop sabotaging the ACA and worked on improving it. It needs bipartisan support.
Why not work w/Dems to fix Obamacare. Our country would be better off if you children would get along. Get rid of that ass in the WH thought
Why are you leaving poor and seniors and disabled out cold with unafordable rates and only giving huge tax breaks to rich?
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @SpeakerRyan 

Tell truth
Due to GOP uncertainty insurance companies decide not 2 renew plans in ACA market
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain 
@SpeakerRyan 

Tell truth
PARTS of ACA failing bc 
state laws w insurance 
GOP refusal 2pay insurance bill
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain 

@SpeakerRyan lol 3mos 2figure out how 2govern?

THAT'S your excuse?

Leaders respond & solve problems
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @SpeakerRyan 

Why Congress 'exempt' 2 #trumpcare 
Does that mean ya'll stay on ACA?

Pls explain 2Americans
Oops

Pls explain 
Congress AND members' families exempt from #trumpcare
The Dems have been WAITING @LindseyGrahamSC 2improve ACA 
The @gop has made a mess 
no forward thinking just destruction

GOP RIP 2018 2020
you mean the mess you all created -- yes please work together  -- aca created as well by republicans doing nothing then -- fix it now!
I challenge you to start working with @POTUS
Eight years wasn't long enough with you and your con artist to come up with a replacement? Apparently not!!!
Just STOP. Stop the lies, stop the blame, stop the hate. Put the country ahead of your petty resentment of Obama.
You and your GOP good ole boys have been bitching about ObamaCare for years but failed to come up with a replacement.
How could you vote for 23 or 24 million dis-insured Americans.  Really Lindsey, where on Earth do South Carolinians get their morals?
Graham, Republicans had countless years of power to enact their own Healthcare Plan.  Don't give us your BS. That's really unbecoming of u.
you really don't understand how many lives Obamacare saved/insured or how it continues to benefit millions? Honestly??
Specifically how many?
Almost 6.4 million Americans.
You refused to work with them, so I'm not sure why it you would want them to bend your own rules
Since u force the collapse, its your mess, and your election to lose
Good Lord, you can't possibly be serious?
Ryan says he doesn't want to work with Dems.  Gosh, quit blaming them for your failed attempts.
Perhaps you should reach out to the Democrats and do that now! You all need to work together! Stop hating and work to help the country!
I guess the way the GOP helped President Obama?
Shut it traitor
OR do your job in the first place & work to get the quality health care you enjoy to ALL Americans!
BCBS says its cost increase is specifically because of Trump. You will all be reviled by history.
The only thing collapsing is the GOP
Ahhhh, look at you... party over country, bullshit over truth.
Listen to the people they don't want to get rid of Obamacare they want you to fix it what's wrong with you
We will work with the Republicans to the exact fashion that they worked with Obama with the ACA.  AKA: giving you the finger, remember?
"AFTER"?? Why aren't y working w/ Dems NOW to help make ACA better?? Why r u waiting 4 failure instead of looking to IMPROVE? UnAmerican!!!

When 24M ppl lose health insurance, they ALSO lose health CARE because they can't afford it 
Obamacare will only collapse if you and your party allow it.  You can make the necessary changes to help Americans.  Do it! Please!
Do your job. Represent America. Not the con man
That's not a helpful approach. More humility Senator. Remember, you're an officer and a gentleman. This is beneath you.
It is working fine in WA . Conservative solution fix but conserve.
You are the mess
You guys created the mess. @donald trump is incompetent
Tell that to McConnell, who just said that the doesn't want to work w/ Dems b/c we're different.
You mean the mess the GOP created by sabotaging the ACA.
You are a wicked evil fake.
We don't trust you as far as the weakest and smallest among us, can throw you. You've gone from a republican to a corrupt Trumpublican.
When??
You seem a little too jovial about America's healthcare plight.Maybe if you'd worked together in the first place it wouldn't be such a mess!
tell scheming @HouseGOP @housegopto stop sabotaging @HouseDemocrats
CEO of BC/BS stated in an interview the @GOP is purposely sabotaging the #ACA. quit lying to the American public...
Work now with the @TheDemocrats to fix what's wrong with the #ACA or leave it alone. Signed: a frustrated constituent.
horse manure- you had more than 8 years to get some ideas together. now u want to kill little kids,women and old folks. SHAME ON YOU!
After you made sure "ACA" started to crumble - you support taking healthcare away from millions. Maybe YOU should work with dems
Why not work with them BEFORE collapse? I'm disgusted more every day and u were a stand out,but comments like that r a disgrace&show who u r
If you'd fix it before it "collapsed" there wouldn't be a problem, would there?
R created this mess. They refused to help make it work. Only thing left to do is one payer.
Universal healthcare
You don't have to wait for the collapse you are trying to create, you can work with Dems to make better. You have no integrity.
Why don't you work with Democratic Senators NOT to let the ACA collapse? Ya know, do your job of not killing Americans
3 tweets about #aca on this day. Seems someone got their talking points bulletin and is being a good little puppet.
Stop critcizing House GOP members and write a better bill. The Senate GOP needs to stop bitching and do something for a change.
It wouldn't collapse if you and other Republicans would DO YOUR JOB and work with Dems to address the shortcomings of the law.
I'm for that .. Americans should cease tax paying that pay Congessional salaries and healthcare until the entire population gets the same
who voted for this guy?
Lord forbid you'd have done that before pulling the rug out from under people first
have you even asked them!?!?
the #artificialcollapse of #healthcare created by greed and arrogance of #GOP MCconnell state Humana and @SpeakerRyan #thedacare #corrupt
What about Single Payer #medicare4all
Excuse me sir, trading healthcare & pharma stocks while voting on legislation is a clear conflict
Daily Beast: 40 Republicans who voted for AHCA held $23M in shares of health care stock, earned $2M+ off investments
http://thebea.st/2ryxJq7?source=email&via=mobile …
You confuse me Sir. You sometimes sound like a reasonable person and sometimes I want to throw a shoe at you.
My son who has had open heart surgery 4 times is guaranteed insurance for life under ACA, not under AHCA.  You lie. #Trumpcarekills
What a cop out.  What did you do to improve Obama'a ACA during the past 7 years.
You know what's going to collapse Sen Graham, the lying, cheating GOP.  Mist of you are acting like & support DT.
There's treason afoot. Last I checked you're an Officer in the Military! Speak out against treason or be labeled a COWARD!
So disappointed in you, Lindsey. Shame on you.
Oh come on! I start to like you and then you go and say stuff like this. Sabotaging it on every level makes you "complicit" <-@IvankaTrump
Maybe you should stop working to undermine Obamacare setting up failure and leaving millions without coverage.
As southern gentleman, you are being dishonorable and lacking integrity. You know that ACA is being undermined by GOP.
America should stop paying all of you until you learn how to do your job. Of course you still have your bribe money coming in
Tell yourself whatever you need to hear. You guys look -and are- awful leaders.  Disappointed everyday in your failures.
Allowing them in the room might be a nice start, but your colleague @SenateMajLdr seems adamant on record about locking them out
After America collapses, we should challenge Republicans to work with us to fix the mess they created. 
#Trumpocolypse
You will get to take the blame for AHCA and Russiagate. You're all talk no action which makes YOU complicit. It's on YOU.
sad to see you celebrate a situation you are responsible for creating. less grandstanding and more action
Priorities, dude. There's a klan of Russian spies and Nazis in the White House right now. Are you an American, or what? #TheResistance 
If it collapses, it will be entirely Trump/GOP's making. Your health"care" plan is absolutely, universally hated. GOP is a dying party
Great idea working together w Dems! Novel in this era. On the off chance ACA doesn't fail, consider working w Dems anyway. Just a thought...
Repeal don't replace. Let the free market be free.
Republicans should invite democrats to fix what is not working with Obamacare and stop saying "repeal and replace".
Party Country.This statement as always shows the order of import for GOP. #1) ACA,  ppl.Then & only then maybe actually fix it. Maybe?
Hey Graham cracker why don't you volunteer to go on your shitty AHCA to show us how "good" it is
Republicans are forcing the collapse, creating the mess. The american people know this and we will remember.
Little problems w/ that strategy : 1) you are sabotaging 2) voters already say you own it. No incentive to work with Russian spies to boot.
Stop playing the blame game! Constituents are SICK of it. Both parties perpetuate the congressional stalemate. Start working together!
Why wait? Don't be dooshie, take @chuckschumer out for pasta and talk it over now.
It's succeeding in spite of your earlier efforts to block it & now destroy it & throw 23 million under the bus to give rich a big tax cut.
After you #Sabotaged #ObamaCare for Political Gain you will go down with the rest of the #Traitors #YouBrokeItYouOwnItNow
Don't throw the baby out with the bath water! It would be better received if it was new and improved rather than repeal and replace
it is not collapsing, you are sabotaging it. you are taking health care away from over 20 million people and raising rates for millions more
Senator Graham, the 1300 replies to 217 likes ratio on this tweet tells you how easy it was for us all to see your false assumption.
GOP defined obstruction during the @BarackObama administration.  You don't even have a workable replacement.  Spare us the partisan BS.
aren't you working on that now? A select group of alll republicans all men ?
You are an enemy of all true Americans. You will be responsible for the deaths of many.
Hey Lindsey, you have it all wrong, the mess was created by you and your republicant brethren,your complete lack of support created the mess
No the mess you created, it won't fail if you support it.
Ryan, McConnell et all are lying to you. Even big biz says so. There's no #ACA collapse beyond what GOP authorizes.
News:

The CEO of Blue Cross NC tells me flat out that Trump and GOP Congress are why premiums will soar: 

…
Fixed: After we sabotage Obamacare and make it collapse, we should challenge Democrats to bail us out of the mess we created.
Wouldn't it be easier to just fix Obama care?Claims and membership drive premiums, how is "trump" care going to change that?
Have you fallen down and smacked your little head? Trumpet signed EO to block funding for and encourage dismantle ACA. He is cause of "mess"
Yeah. And Americans will have their torches out, demanding Universal Health care funded by taxing the uber wealthy

News:

The CEO of Blue Cross NC tells me flat out that Trump and GOP Congress are why premiums will soar: 

…
Well then Mr Graham why don't you speak a little louder so your cohorts can hear you?
Be a Big Man, Lindsey. Don't sabotage progress, fix the ACA! Does the GOP have Little Man's disease?
We know you are lying, Lindsey.  We know....
Oh please you aren't fooling anyone. You are a poster boy for term limits
The mess YOU and GOP created! You work for party instead of country again and again. #shameless
And once again, you just dashed my hopes for your return to humanity.
"They" meaning Republicans? How ignorant do you think people are, Senator? Or, better question, how gullible?
Seriously?  Surely you're joking? Just when I thought you may actually be human. Your actions are shameful and your comments ridiculous.
You Republicans were challenged to come up with something better than Obamacare, by @BarackObama - but you Republicans FAILED.
You Republicans are creating the mess. You Republicans would not work with Democrats when Obama was in office.
After Repubs collapse Obamacare. They will iinsult Democrats. There I fixed it for you Lindsey
The GOP has sabotaged it from day 1! People now know this so stop the BS! Need to get rid of GOP and provide proper care
How about stripping millions of their health care and transferring savings to the 1% the GOP way? You don't need dems, you have majority.
Please remember that all SC voters can vote in Republican primaries. We're watching how you choose party over country every time, Senator.
160 GOP Amendments. What were you trying to say, Senator?
The @GOP is burying itself.  2018 I lost respect for Graham.
The mess was created by your refusal to protect the American people
Or you could have worked w them in 1st place instead of pledging to stop antthing Obama put forward. @LindseyGrahamSC  is #CorruptGOP
You mean the mess you GOP made by sabotaging the ACA, We see what you're doing! 
Pissant.
Fix it- not replace it, kind sir!
You pretended to have all the answers for 6+ YEARS as you attacked Obama. Now you're all in the spotlight & you're a gigantic failure.
Oh, that's rich, you forked-tongued anti-Christian!
After America collapses, and it's coming, the GOP should reexamine their goddamned priorities.
