We know very well it's a hit job. How could a fired, disgruntled employee's testimony be taken as truth?
Too bad the president does hit jobs on everyone including comey already.  He was fired by a letter from trump security guy geez. A sleaze
WTF is wrong with you? Hit job? You mean like the Benghazi hearings? Ha! Fat chance! #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
LG - I like UR terminology though can't say I like U. How U been liking the   UR  has been tweeting out 2day? Hope Comey nails his hit
You are absolutley compromised at this point ... just. stop. talking.  Your words mean nothing to Patriots ....
Senator Graham. Do you HONESTLY believe that @potus is a good president. I mean common here. You can't back his shenanigans.
***God is more powerful than Comey.
doesn't matter Lindsey, you still won't be PRESIDENT
I thought you sold yourself as an objective investigator into the Russian scandal?! Isn't that what you told the good people of Sth Carolina
Oh please. Just because you're acting dishonorably doesn't mean everyone else is.
Lindsey is becoming quite the complicit stooge, isn't he?
When you give your soul to the devil,you roll over like 
Trumps hair
How many deals with the devil can one party make before it's dragged to hell?
There's a slight delay while devil creates new brimstone pit large enough to accommodate all the #Repugnicans 
#ITMFA #RRR2018 #86GOP2018
Either defend POTUS and call out the Marxists for their manufactred evidence or you become one of them, a real traitor to our country.
??!! And, now you try to falsely frame the testimony of an honorable man as an alleged "hit job"?! Shame on you! Did you eat Puti's upside-
Trump is a "hit job" on Democracy!  Wake up GOP!
I'm disappointed in Sen. Graham's remark. The truth is never a "hit job."
We know it's going to be. He hates the President
 Our President is in trouble cuz of Comey
Graham has changed his tune on Trump quite a bit lately. I wonder why?
Because Russia owns the whole Republican party. Graham even admitted that he had been hacked. Clinton looks like a saint these days !
Obama and Hillary sold 20% of US uranium stock to Russia, and Obama promised to be "more Flexible" with Vlad after reelection.
And....what ? You can Google their tax returns. Not Trump's. This is about the current administration. I know it's hard for you to follow.
You wouldn't understand a return of this complexity if you looked at it for a year.  Returns don't show who you owe $ to, or your investors
Trump won't release his ..so..
What they would show..that he is a bankrupt loser .
U know his personality..he would tweet them if fabulous
OMG, stop, your just embarrassing yourself!
Really? That's ironic when Graham attempts a hit job on Pres. Trump every other day.
He's an establishment rhino.
Once again, @LindseyGrahamSC is trying to head a story off at the pass ("a hit job"). He is COMPLICIT in the #trumprussiacoverup!
Omg... all the crap trump is pulling... and getting away with... and this is your worry??!!!!
Yes! How dare he tell the truth! Grow a pair Lindsey and speak up for God's sake. Quit placating the cheeto,
Thank you for the helpful reminder that you will never seek the truth if it is politically inconvenient for you and your party.
We were wrong to think of Lindsey graham as anything but a partisan hack.
He is GOP none of them care about America all out for their own interests and that is always money while selling religion.
Just think, the same thing they're doing to POTUS can happen to you.
down-cake?!!!!!
U r despicable to place party over country.We won't forget,u know dam* well it's true about Russia.Karma is a woman....
Congress would be complicit in a hit job, then.

Benghazi, anyone?
If you see the truth coming out as a hit job, you are on the wrong side.
Quit defending Trump with no basis. There is as you know top secret information related to Trump.  You continue to distort the truth
Whatever they have on you...resist! We need patriots not partisan pawns.
What an interesting turn of phrase. Hit job. Reminds me of what GOP did to a woman whose character scared the shit out of them so they .....
He has always been about "15 seconds of fame" then back to the swamp
Hey Lindsey, be careful...it's starting to feel like you're part of the WH coverup.  And noticed that you and McCain have kept your distance
@LindseyGrahamSC  Really? Because I'm a little worried that Donald Trump is a hit job on the USA. How about sticking up for us. Grow a pair.
GOP is like an abused wife being held hostage.  They have betrayed each of their values for a "coup" to deliver a theocracy doomed to fail.
Et tu Lindsey?  Marhsall plan, NATO, EU and 200+ years of democracy down the drain for Trump/Bannon who will destroy GOP?  Sad!
Our country is in trouble. DJT is the cause of the trouble. Facts & truth matter and Comey has both of these things in his favor. DJT lies.
"Hit job?" Sounds like a Russian propaganda tactic. Create a perception that Comey is getting even with DJT for firing him. Really lame.
Firing Comey WAS a hit job. So the point is? #COMEY #TrumpRussia
I am lovin' your warming to President Trump. I hope you'll continue to see why we support him. Much appreciated.
Lindsey at risk of being a danger to himself.
"Apparently that Joker in the White House is afraid of me!"
You would think that a weasel like Lindsay would not go down with this madman, must have been in on it all along. Ameririch.
Like his firing?
Graham has become such a disappointment! I used to think he was one of a disappearing breed, a republican with principles. Wrong Again!
How do you decide which side of your mouth to talk from each week? Flip a coin?
Why does a senator not understand that Comey is still bound by law, not to disclose any information that is classified?
Wow... proving yourself again to be a politician vs. the patriot you say you are. What changed for you? #russia has dirt on you too? Sad.
Pathetic, @LindseyGrahamSC
Be afraid! Be very afraid!!
Lindsey Graham is a POS, as is the Washington Examiner
Who has the blackmail material on Lindsay Graham? Too apparent that someone is holding info on him. #Blackmail
Translation: "We're fucked." 

#PartyBeforeCountry
@LindseyGrahamSC  No, no "hit job." It will be something that hasn't been heard in DC in months - the TRUTH. PS, there's a spot on your tie.
Knows full well @realDonaldTrump is subject of investigation. "forcing" Comey's hand to reveal it as part of coordinated plan
@LindseyGrahamSC talks a good game but he is part of the problem. Party over country. Will never trust him fully. Too much bs in his history
Graham, Nunes, McConnell, Ryan etc. need to testify in an open, independent hearing.
@LindseyGrahamSC What happened to someone telling the truth as the important point-disappointing, Lindsey-- TRUTH! Country over party
oh I do hope so - maybe you'll get rid of the orange idiot and put someone in place that will actually preside for the people and not spite
@LindseyGrahamSC Are you worried about him telling the truth?  Is it a "hit job" if it hurts the president b/c of the President's actions?
@LindseyGrahamSC Please start acting like a patriot instead of a partisan politician. The evidence is there and you damn well know it
Start protecting this country
@LindseyGrahamSC why Lindsey are you on defending hideous Trump? Approval ratings 36%.   Does Russia have something on u2?
Scared this name may come up also, these damn thugs
Lindsey Graham is a sack of sh*t
What others call the truth, you call a hit job. Nice.
I hope so
@LindseyGrahamSC nothing you have ever done in uniform or in service to America matters when your actively covering for an attack on her
Hit job !!! LMAO. Like telling the truth? Oh man, you dear sir are delusional
You will revive more respect from all parties politically if you do the right thing.. As of now GOP looks like a sell out.. at any cost.
Do you want the truth to come out or not?
Comey isn't credible anymore, he should have indicted Hillary
If Comey merely giving his side of the same discussions that Trump has had many chances to discuss,then Trump performed a "hit" on Comey 1st
It always comes down to Party over Country!
@LindseyGrahamSC  Lindsey ...you know it's going to be a hit job! But The Trumpster asked for it !
Didn't this President do a hit job on Mr. Comey already?
Comey said no one asked him to stop the investigation so if his story changes, hold him in contempt of Congress then lock him up #doyourjob
Many are thinking that very same thing. A setup. Maybe Highly Sophisticated  Lie Detector ..We must have one by now?
Tool!
I wouldn't worry about TRUMP and focus on the people, laws and TRUTH. Trump opens his mouth and lies fall out. Are in support of this? lies?
His minions eat it up,glad I don't live in his reality
Me 2!
So why not work with Trump to pass HC and tax reform, to show some successes?  Why vote Rep if you can't get anything done?
Could be the absolute truth, too.  You think?
Hmm...a somewhat flawed COMEY - versus a pathologically lying Fake President....I will go with the flawed Comey... HIT's AWAY !!
You worried that Comey will put up evidence that demands impeachment?
Wow! Senator Graham now sounds like a real "Trumper."  I thought you were better than this.
Graham as concerns Comey might not act with integrity??!? Ya think?
OBAMA and others didn't have a problem using EXECUTIVE Privilege...Trump should use it as well even if there is NOTHING to hide!
Should have been a CLOSED hearing so he can't use excuse of "it's Classifed" to not answer questions he doesn't like! MUELLER is a CONFLICT!
I TOTALLY AGREE! I DON'T TRUST a word that comes out of Comeys mouth! WHEN did he write this so-called memo, after his FIRING?
So the people that risk their lives and do it for the protection of all Americans have the GOP THAT TALKS THEM UP AND NOW TEARS THEM DOWN?
For the politics... sad times for you guys
Some people would call that telling the truth.  If Mulvaney limits what Comey can say in public, how is that Comeys fault.
Hope both sides do more than attack/defend Trump. Here are real issues in #TrumpRussia story.  http://trib.al/vA8eGIW 
Yea well it's his weak GOP THAT HAS PLACATED THE DEMS and allowed this charade to go on!  It's total bs.
Speaking of impotent, imagine having control of the Exec, House, and Senate and STILL not be able to pass any legislation? Whiskey dick!
Russian bots apparently don't protect Graham. Now we see what Americans really feel.
Omg, now you're protecting Trump!!! Flip flop flip flop. We see you, Lindsey. VOTE HIM OUT 2020!!!
@realDonaldTrump Why are you scared of the truth?
So now you support the #buffoon just another @GOP flunkie #TrumpRussia #PutinsBitch #impeachTrumpNow Before he #decimates US any further!
You have absolutely no credibility anymore
LIER, TRICKSTER, Comey sought council from Mueller <MENTOR/PROTEGE DUO>! RESULT: COMEY salivating-EVEN GRAHAM SENCES FIX! 
Country before party @LindseyGrahamSC - History has its eyes on you.
If Ur parents had any decency, they would be so ashamed of u,
scummy @LindseyGrahamSC ur UnAmerican crap-trying to cover for demonic Trump
I'm worried that Senator Graham may order a hit job on the truth, as he continues to put #PartyOverCountry.

DIVIDED STATES OF AMERICA

You can be White, rich & be dumb!
It doesn't really matter. You've the color for the…
So you believe Trumps version?  Really?
Let him hit us with a drive-by truth telling.
TRAITORS:

@POTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenatorTimScott @SenateGOP @SenThomTillis @GOP @SenLarryTaylor @LindseyGrahamSC @steveknight25 @stevescalise
TRAITORS:

@POTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenatorTimScott @SenateGOP @SenThomTillis @GOP @SenLarryTaylor @LindseyGrahamSC @steveknight25 @stevescalise

@potus works for Russia so @GCHQ isn't going to tell blabber mouth Trump sensitive info. @EmmanuelMacron @RepAdamSchiff @tedlieu 
You might want to worry more about 45's Twit jobs. Oh, and Glass Covfefes. Which Russian Spies have you been talking to? @4HollyF
Coward
Let's give Comey a polygraph.
@MeTyWil Proven lier, self-aggrandizing, Comey, once again-can't wait to perform in the ALCHEMY OF THE SPOTLIGHT!
Let me see, a life long public servant testifying about a life long sleazeball and you're worried about the sleazeball. Wow, just wow
Bless yer little pea pickin' heart senator. Precious little snowflakes cannot take the summer heat.
You've gone to the dark side, Lindsey; will have to vote for your opponent next time--even if it has died!
Getting nervous, Lindsey? Tick-tock
LOL, no joke. Look at the laws he said Hillary broke and yet did not prosecute. Unconstitutionally, Comey made up new laws. Lindsey a joke 2
@LindseyGrahamSC What pills are you taking?! Comey made mistakes but his reputation proceeds him! Thankfully, he values truth more than you!
Lindsey Graham grow some balls by now. They should've dropped decades ago.
He's a screwed up little guy. He defends Trump but wants to give the impression he's not defending Trump. What a fucked up way to live.
"Hit job?"I'm from Mafia country. My Dad always said, "Don't play with those people and they'll never even know you exist." Same goes here.
Comey will testify honestly. If @LindseyGrahamSC mistakes that as a "hit job," it's due to the guilty conscience of Republicans.
U can't make up your mind about our Mad Hatter President! U have a well deserved reputation as a wishy washy wimp!
R u a coward or a hero?
Trump "hits" himself! How much worse could it be?Quit carrying his water
I hope it IS the hit job!
Thank you for supporting our President, Lindsey.
Are you insane? WTF happened to your guts?
Comey's hit job will not resolve anything. Just another way to keep the hoax, the FABRICATED scandal in the news.
Well now...thought for short time he could be a true patriot and leader...but after dinner with Trump it was immediately clear..GOP hack
If you're worried, we're doing something right!
Yes,WILL b hit job.That's why Comey'll testify ONLY IN PUBLIC;wants  "headlines".Why didn't he report alleged "obstruction" when it happened
GOP. Ritter heed-Newsweek reports approval ratings plunging:
Michigan 37%
Pennsylvania 37%
N. Carolina 41%
Florida 41%
Texas 42%
Good
COMEY HAS MORE INTEGRITY THEN ANYONE IN THE REP PARTY. WE WILL BELIEVE COMEY MORE THEN ANYONE OF YOU... YOU ALL NEED TO REMEMBER YOUR OATH.
Gee do you think?
@LindseyGrahamSC to defend himself. If Trump did nothing wrong, why so worried????
@LindseyGrahamSC  about it even threatening Comey w the possibility of tapes. Going on TV interview about it. Comey has a right
@LindseyGrahamSC  Trump has brought this all upon himself. Asking others to find reasons to fire Director Comey, His tweeting
You did not have a problem when Trump did a hit job on Comey calling him a showboat and nut job.  The GOP continues to show cowardice.
This IS happening, Senator Graham. Stop defending treason, please. America is going 2 need at least two major parties when this is over
Pretty clear that it's a hit job! When will @LindseyGrahamSC demand a special counsel with all the illegal spying going on?
Sad that you choose Party over country.  republicans are a disgrace to this nation and have let down the common man.  Shame on you Mr graham
Until Clinton, and all involved, crimes are dealt with, anything else means nothing.  Freedom through Vigilance.
The truth is gonna hurt real bad.
WTF is wrong with you? Are you angling for an appointment or something? What sort of evidence of obstruction efforts do you not understand?
And, just to be clear: How exactly do you walk upright without a backbone? #TheDisappearanceOfLindseyGraham
And how to you function without a digestive system? #Gutless
Another GOP sellout. Lost all respect for you. The only hitjob is the treasonous Russian people in our WH. Stand up to it. Its our democracy
How about Comey et all just tell the truth? That's not a hit job, @LindseyGrahamSC. That's democracy and justice.
Good Old Spineless Lindsey! Party over country everyday!!!! History is being written. We'll make sure to spell your name right.
This is your president he has made the US a joke #notmypresident #putinspuppet #GOP=Trumppuppets
Only we aren't laughing.
The truth will come out!
What happened to standing up to this President? What is there to fear from a life long Republican known for truthfulness?

#ParisAgreement, a historic treaty signed by 194 & ratified by 147 counties, cannot be renegotiated based on the request of a single Party. https://twitter.com/UNFCCC/status/870383539082153985 …
Kinda like the "hit job" DJT did on Comey? That hit job? #countryoverparty
It will be if they let him make it one, but he's already made enough public statements they can hang him.
May be worried he is caught trying to take down Trump himself by taking with Russia.  Lindsey needs to retire.
How can it be a "hit job" @LindseyGrahamSC if he does the right thing - #TRUTH - powerful word is it not?
What a load of crap. You know Trump & Co are dirty. As your constituent, I am disgusted. Hubby has been lifelong R but not after this bs.
All this commotion about corruption gives Miss Lindsey the vapors.
Is there something to "hit". I think so.
You are such a snake in the grass. You act like you want to get to the bottom of things, but only on YOUR terms. Protecting a Gangster dude
We sure hope it's a hit job. Let the dominoes fall.
Why would Graham care? He must know Trump is going to end badly even if Comey doesn't testify. Why ride the Titanic all to the bottom?
I worry greatly that U.S. senator Lindsey Graham is involved in SECRET SOCIETIES against our President----NAMELY BILDERBERG
I'm sure it is. If he lies he can be charged. Oh wait he has already lied and nothing has happened
My gosh Senator Graham, what about the hit job Trump did to Comey?
IT WILL BE COMEY SELF DESTRUCTING
How about stop lying so that more twisted lies arent required? So when loyal American citizens tell the truth, liars dont feel persecuted.
For once he's right!
That's the LAST thing you should be worried about, ma'am. What you should've said is, the truth is what we want to hear.
Yeah, because Comey was so pro Democrat during the election. What utter BS. ..maybe he'll just tell truth about Trump being Nixon Jr.
At what point will the truth be too uncomfortable for @LindseyGrahamSC ?
Of course, it's A-OK for YOUR president to defame & conduct a witch-hunt on Comey & everyone involved investigating his treason & corruption
