Your liberal ideas gave Obama the strength to sign this illegal order. It violated my rights and every American in this country. 
We are done! Americans have been abused enough in our own country! Enough already End DACA and move on to Hurricane IRMA and Harvey!
AMERICANS NEED THESE 800,000 JOBS LINDSEY.TELL THEM WE CANT AFFORD THEM AND BE PSST AT THEIR PARENTS FOR BRINGG THM HEREGO MAKE MEXICO GREAT
AMEN! I second that notion!
@SenatorCarper  @ChrisCoons  @LindseyGrahamSC  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorDurbin  please include ageing out  legal children #dreamact2017
@SenatorCarper  @ChrisCoons  @LindseyGrahamSC  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorDurbin  please include ageing out  legal children #dreamact2017
"Freedom is the right to choose: the right to create for oneself the alternatives of choice." T.Jefferson.Congress MUST grant Freedom 4 DACA
You are part of the swamp now Lindsey
#VoteThemOut
Stop making millionares in Congress.
Cut lobbyist bribing/spending.
Set term limits.
In the words of Elvis: Don't be cruel!
You represent my state and I am in favor of allowing these children to stay in the U.S.
WE DONT WANT DREAMERS!!!AMERICA FIRST! Support @realDonaldTrump
Get it done Senator
Obama did Congresses job that THEY REFUSED to do!!
Obama should be arrested to TREASON !!!!!!
These are your followers - you must be so proud 
No amnesty- now or ever. We still remember how we were betrayed in 1986 during the last amnesty. Never again!
American's are taking back America
Do your job..get off your can and earn your money 
I'm surprised ur lips arent stained orange from kissing Trump's a** 

"The president is right...", "I agree w/ the president" Gross. #resist
I think you just gave us what we need to get you out of office! You don't listen to SC
You must really hate Americans! Wow! Why don't you go live in another country if you are not for American children and homeless Vets! #Shame
no sir, its not difficult. 1 bill: dreamers registered as of X are granted permanent legal status. Vote! Done! @ananavarro
Get off TV AND GET TO WORK!!  Worry about YOUR job, not what Trump is doing.  Repeal Obamacare!!
Wake up, go outside and talk to real AMERICANS, but you won't cause they make you feel dirty. Everyone knows you're gay.
I hope you stand up for the people of this nation we are one nation under God not one nation divided by race or ethnicity
Man, you really never miss a chance to get on camera. Especially when you can disagree with a conservative.
Hope the voters in SC remove you from office. Illegal is illegal.
Get ready buddy
Why didn't you pass this before?  Why don't you hold Jeff Sessions accountable for spewing nativist lies?
Before Trump, the @GOP was unofficially the party of white supremacy, hate, greed and corruption. Now it's OFFICIAL. #corrupt  #GOP
Thank you for sharing this video.  It was very informative and helped to explain the issue. Good luck to you.
Lindsey, don't let our country loose some of the brightest and best young adults bc of Trump's Bigotry and NAZI idealology.
You're garbage. Switch parties already RINO!

@realDonaldTrump What happened to REPEAL OBAMACARE it too is UNCONSTITUTIONAL making citizens pay uninsured penalties to the IRS
You and your party are the worst human beings...
Americans First
Make sure to include honesty, not more lies, about American taxpayer cost.
#DACA 
Don't let the libs lie about the cost of deportation!
https://www.google.com/amp/www.breitbart.com/texas/2017/08/03/amnesty-six-times-expensive-deportation-per-noncitizen-report-claims/amp/ …
South Carolina please vote this man out of office.
Everything you say is a lie and you will 100% move forward with whatever Trump wants you to do
Why didn't you pass a daca bill when Obama was President?
91% of Dreamers are employed.

US would lose over $400 billion in GDP if they're deported

They have spotless records.

This is just racism.
WE/YOU DO NOT NEED TRUMP TO MAKE THIS HAPPEN. If it weren't absolutely clear already it certainly became clear at 11am today
So you don't Gove a crap about great American kids.
You think that is more important than the healthcare in the flood victims?we will remember that to vote you out
People at Press conference is about the size of any rally you could have. You have never helped American kids but worry about illegal adults
Well said.
Your words don't mean shit if you don't DO something.
You and Durban. Both worthless. Durbins state bankrupt and sanctuary state. What are accomplishments for Americans that you have done? None.
Why do you vote with Trump 99% of the time if you said this a while back? #PartyOverCountry #Fascism
Anyone voting for DACA continuing will be voted out of office in their next election. These are not "kids". Most in their 30s. You are fool.
Yes, of course, hurry up for illegal aliens, but don't pass REPEAL & REPLACE Ocare which hurts ALL AMERICAN Citizens! That's our Congress!
Graham talks about DACA like if they're still kids."they don't no where to go"
DACAmember average is 26 years old
Do you not think that we have smart children in America that could have those jobs American children come first
Why do you defend his words and actions?
Be careful that you don't confirm the idea that you care more about illegals than you do citizens. There are issues we want resolved first.
Sen Graham... is not republican.
Republicans try hard to enforce the law.
I don't recognize this man no more.
We deplorable R sick of U! Please just move over 2 Democratic side! U do more damage 4 Republicans than good!
Maybe we need to get rid of all immigrants and MAIL ORDRE BRIDES who are not born here ..esp. First Lady
WHY must u all always blame #obama? He only singed #DACA bc members of UR party stonewalled him at EVERY TURN. I Want to see ur excuse now!
Americans..remember what Sen Graham just did today!!!
He protects DACA over the American law.
Why would I want to watch this TRAIN WRECK ON HUMANITY! Y'all may get OFF on cruelty, I DON'T! U HERETIC!
SENATOR GRAHAM America is a land of law. Never go backwards. You're stabbing back Americans that believed in you.
It is NOT defining moment 4 Repubs. A defining moment for disgusting RINO'S. STOP attacking PRESIDENT. Congress  filled w/ lazy money PIGS!
#BuildtheWall #RealAmericanChildrenNeedJobs
Oh wait... what's this?
What's this traitors @SenJohnMcCain @SpeakerRyan https://twitter.com/DewsNewz/status/904919463681720320 …
As you said, the Congress has to up it's game, be willing to come to an agreement by the end of the month.
YOU BETRAY US AND PROTECT DREAMERS WE WILL VOTE YOU OUT TRAITOR WE HAVE HAD ENOUGH OF BETRAYAL AND SIDING WITH DEMS.#VOTEOUTLINDSYGRAHAM
Mud, just sit down.
Repeal Obamacare is a need You should have the same healthcare the citizens and veterans have Another illegal action by BO BTW #BuildTheWall
Doesn't the GOP want to have any positive legacy? #DACA #racism #nohealthcare #war  GOP = party of hate
Obama overreaching?If congress & those who we voted in office would stop bickering cuz party lines & do their job.Obama wouldn't had to.
You are full of Congress can't find its ass with both its hands. No way they pass any laws on this #ThosePoorKids #Heartless #DACA
No More childhood arrivals! No More future DACA. Take care of ones who were in already, come up W a Plan 4them not parents! #EnforceOurLaws!
We need to work with Mexico so they can take back there now educated citizens so they can aide in building and boosting there country.
Trump admin offers nothing positive. Everything is undoing "good" & mentally abusing people w anxiety #DACA #Healthcare
Millions negatively affected by Obamacare... ahhhh who cares,  but 790k illegals, better act now! Tie dream act to wall and ocare repeal
People..write down the name of this 18 politicians on the next elections 2018 VOTE THEM OUT.Graham is one of them
Thank you for your words of support for DACA and DREAM. 
Lindsey Graham what should bring us together is fixing Obama Care and fixing taxes not DACA.
Please help the Dreamers!
watched, you are on target.
No #DACA No #dreamact No #amnesty
Trump is a good man ? Are you f....l kidding me ?
We want real American children to have a job, education, & claims to government entitlements not people who were smuggled into our country.
It's amazing how much you hated the black president that you punished Americans. Hate can destroy a nation, Trumps hate is real and scary
What about Americans? ACA, Tax Reform, Debt Ceiling or Harvey relief. DACA needs to go to the end of the line. Where's our repeal & replace?
You're no hero. #heartless
DACA. THIS is a "real issue the congress should get together for real life people"? What about health care? R those not REAL LIFE people?...
Y does it seem YOU & ur sell outs care more about NON US citizens vs ACTUAL US Citizens?? Any chance you can get BOTH done? Do ur damn job!
Sorry Lindsey ole boy but your days in the Senate are numbered. You'll be voted OUT in 2018. We've had ENOUGH of your pandering 2 illegals.
Thank you for supporting our @POTUS
McCain your buddy had no problem being the senator who left millions of Americans screwed by Obamacare but you don't want to hurt illegals
Democrat in Republican's clothing. Build the wall you refuse to discuss or we'll face these same challenges in another five years.
LINDSEY GRAHAM Take care of American people first than DACA.Too much hypocrisy from ur side and 17 + republicans!
They will Get their free education and continue to take Jobs from the American people
I don't care if there's a "lot of Appetite" for the Wall or NOT. The President's supporters demand that we BUILD THE WALL, . . . period.
THIS GUY IS SO USELESS AND CROOKED HE CARES NOTHING ABOUT THE PEOPLE ONLY THE ILLEGALS. HE IS WHAT IS WRONG WITH OUR GOVERNMENT. STEP DOWN.
Most are not "kids"..... grown ups... quit trying to draw sympathy for these folks!
THEY were ILLEGAL FROM THE BEGINNING. DACA is not lawful nor constitutional. #BuildThatWall
Once again, talking out of both sides of your mouth, but mostly your liberal side. Please retire.
You are not my Senator! You have only your self interest in mind!
You could have equivalent more but not sure how. @SenatorDurbin really showed u up. @realDonaldTrump is no one to look up 2. You need help!
If DACA was "an unconstitutional overreach," where was your party's bill? And where is your lawsuit? Prob not unconstitutional then huh?
And what exactly is "the problem" these people are causing? Where's your cost analysis of the economic contributions they make? Taxes paid?
No, Senator. @realdonaldtrump is not a 'good man' as you just said. @potus is a liar, a cheat, a racist, and a coward. #StopTrumpNow
Thank you for working with @SenatorDurbin to find a solution - this is what our country needs more of - compromise and negotiation.
SENATOR GRAHAM You are breaking the immigration law.
DACA is unconstitutional program.
People..don't vote 4 him!!
Saw you live. I 100% agree with u. It goes beyond 800K ppl. Pass S.744.We need comprehenaive immigration reform. Taxpaying citizens need it!
You Senator speak from both sides of your mouth #DACA is wrong for #America and #Americans who have their social security taken away.
Are you daft? Immigrants aren't stealing your social security. Layoff the kook-aid bud.
You're full of it & you lied. Obama asked congress & gave you an opp to pass the Dream Act & Immigration reform, but @GOP obstruct.
Millions of American kids out of work and in great debt, are you helping them? No got to help criminals, they need to pay back all my taxes
Graham misinformed or 1/2 truths. 11 million Illegals a gross under statement: 600k in Houston alone. One million have drivers license in CA
For Graham to say "Dreamers" have NO CONNECTION to home country is nonsense. To say all Dreamers are an asset to USA is nonsense. Come to CA
Lindsey your a sell out!!!
Thank you for speaking out for the dreamers! We need more people like you.
No!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you for being logical and reasonable
"Comprehensive" amnesty, here we come. 
Take care of the border......Build The Wall!!!
Something Congress already approved.
You're saying how great these kids are.  Go to the schools and see how bad these kids are.  They're in gangs, they beat up teachers.  More.
Don't award the parents of this DACA= 26 YEARS OLD ILEGAL PEOPLE.
I wouldn't vote for you anymore.
No this isn't a defining moment for the gop! It's may be for a do nothing congress ! We don't define ourselves by illegals
#DoYourJob

Plus the Orange One will now be able to take credit with a huge flourish and photo op. He is such an ass.
Dream act is a piece of dirt, made to walk all over the citizens of the country.  Like they say Dad & Mom rob a bank kids keep the money??
You slim ball are you heteral....you know...or is that lisp from Bill Clinton
Ignorant-Repeal DACA claiming it is unconstitutional (It's not)-Then claim to implement DACA by another name.  Just to strip Obama's legacy
My kids are at a disadvantage thanks to daca kids ! Do America a favor and step down !
Your kids need parents who will do anything for them, like the Daca kids had.
UP TO YOU TWO....GET HER DONE
Obama had to do EO because GOP Congress REFUSED/Obstructed him for his entire 8 years. We all heard the McConnell tape Senator 
Wise words today Senator! Thank You for Leadership!
Glad you support the dream act. but tRUMP is not a "good man" he's a "Con man" coward, Russia colluder. #ImpeachTrump #DACA
Well he could have sent them back to MX today...That shows he cares. he gave congress 6 months to make them legal to be here..Obama screwed
I can't wait for you all to be replaced. You are not for the American people!! Shame on you!!
The ones old enough should apply for citizenship.
Do not hold the #DACA hostage for a wall that is not the American I love
Why should the President help you with this piece of crap?? You have not done anything for him or the American people. (real citizen)
Americans are without insurance, and none of you come together for tax reform or anything else but help the dreamers!!
You & every other politician let this happen. Don't blame it on Trump. Put your big boy pants on & figure it out. Blame game
Please don't stand there and say DACA was an overreach & unconstitutional by Obama when you stand by and watch Trump dismantle our country.
It was unconstitutional and Obama did it and he knew it was he gave you a quick fix that wouldn't last wake up it's Obama's fault
He is NOT a good man
GO DREAMERS AND MMGA..MAKE MEXICO GREAT AGAIN..THEY ARE MANY..THEY CAN DO IT..THEY CAN DO IT TOGETHER..BE BRAVE GO MAKE MEXICO GREAT..GO NOW
Lindsey Graham has supported Trump at every turn. He votes party over country every time. His presence here regarding DACA is nauseating. 
I started to think you were a good man guess I was wrong
All he cares about is Grahamnesty.
All dreamers should move to South Carolina. #DACA
Shame on all of you Senators! You want to come together and help the dreamers but you continue to screw Americans on everything!
At last someone with some common sense. Thank you for your message on putting Americans First!
We need hurricane relief passed before Irma gets here! This is urgent!
THANK YOU! Work on this , get it done
This RINO won't miss an opportunity to suck that media D--K every chance he gets! #DrainTheSwamp
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Thank you!!!
DACA should never been allowed. They can apply for citizenship as others do that come to our country.
You blew it supporting @realDonaldTrump as @POTUS good luck with the rest of what's left of your career.
Pass DACA and start impeachment proceedings. PLEASE!!!!!
Hope u hv something constructive to say
Congress has to do something, please impeach Trump!!!
Quit riding the fence sometimes you like Trump then other times you do what's right & stand up against him!Be a person not a REP.!!!!
you are absolutely right Laura he's a big flip-flopper one minute you think he's a decent person and then he turns out not to be
LIAR.  Graham always says blah, blah, blah against Trump but then goes out and VOTES his way.

You're a bunch of KKK lovers and Own It.
'holy hell to pay' if Trump fired Sessions that's what you said.  You were wrong Senator, it's America that's paying for him not being fired
RINO
Who wants to watch some hypocrites talk bs?
Watching @SeatorDurbin of ILLINOIS,  and Sen. Lindsey GRAHAM of South Carolina,  on #DACA  @CSPAN ch.

I watch  @SenatorDurbin not you
Lindsey It would be just amazing if ANY of you GOP's could actually find your spines.
oh, and please, can we do anything to stop our President from turning America into his cruel reality TV drama?
I have to run out,  Can you post bullet points afterward?
R's pissed away our tax $ for 7yrs "to find a legislative solution" to Obamacare. @LindseyGrahamSC u are losing support of independents...
Hebrews 2:17
Therefore, in all #things He had to be made like His #brethren, that He might be a merciful and [1/2]
#faithful #HighPriest in #things pertaining to #God, to make #propitiation for the #sins of the #people. [2/2]
Philippians 2:6-8
who, being in the #form of #God, did not consider it #robbery to be equal with #God, but made Himself of no [1/3]
#reputation, taking the #form of a #bondservant, and coming in the #likeness of #men. And being found in #appearance as a [2/3]
#man, He humbled Himself and became #obedient to the #point of #death, even the #death of the #cross. [3/3]
