Stop murdering our troops!  #SyriaHoax
Just come out of the closet already. We all know and no one cares. You won't have to pretend to be tough anymore to over compensate.
Lindsay, you might not believe this, but many people outside of your Fox News world actually like you. Change your audience
Not anymore
You are right. Praising Trump, comparing him to Reagan!!!  Disappointed in Lindsey. DT is no Reagan.
I'm horrified!
What are you doing on his show????? I used to have respect for you
What the Hell did you just say on @TuckerCarlson Show?
I didn't get it...!
BREAKING NEWS TRUMP 4/8/17: @SeanHANNITY - AMERICA IS BACK
Does anyone UNDERSTAND @LindseyGrahamSC ? I sure didn't
https://youtu.be/FR7ef58PPoc 
How was it being interviewed by a sexual predator?
He did that before appointed @POTUS along w/his Immoral Degenerate Sex Offender Lying Fraudulent Bigot he truly IS, True isn't it! ur SAD
The world already knows Trump is no President Obama. He's no President at all, he's the end product of republican zero sum politics.
Please stay off of this predator's show.
Why are you on Fox News?  People like you - even speaking to Bill O'Reilly is reprehensible
Reset the middle east? this guy is a joke. How about we change the direction of our country. neocons smh
I love the caption...Trump can show everyone he is not Obama. That has already been established! Trump is an international embarrassment!
Try speaking somewhere off of Fox News and maybe more people would listen.
He's a liar American here whose parents are from Syria Assad protects Christians like myself and is a great leader his mistake is saying no
Grateful he protects #Christians. He gassed his own people. We must respond. Who cares if he protects Christians? He us guilty of #warcrimes
That's there problem. Not ours.
You are teaming up with a man who commits serial sexual assaults?  I don't recognize the new Senator Graham.  Old one had principles
You should not be on O'Reilly BAD FORM.
Did you address the sexual assault by OReilly and Trump? That has shown us he's not Obama already.
Trump is no Reagan !  You've been Trumped !
1. A TOKEN GESTURE  
2. NO DAMAGE TO ASSAD'S KILLING MACHINE
3. ACTED LIKE IT WAS A BIG DEAL. 
4. YOU/HE SPIT ON THE BODIES OF THE VICTIMS
GO FOR IT LINDSEY!!
Shame on you for supporting this creep's show. But then again, you like men who assault women. Hope you lose your seat.
@POTUS seems lower creation is now on you.
On Fox, no doubt.  Can't you get a gig on a more reputable news outlet?
@SenateRPC You are on your way out...the People don't like you as you don't support our U.S.!!!
You are one of few republicans I follow. Will have to reconsider-how could you appear on that show?!
For Shame
He will never be President Obama, he doesn't have the brains, the decorum or the patriotism to run this country.
Nobody hears you! Can't get over the fact your being interviewed by Merv the Perv!
Good thing you're a guy or ole Bill might've made a pass atcha
please don't support O'reilly. I thought you were better than that.
Not getting Congressional support for invasion, POTUS44 *tried* to do something. Don't tempt Trump. He needs to take time, consider options
if you want to start a war for jihadis, then go to syria and fight it yourself.
#Graham2024
Stay away from O'Reilly
Thought U were a kinda decent & ur on TV w a sex predator criminalizing Rice. Cant wait til she testifies-she'll blow #TrumpRussia wide open
We absolutely know @POTUS is no @POTUS44 ! Corruption, #Russiagate, misogyny, pathological liar versus intelligence and class of Obama.
And again you're shooting for the bottom of the barrel #noclass #ihopeyourevotedout #corruptiontothecore
By going on O'Reilly show, u align yourself with O'Reilly's sexist values!
And where was congress when Obama asked about going into Syria!!!
What about allowing innocent refugees into our country so they can live safely?
Funny 
So, what's the plan?
#NoWar it is not our job to remove rulers from their countries
Disappointed you went on O'Reilly's show. I would love to see you on other news channels as I dont watch Fox. I respect you&wish to continue
But you did it with @oreillyfactor a known preditor. Why would you lower ur standards for air time. I'm so disappointed in you Senator. 
why do you talk to sexual harassers?
NO WAR in Syria for Israel/Oil/Gas! NEOCONS did this! False Flag! 7 countries in 5 years! Only it's taking longer!
I will now have to vote against you - so tone deaf to go on O'Reillys show
You want us to go to war with Russia? That is fine, but only people over the age of 50 go.  Bush killed off too many of our youth.
@oreillyfactor @funder @CNN @MSNBC when the American secy of state says USA has no issue with Assad staying,did that give him ok to gas kids
NO to Syria Intervention!
Disappointed in you. I have expected better of you.
You really shouldn't be supporting a network that endorses sexual harassment and a @POTUS that does the same.
your appeared on Bill O'Reilly's show leads me to believe that, like Trump, you think it's ok to sexually assault women.
Trump has #hardchoices. We must #prayforhim. #prayforSyria
Good that you decided to spend some time with a predator
The only good thing I can think of you to say is 'I'm coming out of the closet'. Ur words mean nothing to me and tens of millions of others
O'Reilly interview. Nice one. Add fuel to that fire. Plan an early retirement. We're coming for that seat.
So disappointed that you would talk with O'Reilly. He needs to be let go from Fox.  He is a serial woman harasser!
Great interview.
#sissyboy you are such a lame! You lose your #membership!! Stay out of #sanfrancisco or you get #Tomatoes
Get off the crack pipe. Obama wanted to strike them Congress said no. Stop it now! U r making room for Trump 2 boost his ratings like GWB.
Don't besmirch yourself by going on his show.
You should be ashamed to even appear on that man's show. You're normalizing and condoning his behavior
Except Trump will need to get permission from his daddy, Putin. U have no biz talking foreign policy until u eject Russia from the WH.
Buddying up with a sexual predator does not look good on you! #NationalSexualAssaultAwarenessMonth
#trump certainly #drewthatredline  blue line, green purple and pussy coloured. A #bagofhotfoulair #russianhack #russianpresident Hack
You gave credibility to a sexual predator. Your ilk stands together. Shame on u. Though a denocrat i always respected u. Not any more
You should be ashamed of yourself for being on this mans show. Stand up for women

satanic cult. Only the children of God speak peace
Boycott foxnews !!!
Do not support this creep's show. You're better than that.
Maybe he and @oreillyfactor can grab them by the pussies? Just don't get is into a shooting war, with nukes, just to show up Obama. Mmmkay?
Why would you talk to Bill O'Rielly when he is such a disgusting example of hypocrisy? Lowers your credibility
Hopelessly backward Graham is bringing it isn't he? Faithful OLD white man.
Lol stop lying to the American people syria needs Assad just because he is not a puppet and said no to the west doesn't mean kill him
No, using Sarin on his people does tho.
Good one your sheep you just follow lies!! Syrian American parents born in Syriatelling u Assad is a great dude stop listening media
The regime used Sarin. Plain and simple. Kids died. If that's something you can stomach, that's between you and yours.
Trust me - with every issue, the world already knows he's no Obama. And thank u for showing ur support for sexual predators. Trump,O'Reilly
we have bigger problems than Syria, our debt is putting America at the mercy of China, Saudi Arabia, Qatar
- no fly - hit runways !
Stop going on Bill O'Reilly! Advertisers look better than you right now!
"Talk alone won't do it." Liked your answer when asked about doing airstrikes if Russian planes were there. "They should move them."
Trust me, everyone knows trump is no Obama. Not even in the same class. Still has a no win choice to make.
Much easier to second guess and blame than lead. I see them doing nothing as opposed to even decisively making a poor decision.
They talk a good game,but don't have the ability to get into details and risk reward assessment to even build a consensus in their own party
Scary times in the world. All will need guidance.
Fully agree with you Lindsey!
Let's hope Trump turns out better than we thought .
Again anyone  will be better than passive Obama
You BET  he's not Obama. Not even close, nor are you.
it's morally wrong to intervene just to prove Trump is not Obama, And Trump is the president he has absolutely nothing to Prove.
Graham, by going on this program, you are supporting sexual assault. Your spine is so weak.
So you spoke with the alleged sexual pervert,but you pointing fingers at Susan Rice  for doing her job? Hypocritical and disgraceful
Supporting a abuser makes you an ENABLER
Assad is loved by the Syrian people
So...you condone sexual assault?
Lindsey, stay away from O'Reilly, he's Toxic.  Stay on this Russian thing and bust it wide open.  It just will get you into the White House!
Lindsey you've shown some moments of doing the right thing with this President. It also applies to cretins like this
TRAITOR
Whatever. It. Takes. 

#confirmgorsuch

…
But you didn't ask him about being a serial rapist? Stay classy.
Shame on you for supporting a dangerous liar. History will not be kind to you and the Republican Party Graham.
Please stop debasing yourself.  You had opportunity to be a leader among sheep. you've shown some deep character flaws the last few months
The context and the complexity of the situation and the consequences can not be based on proving who is reckless Obama or Trump.
The majority of Americans know 45 is definitely NOT President Obama. 45 is an incompetent, dangerous liar. History will not be kind to you.
Actually spoke with a serial abuser of women
Bill Clinton was there?
Not a good look.
Iraq and Afghanistan are a disaster and now they want to add Syria? Implement an end game to that hell on earth called the Middle East first
Mailing a (Armed Forces) Donation, Sen.Lindsey GRAHAM ; DAV, Cincinnati,OH  $7, correcting myself
45 will not do anything to cross PUTIN! U know it! Please be a Patriot with @SenJohnMcCain
Stop it with all your comments about POTUS! Show some respect or don't comment at all!
@LindseyGrahamSC Also, won't watch the clip from that disgusting man.  So no idea what you said here.
#FakeNews for the sake of more regime change. Fox plays right along.
Side by side w/ a guy who has to pay women for harrassing them. As a bonus you did the bidding of the WH by spreading unsubstantiated claims
Have you no honor?
@LindseyGrahamSC This is disgusting.  Have you no respect for women?  Get off of that show.
I like your commentary, but Bill O'Reilly is a pervert and I'm sorry you supported his show with your appearance.
Why are you appearing on that man's show? Why?
