No. This is a choice between decency and corporate greed. So, so ashamed of your leadership. #DumpTrumpCare
That was the narrative invented by Fox. Graham  is not even pretending this is not about re-election campaign money from the Kochs.
And those with preexisting conditions who will lose coverage? Those on Medicare and no access to health care? 
This is politics over lives.
It can indeed cover preexisting conditions. Just as single payer can work here as it does in most of the rest of the world.
The desire to deny other Americans access to afforadable health care is part of some kind of sadistic, Ayn Rand-ian style of Libertarianism.
Maybe he could hold a press conference and explain the finer details of this healthcare bill? He can't do it, can he?
Are u crazy? I think we know enough about it already make a judgement. You can't take 80 billion out of it to cut taxes on the rich.
It's welfare now? Good lord, I hope you a bot because you are not human.
You don't understand. I've been on it twice after lay-off. I could not afford the 1400mn w/o it. At tax time the subsitiary gets paid back.
This is a choice between human decency & sitting together to try and fix the issues-bring this to light & allow real debate
What's the rush? Where is the Fire? Why not give it time for the CBO to review? Why not let the people in on it? Why all the secrecy?
There was a process and the GOP offered many amendments that were discussed.  I watched it happen on cspan.
It's all for the Republicans that HAD a better plan. Git er dun, the President got you this far, now do something right for the People
Is Medicare "socialism"?  dangerous BS.  Look how many will die with no healthcare with is bill!  Graham will be remembered as grim reaper
Socialism or Fascism? Socialism every time. Do you like roads, military, sewers, disaster relief? Then you like socialism.
Socialism IS FASCISM !   The official name of the Nazi Party (NSDAP) is translated as National SOCIALIST German Workers Party.
Wrong!
But the people's voices are not being heard.  People want Congress to keep the ACA and work on it. Only 12% want it gone.  Listen up!
It cant be fixed. Obozo made it so that it would have to be repealed.
Not true....anything and everything can be fixed.  It takes a willingness to do it.  Maybe we just don't have the right people?? Maybe???
Everything can be fixed. Somethings have to be demolished first though.
If you let people buy insurance across state lines you will get Rand Paul on board
Don't often agree with Lindsey, but I hope he is right on this and we can get rid of Obamacare
@GOP @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS easy choice: socialism
Yeah, let states do the dirty work of denying health care.
Sounds more like a choice between Socialism and straight Communism to me.
Health Care hemorrhage needs immediate attention. Grahm-C plan stops the leaks, helps Americans needing HC. Then continue improvement
Obviously you have not read the bill
John McCain is a FAKE REPUBLICAN. He was raised a democrat and he'll die a democrat. He's EVERYTHING wrong w Washington. NO LOYALTY OR HONOR
I hope I'll be able to use my insurance again bc I'm paying for it but my high deductible is never reached SO I'm paying all out of pocket
More reason for #SinglePayer
Socialism belongs in the .
Socislism commits crimes against people and has never worked out for the regular population. Slavery rising for all. Democrats are helping.
Mccain wont pass it , what the hell is his problem ?
Government does NOT belong in our Healthcare!
The hell with you! You don't give a damn about anyone but the rich in this country.  You will create chaos.

HA HA HA HA.  Go ahead and keep spinning 'til your head flies off.  WE know the truth.  This bill FAILS the Kimmel Test.  Bigly.
We need to get past killing everything "Obama" and work towards bettering the lives of the average American. No leadership anymore!
Johnny is an unamerican, little weasel, carries a grudge, little old lady. Hillary like
If you think republicans care about any one other than the rich keep on watching national inquirer news

Send Obamacare back to the sewer it came fromband pass this GOP bill. We can expand on the law but need to kill failing Obamacare!!
2/5 4 states get 40 percent of money under Obamacare: New York, California, Massachusetts &Maryland.They represent 20% of the population.
Because they expanded Medicaid. Red states chose not to, and now blue states are going to be penalized for that? GTFO
Yes, exactly. This is punitive. Republicans warned states not to take the exp because the $ may not always be there. They are making sure.
I paid $654 a month. Dropped it 2 mon. ago. I just want affordable health care. Tired of paying for others.
The healthy pay for the sick. That's how healthcare works.
@LindseyGrahamSC I guess I'm a Socialist & a Christian who would like to help take care of the poor and the sick.

BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
Lindsey, go away. Retire to your porch, drink mint juleps with your “friend” Pat and leave the country alone.
Blue Cross Blue Shield said nothing for previous illness in this plan???????????
This is what my Grandson's surgeon says about you crap bill

Thank you sen graham
Idiots stop  drinking
“Which pre-existing conditions would cause premiums to skyrocket under #GrahamCassidy? Autism, asthma, & pregnancy. Say NO to #Trumpcare”
President Obama called it the ACA. he never put his name on it. Others did. As the COS in The West Wing said: “we do not strut EVER”.
U can say the words Repeal/Replace all the live long day but all u are doing is FIXING WHAT PRESIDENT OBAMA DID FIRST! Get over yourselves!
Rand Paul says there will be many more opportunities to fix ACA. ITs important enought to not rush this to get re elected.
U r using those terms to frighten people into buying into a bad bill just to boot out ACA. Could not b more wrong

Graham is right. Let the states do this. If you live in SC or MS and want better coverage, move to NY, CA or OR.
this is choice between life and death for 10 million. God will judge you last of all
Lindsey, did u take money from Blat...the Russian oligarch?
Sir- You ever been to a public library?  Just Asking?
Crooked corrupt liar Trump

Graham is a sell out  theory on health is uneducated political posturing not for Americans
This healthcare Bill is a scam, this isn't fair to all Americans. If some states are going to run our healthcare and some aren't that's fair
Mr. Graham is very smart, but does not believe in health care access for all, as a human right.
You can talk about " isms" all you want. Your bill strips care for moms and babies. For cancer patients.
Your bill will kill people. I can see it in your eyes that you know this Senator. That this is your legacy
No it's a continued @gop effort to 
#Kakistocracy
#Kleptocracy 
#Idiocracy
Sorry Senator. my taxpayer dollars should help Americans have affordable healthcare, not pay 4 potus vanity rallies.
Trump’s Phoenix campaign rally cost $450,000, and that's just the latest massive taxpayer expense of his presidency http://bit.ly/2hgANUp  
No, the difference is between democracy and fascism

GOP plan die quickly if you get sick!
Pile of bs Lindsey! Single payer cheaper already  productive as Medicare. You are bought and cuckholded by trillions ins cos already make!
HORSESHIT! This is a move to bolster these turds' death grip on the economy.
Socialism, please! 
How about saying no to socialism and federalism and instead choosing Freedom Lindsey!
ABSOLUTE GARBAGE!
Here is a more accurate and honest take.
What happened to u?? Don't u care about MILLIONS who will be devastated if passed? Why do u ignore what AMA & other healthcare leaders say?
You don't care what happens to the the people all you care about is that you get yours
Socialism?!! The wealthiest country in the world can't provide universal healthcare for its citizens when every other civilized nation does.
Graham has shown his true colors over the past day, just another ideologue putting party over country.
It's a choice between having healthcare (ACA) and losing healthcare (your bill).
If it's such a fine health care plan how bout you and your cruddy buddies in Congress ditch your current coverage for this new death care??
K well now we know their bill is BS, they went on Faux News!
Choice between life and death or bankruptcy for many, including me. Thank you for shortening my life span. My kids & grandkids won't forget
So now it's up to you--Congress
You can tell all these people do not have ACA they would not be sticking up for it.  Repeal and put something better in place.
Lying Republicans.  Stop them from taking away pre-existing condition protection.  You people are evil.
Don't do anything. Just let this crap fail. Let the democrats figure out and tell the American people why it failed.
Socialism is better than Social Darwinism. You're taking healthcare away from millions to give the wealthy tax breaks.
Federalism? https://www.vocabulary.com/dictionary/federalism … Rs elites just can't let go of the power they enjoy!!! Socialism/Communism and Federalism all same!!
Oh hell, I thought it was about fixing health care for all Americans. Thanks for explaining so clearly that this is about political ideology
Why wasn't Ron Paul in the meetings to be part of the creation and have him on board then his vote would be there how stupid
I almost believed you were one of the remaining statesmen willing to put country before party. Silly me!
GOV. Stuck there winkie in healthcare yrs ago, will be screwed for generations to come
What a disappointment you are.  Never trust a republican.  Done....
.@RandPaul says no.  
LG + Paul Ryan like it.
No.
All that was a lie. Preconditions will be back, lifetime caps will be back. #SAD
$$$$$
This is about decency
Nonsense! U know better than that. The #ACA is a CAPITALIST plan to make sure more people can afford health insurance. Not socialist at all.
NO. THIS is a choice between working Americans and Wall Street/Big Insurance Companies and their TOADIES in Congress and the MEDIA.
AND allows Medicaid to go unfunded, and allows preexisting conditions to effect coverage, and allows much less coverage and more costs to us
Nothing they do is benefiting the working class if so show us and not force it on us. Oh we talking about the dummies in government 
The state's don't do shit for education so they damn sure want do for sick people. Don't fix roads just were they want health care nah suck
Why take healthcare from 30 Million people just to cut taxes on the Ultra Wealthy? And then call it healthcare. It’s rape not healthcare!!!
Graham flip-flops so often he's a walking self-spanker. He should go all-in and slam Trump at every turn, especially on this hurtful bill!!!
Not going to happen
All of a sudden @LindseyGrahamSC has discovered federalism. How about states keep $ instead of sending it to fed only to have it sent back
No.. it's not.
No... he hasn't.
Slashing Americans' healthcare while you keep yours & the HHS Secretary visits CEOs via private jet isn't "federalism"; it's oligarchy.
He stole that line from #rosaluxembourg
Pre existing conditions huge must as well as women s health needs
If u prefer states making choices why have money go to federal government,  every state for themselves, oh yeah sc is a net taker.
Liberal talking points, states can get get waiver out of covering pre existing conditions  under ur bill, whats to stop them?
By opposition to socialism, we have the federalism meaning American we take your money we have better use for it, and you are on your own.
No it's a choice between life and death.  The Reich Wing wants you to die by doubling and tripling premiums, excluding pre-conditions
Graham are you betting on the ignorance of people by using the word socialism which is a fancy word for people. to go against their interest
Socialism come from social meaning PEOPLE not a devil. So healthcare is from people to the people. it's our money republican back off.
Looks like you also don't have a pair. Just like any other kiss ass GOP to Herr Drumpf. Sad!

A bill -- finalized yesterday, has not been scored, amendments not allowed, and 3 hours final debate -- should be viewed with caution.
The bill is 
If healthcare by misfortune pass senate, senators won't pass the next election day. God will be mad at peoples who don't protect themselves.
How about,we keep it as healthcare a vital utility to the Americans, without any political name calling or let's call it,Healthcare for all.
Sounds good but scary to think states will do the right thing with this money.
Will South Carolina run health care as well as they ran the police/fire/teacher pension system? A joke!
BS
What a load of BS!
Who cares about political ideology when you are dying. This is the problem politicians who are ideologues. We need healthcare not political.
No, it's a choice of either living under the thumb of insurance corporations, or using OUR gov. Which WE pay for, to take care of US
Its unconstitutionali spending even if states determine how its spent.
true - even Lindsey Graham admits this plan is suboptimal but it's a step to stem the push for total federal govt control of h/c
Parliament of Whores meets Confederacy of Dunces. Can't wait to see how that all turns out.
When in doubt, use the s-word. Scare those "patriotic" folks in your state.  Wait until they find out what awaits them when reality hits.
There is no choice Oh yes the choice to die or spend exorbitant amount of money to have health care
No this is a choice between serving the people of this country and your donors.  You've chosen poorly.
Nope! When trump disgraced us again on UN stage, how can I stand for anything trump touches? Don't understand u? Tax cuts???disgraceful!!!
I am ashamed of Lindsey graham. If graham-Cassidy is so beneficial for Americans, why rushing without CBO score? see Koch bro $$$$$ pledge!!
No it isn't, it's a choice between a bad bill and compromise. Work smarter.
I'm happy to see that Lindsey Graham seems to have come around to give Trump a chance I think it's time for John McCain to do the same
Define your terms, Dipsh*t. Federalism means corporate oligarchy and suffering and death for the poor in this case? Seems like it.
Unfortunately, it won't pass because of the block grants to the states.
Every other western nation has "socialized" and they love it. Just idiots in GOP think healthcare is a privilege. Repeal Ocare at your peril
He's lying and he no's it and why are we forced to pay for House/Congress healthcare benefits they lose nothing
Maybe you need to talk to your buddy McCain and tell him worse to put his ego aside a help this country.  He won't tho
LIAR! #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
It's a choice between what's good for the majority of American's and what is good the Koch brothers. The GOP is only for the 1%
Good, affordable Health Ins for the American ppl is NOT Socialism...it's called doing the RIGHT thing for the people...
Traitor traitor traitor
Where's the CBO report on the Trumpcare bill? Hmmm, on a wing and a prayer!
Democratic Socialism is fine & scares the hell out of you. It's what Bernie supports and it's what FDR supported, you support killing people
This is a #DeathCare bill pure and simple. Fox doesn't care about the U.S. Citizens just the big money. 
What the hell is wrong with you people? My bill went up 50% from $580 to $1,100. Get rid of Obamacare and bring back private healthcare
Choice between Americans & Koch Brothers
LET'S HOPE IT DOESN'T PASS for the wellbeing of all AMERICANS.  It's ruthless, heartless, and despicable.
Thats ridiculous.
Pragmatism.
Neither socialism nor stealing frm north & west to fund SE belligerents.
REG ORDER for ALL Americans!
need 50 votes now and need 60 votes after Sept 30. Hard enough to get 50.
Sorry, I just don’t trust Graham any longer. Is this why he and McCain sabotaged last repeal bill.
No Sir, this is a choice between the have and have nots 
 How can you be so cruel?
This is most shameful act--88% of Americans hate the GOP bill. This is not about health but about midterm elections. Disgraceful politicians
Judging by the comments you have handily lost the narrative. The people are tired of suffering at the hands of corporate greed.
This will expedite the movement for a single payer system. The more this fails the more it will convince people to change it.
It's a choice between being a modern country or living in the dark ages. Why are you so scared to admit single payer saves us all $$?
Lie. Get the definition of socialism. Ur getting ur ignorant watchers to believe the lies.as fox always does.













Bullshit.  It's caring for the Americans vs. not giving a shit about them.  Try to grow a heart.
Repeal and replace
The government should have never taken on health care.  Anything they touch they destroy.  Health care is not a government responsibility.
You are a liar Graham.A rotten liar!
Build I hate auto type.
This is important also this group voted in the past to buy s wall does anyone thing this is going to be better. Nothing but lies !
