Maybe they want to protect the elderly, poor ,& those w pre-existing conditions. Something that you would think Congress would want!!!
For 6 years Reps refused to work with Dems. Now that Reps in power Dems are supposed to compromise. Lame! Sic!
.@LindseyGrahamSC or it could mean they are committed to not pass a terrible bill. Some R's voted against as well.
When do you come up for reelection?
Tell it to the Iowans their last medical provider just announced its pulling of Obamacare.
Democrats committed to protecting their constituents. The American people. SHAME ON YOU!  Shame. give up your health insurance. Now.
It's like they want millions of people to not lose healthcare...
Could mean they are committed to protecting pre-existing conditions also
Why not work to make the ACA better. Don't replace REPAIR. Before during and after R's have worked to dismantle
Yes! Because it helps real people unlike the Trumpcare bill.
Does it make your eyes cross to talk out of both sides of your mouth?
As they should be.  Dead people can't vote
Change "Obamacare" to "the American people in middle to low income brackets and you're on to something. Their trust must be earned.
Or that the replacement offered is absolute garbage.
History doesn't reward political victories, it rewards improvements in the human condition
And those Republicans who voted in favor shows their disdain for the American people #thoughtyouwerebetterthanthis
The Republican Party won't investigate the treason of the president, but it WILL take away your health care to give billionaires more money.
No, they know how to call a "spade a spade". AHCA IS TRASH. If it's so good why'd the GOP exempt themselves?
....DAH?
They are committed to The American people. @GOP committed to the RICH.  You are SO clueless!
You voted to raise premiums! 

You voted for 24 Million Americans to lose Healthcare coverage! 

Don't ever mention God again! 

#Hypocrite
That's because it works.
Thank God. Improve it; don't gut it for a tax windfall for the 1%
Who even read it?  Many said they didn't.  That's very irresponsible.  How is that even right? Many Americans unhappy with House vote.
At least their interested in protecting SOMETHING, unlike you and your cronies.
Lindsey Graham hates Americans and doesn't care if they die from cancer.
Because they have human hearts and care about their constituents. And don't want to kill them.
Let them go down with the Sinking Ship, and then they can brag about "nothing".
yep we will have to see how that shakes out in 2018
It shows that Democrats care about Americans.  Republicans STOLE our health care.

Hey @LindseyGrahamSC  - maybe they simply agreed with the premise of your earlier statement? #dumb
A bill -- finalized yesterday, has not been scored, amendments not allowed, and 3 hours final debate -- should be viewed with caution.
Yet not all republicans voted FORthe bill.
No sir. They want to see a CBO score and have time to read this hastily written bill and all the amendments to appease factions within GOP

They weren't included. This was a closed door deal.
They are committed to protecting human lives. Paul Ryan is committed to cutting off support for cancer patients.
Today’s House vote – where every Democrat voted in opposition – shows that Democrats in Congress are committed to protecting Obamacare. (3)
So you're just going to ignore the 19 Republicans that voted no?  Or calling Democrats out is more important?
Total baloney, Lindsey. Just shows they care for the people, not party...unlike you. So very disappointed in you, you've sold your soul.
Democrats are committed to real health care. Those words aren't in the republican dictionary.  Replace was never the intent.
I disagree. It shows the are not #soulessjerks
There wasn't legislation worth supporting.
Brilliant deduction, howd you get so smart
Protecting American citizens
And, sir, what are you protecting?
They aren't protecting the plan, they are protecting their King Obama.
Or maybe they viewed it with caution like you tweeted earlier you damn hypocrite. I am starting to think none of you care about the people!
So what does it say about the 20 republicans that voted against it
Proves they are still fighting Trump buddy
And? Unrelated note: chaining tweets makes it easier to follow your line of reasoning. Ask someone on your staff how to do it.
I certainly hope so.. thank God we have sane folks in the House.
Or maybe they just know it's a lousy bill.
May the Lord have mercy on your soul. What y'all did is shameful. Too bad lack of compassion is pre-existing condition not covered by heaven
This vote was a photo op to claim a campaign promise and will hurt people.  Your party is repulsive, and you are all cowardly puppets.
Duh, because that's what they're constituents wants. Maybe you should do the same. Sell out
Proves they care about lives unlike you!
Or maybe it shows that Democrats are committed to protecting the people? Just a thought.
Republicans literally didn't read the bill before voting
pls don't go there. 20 REPUBLICANS were smart enough to think of their constituents...but NOT you. Don't forget to "REVIEW"
TODAY showed true colors GOP. All about 2%taxbreaks, NOT about HEALTHCARE. YOU have screwed the elderly, poor, and 24 million. Sleep well.
Wow @LindseyGrahamSC once again you show you'd rather attack Dems than work together to improve America. #unpatriotic and unacceptable!
This only makes me want to give up my independent status & register as a Democrat even more. Republicans only care about themselves.
Then the @SenateGOP & @SenateDems should set an example by working together to produce a healthcare bill we can all agree on.
It would be refreshing to see you guys work together. It's been a while since we've seen a bipartisan effort on a big piece of legislation
Be ashamed of yourself.
No!they are committed to protecting HEALTHCARE as a human right, not an opportunity for the rich to get richer at the expense of our health!
No, they are protecting their constituents. You should do the same. This bill is horrendous.
As they should be.
In true fashion you are still the biggest hypocrite. Sitting idly by while we pay for your health coverage while taking it away from others
No shit, Sherlock.
So am I, you jerk. It's worth protecting, so that patients are protected.
Yes and I salute them.
Actually, I think they are protecting pre existing conditions and the price of cancer treatments..but whatevs. It's your career in jeopardy.
Bullshit. It shows they are committed to protecting people's lives. I thought you were pro-life, too?
Or it means that they refuse to put their name on a bad bill that will harm people and end their careers.
As you should
Thank goodness for Democrats who care about #Americans' healthcare. @HouseGOP VOTED TO EXEMPT THEMSELVES FROM #Trumpcare.
WTF?
No sir, I have to believe many of them have children that will lose with the #AHCA. My son will be personally affected by this disaster.
Because Obamacare is more protective of Americans health care expenses than this tax cut for the wealthy will ever be.
.@LindseyGrahamSC And the Reps were committed to destroying ACA bc it was named after a Black man, otherwise Reps would have revised #shame
How is this any different than the GOP being so committee to repealing ACA they vote for this crappy replacement?  That makes the GOP worse.
How about this: give all Americans the health care congress has.
At least some our looking out for the American people.  Is the anyone in your party who isn't a self serving hypocrite?
Republican or not, your tone-deaf partisanship is hurting the country. There's enough blame to go around. Do good for your country.
What's worse trying to keep coverage for everyone-or Just yourselves?Close the loopholes or close your pie hole.
I've worked hard and been blessed and Ive reached out to those behind and try to pull them up. The final nails in the American dream. 3
I have idea, why don't reach across the aisle and co-sponsor Sanders Medicare for all bill.
I hope so.  People will die with AHCA, and you will have blood on your hands.  Quit being a puppet !  Fix ACA !
Only to be thrown to the wolves by you sell outs to the gods of $$$ 2/.
I've always played by the rules. Participated in the process. Paid in for 20 years in the Indy market against the chance I would need it 1
yes, they are, bless them every one!
As you should have been.
and every GOP is committed to giving huge tax breaks to millionaires.
Work to change what you think needs changed. Compromise! Make it a better law!
Dems committed to improving ACA. The GOP committed to killing people and offering less coverage for more money to line the rich pockets.
Indeed. It is a better plan. The best is single payer, but you will never support it!
Substitute people for 'obamacare' And the correct term is ACA.All the GOP is cruel & unusual.And despised by 65 million people.
Along with 20 other good republicans!
I gave a sincere question @LindseyGrahamSC. When you are sitting enjoying the quiet of the day do you ever admit to yourself your hypocrisy?
I noticed Congress will still afford the benefits of the ACA for themselves (that's you Sen). #Hypocrites
I think that so many Repubs voted no speaks more for the junk level of this bill.  Democrats aren't the only ones playing partisan games.
and protecting people's lives. Where Republicans don't care, because they cannot stand up to Trump.  A man who cannot/ will not read a bill
What about the Republicans who voted against it?
Maybe they're against people dying unnecessarily?
You are wrong. This is worse for all of us. Hug you big insurance donors. #sad. #bad
And rightly so.  They are MORE THAN WILLING to fix it, but replacing with this nonsense is HORRENDOUS.  #2018
Committed to protecting their constituents. There, I fixed it for you.
No sir, they are committed to not reducing taxes for the rich so that Medicaid can be cut.
24 million people are going to lose their coverage and you're taking 880 billion out of Medicaid over the next ten years.
No it means everyone recognized this bill will kill people.
And protecting us!  Shame on you!
Or committed to not killing sick people!!!

Thank God someone is, Senator. A $2 trillion tax cut on the backs of the elderly, poor and sick is not reform. It's a crass nod to the rich.
Damn right we the people like it !
Good. You people are heartless traitors. #2018
way to point out the obvious. Maybe it's because 24 million will loose coverage and cost will rise under GOP-care.
Or it shows the GOP didn't work with the Dems here...
And the GOP vote showed just how pathetic of a group of people you all are.  2018 is not that far away people.   Get rid of them all!
That's right. We liked that every person under Obamacare had EHBs, pre-existing coverage at same price as everyone else, etc. #YOUWILLREGRET
Absolutely. Thanks Dems. Committed to making sure every American has healthcare.
It shows that @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP only care about Corporate donors and care nothing of the health of 20+ million Americans.
And? As long as they work to fix it, why shouldn't they protect it? It's more than you've done, sir.
& their constituents, Linds. I can't wait until you're up for reelection. #HeyHeyHeyGoodbye
Duh
And 20 sane Republicans also voted against it. I hope the Senate can correct the disaster that is this Bill.
I'm a small-business owner with preexisting conditions. If this passes, I will afford insurance and will be left with no insurance.
No they are more inclined protecting PEOPLE over party. GOP always votes party over ppl you schmuck !
No, it shows they might actually care a wee bit  about the other 99%, unlike the GOP who just wants to prove their dick is bigger.
Do what you're go to do, but please stop with the lies already.  #partybeforecountry
NO...THEIR COMMITTED TO KEEPING PEOPLE ALIVE.
Disingenuous, sir. They want to amend O'care responsibly. It is "collapsing" because insurers are averse to the unknown.
Thank God they are
Because Dems (both constituents and leaders) care about the people that will be negatively affected by your version. We stand w them 100%
Well, duh. Of course they did & it was the RIGHT thing to do for all Americans. This is not a healthcare bill, it's a tax (cut) bill.
They have a good reason for doing that.  They are the party of the people.  You are not. You are the party of greed and insanity.
they have so much confidence in this bill that they wouldn't even wait for the cbo score...
That's not what you said in an earlier tweet. Can you ever not lie?
No Senator... they are rightfully opposed to destroying the parts that work.
Then why did 20 Rs vote against it? Because it's A: Terrible. B: They had no time to analyze it. C: No CBO report.
Or committed to protecting Americans. You should try it. Do your job!!!!!
When Obamacare is more popular with US people than POTUS45, maybe u should re-check your priorities & alliances? At least the Dems see this.
You say that like it's a bad thing ...
20 of your fellow Republicans had the sense to also vote no today. But only 20.
Well stated. GOP start advertising the names of every Dem who voted against it.  They are not working for the good of the nation.
as well they should be!
They are committed to ppl having health care unlike you you monster
As they should!
of course they are. And proud of it.
I think they would be more than willing to work on improving it if they had willing partners on the other side of the aisle
AS THEY SHOULD.
And the GOP is committed to population control by passing this defective bill. Hope all of you are voted out of office. #resist #impeach
and the American people they represent
You are usually so thoughtful...there was nothing good about this bill, and now you are falling back to partisan talking points
Didn't seem like there was a lot of negotiating with Democrats going on.  See how easily spending bill was passed?
If it's so wonderful step up and demand that you get to be on Trumpcare and not receive the plan your greedy party has nego for themselves.
Or they actually read the bill and decided that it was no better than or worse than ACA or that it would be prudent to wait for CBO info.
And 20 repubs voted against it. #VoteNoAHCA #voteNO
And so they should. TrumpCare hurts millions of Americans. Where are TRUMP's attempts at leading RESPECTFULLY? Look in the mirror, sir.
No, they are protecting coverage for those with pre existing co dictionary.
As they should be. As YOU should be. WTF is wrong with you?
Today’s House vote – where every Democrat voted in opposition – shows that Democrats in Congress are committed to protecting Americans. (3)
There, fixed that for you.
Until you have something better, which this is far from better. You are just showing your ignorance...
As they should be! You don't fix by hurting (taking away24m ppl HC). Hypocrisy!
Republicans sang "hey hey hey goodbye" as they celebrated their vote to strip coverage from 24+ million Americans.
#BREAKING: House GOP votes to repeal Affordable Care Act - stripping coverage from millions of Americans to give a tax break to the rich. 
Of course not. Most of them are millionaires. Your purpose is to clean their toilets, do their gardening, raise their kids. Serve them.
This bill is disgusting. Ur gutting everything beautiful about ACA because your egos wont allow you to fix it. U R literally killing people
Americans are committed to policy that makes sense and isn't driven by need to "win" against perceived Democratic enemy
Say good bye to your career
They are committed to protecting Americans Health. 7 years GOP has refused to fix, and now this monstrosity.  To appease #PutinsPotus
Maybe they won't vote yes for a bill you didn't read. Sounds sensible
No, it shows that the large majority of GOP is morally abject.
No it shows they didn't vote for a shitty health bill that all major med associations opposed because it would do harm to constituents
Or it showed that most in GOP are committed to ACA repeal even if their solution is worse. An actual improvement would likely get Dem votes.
They're protecting PEOPLE. They're happy to improve the ACA, but GOP can't accept that & would rather strip millions of care. For tax cuts.
Or they are permitted to protecting those of us with pre-existing conditions.
Your integrity seems to be gone. Sad.
You are not running from reelection, they are you know as well as anyone with a true conscious this bill smells like 
This is a lie. Dems SAID that OCare was flawed and needed fixing. The bill that you dopes just passed is an abomination. Hope you're proud
Shut up, while you're not ahead.
It shows that Democrats are the only ones fighting for our right to Healthcare. Screw you Lindsey!  2018 can't come soon enough.
Yesssssss! They listen to their constituents
