Only pussy cuckervative neocon liberals drink Corona.
you might be a “true” American but you do have the worst taste in booze!
well. I’m only a fan when I go to Mexico but Budweiser? U can’t b serious. So much great craft US beer tho
modelo and yes. It’s popular. Corona in mex is diff than in US and good when it’s hot outside. No craft beer where you are?
but that 20 bill to build wall? We’re paying and DT will personally make a fortune from it. Mex won’t & cant pay. They poor
@CommonSense1212 Hahahha!!!!
Mucho Triste?
you are a traitor, I so agree wth potus since last Saturday, he does not care about kkk,or bad people at march, and others!
@Texaroonie said the alcoholic...
An example of a politician caring more about commodities than people #USAgetout
Yeah dude US trade and intervention helped the Caribbean and the Americas way more than any of their leaders ever did.
was not a fan of Trump until last sat. at that place in virginia.  now blacks killing Police here, show hosts enabilling blacks!
What has happened to you??? You are acting like Schumer. Are you going to be a clown or worse?
yeah, we're going to need all the tequila we can get. Say no to Russian vodka! Drink tequila!
Are you drunk right now?
muy*
Keeping tequila affordable and not wanting Ted Cruz to die anymore is a pretty solid platform
@LPDonovan @LindseyGrahamSC and wanting Russian hacking investigated...
You're our only hope, Obi-Wan. Please keep pushing back on crazy.
who do we trust, a successful business man, or a lifetime politician? Sorry Lindsey you loose...
@JoePerticone no wonder you sound hammered Everytime you talk...
as a recent transplant to your state, please, no 2 wall, no 2 Muslim ban, no 2 illiterate DeVos, no 2 Sessions, no 2 racism
Funny, you. THANK YOU. Our country is burning before us & where are Reps/Cons to carry water and protect the Constitution?
Agree!
He's trying to address Trump voters - that's the only level of discourse they're able to understand.
I am a Trump voter & I have seen this country become a 3rd world country because of  elites rules
a Bigly bad idea...
you need to stand up for your constituents and against Trump's crazy BS ideas.
Thanks for ruining any chance of negotiating & showing your hand so early.  #RuinAnyChanceForAGoodDealForUSA
?? You must've had to much of each when you typed this
still counting on you. Sincerely, A Democrat
1/2 glad you can laugh as your party leader destroys our democracy.  Remember you were against Russian interference?
2/2 This cutting off our neighbors and allies is exactly what the new USSR wants.  Republican puppets of Putin
Thank you for being a voice of reason!
Thanks for trying to lighten up a serious situation.
Talk about dangerous Dem policy--serious anger. Talk about dangerous Trump policy--jokes.
man up and put a stop to the crazy train.
you gonna comment on how he's a fascist too or...?
.@LindseyGrahamSC gets it.
Simply put, any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila, or margaritas is a big-time bad idea. Mucho Sad. (2)
Hundreds of thousands of US jobs directly rely on trade with Mexico, to say nothing of cascading effects.
Hundreds of thousands of jobs are lost to illegals here at home and companies going to Mexico.
are you proposing cutting our nose off to spite ourselves?
AND we won't have our produce that is imported from Mexico. Good luck getting or growing produce in the US.
Who will pick it if they build the wall.  This is a fun little ferriswheel we have here
yes I made that pt but it didn't post. Love to see American workers hack it one day in the fields.
TFW you're a senior member of a fascist party and your qualm with its racist policies is they'll raise the price of alcohol
@LindseyGrahamSC
of the price of booze goes up, his voters will lose their shit.
this is a bad tweet
You ever stop and think why you got less that 1% of your own state vs Trump? Mucho cuck
when dictator Trump leaves office.  I'll come to D.C. to your office with Corona. Celebrate
and in case you eat food, FYI Mexico accounts for 69% of the U.S. fresh vegetable import value.
I like #LindseyUnplugged 
Every time I hear you speak I am just mystified how the people of South Carolina keep reelecting you.
Mucho Sad? Man your street cred in Cabo just went through the roof.
I feel, that if had a chance to actually talk, we might get along just fine.   Your future friend.
So building the "wall" (stupid idea) is paid for with 20% tax on nearly every consumer sector product (stupid idea).
The Trump voter will be really really excited to pay this new tax. 
do NOT pass this tax. This is NOT Mexico paying for wall. Americans will pay twice!  Grocery prices up.
I might take the Trump voter a while to figure all of this out. 
Also cars, machinery, corn, soybeans, daily, port, beef, software exports gonna be great for Republican voters across USA.
Based on % of income this new Trump tax will hit the people who voted for him the hardest. They actually believed that Mexico would pay. 
Think of America not yourself
This isnt the time for snark.  60% labor participation rate?  50% youth unemployment.  Put America first, Lindsey. #MAGA
How will his bizs function when other countries charge HIM 20% for his brand. Does he still manufacture his lines in China?
Who the Hell likes that water called Corona ?  We have the best Beer in the world, and our brothers in Canada send us,BEER
me too mucho sad 
please vote no to DeVos. U r the last with integrity. She is not qualified! It's beneath u to vote with the herd please no!
Agree wholeheartedly with @LindseyGrahamSC! @realDonaldTrump's #GuacTax is very unfair and prejudices American business/healthy consumers.
We don't care about you getting sloshed on swill. buy SC spirits @STMoonshine @CMdistillery @MotteandSons
yeah! Always buy SC spirits!
This is global economics 101.  Did Trump take that class? Or did he skip that along with his Civics classes?
Breaking: man who doesn't pay taxes doesn't understand tax policy. More at 11.
If he didn't understand them, he wouldn't have known how to avoid them & be successful 
Breaking: Man doesn't understand taxes, hires tax attorney to figure out tax loopholes. More at 12.
He's worth 10 billion? I'd like to see the documents proving that, instead of billions he owes.
Be sad. Hike prices of alcohol and tobacco and America will be a better place. (Don’t say anything about arms control yet)
We need more of this and far less from Potus and his cabal
This guy has more issues them Vogue. #TermLimits
Me alegraste con tu comentario... Saludos
I have ideas on how we can work with Mexico for the benefit of both our countries.
I am in north-east, lived all over usa, and Libyia SaudiArabia am pro Arab but dislike black people- not my brothers,
Not funny old man. Get help with your addiction and stay out of politics
I need a hero! Please let it be u that votes no to DeVos! Ur integrity precedes u. Don't let kids down. Please vote no!
#love
these blacks here are hate mongers, all over tv with their big mouths spewing dislike of Whites like me!
Y R U so concerned that Russian "influenced" R elections but not that Gerorge Soros is fomenting insurrection & chaos?
Well put sir! Hope we can count on you to stop some of the other lunacy coming from Trump and his Trum-Pets.
your turn.  We just suffered for 8 years.
@MarcoSuarez It’s cool. I heard there’s gonna be an exception for Trump brand tequila.
definitely probable.
(I was joking)
lol, I know. But there’s no such thing as absurd anymore.
. @LindseyGrahamSC Are poor Spanish & alcohol analogies the best that can be said about racist segregation & denigration in 2017? #MuchoSad.
Really? C'mon... How many Deseg lawsuits are there REALLY, North vs South? Bet more up North....
Not to mention cars, machinery, medical equipment and fruit/veg. It's all right here (for now) - https://ustr.gov/countries-regions/americas/mexico …
Hi! Im a mexican avocado exporter. If you need avocado please DM me! http://www.avofruits.com 
.@LindseyGrahamSC concerned that @POTUS does not understand macroeconomics AND not willing to listen to advisors. Need ur help here.
Right. The billionaire who's been having listening sessions for the last 4 days. Good one.
He's insane. Can you and your colleagues take him away now? Thanks. - America.
MRW,
This's America & it doesnt work that way. Of course a Hillary supporter would suggest an unconstitutional act
It works very well. He's already been violating the Constitution for 8 full days. IMPEACH.
Obama & Hillary violated the constitution for 8yrs but u never said anything. So now you have a Conscience. #maga
WHAT? No they didn't. LOL.
Why are you ignoring facts
Name one.
All of PO executive orders were illegally done.
quit saying you're going to stand up to him. Do it!
you are a one of the handful of republicans I like. Keep the good fight. Don't allow putin to use his Chetooh stooge pls.
never thought I would agree with # Lindsey Graham scary times we are living in! #notonestepback
@williamscraigm fruits,  vegetables and avocados too!
This is literally the first thing we've ever agreed on. Although "Very sad" would be "muy triste". Still- ¡Mi hermano! <3
thanks me Graham, Don't Worry there will be enough Jobs that everyone can pay it .. thanks D TrUMP
Looks he's had a few...
booohooohooo, alcohol gets more expensive. maybe that will cut down on duis and alcohol related deaths
Little Man Graham is a bought and paid for stooge!
I'm a Dem but you are my hero standing up for what you believe is right.  That's a biggie.
- really newly liking you, but please keep it real. Especially about critical issues. (Thanks. An independent leftist.)
the voice of reason in these tumultuous times. Whoda think it. 
Think you need Another Drink Lindsey.  Now we understand why DC such a failure. You're all drunk!
Wow Senator we have found common ground.
YES SIR!! Mucho sad, nasty women and bad hombres are MAD 
thanks for your humor-desperately needed
making the price of fruits and vegetables sky rocket is way more important than the cost of alcohol #workforthepeople
Appreciate wit & simplification of 20% tax penalty Trump proposes on Mexico to cover cost of wall. Agree, consumers boycott
I don't agree you most of the time- but this tweet, and "The Onion" one, got you to the bottom step of the basement stairs.
I'm starting to like you @KatyTurNBC
You do not get to make jokes about the predator in chief.  Your treatment of Obama gave us trump.  Shame!
it's "mas Triste", not "mucho sad" #hopeithelps
How much benefits are we going to get after building a $15 billion dollar wall?  Is it worth it?
Very mucho sad. Good for you standing up strong to POTUS!
- Simply put, if you get re-elected it will qualify as the 8th Wonder of the World
save us please from these perils.
Please do not support that wall, you do not build walls between allies. #NoWall
.@LindseyGrahamSC Patron is up 18% in Nashville. Mucho sad! #importtax #Mexico
@facialmerkin right on Senator. Speak on behalf of America!!!  Signed a Cali Dem
Well stated, mi amigo.
The Cheeto Bandito strikes again!  Glad you have stated this in terms Trump followers can understand.
you are now my favorite southern belle
Please tell me this account was hacked. 
no doubt!! Don't mess with TGIF our Friday Night Margaritas!!
Proposals are just that.  They have no weight.  Can we all collectively grow up a little?

Thank you, a voice of reason.....
I never thought I would agree with anything Senator Graham said.  But @realDonaldTrump said @SenJohnMcCain wasn't a hero...
It is "muy triste" NOT "mucho sad" you illiterate RINO.
No @LindseyGrahamSC you are mucho sad.  How about enforcing the laws and make real Americans mucho happy @HaugenATX
please take care of this before Cinco de Mayo.
don't forget the avocado for guacamole dip.
then head south. I'm sure mexico would take you in since they love liberals.
Not my margaritas?! Too far, man. 
Simply put, any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila, or margaritas is a big-time bad idea. Mucho Sad. (2)
I'm lib Democrat, ur a sane one in ur party, Donald is bad news for middle class
just gave America a perfect reason to impeach @realDonaldTrump ... #tequilatax
as a senior member of a fascists party all you worry about is price of alcohol???
@MeghanMcCain 100 tons of Mexico Avocados turned away from border yesterday.  Holy moly no Guacamole!  Price will go up!
Is Trump insane?!
- great sense of humor.  Too bad you aren't a Democrat 
maybe now is a good time for some introspection regarding your alcoholism
I am glad you are sticking to your own guns and going against Trump...
@phaeta Finally something you and I can agree on Senator!
When will you just go away...you are a worn out, establishment hack (I'm a Rep. BTW)...
@joekeene Avocados, strawberries, mezcal, cerveza, autos, clothing... Americans will be mucho pissed! @EPN @VicenteFoxQue
the wall is a ridiculous expense.  We need clean water
The Doomsday Clock just advanced, "thanks to Trump": It’s now just 2½ minutes to "midnight."
actually it would be a good thing. Would have alcoholics like  think twice before buying alcohol. #keepdwiofftheroad
That time I retweeted a GOP in support of his stance on a subject... Today is that Day!
@MickFJJr is he serious? Are u hi?
-  this is why you have 1% of the vote.
don't forget #mezcal...!!!
@JenniferBrickeylThis says a lot about Graham's priorities but will assume he is jesting!
their go the deplorable drunks again. 
cars and car parts
Graham must be a drunk
you're my new favorite republican and I'm a democratic!
.@LindseyGrahamSC Also our second biggest source of produce, but yes, margaritas are a much bigger loss.

@KatyTurNBC Lindsey you helped Trump get elected despite his treatment of friends McCain & Jeb Bush. Why should we listen?
I'm a lifelong democrat, but please, please do something about Trump. He's a disgrace to the Office.
well done!!!
You have a great career as the pitchman "Captain Irrelevant" when you retire to the RINO zoo.
that "mucho sad" comment was bad ass awesome
When margaritas become unaffordable #TheTrumpEffect
.. America first
You get why that's kinda racist dude, right?
totally agree!
you need to retire.
@MeghanMcCain hey here's a thought try to get them to move to SC
I'm thoroughly embarrassed that you are my senator. We have got to get you out if office.
Trump makes State dept officials leave abruptly, Tillerson friends w Putin, getting scary. SAY NO TO TILLERSON PLEASE!
I'll buy you a margarita if you vote no on #DeVos  you can even order one of those fancy, fruity, frozen ones.
Senator,  I haven't always agreed with you (I never agree 100% w/any politician). But you just won me as a fan.
my thoughts exactly!
@joekeene Yup. Cause we're all going to need as much of that as possible to get through the next 4 years. 
Good people don't drink Corona, tequila or margaritas.  Sound familiar?
@slowdawning Stop him.
take your pick ..beer or illegal crimals,raping our kids!
I don't like you but this is the most hilarious and true thing you have ever sad.
es la verdad
I didn't vote for you...but damn that's making sense...
not gonna lie, first thing I thought was how much I'm gonna pay for Modelo now...
But...think of all the possible heroin overdoses we can prevent halting drugs from coming in! They can keep the tequila.
at least for the beer it may be a mini an beer but I think it is brewed here
@blackrepublican how about having Mexico rescind their tariff on our goods?  Look, think, engage brain before tweet.
I hope you follow thru & oppose this dumb idea. I don't have a lot of confidence in you.
The popular vote was for taco trucks on every corner.  America isn't going to put up with anti-Mexico policies.  xo
Border security is national security. We support legal immigration. Stop saying we're anti-Mexico.
Singling out 1country 4 negative effects will create 2nd-class status for Latino immigrants.  Even my legal students are stressed
Not enforcing the same laws Mexico and Canada enforces singled out America for negative consequences.
Are you downplaying the fears of my students about hate-crimes? I don't understand yr tweet.
Your hypothetical hate crimes pale in comparison to actual crimes by illegals. There is a real death toll.
Threat model cites white male xtians as biggest radicalized threat to US:
Well that changes everything. Let us cancel all laws and cease their enforcement. Because X is worse than Z.
how the fuck did this tweet happen
Holy crap, who would have ever thought me and Lindsey Graham would ever agree!
