How about discussing impeachment?
Hillary lost.
So did the confederacy
And your point?
If your still supporting, you're probably a racist bigot but hey, if the doc martens fit, lace them bitches up & wear em proudly.
Yea...yea..yea. 
Calling me a racist for supporting my President and AMERICA FIRST does not phase me. I know what's in my heart.
I always thought you were a decent man. I no longer do and everything you do as long as you support Trump is just bullshit. And you know it.
No. He voted against getting Trump's taxes. He voted to remove healthcare from millions. He's Vichy and he's helping ruin America.
He voted for repeal of ACA. Because that's why us Americans voted the Republicans in to do. OBAMACARE must go.
You know that's getting old. Get your acts together and prepare for the next election. In the meantime, we are going to do GREAT for USA.
That you still believe that is ... well ... sad. I'm a Canadian and I think you MAGA nuts are every bit as dangerous as the real Nazis.
How's those open borders and flood of refugees working out for ya?
ppl will NOT allow you to sensor our @POTUS we will recall you if you try!
Censor
Good luck educating Isabelle, she thinks she can recall a US Senator.
Actually you can.
You can but it literally takes an act of congress and has to be initiated there. It's only happened twice.
Name the two senators who have been recalled.
Shoot. Not recalled, expulsion. Got my terms wrong. I have aphasia and sometimes mix words. 15 but most resigned or no action taken.
When will you be on a real news channel?
Get in line and support what the majority of hard working law abiding Americans voted for. You're reputation proceeds you.
I voted for @realDonaldTrump because I didn't think he would follow along on this war agenda but no different than the rest of em no balls..
Thank you for complimenting our POTUS tonight it's good to see you behind him please bring the RNC together and pass the agenda we voted 4
You'd do better being on @FoxNews discussing the TWENTY-FIFTH AMENDMENT AND HIS 34% APPROVAL RATING AND #trumprussia 
#25thAmendmentNow
The only poll we go by is the one on Election Day. And as you can see the Dems aren't doing so good on Election Day polling.
Same strategy as Bush and Obama. Lipstick on a pig!
Sure wish Repubs would stand w/potus have his back and get the agenda done.
just when I was starting to respect you Mr Graham...
Why would you appear on fox fake news?
Republicans love war...
Why do you only go on Fox News. The state-run media you are so obvious? That's why Democrats don't trust you because you're on Fox News
On the basis of deep religious convictions taught to me under the shade of an ancient live oak tree in Moss Creek, I never, ever watch Fox!
Seriously... what was his strategy?
Fox? Why?
Great job Senator! We're with you!
Lindsey no one cares what you think.  Only POTUS counts.  Understand?
UGH
13 yrs. in the making. Do your country a favor & where your input is concerned don't make the strategy half assed like you did w/ healthcare
Lindsey you showed so much integrity until last night. You think we simply forgot his actions after that weak speech?
Another Vietnam ahead ...
I appreciate you backing our POTUS!
Glad you came around, @LindseyGrahamSC. Many sides to Afghanistan, many sides.
Lindsey,  please keep your babble to yourself. If wanted to hear your strategy on anything we would have elected you. We didn't so sit down.
Nope. Fox crazy.
Supporting the train wreck Trump. #shithead
You were on to stroke a misogynist, xenophobic, everything not him phobic racist. Proud of your President. You're a Hypocritical windbag.
Thanks for actually being positive. Keep it up
The secret service is out of money to protect Trump talk about that. How some of the secret service will have to work for no pay
@POTUS T,Melania,& Barron shld live at WH.We shld not support their lavish lifestyles in FL, NY, NJ.
I read that they moved into the WH after the school year ended.
Are you high? He has travelled more in 6 months to his golf clubs than Obama did in 8 years. And spent 100's of 1,000's more on security!
Is this directed at me? I was simply trying to correct the record that Barron and Melania moved to WH at least based on what I read recently
Anything to distract from the nightmarish catastrophe of your administration, eh? Clearly you #StillAllinWithTrump Senator Graham.
Hebrews 9:12
Not with the #blood of #goats and #calves, but with His own #blood He entered the Most #Holy Place once [1/2]
Politicians  need to refresh
and some just need to be kicked out for their dishonesty and treachery
Fake news station?
Senator Graham we need you to talk to congress about enacting the 25th amendment before Trump destroys America! #NotMyPresident
Senator Graham you spoke with truth tonight on fox news, thank you.
Can you please keep us out of another war.
You are a traitor to the people of SC and this country!!!!!  #MAGA
Because he's turned his back on what the people of SC voted him into office to do!!!!!  #MAGA #POTUSTrump

Don't bother Lindsey.  We could care less what you think.
I wouldn't be caught dead watching Faux News the original FAKE NEWS!
If you were as busy getting things done as you are on TV we might get more done.
Why???? Just so you can lick his ass more then you already have. #lameduckgop
Most voters in his district are not happy with him
Graham needs to work with our President to learn how to bring these numbers up. And learn how to keep his mouth shut. 2020 is  near.
South Carolina is the 10 poorest state in America. Horry County is in Grahams district and it is the lowest wage earning county in America
Had to get several I's in his speech -- shocking NOT
Fox
Why Faux News. You know they can't be trusted, audience is small...
You'll be disappointed in viewer ratings.  We're not even wasting our time watching him.
A photo speaks louder than words!
Did you get your talking points from Soros?
Also Senator, closets are for Clothes.
Let me guess...after Fox you will be on CNN then MSNBC trashing the oresident. Shameful
Fox News?....no thanks, no way
Let me guess, let's put 100k of our people back into an unwinnable war. #SovietUnion #America #MAGA
There is no win for us in Afghanistan.  #POTUS consistently urged exit. Consistently. Over and over.  Losing proposition.
Okay ...
You people don't pay attention to History. Look at the history of foreign troops in Afghanistan. Russia left, the British left.
Trump is robbing the American people blind!!!
Why not on a real news channel?
What needs to be discussed is why Americans are having to pay Trump companies for his vacations and security. Biggest scam by a president.
Tonight, Trump’s addressing the nation. Everyone should keep their eclipse glasses to protect eyes from the giant, orange ball of gas.
@frostpixie5 We need to just get out of that country  #war
Why not CNN or MSNBC? Why go on fake news?
We won't be watching, but thanks. Unless you put someone on national tv that knows what they are talking about.
I'll be watching the football game
We allow the Afgans to keep producing poppy's and the #1 problem in the US is opiod addiction. It seems like there is a solution available.
NO MORE WAR IN THE MIDDLE EAST!
Time to leave Afghanistan. That place is a tar pit. Monitor and strike the terrorists...then leave. But no permanent force.
Go on MSNBC and I will gladly watch.
To hear yourself talk 
Unfortunately I can't let my daughter watch the president live and I certainly wouldn't watch fake news fox.
Watching Animal Planet at 9:00pm Eastern time ... thanks anyway
Lindsey, what's so attractive about creating veterans. You don't go to war, you send other peoples children. Find a new cause!
Anywhere where there's a camera you'll find Graham. Cut the BS and support the president
Who cares what you have to say Lindsey? You hate our president may be you should just be quiet. At one point I thought very highly of you.
Why?
How about talking a  strategy to help American Citizens save our country from this destructive administration.
We don't want to hear from you @LindseyGrahamSC You are a traitor!
- You have had over 8 years to come up with an Afgan stra
This war is unwinnable. Trump doesn't want to be the POTUS that loses the war, so he throws more money & troops at it to put off the loss.
Why Fox?
Sorry Sir, but can't bring myself to watch anything on FOX, although I think very highly of you.
No one watches @FoxNews it's state run television
What about CNN
I for one don't give a rats *ss what Chump has got to say!  He lies so much!  Deserves no respect!  #NotMyPresident
Why FakeFox? Very few will believe you there! Won't watch you there.
You need to be on FoxNews talking about how to stabilize America and how you will help the President.
Are you going to hate bash him. I won't be watching.
Fix? No thanks.
We don't need you. 
@realDonaldTrump  religious wars are never ending. It will be going on when we are all dead and gone. don't waste any more lives.
It'll be different to hear somebody who has his head on after Trump shows us he hasn't found his yet
Good luck. I hope he is acting on good advice and making the right decision.
Yeah I knew State Media would have something going on!  They have to play cheerleader!
Sorry Senator, nobody in their right mind watches @FoxNews
Please nooooo please nooooo
clean up whatever mess he makes.
 for unity
Shut up . You are a dancer!
Um, you KNOW he's going to blame Obama at some point tonight...
The only strategy is to cut our losses and get out
I heard you are supporting the democrats attempt to mute the pres.  Please understand America will not forget your betrayal come re-election
Oh yay! Gonna say anything positive about our President?
Wish I could watch... fox is fake news why do you continue to promote & support #FakeNews when you know its a fraud?
#FakeNews
Prayers for our soldiers
Who cares, you globalist Bilderberger TRAITOROUS  SELL OUT!!!  
Why go on a fake news channel like Fox? Go on CBS, NBC, or ABC.
I won't be watching
Try to hold down your war boner... Maybe bring a change of pants? I know how much you like that war money!
Sorry Football is on @espn so gonna have to miss both. It's a politics free night!
I bet you can't win re-election! You are nothing more than a Democrat in Republican clothes.  MAGA!
Fox News? What a sorry excuse for a news channel.
I WILL BE 59 NEXT MONTH AND FOR THE FIRST TIME IN MY LIFE I AM ASHAMED AND MORE IMPORTANTLY "SCARED" NOT OF ANOTHER COUNTRY BUT THIS ONE!!
AM A LIFELONG DEM AND YOU HAD MY RESPECT FOR A "MINUTE" BUT THOSE COLORS ARE HARD TO HIDE. I LOVE MCCAIN HOPE HE HASNT FLIPPED AS WELL.  
Go on a real news station
Why it appear on a legitimate news network?
I SEE YOUR DEFENDING THE LUNATIC AGAIN... "SHAME" WAS GOING TO THANK YOU...BUT N/M!  #HURRYKARMA  #USANOTSAFEANYMORE  #DOSOMETHINGGOP 
Time for you to stop fighting Trump and work with him on his agenda. We are on the same side remember.
Taxes jobs wall. Do your job and vote for these
You will be on there to criticize everything he said
To interpret POTUS?  When toddler POTUS speaks, all we hear is "goo goo ga ga.  ME good!  You BAD!"
WE WILL LINDSEY
really msnbc nor CNN HAVE TIME FOR YOU Traitor Lady Linsey
I sincerely wish YOU were POTUS addressing the Nation, and Trump was talking to #FoxAndFriends in the morning!
BTW Jerk, there's plenty of non-Nazi, non-KKK, non-White Supremacist who are very nice people who don't want to see the statues removed.
I don't trust you.
Shut up and impeach, coward
Mr. Graham, i suspect that you are intelligent enough to know that fox is the fake news. Unfortunately, foxs' viewers arent.
You're not President so we don't need a Never-Trump rebuttal. Here's who you support
1/ Mattis, McMasters & Kelly created Afghan. Strategy NOT Trump who knows ZIP ABT Afgh. & military strategy. You're appear. on state media
Instead you should be speaking how @GOP is going to rid our nation of the narcissistic, racist man-child that's in the WH. #ResignTrump
You mean to undermine &backstab @POTUS?w/open primaries you're an illegitimate Republican selected by Dems.
Stop trying to destroy our healthcare you fascist supporting, Russian collaborating traitor!
We block offensive programming, top of the list @FoxNews. Maybe some day legitimate news will let you speak.
Why not go on a REAL news station, not a mouthpiece for trumps distorted views.  U were elected to serve the people not the tiny emperor.
Secret Service out of money, Infrastructure and Repeal & Replace abandoned, Nazi and White Supremacists, hate and bigotry. Afghanistan?
Why Fox......
You might find a more neutral platform!
Always on fox news? Are you afraid that you might piss some people off if you are on other networks?
Strategy? How many more decades of this un-winnable fiasco? How'd it work out for the Soveit Union in Afghanistan because that's our path.
That's what you think you'll be talking about... we shall see if @realDonaldTrump stays on point
When will you be on MSNBC?
Psst... @chrislhayes, should be easy to get R's on the show now. They love talking about war (just not healthcare).
What POTUS? We don't have a POTUS, do we? Go Gamecocks!
We demand Maria Racist Nadal to be expelled now. Fake Apology from a Nutjob Senator.
Thoughtful people do not watch Murdoch-owned #Foxnews because of it's overt partisan bias and science denial.
Pardon ... its partisan bias.  My bad.
Oh, no. Not Fox.
And I'll be sure not watch
Stop fighting @POTUS & start working w/him once & for all! Tired of you not working w/him & working against him! #disgrace
No one cares
Let's remind Trump that although we are concerned about ISIS & The Taliban, there are good people on both sides.
Ur a fraud
Says the man who was just exposed by WikiLeaks as being funded by Soros during the 2016 election!
I'll hold my breath Lindsey how dare you go on the propaganda fake news network how disappointing I thought you were serious.
And dont forget to pass a Bill to pay all those Secret Service wages that Trump used up in 8 MONTHS, as opposed to Obama in 8 YEARS!!
We have to defeat this never trumper
Keep this in mind.
You please talk about 4K isn't squat & we need to go big or go home & don't ramp up without an exit strategy & timetables kill our people.
VOMIT!  That's it, pass the bag.   U let Trump line his pockets & bankrupt the SS to travel to his properties & golf. Strip us of HC? BS
strategizin
@LindseyGrahamSC going on fox because they won't ask you the hard questions! Like racist remarks/division from Trump, LIES, travel spending
I'm sorry.  Lowest rated show ever.  You deserve better.
Go on MSNBC
...or non strategy.  It's time to bring our guys home  17yrs of training is enough for any group of morons.
I can't take any of this.  You have a egomaniac unfit for office and you guys want to talk about "regular business."  Sick
Is your strategy with McCain/Petraus to ship illegal weapons to Terrorists via Bulgaria Silk Way Air war4Profit
@csthetruth @TrishaDishes
And I won't be listening to you. Not until you start supporting POTUS.
@realDonaldTrump has proven he can't be trusted to tell the truth of any issue. I will NOT watch his live address 
#BlaçkoutTrump
Oh no...what will we all do..?..
Lindsey, you're the Rhino.
I'll be watching @maddow!
And will you address the loss of moral leadership?
Why Fox News sir?  There are more reputable news outlets that would certainly have you.
We are all very tired of watching & listening to Republicans throw our @POTUS under the bus!
It's been almost 20 yrs, maybe we should come to accept every major power has failed there and move on.
why don't you go on a real news channel instead of alternative-facts Fox News?
Fox News is not allowed in our home. Please find anotherr sponsor - one that does not endorse hate.
