Stop tweeting. It's annoying.
The fact that you are willingly & eagerly promoting the #GrahamCassidy Healthcare Bill, shows Americans what a sick, twisted man you are.
Have you even read the bill?
My representative has, and is against it for the reasons they have communicated to us, their constituents.
senators don't have the time or the inclination to read bills that are bigger than most bibles...socialized medicine is mediocre medicine
Hahaha! Ignorance is blessed! While it takes 6 years or less to become a doctor in Cuba, it takes up to15 years to become a doc in the US
As usual.  John McCain let the country down
Respond !!!

All true most be said out
But is really to raise money for your lawyers right?!
You want to save unborn babies, but you have no qualms about people dying if and when #ACA is repealed. You are heinous.
You are sick, you really only care for leftist agenda. You couldn't care less about real people!
I'm conservative.
Yes. Yes you are. A fair one.
I don't believe in the leftist agenda. Resist all you want, it won't matter.
I don't even know what the "leftist agenda" is. Lol.
You should pay more attention if you are going to comment.
I paid enough attention to know you have zero sense of humor.
Get me my fucking help already
Please, end the #MuellerInvestigation. Why? Wasting Tax $$$ on a Democratic campaign fundraiser. Look at the Nat'l debt! 
#MAGA
Exactly! Legal USA taxpayers $$$ is wasted on this witchhunt. Sessions/DOJ need to end it!

Hello @VP ,  Twitter users have questions for you.  Care to respond??? Totally and utterly unimpressed by you.  Respond to the people!!!
A vote for yes equals 'I (personally) will die.
#GrahamCassidy Needs to FAIL!!!  PLEASE -VOTE NO!!!!
oh my word... ppl replying that IN needs to ask him about  his lies/hubris/hypocritical actions/ We know. we know.
he has lied and wasted our $ for years. or as he says "an understandable misunderstanding" http://www.peacock-panache.com/2015/01/a-silent-partner-speaks-in-gov-pence-10688.html …
You are certified Chaplain  interesting because you don't sound like representing Jesus 
Nope I don't - chaplains value respect your faith - with Pence can't deny facts
Hellow
Good
I live in Indiana. I'd like to say something to @VP Suck it. We don't want you here.
Pence you are very creepy and not at all religious. Stop play acting like a descent human being.
Hi Mr Pence, what do you think of Mr LaPage from Maine?
Go ahead and bury your head in the sand!!!!
Do you read the responses from your tweets??
Please hold open town hall so that all of us can speak...Hoosiers want to keep HIP 2.0

A vote 'yes' equals a death sentence for me.
Stop calling it a "healthcare bill"
There's no CARE about it
If this healthcare bill is going to cost Our Federal Gov. More Money than know deal. What is the problem with Senator Rand Paul proposal?
Please stay away, haven't you already done enough damage here?
Business doesn't agree that "trickle down" will lead to more hiring
Hope you're working on reluctant republicans too
PLEASE don't give rich people tax cuts by cutting off health care for the poor and those of us with preexisting conditions. It is wrong.
U like this bill b/c it will kill poor ppl,no meds,or docs.only the rich r entitled2live a healthy life.what is wrong with u hypocrite....
...stop saying u r a christain,it's easier4a camel2go though the eye of a needle then a rich man2get2heaven,u r causing ppl2lose their souls
Bible tells us take care of The widows&children2 help the poor,if they ask4a shirt give them a coat&ask4nothing in return.HELL HAS A SPOT4U!
Ride on

Are you going to tell them that they will lose healthcare or are you going to continue to lie to them and the rest of America
tax cuts for your rich buddies
Ugh! No trust in GOP with tax reform. GOP party for the rich only.
Mikey, either you're dumber than I thought, or a liar (probably the latter). NO one, including insurers, thinks Trumpcare III is a winner.
Hola adelante por una América grande
Are you sure they'll let you in?  Have heard they can't stand you.
VP has told way too many untruths in his service to his Ego and Power. Sad
#GrahamCassidy #RepealAndReplace = No.
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer = Winner, winner: dinner
#Obamacare = #ACA § 1312
#TaxReform
#VPinIN
Would love to discuss with officials what we have experienced...dreading our renewal next month
Poor Indiana
They hate you!!
i pray that gos is with you always sir
Please stay there.
When you talk about the Health Care Bill think of my son on Medicaid suffering w/MS & Schizophrenia. Tell the truth for once! #GrahamCassidy
God bless you, Mr. Vice President!
If Graham Cassidy is so good, then drop your current Government healthcare plan paid for by taxpayers. We should all have the same coverage.
I haven't seen this many people against a bill since Cosby.
Don't you mean heading to Indiana tomorrow to meet w/ biz leaders & families to LIE to them?
After the states get control of Medical,  drug prices will come down dramatically
Question Guarantee? We agree on one thing we can't trust the president!
You were a joke on FOX! You could not even answer the questions! Disgusting trying to screw Americans to pass a bill!

Be very brave @VP, go to TX or GA to discuss #GrahamCassidyBill instead of your own Hoosiers or the Midwest... and #StopRidingPOTUSCoatail
God bless you. Pray for you daily
Stop trying to exterminate the poor

Yes #HealthcareIsAHumanRight #HealthCareForAll @SenJohnMcCain @DeanHeller @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenCapito #SinglePayer #healthcare
NO #GrahamCassidyBill
What about the debt? What about the deficit? The debt was coming down during Obama's term.
I hope it works as well as when you try to convince John McCain on Senate floor the last time! You are irrelevant. Listen to Joe Donnelly.
3 more years of lies.. help your Americans not demolish them. Horrible.. 
peace  of  God  Jesus  with  you .I  was  and  still  glad  having   as  hand  of  God  to  people  of  America  Dr.w.poutrs  refuge.
NO to tax reform that gives tax cuts to millionaires and corporations at our expense.
NO to #GrahamCassidy that KILLS millions of Americans
Pants on fire
Pence inaccurately claims 'thousands' of counties have no choice of health care provider   | via @thinkprogress
https://thinkprogress.org/pence-inaccurate-health-care-comments-80e7aa2900e9/ …








Hope your finances become as bankrupt as your heart and soul. Legal defense is co$tly! #criminalinvestigation #CINO #ByeFelicia
Whynot ask each if they have a pre-condition?
Tax code, s great start
Please don't lie to them. Just tell them the truth, that you have to pass this bad health care bill in order to give the rich a tax cut.
Fixed the last bit for you.  #GrahamCassidy death care bill.

It's not about politics its about morality don't allow the elite's divide and conquer tactics to work the love of $is the route to all evil
The rich elite wants a tax cut by any means necessary GOP has sold out for $$$ they're willing to let millions of Americans die or lose INS
Hi I'm Mike, the mindless and heartless prick that pretends to care about you but actually doesn't give a shit.
Make sure to share this video! you all, should be ashamed of yourselves!
Do me a favor-share this with Donald Trump. He blocked Laura so we need to make sure he gets this video message. 
Praying for you.
Sorry, @vp, your answer on Fox & Friends was bullshit. This bill will affect millions of people and 1/6 of the US economy. It stinks. Shame!
Do NOT SIGN ON TO C/G bill The HOUSE bill was the one!!
Will you recycle the fake Thomas Jefferson quote?
Get outta our faces hypocrite
GOD Bless you


Need funding for your legal representation
Don't tell me....they'll all be white?
Why is it fine with you that the sickest people will be charged more than they could afford? #death plan
Pence, like other Republicans, you went on TV to hawk Graham-Cassidy & evaded a basic question on pre-existing conditions. Very cowardly
You and fake Christan conservatives will still find a way to screw it up for most of the nation. The wealthy will make out "bigly".
please stay away, stay in washington, get ready for your golden bracelets!
Are you going to talk about literally every stakeholder-doctors, insurers, medicaid directors, hospitals-are saying NO to #TrumpDeathCare?
Gingrich: Americans should be frightened by unmasking
Are you going to talk about 1.75 million vets on medicaid losing healthcare and choking the VA? Thought not. #TrumpPenceDeathCare
God bless and Godspeed!  
Wish @SenateGOP were as productive as @VP @POTUS & @nikkihaley  The @SenateGOP has AnalysisParalysis. A bunch of kicking cans down the road

Pence is a liar. He saw Elijah Cummings' letter about Flynn. He knows what FARA and FISA stand for. He's dirty, and going down. https://twitter.com/JuddLegum/status/910864380681768965 …
The new health care plan as it stands should never be approved, it is not in the best interest of "We The People". RN
Please don't come here. It literally takes weeks for us to get the stains out and calm down the birds once you leave. Anti-christ scares 'em
What you really mean is you're planning to lie your ass off, just as you've done for Trump
Collusion. Russia. You're involved. You're going down.
Karma is a bitch, Pence. Mueller is going to be our country's savior from you and Trump. Stay tuned...It's coming...
Lol. Loser.
Everyone and their mama has already said it is terrible. So what is your reason to continue pushing a bill hurtful to Americans?
Spreading lies and Propaganda
But why not stay home and go to the Echostage anniversary. Loosen up some, 45.5. http://www.echostage.com/ 
How do you feel about what will be your mounting legal fees while the RNC & re election funds being used to pay Trump family legal fees?
PENCE, ISN'T INDY YOUR STATE? GOING TO SCREW THEM OUT OF HEALTHCARE TOO HUH? Need the vacation money, huh? You'll kill for it?
Do you know barnacles like rocks?
My, you speak with a silvery, forked tongue. I really hope you enjoy the afterlife, I hear the climate down there can be brutal.
On Fox News, Pence argues surveillance of Trump’s campaign chairman  vindicates Trump. He’s wrong.  https://www.yahoo.com/news/m/3acfe02b-e32e-38b7-85c0-802d8f6dca25/ss_on-fox-news%2C-pence-argues.html …
Tax reform begins with tax returns. What is the traitor hiding? As for health care, America says, #SaveACA #noGrahamCassidy
Stop by my gay bakery. I'm saving you a cream horn.
In other words you will be attending a fundraiser filled with your corporate puppet masters and rich oligarchs?
We don't want Govt in our healthcare that's it and stop trying - give us the choice to figure it out
Welcome home!
Hey Mike Pence,
Just exactly how is your supposed Christian faith evident in a single piece of legislation you've endorsed?  it's invisible.
Thank God we have A True Christian V.P ,He is Sun Ray of Hope for this Nation .
YES...A  VP IN THE CLOSET THAT HIDES BEHIND THE BIBLE
Don't forget the real beneficiaries: The very rich. We know you're in their pocket, traitor Dominionist.
Safe travel and prayers for you and you family. Thank you for serving as VP the right man at the right time
Hey, how's Manafort these days. Figured you two are tight, seeing as how you're his hand-picked VP.
If you don't go down with Trump, we're coming after ur homophobic ass next! It may take a while,but you should hire more lawyers just n case
Also, he's so sorry he voted for you or your boy. This is how you treat your supporters, you fake! 
Has this VP read any bill lately or just doing lip work blah blah blah
If you’re so confident about this bill, why not allow debate? If you want it to meet needs of the people, send Sens. home for town halls.
What's it like to know you'll be the next president?
You're amazing and so loved!!


And tax cuts for the wealthy. Stop sabotaging ACA. Be for the people and country not the donors! Please do your job.
What is wrong with this administration? Making it tougher to navigate healthcare.

Another con-job. For shame - you're nothing but a slimy charlatan #StopTheTrumpAbomination #ExposeTheCharlatans #ImpeachPence #ImpeachTrump
"Somebody" is going to prison. When that happens I'll thank your imaginary god.
You are the epitome of hypocrisy... God sees everything!!!
There's nothing right about what u r doing. How do dare call yourself a Christian, how do u look in the mirror?
You are really headed there to attempt to hurt children and senior citizens by removing their healthcare. You r just a hypocrite.
Just shut up already and go away. You're a horrible man and a liar who doesn't give a shit about "life."
BLAH,BLAH,BLAH, BLAH...Who are you trying to convince you are doing something?
Perhaps you can speak with some disabled folks while you're there
another junket to Indiana.
You shouldn't call yourself Christian. GC is pure evil.
It's good you are an alt-Christian without a soul.  It makes it easier to lie about #trumpcareKILLS just like you lie about everything.
I guess the folks in Indiana don't care about Medicaid but your Ohio neighbors do. Vote "no" on #GrahamCassidy.
