My suggestion.fix ACA ,enact certain mandatory guidelines nationwide so states like KY and Ms. Deliver HC to their residents as they should
Let states dictate their health care needs.
https://dolphinhealthmart.com/product/buy-percocet-10mg/ …>;buy percocet 10mg/
https://dolphinhealthmart.com/product/buy-adderall-30mg/ …>;buy adderall 30mg/
https://dolphinhealthmart.com/product/buy-xanax-2mg-online/ …>;buy xanax 2mg/
# Ordering
We all want just what healthcare you have. Or, perhaps you're willing to accept what that plan gives us for yours? Oh, yeah, exemption. 
Although there are BASIC needs that are universal: immunizations, sexual health, pregnancy, prescriptions, etc... these can't be cut
Ridiculous and specious argument: we're talking about human health.  People are the same in every state DUH!!!!!!!!!
Bullshit! Same dx run across america. What a stupid analogy!
Most funds will go to those who do not work and already on welfare. Those people are already better off than working poor.
Maybe if CEOs of ins companies didn't make millions of $ a year, they wouldn't have to charge so much on premiums for better coverage.
False equivalent. States are not human beings. Stop reviving the principles of the confederacy. It lost
Is it really too much to ask for Americans to have the same access to medical coverage as their elected representatives?
No it's not! We should all have the same healthcare, but the insurance companies and big pharma are keeping that from being a choice. 
And they are only allowed to do that because of the $$$ given to politicians and lobbyists.
Lindsey, youre lying! If you really want to get money out of Washington, STOP taking checks from BIG PHARMA and INSURANCE companies.
The health needs of human beings are UNIVERSAL... Only an idiot would claim otherwise. Stop trying to 'marketize' health...
Do better by Jesus Christ.
But a bankruptcy-resulting when young semi-covered man goes broke 4 lack of real covg. gets hurt r sick-will destroy his credit in Ca & Va.
Not if its a good plan.  If you cant come up w one, retire!
Are you willing to accept whatever insurance is available in SC rather than get your gold plan from the D.C. Small business group?
SINGLE PAYER WORKS FOR US ALL.
Call BS
The basics, though, must be federally guaranteed. We cannot have citizens denied affordable health ins becuz of which state they live in!
With respect, sir, how is treating brain cancer different for John McCain in, say, California vs. Virginia? Cancer kills, no matter where.
States don't get sick. The don't pat my insurance or my deductibles. Separate Medicaid and insurance for working people in sins mrkt
Give all a card and the doc will figure out the treatment, give me a break. We're wise to the BS
What does Putin prefer?
He has the pinko commie Obama plan! 
But each and every one of us should have access to affordable health care. A senator is no better than a hotel maid.
Single payer works for EVERYONE.
As you know there are more than 2 patients the same in every state and states will treat those same patients differently - ensure equality
great idea. 52 health insurance systems, 52 reimbursement systems, 52 sets of regulations, 52 different sets of standards and practices...
Respectfully, I think you would need to explain why one American deserves better healthcare than another American.
Why any American deserves coverage more than another... Why the government would leave states to fend for themselves in pursuit of life...
Exactly. Health care needs may be different. Insurance coverage should be same. Everyone wants good coverage at lowest possible cost
Concur on all of this.  And my state of Texas will leave healthcare in the shitter with education 
Pure ignorance !
Who, you? Larry, with the little mind and who knows  what else! 
Nope. You are conflating the issue. You should talk to a sociologist to see how flawed this analogy is.
Wrong. If u live in a state run badly ( KS, Gov Brownback) Fed standards like essen benefits, no caps on coverage and covering poor a must!!
Bullshit.  Everyone in this country is entitled to healthcare.  Making it a state issue is repubs way of not providing healthcare
It's about the first time I ever agreed with this bitter, loser RINOrat! Repeal this monstrosity & let the states do their own plan.
NO AMNESTY FOR ILLEGALS

What is wrong with you? #BuildTheWall #DeportThemAll

Just resign already.
You're saying you fine legislators aren't able to figure out plan that would work ? Or just making an excuse to not do so?

Sure, like those making the rules do not listen to their employers. What happens to people like that? The employees that lie and are unfit?
Keep it strictly financial need based. Like Pell Grants. Work on it.
Are you talking out of 2 sides of your mouth? The needs of all Americans in healthcare should be taken into consideration!
WE want debate on single payer insurance .
This is flawed thinking - USA will never have the single payer debate as long as the ins cos and pharma own our elected peeps.
Nah.
Come on let's go!
So disheartening.  Mr.  Graham your party is becoming a "laughing stock".  And the dems are loving it.   Difficult, yes.  Unattainable no.
California is a magnet for all those seeking free stuff, a nice place to camp out in the woods, litter, + start fires.
Before our real estate agent let slip that Athens GA is a blue town in a red state, we were considering a goodbye CA.
Insurance, illness, doctors, medicine are the SAME in every state. GET the fed govt out of healthcare. End Medicaid expansion govt subsidies
I live in SC and all my friends and I will vote @LindseyGrahamSC out of office if he does not get the job done.  Get it done !!
Repeal it... as you promised #noexcuses
Go to work and get something done. GOP Congress needs to deliver on it's promises.
You mean antibiotics work differently in VA vs CA? Appendectomies are done differently?
People in CA will have coverage while your constituents in SC will die.  Is that what you mean?
How would you know
-- Get the Fed out of it, and let States handle their own Healthcare. Wake up!
Ya think?
,,Belated Happy Birthday!
also , just give us what you have as a Senator . If you leave the job do you keep your healthcare? Or will you be without?
, you are a Senator from
SC and Rubio is a from Fl., but you choose from the same plans? All of us should have that option.
Agree @LindseyGrahamSC Think it's time for #bipartisan conversation, right? PLZ get unbending in a room and make em bend.Cheering 4 U fromCA
Medical bankruptcy is acceptable in some states and not in others?
Results of a pre-ACA National Study http://bit.ly/swQjk6 
The 3 in 5 Americans who will be diagnosed with cancer (SEER) do not need access to treatment if they live in VA?
Single payer system, find a way to tax items/charge people based on taking risks. Overeating, smoking, excessive drinking, drugs...
hang gliding, racing 4-wheelers, extreme sports handled differently than cancer, birth defects, MS, auto-immune diseases, etc.
BS Lindsay! It can when your Republican Governors work for the needs of their people & not party loyalty.
So can't we then apply that same logic to taxes
Why? If have a heart attack in Virginia or California I need the same care. I don't get that argument.
Scale, scope, accessibility, etc. I hope that never happens to you, sir.
A Pete tweet. Sweet!
Or Demark, or Germany, or France, Norway, Sweden, Finland, etc right???? We don't deserve basic care like over there
You support GOP care for the wealthy- no longer counting on you to stand for the people.
The GOP Is out of touch with what Americans need for health care.
Then it should be a free market. You decide what you need.
I've lived in 9 states in my adult life. My healthcare plans have all been super similar and so have my needs. #coughbullhonkey
We need single payer system...and trump to be gone
So you choose to do nothing? That's safe! For now.
As u are very well aware, UR OWN CONSTITUENTS here in SC would receive paltry care under ur plan! Ur motives here r purely self-serving!
That's a disingenuous statement without any basis in fact. Back. It. Up. Signed, a Texan/Californian.
That true!
Every American deserve to be treated for sickness or an accident and to receive preventive care regardless of the state they live.
That is false.  Can you give one example?
The same everywhere: Vultures circle when you're injured, sick or dying.  Medical profiteers. They have @GOP & @TheDemocrats by the balls.
I'm pretty sure human beings live in both Virginia & California. Explain how if I move from one state to the next my Healthcare needs change
Tell you what Sen. Graham, I'll give up my health care plan when you give up yours.
Why should my premiums, deductible, and copay amounts in S.C. be more or less than N.C. or Maine?
Please get off Trump Punch!!!
Explain how prostate cancer is different in Texas vs. South Carolina vs. Washington please?
I heard y'all voted to exempt yourselves from whatever healthcare plan you pass. You need to be on the same plan as us common people.
Duh ? Way to stand up for repeal and replace. Guess what needs to be replaced ?
Then why are you scared of repealing Obamacare?
And some Senators work for some states and some don't for the others 2018
Sorry, Mr. Graham but u are incorrect. It won't work in current system but u have the power to change the system to a single payer
What they have different diseases in different states. Come on now you're just reaching...please. we're not stupid like trump
The Constitution CLEARLY puts the responsibility w/FEDERAL GOVT to promote the General Welfare of the People, not the States. READ IT.
Why is that. Humans are humans. Diseases are the same across the country
Yes or no sir, do you support repeal vote? Don't equivocate just give straight answer.  We deserve to know
I would agree if you weren't South Carolina's Senator, my Senator. Our state wouldn't do justice for our people's health.
Much in the same way that we've failed our education system or our infrastructure, our healthcare would be abysmal.
Lord help the citizens of SC if our state ever has autonomy over its "health care needs." Our people would suffer at the hands of simpletons
People are people. And all deserve care. If we fail to care for each other, how can we call ourselves civilized?
I am DONE hearing healthcare & tax break for millionaires in same sentence OR context.  America needs to pay our bills AND take care of ppl
AND that might mean a tax INCREASE for millionaires, billionaires and the able middle.
Not a plan. Murky concept.  Let's see the plan.
The GOP should have been prepared for this. U have had 7 yrs to perfect a plan. Healthcare policy is for country, not just the Republicans
Why not ??
That is not how insurance companies actually work @LindseyGrahamSC 

And #TrulyConservative #GOPFail #RaceToTheBottom is a fool's errand
Instead of back seat driving why Don't you jump in and get changes made that gets vote done, donating to your primary opponent is on agenda
The health care system in Virginia is not up to what it's citizens need. They desparately need  EXPANDED MEDICAID in rural areas.
Ok, create something that all states comply with, not all going to get what they want, not possible
SHAZAM!
Sorry, this comment makes zero sense.  Your talking to the insurance companies not to the people.
It's. all Federalism and it works. Give us a Health care plan!!!
They used to say the same thing about civil rights, segregation, and slavery.
Single payer basic coverage -- indivual supplemental coverage to take care of different needs. States have nothing to do with it.
Are you insinuating that illnesses and disabilities act differently across state lines? It's not states' needs -- it's individuals' needs.
Please sir, just shut up your mouth.
SC is known for being at the bottom of the list in many regards on important issues. We need universal health care coverage requirements.
Why can't we get what you have. There is your bill. We would all love it
Seems to me that Medicare and Medicaid work nationally. Let's try universal for a while and see how we like that... huh?
Think it is time to replace senators that will not work with Trump and work for America best interest.Need to form committees now
Are you trying to say that bcse Cali is a blue lib state that PAYS and SC is a red state that doesn't that SC can't do what Cali can ? Blue
Good talking point, but the fact is everyone will end up in a hospital.  Doesn't matter what state you live in. Simple stuff Mr. Senator.
Then why the fuck do other nations have NATIONAL health care? Was I in the Texas Navy? #ThisVetLoathesYou #SinglePayerNow
then make the current ACA work.  it's not that hard.  do what is right for the people that put you in office.
don't forget to remind people that red states like SC bleed money from the Federal Gov't, while "elite" states like CA ADD to it! #inners
Ask Sen McCain how much his brain surgery cost and then ask yourself how poor people in SC would pay for same op? #inners #obamacarelives
We're still looking for a hero in the @GOP , got a cape? #ImpeachTrumpNow
bullshit.  How is melanoma different between me and someone in California?
#SinglePayer
Stop. Please.
Yeah, what we need is an even more fragmented healthcare system.  Good call, Lindsey!  
But if I have a preexisting condition in Virginia, I can't move to California to get care.  Party over people will be your legacy.
Baloney
Didn't know that cancer changed once you crossed state lines. Oh, are you referring to your coverage vs. mine?
South Carolinians need to fire you and take away your benefits.
Just wondering if you're going to keep your promise to your state and don't allow hundreds of thousands of SCins get kicked off medicaid.
Yea so the states that loath their most vulnerable citizens can squeeze them to do less with less. You want to create a race to the bottom
1/ There's some truth to what he says. At the same time, the whole debate is foolish. It's all about "payer models" when the underlying cost
True to an extent, however states are immovable and citizens are mobile.  This may seem like an inane comment but is of significance. (1)
Repeal it.
why am I not reading any replies from you to your constituents?
The American People want a healthcare plan crafted in public view, that reflects the needs of both genders and views of both parties. ACA2.0
Then back to basics!  Just repeal AHA and let the states take it back
Wort together and fix what you have. We all agree it needs fixed. Then slap yourself on the back and call it what the fuck you want.
Regarding to your example, what solutions from CA or VA would not work in SC? Sounds like you simply want to limit regulation, federal gvt.
What state you live in has nothing to do with healthcare needs.Humans live in both CA and in VA.They are going to need the same coverage 2/2
You're wrong on this - human needs are universal - healthcare should answer thst need and be universal too. 1/2
That's ridiculous! We need national healthcare. I've had to travel to other states to get the best care for my daughter.
Is this like ones step away from #Eugenics?
We don't need philosophy.  We need you to fix the ACA to work for all of us.  We don't need it repealed.  DO YOUR JOB!
I disagree: when you're sick; you need the same care regardless of where you live!
A Nation is not its Capital City or its biggest city or its richest city, a Nation is all of its people and some States do things different
BUT you should be assured of EQUAL quality of care regardless of where you live...
What a ridiculous pronouncement
You are so wrong. And you know nothing about healthcare! If that was true why do politicians have FEp healthcare?
Everyone should have access to comprehensive coverage regardless of where they live.
LINDSEY WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO GET THIS LIEING RUSSIAN CROOK OUT OF @WhiteHouse ??? GET SOME BALLS AND REMOVE HIM
My mom has Medicare. When she moved out of state the change was negligible. Her needs stayed the same-so did her coverage. I want that too.
That's so amazingly stupid I proved the need for more school funding if people actually believe it.
Who are you undercutting now?
nothing works in california--bad analogy
Yes it can. Ppl should not have to move for better health insurance.
Fight for US and us Lindsey!
Nothing GOP has to say about healthcare is worth listening to. You've had 7+ years to come up with a workable & compassionate answer -ZERO
Then pass health care and let the states handle their own
This is handing off a problem you have the ability to solve. And it won't help the people.
Federalism in healthcare is not in a red state resident's best interest. You know that, Senator.
thank you for a logical  approach ... please stand firm and keep showing the american people a strength of character ...
I dont understand that- do peeps on Utah have diff health issues than peeps in S Carolina - or Cal than Maine? Please explain.
So it should be Grahamcare!!!
@SenateGOP @AynRandPaulRyan @Morning_Joe @PreetBharara WHAT WILL WORK IS IMPEACHING TRUMP GET COMRADE TRUMP OUT OF OFFICE
This is a tax bill - nothing to do with healthcare
I take care of my health best I can. Why should I pay same rate as someone who abuses their body and brags about it the next day? That's BS!
1st, health insurance is not healthcare. 2nd, i thought republicans wanted health insurance to be able to cross state lines.
It's about states' needs now? How many ways can you find to avoid the efficient and simple single payer for peoples' needs?
Shuffling off the constitutional right to life, to state mgt. is cowardly & says the legislature is inept. Thought you were the smart one!
SO LET THEM CONSTRUCT THEIR OWN!!! #repeal
Why?
So how would a system that can support 38 million people (cali pop.) not be able to support 8.5 million people? (Virginia pop.)
The written word clearly not your strong suit, Mr. Graham.
Agreed sir but let's work in a bipartisan fashion and fix the system thats in place. You can't kick 23 million people out of the game
