@ObamaWhiteHouse, made efforts to break apart Russia and Israel. Your hypocrisy is showing.
@MarkPare5 @LindseyGrahamSC why are we not demonizing Russia! The brutal killers. Trump is getting his way regarding Russia!
We have #Bannon & Bekah #Mercer right here at home trying to do same
Overthrowing Liberal World Order and replacing it with R-Wing authoritarianism is the goal. #Mercer #Bannon http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/to-block-trump-play-a-bigger-game_us_589c03bce4b02bbb1816c330 … 
I'm a moderate independent and if both Repubs/dems followed ur lead US would function better. Level headed
@NonaHarman @LindseyGrahamSC who woke this guy up how is he saying stuff I can agree with
if Russia has to be punished for interference in our election those who benefited from it should b punished 2
I don't like Graham but I am behind him ref the attached...Finding Trump's involvement is paramount!
thank you for speaking up & explaining the danger to democracy that Russian interference poses.
u are democrate change ur party or be quite
OK, the GOP doesn't have only rich crooks. She's dead in the water,can weove on?
WHERE IS YOUR PROOF?? Shut up unless you have proof. We need Russia to help us fight ISIS.
we don't need Russia for anything
some people might says that is what demons do: to break democracies
why don't you investigate the democrats an the mainstream media connection
since when are we so sensitive to Russia's feelings? FUCK THEM
Russians 1st concern should B-Putin living billionaire lifestyle using their money while they live in squalor
FAKE NEWS!
@william4manu @LindseyGrahamSC Hahaha. Putin does a great job demonizing Russia.
Thank you for having some integrity on this issue!
keep fighting the good fight @LindseyGrahamSC this constituent appreciates you!
may yet save this country .
Lindsey go hug your senile partner and war mongering fool McCain
@MarkWarner @SenJohnMcCain Citizens United + Gorsuch: how long before Russia owns 3 Branches US Gov't?
@realDonaldTrump well u should let the dems know they are working for the russians - peaceful xfer of power
You need to expose the Democrats. They are the ones trying to ruin this democracy.
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC you McCain and liberals are the one trying to minimize democracy
We demonize Russia, but somehow cow-tow to Iran. You can't make this up.
@MzNikkiNew @LindseyGrahamSC Oh, that's well said Sen. Very well said!
Only Graham, McCain and Cruz have stood up to Trump. When will the rest of the GOP do the same?
Lindsay Graham has done nothing for American people
He is as always obsessed with Russia
b.s.
Actually,some people prefer demonizing Russia than asking for a better protected&more sophisticated systems.
Thank you for your courage to do the right thing! Let the truth be your guide.
Please carefully investigate this. The sanctity of the nation is at stake.
THERES NO EVIDENCE THEY AFFECTED OUR ELECTION WUTSOEVER U NIT WIT
Never thought I would be hitting the "heart" button on Lindsey Graham clip.
@LindseyGrahamSCLindsey Graham,HERO!
Putin's the demon not Russians
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC no, you are trying to cast doubt for a legitimate presidency and to politic for personal gain.
@PrettyFootWoman @LindseyGrahamSC Ms. Graham, we ARE demonizing Russia. Go ahead. You do it.
"WE"? Since when can Lindsey legitimately say he's helped the GOP in anything? He's a RINO in sheep's clothing
Thank you Senator Graham!
LIAR. I guess you forgot that there are pictures of YOU with russians
I truly admire @LindseyGrahamSC for speaking out when so many stay silent. #Resist
weren't we the ones that hacked/listened to Germany??
Sir, thank you for standing up for America. Good to know there are conservatives with class & integrity left.
I think we need to look in our own back yard,you and McCain have become pro democrat,may you need investigated
and even if you are demonizing who the fuck cares. If the shoe fits
WHERE is THE EVIDENCE???
Putin, however, IS a demon of the 1st order. Trump is an admirer turned collaborator.
America must find its sense of moral outrage and courage once again.
Appreciate Senator Graham sharing this live feed. Keep seeking for the truth.
And what of CIA/NSA use of spoofing tools? Go Away Granham. You don't understand modern day computer system.
pot meet kettle. Ask the CIA what they have been doing for the past 100 years globally especially in S.America
They are attacking us left and right and Trump prefers to have Ivanka blow Putin than consider the situation!
Such breaking news: Russians do bad things. While you add spice to the Democrat's cockamamie horse shit.
the question is what will be the response of congress on the attack of our democracy?
Is this where we are? Having U.S. officials protecting Russia from "demonization" U do remember Russia..right?
How about the illegal wiretaps that our own Government does on political foes?
It's not demonizing if it's true.
FAKE NEWS - Lindsey is a woman scorned.  She and her boyfriend McCain should defect to Syria.
hush !!!!
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC! start with your leader and push for an independent counsel on trump/russian ties
name 1 democracy it has broken apart
When @LindseyGrahamSC becomes the voice of reason ...
Thank you, @LindseyGrahamSC, for being the ONLY #GOP committee chair so far to show any morals or courage. Pls stick w it! 
@OwenColby Lindsey might save us yet
.  C'mon Senator, this isn't your first rodeo....They've been doing this crap for 60+ yrs.
How about you expose what we do to implement democracies. Hypocrite.
The US has written the book on interfering with elections.
. Major Loser
Better be careful since our CIA has done plenty of meddling  and so has your man Obama.
Thank you Senator.

yup hypocritical losers. Actually major losers. Both need to go.  Smarten up America.
Thank you Senator Graham for your service and explaining why the Russian interference matter!
How that going to happen when our president worships Putin and Russia
While you are it, expose what the collusion between MSM and the Democratic Party have done to our country.
NOTHING.
find it hard Russia would make it so easy to detect them!! Just saying...
CIA and their footprints....#Vault7
ask the kid about a static IP
Well, if Russia is illegally hacking, interfering in elections and putting out fake news, demonize Russia.
Damn, he better be careful,  people will start calling him progressive.
Oh, they already are and have been for some time.
The actual term is neo-con.  Regardless, they all work together.
This is a bot. Always check amount of followers
You are quite far from the truth.  But have fun with that.
Go Senator Go!
This guy wants WW3 so bad
Or; he's tired of being pushed around!
Seems fishy that all anti-world bankers are evil...hmm..
If Putin's at the top of the White House pyramid and Ben Carson's at the bottom where grain is stored, where's Trump?
