republicans are humiliating those who voted and raised money for them  AGJeff Sessions is beside the point
it's over as of today the repubs have turned on trump. it's only a matter of time now.
I stand with Pres. Trump  He will win for middle class working Americans
U r not listening u r watching CNN MSNBC outlets that r pretty much dem from top to bottom try watching Fox news or OAN  (balanced  &Fair)
i love all people and don't want u to think i am a mean person my heart hurts for all who suffer &  thank you for talking with me today
Thank you Senator for speaking up. I don't always agree with J Sessions but that's no way to treat him or anyone. So rude.
@GOP leakers nervous w @Scaramucci #DrainTheSwamp must include removal of @LindseyGrahamSC SMH @potus can fire Sessions and Mueller at WILL
It's funny Trump has been bullying & smearing good people all along but as soon as it's one of them they stand up?  Either way, about time!
I'm African American and an Independent and I like this Lindsey Graham, he just tell it like it is, I like this guy
Yeah don't humiliate him for doing nothing.
CaityBird, You don't know what most American think; psychic or psycho? Sessions is a good man who had NO reason to recuse himself. Replace!
You are wrong a lot of people love what the President is doing. He has done more than Obama has ever did
Actually, most do like what Trump is doing.  You'll see come next election. Corporations line your pockets but we vote.
Being angry at someone, Is Not the same as "Humiliating" someone.  Don't become exaggerated like Democrats
FALSE
This good, horribly racist man... Trump is wrong, but let's not act like Sessions is a human. He is one sheet away from the KKK.
Us peons are sick of the JUSTUS and lack of justice in DC 
Us peons owe $329,961.34 Per Household Total Government And Personal Debt 
enough
Sorry, most do!!!  Who elected the never Trumpers President?  What did I miss this past election.  Their arrogance has made them nutty loons
Senator, its a shame that it's taken you so long to take a stand against Trump. What he is doing to the AG is typical, but the GOP just sits
I may not agree with things Sessions says, but he don't need to be treated this way.  No one deserves this treatment!! Maybe Trump does.
Anyone who still supports or stands with the GOP deserves far worse.
It's pretty obvious that Lindsey Graham doesn't have a clue what's going on. Funny, to many of us Trump supporters, we see the real story!
Quiet Cletus, the grown ups are talking.
Wrong, most @realDonaldTrump supporters, support his decisions. Sick of weak, or dishonest people in key positions. Many see Sessions, weak.
Holy hell to pay, love this guy
When u become president than u deal w your AG however u want. Until then GFYS
RINOs like Lindsey call for investigation for meeting AG so the counseling and direction is now public. @POTUS is outstanding! #MAGA
If this is true, then it is legitimate grounds for a firing!!! This HUGE conflict of interest should not be allowed under ANY circumstances!
#WeThePeople LUV #AG_Sessions BUT r #SOLD_OUT & #DC_Establishment TOOK over #PHONY_Investigation #USA is their HOSTAGE! SICK 2stir unrest!
My level of what Lady Lindsey says is really, really low.
There are OTHER sound reasons to protect the integrity of this investigation!  https://www.c-span.org/video/?431852-1/william-browder-overturning-magnitsky-act-putins-top-priority …
Sessions needs to go to work and clean up his department.
I don't like what Trump is saying, but Sessions is not a "good man". He has a history of racism and lied to the Senate under oath.

WE LOVE #AG_Sessions Integrity BUT 2PERMIT CRIMNALS #OPEN_LAWLESSNESS 2RIP APART #VotersLEGAL_2016ElectionVICTORY is CONSENT 2USURP USA! @VP
Seems now he's a tv personality...not sure what he's doin for S.C.
Good men don't use the power available to them to support and continue racist policies under the guise of national security/American justice
Lindsey, you call Sessions a good man when he is a racist? Sessions blocked black people from voting, encouraged groups who are against LBTG
Whether he's a good man R not Trump want's his A** 2 go 2 work.He knows how 2 build a fire under someone a** when needed.your next!!!
Y'all still don't get it,Trump's NOT a Republican,that's just the bus he rode 2 town in,The Establishment is all DEMS.& a few REPS like Lind
Session is worth less get rid of Graham and session
You're all talk and zero action
Love the treatment Trump is giving  these "corrupt system parasites"  The existing ONE party system needs to change...DNC=RNC= Corrupt
What is tolerated is deemed acceptable.   Instead of talking about it, try actually doing something to stop it.
IMPEACH!
Do something aboit Trump. It's an incompetent circus.
@StopBullyingGov @TheKingCenter Bullying should never be tolerated regardless of politics or background!
SPEAK FOR YOURSELF MR!! you, mccain, collins mcCOWski and the rest just want the president to fail. SHUT IT FOR A CHANGE
The man is irrelevant. Take a stand on political norms, decency and rule of law that uphold our society.
And Mr Graham MOST of us don't like what U are doing! U RINOS r betraying those who actually PAY for Obamacare as well as YOUR deluxe Plans!
Sir, please keep up this work. We need all the patriots to work against this demagogue. Thank you
Lindsey would you ever shut up and do something about the things you don't like?! Enough already!



Its not the Sen. Who is the executive the POTUS can fire whomever he wants. They serve at POTUS PLEASURE not Sen. Grahams

Screw Trump and Sessions. Sessions supported Trum from day 1. Pussy grabbing is fine w this man
"Should government be able to take your money, car or home without charging you with a crime? @GOP law & order rift"
Clealry still the same mistake as the day he was elected!
He is most emphatically not a "good" man.
They don't seem to dislike it enough to stop him.
