So now the plan after 7 years of bitching is to consult with Governors?  So you're admitting that you guys were just fucking with everyone?
Just so you know that many of us knew.  It was pretty obvious
This is the way to go it appears...too many selfish senators the other way (one too many). I don't see how anybody could vote against this.
Graham says "Fl Governor Rick Scott Who committed Billions in Medicare/Medicaid fraud Does NOT GIVE A CRAP ABOUT FLORIDIANS"
FREE MARKET SOLUTIONS.  DEMOCRAP GOVS AND YOUR BOY KASICH WANT FREE LUNCH.
One plan for all Americans, not different in each state! #MedicareForAll Work it out! Please!
How about Doctors and the American people. Concierge doctors are a great idea. Let free market work!!!!
Universal healthcare
Listen to your constituents that put you in office, not other politicians. Do your job by listening, not speaking what you think is best.
Or you could do your job and work to make Obamacare better. Stop spending all of your time trying to repeal something the majority wants.
Excellent. The governors and also hospital administrators, nurses etc. Front line folks. BTW, I still say McCain saved the GOP.
And Ryan was playing you.
Talk to PEOPLE.
So if the Governors are Corrupt in States Graham says "Who cares The Governors have GOVT care"
They wrote you a bipartisan letter saying no to your ideas but you keep sucking up to your leader. Sad!
Our SC Governor?  The guy who is being investigated for ethics violations?  Our GOP state lead government who has failed us at EVERY turn?
Waiting to see where the Quinn investigation leads. Appears to be a slippery slope for many.
It is about time somebody thought of the states. Since some senators have forgotten in the last vote that they are US senators...not state!

Fareed say it will Bankrupt the US Linds,IS that TRUE??He is VERY SMART and Articulate!!!panDora
...to IMPROVE Obamacare. Replacing it is unproductive and unnecessary. You should know this. And all your cohorts.
Fareed say's it will Bankrupt the US Linds,IS that TRUE??He is VERY SMART and Articulate!!!Is that far enough outside of Washington??panDora
TALK TO CONSTITUENTS. WORK WITH DEMOCRATS. Ask the people who are on #ACA what needs to be fixed.

Fix the problems with Obamacare and move on. 8 years of doing nothing but bitching about AMA. Do something else!
I don't want to replace the ACA, I want to fix it! So does the majority. So should you!
like to Europe? Or Canada?
Maybe ask some Democrats, they've been working on this for a long time.
Consult the real people who have suffered under Obamacare, not the Governors, they just want more tax $$ to waste
No. Get gov't back in the business of keeping the peace and let industry work market solutions to sort out insurance programs.
Worst possible solution. I live in Oklahoma - totally incompetent leaders! You will kill us all. Fix the ACA!
Gets States out of the industry. Insurance needs big pools of insured to drive costs down. Let companies compete nationally.
.... because the people elected to do the job are too ineffective
You mean away from the influence of " K  street" in DC !
@LindseyGrahamSC typical, pass the buck when you can't do what you were hired/elected to do  .... #fecklessgopsenate
So you're saying give up on congress doing your job. All of you go home them. You're all fired.
Ok talk to @JohnKasich
How about improving it?.
Get governors from both sides of the aisle.
And the people in each state. The more brains you have collaberating the more you can come up with many ideas and possible solutions.
You need to consult them on a wider agenda of replacement items. Starting with replacing #POTUS with yourself.
Wow. Novel idea.
Why don't you try talking to hospitals, healthcare providers, doctor & patient associations...?
STOP already. Just please, fix what we have. Rename it if you must. But DON'T take it away!
Senator, seriosly, in near past Hannity hosted doctors, from KS who created community health group.They alleged it cost $50. Pls.Examin it
Just fix it. Call it TrumpCare if you want, but just fix what's wrong with it. No tax cuts for the rich.
Why don't u look inside some Dems have good ideas. Work together isn't that what bipartisan should do believe me would make u a hero
Why don't you say screw healthcare right now and get rid of Trump & Co. before it's too late and he starts a fricken war. Putin is pissed!
Repair - not replace. Move on from the "replace" mantra.
Well hell its about time. John took a hit for you all. What a maverick
yes, or democrats like Maria Cantrell and Patty Murray.
You don't really know Bruce Rauner, do you? Would rather have sutures than duct tape.
You need to stop! Work on strengthening Obamacare, ACA, with bipartisan effort! You are enabling the gaslighting of America! #TRUMPRUSSIA
SINGLE PAYER is the only hope we have.
Hi, neighbor to the north. @RoyCooperNC wants to expand Medicaid but legislature says he can't. What should I do?
Look at states where ACA is working!
And what about governors that want u to repair ACA/OC.  STOP this marketing ploy.  Did u ask Trump how high, when he asked u to jump?
Let's look outside of Washington to replace YOU and Turtleman McConnell and rat-face Cruz. You're the things that aren't working for america
You nailed it!Can they get any sleazier
... solutions by consulting with our Governors to ... FIX Obamacare.
Remember Obamacare is based on a Republican Governor's HC plan? Instead of destroying, work across the aisle to fix issues. Do what's right!
Then we don't need representatives or senators
Rephrase that....repair obamacare

2018 boo and the people "will" send a lot of your racist comrades home for a long time. Enough is enough!!
Obamacare just needs tweaking. If not for a Black man's plan you guys would improve it's weak points and improve it. But you're too racist.
Look to the citizens! We told you do not repeal ACA work with democrats in senate and governors to improve ACA!
Rick Scott, really Lindsey? He and Trump are of the same cloth, deplorable. Both parties should come together and fix AHCA if u really care
We need 2 bring everyone back 2 the table-all the players-radical changes require buy in from all the players.  & don't leave the Dems out.
#ProtectMedicaid and #KeepKidsCovered, senator. 632,000 children in SC, including my daughter, need this coverage. #turnersyndrome
Will you be getting on that anytime soon?
Graham such a liberal get out-of-the-way need to sell insurance across state lines hundreds of opportunities that way insurance much cheaper
Governors don't want to replace Obamacare
Hopefully, you are talking about single payer.
You know the republicans don't have to do it alone, you can try, just try to have help from the DNC! I think most Americans will agree!
You need to replace trump !!
with all of our governors, try not total war
Let's replace the lunatic in WH! He is threatening you guys now too.Just what DOES he have to do to get you moving? #25thAmendmentNow
Look to term limits for all of you. You suck!
Start with Massachusetts. Also note that the state made tweaks after the passage of the law to address unforeseen issues. Imagine that.
We will be looking outside of Washington to replace politicians who won't fight for Americans.
Don't take Scott Walker's advice. He's an idiot
Repeal and Replace Trump with Hillary --  

We all know she'd  fix it pronto without all this bullshit
What an epic idea, perhaps some statisticians and outcomes people as well. it's amazing what you can accomplish when congress is stopped
NOT REPLACE.... its fix what doesn't work  So what isn't working You'll find out in town halls Not with Governors
Lord knows you don't have any
Look at PRICING - no way a hospital overnight shouldve cost us $21k! That's A CAR. Any program will have problems under these price tiers
Don't ask @GregAbbott_TX He's as bad as @realDonaldTrump
Fix the ACA stop jerking around! You simply can't take away peoples healthcare!
You're never going to replace Obamacare. The only thing that you can do is work to improve it. Stop saying that dumb shit.
Impeach
Please take out Trump. You start, the rest will follow.
Excellent idea
ACA was a republican plan, first implemented by Romney!  Fuck your history re-write. Man-up and do the right thing for once...
Look outside of Washington for Plan B when Mueller and this fearless prosecutor get fired

http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2017/05/15/taking-down-terrorists-in-court/amp …

I shiver just seeing pic
You have both a perfectly good political party in the room with you and a nation full of doctors and hospitals who have lots of ideas. ?????
No, how about y'all try fixing the ACA. If you had done that instead of wasting time, it would be flawless by now.
find a middle ground. people want bipartisanship, younger legislators and more women involved: modern moms and dads. practical solutions.
Governors in red states are the problem. Stop lying to the American people.
 Yes! Find out how much money they need. Stop saying replace and repeal. Just patch #Obamacare
A patchwork of different state approaches to insurance  isn't the answer.  Does EQUAL TREATMENT mean nothing to you?
Ins Co's only make $ by denying svc. No other way to be profitable. Wld u privatize Armed Forces too? Some things need 2 b socialized. Dick.
I like you,@LindseyGrahamSC , I really do. You're funny & personable. I hate your politics, but u don't strike me as craven. Prove it.
Consult with a lot of people! Open Competition! Prices will go down! Open choices!
They don't want replace. They want fixes. So stop with the "replace" crap.
They want tax cuts and to get ever with Obama They are nothing hurting him with their revenge They are hurting us
You're okay with the way the way your republican president treats people and his tweets? I would love to hear your response.
Want to make Trump & his supporters happy ?  Change the name of what we have to Trumpcare and fx it for the rest of us. Win win .
Obamacare=Romneycare NO escape LINDS.
By all means, check out California and the earnest efforts by our Governor.
Come on Senator make the damn thing work well!  The people of the United States deserve that.  And ask those of us caring for patients!
What was ACA based on? Does it start with 'R' and end with 'omneyCare'?
Talk to everyone!
Start with Govemor Kasich.
How about sitting down with Dems too or is a win for Rep more important than the the American people? We deserve better! #JohnMcCain
We the people want Obamacare gone now, not next year, stop the delaying, or Mr President put Congress on Obamacare, @realDonaldTrump
DO YOUR JOB. Healthcare isn't about getting a "win" in the Repulican column - it's about serving the American people...i.e. your job.
The other problem Trumpf has is that there are only three Senate Repubs who have enough guts & gumption to talk back to the sorry SOB!.
Trumpf can't find answers to questions & solutions to his problems; the problems he has come directly from the SOB who sits on his ass.
Solutions with idiot governor Malloy in Ct?He almost bankrupt Samford & is well on way to bankrupting Ct along with the two cronie Senators!
Look for ideas from the public as well. You've utterly failed us.
Is Anyone listening ? U suppose 2 represent people & not 2 choose for them.Only minority want the change.wat kind of democracy ?
Fix the #ACA . The GOP Governors are sabotaging AND SO ARE YOU!!! #wealthcare
Which would eliminate the best plan like Australia's, or Canada's. Medicare already gets best rates.
need to have hearings on healthcare and involve insurance co.'s, doctors, etc. need better individual market. work to improve ACA please
Then vote for @RandPaul 's bill.
Now that makes sense.
Seriously Senator Graham please look up the word remediate...
And be willing to have a conversation with someone that doesn't have an R beside their name. Partisanship is how we got here.
Consider talking with health care professionals and experts, and addressing issues whose discussion has been taboo http://hcrenewal.blogspot.com 
Which Governors? The one's from states that have decent health care systems (hint they're blue states).?
Yes, but most of the governors don't agree with you
How 'bout starting by getting rid of the international crisis in our White House first
For any health care system to work and be stable, governors must be given some flexibility on how to apply it to their state.  #federalism
Yes. Go back to committees. Listen to the governors. Listen to everyone. Become the parties of the middle.
Look outside of the Washington war party when it comes to organizing foreign relations.
Then why are we paying you?
Or how about look to fix it.
I guess so, you have no solutions. Try helping the President. Do your job (never Trumper)
Any plan that is not intended to fix the problems with The ACA and that leaves out any input from Dems is wrong and we will keep fighting U
Hopefully we can also replace you
Isn't that his job? I thought the elected officials made the decisions 
Going back to states doesn't work...at this point this admin would love for voting rights do be state specific.can these ppl work together?
And outside the @GOP
I support looking to the Governors.  I also support looking to the AMA and other medical/healthcare orgs.
Take hold of the issue. Be the vanguard to repair and augment the existing law of the land. We Americans will thank you later...
Returning power to the states. Excellent idea.
Yeah, let's go all the way. The blue states would love to see you red states go it alone. Good luck.
Vladimir Putin would be pleased with your idea. Abraham Lincoln, not so much.
Do you actually not understand that health care isn't a states rights issue? Shouldn't Kentucky care about a kid with cancer in Illinois?
Why is no one looking at how to better manage the economy of the insurance and healthcare industries?  Seems like they are the problem.
This is true
How can ppl say "look outside Washington" for #ObamaCare solutions then pimp legislation that was created IN Washington?
It's called single payer option. Look at how the military has there health cares u have a blue print
Looking outside of D.C. for answers:best idea you'll ever have.#termlimits would make that dream come true.#DrainTheSwamp #MAGA #resignLG
Most Govs. don't want a full replacement. FYI
Or fix. Nothing wrong with fixing. Updating, improving, modifying. All cool words, and MUCH EASIER TO DO THAN REPLACING.
Go talk to Democrats
You've had 8 years
Fixes it for you. You're welcome.
You're just now realizing that?? Really?? Wish you would listen to POTUS, we voted for HIM!! Repeal & replace GET IT DONE!! Or you're fired!
Are you just responding to another one of Trump's tweets? He just wants to ruin O's legacy and so do you. Pathetic and dangerous for America
Why is governors capitalized like it's a proper noun?
Repeal now! The Fed has no damn business in my doctor's office or my insurance broker's office. How dare you clowns! FO
SOUNDS LIKE YOUR PLAYING HOT POTATO. WHEN IT GETS TOO HOT YOU PASS IT TO THE GOVERNORS. SMH
I want to be able to purchase healthcare across state lines! I want choices. I do not want to burden by the government in any form!
All health care insurance providers should be not for profit.    Insurance companies paying dividends while limiting care is what's wrong
How about not teaming up with insurance companies that write plans so they make a profit for Wall Street investors.  Patients 1st.
B altruistic with your own money.
Shutdown government healthcare and let it go back to the state's where it belongs. No federal power or mandate over healthcare.
The Govenors have first hand knowledge of fixes ... good start
ENOUGH. Block grants are not the answer. Please work with the Dems instead of pushing your agenda.
1/2 If they can have a commission on elections they can have a commission on healthcare. Ask @JohnKasich to chair at bi-partisan group.
2/2 I guarantee they will come up with a common sense proposal. Take their recommendation & draft the bill. Wish political games would stop
Try Mitt Romney. I hear @MittRomney had a good plan back in the day.
Stop it, just fix the ACA, good grief stop calling it by the black classy Presidents name and it won't hurt so bad.
Let's start by replacing senate!
Look also to your brothers and sisters on the other side of the aisle, you will need them to pass anything
Try consulting with people who know something about healthcare.
Look at other countries healthcare plans too. Canada and Australia are good examples.
Fix the ACA.
How about looking to EVERY other 1st world country who all have national health care?? They make it work & so can we. NOT rocket science GOP
And health of insurance industry, medical professionals. The problem is GOP does not want to provide healthcare for people.
You had eight years to come up with something. You got nothing. Neither do the Governors.
Stop it
Some governers dont really care about health care or sick. But rich ppl like koch brothers keep funneling money to these ppl and poor die
Get over it you're not replacing Obamacare
