uuuh..
how bout Extremist record as JUDGE!!? DO YR HOMEWORK.
Anti women, gay, Climate/ PRO BIG BUSINESS.
Thats easy...he wasn't President Obama's select. Im sure hes every bit as qulified as that cabinet u admire & luv.
it is a seat stolen from Merrick Garland and you know it.
I respect you, but this is a stolen seat
@All100Senators - Because women have fought too hard to go backwards like it's 1950!  Go forwards, not backwards!
Challenge Lindsay Graham to say why Garland is not qualified.
b/c he's not Merrick Garland, sir
I dare @LindseyGrahamSC to explain how Merrick Garland wasn't qualified.
@kimalters senator graham, I ask you the same question. Why was merit garland 'not qualified'.
Garland qualified too. Dems giving Gorrsuch more courtesy than you did. Golden rule- treat others as you want to be treated
- Because of where he stands with Roe vs. Wade.  Woman have fought too hard to go back to the 1950's!
Have you explained why Garland wasn't?
So if Dems won't vote for Gorsuch it's partisanship but GOP not even hearing Garland is not partisan? Oh please.
Confirm Judge Garland to the Supreme Court, and let Judge Gorsuch wait for the next vacancy.  This is a stolen seat!
obviously he's qualified. But we just can't have a president choosing Supreme Court nominees during the election season!
POTUS has already stated he's running for reelection, so we should wait and let voters decide. 37% approval...
Merrick Garland.  #GOPHypocrites #RussianTools
Lindsey why were there no hearings on Merrick Garland and I dare you to call him unqualified.  Time for little backbone.
B/c there's only 4 years left in this president's term so I think it should be left until after the election
I dare Mr. Graham to acknowledge that Gorsuch's qualifications are not the problem with his confirmation.
What else is a valid reason?
That Merrick Garland's confirmation comes first, or would in a functioning government. I stated this elsewhere -
a@SCOTUS Judge wanting 2 Retire is NO reason to comfirm a JUDGE??! Lifetime apt. Child!?!
I'd ask you the same thing about #MerrickGarland
. Merrick Garland was an excellent choice.THE  same politics you're talking about got in the way. It was to defy
Hypocrite.  Merrick Garland wasn't qualified?
I'll tell you why, bc trumpy's RussiaGate 'problem' DUH. Pres. Obama put forth M.Garland and was shut down. WHY?
can you explain why Merrick Garland wasn't an acceptable SCOTUS appointee
Go point your little finger at Putin and put him in his place if your feelin manly today. We're busy savin USA.
Well that's easy. He was nominated via a process that's utterly lacking in integrity. Garland freeze-out. Tainted by Trump treasonous acts.
Not gonna happen.  You should taken care of this during last presidency...
BUT you first dare YOU to say why MERRICK GARLAND was not qualified and not given fair hearing
all know why. GOP congress warned BO they wouldnt give him a vote.Yet,he put this good man thru the humiliation.Ugh!
I would argue Merrick Garland is more qualified
please explain why Merrick Garland isn't qualified.  Republicans denied him a hearing. The hearing would tell alot.
and why was Garland not qualified?
because a President under investigation for Treason should make no permanent appointments
I dare Lindsey to tell us why Merrick Garland was not qualified
@ImpactDemocracy Will give explanation after you give same explanation why Merrick Garland not qualified.
why you are not asking GOP that Merrick was not given a chance to vote Hippocrates GOP
dare away. You didn't even give Obama's choice one chance. How does it feel when shoe is on other foot?
How do you and other Rs sleep at night? Seriously, u could market that shit and make billions. The only crap I'd buy of urs
Mr Graham, stop being a hypocrite.  Perhaps Gorsuch represents the same issue for Dems that Garland did for you and Reps.
why wasn't  Garland qualified enough to even get a hearing?
Duh. Because Gorsuch regards womens reproductive plans subject to corporate approval.
Why wasn't Garland qualified?
Sure, after you do the same for Merrick Garland. Go ahead Lindsey.
I dare you to explain why you are still supporting President Crazy Pants after Monday! That defies explanation!
I defy you, @LindseyGrahamSC, to explain why Merrick Garland was so unqualified he didn't even get a hearing.
why is this a dare? Not even considering the last nomination was complete dereliction of duty on each republicans part SAD
And why was Merrick Garland not qualified? @LindseyGrahamSC
after you explain why Merrick Garland wasn't.  I don't want to hear about the lame duck crap.  Seriously, do your job.
One might argue that trump is quite possibly in the final year of his Presidency. So, there's that...
Citizens dare you, Graham, to explain why #Garland wasn't even given a hearing. @SenateDems @SenateGOP
Go get them!
How about explaining how Merrick Garland was "not qualified"?  Partisanship and extremist justices are not a good judiciary
Dems "dare" Graham to explain why the GOP blocked Obama's appointee with 10 months left in his term.
, nominated for lifetime post by president under investigation for possible collusion with a foreign government
forget qualifications. Delay during investigation for admin collision w/Russia. National security.
@SouthernRock3 why wasn't #Garland
Exactly...and now tell me why Merrick Garland didn't even get consideration?  You don't get a free pass on that.
Now get back to work as an American patriot and find truth to Russian attack.
Because we don't (like you) reward robbery. McConnell stole Majority of Americans rightful choice.
You first. Why is Garland not qualified? Because a Dem nominated him? Why should anyone play fair with you caucus?
Because Trump /Bannon picked him.#makingamericawhiteagain
Thats  easy!
The exact same reason that our Constitutional Obama nominee was rejected. You are too smart than this
Because its not his seat until you hold hearings on Merrick Garland. Period. End of story.
Merrick Garland goes first...gets a hearing and a vote. That's the way it works. Garland goes first. @SouthernRock3
and by not speaking up you align with him
he's destroying any chance you have of any kind of meaningful discussion or change with his faceless ranting
maybe because we are all becoming increasingly skeptical about anything this paranoid credibility 0
It isn't that he isn't qualified, but that the Republicans stole appointment away from Obama. Why can't you digest that?
Lindsey Lindsey Lindsey you denied Judge Garland a hearing - Shame - illegitimate Trump presidency doesn't get a pick
Garland Senator
@ImpactDemocracy @TheWeek I dare him to explain why garland was not qualified.
this was the danger of what Republicans did to  Garland.
Merrick Garland was qualified Senator. #GOPobstruction #Termlimits
Was Merrick Garland not qualified? Explain.
Roe v. Wade period.
I dare you to explain how @realDonaldTrump IS qualified.
because garland was qualified didnt get a hearing and now  this hearing for a nominee from most criminal POTUS in history
They will, right after you explain why Garland wasn't.
He's not IMPARTIAL.He rules based on personal bias against women, queers, disabled, children & elderly.NO GORSUCH
@ImpactDemocracy  I am a Dem and I will explain clearly! It's Garlands JOB!  And DJT is under investigation, unqualified

@mercedesschlapp @TheWeek They have nothing except "Merrick Garland". They have ignored the Biden and Schumer rules.
good point but the republican never explained why the did not like Obamas choice
Simple reason. It's not his seat. It's Merrick Garland's seat. You explain why Garland's 'not qualified' first.
You explain why Justice Scalia's death wasn't investigated. Why was he cremated the day after he died?
because the WH is under investigation and the seat was stolen.
The first Repub to stand against the fool in the WH will rise as HERO. What cha waitin for? ACA,Taxes & SCOTUS- Thats why!!
B/C the entire administration cannot be trusted. Corrupt or complicit. tRump is toxic, period. Or Garland, pick ur poison.
Merrick Garland was qualified 

the seat belongs to Garland
what about Garland sir? Did @GOP given him a chance?
@ImpactDemocracy Appoint Sally Yates and Merrick Garland to the indep. Russia investigation then maybe... Nah still nope.
Because you picked him with the intention of overturning Roe V Wade which is you jamming your religion down my throat!
How can you even go there when you wouldn't even hold hearings on Obama's man? Which, btw, was so insulting to our previous President, I was
embarrassed for our country. But for real, how fair is it for you to try and bully the Dem's to vote for G. after that despicable display?
I'd think it would be smarter just to keep your mouth shut on the matter and hope things go your way.
#Stopit and you all do your jobs or Ego te demitto #Vote2018
@ImpactDemocracy I dare Graham back. Why wasn't Garland qualified? Here's why Gorsuch isn't: he loves private over public.
First you tell us @LindseyGrahamSC why Merrick Garland wasn't qualified.  Oh right....he was nominated by a black President. #GorsuchHearing
Did @LindseyGrahamSC or anyone else argue Judge Garland was not qualified?
@ImpactDemocracy @TheWeek - Graham needs to explain why Merrick Garland is not qualified.These GOP dirt bags are too bold
Because Gorsuch is Putin's nominee for the Supreme Court.

Duh.
Neil Gorsuch is qualified. The seat, however, is not Trump's to fill. Vote on Merrick Garland, or shut up
Neil Gorsuch is NOT qualified cuz he doesnt respect women's rights ovr their own bodies, thus hes a loser.
@ImpactDemocracy Because he has been nominated by an illegitimate administration.
I dare the Senator to explain why Garland was unqualified.
More important question for GOP: Explain why President Obama's nominee, Merrick Garland, is not qualified.
A more important question is directed at the GOP: Explain why President Obama's nominee, Merrick Garland, is not qualified.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @ImpactDemocracy #Gorsuch nomination should be put on hold pending the outcome of the criminal investigation into Trump WH
Uh...b\c the guy who nominated him is under FBI investigation for espionage.
@ImpactDemocracy The American people deserve a chance to weigh in on this nomination; let's call it the McConnell rule.
@ImpactDemocracy dare you to do explain why #MerrickGarland is 'not qualified' #cmonnow
For the same reason Merrick Garland was not qualified. Think about it.
@ImpactDemocracy http://www.bostonglobe.com/opinion/2017/03/19/neil-gorsuch-does-not-belong-supreme-court/elq2QqQBdJW5Fh0s2isXhJ/story.html …
@ImpactDemocracy @TheWeek.  Because of a guy named #Trump.
At least you got a hearing for your nominee.  Don't forget what you did with Obama's pick!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
All do respect, Senator, what of Merrick Garland?
because Trump nominated him, that's why!
Trump's nominee for the Supreme Court vacancy must be delayed until he and his team are cleared of any wrongdoing.
MERRICK GARLAND! ITS HIS SEAT & U ROBBED HIM! America knows & U should have lost UR job! #disgrace #shameonyou #cnn
When Americans work with foreign governments to humble democracy I can not support them in office, nor should you.
Merrick Garland is why.
Merrick garland
You reap what you sow.
merrick garland
The hypocrisy if your party is staggering.  I dare you to explain why Garland wasn't qualified.
Resorting to dares, Sen.? You know qualif. is immaterial. Dems would never have done what Maj. Leader had you do. Be bold.
IDEA. He is part of the legal effort to deny children a free and appropriate education.
Because it's a stolen seat and the "president" is under an FBI investigation. Sometimes you kind of make sense but not 2day
Merrick Garland #StolenSeat
TRUMP IS UNDER FBI INVESTIGATION! He doesn't get a pick, that's like letting Putin pick! #trumprussia
.@LindseyGrahamSC I dare you to tell us why you wouldn't even Garland a confirmation hearing.
As unqualified as garland ??
why wouldn't you speak with #Garland? You don't get to steal this seat
How about we wait until the investigation into Trump and Russia is over.....mmmm, 'kay?
What deal did POTUS make with you? The barn is burning and you're worried about paint colors?
Gorsuch was chosen by someone under criminal investigation by the FBI.  For treason.  Think about that.
because GARLAND.
Put partisanship aside? You mean the way GOP did for Merrick Garland? I dare you to explain why he was 'not qualified'.
And I dare you to tell us why president Obama's candidate was not qualified.
If a president in his last year can't nominate SCOTUS then neither should the one working for Russia! !!
#RESIST
Merrick Garland #GOPHypocrite
If you didn't think @POTUS44 was qualified to nominate a SCOTUS, why do you think a Putin surrogate is right for the job?
democrats wonder why they should listen to anything he says!
Because he's Russia's choice. Oh and Merrick Garland
Because his fucking name isn't "Merrick Garland."
MERRICK GARLAND
So what disqualified Mr. Garland from even being heard? He could have been voted down but at least Senate b courteous!!
How abt you stole this nomination & no one Trump puts forth shld ever be seated?
How abt the fact that the POTUS who nominated him is an illegitimate Russian patsy?
I dare you to tell Gorsuch to wait until the previous nominee is heard.
Or that he thinks ppl shld unreasonably die at their boss's whim?
How abt the fact that he thinks maternity leave is a scam?
I am sure he is qualified.But the SCOTUS spot should be for Judge Merrick Garland, he was already nominated, not ignored!!
I don't care if he is qualified. Explain why Merrick Garland was not qualified.
you need to go with the rest of the GOP clown show. Your support of trump disqualifies you to challenge or question anyone!
why should we sit someone in the last year of a presidency?
sorry but u can't have it both ways.  You guy acted like total jerks with the Garland nom and now u want fair?
How about we wait to discuss confirmation until we find out if @POTUS is in bed w Russia or not. #TaxReturns #Russiagate
a reply from the Senator would be best, no GOP mouthpiece retweet , a 4 year standoff sounds like standard GOP logic
Merrick Garland was qualified. No hearing. Current admin under investigation- really question anything they plan!
Merrick Garland.
all know he is anti women. He's 4 big corps not fair 2 union workers.His qualifications may be good but his decisions r bad
garland
#obstruction
definitely as qualified as MG
Gorsuch is onlyup for the seat because Russian interference made GOP stonewalling pay off. You want to reward Russia?!
I've been a big fan of you lately but this is pretty hypocritical. Or Can I can find evidence of the same logic re Garland
At least he's getting a hearing.That's obviously the rub.Can we at least acknowledge that & that Garland was qualified?
Why doesn't GOP apologize to the American people over Obamas pick? That would be a good beginning.
I am a constituent of yours, and I ask you this: Is Merrick Garland qualified?
How about his gender bias. Or his originalist view of the constitution. Or his homophobia.
He is Trump Puppet
Merrick Garland was qualified
because we are in the midst of Trumps last year of presidency.
Merrick Garland
Explain why Merrick Garland was not qualifited and never got a hearing in the Senate?
Really? What's next, a double-dog dare?
They're outta ammo and you're huffing Swamp Gas. Grow a pair or call it quits.
answer is simple he has no clue what equality means.
idk can you explain how Merrick Garland was not qualified? Oh wait..."so there’s no beef with him. Well-qualified man.”
merrick garland
I need you to tell me why Garland wasn't qualified.
For the last 9 months of Obama's presidency, GOP was asked to explain why Judge Merrick Garland was not qualified.
Get ready, they will.
is Merrick Garland qualified?
