Exactly - thank you.  Make Democrats help.  Make them stand up to the plate - I think they will
"Make" them? Like they're just turning away from the GOPs loving and warm embrace? 
That's what I don't get.  Why are they not at the table?  Does GOP refuse?  I hear no idea from my Dems on improvement
Soooooo, with Reps refusing (throughout SO MUCH of Obama's presidency) to work together Dems are now saying
Yes but like you said all this is childish - it wasn't fair what they did to Obama.  Do you think snubbing helps?
Just now I was watching MSNBC - BLOTUS numbers were so low last year this time - no one thought he would win.
This is very true. I don't bank on these polls anymore. Like research studies, u have to do your own research to see if results are accurate
True that!  He had Russia helping - we didn't see that coming
I don't understand why this practical approach has not been embraced!!
The devil is in the details.  If you think it's simple then you've made fatal mistake. Gotta take the profit motive out or nothing works.
Kicking it back to the states in reasonable. It's better than ANYTHING we've seen so far!
Embrace single payer & work like hell to make it work. Again won't be easy and some tough new laws/rules will be needed to avoid ACA mess.
I agree but giving the flexibility to the states would allow variation with fewer harmful consequences allowing us to see what works best
Variation is a trap door that allows providers to maximize profit and minimize services. Providers are national so plans must be too.
With GOP control I can not see a better middle ground which will allow for single payer systems to develop still
I admit I don't have a better plan for how to move forward. I think states will get played by HC industry.  Some central control essential.
Hope Senator Collins & 2 other female senators work w/ Dems. Only practical approach. Mayo Clinic doesn't approve of your's nor does this RN
Stop the involuntary testing of destitute human beings in medical labs#NaziGermany all over againFight for humanity lest they come for U!
Over 70% of Americans want a bipartisan fix to the ACA.  Please listen to the American people.
You know how to put easy bipartisan fixes. You and GOP just won't. It's on you
The states' governors are not on board. Clearly you haven't run that statement past those who would deal with this mess.
Better healthcare or simply LESS healthcare?  The bill you vote should be the health plan YOU use too!!!
Lindsey, I pray that ALL Americans have guaranteed affordable access to the same level of care that @SenJohnMcCain receives. It's only right
IF "belonging to a larger pool" creates lower premiums , then logic says "create ONE HUGE POOL" , affordable full coverage no loopholes

Who does #Medicaid cover in SC? Thomas
He & mom @ShayWest come to lots of events to show #MedicaidMatters!
@SenatorTimScott-vote NO on #BCRA 
NO AMNESTY FOR ILLEGALS

What is wrong with you? #BuildTheWall #DeportThemAll

Just resign already.
Way to go Senator Graham. Do not repeal Obamacare, just change the name to Trumpcare...
Resistbot to Lindsey Graham:

"How about pursuing a prudent choice &lead a bipartisan effort 2create a healthcare bill that doesn't terrify?
Texas did not expand medicaid, therefore many Texans fell through the cracks of the ACA

Candidates who criticized the President for bragging about sexual assault will lose RNC support, insider suggests. http://www.nj.com/politics/index.ssf/2017/07/without_christies_top_fundraiser_guadagno_looks_to.html#incart_river_mobileshort_home … 
if left up to states that  chose to ignore the needs of the working poor as Texas did there will still be those left uninsured! @JohnCornyn
How about all senators be prohibited healthcare treatment until this is resolved? Repeal, replace, drown or drive.
What will drive healthcare providers to compete and not gouge? How do you delude yourself any of the balls are not in their court?
Can you @GOP just leave it alone? Eight months and you haven’t made anything “better.”
Eight YEARS of nothing but bitching about ACA and they weren't ready with anything better, or even workable, that even THEY can agree on!
They cannot, and do not want to govern. Incompetent grifters.
Yet, you want them to be in charge of our health care. #brilliant
Not Congress - they're bought and paid for by the insurance and drug companies. #MedicareForAll
That goes for ALL of them.  Why do you think dems want Obamacare? It's NOT because they care about anything but their own careers.
And now, I flush you, irrational bot.
No one died under obamacare.
The real bandit in this health care crime is the insurance industry!  Its crying all the way to the bank while we suffer.
I want the exact same healthcare you get that I pay for!  Nothing less!  GOT IT?
single payer (does not have to be "government") , no pay no play (except emergencies) part taxed part private pay. 1 system , full coverage
Why don't you  talk with John Kasich to see about repairing ACA with a bipartisan committee.
A cheap policy that covers little to nothng never fits the needs of Americans! Shame on a Republican party for shortchanging Americans.
WTF is that supposed to mean? Are you not closest to people? I'm closest with many people.
Lindsey is not people.
Lindsey defines the word "fop".
He's a tiny, spineless, bug-eyed weasel. Gay Republicans are fucked in the head.
Self loathing. Can't help but hate everyone else. Why don't they just come out? Who cares?
Lindsey thinks it will diminish his conservative credibility or something. Trump proves that Republicans don't care about anything, though.
At this point, any one of them might announce he's dating a third grader.
Probably be a Duggar.
The whole idea of the ACA was affordable health care!
That's bs and not an issue. The issue is drs charge too much and insurance companies are allowed to charge individual market customers diff
States will not improve health care cov. for the sick and elderly. Those funds will be misused. Compitition is the only thing that will help
So you propose 52 snowflakes instead of a common baseline?
The only sane solution is universal, single-payer Med4All! You know it, we know it. Anything else is bowing to BigInsure & BigPharma. Shame!
How does the Republican's "plan" work for people??  It essentially provides NO coverage.  Pay for useless ins card.
Insurance Companies are a huge part of the PROBLEM , we will NEVER have a great system with them in charge FOR PROFIT
Cheap premiums for policies that cover nothing are as worthless as what swelters in the slop jar and outhouse.
Don't even try and blame the bill on President Trump when he's not writing it, the Senate is. Get your butts in their and work on it!
Fund the CSR's/other components to stabilize the market. Provide a public option, and then work to make the market better, not worse.
Seriously, this is the BEST username I've ever seen. LOLOL
Ha, tx!
Please stop with the obstruction of the will of American people, Washington's control must be reduced.
#LindseyGraham you should be ashamed of your party. You have shown me nothing but weakness. only reason you have W.H. is cuz of Pres Trump
You guys are going to lose majority in mid term and 2020 elections if you fail to repeal and replace obamacare now. #Lack of Unity among GOP
Repeal Obamacare now and replace later is a failure of GOP not able to govern. Potus should stand on each senator toes and rebuke them.
Welcome to the New #GOP

Open for business, colluding with Foreign Governments during elections, like President Trump.

Dictators Welcomed 
If your plan is good then convince your colleagues. If you  are not able to do your job then you all need to be fired, I'm in your district.
Why have you waited until now to present your plan?
You are determined to undermine our POTUS.
Bipartisan solution will be best.  Repeal without a replacement would be a disaster. #FixACA
Why don't you give OUR health care back to us?!!
Just vote for Repeal, and then u can try to get deals for ur buddies!!!!
Why do you want to continue Middle man between patient and Dr. Who's in your pocket!!!!!
Why don't you just join Democratic party since U don't seem to have conservative PRICIPals!! IT IS NOT HEALTH CARE BILL! INSURANCE
Republicans ran and were elected on repeal! Trust the people trusted in elected officials to repeal!
Lets put into the terms of a war monger, you may understand. Should we chose the soldiers state by state? Congress supports all Americans
Speaking of good health care, remember the importance of recess? Recess was always my favorite subject at school. It's good for the health.
Good Idea, so when will you be Voting to Repeal and Replace to let those closest to the people help them and get the "Swamp" out of the way
Sen Graham, (my Senator) would your new approach reduce Health Insurance Premiums for Individuals?  What I need is something I can afford.
Start with repeal!
I wish Republicans and Democrats would work together and compromise on a healthcare bill that would benefit everyone.
Graham constantly smacks voters in the face. When will the people finally say enough. Dump this POS.
Now that Trumpcare has collapsed pls work to remove Trump.His obsession with Putin is a national and international security threat.
No. Just no!
How's that gonna with portable insurance? Get real, Senator; we have an extraordinarily mobile society. Single payer is the only way.
Get  federal govt out of healthcare biz, no more HC bills, promised #FullRepeal let  markets work. Only progressives refuse2repeal @POTUS
Promised 2defund Obamacare, did nothing, then promised #FullRepeal still nothing ! We don't want Govt writing crap HC bills we want #Repeal
Please fight to stop the closing of the War Crimes department
Do not repeal without better plan.  Time to invite dems to work collaboratively for the people you represent.  You can take the lead for us
For many years I have been a loyal constituent.  Losing patience.  Quit trying to be a comedian and do the job you were elected to do
A simple single payer system like the industrialized world? A system where insurance companies are less greedy? That’d be great!!
Excellent proposal. Congress needs more of this patient-centric, as-local-as-possible thinking. Hope it gets some traction. cc: @RepLanceNJ7
-- So disappointed in the Republicans today.  So disappointed.
it is fiscally & morally irresponsible 2deprive any1 HC which all of these bills do. fix aca make it wrk better it can wrk
In 2005 CEO of UHC made $120 million in salary,now it's down to $65 million...wonder why? Poor thing he now only makes $65 million each YEAR
How do you do it? Look yourself in the mirror?ACA provides essential health benefits we deserve.Insurers make billions each year.We NEED it.
sorely disappointed in statement govern take what wrks & fix what needs it our fam benefited only thing afford& good cover
Time for you to do your job & start squeezing Big Pharma & health insurers . Push them to cut costs & that will help lower premiums.
Please work together with Democrats and fix the bugs in the ACA . For that matter, start working together for other things too.
Senator Graham, you've been around long enough to stand up to the geriatric in the WH and say "look, this reigning like a king has to STOP"
Please vote to repeal!
Public Option for any citizen under 65 any state ...means tested..problem solved Senator.  your welcome
@henrymcmaster has no empathy for those of us who need healthcare--just like you! REPAIR ACA!
You we don't fix this, Trump is half right. He doesn't own it but Republicans in Congress absolutely do. Both houses & Postus who'll sign it


POTUS compromised. Kremlin has the only record of the  exchange, free to doctor it or use it to nefarious purpose. https://nyti.ms/2vzZPzJ 
You haven't done a thing Lindsey all you do is yap to lib media
Please don't leave it to TX legislators to take care of it's citizens. Their only care is policing bathrooms.
Let me get this straight. You can't "fix" ACA, so repeal it totally, then yr president says blame the Dem's & you want them to work w/u? 
Use the 51 vote rule and if you get something done that doesn't work then it will only take 51 votes to change!!!

Tillerson is considering closing the State Dept.'s entire cyber office, limiting people who work on cybersecurity. http://politi.co/2tc74Nk 
And if left to the states, South Carolina will surely come out with the worst of plans.
Government should get the hell out of the healthcare business.
More secret meetings, more people at Jr. meeting, Nothing to see right Lindsey?
Insurance is not healthcare. That's the thing none of you get. Lower healthcare starting with tort reform.
Agree, resign so we can replace you.
A very bad idea.
#NeverRepeal.  #neverreplace.  I want you to work across party lines to improve #ACA. You will be a part of legacy similar to Medicare
Repeal the aca
Don't want or need Government in HC. Open the competitive market across state lines. Bankrupt Medicare is only example we need of mismgt
Good proposal.
Shame on you Republicans, for not doing the job we sent you to Washington to do.
Get back to your basics & have discussions as u have done in past.Needs to be bipartisan. Infighting  & waving dirty laundry in USA public.
Please bring back bipartisanship to government - for all the people.
Now @SenateMajLdr is asking for a vote to keep a record...I wonder why? @potus threatened dems/repubs. and to sabotage the ACA...WTF!
This is NOT acceptable...he lacks the ability to exercise the powers and  duties of office. I'm reviewing the Presidential Succession Act..
You aren't being honest, there is no competition in healthcare & if u give $ 2 states, what happens when it gets used up?! Single payer!!!
Lindsey Graham... noooo... giving $ to the states is not not an honest solution!!!! Single payer, single payer, single payer!
To hell with a 7yr promise! Basic commonsense would be "I commit to   doing my BEST to improve healthcare for ALL AMERICANS."  Truth!
Unbelievable, while being questioned about our health care disaster, The Senator LAUGHS? Unbelievable.
Repeal it!!!
It is time govt got out of healthcare and all the special interests - it is all a shell game
They were empowered. They failed. Empower the ACA to fit the needs of the citizens. Americans shouldn't die from lack of healthcare.
I have a proposal. Draft a bill to make it illegal to call the ACA Obamacare. Maybe you'll have more sucess
start tax reform if tax reform & Obama care isn't done this yr we will vote out all Republicans who have stone walled do ur job or ur gone
You guys better get shit done or we will not vote for You 
You talk about about returning dollars back to the states. Stop trying to fix Obamacare, repeal it and let the free market be free.
Return those dollars back to those you took them from - the tax payers. I didn't vote for you because I lije you
I voted for you because the democrats and Obamacare are killing this country. We conservatives don't riot when we loose.
We vote.
3 steps: #Repeal but add #MedicaidForAll.
#Taxreform w/ 2% HC tax. 
Unrestrict free-mkt insurance. All happy!
I like the idea of a block grant. I think an investment in health care infrastructure in rural NV is needed.
Sure, send it to the states. If all states were like SC people would be dying in the streets. No medicaid expansion remember?
Yes and not just to please the Trump base but the rest of us too. The forgotten 64%.  Hello?!?!?
What took the GOP so long to figure this out? Each state is unique. Each state must be given the freedom to take care of its residents.
U r just as sneaky as McConnell. Every single citizen needs to be given same healthcare as MoC get & we pay for-not depend on state! #fixACA
What's your stance on the full repeal now, replace in 2 years?
How about U GREEDY Trumplicans keep your incompetent hands off healthcare that could be a big start! Text Resist to 50409 #TheResistance 
Why Don't you get off your duff and start supporting legislation on the agenda and if you disagree make changes instead of bloviating
Why not work with the Dems to solve this problem?  That's what the American people want!
DO AWAY WITH FOR PROFIT HEALTHCARE.
I do not trust the Republican politicians with healthcare plan.  Your proposed healthcare plan is more of search & destroy people.
Um, shouldn't you have been doing that all along instead of screaming repeal with nothing to replace for SEVEN years?
Why can't the rest of #America have the same #healthcare #benefits that you and #Congress have?
All talk but you couldn't get it done. You and @SenJohnMcCain are not leaders. Stick in a fork - you're done.
How come some red States refused ACA? How would they make sure grants would be fair? No. Just fix #ACA Obamacare.
#ACA is the law of the land. Voters would trust U more if Ur actions didn't betray your words. #TRUMPRUSSIA 

#NeverRepeal #MakeACABetter
Lindsay you are all froth and no Guinness.  You have had 7(seven) years. Whom are you fooling?  #kushner, djr,Manafort will bring you down.
Very funny! With State discrimination on the rise Governors like @GregAbbott_TX can't be trusted with #healthcare! As #CORRUPT as @SenateGOP
Really? What a novel idea !!!!
Would there be any guidelines that the states would need to follow?
But many states administrators wouldn't even embrace the ACA even though it would benefit their people.
Lindsey, #healthcare is a National crisis. States alone cannot fix it. Why can't you people work together to do what's right? @SenSchumer
It takes responsibility off of Feds so they can walk away. Need pressure on pharma & HC to control cost or we stay screwed
Sounds good in theory but how about our mobile world today. Buy into Medicare starting at age 50? Preventive medicines
Senate wake up.six republican public servants who took no longer so public donations from soros are none other than…In senate Lindsay Graham
I'm a cancer survivor & would be returnwd to uninsurable status w/o ACA. Please don't work to take my HC. Work with dems to fix ACA
29607
This is a unbelievable & stupid comment. All people have they same need for healthcare. Does not matter what state they live in.
It is the time that both Republicans and Democrats work on this together. Oh, also include some women.
The Republican Governor in your state of South Carolina refused Medicaid Expansion when it was free. The GOP would happily kill people.
Will you allow amendments,debate,and expert witnesses?  CBO score? If so maybe there is a chance for bi-partisanship
Just repeal the damn thing.
The GOP spin on Obamacare is disgraceful.
Repeal OCare and 32 million people OFF insurance and that is a WIN? Million losing key OCare benefits.

How about working with Democrats on public option, lower drug prices, Medicare for those 55 and up, etc? Cmon, @SenSchumer doesn't bite
Wow Lindsay trying to claw back to  relevance. Too little too late. Retire. Give country a chance.
How about public hearings including those of us who work in healthcare.  Maybe you will learn something.
Don't rescue ACA! Work yo improve it! Bringing back life time caps and
Pre-existing conditions are a bad idea and will hurt or kill many South Carolinians!
genuine bipartisanship is your only out.  Everyone is woke now so go ahead and be THAT guy!  The one that leads in that direction first.
If it is good enough for the poor and disenfranchised in the US, then Senators and House Reps should be mandated to same exact coverage.
time but could nurture a bipartisan effort that can serve as an antidote to the twilight zonewe are all in.  Because,  & , listen up:
Form &HC sen comm, call in panels of HC patients & professionals, use Design Thinking to rethink prob and design solution.  This will take
It's great that you're speaking out against, this evil bill, but as a leader in the Republucan party you should have been the first to do it
Not exactly the warm and fuzzy type, huh.
It has the potential for disaster in Arizona. Seems like total abdication of responsibility by Congress.
GOP attempts to undermine the ACA make the existing issues with the system worse. The ACA works. Support it, and update as needed.
Consumers and tax payers pay through the nose for waste, duplication, reckless policies and obscene profits on healthcare. #CutTheCrap
SOS. Chop healthcare into little pieces that cost loads more to admin.Cant play a game w/different rules for every player. #FixACA #OnePayer
Senator, I may not be alive right now if the Affordable Care Act had not been passed. It could use a little improvement, but not replacing.
Just like conservatives maintain our shattered highways @LindseyGrahamSC ? What a sick joke.
At what point will the GOP be honest & say We do not want Healthcare ,But we will Dangle a carrot prove we do.
Obamacare is going to collapse because the GOP is unwilling to fix the problems .
We sure need congress #TermLimits cause it's time for you to go! 
#SC state govt discriminates with K-12 funding in #CorridorOfShame and you expect them to treat all fairly with #Healthcare funding? Please.
@realDonaldTrump some tweak of this could work.  #worthconsidering
Why can't you fix something everyone can use and get health care why take it away so the Rich can get a tax break really ?
I don't trust that you know what you're talking about. I don't know the answer either. But pretty sure you're not the man with the plan.
