Reading Cassidy-Graham, surprised at how much it does to dismantle ACA. Goes much further than AHCA, BCRA. 

https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/8/1/16074746/cassidy-graham-obamacare-repeal …
So disingenuous. The ACA does nothing to take away anyone's voice in their health care. And you know it. Yet you lie about it.
Yes, actually it does. Govt should have ZERO say so as to what health insurance i buy
I'm quite sure the good Senator said nothing about health Insurance.
What do you think the ACA is?? ITS A FORCED INSURANCE PROGRAM
What does the ACA do to take away anyone's voice about their own healthcare? (Not insurance, but care, that was Graham's charge) Be specific
forcing me to buy something i may not need or want is absolutely impacting my ecnomic liberty. NONE of this is govts job
Indeed it is the governments job to promote the general welfare of the country. It is in the mission statement of the Constitution.
its not govts job to interfere in my personal or economic liberty. if the general welfare took precedent there would be NO bill of rights
Your plan stinks! 
REPAIR ACA!! 
Republican Trump lies.  Don't take away my family's health insurance.
Then why the heck didn't you haul your idea out a lot sooner so this could be getting done instead of dragging it out at this late stage?
Screwing people out of healthcare to fund a tax cut for the rich is not a radical idea, it's a republican idea.
Radical idea: People should get access to healthcare even if they live in a crappy state.
Ummm have you actually read the article?? It's not particularly complimentary.....

Love the sense of humor lol
What a radical idea. Let's have a bunch of people who don't know anything and aren't experts a voice in health care!
do it do it do it--get McConnell to put this up for a vote. YAY
Isn't that what the GOP has promised us for SEVEN YEARS?

Novel idea!
.@LindseyGrahamSC @sarahkliff It's a bad bill that would do irreparable harm to millions. #FixACA
Can you talk John McCain to retire now before he pats susan Collins on the head again and Endorse Palestinian State attacking  Israel.
Stealing from the poor to give to the rich again you spineless fool?
How does it give them a voice? Calling their Senator or Congressperson? Give me a break. #GrahamCassidyHeller
When was the last time you got anything done in DC. Go read the 10th Amendment and get back to me. #10A
The same voice SC voters used for better roads for 8 yrs, better education, pensions, DDS. SC leg. will be great with health care. FUNNY
What a Radical idea.
Follow the law that is in existence and stop trying to harm Americans. Fix what needs repair, leave benefits that work.
Ppl keep voicing their opinions- they want you to keep and improve Obamacare. Radical idea- listen to constituents
Had McCain decided to vote for repeal... your sorry rear would have made sure it failed. What a joke you are.
you don't give a crap about anyone except Lindsey Graham
Here is my voice: drop this bill. Now. Millions of us are screaming at the top of our lungs for you to stop. Please. Do not do this to us.
7 yrs of BULLS**t remember TRUMP voters will make you pay in the 2018 ..start fighting back and support the President ..You have been warned
Well Duh Lindsey!  What Dems have been saying forever.  Repubs sticking fingers in their ears & saying Nanananana!
As usual, you sit comfortably with health care and sit and condem many us to uncomfortable position of NO health care. I used to admire u.
Think on the potential of states having the ability to co-op with other states even. The sky is the limit!
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @POTUS @WhiteHouse THAT IS WHAT TOWNHALLS ABOUT YET YOU DO NOT LISTEN
Listen to the people 85% favor tweaking not destroying AHCA
GOP silence is DEAFENING

Trump hasn't signed sanctions
Mueller still fireable
Kushner has clearance
Sessions is AG
No DHS head
#TrumpRussia
You're full of  Now you know NOTHING will be voted on.
right bro, and the poor and sick with be taken care of, you're a genius.
oh wait, that's not your point.  You live in a world of well people able to care for themselves. Right bro.
ah, but dang, health care is s'posed to care about folks. Shucks. Guess I better move along now.
Get it done! And make sure that turd McCain is on this too.
Just a charade. Still wants to steal from the poor and middle class and reward the rich.
What a radical idea -- a dozen old white guys deciding what voice people have about health care! #grahamcassidy masquerading as healthcare.
U & the rest of the establishment r gone! Can't wait to get you Dems out of leadership. Repeal & replace just to keep power  @SenateMajLdr
Sen. L Graham "troubled" about Trump obstructing Justice. But not enough 2 do anything. Yet led impeachment vs. Clinton for lying about sex
No thanks.  Stick to international affairs, your forte.  Why don't you let a bipartisan coalition with some WOMEN take care of healthcare?
Radical - BIPARTISAN!!!!
We voiced it hence you all failed 3x! Quit peddling lies. Be honest and get serious about the real serious work of Healthcare
FIX THE DAMN ACA.  ENOUGH ALREADY!!! A BLACK PRESIDENT DID SOMETHING GREAT! Too bad a bunch of racist GOPers can't handle that!
why did you take money from the healthcare industries.Why do you go against the president whom we voted for.400 million no insurance
As long as they aren't female, poor, older, or have pre-existing conditions. WADR Sir, I think you are very wrong on this one.
50 states equal 50 sets of rules for every state - seems like there should be a national set of rules
A voice doesn't matter if you can't get care.
Their should be one voice regarding healthcare... universal
Nobody believes you. That is why your name is mud.
Yes but how
It's the how that's important
Graham.. it doesn’t matter what u do. Last week u threatened Trump and now his supporters are going to vote u out of office!
Image going to the hospital and getting a quote on fixing a broken arm.  I live in a one hospital town!
Senator - has it been reviewed by other senators?
Give a stronger voice with public hearings for input from citizens, from insurance professionals, and from healthcare professionals.
We tried. Unfortunately, @GOP @SenateGOP @SenMajLdr @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan turned a deaf ear to the people's voice. Sad.
You guys sure do spend an awful lot of time talking shit about the ACA, a GOP/Heritage Foundation healthcare plan. Weird.
"The people" are not experts in healthcare. We elect officials to look out for our best interests. Try doing that- there's a radical idea
#MedicareForAll It works. People on it love it.
Most Americans now assume anything Daddy ConDon's says is a LIE...the DEFINITIVE LIST OF LIES as of July 21st 2017. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/06/23/opinion/trumps-lies.html …
How about preventative care for state employees? #radicalidea
If this is how you help us please stop
A voice falling on deaf ears is useless.
Here's a radical idea-just let me enroll in the health insurance program you get as a public servant
Just work with the ACA or go to single payer.
Single Payer Senator !!!!!!
Stop
At what price? #GrahamCassidy
@sarahkliff @voxdotcom What a radical idea - come up with another shit 4 brains h/c plan where blue states pay 4 broke reds
Come on Goober retweet
Don't act like you're doing anyone a favor while you strip health care away and give yourself ACA benefits.
Why not go away less than 1% of voters, tells me that your word means
nothing to the American people
People have no idea how to run risk pools, hospitals, or pharma corps. That's why we elect you. Unfortunately, you sold us out.
You mean "give the states a nickel and tell them not to spend it all in one place" don't you?
Did you even read the article? It's pretty devastating.
But also federal standards - allow states to determine how but not what.
give them the same fucking care that you have!!
tax payers pay yours, ironic that you dont want them to have any
Were you listening before Obamacare, when millions had ZERO coverage?
Please Senator Graham work towards resuming regular order.  This could be your's and Senator McCain's legacy..a functioning Senate
Or a president that doesn't collude!
That would be great if you would actually listen to the majority of Americans.
What a concept - having a stronger voice about personal health care.
@sarahkliff Lindsey u r wrong 4 the people. Just working 4 special interest, 1% & Trump. U sold ur soul 2 the devil!
Oh yay we can talk about what you have and we don't. That's a load off!
You're just pissed that a black President accomplished what you guys have been "thinking" about since Nixon was #POTUS
Run it through a committee.  Are you afraid of scrutiny?
you mean - as opposed to 13 guys locked up in the Chamber of Secrets??
The people have spoken with a strong voice -- 12% liked the Senate bill to repeal & replace. Work with Dems transparently. #SaveACA
the goal should be every american having *quality* health care/insurance. cutting programs like medicaid is absolutely insane.
Do we really want states competing against each other? I don't want to move to the cheapest healthcare State or move at all.
Only problem - @SenJohnMcCain looks like he has gone over to the other side.
You're not fooling anyone
Totally.

Obamacare lite sucks.  LISTEN TO RAND PAUL.
Did you hear that strong voice from nearly the entire nation telling you that they want to keep their insurance?  Listen up!
Are you on drugs?
Can you insure moreAmericans by doing that?
@sarahkliff @voxdotcom 

Read polls: we HATE what you're trying to do to us!!
You haven't been listening!
The insurance co tell you when and where and who now. I am not talking ACA . How are you going to fix that? #InsCoaretheproblem

I just heard @RandPaul explain your bill. It's pure shit!
It doesn't matter what kind of voice you have if you Congresscritters only listen to the folks who can already afford the best.
I want the ACA to be tweaked and fixed. Stop wasting our time to fill the pockets of the insurance companies!
GOP is obsessed w keeping campaign promises. I remember hearing -EVERYBODY will be covered, at a tiny fraction of the cost. Promise right?
Here's a radical idea -- join the rest of the developed world and have universal healthcare.
It's only your and other Republicans voice not ours
You must be deaf, we've been screaming at you, still you only hear the party
Retweeted your proposal - good one.
People don't want a stronger voice they want essential health coverage.  The issue isn't freedom to choose, it's freedom from financial ruin
You didn't listen to us during entire process. This is hypocritical
By voting Republicans out? The strong voice of the Koch Bros keeps humanity and reality from reaching your ears.
We don't need a VOICE! We need AFFORDABLE, USEFUL, APPROPRIATE, ACCESSIBLE healthcare.  There's not been ONE @GOP rube to present that yet.
Single payer and No private companies involved for profit
I hear all the voices in the Senate saying "screw the poor, our donors need tax cuts"
Another radical idea -- listen to the people who are trying to talk to you. This ain't what we're saying we want.
What the hell do you think all these protest are about you old fool!  We have screamed our lungs telling you to fix Obamacare No Repeal
Do you know why President Trump will not sign your excellent Russia, etc., sanctions bill ?
Time for universal care. I like Israel's approach to universal care. Check it out.
Wait, you let them complain (while you are taking their insurance away)? Yup, that's so radical.
Let's worry about healthcare after we get rid of the nutjob illegitimate phony in the WH, ok? He's is a ticking time-bomb. Healthcare isn't.
Have you asked your constituents (hi!) how well this has worked in SC? So many of your constituents depend on Fed to ensure benefits!
People have been voicing their preferences Lindsay, but GOP has not been listening. How is this different?
People don't want to argue with their state officials. They just want the certainty of health care.
We've made our voices clear, Mr Senator. We don't want repeal and replace, we want stabilize and improve. You just aren't listening.
Would you like me to send you form letters I've received from @SenThomTillis @SenatorBurr @reppittenger where they don't answer any Q's?
Voice??? Have you ever had to spend hours on the phone with an insurance company saying you don't need this treatment or medication?
You republicans(fascists) and your policies have caused me to lose more sleep than ISIS(radical Islamic terrorism) ever has. Think for a min
Yours is great and paid for by us. We need single payer.
Just cut to the chase. Give us single payer. Medicare for all!! Be the hero!
While capping Medicare and cancelling expansion. GTFO
Individuals are powerless against Insurance companies and hospitals. An individuals power lies in group purchasing power and shared costs.
@sarahkliff @voxdotcom
The majority want Dems and Reps to work together .... Are YOU Listening?
Why is this not being brought to the floor ?  Will McCain thumbs down this too ?
The people of THIS country want ACA. Stop with the bullshit!
My voice says leave the ACA and strengthen the markets by supporting them.
What a radical idea....looking at candidates to run against you
Giving up medical coverage in exchange for a right to complain. Thanks, @LindseyGrahamSC !
Let's see your score
Why create a disparity among states? Why should an American have better HC in one state than another? I thought we are all Americans.
Our voices are plenty strong. 15% approval on your slipshod bill. Get YOU EARS CHECKED

If you read the constitution the people have all the voice. You boys and girls in Washington SHOULD answer to us.
ACA worked til GOP sabotaged it. Risk corridors? Linda Graham is a trump enabler.

How about actual access in addition to a voice?  We had this argument already and you said it was fine as is.
sell the idiots sub prime policies that don't cover them when they get sick is the Graham plan.
Please sir please. From a 20 yr RN, mom of kids with chronic illnesses and commercial insurance holder- fix the aca. Please.
This is asinine. can't shop for health care like cars. I just want it to be there and work. Put SC state gov in charge and that's unlikely
The people want Medicaid for all. We've made that clear.
Take health care away from millions, but let them complain about it. Radical indeed!
What a radical idea. ACA provided healthcare for millions to have a voice in.
Senator, clearly you're rightly worried that a respected healthcare policy wonk like Sarah has ripped your plan.
The people are speaking, are you listening? It does not appear that is the case, you are doing your best to hurt SC residents.
@sarahkliff @voxdotcom people don't want that ITS PART OF WHY TRUMPCARE FAILED
Get in your car, drive until there's nothing but trees, get out and then start walking.
Leave your cellphone behind.
We've been screaming about our healthcare and you've been voting yes. Listen to our voices and #SaveACA
A #smart idea, because who doesn't want to be able to control the quality of care they receive ? Often the best option is near them.
By taking away their insurance? You fool no one Lindsey.
When you give people a stronger voice about their health care, they tell Republicans to stay the hell away from it
YOU are actively ignoring our voices, and you are an elected official who is supposed to listen!  #SinglePayerNow
Fund and improve #ACA. Keep Americans insured. #GrahamCassidy relies on states to use grants as intended. SC didn't & won't expand Medicaid
Please do- most Americans are AGAINST repeal - just work with Dems & improve ACA & keep Trump from tanking it  #SinglePayer
But how many uninsured? For how many does 'choice' mean 'can't afford'?
Radically stupid, considering the inelasticity inherent in health care, the information gap between consumer and provider, the deliberate
shortage of doctors, drug patents, unequal bargaining positions, industry consolidation and insurance company exemptions from antitrust.
But what makes you Republicans think that normal people are somehow positioned to negotiate price with a hospital or drug company?
U truly believe u r untouchable. Ppl are waking up hto republicans like u. trying to hurt american ppl. U can and will lose the next electio
Don't do this Graham. Bipartisan fix with @SenateDems or nothing. @gop can't be trusted anymore.

I don't hear many voices say "please take away my healthcare so rich people can get a tax cut". Do you, Lindsay?

Strange, because you've been ignoring the rest of us -- the people -- who've been begging you to stop demolishing our healthcare. Radical!
How quickly could this be voted on?
Or lack thereof
You forgot to add - when they have enough money to afford to
How do you think the cbo will judge it? If it's bad you may lose 3 votes and that's the ball game
