Wait did Obama get Judge Garland?  It was his constitutional right to appoint him but we never saw that vote did we? Don't pull that card.
The choice of SCOTUS went to The People. The People voted in @POTUS 's choice for SCOTUS.
...that is not how any of this works. That's some ex post facto justification if I've ever seen it.
No. I think it's how it worked in the past.
...you realize that article mostly confirms Reid's claim, right? Can you point out where Dems refused to hold a hearing for a nominee?
The Dems created this baby. Shd Republican reps roll over against America too? https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/senate-poised-to-limit-filibusters-in-party-line-vote-that-would-alter-centuries-of-precedent/2013/11/21/d065cfe8-52b6-11e3-9fe0-fd2ca728e67c_story.html …
I notice you're changing the subject and your rationale keeps shifting. Why is that?
And is your argument here "two wrongs make a right"?
Is this how it works; one tweets garbage & the others follow behind eating it up? What an existence? All this life has for u?
Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland
Remember Candidates are nominated by the President of the United State, the Senate Judiciary Committee does not have to conduct hearings
It is their constitutional duty to have a hearing and advise the president. They Republicans were so bad they didn't even have a hearing
Again for the less educated that are mad at the system... THEY DONT HAVE TO
Technically no, but that is no excuse. Their behavior was unprecedented and childish.
Obama put 2 judges on. We were saving the 3rd one for the next president which could have been hillary.
1) We don't 'save' seats. 1/3
Well thats kind of what happened. Obama deciding on 3 seats would have been a travesty.
Hmm. I don't recall Merrick Garland being confirmed.
Lindsey, You're joking, right? April Fools Day is over.
Obama got to put 2 judges on. Garland wasn't his only appointee.
Oh, is there some new rule on how many SCOTUS noms any president gets, or just Obama?
The president isn't the ultimate decider. We have checks a balances. The senate has to vote. Obama appointing 3 justices would have been
Your use of the word "Decider" isn't in our language. Obama had a nominee Mitch wouldn't vote on. Unprecedented. http://thelanguageguy.blogspot.com/2006/04/im-decider_20.html …
It was historically unprecedented but yeah, your tweets are tiresome. You shouldn't use the word retarded either, it's offensive to Palin.
Merrick Garland
Sorry Senator.  You are part of the Senate that blocked Garland and stole seat for the Republicans.
How was it stolen? If Senate decides not to give consent by not voting, that's their prerogative. And Graham voted for Sotomayer & Kagan.
Come back if Ginsberg retires in 2020 and Dems have majority in Senate. I'd consider Garland then. Have to take Sen. maj into account now
@LindsayGrahamSC Do it and when it bites you in the a&&, you can use #trumpGOPNoCare to fix it! Elections will have consequences
So you are confirming Garland? If not then it sounds like you are a liar.
If I recall, @LindseyGrahamSC, didn't conservatives maintain the swing in their favor with Scalia on the #SCOTUS bench?
Ur side always cheats since there has been a "your side" til today in the South; reactionaries always cheated! Even when they were Dems!
??? Remember  Merrick Garland????
@LindseyGrahamSC Senator, I generally respect you, but the hypocrisy in this statement is stunning.
Don't go Nuclear.Think about it #Proposal #PatriotsNeeded #delayGorsuchVote until #investigation #russiagate #taxReturns #whatDoYouHave2lose
Someone needs to give Sister Graham a peppermint and tell her to sit her ass down.
I'm a deep Anglo-Texan goin' back B4 Texas was a Mex. state. We were CSA in the War 'tween The States & bled in every war the US has fought!
Really dude???  What planet did you come from?
What? #garland @LindseyGrahamSC #voteout sick of the partisanship! Let's talk the last 8 years.
Garland.
Merrick Garland
Remember Candidates are nominated by the President of the United State, the Senate Judiciary Committee does not have to conduct hearings
I don't know Lindsey we got cheated outta a President Obama appointee
Remember that election 2018!
What happen to Merrick Garland's confirmation hearing?
Merrick Garland
@LindseyGrahamSC awwww, you can't have it, take your toys and leave, sad reply
For the love of God, have you left no sense of decency? Garland was run out of DC on a pike and you have the unmitigated gall to say this?
Remember Candidates are nominated by the President of the United State, the Senate Judiciary Committee does not have to conduct hearings
Our society runs on what our normative obligations are, not just formal rules. Conservatives, and all of us, should we well aware of that!
Makes a lot of since, let the opposing party have their way because it's the "normative obligation". I am sure dems would have did the norm
But you are arguing that we should all ignore this hypocrisy and the Dems should just let the opposing party have their way. Which is it?
Excuse me?!
Exactly. Ever heard of Merrick Garland?
Good thing you haven't destroyed ACA yet. It covers amnesia. Everyone else remembers Merrick Garland. Look it up.
Seriously, @LindseyGrahamSC? Hey, remember how you all wouldn't even give Garland a hearing?

@LindseyGrahamSC ok, now read that back to yourself and apply some logic. You are tearing the fabric of our governance apart.
@LindseyGrahamSC once you think he is an adult, boom, back to preschool.
Merrick Garland
But but but
Rs would not comfirm Obamas federal judges. And then ignored Garland. D's would not have done that. Not 1 honest R. Fed soc.picked Gorsuch
@LindseyGrahamSC You mean like that time Obama got Merrick Garland? Oh wait. #hypocrite
bull..@LindseyGrahamSC is voting for him because he likes to talk big but he votes Trump
we’ve always been at war with #eastasia #revisonisthistory much?
@LindseyGrahamSC I'm a big fan Lindsey but this is very disappointing.
They must have workshops on how to crap all over us while telling us it's roses from heaven. It never friggin ends '#changetherules!!' ?!?!
I hope sc  is getting ready to get rid of him!!!
Graham what a short memory you have! Maybe Alzheimer's is setting in
Could someone show the Senator from South Carolina to the door ... @LindseyGrahamSC #MerrickGarland
One of the most disgusting features of the modern GOP is their complete lack of shame.
Graham is a loonie tune with a very bad memory! Not to mention a whole lot more bad! Maybe he'll explode.
@LindseyGrahamSC how many times did you obstruct PBO? You're outraged when you wouldn't even give Merrick Garland a hearing?nfw
Merrick. Garland.  IT HAPPENED.
But you're part of a Senate that doesn't even hear Democrat nominees. Maybe it's time to resign, Senator @LindseyGrahamSC?
Umm
Liar
gee senator they have been getting theirs ever since Bork
Oh come on @LindseyGrahamSC, I have to stop you right there because that's one of the most hypocritical things I've ever heard.
Awesome!  Does that mean he'll retire now?
After what happened with Garland. You just lost my respect
Where is the leadership?
@LindseyGrahamSC
@LindseyGrahamSC and @SenateMajLdr "get theirs" by disrespecting #Obama & #MerrickGarland. #StolenSeat #hypocrites
@LindseyGrahamSC are you kidding me?  You helped ensure that Obama's court pick didn't even get a look! #liar
Republicans have had a majority on the Supreme Court for 45 years.  I think Republicans have had a lot more of their judges than Democrats.
Soon will be weeping and throwin an all out tantrum
They literally just stole a Supreme Court seat from the Democrats because they thought a Republican should fill it.
Under what logic is this "their" judge? Why do they get an exclusive claim to that seat?
Sen. Graham you & @SenateGOP robbed @POTUS44 & the American people of the seat Obama had the Constitutional RIGHT to fill. #MerrickGarland
He helped start this whole mess when he wouldn't even support a hearing on Judge Garland. #Pathetic #SoSad #ShouldaDoneYourJob
the hypocrisy of that claim is astounding.
60 votes should be mandatory we don't need left-wing or right-wing wackos in on the court
@LindseyGrahamSC  Merrick Garland
Please see a neurologist, senator.  You clearly have memory problems.
Hmm court has had a conservative majority for 40 years, so.....thats a lie. In fact does @LindseyGrahamSC think the Garland obstruct was OK?
Liar and hypocrite.
#MerrickGarland 
Your hypocrisy is showing, @LindseyGrahamSC
Oh, you must be part of the Senate that doesn't give qualified Dem nominees a hearing. That's it!
I am surprised that gay veterans like Lindsey Graham act like this.
Seriously, the hypocrisy. It's just...amazing.
Merick Garland !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They sheer audacity of Republican hypocrisy is stunning. They demand that we believe in their alternative reality as convenient to them.


Really was Graham in a coma in 2016
Good !
We're all sick of leftist group mind think !
Rules/laws 4thee but not 4me under their thumb
Now The People have spoken !
#MAGA !
@LindseyGrahamSC Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
Seriously, @LindseyGrahamSC? Seriously? Two words for you, you sad little man:  

MERRICK GARLAND. 

Now stop yer whining. It's unbecoming.
the ignorance is astonishing. Obama denied his judge, not even a vote. Gorsuck getting a vote.
No you think the  Supreme Court should be 5-4, in favor of cons forever. Like it's a right, it's not. If anything it should be a centrist.
But you see it was republicans who started this fight.
Shame on you, @LindseyGrahamSC : MERRICK GARLAND. you do not get to pretend to be the innocent here
Oh man, @LindseyGrahamSC. Just when I thought you weren't half bad. Remember, Merrick Garland?
Funny how GOP rationalize Trump is more entitled to appt. SCOTUS when he's been in POTUS for 2 months, 35% appr rating & under investigation
And an election. Is coming up in 2018 so the people must decide then. Republicans rules not ours gotta live by your own rules
Because Dems got Garland? Sweet. Didn't remember that happening.
@LindseyGrahamSC YOU SIR ARE A #HYPOCRITE TOTAL #HYPOCRISY
You do realize presidents are elected to 4 year term not 3 if that's the case the Donald can't nominate any judges in his 4th year.
Instead @LindseyGrahamSC wants to be part of a Senate where GOP get their judges but Democrats don't get theirs. #Garland #GrandTheftSCOTUS
GOP blocked 79 Obama nominees w/ filibuster before Reid used nuclear option
@GOP blatantly blocked @potus44 #SCOTUS pick in #unprecedented #obstruction of our #democracy but now are crying about a legit filibuster
@LindseyGrahamSC This hypocrisy from Graham is now frequent.When asked to honor his constituents wishes, he instead makes it ME, ME, ME
Merrick Garland is laughing bitterly right now at this.
We the people will go nuclear on you.  We told you we did not like Gorsuch.
That can't be a serious comment
.We DIDN'T get our judges, @LindseyGrahamSC. Quit feigning short-term memory loss.
I'm a dem and we DID NOT get ours.
My head is exploding at the hypocrisy...why did Obama not get his nominee even CONSIDERED?? #donteven 
The view from Lancaster, SC as severe #storms move through the area today. Tornado watch is in affect for this area!
The Republicans hypocrisy is incredible. The get all sanctimonious when the shoe is on the other foot.
@LindseyGrahamSC merrick garland in case you missed the earlier tweets
Very disappointing that Repubs can rise above politics and elect Justices Kagan & Sotomayor but Dems keep pouting.
You're joking right? Merrick Garland? Ring a bell?
Sen Graham just wants to be a hypocrite instead.  What a tool.
2 words for him Merrick Garland
two words Joe Biden
Merrick Garland!!!  Merrick Garland!!!   Merrick Garland!!!  Merrick Garland!!!  Merrick Garland!!!  Merrick Garland!!!   Merrick Garland!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC Merrick Garland not getting a hearing or a vote? Change the nominee not the rules!!!!! Centrist judge needed.
@cnn @LindseyGrahamSC If you go nuclear you and rest of neocons will pay in 2018!!
That was OUR seat. You stole it.
Sounding more & more like a child. What happened to your objectivity? You on the " about to crash, Trump Train"?
@LindseyGrahamSC Have you gone senile, man? The Democratic President - not under investigation for treason - was denied his pick by GOP.
Good. I'd love for him to resign.
When demographics finally catches up with politics, the GOP is gonna regret this.
When did the Dems get theirs?

How about where the people get their judges?
The Democrats didn't get theirs. #hypocrisy
@LindseyGrahamSC I hope in your old age the hypocrisy of this comment - al la Mr. Garland - haunts you. Why can't you be better than this?
Graham helped block the POTUS from doing his duties with the SCOTUS last year, and now it's not ok?
Then don't let the door hit you on the @$$ on the way out!
ah, isn't it nice how Merrick Garland is on the supreme court...? (I fully support Lindsey Graham quitting the Senate)
So we got Garland?  Yay!!
So, how did you vote on Merrick Garland's hearing?
These dudes @SenateMajLdr & the rest of the Repubs R seriously out chea acting like Merrick Garland was not nominated. ##gthoh
Uhhh Merrick Garland?
This is quite humorous.
I really hope the media laughed in his face. Or at least said the words "Merrick Garland"
Send him a pizza with Merrick Garland's name spelled out. Every week.
Remember Candidates are nominated by the President of the United State, the Senate Judiciary Committee does not have to conduct hearings
@LindseyGrahamSC - you sound like Trump. Hypocrite.
.... Merrick Garland?
@LindseyGrahamSC he must have meant that Garland was getting a vote this week too. WTF
Are you kidding me??? Merrick Garland.   NO NUCLEAR OPTION! DO NOT BREAK OUR GOV'T! Rules are there for a reason.
Really? But you were perfectly happy to be part of a Senate that denied the process of confirming a SCOTUS nominee of a sitting president?
Freaking hypocrite.  Republicans wouldn't even vote re Garland to have their "no" against this genuine moderate recorded
Lindsey must have a pretty damn short memory if he's retweeting this
@LindseyGrahamSC The hypocrisy is not lost on him. Oh wait, yeah it is
Go nuclear or not, GOP, but spare us the fucking bullshit rationalizations
Wow Lindsey Graham is one of the worst people in the world.  Lies. #oppositeday
WTF #MerrickGarland

@LindseyGrahamSC is such a hypocrite
A friend of mine asked if I thought it hurt when they had his memory of 2016 stolen.
@LindseyGrahamSC What about Merrick Garland? You are the definition of a hypocrite!
He doesn't see the complete hypocrisy of this statement does he? #Garland
So Graham is resigning?
You get your judges, just not this one. Try someone more centrist
I'm sorry @LindseyGrahamSC, we didn't get ours. What are you talking about? Does Merrick Garland ring a bell?
Obama appointed 2 justices. Why can't we appoint 1?
@LindseyGrahamSC No shame. PS just come out of the closet - we know you are Gay - most of us won't care - your GOP pals might
@LindseyGrahamSC Ahem, Judge Garland.
Has he been in coma for that past 2 years
The*
Methinks the lady doth protest too much. #Garland
Yo @LindseyGrahamSC MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK…
The whole GOP are a bunch of frauds
two words Lindsay: Merrick Garland. Go suck on it.
What have you been drinking @sengraham2016 ?
Jumped on the Hamilton bandwagon too. I love the show, but very telling - A.Ham believed power belonged with wealthy elites, not the public.
Where does Merrill Garland fit into this narrative?
Only fair, considering Dems got Garland...er, wait...
Merrick Garland?!??  Anyone??
@LindseyGrahamSC Are you talking about Merrick Garland??
the DEMS got Garland so what's the fuss. Oh wait they didn't. Not a hearing. Gorsuch is for Corp not people but who counting
Then POTUS should nominate someone agreeable to both parties. Isn't that the point? BO nominated a moderate. DJT nominated an extremist.
Gorsuch is the most qualified candidate for the job in existence. How is he an extremist? He even stated he not overturning roe v wade.
sucks being you
@LindseyGrahamSC go for it, Lindsey. The Dems have all the support in the World for their right to filibuster. change the rules.
speechless.
Then he should have tried to give Merrick Garland's name a vote.
Remember Candidates are nominated by the President of the United State, the Senate Judiciary Committee does not have to conduct hearings
Saying this over & over again doesn't make the hypocrisy any less than it already is by the Republicans
It's not hypocrisy when obama appointed 2 judges and all we want is one.
