Proud? Why. There's *nothing* to be proud about. @LindseyGrahamSC
While I appreciate your dedication to your values, I'm disappointed they prioritize the @GOP agenda above our country. @LindseyGrahamSC
Their values are corporate .. and corporate only
You only had to break 200 years of precedent to get to it.
Harry Reid did nuclear to get what Democrats wanted.
Reconciliation on ACA isn't nuclear
The ACA isn't what we're talking about.
So what filibusters did Reid bust with the nuclear option?
Lower court nominees
I'd have to further investigate. But this nuclear option by McConnell has just politicized irreparably SCOTUS
Exactly.
Graham's vote for Justice Gorsuch=FASCIST US NATIONAL CORPORATE SECURITY STATE of the corporation, by the corporation, for the corporation.
You should be ashamed. You and the GOP are traitors to your country. Destroying Democracy for Theocracy. Shame on you!
At one moment in time you showed signs of caring about America, the is not one of those. Placing LGBT hating  judge on SCOTUS is wrong
Any #IllegitimatePOTUS nominee is illegitimate as well. #IllegitimateSCOTUS! #Gorsuch #Treason

#TrumpRussia #RussiaGate #PutinsPuppet
Aww. Too bad the FBI et al hasn't been able to validate a single iota of the #RussianDossier HOAX in over 9 months. Carry on, loser! #MAGA
Republican SCOTUS majority=corporations will have free reign to screw their employees, customers, air, water...The Robber Barons rule again!
This is my nation, my world, my say & money #ceo/owner
I just want to know when SC has enough sense to get you out of office.
We will see.
At one moment in time you showed signs of caring about America, the is not one of those. Placing women hating judge on SCOTUS is wrong
At one moment in time you showed signs of caring about America, the is not one of those. Placing uncaring  judge on SCOTUS is wrong
If gorsuch had any respect for the Constitution we would decline his appointment.
I am so glad to hear you are so glad you helped make Supreme Court totally partisan Dems win Senate in 2018 you just lost nomination ability
Once upon a time you used to work across the aisle with HRC. You have become a toady for the GOP. NEVER try to come out. We'll be waiting.
If a justice is appointed by an illegitimate president, does that make the justice illegitimate? By associative principles? Just asking.
Nuclear option necessary, though.  Sad day for the Senate.  And the man, judgie that he is, does not have a generous heart.
Such a Yes Man. Sad.
Should have been Merrick Garland. Also eminently qualified.
shame shame shame!
I love ur & @SenJohnMcCain politics but this nuclear option is going to screw our countries checks and balances system for years to come.
STOLEN SEAT ILLEGITIMATE JUDGE PICKED BY RUSSIAN AGENT
At one moment in time you showed signs of caring about America, the is not one of those. Placing Corporate owned judge on SCOTUS is wrong
At one moment in time you showed signs of caring about America, this is not one of those. Placing Christian Taliban judge on SCOTUS is wrong
Simple majority vote is a very dangerous precedent.  Disgraceful
You mean you're proud to change the rules to fit you political gains
And I, therefore, will be glad to cast my vote AGAINST you, as always, when you're up for reelection. 
you voted yourself out. The people won't continue to allow its government to continuously trample their rights and best interests.#TRAITOR
I'm sure your constituents back home will be just as proud when they cast votes to put you OUT! Bye girl!
Et tu Lindsey?
I'm disappointed. I thought you and McCain were better men. Wrong.
You shouldn't be...
@SenJohnMcCain You are liars cheats and traitors. Old too so thank god we won't have u around for long
Shame on you Lindsey. You and your party obstructed Garland and 8 years of Obama. Not working for the people.
Damn. You were doing so good standing against Trump. You're a regular old bought politician. Shame for SC
Yes, I'm happy too
Proud to end the concept of advise and consent? Enjoy life when the liberals take over.
#voteforGarland you hypocrite.
I will proudly cast my vote for your opponent.
There is nothing for you to be proud of GOP is in it for themselves not the people
Sad day for future generations, Thanks Lindsey
PROUD TO VOTE YOU OUT!!
Is #gorsuch paying you by the tweet? Good god. Give it an f'n break. You only got him confirmed by changing the rules.
@LindseyGrahamSC I will never vote for you again. Badly done!
Thief.
You are the AT&T of people. I suppose it's easier to blindly follow the party than have integrity or think for yourself. For shame.
Thank you Senator Graham.
He will be no friend to Wonen's rights in his votes - I HATE that the Male- still in this Century thinks they can RULE our bodies - PIGS
Proud to steal a SCOTUS seat.
When this Admin. is found to be result of treason, Trump and his tainted choices will be revisited. There is a bigger pic!
glad to know you're proud of putting power over integrity. We'll remember this in 2020 #StolenSeat
51 votes needed to impeach.  Nuclear option. Awesome.
And I will be proud to vote for your opponent in 2020
Proud to have you as our. senator
I hope your the folks in your district remember that make you pay in the voting booth
Fake Justice, Graham. The Senate, all of it, are just whiney little kids who change the rules when they can't play nice. No credibility.
I wouldn't be that proud! History will NOT BE FAVORABLE 2 U & your party! Again, showing 0 integrity! A very BAD day 4 !
You will rue the day the @GOP changed the rules
#MerrickGarland   Why weren't you proud to support this centrist? GOP is the party of hypocrisy.
Shame you couldn't find the time to even meet with Merrick Garland.
#confirmgarland
Proud when your bought and paid for ass is gone!
Let's see what happens over the next few years,  and we'll revisit this statement. Sound like a plan?
Shame on you and @GOP for invoking nuclear option. Worse than Harry Reid. #hypocrits
UR true self has been revealed - a politician without integrity. Garland should be on the SCOTUS, if you valued democracy. Shame on you
Do you like echo chambers?
Judge Gorsuch is a deserving and capable jurist with a great respect for the Constitution. He is an excellent addition to the Court.
Bullshit
You are a great disappointment.
Thank you for doing this, America will be great again
Hypocrite.  #confimGarland.
It's not even a majority win. Win by force. But you got your way. Nothing to be proud of. #nuclearoption

You know him personally. Doesn't surprise me.
A sham. Merrick Garland's seat forever.
I would be curious to hear what this 'originalist' would say about how he got his seat in the first place. Supposed Joe Biden rule
You must be senile. Get out and stop stealing the taxpayers dollars of your constituents. You know? The ones you are supposed to represent!!
hmmmm, really don't see how you can be proud of what your party did to vote him into this position.
You should be ashamed for the vote you cast against democracy
You and your colleagues have succeeded in effectively dismantling our government.  That, sir, is nothing to be proud of.
Lol. What will you NOT cast a vote for when Trump tugs on your chain? #PresidentsPuppet
I will be equally proud to cast my vote for anyone but you next time you're up for reelection.
.@LindseyGrahamSC To everyone who voted single issue - USSC - to elect Trump. You got your guy. Now I hope you stand up against all the BS.
Illegitimate process for an illegitimate president.
Puke
There will always be an asterisk by his name.
As your constituent I'm ashamed of your vote and #NuclearOption vote so I will cast mine a different way when I get my chance
Nothing to be proud of with that vote for alt-right nomination
#gorsuch @GOP #enemy of #women! #ready #fight #republican #waronwomen! #notgoingback! #womensrightsarehumanrights! #IStandWithPP! #2018!
rememberGarland
Proud?! You should be ashamed. #StolenSeat #MerrickGarland
Nothing to be proud of
Do SC a favor and go far, far, far away!
Lindsay, you should just deactivate your Twitter account. Nobody gives a s*** what you think!
It will always be a STOLEN ILLEGITIMATE SEAT!!!!!!
Garland
It's awesome you weaken the senate to do so. You showed that USA doesn't need senate. For what? Gorsuch? Like he's some generational mind.
loser hypocrite
Proud you should be ashamed!
You should be ashamed the lengths you and your party had to go to realize that end. Shame on you and all your colleagues.
#cheaters
You obviously just sent those surveys out for shits and giggles. 2018 elections here we come.
But you weren't proud enough to do your job as a senator when "the black guy" nominated a perfectly-qualified judge, were you? Hypocrite!!!
And we will remember NOT to vote for your ass come the next election!
We shouldn't even considered a nomination in the president's last year in office. #trumprussia
Very sad day for women and any person who does not fit into the conservative "normal", but so happy you are proud. Good for you.
Party before country.
I'm done with you. my brief and hopeful belief that you would helped save us is over. it's back to our one-sided feud. #disappointed #resist
Terrible decision. Thanks for contributing to partisanship & ruining our country.
SHAME
Disappointed, Lindsey.  Let's discuss this over drinks sometime.
Booooooo
i respect your vote for #gorsuch.  however your vote for allowing simple majority for @scotus was disaster that will haunt #us for long time
Not surprised Lindsey. Not at all.
proud to say I'm donating to your opponent next time you are up for reelection #votethemout
Should have been proud to give Merrick  Garland a hearing. Your pride seems to be attached to party, not country or right thing to do, sad.
Illegitimate.
Your salary should be docked from refusing to do your job to hear Garland. Is it your position that Fed workers can refuse to do their jobs?
How about garland u obstructionist
So much for integrity. 200 years of tradition. Poof.
I respect you, however, one shouldn't be proud of confirming the choice of POTUS under FBI investigation for treason. Sad day for US.
Thank you for standing strong!
You and @SenJohnMcCain are clowns. I'm now cured of my bout of respect for both of you.
The people see your errors, why can't you?
Not to mention the President is under investigation and it should have been delayed until the investigation is over.
absolutely! #TrumpRussia
really. No shame at all??  Your conscience doesn't bother you in the slightest #garnett? Of course not - your a politician
No shame, huh? Must be nice to have no conscience. I'm sure life is easier that way.
#StolenSeat
how would you have voted on Garland if given the chance? Still proud?
He would have voted for him like he did with President Obama's other two nominees.
I deeply respect you, but GOP disrespected Const. in blocking Garland and has blown up Senate to confirm a justice out of the mainstream.
You should be ashamed after not even giving President Obama's nominee a hearing. Poor leadership.
Thief
#MerrickGarland #StolenSeat #Karma
#shame
#IllegitimateSCOTUSJustice
#stolenseat
Shame. Just remember: Karma is a bitch wih a long memory.
Proud? Really? Pleased you got your way, okay. Proud?
He should be ashamed,  not proud. As should the 2 from Texas. And all the rest of the Republican sheeple.
Word.
We hate you for this
Thief
And I am proud to be a Democrat. Karma is coming for you and your waste of a political party. Also proud to unfollow your hypocritical ass
you should be ashamed for destroying the integrity of the Senate.
Stolen seat now held by someone who values corporations over human beings. Great job.
You're proud of stealing a SCOTUS seat? Are you also proud of the nuclear option? You sold your soul for party loyalty. Disgusting.
Shame on you
illegitimate.
Gorsuch will corrupt the intent of the constitution. Your betrayal of WE THE PEOPLE will be remembered. @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr
A shameful day when our lawmakers change the rules instead of abiding by them, disregarding the very reason our country is great: its laws.
I was starting to mistake you for a statesman instead of a yes-man.  Never again.
And don't forget that believes the disabled are second class citizens who don't deserve equal educational opportunities.
Another "victory" for the corporate takeover of our American democracy.  Well done!  "In Corporations We Trust" should be on our currency!!
Rep made it 51 vote approval AND 51 vote impeachment correct?
.@LindseyGrahamSC yet you refused to even give Merrick Garland a hearing #hypocrites
even my toddler understands it's wrong to cut in line. Breaching norms to pack the Court is a game that two can play.
I expected more from you, guess I and others were wrong. Did your decision come with a check?
He wants Roe v Wade overturned
Sorry Lindsey didn't know God appointed you as a women's advocate. I don't need you or any other man make decisions for me!
Specifically brought RvW up during final committee vote
#asshat
the games you played with garland vote are discussing and you know it. Nothing to be proud of
#Proud of you for doing so.
translation: proud u cheated to get your way.
Boo hiss, Sen Graham.  Boo hiss.
Stolen seat handed to a president installed by Russia.Should have never been allowded. Especially now that we know McConnell knew abt Russia
#WhyNotGarland
your pride will turn to shame when the fallout from this theft becomes manifest.
Proud to have an authoritarian government that changes the rules because their views are unpopular. #ImpeachGorsuch
Proud to hold you accountable.

You must be proud of your vote to terminate the Senate as a deliberative and consensus seeking body!
Shame on @SenateGOP for not even giving Garland a hearing. No profiles in courage there. #SCOTUS #NuclearOption
Are you proud of what your leader did to steal this seat?
You would be...
