we need an independent investigation! Counting on leaders  like you who have integrity to call for it!
we see right through your B S
They love talking to #nevertrumpers who are financed by Soros to try to delegitimize POTUS. #GoodmorningliberalAmerica
just don't "Speak" do something
unless you're announcing you're pushing for full, FAIR, bipartisan investigation don't waste our time.
we are going to investigate why Hillary sold our uranium to Russia first k?
please stop with the Russia conspiracies. What about felony leakers? #GRAHAMRINO
are you going to join the Trump administration
Please do your job and get to the truth.  The citizens deserve the facts. Truth matters
You came off like a punk this morning.  Stop pussyfooting around and take action.  #BenedictDonald
Good 4u being a patriot&doing the right thing.Im not a conservative,but admire and respect you.USA is lucky 2 have u
.    That says  it  all
Mr.Graham you will not be reelected if you keep up the hate against Trump..R u a democrat now or just a traitor...
why not go back on Fox news so we'll get the REAL truth?
set them straight Senator Graham
no doubt throwing the President under the bus. What ever you do, do not get in between Lindsay grahamnesty and a mic!!
citizens are watching congress like a hawk.  Do the right thing!  I do not feel safe w russian spy ship off Delaware
Non story.  I was in the Navy.  Those ships (and planes) have been there for years and years.
may be true but now off CT, they fired a missile and moving further into crimea. Oh yeah poisoned another
No more war! We have bigger enemies that you are in bed with. Russia is the least of our worries!
When  are you coming to SC for a town hall meeting with your constituents?
You are a Traitor to the Republican Party and to the Country who is working 4 Obama and Clinton to dismantle the USA!!
Your "Russian"  utter nonsense allows Liberal Dems 2 advance false narrative vs. POTUS that U know is untrue. U R Shameful!
You know what's really #unAmerican? Being complicit on #collusion
independent investigation
traitor to the party and South Carolina you will be voted out
shouldn't you be more concerned about why the obama admin illegal wire tapped gen Flynn and who is leaking intelligence?
@Oscjay920 @LindseyGrahamSC Yeah, Graham should also be concerned about everyone knowing he gets funding from Soros!
With McCain
Don't watch abc either #fakenews. Won't see you there.
Thank you.
<< ABC, NBC, CBS, CNN ALL Alt Left Media and you're a 'regular.' You're fake news!
Make sure to visit CNN your audience & followers.  Fellow Soros soldier with McCain .  Who do u think  u are fooling
do something!
Put country B4 politics & investigate Trump's Russian connections!
@abcnews This Dem thanks you for supporting #checksandbalances. Sleepless nights worrying whether @GOP would #resist.
do you JOB trump is a TRAITOR 
#illegitimatepresident 
Suit filed #ReVote
Maybe you Can call for impeachment with your sister minoriy leader.
Mr Graham you should be talking to Fox News they are unbiased
thank you for speaking up. All Americans should be concerned about trump ties with Russia. We need trump taxes
RUSSIAN AMBASSADOR TALKS WERE VIOLATED AND PUBLISHED BY ANTI TRUMP MEDIA! RUSSIA HAS RIGHTS TO RESPOND WITH SPYSHIP!
STOP SAYING RUSSIA IS "TESTING" TRUMP! IS A HUGE LIE & YOU KNOW IT. RUSSIA RESPONDS TO INTEL LEAKS AGAINST AMBASSADOR!
licking more saudi ass working, mo money mo money
Select Committee needed to investigate Trump admin. Bigger than Watergate, this is national security
Connections between Pres T and Russia (business-wise).  Americans demand the release of Pres T's tax returns - last 10 yrs.
thank you for your service and standing up to Trump. We need to know. Flynn did not act without someone's guidance. + TAXES
Good - don't wuss out! You been talking a big game-let's see you actually do something about it. Country over Party!
we need independent review - IN PUBLIC! Not behind closed doors! Thers's a record of shady deals!
If you let this betrayal stand, you're complicit in the betrayal of the American people & the degradation of our democracy.
Great. Just great. Lemme guess. Russia bad. Must destroy.
be on the right side of history Mr Graham! Outside investigation!#russiagate #Trumprussia #Flynnghazi #
We must have a full investigation into Obama's/Hillary's sale of uranium to our enemy, Russia!
Dont be USED by #biasedmedia. Don't fall for rumor, innuendo. They need to name sources or sit down. Stand up 4 POTUS!
Keep it up! I was raised in a Republican household and voted for McCain when I was 18! I changed views but I respect you
you say Russia and "Trump person" needs to pay price. You forgot @realDonaldTrump.
Your interview makes me hopeful for the 1st time in days. PLEASE get his taxes. Thanks for your service!
Stay true to your leader and focus on ISIS - you are falling into the left's story
@ABCNetwork @ABC is acting like Chicken Little waiting for the sky to fall. Journalism is dead!
please help keep us from losing all credibility around the world because of trump & putin, WE'RE becoming a JOKE. HELP
Get some guts and defend the President.  Deplorable when you say the WH is in disarray.
You little weasel. You won't be speaking. Johnny boy has his hand up your rear, & moves all your parts.
really I am a Jamaican u not talking about the leaks just about Russia huh.
You seem more concerned with pleasing CNN than us voters.  Please leave Flynn alone!
you sir should be a shame of your self. You ethics is eroding. Anything to take down our POTUS. Shame on you
counting on you to do what is right
@SenSchumer @SenJohnMcCain @GMA @DNC @marcorubio @Impeach_D_Trump @TeaPainUSA  @maddow @gop
You should go to the Democrat side, we all know you are a POS Trump hater along with McCain! unAmerican you are!!
thank you for standing up! Because I'm watching
Look at the responses please, we are SCREAMING for help! DO SOMETHING or quit your job!
too bad you don't work harder to promote the things that matter to us and not yourself
good try not to act like a total trader against our president
.@LindseyGrahamSC @GMA commenting on Trump's Crazy Train?
You gonna bring the hammer down or just toe the party line? #Ontherightsideofhistory
Please don't overlook Pence and Bannon in this investigation
@HouseDemocrats   Trump has conflict of interest w/ Russia. He will protect his Russian financ. interests. Its that simple.
thank you for being honest and not making this political - everyone simply wants the truth. Please find it.
need a full blown independent investigation to save our democracy, someone needs to push @SenateMajLdr  that way
please do something to save our country! Get @POTUS out of there!!
speak up Graham. I heard you this morning, but we need to see action.....
Didn't watch, but I know what you said, repeat what McCain said....Go home both of you!!
America needs your leadership to get to the bottom of Trump and Russia. Country before party!
and making sense. Look into this!
great speech this morning!
All you do is SPEAK! All talk #LOSER
@GabiGaberialle @GMA ACTION SPEAKS LOUDER THAN WORDS..
Very true, but right now, Senator Graham & Senator McCain are about our only GOP hope & we need them
Key word HOPE. Let's pray they do the right thing.
believe me, I am, fervently.
He will in the end..Boy I wish he was president now...Anybody
please do something, I'm calling, I'm writing letters, I'm scared
@JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz  follow Graham's example
Keeps saying 'if it is true'. What's the evidence that it's not true?
please maintain independence throughout and get to the bottom of this mess
i am a democrat and i am happy with what you had to say this morning on ABC Mr Graham
I'm watching. ..thank you.   Doing great
hopefully about creating an independent counsel or commission to investigate
I'm glad you are for America rather than playing party politics.
Good Wednesday Morning, Sen.Lindsey Graham
Very impressed with your words this morning, sir.
don't give in this time @LindseyGrahamSC .
we need a serious investigation. Before untold harm is done.
more cover ups and lies?
Demand an investigation of Trump and Russia! #stoppartypolitics
Thank you for speaking your mind and trying to do your job can you light a fire under the rest of the Republicans
Please raise hell about this. Russia knows exactly what's it's doing and this behavior is frightening.
great, please announce an investigation into the administration, impeachment for treason.
Charge them as traitors. The people will remember who put country over politics. #TraitorousTrump
there needs to be an honest investigation into this. Please make this happen for the citizens of South Carolina.
G'WAN nah, Senatuh! You show dem dyere Siberian shitboids how we does tangs sout uh da Mason Dixon. GIT IT SON!
Speaking about Russia "AND TRUMP"
What is happening in DC is so just wrong.  Please speak for us and right this ship.
thanks for the heads up so i can turn the channel
Look at all the liberals coming out of the woodwork saying nice things about the GOP for first time. Leave Trump alone
Country before party please....
please ensure Americans are given the answers they deserve no matter how unflattering to any person or party
Get #traitor @gop Leader out of office. Talk about that!
GOP hacked also not just dnc  what blackmail has Russia hold over GOP? You Mcconnell trump ... all covering up Russia
Quit spreading your fake news lies. We voted for Trump, get over it. There is no vast conspiracy with Russia. #MAGA
As usual my senator runs to the MSM. Lost my vote.
Close your eyes & Imagine a D admin had done all these things--then take action!
Saw it. you need to investigate to find out the truth. you don't wait for the truth, then investigate. #partyb4country
America deserves to know we can trust our government!!! We must investigate,
we need an investigation of these contacts and we MUST see what's in his tax returns
good that Flynn is gone/don’t forget smarter one still there-Bannon- knows to not get caught in things.
Good to see someone in politics who's an American 1st not republican or democrat. TRUMP MUST GO! USA USA USA USA 
you can't hide those lying eyes!!
I am a dem and you are my new hero!THANK YOU senator!The fate of our nation is in the senate's hands.
Thank You.  Please let the truth be told.
Please be a hero and demand an investigation. Save America from the Russians!
Do something useful and investigate the leaks or Republicans will never be able to lead!
well said! Now let's address the leaked wiretapped conversation of #Flynn its is a criminal action!
please investigate Trump Team to protect this great nation from foreign subterfuge.
never has your country needed you more.
Let's see if you put country before party.
Well done. watched your interview & finally feel a republican senator is putting America first. Checks are relevant!
heard conversation on @GMA... sounds a reasonable AND measured approach!  Counting on you and colleague @SenatorTimScott
Thank you for a strong response. I hope other senators will have your back.
well said, please practice what you preach.  The concerns throughout 45 campaign are coming to fruition in Exec
thank you Senator for wanting to investigate this. Please do not sweep it under the rug
save us :)
We the People are depending on you! Please investigate @POTUS and his ties to Russia.
ive been your critic. I see you are also capable. Its time to show us what side of history youll be on
job well done. Please follow through with what you said. Don't get pushed around by Trump administration.
Thank you for into this possible game changing problem with Russia. Too many GOP run only on party lines. TY
boo!!
Special Prosecutor now!
The investigation MUST be independent.  Too much party over country.
Country before Party, Sen. Graham. Independent, bipartisan investigation w/ subpoena power. Start with taxes.
Looking for a leader...can you help?
DO IT!!!  NO MORE COVERUPS
thanks for being willing to cross party lines to protect democracy
looking good Lindsey!
country before party...do right by  us!
How about investigating ties between Comey and Trump?
who cares
Please resign. You contribute nothing to American discourse except division, jealousy & war mongering.
tell it how it is Senator! 
don't sugar coat this - it will splash back!
funny u jumped on thiswhile our insurance exploded priorities
As a constituent, I expect you will be pushing for a full investigation and that @jeffsessions recuse himself
@ABC  How are you voting today on bill to give access to GUNS to mentally ill people? You will be held accountable!
persist
We'll be watching
please don't act tough about Russia when you approved Putin's BFF Tillerson to Sec. Of State.
this is out side your lane.  This is the @StateDept s job.
don't let up on this!  Issue transcends politics!
Please, save us!
They won't investigate. Republicans are ABOVE THE LAW. If a dem had done this....
Do your job and demand an investigation
Who is protecting Americans? Certainly not the GOP. The world is watching this circus. Party over US safety?
@SenJohnMcCain I hope we can honestly get to the bottom,Republican party won't be trusted unless all traitors r purged
including  graham & McCain
