But it's ok if Russia meddles in our election. Trump State Media, again.
Russia's been trying for a long time. Nothing new. But didn't cause Clinton to lose. Clinton did.
It's been accepted by Republicans that Russia tried to get Trump elected. No point in denying it anymore,
BS. Did you know the DNC wouldn't let the FBI look at their servers that were hacked?
"But you can allow FBI Dir position to be completely politicized"
We need Lindsey unmasked.
Someone forgot to tell OBama that
You are fixated on who leaked, but not on a President who potentially colluded with a foreign gv't? Shame on you Lindsay Graham! #ITMFA
But YOU, Lindsey, politicize everything! Party over people and country! Independent investigation must begin immediately!
You know the unmasking was? Patriotism. Should we just turn the keys over to Putin or are you going to stand up to corruption?
You aren't at all concerned about Americans colluding with Russia to get their Manchurian candidate in place?
FLYNN is a traitor and you are worried about protecting him?  What is wrong with you?
Really? How do you keep a strait face while claiming Comeys firing was not political. HE WAS LEADING THE TRUMP/RUSSIA INVESTIGATION!!!
No kidding. We need independent bi partisan investigation.  No traitors-no matter how deep this mess goes. U.S. over party for once.
Political HACK! You are an embarrassment and partisan have! 
BTW I hate Fox! They started all the fake news to begin with! Investigate Fox too!
The GOP senators in this hearing acted and sounded like Michael Flynn and Trump's defense attorneys.
And the Democrats acted like the prosecution

Deplorable! Another FOX SPEWS pig!
I know you will try your best to look out for our interests as citizens do I want to think you for 2 past days of really standing up 4 truth
But is that what you are doing?  Protecting by deflecting.  I thought better of you.
What about now, Sen Graham?  Your bff just fired Comey.
@Cheri_Kentucky @LindseyGrahamSC Obama did that! Punish the offenders'
If you believe this, you'll call for an indep commission to investigate election interference & possible collusion. Pls do the right thing.
You are my Republican hero right now. Thank you for standing tall and looking for truth without an agenda besides truth.
We needed to know....I am grateful to @washingtonpost & the leaker.  U should be 2.  But for that happening, Flynn would still be there
Inuendoes, , despite the viciousness Dems & Intel have not shown an iota of collusion.
First, Sen Graham fund investigation with prosecutor and staff. Second, ask for Trump's taxes. Easy as that!
If you believe that statement Mr. Graham, why not force President Trump and all future presidents to release their taxes, BEFORE election??
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump @BarackObama @HillaryClinton
You should have told Trump that before he accused the CIA, FBI and other intelligence agencies of backing Obama's WH & party at his expense.
Without any clear evidence of the same, of course.
What’s political about treason?
I agree so was disappointed to see couple Rep members try to paint Yates as partisan & even HRC emails brought up.Not helpful.
Er he's kind a right twisting fact is the main problem at fox the sex scandal station
Exactly! Subpoena Sally Yates, Comey, Clapper & Susan Rice& get to bottom of unmasking
Put Country over party. Unmasking BS to divert from real issue. Wake up Americans!
Tax returns - YES!!!
That should be news to the FBI!
It's not political if Flynn could have been compromised by Russians. It's a national security risk. Would you have liked to see him stay?
Yesterday, the entire committee agreed "this must never happen again."  Half meant "gettin' hacked", other half meant "gettin' caught." TP
like @GOP attacking @HillaryClinton ? #GOP leaked classified info./ Hypocrisy of #GOP never ending 
#2018 #2020
They take an oath and still lie. This is a joke.  When will the guilty pay; justice served? Obama, Lynch, Rice, Rhodes, Clinton, Brennan
Senator, this whole case involves crimes committed by Obama, Rice, Lynch, Clinton, Brennan, etc. They need to be held accountable!
Thank God for the leaker to the post huh ? Otherwise Flynn would be sharing our country's highest intell with the Russians !!
Can't you make Washington Post say who gave them this classified info?  Can they keep silent even when it's classified info?
Hon Graham, if u continue to believe leak was politics, u r missing pt. Leak revealed to Am public the Russian tentacles in Trump WH.
8 yrs of Obama & a complacent Congress that refused to hold him accountable, what do you expect???!!
And what would you have said if #obama had revoked his clearance before election ? The same, i guess .  It was @realDonaldTrump call also
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
Why is the GOP worrying more about the leaks than the crime exposed by them? Stop stalling, appoint independent investigator. Get DJTs taxes
Flynn is a criminal! Stop covering. The leakers are American hero's!  Thats how we got Nixon the other Republican crook! History repeating!
@POTUS...is not going to be prosecuted. WTH? Bias much? Pick and choose who can/cannot lie to FBI!!
@POTUS So Flynn lied to FBI, most likely will be prosecuted. Hillary Clinton told several lies to FBI, she is..
Hillary was exposed as being a liar & a cheat with her foundation & emails. Thanks to Russia if they or whoever exposed her !!
Well, what are you going to do about it?
There is no ties to Russia. Hillary was exposed by Russia's wiki leaks. Stop trying to blame Trump because she got caught up with & lost!!
#Shame
Graham needs to shut his partisan yap.
That is EXACTLY WHAT YOU ARE DOING SIR AND YOU FOX NEWS!!!!!!!! Such HYPOCRITS AND WE ARE SICK OF IT!!!!!
The @GOP ARE OKAY WITH RUSSIAN AGENT AT THE NATION SECURITY COUNCIL BUT HOW DARE HE GET OUTED let that sink in.
Like when Comey politicized the emails just before election day?  Get more consistent.
If it wasn't for so called "leaks" Flynn would still be NSA! #GOP & Trump have no problem with "leaks" that benefit THEM!
Well, it was, and if the Dems. could get away with it  it still would be! But New Sheriff is in town!
Damn those Dems and their pesky liberal things, like, you know, punctuation and sentence structure.
That's all you've got??!!
You will get the bottom line Iam sure. We will know about it when Trump will be impeached;)
If you do want politicized FROM EITHER SIDE! Then request a SPECIAL PROSECUTOR. Trump admin is DIRTY
It wasn't and you're implying it was. Stop deflecting Senator. As clapper said your issue is ancillary to Russian Putin on election.
You say "you can not allow" but yet YOU ARE!!!!
Independent investigation is the answer .
Nothing to investigate. As you know our government is interfering with Russia's intelligence. Wiki leaks did us a favor & exposed Hillary.
Why shouldn't a Trump team member entangled in FISA investigation be unmasked? How else to protect citizens from potential mole in Cabinet??
Trump was warned at least twice about Flynn.   He ignored Obama and fired Yates.  When news broke, he blamed Obama and smeared Yates JU
This is the same Russian cyber firm that paid Gen. Michael Flynn $11,000+ in 2015, when he had top-secret clearance.
"One of the intel officials was visibly stunned when BuzzFeed pointed out the longstanding contracts between Kaspersky & the State Dept."  
Sen. Graham: Are you aware of any #TrumpRussia collusion?

#SallyYates: "I can't say b/c I would have to reveal classified information." 
Did you catch the part when Clapper confirmed US intel got secret info  in late 2015 linking Trump associates to suspected Russian agents?DC
Hey, it's ok that Flynn was working for the Russians & giving our democracy away. Give the Russians what they want
Agreed! Fox should heed him.
Tell that to the other republicans.
a little late aren't you!!
Unlike your colleagues that only want to?
Obama administration leaked.
What Lindsey Graham is saying is that we should focus on leakers rather than Michael Flynn or Trump-Russia. Party first before country.
No, he didn't say that. He wants to punish your Russian buddies severely.
But okay to allow it to be compromised????
what you do know is the GOP is doing everything possible to protect Trump & your looking bad. Thank Trump the GOP
will b no more if this continues. u guys will look bad not trump as he said he can shoot some1 on 5th Ave & will not care
True, but we are no closer to knowing who unmasked Flynn after today's political theater in Congressional hearings
You cannot allow cover up
Too late. Obama has already politicized it
Good job Lindsey Graham. This was so political even I culd see that.Clapper said there was no collusion wth Trump & Russia. Find the leaker!
Graham is a joke. Him and McCain behind fake dossier. Do not trust him. Bring in the special prosecutors on the dems.
Are you kidding us?nobody lifted a single finger when the past admin politicized even their own grandmas,everything that they can gain of!
https://twitter.com/OpsecTCB/status/861730425915310080 …
Fake Fox News.. Russian Collaborators
I hate liberal abuses of the system as much as anyone. But if you disgrace the military as Gen. Flynn has, it almost seems okay.
If Flynn wasn't talking to Criminals then he wouldn't have been recorded and unmasked
Pretty simple really
Don't talk to criminals
IS THERE NOT A CAMERA GRAHAM CANNOT STOP INFRONT OF?
Yes exactly @LindseyGrahamSC YOU CANNOT ALLOW INTELLIGENCE TO BE POLITICIZED. Now investigate #Trumprussia SERIOUSLY!! #SallyYatesAPatriot
Yates is just another piece of trash left over from the Obama Administration
how many times did the @GOP leak classified info to the press? Just in the last year? Let's look at that!!
 #2018
Graham was a complete ass, but we expected that
Lindsey, It already is! Thanks to Obama's friends!
Funny coming from this guy. Cut security at embassies, then spent millions to find out why people died.
Nor can you allow president and Vice President to lie and cover up Flynn contacts with the Russians. #realscandal
All these GOP poles keep talking about the unmasking!! Well, when is someone getting locked up?? Talk is cheap!
You can allow everything to be politicized just as long as you do nothing about it, which is what this government does best.
INDEPENDENT investigation and tax returns
Sen Graham, I can't figure out what you do stand for. Law and Order and truth and justice as you see fit? Everyday you're on the other side
Responses of deep state and what about Hillary..... baffles the mind....
Yes Sir . This IS A Big Problem - NOT Fake News . And it looks Worse  Every Day for Donald Trump AND Everyone Around Him .
WRONG! Try again
Juxtapose Yates testimony w/ Feb 10 video of Trump claiming he had no knowledge of Flynn's conversations w/ Kislyak https://youtu.be/0Tg64wqc4eU 
Reps are SORRY as HELL
they focus on unmasking when FLYNN committed a crime
talk about leaks
talk about NUNEZ running to WH wile on committe
is that consider a leak
now we know it was the republicans leakin info
i would say nunez is a prime example
Yates for President!
#y'all leak is coming from the corrupted and dirty klan house its not hard to figure that out that's why Don the con is sending dr tweets
No but you can still let them do their jobs without MAKING it political
#TrumpRussia https://www.operationveracity.com/trump-scam/trumpinc.html …
Why u all did it
When Americans are caught on tape with the enemy they should be unmasked to the Intel so they can do their jobs and put the traitors in jail
UNDER OBAMANATION, EVERY DEPARTMENT was politicized!  He kept his word!  Fundamentally changed America! Roll back changes while still time!
Stan - please list how you've been hurt by Obama.  For real!
Sally Yates "unmasked" hypocrisy of @GOP @POTUS @seanhannity @SenTedCruz @ChuckGrassley @brithume @JackKingston @SenateGOP @TuckerCarlson
Funny if you truly believe that. No hypocrisy just making America great again.
Sen Grassley asked both about incidental collection of any1. They said no. Later Sen Graham asked Trump Camp. Clapper Yes. dichotomy?
This is irony, right? As the GOP prioritized going after leaks over a White House under the sway of Putin?
That is the new American patriotism being displayed by your leaders. Get used to it.  PS learn Chinese.
leaking and #muslimban is the only thing Repubs care about. HOW ABOUT THE CRIMES???
I hope Graham sticks to that.
He's not known for his loyalty or honesty. Why would he start now?
What does S Carolina..see in this Rhino..Im sure you guys can find a REAL republican candidate
so why are hearings going to be held, if it was illegal to wiretap him ...why isnt rice being supeonead she committed a crime
WH Staffer leaked. Hint Counsel
Clapper can't be trusted
Yates never unmasked. @SenateGOP more interested in leaks and ban instead of Russia.
That is the new American Patriotism @SenateGOP is displaying. Didn't you know that? It's motto is achieving power by any means possible.
Is unmasking an issue? why? If a request to unmask was asked for and GRANTED? What is is the issue? Releasing that info to press is NG
Yeah, screw the real story - let's focus on the leak. Asshat
If Russia hacked the DNC...then why does the DNC refuse FBI forensics of its Servers? #Seth Rich
Lindsey Graham is a cuck and cannot be trusted.
Yates did!
but when they were saying Russia was interfering in our election you guys said it was just the Dems. Fake news??

Please find out who leaked to the press, this is illegal!! Get whoever is lying over the classified leaks pay for this crime, no one cares?
Who cares who leaked to the press? In fact, we ought to thank them cuz Trump refused to take action until the Wash Post reported this.
THEN WE NEED TO HAVE AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION
C'mon man, how can this bother you more than Russian Influence or collusion. Stop trying to blow smoke up our arses. #Trumprussia.
No collusion
looks like they got the leakers
No they didn't because @Potus would be on twitter telling the world.
Please Senator Graham get these people behind closed doors & get the truth. We The People want the truth!
Apparently you can Lindsay and get away with it so why would they stop now?
Obama & Yates warned Trumo about Flynn 18 DAYS before Trump fired him! He fired him only after it went public! Trump is dangerous! SAD!
Obama and his cabinet are corrupt
You do know they are no longer in power don't ypu?
I thought Clapper and Yates gave honest testimony, there was just one incident that made no sense whatsoever
Lindsey is a democrat and I also believe a woman!
Oh, that must be why he makes more sense that the other Repugs and why I kind of like him.
Yep.  He's a libTARD all the way.  Probably even lgbtqlmnop too.
Oh, libtard?  How mature, creative and classy of you.
Treacherous herthins jesus shall sends yoo hypocrites to hellsfirrrr yor soles will burn etenully amens
Unmasking in itself is not illegal
Right, but treason and lying to the FBI is a felony. Funny how Trump and his ilk are dwelling on the news report rather than the crime.
the GOP does not possess any reasonable level of judgement.....in fact, their stupidity has been seen as a national security threat
Too late Sen Graham! When will we find out WHO unmasked Flynn's name & LEAKED to MSM? If there's a paper trail why the stalling? Coverup?
Yes we want know who stop the Russians from finding out America"s foreign policy positions and plans. Dam them to hell.
Thanks Captain Obvious
So U.S. intel shouldn't follow the evidence when they suspect possible treason? Why does @FoxNews enable subversion?
It's called the #patriotact and trump supports it. The intelligence community can look at anything at anytime in the name of "safety"
Who leaked it? Everyone is so upset Flynn's convos were overheard. #patriotact takes away all privacy. Lawmakers and Americans agreed to it.
@POTUS This is coming from the RINO who voted for Evan McMullin. But @marthamaccallum treats him like a loyal, influential Republican leader
really u didn't mi d doi g that against Hillary, for years
FLYNN IS A TRAITOR. The GOP are a fake patriots. The hypocrisy is insane
Unless if course you are investigating a dem. Then you show your teeth. Pathetic GOP
Rest assured - based on what we have been witnessing, there is very little intelligence in politics
That's right or in the White House.
#LightfootLindsay getting plenty of face time..enough to make you puke
Sooo tired of this what is the big deal move on
Flynn, Trump & Putin we're all on an hour long phone call AFTER Trump knew he was compromised. Imagine the Rights if this was Hillary?

That's why people voted Trump to drain the swamp.
Says the Canadian who lives in Canada? Ha ha ha
