Thank you!
This order should have been "vetted".  But thanks for standing up. You're better than this.
and what part of SC do you live in?
I don't live in SC
yeah I know that's the whole point
Where are we with Nazanin Zinouri being stranded out of the US. Also Please fix the immigration exe order its thown togethe
I appreciate your leadership Senator.
Shut up already. Let America do its job properly. Little weasels like you and @SenJohnMcCain are so damn weak! #MAGA 
IMPEACH THIS MADMAN BEFORE WE ALL DIE
you don't even live here Seriously and Graham is getting kicked out of office By the Ppl of SC
Thank you, Senator!
you no longer speak for the ppl of SC. We the people have started a petition to have you removed from Office.
Denounce Trump now or sink with him. These TINY gestures won't save you. Believe me.
You sir should be working on being a model of how to follow the leader the people chose, not showing how to rebel, stop it!
the people didn't choose him
yea we did are u insinuating I'm not a person?
I'm telling you he did not receive the popular vote which is the people's vote
.@terrij68 Oh, please, get over that. If you don't understand why the electoral college is important, go back to middle school.
Lindsey, my spider senses (& some research) tells me you done been bamboozled. How was the "company" over the pizza shop?
TY for putting country above party.  We know where your heart is.
what part of SC do you live yeah taught so LOL
YOU & MCCAIN BEING BLACKMAILED BY NAZI AETHIEST GEORGE SOROS BETTER DO WHAT #PresidentTrump SAYS OR YOU 2 WAR CRIMES COURT
good lord, kudos on truly living up yo your name! 
Please update us.
Lindsey Graham explains why he supports attacking both Syria and Iran. https://goo.gl/YzQr8V  politics?? lol
Senator Graham is an important US Senator and I am a US citizen.
Any news on her situation? Last I saw she was still trying to file for an exemption.
The problem is she didn't have the PROPER PAPERWORK AND WAS ALLOWED TO WORK WHEN IT SHOULD'VE BEEN AN AMERICAN GRADUATE!
please oppose Sessions tomorrow, Trumps downfall means Pence Presidency, and that probably doesn't sound to bad right now.
Please get her back 2 the US ASAP. What's the delay? EO allows exceptions. How hard can it B 2 give her the green light?
glad you helped one student but your vote in favor of #DeVos is a disaster for millions of US students. #craven #spineless
Change Parties.
Better yet, lead and inspire other Republicans by your example.
If it werent Trump Graham would call for the bombing of her family, oh he already has
Lindsey your the JV team leader
I have never been a fan of yours and am now appreciative of your leadership. Hopefully your counterparts will follow.
lmfao. Camera chaser.
Fishy Taco, what state does Graham represent? What state is  Clemson University in? He's doing his job.
trust me. He can give 2 shits. This is a PR statement.
if you've ever met @LindseyGrahamSC you'd know your statement to be false.
I have met him and he is all about staying in front of a camera!!
@Timodc get all your republican colleagues to denounce this mad man
Do you realize how many times this man has called to openly attack Iran without cause? Hes playing
Thank you for standing up.
people believe in you Senator Graham. Stop leading them to the wolf who will tweet out their private cell phone numbers
when will you stop selling your soul out for what you know is right? Stop hiding in the closet because it's popular.
shame on you for being a hypocrite. U have held your skeletons for yrs to grow your career. When will you claim truth?
thank you, I'm good friends with Naz and interned with you back in 2003.
Having the courage of your convictions is why you are in office
please oppose Jeff Sessions!
Thank you. Please, We need our leaders to get over their respective parties and do the right thing for all humanity.
@realDonaldTrump has gone rogue what will you do?
Umm kiss my ass goodbye? Duck and cover? Kiss my friends asked goodbye?
you should be backing your President!
Senator,
There is no doubt for anyone that a vote for Senator Sessions is a vote for the Muslim ban. Do this for Nazanin & all like her.
good on you. I'm glad to see you leading this charge.
Thank you for standing against @realDonaldTrump's unconstitutional & un-Christian executive order.
It is time for the Republicans to man up and fix the fact that you all lined up to support a madman and his consiglieres.
A true southern gentleman!
after eight years of this abomination and you are deciding to go Rogue senator, really? How quickly we forget Hillary..
Vote no to this unconstitutional ban on immigrants.
and let's not act like this hasn't been done before. It is an American tradition for those that no history. 100% behind it.
What are you doing for the Iraq war Vet and family fleeing to US we sent back. Their lives are in danger Trump is shameless

thank you for doing what you can to right a significant wrong.

SC would love to hear some details of what's being done.
please retire or switch parties. U are a traitor and I would rather vote for a crazy democrat than ever vote for you!
Thank you.
you going to help her like you're helping the public education in this state by voting for DeVos? #sellout
Please stop @realDonaldTrump
Deeply concerned abt Sessions. He was rejected once 4 racism & should be again. Can u help?
Why no green card of she wanted to stay and work after graduating?
and when you do it watch out for Trumps tweets calling you out, Breitbart slandering you and Goebels (Spicer) attacking u
the cumulative effect of his nutty executive orders is more than enough to impeach him. This is your country. Man up.
he is isolating us from the rest of the world even our allies. Get your colleagues together and dump Trump.
that's terrific. Like Trump saving ( with TP $) 700 carrier jobs.This ban is a huge problem. Deal with it. Trump is ill
how much damage will you do to keep on the screen? Your kind of Republican has no idea what we WORKING AMERICANS WANT! stop
Thank you! Sincerely, a Gamecock
much respect to you for doing what you know is right!
how about other students with valid visa like me?
I am admitted to PhD program at uofsc @UofSC
Thank you! As a #SCNative and #Clemson faculty member, I am so glad to know you hear us and are taking action!
I'm as liberal as they come yet you continue to impress me daily. All the respect to you sir.
Thank you senator Graham for having the character and backbone to stand up to Donald Trump and Steve Bannon. Kudos to your perseverance.
the obvious that you are a never Trumper. Whatever he does you are against. You had your chance, you lost. Let him govern.
is it true that she was traveling with a student visa and not a work visa?
do you really believe POTUS will stop trashing our democracy? Please start impeachment!
please block POTUS cabinet picks.
Thank you for doing the right thing! Please keep going!!!!
@POTUS
IslamBannedUnder
Immigration&NationalityAct Passed6/27/1952
Confirmed&UpheldByCourts 1965!
ExecutiveAct.2EnforceLaw
is it your boyfriend Johnny or you who comes up with all of the Tweeting? Power couple , 2 butt hurt  failed Candidates.
@realdonaldtrump Has her student visa expired? Why not give the job to an American citizen.
. Sir, as Democrat, I applaud your stance supporting our Constitution.
you are a true patriot. thank you for your integrity
How about overturning this unconstitutional EO. The Pres should learn about governing before signing any more EOs.
: stop DeVos! Public ed is the backbone of democracy! Cc in Beaufort
Thank you for doing this However next SAVE ACA & SOCIAL SECURITY. NO to Muslim Ban, NO DEVOSE, NO PRUITT NO SESSIONS
Thank you Senator Graham!
GOP needs to find the moderates.
I appreciate your efforts to assist a permanent resident of SC and our nation Senator.
I have never admired you as much as I do now. Thank you.
thank you. Please also STOP Betsy Devos!! Do not let this happen. She will destroy public education. She has no experience!
I have been unable to get through to youor office for several days now.  Voicing my opposition to B Devos and J Session.
thank you.
= more concerned about inconveniencing Ms. Zinouri than the security & safety of Americans. Thank GOD DJT is our President!
Thank you for your help for her.   Please do not allow the #MuslimBan to stand.

Nice but it's time for Graeme to get Hime Trump once and for all.
- who raced to the airports to have an illegal protest. Their plan is disruption at every opportunity, open your eyes!!
-Lets b clear the chaos over the weekend was not from the 109 travelers that were delayed, it was from the altleft liberals
crazy Trump
hate your continual opposition to trump...we don't invite jihadists...they hate us anyway
please get on the right side of history before its to late. Do the right thing! Save our country from this wacko
@johnmccain2016 
Sorry both are RHINO nothing got done for how many years?
Drain the swamp of these career politicians.
Thank you, sir, for your efforts.
Thank you for your patriotic response to Muslim ban. Now please STOP Betsy DeVos!!
Thank you! #ClemsonFamily
thanks for your help. But please do not sell off National Parks and don't repeal ACA without a viable plan to replace
Thank God. Thank you for what you are doing. Trump's Executive Order is unpatriotic, illegal, and immoral.
thank you for your continued rational thinking and support of the Constitution
thank u for standing up against this demagogue. Please continue to be brave and be on the right side of history
WILL YOU EVER SHUT UP????!!!!!
How do you feel about your President replacing the Joint Chiefs of Staff with Steve Bannon? Feel safer now?
Iran just violated their Iran Agreement by firing a ballistic missle this weekend do you still want to fight the ban
Thank you. I'm proud of you for this.
Thank you, Senator. I applaud your wisdom and good sense. @LindseyGrahamSC
Thank You Senator ,please lead your party out of the darkness
Thank you Linsey Graham
Let the president do his job,Please,don't be part of the problem.
Put impeachment on the table NOW
Would that you'd work so hard to support our president to carry out the people's will re immigration.
“@LindseyGrahamSC: We have been in touch with and are working to assist Clemson graduate Nazanin Zinouri.” Yup. Retweeting This. Chills.
did u approve the killing of families of "terrorists" like Trump said he would?
Thank you, Senator! Please keep standing up to @potus for human rights. #unconstitutional #nomuslimban #impeachtrump
Time you were eating grass in a pasture somewhere...
it's insane that she needs the help of a us senator!
Thank you Sen Graham.  Please continue to fight for our American freedoms!
Stand up to Trump madness. Bannon, Miller, no American values
thank you for making a sane, reasonable statement re. Muslim ban. America needs you. Keep supporting Constitution.
If U had Ur way we'd be in a Nuke war with Russia & leave the planet to the Islamic world. U R a Quisling.
we are watching YOU!  this country is and will always be a melting pot for those that seek religious freedom.
thank you Lindsey Graham.
Stand up with your likeminded Dem and GOP and don't let him burn the house down.
Thank you. Please speak publicly against Steve Bannon's appointment to the NSC. We are counting on  you.
thankfully some senators still have a few vertebrae
Thank you Sir.
please help us, senator. we are descending into fascism quickly. we need this maniac OUT OF OFFICE #resistance
thanks for being a voice of reason 
We disagree on much, but thank you for upholding our values. cc @sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson @RepDougCollins
I am fully behind President Trump. There may be some tweaking that probably would have been done if he had the cabinet.
Thank you senator. Please keep this up.
Senator Graham- please stand up.
thank you, Senator.
Please don't stop.  Many of us are counting on you to bring sanity back.
Glad to see you oppose @realDonaldTrump's unconstitutional #MuslimBan!
@fredontv This easily could have happened in 2011 under Obama's ban of Iraqis.
I work with an Iraqi who was banned during that period from reentering the country. BA Wake Forest.
Nobody made a big deal about Obama's ban at that time. Libs playing chicken little is infinitely amusing.
Great!!!

Now please-Stop Trump. Get him out. It's our only chance to survive without horrible, ugly damage to our soul.
thank you! Press on! Fix this POS problem. Impeach now!!
Save our democracy.  It's Bannon. It's Bannon. it's Bannon.
thank you for standing up against unconstitutional EO.  We need leadership.  Stand up for America. We are watching.
I assume you're not compromised, please don't be gaslit by Trump and his alternate facts. He must be impeached.
Thank you!!!
during debates you suggested drinking more.  Is now a good time to start??
thank you for putting country first.
please help us, don't let a bunch of maniacs ruin this country. They are ignoring the Constitution, why are they allowed?
You are as big a"Moran Phobic" as Hillary Clinton and Obama!
Thank you!. I pray Repubs become serious about the danger of Donald. We can't wait till he does something worse.
when you are done can you get your fellow GOP senator to at least allow a vote on the Muslim Ban? How about just a vote?
happy to see you working on this #NoBanNoWall
Sen. Graham I've respected you a lot for your service, but please pick a side. 1 day you support Trump, the next you don't
Thank you! We need more like you.
Thank you but you need to do more to stand up to Trump. Way more.
please help her!!! This is ridiculous!!!!
Wording here says everything. Shouldn't you be in touch w your president + reassure there's nothg 2worry abt? Pol theater
Sir, you have been a senator long enough to have some influence, please use it to stop this madness.
@EJLandwehr What ever dude! Sick of the billshit. With you republiCONs! You Don't want to help the poor. Just the rich
Thank you for standing up against this. Hope it inspires other GOPers to do the same!
thank you, Senator. Please hold this administration accountable on the behalf of all Americans.
Thank you for being a leader! I am a lifelong Dem but have respected you through this election cycle.#respect
you and Mcain are fools which is why you never went anywhere in the primaries
- Please do not allow  TRUMP to destroy us - scared as hell !  Hit hard and strong!
This is the 2nd time I've ever agreed with you - 1st was when you insulted Trump. Fight his injustices & I'll respect you
You care less about your constituents and all you do is chase cameras. I voted for you. I wish I could take that vote back.
Thank you for being a voice of reason in face of such unreasonable chaos!
Lindsey Graham for mayor!
