No comment, no action.  You know it is true! Time to serve the COUNTRY!
How long are you going to wait? Til he chokes a baby? Stabs a puppy? Beats up an old lady? Burns down a hospital? What's it gonna take?
Insane like a rabid dog. Get help you need it! Just a tad bit over top.
You just stick to your cats. Smart people will take it from here. A bunch of inbreds found some common ground. That time has passed.
So I guess you have a problem with someone rescueing homeless cats. WTH
Rescuing cats? Try doing something for kids or old people. You make me sick..
Am I suppose to care what you think of me? News Flash.... I don't!!!
No one care what you think. Except your cats.
Am I suppose to care what you think? You flatter yourself Baby Doll!
He's part of the swamp to be drained...a #NeoCon2017
.@LindseyGrahamSC Since you DID ask(Can't believe you need to have this explained to you) Why Comey didn't just quit
We're getting tired of this safe responses. But you won't be safe for long so wuteva I guess.
Impeach
Sorry. But it is HIGHLY UNLIKELY the entire story is fictitious. COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY Senator! Step up!!
"troubling" I hate all politicians--- liars and cheats---
Treason . Subpoena the nyt and wp
Subpoena the nyt reporters for the three bs stories , this is national security and Judith miller went to jails , first amendment ends with
Call comey in make sure you bought him under oath .
time for republican/American voters to put country over party & vote for every Democrat on every level in 2018 & 2020. Maybe they'll get it!
@LindseyGrahamSC doesn't want to know. That's why they don't want a special prosecutor! His legacy will be he helped sell U.S. out to Russia
Here you go, Sen. Graham..this guy is nuts and even advocates leaking:
GOOD!  Now the @FBI can arrest
I Know One of the Sources
By Erick Erickson  |  May 16, 2017, 09:49am  |  @ewerickson
http://theresurgent.com/i-know-one-of-the-sources/ …
Well it is true. The BLOTUS confirmed. So what the hell are you and your pussy party going to do?
Ok, fun times over! Get 2 work & b the patriot u said u were! #leakerinchief #SpecialProsecutorNow
The hacking group that leaked the NSA’s secrets claims it has data on foreign nuclear programs http://wapo.st/2pH4JfB 
Do u really think u need to tell our President to be careful what he says??? If it weren't for President Trump I wd not b a republican.
Do u really think u need to tell our President to be careful what he says??? If it weren't for President Trump I wd NOT b a republican

Will this be the final straw that leads you to put country over party? The president is a traitor and a fool, and you have been complicit.
Why was US press banned from Russian meeting?  The Law Can’t Stop Trump. Only Impeachment Can. http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/05/the-law-cant-stop-trump-only-impeachment-can.html?mid=twitter-share-di … via @intelligencer
Graham you are a Republican nightmare constantly giving the media anti Trump sound http://bites.Media  deep state r the problem idiot.
OUR NATIONAL SECURITY IS AT STAKE 
IMPEACH NOW
WE ARE IN DANGER 
HELP US
By continuing to back this unstable, unhinged POTUS. You are putting our nation's security (& values!!) at risk. #trumprussia (29526)
u tell em--love u here in NC
Stop using the name ISIL! It's ISIS... Got it???
@LindseyGrahamSC If  true, it's more than troubling. It's impeachment time & y'all damn well know it. World is watching GOP rn. ACT RIGHT.
https://twitter.com/NewtTrump/status/864467102622773248 …
@LindseyGrahamSC Well you'd best get a briefing w/ Intel and confirm it's true immediately. And then GD CALL FOR IMPEACHMENT ALREADY.
It's true. Now will you people impeach this idiot?

DEMS CONCOCTED

#RussianHacking to cover-up #SethRich murder
#Trump Russians collusion to protect ISIS

…
So it'a a) TRUE and b) "VERY TROUBLING". Now WTF are you gonna do about it, Senator?

Still not a peep on #MorningJoe about "tangible evidence" #SethRich was emailing @wikileaksjust wall-to-wall WaPo Russia FAKE NEWS! 
Trump on twitter this morning defended sharing info with Russians...  I think it's true.  What are you going to do about it?
That's great. What about @POTUS release of classified info to Russians?  Does that bother you?  #TrumpMustGo #WillfulIgnorance
It's true Senator.  @realDonaldTrump has tweeted confirmation.  Are you @marcorubio @SpeakerRyan and @SenJohnMcCain going to do ANYTHING?
DJT just bypassed personal  servers altogether and just directly disclosed highly classified info directly to foreigners.
So now orange face admits it but as svots ok? NO! He's put us in great danger! Impeach now! He's completely reckless and incompetent!
START IMPEACHMENT PROCESS IMMEDIATELY 
ARE LIVES ARE IN DANGER
BE A PATRIOT 
DON'T BE A TRAITOR
Country OVER party, Sen Graham!!! #SpecialProsecutor
Prez says I am prez  i do as I c fit the trouble is he is unfit. You know this why r you not doing something about it? Isn't this dangerous
Troubling??? Gee, You Think? #trumpTreason
Thanks to Blabbermouth-in-in-chief we now know it's true.  So Very troubling Lindsay?  How "very" is "very"?  What actions will you take?
Kinda tough governing when you're not making shit up about Obama and Hillary, aint' it?
He admitted it. Will you do something now?
'very troubling' is not the correct response to this, Lindsey. The correct response would be

"WHAT IN THE FUCKING FUCK"
Is Lindsey Graham married and if so to a women and if so does he force her to pay for abortions?
Whelp, @LindseyGrahamSC, Trump just admitted to the facts of this story. What say you now?
Hope Donny tries out his "5th Ave shooter" theory in delusional break already suffering, conflates Graham/Cruz & shoots you on Senate floor
Now you know it's true.
Remember when you were worried about classified info that COULD have been hacked but wasn't?
How long will you support party over country?
Just what McCain said.  These guys are going down, just as dirty as the rest of the Repugs.
Senator, you know it's true that Trump is harmful to thru his incompetence & arrogance.  PLEASE do something
The WH is lying, obviously, they didn't deny it, they denied something that wasn't even in the story. Try again Trumpets.
DO YOUR JOB
When trump asked for YOUR pledge of loyalty , You Sed "YES"
Read :
are you going to investigate the veracity of this report? @POTUS is a danger to democracy. #ImpeachTrump
he admitted he did it. What will you do? #ImpeachTrump
If it's true? Hello, they asked WAPO not 2 publish parts that were bad! They complied! U know it's true! U R an accomplice if u do nothing!
So you will confirm it's true Tuesday . . . and what? Say you're "troubled" that @POTUS literally sabotaged national security in Oval Office
DONALD TRUMP IS THE GRAVEST THREAT TO OUR NATIONAL SECURITY THAT'S EVER HELD THE OVAL OFFICE! DO YOUR DUTY, GODDAMMIT! REMOVE HIM!!!!
Do something!  Investigate. If it were Hilary GOP would hang her up by her heels. Yet u cont to let this idiot lead USA into the toilet
Keep us safe even from this inexperienced narcissistic businessman we call president. He's a pilot who doesn't know how to steer the plane
Time for you to stop the straddle.  Our country needs someone, such as you, to actually take a stand for our country. Country or Party?
You are trying to straddle the line between pure partisan, and one who appears to be concerned for the greater good of our country.
Has Trump bought you Sen Graham?
How many military lives are now at Risk due to Trumps sharing information & lives further lost due to intelligence Allies will not give NOW?
how many publications have to confirm it for you?
"Troubling" "Concerning" "Deeply worrisome" Cut the BS Senator, you're either doing something or paying lip service. Country over party!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC are you a ride and die, better red (Republican) than dead (potential for your party losing power) public servant? HELP US!
How "troubling" is this sir? Enough to DO something or are we throwing it on the pile, along with all the others? @LindseyGrahamSC
Your unwillingness to move the investigation along seems cowardly and unpatriotic to me. Step up for the sake of the U.S.!
WHAT ABOUT HIS TRIP OVERSEAS??? HE HAS ALREADY MADE ENEMIES OF MOST OF OUR ALLIES!!!!! WHAT SECRETS WILL HE REVEAL To OUR ENEMIES???????
So glad to hear you are potentially troubled! Great job. Just what America needs. Moderate concern and Putin in charge.
Thank you for your persistence in getting to the bottom of this act of  treason;may the truth be revealed; do NOT underestimate the russians
How's about you grow a pair of balls. Trump is a bad hombre. Do something about it. Stand up for US.
is this trump stunt good enough to impeach

Security , they expose Steele and allegedly the person who provided this intelligence . There is prescedent for this ask Judith miller
Mr. Graham if your serious about leakers investigation, subpoena Washington post ,,their first amendment ends when. Jeopardizing national
Grow a pair and call for YOUR president to resign. His incompetence is endangering all of us.
Mr. Graham there can't  be anymore time waisted. Impeach Trump!
@LindseyGrahamSC is a JOKE and a COWARD
When Sir are you going to wake up an stop Kissing Trumps Ass!
You and the rest of the @GOP spend a LOT of time being troubled, Senator. Grow a backbone and do something before anyone else is killed.
You had better step up and investigate 45,  You need to stop worrying about being a politician and act like an American.  Some crazy sh*T
WTF-does Sen. Graham mean by "if it's true"? This is #WaPo, not some propaganda rag like @BrietbartNews or @FreeBeacon. They broke Watergate

I believe it is true. U.S. Intelligence officials asked the Washington Post to not publish specific information so it is not fake news

McMaster and tillerson stated the story bs , democrats desperate to unseat president with false claims , that's treason
Funny how the GOP jumped ALL OVER  Clinton before knowing facts, but the GOP give their Clown Trump a pass

Where u and @SenJohnMcCain tweet about what Gen McMaster said never happened, happy to jump onboard Wapo story unnamed source yet silent now
Senator I would like to discuss this with you at your next town hall. You were an AF Officer, what would happen to you if you did this?
Hummm
Report that Trump shared highly classified intelligence with Russians is deeply disturbing. House Intel needs to be briefed immediately. 

He said the right thing. 
Smart .
we need new leaders of the Republican party if men like Graham and @SenJohnMcCain don't do SOMETHING.  For the love of God men, ACT NOW!
IT'S NOT THE LIE THAT BOTHERS ME, IT'S THE INSULT TO MY INTELLIGENCE THAT I FIND OFFENSIVE.. @SpeakerRyan @LindseyGrahamSC  @SenateMajLdr
Let's see.. the country & the Republic is @ stake Do u care? I'm not seeing that u want 2 b a   Presidential candidate  Prove it!
It is time for action. It is time for a special prosecutor. You know it. Do it.
Troubling huh?  If this had been Obama you would've sh*t your britches.
Hey new buddy! I'm a dem, supported @HillaryClinton but I'm a dis  vet, that s my country, 2-party system, etc. will sup @senorrinhatch u?
STAND UP TO TRUMP
Country before party.
What's it going to take for you to find your balls!? Do something about it!
Ok, I know u @GOP want 2 demolish #Obamacare & give ur rich friends a HUGE tax break, under @POTUS we will all die screaming-NK, do u care?
I guess there is a bunker 4 just Republicans or something? My bad, ur family is safe, that's all that matters! 
Not troubling enough to do a god-damn thing about it, I'm sure.
.@LindseyGrahamSC doesn't give a damn about the US. He's all about party. Fuck a party. Our lives are in danger.
Guess who can do something..
McMaster, Tillerson and Dina Powell have come out in person to deny the story. Unnamed sources or those 3 people?  Who has more credibility?
Hey new friend! R u gonna hand out the new constitutions version in Russian 2 ur constituents?
Trump “revealed more information to the Russian ambassador than we have shared with our own allies.”

https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/trump-revealed-highly-classified-information-to-russian-foreign-minister-and-ambassador/2017/05/15/530c172a-3960-11e7-9e48-c4f199710b69_story.html?tid=a_breakingnews&utm_term=.1f8c39900a4e …
Fake news phony. GEN. MCMASTER SAID DIDNT HAPPEN YET @CNN AND WAPO UNNAMED SOURCES ARE WITHOUT QUESTION RIGHT?? WHO R THE SOURCES U COWARDS
I think you're a fine man sir! At some point you're gonna have to be the adult in the room and say the things that need to be said!
Troubling my a$$.Its absolutely terrifying & a disgrace to our country.U put party first..well you & your party are destroying our country !
Trump needs to be fitted with an ankle bracelet and confined to quarters until we can figure out what the hell is going on. NO TRAVEL
Graham, McCain, Ryan, McConnell they won't do a damn thing about this, they have same love of Putin as Trump does
Sen Graham, please support an independent investigation into Trump-Russian ties. Please put US Democracy above party interests
Time for Lindsay to come fully awake to the dangers of Trump. The whole GOP for that matter. #GOPTrumpwoke. Is it time?
Is Senator Graham interested in finding out if the story is true that T. spilled classified info to Russians?
Only "troubling," Senator? Is this your way of saying T. can do anything he pleases b-cause he's the Pres? Like declassify information?
What's it going to take Sen? Does POTUS ACTUALLY have to shoot people on 5th Avenue? The American People are going to remember who stood up.
Senator, there's too much smoke here for there to be NO fire. How can the @GOP continue to put party above America?

We won't forget how troubling you are when it comes time to vote on your lack of concern for our nation.

Senator Graham,I had a modicum of respect for you until you showed/1
What's troubling is you continuing to co-sign DJT's bullshit. #CountryOverParty
Senator Graham: why don't you read paragraph 8 of the WaPo article? H.R. McMaster said it's not true. So "let not your heart be troubled"
Him and @SenJohnMcCain don't care they ate anti trump and will take unnamed sources everytime over a respected Gen. Its so sad.
His butt buddy McCain said if true its disturbing.  So they are lock step
 we see you - @LindseyGrahamSC
regarding the article from today / Trump spilling beans.
Same old tired line. He is the most troubled person I've ever seen
get a hold of this aweful man u call president, disgusting!
“Very troubling”? What will it take to take action? If he handed Putin the WH keys? @LindseyGrahamSC  cannot call himself a patriot.

You are aiding and abetting him! 
If you're looking from heaven Ronnie hide your eyes!
Graham got to keep his loyalty card in good standing
why ru all allowing this pathological liar continue
Thank you Lindsey Graham.
Worrying about 2018 right now is like worrying about the company Christmas party in March when the office is on fire.
"TROUBLING" "DISTURBING"...it's a crime against our country...we the people...TREASON!  Firing squad or public hangings work for me! FIX IT!
If this guy is still president in a month, you're going to have some serious explaining to do, Lindsey.
I said that a month ago!
So? He's a good conservative. A Republican. He is doing his job representing South Carolina, America, the Constitution, and his values.
He is a Republican.  He is representing his constituents. He have no idea how government and congress works I guess.
How does this have anything to do with career politicians? What do you want Senator Graham to do? Vote like a democrat and betray SC?
His constituents. He was elected as a Republican. He's a conservative. There is NOTHING wrong with him voting for conservative policies.
