Can't wait to see you lazy white Trump mutants picking peaches for 12 hours in the hot South Carolina Sun.  Not happening.
If picking peaches paid $30anhour, I'd be happy to do it-Democrats seem to want slave labor at cheap rates so they can afford cheap peaches?
Well they ARE the party of slavery
1850s Dems:  we can't get rid of slavery, our economy is dependent on it, how else will we get cheap cotton?
Best Tweet of the Day!
I'm honored lol. I see you're a Michigander!  Are you team Kid Rock for senate?
I fully support Kid Rock's candidacy - did you know he keeps his ticket prices low so that working people can afford to see a concert?
SC is a state that has more people receiving welfare than people working. How do low-skilled illegals help SC men/women get jobs?
I think you completely made that up, and you have no idea what you're talking about. 56% of people over 16 are working in SC
No she's right, SC is one of ten states that has more people on welfare than are working.
Source? How is that possible if more than 50% of people are working?

Thanks for linking to a shitty blog that doesn't cite sources or define "welfare". It's possible to work & get gov benefits simultaneously.
So what's your point?  SC still ranks amongst the highest welfare to work ratios nationwide even if you dispute the sources.
My point is that you both made factually incorrect statements.

Please come out of the closet Lindsey
Hey those who want cheap Ag labor can hire legal migrants. You know like in the old days.
I'm so sick of the Russian BS   Let's get on with governing   Trump must drain the swamp. Impossible task as- $$ controls all
Farmers will suffer.
Aren't seasonal employment included in American work visas already? Why does it have to be citizenship?
You will be gone soon enough Graham, so you won't have to worry about it!
You srry as politicians always begin your excuses w, unfortunately lmao. I detest you all
You don't even understand the damn bill! It doesn't affect temporary work VISAs. You are just trying to oppose President Trump. RINO
Ag businesses are immune to merit system. They have visas awarded. False equivalency so you can join McCain in treachery.
That is unfortunate for your masters
They would be forced to hire American
They didn't buy you to let that happen, now, did they?
Good, because what's coming in now sure isn't worth our waste in taxpayer benefits i.e welfare.
You obviously don't live in an area of SC dependent on immigrant labor.  We have a CRITICAL labor shortage and this would cripple tourism.
Lazy white people wont do the jobs.

I challenge you sir connect with the millions of Americans that are hurting, have no hope & u whine about others from other countries!
I've had with you Graham. Start caring about the American dreamers or get the hell out of SSeat. America doesn't owe the world a life!!

Lindsey looking forward to your next election, will be ploughing maximum contributions to your primary challenger with many others
Unfortunately, SC & we no longer care what you think.
you won't mention the millions of illegals that work in the industry. Agriculture will be fine. Your job...not so much.
This will b sad & uncalled4, 2pass this crap. This is racism at it's finest & going 2b devastating2 t economy & S.C. unconstitutional !
Really devastating.....already CRISIS labor shortage in many industries in SC.
You are very lucky that there are not recall procedures for senators. In 2020 you will be replaced along with @SpeakerRyan
We will indeed be voting you OUT! How dare you tell us what's best for country. You better start supporting our President!
And?  That they're working legally doesn't mean we owe them permanent immigration.  Shitty logic Lindsey.
You would want bottom barrel migrants to drain American resources #traitor

Who do you work for the ppl or business
Probably wouldn't hurt to slow immigration down. US economy can't sustain these rates without dramatic changes to the immigration laws.
You're a white genociding cuckold who also wants to legalize the illegals so we can't ever win Texas and Arizona.



All the very same arguments throughout the 80's & 90's from you guys, the guys who already have everything they need & want.

You're history

Ask your constituents. You're their voice. You are not there to do what the CofC tells you but your constituents. You aren't POTUS. You LOST
Unfortunately u r still a senator: I wonder how many of u were in Rome right before it disappeared into the twilight. Pls change parties
Reducing legal immigration by half protects American workers because immigrants typically bill out at 50% of the US worker they replace.
Working against the Trump agenda will not go well for you. This is what we voted for. You Mr Graham are on the wrong side. #votegrahamout

u would have a problem with anything @realDonaldTrump does! Can't believe u team up w Cory booker ! #AshamedOfCowardGop! A new low!
US Needs based immigration.  Please quit offering false choices...that you Know will never succeed, and create future conflict. REAL FIX PLS
That is the BEST part.  The people wont forget what you are doing.   I pray you lose your seat.
You stand against the People. I loathe you, mccain and mcconnell as i loathe the progressives.   #TermLimits #RaiseAct #repealobamacare
Can't wait til your RINO ass is booted out of DC
It's time for you to support our President. Very disappointed in your behavior so far.
And you bet PPTUS properties will be sure they get their workers.
Would it kill you to put the wishes of American citizens first? Just once?
The math is very simple. Some of the best/brightest are passed over today for the others who then displace Americans who want those jobs.
half of all immigrants are on welfare and free healthcare while the middle class gets screwed with sky high premiums and co-pays
I'ss see your Ag in SC and raise you crops in CA!! Wait until they see how much the cost of food rises!!!
You are opinionated and uninformed. #MAGA!
Where's your plan for anything
Why do we have to take in a million a year
wrong
You're a shining example of why we need term limits!!!
senator, from the sounds of it, this new proposal actually terminates those that filed via family & waited for years LEGALLY! unnacceptable!
Sir you are not a Republican or a conservative.  You and Mccain have betrayed the very people who elected you.
Non racist reform needed. Immigration MUST decrease. Skyrocketing population not sustainable. This is not 1700s. FUTURE VISION is VITAL!
You are right to be concerned. Reducing immigration by half is not nearly enough. We should reduce it by half again just to be sure.
fix the proposal which is a pretty good one, people shouldn't come in and go on welfare
I will be so happy when you and McCain are put out to pasture
Another GOP Senstor that needs to Be Voted OUT OFFICE. Never Trumpet Lindsey Graham We put Trump N Office We Can Take U Out of Office
Lindsey we know your NOT a patriot --your a congressional opportunist! Talking head or bobble head there is not difference in appearence.
When does the Senate recess?
#Impeachment from a Congress @POTUS seems to hate needs to come soon. This is @realDonaldTrump truly in panic mode
Support the bill - my wife is a legal immigrant who met all the requirements - now she is a citizen - she supports the bill-I'm indifferent
Come here legally and speak English! What seems wrong with that ?
Unfortunately you keep lying ... why?
So what's your point? That's not a bad thing . You are so out of touch with this country.

Does his "proposal" go into effect after he hires his 15, 000 immigrants to work at his golf resort?
People on entitlement programs that are capable& able 2 work should be required to take these jobs. Enough of supporting lazy Deadbeats
Lindsay what's your problem. U r a never trumper so what else is new. You want an immigration policy get more than 1% of the vote for Pres
DJT kicked your ass because of that policy. It's obvious that people like u & McCain r no different than the biased media & the Dems
DJT should finally realize that he will get NOTHING from u, other Reps & Dems. DJT should go straight to the people & the hell w u
If our president makes his case in TV to the people your state will flood your office w calls. Maybe then u might support our president
I don't count on u or McCain for anything. Two bitter men that can't get over Trump winning. Both of u r what's wrong in DC
The debt clock shows the effect it has had. Are your donors fuming? http://www.usdebtclock.org 
You put #americalast rino. Youre worse than the dems at obstructing Maga agenda. You need to go!
Bet there's an exception for seasonal workers at resorts and golf courses.
You Lindsey are helping Democrats with your anti-Trump garbage.  Is that your plan?
Come clean
You, McCain, Flake and a few others suck
Lindsey is an agent, and his handlers are not pro-America-it's obvious.
Which means immigrants are taking those jobs, right? Instead of an American?
Why do you hate America Lindsey?
@realDonaldTrump doesn't seem to understand the value to the economy that people from all walks and countries bring.  Cutting throats for ??
RINO better get on the train or get boooted off!!!
Are you really my representative? Ugh! So far you do not seem to be representing me! #termlimits come soon.
Exactly what is wrong with protecting American workers?
If you had bothered to actually read the proposal, these are all grandfathered in. Seriously embarrassing.
Shouldn't you be trying tp actually pass something? Senate is a disgrace.
What a shock! You disagree with POTUS.
Not very American Grandfather came speaking French loved US learned English sent 2 boys to war &  grandsons this law would have excluded him
As I said sir this law is not only NOT American it plays to every fear mongering syllable that comes out of the WH
Pass it Gramnesty.
Another bill that a sitting Senator is too damned lazy to read, let alone be able comprehend
Why not get on board with the president.
We're about Americans first. Why is that so hard for you, and other Senators who oppose our President to understand? We stand with @POTUS
You really must need the Chamber of Commerce "donations" to want to import poverty.
That's exactly why I thought Jeb should be running a Sponsorship Program for a year.
Of course Sponsors would be responsible for knowing current residence, employer and reporting any felony committed by Sponsored?
And how many Americans are unemployed and on welfare?  You have lost my vote.  SC voter
Lindsey supports "immigrants" over actual citizens.
Glad to hear you finally admit it.
BTW, ur a blatant  liar on this. (& everything else)
I like you more everyday day Lindsey, run for president in 2020
Those little brown boys get tired of you "tipping" with your room key.
Besides, unless you are Native American - your ancestors are not from here.  You come from immigration!
Ya know, I bet the Native Americans wish that this had gone into affect a couple hundred years ago.
Go away Lindsey Graham
Donald Trump goes against everything that the US is about. Honestly, please pull the plug on this failed presidency and remove him.
Good. There are tens of millions of Americans who'll do those jobs for real wages, not for 4 or 5 dollars an hour.
We are an aging society, this approach is not only racist, it's impractical. Do something!! 
Great tired of giving them welfare. If they can not speak English and only make minimum wage, we have to support them. I like the proposal
You're going to need a job when your term is up.  Sounds like you found something you can do next.
that should be a plus. just retire or run for other country ss politician. we want politicians to work for us not not Americans
Can't wait until I can vote for any but you! SC voted for Trump. Support us and your president
Support @realDonaldTrump or get out of the way.  Only 1% wanted you for President.
#AmericaFirst
Unless they work for trump properties or any of his friends need them for cheap labor.
Do something! Quit talking! Do it!
Lindsey-please be a Republican for a change and stand up for Americans-how about that for a change? Why do they keep re-electing you 
this country did the same when we where just getting set up.Why is it bad now.Immigrants that came had money family and jobs waiting
Resign.
SO!  I'm sure Americans that need a job will fill those jobs. Looks like you're looking for a reason to shoot it down. Typical politics BS.
Including. Please be careful.

Do you ever have anything good to say?  Why you won the kiddie stage.
AMERICA FIRST! Get with the program or be voted out!
@btmikk produce prices will go up and you can thank @POTUS for another hit to your wallet.
Don't you have a poolboy to fondle, queenie?
Canada/Australia use the SAME immigration policy that POTUS and US citizens want!
This is you & your master, all you care is about exploiting immigrants for votes, you don't care about the ones complying with the laws!
Using poor/uneducated immigrants to take jobs from teens and unemployed here! Priceless!
STOP being an obstructionist,you & @SenJohnMcCain are a tag team for anything against LEGAL be immigration or a fake dossier! #VoteGrahamOut
Are you sure you're a Republican?  Also, the proposal does not pertain to immigrants currently working. Try again.
Do you not know the difference between guest workers and green card holders?
What is "many"?  100? 1000? 5000? What about the tens of thousands who do NOT work legally and do NOT pay taxes. No more welfare people!!!
You clowns in DC have no idea what's going on in the country.
Good keep cutting the work force from other  countries. Let's put American people back to work!
Your going to be voted out.
Are there no unemployed people in South Carolina? Why do you hate them? Why do you want them to suffer? Immigration is killing them.
Please SC GET RID OF THIS SACK OF SHIT!
You have an issue with this bill? go talk to the white house, don't tweet your opposition, talk! you might figure out you are wrong on this.
They're grandfathered in. Shouldn't you be lying about repealing OCare, or something?
Who cares what the girl from the senate lindsey says? we all know he is open borders. that's y he polled at .1% during 2016 lol
You mean several thousand who overstay after coming to work legally plz
How would this reduce legal and beneficial immigrants coming in? Or do we just want the trash?
We are absolutely done with ur open borders crap. You have a criticism? Ok. What are you going to do to help make this proposal even better?
I am getting tired of you. The majority of Americans want this. If you have a beef work with @realDonaldTrump to make it even better!
They are already in country!!  Sell us out again with more lies.
Proposal stinks. #Amnesty for those that have proven record while in U.S.
Dude let's make it work first then worry about how many ok
Have you read the whole thing? Ignorance is not truth.
YOU WILL B OUT NEXT ELECTION.
This is fear mongering lies from someone that hates POTUS !!
You are a Senator and don't  know they are grandfathered in ?? #VOTEGRAHAMOUT
You can't have it both ways.  This bill stinks - vote against it.
Translation=cheap labor for SC.
Shouldn't you be holding a parasol somewhere ya big sissy
Stop aiding the displacement of your own people in exchange for some votes. The country isn't yours to give away.
WE VOTED 4 PRES. TRUMP TO DO THIS.HE IS KEEPING HIS PROMISES&WILL B RE ELECTED. U&THE OTHERS GOING AGAINST HIM WILL B VOTED OUT.
Your view/belief has hurt many Americans that just want to maintain their standard of living.
Senator.  I've had to lay off many last 15 years when demand drops. When demand picks up, HB1's from HR replace them.  This is wrong.
Your donors from the Chamber of Commerce must be pissed eh? You pathetic sell out.
Your mixing temp/seasonal workers with Grn card immig. I see now why u couldn't garner more then 1% during primaries. Hope your primaried.
That's causing downward pressure on American wages. American worker wages have been stagnant for decades! Stop shilling for big business.
Who pays you to concern yourself with immigrants as opposed to Americans
But who will pick the Cotton....er, I mean, Strawberries?  You sound like a Dem....circa 1861 
Oh course your slightly against it Lindsey.  What happens when your left with fake news advocacy?
