Why nothing from Durbin? Makes it look like he agrees Obama's action was unconstitutional.
If you saw the whole video, Durbin spoke first.
Just saying they should have posted both of their remarks.
When he called that CLOWN in the WH "a good man" that's when I knew he was once again full of shit
Why don't we kick the Phelan out of this senate come on you were quick to say the Republicans had to why having you all #DoubleStandards
You wussies, can't you do this without him? Pass a veto proof law to keep DACA, like you did with the Russian sanctions.
8 yrs #GOP control and their goal was to obstruct #Obama. They didn't act so #Obama did! No #healthcare, no #immigration policy, #DoYourJob
Because Congress didn't do the job in the 1st place Obama created DACA. Why are they just now starting to look for a solution?
hmm, sounds like the ACA.
It's done. American are taking back they country. Thanks to a Very Good and real American First Citizen @realDonaldTrump. Bad @BarackObama

S.1615 - Dream Act of 2017
Sponsored by @LindseyGrahamSC
#CANExplains #DACA #DreamAct
Read the summary http://bit.ly/S-1615  
Americans to @LindseyGrahamSC stop allowing @realDonaldTrump to destroy our nation.
Hey you the man guys Congress get off your ass
Pass a sensible bill with real border protection, eliminate visa overstays, limit legal immigration to a reasonable # & then legalize DACA.
You seriously think he's gonna "help us pass immigration reform" without wall funding tacked on to it? No way...but, Congress better not.
Yes let's get it done
Senators work together to save Dreamers 
DJT Doesn't want to work hard to help you.
It's time to work together w/o  #45s input
Trump won't help congress pass the dream act because he's too busy catering to his voter base. He knows he needs every single one to win...
reelection. But he won't win the next time around because democrats will come out in droves to make sure he's out of the White House.
It's too bad because Trump could have actually done the decent thing here but once again chose not to.
Too bad because Obama did not use congress to get a legal mandate.  Obama said it is temporary, remember.
Obama did the best he could at the time. He acted with heart, unlike Trump.
Obama;  all sizzle no steak.
So great with the demands! Why don't YOU help @POTUS pass Tax Reform & agenda WE THE PEOPLE elected him for!
You mean "we the confederate people elected him" Cause for sure the majority of Real Americans don't like this asshole as POTUS
No, I am not a Southerner. Live in Westchester. But I DIDN'T vote for Obama or Clinton, both of whom I consider pieces of 
Do your job!!!
Reform already done (1986). Long pass time to start enforcing it.
Congress needs to stay in session longer to get things done. I support DACA. The USA is the only home they know.
What page will you be on this time.
Give the GOP a job that benefits legal Americans they cant do it in 7+ years, but something to benefit illegals they say give them a month??
There will be no immigration reform with this Congress.
LOL he's a terrible man. Screw him & get a veto-proof majority, like with the Russia sanctions, @LindseyGrahamSC @GrahamBlog
#EndDACAnow what about the people who pay thousands to come here, what a slap in the face to them. Reimburse them all now, they were robbed.
I see no evidence of " a good man " @LindseyGrahamSC. POTUS kicked the ball to Congress bc he's a lazy president ! Keep #DACA !
I don't know u , u don't know me ! Ive nvr insulted u. DO NOT REPLY TO ME!
I can't believe I'm agreeing with Sen Graham. Ok now Sen Graham /Durbin, start WRITING THE LEGISLATION GET BOTH SIDES ON BOARD. Get it done
Simple fix deport the damn people it should not be put on the Americans to keep their ass up.
Graham still does not get trump or gets trump&is afraid 2 cross him.Probably the latter.Or is passing the buck back 2 trump.T=narcissist.
Don't expect his help. He needs someone to blame if any reform is unpopular but will not hesitate to take the credit if the reform is good.
Here we go Lindsey on every tv show to down talk @POTUS...Get @SenJohnMcCain and really do the dance as usual.
He has no knowledge of anything. Work around him
Trump wants no kind of immigration .
Another do nothing Senator @LindseyGrahamSC
@LindseyGrahamSC Lindsey has been stabbing Our President in the back since day one! Where were U whenTrump needed your support?
We are counting on you to be the voice of reason.  You and McCain are the only repubs I believe in.  Please do the right thing.
Mr. Graham, my father who passed in Aug 2016 was a die hard member of GOP until the day he died. I have hope in you, but don't let us down.
NO MORE DREAMERS, They put America down so let them go back to there home countries where they came from.
@LindseyGrahamSC 
U disappoint me more often these days. How would u like to live in fear f/months while congress holds your fate in hand ?
That's your job, Senator.
Pass healthcare first! Build the wall!
He is not going to help you. Congress needs to act!
He is a good man... thank God we didn't get bad one 
DT does US no service whatsoever! He's fueled the flames of hatred & fear from the beginning. He's self serving & totally UNFIT & dangerous.
But secure the border first...
See this is what the Grandwizard wanted I will let your dreamers stay if you give me the  for the new Trump wall. I stand with the others
Congress isn't going to pass anything. They are broken.
@LindseyGrahamSC HELP @POTUS pass Health Bill.  Help his agenda or you get no help from him.
So instead of coming up with a plan lets play with the lives of 800K people for a game of political hot potato.   So compassionate.
What about the DACA members of the military and the veterans in VA medical system?
This is exactly what Congress is supposed to do after Obama's botched effort
So where was the bill when Obama asked for one? Oh yeah, that was when a Dem was in WH. I hope this bill isn't like their healthcare bill.
He puts a lot more faith in Trump than the rest of country does.
Citizens to congress: Do your job
I got an idea. How about do what you're paid to do and pass a law? Radical, huh...
But @JohnCornyn says that's "guaranteed failure". Any response at all Senator?
Unless there is a financial gain for him he won't do a Damn thing.
Because @realDonaldTrump is all about constitutional order and not executive overreach.
@GrahamBlog The only problem is Trump doesn't want to fix it, he just doesn't want any non-white kids to stay in this country.
very racist of you!
This is all made for TV and LG is one of the actors.  Trump saves face in front of his base and Rs hopes to buy votes.
We should start with the Dems helping the president achieve significant relief for hard working Americans such as tax cuts and health care
Forget help. Get this done ASAP. A million Americans are in a panic.
Graham needs to replaced next election
It's you job fool. Trump has to force you to pass  immigration reform after the left  failed
Must do Full reform for immigration not just DACA
Why should the President help obstructionist Dems pass DACA when all they will do is join the Dems plans to destroy him once they are legal?
Trump says he has 'great love' for young immigrants covered by DACA,says he hopes Congress will act. I love them so much I'm ending DACA! 
Nope
Yeah, like Collins, Murkowski and McCain helped pass Obamacare reform. if Congress is so passionate about DACA they should have no problem.
I say to @LinseyGrahamSC that you should pass a veto-proof bill. Obvious Trump won't be helping.
You lost me " at your a good man".
You think he's going to WORK??
He wont. He is incapable of doing anything but grandstanding and spewing taglines
Obama tried to do congress' job through ex. Orders and look at the mess we are in.
Do your own job people elected Congress to make laws not president so do your job and stop talking to the press
@LindseyGrahamSC Trump is NOT a GOOD man.
No, @LindseyGrahamSC, you do not need his help. Just do it. It's your job & the rest of Congress to pass laws. Not his.
what @LindseyGrahamSC? trump is gonna help pass immigration reform? what planet are you living on?
oh, #jaketapper's back? 
#theleadcnn
It's great to hear intelligence and respect for proper legislation. Politicians do your jobs. Stop crying
You, sir, and your colleagues have the way to make this right.  Do it! God help us all.
If not, does that make POTUS a dreamer?  Or jus delusional?

HOW MANY DREAMERS CAN BECOME AMERICAN CITIZENS IN 6 MONTHSSTART THE PROCESS NOW CONGRESS
Fred Trump (POTUS grand father) lied to get citizenship and ran bordellos and deported from Braveria. So was he legally a citizen?
Where was Congress for the last 8 years? Oh I know day dreaming too.
Trump doesn't give a d#mn about immigration reform.
Having @KenPaxtonTX on your show was a complete waste of time other than showing what a complete jerk he is.
Oh they want help, don't want to help the president but now all of a sudden they need help. To hell with them
As usual wimpy @LindseyGrahamSC  is giving in to Blubberguts @realDonaldTrump and punting. He's all words,  no action.   #impeachtheleech
Its not his job to help you fix anything @LindseyGrahamSC it you & the rest of congress to get it done. Why should @realDonaldTrump help you
You and fellow Republicans & Democrats have done nothing to help him. We the people are watching you and the rest. Follow the laws you wrote
I'm sick of these Ass holes @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateGOP playing games . In 2018 they really need 2 go along with their Traitor Leader #DT
We've seen this movie  before. It ain't gonna end well. #DACA #TheResistance #TrumpResign
the president have to fix your mistakes.  but now he has to hold your hand in congress to get it done?  WTH do you people in congress do?
I'll wait to see the REAL BILL - don't put it past them to fund other atrocities in the name of 'defending dreamers' DEVIL IS IN THE DETAILS
All these questions they want answers for but so far nothing. What was their answer to ACA? Surely it will be the same with immigration.
One day GOP. One day. #KARMA
Hey Lindsey, willing to work bipartisan? Tell that to Mitch.
"Unconstitutional overreach"???  You mean like a ban on brown-skinned people from Muslim worshipping countries?
Lindsey Graham still trying to spin Trump as a humane being.
best joke of the day... Sit down graham and shut the F up
Ya'll know this was his plan all along,he either gets what he wants or throws a fit doesn't care who gets hurt all about the win
Trump can't help what he doesn't understand...
Obama did it as a timeout..safe guard them while giving lawmakers time to reform immigration
I'm an immigrant who didn't show up here with my hand out and a list of demands. Glad they shut this train wreck down. Please fix Congress!!
This country must have borders and rule of law. This horrible situation of ignoring the problem must stop! Fix our immigration policy!
Lets see, there are 535 members in Congress and only one President, and you want help? come on man! @LindseyGrahamSC
@sengraham2016, good luck with getting any help from @realDonaldTrump. The only thing he helps is himself.
Don't waste your breath Lindsay.
This president will NEVET HELP. Trump never wanted them here to begin with. He just wants to blame it on someone else.
sure NOW congress wants to work on something...... bunch of shitheads....
Ok what I don't understand is you guys now want to follow the law, but yet @realDonaldTrump is allow to break the law when he wants too?
Reform means lose immigration.  What lobby groups paying him?
Let's see if congress mangles immigration reform again
"You're a good man" - #IMO......
"Do our job for us so we can blame you."
Oh Lindsay, I want to believe you (not the "good man" part), but you're Lucy with the football & I've Charlie Browned on my ass too often
I sure he would and fill it with pork to benfits them.just like a Dem-oc-RATS.

GRAHAM WHAT ILLEGAL CHILD WOULD NOT PASS A BACKGROUND CHECK NO AMNESTY FOR ANY ILLEGAL ALIEN ADULTS OR CHILDREN WE ARE SICK OF CONGRESS
The man who didn't say a word after pardon of Arpaio. His words are useless. @LindseyGrahamSC
You are asking asking a blind man to lead the blind @sengraham2016
NO WALL NO DACA! The GOP better listen or we will replace you period!
Lindsey, Trump doesn't help Congress, he hates congress! He likes TV, his bathrobe, and his mommy.
I guess you people don't understand the difference between immigration and ILLEGAL immigration.
Could he possibly grovel more to the Orange Fascist?
He wants Trump to actually do something productive? Good luck with that.
We have been waiting a long time , now you can look at it at least?@LindseyGrahamSC
Supposed to believe that after all the years of sitting on their hands that suddenly the GOP is going to get something done within 6 mos?
Lindsey Graham is a #GreedyOldPoliticians , resign gracefully and let America move forward not backward
Lindsey you can't seem to make up your mind  if you like Trump or not All I see is someone who can't be trusted much to loyal to Trump!
HELLOOOOOO...HE IS A KISS ASS
Lindsey is loyal to Lindsey. He is the equivalent of Little Finger in game of thrones
Hillary must be young the pressure on graham.......congress has sit in its butt for 8 full months not working with the president at all
Thank you for defending the President! This was unconstitutional to begin with it should have gone through Congress! Grandfather them in.
now its a big deal for congress when it apparently wasn't during the last presidency
Idiot Trump and the Guys of Putin Party want to basically throw the ball back and forth on immigration.  How the hell can ppl rest easy?
Who the feck can trust a Republican? Any Republican?
Congress is so dysfunctional it can't even get healthcare passed, yet alone immigration reform

Trump is too busy changing his mind and tweeting!
He lost me at "You're a good man" 

Guaranteed: #dacareform will happen D's will get to keep dreamers in USA. R's will get the caveat that they cannot vote nor sponsor family
Cant wait til they lock his ass up for selling out our country to Russia!!
NO #AMNESTY no #DACA
Until you can enforce current laws, wby pass new ones you wont enforce.
Crawl out of the swamp congress. It's YOUR JOB!! do it. Don't put it off on @POTUS just do what we pay you for.
@LindseyGrahamSC is just like the other Rs in the Senate! All talk and no action! Rs like him will never put country over party!
LOL Lindsey, Do your job so he will sign the bill into law........
You have taken away from the veterans
Trump wants no direct involvement in anything. Not until after it is done and shows success. That way he can swoop in to claim credit.
Good luck with that 7 years have passed and how are you doing on health care Lindsey u are not giving them much hope r u shame on u


He had me until "you're a good man"...

isn't this the same guy who supports a muslim ban and a border wall? tired of his fake outrage...
Americans need to worry about affordable Healthcare!  We need Healthcare bills before DACA.  Put Legal Americans first!
Oh please. Did you even read what the GOP tried to get passes for healthcare?? It was shit. Will always be shit when it comes from GOP.
. Make them come legally not as the criminals that they are. Lindsey have you been seeing Shepard Smith
@LindseyGrahamSC  Forget Trump for all of our sakes and work to do the right thing and leave him on sidelines where he belongs! @RoyBlunt
I like the approach. Basically he is telling him not to put boarder wall funding request in the same bill.
@Sen LindseyGraham One day you are for the people the next for the president. Make up your mind or SHUT UP!!!!
That's probably not a good idea. They should use him as cover, after, not start advertising now.
You had 8 years to find a solution! You never once put a bill in front of the president! Least productive congress in history!!!
Graham is as dumb as hell. He really thinks that Trump will help Congress? No. The man is a Nazi sympathizing racist. Impeach him NOW.
Immigration is a net benefit to the United States. We would not have a @FLOTUS otherwise.
LEGAL...ONLY
Did you check that position with the Native American community?
Did you cheer for Joe Arpaio when pardoned for breaking the law?
No & Yes
Congress voted No on Dream last time. 1st Americans are Still waiting on Tax cuts for all, Repeal/replace ACA, fund Govt by end Sept & Harvy
ROFL dont hold your breath waiting for it...
Bullshit!
Trump will not help. He will pass the blame to stop it so that he can please his supporters. His job is to destroy not build.
What's this Lindsey? Who's paying you Clinton or Soros?
What's this traitors @SenJohnMcCain @SpeakerRyan https://twitter.com/DewsNewz/status/904919463681720320 …
Take ur traitorous BS on to Russia where they love Trump. He has done nothing but embarrass this country and it principals!!! #emptythepews
Thank you Senator Graham for standing up for the Dreamers!
He BETTER PUT AMERICAN FIRST AND BIULD THE WALL!
@GrahamBlog  you have disappointed me!
No reform is needed. Deport those who break immigration law. Pretty straight forward.

Oh you mean REPEAL and REPLACE but for DACA. Yeah because you assholes are so good at organizing that sort of thing. https://twitter.com/lindseygrahamsc/status/904755988204544002 …
Good luck on that one.
.@LindseyGrahamSC, stop asking, admonishing and hoping. You’re dealing with malevolence here — act accordingly.
Sen. Lindsey Graham to President Trump: Help Congress pass immigration reform 
He lost me at "[President Trump], you're a good man".  This is veritably a false statement.
