WHY? Was McCain not available?

Where was all this outrage with BLM ?   I'm just saying, I don't condone any violence but why such a double standard ? Obama had BLM in WH.
Thanks for pointing that out. RINOS out in force aiding Trump haters.
Ugh...Fox-the REAL fake news-News...again...
Stupid associate with stupid. You give America a bad name.
Please don't have Linsey Graham on any more. Dude is awful. Never did one positive thing ever.
Nothing but a COWARD for Democracy & a HUGE Hypocrite. 
Graham, YOU and every other GOP still supporting this moronic traitor are complicit
Oh Lawdy, Swampy is on TV again. NO wonder nothing gets done in DC!
Bullcrap, Lindsey runs to any and all microphones he can find. Exclusive my ass.
Fake News!
Please take action to remove Trump's nuclear authority. As the daughter of a Navy man & mother of a Marine I am not comfortable w Trump.

Fox News has completed its transformation into Trump TV. Read the latest from @MaxBoot. http://atfp.co/2vF2889  

Stop your f#cking war mongering.
Oh my! Can't you get someone else for Sunday's. @LindseyGrahamSC  is your regular schedule Sunday bashing @realDonaldTrump
Only reason I tuned in this morning was to see how low Wallace wd stoop in his relentless Trump bashing. He doubled down. Not surprised
Get someone else please
Wish Chris Wallace wd get lost. His bias against Trump is blatant
Please no, Chris! Lindsey is a fool. . .
So is Chris. Both Trump haters
He's probably in VA on Sat with the rest of the GOP
when is that picture from  1997?
So is Chris. They are a matched pair
Agreed. Chris used to be good. I can't watch him anymore.

Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka, Bannon, and Steven Miller. #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller 
Just curious what did you say when Obama invited black lives matter to the White House after chanting what are we want Dead Cops when now?
Chris brings on ANOTHER Trump hater. Shocker. Boycott Chris Wallace
Two Trump haters talking trash about Pres Trump.
ONE ON HAS TIME FOR THE UN'S REGIME, NOR THE USA.
He looks like a lesbian
Why you continue to be on #FakeNews Fox News I'll never understand. I do not watch Fox.
Still a FEW good hosts on FNC and Fox Business. Don't watch the rest
How many times do you think Lindsey has been in front of the camera PLEASE who listens to him blah blah blah can you not do any better Chris
Chris brought him to use as s tool to bash Trump. Those two have been in bed together (pun intended) trying to take Trump down for months
Don't believe this Sorry Excuse of a Senator he stabs President Trump in the back all the time. In reality Sen Graham is a traitor & liar
And Chris Wallace is an eager enabler
Hey Graham--Off your butt and on your feet!! We're tired of your mealy-mouthed http://excuses.Support  @POTUS
His job isn't to support the president. His job is to be a part of a separate, but equal branch of our government.
True--but he was elected on a  Republican platform, making Republican promises to get himself elected...not to cave  to Dems...
Whoa FOX NEWS your dredging the bottom for coverage now
Sorry @LindseyGrahamSC @lindi cannot watch Fox fake news! Go on MSNBC OR CNN
FOX again, Mr Senator? Any chance of an interview with an outlet that isn't already on your side? Pathetic.
Fox Entertainment is not allowed in our home.
Why are you still in office? Not enough money in your coffers to retire on?You, Sir, are a Crook & a Hack with a Law Degree
L feels denying the less fortunate in SC healthcare is the Christian thing to do. Our tax $ pay for L healthcare. A hypocrite.
https://www.vox.com/identities/2017/8/9/16118628/robert-jeffress-trump-god-supports-bombing-north-korea … How does Sen G. feel about Rev Jeffress passing on God's permission, to 1st strike NK, to our unstable POTUS?
Look closely with your imagination...you can see smiling Bannon, Gorka, Miller, Anton & Hahn angels fluttering hovering in the background.
Well, it was another man of "the cloth" (F. Graham) who prayed for the POTUS to surround himself with "godly" men & women...chortle, chortle
Please tell me it's to talk about how to shut up Trump.
Now there's a shocker..... Sen Graham in front of another camera....  The self promotion tour is alive and well!!
One bubble head talking to another.
This will be a great watch if we live see Sunday!
Who is surprised?  All @LindseyGrahamSC  does for his paycheck is talk talk talk. Grandstand
Where'd you dig that high school photo up?
what a liberal love fest that will be

Oh we will all be watching - not
'Exclusively' Why don't you just empanel him? That's all @LindseyGrahamSC does is talk
2 people I least want to see from the "right"
DOES HE WEAR EYE MAKE UP ?
Oh I be sure to watch ......NOT !!
Yet another interview with a RINO swamp dweller. Can get the same crap on CNN.! Wow, the continuum with Pelosi and Chuck U is deplorable.
He SUCKS!
Who cares what FAKE, probably one of THE LEAKERS has to say?
Is China using North Korea as a guinea pig

Great, so now we have TWO reasons why not to watch....
How many more wars and intrusive Government policies does @LindseyGrahamSC need to satisfy his insane policies?
Hey I'm Sen Lindsey Graham just like Sen John McCain & Sen Mitch McConnell I work against the people's will & all I care about is MYSELF !
This will raise you rating by as much as he collected people in the Primary. Zero!
Is he trolling for war with NK? Ask when HE last heard a shot fired in anger.
Why in the world would anyone anywhere watch those two dimwits?
Two snowflakes together, a day to tune off fox and tune is cnn, yes is that bad. @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @jessebwatters @greggutfeld
Let's make sure we hear from all the liberal non conservative republicans. McCain isn't available so we get to hear from his poodle.
Is he supposed to be Republican too?
Again. C'mon there are 99 other senators. I guys keep bringing the same clowns on every week. If it isn't McCain then it's his lap dog!
Who will be the Republican to give the conservative view of current events?
What a pair
No thanks, this guy is pass his prime....
Who cares what he says? When did he become such an expert? Vote him out.
I'll pass.  Pick a good Republican next time.
Frankly we r tired of hearing frm Graham hes a grandstander  who  shares Mccains view both never Trumpers SC time to vote Graham out#MAGA
Who cares two  liberals who are pathetic,  one a Rhino the other just plain goofy.
I'll be watching "One American News Network", @OANN, my new source for conservative news!  Y'all should too!
That looks like a really old picture of the senator
Spit in his eye.

Geez I've heard enough of these senators who can't do anything...
Clearly the producer must of called/emailed every one in his contact list and could only get Lindsey Graham. I like Chris but will pass.
Will give that a miss, wonder who will have the sharpest knife.
Get out graham
Why?
More RHINOs for Chris to bloviate with
WHY? #RinoLoser #Goober #FoxNews
I'm at a toss up! I can't decide who I despise for their Liberal spineless politics more dipshit Chris Wallace or queer ass Lindsey Graham!!
Topic: how to be a rino in 3 easy steps...
Why?
#CuckFest 2017.  No thanks.
Thanks for letting me know. I will make sure not to watch.

NOT MY FOX NEWS SUNDAY WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO FOX???
Drain the swamp already! Start with McCain and Graham!
Yes good start but add House and Senate leaders as well
I'll pass...same ole garbage, different day...YAWN...
Why oh why does he have to go and talk to Chris Wallace to subvert our President
Traitors
Lindsey Graham is a piece of crap plain and simple.
DNC mouth piece to interview a RINO - he has some ownership to Obamacare still being the law
wow let me set my clock.... lol
Please ask this good old boy, why he is still a good old boy. Only him and McCain left. I would bet my last dollar he misses Robert Byrd.
Why??
Both of them are anti-trump. Not interested to watch.
So you only watch pro Trump media? That doesn't strike you as a little odd that you're running from the truth?
Nope! wont' watch! You mean that you're not having his butt buddy, McCain on, also.
Oh I cannot wait!  Never tire of RINOS making asses of themselves! Oops!!  Just remembered...I have to cut my toenails, so I can't watch.
Lol your insinuating that Trump is a Republican? He's neither a republican, nor a conservative. He's a life long Democrat.
He reminds me of Pat on Sat night live. And I don't like either
If I wanted to speak to him, I call him, Trump did put out his number remember #lol
Thank you Chris for being a voice of reason in the wilderness.
No thanks
Just one question. Why?
RINO
See if you can talk this #RINO into retirement
Oh boy, there's something to avoid
Blow hard swamper

Senator Graham again...
