BREAKING: Administration official: Obama ending policy granting residency to Cubans entering US without visas.
Yes, Obama hates Cubans so much that he ended 60-year sanctions against them in hopes of opening up new opportunities.
How many people do you think American presidents have “assassinated” during the time the Castros have been in power?
So, assassinations are fine as long as someone else commits more of them than you?
if you truly suffered under communism you would want to make life better for the Cuban ppl. That's what Obama did.
what about every other person from other countries that want to come here for a better life?
we only open borders if we can use it to posture against communist regimes
well we don't have open borders for China or Vietnam so that ain't true.
they are not 100 miles from shore
so just because a country is communist & 100 miles offshore they should get special status?
no.....that's just why it was allowed for 50 years.
the policy was a relic of the past and needed to go in my opinion.
I have mixed feelings. In many ways Mexico is better off than Cuba
@AP This will allow immigrants from other countries that are suffering a better chance at freedom. Wet foot/dry foot adios
This is not right matter how you cut it.
(1) but are you ok with @marcorubio @TedCruz & Heller's bill wanting to cut 50% of security funds for Embassy's if ...
, why is it ok to grant Cubans residency when they enter the country illegally but not other Latinos?
@AP why should rich Cubans allowed to be Us residents immediately while other Hispanic refugees have to wait 10-14 years?
Lindsey, I get the feeling you're back on politics as usual here.
@benshapiro But unlicensed, unvetted, undocumented Syrians are okay.

@Potus
@AP Cuban refugees good, Mexican refugees bad. Both looking for work to send back to their homeland.
Don't want more immigrants
Quit bitching about Obama and start worrying about how Trump is going to had the USA over to Russia. #NotMyPresidentElect
Obama and Hillary already did that.
You know @LindseyGrahamSC when I came out of the closet I became less constipated.. Never mind i forgot you were a sodomite
yep...get in line and take a number
And you want amnesty for millions of illegals. DACA recipients are illegal, children or not. U going to let parents stay?
I am confused by the continual hypocricy and self righteous GOP. Real issue: individual and collective GOP ego(s).  #ACA
@AP and so those every other immigrant coming into the US. No one should get an upper hand now.
No, Obama puts them on equal footing with illegals from significantly more dire circumstances.
When only some benefit from the US/Cuba deal, others will try anything to work around it. Viva Libre Cuba!
@AP so you like these immigrants because they are republican?
Lindsey has never been particularly anti-immigrant?
EXT. DOING WHAT'S POPULAR RATHER THAN RIGHT! REV. LACKING IN JUDGEMENT. NEUTRAL IGNORING THE BOOTS ON THE GROUND.
Wow, that is super dishonest of you... You lot hate immigrants. What is it now? Love them or hate them?
Funny how GOP suddenly cares about illegal immigrants but only when they're from Cuba.
@IranAware @AP How about a better life in Cuba. Remove the Castro communist regime Obama, dems and Rinos love
@AP when are you gonna come out of closet? Found interesting tape of you on dark net. You'll see it in good time 
(2/2) the Tel Aviv embassy isn't moved to Jerusalem?http://www.heller.senate.gov/public/_cache/files/e6f046db-fd29-462e-86fe-3433921c44b0/Heller%20Cruz%20Rubio%20Jerusalem%20Bill.pdf …
@AP You picked your nose on Tucker Carlson last night.
Recognize compromise when U C one. Normalizing immigration rules 4 all. Now GOP boots immgrnts they offend Cuban base. :)
why are Cubans given a cut the in the line versus Dreamers who have proven their worth and character
because we need to morally posture against communist regimes
there are other immigrants from oppressive regimes that don't have that privilege
but you see, those are most likely our allies
ENEMY AT THE GATE. REV. ACCEPTING A TROJAN HORSE. NEUTRAL. BETTING ON THE WRONG HORSE. EXT. DOING WHAT'S POPULAR RATHER
I am going to give up on you now. Sorry you were not there when your nation needed you. -mm
@AP because its a moot point you dolt!
@AP go back to your glory hole
the house is on fire and you're talking about dust specks. People will die without ACA coverage.
make up your damn mind. Either you hate Cuba or you love it.
Isreal became more important to the GOP than the American people .Hate for the POTUS is became more important FEED UP
@AP and here I thought you were becoming American 1st and Republican 2nd.
it didn't cross your mind the policy is no longer needed. BOs normalizing Cuba relations and impressing human rights.
refugees should become a thing of the past unless Trumpee reverses
Just how many times does it take to brainwash people with your tweets over and over. Looks like brainwashing to us.
@AP so... this is where you draw the line. I like you, but it's confusing following you...
My question is will we still need a passport to travel to Russia after Trump or will it be another red state?
someone has to protect us before Trump destroys our democracy him along with Russia
So undocumented Cuban immigrants are okay, but not Latin or Middle Eastern?
@AP You are generally more thoughtful & good at finding out why.  In this case so far I see neither! Only Partisan behavior
@AP 
Your party is against illegal immigration, right?
And Reps target Mexicans seeking a better life in the US. Before u open ur mouth & speak,seek contact & engage ur brain.
but Senator, w/ relations normalizing, what is preventing the normalization of citizenship processes for Cuban immigrants?
Why don't you think of Americans having a better life before people trying to come to this country. You are a disgrace.
Not sure why any1 thinks sending ppl back to their to their death is ok. Castro has kill many trying 2 flee Cuba.
What about the Mexicans seeking a better life? Not as friendly to them because they don't vote for republicans reliably?
the European Jews occupying Israel are not God's chosen people,time to stop supporting the terrorists Netanyahu
obama legacy.. bring them in with lies then turn on them like a rabid dog. Like a kid breaking toys cause he was told NO
Nonsense. We need to control immigration. No reason for Cubans to become U.S. citizens if they enter illegally.
@soccerdhg they should convert to Islam. Then they will be granted residency
We need a new health insurance Act
@AP But you're the party against immigration so this should not be a problem. Don't be a hypocrite.
Graham when do you start working for Americans. you seem to have open arms for everyone but Americans
@AP 7 days to go and this idiot along with his legacy will go too!
@AP he's saving them from the suggested enforcement activities of the alt-right Exec Branch. Stop dividing, start uniting.
wait, is @POTUS about to deport some illegal #Dreamers @Debsam1760 @AP
you get your healthcare, but vote to take it away from us?  That makes you a cheater.
you and the rest of congress are directly respond for the Seditious acts of Mr trump.
Stop the incessant Obama critique & get to work holding your boy, Trump accountable for his emoluments clause violations.
next is going to be Colombia, as he releases the worst war criminal of our time.
@AP what about other immigrants seeking a better life. Where is you concern about them? Dreamers?
@AP Why should immigration laws be different for Cubans than for Mexicans and others? Maybe fewer will die at sea.
israel cannot get everything their way... source of all troubles in the world
Now they can apply for visas same as everyone else in the world.
way to many flew to mexico and set foot on USA and instantly can live here. You Republicans claimed them as "illegals"
I'm fairly sure the left thinks Cuba is the health care socialist's utopia.
@AP Lindsay you know damn well Miami was built off drug money and murder, and the Cubans played a big part in that.
Fuck Cubans. For ONCE Obama is making a great decision!
this is what #GOPcrisy looks like folks. What nerve. #hypocrite
Senator, does that mean you support an open immigration policy? Can I quote you on that? @LindseyGrahamSC @jtLOL @AP
oh now you're a fan of aliens entering illegally?
@AP And what is the GOP planning to do to Mexicans with the wall taxpayers have to fund? #potmeetkettle
@benshapiro Unbelievable! I guess we finally found a group of immigrants he won't admit, protect, or stand up for. 
without visa...Do you mean you support illegal immigration ?
Lindsey dont be hypocritical; do we want a consistent immigration policy or not? no ad hoc policies, playing favorites
@AP This makes no sense but the illegals crossing the border r fine &if u oppose it u r racist? Hypocrite Lib #cubans #cuba
What about all the minorities, women, & LGBT persons seeking a better life? When will you stand up for them?
Well then make it fair and treat everyone the same.
Hey Nero, keep your game up against Obama while your party disassembles the USA.
Trumps not letting anyone in & has threatened 2 throw people out. Miss srep here & more 2 the story. Still appreciate you.
I'm sure @realDonaldTrump (republican) will re-invite these foreigners to have a better life here. He's a giver.
we have immigration laws. And they should apply across the board. No exceptions
Yes because they vote Republican, so you need to switch parties so your ass isn't re-elected!
Like the slap you took on thousands of Americans that need medical coverage.
@AP - Are you saying you don't think @realDonaldTrump would do this? I'm not so sure.
I'm confused.  Aren't you in the party of "Build the Wall".  Cubans are better than Mexicans why?
That's not it. 
This is all a part of things getting better in Cuba & there being no reason to flee now.
What about all other immigrants seeking a better life? dreamers? You are using Cubans as a political tool. Contradictory.
??????????
Political refugees. We used to support them.
Why not have the same policy for Haitians? Don't tell me they have a much better life than Cubans.
That we should live to see such times...
@AP but starting a Muslim Registry is really smart.... Cmon Man..
@AP I like how Cubans say... ooh my pussy hurts because Castro was mean to me.
Cuba can not be compared to any Latin American country, for the simple reason that Cubans don't have the opportunity to travel freely.
since when do you guys LIKE "illegals"????
@LizWFB @AP What?
@AP you have some nerve Senator. The way your party treats other immigrants is despicable. Now you standing up for Cubans?
@AP Wait, don't you hate immigrants?
@AP ???  Please explain why this is wrong?
@AP sorry but long overdue. Treat all equally
@benshapiro

...While geting thousands of #Sharia believing refugees who don't believe in r constitution #CivilizationJihad
. But we're going to build a wall to keep Mexicans out?  We need equal treatment for all immigrants.
Aren't they all seeking a better life, including Mexicans that you so badly want to deport?
@AP no open borders#Maga
its because they didn't get the Cuban vote, liberals are horrible losers
libs boycotting l.l.Bean, because Trump won,horrible democratic party, hurting workers and company over loss.
And don't getting me started on those Syrian refugees fleeing a murderous dictator. Oh, wait.....
after what you've done to 20mm + Americans by repealing ACA with no replacement, who cares.
so giving Israel 38 Billion dollars a yr by Obama administration isn't good enough?
@AP 
Wait! I thought Republicans wanted to STOP illegal immigration? Now I'm confused.
@AP what makes Cubans different from Mexicans, Haitians, Guatemalans, Nicaraguans etc.?
enough !   Stop being a Nasty Trump!  As long as Trump doesn't screw it up there's no more need for this!
Cubans make wonderful, hard-working patriots.  So, of course, Obola hates them.
the original basis for the policy was that Cuban immigrants were political dissidents fleeing Castro, who is now DEAD.
Hillary couldn't get the battle ground #Cuban Florida vote. Obama punishes in final days http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/11/15/unlike-other-latinos-about-half-of-cuban-voters-in-florida-backed-trump/ …
lmao what about Mexicans seeking a better life on the US?
To hell with Mexicans, Latin Americans, Haitians and the rest, huh.
@benshapiro @AP Well, at least he's an equal opportunity abuser.  Right?
Hm...do you feel the same way about the Guatemalans, Salvadorans, Mexicans, & Colombians seeking a better life in the US?
stop whining. Worry more about Trump and his policies.# move on
@AP what's the difference between Mexico or Cuba? He's just following the law! Hypocrisy sir!
I wish you would criticise Trump for targeting Mexicans who " are looking for a better life" but you wont, I wonder why!
we have no obligation to I.prove the lives of cubans either. That's my point
@AP Trump and GOP want to target Mexicans seeking better life in USA! #GOPFail #GOPHates #GOPLies #VetsAgainstTrump #Resist
@AP I thought Republicans hated illegal immigrants?! It's OK If from Cuba, though? #GOPFail #GOPLies #VetsAgainstTrump
@AP LOL and what in your mind connects Israel and Cuba? The climate? Omg
@ellencarmichael @AP I don't understand why Obama SINGLED OUT Cubans to deny them entry. DESPICABLE
Because they support the GOP.
So y'all will have to decide how this fits into the new plan. My guess.
Cubans told me they disliked this policy, "Why does the US treat us differently?" #truthmatters
Just pissed because a lot of Cuban Americans voted Trump.
Come on! This is needed if we lift the embargo. Cubans know it (I've been there and we've spoken about it). #dontlie
@AP  how do you deem "seekers of better life" worthy? Syrians? Dreamers?
@AP Obama did a great thing. Now we can look towards restricting all immigrants. Great move Obama -  idiot -  one more week
Great news, dont want ANY immigration, going shut down migration centers and Charity NGO
but what is the difference between Cubans and others fleeing bad regimes? Why do Cubans get special treatment?
@AP Aldo other ewho tried to enter the zips have mit enjoyed the system that the Cubans have received for many years.
@AP Obama is doing the right thing. Israel has to stop encroaching. There needs to be a two country resolution!
Imagine that. Normalizing relations. Having an embassy, requiring Visas for emigration. Youre a brick head. Name one good reason this is bad
@AP you are being a hypocrite, Syrians were being murdered in Aleppo and you refused to let them in the US. Cubans>Syrians?
WAIT!!!!!!  YOU are for immigration reform!!!  This should be a victory for you!  No special treatment!
@AP he must have a good reason for the decision, Obama is not mean like your nominee
Only question is, what took so long? Immigration procedures are in place for cubans to use legal channels.
I agree but Lindsey stop this war talk with Russia man, especially if you arent willing to go fight in it!!
senator, you well know the current policy is both indefensible on face value and dangerous for cubans themselves.
And you are ok with Trump's wall?
you're being hypocritical regarding refugees
???? You mean the same way all immigrants coming to the US are???? Why isn't it an open doors policy for Mexico???
why should Cubans be treated differently than Venezuelans?
Up all night voting to take away healthcare from Americans, and this is what you focus on!? Shame on you!
.@LindseyGrahamSC Do you agree with a law that enticing Cubans to risk their lives in the ocean? Stop playing politics.
Are they illegal aliens or not? Stop all, not just select groups. You've become a good Democrat.
@AmandaPresto @AP I live in Miami. This is the one thing Obama has done in 8 years that I agree with.
Cubans should enter LEGALLY, alone with anyone else who wants to come here!
What country is Obama from and who he is committed to?  glad when he is gone
#your job is to serve not pass judgments..we the tax payers pay you...
What about the latinas and middle eastern people, Cubans don't deserve it anymore than they do. Why do only they matter?
Just stop talking Lindsey GrahamSC you make me sick to my stomach for what you and your cronies are doing to this country
omg, *eye ROLL*
@AP ok for Cubans to just walk across the border? How about others from countries run by dictators? Figured GOP would 
Replace Obama with Trump and Cubans with Mexicans and you have the GOP policy for the last few years.
isn't that true of many immigrants? Why are Cubans different.
WHY DOES THE U.S. GIVE ISRAEL $34 BILLION DOLLARS ANYWAYS?! answer that!!!
@AP "no need for preferential treatment for any single migrant group" says POTUS. It's about time.
@AP It was time to change police. Cubans are now on same footing as others
Obama is an SOB
@benshapiro @AP is this because Cubans tend to vote Republican?
Now if cubans keep voting GOP, they will be voting against their own interests...
what about Mexicans and other Latinos looking for better lives?
why should Cubans be treated differently than people from other countries?
@benshapiro @AP Good. No reason should be treated differently from anyone else from oppressive countries wanting in.
@benshapiro @AP He likely made a deal w/ Cuba about that, Dontcha think? Odd otherwise, given inclinations.
Obama is helping his communist friends in Cuba maintain their oppression on the Cuban people.
I don't see you talking about Mexicans this way? I don't see the problem
isn't it fair that all immigrants are treated fairly. Castro is dead, everyone can stand in line to enter now.
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC, do you also care about #Haitians looking for a better life? #inmigrationreform #cubans
@benshapiro @AP Enough is enough!
@AP help me understand what's the difference between Cubans and Syrians
There are billions of people who would have a better life in the US.
I understand Biblical prophecy must be fulfilled so Jews must be protected while we wait for Jesus. Cubans? Not in my Bible
@AP Condemning Isr for violating int. law with their aggressive settlements is  fair, even from an ally
@AP expected more from you, but not surprised. If u can dismantle the #ACA, surely u can get the Cubans visas? #SavetheACA
should have ended this policy when he normalized relations.
so then you'd have no problem with that old policy being extended to Haitians, Mexicans, etc....right??
