The Democrat-Marxist Party does not understand the USA does not want what they are selling. They are in Trump denial purely in self defense
why are you there. You won't impeach this president no matter what he's guilty of. No decency in Party now
GETTING THINGS DONE
THE GOP IS NOT
TRUMP IS GETTING THINGS DONE
IT'S WHAT HE ALWAYS DOES
Let's be clear if it was a democrat in office you would want impeachment papers written up stop being so unamerican
YOU ARE WASTING TAX PAYERS MONEY ON THESE CONSTANT "WITCH HUNT" HEARINGS!
NO EVIDENCE OF ANYTHING FOR A YEAR NOW,
NO PROOF OF RUSSIA
HACKING OUR COMPUTERS EITHER, COMEY SAYS VOTES WEREN'T TAMPERED WITH ALSO,
THIS WHOLE RUSSIA STORY IS RIDICULOUS AND AMERICANS WANT TO
MOVE ON ,SO TRUMP CAN WORK ON TAX REFORM AND OBAMACARE
It is time to protect our country.  Country over party!
“Let it be said that any President who cheats our institutions shall be impeached.”–Lindsey Graham
You SOLD OUT UR good friend @SenJohnMcCain . HE understands this threat. My dad=Korean War did too! If U hassle #Comey today=NO VOTES 4 @GOP
Senator I am very disappointed in your comments on CBS You know quite well trump has no BUSINESS interfering & OBSTRUCTING the investigation
Mr. Graham, I really hope you run for president. America needs a man like you in the people's house. President Trump is doing his best
This has to be a sarcastic tweet.  

Right?
Definitely
Wow, from comments, looks like you've lost trust of both Rep & Dem voters, nice job! Btw--pls show us the #AHCA b4 you vote! #showusthebill

I'm not so sure I agree 100% with your police work there, Lindsey. And stop speculating about a hypothesis. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/872861549983150081 …
Senators and insider sycophants treat @realDonaldTrump like craven generals tiptoeing around an insane syphilitic emperor. He is, you are.
The more I speak with Republicans here in SC, the more confident I am that we're turning blue. #Graham #demsresist
Did you take Russian money to get elected ?
Oh oh the lead Senate Drama Queen will continue his whitewashing of the President.
Stand with Trump, tell McCain to as well. Why can't u Republicans stand together and vote together. Let's pass the agenda. Health bill, Taxs
What comey did was treason.
@SenJohnMcCain @TheDemocrats @GOP NOW START THE CHANTING LOCK HIM UP IF IT WAS GOOD FOR HILLARY ITS GOOD FOR DUMPY TRUMPY
Senator, it's discouraging to see you of all ppl defend him when it's obvious to everyone but senate republicans that trump is a liar.
A pathological liar who constantly tries to keep all of America off balance or the former chief of the FBI who's integrity is impeccable?
Poor Lindsey Graham.....no light bulbs working !
$800k. In with Flynn you are.
Please keep focused on horizon.  Why were so many in Trump group cozy with Russians spies?  Why is our Commander in chief soft on KGB spawn?
Just as we expect professional conduct in POTUS  ,we expect the same from Congress .

The FBI are federal police.  Do you respect the work that these brave professional do everyday for us?
BINGO. Thank you-Ms. Violet! You SOLD-OUT ALL of those who fought (& DIED) in a war against Communism! Your friend @SenJohnMcCain 4 instance
You pledged loyalty to Trump, didn't you? #Traitor #TrumpRussia #Comey #ComeyDay
Lindsay Graham knelt and 'kissed the ring'. TRAITOR.
Members of Congress should never publicly slander a sitting President. Address this conduct .Maxine Waters
Wrong, wrong, WRONG!!  It IS obstruction plain and simple!!  Start Impeachment!!
Nothing like becoming a party shill when it counts.  #traitor
It's the fact he fired him that makes it 100% obstruction.  After not getting what he wanted from the meeting..#whoispayingyouoff
You in Trump's pocket. Russian money for your PAC.
IF THIS WAS HILLARY CLINTON, and she was being investigated by the FBI + she did all the things 45 has done,you would have begun impeachment
Who got to you?  Trump felt Flynn has been injured enough??  Most of us would already be in jailed or heavily fined.
Lindsey, Lindsey, Lindsey! When did you become a pimp for POTUS45? Angling for having your own "thing" with DJT? #WhatAreYouScaredOf?
You should demand Trump give up his tax returns. Follow the money, who does he owe?  The GOP is putting party over Country.
don't worry Mr.Graham  DJT's support hasn't diminished,but has increased don't underestimate quite majority
Lindsey Graham, when a liar tells a lie, they tend to look, fidget, twirl, and shake any part of the their left side of their body! Stop sir
I am ashamed of anyone who has my the Lindsey name who isn't doing any good! Lindsey@ your party is losing credibility! You better get real!
Party over the American People.  All of you are corrupt with Russian Money.  Protecting the worst Pres ever.  U will be found out.
Did you kiss the ring?
Trumps best friend! Party before country, right?
If confirmation that Trump tried to intervene in an ongoing investigation is a "good day", I'd LOVE to see a bad one.
traitor
Will you point out that POTUS statement "Not a target" borne out?

Or will you stay loyal to the DNC?
Senator,  I am afraid under this administration we are on the verge of losing our democracy as we know it
ur comments on the "loyalty" statement was 2b sure his loyalty was w/t American ppl by extension of DJT
2insinuate anything other is traitorous!U know &we know Comey covered amultitude of crimes 4Clintons/Obama
You're a public servant senator. Your loyalty lies w the constitution not with president. And we're not subjects, we're citizens.
ic that the memo got out 2 the Soros paid trolls "country b4 party" not that u have Soros's dirty money 
Hey Charlie wouldn't be Gr8 if Comey came out taking selfies shouting Now who's more famous Mr. President! Charlie?
What a disappointment you are. Party over country.
stop protecting traitors- it's disgraceful
Are you going to lie, like your criminal boss? Will Charlie Rose tolerate the shit that flows from your mouth?
The only people who tune in to you enjoy being fed utter bullshit on your spoon of hypocrisy
Was there ever any doubt he would have Trump's back? Did anyone honestly think Graham would put country before party? Will never happen.
If you think that @LindseyGrahamSC has the back of @RealDonaldTrump  then you must have been in a coma for the last 2 yrs. Get well soon 
Nobody cares.
lost a lot of respect for you ... very disappointing
Nothing I enjoy more than listening to a man who could not carry his Own State while running for President!
“What brought us here is not partisanship but the conduct of one man who happened to be the president.”–Lindsey Graham
You've made it clear you are republican before American. SC is mad at you.
Sounds like the only thing you're interested in is ur "Mr. President" and your agenda.  To hell with the truth and country.  Right, Senator?
We know where you Stand Lindsey Graham and it is not With Trump You Liberal Barker~You throw just enough in to pretend.. We see through you.
Shouldn't Feinstein, Wyden, Harris and Schiff recuse from Sen. Intel Comm.? How can they investigate someone they are openly trying to oust?
Very good questions for Mr Comey! Good representing, even if I am from NY! SC has good representation U and Trey Gowdy!!
What is Lindsey Graham first? Republican or Citizen?
Thank you Senator Graham.
For lying? Characteristics of liar, confronted look left, fidgets, taps, moves anything on the left interview he lookes left several times!
Why would he not take notes on Hillary's destroying of evidence or Obama's illegal spying? Recently taken a speed writing course? Contempt
Why would he not take notes on Hillary's destroying of evidence or Obama's illegal spying? Recently taken a speed writing course? Contempt.
You need to trumped by you high heel! Woman for Trump, asinine! I pray for your sanity!
Why would he not take notes on Hillary's destroying of evidence or Obama's illegal spying? Recently taken a speed writing course? Contempt!
You should ask Comey if he is concerned about DT's mental health.
That's all you do clown, you love the cameras. Try doing your job and back your potus
The entire GOP from top down allowed this to happen! The biggest scam ever n our democracy all for party! The GOP is void of patriots! SHAME
Ask yourself when did the party of Reagan become the party of Putin? U r complicit Lindsey
Hard pass. You and most GOP have no scruples defending the indefensible
Graham. You and Ur beloved party can't gerrymander your way out of this one. You've lost the faith and respect of one more independent voter
Is there any truth to this sen graham?
Country & Constitution over party, Senator Graham. Get.On.The.Train!
Asking for loyalty is a nice way of asking him if he is a political hack who will keep leaking to the press or will he serve the country
Oh , you mean  your  incredible denial of Trump's actions. Party over country right ?
People will respect you so much more when you decide to choose county over party 
Lack of integrity is palpable; you are complicit with DJT to deconstruct American government & blood is on your hands
Why so we can hear more excuses about how impeaching a pres for a BJ is prudent but being a greedy slimeball who subverts democracy is ok?
Why does Trump throw so many of his own people under the bus yet seek to defend Flynn so voraciously?
@SaraCarterDC @CBSThisMorning ppl need 2 ask Comey how he knew abt Sessions recusal b4 it happened? Trump knew Comey=Leaker
Wouldn't defend the scrotum sac Trump for to long!
Country before party, Lindsey Graham.
Lindsey, you're a huge disappointment! We will NEVER 4get the GOP that put party over country! What are you all hiding??
Russian money
Lindsey Graham you support a president who admires Putin and you're willing to look the other way on too many vital concerns.
Wow just WOW! U R TRAITOR TOO! Clear obstruction of justice! Get back to governing?! U mean insulting allies, breaking pacts, B lafingstock?
Lol reading comments  both sides agree. Also remove your head from McCains lower orifice.
Sr- do you NOT think Flynn wasn't working w #russia without #trumps knowledge ? Come on Senator! That's collusion & there will beobstruction
And the PICTURE of Flynn SITTING NEXT TO PUTIN at a Russian Dinner? Wasn't he also working for Turkey & UNREPORTED that fact?! (It's YES.)
I already read the GOP talking points for today.
Lol so right
You're a two faced con man yourself..took 800,000.00 from Russia for your PAC?!!!
Lindsey you are a turncoat and a complete traitor. And a liar. And a coward. And you have no balls. WTH is wrong with you. #unAmerican
Dont forget to mention the Trump tweet about tapes threatening Comey, or Sally Yates and his Tweet about her when evaluating obstruction.
You would if you were honest and not a political hack.
Why should we care anymore, Senator? You have become one of Trump's lap dogs! 
No thank you. You have said enough.
discussing the pussycat grabber's slick escape from justice, again?

what more you need!? Those 4 admired men were disrespectful to the committee yesterday! Don't normalize!
Who the f*%k cares what you say, you change your views day to day you have become untrustworthy and nobody believes you anymore
explosive and riveting! Comey likes to be the center of attention.
No thanks. I've seen you do a complicated tap dance to try to cover up @GOP incompetence around Trump enough at this point.
Lindsey, your vanity is showing!
Yawn. Your lies are boring. Traitor.
Obstruction of justice - clearly. Blatantly.
Stand for America and democracy, not traitor Trump and greed!
Is it true you took money from a Ukrainian Putin supporter? $800,000 for your PAC? Reported yesterday.
Same old protect your party and your leader Total loyalty
No thanks, you always disappoint. Your comments on fox are the polar opposite of comments on MSNBC. You're all talk no effect to protect us.
Agree
Country over party Lindsey, get there.
k
