You're a sick excuse for a human being.
WTF is wrong w/ you? Do you hate paying (low) taxes that much that you'd rather Americans die than have health coverage?
Yes Matt. You are exactly right and wrong at the same time! Well done. It's always good practice to think before you tweet.
It's always good practice to read what you are replying to, as well. Our taxes are among the lowest of any developed nation.
Why does he want them even lower at the expense of his constituents' health? I don't expect a coherent reply, so you're off the hook
Graham used to be a figure worthy of some respect, now he is peddling pointless, destructive Trumpcare. How much did Trump buy him for?
The replies criticizing the bill have more likes than your original tweet
Next Lindsey will go on Sputnik to explain why he put partisanship into healthcare policy - taking from blue states to give to red.
I'm sure the listeners will enjoy listening to you talk about how great it is that the peasants will lose their health care and die quicker!
TRAITOR, CROOK AND LIAR
Will he ask you about bill that is being shoved through the Senate without hearings, a CBO score, experts? What you're doing is shameful

Really? I'm a Stark demo but had some respect for you until this @LindseyGrahamSC 
Tf
Republicans, fundamentally, do not know how to lead. And Lindsey & Co. craven attempt to pass this mystery-meat repeal bill is disgraceful.
Did you speak about the times you performed homosexual oral sex on male prostitutes...err "escorts"? #Skeletons

A bill -- finalized yesterday, has not been scored, amendments not allowed, and 3 hours final debate -- should be viewed with caution.

I am so disappointed in you.   Thought you a better man. Unfollow you!
Hahahahah.  The stupidest of the Friends.  Will believe anything you say.
Notably, Graham won't engage on the substance of Kimmel's argument, or allow for a CBO score that would tell us who's really lying. https://twitter.com/burgessev/status/910524514899038209 …
Standing behind this lunatic for hc reform with no possible path to bipartisanship and calling a craze job names.
Really? You’re a sell out too? Is there any Republican that cares about the people. Watch this video: https://www.facebook.com/jimmykimmel/videos/1977414852535607/ …
erm, Kilmeade NOT credible news resource Senator. What, you couldn´t find real reporter?
You’re a hypocrite and not worthy of your position.
Listen to Republican governors on health care.
Gonna have a bad night sleeping, huh?

No conserv who cheers ripping away the insurance for babies born with critical diseases (for tax cuts) can EVER claim to be pro-life again.
Oh, I get it now.  You're one of the Fox News guys.  That explains a lot.
Sir - we need public hearings. We need the details. It needs to be scored. It should be bipartisan.  Will we get any of this?
You've betrayed the American people. Again.

Resign.
Are you explaining how this will take healthcare from tens of millions? I would love to hear how that is "pro-life."

Speak with @Lawrence law or @maddow and then I might believe you have the people's best interest at heart rather than a wealthy minority1/2
Answer Lawrence O'Donnell and Rachel Maddow's hard questions and the bulk of the people might support your bill. 2/2
Hay, how about going on a legitimate news program and answering real questions, instead of taking cover at Fox! #COWARD
Instead of cutting Americans healthcare start saving money by stopping Tom Price from taking private jets all over the place. Waste waste
So long, Senator.  I've never witnessed political suicide before.  Sorry.
PLEASE stop Rep/Rep! Fix what exists/take ur time! These r people u r throwing under the bus 2 get ur selves re elected! SELFISH! Shame on u
I'm curious, Senator. Have you decided who to appoint to your Death Panel yet?
So disappointed with you! Saying this is a good bill makes you a nasty liar just like DJT.  I wanted you to be a patriot, statesman. U fail!
Your outrage at Dems not helping you kill folks as pathetic as your closeted racism. BTW how is your closet? Still comfy in there?
#SaveACA
How many times do we the people have to tell you we don't want your bill n4 you listen?
Only 12% of America's  support  that bill. YOU know that  http://Mr.Graham.So  for who is the Bill ?
Your Bill is absolutely Horrible - for at least 30 Million Americans.
Are you telling him about how you're ripping HC aware from Americans?
You used to be the only Rep I kinda liked but this egregious act has exposed an evil in you that I never, ever imagined.  Save healthcare!
shame on you. Just give us the same health care we give you.
Still waiting to hear what protections your bill gives me as I battle metastatic cancer and have a preexisting condition.
Senator no one gives a damn about you or Graham/Cassidy. Take away healthcare and kiss Trumps ass. ACA is so bad but Congress keeps it. SAD
No hearings or CBO score? There's a reason why you're trying to do it this way. It's because even you know this is shit.
Just tried to call your office to express my alarm & disgust over #GrahamCassidy but I was unable to get through. You are a partisan hack.
Notice how there are almost NO tweets supporting #GrahamCassidy bill! That should tell the politicians something right there!
DO YOU BELIEVE IN KARMA....
cause paybacks a bitch
What you are doing to the American people will go down as a very dark time in our history. You will be known for inflicting pain on millions
You & the GOP hope for the worst for the American people. Shortened enrollment period from 3-months to 45 days. You forget who you work for.
Remember when #CBOScore & hearings were deemed necessary by you? GOP Gov. Hogan & others reject this cruel bill. #hypocrisy #integrity
Koch network 'piggy banks' closed until Republicans pass health and tax reform https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform?CMP=share_btn_tw … #CorruptGOP
THE ACA IS NOT IMPLODING. the GOP is ripping coverage from millions. Ad funding cut 90%. ENROLL NOV. 1 - DEC. 15
https://www.healthcare.gov/quick-guide/dates-and-deadlines/ …
Mr Graham..I used to think u were one of the honest ones..
Boy was I wrong! your BS HEALTH PLAN is a disaster, hurting instead of helping 
Because you and your 'old man's club' don't care. ACA OPEN ENROLLMENT Nov. 1 - Dec. 15. CHECK YOUR STATES DATES.
Abt how you're going to knock people off their health care? How pre-existing doesn't matter to you? How you're cutting 700b+ from medicaid?
You've become an embarrassment for SC.
You are a terrible person. Your legacy will forever be tainted
This is u in May. U r such a hypocrite. 2 mins of health care discussion? Ur bill is a death sentence for many!
A bill -- finalized yesterday, has not been scored, amendments not allowed, and 3 hours final debate -- should be viewed with caution.
Shame on you.
Your gleefulness as you explain how you will kill people and/or make their lives miserable is disgusting.
Your bill is as toxic as Trump himself. Any respect I had for you is gone. The entire Republican Party is trash. Idiocracy has arrived.
Your health care bill sucks. Millions of Americans have pre existing conditions and u obviously don't give a shit if we can't afford ins.
Hate divisive radio and news FOX the real FAKE "opinion" woman hater news
People of SC really need to take a look at who they vote for! This puppet for Koch bros? Terrible and shameful!
Ripping people's health care away from them so you can satisfy the Koch brothers? Greed and evil abides in the Republican party.
Don't let your love for federalism blind you. Senator! State execution isn't best for everything. #FixNotFight
Who pays for DACA's healthcare? Are they on Medicaid?
"The last chance to stop socialism." What absurd, dishonest horse crap.

Every Senator must vote NO on #GrahamCassidy bill!  YOUR bill is disastrous for Americans, especially the most vulnerable people!
@realDonaldTrump I would like to know, who is paying for healthcare for all of the illegal immigrants ?
You have really hit rock bottom now, Kilmeade? Gracious...and your repeal bill will harm people....sucks.  You know better.
Wouldn't medicare for all be a pseudo tax cut for the rich since business wouldn't have to pay for healthcare?
Please shut up
How about a ballot initiative to strip congress of health insurance? Let's see if they like being fucked with?
Blood of millions of Americans will be on your hands, Lindsey Graham. You are just evil.
Think of the misery you will cause with this bill. Any claim you have to being a decent human being will be gone.
You were a senator I could respect even if I disagreed with you. That is until this disaster of a health care bill. What's wrong with you?
What happened to regular order your buddy @SenJohnMcCain insisted on for your piece of crap healthcare bill? #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Awww staying in your safe space. You need to get out of your echo chamber and do what the majority of Americans want you to do.
My god man, have you lost your soul?  What are you thinking with that horrendous bill?
Give me the socialism bitches
Why do you want to hurt people? Your state is the biggest 'welfare' state in the country. You need to stop trying to kill people.
How heartless can you people possibly be. MY WIFE WILL DIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You suck Mr Graham.All you care about is repealing the Obama Care. You could care less about the American people. Vote Blue!
HI! was wondering if you could answer why you are trying to murder millions of people? Thanks!
About how you're trying to kill millions of people w/ your vile ACA repeal?
Would you accept this as your Health plan?
SAVE ACA!!!
I'd rather be a socialist than live under a Republican regime. They are truly evil.
Trump has demeaned and threatened you enough too get your loyalty. Too bad Obama never used such crude tactics to get you motivated!
Your bill guts medicaid. How many children, elderly people and disabled people will suffer because of that?
So, now people with preexisting conditions (like cancer) get to face exorbitant premiums and lifetime caps?
You really don't care how many millions lose health care coverage from your bill, do you? Despicable. Heartless. Cruel.
You have no mandate for this.
Lindsey you are a lying snake that has done nothing for the people that votedfor you.  Prayerfully they will wake up and see you as a devil
Your bill is a travesty. You should be ashamed.

To #Congress: Graham-Cassidy would result in millions losing coverage, destabilize insurance markets, decrease access to affordable care. 

POTUS and McConnell should invite Murkowski to the Oval Office, and say "what do you want in return for your vote on this."
Shucks. Too busy to watch.
Lindsey Graham talks from both sides of his mouth. Either side he espouses B-Shit. Could care less how people will b affected
You want to kill people for your rich donors. Spread lies about ACA. You're just a bigot. Racist. Who hates obama.
Why do you think it is ok to push millions of folks off health insurance?
#Graham is an officer, but is no gentleman. @LindseyGrahamSC doesn't care how veterans or POWs are denigrated or denied care.#iserved #USAF
Is your HC plan objective to "cull the herd" because that is exactly what it will do. It will impact your "following" the most, just saying.
Fox is the only station that will have you? Your HC proposal will deny millions (more) the right to HC. Are they going to ask about that?
I'm not a Graham fan, but your repeal of Obamacare is a logical approach. Time for Senate Rs to keep a promise!
Take the vets pics off your page you do not support them, vets will be hurt with GrahamCassidy bill! You no longer speak for the vets!
So the rules are only at your pleasure? You are a disgrace.
Gross


Do your DAMN job and allow hearings for your healthcare "bill". My child depends on Medicaid.. your bill will KILL people!!
Lindsey why do you want to hurt Americans? Why do you want insurance companies to deny care for sick people?
Nurse of 40 years. This is not good. Healthcare for all, universal or give us your insurance coverage. Bet it's great!!
YOU will be responsible for all the deaths of people who can't pay the huge premiums for cancer. Their deaths are on YOU.
You have betrayed us again. Fix the ACA.  Your bill will kill people like me.
If you pass this bill you not only screw Americans, you doom the Repub party.
If you pass this terrible bill, blue states will move to single payer. You'll enjoy that.
Senator - Please do not continue with your Graham-Cassidy bill until you hold hearings, get input from stakeholders and get a CBO score. Thx
Time after time I get fooled by you. Start thinking, Graham might not be be that bad, then you go and pull typical Gop douchebaggery.
#ACA is failing because of an attack from a @potus on all fours for special interests & @gop who is more concerned with #WallSt than People.
Having battled metastatic cancer for 7 years, I'd sincerely like to know what protections your bill provides for preexisting conditions?
Watch the VIDEO. Find out what is really in the bill. On @MSNBC with @JRubinBlogger
Shame on you. Shame.
I hope people send you pictures of all their loved ones who will die b/c you always put party over people. May they haunt you forever.
Well that's a mistake.
Stop trying to shove this down our throats so quickly! We have a right to know the details of this plan and who will loose their coverage!
You are just trying to get a " win" for Trump at our expense!
THESE MEN ARE LIARS @BillCassidy  @LindseyGrahamSC
JUST IN: American Medical Association comes out against new ObamaCare repeal bill http://hill.cm/UrYXlMA  
Wait for the CBO report! We all deserve to know how much this will cost and who looses their healthcare!
Lindsey-just listened to your comments about ACA repeal. If you think state legislators are more competent, you need to retire NOW.

#GreatReads: The staggering hypocrisy of Bill Cassidy and Lindsey Graham: http://bit.ly/2xkjGXg  @mattyglesias 
Rewarding states who didn't expand medicare and punishing those who did. I will work day and night to find votes for your 2020 challenger.
Hopfully to announce your resignation
Why tell anyone, you love to hear yourself talk/ and no one likes you 
For a short instance I said now thats a Republican I could vote for,but like the rest of your colleagues you have no decency at all!
When the AMA thinks you guys are a danger to the health of Americans, there is a problem..
NEW: What does AMA-- doctors-- think about Graham Cassidy?

Not recommended by people who see patients. 
You're a real POS - I hope God takes NO mercy on your crooked soul when you die

Under this bill, pregnancy will cost you an extra 17K. Metastatic cancer 172K. Autism 5K. Asthma 4K. This isn't a healthcare bill.
Shame on you.
Add this to the discussion.  Bet you won't:
You were on Breitbart radio yesterday and Fox News radio today.  Why can't you get on a real news radio show?
How can you vote on a bill without knowing what the effects will be?  Full CBO score or no vote!
JUST IN: American Medical Association comes out AGAINST new ACA #GrahamCassidy repeal bill
You've been kicking around this disgrace since July.  Now you say not enough time for a CBO score.

Alexander has been told to stop working on a bipartisan ACA deal. The push for Graham-Cassidy is sabotaging a bipartisan deal.
