Gee, if you racked your brain...
You are clueless if you think that he is qualified to be a leader of a boy scout troop.
C'mon! 3 letters: K-G-B.
He's gonna continue 2 do as much as he can for the Kremlin & you're going to keep pissing Americans off ignoring it
Russia has pictures
What if it's not simple stupidity, but willful feigning of stupidity... just you know, your avg inept, botched coverup. Street level stuf.
What do you think he should do call Putin a damn liar? That's good diplomacy isn't it. You, John and Maxine Waters are three of the sicko's.
Really? You don't get it?
I think you DO get it. You have an opportunity to be a hero for America, Senator. RISE UP.
I think he meant to say : "The Republicans are butt kissing lap dogs...I just don't get it." #closertothetruth #fakepresident
MAYBE YOU'LL FINALLY "GET IT" IN 2020 WHEN @realDonaldTrump IS RE-ELECTED. YOU WANTED A CUSHY CUSHION WITH KILLERY AS PRES.  DONORS UPSET???
Neither does McConnell; call for @SenMajLdr's resignation NOW. He threatened to cast as "political" a warning by Obama's of Russia meddling.
Maybe he understands what you're doing, Mr. Graham, and he finds it as disgraceful as we do.

Oh come on Graham, you understand exactly what's going on. You're not fooling anybody w/ a brain
I'm afraid that my brain has almost melted from today alone 
Lindsey, I've realized now that you're as crooked as they come. Working for the Obama coup.
@MTP would never mention the Russians if HRC won. They have zero care about Russia doing what we do to them and abt all other Countries
Trump is the most unqualified ignorant incompetent president EVER
#Mueller does. . . .
@LindseyGrahamSC you all know in your hearts it's bc he's in bed with them. Please, encourage GOP to be brave & put country before party.
Trump understands very little about the world, Lindsey. I don't understand why you think he does. Disturbing really.
Russia and Putin kicked Evil Soros out of their country and are opposed to ISIS terror spreading all over the world. Russia is enemy how?
He doesn't understand squat. His secret plan for defeating ISIS is to continue doing what Obama was doing. Steady progress.
He doesn't understand the world at all. He doesn't understand how to peel a banana
You don't get it? Why are you playing dumb? Is it perhaps ... party over country? I think so.
@realDonaldTrump understands perfectly well his fortune comes from Russia. I am surprised you don't understand that senator.
Hillary Clinton told everyone why during campaign. Looks like you weren't listenimg either.
Why are you wiping up each and every spill that DonaldTrump makes You need open your eyes Trump is trying to lower the standards of America
Can't wait to see Mr Trump's nickname for @LindseyGrahamSC Lindsey.
Goober Graham face of globalist establishment anti American greedy elites!
I think you give him too much credit
Senator I BET YOU A COKE! HE OWES SOME BAD COMRADES A BOAT LOAD OF MONEY!!  It is obvious he is protecting a secret, follow the money!
trump understands damn well that Russia owns him.
Trump understands nothing about anything. He's blustered his way through life. He can't read, he can't speak, and he can't think. Pitiful.
You don't get it, well let me explain - Russia hacked our election to get Trump elected President cause they hated Hillary - does that help?
Why do you think Sen. Graham?  He's in cahoots with him after no lenders in U.S.
Follow the 
We gave you all you asked for both house and the presidency no get off you AXX and get something done now
Lindsey Graham is a piece of shit... @term limits"
don't get it? Really??
No he does NOT understand the world- either!
I hear the #Tapes are #Blockbusters
Any more of #DespicableDonald's sycophants you wanna bring before us?
It's not that complicated he's a traitor
Then DO something, don't let him get away with this. We have become an international joke. You can get another job after this is over.
Understands the world? Would've expected some integrity from "statesman" like you. You "don't get" why Trump has "blind spot" on Russia? Hmm
"He understands…" What? There's a 16-yr old cat sitting next to me with more finesse and better diplomatic skills. #words
Exactly why you couldn't get 1% of votes when you ran in the primary.
You get it. Everyone gets it. You just won't say it. Hasn't this gone far enough?
Sen. Graham should stop saying @realDonaldTrump 'won fair & square" Putin hacked the election to elect trump. Flawed election flawed result.
This is how you know Graham will never hold Trump accountable. He knows Trump is just as bad on everything but pretends otherwise.
Putin is 45s money guy, come on people, it's a no brainer
Lindsey Trump understands the world - Trump doesn't even understand the American Constitution especially the First Amendment
Hillary LOST. BUT where is the outrage @POTUS about Hillary & Pay to Play, selling Russia our Uranium while SOS? Bill C's Russian fees?
Churchill & Roosevelt did in WW2. Are you insane Lindsey or like McCain, long overdue to retire. You are both war mongers. Trump won.
Tillerson & POTUS both understand world & we are facing MANY threats. POTUS gets it; we need to find some common ground to work w/Russia as
U want World War 3 w/Russia? @POTUS Thank God f/POTUS spoke on a RANGE of real issues, not just fake Russia story like Syria, ISIS, N.Korea
Perhaps you should look at who he surrounds himself with~perhaps you should review his praises/protection of Putin~his lies & U don't get it
No Mr. Graham.  Trump definitely does NOT understand the world at all. Why  would you support such ignorance?
#NeverDJTHRC Election2012 Obama to Romney: On Russia? "You're   Wrong"—"ColdWar Has Been Over for 20 Years" https://youtu.be/T1409sXBleg  @nytimes
The left still trotting out Lindsey Graham like its breaking news.
He doesn't understand anything though... not even business.
I be diesnt, he only u derstands his bottom line, and doesn't care who he hurts in the process
He didn’t know what NATO does. He thinks Korea used to be part of China. He thinks nobody knows who Susan B. Anthony was.
Didn't know Abraham Lincoln was a Republican. Forgot Nixon was impeached. He thought Kim Jong Ill and Kim Jong Un were the same person
He didn't know what the "nuclear triad" was. Thinks Fredrick Douglass is alive. Thinks Andrew Jackson could have stopped civil war.
C'mon man, it doesn't take a pro to see he is not well. WE get it! #getridofhim
Just as in Watergate... follow the money.   A lot is tied to his Russian businesses.
Two military powers together equals a lot of power, and only one at a time has to have control over his military to help lower risk 4 both.
No, he really doesn't @LindseyGrahamSC . But you do, so you KNOW that's bullshit.
Let's discuss how a partnership between two narcissistic authoritarians with big egos who worship $ and power could benefit as partners.
I say it is the two biggest white supremacist Military Chiefs partnering up.  ? is why?!  Other Countries better get armed, and quickly.
What don't you get?! He is a treasonous crook. Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country--all others r complicit
Because Putin has info on him. This isn't hard, Senator.
No, he only understands real estate & tax evasion.
.@LindseyGrahamSC what's so hard about understanding @realDonaldTrump? He can be read like a bad Russian novel.
Graham - wtf? Trumps a moron. He understands nothing.  He's a traitor to the USA and should be treated as such !!!
If he does understand the world well, then why does he belittle our allies, and align himself with Erdogan, Al Sisi, Xi, Duterte, Putin?
Graham is a dope
It's collusion, senator
Having one or two good insights does not mean understanding...#SundayMorningLive
If you put it that way Sir, I have to say you need to check your understanding of the world as well.
The only thing that will ever motivate him or ever has: MONEY.
YOU don't get it, but the MAJORITY of the country did.
And that because you don't want to get it.
Seriously @LindseyGrahamSC ? You just lost credibility trying to cover for the extremely INEPT @realDonaldTrump Americans see it-Trump unfit
#25thAmendmentNow
Come on, Senator @LindseyGrahamSC, it's obvious to everyone else...Trump doesn't have a Russia blind spot. They have the goods on him.
$$$$$$$$$
When are we going to investigate Obama's interference in foreign elections, using DOJ funds?
Think about it Lindsey; rather than obscure answers, consider the obvious
No he doesn't
Bc Russia is the only place that will benefit from climate change guess who is in business with them trump !
If you think he understands the world well, then yeah, you don't get it.
You don't get it? Maybe you should try and make some sense of it.
He understands how to make a buck off it -- I think
if you understand anything of the world and are left with a Russia sized hole in the big picture... you don't know squat.
Follow the money @LindseyGrahamSC & therein lies the answer to why Trump is pro-Russia. He was fawning over Putin @ G20.
He's a traitor. He is colluding with Russia, while your party protects him.
Be patient. You'll get it. It may take a little while. You've been catering to Wall Street backed career politicians for too long.
He understands money laundering, bribery, obstruction, collusion, greed, lust, vanity, wrath, envy etc.  The world of the #HornedGod
What's not to get
Geeeeeee......now WHY might that be????
Don't play dumb. 
1. Trump doesn't understand anything about the world.
2. He owes Putin absolute loyalty.
He colluded with Russia to win election. Self explanatory! Republicans need to get with the program or swear allegiance to Putin!
Exactly! Why is he supporting Russia? Why? What is he afraid of?
If trump betrays the USAIC this way, you will see #FVEY, @GCHQ and every other none FSB aligned security agency turning their backs on USA
I think @LindseyGrahamSC is trying to reach the President through these tweets...plenty of flattery but the message about Russia isn't lost.
Right, u don't get it!
Trump understands how to make slippery deals with oligarchs and criminals. He understands how to tear things apart for a profit. He...
...understands how to lie, cheat and steal his way to power. He understands how to bully, threaten those that stand up to him.
He does not understand the , politics, economics, science, tech, medicine, geography, sociology.
He most certainly does not understand...
...the history of our country, it's people, our problems past and present. He does not care to understand anything beyond his needs/desires.
So, Senator Graham. Unless you're going to truly stand up and do something for your country...sit the hell down.
Lindsey Graham is an actor, a game player, disingenuous never to be believed tool of the rich.
Its obv u don't get a lot of stuff.
 Lindsey just doesn't get it . . . Lindsey doesn't want to get it
This is not the most stupid comment I've ever read, but it's pretty close. You actually think Trump understands the world and being pres?
Because trump works with Russian mafia. Not hard to figure out, just have to be able to read
@LindsayGrahamSC - If DT "understands the world", then he is PURPOSELY saying SCREW IT, and US. Have you upheld the constitution today?
You have got to be kidding. He is taking away are democracy little and ... http://tmi.me/1fj7e0 
Not so hard to figure out, Lindsay.
@realDonaldTrump understands the world pretty damn well?  Bwahahaha!
No the man only understands his own ego.
You don't "get" it so stop criticism
The rest of the world issues are being handled by Mattis - thank goodness. trump is not bright enough AND he's too lazy to figure it out.
Maybe POTUS owes them lots of $, or they have compromising material on him.  If it does not seem logical or in character, must be something.
Trump is compromised. He is a puppet for our adversary Putin. Trump has been laundering Russian money and Putin has the goods on him.

That's because the idiot is involved, wake up and realize it.
He can't find his ointment without help shut up
When does "he is hurting the presidency" become "HE IS HURTING THE COUNTRY?"  That is your responsibility, Sen. Graham.
"What you don't get"is "some" evidence on the issue on which you say you've not seen any  evidence. It could be argued"not enough" but SOME
Oh he understands Putin. Follow the money.
Lindsey Graham got less than 1% of the vote because he is out of touch with the American people just like Meet the Press is @syqau
Maybe it is you who don't understand?
So then when are members of the GOP going to stand up and do something? You will talk a big talk but fall like a party lemming in the end.
Wake up Lindsey. You can't figure it out? Not too hard.
COLLUSION is why.
Where has trump shown he understands the world at all anywhere? Graham is still carrying this treasonous jackass's water.
Lol, these tweets are like the new comic section.
Almost makes you think there is some hidden factor (video tapes) influencing his behavior
Is being a pig the new qualification for being a Republican spokesperson
Russia is the ONLY regime The Mad King gets. Correction, the regime HAS HIM. "Assistance", not "Interference" is what Putin accomplished 
You get it, Sen. Graham...stop enabling this traitor
All this proves is that Lindsey Graham is a hopeless sycophant. Get your nose out of Trump's butt, Lindsey.
All Russia was doing was trying to help. Right Lindsey? Look how ths US is viewed by rest of world now. The republicans own this disaster.
When the hell has Trump showed he understands the world?  Traveling and understanding 2 different things.  Ohhh I get it "word play"  STUPID
don't be coy. You know EXACTLY what's going on.
It makes PERFECT sense!! Putin has something on him and is making trump dance to his tune
Should occur to u Lindsey &your roadies @SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain:

Dumbfounded isn't a good look

FIX THIS. 
#AMJoy
"Except for Russia, except for Russia except for Russia" duh
No, he doesn't know basic things about the world. He thinks Kim Jung-UN is his dad.
Question that statement.
Benign stupidity eh?
Lindsey Graham is as ignorant as chuck Todd...idiots.
Lindsey Graham why don't you ask him if you don't understand his thinking on Russia? No one takes the time to ask him.
@CillizzaCNN @LindseyGrahamSC what world is he talking about? Alderan? Certainly not the world rep by g20
@MarkWarner @SenatorBurr @tedlieu @RepAdamSchiff Does President Trump mean that he wants to partner with Russia to "guard" election hacking?
Oh. I think we do
@LindseyGrahamSC you "don't get it" because you'd have to face @realDonaldTrump is a traitor and a illegitimate President.
You just don't get it? Well that sums you up, doesn't it, Lindsey?
What really should be reviewed is repeated Obama cyber failures.
trump may understand world from real estate business perspective but NOT politically
@POTUS understands now time to increase cyber capability and apply real pressure on Russia not whine about Obama repeated cyber failures.
Oh, quit, Lindsey. The man is obviously clueless on everything. Admit it and DO something.
@LindseyGrahamSC he doesn't inderstand squat!  He' a traitor and by the time repubelican's get that through your heads ir will be too late!
No he doesn't, all he understands are sound bytes, using the highest office for self enrichment, & repaying Putin, who else does he owe?
It's so easy.  Putin is perhaps the richest man on the planet.  Trump will willingly bend over for him.
It's obvious...he is their puppet
Because he is in their pocket
And something is wrong with him.
Psst, @LindseyGrahamSC , he's guilty. Stop pretending you don't understand.
Really? Just stop. He's a carnival barker. He understands manipulating a certain audience.  Outside of that the man is butt ignorant.
You get it and more importantly so do we. Do your damn job or move on. GOP cowards.
Come on now. Just flip. You're so close. You will get a ton of support from the people. We need an R to take a stand. That should be you.
You've already got him.
And Korea. And China. And climate change. And nuclear deterrence. And. And. And...
given the disproportionate amount of business the trumps do in russia, i'd say he understands perfectly, and bluffs like a pro.
you aren't police. you don't need means motive & opportunity. instead of trying to find a why, just DO SOMETHING TO STOP HIM.
Who will be the one patriotic Republican to step up and stop this MADNESS?  The GOP is driving us towards civil war. #BloodonYourHands
Oh, I think you do, @LindseyGrahamSC.
He understands the world? Except Russia?? Is Lindsey actually serious?
G19 + 1
Get that he is beholden to Russia. You are not stupid,Lindsey. Good luck getting that sanctions bill signed. Bet he won't sign
Do your job and Impeach Trump, he has the US in bed with Russia after they interfered in our election!!!
Well you do t need to "get it". You need to take action to protect the country and not your agenda.
