Graham you need to make sure that people in South Carolina keep Obama care,do your job,voting time coming again,you are out ,out.
You've been willing to dissent when it matters to people's welfare. Are you going to sell out healthcare for elderly, helpless people?
I cannot bear the leadership of this nation anymore. You only care about winning for your team, short-term payoffs for the wealthy.
Both parties are to blame for mindless partisanship, but the GOP herd has really betrayed this nation's people.
Your time would be better spent looking at the Trumpcare bill, it's damaging effects, and the Russian connections to Trump.
Why are u tweeting about Obama ? Trying to change the subject is ridiculous.  We are not all blind, trump supporters. Don't treat us like it


YOUR biggest problem is that you seem poised to vote to kill thousands of people so as to give the rich tax breaks & become a #TrumpToady!
Just when I was beginning to think you were a stand up guy.  SHAME on you @LindseyGrahamSC
Once again party over country.
What's graham being promised by Trump, how much is insurance companies paying you! You will never win another election! Traitor t electorate
Idiocy. Millions of VETERANS are going to lose their healthcare due to #trumpcare and THIS is what you're doing?
Trumpcare: thousands upon thousands of vets & their families will lose health care. Will Fischer @votevets explains. 
Diversion!  Don't stop calling @lindseygrahamsc

Bipartisan issue! #MAGA
202-224-5972
#NoACHA
Pathetic distraction from Russian investigations
Your party will never stop with the emails will they?  Millions spent But throw children and seniors off healthcare
13K vets in SC also!
#MAGA Lynch is irrelevant 

Under #ACHA SC'ers will lose Medicaid
64K kids
12K disabled
14K elderly

Call Graham 202-224-5972

#NoACHA
13K vets!!
Give it up. Focus on the Russians in the white house now.
How about reading the healthcare bill and voting no for those you serve! One insurance company is better than NONE! 
@LindseyGrahamSC  Why is @POTUS giving the Russians back their compounds without anything in return?  WTH is going on?
Trumpcare giving to the rich and taking away from the middleclass and poor. Why are Republicans being voted in???
Wake up everyone.
at least she didn't ask all security services t stop investigations, n Trump will do nothing to protect USA from putun,he's n bed with them
Dude - it doesnt matter anymore. Healthcare and Russians are the problem NOW
@LindseyGrahamSC    Excellent!   Thank you, Sen G. Follow ALLleadsj
Linsey is getting so old. He needs to resign.Somebody tell him Trump is President and Lynch is gone. Hillarys emails were investigated 100xs
Maybe investigate @VP Pence's use of private AOL email if you are going back there AGAIN!
Partisan hack!! Party over people!!
You should be focused on the Russians and the elections. Clinton emails have been looked into for 4 years. Give it up and don't waste time.
Way to get to the bottom of the pressing issues facing this country and your constituents! #sarcasm
Because heaven forbid he address actual current problems.
Sen. Graham, spend time seeking info to improve the Healthcare bill instead. It's current state is bad for our most vulnerable -seniors/kids
But her emails? Seriously? With millions about to lose healthcare, I know you've got more sense than that foolishness.
Aren't you a little late at this????
Oh good and Hillary should Sue for these crooks that helped cheat the election
for the love of God, MOVE ON.  Maybe pay attention to THIS administration.
'Bout time someone is looking. Can only hope a full throttle investigation is underway!
Just another smoke screen to cover Trump. Can he spend his time working on finding the truth out about POTUS and obstruction?
Please focus on what is important. Russia has invaded and is using the president as a stooge. Think of the future of this country.
Live in the present & work on what's now. Prosecute the past after we right the current path we're on. Focus on @potus. Not the runner-up.
What about current issue with sitting president instead of looking at a person who never became president!!!
I NEED GEORGIA REPRESENTED LIKE THIS!
Have you reviewed Trumpcare bill yet ?  Is it beneficial to the residents of South Carolina?
How about healthcare?  Lower cost college?  Vocational training?  
Hilary is over.  We are still here,  and you represent us.
This is your focus right now?
Come on, @LindseyGrahamSC ...pls be better than this...please be better than Trump!!
Another sellout.
@LindseyGrahamSC Always the hand-maiden for Donald Trump. Sad.
Did not see this coming from him but he is selling out one piece at s time. #allinwithTrump
How about focusing on @realDonaldTrump business dealings with Russia 2006 - 2016!
There is none,however,the Uranium One deal when hilLIARy was SOS is a crime she should be dancing from the end of a rope for.
In related news, Graham takes fiddling lessons while Rome burns
Better late than never Lindsey
Stop it.
why haven't we got enough investigating going on right now you are some piece of work  not guts whimp once in awhile you say right thing ehh
Wow, this is how South Carolina is represented.
Yup quite badly.  We'll replace him if someone runs against him in 2020.
no so why dont u report on all the corruption of GOP look at @funder on Twitter & @mikefarb1 on voting tappering
Better late than never I guess...
While your at it let's dig up Nixon and unpardon him and throw his rotting body in jail.
all corrupt & like to put the blame on Obama or Clinton Obama could not do any more on the interference in Elections cause McConnell said
Why dont u look at 800000 he got from Russia along with other GOP who got lots of money from Russia McConnell, Ryan, Cruz, Rubio they r
#Key to the investigation. #GoSenator.
Oh my god ! Is he actually wasting tax money on that ? Who gives a F**k about that? Old news! The OLD WHITE MANS GOP CLUB are useless !
Wouldn't your time be better spent investigating people currently in power? Like, say, oh, I don't know, @POTUS?
They have been investigating for 7 months with ZERO evidence of any wrong doing.Lynch and Comey are both liars and need to be prosecuted!
Nixon wasn't under investigation at first either.
They actually had evidence against Nixon.They have nothing on President Trump.It's just lies from the MSM that were created by hilLIARy ppl.
They didn't have evidence at first. Then they got it. Unless you're the FBI, you don't know what evidence there is.
#Priorities 
Just trying to distract from Senate Deathcare bill. How do you sleep at night. How will you explain GOP evil at pearly gates. #VoteNoAHCA
Just how lurid are the photos that @realDonaldTrump has of @LindseyGrahamSC? #partyovercountry
WitchHunt!!!! U Don't know what too do about anything!!!
Let's worry about Russia having too much influence in WH
About time!
Distraction!
Stop with the attempts at smoke-and-mirrors distractions.
@LindseyGrahamSC is throwing up smoke screens because his boy, @realDonaldTrump and family are a gang of criminal thugs.
Can we focus on what's happening right now? Why look to rehash ancient history?? Seem R's sometimes forget they won...
But they lost popular vote by 3000000
The Russians attacked this country and you want to investigate Loretta Lynch? YOU ARE A TRAITOR.
In which @LindseyGrahamSC's party is so corrupt & cruel that he is literally resorting to "but her emails" as a distraction.
