I'm incredibly disappointed, this just means a faulty bill will get rammed through. Whose vote was bought?
@LindseyGrahamSC bye bye!
Good but sad to see @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins don't have he courage to even debate the bill.  2018 consequences!  @IngrahamAngle
Typo above meant THE courage.  No misogyny intended.
Arrgh!
I bet you all are secretly buying up stock in body bags, coffins and burial urns.
May God rebuke you Lindsey. You have been bought and paid for by evil forces. You deliberately stand against a sitting president. Stop lying
They better,  or I'm voting bye when the time comes , matter of fact, voting bye to Lindsey anyways, had enough of him !
Please reconsider.
Deplorable. Remember at the ballot box
That's because they HATE President Trump. They R part of the republican never Trump & support the dems resistance movement. Vote them out!
They voted to move open discussion to the senate floor.  Nothing has been approved.
Gutless wonders
You are literally killing me. You talk & look like good guy but you are not. I will never believe anything you say again.
Traitor
Good guy? 10% sound bites used to deflect from the other 90% @GOP rhetoric!  He's a partisan hack and @realDonaldTrump apologist! 
Disappointed in our senators.
Cowards! But the next election will come!
We must watch their vote on the actual bill and remember for years to come.
Very disappointed in this reckless move.

Discussions....healthcare bill discussions #fakenews
Now we hope ypu have something better which you can get Congress to accept!
Aye = coward
Aye= complicity too!  #complicit
Hope they are able to sleep tonight amidst the cries of the hungry, disabled, sick and elderly they have dishonored.
Shame on Lindsey Graham!
Partisan hacks and @realDonaldTrump apologists! Vote them out! They don't care about the people, just the @SenateGOP !! Party over people!
@SenatorTimScott  I called to urge both of you to vote no.  Kasich's bipartisan approach is much better. Very unhappy with my Senators.
You ignored your constitutes... we need to make sure we send message if you don't listen to constitutes you will be voted out!!!
What about the money that is being spent to discredit ACA? What about the call centers being shut down? ACA is still the law!
Koch Bros must be pulling the puppets strings now!!
Traitors get the rope
May they all go down in flames for taking away the ACA!!!!!!
I thought for sure you cared about all of us. You allow the liar & chief to cont. & now cut millions from Medicaid. Thought u was a good man
Morally bankrupt
Traitors to the American People!!!
So disappointed.
Not a patriot in the bunch of sissy republicans
Yes to repeal with nothing to replace is killing millions.
*to remove healthcare.
@LindseyGrahamSC pretends to be the voice of decency in the GOP even as he votes to strip healthcare from millions. Cowardice #SaveTheACA
That's why you'll never be president, @LindseyGrahamSC

No spine

You think @POTUS @realDonaldTrump'd vote for a thing he didn't believe in?
To be expected from senators representing states of this ilk.
Shame, Shame, shame
SAD!
MURDERERS. This is a thinly veiled tax cut. Dems have agreed to fix ACA and you both refuse to work for your constituents. Shameful.
Shame on you, @LindseyGrahamSC . You're harming your constituents. Party over people, though, so go you!
You hear that Senator Graham? "Kill the bill! Don't kill us!" Shame on you. History is watching... #KillTheBill
CONGRATS! Both putting the nail in your coffins. You know the amount of calls, faxes, etc. you've received. TONE DEAF to constituents.
Very disappointed by our South Carolina representation.
WE HAVE PROVEN HIGH TREASON CRIMINAL FRAUD CONGRESS/SENATE/PRESIDENTS. GOLDMAN SACHS LED BANKSTERS RULE & LOOT 99%
You should be ashamed of yourselves.   You'll be guilty of murder by robbing people of their healthcare.  #SwampDwellers
They just committed murder & they will forever carry the blood of millions on their hands.
Shame on your Senator.
Of course they did. If you're angered by this vote....remember that when they are up for reelection.
@LindseyGrahamSC shame on you! Killing ppl
As one of their constituents in 29607, I can attest this is par for them. Always voting for party, never for people. Trumps little minions
Shame!
History will not be kind.
Disappointed in both of them. Shame.
They both choose actively to ignore their constituents, so no one is particularly surprised by that. Neither has strength of conviction.
They're very good at being "troubled" and "deeply concerned", though. Cowards both.
What a pair of shitbirds

In 2009, McConnell *literally* said this: “We shouldn’t rush again on something as important & costly as health care.” Is it not true today? 
