But if you don't close the immigration floodgates with real reforms and border security you can forget about our sovereignty - #MAGA
There are consequences for entering this country illegally, there parents should have thought about that before breaking the law. Simple
"Sins of the father" and all that, but Republicans don't really care about the bible.
Land of opportunity, just follow the correct protocol, no need to sneak into the country. It's Illegal
The people in question were brought here as children. Their parents violated the law, but the children did nothing wrong.
They are not being punished just sent home.  They are adults now.  They have been schooled,  earned money they can go home now
"Sent home?" Exactly where would that be? This is the only country they have known. They have a positive effect economically. Let them stay.
What kind of facts do you have that they have a positive effect? I'm pretty sure the hard working Americans paid a price for their parents.

Yes, free education and hired before Americans
Had DT been anti-war and not fucking with NoKor and Russia, he would've been impeached by now.
Your delusional, he never wrote an Execuative Order in violation of Our Constitution. Obama passed for votes, left mess, librals did nothing
Ok, next time put your dentures back in when you're tweeting so we can understand you.

Also "I don't have a delusional"

Lindsey, you're the only one up there with any sense. #steadyintheboat
Omg
Congress needs to stop whining & get to work passing  comprehensive immigration reform. Obama's DACA EO is divisive & unconstitutional
Meanwhile their parents break the law and drain tax payers 750 billion over a lifetime. Solutions? @LindseyGrahamSC
I want Healthcare And TaxReform yesterday
Fox News story "91% of dreamers are working, would cost 30 billion to replace them" ha? Thought they were students !
I agree that all people should be given a chance DREAMers)
A chance they got  fix legal citizens problems Vets need to be before anyone for housing Dreamers in military need automatic citizenship 
Exactly Senator Graham your very much correct...Give them a chance & they will make this administration proud that you let them stay...
The bill is in congress's lap now, do your jobs! Follow the laws that we have to follow. Represent us American citizens.
we want the senators to leave and not come back
Get to work Senator Graham. If you love DACA so much then pass legislation or shut up. No legislation from Congress deport all of them.
Your POTUS couldn't make the right decision if he tried.  He will always do the wrong thing.  Always.
Keeping us safe, taking the garbage out
Lindsey Graham looks like he wood lead the KKK and might be part of the dirty dozen along side John McCain these fucktards are festering.
You, Mr Graham, are irrelevant. Obama was breaking the existing laws with his executive order in the first place. You and McCain are swamp!

Trump hates dreams and dreamers
He did the dreamers a favor, Congress and Obama knew it was to expire and never worked on a solution. Trump now has thrown it to them to fix
I can't understand why other countries are not fighting to get these educated young americans
They are not children, anymore! Simple: Apply for citizenship! You reaped the benefits, now wear, our "Stripes"! Legally! 
A win-win is you leaving the swamp you helped fill.
@LindseyGrahamSC what about inner city citizens in particular minority citizens who can't get jobs or are paid less?
750,000!
@CBSNews is an instigator much like other #FakeNews media outlets. Y'all created the racial divide. Learn from #Texas #HurricaneHarvey
Not about kids, but people waiting for immigration status for years. And criminals continue to commit crimes.
Our kids come first. Not illegals
They'll do great back in their own country where they belong n if they break the LAW there they will be held accountable, just like here NOW
WRONG ! Graham POTUS is American President,our President! He is not the President of illegal entrants to We are so blessed with him
Actions, not BS please
Uh huh. Graham's mouth has served him well, hasn't it?
Keep talking Graham so we can see how high your level of 'stupidity' goes. DACA is Unconstitutional and against our Laws.
@LindseyGrahamSC Why is Alan Wilson, the SC Attorney General, in favor of this? You need to get your shit fixed at home too!!
Let it be known Lindsey, we will vote out the RINOs in 18, and show you what not supporting our president means.
I can't even stand to look at Lindsay much less listen! He is a DEMOCRAT!
Why are they more important than the people trying to immigrate the correct way? 
How about we follow the law? You want em? CHANGE THE LAW
@LindseyGrahamSC if you want them to stay then DO YOUR JOB and make it legal!!!
If it's a win win how come he hasn't fixed himself.
@Warx2TheMovie Graham will lose his seat promoting felons.  These "kids" are adults.  They steal from taxpayers like their parents.
Of all the people I never thought I'd be rooting for, L. Graham is near the top of that list
The Swamp needs drained from the likes of L Graham....explain to LEGAL immigrants why they had to follow the law but others are above it
@LindseyGrahamSC they are illegal
BULL shit
Congress should stop the complaining, they can fix it...if they do their jobs. Why haven't they address the issue in last 20 years?
He needs to invite then to live in his house and pay their room and board.
When someone I normally disagree with says something I agree with I gotta like that.
Back in 2012, Obama said "This is a temp fix, NOT a PERMANENT LAW" He also said congress had to MAKE THE LAW! What part do u not understand?
Hey @lindseyGrahamSC Now it is time to do the job that was yours in the first place. Trump could have ended it. Obama said it was a temp FIX
Well Mr Graham, the ones i KNOW are on the government dime and are in gangs! Keep the ones we have, NO NEW DACA KIDS as of right now!
Try to secure funding
I don't always agree w your message. I will give you the credit for standing your ground and doing what you do think is right.
He is a horrible racist as is Jeff Sessions They are appealing to their rabid racist base #DefendDACA #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRacism #UnFit2Rule
Yucznt  You cannot impeach Trump for an Unconstitutionally program that Obama created Unilaterally!
Lay off the emotion @LindseyGrahamSC and do your job. 7 yrs and no healthcare repeal. ?? yrs and no immigration reform. Not Trump's fault
Lindsey Potus is not telling the dreamers to go any where. He's telling congress to secure the boarder and than do immigration reform.
you are fighting so hard for DACA policy but not for tax reform or to repeal/replace Obamacare you are fighting for the wrong things #MAGA
What do you plan to DO about it @LindseyGrahamSC ?
these kids were brought here by their parents illegally & have stayed and not gotten LEGAL so no more free ride on taxpayers dollars
BullCrap! How come American born children must pay for an education? Mostly borrowed then paid back with interest. Scumbag Obama!
Trump doesn't understand win-win - that's crazy thought to his mind. For Trump it has to always be: "I win, you lose"
It's a political loss of your seat if you grant amnesty
@LindseyGrahamSC it's against the law and it's unconstitutional. You can't just go ahead and change it because you want to.
Trump gets to throw red meat to hateful base & GOP Congress saves the day by FINALLY doing their job.THAT'S the win,win. #ThanksObama! #DACA
#America was built on #dreams. #Trump is transforming dreams into #nightmares.
I don't believe the house or the senate are concerned about what's best for AMERICAN people.
Then you all do your job and finally overhaul immigration Legally.
It's an illegal action to begin with on Obama's part! Screw Graham. Enough of this garbage.
Pass Legislation!!!!!
Congress - stop grandstanding and do YOUR job!
He hasn't actually checked the stats has he?
Why not a Win/Win with the #GangOfEight @LindseyGrahamSC ?
Do your job Sen Linsey Graham. Do what the President tells you all to do. Or we'll vote you all out
There is something wrong when children who grew up here all their life are sent to places they have no friends or network to help them cope
You mean USING basic human rights like "Dreamers" as pawns for your Rep agenda is the Game your playing to pressure congress .. SICK & SAD
Great kids? @LindseyGrahamSC
PROVE IT!
They are NOT kids people, they r in their twenties 
Lindsey is such a parasite.
It would be a bigger win-win if U.S. and Mexico both working, productive. We're crippled by excluding Americans. That's the issue. @potus
@LindseyGrahamSC Average Dreamer is 26 years old.
Their moms 'n pops clean our toilets and cut our lawns. WIN-WIN ...
How can undocumented immigrants be working legally?  How do they pass an I-9?  How do they get SSN's?  Why cant we ask these questions?
Send all criminals back immediatly them look at a 5yr plan. No voting, no welfare,  and no crimes
You should getbiff your a $$ and pass immigration reform. Trump just had to force you
By lawful means only. Plus lets not forget the American youth who by no fault of theit own need a gand up.
Trump is using POLITICS to BLACKMAIL GOP to do what he demands. HE IS PUTIN's  toy and I can't wait to hear what happens when he bores PUTIN
Dude...they should fire u because some of these people r not dreamers most of them r druglords gangbanger womanbeaters gayjunky child rapest
Employers of these pp will HATE TRUMP because he is killing jobs other pp won't take. I am so glad economy will cause pain 4 pp with money.

About Damn time
Average age is 26??? So not kids...
@LindseyGrahamSC then do what DT said, get congress to pass the law to keep them herelike you should have done in the beginning
Let's see how he votes @GOP
1) These ppl, have proven that they want to work hard to achieve a good life in USA. They pay taxes! They pay socialsec, ( #Dreamers )
2) they pay additional money as #Dreamers! They are Students! They are 1st Responders! Teachers! They have worked harder then some
The video of the kids making it's round on Twitter shows me they are arrogant illegal cheaters who cut the line - Sorry Not Sorry
have you personally met every daca and guarantee they are all great kids?
So let's do away with all immigration laws. You think this is fair to legal applicants? Solve immigration by making USA a third world equiv
Lindsey, they ARE NOT KIDS!

#NOAMNESTY 
#IllegalsGoHome
#FollowTheConstitution
#MAGA
#GoTrump
...Just come out and say..I'm a racist and get these people out of here.  Stop hiding and beating around the bush.
And please people replying in support of Trump...that's fine...just try hard not to be dumb in your support.  Just a little effort...or
Not in a Chump world.   But still better than Hillaryious Clinton.
Follow the law deport them all
They take our college desk, our jobs and our USA values. USA students dream too.
Graham is a phony!  You need to switch to Democratic Party & quit being a RINO! You're example of the swamp!
Mr. Graham- do something about tRump before he ruins America all together!!
How about own kids who r strapped with education debt and get no privileges but r expected to pay taxes to pay for illegals education!
A man who got less then 1% of the vote, and never made it to the main stage? @LindseyGrahamSC  You're talking to the wall!
Then get to work and fix it. This is Congress's job, not Potus. Trump is forcing you to do your job.  Should've been done years ago.
$?
I հανε δręąms;
†հεγ αււ ςσՊε τrնε;
†
Aηδ Բ Уσն CBS ИЭШZ;
МILIŦΛŦI-ILLÜMINAZIS;
Nati[on] is but now [off]icial.
For now sleep.
-Cthulhuman
And you personally know all 800,000 are working and are great kids..Really
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC for having the courage of your convictions and speaking truth.
There are an estimated 3 Million, who can qualify for DACA Amnesty. GOP not going to legitimize 3 mil democrats.
You playing good cop, bad cop again...
Selling flowers on a freeway entrance ramp is NOT "working."
If that's what you want then get the legislation passed and on the books. Do YOUR job!
They are not "kids" they are young adults with the average age being in the mid 20s.
@LindseyGrahamSC Are these some of the good people you refer to?
You're FIRED!
http://www.fairus.org/issue/examples-of-serious-crimes-by-illegal-aliens …
Hey Graham, dont call on @potus to do your job.  Get off your collective Senator butts and follow the law.
How much crow you have to eat senator?  Doing @POTUS dirty work again.
There NOT Kids anymore. Their beef is with their Parents!!! Should have been working on solutions and did NOT!
I still think it's gross how one of the main arguments is how "productive" they are.
Then do your job
Show me some stats - how many are criminals, working/productive, getting gov sub, getting free education or paying their own.
#RecallGraham I support Legal immigaration, not Amnisty for all illegals, they should all be vetted and crimimals sent back. Good luck 2018!
These ppl are NOT more special than the immigrants who came here before them LEGALLY! It's that simple! Law is the Law!!!!
Shut up they can stay and you take your 2 amigos with you Ryan and McCain!!!
Tire of listening to the bla bla from this politician!! DO SOMETHING!!!
what about the dreamers that are thugs? Ms13 gang,  drug dealers. Murderers, rapists?
They are NOT KIDS..no reason to not follow LAW,get citizenship. Comm Org KNEW it was illegal. @LindseyGrahamSC
Well Senator pass legislation for these kids!!!
Not kids....average age is 25. They're adults!
But then he complimented the President.
How about ending Obamacare and tax reform first? You know, the issues you ran on and were reflected to tackle?
You are trying to reason with someone who has repeatedly proven that he does not pay attention to reason !#DJT45thBest
Didnt he say he was supporting Trump yesterday?
Linds. When your dog bites every postman & shits on every lawn, don't tell me how You Wish You Got a Poodle Instead. #gogetyourdog #impeach
Has he read the constitution?
This guy needs to be shown the door

U ALREADY FAILED !
BAD START by stating u r going to fix #DACA 1st
Your goal MUST be to FIX BOTH DACA & Immigration NOW!
#LindseyGraham #GOP
Well if so Great why isn't homeland fighting to get them back? Just saying
Lindsey, do you think that the base your party's leader pander to constantly will accept a 2017 DREAM Act?
This sounds like a sound idea. We just don't want illegals in here. Make it where it is controlled. It might work. Dont know. Skeptical.
@LindseyGrahamSC you are so bought and paid for, sit down!  Spending billions burdening taxpayers is not a win win!!  Talk to ICE clueless
Is he a cupcake democrat or just naturally retarded or a RINO traitor ?
Where is yor compassion for US Citizens that lost jobs and educational opportunities to non -citizens? They were great kids too!
Hot air, talk, does nothing. Progressive hoax.
Since when do kids work?
Why don't you just help those US citizens and legal strivers instead of talking about illegal immigration all the time?
Working? They don't seem to be working right now, they're on TV protesting, so much for the "they're working" theory
Omg !! Maybe one of them will take your job
@LindseyGrahamSC you just continue to prove the RINO that you truly are, just switch parties...
Funny you have “Reagan” in your handle. Was he a RINO too?
Great kids? Start with drug screens.
Lindsay Graham, thank you for making me proud you're from SC for a change.
Great Kids:
http://www.fairus.org/issue/examples-of-serious-crimes-by-illegal-aliens …
We need more of you @LindseyGrahamSC
Pretty sure he just did. He's wanting Dreamers to be able to stay.
I'll believe it when he actually does something. Until then he remains firmly in the unreliable asshole category.
I just posted as much or is this my thread?  Not thinking straight ATM.
Same page. Gets complicated.

I swear I don't get this fucking clown. One day you think, he's a human being with a brain... the next it's like he's a different person. https://twitter.com/nbcpolitics/status/905148721372905473 …

Remember... 
Why you don't help legal immigrants and American citizens instead?  
Why don't you help with the huge students loan problem?  Hypocrite...
