What a load of horseshit.
That's nice. Now the whole world worries what Trump might do. Especially our allies. That's *much* better, right?
We are six months into president Trump worry about him
And America's biggest problem is the GOP. Country before party. Vote No on Trumpcare. Stop voter suppression.
calling it a hoax until 2 days ago. WTH is he doing about Russian aggression in our country?
Biggest problem for Trump as Commander in Chief:   * Trump profits off enemies.     *Trump alienates all of America's allies.
Read this is yer German make....
You are talking about Obama? Surely you have better things to do.
If I keep hearing Trump surrogates complain about Obama's handling of Russia, I'm going to lose my mind. Because WHAT HAVE THEY BEEN DOING?!
Pretty rich for them to complain about an Obama response to Russia helping them get and/or receive the offices they are in.
Yet we are ALL worried what @realDonaldTrump will do!
It's always easy after the fact to armchair wrestle decisions made. I want to know what's being done now. Trump has been
And EVERYONE'S worried what Trump might do.
Yes, better to trust in the lack of discipline and moral foundation. Unpredictability is not a virtue.
Now we only have to worry what trump might do
and what is trumps biggest problem? Too many to name -just pick one
Really? Obama? Keep focused. Job security is great. Right Lindsey? Big war chest and can always lobby. Politics are truly rewarding$$$$$$$$$
#STFU
Can we do Reagan next?  #greatuseoftime
And what is Trump doing about Russia? NOTHING and kissing their behinds. What are you going to do about this? I'm guessing NOTHING.
That remark wasn't fair. You are too good to make nonsensical statements like that.
At least we had a president who thoughtfully considered possible repercussions&who got Putin to cut off efforts.Wish this President thought
Do have a problem with a Russian Prez?  

Where did Hugo Chavez lead Venezuela?
[citation needed]
Bigger problem is the very real worry about what Trump might do. Scary as hell.
Obama didn't worry.  He kept informed, listened to advisers, and our enemies didn't know what he might do.
bet Bin ladin was worried
That's patently false and defamatory. You've joined the 35% of the nation that seems intent to celebrate the disparaging of intelligence.
You need to worry about what trump will do. I am and you represent me. I can't worry about yesterday's problems only tomorrows.
Yes that being GOP u are 100% right
@LindseyGrahamSC Everyone worries about what Trump will do enemies, friends, relatives...
Obama is gone. You were there then and here now. What are YOU doing?

You r my Senator don't get distracted keep following the money!! #TrumpRussia
Thank you Sen. Graham for expressing how a lot of us felt about Mr. Obama. Yeah, Mr. Trump can be dip, bless his heart, but Obama ... lordy.

he's no longer president, let it go @LindseyGrahamSC
At least he didn't need Russia to win an election.

@SenMajLdr dismissed @POTUS44 's intel!! Can only imagine your partisan reaction to his reveal?! Always party over people! Sad!
Interesting, no comment on the devastating healthcare. #VoteNo
Come on LG this sounds like a Trump tweet. Expect more of you.
We pay u to take care of us not to kill us. And that's what will happen if you get rid of Medicaid. Cut your salaries. Make a big difference
All ur money and u can't share 1%? You, those on the right don't even care about the sick and the elderly. I just don't get it.
We can see through you Lindsey. Another trumpf shill. Represent your people not the party.
What an incredibly idiotic thing to Tweet
obama not potus anymore time to worry about trump who tells truth 32% of time according to politifact.
Worry about the sitting president, fool
My biggest problem living in SC: Worried my representatives will vote for a health bill that will destroy all I have now.
Why do you need to constantly put Obama down? He was elected twice. He had huge support & love of American people.  Jealous?
Our ALLIES are worried about what our president might do. Our ENEMIES tell him what to do so they already know what to expect.
RU kidding me with this? Do what's right now and vote no on Trumpcare. You know I'm in the majority. Not everyone speaks up. Do your job!
Obama is over, can we talk about Trump!?
Some harsh words from the Death Party (Republicans). Instead of attacking do your job and vote no on Trumpcare - the wealthcare bill.
What has happened to you?
This is a dangerously simplistic view of something as complex as US foreign policy. (I'm one of your constituents... if that matters)
Forgetting history senator. Bush faked us to wars. Country needed a stable leader. Now the world worries about our leader. Hope you do too.
Biggest problem for Graham. He has done nothing to defend the USA from Russian hacking in the future. Putin loves Lindsey
Biggest problem for Republicans was a black man in the Whitehouse
Get over Obama
Shut up Lindsey
Speaking of healthcare, please vote no on Trumpcare.  Let's keep the ACA till we can replace it with something better.
But at least we weren't worried what our President was going to do.
BTW please open up your full voice mail! Many more South Carolinians want to leave messages for you to not vote on the new healthcare bill
You do know that Obama is not president anymore, right?
@VanJones68 @jaketapper  Biggest Problem with @POTUS 
. Trumps & Team in legal trouble 
. Mcconnell is in hot water. on the ACA
Biggest problem for DT as CIC: doesn't have clue about enemy & neither enemy or DT's team knows what he might do.
Obama didn't do enough. Now let's see what current Congress and Pres will do.
Why are you still talking about Obama? Time to move on, man. Focus on corralling our current embarrassment in chief.
now mention the things you liked the most about Obama, and how do they compare with the current administration.
And how did that work out for Bin Laden?
You do recall there was an election in November, right?  Pay attention to the @realDonaldTrump - he's @POTUS last I checked.
Biggest problem for our allies:

* What the fuck will that tiny-fingered, Cheeto-faced, ferret-wearing, shitgibbon do or say today?
will you put out a video like @ChrisMurphyCT explaining why you think it's a good bill for SC? It's bad.
It's funny Putin never punked Obama like he does you,potus and the gop and yes I used lower case because that's how I see you guys#wimps
And our allies can't guess what Trump might do
Enemies? The Obama administration took out Osama Bin Laden. Rather than criticize the former admin, worry about  the the current admin!
What did YOU do when you were given the info? Zip. Nada. Deal w/your own man baby in the WH.
you know I dont like you but I do agree with you. You are so correct. @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
YOUR biggest problem is that you seem poised to vote to kill thousands of people so as to give the rich tax breaks & become a #TrumpToady!
Just when I was beginning to think you were a stand up guy.  SHAME on you #LimpLindsey!
I thought that like me, you were an #EisenhowerRepublican. I was wrong.  You're just another political hack!
Nothing to say about @realdonaldtrump's  total lack of concern for future Russian attacks!
Time for you to resign, #LimpLindsey.  Move to Kay Street. The #FailingGOP will be history in 16 mos, 1 week, 5 days!
Dude, you need to move on and worry about the shit storm the orange buffoon is creating with his ignorance and concern for self only.
Why are you living in the past? Obama is GONE. Do your jobs and help the citizens instead of harming them with bad bills.
Biggest prob for Graham as Sen in SC: If you vote yes on AHCA you won't be able to get job washing dishes in 2020.
Lindsey Graham, not only did you drink the kool-aid,  I think you made it.  Trump is not good for the US &neither r u now.
Obama is not our POTUS. POTUS is deranged Trump.
40% of US children and 64% of elders in nursing homes depend on Medicaid. Vote NO.
Why aren't you worried about what Trump is doing NOW?!?  Quit slinging mud at Obama, he's gone.  This is a disaster and this is what you say
Shut up
True!
Stop worrying about Obama, he isn't POTUS. If you can't stop living in the past you won't fix the problems we have now
As a Dem, I hate to agree, but do. Very weak response and now a possible compromised President. Keep up good work. The country needs you.
You, McCain, McConnell, Ryan and Trump are in bed with the Enemy #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #GOPRussiaKompromat
Really Lindsay,I think you are a coward and a traitor
Are you proud of what you did for our country by electing and standing by this fool? Changing parties because not one of you has shown balls
I used to think you were smarter than this.
How about move on from that hate you have irrationally and focus on saving lives.That pic of the soldiers you have . . .
Gosh you're sad.  He ain't president now.  Your guy is.  The guy who hates all non-whites, non-republican, non-English speaking, go on?
Like with Trump, you now know what he might do. Come on Lindsey, just say you want him in office because you wish to exploit his issues
Why are you complaining about someone no longer in office?
Obama was predictable, he would bow to them and kiss their a$$
Now the WORLD worries what @potus might do and US citizens do too! Forget Obama, that life is over & we R in an autocracy! You participate!
What was the end result? What happened or is it just we're seen as weak? Now we're seen as a joke thanks to Trump.
Go see a doctor Lindsey... immediately! While YOU still have healthcare. Something is wrong with you. TRUMP is president NOT OBAMA.
Just when I think there's a Repub out there that cares more about the American people than party politics, you tweet something ridiculous.
Why are you harping on our previous President when you should be harping on the current one?
Now we all worry more about what the current idiot might do next. You & Trump fixate so much on Obama and HRC to deflect from your own mess
Biggest problem for Obama was Republican leadership mtg on his inauguration day making pact to sink anything he proposed.
Blah, Blah, Blah, WHAT ARE U DOING NOW TO PREVENT IT????? HYPOCRITS!!!!!!
Fair
However our biggest Enemy Russia owns Trump and that has NEVER happened before in the USA  
#ArrestTrump #CrushRussia
@GOP THE ONLY THING WORSE THAN THE #UnfitToLead  #FakePresident IS THE PATHETIC REPUBLICANS THAT ARE NOT SPEAKING UP #SAD
Stop looking in the rear view mirror, America has much bigger problems sitting in the White House right now.  Man up and do the right thing!
Obama's not prez anymore. Be VERY WORRIED about #trumpocalypse! Epic fail Congress.
So it's wrong to consider the outcome of ones actions, not to start a WW3 that will demolish the entire planet?? Okay...
Enemies are now Trumps besties. So I guess you are right since they collude to screw the country and you are right there with them.
Lol lol lol lol you think Russia is remotely worried about @realDonaldTrump ?Don't kid yourself, you both need to focus on the here and now
Get over Obama already! Move out of the past & concentrate! For Gods sake, wtf is going on? YOU are gutting poor people to help the wealthy.
I don't get your point. I don't get why you are making this point. Is this a joke? Is this relevant to what's going on with DJT?
Grow up. Put your country before your party and stand up to the guy who is letting Russia run it. Obama isn't in charge anymore.
Shame on you and the GOP! You should be putting your energy into preventing cyberterrorism. Stop pointing finger's and do something worthy.
So, you're saying "unhinged" is a desirable presidential quality?
Wrong! Pres. Obama acted with integrity in an attempt to not interfere with the election.  GOP MUST  BE COMMITTED TO INVESTIGATE RUSSIAGATE
Nyet.
Biggest problem for Trump not what our enemies might do, but what DOJ   is going to do.
so it's great that both our enemies *and* us now have to worry about what Trump might do, right!  #feelingwaybetternow
They're not exactly scared of 45, he is a tool.
Quite an inflammatory comment. Have proof? I certainly felt safer then...
And now nobody knows what Trump will do - not even Trump! At least Obama was thoughtful and knew that words from POTUS were serious
Basically remembering folks that better stick w GOP or another guy that doesn't look like them might get elected.
Oh that's precious, LindseyLoo. Trump fixed that for you?
Ask Mitch McConnell! The same holds true fo him! McConnell would have only worried if Clinton won! Found the whole thing hard to believe!
Biggest problem for GOP: Looking backward to blame Obama and HRC instead of looking at what is going on now down Pennsylvania Avenue.
The world is worried about what Trump will do!  U 2 Mr Graham and u know it! Y is it ok w/ u  he called Comey a liar when u know hes not
Comey must B feeling very betrayed U R"s did not fight 4 him, and hes right.  I hope they do the same to U bc ur just a plain old traitor
Y arent u demanding Trump to sanction Russia? They have proven he interfere. HOW DARE U NOT DEMAND HE PROTECT US! U R DISPICABLE!  HISTORY..
When are you gonna come out of the closet?
@LindseyGrahamSC go away
And now we are ALL worried, except you unfortunately. Obama is no longer in office. Do your job and stand up to Trump!
C'mon @LindseyGrahamSC, you're better than this. Get your mind off your agenda for a min and do what's best for this country. Trump is toxic
You're a BIG talker now! Does anyone in the Republican Party have a drop of INTEGRITY?
? Is this the most important thing to be discussing when healthcare has 7- days?
Delete your account
Because Obama wasn't waiting for another terrorist attack to happen, unlike the GOP that is encouraging it
Biggest problem for Obama as Command in Chief:
*Obama had to deal with assholes like @LindseyGrahamSC
...bigotry TRUMP(s) rational insight...
Frankly I'm far more concerned about what our enemies in the WH now have done and may do. Your concern is misplaced.
You must mean like TRUMP THE BLOWHARD. Backs down to Mexico, China, Russia. Any leader that stands up to the bully sends the cur running
Funny for the people in power doing nothing right NOW!!

Ex-Obama official: The same Republicans criticizing Obama for Russia response are stalling Russia sanctions http://hill.cm/uVc64sz  
Why are you so ungracious?  If you are the best the GOP has, no wonder no one wants to work with you.
Election is over!!! Move on and fix the damn problem. Otherwise you're nothing but a cheap political hypocrite.
Stop the blame game..be an American with morales and scruples first. You are sounding like a Trump puppet. Please be Lindsey again
Exactly what I think about you republicans. Can't trust a word you say and you are ok with killing millions of Americans with disabilities
You got it.
For the record I didn't worry about what Obama would do either. Now everyone including our allies worry what Trump's going to do.
Did think tank land come up with that Raytheon sales pitch?
Let's talk healthcare, shall we? (Nice try tho.)
It seems to me that you have real work to do , like saving our health care. In case no one told you Obama is no longer president.
Biggest problem for the current #FakePresident #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussia #AHCAKills #Treason #LiarInChief
