You seem a little shaken up Senator Graham..
I agree. Seemed out of breath & a little thrown back
He rushed off right after this saying he had to run. I thought Marco Rubio'a statement was weird too. Something changed in that meeting.
What did Rubio say ?
Okay. This my theory and I could be wrong. The investigation into trump-Russia is now a criminal investigation most like against Mr T.
Senate reprints were under the impression this was an investigation about espionage. Now its more. A seriuos criminal investigation aginst T
But seriously.. Comey testified weeks ago it was BOTH a counter-intelligence & criminal investigation In public view!
I'm just repeating what senators said today. Many of which were in the room when Comey said what you just did.
if there was actually any evidence at all the deep state would have already leaked it to the NY Times or Washington Posts already
Money Laundering/RICO investigations don't happen overnight!
Starting w/Obama, Hillary, Dems & traitors like Graham & McCain!
Yet law and order is after DT and the GOP.
No, the Dems & liberals are after Trump.
It's his own fault.
Wow first off who would name a man Lindsey  ? Pathetic ignorant I mean he probably pees like umm Lindsey.  so hope this SC learns smh
Hey. Lindsey Buckingham rocks.
I may not agree with @LindseyGrahamSC on many policies, but I respect him. Need more like him in Washington!
Ditto!  His townhall gave me a new respect for his sense of duty--I believe he is not part of the gop shenanigans-although staunchly gop.
He's doing damage control and trying to stifle a parallel Congressional investigation here.DOJ can't pursue poss oath of office violations.
Nope, totally disagree--Graham has integrity.  You might not like his politics but you can't challenge his integrity.  He is honorable.
When he confirmed DeVos his integrity took a mortal hit. Think back to this convo a year from now.
All those “Lindsey Graham is a moral guy” people must be eating crow right about now. He showed his true colors. They match Putin’s.
Actually I’ve been looking for a utensil big enough to get started on my crow pie—what the heck happened to this man?  So disappointed in his lack of honor and statesmanship!
I’m late responding but please don’t feel bad. I’ve volunteered for GOP campaigns from the time I was 18 and I remember what my first bites of crow tasted like...pro tip:tabasco sauce helps the taste.  Take care :)
Hopefully u will be investigated along with McCain for your 
Fake Trump dossier.
That's why he's so scared. Their collusion w/Dems 2 set Trump up will be exposed!
I think the president is Lawyering up.
Trump gets sued & investigated so often (because of his own actions), he has never NOT been lawyered up.
sorry but you just lied about our president shame on you

It's a FBI false Flag , the real News, that is not being covered is Seth Rich new story that he was actually leaking to WikiLeaks= deadman
Wow!  Where are the journos? Has Trump put a hold on the release of this info?
no one can speak out of both sides of his mouth better than lindsey graham - he's impressive.
#trumprussia #FBI #Mueller #TheResistance #p2
You are grasping at straws and of coarse our appointed attorney has been doing our American people a very good and thorough job and there is nothing your mob can do!
who was damaged, who was injured, who was destroyed, who was ruined, who was violated ?
By having closed hearings, would you have been closer to the truth! The only thing I see and hear from GOP..is bulls*****!
He sounds really disturbed.
Criminal Investigation! Graham, you seemed a little nervous to say the least! This has been prolonged by have open hearings.

You are sounding really scare !! Were you giving information to trump on you golf trips?Can you B investigated too? Did U got any Russian $$
Criminal investigation of who is trying 2 set Trump up. Graham & McCain will go down, too!
IMO American ppl pushed agenda 4a special prosecutor! @GOP preferred 2bury story as they R complicit! ThanksAmerica! #IllegitimatePresident
Oh please! Look at all the real scandals & crimes that were buried by Obama & Hillary!
Where has he been... Comey testified weeks ago it was BOTH a counter-intelligence & criminal  investigation lol
"I have reason to believe that there are emails between Clinton campaign officials" U really think the pressing issue now is BUT HER EMAILS?
Since we know about massive spying, yes. They have her 33,000 "lost" emails that prove her crimes.
Really? Please tell me what her crimes are that were detailed in those emails. Links, please. #corruption
SINCE WHEN IS COLLUSION WITH AN ALLY A CRIME? DID FDR COMMIT A CRIME ALIGNING WITH STALIN? NAZIS & ISIS DIRE COMMON ENEMIES
#LongLiveHamza
How long is this going to continue.throw orange menace out..imcpmpetent and criminal
What was that number again? 40% to 1% in your home state
@LindseyGrahamSC, what is the matter with you??  There is NO CRIME,  so therefore it can't be a 'Criminal Investigation'..DUH!
@POTUS #MAGA
I say this will full honesty. Nobody cares what  McCain, Graham nor CNN have to say.  3 Jokes looking for relevance.
He acknowledged this and now will go back to doing nothing about it. So much for tax-payer dollars being well spent.
What criminal violation is being investigated and who is the target?
American loser.    Heavy breathing Lindsey devil must be in you body.
It's both counter intelligence & criminal investigation. DJT can slide through cracks if it goes to Criminal investigation only.
Mr.T,You ticked off the wrong too many...These people still reference the Civil War.Did you think they would let your Yankee insults side?
Those who oppose Trump (especially Republican's) have the most to hide! We are ON to YOU buddy!!
Dear Mr. FAIRY BRITCHES,
Criminal investigation on what crime? Someone needs to investigate YOU!! I'm sure they will eventually.
As far as the American voters are concerned the criminals seem to be in the Senate and House! Term limits are our hope and prayer.
Keep speading the B S Senator milk toast
More RED Russian pixie dust from nervous Graham. #SethRich, Uranium, #Soros flipping votes, 30,000 emails & Russian pixie dust on his mind?
Of who?  Of what?  The leakers, the Dark State or the scared as rabbits DC elite?
Go for it, DEPLORABLE'S will fight for our elected POTUS!
Senator Graham sure loves a microphone, needs to just shut up.  Asked him to investigate Obama Israel elections interference, just ignored
Thank you Senator for explaining clearly/succinctly effect of appt of Spl Prosecutor. Ends political circus, begins serious investigation.
Obama watched Russia takeover soverign countries? agreed to flexibility/ election? said Russ no threat, laughed? Wake up
He is a criminal! Get all the Repubs to get him outta there! Impeach time Lindsey!
Go join the Dems and their fake witch hunt.6 COMMISSIONS investigating and NOTHING. No evidence of collusion
Our intelligence agencies have been renamed ,fabricating bureau investigation ,colluding intelligence agency ,nefarious scheming agency
Ur a crook -done nothing for citizens
@TGowdySC @jasoninthehouse @SenatorBurr @ConawayTX11  @TheJusticeDept @FBI
@TGowdySC @jasoninthehouse @SenatorBurr @ConawayTX11  @TheJusticeDept @FBI  NOW IS THE TIME ...
@TGowdySC @jasoninthehouse @SenatorBurr @ConawayTX11  @TheJusticeDept @FBI  Obama, Lynch, Clinton, Comey ...

http://nation.foxnews.com/2017/05/03/revealed-fbi-found-email-lynch-would-do-everything-she-could-protect-hillary-criminal …
@TGowdySC @jasoninthehouse @SenatorBurr @ConawayTX11  @TheJusticeDept @FBI  We demand investigations into CoverUp
@TGowdySC @jasoninthehouse @SenatorBurr @ConawayTX11  @TheJusticeDept @FBI
I and every single American are going to charge you with OBSTRUCTION of JUSTICE for not immediately IMPEACHING the President. I am in fear
@TGowdySC @jasoninthehouse @SenatorBurr @ConawayTX11  None of this is about Trump. Lynch, Clinton, Comey and Obama
@TGowdySC @jasoninthehouse @SenatorBurr @ConawayTX11  All these Investigations need to go back to Hillary, Lynch!
I have information showing Lynch DOJ in CoverUp for Clinton. That means Obama involved and Comey!
The GOP congress has been sidelined for 9 years!!
Congress subpoenaed Anthony Weiner's laptop. Please personally make sure it is handed over and not destroyed by HRC!
This statement abdicates your sworn responsibility "This pretty much shuts Congress down...You got a special counsel Now we’ll just move on"
I had high hopes for you and once again o am disappointed and disgusted.  Stay focused on Russia probe! Hillary? Really? Come on!
You didn't say that we should go back to looking at Hillary's emails, did you? If that's true, then shame on you! #Gaslighting
You suck @lindseygrahamsc - we the people support @POTUS DO your job and support him - Stop Schumer and these lying Democrats NOW
If you think this Mr. Graham,  why did you go on fox saying they need to drop it this morning?  LIAR and fraud! just like trump..grow a pair
Lindsey, sometimes you seem logical and then you turn around and say something absolutely bat-shit crazy. WHAT is up with that?
he's    crazy #GOPFollowsSatanNotJesus #GOPjesusTookFromPoorToGiveToTheRich #RussiaBuysGOPInBulk
How about, I have NO reason  to believe any of the allegations are true!
Yesssss!
Who considers it that?  Him.
But let's go after Hillary. You're the worst, LG
U shouldn't complain-u have bad mouthed Trump and everything Russia for months so u only have yourself to blame that it was removed from u.
You should be ashamed to call yourself a Republican! Out of touch, we support our President and you weak Republicans cave to Dems demands
Really? Reps dragged your feet on this Russia thing for months and backed DT because he put u in power. Treason's a crime get on with it
Weren't you just on fox saying we needed to drop this and go back to Hillary's emails? Decide what side u r on, democracy or party!
Don't cry now
GOP botched house com, under-staffed senate com, focused on leaks, & ignored many links to RUS. Incredible show of hypocrisy!
The GOP failed to protect the American people and worse the Constitution from Trump. You put him there. RESIGN.
A lot of brass ones for even suggesting it's a criminal investigation. The Globalists want to take Trump down by any means. This is a coup.
I hope they investigate everyone in Congress that enabled him too. BTW, why is Chaffetz running away so fast?  hummmm
Ass wipe!
IMPEACH IMMEDIATELY
Criminal? So they are including @DNC @HillaryClinton @johnpodesta in investigation!
Meanwhile back at the ranch, YOU are allowing this man to control our military, nuke codes, make travel bans, build walls, general mayhem!
History will honor those on the side of the US when all said and done- TRUTH.
Compared to the corruption of @BarackObama this is kitten news! The @GOP must start standing up to Dems or us Rep will do it! #WontBePretty
Did u find out that the whole GOP is under criminal investigation? Why so nervous?
You seem a bit unsettled. Why?
I think it was brave for Sen Graham to come out and answer questions like that. It helps to understand as I was a child w Nixon impeached
Oh yes it is
Congrats u going after a republican President. Yet u say CLINTON campaign colluded with DOJ and you do nothing. Once again congrats. Loser
@LindseyGrahamSC - I think you want to destroy the President.  Try being objective RINO, a.k.a. Swamp people.
@LindseyGrahamSC There is no crime except you always basking in the limelight.  Those who attack @POTUS will lose in the long run.
Wow, well done Senator Graham
Drain the swamp! He and McCain need to go. All the RINOS need to go!
Graham says " Man;; us GOPs are in DEEP CRAP .It has 2 be the Democrats fault some how some way"
