Joined by @LindseyGrahamSC, @AGAlanWilson, @RepJoeWilson & @HughWeathers for a #WOTUS roundtable in South Carolina. #StateActionTour 
I agree.  Asthma should be on the rise!  Go team cough!
Question: Will repealing #WOTUS allow to pollute drinking water with fertilizers and leave the costs of cleaning it to taxpayers?
Never in my life witnessed such unabashed conflict of interest and corruption in government.  You should be ashamed. Deeply ashamed.
In short:  make it easy for corporations (that pay your campaign bills) to contaminate shared essential resources (water).  Sick.
Actions today fail the common sense test! 

Where were the conservationists at this meeting?
I disagree. The US & the world cannot survive @EPAScottPruitt's "Billionaires & Corporations First" protectionism. We need unpoisoned water.
You could quite literally be the last person I'd come to for common sense - and that's in a world of TED CRUZ.
Clean water is not overreach, it states corporations can't pollute our water ways/watersheds or aquifers w/out consequences. Clean H2O 4 all
Many businesses depend on clean water and restoring streams and wetlands would lead to economic growth. #WOTUS is common sense.
Genuinely curious, but how is it overreach? Is #WOTUS not simply a clarification of the jurisdiction of the Clean Water Act?
You take clean air and water for granted until you don't have it
You appreciate him polluting your water?
Which environmental or scientific groups were present for this conversation? Do you believe in science?

eliminatingWOTUSisBADidea
Agri is important. Regs are critical to prevent pollution, protect environment for future generations. #WOTUS
If that's your opinion, then underreach -but Don't  sell out on policing abuse and pollution. We are counting on you all to have vision
You and your merry band of senators is the WORST for this country
I have an idea.  Why don't you go drink some water in Flint?
When are you going to say enough and defend the people?
https://youtu.be/ubQksxQ_t2U 
Hillary mofia how many have to die. Tell me sir how do you live  with your  self. GOD WILL JUDGE YOU, POWER AND GREED TRAITOR
Why are you against the US having clean non-toxic water??
GENX is the EPA coming to help southeastern NC. I live on the border of SC it's on it's way. Enjoy
I am thinking u confused WOTUS as being witch of the US aka POTUS that Mueller hunts. WOTUS=clean water.
An idiotic, self-serving statement (not to mention EPA Chief and administration).
You may not want clean air and water but I sure as hell do...and so do millions of others!!
Nonsense. It makes clear what other countries already know.  Clean water is precious.
Maybe Pruitt could vacation less and pay for his own trips home and stop flying home on tax payers dollars Let the Koch Brother pay
Bad waterSick peopleNo insuranceEarly death$$ saved for fed budget(Medicare)=republican 'fiscal responsibility'?
No. No. No. Pruitt is crazy and you are too if you agree with him. You should be listening to SC residents. We like our water clean.

https://twitter.com/imillhiser/status/889664780084137986 …
yes, it makes perfect sense to destroy our water. Thank goodness you don't care.
Endangering wetlands along SC coastline threatens our fishing & tourism industry, while threatening east coast. EPA must protect.
Pruitt is disgusting - so is the GOP bill - you know better Lindsey - you are going to go down in history for this awful bill if  it passes
Lindsay I am a Democrat but you are my favorite Republican.  Don't go on record with this guy Pruitt. He has Oklahoma a earthquake (1/2)
nightmare (2/2)
You must know toxic water can cause brain damage. Is that what you want? Plz protect water, assure its safety.
Scott Pruitt is the devil's helper. He is a really bad guy, believe me.
Absolute crap. All water is connected.  Please listen to those with expertise not just industry lobbyists. #pollutingpruitt #shame
Scott Pruitt represents the worst in destroying our environment and you appear to support this destruction.
Scott Pruitt who didn't have a clue as to what the EPA stands for? Come on Senator Graham - the dumbing down of DC is contagious!
So you're cool with poisoning our water AND taking away our healthcare. Awesome. Why so much hate?? #VoteNo #ProtectOurCare #SaveACA
Reminds me that Scott hates the epa and has tried to sue them multiple time which makes it idiotic that he leads that department
Something like #anyonebutlindseygrahamforsenate
Would someone with more Twitter ability tag this and other idiotic Sen. graham posts so that come his reelection we can easily recall them?
Why are you trying to kill us?
Please sir a I beg you, do not support the healthcare bill tomorrow. Please
Shame onyou and @EPAScottPruitt for refusing to protect one of our most precious resources. Want to come swim in the Reedy River? Me niether
That is a large group of old white guys you got there, Senator.
Lindsey, Mr all talk, no action. I expected more from you. You too are a TRAITOR.
Greed of the wealthy and corporations also killing healthcare and Republicans don't care!
Shame on you. Constituents deserve clean water & air. You are an enabler of corporate greed.
You do know we only have one Earth!  We have no where to go to get clean air and water once it is ruined. Regulations protect our health.
We wouldn't want big corporations to respect clean water rules. Just too much $ for them. Have at us.
Thought you were smarter than this...
Do the right thing, senator
Cannabis is the most medicinal plant in the world. Prohibition is a political scam on the people. Hemp has 50k uses. Hemp houses are better!
Do you ever actually listen to CITIZENS? You know-the ones you're supposed to represent. Or just companies that want free rein to pollute?
Pruitt was appointed to deconstruct the EPA....don't enable him.  Shame on you!  You know SC relies on its pristine coastline.
He needs to understand that SC is reliant on tourism...without our clean beaches/Lowcountry, we'd be just like MS or AL.
I support clean water regulation! #ClimateChangeIsReal
May your lakes, rivers, streams and air reflect your sad thinking.
He's stopping by to throw a few barrels of oil into your rivers.
Wow another great roundtable of rich,old white guys discussing stuff. What a breakthrough!!
Seriously, Senator Graham??
Yes!  Then all of American can have ground water as contaminated as we have here in OK!  Wait till you see what he'll do for lakes & seas!
I dare you to drink water from a well or stream that loses the protection of this bill....
How much longer will ALEC and it's donors drive our legislation?
@EPAScottPruitt will take us back to the dark ages of poison water and polluted skies. So sad South Carolina approves.
No, wrong, it is on target! Please pay attention!
A vote to repeal is a vote to retire
Try again. You just failed the common sense test.
If you are against this disgraceful rape of OUR lands, check this site often & comment:
Go back to DC and pass a Health Care Bill you guys are a joke.. Shame on the @SenateGOP
Will you discuss Pruitts tieds to Fossil Fuel industry and the $$ he receives? He has worked for their interest (not ours) against EPA
Requesting an update on the meeting. In fact, a transcription of the meeting would be even better. Transparency, you know.
I think you meant #POTUS.
With all due respect @LindseyGrahamSC, having highest standards for clean waterways of all size is a health issue to citizens
Pruitt is a climate change denier and wants to harm our environment and again u r complicit. If u dont see change in envirment then ur blind
He's a weasel and schill for dirty energy. Oh ya, and dirty water.
One would think excellent environ stewardship a must for conservatives, yet they always seem to side with big polluters. Socialized losses.
Why are polluters allowed pollute and impact clean waters? Why is the public responsible for a company who can't provide products safely?
If a company cannot make a product safely and handle their own waste, should they be allowed to produce said product. Seems straightforward.
The pollution stream begins with the producer not the consumer. These rules protect the public. We need cradle to grave approach.

ICE is becoming so brutal under Trump that an agent went public with concerns to New Yorker. http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/a-veteran-ice-agent-disillusioned-with-the-trump-era-speaks-out … 
I remember my mother turning blue. Before EPA 2 or 3 trips to ER per year. After EPA a trip every 2 years or so. We lived on James Island.
Pruitt is an abomination. The things this admin are doing to our environmental regulations should never be allowed. Shame on you.
heaven forbid we have clean water to drink.
Sir please stand up against this mystery death bill. This isn't how we govern in the USA. Stand up for SC and the USA constitution
I'd really like to get some details on how this important issue will be addressed.  If not #WOTUS then how?  Again, details please!
Every  business or agency,  private or government should periodically evaluate their effectiness. This is not that. This is dismantling EPA
Was @scdhec represented in this meeting? Environmental regulations protect SC and are not government overreach.
Scott Pruitt is a sociopath. STOP. Now. Your party is turning America into a worldwide laughingstock
WOTUS regs: if you dump toxic crap into a stream that runs into a major body of water you are held accountable. Seems common sense to me!
1) Depends on who defines what a major body of water. Does it include the tributary system to drains in the "major" body of water
Wrong side of history Lindsey

We believe government should work for you & for the millions of hard working Americans who just need #ABetterDeal. Here's our plan: 
*I lost the original source of this tweet, sry.*
Better yet vote Trump out in 2020.
Serious question. Jr had email saying Russia wanted to help dad so why did Trump keep saying a fat guy on his couch could've meddled? 

Reminder: EPA regulations MATTER. Clean air MATTERS 
Who wants clean water? Lindsey Graham you are as much a snake as every other GOP bullshitter.

We are ready to improve the healthcare system at any time. But we are not willing to throw tens of millions off their care to fund tax cuts. 
So corrupt

Clean water?! We don't need no stinkin' clean water

Proud to join Democratic & Republican governors from across the country to call for a new, bipartisan approach to fix our healthcare system. 

Joe Manchin's message to GOP senators: "Let’s get together" on health care
https://bloom.bg/2tbPSaW  

When GOP rejects false choice of repeal only or #Trumpcare on steroids, we are ready to work on bipartisan solutions that help all Americans
The EPA under Trump is totally cool with letting 62 million Trump supporters drink unprotected water.

Schumer doubles down on his earlier calls for a bipartisan health care plan 
 
Why not elect people who have experience with #Geology to a #BrandNewCongress in #2018 do we can ACTUALLY deal with complex issues
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/889165601800769537 …

A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  

Majorities across parties say GOP/President Trump are responsible for any #ACA problems going forward
http://kaiserf.am/2tzk7g1  

Six different versions of the GOP health care bill have been scored by @USCBO. Every single one would do great harm to millions of families. 

Eight years ago today, right now: Obama was wrapping another town hall where he took questions on his health plan. 
Would love to hear some actual examples of who this was hurting and how.

https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2017-07-20/senate-s-revised-health-bill-would-boost-uninsured-by-22-million … 
Do you even know how #Groundwater works? Literally ALL water that hits the ground ends up in the ocean and everywhere inbetween #WOTUS
Maybe he can tell us how to further rape our land--aside from dumping all the coal ash that our president just authorized into our water.
@LindseyGrahamSC You're a joke. We've got your overreach
WOTUS??

THE WORLD IS WATCHING! YOU ARE FAILING YOUR CONSTITUENTS, @senrobportman !

@NOFAindivisible , @maddow…

http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/07/trump-administration-used-public-funds-to-sabotage-obamacare.html … 
