If your plan is so good, you and the rest of Congress take it. Leave the rest of us alone. You and yours and not special.
You mean the guy that oversaw the destruction of our economy? Not a good endorsement. #fedfail
I have to agree with many of your responders, shame on you.  #healthcare4therich, #YouShouldKnowBetter, #disappointed
Stop the madness and impeach Trump!
Because he's rich?
Yes, we all know that Alan  Greenspan caused the biggest economic recession in 2008 - so we should listen to him?
Excellent... more advice from the already insured 1% #shameonyou
What is the CBO score? Surely, you wouldn't pass a healthcare bill without it?
Let’s get current Federal Reserve Chairwoman #JanetYellen her opinion better yet let’s get a #CBO score!
Will you stand by your statement that any vote before a #CBO score is suspicious? Or are you a hypocrite? Should we be suspicious of you?

So. What about the millions of Americans who won't be able to afford healthcare? Do they like it? Do you even care? #resist #democrats2018
Greenspan?? Wrong side of history again Lindsey. Guess next you'll hope for a good old-fashion war. Your dreams might come true.
U will destroy Medicaid funding for my special needs daughter.  How can u live with yourself?
Doesn't matter. Doesn't make it good. Or ethical. Or right.
EVETY MEDICAL ORGANIZATION THINKS IT'S A HORROR
I hope this passes because then America will understand why we need Medicare for all. Graham wants his name in history. God help us.
Of course he would, he's a joke, and anyone that knows anything about economics knows that.
You're talking about the same Alan Greenspan that helped get us into the 2008 financial meltdown?!!

#GreatReads: The staggering hypocrisy of Bill Cassidy and Lindsey Graham: http://bit.ly/2xkjGXg  @mattyglesias 
I was just starting to respect you. Now we are back to zero! Where is your compassion? #fixobamacare
Alan Greenspan is no judge. He almost ran the country aground, or have you forgotten?
As someone with a serious pre ex that I get very expensive treatment for, losing coverage probably = death. No hyperbole. To poor to live?
His wife needs to divorce him
 He's senile n out of touch
After reading the whole thing I believe you are back on Trump Punch. Only way to explain, he doesn't care about you.
ICYMI 

Alan Greenspan supported policies resulting in the near collapse of the American economy.
*world
He also supported borrowing from the social security trust fund to save Reagan!
History will not look kindly on you and your collaborators
you are working towards the accelerated deaths of your fellow Americans, & your legacy will be monstrous. repent.
Alan Greenspan? Really?  Why don't you ask someone who isn't filthy rich; someone who needs your help. I'm disgusted!
Well that ought to be a warning
Why not look to the experts on healthcare? http://newsroom.heart.org/news/sixteen-patient-and-provider-groups-oppose-grahamcassidy-bill …
No surprise. He has such a wonderful track record.
Who told you that one? Vlad Putin? Jeesus you can lie with a straight face/ Glad to see you ass hit the door/ Southern fried LIAR in chief
What a slap in the face to the American people.
I'll support your bill when it requires that you and your cronies have the same healthcare options as the rest of us.
That's a good reason for me not to support it. He got most things wrong as history had shown.
Greenspan has oodles of money and a platinum plan for http://life.Talk  to people who depend on the ACA or Medicaid for healthcare
GOP is causing uncertainty and that's not helping.
Money talks. The rich get richer.
How about kick congress off medical coverage first, then take it from there

So you have the support of a super-rich private citizen while ignoring health policy orgs, doctors, and constituents.
He's the one who didn't see the housing bubble that almost ruined us, right?  I trust his judgment...sarc
ICYMI: this is the same Greenspan who mistakenly believed that the banks would self regulate to protect shareholders. How'd that work out?

ICYMI: This is the same Greenspan who rejected notion that the housing boom was an inevitable bubble that would eventually burst.
ICYMI 

GOP is the EPITOME of evil personified.
Wow. Former Red Reserve chair supports your bill @LindseyGrahamSC Good thing he is NOT a doctor and not a patient.
Single Payer. Like EVERY OTHER INDUSTRIALIZED NATION!
Shame on you, Lindsey Your GOP relishes the thought of stripping healthcare from millions of Americans. It will be your undoing if it passes
Ok. And? Your point
Democraps love it.
Now we know it sucks!! Greenspan rode the Tech bubble right to the ground!! Along with slick Willie!! #AmericaFirst
Um... that doesn't help you
Isn't he the one who made such a colosal mistake predicting the US economy?
we don't want your state rationed Healthcare!!! Just lower the premiums moron!
Doesn't matter ... you previously voted for #fullrepeal
Shame on you. If karma is real, you and your cohorts will get leprosy and the only treatment available will be rock salt and lemon juice.
But your constituents don't. So who cares! Listen to us!!!!
What's the CBO Score
Of course, he is rich. Ask if Joe Public likes it. If this goes through, I am never voting Republican.
I don't. Fix Obamacare & stop undermining it
But your constituents do NOT, Senator.  Your last term, sir
Greenspan is the major architect of the nation's shameful inequality
This plan is horrible and shows the true character of all who vote for it. I will be coming to you to pay for my healthcare if this comes to
Trey Ward, small business owner who insures his family through the exchange does not!
America does not support this.
I vote no!
But your constituents don't!
Oh, that Alan Greenspan. The guy who brought us the Great Recession. No thank you!
you are a disgrace
At 92, there's reason to question his mental abilities.
Screw you Graham. Stop trying to screw us. We see thru you.
**SENATOR FOR SALE**

Price: @SenateMajLdr job

Buyer: Trump

Yep, Trump bought Lindsey w/ promise of Mitch's job #resist #impeachTrump
Your plan does nothing to curb annual increase in the cost of premiums. Average Was 12% before ACA. Will your bill fund the annual increases
Greenspan who left the financial crisis of 2008 in the wake of his disastrous chairmanship.
Desperate for support? The election is over, people do not want 32 million of us to be without healthcare.
Does the block grant cover & include increases in premiums annually/rate of inflation? If not 5 yrs from now ppl/states may pay 50% of cost
ICYMI, @LindseyGrahamSC, the majority of Americans don't.
And your point?
How about patient advocates?
So get your good friend John McCain to stop stabbing you in the back.
DO NOT REPLACE ACA!!!!!!!!!!!
Bill is immoral--hurts vulnerable people & plays politics by taking $ from states that expanded Medicaid & gives it to those who didn't.
So what! Why would this make me feel better about your horrible plan?
Stop wasting our money Fix the PPACA.  Or Single Payer. We the people deserve so much more than any of you can possibly do.
What part of "irrational exuberance in the stock market" are you guys forgetting?  The "herd" caused that chaos.
Of course he does, he's a millionaire.
The High Priest of deregulation supports your bill? And that is a positive? Man, are YOU out of touch!
The guy who didnt see the great recession coming likes ur repeal and dont replace w anything plan? Does BAT SHIT CRAZY EVER STOP LINDSEY?
This is not a good sign. Greenspan took us into the great recession by denying the corrupt actions of banks. What's the CBO saying?
For God's sake. Do people realize pre-existing can be anything from an ear infection on up?? Try paying 100% out pocket for something.
Big surprise since he was an Ayn Rand lap dog! Real people who need healthcare DO NOT support this horrific bill!
Nobody wants this
Healthcare for everyone. That's what the wealthiest nation should provide.
He's wealthy and not dependent upon private health insurance, or Medicaid why wouldn't he?
Yeah. He initially supported the Bush tax cuts. Then he didn't.
And, yet, we still don't want it.
He also thought mortgage-backed securities were the cat's pajamas.
He likes the block grant concept, not sure if he buys into everything.
Ask Greenspan about his part in the 2008 housing collapse!
After the Nazi's lost the war, white supremacists still think the world should eradicate the Jews. DOESN'T MEAN IT SHOULD HAPPEN!!!
That's questionable. Where is the proof that he supports kicking people off their insurance?
Oh really? The same Alan Greenspan that helped deliver the Great Recession in 2008 with bad economic policy at the Fed? NO THANKS!
What a bs plan!
He is senile#.
Shame on you.
You mean this guy?
A guy who co-authored books with Ayn Rand? Who'da thunk it?!
I don"t and neither should you.
Oh, the millionaire that's got one foot in the grave doesn't give a fuck about my MS or my 2 yr old's congenital heart defect? Shocking!
Then you give up your top of the line healthcare Let The Mercers pay your healthcare Seem fair since you have became there mouth piece
Resist

Your "Block, cap, and kill" bill will increase mortality in unprotected dev disabled adults in order to cut taxes for the wealthy.
@BillCassidy Has forgotten oath to do no harm. Graham-Cassidy bill will hurt millions. Targets kids, PED, vets, & elderly. War on vulnerable
I challenge you to find any Professional medical groups or patient advocacy group who support your CRUEL bill.
Everyone remember Mr. Greenspan's role in 2008 financial crisis?
Obamacare light. No repeal here.
#GCHJ
Again, MAJORITY of Americans want ACA. You and your little clique don't care if people with PED, kids, and elderly covered.
you're an awful human being - this bill will be the cause of death of millions of people
screwing the poor again.. nice job.. we will remember in 2018
Booo
Govt FOR the people, BY the people & WE the people do not approve.
Shame on you both.
That is a very weak endorsement. This man is no expert on healthcare, only on making money. What ur saying is people's lives have a $$ value
Mr Graham. This bill is cruel and shameful. You must know this. You just don't care about the working poor. Shame on you..
That's hardly a good thing.
