You didn't doubt his integrity when he said his only issue with the Klan is they smoke pot?
He has as much "integrity" as Strom Thurmond had
And now the POTUS that selected him to be AG is busting his ass to DESTROY the mans career. CLASSY!
Integrity?? Fair play?? Jeezus, Lindsey Graham!! 
You are as brainwashed as the rest of the GOP!!!
No, he's not. He knows what's up and he is one of the best at selling the snake oil brainwash with seeming sincerity. Purposely deceitful!
I used to have great faith in him. But, it has faded into nothing. Too many votes for party rather than country.
I will say, he is one of the best I have ever seen. He is somewhat convincing. Maybe once had a heart, but traded it in for Koch money!
To be clear ... I once had respect for Graham. Never one ounce for Sessions. He is, and always has been, a demon from hell.
Graham obviously feels empathy for others, even though he traded his soul for the highest bidder. Sessions was hatefilled from the start!
Sessions seems to be a true believer in white male supremacy and entitlement as a birthright. A demonic elf to be sure.
you go home now bye bye
Other than when he lied to the senate? Or no?
Hey lindsey great idea change parties. We in S.C. are going to support what ever Republican opposes u into the primary i will see to it.
Racism and voter suppression are not fair play. He also lied to Congress.
Ugh. Except when he lies?! Lindsey.
He literally lied in his confirmation hearings. Wtf
Jeff Sessions is a good man. President Trump needs to praise him, not belittle him.
Slimy Swamp Snake, Many American's have  doubted your integrity and your sense of fair play. Why aren't you a Dim? You talk too much!
I vigorously disagree w/ @LindseyGrahamSC. Today I applaud the @POTUS slap down on his pathetic behavior toward @jeffsessions who sucks too!
He believed in Fairplay a lady would be facing a year of jail for laughing at him
I"d would like to add his competence to that list.
You never were turned away from voting after doing so for forty years
Really even when he said the kkk were good guys...really.....never covers a lot of ground
So true. I'm glad to see at least one Senator speaking out on Mr. Sessions behalf.
I'm bored to tears by the GOP's sense of outrage over the behavior exhibited by this current admin.
GOP swap monsters just more progressives.
Exactly who has claimed doubt about US AG Sessions sense of fair play, belief in rule of law?! No one! Stop pushing YOUR "feelings" into it!
He became USELESS to POTUS when he recused himself for no reason. He needs to step down so POTUS has real ATTY Genl stop RUSSIA BS HOAX
But what about his racism?
Well..come on now Lindsey, of course you feel that way...you ARE a white man...
How about his blatant racism?
If Sessions could only look into a crystal ball & see the immigrant who will be caring for him with compassion in the nursing home
Well, he's a racist for sure...so I'm not sure integrity is something I'd credit him with.
Unless you are a minority....
Well I think you need to start
Play?!? Is your job in the Senate play?!?
I just threw up in my mouth a little. Jeff Sessions is a bigot don't try to sell people of color on him.
His integrity was in question when he supported Trump the way he did from the beginning.
You're a hypocrite because you're afraid of losing your seat because of the mental person in the Oval Office
A Constitutional convention is in the works. We will get all the criminals out of the WH & make laws to curb when a party gets out of hand.
Ha, please spare me.
Then you weren't paying attention. This good ol boy team of aged men need to go & retirement age & term limits put in place.States will fix.
And yet U still can't grow a pair & stop trump from the vile things he's doing. Ur strong on twitter, but a coward when it matters. #ManUp!
Investigate Billary, Lynch, Holder, Powers, Obama, Rice, Brennan etc.. They're guilty as shit. We get it. You all r soft on Dems...
I have and do doubt Ted Sessions integrity and especially his sense of fair play. Even more I believe he's a raciest ahole.
Yes,you disagree with Sessions,because he believes in the rule of law,you believe in amnesty.Take your amnesty and shove it! No vote for YOU
HAS NOTHING to do with him TURNING the Justice Dept over to DEMS and HILLARY SUPPORTERS! He needs to step down!
Ok, then you are not paying attention.
So it's fair play to take people's possessions without even charging them with a crime? Is this the man that you're worshiping right now?
Integrity? He straight faced LIED to congress about his meetings with Russians. He's a traitor, just like dear leader.
why would you go public with this incredible admission of your poor judgement?  The man is a disgrace to the ideals of GW, TJ, T Paine etc..
You should have.
Support impeachment now if you really care about the survival of our Republic. Thanks.
Fair play?? That idiot continues to falsely trash marijuana - his stock in private prisons is the only values he has. Do you own stock,too?
How about him being a racist pig?  How about lying to Congress?  How about COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY Senator????????
He has a yuge stake in private prisons and advocates more prisoners and immigration detainees going to private prisons. Fair play for him
Racism has integrity and fair play?
Never once!!!!!!! Until you jumped on the recusal boat. Graham you are a liar.
Fair play from the man who wants to take property from people who have been arrested but not had due process? What's fair about it?
Who cares your not his boss 
Remember you couldn't. Get
%1 you know dam well he turned
His back on TRUMP he should
Never have taken the job
So you don't care that he lied to Franken under oath and won't be asking if the latest is true about Kislyak, hmm.
It might be time you look at him with the eyes of Americans, we see what he is! Why can't you?
You're ok with him "not recalling " anything at all pertinent to his testimony at the hearing a few weeks ago? Thought you had integrity?
Did you not see his confirmation hearing?
INtegrity has nothing to do with it. He is allowing your criminal friends Hillary and Bill to get away with "murder."
Destruction of gov property, 30,000 emails destroyed, uranium to Russia, bleach bit, cell ph smashed, Clinton found $145m donation time MrAg
I agree.   It's a shame what is being done to him.
Agree.
@SenateMajLdr @SenatorBurr GOP will pay in midterm elections for treasonous by signing onto Russian nonsense! You must be defeated!
@SpeakerRyan @GOP  will pay for your treasonous by signing on to Russian witch hunt! #1 target is you and your leadership team!
I do and he will be fired! GOP signed onto Russian nonsense! Midterm elections you in GOP will pay for your treasonous activities!
The talk Trump had with PUtin for an hour was Trump asking for help with Mueller.That includes sacrificing Sessions.
Well, for Trump loyalty is a one way street. It's hilarious that, now,McCain is a hero because he's doing what Trump wants, not for his svc
What, no acknowledgment of racism or racist outcomes?
Really? Not even while he was lying his way through his confirmation hearing?
... unless you are poor or black
Why stand w @jeffsessions on his war on #medicalcannabis ? This #warondrugs is nothing but a waste. I thought R stood 4 limited government?
Hope you enjoyed your time. Time to vote you out.
You destroy your own credibility with this statement. Be a hero..not a zero
I have!
Because both of you like to play both sides...sounds fair to me.
Then you are no judge of character, sir
Fair play? Tell that to the millions of African Americans that he has done in
I have doubted it, but I would take him over Trump any day.
Headline: Lindsay Graham supports lying by Jeff Sessions.
So are you going to back him up when Donald goes after him ?
You are allowing the president to shred our constitution and rule of law, to keep a few ignorant votes. You are pathetic. #VoteThemOut
Please stand for most vulnerable Americans. Vote no on health care bill.
Time to reassess.
Even if they have broken every law in the land the President should let them slide ?? I dont think so...
And when 45 fires him how will you respond
He lied
He has no integrity or sense of fair play. He perjured himself. He has blocked people from voting because they are black.
tuuuhhhh
But you got no problem voting to take away health insurance from millions.
We doubt his integrity.  And we also now doubt yours.
Not even his redial prejudice?
More importantly WTF are you going to do about it? Are you finally going to stop this buffoon? #TrumpCrimeFamily #ImpeachTrumpNow
#sessions whether you vigorously disagree, stop Trump from firing Mueller. America are shocked by little intrst shwn by WH. History! History
@LindseyGrahamSC tell sessions 2grow a spine when it counts. He easily abuses blacks; where are his balls now that trump is bullying him?
Sessions perjured himself, it's not integrity. Trump has no room 2 criticize him publicly. Our children R watching. What R they learning?
He's a white supremacist
Maybe you should. There is a fishy smell in White House these days and your all wearing nose plugs instead of throwing them out
So u stand and do nothing to support the person being bullied? My children have a better sense of right/wrong/action than you. Do something!
AG honorable man. OPEN investigations into Clinton Foundation
He has apparently lied to you during his confirmation hearing, possibly more than once. That is not integrity.
Are you speaking from a Southern "gentleman"'s perspective ? #movebeyondcronyism

Ms. Lindsey, I only take advice on other people's integrity from people who have integrity. You and your GOP death squad have none.
Maybe you should start. Your own integrity is questionable due to your support for Trump policies & history of nonsensical opp to Obama.
Strongly, respectfully disagree. Innocent till proven otherwise, but we must impartially assess Sessions' many, many lies re Russia contacts
He was just found out (again) to have lied about Russia. Are you ALL talk, or is there still a shrivel of integrity left in YOU, Sen Graham?
Nobody does, including POTUS. It is the recusal issue, refusal to go after real crime; leaking, unmasking etc...
"Fair play"?  Is this a game to you?  Grow up.
Trump wants Sessions gone to get rid of Mueller the writing is on the wall for the republican leadership
COWARD
Right mow he seem to be acting more like a senator & not an AG.
It's not a question of integrity, it's a question of Special Counsel. It's out of control and never should have happened. Sessions fault!
Sessions and integrity in the same sentence? Was that before or after the perjury?
Is that why he endorsed a candidate devoid of either?
Your words are meaningless when you continue to support Trump's agenda. For the party that shouts about the Constitution but won't defend it
3) translation - his discrimination never really impacts me, tho i will use opportunities to grandstand .
How far is Trump supposed to let Sessions go?  Til the ship is on the bottom of the ocean?
Is there nothing u can say to help our Prez?EVER?
Sessions lied, that's all that matter to me
Why is Lindsey still talking? You're irrelevant dude. #lockherup
What?? Your losing it Lyndsey. You r praising a traitor who sold his soul to trump
Even when he met with the Russian Ambassador?
brave of you to tweet your support, Sir
He perjured himself in front of you.
@LindseyGrahamSC  how could you leave out the possibility that in an investigation they may find what there looking for?
Seems like you became acquainted with him after his campaign against voting rights in Alabama.
Are any of you Republicans not compromised?
Any??????
Why don't you get to work
What have you done in the last 29 years for this country 
Tax reform & HEALTHCARE
YOU NEED TO BE VOTED OUT
I think you should temper your third party endorsement lest Seasons ends up in the midst of a scandal.
So get rid of @realDonaldTrump be4 Sessions leaves. Will @GOP sacrifice Sessions 4 Trump?
A special prosecutor& aTeam of 14 hillary supporting sharks?Investigation what? Based on what evidence?On a sitting elected President?Hello?
And of the treason from WH? You appear to allow and enable it. Sad for all of U.S.
You are a traitor like the whole godless, immoral and unethical gop. Everything you say is a lie.
Even after he lied to congress under oath?
What's fair about asset forfeiture?
What?! He perjured himself. What has happened to you?! He lied to us and you, was not vetted and is a vile bigot. Please recall your morals.
How is it that Trump is chastising Sessions for doing the right thing in recusing himself.
#tooracisttobeajudge
Jeff Sessions is complicit.
He's a liar.
#TrumpRussia
Gotta ask how does this vote on bill we can't see beforehand square with your sense of "fair play" senator? Bring back to regular order.
You been getting into that "moonshine" boy? Your brain acting, "broke"! Better get it checked out like your buddy McCain before surgery!
He's a RACIST!!!
What about him lying about meeting with and talking sanctions and policy with the Russians. That's your idea of integrity?!?
We will see he needs to start acting tough!
Are you NUTS?
A racist Perjuror is literally the opposite of integrity.
This isn't about that, this is about him not willing to get tough when he needs to.  Leaving Trump exposed to snakes who have no scruples.
Fair play? For white men only!
Do you doubt he is a racist POS? I dont.
Probably should have started doubting his integrity when he lied repeatedly to congressional committee about his meetings with Russians.
Graham, he lied under oath multiple times. Mrs. King wrote a letter about him. There are plenty of reasons to doubt both.
Well, your opinion of the AG notwithstanding, @potus is proving again (everyday) why he is unfit for the job.
Does fair play include conspiring with Kislyak to destroy our democracy ?
Can you say the same of the president?
Well, Lindsey, hope that shit works out for you better than running for POTUS. You instincts need some work. As evidenced by....
Time for Congress to stand up to this Banana Republic operation in the WH.Not a Sessions fan trump has gone bonkers 2 try & stop Mr. Mueller
Do u doubt Trump's sense of integrity & fair play?  If 2 Republicns were to spk out about his autocratic behavior, we could save our republc
Fair play - Hilarious.  He has that old, white man integrity, that is fair to old white men only.
Trumps not doubting his integrity either ! You have to have some guts to play in the swamp
If that's true then you are a very bad judge of character.
Dude, get a grip.
I totally am opposed to Session's policies, but trashing our top law enforcement official and pressuring him to resign is just WRONG!
#CorruptGOP #TrumpRussia #SessionsLied #Perjury #KushnerColluded #MuellerTime #TrumpCrimeFamily #CountryOverParty #TrumpcareKills #VoteNo
He's a proven racist and, it's looking more and more, a perjurer. Hardly fitting for his position as AG.
Just like you spoke highly of Comey?!
Time to start Senator. He is obviously not the "man" you give him credit for being. He is a perjurer, liar & undermining the constitution!
He is furthermore totally complicit in everything wrong about Trump presidency. He is a co-conspirator, dishonest, untrustworthy and unfit.
You could say the exact same thing about Lindsey Graham. His unyielding support of Trump, Sessions, Ryan, and McConnell prove it.
100% Agree. fwiw, Graham does have some centrist moments. not very often. Liking the idea of terms limits more every day.
So AGAIN Lindsey, what are you going to do about Trump?  Nothing as usual
No body doubts his integrity, lack of action is the critical item on many issues, You I have doubts about, TV hero...do something
If obama was doing this crap you'd be impeaching him now! I left the GOP because you guys are letting him do this. He's not GOP!
What abt how *45 insulted ur friend @SenJohnMcCain ? And u wld consider voting for anything he wants?
Sir, with respect to you, then you haven't been paying attention. He's ALWAYS been racist and useless.
Stop whining and DO YOUR JOB! Repeal OCare and get behind @realDonaldTrump & OUR agenda!
Integrity or sense of fair play 
Good for you
Yeah, well someone got to him and made him recuse himself.  Pushing Asset Forfeiture, while ignoring Crooked Hillary, Comey, and Muehler...

Because your just as morally and ethically corrupt or just blind?
#Integrity is what we are all seeking, especially now.
I would have thought more of your character, sir, then to back someone who is a bigot by nature.  His history speaks for itself.
What about all the lying?! #lies #TrumpRussia
If you think Sessions has any integrity, you clearly don't know it when you see it & have none yourself.
Looking forward to seeing you do not a a damn thing but express "concern" about it.
Trump has to go and you know it. Please!
He's a bigot. Unfit to represent America.

I would expect you to place country over party, but I guess not Lindsey.
