Why aren't we even talking about using the missile defense system. I've a feeling it doesn't work
Have u been to your local Walmart recently?
Well, Walmart stock says otherwise. Buying Chinese junk is the last refuge of American fading middle class.
so are you and your boss, Beauregard #inners
I would say that's the fault of the United Nations.
Perfect. Spoken from the biggest paper tiger. Ur alligator mouth continues to overcome ur canary ass.
Are you saying that we should drop diplomatic attention to the NK crisis?Are u a veteran;do you know what will happen w/war
GOP's now a disgrace&party should b split 2 allow rational,intelligent&independent ppl 2 form a better party 4 US
The UN is not our ruler as they attempt to do around the world, Lindsey girl, they are the new world order, NIMBY.
Are some Congress ppl who want war totally ignorant of its consequences?DJT's incompetent&war is what Russia wants 4 the US
Well let's just start another war then.
We don't need a war with North Korea. I hope you are not suggesting war is the solution.
If Graham is siding with war then he is a fool following our foolish president!
just like potus, your republican crony so phony its laughable when will u republicans wake up & Impeach this worthless yellow bellied coward
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump How about you elected reps of the people reign in the dictatorial despot trying to ruin our country!!
You need to show more loyalty to our #POTUS !!!!! We the people hired you and we are going to see you fired!!! #RINO
Better than nothing, some day UN resolutions might grow teeth. At a minimum they are pronouncement of what most believe is right and wrong.
Again, countries with most skin in game (immediate neighbors) need to to decide.  You and unfit @POTUS are making it worse.
You mean like you Graham!! A whimp with a voice and no action!
Wow that's old news from years ago. Let's try something new.
Its been that way U need to get the word out that the world community needs to all sanction NK together Including Russia & China u got this!
Your words that you "agree with Putin" were translated on Russian TV very well. Now you are Putin's ally, Sir!
Well they are cause no one trusts each other in the last 15 years of Presidency. Where again were those nuclear weapons in Iraq?  Lead Sir.
Are you sending family members into line of fire? Why so anxious to go to war?  Who wins?  I mean other than the "defense" industry?
The president of the United States tweets policy. Do you not think we're the laughing stock here?
So your suggestion is nuclear war?
kind of like tweets from a " President " @realDonaldTrump or a spineless senator like @LindseyGrahamSC
So let's annihilate millions in Seoul or Tokyo?
Absolutely not.R the American ppl who want war totally ignorant of its consequences?This is what Russia wants!
Really?  They're getting very close to condemning us.  You know that don't you?  All thanks to your boy the Mango Mussolini.
Tweeting your frustration with NK is not diplomacy or good foreign affairs policy. You are as bad as your unhinged president on this issue.
Clearly N Korea views twitler as a paper tiger. All talk, no brain, no plan, no knowledge. You enable him daily. #shameonrepublicans
Paper Tigers is exactly what US Congress is. We have Pathological narcissistic compulsive liar & immoral POTUS & U do nothing 2 save USA.
Quit tweeting: do something for the country.  Call a press conference and make a major speech.  Take some time; but quit being glib ?leader?
At least the UNSC is trying to do something. Can you and your colleagues say the same? At least limit POTUS's options before it's too late.
Is GOP trying to make USA a dictatorship
Do something about #DACA or you are a racist too
Don't ignore it
the #IMPOTUS is deplorable. Don't be complicit
#SaveDACA
But they "ARE" paper tigers- same old song and dance
If you do Daca before tax reform OR healthcare u will be voteD out .HOW CAN U DO THIS TO THE REAL AMERICAN PEOPLE.TRAITOR
I like your style! You're no joke!
That doesn't bode well for us with our @potus then
Kind of like every foreign policy you've ever supported.
Not really true at all, sanctions always have some value
Senator, have you considered two tracks- one military, and one complete trade embargo as Trump suggests? Get all allies in. Must have option
I'm Democrat and really impress with you
Sorry your words mean nothing because you allowed this administration to run amok without consequences. You have zero credibility.
If you advocate for war, please first send yourself as a patriot and your entire family too @CNN @ananavarro @ananavarro
What about #DACA?

What are u expecting full out boots on ground attack?
One reason is that we ignore it when the UN CONDEMNS occupation.
Doesn't that describe all UN Security Council resolutions?
They certainly are Sen.  As are politicians like POTUS who don't understand the speak softly and carry a big stick wisdom.
@Reuters Things may be slowly falling into for Putin to become the leader of US Congress starting w/NKorea then Afghanistan. He owns Syria!
So exactly how do we deal with the fact that China will not allow a war on the peninsula #reality #bespecific
Sure, so let's start another Korean war and kill millions. Sign of a good leader is one who can avoid war.
Good, or under this administration the EU might sanction US.
Quite a few people think Trump is trying to destroy democracy and is indeed an authoritarian leader. What sayest you Linds #Impeach ??
So, Mr. Graham, lay out YOUR plan ! Write up and present to POTUS ( and publish it) EXACTLY what you think will work.  You are a WINDBAG!
And then THIS the fact that during the campaign he was making deals with Putin's guy for the biggest real estate deal ever. OOPS.
Oh honey - you and your colleagues could be the ring master of paper tigers!
In case you are unsure. Most of the world says so and so do Yale Scientists. They call him DANGEROUS #ImpeachTrump
We don't need crazy Horror Clown Prez wagging the dog for real on this North Korea situation do we Lindsey. I mean he is quite #Unfit2Rule
I'd prefer if the #HorrorClownPrez wasn't around when Kim Jong Un is. We need a President who isn't off his gourd
Sanctions are pointless. No morality on the other side, so no bargaining. #AlsoSprachZarathustra

If you bring the UK into this country the streets will flow with blood. You better think about that nitwit traitor
So what is it that you suggest be done?
Who lit a fire under you today? Your making sense and that scares me..
NK: No, you stop war exercises first.
US: No, you stop weapons programs first.
NK: No...
US: No...
(Rinse and repeat indefinitely)
People say no nukes go nk, because their leader is unstable. We have nukes and OUR leader is UNSTABLE.     So??????
because they are
Look--everyone knows ANY military provocation of NK = millions dead in Seoul. Quit being such a hawk. Trump is DANGEROUS and irresponsible.
YOU shouldn't have to sell us on war, Lindsey. Last month it was Afghanistan war propaganda. Now it's NK? This is GOP political BS. 
And, why the hell are Trump/GOP insulting/alienating South Korea? Explain that when our soldiers are based there? No trust. Racist GOP.
So are tweets.
Well then either talk or nuke?
WTF is wrong with you? You're not going to be happy until we're in another war? What defense company lobby pays you? #GOPCorruption
A formality when you consider the world's superpowers will have to solve the problem.And which ones step up to do that?
Because they are never enforced.
Trump's withdrawal from TPP on the eve of a war on the Korean Peninsula? That doesn't help when we need allies in Asia/Pac region.
Well since you work for one I guess you would know...
And our president is viewed as a liar and traitor.
So you advocate war ... millions dead?
Time to cut the cord with China Sir. Do we really need Walmart's full of Made in China products? Petroyuan being pushed..do the right thing.
:)) last time I was at Walmart ... Every single aisle. Including the US flags were made in Jina.
Paper tigers made of tissue paper at that. Sen. G, we are getting very very nervous. Please lead in protecting our children & grandchildren
Like our Paper President that ass you kiss daily. . Time for you to go complicit lindsey
Right. Similar to a president who draws multiple redlines but doesn't act on it! You attacked #Obama (justifiably), but are silent ab #Trump
And saber-rattling politicians who stumble into nuclear war?  What are they called?
They are Murderers with ignorance re nuclear catastrophe.We're appalled that these ppl have a voice in Congress!
Agreed. Trump better listen to McMaster,Mattis. Whatever that may be. If he goes rogue, again, we're doomed. Talk about that in press conf
Warmongering Graham-all his dreams are coming true
And your suggestion is?
War.
How's that war play out @LindseyGrahamSC ?
No. The loud mouth barking here is viewed as the " pussy grabber". With trump at helm US has as much credibility as NK.
@realDonaldTrump @JACM0313 Do what is your solution Senator, to allow #nitwitTrump to attack NK? We have realize that they now possess....
nuclear weapons & come up with a different plan. We now need a more intelligent & smart Prez, & not a dim-witted & impulsive one leading us!
O sorry. I forgot China. Surely they will fight w/ NK. What then? Push #TheButton some more? Fight them from carriers in the ocean?
So what are we gonna do? Send off a nuclear bomb? You know the POTUS wants to.
The UN has been I effective as long as I can remember .
IMHO. Better to play with 'paper planes' at this point in response to the dictator and despot for now!
Time to take China behind the woodshed?
Ban trade?
Shut down banking?
We are out of time for half measures.
We can't wait till the birds fly
You keep telling us what doesn't work. Any ideas as to what will?
Exactly what do u want US to do? Exactly.
No matter how dialed in you were to hardlining North Korea..remember you are now asking THIS president to preside over THAT war. Reconsider.
Well said and correct!
The same way when u condemn this president but u never follow through in taking any actions....
You haven't figured out that there are more of us yet?
How bout u stop tweeting & do something constructive like finding a solution.
By whom? I hope you are referring to NOKO
What then? Push #TheButton? Or finish alienating SK and attempt a land war without a land base? Tell me what options YOU see.
DJT has by his ignorance,threats &bullying incited this situation.His mouth should b taped,hands tied,locked out
Looking to start WWIII, are we?
Bro we all knew that when is your next town hall need a recommendation for my son he wants to go to The Citidal can you help?
My grandfather was awarded a Medal of Honor by Jim DeMint for his service in WW2 will that help? I am disabled could use advice
nothing going to stop NK from developing or improving there Nuke capabilities..
We agree at least half the time. This is one of those times. Go to next step and recommend we pull out of UN.
The UN was created by the USA to further the Hegemonic goals of the west.  It does not represent the world,  just part of it.
Lindsey you're the senate's paper tiger
There hasn't been a war! Isn't that the ULTIMATE goal? “Supreme excellence consists of breaking the enemy's resistance w/out fighting.”
Sun Tzu, The Art of War
There isn't an instance of country that has benefitted from prolonged warfare also sun tzu 16 years Afghanistan and counting.
You ready to send 100's of 1000's of soldiers to die. To say nothing of condemning Seoul to ashes before we even mobilize. You up for that?
Deal with the dictator wannabe in the WH!!
Unfortunately you continue to slavishly support @realDonaldTrump and his insatiable need to appear tough.  This will cost us all senator
But mostly, you've become tarnished beyond repair.  As does everyone that comes in contact with @POTUS
History has a long memory indeed.  You will be remembered along with the likes of @SpeakerRyan as a cowardly sycophant.


And so are you.
Psalm 121:1-2
A Song of Ascents. I will lift up my #eyes to the #hills— From whence comes my #help? My #help comes [1/2]
from the #Lord, Who made #heaven and #earth. [2/2]
Romans 3:23-24
for all have sinned and #fall #short of the #glory of #God, being justified freely by His #grace through the [1/2]
#redemption that is in #ChristJesus, [2/2]
