Ridiculous "proposal": a "modest proposal," for our state and all other states which cynically refused Medicaid expansion. Disgusting
Just repeal the damn thing. You all voted for that for seven flipping years. Get after it Sir!

With what money? Are you the only South Carolinian unaware of how poor our state is? Our state legislature is an ineffective joke  already.
You're a coward.  A sham.  A fraud
Brought to you and supported by the Koch Brothers.
You are a murderer -
1 problem w/this is we're a more mobile society. vacationing, moving for work, etc, if states have control it'd be different for each state.
We shouldn't have different Health Ins in each State..American's care should not depend on their geographical location...
While i am sure it plays well to the wealthy that run state gov once again the non-wealthy will pay the price -for your short sightedness.
Why do you think we trust our state governments?
You said Meuller should be fired if he broke the law,  What about this ??Hillary Clinton & Robert Mueller Linked in Russian Uranium Exchange
Thank you for not buckling under Trump!!! Please stay independent and keep the check on @realDonaldTrump @Scaramucci
I'm waiting for you to be a man of action rather than words. You're placating.
Oh my joy to see the money changers have their day!! You continue to do my work and I thank you sir!! 30 pieces of silver for you my minion.
I guess we're just not a Nation 
of the people, by the people and for the people"
Progress will be made when Congress changes from supporting a health insurance system to supporting a health care system.
If Congress can't agree on anything else, at least call ACA what it is: Insuring More People Act. "Affordable" and "Care" overpromise.
Poor states will wind up with substandard care. A citizen of South Carolina should be able to get the same care as a citizen of Connecticut
ABSOLUTELY !
I live in Illinois - please please don't give us money, we'll just throwbit away with our incompetence. The federal government must lead!
Good example, sadly. Philosophically I agree with states' rights arguments, but moving to Illinois has really challenged those beliefs!
Excellent idea. Example: The needs of WI are not the same as CA. I trust my state. 
I'd trust CA or WI with #Healthcare, yes. But not SC or TX or ... (name any red state). Sad we not have consensus or common values.
Anything to get your name out there!
Using public money to lower costs from private industry that has a captive pay-or-die audience. If only this was a tried experiment...
Not all states are equal. Oklahomans will be screwed if left up to the state!
The states will not provide care. Just ask Texas or any other state that did not expand Medicaid. Terrible idea. Try again.
NC did not expand either...saw more patients who didn't take BP meds or seek care...resulting in amputations, renal failure & blindness..
How would it work for people who travel for their jobs and sometimes seek health care out of home state?
.Lindsey haven't you learned after All your yrs that Republican Governors & Legislators always misuse &  misappropriate the funds they get.
Horrible. Backward states like our own SC will have crap care. Everyone cant live in states with good healthcare. Cancer in AZ same in SC
Bring the vote to the people at the poles and let us show you what we want.
There are far too many states that won't do the right thing. I live I one of them. Stop this craziness
Sounds good...but California will need trillions of dollars to support their sanctuary cities...and divert the funds into higher pensions.
Yep. Power to bankrupt the states..like the GOP is bankrupt of conscience and morality.
Senator: unless you deal with the employer health care tax deduction for direct purchase, your plan falls short of giving states freedom. 1/
Swap the tax deduction for HSAs with limits at the current "Cadillac Tax" threshold and allow premiums to be paid from them. Unless that 2/
warping of incentives is eliminated, states will still be unable to move towards either single payer OR a free & robust private market. 3/3
Maybe it's time for your retirement!!!
Is it pride, stupidity, or party loyalty that drives this? Why can't the GOP improve on a law that has benefited us? Revenge is a bad look
Good luck!
No! We need national standards & essential health benefits for QUALITY affordable care. ACA protects consumers. Just fix the markets!
Let's make it easier than that Lindsey. Single payer, then people can buy their own supplemental if they want.
The worst possible scenario. People will never see it if it goes to the states.
You just want a tax cut for your buddies the wealthy republicans in America. You will say yes to a bill that kills Americans. KARMA
No thanks
Please don't. Texas is run by bigots who care less what happens to poor, minority, gay, women, transgender Texans.
Either way people in sc lose healthcare. Don't pretend to care about people
pathetic. NOW you want the state's to step up? after 7 years of your own doing Nothing?!? hypocrite bullshi$$er is all you are
How will these funds be allocated to specific states? For example, will a fiscally responsible state (FL) receive the same funding as IL?
ACA only collapses if you let it, reach across the aisle, work together and make it better. Start putting country first over party.
Good.  Tired of supporting red state morons.
And let the states fuck us instead?
you failed. You voted to tKe healthcare from millions with no plan or idea to fix it no so you have any idea when you will
This worries me! My state hasn't passed a budget in 2 yrs. schools are closing waiting on back pay. You think they are going to pay for HC?
Keep fighting for your proposal, the most sensible solution.The Senate should be listening.
So states like Texas will misdirect funds and keep poor people from insurance? So states can screw people with pre-existing conditions?
Before doing that, why don't you look at the Florida case studies????  Their pre-ACA system collapsed.  Rubio's "Florida Health Choices"
is pathetic....only 42 people signed up when it was introduced!
yeah, as long as you get the same healthcare as your poor and middle-class constituents. No extra help $ for YOU.
But DO states know best? Doubtful. Texas passed laws supposedly meant to protect women, but maternal deaths doubled
For godsakes! Illinois cannot handle what's on their plate now. Bad idea.
Let the budget office review it and the Dems review make changes then bring it forward on merits. No sneaky last minute vote no details
Some states have bigger populations than others. No, they can't afford the burden.
Will you fully fund Medicaid? Nope. So States will suffer while you keep giving tax breaks to folks who don't need them.
So "getting the govt out of the business of healthcare" is just a throwaway line? And TBC I support universal tax-payer funded healthcare.
Why did it take 7 years to hear about SOME Kind of proposal?  The slogan: repeal and replace has been empty!  Is this better?  Who knows?
What's the CBO score?
Access to affordable healthcare should absolutely not depend on what state you live in.
Great if you live in a state where the leadership actually gives a damn, like a blue state.
I would prefer Lying Ted own... 
put it on the for for discussion
#SAVEOBAMACARE #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid #SaveObama #SaveLives of #sick, #elderly, #disabled, #needy, #HumanBeings, created in Image of #God! 
States are incapable of running health care. Senator, as a South Carolinian, you should know this.
Is there even a full text of this available yet? Don't pretend to be the smartest guy in the room if you don't have the goods to show for it
NO
Ummm, I know EXACTLY what you are , you slimy fake closet case . ELECTIONS ARE COMIN' ! 
Republicans must really hate the American people unless u have lots of zeros in your bank account pure disgust
What's a more vital component of a healthy country than healthcare for everyone? Single-payer insurance across the USA, all of us one pool.
I have an idea, why don't you & @GOP drop your plan,the one American people pay for, & get the one you say is so great,& trying to sell US!
People is South Carolina must be really dumb, gullible, or just plain ignorant. #VoteThemOut
Why the can't u Republicans do what the American people ask of you we pay your salary you are there to represent us smdh
Yeah I can see that going over really well with  states controlled  by republican governors we know how well that will go fix ACA
fix the VA first. Restore Medicaid to what it was meant for, the poorest Among Us. And then get govt out of healthcare!!
No
I really like that idea.  With restrictions tho.  No federal or state money for illegal aliens
It's those people that will sap the hospitals in ER visits. This is close to MA's healthcare system which is doing fine & has been for yrs.
Two words amd a finger to YOU!
No thanks
How about health care consumers? This is not an issue of states rights. It is about Americans having affordable health insurance.
So basically I feel terrible for the folks in ur state who're gonna lose their healthcare.  U know what conservative states are going to do.
What happens when someone is out of state for travel and has medical issue or needs to see specialist in another state?  Cannot find answer.
Senator, I would suggest considering the benefits that come from the economies of scale of a single payer platform
Please don't do that. My state does not care about health of its citizens.
First tell us why it is important to return that power to the states. How were they doing it better before 2010?
Sen Cassidy's state (my state) has 3rd highest poverty rate, is the 3rd sickest state with debt over 900 mil.  I should trust them why?
I live in Illinois.  I don't think I want my state to get block grants that it will abuse.
How does your proposal help me?
Texas is not going to protect me, Senator Graham.
Work on a bipartisan plan instead please Senator Graham!
I liked your option, great starting point, makes sense to allow states to utilize health care dollars for the citizens most close to need.
@LindseyGrahamSC one of the few not afraid to speak up even if I don't agree most of the time. I respect him
This will drive up prices dramatically and result in a tons more uninsured that we will then end up paying for anyway.

It's states rights unless you don't agree then it is up to the fed to regulate.
Graham, you had promise of being human once, now you blew it. Sad that you hate people that pay your salary.
Would be disastrous
Nobody wants Medicaid gutted and burdens on states.  Spells disaster for many Americans. In the end, this is about PAC's rights, not ours.
Nah, how about you guys stop taking money from big pharma and insurance co. USA pays more for healthcare because our politicians are owned
When you get to the budget eliminate the 41+ million the military pays for Viagra.
Fund the CSR's/risk corridor/oth comps. Provide a public option, go through committees, hearings, etc. w/ Dems to fix. Not rocket science.
States could never have the funds or power to handle healthcare, the federal government is capable of giving #SinglePayer healthcare!
You've served your usefulness. Your words are meaningless. Time for you to go. Good riddance
Over 70% of Americans want a bipartisan fix, including 72% of independents. PLEASE stop playing political football with our lives.
Blowing smoke as usual! Millions will be uninsured and you are gloating? You weren't elected to hurt the poor and disenfranchised. #shameful

Lisa Murkowski is standing up for the people she represents

She is doing what's right for them and not the…
Actually this seems reasonable Senator. Have you talked to your democratic colleagues about this?
So in other words, screw you, people of SC!!! We can't primary you fast enough.
You do know the state that you represent, don't you?
Sure. Because SC has been SO protective of our citizens: #2 in domestic violence deaths, last in education & refused the #Medicaid extension
And 50 (51 for DC) different programs seems incredibly inefficient. Break down the barriers! #ACA #FixIt

#VeteransResist it's time to tell Congress how the #ACA and #Medicaid help you get care the #VA doesn't cover. Your voice matters. 
Horrible idea!  Ugh.  Dangerous.   Don't do these crazy things.  No.
And whats with the dramatical profile pic...were u in an Operetta?
Nope. I am done listening to you. You have shown you don't give a shit about the people of SC unless they are rich. #impeachCongress
IMPEACH TRUMP. You should be waking up every single day, asking yourself "How can I work to remove this clown for the American people?"
Oh god Lindsey
You did the right thing today. Thank you!
