That's more heartfelt than anything @realDonaldTrump our Narcissist-In-Chief has tweeted. Stop praying and do something about Trumpsky!
FEMA/Federal Government is the Reason why the Lone Star State is not Alone when Disaster Like Hurricane Harvey Strikes. United We Stand

Here's the vote for Sandy aid. 179 of the 180 no votes were Republicans. I count at least 20 Texas Republicans. 

http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2013/roll023.xml … 
And YOUR president is golfing.  SAD
Also appreciation to the President
Sociopath Trump Loves Harvey. Used the Disaster/Suffering of Houston as cover to revoke the Civil Rights of Transgenders.Where's the Outrage

@DavidJollyFL  https://twitter.com/acosta/status/901999846114119680 … these are the people Trump said were the enemy of the people and who did not care about the US
You've been terribly quiet about #arpaiopardoned. What is your position on this?
Yes, I am interested too. -29466
back stabbing two face traitor running its mouth again!
Yes, they have to deal with the results of climate change that our man child President and the complicit GOP, both want to deny.
In addition to prayers, how about full funding for our first responders?
Remember @realDonaldTrump pulled the US out of the Paris Climate Accord. Prayers won't help fix global warming!
And out condemnation of Trump for tweeting psychotic crap out while people are suffering.
Givectrump credit for not waiting to send help until after storm you haters need to give credit where credit is due #hatersgonnahate
Please sen graham please make him stop. impeach! He's dangerous and we're scared
You're not going to say "Unlike Obama" like your last tweet Senator?
Did you vote for against Sandy Aid?
When the GOP is done praying can they maybe send some food and shelter too?
Senator... please denounce these terrorists. #antifa

https://twitter.com/realTEN_GOP/status/901929194711592960 …
You mean the citizens with their own boats. Where's the amphibious military vehicles? The response to this in Houston was a joke
Stop praying and start acting. As a Republican, I am losing faith in our party.
Your party's failure to act will haunt the TeaOP for decades. Our Narcissist-In-Chief is unfit. Silence screams support. #WakeUpGOP
Now meteorologist Graham, I don't think you're qualified to comment on the weather. @DrRandPaul for POTUS.
How about adequately funding federal gov't agencies like EPA and FEMA? Going to vote with Chump to shut down gov't if "wall " funding not in
5
Grow a spine please regarding The Don.... be careful he doesn't kiss you on the cheek
How about funding?
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC for this acknowledgement.  You are appreciated.
By who?
Hater
Sociopath Trump Loves Harvey. Used the Disaster/Suffering of Houston as cover to Pardon Civil Rights Violator Arpaio. Where's the Outrage?
Gop  sure has been quiet on the whole Nazi pardon, cant imagine why
Meanwhile Trump tweets today about a book, NAFTA, his stupid wall & winning in Mo. Please help rid this country of this despicable man!
SAVE THE CHILDREN...JUSTICE & FREEDOM FOR THEM ALL.
@realDonaldTrump Another example of what a public servant (that is what you are by the way) could say in the face of disaster.
How about letting the president know that Mexico is an ally who helped with Katrina.
I hope all you can do is pray before to long when we in South Carolina vote you out.
While you're praying how about supporting Trump & moving his agenda forward
Say your prayers about that pardon, and lgbt not being able to serve our country. OUR country. Not yours to fuck up.
Do something about this mad man in the White House sir....
Thank you for being honest & standing up for our country vs. political party!!!
You also need to help the rest of us 63 million Trumpsters pray for OUR President to have the strength to keep fighting for us. RINOS to go
God be with them
RINO
Continuing our prayers that you resign.
@SenateDems @SenateGOP THANK YOU A LOT BETTER THAN GOOD LUCK FROM RACIST HOMOPHOBIC TRUMP
Don't sent prayers, sent Federal aid!
Your Grand Wizard @potus is only concerned about his WALL
Lindsey. Why do most of your comments sound like you are still running for president? Why don't you just focus on your constituents?
How about backing our president for quick response, he did it while u were sleeping. U r such a putz. Last term 4 U.
THIS DISASTEROUS ORESIDENT IS TWEETING ABOUT HIS WALL & NAFTA! GET RID OF HIM! ENOUGH!!!!!!!!
While @POTUS endorses a book on Amazon, talks about how big he won in MO, and, oh, mentions #hurricaneharvey so he sounds presidential.
A great day will be when the Republicans are out of office. You and your party have been a deep disappointment to this entire country.
That was an easy lift Senator. Now how about condemnation of #ArpaioPardon which underwent no review and signals cops can ignore judges?
How bout you thank our @POTUS as well for being ALL OVER the situation b 4 #Harvey ever hit Tx
Yea because you're going to need a mircale to stop @realDonaldTrump defunding #fema #sarcasticclapping I hope you step up to stop that.
Thank you.  You're a wonderful leader and much appreciated!
Well..."YOUR PRESIDENT" is boasting about winning in MO (red state) & talking about his next KKK RALLY!!!
Please DO NOT allow Trump to get away with murders under the shadow of Harvey. Trump is a THUG, CON, TREASONOUS and DEPLORABLE SOB.9
Spoken as a leader and resident of a state that is all too familiar with hurricanes. It was heartwarming to see those reaching out yesterday
Federal funds for TX without offsets?
#ImpeachTrumpNow #GOPComplicit #DoSomethingGOP
Amen .. appreciation and respect to brave responders for crisis #Harvey2017
Thank you, Senator Graham. We appreciate your prayers.
they need real help. Talking to your invisible friend does nothing to stop suffering. #prayfortexas #prayerdoesnothing
No federal welfare, right? Those socialists want to ruin 'merica. Pull themselves up by their bootstraps. Jesus said so!  #MAGA
Please help us. Denounce the traitor in the WH.
Please send via Amazon Prime!!! Lives are at risk!  Wait, do prayers float?
Nicely worded. Could you run over to Camp Davis and give our incompetent president a few words of advice on how to respond to a disaster?
No one wants prayers from you
Thank you Senator.  Keep sending assistance.  God help us if we have to rely on Cornyn and Cruz.  This is about more than politics.
And THIS is an example of how a leader tweets words of support & encouragement during a natural disaster.
Lindsey Graham, how far will you allow Ttump to go ??  all of you are making America sick !
I bet you and @SenJohnMcCain first impulse was to send them bombs like you do everywhere else in the world
What does a pardon to a racist mean to you ?  Would you pardon a racist sheriff?  Your POTUS did that.
Where's ur statement on POTUS pardon of racist torturer Arpaio after he failed at obstruct/justice by asking Sessions to drop it? #impeach
Yes Senator where is yours and all of your R counterparts? Your silence speaks volumes.  It appears by not speaking out you CONDONE #SAD
Thank you. Woukd be nice if trump could be as gracious as you. Instead, he is promoting his wall. Even when people hurt, he is about himself
While prayers make you feel better,  you should be fighting for funding to help the people needing it.
I'm registering lots of voters, we are coming election time. Trump is toxic!
Good, if they have any sense they will vote Trump.   That's how he won last time. Voters are smarter than dems think.
How's that working out for them? Are those prayers saving any lives or lessening the devastation those affected are experiencing?
Did Trump already pass the Play-Doh? He problably thinks they can build a house with it. Lol
Too bad the President could care less
The best thing you and your fellow Republicans can do for Texas and the rest of the nation is BEGIN THE #IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS!
Hey maybe you can send them some books since that's Trump's priority this morning
Can you pray for us people that live in South Carolina and are still on Obamacare!
Pray for us that are impaced by Mr. Trump too.
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Sounding presidential!
how about calling @RideCARTA to rmv THIS clear&present danger
Is this the Carta stop at intersection of Rivers and Cosgrove, heading south? Bad accident waiting to happen, not safe for people at stop.
Amy comment about Trump's pardon of Arpaio?
Prayers don't help. Send first responders from SC.
This is a statement POTUS should be making NOT pardoning racists. When will GOP stand up against him?! Checks & balances are needed
@realDonaldTrump this is what a real leader is!
Aw, "good luck" isn't enough?
The people of SC will not forget your betrayal!!!  We voted for our @POTUS and you need to show more loyalty! #RINO
praying to who Lindsey
How are you feeling about the pardon?
Pray away, sir, but then DO SOMETHING about the insane "republican" "president" you have installed in the White House.  He is dangerous.
we will send Trump down very very soon to help and get his photo shoot
Now get Trump removed! He's toxic. He's ruining our country and the Republican party is now equated with neo nazis. #DoSomethingGOP #Impeach
When are you going to drop that pair of tours and stand up to the maniac in the Oval who threatens our National Safety? For the love of God?
Stop lying... you don't pray. AND IT IS CLEAR...
hypocrite
Thanks for being the leader our Pres refuses and can't be.
Donald's first instinct this morning was to promote another corrupt/murderous sheriff.
A great book by a great guy, highly recommended! https://twitter.com/sheriffclarke/status/847190375848710145 …


These words can't b said enuf. As a nation we r holding r breath. As horrifying as this is, we mourn erosion of the soul of r country. ACT.
Action please before another criminal is released!
Just don't send Socialist disaster aid. If we all pray hard enough Jesus will fix it even though he caused it. #MAGA
Still waiting to hear if this is the fault of the gays, blm or antifa.
Senator, please make time to read Sheriff Clarke's book, ur party leader says it's great. Also great pictures of him on his trip to Russia.
We would appreciate it if you would stand up to POTUS
.stand up to disregard of law and reckless WH pardons @jeffsessions muzzle @realDonaldTrump

HAHAHAHAHAHAHA #yougetwhatyoupayfor

Shut up & go to work...we elected Trump so get his agenda done....whinny baby.
politicians at there best. Words. Go back to D.C. and do your job
Do us a favor and unfuck the president.
He'd have to unfuck himself first, that seems like a lot of work. Empty words are easy.
McMullin/Graham 2020
What about sending prayers to the victims of Joe Arpaio and condolences to the rule of law?
While @realDonaldTrump peddles books. Lindsey, please show some real leadership re: our #UnfitPotus
First responders in my area of Houston are awesome! So grateful for them!
Send trump out of office
That's thoughtful. Now you can sit back down, continue your trump support & order Clark's book.
Really nice. Prayer will provide them "what" ?
Excellent. Now where's your statement on the Arpaio pardon?
Karma's a bitch
ARE U GOING TO VOTE TO IMPEACH OR NOT
You can thank our president for his hard work unlike the last president that was too busy always on vacation & golfing! Support Trump!!
Country first! #ImpeachTrumpNow
Hear, hear Sen. Graham!
And Trump's pardon? No comment my Senator?
No book to promote first?!?!
Did Donald send you a copy of the book he's promoting on twitter?
The current POTUS put out a tweet to sell books during a weather disaster.
...Unlike Obama.
Obama was always busy on vacation and golfing...obama did nothing for storm victums!
That is the funniest thing I've ever heard. Trump has golfed me than Obama by a mile. Pull your head out of the sand.
The embarrassment that is POTUS is tweeting about a book. When are you going to alienate yourself from this fool? Country over party now.

At least someone puts out a presidential sounding tweet. Thank you!
Or you could just buy Sheriff Clarke's book like Trump tweeted out before any updates on #Harvey.
Your thoughts on your pres pardoning a convicted racial profiler 3 weeks after Charlottesville?
this highly responsible tweet contrasts greatly with that of our current POTUS and underscores why you need to impeach!
and of course I thank you for keeping those in danger in your thoughts.
Any thoughts on our president tweeting out a crazy/pretend tough guy's book recommendation on this sad morning for so many? #Harvey #speakup
Trump is recommending a Book on Amazon, and its not how to survive the hurricane. Clearly forgot his meds this morning.
You want to endorse Clarke's book also ?
Get rid of Trump.
