The effort by the #GOP #trumpcare has been minimal unless you're thinking about the top 1% wealthy then It seems they have your 100% support
This bill won't even help the top 1% in the end. It's bad economics. But I do want to warn, no matter which course of action we take, there
Is going to be a major downturn in the healthcare sector. If we stay in the ACA it'll get worse then implode. Trumpcare is a disaster. If we
The American people have been paying for our government reps insurance so each American should have the same insurance as our gov reps.
Okay, then pay to get the same insurance that your rep has if you feel as if you should have it
That's the point we should pay what the reps pay in premiums.
That makes almost no sense. In order for that to happen the irony is we'd pay more. Just in taxes. We'd pay taxes to fund our own "free"
Care that would be more than what we pay now lol. So to get free care you have to pay for it ironically
Once you give things to people, you catch hell taking them back.  When did we become a socialist nation?  Tired of it.
You seem to be a bright man, so why in the hell would you ever align yourself with Fox news? That's like writing articles for the Enquirer.
Watching. Now stand BEHIND the President!!! 100%!!
Not too close, he's old and gassy.

This bill is unacceptable!!! PLEASE think about the citizens of South Carolina and all over the U. S. and NOT the Republican Party.
This is my son who had Crohn's Disease. He will always carry the stigma of a pre-existing condition. Protect his right for coverage.
Unless you let his coverage lapse he WILL be covered. This is a myth.
Unless ... because employment and insurance are guarantees? They aren't.
That is true but you do have over 90 days. I have a PEE. But it's mostly in place to stop people from getting coverage AFTER they need it.
Meanwhile, @realDonaldTrump treason remains "worrisome"
What treason?
Senator, why don't YOU tune away from the horrible trumpcare?!
Graham quit talking and start doing something with Republicans in Senate on agenda, you just posture with no action and I am tired of it
Vote NO in the disguised health care bill. This is wealth care at it's finest.
Fox News is our state-run media outlet now.  They might as well change the name to Trump TV.  Give an interview on NPR or MSNBC.
Think u can do something with the traitor in the oval office?
#Trumpcare will take away health insurance from 22 million people--22 MILLION! That's 5x the population of SC. Do you even care?
Oh please. Learn the truth about that "claim"

go home and stay home
The #TrumpRussiaCoverUp is what we're concerned with. Healthcare is important, but we are in unprecedented territory with #TrumpRussia
This being your main concern is why your party loses election after election. Did you care when Obama did nothing about Russia interference?
Just give the people the same coverage those in Congress have - problem solved. We pay for your coverage anyhow. SC coverage is awful.
Type 1 diabetes is not the persons fault!  Pre exist conditions MUST be covered!
I want access to the same health care choices you do #notocruzamendment -registered SC voter
17%. It might be politically advantageous to admit tax breaks are not as important as fixing O-care. Its healthcare, not a pissing contest.
work 4 the people REJECT#TrumpCare it only benefits special interest at the expense of the people!
Stick w Obama Care and work on the freaking Russian collusion and interference
Forget about FOX and use your time to get the GOP on the same page as our President.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP - GOP have failed the American people Vote them out if they don't perform !
Trumpcare would be disastrous for those who need care the most. Vote NO. It's the right thing to do (and you know it).
Latest effort on healthcare? What effort? You guys won't even repeal it.
!Why is @GOP  giving yourselves a waiver if so great? Junk policies putting ppl 1 illness away from bankruptcy and drives up cost if over 50
Crushes medicaid!
Do not cut medicaid
Could you and Mccain please stay off the air or join the party that you 2 really belong to which is the democrats
No...stop the interviews, you are NOT helping. Prediction: this is your last term.
Nope. Not necessarily
There is no possible way you were going to be reelected
The Republican party, is acting "complicit" supporting and enabling Trump and his corrupt family and administration
More like the non efforts on health care. The president isn't the problem, Congress is
It doesn't have to be so hard. JUST FIX ACA
Please stop talking to Right Wing Propaganda TV and talk to us moderate centrists on CNN.  Remember, Foxy Lady thinks COLLUSION IS OK.
Soulseller GOP who r pushing the middle class out, further widening income inequality- working for the billionaire peepee obsessed Mercers.
Latest health care bill shows GOP is willing to take McConnell's deals & screw America.Is the worst one yet and exempts you and your staff.
i like your alternative plan

What a horrible disappointment.
@SenateMajLdr This needs to get done.  As a reminder ...
This right here are the true death panels.
I own a home in SC, so am one of your constituents. I stand with Planned Parenthood  @PPact. It is a vital source of women's healthcare!
@LindseyGrahamSC is just a transpolititian!
U mean abt stealing healthcare frm Americans.Shameful
You are a fake republican
Fake News
I really like what you were doing but I wish you wouldn't go on Fox news.
No thank you can't stand the sound of your lying voice. Why don't you go on @MSNBC to speak? Coward?
The @GOP has nothing to say about healthcare.  Because it doesn't care.  You had years to plan for this and didn't. Too busy with Bengazhi.
Sorry, I cannot watch Fox tv.  They spin and lie.

The ACA is the best healthcare I've ever had. First time I've ever had eye care & dental care. The peace of mind of having it is priceless!
If this new law is so great why are you exempting Congress members from the plan? We want your plan for all Americans.
Attacking the poor and elderly, protecting Traitors. GOP is the party of Russia. What is wrong with you people?
No thanks. I don't listen to a station where they spoon feed their audience with propaganda tainted pablum
*efforts to destroy American's healthcare. There @LindseyGrahamSC fixed it for ya.
Not only is @GOP destroying the health of the people through #TrumpCare, you are also destroying the nation through #TrumpRussia complicity
Lindsey the only acceptable plan fair to all Americans is Medicare for all. Why haven't you included Dems in your conversation
Why not talk about the Smith guy who was said to commit "suicide" and I say that loosely...Killary Kartel has struck again...
Abandon Trumpcare! It's a pending disaster and you know it
Sorry, I don't watch FOX news.
Make sure you answer why taxpayers are paying health insurance for criminals like Kushner & Trump Jr. Revoke security clearance now.
Do you ever work...ur always on talk shows...no wonder it's 8 years and we still have repeal/replace!
I am a South Carolinian.  Please vote no!
Please say how the only solution that will work in Single Payer Universal health care. And the need to continue to fund Planned Parenthood.
jer@. juat retire
I hope about bipartisan work to tweak ACA. ACA Medicaid pre-existing conditions protection  bipartisan
Lindsey, the ACA gave us protections that are important to keep like insurance had to cover everything and they couldn't cap benefits.
Our county is under attack, the president is under Putin's control, and the Republicans want to gut healthcare.
Man up a vote against it.
Will you be admitting that it decimates families, children with disabilities, and people with pre-existing conditions? Oh & that U R EXEMPT?
- no subsidies to insurance companies. $15 billion in profits for 2015 !
Please explain how you are able to sleep at night.
Why is @DanaRohrabacher also speaking with Rinat in Berlin and discussing sanctions & money laundering? This was in April.
What about Jr's meeting and the news another Russian spy attended? When will you step up and defend this country?
Don't worry about Healthcare while we have russian spy having free run of the WH and staff! Get to the bottom fast even if it takes FBI raid
The new plan harms patients, hospitals, and healthcare workers.  VOTE NO!!
Love yr proposal of Block Granting Healthcare 2 States& getting Federal Gov out of Healthcare! States know needs of people better than Feds!
Please revoke Jared's privileges . A Russian spy was in that room . Make our checks n balances work ! News is real ! Care 4 US!!
The @GOP's efforts to strip healthcare from 22 million people.  Aren't you special.
vote no!
Please do the right thing for our country! Dont spin this for Fox viewers - they need to start hearing the truth!! Unite US not divide US!!
Yes, Rand is #gone. Keep working on Portman.
Do you live in Ohio?
yes
I call almost every day
He says to do that, any of his offices, I'd tweet, someone reads it. As of yesterday, he's undecided, has Medicaid worries, as Kasich has.
This opiod thing is bad. They need the money.
Yes, and programs other than Medicaid are trying to help too. Both OH senators are trying to pass anti drug laws, and are compassionate men.
Agreed. We're lucky to have 2 decent senators. would feel a lot better if Portman voted yes on a bill that Kasich likes.
SW you but you failed to say  two other people were in the room and one was a Russian spy ! Please care! Where r checks n balances for us?
Just a daylight robbery.
@GOP = Spineless cowards. #HealthcareNotWealthcare #TrumpTreason #SaveACA #LetUsLive
Investigate Lynch, Obama, Clinton, Seth Rich murder, and the traitor John McCain.
I tuned in and you are a discredit to the United States and the Republican Party. Repeal Obamacare
Why is Congress exempt from Trumpcare? Are you also exempt from Lindseycare?
don't take away my insurance..... it's not great but it's better than nothing and the GOVT refuses to allow me to buy into their group plans
You are a disappointment to your country
GOP=PARTY OF BETRAYAL.
I'm from Greenville. Please vote NO on this awful bill!!!!!!!
Insane- Fox?
Really? Talking about how many Supreme act justices may die so that u can appt? And I think u said Obamacare 7 times. Sheesh
why so you can bash americans intelligence again?
Actually, Lindsey has the perfect solution to a health care policy. Give it all to the  states. No government intervention (single payer).
Russian spies
fox isnt news, senator
Step up..
Explain to all of us why you are exempt from the healthcare you are pushing on us Taxpayers pay your healthcare something you seen to forget
I would like to hear that explanation ALSO!
@LindseyGrahamSC is a joke to the Republican Party he's a Dem

It is UNACCEPTABLE to give tax cuts for the rich by hurting the most vulnerable American citizens. Tell him that. #unchristian #unamerican
@LindseyGrahamSC - Get off your ass and get rid of that petty despot!
All Talk no Action...........Sad !.........Russia, Russia, Russia
Stop validating Fox "news"
Lost me @ the Fox News part.
You need to TUNE IN
Your bill will kill ppl. Y don't U care?
