Meh, she's a flip flop like her dad.
Us? The GOP? White people? 'Splain, please.
The view needs to be cancelled nothing but a bunch of hackles disgusting show would never watch
If you don't watch - how can you have an opinion?
Lol because obviously I have seen clips and it's not for me a bunch of bitching women can't stand constant bitching people
The View is a disgusting disgrace to the Voters of Trump & American women that voted for Trump. Political discrimination, racism. Shameful
Could you get back to doing your job and not advertising your friends daughters new job? It's not what you are paid for.
She won’t last long once she bucks heads with Whoopi & Joy Bye Bye 
Glad to see she's on a show, only watched by libs. Her and @SenJohnMcCain are Dems, anti- @POTUS , watch @JeffFlake go, along with others 
#25thamendment
Have you come out of the closet yet?
She'd be a better president than the dope who is destroying the country. Actually my chihuahua would be a better president.
She must be disgusted with you
Maybe you should follow her example.
Kneeling to the flag shows respect for the values and principles it is supposed to stand for but still does not for so many black people.
They don't care that the players have explained..they just are low-key racist! And sadly don't even know it!
Bull go kneel for your causes on your own time and dime get out in the community don't do it when the Anthem is playing disgusting
Us?
"Us"?
Great
MCCAIN IS A TRAITOR, JUST LIKE YOU!
So when you're not brown nosing trump and you watch the View , do you ever actually work ?
All this hullabaleeu becaus she joined the Libtards? She said her Dad was needed now! Yes needed by Pelosi, Schumer. Graham etc.
No meghan McCain is not gifted or compassionate
And your golfing with president and sucking up to him by posting his fake score didn't make many proud!!
Meghan supports a person that sexual assaults women...how does that make her compassionate?
Yes...a lot of BS.
The president is going to start WW3 and has declared an unwillingness yo protect 1st Amendment and THIS is how you spend your time???
And you just allowed your leader to rip reproductive rights from the womb. You don’t deserve to be heard. You’re #Complicit
Give me a break.....
That's great and all... but... how about the 25th amendment ?!
Seriously? After all the gracious things said about her father and she trashes HRC in classless trashy ways. Gross.
45ORANGEBOY suck
Is mean rude white privilege a gift
Sure, dude.
Hope to not see anothe Trumpkins on TV.  @potus wreaking havoc on us citizens with GOP blind eye to Trumpgate acts
She is a #FauxRepublican just like you.
Your golf game with Trump last week made us want to throw up in our mouth a little.
“us”?
Put the big boy pants on today Lindsey - Good men can not stand by and do nothing!! You know in your heart waht has to be done - get to it!!
Go back in your hole you turn coat.
Maybe she can help the other losers get out of the country! The dip shits promised to leave! Keep them to their promise!
I'm so scared. Trump is dangerous.  He is a wanna be dictator.  He is unfit.  He is fascinated with nuclear weapons. Republicans! SPEAK UP!
Lindsey, you r a man with no spine!! Never have liked you. You speak out of both sides of your mouth!!
Please save us.  Get Trump out of there!  He is unfit! He has the Nuclear codes!  He is unstable. What if he gets pissed off?
She is a despicable human #thedirtyright get off #theview
Are you watching The View? Ewww, you poor thing. And poor Meghan
You must be a leftist if you have nice comments about the view.
How nice ur golfing w potus & watching the view while death toll in PR rises to 45 due 2 ur negligence. Hell waits 4 GOP maybe soon w nukes
And yet you golf with the man who mocks her father daily
are you daft!!!
Too bad you won't bring more assistance to Puerto Rico sir!
More than can be said for you.
Saw Tuesday's ep. Noticed she rails against Obama but defends Trump by default. Guess the election loss stings more than the POW = loser BS.
That's nice of you. Now impeach Trump before we go to war please.
Pass a bill that will Stop Trump from starting a war
I hope to see more women in positions of power in the House, Senate, media. That will change the country and the world.
LOL of course you would be watching the View... keep rallying congressional repubs to get behind the president and get some work done!!
The View is totally a whore
I agree! She's doing a great job. Not easy to be a lone voice on most topics but she can hold her own!
That's what taxpayers pays you for...
Poundage?
Big disappointment that Meghan is on the view.  She is smarter than the views talking points.  Not a good show for open minded women.
Another Elisabeth Hasselbeck
How Communist hens?
Unlike her traitor father!
Yes she does! Her father used to be like that! But, he serves his own interests above those of the people who elected him! Sad
She literally said the exact same thing about you Senator.
Make your country proud, Senator.  Introduce Impeachment Articles, talk about the 25th, stick up to the cancer that is Trump.  DO SOMETHING!
So, it's time for you to be like John and Bob. Get trump out of office before he blows us all up!
Shut up.
Wish I could feel the same about you @LindseyGrahamSC. Highlighting playing golf w/racist, incompetent, anti-democracy @POTUS is pathetic.
The Republican Party is complicit with the most traitorous act a president ever committed ... that’s how history will remember all of you.
it’d be a relief 2C McConnell & Ryan grow a cpl of spines - #PrezShit4Brains is acting like Martin Sheen from Steven King’s The Dead Zone
I’m only liking your stat bec it’s about a McCainI used 2 have a smudge of respect 4 u.But unless you’re setting #dotard 4 fall FU&ur
And would never brag abt #Trump 'a golf game.
Your just another one without compassion that VERY SOON the American people are going to kick to the curb...along with your traitor buddy..
Shut up.
Wh
She will turn into her Rino father soon and fit right in with Democrats
I respect the fact that she's no longer blind to the indecency and unfitness of imPOTUS. I can't say the same for you
As the daughter of a veteran I have to say that you, @LindseyGrahamSC, make me sick.
She is probably super happy you are golfing buddies w the man that insulted her dad for being a POW and having brain cancer.
Senator what is compassion?

I understand she shoots in the low 70s also...
No she doesn't. She brings GOP propaganda and BS to the table
Lindsey, how was it being trumps ball washer?

Meghan I would strongly suggest you ask Graham not to endorse u.
You aren't winning any of us over and it doesn't help.
Seriously, what in the hell is it going to take?
I like her she just needs to be less defensive and more understanding. She’s new and appears very stiff .
I am a staunch dem & I absolutely agree with you. I am thrilled that she joined The View& looking forward to hearing her thoughts & opinions
Only left America hating people watch theview
Ian a conservative woman who thinks she’s dry, dull and boring.
Lidsey Graham needs to get out of the Cult:
Dude, you need to go see a doctor for that addiction problem you have for McCain..
Look at Lindsey Graham talking about compassion.
Golfing? TV Shows? How about doing some work?? Seriously. Worst #GOP #Congress EVER.
#NationalComingOutDay @LindseyGrahamSC COME OUT, COME OUT WHEREVER YOU ARE!
You need to step up and get this lunatic out of office. Now. Stop sitting on your ass watching this train wreck. Do something.
I know she's much smarter than most republicans we're seeing in Congress today. And more witty. Maybe she should run for Trent Frank's seat.
Hey, did you ever get paid for babysitting the big fella the other day?
It was nice seeing her in her new position . I hope she does well.
Too bad you can bring anything worth wild to the table.
I agree but instead of watching liberal anti America bs tv show should you not be working on GOP agenda?
Not unexpected from the good senator as he loves Meghans daddy so much
Good point!
Go play golf with Trump
A good conservative GOP wouldn't be doing a show that constantly bashes POTUS and conservative politics! Guess she is turning DEM !
Uh.....no thanks....i don't watch that trashy show.
You and John belong there.
Um..no it isn't.
She should have went on some other show. The View is the worse show on tv and should be canceled.
What's your point? Can't stand outspoken intelligent  women?
Oh.  No.

If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
Too bad @MeghanMcCain can't say the same about @LindseyGrahamSC anymore #Shame
She is making us proud. Even if we don't all agree, I love how she shows respect & truly listens to others opinions & considers it! Awesome!
she just like her crooked two face lying back stabbing traitor dad no brain. McCain!
Why are you protecting trump and thereby empowering Russia what is wrong with the @gop. ?
Did you senator take this job to have so many lose faith in our government
Yes she is great ... but trump is criminally insane and a danger to all of us..please why is the gop protecting him...why?
I wouldn't watch that shit show if you paid me! Bunch of NUTCAKES!
Do we seriously pay the entire GD government to watch television? SERIOUSLY? Between @potus pimping #FauxNews and congressppl it's gross.
Ms McCain is not a good listener or learner. She was rude to Joy B in her opening remarks. Whoopie has messed w my mornings w/ this tacky
But your fake president may not like it
Is this because you are close ally of her father or you truly admire her? You see- we don't trust you!
Why would anyone watch the racist view. Wake up senator.
If Trump is on record saying something reckless and there’s a discussion she doesn’t have to stiffen up and eye roll, try speaking up
So you're watching the View and not doing your job?
I fear she will regret it.  That show is a viper’s nest!!
I agree its just sad she is sitting with such racist haters and people who are so disrepectful to this country and our president.
Sorry, I can’t watch the view without barfing. Let’s see if Meghan sells her soul to stay on the show with the liberal lunatics.
Do you watch the View? Or just today?
Liberal Meghan, on the most Liberal show on the Networks. Yea. makes you proud!!
I don't watch that show. Liberal Groupthink nagging session
As r u! And it’s National Coming Out Day!!! Please celebrate responsibly. #comeoutcomeoutwhereveryouare
Yea but you just finished your favorite round of golf ever with the man who defames her father.
Compassionate! Bwahaha 
'The View is clearly regretting this decision...#YUGE mistake! Whoopi & Joy, do something! @WhoopiGoldberg @JoyVBehar
How was your golf game with Trump? Did you get all of your cuts to the American people's health care in to the EO he is going to sign? SHAME
The viewers don't
She’s a good listener and critical thinking skills are on point. You and others should follow her lead.
Complicit coward. Go play golf with your evil Emperor.
Here is another one for you
#unwatchable
I wish the others would shut up and let meghan talk..
We want you, @LindseyGrahamSC , to make us proud.
What do you know about compassion?  Pls enlighten us.
Can’t stand her, she won’t last long. She isn’t  meshing well with the others.
and her war hero  father being ripped by your golfing buddy doesnt get a peep from you, all of you are reperhensible
Shut up  trump gave your cell no.
Nice, Uncle Lindsey. Now please don't embarrass her by golfing with the man who golfs to line his pockets & doesn't govern.
"Us" as in daddy and you?
IMO Eric Reid made her look silly on her first day.....
I'm happy to see M too. Wish she'd be more vocal. Don't agree with her 100% time, but love her Dad...great addition View!
You and songbird are on the way out. Neither represent Americans.
But we have a corrupt POTUS and you try and prop him up? Can't you pass legislation without selling out America? #DonTheCon #NoDignity
The devotion she has shown to her family of late is heartwarming. It is always a blessing to hear the strong voices of conservative women.
Sorry Lindsey, you've really lost any semblance of an important/listened to voice, what with your complicity with DT.
Lindsey, what do you think of Weinstein doing to women the same thing your President have done to women? Can he join the Republicans party?
California is literally on fire, Puerto Rico is still in desperate need....but all i want to know is what happened on The View! Priorities!
Who's the us in that sentence big guy?
To bad you didn't stick up for her dad and your friend when the dumpster attacked his war record.
Seriously? You get your news from The View?
I Have No Photo Of MsMcCain I Wish Her Success...ttyl
Despite what the far right say,  the view and cnn always have opposing viewpoints! Always gives a good perspective!  Fox News should try it!
Have either of you stopped to think about why NFL players kneel? Perhaps your previliged life doesn't allow.
Mr Chump needs his 7 iron, please go get it.
I thought you were a veteran?  Trumps balls during golf while he wants to take away the 1st Am. Traitor, thats how history will remember
Shut up @LindseyGrahamSC . No one wants to hear ur lips flap. Go have ur secret mtgs to take away our health care. That’s all you do anyway.
She certainly does!! FANTASTIC!
been watching you all week since you left ON because such a fan of yours. Doing a terrific job representing conservative voices  thank you
You and your husband John?
How can you stand against America's best interest in support of a Dotard?  What is wrong with Republicans who sell out their own Country?
Did her father tell you to say that miss Lindsey?
