I highly doubt Senator Graham will ever win reelection in conservative SC. Why not focus on winning "War on Terror"? Highest EVER DOW? JOBS?
True! But it's up to us to find good primary challengers for RINOs like Lindsey Graham. Otherwise they win by default. How about it America?
Like TREY GOWDY, also from SC.
Yes, Gohmert & Cotton are great patriots
We have a great "core" of true patriots. Need to support them. Let RINO "Establishment" know we won't let them railroad true conservatives!
AMEN!!!
You and the others @GOP ran on the promise of a FULL REPEAL! 2018 you will not lie to #WeThePeople promise you will be voted out
You just want to repeal it bc it's @BarackObama legacy. Let's fix the #ACA and actually make healthcare work for the people not insurance
Obamacare is not a legacy. It is a tax payer extortion.
And the GOP plan is a tax break to billionaires. Doesn't help the small people like yourself.
Sigh. Who do you think pays over 60% of the taxes collected in this country? Billionaires. They deserve a break.
Second, do you know that something like the top .1% has more money than the bottom 99.9% of our country? So no, the ultra wealthy do not ...
Pay their fair share in taxes. Third, the ultra rich have plenty of ways to skirt around taxes. Take your boy @realDonaldTrump for example..
On his PA golf course, he has goats so that he can utilize a tax break that "farmers" get. So stop this false belief that the rich pay....
Here is an idea: don't punish cancer survivors like me from getting affordable care, don't take healthcare from millions of citizens.
Those millions who can get a job? Or those made up millions who already can't afford Obamacare? My husband is a heart pt and we pay our own.
I pay mine too. Nice to have availability since I was denied ins for 16 yrs before Ocare. We all have a story. Best to focus on your own one
I am focused on MINE. ME not having to pay for YOU and the other 300 million people in this country.
No one pays for me but me. It's the structure of the law that allows for me to have insurance not the subsidies.
2 Everyone else. I am not against everyone having healthcare. I am against having to foot the bill for it.
Social security, Medicare through taxes. There is no escaping that. We need to make sure health care, affordable healthcare, is available (3
It is at every single health department in every county in every state in this country. Most of the time it's FREE.
FAKE NEWS and a FAKE REPUBLICAN
PLZ consider working with Dems..this bill is Paul Ryan tax cuts..back to health care via ER..this is NOT reform..death for poor/seniors
@LindseyGrahamSC instead of wasting time on camera get in a room with GOP & REPEAL OCare Working class are HURTING & NEED results u promised
@Morning_Joe @NancyPelosi better yet talk about trump COLLUSION AND SECURITY CLEARANCE PROTOCOL AND WHY DOES HE STILL HAVE ONE
Just repeal.  Then the democrats will definitely help with new legislation after that.
You don't have any ideas.
Dump everything @SenTedCruz proposes.  He's the last person you should trust with healthcare decisions.
Afraid this bill isn't better care, still government care. Can't tell the Dems from Repubs w/few exceptions. We want Obamacare repealed now.
Traitor
Don't forget your choices affect people ...it's not about winning it's about helping others
REJECT #TrumpCare! Work 4 the people & not special interest & 1%, VOTE NO!
New Healthcare plan still sucks! Vote NO!
#NoRepealNoReplace
Ideas what the hell have you been doing for 7yrs in case this day came get this you represent our state when your up for reelection vote out


I'll be meeting all my democratic colleagues there. We all love CNN Tonight I'll be having drinks with nancy Pelosi
As one of the FEW GOP MOC that still hasn't lost their mind and chased DT down the rabbit hole of corruption, THANK YOU! Country over party!
Going to your liberal friends at the CorruptNewsNetwork? I'll watch cartoons before CNN
Fake politicians talk to fake news
You're meeting with your peeps? I'm sure they love that your a fake Republican! 
Why do you people keep granting CNN time, it's fake news.  Oh yes, almost forgot. "Bulgaria - Silk Way Airlines - Diplomatic Immunity"
I don't like Obama, Trump or you but I think repealing ACA just to stick it to Obama is wrong. Fix it with Dems and move on to fixing Trump!
DISASTER THUS FAR!!!
Once again, you fiddle while the USA burns.What on earth are you guys doing? Rippin apart the poor, enrich the wealthy & Bless Potus& Russia
Why don't you stay there!!!!!
The new bill still cripples Medicaid and introduces more opportunities for mismanagement of funds. It's really irresponsible.
You need to fix the ACA. GOP is lying about it failing.Might be in red states but they made too many opt outs. Medicaid expansion will help.
Of course you will. MSNBC next?
do you have my money i gave you
Work with Dems to make changes in ACA to improve it or go to Single Payer.
THE SENATE & CONGRESS SECRETLY VOTED FOR THEMSELVES A NO PAY HEALTHCARE.. PLUS A RETIREMENT SLUSH FUND.. GIVE US THAT .. PROBLEM SOLVED..
Small biz needs associations to group us for a rate that
.. rates because of customer base,will be lowered.Please get Senate to give small biz rates we can afford
Why not look at the Romneycare in Massachusetts?
Any ideas on impeachment? Treason? Crimes against humanity?
Lindsay Graham fits perfectly into "Fake Fraud News"by going on CNN (Clinton News Network). THIS TRAITOR REPUBLICAN RINO   NEEDS TO RETIRE!!
Please continue to fund Planned Parenthood.
Single Payer, please.
Bipartisanship is what we desire & expect.
You mean you're unhealthy bill! ￼
As your constituent, focus on HEATHCARE not taxes. Reform administration fees, support the exchanges, drive enrollment. ACA will work
Giant asteroid solves all matters associated with healthcare. It solves all problems on Earth. Problem solver.
Concerns with GDP, economies, and stock & futures markets? No worries. Giant asteroid alleviates all of those concerns. It solves problems.
There are many problem solvers in the heavens. Just let them solve your problems. 

Magnetopause takes big hit.
Otherwise, I really don't believe you people wish for your problems to be solved. You wish for them to linger, and to be manipulated.
This plan makes sense.The states have more power, not penalizing them politically by the govt., patients have more say in their care.
I have an idea. Start over. Or, here's another: fix the ACA.

JUST SAY NO!!!!!!!!!!!
Really?  Ideas after having years of saying repeal and replace?  Your still having ideas @LindseyGrahamSC
I remember when you first started to show he had a glow of happiness amazing how ushing hate everydaymakes you look miserable everyday
Kate who is cutting the arms of your dresses we get it u sexy
How about answering the allegations about you and McCain?  Bulgarian factory u 2 own.
SINGLE PAYER, PLEASE!!!
And if not Single Payer, please expand Medicaid.
I have an idea!   Circular file the repeal/replace idiotic plan and do what should have bn done in the 1st place!   FIX ACA, scrap AHCA POS!
comes great responsibility @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorTimScott
When your time be better spent getting this traitor out of the White House that you and your party supported for president
work together for the good of the people. isnt this what you were elected to do @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr or have you forgotten with power
Please run for President, sir. I will vote for you. Sincerely, A registered democrat.
I'm sure you & CNN get along great!  All phony
we deserve to be represented. this mess is a mess ramming it through without hearings is wrong & you know it. please do the right thing 4 us
Will it be about #HealthcareReform or #InsuranceReform ??
there in washington. remember this is about healthcare for all and not a means for re-election. we ALL are Americans and taxpayers.
Here's an idea:  Work with Democrats on fixing the ACA and abandoned the doomed GOP legislation. #DumpTrumpCare
Are you ready to be a hero for America?  Are you the 1 gop who will call out trump & his treasonous administration. Americans need you
senator Graham as one of your constituents please do the right thing and take a step back of the healthcare bill. unity is something lacking
Really. You think CNN gives a s*** about what you say about health care. They have their own agenda and that's to obstruct the president.
I have an idea. Resign and be a CNN host. Thanks for bringing up the Ukraine for 30 seconds and Donald Trump Jr for the rest of your time.
I won't be watching anything on CNN they are #CNNBlackmail fake news. Please stay away from them for anything.
How about speaking about treason? Traitors in the WH? Articles of impeachment? Don't have to wait for Mueller to finish. Plenty to go around
Stop supporting the insurance companies. they make 15+ billion dollars/year off healthcare. It's time the system worked for the people #ACA
Can't watch. Your POV is 2 painful & self serving. And you know it. U have an agenda & found a way 2 get airtime. Shame on You!  I voted HRC
You were embarrassing yesterday with sound bite questions to Mr. Wray.  SC will vote you out for that & refusal to 100% repeal 0bamacare. 
I have an idea-- Bipartisan cooperation to save #ACA and take America to SINGLE PAYER. #VoteNoBCRA #NoToKillerBill #TrumpcareKills
One would imagine that Mr Graham is very comfortable on CNN. Make sure you get your anti-Trump instructions from McCain before air
Time for country over party. Show us how the Senate should work: compromise, bipartisan, and improving gov't. #NoBCRA
How about Trump reform. I care about lot more about that right now.
Great @LindseyGrahamSC I know you want to #KeepKidsCovered All of your @SC_AAP constituents and @AmerAcadPeds agrees! #DontCapMyCare

Into the lions  den with the #FraudNewsCNN
If you pathetic lying useless American Servants would have crossed the aisle you wouldn't be her right now. So your failure will be orgasmic
Let's keep it  you've been going to the plate to try & restore face for the Republicans. Get #45 BOGUS POTUS out and start fresh.
I got an idea. Get government OUT of healthcare.
Hate to tell you Lindsey they just want you to trash Trump, wait and see
The @GOP that are the real democrats and pushing the Dems agenda will be voted out

The lack of a comma after, "onboard," really changes the meaning of that message. Lol.
Hopefully all democrats and independents are already "onboard" and hopefully their are republicans that feel the same as the left on this.
I was making a grammar joke.
Of course you are going to be on @CNN that's where all Dems go for a good time and ur no conservative that's for sure!!
Something tells me it will just be fomenting about Russia
Lindsay Graham I am a staunch democratic as you are republican but I thank GOD you are first! You have my vote sir!! #Guts
Won't be watching you on that fake news channel.
Remember, the ACA is great healthcare. Just FIX IT !!!
Lindsey Graham is a true democrat posing as a Republican
Try real hard not to be a seditious back stabbing traitor to your president and your country.
Healthcare plan should include an option NOT to buy with NO penalty,  Place restrictions on Big Phar, insurance companies.  Start there 1st
Here's an idea: How about you work on tweaking what "may" need tweaking with ACA & put people & country 1st instead of your party & wallet
Work with house Dems. Show this country that 2 parties can come together & make things work for the people & for this country
Let's get rid of government healthcare altogether.
Lindsey Graham is a schmuck is a turncoat to the Republican Party and a disgrace
That's about right fake republican senator goes on #FakeNewsMedia #CNNFakeNews
How about ideas for impeachment. Got any of those?
Baseline single-payer. Pay 20% of cost of healthcare up to $1,000 per year & current premiums go to system. #medicare4all
I can't watch Cnn anymore--they clearly biased in their cover, dissapointing used to be a big fan -- Why not go on Fox  also
Repeal and replace. You've had 7 yrs to get your act together.
@HillaryClinton has a workable, economically feasible, compassionate plan ready to implement. Just do it. Quick, easy, and you'll be a hero.
I want you and McCain to resign,@LindseyGrahamSC
You had 8 years to come up with ideas.
Regulate the insurance co and big pharma, and when you can accomplish that,  create a new bill for healthcare
Here's a crazy idea: focus on healthcare for our Vets, our poorer Seniors, and ALL children... NOT, rolling back taxes on the elite!
Please be the one to include the Democrats from the start. Start the bipartisan work to make our healthcare system work for all.
traitor of the president
Here's a thought. Do something about the traitors in the White House.
You mean the leakers. I agree they should all be prosecuted. But we know you are believing fake news already.
We want to hear about Russia! I voted for you!
Can't wait Lyin' Lindsey! I am sure it will be a shite filled fun fest! Oh wait you said you had ideas? Let me grab some snacks for this...
Kate - Tell him that SC does NOT want BRCA or any other  new proposal.  Work with a bipartisan team to improve ACA!
Here's an idea: Single payer, universal healthcare for all Americans. Let's join the rest of the civilized world!
Please provide a SINGLE EXAMPLE in which this plan has been successful, take your time.
I have a idea Obamacare is working don't do anything
Working for who. It is not for me. My premiums doubled and deduct. is unuseable. But yeah its working. Whatever.
#Obamacare?
Here is a good idea: Congress has to br bound to the same healthcare policies as us regular folk
You and @SenJohnMcCain sensed to go 
We need term limits 
What are you two hiding from the American people
I was with you until you gave the FBI nominee your full support knowing full well he is dirty like the rest of the repubs in power!
He's all talk and no action. Another spineless Republican willing to give us up to Russia.
Exactly. We need to agree enough that there are present issues or no changes will happen. Trump followers are delusional just like daddy! HA
You were never with him to begin with. So quit lying already.
We don't talk to cowards with blank faces and empty brains, now run along before you get blocked!
LMAO you are so funny. It might surprise you but this coward served in the Corps proudly. I get it you know your lying and this is your cver
Cover has an O in it. Like I said, dumb ex- corps member. Get off my page! #blocked
