Accusation on Obama Wire Tap is RIDICULOUS! The story comes from INFO WARS. It is an embarrassment that you would repeat it
One day u might shock the world and ACTUALLY support @POTUS @realDonaldTrump

Until then u should stop telling ppl ur a #Patriotic #American
Really? Support Trump Working with Putin GET REAL!!
I am watching on TV! I am disabled & on Medicare! I love my insurance plan under Obamacare! Please don't repeal it! Fix it
Obamacare is separate from Medicare. When my husband lost his job $2000/month for Obamacare. Can't afford.
Don't agree with you on most issues, but good for you to get out there and take the heat.  #ReleaseYourTaxes
it was also insulting that you attempt to reframe the question as an attack against the FBI
your answer to the question about police brutality was incredibly disingenuous.
You have hurt us...your own party. Democrats protect their representatives no matter what...even lie for them.
disgusting  and condescending display against Trump ..what a betrayal to our party and our prez
you need to split with the GOP and refuse to caucus with them until the move ahead with legitimate investigations
talk to your colleagues from Maine and Alaska while you are at it
U are despicable, trader.
Happy to hear that the Clemson folks saw through you and booed. Run as a Democrat next time or don't run at all!
Its not about Putin. We know he's bad. Its about calling out Trumps ties to Putin
there are none! Every investigation, which there have been many, has turned up nothing!!!!
FBI cleared Trump campaign last year
when she was clearly referencing local law enforcement.
Karma will take care of u.
he was likely colluding w/Russia....of course they should tap his phones
You are the best!  I agree with you 20% of the time, but wish you were our POTUS.  Keep up ur good (and sometimes bad) work
I'm pleased at your candor. You're not hiding from tough questions. I'm still scared to death of the current admin.
Me too.....there is no doubt we are on shaky waters with this new leader....
we need the same transparency from POTUS who seems to be the master of distraction at the moment.
Transparency Trump only promises that to Putin
Anericans want to see Trump taxes & review financial conflict interests. He promised during election-hold him to his word.
do something fast, Trump, Taxes, save ACA, Bring honor back to govt
@TGowdySC
@SenatorBurr @SenTomCotton @RepRickCrawford @StuPolitics @JohnCornyn. 
Good Day...
Pres. Trump is telling truth>>
Re: Wiretap...>>
When I/Others private Americans became targeted 4 speaking against him....I/Others private Americans>>
Thank you for holding this Town Hall even amongst those who vehemently disagree with you! Democracy!
we're not a democracy we're a republic
Actually,both.We are a representative democracy,constitutional dem,&const. republic.Thx
no we're a republic
Graham says "Maybe If we push this right wing Conspiracy BS Americans will forget Trump working with Putin"
don't be so reluctant hanging on 2 Trump, you  would be paving wayPence real Republican could bring honor back to the party
with all respect, plenty of reason (RUSSIA??) to subpoena rump's taxes! What's he hiding? Put country over party
Hint if you value anytime you may have left as a Senator, don't  acknowledge 45's outrage with a maybe. Makes you look nuts
Commend Sen.Graham facing his Constituents,listen to concerns.R's must learn how to respond to hostile audiences better.
This is the one where your constituents booed you for agreeing w/Trump. What does that tell you? Anyone? Anyone? Bueller?
I know you and your colleagues have better things to do than run after another shiny object from @realDonaldTrump
Well done! Now work on the 25th Amendment for the mad man in the WH ranting on twitter, then he goes off to play golf (again) today!
Had to leave after 30 mins.  Those Liberals were just nasty people.
The best way you can help #POTUS is to quit pretending his actions are rational. #DoYourJob #SessionsLied #Russiatrump
Senator Graham, THANK YOU for your hard work! 
Following you on #MSNBC, thank you for your reasoned approach. Our country needs patriots not partisans now more than ever
Have you considered joining @VetsAgainstTrump ?
Oops, I meant @Vets_Vs_Trump .
https://www.operationveracity.com/trump-scam/trumpinc.html …
hey Conservative followers! Watch him laugh and mock his own people. CONSERVATIVE OR LIBERAL? YOU JUDGE!
Can't believe you ppl aren't concerned about Obama! REMEMBER..he tapped Merkels cell Obama tapped James Rosens PARENTS home
Making a joke about Our Pres like you did was so tasteless! If Obama did tap Trump Tower you nd to apologize for ur actions
What is wrong with you?! You are so disrespectful to our Pres The Pres that Amer ppl VOTED FOR! Makes you look jealous!
McCain and Graham. All obstruction, all the time. The President is wise to not share a thing with you two Bozo's.
dear God! You are horrible! That is how you support the @POTUS, but maligning him to the American peolple! R u a democrat?
Thank you Senator- u are an honorable man and I'm an Independent voter. U are honest and really representing the people!
How could you dignify Trumps accusation.POTUS can not order a wiretap.Your job is to set the record straight not endorse DT
Shame on you Graham. YOU know NO POTUS can order a wiretap. Say so. You know he's talking about DOJ/FBI FISA warrant.
What you need to get to the bottom of is Trump's INSANITY, called Delusional Disorder, grandiose type (DSM5). #IMPEACHNOW
you are so disappointing.  I used to like you, but you truly are a traitor to your party and the people who believed in you
Other side of the isle, but I appreciate your candor & ability to listen.
Thank you for your clear-eyed antidote for Republican puppets of Trump.Russia hacked our election, people! How is that ok?
Elections matter-Those that are undisturbed by Russia & Comey matter the most-just not to Repugs-not a fair win u dolt!
how long have u been giving our aecrets to russians??
however, you need to get your guy in check and stop with the tweeting.
I am a democrat that respects you and your judgement.  Thank you for the class you bring.
Even though i don't agree w/ your politics at least you had the integrity to go to a town hall meeting.
All you can do is try your best.
,@LindseyGrahamSC did you actually say "if you felt there was a reason to subpoena @realDonaldTrump's tax returns you would"? #Doyourjob
Your job is to help the American people not the GOP!!!! Get to work!
Are you a Russian, mole/spy?  Your Russian contacts very frequent.
all the commies that showed up should remember the Constitution doesn't say anything about providing health insurance!
"over my dead body" Sure. Sound like you'll challenge if you don't like. But you will always like in the end. Pattern here
@CNN @MSNBC @SenJohnMcCain @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @SpeakerRyan Commend L.Graham for facing his Constituents, unlike R's.
Can any pro American "conservative" in SC explain to me with logic why they support this open border piece of shit? Any1?
we probably agree on little ideologically but I respect your willingness to hold town halls...unlike cowardly @JeffFlake
Protecting Trump will bring you down with him.
not all people who disagree are democrats, there are many more...by we are all Americans and have the right to be heard
sir I don't like you bc if your insanity about russia.  But I'm sry you had to deal with so many communist this morning
#Trumprussia stay focused
hero
Wow, if you kick out people for being rude...will you kick out @POTUS ?
Please talk to little Marco and convince him to stop hiding. #RubioMarco
I cannot believe how destructive you are to the RNC. Shame
If people elect the president based on who they most wanna have a beer with, how was it not you?
First, kudos for having balls to hold TH, unlike Utah GOP delegation.  Now, stand up for the USA and do your job.
Very worried that Trump is accusing Obama of something illegal but right with everyone accusing his parties' President.
Get on with it and declare yourself a democrat.
I don't agree with you on much but thank you for standing in front of a hostile crowd and taking questions.  Country before party!  #courage
1978. Law. Only DOJ can obtain a warrant. It's to protect us from people like Trump. Aren't you a lawyer ffs?
Please do your job. Trump is not R party. You can be a conservative and still be concerned about the man himself.
Ms. Lindsey Graham bet on the wrong man. Obama has been exposed as the criminal he always has been. Graham is a traitor.
Thanks for a great town hall. This #Canadian needs everyone to know the world is watching. (...and go @SCStingrays !)
Mr. Less than 1% w/@SenJohnMcCain https://heatst.com/world/exclusive-fbi-granted-fisa-warrant-covering-trump-camps-ties-to-russia/ …
Hey Wake Up !! Remember @JamesRosenFNC & @AP I am sick of U eating our own at all times. Siding w/Liberals at all costs
Remember: 

2018  2020 

@LindseyGrahamSC supports Trump and REFUSES an Independent Commission into Russia.

What are they hiding?
Thank you Sen. Graham. Clemson Alum and GA resident, but you and Sen. McCain are greatly appreciated
I give up on you sir.  The Russians hacking our election and potentially compromising the President is the biggest scandal.
No, the biggest scandal since Watergate is Russia & Trump team colluding to win the election. Try to focus.
please call for Trump tax returns immediately
I did and would be proud to have you as my Senator :)
or do u really want to know!
respect.  Thank you for doing what other GOPers should do.
Your constituents are request Trump's tax  returns then and only then will we know if he is in kahoots with Putin.
you just said you plan to help Trump how you plan to help him getting out of the Russian scandal
also you will not be voted back in if you do not support the people
I disagree with most (ok - nearly all) of your policies- but admire your forthright answers at Town Hall.
How long have you been a Demorat now. You sure fit in well with them. What a snake you are.
Democrat here, but I respect you for holding a town hall and being open&patient. Important for democracy. Thank you
I hope people were being polite, and I hope you gave honest answers. Too bad it was broadcast on FOX, I won't watch.
Conservative Americans are disgusted with your anti-Trump conduct. You've been terribly disrespectful.
It appears you are ready to retire. Look forward to being replaced. It is We the People who hired u & u will be fired 1/
by the same.  U & 45 were voted in by a minority-for a variety of reasons. U will lose ur seat because the majority came 2/
Please speak out about Trump's unhinged behavior. Put the oountry first please!
don't be fooled, these protesters are not your voters. Your voters want no Obama care.
Excellent job Senator! Others should learn from the path you set!
Our commander in tweet represents the @GOP. Even worse is the leader of the Free World! Please put Country before Party.
U R IRRELEVANT
I think you're great!Going to Town Hall,allow those with a different point of view to speak,shows class&care for SC voters!
U make me want 2 vomit-SORE LOSERMAN-Even SC didn't vote 4U-Quick 2 jump ship! A MAN U R NOT; NOR R U MY BROTHER IN ARMS!
Why wait for 2020 to require @POTUS tax returns?  Reasons now are #TrumpGate #TrumpRussia #TrumpOil #Republic #Collusion
thank you for being before the people.
. At least U have spine to face ur constituents.U r capable of doing right for the majority, show us U will do just that.
If you want to prove you still have your balls, get Trump's tax returns. Now. It solves everything. Lots of talk. No action
we need to see Trump Tax Returns for National Security reasons. This needs to be law for every person in government!
. Why in the dead of night did Obama fly PALLETS OF cash 12-18 billn to Iraq b/c he is SNEAKY &CAN'T B TRUSTED SO YES TO
SUBPOENA TRUMP'S TAX RETURNS  ... for conflicts of interest, for Russian business, for EMOLUMENT
reason Dems are stronger is because they circle the wagons protect their own.  They don't throw colleagues to the sharks.
@POTUS @WhiteHouse @GOP  I wonder what you're hiding Lindsey. So far Trump has been right about everything. U need to go!!!
You need to impeached.  Shame on you, leave Trump alone.  Spoil sport.  He beat you, get over it.
Not a Rep. You r my idol senator! Appl for showing up 2 town hall. Bless you @alycia_barnard our @marcorubio  chicken shit!
sick RINO pick a lane!
.@LindseyGrahamSC Says of #TrumpRussia investigation, " We have to get it right." means preserving GOP power as President is impeached
You are pathetic, Falling for Trump Lies Trump wiretaps his guests at Mar A Lago
Crazy!!!! So if he did it now he would no who the leakers are. Prob 2 smart 4 him on burner  
Finally-someone with common sense
Trump is no stranger GOP wiretapping
Im sure that crowd was stacked with liberal opposition not single question was asked by a conservative which is SC majority
That was good.
thank you for holding a #townhall and being open to learn from and communicate with your constituents.
We are under attack by the Russians and Trump Admin.  Republican house and senate are covering up.
Any idiot would know that all you have to do to spy on Trump is archive page 6 of the @newyorkpost
I enjoyed your sarcasm about the wire tap but you know it's all deflection. Putin' puppet is feeling the heat .
THANK YOU for putting country over party. Hey,  @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP take a good look at someone who does it right.
Do you not realize you represent ALL SC citizens, not just Republicans?
Thank you for showing up,but you took an oath to defend the US CONSTITUTION and its LAWS no mater who is president.
you are a traitor speaking to your democrap friends! Resign. You should be worried about your job
Stop insinuating Obama did something illegal. U will look like fool in the end when it's revealed Trump colluded w Russia
Please do something about his deranged tweets! The world is watching him come unhinged. Take action now!  Please.
Ssomeone needs to disable @realDonaldTrump Twitter! He's a lunatic imploding US making us a laughing stock!
maybe yours should be disabled...
Well done aside from calling constituents poor losers.
remember they confiscated the phones 2find leak they might know something u don't,give them the benifit he's usually right
proud to have you at Clemson - you faced your people - you have guts!
thank you for doing your job and letting the people speak. #grownups #wecanhavedifferences
He is doing a great job of holding his own against shouting. He keeps answering questions . Proud of him for speaking.
Us Republicans have no problem taking down another Republican who we feel is a traitor and that would be you Lindsey! @GOP
wow. They are pissed! Good for the people of Your state... Listen to them.
wouldn't walk next door to see u traitor!!
as a lifelong democratic, thanks for non a partisan approach when it comes to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Good for you doing this!! That took a lot of guts. You are one of my favorite Republicans (sorry....I'm Canadian).
BTW, critiquing Israeli gov is NOT antisemitic the same way criticizing Trump is not antiAmerican.U R just propagating lies
can we see this kind of commitment with the possible #Russia ties? That would debunk a lot of concerned Americans dubiety!
Hmmm which do you think, Obama honest or trump honest-which one is constitutional lawyer? Really Lindsey, Really?
Note a 3rd reason for concern re: wiretapping...that @POTUS is making this up.
deflection. This guy is mentally unstable. It's like a nightmare you can't wake up from.
Larger companies know that in order to be competitive they need to offer these benefits....that is a false scare tactic
It figures, you are in office and don't know how your own government works. No wiretaps. Not very bright.
nice touch
