Proud to support @lindseygrahamSC @billcassidy bill that would provide better health care for Missourians http://bit.ly/2ya7Kpw  (1/2)
Block grants have never worked out well
32 million no insurance have u had it scored probably not I wouldn't want my name on a death bill and your proud of this POS bill
The only good use out of your  bill is for wiping your ass and flushing down the toilet to actually think you where a decent human being ugh
Not as well as under ACA. Fix ACA!
Well the Senator in Missouri needs to unseat he call this a good for his state stupid man
heinous #trumpcare3 and once again is tax cuts for wealthy while gutting regular peoples healthcare.  Stop now #saveaca defeat #trumpcare3
Your new plan will take health care away from tens of millions, so your party can give massive tax cuts to corporations and the wealthy.

If this death bill goes through your Republican Party is over I see seats in states Trump one are flipping turning blue
This plan takes healthcare away from millions. Missouri included.
How about this Graham the donor states stop paying Federal dollars to Washington keep the and use for our state
Isn't this the truth evil garbage

That's a lie. Senator we're better off if GOP just admits u don't want healthcare bill at all. Just repeal. Then we can get rid of all of u.

Sure give control to the states with a republican Governor in charge that will steal the money moron
Been through the Carolinas lately? Under long GOP rule, the infrastructure is miserable and the people feel hopeless. Time for change.
Read your freaking tweets - I think  someone has gone bat sh*t crazy--
Be aware that many of us regular people see this as an immoral bill as it allows insurance providers to PRICE OUT the sick.
Question: did ya actually write it yourselves or did the industry? Are people signing on due to merit or for the appearance of progress
Does not look so good anymore.
I'm guessing it's so great that other countries will be clamoring to follow it's example, or no?

What's going to happen in 10 years when the federal block grant is gone Medicaid gone people sick epidemic disasters did u think about that
.really think we believe u All R Blunts put together won't move this piece of crap legislation Americans deserve better
Peoples in Soko began to speak out"Moon Jae-In,Pro-North Korean,Step down(하야)or impeach Moon"2 Conservative parties will impeach him someday
It's all good, @SenSanders has a health care plan. Just vote for his instead.
So you are proud to take health care away from tens of millions so your wealthy pals can have the tax cuts you promised?
I live close my goal is that you will never return to elected office ever
Not everyone agrees.  And it was ACA that led to MO improvements. Now Graham wants to halt that.

Even though your friend McCain supports the concept he wants to do it the right way why do you think he did a thumbs down
Not really.  Missouri is way down on state health rankings, have tremendous waste in their Medicaid Rx plan, LTSS plan, I could go on.
You should be ashamed of yourself for putting your name on this crap!  Wake up, people don't want the GOP . It certainly isn't healthcare!
Why not protect all Americans unrelated to where they live? Texas wouldn't expand medicaid and won't pass along block grant $. Terrible idea
Take from the blue. Give to the red. So goes the "southern strategy" for healthcare. Take. Take. Take. You just make it worse for everybody.
Get COMEY
@BillCassidy why do you want to see less people with coverage? People will die. Not cool.
Lindsey, you are now an official enemy of the American people. You are a traitor.
ACA. Fix it don't repeal it.
BS
Keep pedaling the same horrid package. Block grants are BAD-very Bad
It's a terrible plan, please just drop it.
32 million more uninsured.
@royblunt is one of the worst senators Missouri has ever sent to Washington.
I'm having a really hard time with this bill, Senator. Reports say preexisting conditions no longer protected... is this true?
Just a joke
#Medicare4All
Please stop this. If you really care about citizens you fix what needs to be fixed instead of forcing this stupidity on all of us

So busy trying to undo what the black guy did, you spiteful, petty, little men.
No
Block grants are an invitation to corruption
I'm from Missouri and entirely unimpressed.
Wow, you're really ready to kill people to give tax cuts to the wealthy?
Hmmmm Shouldn't everyone do very well?
One more person that doesn't care about the poor and disenfranchised. Saying you are pleased to distroy millions of lives is disgusting.
You just cannot resist throwing the poor and disabled to the curb. Could it be these people don't vote Repug? Are not reelection fund donors
You obviously haven't spent much time in Missouri @LindseyGrahamSC. Hell @RoyBlunt barely visits anymore.
Jesus
@BillCassidy you found some other class clowns
We'd all be pleased if you'd  just go away. Stop.
Healthcare reform needs to be done through regular order. Stop trying to cram a bill through. We deserve better.
No support here with the little folk
Sad to see you trying to harm my family & millions of other Americans
I can't because it will take away my insurance.
Please Vote him OUT. So tired of him
#voteNO
@BillCassidy absolutely not. Your idea is as crazy as the others
Are You and the rest of congress going to live by it to?  Bet we'll never see a tweet with the answer!
Lies & more lies...will rip healthcare from millions, raise premiums, KILL PEOPLE! Stop the garbage & work to fix ACA like bipartisan group
Let us know when you get a retweet Mitch McConnell.  Hope he retweets before the next Schumer/Pelosi meeting. Time to execute.
Hey Lindy, where's you support for raises for seniors on Social Security? Get off your duff and start supporting us!!!

I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
Yet @POTUS is not gonna vote for it!
Sickening.
So now we have 3 senators that want to reduce healthcare for Americans....
@LindseyGrahamSC wants to destroy healthcare in our country. Time for single-payer healthcare! Also past time to replace him with a democrat
Except it doesn't, Senator. You're completely full of shit.  This is a plan meant to worsen health outcomes to find money for tax cuts.
If it's so good congress needs to use it too. Stop screwing us over.
Have you seen the roads in South Carolina?  The last people I would trust to fairly administer health care are SC Republicans.  Deplorable.
Your plan doesn't uplift all Americans. Fake.
#blockgrants kill because they are cut.  This is a 250 bil cut to healthcare. Ends ban on #nopreexisting and #lifetimecaps. People will die.
GCHJ is another Trump/Republican tax cut and money that supports our health insurance will phase out.
Way to go gentleman . Repeal that failure of OBama care .
No
It's great you're trying to buy votes.  ACA had Cornhusker Kickback, you have the Show-Me-the-Money bargain.  Bribes always make good policy
This is deplorable
This is what ur ill does.
How many millions will be without insurance? But wealthy get tax cuts!
Can you get any Dems to support it? 

If not, why not? Don't need another partisan plan.
Make it stop. NOT. Gonna Happen. We've seen this movie before. The sick people end up uninsured or dead. #ACA
The Case For Medicaid Block Grants
This bill is disappointing at best, Senator. We'd be forced to trust state politicians--who are in the pockets of the healthcare lobby.
Give it a rest, Senator.
Proud of another cruel, vile genocidal bill by GOP. voters will rem YOUR PRIDE
Just stop!!!!!!!
