JUST IN: Donald Trump signs executive order advancing Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines http://washex.am/2jVu55t  
NO IT IS NOT #NoDAPL NATIVE AMERICANS HAVE RTS , LAND  ENVIRONMENT WILLB DESTROYED BY #TrumpsAmerica STOCKHOLDINGIN DAPL
@dcexaminer if you and I have to differ on an issue, I guess for me this one is ok. Can't win em all.
dude, do you have any idea how often and much these pipelines leak?
As long as you're not a Native American, right?
How is it a great decision to hurt the people of Standing Rock? How is it great to hurt the planet? Please explain!
Sometimes I think you're one of the few remaining sane Republicans. Then you say stuff like this.
Actually, you're right. Last year, the Republican party went insane. It left me, I didn't leave it.
That's exactly how I feel. They betrayed us and left us behind to wonder what happened.
MANY of my mod. Republican family/friends feel betrayed by the party. We have no party now.
I felt the same. I became ashamed of my old Republican Party.
I'm not far left, neither is the entire Dem party. The center is resisting
You are just as evil as him. Hope karma bites you really soon
I applaud you sir for sometimes putting the American people ahead of Party. I am Dem, so when I hear 1 of you not spin, 
I disagree I am a concern voter and I am watching
This was great 4 who? Corporations and investors?????? What about the victims?????? Care about citizens who not investors!
not all of your constituency agrees with this attack on sacred lands
very good http://www.scout4apps.com 
Respectfully disagree. Must consider long-term environmental impact. Only one planet.
smh. very disappointing. I had hoped better from you
@dcexaminer why?
wow...I guess as long as it not affecting your life..
Trump is crazy USA must NOT neglect the environment! Think of future generations who will be left with the big mess
you shouldn't be celebrating the direct negative impact this will have on Native Americans #NoDAPL
#NOXLPIPELINE #NODAPL Listen to the people. Invest in Clean energy. Respect Native American treaties Land and Water.
have to take issue with your position on the pipeline.  While I appreciate your voice of reason we will continue to fight.
If Republican knows pres is unstable and danger to country, are they guilty of treason by not impeaching. You took an oath
This is such backward thinking. Step up, stop this before we see videos of US Nat guards shooting citizens. JUST STOP IT
@dcexaminer Agree to disagree sir
@dcexaminer Why is it a great decision? #seriously
no. It's an assault on land and disrespect to natives. Blood money.
It's a great decision only for someone making money from the pipeline. #WaterIsLife
sorry senator I do not agree with you on this one.  This will cause more damage to the environment.
we need to think of the long term effects and not just the immediate ones. The economy is doing well and has been
you will eat those words
a decision to risk polluting the waters, ignore tribal rights, and further line the pockets of the already rich.
which ever way the wind blows right Lindsey , why don't you get a pair of b...s, or get out of politics
@dcexaminer I particularly like #Trump's insistence on American steel and workers. HEAR THAT @TurnbullMalcolm ? #auspol
He's dismantling democracy. Don't you care?  At all?! You have no soul.
@dcexaminer yeah...I don't like the idea. Little lindsey.
@dcexaminer  This is an assault to our fellow countrymen, to future generations & was halted by #USACE. What don't you get?
Get on the Trump team, sir, and tell McCain to get with it.  Voters are no longer fooled.
Oh Lindsey! Foolish man.
When there's no clean water for you to drink - don't ask for mine.
I'll tell you to drink the oil
Praying the inevitable environmental disaster is a small one.
no. Unless u are a hundred percent and willing to put ur life on the line.
Graham says "I like to encourage  Trump to approve more projects that he financially benefits from"
@dcexaminer teally temp jobs long term hazard for greedy ends
@dcexaminer what's so great about temp jobs with permanent eco risk - it's not even our oil!?!
no, no it wasn't a great decision.
you spelled "catastrophic" wrong.
@dcexaminer 

The #keystone pipeline will produce 1.5 million new jobs according to @seanspicer #spicersays

@dcexaminer Great decision to put gag order on agencies. Order delegitimize election by claiming fraud!?
@dcexaminer yes! It will add DOZENS of jobs! Just what we need for the several hundred unemployed people in this country.
short term gains are worth long term costs! How about a comprehensive plan on energy and job training for displaced workers
because that would require them to legislate and find bipartisan agreement. You know work for their paycheck
no more militarized police terrorizing the Standing Rock Sioux and their allies. Constituent in 29617. #NoDAPL
@dcexaminer why?
no, actually, it wasn't. Why put private profit based on an obsolete energy source over the rights of indigenous people?
@dcexaminer You should be held criminally liable for all injuries caused by unsafe drinking water. #stoppartypolitics
for who?
just need him focus. Senator tell him:Pres I don't think you can stop bringing up dumb $h!t that detracts from awesomeness.
Why??????  Is it because the Native Americans don't deserve clean water and because we need to increase global warming.
Really bad. Hope you have set aside a lot of funds for the #cleanup.
@dcexaminer pick anything the majority of the people want and Trump over rules it.
yeah! Why not eminent domain American land for Canadian oil companies a jeopardize our environment. Screw the MO river!
Terrible decision by Trump! Think of the people who live there and the water they drink! Devastating!
in what way Senator Graham? Billions for the oil companies, kicking people off their lands. What is so great about it?
Inasmuch as it is not in your backyard
The Dakota Access Pipeline must be stopped. It is immoral and unethical. I stand with Standing Rock. #NoDAPL
@dcexaminer You have no class, no heart, and no soul. A plague on you.
@dcexaminer GOP = GAS and OIL PUPPETS
@dcexaminer What will happen when resources are used up? What about preserving the land? Clean water?
Great for you since YOUR water source is not at risk of being polluted.
What makes this a great decision?
How can you say that without waiting for the environmental impact statement?
@dcexaminer NO. Is it a good decision 2 pressure federal  agencies especially scientists 2 not communicate w/public? NO
why is it great?
@dcexaminer  No! It's not! He'll be making money on them!
@dcexaminer What do the Russians have on you Lindsey? You know this is madness. Be an AMERICAN and stand up to this nut!
NO!  No, it's NOT a good decision for PEOPLE. It IS a good decision for corporate greed!!!!
@dcexaminer we don't need these pipelines. Your cronies may, but we the people do not.
Hell no it wasn't a great decision Senator
@dcexaminer disgusting!
Bad, bad, bad. Over 220 pipeline leaks last year in the US. Why do we need another?
@dcexaminer No,sir. This was not a good decision
@dcexaminer Nice 2 know if he holds stock. Or personally benefits. But we'll never know because - no tax info. Your fault
YES it is its about time
Guess with no healthcare that oiled water will make death faster. Important for the children and elderly. Good job
"SHUT DOWN ALL WHITE PEOPLE" The new democratic battle cry!
no it wasn't! Haven't we stomped all over the Native Americans enough!?!
@dcexaminer why
@dcexaminer
I guess you have no trouble with his conflicts of interest?
@dcexaminer  Especially since it is NOT in your State.
Over one of the largest aqueducts in the area?
There's no freedom when the words of our government are lies. #savefacts #savefreedom #saveUSA
can't agree with your short sight,,,short term,,probably help that SC harbor, ,that's YOUR PORK AND BARREL
Senator, have you driven through east Texas lately? Petroleum is not our future.
@dcexaminer NO IT WASNT
@dcexaminer No, Lindsey. This was not a good thing.
you are so wrong on this
this was expected from president Trump and his cabinet, but would you explain why You think this is a great decision?
respectfully disagree, and why aren't republicans shrieking about executive overreach, as they did for Pres Obama?
@dcexaminer I hope you will continue to positively tweet when possible. Just to balance out.#maga
Tell that to the native americans this will affect.  Geez.
@dcexaminer this statement is truly misguided. Investment in clean energy would be a great decision.
@dcexaminer No, actually this is another HORRIBLE decision in what will be a very long list.
@dcexaminer Your all talk no action.Voted in Donald's cronies you know they are not the best for America. I thought U diff.
@dcexaminer it would have been if the pipeline went through South Carolina.
No, sir. We assume all the environmental risk, and that oil will end up in other countries. Only the POTUS/investors win.
Bluffing here isn't a great decision when it comes time to show our hands. Veterans will royally flush out corruption
#DAPL
It was not. His first infrastructure deal as Pres. was made with a Canadian company. How is that "America first"?
So I take it you're ok if we truck in the eventual ecological disaster to Charleston? We can dump it right in the harbor.

@dcexaminer horrible decision. A chance to stand up for protecting OUR lands, not just Native Americans
give  the President breathing room. Tell McCain to shut up.
@dcexaminer Um no, it was NOT.
@dcexaminer Great Lindsey BUT what will be done to protect Native American land and water ways and their rights Help the NA
Are you drunk?
@dcexaminer And so the GOP destruction of the environment begins.
you suck either way Graham. We all know you are a NWO left wing communist pushing for a one world commie government.
stop falling for liberal media traps you are going to get primaried out if you bash trump 1 more time you are helping Dems
@dcexaminer love commerce so much you hate people
How is this great? It puts money above the lives & rights of Native Americans. You can't be pro-life & proDAPL at same time
Disagree.
more oil is going to add to current glut, low gas prices and mass oil field unemployment.   America First is a lie.
@dcexaminer curious as to your opinion on why it's a good thing
@twright55 
It's time for you to start making some smart decisions and get on board rather than trying to work against him.
#Finally #Jobs
This is where you and I disagree. This is the beginning of many many problems down the pipeline. Remember this, own it
@dcexaminer No, sir. Absolutely horrifying. Disappointed SC citizen.
wow is all I can say...
Are you satisfied that no Trumps stand to benefit from this? How certain are you? How can citizens be sure? #ethicsmatter
Could not disagree more.  Shame on you!
it is an affront to individual property rights, the environment and most importantly to the tribes. shame!
Fine, but what about the lying?
Weird how you think more Indigenous women being assaulted is a "great decision". The fallout will be boundless.
NO NO NO
wrong
We're currently exporting crude. How will that help this country?
How will burning more fossil fuels help this country?
How will Ignoring climate change help our country?
Being rerouted back through Bismarck? Or their push to keep it out of their backyard and onto Native Amers still working?
@dcexaminer Why does Schumer act like a boil on a hemroid he shouldn't be such a pain in the ASS
What about the environmental ramifications that my kids and I will have to deal with?
hey coward, are you going to let Trump remove sanctions to help his buddy Putin? Do you have any morals at all?
How About for clean drinking water?? Oil and money are more important right?? got it spineless coward
- Yes Lindsey, soon we will all get to drink the same clean water as the folks of Flint, Michigan.
Senator Graham.  Would your opinion be the same if they were building the pipeline through low country?
@dcexaminer Nope
@dcexaminer How soon you forget.  http://time.com/4292856/south-dakota-oil-spill/ …
It's a disgusting decision. Crapping on Native Americans/destroying the environment for a few temp jobs & Trump's portfolio
@dcexaminer great for profit margins
why? Who is this good for? If it was through your back yard would it be good?
@dcexaminer No, this isn't a great decision. This is pure unadulterated greed, no matter what the cost to the environment
Sorry to see that you are taking this position backing Donald Trump.  Many citizens will fight vs this despite the GOP.
Can we assume you will work to add the amendments voted down by republicans that would actually create American jobs?
Maybe TRUMP's order isn't caused bczf his own stock sharing or EXXON's contracts:he's critically adoring  fetish: signature
@dcexaminer https://content.sierraclub.org/creative-archive/factsheet/2013/08/keystone-xl-climate-disaster-factsheet …
@dcexaminer    Booo!!  Unfollowing You
@dcexaminer maybe you could explain why?
This is a terrible decision for the environment, the need to move away from fossil fuels, & for First Nations groups. Sad!
@dcexaminer really...you've been bought and paid for.
Oh really ?
As a Christian man you should be ashamed. A hostage takeover of Native American land is inhumane & UnAmerican.
@dcexaminer how is SC going to be affected by 6' sea level rise by end of this century?
Did @realDonaldTrump allow you to say that?
@dcexaminer No, it wasn't.
You've gotta be kidding.  This man is making a mockery of our democracy.  Are you a patriot or aren't you?
@dcexaminer how much money do you receive from them or how much do you have tied up in the projects?
@dcexaminer just when I was starting to like you!!
I'm sorry, but it is time to break free from the Oil industry. Clean energy is the next great business opportunity in USA
Senator, perhaps you should learn to use sarcasm tags for clarity.
You know he didn't make that decision himself. This is not the way to move energy independence forward!
We'll have to agree to disagree on this one, Senator.
No...No it was not a great decision.
might you feel differently if it was run through your home and affecting your water supply?
@dcexaminer how many permanent jobs does it create, at the expense of ruining the environment?
We need to spend every new investment dollar in clean energy. We have the technologies, why damage the future?
Disgusting.
How so?  Give us your arguments please.
