It's a great place to do business so long as climate change, rising sea levels and oil spills don't drown out our coastal businesses.

Illegal business
@jasoninthehouse @RandPaul @jeffsessions Whats taking so long to prosecute Susan Rice? 8 mo investigation into RU/@realDonaldTrump is dumb
If S. Carolina isn't smart enough to realize transgender males don't belong in female bathrooms & locker rooms, I will never travel there!
We will b watching u ! U really need 2 put our country 1st #Gowdy 4 once.We don't want 2 see u sweating & mumbling about leaks. #Resistance
That is putting our country first
Actually, it's not.  It's a state in horrible economic shape, with dangerous roads, and is 50th among states in education.  SC is a hellhole
All because of Republican legislators like you.
You look like a Man!!
What are you going to do,about Syria?
Hey Lindsey.. Looks like u and John McCain are the only 2 honest Republicans. The rest have joined the Trump Cult 4 lak of a betr word.
Graham isn't even good enough to breathe the same air as Gowdy! Graham is a traitor
Yes You need them so you dont look so incapable of doing anything.They are a great cover for u.Kissing McCains butt is what u do best
Retire your an enemy of the people
Trey Gowdy and INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE are letting Obama off with ILLEGAL surviellance of Trump, his admin. And senators, Judges etc
Lindsey When up 4re-Election I will not vote for u, ur friendship w/McCain long time ago is reason I don't like u
@SenatorTimScott You visiting Aiken anytime soon? Or are you spending Easter back with family the next couple weeks?
And a great place for businesses to work their employees like slaves but wait this is.... NVM
Will you guys start throwing people in jail, alot of informed Americans are sick of the charade w/o justice
Why don't you get to work leak boy?  We have a russian asset in the white house.
Uh...I meant about Obama's admin abuse of power.
Thank you. I strongly hope that this kind of abuse of power will not go unpunished. I assume members of Congress were also spied on.
Another one who say the truth. Bad words. Sorry.
Gowdy is s scum bag.
Start doing business with the Freedom Caucus, or your butt will be toast next election season. We want more Constituionality. Work for US!
Someone should check if Ms. Rice searched the NSA data base for Bernie Sanders.
For who? White people?
Thank God for Trey Gowdy
God Bless You for dealing with this.  A thorn in between two roses.
I'm sure our third world roads are quite attractive to new businesses
Yup Gowdy's got an extra 10k?
Of course
Rofl.
Lindsey graham better get on the Trump train.

It's called the nuclear option. Dems are helpless babies!
Trey Gowdy or Tim Scott either one of them would make a Great Senator at least you get something done. Graham need to go 
Would some Republican or Independent, Please run against Mr Lindsey Graham he is a over bloated useless Senator who needs to go .
Nobody like a hypocrite like you Sir. Keep this in your mind "Before a Democrat or Republican you are an American" time to retire Mr.
SC will be a horrible place state pass a bill to ban abortions for rape, incest and to save life of mother.  Emotional damage for victims
I'm sure it was great & yielded plenty of intel to report to your owners.
Boo  he sucks Lindsey Graham backstabbing warmonger along with his buddy McCain but this point as a traitor
Would be better if you weren't a paid puppet of Soros!
Rotten rino
Lindsey U should stand with President and fight this democrat party control freaks - Obama administration & his ppl.
Term Limits!!!!!! For you Lindsey.
Thanks Senator Graham for getting businesses to locate and expand in SC.
Right 
Like u care
When

Ur day is coming when Karma Bites U Right In the Azz
You need new highways. Driving thru on 95 is sad
Getting together to get your narratives straight boys? See what load of shit tall tale the Horse's Ass n Chief has y'all pushing
Please retire, you are a whiner and accomplish nothing.
Yes it is a great state
Trey Gowdy should take Little Lindsey's senate seat!
#followthemoney Who is funding BLM and Antifa? Where did all the tax  go from dozens on failed EPA businesses, that have filed bankruptcy.
Excellent !!
Trey Gowdy rocks
Gorsuch !
Congress should investigate @LindseyGrahamSC for pushing false information RE 'unmasking' and see why he's stonewalling for Trump
Not false at all! Unmasking had nothing to do with #Russia, everything to do with #ObamaLegacy
It would be better if the legislature would pass the gas tax to fix roads!
MAYBE I SHOULD MOVE DOWN THERE !
You should, it's great and not so complicated as the big city's.
That explains SC's massive economy and why it is the 6th most dependent state on the federal government!
@TGowdySC & @LindseyGrahamSC are my heros! You guys rock!!
Plenty of people to discriminate against.
