as a PATHETIC EXCUSE if something is not done SOON !!!  This is bullshit !!!  I once admired you, Senator Graham...
I wouldn't listen to Fox radio or tv, even if #Putin paid me!!! Be a #PATRIOT  #CountryBeforeParty
Party over country SPINELESS LINDSEY!!!
TRAITORS:

@POTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenatorTimScott @SenateGOP @SenThomTillis @GOP @SenLarryTaylor @LindseyGrahamSC @steveknight25 @stevescalise
Whats wrong with you? Rep party is pro Russia now. Your afraid of truth. U want full disclosure, write a bill for independent investigation
War war war is all he cares about
Graham is compromised.  There's no telling how far this Russia thing goes.  These coming elections we must do the right thing, and VOTE BLUE

WHAT GROUP OF POLITICIANS HAVE EVER BETRAYED OUR COUNTRY LIKE THESE! @SenateMajLdr @marcorubio @tedcruz @SpeakerRyan @Morning_Joe #Trump 
and YOU!
Dear Graham:

A "Hit Job" is your SUPPORT of this:

 Praising Dictators who MURDER & RAPE Citizens
  on Allies who DIED defending the US
6 PLUS YEARS OBAMA SPIED, LIED, UNMASKED AMERICANS ILLEGALLY HE NEEDS TO ANSWER FOR THESE CRIMES
Hasn't Dr. Charles Bennett met with you on the dangers of Cipro? What have you done about it? @BAYERPHARMA
Why are you afraid of the truth coming out?
@FoxNews is Kremlin propaganda do an interview with American media
Hey Brian ask Lindsay if he enjoyed his meeting w/ #Bilderberg2017 subverting the will of the people. #globalistpuppet
Ive lost my faith totally in Rep party. Trump has exposed the ugly truth about the party. Ukraine, Nato, World leaders....REALLY?
Whats happened to you? Trump mocked Comey "witch hunt". You know Comey will not talk about Russia bc of active investigation. .....u afraid?
Once again, @LindseyGrahamSC is trying to head a story off at the pass ("a hit job"). He is COMPLICIT in the #trumprussiacoverup!
I'm so sick of you finding a way to NOT work for we the people. You work  harder at finding ways of not helping then the actual helping.
Oh, ur speaking on #foxnews. Never mind...
How dare trump insult our closest ally.  He is the PATHETIC EXCUSE of a so-called president.  The GOP will go down in history
I hope your meeting with pres trump discussed fighting terrorism, Muslim zealots at it again in London
No Thank You! Don't watch fox
U know Comey can only testify to unclassified discussions with Trump. Your SET up on Fox, that IF this is all we hear , it wouldnt be fair!
I wont listen to your ass kissing half baked theories you should go down with Trump when he falls.
Wtf-  Stand up to Trump !!! Get rid of him. You used to garner respect but now folks see you n Nunes are his lil' boys.
So how do you feel abt #ObamaAdminastration spying, err; unmasking you?
Anything FAUX "news" is absolute propaganda
Tantamount 2 pure lies
Why do u & GOP rely on propaganda & lies to manipulate & disseminate ?
Gonna pass, coward.
Thank you Senator for standing next to our President Trump
I find you extremely weird! When @mikeflynn was unmasked you didn't care. Now that you were unmasked you then use a megaphone. Go away!
Mr. Graham, I want to thank you for standing up for the President
Very disappointed in you, sir. Thought u were pro-country, sounding now more pro-party.
Lindsey says it was ok for Jared to start up covert espionage back channel in Russian embassy
Putin and Trump have career ending family destroying Kompromat on Lindsey.
#TRAITOR #AMERICANOTRUSSIA
Man, it must suck that you attached your whole life and career to 45. You will go down with him. SAD you put Russian interests above US.
DEM's/GOP- accept the facts that actions by DNC,HRC,Huma, AJ,Brasile , Podesta actions result in defeat. Stop playing Russian Card.B honest
Sen: Don't let Comey get away w/attacking  POTUS at Hearing. Comey  let Clinton go, blocked disclosure of Obama illegal Surveil! Get tough!!
Stop Comey's plan to attack POTUS, but allege confidentiality when testimony could support POTUS, or reveals Obama spying or phony Collusion

Seriously, i expected more from you. Like patriotism. Disappointed
He might as well say " now speaking to a box of oatmeal " on Fox radio..so disappointed in his lack of patriotism. Will never forget , SAD
I think it's about time for the GOP cover-ups and Trump enabling to stop.  The American people are ready for this investigation to move
forward.
You really suck lately, buddy.
You so so disappoint me.  Thought you were a stand up kinda guy. Letting our Country down.
But you won't mention your violation of the Logan act during the Bilderberg secret conference
Nothing worth listening to since you sold out to the commander-in-cheese. WTF?
Are you going to sit, roll over, and get a treat?
Speak as though GOD is watching your behavior & reading your tweets because he is! #Resist the HYPOCRITE & minions.
NO. NO, I won't listen to you BECAUSE YOU WON'T DO THE RIGHT THING.
Sorry no good American listens to Fox anymore
All credibility left the building with @megynkelly and @greta
#PartyOverCountry always, right Senator? You're pathetic.
When will @LindseyGrahamSC stop being a #Trump apologist and start putting country BEFORE party? #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Hey Linds! Can you plz get your party off their knees??? @GOP have become a vile party of crooks and traitors. 
Did you tell him how much you actually like Donald and how you're happy to do his bidding?
You are providing (or attempting to) cover for treason! Don't be a traitor to your country.
YouAreComplicit. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
When will you appear on something other  than fox?
Why no mention of attendance @ #Bilderberg2017 today?UR nothing but a #Traitor involved w/ #Globalists 2 take down @POTUS.We've got your #.
Well, of course you are. Your home turf.
Need investigate Clintons, Obamas , their Foundations,  and their administrations stop using fake stuff on Trump and wasting money
a good interview Mr. Graham. I appreciate your comments in support of @POTUS. So smart when you said:'anybody who's been fired gonna be MAD>
Donald is in charge of his team. He knew everything they were doing
Wow. Brian Kilmeade. Impressive.
Don't use any big words.
Anyone else starting to wonder if this guy himself is compromised?  In the last couple of weeks he's become VERY pro defending Trump/Russia
I think all Republicans knew too much and now they are vulnerable.
Sour Grapes? R u really going there?R u willing to destroy a faithful govt employee to shield a lying pres?Sad #TrumpRussia
What do people have on YOU, Senator Graham, that you run reflexive defense for Trump in Trump/Russia instead of providing OVERSIGHT?
RESIGN ANOTHER FOOL
You are an embarrassment to South Carolina
You are a traitor and we all know TICK TOCK slimeball
WHO WANTS TO LISTEN TO A TRAITOR
sc constituents counting on you to get to bottom of @POTUS Russia ties. Russia is not our friend.
Now i understand what you're pissed off about re unmasking. Everyone's assuming the wrong thing.
Sir, I used to respect the hell out of you, However it's obvious that you are taking the losing to Trump way too personal.#GetOverItPOTUSWon
Sessions and the Russians must have something on Graham, suspect it's donation related, because he's going full Russian propaganda on this.
Follow the money. The story will be told. If Comey's testimony takes Trump down there will be dancing in the streets and @GOP going to jail.
No, thanks. I might get whiplash from your constant vacillation on Trump. "I love him, I love him not, I love him, I love him not, I love hi
BTW, #Kilmeade is the same guy that said women can get a Pap smear at Walgreens on #FoxNews. Keep up the good work wasting your time.
You're all as guilty as Trump. We won't forget it.
Pass. You sold out. Your party is worth more to you than the country as a whole... but tell yourself whatever you need to sleep at night.
Quit talking. Do something right for the country and earth.
whatever Comey says happened is truth, POTUS did this hit job on himself. Don't excuse him!
Trump Radio. Is the PR in return for something?
Country over Putin, Remember the oath you took & the flag to which you serve and salute!
Really?  Brian Kilmeade?  Where all of the honest radio personalities booked?
