For 2 years now. All you've done is duck and cover politically.
Antifa members and sympathizers are now praising @LindseyGrahamSC - isn't he duty bound to denounce them?
If there was anything to denounce, which there isn't.
Exactly.  Where does this illogical madness end? I have to disavow every lunatic who likes something I say?
When it comes to lunatics on the right or left who beat cops, start fires or mow down ppl with their cars, I'm blind to other distinctions.
You delusional fuckbag. The driver was a Nazi worshipper. Left leaning pundits do not sympathize with Nazis and white supremacists.
I'm not sympathizing with anyone.  I'm pointing out Graham's logical inconsistency now that he's being praised by the lunatic left.
What do I tell her? Those images of citizens with machine guns in a town she has visited for a college tour...what do I tell her?????
You tell her she'll have dangerous work to do if she goes there-- and sign her up for women's self-defense and protest preparedness classes.
I hear ya...but we have been in the South for ten years and college is our chance to leave. This place is another country.
May others have the same opportunity that your daughter does.
Opportunity is shrinking in for most Americans. I hope we are able to move this country forward after the Trump Cabal is gone.
I think we can't afford to wait for them, nor hope someone else does the work for us. That hope gave us Trump. There is no one left but us.
We are stronger together. And it is up to us to make the changes we want to see. City by city if we must. Good wishes to you &your daughter.
Thank you...best to you, too.
What is your dear friend, McCain, saying about this? Your party and the Republic are in peril. 

TRUMP/Bannon want the Republic to dissolve.
They are doing a good job for their pal Putin.
Grow up... Your fantasy doesn't exist.. Where you been?


LOL!
Especially sinators
History is also watching you for ignoring the truth that the Alt-left that came with fire, didn't came in peace.
Especially you and the @GOP . As a Republican, I am appalled that Congress has not taken Nazi Trump out of the WH yet.
Why is that? For what?
Hi Robert! Are you my own troll/provacateur assigned to try to engage/antagonize/shut down my opinions? If so, peddle elsewhere. Cheers!
Uhhh, you follow me and comment on my shares/posts and have tried antagonizing me in the past. Then call me names. Glad to know it'll stop.
Uh if I follow U,  then that was a mistake. U will b unfollowed and as for name calling,  u seem to b the one that does that. See above.Tata
Never called you a name, other than Robert. I did ask if you were a troll, which is a fair question given the way you've addressed my posts
I will end my exchange with you as I have in the past.  Best wishes and peace be with you.
history will think we are pathetic for letting Neo Nazis run amok
you are a liar demon-crat KKK ISIS communist party invented these two repubrats are slease
You and your GOP colleagues actually have to get up off your ass and act.
Indeed it is. Not just a stupid history book but the GOD in which you all supposedly fervently believe. His hand will dole out a blow unseen
DONT WORRIE THE ELITES HAVE HISTORY WRITEN ALREADY AND YOU ARE HELPING THEM.
The #Bible says that #God created man in His own #Image and I wonder where color came from. #AllLivesMatter @AntiRacismTv @ItStopsWithMe
#ImpeachTrumpNow
President Trump, over and over called White supremacists repugnant. If u don;t want them to speak, then repeal the 1st amendment, or chg it.
That's all fine and good, but what are you actually going to DO about it?  History is watching YOU and the rest of the GOP's complacency.
But thank you!
Including you, Senator Graham. #impeach
Well spoken, Senator. Thank you for your #courage and #leadership at a time where it is so desperately needed. #TruthToPower
So far, I'm just watching you shirking your responsibility. I've demonstrated, I've called Congress, NOW YOU DO YOUR JOB!
I'm old enough to remember Rep. Lindsey Graham prosecuting the impeachment of Bill Clinton for having sex & lying about it.
And when the citizens were polled, they adamantly said let it go. Don't waste our tax dollars.  They were ignored. #ImpeachTrump
And now, support for impeachment is higher than his approval ratings and it too is ignored.
Lie

Yes, and we all know you took money from the Clinton's to fight against the people who voted for TRUMP. WE WILL REMEMBER YOU AS A TRAITOR
vote this Rino out of ofc along w/his Siamese twin Mcain
Thank you, senator We have a very dangerous, emotionally immature man in the white house. He personalizes everything & has no desire 2 unite
3) The only groups he didn't specifically name is BLM & Antifa! And they are just as hate filled and racist as the KKK, neo-nazis & white
Denounce Senator Graham! Senator, that's a joke!
Seven years of repeal and replace.  Why not now?  We are watching.
Breaking news; after 54 yrs @LindseyGrahamSC  gives his farewell speech on twitter.
RINO much?
The cowards only care about getting reelected. Nothing else. Enlist in our patriot army at http://USFREEDOMARMY.COM . Read the truth & join. 
History is watching you Senator; and history is not impressed.  Please resign your seat so a qualified representative can serve SC.
GOOD...PUT A GOOD SHOW FOR 1 & ALL....GET ME OUT OF POLITICAL PURGATORY!
So when will the @GOP do something?  It's time.
Yes and it's shameful. Censure Trump!
Stand up for our country and what has been fought for, grow some balls!
@LindseyGrahamSC As a constituent from blue voting $C01 I'll respond w Grandmas wisdom "Words without deeds is a garden full of weeds" #2018
I called ur secretary Dan Head in Mt Pleasant to build bridges. He was so abusive & left no option but to oppose ur 2018 campaign #ThanksDan
Sadly we're stuck with him till 2020. 
Your words are welcome, Senator. But words are not enough.
I don't welcome his words. They are meant only as a distraction from the fact that he will do exactly nothing. Talk is cheap, Senator.
We must absolutely welcome words of support. But it should be followed by action.
It should be.  But Graham has a history of condemning Trump & doing nothing. He's terrified of Trump's voters.
He has no morals or values as he now backs drump. #IMPEACH WE NEED AN ADULT IN THE WHITE HOUSE
Thank you for your leadership in rebuking the toxic, divisive, ill-informed, petulant behavior of @realDonaldTrump. You have my support.
History won't be kind to those Republican leaders who stood silently, Senator Graham.
2020 can't come quick enough
Does this mean that now for ONCE you will not obediently vote Trump's way?
It's watching as senators do nothing but give lip service. Action is called for. And I'm a SC voter. I expect more from you.
I am a SC voter and I am ashamed of Sen. Graham.  I expected more,,, but what I got was more swamp critter.
What did you think would happen when you elected king swamp critter? I know we love our orange in SC but we took it to far.
You, Kelly Ayotte & John McCain tried to erase Obama's history for 8 yrs, so somehow your sudden concern for history rings hollow. #impeach
History thinks you're all flipping idiots.
Senator, it's too late. History has already seen and been recorded.
2) What is UR problem? History is being torn down by racists & hate filled people & all U care about is being politically correct!
I wouldn't say all of us @LindseyGrahamSC  just y'all!
I AM FROM SC.  I will be voting for or against you.  Stand with our Pres. Trump and his agenda.  No censorship. I will watch and remember.
Lets go back and install Lindsay as Republican candidate imagine achievements with both House and Senate control. Golden opportunity wasted
Lindsey & John McCain are part of the swamp that don't want any change to our corrupt government. President Trump is a threat to them.
And History will remember you as one of the good guys
We already know what history's verdict on #Trump will be. It's the @GOP which is on trial now. 
#Complicit 
Lindsey Graham
#25thamendment

You may also add betraying his trust to dangerous domestic powers and then this describes Trump. WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR, Senator?
Your president, your party, your supporters. YOU OWN IT! #ImpeachTrump
You better believe it.
You turned into a coward and you turned on us. You now support drump and his ideology of hate and violence SHAME ON YOU
And your constituents are watching you sell your influence.
Yes, history is watching us all including you. Will you be a stateman or critic? Bashing the Pres. will not solve the problem. Man up!
Yes they are. Now stand up in the chamber and be the first in your morally crumbling party to demand impeachment.
I hope you find the courage mr Graham.
Thank you for calling out POTUS directly on his divisive remarks regarding Charlottesville. It is much appreciated!
You got that right!!!!!!
Please keep up the pressure on POTUS. He is a danger to this country and to the world. I'm a lifelong republican. Trump needs to resign.
What are you talking about? The removal of statutes guarantees there is no history
Very true. Especially the guys that wrote about the importance of the First Amendment.
We the people are  sick of the way the #President Trump is being treated. @POTUS    needs our help. You guys need to support him
History probably demands actions more than words.
Recall Lindsey Graham because he is a major ASSHOLE
#RecallLindseyGraham
Ya & wait until you read what it will say about your nonexistent backbone. Who chooses pay offs over the American & SC people! Primary SC!
And WE are watching you Republicans trying to take down our POTUS. We will not let you. https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/formally-recognize-antifa-terrorist-organization-0 …
What's it going to take for the GOP to do the right thing and get rid of our divisive , racist, Nazi coddling commander in chief?
Yes, and you must remove Trump from office. If you don't, the bloodshed that happens from white supremacists and Nazis will be on your hands
I live and vote Conservative in SC.  Will work to see L. Grahem removed from office. Would do same to McCain if lived in AZ
I'm with you 100 %
Take a stand. Break ranks. Do something, if you want history to remember you. Stop talking and oppose Trump with action.
Not too sure about this, let’s ask the source...what do you think @realDonaldTrump
Remove Trump and end this nightmare
Another long bloody nightmare will begin if he is removed.
We will not pick up arms against our countrymen...we will not allow ourselves to plunge into war, we will not fight our countrymen
Mentally impaired treasonous KKK members declaring war on the republic aren't countrymen.
Yes they are, we disagree but they are still our countrymen. We cannot be fooled into thinking they are our enemies #preservetheunion
So to be clear...you think people declaring war on the USA qualify as countrymen?  They are the same as ISIS and should be in GITMO.
good point..just don't want people to think that an armed insurrection is their only choice. Plus the national guard would win decisively
You don't need 6 tweets to say "Mr. President please Resign." Or #25thAmendmentNow or #ImpeachTrump
He doesn't have courage to act for the country. He's still trying to thread the needle. He's COMPLICIT.
None if them seem to. I keep trying though! "Evil flourishes when good men do nothing." - Edmund Burke & I will keep trying #Resist
History will also see that, even as you tweet, you're still trying to take health care away from millions and give tax breaks to the rich. 
Americans also know the GOP is just as complicit as Trump in the uprising of racist white supremacy? Bannon from Breitbart? You did nothing.
Any Congressmen Supporting Trump Owns This. Constituents Will Remember 
Any Congressmen not taking action to impeach own this. A "tough" statement IS MEANINGLESS at this point.
Something Needs To Be Done. Trump Speaks Without Thinking. Evokes Chaos, Bedlam. Our Nation Sinks Deeper Into Something We Haven't Seen.
The Repubs Believe That They Can Still Pass Their Agenda Through With Trump In Office As He Continues To Attack Everyone Via Twitter
He also is attacking our institutions with inappropriate cabinet heads, not filling critical positions, etc
I am Disgusted.
I don't Understand how Republicans just Do Nothing.
Will We Have To Wait Until 2018 when They Are Voted Out Of Office?
I feel like we need to repeat the healthcare "Indivisible" campaign now...but for Impeachment. Seriously.
Agreed.
Not GOP but impressed by LG's continued display of principal
Yes, history is watching, including Congress.  The time has long passed.  #ImpeachDonaldTrump.
Trump is incapable of fixing this. He's been a racist bigot his whole life. He doesn't know anything else.
It is congresses responsibility at this point. They either ACT or are COMPLICIT.
My daughter, a senior in high school, is afraid to go to college next year because of what happened at UVA (a school she is considering).
lol,  this is very funny

Does this have any meaning?
Not at this point. He's still playing thread the needle politics. Congress needs to ACT.
thread-the-needle. That was a new one for me. Thanks for giving me something to look up! I love that.
Just shows I've been watching waaay too much political commentary. Lol.
Back away slowly....walk toward the light....the sunset on a nice beach. LOL. I love jargon though, always have.  :)
Good advice!
It is actually the advice I give about literally anything.
Ok. Good philosophy for life then. Lol.
Yes it is and you are very late to the story. HE is the new face of the party
History isn't watching anyone. History is what you do, what you've done and recently you and your peers ain't done squat.
whats the difference between taliban destroying historical monuments that symbolize  things they disagree with and whats happening here
Thank you Mr. Senator for standing up for simply what's right. The world is watching! #Charlottesville @realDonaldTrump
Then DO something, not just talk about it.He's not only ruining your GOP, he's taking us and the world with him. Come on. Inaction=cowardice
We get it Sen. Ur a politician and you're trying to have it all. Riding a fine line. Protect us! That's your job. Quit screwing around.
For the good of our Country and the GOP please do the right thing and get Trump out!  He will only get worse!  #CountryOverParty
Yes, when will you act rather than repeat platitudes about how concerning this all is?
Denounce the Missouri State Senator who threatened to assassinate the President! History is watching.
Do something then.
The American way is not to ascribe more blame to one group in a conflict while demonizing the other. One sin cannot be greater than the otr
... I really question if you ever had balls
The American ppl have risen to the challenge. Unfortunately, the @gop has not. ONLY YOU CAN FIX THIS. REMOVE HIM. 

#25thamendment #impeach
History has its eyes on you. How long will you allow this unfit man to pollute the Presidency? He is a danger to us all.
You're not actually doing anything to hold the President accountable, we see that.
And waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting for you to DO SOMETHING. #impeachtrump #actionnotwords
@crampell yo if you cold cock you know who I will mail you a hundred bucks. Not holding my breath. You're all complicit.
Not going to happen. This is who he is.

It has been for 7 months and yet there has been silence
Please, put our country over the GOP. Begin the process of impeachment and heal our country. #ImpeachTrump
So, like, when is history going to watch the GOP initiate impeachment proceedings? History can only wait so long.
Excellent statement
Some of us a lot more than others. GOP leadership needs to wake up, theres a nut with his finger on a trigger and he has to be reeled in.
history has been watching for months @LindseyGrahamSC! where you been? country over party sir! cuz history...
#ImpeachTrump
Sir, history is watching you and other officials , as well. Please take action beyond verbal admonishments.
45 is insane! You HAVE TO DO SOMETHING
Telling speech by Alexander Stephens VP of CSA https://www.ucs.louisiana.edu/~ras2777/amgov/stephens.html …
Ridiculous tweet. Nobody is watching you - please just go away.
Yeah
USE HIS NAME. HE USED YOURS.
I'm proud of you for continually showing courage & integrity
And laughing at the foolish mistakes America is making with Trump at the  helm of a rudderless ship? Shame on the GOP!
So, GOP If this were Obama or HRC? Take DT out now! Do something! #Amendment25 Impeach the orange idiot!
HE WILL NOT CHANGE.

WE KNOW WHO HE IS. 

History is watching YOU and @GOP to see if you fix this.
Then do something besides just tweeting. Please.
Yes we are. And unless this Congress finds some spine and removes him from office, these pretty words won't matter. You will go down w/him.
Yeah. We all will.
So… what are you going to DO?
Where can I donate money to defeat this guy next time?  Who is running against him?
This is a step in the right direction, Senator. The American people deserve so much better. Let's get the articles for impeachment started.
Yes it is. Unfortunately, you and your RepubliKKKlan party are failing. #ImpeachTrump
This from the fucking guy who was part of getting him electes. That scotus worth it?
And it will judge you harshly
The world is watching in shock
And you are not looking good.
And that means what?
History is watching the GOP do nothing Mr. Graham. Checks and balances exist for a reason. Country over party. Less words, more action.
Not if Liberals have their way (so far they are), they will forever try to wash it. You can't wash history. #standup
Thank you
What will the GOP do about this? Sit back and watch us be destroyed or step in and fix this before it's too late.
Think..? History ..has decided..
And you are still on vacation. Get back to work and #Impeachtrump
Complimenting combined with pleading is NOT rebuking Senator.  Nice try but be more direct.  He's failing us all.
Stand up and stop this demented man. He is obviously mentally unstable. Be the one to show courage. Lead Repub colleagues out of this mess.
We're watching you stand by & do nothing but send out luke warm tweets asking the president to "try" not to embrace the KKK. This is on you!
Yes and we all are how corrupt Graham and McCain are....
Thank you for this thread
Meh. The world is watching y'all; history will judge you
Act. Be the Republican who saves the country. From a Democrat and a Southerner who loves this country as you do.
Gratuitous fawning to get you to act her way. Dear, it didn't work for Madonna (offering acts for vote) and sure won't work for you.
Senator, please take action and invoke the 25th amendment. Put an end to this disgraceful episode of our history before it's too late.
Senator Graham do the right thing. Call for impeachment now! Be a hero!
And it’s also watching you ....
"... all of us" didn't exclude him. Something Trump can learn from - togetherness against individuality! Unity against division
No history is just watching u - Lindsey Graham. U were a presidential candidate. You didn't win but u could have. Act like you did. RETWEET
The same people who voted Trump in as President will vote you out! !!! I love my President!!!!
if your corrupt @GOP leaders like @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr wont use their power then remove them from your leadership and do something
Yup same politicians that are scared of Trumps winning on lower illegal crossings lower food stamp recipients, more jobs , Dow up ! 
You don't have much longer to be watched you'll be at home watching!
You most of all, Senator. 
You know what you have to do.
Do it.
Especially you.....stop your RINO attention seeking and support this President.
As in Hamilton. History has its eyes on you. I thank you for some of the wonderful things you say. But it needs to be backed up with action.
History is watching YOU too buddy
Don't worry Lindsey, history is being erased and rewritten while we watch.  It will soon just be a figment of imagination of pure fiction
Listen carefully and try to follow me here. He is NOT going to do anything different. He is unfit. You know it. Get. Him. Out.
Then do something abt it!!
Thank you Senator. History is indeed watching.  Please #DoSomethingGOP !!!
Mr Graham- you are a true American - standing up to a President that doesn't know what is good for America 
And she is not impressed.
History is watching you @LindseyGrahamSC YOU need to stand up and take him down! Show us what you really stand for.
Vote against Trump then -- you put him at the Oval Office! 'remember what you said after Access Hollywood tape? History has recorded that!
WE r watching YOU #LindsayGraham How about U b the 1st to invoke #25thAmendmentNow  #GOP = amoral  #cowards #Action speaks louder than words
And history yawns and sleeps l3aving a big pool of drool.
I guess you now support local governments abrogating responsibility to protect free speech and peaceable assembly for all.
Time for the Rino Lindsey to go!!!!!your a disgrace!
@realDonaldTrump doesn't care about history. He cares about his wallet and his daddy.
True. #ImpeachTrump #DoSomethingGOP
The Present is also watching and we aren't impressed with your (GOP) complicity in this either.
Do what history requires, impeach Donald DumDum Trump
#DoSomething
history is watching YOU- stop tweeting and show some accountability for your party
The country is watching too. Thank you Senator Graham, for speaking truth to power, thereby, putting country before party.
And what will it say about you?
BRILLIANT, BIRD DICK.
Mr. Graham, please defend country over party. #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendmentNow
You better believe it.
Please -- remove him!  Please!
You especially
And you are failing miserably
And history will not speak fondly of the @GOP
Lindsey Graham: The Confederate flag is “part of who we are” in South Carolina — even if “it’s a racist symbol”   You're failing history, LG
The failure of congressional republicans to censure Trump will prove a permanent stain on the history of America.
Good it will tell how you will not say anything about B.L.M being racist, violent over election, republicans want stick together,  weak sad
GOP, especially.
Mr. Fire & Brimstone you're a national embarrassment! Why don't you just shut up! RINO's like yourself are hurting America!
Thank you for your words denouncing DJTs racist beliefs. Now, PLEASE put some actions behind those words and get him out of office.#impeach
Oh, you've made the history books alright!
Your constituents are watching you.
And so are his non-constituents
