It was a good statement, but I am disappointed that you aren't disturbed by the timing of Comey's firing. The US wants an independent inv.
Sir. Did the president see this?  Or Spicer?  Denial of this on his Tweets demonstrate delusional behavior. If not mad he's a traitor of US
Thank you for putting our country before party Senator, I have a lot of respect for you right now
#ICYMI: @POTUS @VP @GOP @WhiteHouse @Cabinet @StateDept @USAGSessions @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @Reince 
#TeamTreason #trumprussia #RussiaGOP
Man up Senator, subpoena Susan Rice to testify on the unmasking she was involved in. Spying on our citizens is dangerous & unconstitutional!
But colluding with Russians is okay. Mhmm. Got it.
If you follow facts, not fake news, Comy & Clapper (reiterated again today), there is no evidence of collusion by Trump or his staff!#FAKE
There is such irony in your profile stating that you love the Constitution while supporting a President that has no regard for it all.
So which part(s) of the constitution has President Trump violated?
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC @YouTube Did you say at the beginning, "... take this free press thing too far" ???
And told the photographers to get back into their cages. This is the direct assault on the Second Amendment. Hope @ACLU saw this.
I think they meant the 1st but I think our side needs to exercise 2nd too.
Broad Collusion in the white house. Will You #BeAPatriot&StandUp2theParty?  #IndependentInvestigation?  #SenateDithersWhileDemocracyBurns
WTF?? No mention of possible collusion between Russia and Trump campaign as one of your concerns? #coward
The "Back in your cages... you can take this free press thing too far" comment was pretty dumb. Lost my respect for you.
lost the last shred of respect I had for you today.
3- There is something very fishy,and we a smelling the stench across America. Not a Rep or Dem issue.it is about America and our country.
We all know @realDonaldTrump has major conflicts of interest. Subpoena his tax returns. Quit dragging your feet on this investigation.
You have an opportunity here to do what's right for our country.  Let's forget about the left or the right and come together as Americans!
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
Can you please push the Trump/Russia a little harder and faster so we can get the comrade out of the whitehouse please and thank you.
WE DIDN'T. We also didn't miss your partisan focus on "leaks." Flynn leaks are the ONLY reason he isn't sitting on our security council now.
@LindseyGrahamSC is now a full-fledged lying member of #RussiaGOP 
#trumprussia. Disappointing, but no surprise.
You pretend to be a friend but then betray our trust. Your opening remark made you look lile a true patriot. But it was just a facade
You are so much as hiding your partisanship over people than your colleagues.  Well, that is until something like this comes up.
Honestly, LG, if you grew the balls to go after this corrupt administration for real, you could a history book chapter level American hero.
#GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #TrumpCartel #IMPEACH #RUSSIANMADEWH
Country over party. Please push for an independent investigation.
I gave up on you awhile ago. What is your #kompromat?
The whole fucking world is going to come after us while we are mired in this bullshit. Make trump happy.
The entire @GOP is guilty of obstruction by protecting treasonous Trump
That must be why they all scurried out at once. The rats.
WAY TOO MUCH EMPHASIS ON UNMASKING -- WHICH DOESN'T ANSWER *ANY* QUESTIONS ABOUT PUTIN'S INTERFERENCE.
Good it was brought up so the public knows exactly unmaking is, hopeful every1 who watched hearing can stop bringing it  & focus on Russia
"Go back to your cages" "free press gone too far" ...can't stop thinking about  how you started the hearing with those words. Bad feeling
I'm super critical of your party and its reluctance to do the right thing again and again, but you were a real leader today. Thank you.
You need to follow the money, and Trump's taxes have to be a part of it. Keep up good work.
The degree of partisanship in these hearings is ridiculous. Nothing short of an independent investigator will do!
Thank you for your work and balanced clarification on these issues
Are you selling yourself and exploiting our democracy being hacked??
1.  Independent hearing
2. Impeach/remove him!!
we have no confidence in you #impeachtrump
It is awful that your party members are going after Ms Yates, instead of finding the true about the corruption of the trump administration.
Who orchestrated this hearing?  Evidently each one of the GOP members were coached to deflect from real issues. That much is transparent.
Leadership is doing the right thing when nobody is looking. Trump is no leader. I smell grounds for impeachment so don't let us down Senator
It's Russian interference. Not who leaked the information. The real story. #nocoverup
....why is so hard for you to wrap your brain around "unmasking"...are you that dense or just making a mtn out of a molehill!??
.....also we need to get to the bottom of Trump's conflicts of interest. Major emoluments violations!  And......
Ur priorities r wrong.  Look into Trump collusion 1st,then worry about leaks.  That should be 1st order of biz......
More then once this adm. was told that the NatSecAdv could be blackmailed by the Russians &NOTHING was done till NYTimes reported it!!
Surprised you called the hearing Russian Interference. Seems to me you thought it was a hearing on leaking and protecting @realDonaldTrump.
THANK YOU FOR DOING THIS
Seems obvious to me that someone in Trump WH was upset that no action was being taken re Flynn & leaked the story 2 force Trump's hand.
Good job for now BUT you have to keep in point-Trump Russia! TX Senators tried to discredit Ms. Yates but she much smarter & shut them down.
Okay, leaks are bad and illegal but we need to know what involvement Trump has w/Putin. Thank you for holding this hearing, good job.
Unmasking is NOT the issue. Focus on the Russian Interference. i.e. See your statement above.
Rather than the big focus on leaks the more important issue is Russia and the connections to so many trump people.
@LindseyGrahamSC you are proving to be just as corrupt as your orange dictator.  Stop it.
We all hoped you were different but you showed your and your crap parties biggest concern TRUMP WAS CAUGHT!look below NOT ONE NICE COMMENT
Have you ever thought that leaks came from WH to force Trump to fire Flynn? Seems that Trump needed a push to get rid of traitor Flynn.
Russian influence AND collusion with Americans is the issue -- not leaks, Sir!
Protecting security of Country not about leaks, sir. It's a damn good thing somebody DID leak, or we'd still have #CorruptFlynn. #LockHimUp
I believe the White House  council should be fired for his question what is it if one White House stall lies to another..
God bless you sir!!!
But your questions were NOT ABOUT RUSSIA REPUBLICANS ARE SCUM THEY CARE THEY GOT CAUGHT NOT ABOUT OUR NATION-DISTURBING BEHAVIOR TISK TISK
Your questioning strongly implies endorsement of the deceitful and seriously corrupt actions by WH. You are as solid as a soup sandwich.
It's clear independent investigation needed because the Republicans are tainted! You're covering Trumps ass! What's best for this country?
I thought you were a good guy.  Bipartisan.  Was I wrong!  You seem more concerned with the leaks and masking than with our safety.
It was good. Do not conduct yourself in a partisan way. Please stay the course, we need the truth. No partisanship.
Listening to your questions led me to believe that you are protecting Donald and his buddies
Why do we need a Supreme Court if we have DOJ Sally Yates?
Oh, shame on you! You're not worried about Flynn? She went to the WH twice in 48hrs. Country over party! Country over party! My God, man!
you seem to be more concerned about leaks than Russia interfering in our election!  That us not the right thing to do
.Are you trying to protect America, or your party? I really couldn't tell.
The GOP..a bunch of old disrespectful disgusting white guys !!! That's from a white old southern Georgia lady. You all need to go !!!!
It bothers me that you are so worried about cnvrstns being picked up in another's invstgtn. You lie down w/dogs you get up w/fleas Senator!
Nice job senator- it would be nice if your guys would stop interrupting Sally Yates though it was nice to see her squash @SenTedCruz
Why did you focus on the freaking Muslim ban and not on this freaking Russian  investigation? You're the chairman correct? #Trumprussia
He was just interviewed & said it was ok to take 18 days 2 fire Flynn.  WHAT??? No, he shouldn't have been in classified mtgs for 18 days.
Nice of you to follow the script that Bannon gave you.  How much were you paid to sellout your country? #zerointegrity #traitor
You are more worried about the leaks. If it wasn't for the WP Flynn would still be in. What I learned..the GOP doesn't work 4 the people!!!
You are not a Christian by any means. More concerned w/ who leaked info than trump breaking the law.
Why didn't anyone ask about the uranium that Hillary sold to Putin and Bill 500000 speaking fee
Because they already made fools of themselves.
You just fell into the trap. Russia spy on Americans follow politicians in DC. What does USA INTEL have to that NOTHING!
Come on Lindsey, they waited until there was a leak from the Washington Post. We need special prosecution. Impeachment.
Why harp on un masking if it was not for that WE WOULD NEVER KNOW THE TRUTH get with it please
You should be concerned abt the actual crime of Russia interference, not leaks or behavior of #Flynn.  Leaks are a distraction.
Who cares if the Trump campaign was working with the Russians?  Let's find the person who leaked the information that exposed them.  Wtf
It's having taken 18 days may be more important than you seem to think at this time. Please keep this in mind.
Hearing Chairman Graham say there's bipartisan agreement that Russia interfered in election was AMAZING!! #Trumprussia #SallyYatesIsAPatriot
You ran excellent hearing. You stepped up to work for the people.  Your GOP colleagues party politics are disgusting and only looked foolsih
Thank you
I was baffled that your focus really wasn't on Russia or Russia-Trump but on unmasking.  You can find out if you wanted to.
I am starting to believe you are compromised?
Just for your answer is that it didn't matter that it took 18 days for Flint to be fired convinced me we need an independent investigation!
DOESN'T MATTER HOW IT GOT OUT, THE RUSSIANS ARE IN OUR HOUSE..YOUR JOB 2 HANDLE IT or I'm adding you to #paulryanhumancentipede
Ms. Graham, so you are now Trump's cock holster. Ewww...
It's legal. Don't confuse unmasking with leaking.
Bahahahaha!!!!!!!!!   You don't know how unmasking works and why?????  I call BS!  U should be worried it was 18 days
Lindsey you started this with @SenJohnMcCain stop with the unmasking stuff. Concentrate on #trumprussia. Focus.
You asked them if there was a FISA warrant on 45 admin people? Why haven't you found that out by now? Doesn't your committee have the power?
This is abominable. Independent counsel!
U were terrific!
Do you even care about this country? You sounded like a Traitor today
Amazing. If the leak hadn't happened Flynn would still be in WH. Trump fired Yates to coverup collusion. Flynn only fired after leak
Really? Thought you were a Russia hawk. But let's ask about unmasking. Not so tough on Russia after all, are you? #trumprussia #weak
You are not there to get to the bottom of unmasking.This is insanity.Please do your job,be better than them: @ChuckGrassley @SenJohnKennedy
In which you lied. There WAS a finding of attempted Russian influence; you can lie all DAY and it won't change that.
You seem far more interested in the leak of info than what the Trump adm is doing to our country.
Graham: Any concerns about the Trump business interests in Russia raised? 
Clapper: Can't answer, would impact an investigation #sallyyates
Remember the @GOP loved the 702 until it outed a #Flynn for Russian asset. Democrats have been try to revise it for years
Hearings have unmasked @realdonaldtrump's incompetence? Why did @POTUS hire compromised Flynn? Did RUS own DJT over @TRUMP real estate deal?
and dont you EVER forget that !! you will be on the wrong side of history and you know it ....

Ooh, this is good!!
we will fight against this treason and collusion with the russians until the truth is known...you work for the people of this country
You care who gave info 2 @washingtonpost but where's ur passion about what Gen Flynn was doing talking to Russian Ambassador?  #fakeconcern
Now that you've asked your obligatory questions on unmasking get to the heart of the matter, which is treason. Not a good day for R's
Sen Graham, FOCUS, get to the bottom of the Russian involvement with Trump Campaign and Admin before you worry about leaking to WaPo.
will be on the wrong side of history...I know you pay zero attention to what I post...but you will hear us loud and clear...
you sir are a part of that in my mind now...shame on you and all of the GOP ... either you do the right thing or you along with the rest
.I was wrong to have faith in someone who clearly is playing a partisan game...one that you once said "my party is going batshit crazy"
focus is "who leaked" you promised us...I trusted you as a democrat ... I believed you when you said you would get to the bottom of this..
Too bad republicans are more interested in circling the wagons in full protection mode of Trump than in finding the truth about his treason
so when you say interference do you mean "who leaked" or "what flynn and the russians are doing together"? to me its the 2nd part but your
The @GOP ARE OKAY WITH RUSSIAN AGENT AT THE NATION SECURITY COUNCIL BUT HOW DARE HE GET OUTED let that sink in.
Get to the truth!!!!
GO AFTER THE RUSSIANS & AMERICAN TRAITORS NOT THE PEOPLE WHO LEAKED INFO (THOSE PEOPLE DESERVE PRAISE!).

@LindseyGrahamSC You are involved personally in #Trumprussia. We can tell by your snotty attitude. An innocent person does not act like you. 
Lindsey consumed w/leaker, I want justice for treason.  The IC caught their asses on the phone w/the Kremlin. TaDa. There's your unmasking.
How about focusing on how our election was compromised and corrupted?

Sounds like you just want to find out who leaked to the WP, you don't give a shit about the actual crime or Trump colluding with Russia.
"bums burstin' in air=presidential" tiny-handed head right up Trey Gowdy's ugly little ass! You'd like it there, GF McCain would be jealous
Sounds little you got your orders from your goofball in chief. We want to know what happened not ur distraction of how it happened
What is wrong with you?Your job 2find out connection with Russia,not being Trump's Puppet.We have serious problem,this is not time4stupidity
2 all freaking out about the unmasking questions, don't. If not asked, leaves open to attack from rt. Strategy here. Valid question (am lib)
Moving to classified setting per @ChuckGrassley is appropriate for further questions. Good on Senate for this hearing and follow-up!
DO YOU CARE ABOUT THE RUSSIAN AGENT ON NSC  #FLYNN . LEAKERS ARE THE #HEROES . WH WAS GOING TO LEt FLYNN STAY AS WE SAW FOR 18 DAYS. WTF
Leaks, leaks, emails..we get it. We need an Independ. special prosecutor. You proved it is impossible for nonpartisan hearings with ur ?'s
If you want the answer to your questions, STOP interrupting her!
You are putting party over the American people.Russian interference not being investigated is treasonous. Disgusting.
Senator Graham, is it fair to say Russian hacking of our electoral process is grave? Why do you continue to focus on leaks and unmasking?
Lindsey you are an embarrassment to women everywhere
Are u having a town hall??
I'm so ashamed I actually had some respect for you a few months ago. Don't care what bad Flynn was doing, but how they found out. REALLY???
Nobody believes you want truth. Your questions are obviously directed or targeted at a partisan opponent. Your a sad excuse for an American
Partisan republicans who confirmed all but Flynn, look like willing participants. Compromised participants. Do what's best for the country.
WHO CARES ABOUT UNMASKING!! Focus on the traitors in our WH, unless you are ALSO one?? #trumprussia #flynn
You talk a big game like you want me to investigate the truth but you're just a tool.
You care more about unmasking/leaks then you do about your GOP colleagues and Trump admin committing treason.  Disgusting.
You are so damm rude.
73% of Americans want independent investigation...we r glad info was leaked..otherwise would have continued to be covered up. What r u up 2?
Stop worrying so much about unmasking and get to the point at hand. What did Trump know and when. We demand a independent investigation
Too much focus on WaPo. Deal with that later. Get the GD traitor out of our White House NOW.
How about if you ask about how Russia hacked our democratic process? Just a thought.
We need an independent investigation now! @JohnCornyn @tedcruz @FoxNews
Let's not make believe you are trying to get answers about trump, et al, as to Russian ties.   Clear u have no interest!!!
Sir..I don't understand why you are worried about the Leaking, but not the crime...SMH..I just don't understand...
Wow. You are a straight up traitor. Seriously why more concerned about leaks than acts? Bye you
The Washington got it from Trump or Russia
Any respect I ever had for you GONE. Say you care about TrumpRussia connection then ask about the unmasking & leaks. TOTAL BULLSHIT LINDS!!!
Thank you for staying on, you are showing great character. Can't say the same of the rest if your party
You must not have watched the whole hearing. Because he was a partisan hack like the rest of his party
Is Yates going to provide her DOJ e-mail is response to Jud Watch Lawsuit!
How many lies can one senator tell?
I really hope you are not compromised, your country and your party need you. #SallyYates
You think people are going to fall for your YUGE lies, Senator?  Start packing, baby.  There's a wave coming your way. #resist #YatesHearing
I do not agree with you on many things, but you put country above party and show genuine concern for the integrity of our democracy. Thanks!
The fact that you can't stick to the topic at hand begs the question that you have something to hide #SallyYateIsAPatriot
Oh I watched.  It's about treason, not saving Republican face.  Country before party, sir.
Mic hot
How about you do your job and proof or disprove collusion between Trump campaign & Russians. For shame!!!
If you aren't ashamed of yourself for putting your butt and the GOP before us, don't seek re-election until your priorities are clear
Disappointing focus on "leaks", and unmasking. She's beyond reproach and you looked petty.
Waiting for indictments.
Probably team T, are to blame for leaking information. They did leak information to Nunes, or have you forgotten.
What is wrong with John Kennedy? He is acting stupid attacking Ms Yates. This is an investigation of Trump/Russia connection. Stop this act
We can c which road Republicans are headed down with their line of questioning. 
#TrumpsAgenda leaks& unmasking r all GOP r interested in!
It's way past time for the proof to be given out to the American people.
STOp w the Russian bs !  How many times do the Lubs have to hear Clapoer say " no involvement " !?!  Go get lying S Rice.
Why don't you get an independent counsel to investigate Russia and you can worry about leaks? Deal???
James Clapper: "The transcendent issue here is Russian interference in our elections"; unmasking & other issues are "ancillary."We know this
When will you put country over party?
Please ask Yates that if refusal to answer doesn't mean "yes" it doesn't mean "no" either.  Impt. question & needs clarification!
https://twitter.com/braddjaffy/status/861677960092319745 … just in case you thought you were in the wrong hearing
As you hear repeated questions about unmasking, leaks or Hillary Clintons emails, recall the title of this hearing. h/t @DafnaLinzer 
#IndependentCommission  The Muslim Ban!  Grassley spend his time on the Msulim Ban?! Partisans! Complicit? Where are the Patriots?
Dismissively referring2highly credibile MI6 agent who created the dossier (Chris Steele)as "some guy from England"also dismisses the dossier
Tell us what will come of your " waste of time " hearing today or any hearing I.e. Why is the IRS creep still in charge and not in jail !?!
damn it Senator, the unmasking is not the issue..a whole hell of a lot more unmasking needs to happen...#BeOneOfTheGoodGuys
