Apparently, you don't want to know.
Lindsey, I'm really disappointed in you since you dropped out of the running. Come on and step it up.
we the people deserve the truth. What are his ties to Putin? We dresser do to know!!
But, it didn't help and neither did the press. And, I'm sorry he ended up as the Repub candidate over you.
too early to make that determination Senator. Don't hedge, investigate who, how and results.
then tell us what are you suggesting!
Well, did Trump reference or misrepresent the leaks to foment anger in close swing states? 80k votes dif worth?
backing off on independent probe..thought you were one of a few with a backbone..disappointing..
what Russian hacking
About time. Shouldn't we stop hacking too? Stop fomenting treason in countries and tampering w/ their elections?
Probably not but what a crime non the less, Comey hurt it more.
let it go.  Espionage and sabotage belong in classified forums.  Unfortunate CIA and/or WH so leaky.
Bull crap.  Fight Putin and Trump
but you know it did. So did the FBI meddling. Could be the GOP next time, adding impetus to your oversight responsibility
Lindsey don't you think it's time for you to do something else you were very bad as presidential candidate.
Lindsey it's time to Shut up!
Jeb lost WAH!
No you just want to be sure that Russia is blamed so you have an enemy and can blame them when Destabilizing gov
So present your evidence to the american public and the UN for all to see.
Please muzzle GOP crazies like Ethics run-around. Trump won as moderate. No idealogues allowed. Pragmatism only
. Sanctioning Russia will prove that we are not willing to cooperate with them on world issues
it's two different issues. We all hack. That includes US. Did Russia influence my vote, NO!
Mr Graham I have always liked you, stand by your ethics can't wait to hear more about your report on Putin hacking.
Lindsey, McDonalds is hiring, don't you really believe that would be more in your league
Election aside, who knew what when. The votes R the votes-It's done. Now-did @SenateMajLdr know before? If so....
You're an ignorant coward! You know dang well that #Russia wasn't the source! #StopLyingToUs!
Show the evidence Lindsey, not sure the hold up but you guys have to bring it. thanks man.
unfollowing now because of your back peddling, back to your bullshit again.
Yes you are! Podesta emails & DNC emails only served to show collusion between MSM & democrats! Idiot
Saints preserve us! Of course not, You would never think that affected the outcome. Even Comey you wouldn't think
I know! Apparently the Trump camp is tho or they wouldn't be sooo scared of defending us I.S.O. defending Putin
I AGREE THAT PUTIN wants to undermine OUR 241 YR Democracy! CYBER Warfare is real in this Century along with EMP!
(2/2) Either case is REALITY & We NEED to protect all 325 Mil CITIZENS! WE to use Article 5 in NATO if NEED be!!!
(3/3). As for China SO Sea EXPANSION of 7 Islands, WE NEED TO launch Massive EXERCISE in Pacific-WE mean Business
thank u 4 leaving the election out of it. Russian hacking & dismissing joint agencies reports 2 confirm it=attack+treason
then what are you suggesting?@kilmeade
Backing down now? Knew we couldn't count on you to be ethical.
Please remember that you are elected by us, to represent us not the special interest or lobbyists.
Be real.  Comey and Putin influenced the election.  Don't you start lying too, like Trump.  Trump is dangerous!
mamby pamby meeley mouth putz!
although you could make the case that is exactly what happened with an assist to both conservative and msm media.
Trump won because of politicians like you, take credit where credit is due. No better than the Dems.
Then why do you continue to point fingers at them for it?
read again. He's not saying the commie bastards didn't hack,just that there's no proof of influence on outcome
There's more proof of US gov agencies influencing the elections with deceased and illegal votes than outside hacking.
But that is how it is being interpreted. You've been at this for a long time and should know better. Let new admin lead.
We will never know, but I think, deep down, we DO know the drip of Wikileaks did not help Hillary.Nor did the FBI
Of course not, that would take something you lack, testicular fortitude!
Good... keep your flap closed for awhile
You should be,that was the only purpose of it. 
It ONLY targeted Dems. Is your investigation just lip service? @kilmeade
ok, but brian kilmeade and everybody else at fox news are acting like it's partisan issue/not really the russians
Agreed. It's a national security issue. Keep fighting for us!  Putin is a danger to all of us!
Make sure the overhead footage of the Benghazi attack is preserved, POTUS Trump, will have to view it personally
Your starting point should be that everyone hacks. That is not the issue. The issue is protecting secrets.
How could Trump have beat Sen Graham for the nominee for POTUS? Great radio show this morning, guys.
Russia hacking was in favor of @realDonaldTrump . He is pro Russia.
Important distinction.

.@LindseyGrahamSC  @kilmeade It sometimes seems that the only ones really fretting about that as a possible outcome is Team @realDonaldTrump
...Why is that, I wonder? It's almost like they worry about the jig being up. @kilmeade @realDonaldTrump
The knowingly false Benghazi narrative, when Fake News, became Propaganda.
The Russian hacking=Fake News.
don't fall under the pressure now. Be an American leader.
regardless of dem or rep president, you'd be a great SOS. Just try to look past party and more holistically.
Look, you are part of the swamp.  butt
but it *did* and you know this, you just don't want to delegitimize GOP. This isn't the time for that
so u want uninformed voters? Huh interesting.
not sure how you pulled that over what I tweeted. Party before people keeps us uniformed.
even if it did hv an effect on the outcome you'd rather ppl uninformed about what was LEAKED nt hckd?
AGAIN, hope that was to @LindseyGrahamSC. Thought I just clarified that. Hacks DID have an effect.
but you know it did.  NO WAY TRUMP WINS WITHOUT HELP FROM WIKILEAKS.
You can't say one and not the other. It both! It did!
Lindsey! Why don't u act like the republican, u say u are! Americans are tired of politicians like u and McCain!
No, we aren't. We need bipartisan approach. No sane person thinks it affected votes or rigged machines
why not @realDonaldTrump used the hacked material incessantly to promote his bullshit agenda
Thank you for your service in Afghanistan and being a grown up on national security.
no
