Political Correctness doesn't run amok. Some make efforts to learn & not offend. The learning process is a mess but the effort is worthwhile
How about Hispanic guys named Jesus at high school games. Separation of church & state right? Need to ban them too so as not to offend
Build the wall, no Obamacare,  lower taxes, back the president. Stand up to dems and their lies!! SC resident.
Is this issue really worth your attention or are you pandering to your base?
What has run even MORE amuck is the @GOP starting with your King @POTUS stoking extreme division in the USA. That's something YOU can change
Thank you!!!
Stop running amuck of our country. Do what is right and not just talk or tweet about what is the right. Do better! Do your job!
Why don't you work on passing a healthcare bill that improves the quality and costs for citizens rather than complaining about PC?

That's amok, dear.
Maybe you should actually check out the real story.
Build the wall
1. Nobody disagrees. 2. Sensationalizing it for political gain only exacerbates the issue.
No one should be given credit for doing the wrong thing. ESPN made this an issue, no one else. No wonder their ratings are tanking
Shut up and do the damn job we elected you to do
Lindsey, please worry about the crazy person in the White House. Nobody cares about this.
No, you're wrong, it's not PC that amuck, it's the idiots who invent It everyday.
Given a choice, I'll take ESPN's "Political Correctness" over trump's "Political Incorrectness". And please, some spelling correctness.
#Genius
And the president you support is political incorrectness run amuck.
So what look at the top of your party he ain't republican no one knows what he is ESPN made a choice and the importance of that is what.
Yes but who cares? Don't you have bigger fish to fry? By the way, an unfit person controls our nuclear codes.
Agreed@LindseyGrahamSC!  Result of Congress allowing POTUS authority to govern while crazy. #bloodonurhands #crazymanhaslaunchcodes #Urfault
You are spineless sir
I have to agree with you there, Lindsey. I don't agree often with you, but this time, you bet. Over the top.
Focus on the pee pee tapes and melting permafrost and the fact that everyone in the govt is resigning and the world is a horrified onlooker
Instead U should be doing something about the President's horrible display last night &fact that we are in danger becuz he is unfit!
Our White House is in shambles with little global respect. Our soldiers are dying, racism is rampant and you're worried about ESPN? 
Pathetic Lindsey.  Grow a spine. We don't need u to stand up to @espn   We need u to stand up to the NAZI in the @Whitehouse #impeachTrump
Nope Lindsey, just more proof of ESPN'S leadership incompetence
And you're part of the problem when are you going to resign you are a total embarrassment to South Carolina
I think your missing the full story!  He also was okay with changing games covered to be closer to his family - get the facts!
ilu but *amok
You helped by supporting removal of statues and your insane comments 2 years ago about digging up Confederate graves. #MonumentsMatter
Not as ridiculous as some reports make it sound, @LindseyGrahamSC . Read this email from ESPN to @yashar.

https://twitter.com/yashar/status/900219648473522178 …
The changing of sports announcers by @ESPN because of their last name is Political Correctness run amuck. (2/2)
#Senator..there is much more than that how about protesters wearing a mask and carrying culbs.no more mask, backpack and weapons.crack down.
Pot meet kettle. Lindsay flops more than Al Gore's movies.
Glad to know your priorities are in order. I'm gonna print a banner w/ this tweet on it for the next election. Thanks for making this easy.
Don't you have more important things to deal with? Like stopping this hateful dictator from shutting down our government? #TrumpRallyPhoenix
Sheik Obama shut down the government & instructed government agencies to take it out on the citizens. Like kicking vets out of war memorials
Agreed, but its not going to affect much, compaired to a psychotic POTUS. That is what you should be focused on. He made plenty of
statements that need to be refuted. This ESPN issue is whataboutism at best.
I would be more concerned with Trump pardoning Arpagio..his co conspirator in Birtherism. That will perminately divide the country.
This birther movement was the beginning of the Russian propaganda used against Trump's opponents. We should have never let it stand.
http://amp.usatoday.com/story/95500958/ 
And one can tie them to Soviet/Russian spies...https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orly_Taitz 
Also Steven Seagal,  now a Russian citizen, helped Arpagio get publicity. Arpagio is a Putin Trump co conspirator, as to weaken Obama is
always a good thing to Putin, and it helps Trump's campaign and all Republicans too.
Are we attacking privately owned companies to score political points now, Lindsay? Do better.
Are you serious? Do you not acknowledge that @espn is WAYYY out of line relieving an employee just b/c of his name? That's absurd!
A senator from South Carolina has far more important things to worry about than tweeting about PC-culture to rile up the far right ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
There was no other conceivable reason for bothering to mention this in the way and medium he did.
Unless he thought it was the wrong thing to do. That's a conceivable reason.
Too bad you can't miss an opportunity to twist the truth.
so says the most political correctness flunky in Washington
*Amok. 

Did @BetsyDeVos write this tweet for you?
It is actually okay to spell it that way.
It does look like it might be a remote tribe mentioned in the Bible though. The Amokites! Lol
You seriously have time to think/tweet about this?
agreed. Senator, have we evidence it was EVER an issue?
Focus Senator...........
Lindsey can multitask people
Exactly! Way to go Lindsey, Kudos to you
I wonder how that all happened?  The bs about chv
Why don't you worry more about your bafoon  president and less about @espn which made the right call that had nothing to do with being PC
With that racist, unhinged diatribe Trump performed last night, THIS is what u take time 2 Tweet? C'mon, man! U need 2 retire. #ImpeachTrump
This is a true concern for the Senator as it shows the fringe elements of political discourse. I am glad he has a full perspective.
More to the point, it is true political and sociological insanity.
Just to be clear, no one asked for that. No one.
SENATOR, VOTE YES TO RELEASE THE SIMPSON TESTIMONY TRANSCRIPTS--RE THE STEELE DOSSIER--TO THE PUBLIC!
Lindsey, how can you support a 16 yr misguided war that your party started.Not working.Bring our troops home now.
do your research. they already addressed the issue and the fact that nobody removed him for that reason
Lindsey,no one cares what you think
I think all sides agree that was sheer stupidity....

Here is a more pressing issue
https://twitter.com/LittleMsBiddi/status/900512654728605697 …
We would all prefer that right now you focus on the fact that there is no leadership in congress with a nutjob in the WH
Maybe it was because he's Asian since the white supremacist are running amuck. By the way, Senator, are you proud of YOUR prez now?
Agreed. And it's "amok".
Ur playin w the crap of the  ream Lindsey as all libtardmod progressives do ! support trump or ur out . Period stone wall jack!!
Why don't you take care of the executive branch that's shitting on our constitution and we'll call out ESPN for this stupidity?
Hey, I actually agree with you Lindsey. It's a miracle!
Yeah our country has gone to hell in a hand basket. So you Republicans better get on the same page and make America great again.
If you and ur boys r worried about re election u guys have no confidence in urselves u got elected b4 TRUMP u will get so after him
Financial decision.
Nope Senator, it's just called stupidity!!
forget about the ESPN crap and concentrate on the USA being on FIRE..from the match lit bt POTUS,,,smh
Washington DC won't be Washington much longer.Just DC or D or hey D.A.Then I could go to DA where the DA's work.Spending DA tax dollars.
It was out of respect for #Charlottesville you schmuck! What is wrong with you!
Why haven't we heard you speak up about @POTUS rally last night?
Everyone thinks that's silly. @LindseyGrahamSC Can you please do something about 45?

Nothing on the President speech from last night though 
Man shut up  you run  scared to speak up when necessary and you need too
Yes.  Idiotic Political Correctness.  But stay focused Sen.  We have a whiny, vindictive, spoiled brat with NO impulse control as President!
What's next Mount Rushmore? It's out of control Stop The Left 
That was a stupid decision.
They thought there might be an issue, they brought it up to the announcer, he agreed and changed games. Not an issue worth commenting on.
Wow. That's like..three times this year I've agreed with you, Senator!
This is a priority for you right now?
I wouldn't be surprise if you didn't make reelection. You're a traitor and weak.
You claim to love the country then stand up to Donald Trump. Why are you so afraid?
What are your thoughts on Donald Trump?
Is this important to you?
What has this country turned into?? Come on people!!
please save  us from Trump!  he should go straight from WH to nuthouse! he is completely insane!
While I agree, were you bothered by the tirade at #phoenixtrumprally? It was by the same person you praised the day before.
Get him out, do something!!!
Agreed! And you and I so rarely do.
Please step down now and save us the trouble. of voting you out shame on you for taking Sorros bribes 
Stop the Madness
ESPN must dislike Asians.
Would not have been an issue if not for your President
We are showered with dumb and hateful ideas from the left all the time. Republicans should work together to denounce such crazy mentality.
True. What do you call it when R Senators won't stand up to a mentally unstable President? Cowardice or simple Political Hacks run amok?
Not political correctness... Stupidity.
HEY GET WITH TRUMPY HE STARTED THIS STUPID STUFF THE RACIST
I am an Independent voter, but more and more I am shocked because I find Lindsey Graham the voice of reason speaking alone in the dark.
All in Congress needs to learn from this action from ESPN
Oversight?

Nazi speaking Prez with loyalties to Russia calling for violence against US citizens.


Amen. It's gotten out of control. How embarrassing.
@LindseyGrahamSC please stay as far away from sports as possible.
Does government really need to be involved or concerned with this too?
(Insert politically expedient comment here) is how Lindsey views twitter at all times.
They had to live through that awful day. I agree dumb but they have the right to do what they want.
It is not political correctness, it is stupidity.
Just plain ignorance.
Virginia was a place where he might have a problem-
--we agree with espn--why put him thru duress with the unhinged-?
Senator, How about dealing with something more grave like a president who seems to be unhinged and dangerous?
Agreed
Hate to say this as a card-carrying liberal -- but he's right. That's wacked.
In my opinion that is plum silly. Goes way down in la la land.
Maybe. But if you'd take care of the REAL issues, it wouldn't need to go this far.
Guess Trump found something on you, huh?  You're doing a 180.
On this one, I agree.
I agree with you Senator, it's a dumb move by ESPN!
Your POTUS  Labels John McCain a traitor and wants to pardon Sheriff Joe. Do something finally
Are I watching that hypocrite bastard trump on tv now ?
You're right but you have more important issues to focus on.
Know what else has run amuck?  The jack ass in the White House.
No it's just stupid.  Has nothing to do with political correctness is has to do with just stupidity
@ESPN brass to meet in Appomattox to discuss terms of surrender.
You senators are the enabling this, someone stand up, get in the foxhole, Media now playing MHealth issue see if it sticks, where are you?
He was threatened, sir.
I hope Robert Lee sues the pants off them talk about UN American
Dumbest thing I have ever heard
If @CNN reported this story as they do @realDonaldTrump-headline would read "In racist move @ESPN ousts employee for being Asian!"
ESPN told SI they did not force Lee to change assignments and that Lee personally felt more comfortable moving to another game.
What about your president run amok ??stay on task
I do declare (fans profusely) that the word is spelled A M O K. Now sit down, have a sweet tea and think about how you're failing America.
Agree
You can say that again. This country is running amuck with the "political correctness"!
Amok
Political correctness means expressing yourself in a considerate way. This was avoiding a perceived issue so it didn't need to be addressed
Over reacting. BUT, unscripted DJT is a horror show. I literally have nightmares @ night whenever he speaks 'his truth'.
That we can agree!
Just plain stupid.
That rises to your attention? You're a senator. Quit feeding the stupid.
You know they talked to him about it and the decision was his, right?
You Ain't Kidding!!
In the overall scheme of things, so what? Yes it's dumb but you support a president that says the media doesn't love the country. Stand up!
I don't generally buy into the overblown republican PC fever, but on this you are 100% correct.
This is worth your time?
Our country is so dumb. And why is it wrong to err on the side of sensitivity instead of insensitivity?
Rather than focusing on sports you should focus on saving your own party.
...And your unwillingness to acknowledge Trump's unfitness for office and his threat to our national security is treason. #25thAmendmentNow
Government needs to rally behind the president and pass the people's initiatives, or you are fired; BOTH PARTIES-
What the hell is this Senator Graham?  If the White House did this there would be HELL TO PAY.  Double political standard nonsense!
Your president has got the entire country upside down. He is inciting violence and tearing the country apart. Speak out, this is serious.
World is ending I agree with you again Senator
I mean, duh
Political correctness would be honesty about our President  being #Unhinged and #UnfitPotus
I agree but also have you seen what is in our white house..
It's the very least of our concerns at this moment !   Please dear God you start the impeachment process !
This is but a canker on the boil you have allowed to fester in the WH.  We will remember.  The resistance lives and is growing every minute
Silly
* amok, Lindsey, not "amuck"
amuck is what you step in when your swamp is not drained
#MAGCA
Trumps fault
Why don't you know how to thread things?
Stop tweeting and get to impeaching!!!!! #25thAmendmentNow
Read the amendment - no grounds. Ridiculous
'Mentally Unhinged’: Trump’s Rambling Speech Sparks More Calls to Invoke 25th Amendment
Good luck with that.. you'll get a chance for replacement in 2024
Proverbs 26:4 "Do not answer a fool according to his folly, or you yourself will be just like him."
Cmon - weak New International Version - bring it full on King James if you're gonna bring it! "Answer not a fool according to his folly..."
Lee, Really?? Come on.  No Obamacare repeal/replace.  Build the wall. Tax relief. Sc resident.
And criticizing a private company for a decision they believe to be in their best interest is the antithesis of conservativism #FreeMarket
Who cares?
An anxiety worthy of ... Trump. Shush now, bless your heart.
I call it discrimination.
Maybe they thought that Robert E. Lee was of Asian origin? Lol.
You voted for skinny repeal lol you could have given your closest friend more cover but you chickened out.
I don't know. From where I sit, we need a major reset on our correctness.
That's not political correctness it's idiocy by @espn
Mr. Graham, can you help us get the Liberal stain out of America? #maga
You have bigger worries, bub.
Our collective insanity mirrors that of our President. Stupid move ESPN.
That's because the Presidency has run amuck. Wouldn't of been an issue if counter protestors felt the need to have a leader who isn't racist
Still waiting for @GOP to grow some balls and stand up against Trump's racism and bigotry. Last night showed it's not gonna end.
That's why the fight for social engineering is real. Need you to stand with @realDonaldTrump on this. Our way of life is under attack.
This guy should sue them for discrimination. The ESPN audience was  mostlt conservative and they are a pc group gone crazy. I don't watch.
ESPN is trash tv. I hope they get sued.
They're a private company in the free market, what are you going to do about it?
Amok
