#moron
Still all about leaks, with no regard to your president's wrongdoings and harm to the people of this country, who employ you.  Got it.
The House IC is going after the leaking and Obama domestic espionage program.  What is the Senate IC doing on that?
You're a failure
Could it be bc Comey lacks trust w your committee @LindseyGrahamSC?
Will you accept @KimDotcom offer to testify about what he knows of #sethrich @wikileaks #DNCLeaks ?

Senator your to be held accountable by the American people for your acts on healthcare 23 million losing it under a plan you supported.
upset you won't have chance to badger him for not prosecuting Hillary?...shame on you LG...Russian is our enemy, not the left!
Chrllo
I think you are certifiable Mr Graham

Should Hillary be ambassador in Libya ?
Republicans fear #Trump will expose this #BigLie government/media elites have been covering up since 9/11/2001.
the senator that goes against the Will of the people.
I believe you are a 100 percent correct on this matter @LindseyGrahamSC
#Republicans..the party that is full of traitors! It should ALWAYS BE COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY!!!!
#RussiaGOP
Plain and simple. He doesn't trust you!
I'll make you a deal, Senator. Let's take care of the possible traitors first, then we can worry about leaks, okay? Priorities.
9 months later still no proof of Russia/Trump, now we're gonna open up some can of worms you'll wish we hadn't #SethRich  #DNCleaker #Murder
You know #Priorities 
AG Lynch's role in originally dismissing @HillaryClinton probe. @potus44 should have fired her the day after the airplane meeting
We wanted an INDEPENDENT special prosecutor, which you and Republicans are still blocking.

#TRUMPLEAKS DOCUMENT LEAK:

419 docs—Trump lawsuits-contracts-leases-settlements—all legally obtained.…
We need a #SelectCommittee Senator

Do your job @SenMajLeader

Don't be an Enabler

Or even #KY & #SC won't be safe #RelectionRubberStamps
Lindsey, you and John mcshame got reservations at fire island this summer? Just Askin!
RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA! DT is the face of the republiKKKans. All roads lead 2?Russia & back 2 GOP. COMPLICIT!
@POTUS @JoeNBC @LouDobbs @RandPaul WHERE is the investigation into assassination of Seth Rich who gave DNC emails to Wikileaks, not Russia!
Support President Trump! 
will mueller investigate 500k from Russian to the Clintons, US uranium to Russia Clinton deal, the Seth Rich DNC murder.
Without the leaks to the media  you wouldn't do your job. It's about the highly illegal activities of our president! #priorities
Double standard of the GOP officials, they don't mind the crime but who said it only if affects his Political party. Shame @LindseyGrahamSC
You guys have done nothing so far, I would put my faith into the special prosecutor as well if I was Comey
"agent of chaos"
??????
The leaks are the crime WAKE UP PEOPLE THE MSM AND THE DEMONCRATS ARE TRYING TO DESTROY AMERICA!!!
I always thought you were strong on our country's image, but after seeing you out there protecting Trump as he disgraces our country. Sad!
He has his reasons! I don't believe Mr. Graham is the reason but his Republican buds are.
Still not your fault/problem, huh? It's always somebody else. When are the repubs going to take some responsibility and step up?
I agree with the statement. But how come DOJ can appoint a Special Counsel while until today there is no crime found? This is so unreal!!
@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @VP @Reince45 @Democrat_4Trump @radiotalkermike @seanhannity @AnnCoulter @tamaraleighllc @IngrahamAngle
You are a traitor. You will lose your seat come reelection. You let us and @PONTUS down while you stand with the enemy of the people.
Tell us what you think about donalds huge deal?
Why would anyone trust you?
Comey is no longer with the FBI (because he would not kiss Trump's ring), so your point about FC oversight misses the mark.
I believe you 100%about Hilary!
Come on Lindsey, Congressional Intelligence is an oxymoron
Sour grapes.  He is testifying
Judiciary lost credibility w/ ridiculous unmasking/muslim ban questions at Yates testimony. Russia attacked US & u make it partisan. Shame
Maybe he doesn't trust you to do the right thing?
Because you turned the investigation into a political shit show. I used to have respect for you.
Lindsi, heir apparent to Billy "Corrupt Midget" Bulger, return to your closet & pack fudge Barney Frank rightfully thought beneath him.
Lieberman: early onset Alzheimer’s, endorse McFrenchfry-Palin(g) ticket. Full-blown: endorse DeVos-lution institutionalized dumb-down.
Us long time Repub. will vote for DEMS in 2018/20for congress cuz of GOP LT non-support for our DT.If DT around in 2020-we vote for him
Get a life can't wait until you are gone. Take @SenJohnMcCain with you to. American spoke and you are playing right into the dems. Very sad
Comey not dumb, He don't to make it private so they cant frame him about it being in private. Comey wants witness what is being said.
senator you're splitting hairs. Your party sold itself to Russian influence. Focus on fixing it. Not this.
Understanding your committee is too political with Cruz and a few other GOP pit bulls . @SenFeinstein my Senator won't deflect.
He will lie to cover his back side...
maybe because you have lately been looking like a patsy for trump...talk but no action.
#LetCOMEYSpeakNow
Why are you surprised?  The truth is the truth .. whether it is told now or later .. in public or in private ..  and the truth will prevail
How can you approve of partisan POLITICIAN Lieberman for FBI director when last time YOU said it should be someone already in FBI?
Majority rule congress will destroy this country. It guarantees the laws will keep changing back & forth by who leads congress! #bipartisan
He's not testifying because you're a partisan hack.
You are seriously focused on the wrong issues The leaks are you real concern? We've got this telenova of presidency and leaks are the focus?
From the min. @ChuckGrassley, @tedcruz & others open their mouths it is clear that partisanship is more important than truth 2 UR committee.
We've already seen that UR comm. wants to only concentrate on leaks & how partisan it is! Thank @tedcruz & others for that. I'd avoid U 2.
why? Has he been threatend by you, congress, Russia.
You know @realDonaldTrump is already trying to undermine Mueller's investigation. Are you going to tell Trump to back off? Answer: No
You & your colleagues vote 98% w/ Trump. You're all hot-air. You're only disappointed you can't blame this Trump/@GOP made disaster on Comey
Yup you're right it's all about the leaks and not about the nut job orange dictator in the oval office that's gonna get us all killed
Given previous hearings (CSPAN), it seems Mr Comey chose 1 interested  in his testimony and less on partisan politic soap box (ala Cruz).
Focus on the investigation, worry about the leaks later. You can't try to satisfy both sides.INTEGRITY IS EVERYTHING.History will judge you!
It would be nice to actually hear from the "horses mouth".  Sick of annonymous leaks
In short, you believe Trump has a credible "side to the story" and you're more worried about leaks than the egregious missteps exposed? 
Why do u care more about who leaked what, then you care about a President obstructing justice & colluding w/ Russians to win? Curious?
Director Comey suddenly feels the need to speak. He couldn't be located two days ago.And there is a reason for the Special Counsel.
COMEY's dirty! 20+ relationship with Clintons!
Finally a voice of reason from you..knew it might be hidden somewhere
Maybe it's because there's too much focus on leaks vs the real travesties committed by POTUS team.
He should tell it once..Everyone knows politicians have a political agenda..Just another political opportunity for politician to grandstand.
You can't deflect the real issue.It's not the leaks from true patriots it's the actions of the traitors and colluders!Quit defending trump.
Better he does not not testify now. Strange that the "nut job" comment gets air time right before. Just maybe its fabricated by deep state.
It must be hard for GOP (and yourself) to have control of 3 branches of government and perform like a shitshow. #TraitorTrump
Grow a pair #impeach
You will not be able to hide the Russian ties. The American people are the ultimate jury here.
Why do you think Dir Comey will appear b4 yr committee again? Did u see what yr GOP colleagues did during yr last hearing? Shame!
Sir, I believe you and your colleagues should also ask Mr.Comey for all memos and info on HRC investigations, Lynch meeting Bill,and Bengazi
I dont blame Comey. Why answer @tedcruz stupid non-germaine questions.
Have you forgotten its entirely his choice, like when the Pres fires somebody. He appears to think Judiciary Comm isnt worth his time. ?????
You aren't a patriot, you're are a petty man concerned with your own needs. Party before country is your mantra. I pity your constituents.
Stupid people in the judicial community like Ted Cruz... support Comey decisions
These Dems will not stop until they get blood. Time to protect our President. He's innocent to the ways of politicians. feel deeply for him
@TrishDewey1 @senjudiciary AWESOME!!...
The fact your posting this non sense means your offended by the investigation! Why ? Why is trump meeting Russians in wh
Why are you so combative and irritable with leaks , if trump has colluded we need to know ,stop this offensive bullshit
So giving intel to the Russians is ok, but let's take out the people who are informing the American people what this administration is up to
Comey is smarter than trump it's why he was FBI director, who's trump a reality star !
Oh, poor you! Maybe if you and your committee weren't so petty, self-aggrandizing, and territorial, Mr Comey would come testify.
Concerned about leaks??
Your beloved president is number 1 leaking information. Be worried about the content not the leaker.
Who fucking cares
Gram KraKKa
This is why he doesn't trust you ! We are sick of all of you partisan hacks !!
Sen. Lindsey Graham: Congress should abandon Russia investigation, go back to Clinton’s emails http://thkpr.gs/bd9ebc32a78  

" Mr, #PresidentTrump We Have Your Back%"
#Michigan Voter's Impassioned Message to @POTUS
#IStandWithTrump% #AmericaIsBack#AmericaFirst 
Sorry Lindsey,U blew your chance!No more wasting Comey's time on leaks, emails & unmasking. We want answers on Russian collusion & cover-ups
What was it you said Mr Graham, "BAT SHIT CRAZY?" 
Yeah, that was it. True then, true now. You seem to disagree.
If elected officials protected American citizens FBI wouldn't have to leak and the press wouldn't have to work so hard
You *realky* expect us to believe you don't understand why there's this amount of leaking? Go take a leak.
Your lot has allowed a group of outsiders to steal the GOP and use it for their own ends. You should be leading the charge to take it back
Watch @TheLastWord & you'll hear why Senate Intelligence rather than Judiciary committee - a bunch of hacks who only want 2 ask about leaks.
Without these leakers we would still have Michael Flynn in role and Comey's dismissal would be opaque.
Shutting down leaks seems to be your main priority. Apparently you think it'd be a shame if people knew what was going on in the government.
You are focusing on leaks? Surely collusion with/influence by Putin and his henchmen should be a patriot's overriding concern.
You need to worry about the corrupt & compromised inept man in the presidency & his Russian cronies selling out the US. Not email & leaks.
Without these leaks, Americans would be in the dark and the gop would be covering up trump's treason.
Kind of makes me think if you call in a tip on an arsonist you'll be asked how you knew there was a fire.
You and the rest of the Judiciary are partisan hacks and can not be trusted.
Underlying crimes more serious than leaks. Stop enabling corrupt, incompetent admin in WH.
MSNBC pointed out that the Senate Intel committee is smaller and generally less political. Fewer senators to ask questions.
Yet you haven't bothered with your boy leaking classified info to Russia
Thank God for those leaks.  It's the only good to come out of the White House since January.
Cmon Linds it's not about the leaks if that's how we find the truth.
Give me a break - this moron is just trying to milk his 15 mins if fame - is Congress so stupid that they will believe a guy that was FIRED
@Freelassie @senjudiciary the 1 who carried plutonium 2 Russia in 2009 on Clintons order u still trust him? ProsecuteHill.
You want to ask him about LEAKS? The same complete bullshit that Trump is peddling? Do u want to ask him about Obamacare wiretapps TOO?? 
Perhaps your words on FOX about turning this back towards HRC investigation & your line of q's last time gave him a good reason to decline.
@Freelassie @senjudiciary u better stand behind Trump and get his policies Thur or u will loose your job!! R. MUEILIR named
Hey, that's Trump's line!
You should be praising the leakers not harassing them! They are protecting our democracy, which is more than I can say for you!
All you have to do is hold a Joint Hearing with the @Senjudiciary Committee..problem solved! Stop the stalling both committees 1 hearing...
I suspect 80% of your questions he'd refuse to answer anyway, sighting classified. Senate performance will be Comey selling Comey.
#NutJob
Quit the bullshitting around & get answers
WE THE PEOPLE are getting fed up 
@OPMpaul @senjudiciary
@MeghnaWBUR @senjudiciary @LindseyGrahamSC wants to walk tightrope: appear fair, criticize Trump, slacken investigation, still be important
Your statement displayed the reasons why he doesn't want to talk to you.
It's disgusting that you're concerned about the leaks in the face of everything else that we know about Trump/Russia.
You seem to be intentionally missing the point. Playing clueless doesn't work. #enjoyyourlastterm #sinkingship
Well hopefully you arent only person interested in this information. I am surprised Mueller hasnt put a halt on any testifying by Comey.
You're concerned about who's leaking in the FBI why aren't you concerned about who's leaking in the White House... you have disappointed me
This political response. #America should move beyond politics in this #russiagate
Do the math dude. Your committee is stacked with trump stooges. Including you at times which many of us find baffling. Trump is poison. Run!
Senator, please don't let us down. The content of the memos is the story, not the leaks thereof. Do your job, sir.
If Congress had authorized an independent investigation, we would not have experienced this level of leaking. The leaks have been vital.
I think your more concerned with leaks and not get to bottom of the Truth. Let's put Country before Party for once!
What have you got to hide? Why so concerned?
Your members are TOO partisan! Grassley is the worse, then Cruz, Hatch& Lee
Rs proclaim to be "Patriots." Wouldthat be for party or country?
Can you, for one minute, put country above party? Can you stop grandstanding and trying to crap on Comey's testimony? Stop being Trump's dog
Stay focused Lindsey. Sounding pretty partisan there. "Leaks" is just a deflection word. WH corruption is what you should be investigating.
BTW, what are you doing about blabber mouth DT! Calling Comey a "nut job" to Russians! What are you doing?
Why the hell should he? Nothing but GOP hacks on judiciary. Not interested in truth
SHUT UR PIEH*LE!
Very weird your focus is on leaks & not the many crimes of this madman president. Heard of outside confident?
Lindsey take your old ass and retire. We are tired
I am so glad Comey will get to testify as a citizen now! I'm thankful the truth is leaking out because Trump is crazy and you know it.
oh sister Lindsey, cry us a red, white and blue river, you prancing elite. Comey is doing right.
I think @LindseyGrahamSC is anxious not to queer a potential criminal case against parties other than potus.
Good God Lindsey, reading this make you look like you are begging Mueller to block, and make you look complicit in obstruction.
*Yawn* Goodbye girl.
Without Felt leaking, we would have had Nixon thru 1976.
Who cares about the leaks? You know who leaked the info? An American patriot did. There. I answered you're question
Hurry and pass an agenda most of the country doesn't want before the truth is on television!  History will remember your cowardice.
@JamesComeyFBI
Leaks
Leaks
Leaks
Leaks
Leaks
Leaks
Leaks
America is CRUMBLING ...
And all you @GOP care about are
Leaks
Leaks
Leaks
Leaks
Leaks
Leaks
Leaks
Leeks...for Trump supporters
