You all are do nothing republicans
Got to love ur buddy John McCain
Good old Lindsey.  Fighting the good fight for big donors, and a lunatic president. The world doesn't need all those poor and sick people.
the 274th time will be the charm. by 2048, Lindsey's disembodied head will do it.
He wasn't interested in fixing or he wouldn't have tried to torpedo the bipartisan talks about fixing it. Graham is a showboat and liar.
There is NO good fight in taking people's healthcare. The END
It's not affordable
The states participating in the expansion have affordable healthcare. That's the Governors fault not Obamacare
I am a nurse educator and teach this lesson. I have read the ACA. Middle class is left out. Poor are paid, rich don't need it. READ
Furthermore I have the ACA and it's been some of the best insurance I have ever had. My state embraced it. Again it's a he Governors choice
Poor thing, literally poor. Those who work can't afford it cause we are paying for you and all the other poor things that won't work
Wow and don't forget deplorable 
Why do you hate people abdcwant them to suffer? Oh, right, you didn"t bother to read the bill. Never mind.

ACA. 44 is not big on labels, has solid legacy. Fix Obamacare with bipartisan input. Change name to Trumpcare. The people win. 45 is happy.
Seriously deranged woman. LG offered throwing 32 million Americans off INS YET criticizes Bernie Who actually has a plan

Of course Republicans dragged off disabled protesters. You're are the party of Monsters.
You go to the US Capitol & start trouble you will be remove plain & simple.
Another person cherry picking Constitutional rights. They weren't inciting violence.
But their is rules & regulations set forth by US Capital police.
Seriously?  #DraftDodgerInChief
To take 1/4 of poor people off insurance?
I would hardly call it a "good fight". Evil, maybe.
Graham trust in state officials tragically misplaced.  Past time to find reasonable BI-partisan solution to fix ACA.
The guy YOU praise thinks its better to spend money on tanks than people. Shame on him.
yeah, screwing 32 million of healthcare and another 65 million who count on Medicaid sure sounds like the "good" fight we should be having.
Yeah, no. This plan is horrific.
Graham repeatedly said my state would take better care of me. Plz..not in Texas. People will die while we wait for states to innovate.
The good fight? For who? Big pharma who pay you?
oh puhleeeze....

don't let graham touch your checkbook.  he doesn't understand basic tenets of economics
Really? Making my cancer battle harder and more expensive is a good fight? Get a clue, woman. 
Instead of talking gobbly gook just point out that premiums have doubled and deductibles have tripled under Obamacare. Easy to understand.
You can be proud of him when he reaches across the isle to improve ACA!
John "Benedict" MCCain cannot vote the way he wants when he made promises to the voters.  He is a liar
You embarrass every serviceperson when we see you running away from people demanding to be heard on healthcare. Must be a really great plan!
Yes I must giv him credit for trying He shd also smack mccain 4hurting millions of Amer bc he likes tradition which played no role in origin
Please he had to be ashamed of himself trying to live millions with no healthcare
It isn't working and what Graham proposed is worse. It's working for the insurance industry and that is about all. Scrap the whole system.
You’re delusional!
Silly.
They aren't fixing it. They are destroying it and kicking people off of their insurance, gutting Medicaid, and harming women's healthcare!
GIVE IT UP UNTIL YOU CAN COME UP WITH A BETTER PLAN.  STOP WASTING TIME.
Couldn't be happier that this insanely disastrous bill has died a quick death, just like the president's popularity. Liars are easy to see.
A plan that cuts 32 million and cost 200 billion more than Obamacare? A typical GOP plan. Another "middle finger plan" for Americans.

response to "failed" obamacare claim:
A debate would be nice. Or maybe a hearing.
For pushing a tax cut for his donors you mean?
If you love your best friend, you'll put Gohmert in his place! Guy's a mean-spirited loon.
We pay $750,000,000,000/year in Health Insurance premiums for ads, exec pay, lobbying and shareholders BEFORE healthCARE. why?
Why hasn't the Jones act been waived for PR as it was for Florida and Texas? Where's the Navy? Where's the military personnel? Asap
Take a minute to deal with the crisis in PR instead of battling about a health plan that hasn't been fixed. Puerto Rico needs help asap!
really Hope? You're ok with women losing maternity care? And I sure hope u have no pre-existing conditions! 
Come out of the closet Lindsey and tell the truth your new Trumpcare bill will kill thousands of Americans
He is capable of more than throwing millions off H/C, bringing back caps, removing pre-existing conditions regs, his  is bigger than that.
Yes we can agree it's hard but we can not agree @GOP had 8 years to fix. No shameful @LindseyGrahamSC is saying what should have been said
You know better Senator.
How can you live with your "conscience" for causing millions of people to lose healthcare. Your legacy takes a hit.
Our dear Lindsey, who doesn't mind throwing his constituents under a bus to make Trump and the Koch brothers love him again
'Good' is not the word that came to my mind. Smug. Desperate. Shameful. Partisan. That's more like it.... #DeathBill #bankruptcybill
so sad that @LindseyGrahamSC would rather spend more on our already bloated DoD than healthcare for all
Ah Lindsey Lindsey Lindsey. It was the very reason u were born, this business of taking healthcare away from others. U did all u could. LOL
Ha! Please step away from the bottle! I have always liked Sen "Buy More "Bombs Graham until he decided to be cruel.  He has his, screw us.
Wish you were as concerned about the rest of us as you are of Sen. McCain.
This is not fighting the good fight.  Thanks for nothing. #sellout #iamapreexistingcondition #cancersurvivor
You mean Romney Care? The ACA was literally a blueprint Republicans created
why would the democrats who want gov't control health care on everyone use a Republican plan???
Why would U thank someone trying to con u? No facts, figures, evidence. Can't present in open debate?  Lawyer can't present viable case?  Bs
He told @lisamurkowski Alaska could keep the ACA if she voted for this shit bill. Doesn't sound like a threat to me.
Good fight? He wants to repeal the ACA because that's what the @GOP promised their rich donors they would. You were played.
He wants to END MEDICAID.. there's nothing about @LindseyGrahamSC to be proud of! My adult disabled daughter relies on Medicaid. #shame
This terrible bill is dead. Amen. Now why don't you do some good & write up a bipartisan #ClimateChange bill. Whole world will thank you
It’s not dead yet. Never trust McConnell and Graham.
Fair enough

You used fake videos, by people commited of a crime for making them, as an excuse to defund Planned Parenthood. You're truly ridiculous.
Graham could careless about Americans who need insurance in CA< NY, IL. After all he Trump & rest of the his trash supporters.
How does this help you?
Did you ever wonder why they so desperately wanted to get the vote in before the CBO score? This bill was worse than the others.
He just told a recovered opioid addict u didn't get here cause of Medicaid but there were people ready to help u, absolute BS
the rehab helped cause she had access to Medicaid n the healthcare providers got their money, have u seen any free rehabs
@LindseyGrahamSC had no, not a single justification for his plan being better, his main point was his plan will repeal Obamacare, #shame
He's not fixing Obamacare he is repealing n replacing it
The fight gets easier if you don't tie yourself in policy knots to support a massive funding cut.
He wasn't trying to 'fix' the #ACA at all. Gutting it and destabilizing the markets, state by state was a terrible idea. Buncha sellouts.
Mr. Graham, you were the only Republican (besides John McCain) I would listen to. What happened?
He sold out long ago.
This does not FIX the #ACA (which was a @GOP PLAN!) You know it doesn't, everyone knows it doesn't. Why are you lying? #GrahamCassidyNO
Why do you want millions of Americans to die or go bankrupt with no insurance? I have pre-existing conditions. I'll die. Why do you hate me?
I guess facts don't matter to the GOP NOR DOES DECENCY  SHAME ON ALL OF YOU
Huh??????????? You're proud of the argument of stripping healthcare from 20 million more people with no price controls? That's gross
Vote to get rid of ACA! Even the name is a LIE! It's not affordable
Nothing but @GOP liars. They promised repeal but never had any intention of really doing so. They are all liars and traitors.
NO. ONE. WANTS. THIS. BILL. GET IT THROUGH YOUR SKULLS ALREADY! NO GC! NO R/R! WORK W/ DS ON ACA STABILIZATION! WE'RE DONE ASKING NICELY!
Screwing America over must make Lindsey's parents so proud!
@LindseyGrahamSC
Always thought you were "McCain Lite" a bit less honor, but still in spectrum of "decent"
You've proved me wrong
#mazel
And you are too, Hopewalker.
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @BillCassidy @GOP @dotgop @SenateGOP @HouseGOP UR truly myopic,obstinate old men who FAIL to represent the people
Not fixing anything, only making things much worse. 
Bot acct, report.
What's good or Christian about denying health care to poor and infirm?
Good fight for whom ? The 1%....
Declaring war against NK on twitter is reckless and irresponsible. Seems like a high crime and misdemeanor.   Save our country!!! Please!!!
He has excellent socialized healthcare, meaning he gets taxpayer funded healthcare but he doesn't think anyone else deserves it. Just him!
Exactly!
#NoGrahamCassidy  EVER it is a terrible piece of legislation ! Shame on @LindseyGrahamSC  for creating this S##T
It's time to end GrahamCassidy
Nothing is hard to debate if you armed with the ability to lie thru your blue belle teeth.
This Bill is awful.
This bill doesn't fix anything and @LindseyGrahamSC knows it.
Agree! To Graham; GIVE IT UP UNTIL YOU CAN COME UP WITH A BETTER PLAN.  STOP WASTING TIME.
Why are GOO forcing us to be slaves to employers desperate for health care? #1 reason must be because the rich&powerful want to pay for it!
This isn't a health care bill in any fashion. #GrahamCassidyKOCH tax break bill, is no "replacement" either. GOP rogue for Koch brothers
Fix it. Call it Trumpcare, if that's what he needs to sign it, but fix it or go single payer.
This is a death bill for people. Do we trust republican governors?  Hell no!! Aca has saved my life and continues too! He has no worries
ACA needs fixes, basics are there. Open exchanges & competition. Rs blocked for 7 yrs b/c Obamas name on it. @LindseyGrahamSC any blowhard
EXACTLY. #LyingLindsey #CorruptCassidy & #TyrantTrump ONLY want to destroy @POTUS44 's legacy at the cost of American lives. Murderers.
Some "replacement", estimated 32 million no HC by 2027. Koch's get their big tax break though...along with the 2%. NO on #GrahamCassidyKoch
Ur lying and so if @LindseyGrahamSC
Ur lying and so  is.   @LindseyGrahamSC
Stop focusing on cutting taxes. Id rather pay more taxes & have good healthcare for others as long as I keep my employer provided insurance
Lindsey and that creepy smirking guy got shellacked to night. Hard to get in the ring when they fight is already lost.
Exactly. 
Graham/Cassidy behaved like the Used Car Tag Team Duo. They had no substantive arguments.
You're proud that he won't do his job? Legislators work to perfect legislation. Curious that you don't understand that.
So wrong, so gross
He's not fighting to fix Obamacare. He's fighting to give the Koch Brothers a tax cut by kicking working people off their insurance.
@hopewalker I agree that @LindseyGrahamSC lindsis fighting the good fight, but it needs to be done w/bipartisanship!
Are they saying repair or repeal?..I agree it should be fixed but it sounds like this is more like a repeal and bust it up than it is repair
Cool, cool. He should receive a participation award for showing up. And not demonstrating how his plan works to improve health care.
Millions will lose coverage but the cost will continue to rise. Ocare is cheaper. Graham hate poor and middle class SC folks.
I don't think @LindseyGrahamSC even convinced himself that #GrahamCassidy is the best option
How can Graham be pro life knowing millions will lose care and many die with his plan? Pro life means nothing to Graham.
@realDonaldTrump  Now is the time to put congress on Obamacare & let them pay their fair share. Then you'll see things get fix / replaced.
1. He doesn't want to fix it. He wants to decimate and end it. 
2. Mike Huckabee? L. O. L.
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
You're proud of him trying to kill my dad?

#LindseyCareKills
That's some funny stuff there libturd.
It can't be fixed because it never addressed the reason it cost so much, actual healthcare cost is more than a car for even simple issues.
