Sorry, my family and I are new to this treason thing.
no, not new.. Just new to being held accountable.
For what? Selling off  natural resources and profiting from it! No that would be the asshat Hilary! Still living the Liberal Con!
Critical Thinking is not your forte! You didn't grow up a leader but a lobotomized follower. Do not breed.
Lol! Critical thinking is a liberal trait for sure...being critical ignorant of everything not liberal based. I lead Awesome @3 companies!
Stop lying Dan, you play w/ UTV's(), make shitty logos for yourself/T-shirts & the "office" looks like a storage unit.
Glad you like my page! My office is pretty rad...great that I get paid to make shitty logos and play with utvs more expensive then your car!
Not where I went. Read the bad reviews & that your LLC is not active per SOS. Those other 2 companies just vanished lol
@LindseyGrahamSC hypocrite who criticizes Trump then votes for all his stuff in party over country every single time.
No, he has positions on issues, yet he sees the treason and criminality in Trump. BTW I'm a Dem.
Outstanding!  However, did u get the gavel from @SenatorBurr, told not 2 interrupt by @SenJohnMcCain like @SenKamalaHarris ? #FBIDirector
So sick of you and McCain being snakes in the grass. You don't support our Pres. and his family, which the majority of voters do. Retire!
No the majority of the people don't.
You were AWESOME.  Thank you for truly putting America and it's citizens first!
@DonaldJTrumpJr is not a politician like you so why would he call FBI? and witch hunt is not Mueller its media and trump haters aka dems
May I have the Toll-Free phone number, please? I will be calling from Canada with a few questions !!
Lol oh are you serious? Because you can get his direct office number in DC or SC.. Again if being facetious & / with a side if witty!Gr8 one
U did right on 7/12. History never 4gets nor is easily un4giving! Just ask @POTUS history won't b kind 2 him! Keep r Laws clean & truthful!
Comey, brennan & mccain collude over a phony dossier to further their/your agenda, but Don Jr is in trouble? FBI is last dept to trust
Why not also direct that advice to Hillary and her connection with the Ukraine govt?
Or.  Just use common sense.

Why Did Loretta Lynch Grant Trump Jr's Russian Lawyer A Special Visa To Enter America? http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-07-12/why-did-loretta-lynch-grant-trump-jrs-russian-lawyer-special-visa-enter-america …
Please stand up for our country Senator Graham. We need you so much at this time. I have never seen anything like the Trump family.
Grandstanding
Your assinine behavior is appalling and to be honest as a southern republican embarrassing. You are a traitor. How does McCains balls taste
Did Hillary call when it came to Ukraine, How about McCain did he call before he sent someone after the pee pee gate so called evidence?
You are a snake in the grass
Wray should have anticipated ?s, Prepared, & responded strongly. Instead, he evades, hesitates, & bird walks. Next? Should vote NO
It'd hv made NO difference had DJT jr. called FBI abt the mtg w/ this Russian woman bc #Comey'd hv done NOTHING. Pretty sure he knew abt her
Lindsey Graham is an idiot and still mad cuz he lost!
Senator Graham thank you for standing up for our nation. Rest of @gop should do the same, not serve the interests of Russia for any reason.
Calling on all politicians to call in a new FBI to investigate Rice unmasking, comey leaks, lynch cover up, HRC!
Like Clinton's did? Like Barack did?
Like your worried about Trump junior emails, pathetic and low class, you think Hillary would have meeting with Russia for dirt on Trump
Mr Wray,Yes/No! Being politically correct has replaced honesty&common sense. Telling the truth is fundamental.
Oh you didn't like that? I'm just taking a page from your homeboy @realDonaldTrump
Who in the hell is running against you this next time? Can somebody with fat pockets please fund your opponent?
God, what a shit show for the ages.
Thank you, Mr. Graham.
this needs to be investigated.
So far there has been collusion proven and still no impeachment . What else do you need to know ?Treason is also been proven  to,impeach
DON'T TRUST that man!!  America doesn't need another Trump nominee in OUR government! NOT ANOTHER TRUMP SWAMP SNAKE!
Oh sure. When the FBI Director is in the tank for the Democrat Party? Hillary's actions were reported to the FBI. How'd that work out?
Kudos, Graham. Let's hope your fellow Repubs will take note, and recognize the behavior responsible governance requires.
Too bad you had to put the words in Gray's mouth. I wouldn't trust him to do the just thing.
Soros puppet.
I don't trust anyone FAKE 45 nominated!!  You republicans are following him down the rat hole
But if you have to tell the director nominee what to say, doesn't that present a problem? Shouldn't he already know the answer?
Listen up we live in SC 1st support our POTUS we are SICK of you & McCain grandstanding bashing on the news he is Our POTUS not yours retire
Thank you Senator @LindseyGrahamSC - PROTECT USA

Patriots need you to STAND UP TO TRUMP & Weak @GOP #Traitors
#TrumpRussia
And most politicians would turn their servers over to the FBI if they were hacked
Is this "Duh!" Or what? Am I crazy? Trump is making me crazy.......
SAVE THE CHEERLEADER SAVE THE WORLD! SAVE KENNY OR CHERNOBYL TODAY!
Applaud Sen Graham for this. Why cant Wray answer this question? I'd be similarly frustrated. Missing #Comey directness and fortitude. 
Lyndsey Graham & Buddy McCain are Never Trumpers that NO ONE WANTED FOR PRESIDENT !

You need to get behind our president or resign!! You have been acting like an adolescent and damaging the GOP! NOT IMPRESSED AT ALL!!!
This seems like sen Graham is asking for loyalty to politicians. Yet it's a crime for POTUS to ask for loyalty.   Something don't seem fair

GRANDSTANDING MUCH! STOP PLAYING POLITICS W THIS IMPORTANT ROLE U HAVE &STAND W UR PRESIDENT! UR ALWAYS 1ST OUT W JUDGEMTS USUALLY NEGATIVE.
Lindsey stop trying to be a TreyYou continue to show yourself as a democrat war http://mongrel.You  andJohn should shut up and come home
It was a great day when Barrack Obama moved out of the White House.  It will also be a great day when Graham and McCain move out of D.C.
Hey....you made the news just as u wanted
Thank you, Senator, for bringing up this issue! You are working for ALL the American people.
Don't just sit there talking, do something Lindsey.  Lock them up!
Thank you for giving me hope that   someone in the GOP (the party of my parents and grandparents) still puts America first.
Soros has paid off Graham and McCain. They are frauds that need to be voted out!!!
When ABCPolitics retweets Lindsey to promote false Russia narrative, it's time for him to retire.
Sen Graham, maybe you wanna ask yr friend #NeverTrumper @SenJohnMcCain why this Rus agent, Veselnitskatya was in his office at one time?
Typical senator grandstanding to get clip on news. Didn't help vet Wray, threw shade on DTJ who had no idea if email info was true.
What in the hell type of grandstanding were u trying to pull off? Jesus get a grip u came across almost as nasty as Schumer
So embarrassing of you @LindseyGrahamSC
When will you start 2 do anything about the democrats!? EVER!!!! YOUR A JOKE TO YOUR PARTY AND THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!!
@LindseyGrahamSC why do you call yourself a republican? You're not somthat makes you just another pathetic liberal democrat!
Graham is too stupid to be in the GOP.  Has he never learned to control his mouth.
Senator, does it give you pause that you basically had to instruct #wray how to answer re: foreign nationals bearing oppo research? 
Boy are you getting played by the Trumps LG. The mother load is coming.
Dear Lindsey, YES, if you're a politician, call the FBI BUT TRUMP Jr. is NOT a political figure So WHY would you ask that question of him!?
You have to change the rules, that goes for senators ,political candidates ,and reporters . You all do bidding for foreign governments
Good job!
So why didn't Comey follow this advice to report to Deputy AG-and since he didnt report why all the questions abt Comey being fired?
Assuming a lot Senator. How many people  in congress have met with her?
Disgraceful Lindsey...he should transfer over to the Libs Socialist Party...Pre Trump is The Best President has done more for Pro Life






And what should NBC have done about deciding to run the Bill Bush tape to hurt trump call the FBI...
3. verified in that report? Hopefully the new Director won't tolerate your criminal activities or the Dems' either!
7. Ukraine to get dirt on Trump? They even went to the Ukranian embassy! Start demanding answers for crimes from the past 8 years!
6. try to appeal more to Dems when Dems aren't the ones voting you guys in?!!! Why won't you guys look at Clinton campaign working with
5. those "coincidences". Maybe you can explain how RINOs are still in office because I can assure you we will vote you guys out. Why do you
4. Russia on her Facebook page? She even appears to be wearing the same dress that she wore for her NBC interview! Maybe you can explain
Why are you on any council?  Why do you have any position?  Why are you speaking?  Go away!
4. Russian lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, has pictures of your buddy McCain, Donald Trump protests and sitting with Obama's Ambassador to
It baffles me how this guy didn't do well in the elections
His questioning was pretty awesome to watch.
3. verified in that report! Hopefully, the new Director won't be a politicized agent like Comey was! Now can you explain to us why this
Whoever wrote Russia has a "Crown Prosecutor" is WRONG. So, that same person may be wrong in claiming links to Russian gov't. Support @POTUS
We know some substance of @DonaldJTrumpJr email stream is false, to wit: Russia has no Crown Prosecutor. What else in email is false? #MAGA
He's old guard & not afraid of being primaried out like many other GOP.  But so far he seems to me to be mostly talk and very little action!
2. got his hands on it, he decided it had to be part of the intelligence briefing for both Obama & Trump even though NOT ONE THING had been
In email released by @DonaldJTrumpJr, did Lindsey notice reference to the "Crown Prosecutor" of Russia? Russia has no "Crown Prosecutor".
1. So, you say someone should contact the FBI? Like your friend McCain did after showing you the fake Russian dossier? So that when Comey
.Sick of #fakenews Russia.  Let's pass #healthcare and #taxreform @HillaryClinton is the crooked sore loser.
Thank you Senator!
Lindsey Study  Up 

Liberal Legal expert Alan Dershowitz doesn't believe Donald Trump Jr. committed a crime
It took him way too long to answer and squiggly answer at that.
Politicians did find themselves in the same position but NOTHING happened after it was discovered. Oh yeah its ok for Ukraine to meddle.
Most of the Americans are getting tired of the Trump Russia Conspiracy Theories as Hillary said " what difference  does it make "
how about all the times America has been involved in Foreign elections here is a list ;https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_electoral_intervention …
What about Obama and him getting involved with Foreign Elections .  http://redstatewatcher.com/article.asp?id=76457 …
But traitors won't do that!
Another mint julep 4 you Sen Graham!  Thx 4 clarifying the obvious to Wray, s & s on the record.  b4  will free us from Twilight Zone
Oh god the future director of the FBI has to told to say the right thing.   In the words of POTUS.  "SAD"

We finally have proof of inappropriate financial dealings with Russia. 
Graham's a pu$$y.
Graham cracker no need to keep bashing and bashing hope you lose South Carolina. MAGA
Why was it so hard for this guy to say it plainly, the way Mr. Graham said it?
Lindsey Graham is nothing more than a liberal hack and would say anything for a mic.....geez
Liberal hack ? That's funny! It's pretty than a D list celebrity con president .
Finally..Something I can like that Graham said. Now..I hope he doesn't say something different in a few hours on Fox. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
A friendly reminder Graham spent the new year with McCain in Ukraine.
Thank you very much for making sure everyone understands what should be done-common sense/ethics was clearly not used.
Wham, bam thank you Graham!
Great question and follow up.
Please get off your high horse and do your job! The majority of us are tired of #Russia Russia! How about healthcare taxes jobs etc
Too bad Lindsey & ABC aren't that aggressive investigating Hillary's cnctns w/Russia & Ukraine. Evrybdy knows abt it-makes U laughingstock
Love how you phrase it. He almost held a gun at Wray, demanding loyalty oath to his anti-Russia jihad.
Russia did not influence my vote. And no one else's  that I know of. We elected you to build wall, fix HC, appoint a SCOTUS  so do it!
Extremely proud to see what a leader looks like...FINALLY!  Thank you!
This is how it is done! Well Done, Sir! #Feet2Fire
Obvious to see why this guy couldn't even carry his home state in the presidential primary, the voters of SC need to replace this moron.
Thank you Senator, for not ignoring this pressing issue. It should not be swept under the rug. Friends are leaving GOP because most ignore.
Should have promoted from within. The department's morale is at all time low. US Intel was embarrassed at G20 by POTUS. "Who knows"?
Hey Lindsey Kardashian, we'll need 10,000 more FBI agents to take all the calls about you & Baghdad Johnny McCain.
@DonaldJTrumpJr  bad idea to take that #nothingburger meeting to get dirt--should have called the FBI you are not above the law #Resistance
Why? No reason unless email info proved true, which it didn't.
Time for the GOP to change it's name to the VPP The Vladimir Putin Party
Apparently someone needed to, and the "not a politician" excuse won't work anymore.
This is nothing more than another Trump Russian clown show We are getting a little tired of this crap
Great moment for "America First" when Graham a true patriot questioned Wray regarding Trump jr. emails with Russia!
Thank You, Senator Graham. TY for, at times, doing #CountryOverParty There are times your words give me hope we can get thru all this.
Because I never thought you would do what you are doing now. I thought you were a nice and a good man. YES its a witch hunt & YOU KNOW IT!
When one of our guys starts twisting words to fit your own evil goal of bring down our GOOD President then you have become enemy. STOP IT!
Lindsey Graham just become a dem already
No one likes you on the republican side.  Why not be a democrat.  #grahamcracker
That's what he said dufus! He said they would want to know. He never said do call, only they would want to know.
Your a traitor to your own party #SoreLoser
Moral of the story is delete and bleach emails! Government loves Government!
Christopher Wray has ties to Russia. His firm represents a Russian co., Rosneft. We DON'T need an FBI Director with ties to the Kremlin! NO!
Sen Graham plz don't vote for Wray; he does #trumpspeak. I'm not a pol or lawyer but I'd  call FBI; I don't need 2 b coached on patriotism.
Can SOMEONE ASK & make #Wray answer 1 simple question Does he understand that the confidence in @FBI from American ppl is #1 priority?
Lindsey trys so hard to be a tough guy It's like he's over compensating for something He needs to go
@LindseyGrahamSC its frightening that there are the kind of folks, who are in the WH, that would rather cheat to win than win on merit!
I think that @realDonaldTrump does have SOME good people surrounding him, BUT he simply doesn't understand they are NOT their to favor him
I appreciate your questions to #Wray It is VITAL that this Director of @FBI understand that HE IS NOT WORKING FOR @realDonaldTrump Regime
Hence the failed bids at being elected President.
Senator @LindseyGrahamSC Consistently had to lead Wray to the Correct answer. This doesn't inspire any Faith in Wray, he is easy to sway.
Does Wray have ties to Russian Energy corporations?
Yes but it took like 12 questions for Lindsey to get him to say it. This guy is a trump hack.Can't believe he has NO IDEA bout the Jr emails
Well done :)
Glad to hear that Iowas' Steven King strategy (on CNN New Day) to create "a fire wall" & refer the inquiry to lowest staff level was wrong.
He had to put the words in his mouth. He couldn't come up w the words for himself. I'm not too sure about this guy. Weak and spineless 
Why do you need someone to tell you how to do the right thing?
Why doesn't someone interrupt Sen Graham and tell him to let Wray answer the question? Oh, right, because he's a man! @SenKamalaHarris
Oh shut up
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr Are you watching??? Maybe learn something??? You have both lied about Russia and should be held accountable
Oh I see, this is a 'lesson' of how we should act! Trump Crime family gets away with another one! Wow! Good bye USA. Trump Crime fam rules
