No, that's not how this works.
You never read the constitution did you?  The election is over, and Trump will be president.
President*. Asterisk is important. Omitting it devalues accomplishment of those who won w/o cheating
like Hillary& and the DNC? 
Yep, precisely. When her supposed "cheating" amounts to "DNC staffers were annoyed 1/
at Bernie publically scapegoating them," and "She received one question from Brazile 2/
It certainly played a role. You're being intellectually dishonest if you deny a deluge of private emails didn't hurt HRC.
Her character and demeanor also played a role.
Stay on topic. Her Senate voting record played a role too, but that's not what we're talking about - Russia.
3 million more voted for Hillary, but it doesn't count only politician millionaire's votes count
Right, it's all about millionaire's votes. It has nothing to do with the Twelfth Amendment.
No income taxes, doesn't even know law, is vile and hateful calling US citizens "his enemies."
That's an emotional response. I give all a fair shake going in regardless of campaign rhetoric
Newsweek is  credible.
Proof please? Trump "won" by razor-thin margin, and entire end of campaign was based on wikileaks info dumps
Besides, whether it's why he "won" or not, he clearly feels gratitude, and is thus a clear and present danger to country
Trump just dissed you in his press conference FYI
Not a 1st. He's called him"one of the dumbest human beings I’ve ever seen". Mark my word @LindseyGrahamSC will get him back
Regrettably, behind Trump stands Pence. @LindseyGrahamSC
not if Pence was in on it. I think it would go to Colin Powell via electoral college.
They're not setting him up. They're just not going to keep him from falling. @LindseyGrahamSC
OK are we just going to let your new comrades hack into our infrastructures or our business.

You're whining about it is Never Trump pain at your loss.  WAH! WAH!  Nothing more. You hate Trump. We know it.
You dont,really know that Senator. Regardless the issue is the hacking. What we gonna do about that?
You don't give a crap about hacking.  Only your hatred of Trump.  Your hatred shines thru the smoke and mirrors. We see you
It certainly helped. If Russians had released info they have on him also, we might not be burdened w/Trump. #ImpeachTrump
Can you subpoena the security guards Trump* claims to have had in Russia.Even with confidentiality orders they must respond
Pls cntine ur pursuit n2 this thrt 2r democracy. Americans dsrve 2 know.Trump/Rs wll nt b cnsdrd legit til fully invstigtd.
but it is important to address regardless. Please stay strong against the crazy that is trump
DT glaring deflection lack of credibility pitiful. Stop trashing Intel,Constitution, DIVEST
. Need thorough & independ invest into Russian hacking& influence in our elections & also if Tr campaign or Tr was inv
PLEASE, with your intellect, investigate into @realDonaldTrump advisors close to Russia. Where's Manafort?
Wow! I also was starting to respect you! Report does not state this period! If there is an investigation, that needs to...
Doesn't matter if it cost Clinton the election or not. Fact that Russia criminally tampered with our elections matters.
except there is no proof of that.
According to the DNI there is plenty. A fact supported by the CIA, Justice Department, the FBI, and the NSA.
This just happened!
what ? You mean the report that had no evidence ? Ok, tx for the update.
Oh, it's a report from intelligence agencies... you and I are not cleared to see evidence but nice try.
TU 4 speak. out about Russ Hack in elect.Please ask Intelligence com 2 inform us if Tr or his camp knew or was inv by 1/20
Trump won bcuz paid media trolls blasted gullible/vulnerable citizenry with abominable LIES, FALSE ALLEGATIONS&INNUENDO
Senator Graham is too stupid to realize Trump won because America is sick of him supporting jihadists in the middle east @LindseyGrahamSC
...be confirmed. We should not have a president sworn in who is under investigation for something this big!!!
Not until he is cleared. His people otherwise gain access and control of the investigation. Not right!
It actually is along w Comey.
I used to respect you
Finally saying something I like. Your new nick name is the straddler. You like straddling the fence. Your an elitist fool.
@taylor_reidy I've never doubted your intelligence, but your integrity I'm questioning. The man is a traitor. Impeach him.
Rampant false accusations and fake news did influence the 100,000+ votes that earned Trump his electoral win. No mandate!
Keep telling yourself that ask Comey why he kept that secret & unethically brought out bogus on HRC! Trump=Dirty Election

I shudder to think, had she been successful, the additional corruptions she would have brought to the table.
@TheDemocrats @SenSchumer Can you prove hacks,email leaks had 0 impact on voters decisions? Voters were overwhelmed by them
Your correct in your statement. We the deplorables made it happen..
PROTCT Lady Liberty&our democracy from a vindictive tyrant. DJT is a danger. Tell your colleagues to do the Right Thing
Prove it with  SELECT Committee investigation w a Special Independent Counsel assign to it. #PutinsPuppet @realDonaldTrump
True, but because the bomb was a dud doesn't make it less than a bomb.
no, but interference from any foreign country is not welcome! SHAME ON YOU to make it sound unimportant!
R didn't need to 'hack'a voting machine to engage in info warfare -THAT is the issue. Please investigate #investigatetrump
time to stop peddling this nonsense.  Trump is compromised.  Only choice is impeach him and sanction Russia HEAVILY
bull. But obv crosscheck & other racist GOP voter suppression helped.
Hey Senator, Trump doesn't get Russia because Putin's got dirt on him
#GOLDENSHOWERS #PEEOTUS
i respect you Sir.......but totally disagree with your statement
unless your reasoning is that Comey is also a reason, you're wrong.
You were heading in the right direction. Dump Trump, do the right thing and retire as a hero!  GOLDEN parachute!
Agree it was crosscheck, voter suppresson, Comey AND your Russian operative .. the "new king"
You don't know that, can't possibly measure the influence. Stop deflecting, get w/ McCain and remove this orange terror.
propaganda always influences elections. This time it was created by an advisary to our country #countryoverparty
Not much. All those lies hurt Clinton. Investigate Trump.
If it's a GOP witch hunt using Russia intel then it's a Russian sponsored GOP witch hunt. Denial does not change facts
No Tillerson!
Yes it was! No one could withstand the constant negative leaks and Comey! Comey should have tipped scales on both sides!
@SenJohnMcCain @marcorubio Must read.
WRONG!
Changed your mind about that yet?
https://www.scribd.com/document/330989098/Dworkin-Report-Trump-Russian-Ties-Unabridged-11-13-2016 …
are you sure sir? 
well he's compromised. He can't serve.
are you sure about that? http://s3.documentcloud.org/documents/3259984/Trump-Intelligence-Allegations.pdf …
Trumptards telling us how Trump won the election so big try popular vote get rid of the electoral college
now what?
, I respected you believing you actually would stand up against Russia, even Trump, if he allowed Russia's invasion.
, don't say something you know is not true! You are not God. You do not know that it didn't. You sound as guilty as Trump!
, Russia/Putin most likely has material on Trump. That absolutely explains his relationship with them. He can't be POTUS!
, Comey saying he cannot comment whether the FBI is investigating Russia's ties to Trump absolutely PROVES the corruption.
Well, I guess we'll be getting a select committee hearing now, won't we?
https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3259984-Trump-Intelligence-Allegations.html …
THIS WHOLE ELECTION WAS A FRAUD
funny stuff but I'm serious (still smiling)
YES IT IS. SHE WOULD HAVE WON
hey #SoreLoser don't add me to your list. What a hateful group of #libtards thank God change is around the corner! #MAGA
Get that damn pic down depicting police as pigs. Vote on. Blue Lives Matter R uncomfortable  just as Confederate flag same!
If indeed it was the putin establishment. Regardless look at hills & obamas establishment
irrelevant...
Given how much Russia gamed our election using social media, you'd better be ready to do combat on that front soon too.
"denigrate Secretary [Hillary] Clinton, and harm her electability and potential presidency" are thecwords from intel!
South Carolina resident here. Someone who votes in your state. Yes. It did. Foreign interference in our election is not ok.
You start sounding like a weasel.  Hillary got 3 million more votes than Trump, remember?  Except for Comey & Putin more.
Hahahaha
Are you sure, Senator?
@marcorubio @SenJohnMcCain US Intelligence Just Confirmed Trump Is Being Actively Blackmailed By Russia
who asked you. back it up
@realDonaldTrump U need to understand what is going on. Please remain objective:)! Just past hours. http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/10/politics/donald-trump-intelligence-report-russia/ …
Ok. SURE! LOL

An American citizen keeping track of what was said in the Sessions hearing today
more right wing lies to prop up a fascist regime change in AmeriKKKa. This is a frickkn crime and COVERUP
We do not know what effect the hacking had on the election results..an argument can be made that voters were swayed
your a JOKE. country pig
Is there a question for #sessions???
Really, because the report said the agencies didn't study impact.
democrats fielded a lieing and corrupt candidate.
.@LindseyGrahamSC though it certainly helped.
Trump Camp CONSPIRED w/RUSSIA it was in ur INTEL Report&is NOW on CNN WOW thats TREASON!!! Plus Proof ur a LIAR!!!Sickening
@JakeTapper @MSNBC @CNN July 27th TRUMP Asked Russia to ATTACK this Country&NOW INTEL has them CONSPIRING w/RUSSIA #TREASON
@realDonaldTrump LINDSEY PLS-THERE WAS NO RUSSIAN HACK OF THE US ELECTION! Y R U GVNG CREDENCE 2DEMOCRAT LIES??
TRAITOR.
The Russian interfered with the election.That is a crime.
But once again, no surprise you'd support someone like that. pt2
and 1400 LAW professors thinking sessions is a racist who won't protect civil rights is not a joking matter. p1
That you excuse it, makes you another complicit traitor.
- Shocked & sad at .@realDonaldTrump’s complicity in encouraging Russians to hack Hillary. Shameful & un-presidential.
yes it was.  It was illegal espionage that swayed public opinion. Was it factual? yes. That doesn't make it legal. p1
It did affect outcome. Voters in states that counted for Trump could fit in college stadium. Investigation must go on.
no...votes were thrown out
maybe, maybe not...it was a very close election and Any outside factor could have easily turned it one way or the other.
But Russian mob money is why Trump bends over backwards to please Putin.
You don't know that. Please! You've been one of the few R who have sense, don't leave us now.
I think of our 2 party system as accelerator & brakes. We make steady & safe progress. It seems though we are in reverse.
But the Comey leak, while voting was in progress gave life to GOP insinuation that the email investigation had new evidence
what the hell does he have 2 do with Russian hacking? With disaster of last attorney generals, this is what u came up with?
from what I heard of your questioning, it was embarrassing. You didn't even sound articulate or ask Common Sense questions
it was an act of war, treat it as such.
Trump lost the popular vote by the largest margin.  Best not forget

Probably true, most of the credit should go to Jim Comey and his unprecedented interference with his letter during voting.
he won because the EC failed to deter foreign influence. EC is a joke, but only way republicans can win president office
Backtracking eh? You should be ashamed of your grandstanding like some provincial yahoo hillbilly hick.
Obviously Trump thought WikiLeaks would have some effect since he "loved WikiLeaks" and mentioned them on the stump/debates
Did Watergate help Nixon?
Hilary lost b/c she's out of touch with main stream America. Democrat end with RAT. Republican ends with ICAN.
Just how in your great wisdom do you know that? I swear, every time I think you represent ALL of us, it's obvious you don't
how would you know that?
I want to get behind you, and I will, but I can't stomach tweets like these.....like you need to give Trump a pacifier.
Couple thoughts A) You on who our "enemies" are & are not? (Saudi Arabia & 9/11 much?) B) Term Limits. Thanks for your time
How much were you paid to say that? Besides you are right, it's called gerrymandering!
.@LindseyGrahamSC
Then have public #Watergate-style #hearings to investigate #Trump campaign's contacts with #Russians.
#TheResistance
Best part of this thread is the cognitive dissonance of believing "hacked" and "clicked on phish bait" are the same thing
we will never know what the impact was, but we need to make sure it does not happen again....
Again, important that ldrshp, like you, know diff between "hack" and "dumb enough to click on phish bait." It wasn't a hack
wrong
respectfully, disagree!  The totality of the campaign did her in, not just one bit of info. Dt was entirely aware.
@realDonaldTrump has Russian connections personally, financially, as do his team. #investigate
but you underminding @realDonaldTrump will not be forgotten.
yes it is. Trump referred 2 Russian hacked info 200 x in campaign speeches which his surrogates repeated 2 sway voters
Almost 3 Million MORE Americans voted for Hillary Clinton over Twitler.  #TrumpTapes  #NotMyPresident
YES, IT WAS. Did Putin tell you to Tweet that?  The GOP and Wikileaks orchestrated the Russian campaign. Shame on you.
@kasie People act (vote) based on what they THINK is true. That was influenced by leaks and disinformation.
I somewhat agree with you sir. I believe the Voter Suppression WAS a Huge part! Congrats @GOP You're deceitful plot worked
A @LindseyGrahamSC is right! #Putin and! his #KGB is out to control the #USA using #Trump!#MeetThePress #ThisWeek
where's the proof of hack. Is this the same intelligence community that said Saddam had WMD's? That intelligence community?
YOU DON'T KNOW THAT!  NO PROOF THAT IT DID NOT.  Please don't turn to the dark side.
going back on it all now are we?Whose pressuring you?
That is true. It is the outdated electoral college that claims all votes are not created equal. 3 million more 4 Hillary.
You cannot know that for sure. No-one can. Now you have a Republican President who admires Putin and has no self-control
please launch independent investigation. We must know if Russia has any leverage over Trump, financial or otherwise.
Comey's unprecedented actions influenced election also.
It's not the ONLY reason he won. Fixed that for you.
oh it sure helped him though didn't it!  And how do you know its not why he won?
the issue is that a foreign power directly  messed w/our elections& likely colluded with Trump campaign.no small matter
the question is not outcome but methods used to achieve outcome. illegal, dirty tricks. this  is signature of this admin
GOP voter suppression ,Comey letter, 3rd party tilted scales. heavy emphasis on hacked emails did its dirty work
I disagree w/you.The Russian email hack influenced attitudes&opinions & disparaged Clinton which in turn impacted voting
There's no proof of that either way.
It may not be the reason but was certainly an invasive interference by foreign Government that must be addressed
No but contributed to a more one-sided slant. Doesn't excuse HRC's sloppiness.
true, the FBI used Russia as a scapegoat as its wild announcements hacked election. #InfragardIsRNCshell
cite your evidence. Can't be report which said the IC didn't assess the "impact that Russian activities had on the outcome"
Good to know you are chairing the SAS subcommittee to "get to the bottom of all things Russian."
No... You can probably thank James Comey and the FBI for that as well as Clinton's own hubris. .
Even if we disregard voter suppression & uncounted votes, you're lying if you say Russia didn't sway an EC victory of ~80k
sorry,Fact DJT everyday lied,made up fake issues with hacked emails & chanted"lock her up"4 months.I'd say affected outcome
I do have respect for you but I think Jill Steins recount efforts should the American people that our vote isn't safe.
How can we possibly know the veracity of this statement?
no because it was Comey that influenced the major reason Hillary lost. Comey should be investigated for Hatch act!!!!!!!!'
Not a relevant. What is relevant is that Trump was aided-potentially knowingly-by a foreign enemy state.  What did he know and when?
No the truth is.
I respect you senator, but no one knows the answer to that question.
The IRS,EPA ,ATF ,HHS ,FBI,CIA.all have been used for political attacks.What sets this dept apart
fair enough. However, Hacking occurred. Imagine if tables were turned, Trump Republicans would've gone nuts #RussiaHacking
Guess who just became a, as he put it... "political hack"
We know they tried and that's bad enough.
To late you stated differently in open hearing! You can't have Russia hacking without influence!
Yes it is. And you know it.
please go back to being a gruberite.
Of course, that's not issue. Issue is @realdonaldtrump so awed (or owned) but Putin he protect Rus from US intel services.
well it certainly didn't help now did it
