Pres. Trump directs "United States Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on cyberspace operations." 
wants to separate cybersecurity from @NSAGov!? Are you SERIOUS!? This could make our cyber systems more vulnerable, @LindseyGrahamSC.
Is @realDonaldTrump still planning to coordinate cybersecurity efforts w/ @PutinRF_Eng? Bc that's fucking laughable, Lindsey. Stop this bs!
PLEASE GET RID OF TRUMP HES EMBARRASSING USA
It can't save his presidency or help those who enable him on Election Day! #DenounceTrump
Gen Mattis: Hey, doofus - sign this.
Trump: What is it? Is it the computery cyber thing?
Gen Mattis: Never you mind. Just sign it.
No money to the RNC.
LINDSEY GRAHAM THE 63 MILLION THAT VOTED TRUMP IN EXPECT YOU TO STAND BEHIND HIM AND STOP TRYING TO ALIGN WITH MCCAIN AND OTHER SOROS PUPPET
TO SILENCE THE MAN 63 MILLION VOTED FOR!! WE VOTED FOR TRUMP AND WERE NOT GOING TO SIT BACK AND ALLOW YOU TO SILENCE HIM!
@ABC As A COL you know how much Trump is doing for the military and we are grateful.Has his faults but he is a ldr.

you need to RESIGN if you don't support my Potus!Or just Get Lost!
Some of your new buddies in #antifa  hard at work...

You'd think you'd want a @POTUS to decry this.

America does.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NML65PA2eT8 …
@LindseyGrahamSC #maga.  traitor to the party. Prostitute for the Democrats. Plans in works to send you home.
Of course you know this isn't Donny Johnny make these decisions. You know he'll screw it all up for you in a day or so.
SO, WHAT DO YOU THINK ON IMMIGRATION LAWS? OR DO WE HAVE TO GO TO WAR TO STOP THIS PEOPLE FROM ATTAKING US AT HOME? BUILD THE WALL WE VOTED.
Lindsay (spelled purposefully) are you still sore over the election? Yes. Yes, you are. Our country needs change, not bitter male spinsters.
@ABC is there knowledge sharing with Russia? Because that'd make sense, right? #ComplicitGOP #TrumpRussia
Are you posting this for plausible deniability in taking Clinton Bribes to hurt Trump?
Vote republican or kiss ur office goodbye
Just in Wikileaks which is never wrong just posted Clinton bribe you to take POTUS down Bye Graham your in our state #VoteYouOutTraitor
Stop looking for a silver lining in the dark, gloomy cloud covering the nation. You & MoC need a nad check! Do your job and impeach!

nice, but nothing you can do will induce SC to keep you. Should have learned from election polling, lol. Poor pooch!
Our greatest cyber threat is Putin, who @POTUS admires and wants to "collaborate" with to improve cyber security.  DJT is a nut.
duped.
You do realize you're irrelevant 
.@LindseyGrahamSCPutin'sBehindthis#FARCE(2ContinueDESTOYing the #USViaCompromised@POTUSwhile Kremlin'sInvestigatedBy Mueller)
So why are you bashing him behind his back? Disgraceful.
Lindsey Grahm is a Clinton Cuck. Takes money to fight our elected @POTUS 
We will remove him from office soon in the elections.
Not sure you are aware of NSA’s capacity, but they’re as big and bad as they get. I wouldn’t take any of this from them.
@ABC     And you WANT to be PRESIDENT.   LOL

#RESIST THE TYRANNY #RESIST lol
trump could say anything "non stupid" and they would praise him like he had cured cancer,they are looking for anything -to defend him on.
Its about time you stand tall with our President
You finally had something good to say about your POTUS, huh? Keep it up and we might change our minds on your treason to the right...Maybe.
What is it going to take before you impeach?  How many more chances?  We would like a number.
Why wasnt this a good plan when Obama proposed it? 

.@brunelldonald: "The people are sick of this political correctness. The people are tired who are working every day of being called racist." 

Factbox: Steps for removing a U.S. president from office http://reut.rs/2x8UmR3  

His crying voice echoes in our ears till this day. 
Our hearts were with him every single moment until he got to the hospital. 
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/898914860850757634 …

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
This comes after he and Sessions demanded private info of citizens who are protesting against him. His intentions are clear.
You need to censure @POTUS, Lindsey. Fix the disasters first so then ever can focus on solutions. Otherwise, you're just sucking up. Don't.
Not his idea! Get real!
Great plan General Kelly!!! Certainly not an original idea of POTUS!!
You're a Never-Trump TRAITOR!
Are you bi-polar?
Why are you sucking up to Trump
PROSECUTE CLINTON!!!!!
Trump makes no decisions. He's fake like his organizations that collapsed.
I don't believe that Trump wrote this nor does he actually understand it.  Just signed his name to it.

Well then I guess that makes 1 good decision out of 1000.  Time to replace the maniac he is teraing us apart.
@ABC why do you bow down to Trump rather lead the field to IMPEACH , he is so bad for USA
This is the organizer of the Unite the Right rally where Heather Heyer died. 
Already all over Trump's junk AGAIN?!
@ABC
This is the organizer of the Unite the Right rally where Heather Heyer died. 
You're already on his shit list, give it a rest. Concentrate on deposing this demagogue, Senator.
Your tie looks like it's about to strangle you.

If only.
Graham keep your backbone
Make trump resign
Well, let's just hope they are smart enough to not let him know anything about it... Or Russia will have full access #ImpeachTrumpNow
I can't stand ur deceitfulness 2 PTrump but u said NOTHING inregards to the globalist path BOBAMA took us down. This will blow up n ur face
JesusTrump
that's John Kelly, not Donald Trump.
Which your friend John McCain wouldn't support when Obama wanted to do it
Got your kneepads ready?
Senator.  Whatever good he does he destroys by opening his mouth.
You have some trumpplbullshit on your lips. Kissing his ass is very dangerous.
Bite it and  it. How is that strategy working? What'd you get today - biscuit or timeout?
"Nice job, Donnie! You get a shiny gold star today for doing what you're supposed to do." -@LindseyGrahamSC probably
Also do the POTUS's agenda in a prompt and professional manner. Need to get you and the rest of the hill on the same page, make it happen. 
I agree. It took 7 months, but he finally did something I approve of.
If you hadn't endorsed it I wouldn't have known something is fishy, as usual.
You're kidding, right? He wants to create his own surveillance arm separate from the IC.
Just another distraction designed to rehabilitate the moldy orange monster. Good thing the hate base has a teat to suckle.
Sorry...the only thing you could beat is...
Lets be honest here.. it sure wasnt his idea, he doesnt even know what it is.
Until he uses it to hunt those who disparage him. You see cyber security, he sees cyber police to use against his enemies.
Great decision? How about doing what is expected of him? Like: his job. Stop pandering to him when he is doing the minimum.
It was good.

HE STILL HAS TO GO LINDSEY!!!

I thought CONSERVATIVES had Principles. At best you and John are at 50%.

Fire Trump
You and @SenatorTimScott must IMPEACH the nazi-sympathizing traitor! Cybercommand outside of NSA? Could he make it easier for Russia?
Stand up or be complicit in America's decline and get voted out. I cannot believe the gop has sunk so low that you are condoning a racist.
That Nazi traitor won't address the fact that Russia hacked us and you think he should have a cybercommand outside of NSA? Are you in on it?
Thats more like it,
Leave cyberspace alone. The only way we really have to fight our representatives. Writing to their office is met with a form letter
You just keep giving POTUS participation  .
Stop.
Sure, considering the Russians no longer have to perform cyber attacks... they can just give 45 a call.
Have you ever met a military escalation you didn't like?
Just like a lot of people are gender confused, you seem to be politically confused.
He just trashed you and you're still sucking up?
Lindsey Graham you need to get on the stick IMPEACH Trump 25th amendment
Let's be wary that it's not the beginning of a partnership with Putin, which Trump said was agreed upon at the G-20.
It IS a good idea. So whose idea was it? We know it wasn't his.
WTF!!  DO YOU EVEN SEE WHAT A MORALLY INSANE MAN @POTUS IS?!
#trumpapologist
Why do you try to placate after taking what looks like the right and courageous stand.  You are reverting to sycophancy!
Drump doesn't even know what this all means. And you are giving him credit? Wow
SUPPORT THE PRESIDENT
UNWAVERINGLY
Head back in Trump's crotch, @LindseyGrahamSC ?
Getting a Russian contractor to write the code, not so great.
That's ok as long as it isn't used against US Citizens.
Why isn't this reported told you we support Trump
We the people are actively PRAYING that the Lord will remove u and the others from office. We want new REPUBLICAN Leadership
Nothing like working with Putin to destroy more of America
Healthcare and tax cuts Lindsey, better get with your boy McCain
Glad you have something favorable to tweet about #POTUS.
TRAITOR!
Wow.  You know, fighting enemies, foreign and domestic is the oath you swore to, yet, still ass kissing a traitor daily? Big brother. #1984
The American people can't rely on you to watch out for us or the country. #CountryOverParty #ImpeachTrumpNow
Hey Lindsey ... too late buddy. Sucking up now won't change anyone's opinion about you. You are either all in.....or out!
They have shoes named after @LindseyGrahamSC   call flip flops
Thank you for supporting our president!
This is TWICE I've seen a tweet by you FINALLY defending @POTUS! Are you finally getting your head on straight or is this a one time deal?
really? Trump lacks any kind of decorum to run the presidency or to make decisions that are not in Russia's favor.
Don't you mean great decision by someone other than POTUS. He's never had an original idea in his life. Unless you count not paying debts.
IMPEACHMENT

IS THE 

MOST POWERFUL

CAMPAIGN

TACTIC

YOU WILL

EVER ENCOUNTER

You choose how history remembers you by your actions.
You are ridiculous...it is like this past week never took place?!?! Way to put party over country
Stop complimenting him - Jesus Christ man you are being gaslighted you realize that don't you?
There should be no praise of this man! This is not a "business as usual" time in our country. Do better @LindseyGrahamSC
Perhaps America shouldn't have "cracked down" on "hackers" in the 90s, sending our cyber security minds out of the country, many to Russia.
As long as it's legit and doesn't stomp on civil rights! You ppl need to monitor!
Good that he discussed the How and What already with Putin!
proud of Sen. Graham for calling out POTUS and putting country before party!!
THANKYOU!!!!!!!
Thank God President Trump is president.  America is safe with him in charge.
Healthcare? Infrastructure? Animal and Homeless Shelter Funding? Pass some Laws to dismantle SeaWorld ... anything but more war ... JFC.
Lol. In partnership with Russia, I'm sure...
It also protects classified information from non-military political operatives
I support my President and want you to Stand with President Trump and support him
And Trump totally came up with this on his own....oh whatever, he didn't even know it existed yesterday.
Stop bouncing around Lindsey, finish your trains of thought. Still have a President that breeds hate for those different, most of America.
Crackpot War Matrix ...
He's only gonna set up some council that won't actually do anything like the 3 councils that were disbanded
Don't kiss a$$. It demeans you
@POTUS could learn a few things from Graham in how to conduct ones self but it can be very difficult to reason with people like @POTUS
Stop trying to find things to pat him on the back for when he continues to function in chaos like a total train wreck.
Really, when did he make it? Between Twitter rants?
I see wt ur doing. Like the article advising women to treat husbands like puppies reinforcing "good" behavior. Ur trying to train him 
Ready to just move on from him defending neo-nazis, eh? Do you know how many people don't feel safe in this country anymore?
If in fact it was his idea, which it certainly wasn't.
Too little too late for this clown car administration.

I'm going to faint. President Trump did something @LindseyGrahamSC  approved of?
Excellent plan!
It figured u are such a looser just like him!
Interesting. Last I heard it was being cut.
Your trying to promote this President will only bring you down when he inevitably goes down
Giving up additional freedoms is often the cry from third world dictators and totalitarian countries ...all in the name of keeping us safe.
Pfft...The Generals told him to do this.
So now you have something good to say about the President??  You traitor!
Wow, that didn't take long for you to get back in the Fuhrer's lineup. "The president is a racist, but I can work with a racist.."
Ugh, Lindsey. Don't kiss his a**. #ImpeachTrump
The @gop has a short attention span. That why they won't #DoSomethingGOP
McCain needs his ass wiped better get on it .
.@LindseyGrahamSC  is now patting a racist Nazi sympathizer on back for a "great" distraction from cville coms, that distracted from russia
People ask why I cut you no slack Lindsey. This is why right here.  BTW, you've got some 45 on the corner of your mouth.
Ouch
Your deference to a racist Nazi sympathizer is gross to witness.
Most of the comments here are by liberals Sen. Graham. It says a lot about why most Republicans think you're a joke. I'm one of them.
MAGA!
Lindsey plz take a seat with the rest of the useless GOP 
Yep. Just when you think he might be ok... he opens his mouth
Agreed, the GOP aren't trustworthy.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.
How does this effect and protect our personal privacy?
SERIOUSLY?
Trump probably doesn't even know what he did. Someone needs to define unified combatant command for him
Thanks for finishing Donnie's tweet. Highly unlikely it was his or Bannon's idea which is why it is a good devision.
Especially for the Russians if Cyber Command routinely briefs POTUS.
Yet again, the @GOP continues with their own agenda, allowing Trump to get by with #NoConsequences. He must be held accountable.  #DoYourJob
Plz do not back down to Trump & let his tweets get to you! The Ppl will support you if you stand up to this POTUS' racism!
When are you going to get a backbone?
When you praise POTUS all I hear is , "here boy, good boy, have a cookie. "
Come on Graham?? This guys can do no good for our Country but resign!!! He's out of control&misuses Presidential powers! He only serves DT!
Yes, suck up again to your Master.  Don't you get Dizzy with all the quick turnarounds?
keep licking them boots, lindsey
He didn't make the decision. He is a puppet of Prez Bannon. He reads what Bannon puts in front of him and has fox read to him. #puppet
He's still a white supremacist traitor.  How weak and pathetic you are!
Your praise of the white supremacist POTUS about anything is repugnant. Stand for American values, have a spine. #ImpeachTrump #FireBannon
