.@LindseyGrahamSC Why is it crazy Senator? You know what perjury is, don't you? I was under impression you wanted to get to bottom of this?
So you're okay with the nation's chief law enforcement officer LYING under oath? What if it was Hillary?#Hypocrite @LindseyGrahamSC
listen to the Voice of Reason, senator.  Lol
when are you announcing that your switching to the Democratic party?  Might as well. You're losing your Republican base.
Senator you to lead instead of sounding like an obstructionist. PUTCOUNTRY BEFOREPARTY! IVESTIGATERUSSIA TIES! #TRUMPGATE
he's done the same thing he accuses bill Clinton of. Lying. He SHOULD  resign.
not crazy. Needs to be done. He lied under oath.
yes, well your tune would be different if he were a Dem.
Senator you need to PUT COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY ! IF THIS WAS Hillary you would be going nuts ! SHAMEFUL! #TRUMPGATE
He lied in confirmation testimony. Is this a smoking gun? What is at stake?
Based on his actions in the past year, do you believe Sessions is working for ALL the American people or Trump?
no, its exactly what is called for...GOP whitewash attempts are what is crazy...do your job, serve your country, not GOP
POTUS: Flynn did nothing wrong except LIE to VP; must go. 
YOU:Sessions did nothing wrong except LIE UNDER OATH must stay?
Are you serious? Flynn was booted for almost same exact thing—the only difference? Sessions lied to Congress under oath...
Again, no, he didn't.  You need to move away from the pot-filled air of the west coast.
are political party loyalties more important to you than your country?
.@LindseyGrahamSC U need 2 distance urself from Sessions. He's GOING DOWN & up 2 this point u & @SenJohnMcCain r only GOP voices of reason!
If Holder pulled that, you would have joined the chorus for his resignation. Truth.
WRONG
It's NOT crazy
You left out an apostrophe: "Sessions' ". Apart from that, time will tell who's crazy.
@UncleBill25~OMG! Some people were thinking that you was going to start doing the right things...but you let them down! SMH
#Notreallycrazy This will end badly for your party you cant contain it you might as well get out in front Save your legacy
resignation over perjury is "crazy," is it? Interesting.
Crazy is the fact that the Repub Senate members don't seem to think that being ATTACKED by RUSSIA is a big deal. Crazy!
NO...YOU are CRAZY and CORRUPT for allowing TrumpBannism to flourish under your watch.  You are on record as friends with JS.
no it's not. He's your friend but he lied.
I thought lawyers who lied under oath were disbarred. This is worse than Flynn. @SenJohnMcCain
Not crazy in the face of a lie in answer to a confirmation hearing question.  Perjury is a criminal offense.
Do you think he would still have been confirmed if he hadn't lied? If your answer is no, then #Sessions needs to resign
if his answer is "yes", Sessions still needs to resign and Graham needs to be voted out.
Graham is one of the good guys on the Republican side. In the end, he will do the right thing
Let's hope.  I don't much care for him, but notice my statement is a Co ditional "If" statement,
GOP COVERUP.
Huh. So GOP position: brown undocumented people must be severely punished, but rich old white conservative guy - nah?
Really? Is this the new standard? Pres and the attorney general lie and it's ok u r better than that
Crazy? Way to maintain yr objectivity, @LindseyGrahamSC! You & @SenJohnMcCain need to stop being @GOP first & Americans 2d. This is serious
no it's not. He lied under oath for God's sake
you all were so bad, you neglected your jobs for 8yrs! !!! And you still have NOTHING for the American people.
,how is that crazy, if it was a Democratic AG you all would be doing the same thing.
Did Sessions lie, and was he under oath at the time? If the answer to both is "yes" then isn't that perjury?
No.  What's CRAZY - are Republican politicians excusing and enabling the man's straight up LIES.  Leahy questions as import
No it's not, u know it Senator.Stop w/ur money over country self serving agenda. It's time. Aren't u tired of lying daily?
.@LindseyGrahamSC No ma'am what's crazy is the GOP letting this administration get away with what it has unchecked! Keep them within the LAW
No @LindsayGrahamSC not crazy. No justice in US w/Sessions as AG. Support voting rights. NOT private prisons, perjury & collusion w/Russia.
Respectfully, Pres Clinton was impeached by Republican Congress for lying under oath. Was Mitch McConnell "crazy" in '98?
why is it crazy? Not enough evidence yet? He didn't intend to mislead? He panicked?
My mom used to say a lie of omission is still a lie. Sessions lied to Congress. Profile in Courage.....not on Capital Hill.
And you thought white southern men would just be accused of racism. Try treason. Not surprising in this administration.
.    Cmon Senator something smells really fishy with Trump crew
Give @LindseyGrahamSC time to meditate on his oath to defend the Constitution, the global extent of the threat, his party's demise...
you cannot have the top law enforcement official in land as a liar.  We need to stop marginalizing liars. It's wrong!
Are you serious! So your saying perjury is OK?!
That you don't agree shows that you promote fascism and racism and are a disgrace to America.
if meeting w Russian ambassador is so typical, why was Sessions the only 1 on the committee to do so and why did he lie?
because perjury and colluding w Russia is no biggie.
NOT CRAZY AT ALL. HE NEEDS TO GO.  YOU MUST THINK WE'RE CRAZY.........OR STUPID.
So lying under oath is ok? God help USA when #1 @Justice Dept. lies under oath & all of you just are Bannon puppets! SAD!
he doesn't have to resign. If Congress had any courage, they'd impeach him for lying to YOU.
It's just a LITTLE LIE, right Scarlett?
He lied under oath to get the job. Not crazy at all. #scpol
Not crazy JS lied Don't try to parse the lang.Asked about Russ and he said no.Clinton was impeached for lie #TheResistance
@soledadobrien As my toddler would say...no you're crazy, Lindsey Graham.
Have supported you...you are wrong on this one.  Sessions was questionable to begin with.  Wrong fir AG, needs to go.
Resignation is not "crazy" as the Russia connection is EXTREMELY disconcerting.
He lied under oath. Doesn't matter what they talked about - he lied. Time for you and GOP to act like adults.
Sessions called for an independent prosecutor for the Bill Clinton tarmac chat with then-AG Lynch. No shame in the GOP?
PERJURY. Step up.
Lindsey, be sure to be around when Beauregard goes down, wink wink, nudge nudge!
The AG of the United States lied under oath at his confirmation hearing about illegally communicating with Russia.
Are you kidding me? All of you Republicans are the same. It's Party over Country. #Pathetic.
Were you in an enchanted slumber during the Nixon administration? Have a staffer google "John Mitchell perjury" for you.
no it is not he is a collaborator with the Russians in putting a spy in the White House stop denying the truth
did you not see that train wreck of a press conference? He can't remember anything from a sept 8th meeting? Really? Really?
they impeached Bill Clinton didn't they
You old Confederates have to stick together, huh?
he's guilty of treason and espionage not to mention  purgery cannot be AG
If it were me then you would have the same glib response?
No.
@maggieNYT I thought u cared about America, but supporting this cover up is corrupt
Just remember Senator Graham, democrats are not your base. GOD BLESS TRUMP
perjury is illegal
it's actually American as defined by our constitution, which seems to continually be getting in the way of this admin.
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC you're famous!
He can't mince words. He perjured. He is AG. Oxymoron. He must resign and be investigated.
Not Crazy=Great State of South Carolina has law-abiding citizens, who could be A.G.! You support a liar
He lied under oath. Perjury is a felony. You're OK with this from America's top law official? What happened to rule of law?
I am a DEM and I agree, at least at this point. Appreciate so much what cte is doing but prefer independent commission
GOP is rotten to the core. Party of greedy traitors with no values. Repulsive.
time to examine our conscience and think is this fair to both parties and Americans: NO
Thank to Fox News for airing the entire question and answer. God bless Jeff Sessions
Strange democrats didn't mind Lynch having a talk with Bill Clinton on Hillary's trouble
Strange democrats didn't mind Eric Holder a black panther.
Senator I respect your opinion but didn't you  do the same thing to Bill Clinton for much less transgressions

He perjured himself, I don't think resignation is crazy.
Buddy, in this race, you don't get to ride two horses. Either you're on the side of democracy or you aren't.
you tried to get Clinton impeached for the exact same thing
Use your head, man. It's not crazy if he lied to the Senate. His recusal is the only thing keeping him out of jail.
No. It's not crazy. It is sensible. Sessions LIED under oath. How can you expect public to follow the law when AG doesn't?
United States Senator Mr. Lindsey Graham of the Great State of south Russia-lina, crazy ehh
ask yourself wwidiswd, what would I do if sessions were democrat
you have one foot on a banana peel 
so perjury is ok with u sen graham? #Wewillrememberinnovember #TrumpRussia #impeachmentiscoming
every Republican loves mother russia, than their own Country. CRAZY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
crazy is YOU defending him for lying under oath. Stop putting party over country!!
he needs to resign, just like Trump he can't be trusted
- oh come on, you can't be serious? He either flat lied or has dementia. Either way, not fit to serve.
@jeffsessions LIED under oath!Remember the same thing YOU impeached Clinton for? Stop the hypocrisy & put country b4 party!
What if a person he was prosecuting was found to lie under oath?
He lied under oath! Resignation is a no brainer.
he should resign! Unfit to serve as AG
you too do not understand perjury? Wow.
he should have never been given the job!
He lied under oath! He should resign. If he had nothing to hide he should have told the truth! Investigate him!!!
By the way, I'm neither Dem or Rep! I'm an American!!!!
Honorable man.  The dead fish Party stinks they r so rotten.  Tired of all this.
c'mon linds, you wanted @billclinton gone for lying about a bj. How many glory holes are in your CLOSET? #Sessions
He committed perjury lying under oath to the senate you're part of. How are you not enraged by this?
yes it is.  What about Lynch on the tarmac colluding or Holder Fast n Furious?  And email Killary?  get over it!
so you're cool with lying under oath? Good to know.
He lied under oath?! Doesn't that matter to you anymore?
we are tired of the GOP defending trump and his cronies. Trump is a world class liar
How is that crazy? Even if he didn't commit perjury, evidence exists #SeessionLied to YOU and your Senate colleagues!
I'm SURE you wouldn't be saying that if it was one of Obama's people or Clinton's! It's called being a HYPOCRITE!
Yes, be very careful of your words here You & Sen McCain have some credibility right now; up to YOU to Keep it
oh Lindsey, you're just an inconsistent and sometimes hypocritical mess, aren't you?
He lied under oath sir. Americans want to see truthfulness as part of Democracy. We want an indepent investigation
Ask yourself, why did he lie under oath? What is he hiding?
He lied under oath both verbally & in writing. You can't deny that. That is a felony & he should be charged.
Your statement is absolutely inaccurate and irresponsible. People over politics; country over party. DO THE RIGHT THING!
really? What if it was Hillary that lied. Still feel the same that she shouldn't resign?
so WH new policy is LIE always because Republicans will cover for you! Corruption will catch up with you all ! Karma
Sessions lied under oath. It's a felony. Do you seriously want an AG who is a known felon? C'mon, you're better than this!
you and your party will pay a steep price for your Party over Country policy! Sleep well while you lose all integrity!!
, do you recommend @GOP lie under oath (when it's useful to lie of course)?
you are a Hypocrite! Country over party in Town Hall but not in real world! laws don't matter anymore in Trumps world
Friends disappoint. Trust has been broken. Consequences are essential.
WTF!  this administration is in Putin's wallet... and you are letting it happen!
No. Whats Crazy is that somehow you think this and the rest of this Admins behavior is ok. #impeachnow
What is wrong with you; he lied under oath. Stop playing politics and do what's right #CountryOverParty #FireSessions
Do not justify lying under oath, very wrong of you. Would you advise your kids or family to do the same? If not it's not ok
called perjury! I guess that is ok for AG? SHAME ON YOU! You just said country over party last night!! Where is that ?
why do all roads lead to Russia with this administration?  Is there anyone in the immediate circle who isn't tainted ??
Lindsey don't make me call you again! He lied to the Senators! You BS when you see it!
I heard u last nite say u put country before party. Guess the new day changed that. Coward
Why is there such a big coverup from GOP about Russia Senator Graham?  If it looks like a duck, quacks.....it's a duck!
Is it though? Have Republicans lost all integrity? Regardless of party, we should all care if politicians commit perjury.
.@LindseyGrahamSC It's not crazy. He perjured himself. You'd accept no less than resignation if it were Eric Holder or Hillary Clinton
do you even care about America anymore or is just GOP all the way?
is it not the same situation as with Richard Kleindienst who resigned and plead guilty to a misdemeanor?
You're on the wrong side of this.

I am puzzled about why you can't stand up.

You prosecuted Clinton for less.
says a "Russia hawk" #dehawkized #partyovercountry
@soledadobrien not crazy -- the entire Russia-Trump affair stinks!  And you don't want any of that polecat s*it on you!
It's not " crazy." It's a stretch, sure. But how much evidence of Russian influence do you need? He should be investigated.
it's not that he met with the ambassador that is at issue, that could be totally innocuous. It's that he committed perjury
we Europeans believe its crazy that no independent enquete-commission investigating #russiagate is in place yet!  #resist
nice job last night but the racist AG has got to go. To much baggage
seriously! Where is your integrity as an American? Obviously you have none, just another R shill.
wait, Senator! I thought you were the chief advocate for investigating the Trump administration and its ties with Russia?
@soledadobrien "Good people don't smoke lies" think about your angel friend. America first Senator
Really? Jeff Sessions perjured himself before y'all. You should be asking for his head. Are you compromised by the Russians too?
Most of your constituents disagree
@soledadobrien So when I testify in court next week under oath is it ok for me to lie or do I need to be a Sen or Rep?
@soledadobrien *Democratic- it's an adjective, not a noun
Why is it crazy? Why did he lie about his communications with the Russians? Why do you not seem to care?
. Just as crazy as impeaching a president over a bj, right?
@maggieNYT

No. He lied. That is perjury and is illegal.  Pruitt also lied to Senate and should resign as well.
Wait! You're calling Dems crazy. Look  at the teapot calling the kettle black!!!
You have definitely joined the rest of your peers! I had thought better of you. I was wrong! Just as bad as the rest!!!
Uh, not so much Senator
He LIED UNDER OATH. How can we trust an AG who lies UNDER OATH?
You mean, calling for a pol to leave office b/c he lied to congress? Like Jeff Session did,many times,to President Clinton?
I want his resignation and I'm not crazy, thanks. Crazy is an AG who lies and misleads Congress. I'm a SC resident  FYI
perjury. End of story...for now
I know you and Sessions are close, but Sessions served as 45s pre-election national security adv. team, surrogate
@SenSchumer @SenJohnMcCain @NancyPelosi How many times did GOP, R's call for AG Holder to resign? Was that crazy too? No.
it's really not that crazy Senator . This Russia connection story goes deeper. Country over party please
you should be calling for his resignation. His denial of R contact was an obvious lie. It is perjury. Disbarment at least!
thats better but you need to quit looking to eat your own and wait for the facts.  your legal background should help you
Lindsey put Hillary Clinton's name in for ol Jeff's. The headline would be What? If he lied he should be locked up.
bullshit Lindsey. Get real. He perjured himself. He can't prosecute his duties as chief law enforcement officer.
Crazy="Pledge Allegiance to the russian Flag ..."
@soledadobrien It's perjury, right?
is it?
good to know that lying has a place with you.
