
Flake: My Party Is in Denial About Donald Trump http://politi.co/2vZuabX  via @politicomag
Love You can't watch Parisi...have fun and kick butt
Perino
You love Fox. All they give is alternative facts
Why not try talking to real news instead of fake fox?

Trump hasn't signed the sanction bill.
Senator Graham, please while your credibility is still intact, don't do it. Right now you are one of the bright lights in the GOP, don't.
Go to a real station. Ones that rep the other 65% of the nation.
India,our strong Ally try to have a war against China(real sponsor of nuclear program of Noko),Time to take an action to remove Kim Jung-Un.
U are SO wrong on this issue https://twitter.com/supraTruth/status/881553200251150336 …
No
Are you going to say you will #ImpeachTrump  and #SaveOurCare ? Because that's all I want to hear.
The ACA is the law of the land.  We are tired of your efforts to sabotage. The vast majority of Americans support ACA improvements.
There is a BIPARTISAN coalition in the House.  Why don't you take note of the 17% approval to repeal and follow their example?
Don't you mean LYING to Dana Perino?

.@MonicaCrowley: "There are some Republicans...who are as interested as Democrats and the media are in destroying Donald Trump." #Hannity 
I caught you on the story.. that BS.. you don't fool me for one second .. I know you against # MAGA.. 2020 just around the cent. SC DEEP RED
I don't want to hear how you are trying, yet again, to screw average Americans with this tax cut for the rich and corporations. Bite me.
Nope. I get paid to listen to people's feelings.
Nope!
Lol. Just lettin folks know. Aren't u even curious?
Hell to the no.

Will not watch
Tell the truth about your knowledge of Trump laundering money for the Russians. We have a right to know.
Tell me Lindsey, why do you like Trump so much?  It cannot be because he's a republican because he's not a true republican. Tell us why...
Because he calls him late at night to whisper sweet nothing in his ear.

But, Maria is back. 
Lindsey, pls address the unconstitutional speech Trump gave to the police officers! Why is no one doing anything about this in Congress??!?
Sorry..No propaganda for this family. Thanks, but "no thanks."
I'd rather put hot sauce in my eyes with a knife.
Why the hell would I wanna hear you?
state run news, no thank you.
Oh are you afraid that Trump's not going to take your insurance away?  Well join the club.

Republican Sen. Susan Collins just rejected her party’s premise that the ACA can’t be reformed http://bit.ly/2tU2c40  
Thank God .

Not if your on Faux News!
Why?!?!?!?
Not the propaganda station. Go on real news program.
are you now?
Do NOT stop on health care!!!!
Lindsey I'm a Conservative. I will not watch the @FoxNews disinformation service. Thanks though.
Mr Graham best be nice, respect the President. # you not god!!!!
http://www.healthinsurance.org/south_carolina-state-health-insurance-exchange/ …  Do not depend on your Senator to tell whole truth about your HC. Plenty of factual info available to you SC voters
Usual rhetoric.."failing", "imploding", "premiums skyrocketing" etc. not quite full story. BCBS of SC doing well & not likely to leave.
Did Sen. G. fail to mention that 90+ % of SC ACA policy holders get fed. gov subsidy help with prems. Increases will be picked up by subsidi
Unless of course Pres T. gets his wish for subsidies to be withheld. Then you are screwed for sure....thanks to POTUS and Sen Graham.
BORING
Another one of your talk tough, do nothing appearances.
Thanks for the warning.
I don't watch Fox News. Sorry
@DanaPerino pls tell @LindseyGrahamSC that @The_RGA is #DeepState and #POTUS needs to hold them accountable for #ObamaCare $$

Nah; I gotta wash my hair. Let me know when you decide to represent your constituents and protect their health care tho.
Only interviews on state run media channels...will interview on sinclair media also
Try going on an actual news station. Fox is not registered as news its registered as entertainment TV.
Will you address the loss of 5k jobs that occurred in your home state today?  Or the economic impact to the surrounding counties?
Will you be resigning?  If so I will watch.  If not I don't want to hear your lies.  #MAGA

Nope. We don't watch State Run Media.
Not on your life! FauxNews is a propaganda outlet targeting the mentally deficient
Why to screw the President or the people you dont care yours is paid for by us
No thanks
will you tell her why your buddy @SenJohnMcCain screwed the ppl just to get even with @Potus????
Most of us don't watch FAUX! You're pathetic! 
Sen.LindseyGRAHAM of South Carolina, your good (Buddy) Sen. John McCain that I CALL  a senior friend began his Chemotherapy; if a TRUTH
WATCHING NOW,  @FOXNEWS @DANAPERINO
Will you explain how you voted for skinny repeal despite calling it awful legislation?
Oh he is introducing his healthcare repeal bill and it's hideous
A man who lives in the closet is not to be taken serious.
Why has the @POTUS not signed the Russia sanctions bill yet?  Please follow up for the country

I hope you announce that you are kicking @realDonaldTrump out of the Whitehouse.
you will never be president being exclusive the state run media.
I think u can hold your own on any Network but I don't watch her on Fox so will have to miss what important news u have. Bret Baier is ok.
Lol, like you are going to actually say anything that you are thinking
Sorry Senator can't watch anything of the trump propaganda network!
Why hasn't Trump signed sanctions bill?
Please discuss why Americans are not as worthy as 58 other CIVILIZED nations to have HC
"Free market" does NOT work. We've been there.
Why? You are all talk and no action.
No thanks
Propaganda channel. Loss of credibility.



Whatever you do, don't peddle the conspiracy lies from "Circa" - throwing sand in people's faces is HURTING OUR GREAT NATION!
Are u really that afraid of going on cnn or msnbc? Maybe you're afraid of tough questions. Hey how about Lawrence O'Donnell on Last word?
I think a class act Senator like @LindseyGrahamSC would want to avoid a far left conspiracy theorist hack like @Lawrence

can you say that thing about when was worse Trump or Cruz again?? 
No. I'm um busy.
Please go on a real news network for once. @FoxNews is a lying @GOP politburo and it's demeaning. Show some gravitas.
Drive until there's nothing but trees and then get out and walk.
You betray all Patriots by breaking your promise to repeal Obamacare. Disgusting.
State news instead of real news?  Guess you aren't going to save us.

Next?????
Talk about Trump being mentally unfit, and how to remove from officeZ
Are you going to talk about the Russian sanctions hold up?
That is like talking to yourself.  No thoughts, Ideas or cognitive recognition.

Wonder if the peroxide has anything to do with that
@LindseyGrahamSC Discuss the hard work trump did on healthcare.
Wake up Tina.  If is factually correct that trump put a lot of work in.  @LindseyGrahamSC well not so much.
Can't stand her voice. Or her. And somewhat annoyed with you too, Senator

#TheResistance had parade for Murkowski

Applauded Collins in airport…

Murkowski being welcomed back to Alaska. 
https://www.adn.com/politics/2017/07/29/murkowski-faces-difficult-proposition-of-bipartisan-process-focused-health-care-reform/ … 

.@DMRegister: "Trump's threat to cut Obamacare funding could cause IA premiums to spike even more" #TrumpPremiumTax 
http://goo.gl/8Bvp4T 

Senator Hirono's emotional final plea against WealthCare didnt get much recognition. Sharing it with you. 

.@SenatorBaldwin: “It is time to put aside these efforts to sabotage, to destroy, and to repeal & replace” #TheBeat 
