No CBO score. No hearings. No debate. Sounds like a recipe for the disaster it is.
Corvette, in a way I agree with you but debate with the Dems we will all be dead by the time they agree on any thing.
Even Repubs are calling for regular order & are in control of each branch. Using the legislative process to pass a bill should be standard.
I agree I just don't know what it will take to get them to compromise Amd get a consensus.
The Republicans & Democrats in the Problem Solvers Caucus are compromising already in the House. #FixNotFight Commitee needs to act!
It is the senate that is always the problem. I know a long time ago moderate Dems would work / Repb, but Schumer said no
Because GOP refuses to sign on to a bill that doesn't drastically cut medicaid. Not kidding.
This bill doesn't hurt Medicare as far as I know, if  affects some states the money will have to be paid.
Mr Graham at least you gave us a chance thank you and Mr Cassidy for your work, now we hope the others do THEIR job.
What about those of us stuck in crappy states with legislative bodies clocking in at a collective IQ slightly higher than Forrest Gump's?
This is a fundamentally bad idea.  It doesn't guarantee coverage for all.  We've seen "states rights" policies enacted before.  Disaster!
@LindseyGrahamSC so why do hospital, MD, RN assns, AARP, D&R governors, all OPPOSE this legislation then? #grahamcassidy is bad for America.
Well so was Obamacare!
actually no, the only group out of the list that I just mentioned that were against the ACA was the R governors. The rest were in favor.
You are a traitor! We will never forget nor will we ever forgive. I personally will come to SC to campaign for a primary opponent of yours.
As your president would say: "WRONG!"
Competition ha these insurance agencies get together to set their prices and we have to pay wake up there is no competition
I was not a fan of yours because I felt you were not supporting @POTUS enough until I saw leadership with this bill, now I am on the fence.
What about "regular order"??? It's time to work together for the American people. BTW-you work for US
NEVER been more disappointed in you Lindsey, sorry and sad. Change coming 2018
How much $ has the health industry and #Koch bros given ya? When know it’s all about the money & I hope SC votes u out. #maga #trumptrain
"Power back to the states?" Why?  How does that enhance health care?  It doesn't.  It's code for allowing the states to use $ for other
purposes.  It's code for eliminating funding for health care, and eliminating the tax on the wealthiest.  Everything you do is for that
purpose.  The @GOP is owned by the Kochs and other very wealthy and very greedy fools.  They want to rewrite how government works, for their
own benefit, at the cost of Americans who need and deserve the assistance far more than they do.  Start y writing a bill that guarantess
You want to yank coverage from millions to create a competition of ideas? Healthcare isn't a mind game, it's life & death. Fix the ACA.
You're giving states that opted to not expand #Medicaid or set up exchanges a chance to take from the ones that did. How is that fair?
U.S. is now a Third World country other than its bloated military. Congrats!
This shouldn't be a states issue. Americans should have the best possible health care benefits no matter where they live!
What skeletons in your closet, what kompromat against you, would make you push this crappy monstrous killing machine of a bill?
You are disgraceful
Your bill violates the core principle "first, do no harm." When the American Medical Association opposes your bill, then your bill stinks.
This is rotten to the core.
Neither is aca. You could work bipartisan to fix it. But winning is more important than doing what's best for everyone.
Gives them power to price people out of their coverage. Fix this NOW!!
We want a guarantee that no one takes away preexisting conditions. Can you guarantee states won't do this? Put in in writing!!
It's the "not perfect" part of your bill that kills people. Killing people for politics is not ok.
And it allows devastation of the pre-existing clauses and life time caps -why don't you admit that? Jimmy Kimmel is right - I read the bill!
WE already hv a decent, yet imperfect system. If u just *FIXED*(Not strip) the #ACA & chgd the name, u COULD tout something perfect, right?
Of course, that would require empathy & concern, something most #Obstrucionists don't have.   Shame!!!!
Acne, Arthritis, Cancer, Hysterectomy, Knee Surgery, Migraines, MS, Obesity, Sleep Apnea pre existing that can deny coverage to many! TRUE??
People should be priority not trying to help Trump clean up bad campaign promises. You had years to work on plan, you give us garbage care
This is a terrible plan. "Well, I mean... it's better." Just fix the ACA. That will mean you have to work with the Democrats.
The same people you were complaining about not wanting to help you. You must do better or resign.
For you to have the audacity to call this, imperfect is disgusting. After Obama challenged Republicans to come up with better than ACA SHAME
I think U just want 2 make your boss happy. Who cares what happens 2 the people. U all should have the same health care as us. Ur rich tho.
.@LindseyGrahamSC I don't get you, man. I'm a Dem but often like things you say. Then u turn around and produce utter shite like this. SAD!
Election time I will have SC MuscularDystrophyAssoc Parent Project Muscular DystrophyNatl backing your opponent #grahamcassidy #REMEMBERZACH
Power 4 states to go bankrupt or kill their residents. Is a tax break 4 the rich more important than the health of a child? How do u sleep?
Neither was ObamaCare, so why didn't @GOP fix it?
Red states are poor states, with limited resources, and lots of discriminatory practices.
you mean transfers money to republican states. Your just another privileged thug! Fix Healthcare!
Obamacare isn't perfect so get rid of it. Graham/Cassidy isn't perfect so pass it.  Really?
Use regular procedures to pass it, not the same way Obamacare came to be. Senator McCain is right about that.
How about you & the rest of the Trump GOP go find your own little piece of land and take your failed healthcare plan with you.
it does the exact opposite really
So you want to repeal obamacare because it's not perfect, and replace it with something that's not only not perfect, but dangerous? Ok.
You are going to be responsible for many deaths. Shame on you.
Far from perfect. More like #Deathcare. Vote NO @senrobportman. Ohio demands it!
If it's not perfect, why pass it when it harms millions? How does "giving pwr back to states" help sick & needy afford ins when u cut fed $?
#GrahamCassidy is a SHAM! Throwing millions off healthcare and condemning thousands to die! SHAME on any who votes yes! #SaveACA
Those two things are permissible. Your death bill isn't. You don't get to keep torturing us @GOP. You've forgotten how you eat.
What a load of crap. Now that John McCain is a no vote the will most likely will come up for a vote. Nice try Lindsey, but no cigar.
No one has assured us that #GrahamCassidy is better than OCare. Ppl aren't for #GC is bec they want Feds to take care of them.
Do Something.
It is a disgrace that you lie to the American people about their health.
So the threat by #KochBrothers to w/hold $400M from RNC is your motivation for this cruel bill even tho you know Americans oppose it!
If you buy Brawny paper towels, Angel Soft,Dixie cups, you've contributed cash to Georgia-Pacific, a subsidiary of Koch Industries .
Too many people left behind.Go to regular order.  I'm a registered Republican and I am tired of one-way partisanship. This is too important.
What happens if a sick person moves from one state to another?  Is it a wait and see what the new state will cover? #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Funny how you tweet an opinion article but discount Jimmy Kimmel's "opinion". He actually stated the facts about how horrible this bill is.
That is garbage, Lindsey. You and GOP are slamming a bill in prior to a deadline - a bill that is terrible for 32M Americans, the elderly.
The ACA is market-based. It encourages competition. If you want power to the states, tell GOP controlled states to set up exchanges.
Tell GOP Governors to accept the Medicaid expansion that will cover 4-5 million additional people overnight.
Tell you caucus to fund risk corridors for the carriers so they can stabilize and lower premiums thanks to less exposure and uncertainty.
In short, stop deliberately sabotaging the ACA, and STOP MURDERING AMERICANS.
Sincerely, a conservative with 15 years experience in health insurance.
For some odd reason, most health experts oppose this bill because of harm to patients, families, communities. Here's a few:
Is that All?!?  Aren't there more than that!?!
The idea is  no healthcare period .Back to the states means I will punish you if you dont vote GOP
It's absolutely amazing what some people will do for $. Thought you were better than that, now we know for sure who/what you actually are.
And takes it away from the citizens it will be directly affecting
That's damnable whitewashing. You're ready to condemn Americans to tremendous suffering. But hey, YOU'RE covered, right? #noGrahamCassidy
'Far from perfect?' How bout criminal? And you're leading it.  Get a clue.
States rights. Here's a plan: Those states who want their own rights need to secede.

#Breaking:#ObamaCare Is Creating Uninsured Crisis Among #MiddleClass.#RepealObamacare @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins http://www.investors.com/politics/columnists/betsy-mccaughey-obamacare-is-creating-an-uninsured-crisis-among-the-middle-class/ …
Yes, sort of like the Titanic wasn't perfect. But Sen. Graham will never have to agonize over HIS healthcare, will he? #YouCreateSuffering
Your bill is just another disaster kicking the can down the road. Your solution will become a problem.
The looks on your faces in this photo tells me all I need to know about this bill.
You can't smile genuinely because you know it is a SHAM.
No! Healthcare too huge for States to handle it. You create have and have not Americans. Not right. Fix what we have, then talk State power.
Or how about regulations on the insurance companies because that's the real reason premiums are so high.
Why not just improve the ACA?  Your plan will take away health care from people.
It. Kills. Thousands.
... of their voters. Likely, none of their donors, so at least they will still be funded.
You are morally bankrupt. I voted for you twice but never again. Getting rid of ACA w/o reasonable replacement is reckless and harmful.
If this is an acceptable healthcare option you should prove it by having it replace the one that congress currently receives
You use to be my fav R.  You've sold your soul my friend.  This. Is. Awful.
An LSU should resend Cassidy's MD and the state of Illinois take away his license to practice medicine!
Your donors are the only ones who seem to love it.
I see that your state will see an increase in federal funding if this passes. Most states including NC lose. @SenatorBurr @SenThomTillis
You should be ashamed of yourself! You are selling out millions of people for money and your name on a horrible healthcare bill.
U are really an A**hole..how in GODS name can U with a straight face say this bill is better than Obamacare..U will KILL POOR PEOPLE U
Everyone knows WSJ op eds r biased.
NOT PERFECT ??!! It is a disaster, an inhumane disaster and you know it. Shame on you !!! 
#KillTheBill 

Nobody understands, @LindseyGrahamSC doesn't care. He just wants to remove everything #Obama accomplished. #Heartless
And it has 2 more benefits, it takes health ins from millions and gives huge tax cuts to wealthy.
Say it with me, everyone: “THIS IS A LIE!”
GOP perversion of 'StatesRights' as the ability of States to discriminate at will within the Several States, absent Federal Oversight !!!
Just stop! leave the citizens to conduct their own business
Getting quality, affordable insurance to cover gallstones + broken arms + common cold does not require "competition of ideas" or the states

Can you please explain why the ENTIRE healthcare industry is against #GrahamCassidy???
REPEAL AND REPLACE Obama Care
Take able body person's off MEDICARE !
Lol. You should learn the difference between Medicaid and Medicare before posting such nonsense.
Your plan will hurt my family, and many others. These are people's lives. @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski please vote NO.
I just do not see how you can possibly imagine that this is good for South Carolina. You are tossing millions off of insurance.
Just don't call it repeal. Cause this bill does not repeal Obamacare. #draintheswamp
Again, shame on you.
Healthcare should be a basic right as a US citizen. It should be MY right. Not the state's right to decide if I can get it. Pack your bags.
Except it doesn't. Check w/Governor Dayton. Still waiting 4 approvals that were requested months ago. Directions followed, people penalized
It is an abomination
And when the states make healthcare unaffordable we will still blame YOU!
2/2 U will figuratively & literally kill http://ppl.How  can u sleep?Ppl should send u ashes of loved ones b/c u seem to want them.
If you wonder why people will take the time to piss on your grave one day, LOOK NO FURTHER!
A race to the bottom for creating loopholes for insurance companies to drop patients is not the competition we need.
Said Jesus, never
It's an abomination. Shame on you, Lindsey Graham. Stop lying. You've lost all respect and credibility.#FixACA
Another rich old white man speaking lies! This will ruin millions of lives.
Why the dead of night rush with no CBO score, debate, regular order?  Can’t the bill stand close scrutiny?  If it passes, GOP loses in 2018.
Why the rush? You afraid of what the scores would be if the budget office has time to look at it??  You and Cassidy are so SAD
How do you and Cassidy live with your lies???
It's time we got perfect.Consider Medicare-for-All tax, it may turn out cheaper than premiums.Seniors  Medicare, why can't the rest of us?
This is crap and you know it. Your bill takes billions from the system for tax cuts. Block grants to states puts burden on states not power
Graham-Cassidy is a product of political whoring. Graham sold out Americans to the insurance industry. What price honor? Graham's? Cheap.
No ACA is not perfect, but there are 20 million fewer uninsured because of it. Your Bill do the opposite and then some! For what?!
For heaven's sake, you see how said competition doesn't work in the Carolinas. Bug business will abuse patients. Get a grip man.
Liar.
I call bullshit on your explanation!  bottom line - you do not care what the people of this country want.
"Giving power back to the states" sounds an awful lot like states rights. You see where that got us before. Then again maybe you'd like that
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
you mean, nasty man. You know this bill will kill & you don't care. Every time I think you're human you prove me wrong
It's a horrendous bill, don't sugar coat this crap. How can you put your name on a bill that will harm so many Americans from ALL states?
Well. Let's have a national dialogue. Great idea.  Hold a town hall.  Let CBO score.  Let the public understand the proposal.

I used to liked U Senator ,but now when U doing something just to fulfill promise even if it is against ppl I don't any more!
Thanks to you Death Panels will become a reality.
"Affordable and adequate" basic coverage for "people with" pre-ex conditions does not equal protection for pre-ex conditions.
Not perfect. It is truly a bill that will KILL ppl. Get that through your thick skull. U will always have healthcare. U r denying others..
Point should be in IMPROVE HEALTHCARE, not redistribute power.  No bill should be up for vote w/o full legislative process & CBO.
And it will also kill a lot of people
If this becomes law it will kill people, and you know it. Republicans are psycopaths.
It’s a step backwards

LYING sack of crap...you are ruining our country! Get the hell out of our government. You are nothing but an old DUMB fart!
Ramming this through in a week is unconscionable! Where is normal order? This is a travesty of governance!
Handing off responsibility isn’t policy, it’s cowardice. Actually fix it or leave it alone
This is a lie. You are ramming through dangerous legislation that harms Americans for the benefit of your party and dark $$ donors.
Senator, the govs don't even want it. Why can't you work on a bipartisan bill which would fix the ACA?
Don't forget that it fucks over people in need.  That's key to getting full GOP support.
MY state will watch me go without.  How Fair is Zthat?!?!?
.What the Hell were u guys doing for 8 years? In any job, if u don't produce work in hours u r more likely to be fired! &u get paid on time!
No. No it doesn't.  It's an assisted suicide bill. Innocent lives will be lost bc of ur selfishness to 1up Obama
U just want 2 say u killed Obamacare. Slow ur roll Lindsay! Take chill pill. If your insurance covers it that is.
Not only is bill not perfect it is deadly! #GrahamCassidy will risk lives of seniors, sick, poor & disabled to enrich your wealthy friends!
By giving the reigns to the States brings inequality to HC. SC can't even fix our roads, they will screw our HC more. Regular order needed!
You had 9 months to get it done!  Republican Congress/Presidency!  Yet it wasn't done.  Now u want it rushed thru w/out appropriate review.
People will die. This bill is disgraceful and you should be ashamed. I pray you never see another term in office after ur deathcare bill.
Have you ever heard of the ratio on Twitter? You know when you've written a bad tweet when you have more comments than likes.
Power to the states sounds great if you live in a state not run by politicians who don't care if they ruin lives. Too bad I live in SC
Children behave better than this. Put your heads together and fix the ACA. The GOP obsession with Obama is beyond odd.
Senator graham, I am a pro-states right person. But I always marvel at when GOP decides when and what issue is a states right issue
Lindsey until this proposal I had respect for you . But this hurts so many people it is a disgrace to the human race . We are 2017
American's will NEVER Forget what you have done to them. You can take that to the bank. #AStormIsComing and you're in its path
Mr Graham I will say it again. We the voters of SC are watching you.
BUUUUULSHIT it is just the promise you guys made after you told your base how evil Obamacare was, it was you guys that convinced them
It will kill people.
I usually agree with you. You seem to have some common sense. But this is just wrong.
It's certainly not perfect, more specifically: disastrous, unconscionable, and on the verge of evil.
It stood on the verge of evil and jumped over that cliff a long time ago!
What you are doing is evil!! Lying about taking away healthcare from millions is deplorable! How do you sleep at night?
No No No Lindsey.  Vote No.  This is so serious, but maybe some levity would help.
I want you to understand how nervous this makes us out here we already have POTUS who just wants a win at the cost of many noCBO#novote
If the AMA is against this, then you better think what you are doing! This is wrong
The POWER stays with Big Pharma and the customer gouging insurance companies
It should be perfect. You owe us nothing less after 8 years of playing Monday morning quarterback.
Healthcare is a right, not a playground of profit. It's time for the US to grow up and join the rest of the civilized world.
Lindsey maybe you should read responses to your silly tweet and learn a few things about your silly bill.
Are you effin serious?!!!! The American people do NOT want this bill, the worst!!!!
My husband and I are self employed.  Health insurance is a constant worry.  Sen Graham this bill does not work.  Do better!
You are a greedy monster. Prenatal care, gone. Mental health coverage, gone. How do you live with yourself?
Hey bud why do you oppose Universal healthcare
YOU ARE DOING THIS TO TRY TO GET RE-ELECTED BY SAYING YOU REPEALED. Problem is this is a DEATH BILL #NoRepeal
and earned, not one but 2 degrees, BS and MS in engineering.  She could have left SC and made 100k+ (3/
It gives money to red states while telling largest blue states basically to go suck it. Hope u get primaried & lose those sweet campaign $s
And BTW, I'm tired of MY tax $$s supporting ur state because y'all can't pull yourself up by ur bootstraps like u tell everyone they should
This is the REAL reason you are trying to ram this bill thru-
So why bribe @lisamurkowski & let Alaska keep #Obamacare? Fraud
"A competition of ideas" within one party hellbent on ignoring the expert counsel of medical practitioners? Congratulations.
