An utterly empty gesture since the president, from your party I might add, couldn't bring himself to affirm the commitment to NATO himself.
Hey there, I did not vote for him or support him but he actually did commit to NATO publicly when the Romanian president was here.
But not while at @NATO. Pretty clear he is truly against a global support of our allies
We ARE putting US 1st by commitment NATO. united Europe prevents WWIII. U can see why an enemy like I dont know, RUSSIA might not want this
u are egregiously misinformed
Thank You Senator Graham! 100 - 0 is a Great Sign for our democracy!
A better sign would be to go on record calling for impeachment proceedings.
Lindsey Graham is a senator. They CANNOT impeach a president. 
Only the House can do that and right now they don't care enough.
It doesn't matter. Graham should use his voice to make the case anyway. We need any GOP MOC to speak up for our country.
Yeah!  Rethitht! 
Rethith!
Don't forget that t at the end 
RETHITHT 
Now please get rid of all UN expenditure They shud not be getting our money.  Mc Connelly and All Anti Trump People trying force through
No need to reaffirm. Europe just needs to pay up.
But do your have the same commitment when it comes to collusion with Russia? Or is this just another shiny object to distract voters?
There's no collusion if their were Obama n his people would have stopped Trump or stopped his installation as President. Obama hates him
excellent can you promise more money to an org that does little from the backs of amer taxpayers. Ur slave trade is complete
It's sad that you have to pass a resolution to reaffirm commitment to NATO in the first place. Too much #MAGA for you, it seems.
This really should a no duh moment.
Please resign.
Did we have/need this vote under Obama?  How did we get here.
Obama --despite what detractors say--DID try to do what was right by the people & the nation. Sad day that this vote on NATO was even needed
Obama was to busy giving  our money to Iran. To worry about the American people.
You're uninformed. We never gave any of "our money" to Iran
So in other words, "Fu*k you Trump". If you are this convinced Trump is crazy why are you continuing to let him act as president? Dump Trump
#Unity
too bad you even had to do this. Embarrassing!
Senate needs to. BACK our President!!!get Americans working taxes healthcare. NOT the Dems Agenda OUR>AGENDA
Help Jasper county,SC magistrate didn't care that wife lost job because of cancer  social security fighting us. HELP Evicte
You should be proud, reaffirming globalist support while siphoning U.S. resources and money will keep right on schedule. #bilderbergsuckup
Good news!
Okay, now all that's left on your to-do list is impeaching, convicting and removing Trump from office.
Good, but please remember that we continue to be under attack from a foreign power. Undermine the FBI at your peril.  .
A shame that dick Trump doesn't agree. (:
We need to see this same statement  of support to the President
Why was this even needed? Because trump said @NATO was obsolete?  The #TrumpRussia infatuation is very worrisome. Get rid of him asap
@LouiseMensch and what about the commitment to the US Constitution and the American people?

#ImpeachTrumpNow
Thank you.
Thank you Senator for showing we can be stronger than Trump/Bannon's efforts to disrupt

Now please show us the healthcare bill.
Thank you fine sir! @LindseyGrahamSC could you pls save Healthcare and kill Trumpcare disaster? My kid has pre-existing, I'm frightened.
Great, now if you could just get @POTUS on board we'd have the seeds of a sane foreign policy. Long way to go.
Just impeach and you wouldn't have to waste your time voting on things that shouldn't have to be an issue and you can get down to work
And we had to do this why?
Well done Sanator, the Atlantic relationship has brought us peace, stability and prosperity which is all at risk with this fool in the #WH
Hopefully your friend @realDonaldTrump doesn't undermine it.
Well done. But it is extraordinary that Senate must do this to reassure allies who didn't doubt commitment before Trump.
Oh! So now you're for it?
To bad you can't get the POTUS on board!
Congratulations! A bipartisan vote! NATO was created  during the presidency of Truman.
Isn't it sad that YOU had to sponsor a NATO resolution? Comrade Donny alienates allies so the Senate has to clean up? What a sh*# show.
POTUS clubs Cuba&ignores Russian Aggression and the Honorable Senator genuflects at the feet of the Derelict Commander in Chief. Pathetic
Now kick that would be Mussolini, DJTrumpf, in the ass, pronto!  He's lining things up to become the one man in the US who is above the law.
Great. Now please don't destroy the lives of all the people I know with pre-existing conditions.
republicans need to take a long look in the mirror. This shouldn't even be up for debate
Thank you, as an old 1960's U.S. Army tank crewman, I well understand the importance of NATO and our place in it. 100-0 vote, impressive!
Thank you Senator.
Good job
It's just too damn bad that you don't have the @POTUS on board....
and? I am against NATO so it is clear that the criminal senate is on their own program. Amazing that we have so many psychopaths there
What about your promise to participate in a bipartisan effort on healthcare. Whats hidden behind thise classed doors?   Rubels?
The fact that such a vote was needed is extraordinary.
Thank you! Now get ready to be indicted for #moneylaundering & #russiantreason!
Watch out Lindsey - Trump's gonna wanna fire you!
Congratulations! Here is something for further reflection:
Surprised Bernie Sanders and Rand Paul didn't vote No.
Make sure our so called president get a copy of it
Of course, if you didn't enable corrupt, incompetent POTUS, perhaps such resolutions wouldn't be necessary, would they? #CorruptComplicitGOP
So was such a bill ever necessary with any other president? Only with our obviously incompetent and treasonous current president!
Not sure this bill is something to be proud of. He's carrying out Putin's agenda & being enabled by the sycophantic GOP
Great.  Now get the President to affirm Article 5.
If by "historic" you mean normally unnecessary.
Oh. You should tell that to your party leader. Why couldn't he make that clear himself?  You shill for a despot.
You should put out a resolution reaffirming you & your republican friends are traitors.  How much Russian mob money have you taken, Senator?
I wish you would quit undermining our President.  Don't like it at all.
GO!
FANTASTIC!!
R/T   VOTE OUT ALL REPUBLICANS  IF THEY WANTS PARTY OVER PEOPLE  WE WANTS PEOPLE  OVER PARTY!   so we vote out next election  u to graham
VOTE OUT MARTÃNEZ  AND RUBIO NEXT ELECTION  TRAITOR  TRUMP  CAN PUT THEM TO WORK AT HIS HOTEL OH IM SORRY  HE'LL BE IN JAIL
Asking for a country...any particular reason why you felt this vote was necessary? 
Sen LG, you are one of the few Reps I can respect.    Thanks for being a voice of reason.    Too bad you didn't win the primary!
Which was only necessary because of the clowshoe in office who appears to be preparing fir a Saturday Night Massacre this weekend.
I hope your hands are clean Mr Graham cause the entire GOP seems to be speaking Russian
Did you tell our POTUS?
Impeach your boy. Disavow the election. Otherwise all your *accomplishments* pale to gop treason. Censure poser immediately
Thank you.
Sen Graham please stop this horrible healthcare bill which amounts to a tax cut for the wealthy! We need health care not tax cuts
thats whats wrong everyone wants credit
So our representatives in Washington finally can work together on something that benefits our Country - who knew? Thank you gentlemen!
Keep going around the clown in the WH.
A vote necessitated by your enabling of the most reckless POTUS in history. Historic indeed.
Just don't make us foot the bill for the world. Less than half of our 320 million population works & pays taxes
Not as historic as Trump's disastrous speech in Brussels
Thank you! Now perhaps you can do the same for Obamacare, NOT Trump/Ryancare. Fix Obamacare, don't destroy it for GOP's vanity's sake.
Now STAND Up, tell Trump he CAN NOT abdicate war powers to Mattis. Graham have a back bone uphold constitution. Stop putting Party first
Due respect senator, and I applaud your resolution. But I have to ask, why on earth would we need to reaffirm our commitment to NATO?
Thankfully Congress is filling the void in leadership from the White House.
Because you can't trust the president with ANYTHING.
Good. Now confirm your resolution to America and stop allowing secret bills.
Great news!
Why does GOP continue to support a president whom it has to shame in this manner? Clearly, he works in Russia's interests, not ours.
Thank you from a proud liberal!!!  Anyone who knows history knows the importance of NATO & this should receive bipartisan support!
Now we need a President is a dumpster fire resolution
Where are u on healthcare Are u 1 of the 1's thats going 2 screw me out of ins due to preexisting autoimmune disease? If u support it OWN IT
Lindsey Graham is a flip flopper so bet on him to support it.
An historically low point in European US relations, due to you hysterical choice of president, is my guess?
That's great but what about HEALTHCARE!!!
You have LOST YOUR CREDIBILITY,by NOT STANDING UP FOR OUR ELECTION & GOING AFTER TRUMP,HE WAS NEVER UNDER INVESTIGATION ! OBAMA SET THIS UP
Make peace with Russia!
This vote affirms the @ussenate is protecting our country.  Thank you.  #ImpeachTrump #NATO #SouthCarolina #MAGA
Why was this vote necessary? Oh, Yeah. #ImpeachTrump #NATO #SouthCarolina #MAGA
Time to dust off old GOP letter to allies that US president is temporary so ignore him!
Good work Sir....America reaffirms its international relations....suck on that Mr. Putin!
Congress shouldn't have to have this resolutions, Except the president won't make such an affirmation. His loyalty is to Russia. Shameful
Thank you on behalf of all Americans!!
Oh....so you do know how to make the right decision. Try applying that to other areas like, maybe healthcare, or your supreme leader.
You're still going down for collusion with the Russians, money laundering and all that jazz...
What's historic is that this was even necessary. Trump is a horror show.
Are you tired of cleaning up after Trump yet?
The historic moment was when the US President u are propping up refused to affirm our commitment & insulted NATO leaders. Nice job.
All needed now is run orange menace out of DC on a rail.then real progress.#TrumpRussia #Impeach45
News to Sen Graham: US 20 Trillion in debt. NATO gotta pay up. Not sure their open borders policies are wise for the long term
Great job!
So many judges and ambassadors to confirm,  health care, tax cuts, debt ceiling and firing a special council and your wasting time here?
What's next on the list of reaffirmations the world needs to hear to counter the complete lack of leadership coming out of the White House?
How many countries don't have an US Ambassador??? It's freakin June !!! State Dept is a disgraceful situation!!
That is a very good thing.
thank you senator. now if we could be as commited to healthcare and the Russian investigation. unity in washington!
Don't tell your boss and you'll be fine.
Sorry state of affairs that this bill was necessary. Now about that secret Trumpcare bill...
Glad to hear it.
Good thing you don't need House of Rep to back your resolution.
@realDonaldTrump didn't get the Memo!!!
On a side note: Did you notice the preponderance of citizens asked you to address the OBVIOUS fact that our @POTUS is compromised by Russia?
Isn't NATO a subordinate arm of the UN?
Now if we could get President Bannon out of the white house. Then Putin would not be running it.
Senator, the more you actively oppose Trump, the better history will view you. And vice versa. Hope you get that.
#Russia From a true conservative to->Can't decide who you are. Conservatives used to defend us from Soviets. Et tu Brute?
Sad the Senate had to correct the @POTUS's dismal lack of statesmanship
Now you should  address his & @GOP's #TREASON & #MoneyLaundering
Back the President the American people elected, we gave you the WH the Senate and the House, do what we elected you for!
good job Lindsay! Now bring these morons together on Healthcare! Morons both sides of the aisle no right to kill Americans
Thank you.
So we're going to keep working our fingers to the bone, to pay their bills, then?
time to retire buddy
Are you trying to show Trump you're a man? That's so sweet.
Congratulations  You get TWO scoops of ice cream.
Now you need a 100-0 vote on a resolution demanding Trump's resignation and maybe the world will forgive GOP for their treason. (I won't.)
Have tragedy mean something! Work healthcare bill that works for Americans! You know the fear yesterday, America lives that w/guns & no HC 
Good for you. Now show the same commitment to America. Dump Drumpf and salvage Obamacare. And cut taxes for the lower 99%!
It's actually really sad that reaffirmation was even needed.
We agreed to keep doing what we have always done and not ever stopped doing and don't have plans to stop doing? resolved to kept breathing.
your leader may have other ideas. @realDonaldTrump wants to form an alliance with Russia, NATO of secondary importance.
Aren't you special.
@_independentcy now work this way on healthcare for all Americans.
Good job LG.
As a SC resident & voter why don't u do something for ur country and get votes to end this kangaroo court led by Comey's BFF Mueller?
Resolution? Whoopie! Beat the drums! No real things done. Help Americans build the economy! Simple?? What good does this do for folks in SC?
Too bad our Predident does not have similar feelings
Commitment to what? US continues to pay while other cut their armed forces! German Army down 50% since 1989!
Someone may want to let the President in on the secret. p.s. How's the super secret healthcare bill coming? #ShowUsTheBill
Thank you
Maybe you should try to find some time to teach that guy in the White House a bit about our relationship with NATO!
@JoeNBC great advice and consent
#TrumpRussia
Now stop Trumpcare and you'll get kudos.
next time, think before you let a self proclaimed biz outsider, traitor, liar, big mouth child,  enter the GOP race

What's happening? Our elected officials actually doing their jobs and remembering who they work for? Congratulations.
Tell DT!
Maybe only symbolic, as a close reading of POTUS statement suggests commitment to Article 5 IF THEY PAY UP.
Great job. Now stop enabling the rest of the horrible GOP agenda. Stop Mitch from hiding the healthcare bill
Now let ALL Senators see the Health Bill!!!! Do your job!!
Did you clue in @realDonaldTrump ?
Maybe you and a few other Senators should go over and schmooze a bit...you know, damage control.  
So why does drumpf say NATO is obsolete??
Please make sure that trump does not screw this up.
You need a good enama
Too bad about the pres
@LindseyGrahamSC That's great!Now can you get fellow Senators to reaffirm commitment to democracy, open debate, ethics, and rule of law?
Lindsey.. I need to talk to you. How can i get in touch?
Maybe we should discuss all the past due balances for NATO or is that rude I will remind my credit card company to never bring it up again
Wait,what? The Senate had to pass a resolution stating what ALREADY WAS US policy -simply because your president is an incompetent traitor?
so when will you help us understand what is in health reform? Wouldn't take much
Thank you,  Senator Graham.
Doesn't it suck when the kids have to be the parents???
The fact that you need to take a vote like that is terrifying.
Good job. Since Trump began undermining it, our leadership role has been destroyed. NATO has never been so fragilly held together.
Historic moment in today's political climate
But the buffoon in charge does not like nato. Either did Hitler. They are so similar
@IFFConsulting THEN LINDSEY COMMIT 100% ON TRUMP IMPEACHMENT
You serve in the L E G I S L A T U R E. not the R e s o l u t i o n  branch.Flag waving is for the E x e c u t I v e branch. Pass a law once
nobody likes NATO
But you've been supporting a Russian stooge that wants to WEAKEN NATO&destroy all of USA democratic institutions&values.History will judge U
Thank you @SenToddYoung & @SenDonnelly. I appreciate this very much!
Ya? Doesn't mean your some agent of virtue now or anything.
It would be great if the POTUS had reaffirmed on his own - Your resolution would not be necessary...
