please idiot what has worked for you in the past 8 years just one and you fight Trump smart lol
We were safer before your dear leader was elected.
SO WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT??????????
Clearly.
Give Hillary a call, she may have the solution your looking for.
War is all you want you think it will save your Hero Trump and your party and help your investiments
He's so damn fat now, in a country where there's little of anything, MAYBE Kim really doesn't have a booty-hole, LMAO
ok... I suggest dragons. #fatherofdragons #GrahamMachine
@frostpixie5 No Shit Sherlock How Long Did That Take You To Figure Out #DPRK
Stop the faux outrage, Lindsey!
You and your fellow Republicans would give the US to Putin and Lil' Kim if it meant tax cuts for the rich!
Yes they would
What do you suggest senator?
No shit.  Impeach.  Your pres said it was going great.
Maybe Donald could sent Jared to talk to kim, he's doing such a good job in Israel ! And look  for http://a.place  for a trump hotel
Sanctions never works, only we American are fool to believe that it works. look at Iran never worked, let North Korea have a nuke accidents
Imagine that, did you really expect it to happen? That #manchild in NK is exactly like the #manchild in WH. They both got to go.
...and Trump is?  Quit messing with this Democracy and do something concrete, rather than talk talk talk talk to reign in that loose cannon.
@frostpixie5 With that oompa-loompa n the WH that the government has 2 spend it's time chasing how can they focus on this problem  #DPRK
Clearly, the US response to NK is not working as we hoped. Been going on since 1950.
fine--ignore me, Senator.
@frostpixie5 The government just can't figure it out #DPRK
Because China wont stop trading billions with them. Who else even talks to North Korea?
Yup. And trump has 0 cred or leverage with anybody.
Well all the republicans in Congress dont seem to want to get off a sinking ship that is Trump.
@frostpixie5 With that oompa-loompa n the WH that the government has 2 spend it's time chasing how can they focus on this problem  #DPRK
The sanctions are worthless against a dictator who knows his power and life depend on his nuclear missile threat
@LindseyGrahamSC lind- so the lessons of the prior 3 administrations taught us nothing? China wants a nuclear NK.
CLEARLY ......Linds
They can't.  The world knows who Trump is and what he has done to our democracy
However, we must realize NK wouldn't be sitting in its threatening position if not for the help of China & Russia - tell it like it is!
Clearly senator @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is the problem.
yea  Donald give the country to russsian  

Clearly! Bullying and bluster don't cut it. Need a real plan and competent president. Do your job Senator!
Clearly trump is not working as we hoped
Japan should fire a missile over NK. Why not?
The trump sanctions will work, u get paid but don't work. Just obstruct. Resign. Retire, write a book like Hillary.
You continue to support the Thing that is ruining our country. Do your job. Trump is destroying the @GOP and this country. It's on you now.
TRYING TO CHEAT ME BLIND TO SCAM A COVER UP & BAILOUT IS ONE THING. BUT DOING IT TO THE AMERICANS?? HMM....DUN GET TRAP!
@Bamabroker liked this? Really? I thought it was politics free zone, but if Bama wants to go there, well, so be it. Bye.
Egads. I gather the generals are spelling each other?
You know, DT is not improving any, right? It will not get better...
Sir please can you give us your own solutions to these problems??
Nothing gets by you, Lindsey. Sharp as a marble.
You think?
Could it have anything to do with Potus' inciting words and threatening attitude?
@frostpixie5 Seems likely doesn't it #DPRK
Clearly, with crazy people  no many things work, you know a guy named Trump?
And clearly POTUS can't walk and chew gum at the same time 
Impeach!
Nothing will, until you all impeach that criminal.
Stop acting like a weak liberal-support Trump
I really hope I never type these words again but: I agree with Steve Bannon. Diplomacy is the only option. Too many innocents in harms way!
Clearly our enemies know that Trump is a weak leader.  #25thAmendmentNow
Another Trump ass kisser
But you know full well we CANNOT use a military option with a mentally unstable POTUS in control of our nukes. #ImpeachNOW
Never will work!
You expect sanctions to work in three weeks?  Any sanity left in our government?  Geez
Do you think he heard that DJT thinks N Korea respects us now?
Are you gunning to start ANOTHER war?? Seems like we got our hands full with the uneducated pres, Russia and mass destruction in Texas.
Lindsey!  The old saying is "shit or get off the pot".  Trump has already threatened N Korea.
THAT'S THE POINT...MAKE U PPL LOOK LIKE THE AGGRESSERS & BAD GUYS! MIRROR TO ME...TRYING TO STOP ME FROM TWEETING.
Say something about Obama's red line one more time! But Trump issues a direct threat & crickets from the GOP when no action.
They may not be working.  But if china is still their alli it will never work.
Yes and as soon as potus does something about it Dems will use it badly
Clearly the @realDonaldTrump Presidency is not working out the way you had hoped.
But we will remember that you were #Complicit in all of this.  And silent.  And playing the waiting game.
Build that wall ! Around congress
And neither is trump. Impeach the incompetent, obstructionist who has repeatedly abused his power.
Maybe if Trump had thought before he opened his mouth and said "locked and loaded" it might have worked.  Two idiots Don't cut it,
Oh you think so doctor?
What do you do,  sanctions not working.
Neither is your President??? what should you do about him???
Not a Dman thing. He still got 7 pluse years yet. You are most welcome to leave the country. Revoke your citizenship as you leave.
Does it break your heart as you watch DT spit on your legacy?Your halfhearted rebukes followed by messages of support entertain the wackadoo
Have you tried putting them on double secret probation?
Your move @POTUS.  Don't screw it up.
"Fire and fury" dared mentally-unstable Kim to do what he's doing. Your president is going to get many people killed. #ImpeachTrump
neither is that fire and fury threat
SIR GIVE THEM TIME IT HAS BEEN ONLY A FEW WEEKS THEY RIGHT NOW ARE BLUFFING !THEY WANT YOU TO BELIEVE THAT!
In the same way in Venezuela. It must have a bigger effort.
Is sanctions the only action being taken? Are there not other steps we—US, #Japan, and South Korea—can take, but not war? #NorthKorea #NoWar
I think the only way is thru China somehow
Blahahahahaha idiot
Could be because you have Onedumfuk in the house. I hope the pentagon distracts him with some toy guns to play with whilst this is going on
Is that what your master Soros told you to say?
Have we tried to sanction Kim's barber????
Lols
Let's quit diddling around and get those nukes from that little meathead!
They never have & never will & u know that stop playing political Games
I am not a war monger and have children in the military . But I don't see a resolution here that loss of life can be avoided .
They were working better until he went after china. He can't do shit without them and he knows that. So what does he do"sanctions china"
WHERE ARE THEY GETTING THE FUEL AND MATERIALS FOR THESE ROCKETS SOME SNEAKY BASTARD OF A COUNTYRY MUST BE SUPPYLING THEM
...idiots like lindsey keep poking a dog with sanctions another acts of War...will blame somebody else when they get bit
No one would miss the country!
Nice fake surprise!
Are you drunk tweeting? NK announced this test launch yesterday! Quit giving @realDonaldTrump excuses to start a war. 
No one really cares what you think
Cry me a river.....sellout
Wrong again
Duh
yeah you think
We need peace, Lindsey. Just stop.
Do you think things will get better or worse once NK has capability to launch nuclear ICBM at US mainland?
Duh.
Invasion or containment. Those are the options. There is no magic third option.
Are you kidding? They test fired a missile (w/out warhead) over massive joint US-JPN military exercises. Quit trying to start a war! #peace
You think?  Nor has Congress.  Perhaps all our elected officials should get behind our potus and do your job United as one. Do your job.
What will you DO? Time for leadership!
Not since a bunch of uniformed voters put sir dumass king of his world in office. Never under Obama..
A bit of patience Senator
Maybe we should sanction his missile suppliers.
wait
Trump failing to manage foreign policy. What next - start a nuclear war?
I'm afraid you have the wrong President . And  that is a problem for all of us Americans .  It's coming
Clearly, it's time for Trump to go.
Bigger problem is the no spine GOP wankers afraid of a demented old man looking for ratings.
Who knew being a loud mouthed egotistical blowhard wouldn't go as planned?
Maybe remind your fearless leader to just shut up about it all.
Maybe if you guys would remove your lips from Trump's balls, you could get something done!
Maybe focus on the fact that the Trump presidency isn't working the way you enablers of racism and lawbreaking had hoped?
Your boss couldn't keep his pie hole shut last week. Said his words must have been working. Another self inflicted wound. Not my president.
Clearly Trumps "harsh" empty threats did not work.
They just started, right?
More pressure had to be on China from the US economically to make them do their part.Trump could push for that, but has not.
Nor is POTUS.
Are you just now figuring that out, after 8 years of obama and you just now get it.  That’s why you will not win your reelection
Fn DUH!
Well, our leader is a blowhard p*ssy. Don't expect anything  productive out of peace talks.
So how is the clinton nuclear fuel  working out
https://www.armscontrol.org/factsheets/dprkchron … been brewing for 20+ years, you are the war monger, why hasn't this been taken care of
They never do and it never will.  Iran is emboldened
Yes, nothing Trump does works...and he is a Russian puppet, so you have to wonder if its intentional.
Ya think?
Get out of the way.
Trump's cheesy B-movie tough guy schtick was so obviously never going to work, then he bragged about it, ensuring Kim would strike harder.
what in god's name IS working???? U must #ImpeachTrump and save the constitution the country the world!!!
i dont understand if there is even an option for NK unless we drop bombs.we lost grip on them cause of obozo.just a back & forth now!!..??
That's because dear leader has no credibility & everybody knows he's illegitimate and couldn't lead a parade down a one way.Ours, not theirs
So, your big negotiator, deal maker with your grand old party is all tangled up and falling on their faces?  #Repeal&ReplaceGOP
Maybe we should introduce them to heir ancestors!
Uh, wake-up, Senator.  They hold the Trump card: Seoul. We have no effective deterrent.
Clearly
Gee why don't you get your buddies and go over there and talk to them. You're not doing anything here to help the people
Send in Rodman that'll fix it
Those sanctions went into effect when?  The week before last?  Patience, Senator.  Patience.

Give the sanctions time.. he's pissed so they are working. Force is never the answer.
Don't be Curtis LeMay genius
Russian sanctions are not working too. And russians helped N.Koreans make rockets. Only a military solution matters. For DPRK and Russia
So, what, exactly, are you saying here?
You people in Congress "hope", "feel" - why don't you get busy and do something about @realDonaldTrump.
Another Bush policy that shouldn't have continued. Maybe you should go over and negotiate?
@frostpixie5 With that oompa-loompa n the WH that the government has 2 spend it's time chasing how can they focus on this problem  #DPRK
There should be a MOAB on the way. Two of the In fact.
do you seriously think Kim has respect of in order to listen to trump? Good Grief, man, the whole world minus GOP knows he's a crook.
They know too...they just pretend otherwise because they are all just as morally bankrupt.
But Trump believes Kim Jong-un respects us! Yes! We win the Chocolate Factory! Thank you very much give me a gobstopper.  Vacancy upstairs.
That means, your President is a clown?
POTUS desperately needs a war to distract from Russia and racism.

And most intelligence/diplomats say war w/ NK is dumb idea.
They play with terror and horror. Trump should have embraced allies and began a global embargo on NK and any enablers- China.
Remember when you used to tell us that NK only did this kind of thing because Obama was so weak?
I've said this many times.  There is no other solution other than military action.  Better now than later

LMAO
and u thought they would......
And clearly Trump's blustery saber-rattling didn't scare them. Shocking.
ya think?  That whole 'Fire and Fury' thing didn't get them back in line?  who would have thought!
Do you have any book recommendations like Trump?
