Are these all lefties now?
ALWAYS WERE
Must be bad you can't get your buddy to get on broad. Maybe he just a turn coat like in the war.
It  is the DUTY of all prisoners of war that they attempt to escape.
We all know MONEY is POWER. States can't be powerful when you strip them of funds.
BUT MONEY COULD NOT BUY DONALD TRUMP INTELLIGENCE! HE SHOWS IT TWEET BY TWEET. MAYBE THE COLLEGE THAT DIS-OWNED HIM WILL HAVE PITY
LOL.
Does he mean "the left is afraid of power going out of washington and to the Koch family" ?
States rights except in time of war or natural disasters. It is going to end up white states and black states eventually. So be it.
Cities are a curse to.nation. Small towns are more civil. A big city is like a blood clot clogging the heart  of the governing body.
Yep. It has nothing to do with 32 fu*king million losing their lifeline.  JUST STOP!
People don't want the government to kill them on their own soil  #Killergraham #deathcare How would you like it? Give up your Sen health ins
The left knows many states don't give a crap about their residents - how many people died b/c R governors refused Medi-caid expansions?
uh the states had 235 years to pass healthcare legislation, but most of them let people die. In 2010, the left decided enough waiting.
Don't be fooled. Too many entrenched rep want the power 2 stay in Washington as well. Graham. McCain. Ryan. Are you listening?
No, we are afraid that you are all bought and paid for by Koch and/or Russia.
,so your saying we stand as NATION in the DEFENSE of are FREEDOM &we SHOULD STAND DIVIDED as STATES for HEALTHCARE????
Bull.
What happen to buying across state lines to lower prices
Trump volunteers need a strong leader to throw them out.
And Graham is a man of no principles. Literally attempting to buy Alaska's vote which he said was the wrong thing to do last time around.
Good the power belongs closer to the ppl out of Washington buracratic mess they always have
Right Sen. Graham.  All that money Washington pockets from Drug Companies and Health Industry that control your votes will go to the States.
IT NEEDS TO GET DONE!! IT'S KILLING US!!
I know what the world is thinking..and it has more to do with their impending suffering and death than it does transferring power to states.
If the Republicans don't get their act  together and vote for the Bill,  Republicans are going down beginning in 2018
Keep swallowing that Trump DNA @LindseyGrahamSC. Don't worry we'll call 911 & explain it's a preexisting condition. They'll pump your tummy!
Americans are afraid of dying from treatable diseases. No more, no less.
Fox stop reporting anything HC says no body cares
No I don't trust my state of SC.
Right on Colonel!
Why years later you go to States? Because Americans as a whole rejected you for years.
Tell me? How is Alabama, Mississippi taking care of their poor? HORRIBLY. Why would Connecticut, New York, CA,, IL worry about them? We do!
States have enough power as-is
Not only the Left, but some GOPers as well!!
All Americans should fear this bill.
Why? Qualify your comment with facts.
Yeah, that's what I'm afraid of. Not the millions who will lose coverage, not the increased premiums, not the destruction of Medicaid. Fool.
The millions you are referring to will qualify for Medicaid, getting millions out of subsidies will drive premiums down.
Just a little war John?
Vote NO! To the Graham Cassidy Healthcare bill!!!  This bill will not cover all Citizens of United States. Only benefits insurance companies
sorry, buddy, there is NO left or right to this...it's people, PEOPLE terrified of being stripped of an essential healthcare platform
Washington will loose power at the voting booths starting in 2018 and beyond. The citizens have enough of this ideology and nonsense!
The left sure in hell isn't afraid of L. Graham leaving Washington.
America is afraid of losing healthcare. Your bill is bad. Take @SenJohnMcCain's  advice and fix it right for all Americans.
THEY ARE SUPPORTED BY YOUR "BEST BUDDY" JOHN MCCAIN....... TRY TO EXPLAIN THAT..........
Time to take Congress special health care and put them on Obama’s
Mc Cain is an obstructionist
Shud rename your program "Faux and Fiends" for your slanted reports and love of all things GOP. Not credible!
NO your afraid of the ones controlling the purse strings
What happened to your boy friend  McCain...I thought you were Butt Buddies...no loyalty whatsoever among friends or party
Seems like his bff McCain is afraid of the same thing.
#LyingTraitor
John McCain can now be considered the left.
More Dementor Graham in service of Tr*mpemort (currently gripping a tiny wand in his tiny hands and screaming about "sons of b*tches!")
You're a liar with zero care for those who will die. I almost did. I hate you for this. You need to go.
That man McCain does NOT have the American people's interest. He is a mean "little" man that is spiteful and vindictive
coming from the side who wants to ban sanctuary cities
Tonight,  Trump: white supremacist, very fine people
Trump: black NFL players, sons of b@%**s
Afraid of too much power going to the #KochBrothers. This is not a transfer to states but a knowing shell game it will collapse. Shameful.
Most of the States are led by whitesupremacist who came to power through race-based gerrymandering. States not abiding by Constitution.
Not true.  That isn't what is wrong with your bill.
But so are the RINOs.  McCains final days are dedicated to destroying the GOP and America. He still tries to be relevant.  Time to disappear
Send the power back to the States
1 word on your fucked up bill Sir... a word most famously said by your leader...

 SAD! shame on you @LindseyGrahamSC
no! We're afraid of dying because we can't afford health care!! Leave it alone!!

And...what is McCain afraid of, @LindseyGrahamSC ?
This bill sucks! The Fed needs to get out of healthcare period! The market/competition will lower rates, provide more options to people!
Our problems began when Washington thought they could fix something that wasn't broken control people by controlling healthcare.
We're afraid of Aunt PittyPat KILLING Americans for a political win.  Shame on the Republican party.  You've lost your way.
I will make it a point to convince all I talk to it's time to vote for new senators and reps. Term limits begin now for me. No more lies.
No they don't want to kill people.  Stop making this about party & do right by the people of this country.
Yeah, no, we want Washington to follow regular order and do this right. Stop spreading a false narrative. McCain is right, Graham wrong
They are afraid of the lies you politicians tell daily....
Do something about it! Call your Senate pals ......

Ahhhhhhh.  Why don't you work together to fix it.
In this caseI agree with Sen. Graham!
I too would vote to fuck myself!
and the other 1/2 of the broke back senator twins all butt hurt about @potus is gona ruin any chance at repeal & replace
Exactly my thoughts,when their not making the decision they won't get the pay off $$$from ins companies anymore 
@LindseyGrahamSC 
Until you have our insurance, or lack of, don't tell us what we are afraid of.  Live in our reality then speak for us.
You still think mc Cain is not vindictive a total disgrace what happened to supporting his governor
Apparently so are the republicans
No, we are afraid of states changing guidelines, manipulating uses for money, and insurance rates skyrocketing.
I rue the day McCain was reelected. He is the most self serving senator of all.
What about the @GOP trying to take away the States rights to regulate marijuana? #hypocrites
Oh looky here. Someone's had a revelation
Who would have thought Lindsay Graham would "storm the bastille"? Not sure he is, but removing the ACA tax bill is a good start.
The same states which did not accept Medicaid expansion? Those losing insurance participation due to uncertainty that ACA might be repealed?
No. Wrong. Literally EVERYONE but rich GOP and donors wants 32 million to keep health insurance.
So is Sen. Graham, he talked McCain to voting no so it will make him look like for the voters.  Big RINO both of them! Don't fall for the ly
Graham is only giving Governers the power to accept donations from insurance corporations to DENY you coverage at will.
It's all unraveling! Haha! This dude is grasping at straws!
wtf is wrong with "traitor" mccain!
-payer. If you guys can't get it together after 7 yrs-you'll never make it & the Dems will never work with u.Do we give govt control to them
States know their constituents needs better than the Feds do.  Not good for Feds to boss who gets what care. Medicare can't handle single-
The Koch brothers money is a powerful drug. @LindseyGrahamSC is willing to let millions of Americans die to line his pockets. #Shame
So does your pal @SenJohnMcCain
All 50 State Medicaid Dir. are AGAINST this. When someone in politics gives up the chance for power and money..... something is really wrong
Actually, the left just wants affordable, decent healthcare that also covers pre-existing conditions for ALL Americans-just ask us!
No, @LindseyGrahamSC! We are afraid our states will let us die! If they refused Medicaid expansion, they obviously don't care about us.
Yep
& so is your friend John McCain.
All Washington should be afraid if they don't play pretty it will be independent in the future
Same argument made by the Confederacy to prolong slavery. Pitiful.
I may be mean but I'm a nurse who's sister had the same brain tumor as Mcain. She was a teacher could not make good decisions can Mcain???
Who are you going to attempt to bribe next? BTW, what we really don't want is you fellating the Kochs
I called you office, and as a registered voter, I demand that you return my call
Isn't Sen. Graham on the left? So who is he refering to?
And so is McCain. His actions prove it.
No we're afraid of the restrictions Republicans will force onto the States...cause you always know more than everyone else.
People are afraid of not having insurance; of not being able to get necessary care without selling the home. You do not speak for us.
And also your make believe friend Mc Caine he's using your friendship Sen. Graham cut him from your life!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC You should have left well enough alone. When this fails AGAIN maybe everyone will work TOGETHER for the people.
No-you are afraid of debating this off of Faux News & having someone with intelligence & non-racist tendencies show you to be evil & venal.
You're just afraid of losing money from the Kochs. You couldn't care less about American people.  You are so pathetic.
If govts of states like Graham's own can't be trusted to guarantee basic rights to all of their own residents, why trust them w/healthcare?
Funny, based on feedback from governors and Medicaid directors, it would seem that the states are equally worried about this
So is the Republicans. No balls to do anything.
Yes they are
What a joke McCain is trying to act like he is a Republican!!
John McCain is a closet Democrat
Looks like your "friend" @SenJohnMcCain just stabbed you in the back and the rest of America.  Told you he was part of the swamp.
And of course these people on the left  would include your boyfriend who is certainly leaving a legacy far worse than being a traitor.
McCain is not a friend. He needs to retire
Get out of the way John, I'm trying to fuck myself ova hurrr!
Jajaj really we afraid of ur president childish fighting like a doll wit nk
Time for John McCain to step aside
@LindseyGrahamSC we are afraid of controlling congress.controlling u... saying no one elses life is worth more than profit... you
Tell that to your buddy lying John McCain.
Cute off all taxpayer healthcare for Congress. Trump use your pen, Obama did. No taxpayer money for congress.
Wrong. 
@LindseyGrahamSC No, we don't trust some states. With good reason.
Didn't Senators from South Carolina make that same argument in 1860? 
BS GRAHAM. The left wants a quality, bipartisan effort on healthcare...so do the American people. STOP being a con man. Remember INTEGRITY?
Too bad, it looks like the "bill" this ass hole is trying to shove down the throats of Americans who DO NOT want it is going to fail. 
NO...ITS THE POWER GOING OUT OF THERE RIGHT HAND HIP POCKETS.CALLED..GRAFF DC'S FULL OF IT
McCain should be removed I feel the disease has affected his judgement and he is not being rational wait he will be guest on kümmel  show
Thanks McCain for ruining all of our lives &potus you better get your exec order and take away their health insurance subsidies obama gave
sen graham this is how bff stab in back because of bitterness&you are trying to workw/president McCain forgets his obama treated him /2009
So is your "friend" @SenMcCain apparently.
Lindsay Graham is afraid of losing his big donors.
BULLSHIT.  WE ARE AFRAID OF DYING DUE TO NO HEALTHCARE.
Me Graham you need to get your friend to vote yes. 3 days to get it done
The constituents of McCain deserve high plan costs & deductibles & few exchanges for continually voting that swamp creature back in office!
Is Graham that Clueless? Or JUST Stupid.
Take your white supremacist views back to SC.
@LindseyGrahamSC  so is McCain part of the left? Sounds like he is voting "no" on the new bill
No people are afraid of losing healthcare such as children and elderly.  You are off making it a party issue when it shouldn't. Sad!
Thank God for McCain you need to listen to him  solution must be BIPARTISAN
The power left Washington with the Citizens United decision.
Wrong @sengraham2016, but a reminder we are the UNITED STATES
Sinator Adle Brain(mccain) is gonna stop GOP again. If his surgery were by a 3rd grader from O'care, bet he'd vote for GOP.
Graham is a liar. Why won't Graham allow this bill to follow procedures on the floor? Conservative my ass. Passing a bill of this much
Magnitude w/o debate is reckless and radical. Graham is manipulating the Senate to forgo procedure and constitutional rights.
The left is afraid of anything they cannot control.
Why are losers like him are in DC
#wrong
Has anyone read the new healthcare bill?
Let's just leave everything up to the states.  Why even have a federal government?
No we care about others health. You have positioned philosophy above Americans health. BS. Federalism. So weak.
He such an idiot. Then, he needs to be on the same plan as the avg American
Most companies  have pulled out of Obama care. So who do you blame that it's failed?
The age of entitlement.
@LindseyGrahamDS We're NOT afraid of power going out of DC. But we ARE terrified of losing insurance, higher premiums, skimpy coverage.
Its not the Left its all 50 state Medicaid directors that call the #GrahamCassidyBill a disaster...
If anyone would know, its them
It's not left and right. It's EVERYONE. You are TAKING AWAY vital benefits that YOU will still have!  Shameful.
Where is the evidence of such a ridiculous statement?
That's such a load of crap.
we deserve a NATIONAL comprehensive healthcare plan
In the words of @LindseyGrahamSC "That's complete garbage"
Afraid what happened to me happening to others : me ins. 324/mo, my husband (pre-ex cond.) 3600/ mo- this was 2001-2004. ACA stopped that!
At this point the left is everyone but the @GOP
I guess every single state Medicaid director is a "Leftist" too?
Divide and conquer
No, the "left" is afraid that hundreds of thousands will die b/ of this new bill making insurance out of reach financially. #shame
