North Korea nuclear crisis: Putin calls sanctions useless http://bbc.in/2wDeMm4 
So you are willing to start a WAR, killing millions, to do WHAT?   M.A.D. has worked with Russia's 3,000 hydrogen bombs!
Putin "sanctions not working and Dont do military option"- is he suggesting just accept nuclear NK? What if they were threatening Russia?!
With your record this last few months I am not shocked at all
Agreeing with Trump and Putin. Not a good week for you!!
You are a smart man for agreeing with Putin. The US has turned Russia into the boogeyman. But even a broken clock is right twice a day
#Irma is a category 5.   #NorthKorea is a category 2 and strengthening.  #WWIII ? @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump #GOP @nikkihaley
Afraid we needed Putin as an ally.
You know Putin is supplying NK right
Wouldn't b surprised,Putin has a totally invasive and destructive agenda at work.Trump's stupidly helping.
Go to the table negotiate with President Kim Jon-un  NK leader
2) A Nuclear N. Korea is terrifying, but it's now REALITY thanks to Bill Clinton's ROTTEN DEAL. Now we need WELL armed allies in the region.
And the solution is?
He also calls the alternative a global disaster. Not sure which is better?
Lindsay just discovered that Putin has the Kompromat tape of himself and @VP Pence 69ing in a hotel room
Why don't we just ignore NK like we used too? I'm thinking it's unlikely that they do more than talk.
nothing wrong with agreeing with Putin. He's a lot more intelligent and clued in than a lot of US politicians
He also said WAR would lead to GLOBAL CATASTROPHE! I heard the same thing so please use the whole context.
What kind of "kook aid"are you drinking Graham? You know Putin is gleeful about situation w/NK? He wants a damaged USA!
1) Nuke up S Korea and Japan and warn China that if they don't get PhatBoy in line we'll crush China with their currency manipulation/Trade.
you drank the kool- aid, didn't you!
Your side has been agreeing with Putin for months now.
Ummm. NK and Putin are close friends. Scary that you still believe anything Putin has to say.
Lick yo finger stick it in the air & see what's gonna move ur useless agenda 4 ur own selfish gain forward
Maybe you should listen to him on Syria too?
Except for targeted sanctions on the ruling class, sanctions will simply hurt the ordinary people who have no say in what happens.
#Putin is subject to sanctions himself, so off course he is sending a message that sanctions are ineffective...
There you go the reason behind some of Putin's "advice"!
Yes

He called for negotiations not nuclear war. You left that part out. He also said threats won't help or work. You have selective hearing .
Hey Donnie @POTUS Trump, Bilderberg's Senator just stuck another knife in your back - 'drain the swamp' of Bilderberg subversives!
But your President LOVES Putin.
When you agree with Purim you probably need to take a step back
Putin said after a summit in China that DIPLOMACY is the only solution to tensions with Pyongyang, which appears to have escalated its...1/
...nuclear program in recent months. GRAHAM'S STATEMENT NOT CONTEXTUALLY COMPLETE.
Do U.S. Gov officials have to apologize for 'bigly' agreeing with Putin. Hasn't POTUS been in league with Putin since before the election?
Can't believe you don't realize that sanctions hurt Russia's oil trade with North Korea.#shortsided
@BBCWorld I think you need to get Japan at the negotiating table with DPRK. Their markets could serve as a "carrot"
I'll never look at our flag the same way again 
I can lol he pays a % of you folks
We can believe it! You will say anything that helps you war monger...
Raise your hand if you're shocked! Another member of the GOP bending the knee to Putin
#putin is a smart man. No one can talk that away...
Why do you like #putin after what he does to your friends?
Who cares if I like #putin? That are different topics. But on my #smartscale I see #XiJinping and #putin at the top :-P
Don't tell me where you see us...

YOU REPUBLICANS JUST """"""DONT DO DEPLOMACY"""""""" YOU DO """"""BULLY""""". Great! You allowed this ignorant TWITTER FIGHT.
OMG! Do we need a special counsel to investigate you??
No one wants war but sanctions will not work.  Sit back and "hope" North Korea will not share with Iran (right?).
U and Hanoi john are useless.
So what do you suggest? We attack them BECAUSE they HAVE nuclear weapons? Do you know how stupid that sounds?
What do you think are Vlad's motivations?  Is he helping N Korea?
Did Soros pay you to say that?  #RINO
At least our Pres is exausting every options before military options
Get used to agreeing with Putin. Your president agrees with Putin all the time.
I guess that's what makes you so fucking dynamic, Graham.   
Putin is with them and is also the enemy so no. No agreeing with Putin. No war!
We cannot allow North Korea to attack us or our allies. We can't allow them to further develop nukes. Military action can't be off the table
That doesn't mean war sir. It means trying something else.
OMG Lindsey is in league with the Russians!
YOU BE THE FIRST MAN IN, LINDSEY!!!

WARMONGER!
Is he willing to intervene?
You're a war monger, and Ft. Jackson is within your constituency. We KNOW your motives.
Withhold oil.
You support his choice of @POTUS and refuse to defend this country from Russian attack on our democracy. Of course you agree with #Putin.
You know Putin? Doesn't surprise me. You're a Democrat and they're the ones involved with the Russians
Why should a majority of the World pay for #WoeFatBoy crimes with the most strict NK Sanctions?  It's time to end their Trillion $ cost yrly
So Putin now advising his soul mate @realDonaldTrump? Sounds logical to me.
Uhhhh, you're a Trump apologist and enabler so you clearly agree with Putin on a whole lot of things.
Of course Putin wants the US to drain resources into a war.
Senator Graham, U do NOT agree with Putin. UR agreeing with US Military. If we had courage n our country we would have taken NK maniac out.
Would a preemptive attack "work?"
Oh WE believe it...http://www.politico.com/story/2017/04/lindsey-graham-praises-trump-237361 …
Only an ignorant fool makes that statement. No leadership qualities in @LindseyGrahamSC. Immaturity at its best.
US "leaders" talk tough. Kim keeps crossing the lines you draw. Do you have real solutions other than puffing up your chest?
You're not secretly supporting his weapons tech like Putin are you?
I can believe I am starting to want a bro-mance w you Lindsey, but I am. Wanna get a time share together?
We have lived with Russia and China and others with nukes , we can live with N K with the nukes . Negotiate.
So now @realDonaldTrump has u speaking fondly of Russia??

What is he blackmailing u with? What did he promise u...$, WH job? #resist @FBI
Why even go on Twitter, the trolls are so nasty. You are better than this sir Lindsey Graham @Gwpass1
Put in warned about a Global Catastrophe and huge amount of human life lost he urged dialogue with Pyongyang   Do you agree with that ???
I agree, The North Korean leader is not a stable rational person. We must act accordingly. a lot like dealing with Trump
You can't change a crazy evil person regardless of how many sanctions. He doesn't recognize anyone but himself.
You mean except for the time you agreed with Putin that Trump should be president.
Must be sick, I am beginning to really really like you.  You  go forth as a leader, set example, even though many times I disagree with you.
NO NO. Listen to history. No sanction against NK has ever worked or EVER WORK.Wake up & learn from insanity of doing the same things as past
I can't believe it either. Smh
Really? Putin had to tell us that? If you didn't already know that speaks loudly of our cont'd miscalculation of our enemy & faux friends.
Why do you want WAR so bad, Lindsey? Combat with North Korea is insane. The casualties would be enormous. Then what, @GOP? #GOPLovesWar
Take out the next ballistic missile and play it by ear but be ready
Why is it hard to believe? Your whole party is in bed with Putin. He won you the presidency.
US still should apply them. Vlad wants you to go cold on sanctions as diplomatic tool.
Don't be ignorant. Surely you realize what the ultimate plan is?
What are the santions for?Big countries can have nuclear and testing them,North korean can't.
Nobody cares what Mud thinks.
How do you know if you don't try. Never give up, there are too many lives at stake to not try anything and everything .
Do you wake up and think today I am a patriot or wait no, no I'm gonna go fascist. Lindsey's morning coin flip.
And what will war accomplish? Are u too daft to realize that war is exactly what Putin wants? You have given him everything else. Why not
What a strange time we live in.
Is not Putin NK ally?
We should question why Putin is on the same page. What has he to gain in short term? What is his under the surface, long range chess plan?
As you've put your backing behind Trump.... You've always agrees with Putin
And don't you agree backing up South Korea and Japan militarily might work?
Well we can't believe how frequently you agree with @realDonaldTrump so there's that.
And since @POTUS agrees with #Putin you must all be in cahoots.  #TrumpRussia
Little boy Kim needs a bullet hole in his head.
Oh wow I guess you are now "colluding" with Putin if the same rules apply.
Oh so u agree with trump now. ThIs is why trump ridicule y@u. Deserves
Is he going to sanction NK? Now that might be something.
Let's have a United Front against #KimJungUn and GET READY!
For What? Have you thought about such a bellicose statement? You'd like nuclear winters? Such macho s***!!!
Oh, I'm not at all surprised you're agreeing with Putin. Go ahead and pander.  He likes 'em spineless.
What are you recommending?
So what exactly do you suggest? Seriously. I respect your opinion, but not sure what you are offering as a solution.
But then again they just may.. death of millions and patience and you say the death of millions is better.
Maybe we should have better leaders
The nyet result of sanctions.
@BBCWorld @BBCNews -showing your cards? How long have you really been agreeing w/Putin?  Bet it's longer than anyone thinks
Didn't you take money from Russia for the 2016 elections? You are sounding more like Trump every day. Russia would love for us to war w/ NK.
You need to move to Seoul; you'd be desperate to find more sanctions. You: another saber rattler w/ boy Pres YOUR ??leader. Sanction CHINA!
cant believe I am agreeing with NEWT on DACA, but congress shud decide, not the goofy pres.
Of course you agree with Putin - you always bow at the throne of trump.
Traitor
I believe it. Ever since Aug recess you've climbed right into the POTUS lap. For you power is clearly more important than truth.
Oh believe me, we can ALL believe you are agreeing with Putin since u and trumpy are his bitches.
That's because you're itching for a shooting war.
I think if you're the one calling for war, YOU can be the first to go fight it.
Putin wants a war, stretching U.S. Resources and opening up the soft underbelly of Eastern Europe. You saw the war games w/ 120.000 troops?
I also hope you realize that a president that huge amounts of the public has no faith in, cannot be a war time president. Panic setting in.
Leadership is needed. Any Republican without Russian ties will do at this point and will unify the nation.
Are there any?
Oren Hatch? Lol

I can believe that you are agreeing with Vladmir Putin. Both of you support communism.
I can't believe I'm agreeing with Lindsey Graham but I am.
Oh well. I never thought I'd agree with you,Romney,Frum,Kristol,McCain, but since there's a loon in the WH-whose idiocy you're enabling...
SENATOR BELEIVE THIS !THEY WILL HATE YOU !AND RESPECT YOU! AND NEED YOU! THIS WILL STOP TREATHS
Publicly agreeing on anything with the guy who owns your president isn't smart.
He couldn't be more disingenuous, this all suits him very well.
I know! Let's have a spelling contest...
Didn't you Rinos flip out when @POTUS said he favored Putins efforts in defeating isis?
Putin's girl
THE ONLYTHING THAT WILL WORK !CUT OIL AND COAL  NOW ;SO THEY CANT STORE IT !2 MONTHS FROM NOW SEND THEM MILLI OF AXES SO THEY HAV FIRE WOOD
I can believe it Sen Graham.
So what’s your suggestion as to what should be done about them?
You're finally talking like a real Republican and not a RINO.   Military intervention is our only option.  The US is dealing with a madman.
I can't believe I'm also agreeing w/ VPutin.
@PutinVRF you both as well Kim Jong In that America will destroy NOKO it's what we do. Its our job, our divine mandate to end death camps
...és forgalomkorlátozás. köszi!!! 
So will you be removing the handcuffs that create an imbalance of power? Mistake assuming GOP constituents are followers like imported DEMS.
I think you need to step back and look at the bigger picture.
The GOP is the party of Putin The KKK and White Supremacism so I am not shocked you worship Putin
We can believe it.
You have been assimilated LG
I am sick of your lack of action on DJ's removal. What you say means nothing with a fraudulent president attacking democracy. Act for us.
Removal for what? Because you don't like him? Because Hillary lost? Please take some Govt classes and maybe you won't look so pathetic.
This issue is decades old, chicken has flown the coop. He is right about imminent catastrophe. Only way to win this game is not to play.
Every day you don't talk about impeachment is another day you are agreeing with Putin.
You can forget impeachment it sounds like a sour broken record. Get on with your life
Funny - many think you've been agreeing with Putin for most of the past 9 months and perhaps even before that...
Just because putin is the bad guy doesn't mean he's always wrong especially When it comes to the North Korean leader.
Yes, Putin makes more sense than our crazy leader. You will see kompromat on Trump soon.
You're in bed with Putin too eh?
BOMB EM
You're also in bed with drug lords.
Whatever it takes to start a war you yourself will never have to serve in, huh?
What DO YOU WANT @LindseyGrahamSC ?
Careful sir...chess moves.
You're getting a rise in your pants about the prospect of sending our children to die in ANOTHER war. Aren't you sweet Lindsey G?
No leftist loon. Graham is trying to protect this nation against evil rouge nation of North Korea. Kim is a threat.
Or is he lining his pockets with donations from the military industrial complex. Ah yes, I do believe the latter.
Shilling for Putin? Oh that's rich. Shilling for Putin is all Trump has done while campaigning and while in office.
I'm Trump? You are shilling for Kim Jung Un and the #AxisOfEvil. Nothing is wrong about defending this nation and stopping the DPRK
Obama literally sold out this country to Iran, and they may be able to obtain a nuke now. Don't lecture ME on voting.
You agreed when you proudly voted for your Herr Trump. Do you think we're surprised. Putin created NK he wants us to be next. Look at Donnie
So you wanna drop a nuke Lindsey?
You agree with his buddy, @realDonaldTrump. Why would we be surprised that you're agreeing with Vlad?
If you want war and think it is necessary, just say so.
Well @realDonaldTrump is NOT THE WORLD'S  LEADER
Can't believe I'm saying it either but at least he's telling the truth! Trump should take notes!
Well, at least you & Trump & Putie are all in agreement.  Why doesn't this make me feel better? Putin = enemy, Trump=nuts, Graham=spineless
No worries, you're in good company - @realDonaldTrump & @GOP are the #PartyofPutin

Yes, so let's kill thousands of their innocents and thousands of our military so @realDonaldTrump can show what a great leader he is.  NOT
It could very well be that you're Doing just what he wants...
Another conflict to distract the US from our global leadership role would put Russia in a great position. And you're happy to go along...
I can't believe I'm agreeing with you and Putin but I am.
So do we need to investigate your ties to Russia, by the way, neither will diplomacy, see Clinton, Bush and Obama presidencies
Lindsey Graham, you slimey politicians are always quick to say what WONT work. In your decades mooching off  American people what will work?
If he thinks sanctions are useless, why is he trying so hard to get Trump to lift the sanctions on Russia? 
Surely you are not that shallow.  Are you?

Chest beating won't work either. Crazy people don't bluff.

At this point, it’s easier (and more popular) than agreeing with Trump.
You've agreed before...you both are loyal to Trump.
Hebrews 9:12
Not with the #blood of #goats and #calves, but with His own #blood He entered the Most #Holy Place once [1/2]
for all, having obtained eternal #redemption. [2/2]
Acts 2:38
Then #Peter said to them, “#Repent, and let every one of you be baptized in the name of #JesusChrist for the [1/2]
#remission of #sins; and you shall receive the #gift of the #HolySpirit. [2/2]
