All due respect, politicians are the last people to decide about healthcare. Let's hear from the doctors, insurers, hospitals.
And let's hear ideas from the patients
You are what is called a true friend.fair play to you
Lindsey, you're wrong about Obamacare.Yes, any plan can be strengthened, but the Rep. plan will leave many w/o insurance resulting in death
If the @gop had not spent 7 years selling the lies they did associated with ACA they could answer the people's will by fixing it.
No he's not right, he's just dishonest. States that implemented the ACA as intended have done much better.
Instead Republican run states have sabotaged the ACA for the sole purpose of preventing the impoverished health care.
YEAH RIGHT!!
No he is not right. Trump and a Price are sabotaging ACA.
They sabotaged the ACA. They got us in the cross fire. They could have fixed drug prices, but they have zero desire. Buy what you can afford
Lindsey Graham lies. GOP Party of Hate & Cheaters. In it fir the $$$ not the people.

He is, but his healthcare plan stinks too.
Why tweet a lie & not call it out as such?
Did the Koch bros write that for you?
Insurance companies failing lie, http://www.businessinsider.com/anthem-q1-2017-earnings-2017-4 … and https://www.consumeraffairs.com/news/health-insurance-industry-rakes-in-billions-while-blaming-obamacare-for-losses-110116.html … http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-cms-risk-report-20170703-story.html … https://www.cms.gov/CCIIO/Programs-and-Initiatives/Premium-Stabilization-Programs/Downloads/Summary-Reinsurance-Payments-Risk-2016.pdf …
Dear Senator Graham, you are not only on the wrong side of history but also our future. Stop this nonsense and start investigating Trump.
No you're not
Bigly worried about bigly donors. People's lives should more important than money and party... ALWAYS.
Senator, you get paid to fix it.  Here is how. Negotiating of  4 meds. Keep mandate. Help ppl who can’t pay. Not so hard.
Then show some leadership and fix it !!
This bill is horrible u know it u just want to force the AMERICAN PEOPLE to think u know best when u don't know what everyone or half want
Let's not forget you @LindseyGrahamSC work for the people and we say leave our healthcare alone...#HealthCareDebate
It was passed by a black man so it cannot stand.
You mean to the right
Oncologist saved my life! He says current @GOP plan would've ensured my death. Why is political win more important than my life? @POTUS
Obamacare is not collapsing. This is a lie.
Affordable Care Act
You are partly right. ACA needs help.Many issues need to be resolved.Both parties need to come http://together.Deal  with corruption


The Obamacare is not failing, though GOP sabotage is doing damage.
http://www.npr.org/2017/03/27/521441490/fact-check-trump-says-obamacare-is-exploding-its-not …
No. You are wrong.
Ask about their donors harassing them to get them their tax cuts! Republicans need to get the greed out!
Liar, guys like him are desperate to kill and destroy it.
I call BS
A lawyer without a legal mind can be many things. He can be famous, successful, rich, and respected. But he'll never be great without one.
Lindsey Graham has a legal mind. A very fine one.
Great debate!
I no longer want to get drunk and wear fancy bonnets with you, @LindseyGrahamSC .
He's wrong and getting more evil with it
Graham speaks so well one would almost believe it wasn't a lobbyist ventriliquist speaking for him.
@GOP has proven themselves the party of dishonest, greedy, liars. The 2018 elections can't come fast enough. #Resist
Um, I doubt it.
@DanaBashCNN Before ACA YOU are taking a $1T from HC PPL WER DYING IN SRS bc they couldn't afford private ins.  Then we have to pay
Your wish have come true! You are wrong about Obamacare
Dude, no. Take your tax cut plan and eat it!
Worse. So Fix the system so it pays to eliminate disease & enhance wellness, which'll work regardless of where you live!
Lindsey, give it a rest. Work w Dems to fix the ACA issues and let's all move on with trump's impeachment!
Fix it.
Until you force insurance to have to end its blocks &'treatment restrictions,get rid of formularies, & force pay based upon result, it'll be
You are about to become a mass murderer through bureaucratic means, and you use "I" THREE times in your lie.
No the American people lose!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC  You can't offer anything better than ACA.  Just change ACA's name to Trumpycare&he will be thrilled, Don't hurt us anymore
Insurance co's don't care if something works or not, the have their formularies & treatment restrictions to guarantee people get sicker!
No. You're wrong.
That's because it pays for drug co's to make people sick not get rid of disease & that's thanks to killing competitive treatments & insurers
Trumpcare 0 for 3......ACA still not imploded.  Presidents lie, Senators lie.....numbers don't.
Anderson, will ~you~ ask him the hard question of why he wants to kill my dad, with his 'plan' ?
No Lindsey, you're a hypocrite and a liar and you have failed yet again to push your bullshit tax cut health gut on even the craven @GOP.
Lindsey is afraid to lose his donations. Bernie is destroying you.
This is the state govt he wants to regulate the health insurance market where I live.
Senator, that cure will never happen, why? After another drug co steals the formula &'undercuts them, they couldn't make anything off it!
You are wrong, though should admit GOP sabotage has hurt ACA. Your plan is worse, so why push it through?
Mr. Sen., What do you think about Rand Paul's contingencies?
Just focus on fixing it - quit playing for the cameras
Cassidy-Graham are bought and paid for by their mega-millionaire donors. Stealing American's healthcare to produce for their pimps. Shameful


