What will it take you to back impeachment? Is THIS enough? If not, what ELSE? Total war?
On this #NationalPurpleHeartDay,  honoring those recipients living who were wounded also posthumously given this prestigious MEDAL.,TRUTH
The Distinguished ,Sen.Lindsey GRAHAM of South Carolina; Armed Services Committee,  "  Salute"
Next will be Lindsey Graham that needs replaced for betraying trump! We’re coming!
Can't wait!
They took Trump over u don't forget that! U make insinuating comments abt #FakeNews against POTUS, Stand behind him FIRST before you blabber
Mr. Graham - I see you are against RAISE, say it's due to affect on S.C.. I looked at the numbers and thought about it. Who do you work for?
I herd you people are plotting to Assassinate President Donald T trump!? If this is true its not going to look good for you!!
How about a town hall?
Wonderful! Bless them! But there will be no survivors among #firstresponders if we have #NKorea #nuclearWar you fence straddler #AMJOY
I think you are in denial and a class of your own - Most Liberals, if they dislike our POTUS, do respect and like Mike Pence. #Support45
No.
Nobody likes Mike Pence. Not his mother and not the woman who gave birth to him either.
Republicans blocked First Responders HC for 10 years after 9/11.  Who got it for them?  Hillary Clinton.
and Bernie Sanders voted against it
LOOK HOW HAPPY YOU LOOK, SOME COOKIS MAKE YOU HAPPY, WOW

Nice photo-op. Try being a real American and back your President and the American people. Term limits for All. MAG
FYI ..  Dear Intern/Aid .. make sure Lindsey see this.  Thank you!
Twice Stephanopoulos tried but failed to get @KellyannePolls to say Trump would commit to not firing Mueller.

With u in honoring our First Responders, Senator! Can you also look into this crooked AG, Alan Wilson? It looks bad.
Emails show SC AG coordinated w/ a key figure in a corruption probe to try to sideline the case's special prosecutor http://www.postandcourier.com/politics/emails-south-carolina-ag-coordinated-with-key-figure-in-statehouse/article_db600c26-7871-11e7-9109-7bb3a89fa640.html …
Not only is hillary not being investigated she still has a high security clearance.ARE YOU SERIOUS
U wanted2take their Heath Insurance away,so I'm guessing this is ok with you. We The People are NOT ok with this!
LOL!  THIS WAS FUN!  #SouthCarolina #Palmetto #PalmettoState #Clemson #Gamecocks #southerncharm #scgop #scports 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lindsey_Graham_presidential_campaign,_2016 …
At least he is visiting the people in America now!  #SouthCarolina #FirstResponders #Silkway #depleteduranium weapons sales!  July 4, 2017
Why no movement on Taylor Force Act? Senator why are you not stopping the $300 million KILLER BOUNTY to Palestinian MURDERERS?
Trump has done more for country in 6 months then you and Republicans have done in the last eight years, yet you against every thing he does.
You should stop by and thank our President for making you relevant now after last eight years of no power. Show some appreciation.

Looks like a photo op for a democrat hiding in republican cloths
South Carolina Conservatives know that Graham is a treacherous turncoat Him & McCain are trying to bring down our President. #ReplaceGraham!
Is it just me or does Lindsey Graham look like a Elton John version of the weasel family ??? Light in the loafers Lindsey is a real turd
Geez I never recognized you were such a tiny hobbit.  No wonder you spend so much time trolling the president.
#WeThePeople are on to u
When ALL patriots surround the House and Senate to demand you and your co-conspirators step down, you will rue the day you messed with us!
LET'S PICK UP THE PACE & FINISH THE JOB...& SAVE THE PLANET!
Get a Backbone!
Palmetto State #PalmettoState
DO NOT TRUST GRAHAM!
ILLEGAL WEAPONS SALES TO TERRORISTS!
#SILKWAY #DEPLETEDURANIUM
#COVERUP TREASON!!!
#SCGOP
#FirstResponders #SouthCarolina DO NOT TRUST HIM!
HE IS TRYING 2 COVERUP HIS TREASON!
DO UR HOMEWORK! #SILKWAY
w/ McCain,Patreaus,Biden,HRC
Graham... you are a SWAMPDWELLER!!  You are a traitor to OUR president and to the Republican party.   GET OUT!
Sorry Sen.Graham & Fire Fighters especially, but tRump. Plz tell people that immigrants don't get any kind of welfare for more than 5 years.
Also my mother (US disabled citizen) lives on SSI. She gets $485 a month. You try living on that.
And don't forget we have a constitution I guess you forgot
Make sure to tell the First Responders that you're to blame for getting their earmarks stripped.
Your Never-Trump days are going to end real soon because from what I hear @SenateMajLdr is so pissed he's going to strip earmarks.
On fox you fully supported sessions stepping aside for potential conflicts, why don't you have the same attitude for mueller? They 10x worse
Mueller has way to much bias, power. Why wasn't the same consideration given for crimes related to Dems?
So what does whether or not Flynn received on/off the rec.  $$ from Turkish govt. have to do w/Russia? Is he the new FBI, CIA, & DOJ?
I can't come on twitter without calling you an asshle at least once!!  you change the presidents constitutional rights you open pandoras box
lindsey, if you don't think there is a reason for firing mueller at this time then you are are brain dead or you are corrupt like the rest
there are so many reasons as to why mueller should be gone, but you already know this republicans and democrats are in bed together scumbags
Great job Lindsey! But did they all have to imported Fudge?
Do you job. Repeal and Replace ObamaCare.  Call for a Special Prosecutor to look into Clinton, Lynch, Podesta, Rice, Rhoades, Brenner, DWS.
We don't appreciate you.  Traitor.
If Graham is re-elected then I know the world has gone crazy.
KISS SENATE GOODBYE. YOU WILL BE VOTED OUT NEXT ELECTION. YOU HAVE SHOWN TRUE COLORS.
have a nice break, now do not come back!
Wow, you brought them cookies. How about having a backbone in Washington to support homeland defense and immigration enforcement!
RINO.....RINO........RINO....
This is called creating a photo op  I think -- but really with a 3$ pack of cookies --- come on man!

Asked the fake president why he never went on vacation with putin
I want alot more to show talk to the conman about his tweet thats national security off the hook please spare me he is deffrent big loon
Please all SC public servants don't believe anything this liar says.
Isaiah 5:23 Woe to you who acquit the guilty for a bribe, but deny justice to the innocent.   Our President is the innocent. You know this
You try and nullify our vote for @realDonaldTrump there will be civil war. We will not stand and watch this coup continue idly.
Haha...all 33 percent of you are gonna rebel?  K. Let's see how that works out.
You gonna fight back with dildos and dresses? We all know how the left is. Believe me 67% of the country isn't a leftist. Safe space combat?
Are you holding @POTUS responsible for leaks coming from the WH?
Pleated slacks? Embrace the tailored, flat front look, Senator.
first responders in south florida too
How can L be honest trying to cut his states healthcare? He is a wolf in sheep clothing.
Mr. Graham As A Lawyer You Are Aware You Can Not Put A Bill In Place To Prevent Pres Trump From Firing Mueller. Why Would You Say It?
I hope you don't take their healthcare away!
Liar

What he doesn't get is there is an anti-RINO grassroots army nationwide who will bankroll his opponent's campaign next time he runs.
Just wondering, how much, total, did you take from the Russian oligarchist?
Lindsey Graham you an Republicans need to impeach Trump
Shallow
A box of cookies? Silly! Get back to work and do what you promised instead of trying to start a Deep State war you'll lose.

IMPEACH LINDSEY GRAHAM NOW! What the hell is w/SC? Graham lost the vote by 99%, and he wants Payback. IMPEACH NOW & #MAGA
We do appreciate them. Would also appreciate senators who stand for the people of SC and not just the party line.
Why don't you start doing your job
Too bad your a traitor to all of us,,
MccAin =senile. In any other profession at his age he would have forced to reitre. With Age ur mind goes dim thats a fact. Greedy Sod RETIRE
ERRRRR, At his age in most professionas all over the world you would have made to reitre. Knows fact how AGE dims some ppl's minds
Hopefully we all in SC can vote this man out of office.  He is bad news for America.  We have all known it!
I have a nephew who is a Columbia firefighter and his brother is with Richland county sheriff department. Proud of first responders.
Put a different twitter pic., you look like Obama holding your head high as if you are above all &  taking higher power job from...GOD
That is just the dumbest comment ever!!!
Lindsey--we had no idea you were a shrimp.
Come on buttercup, hold a town hall. You should have been delivering these honorable souls a healthcare plan, NOT snacks!
I hope you hold a TOWN HALL SO WE CAN LET YOU KNOW HOW WE FEEL ABOUT HEALTH CARE AND THE RHINOS WE ARE VOTING OUT FOR SABATOGING TRUMP!
Tell the first responders about the billionaire Russian Oligarch money you accepted, Lindsey.

Syrians describe torture inside Assad prisons: 'Death is much better than this'  http://fxn.ws/2v7n33Z  via @holliesmckay 
You're a traitor to the Republican Party. If you turn on trump expect to lose your senate seat.
Your RIGHT, Sen. Lindsey GRAHAM of South Carolina, on this #NationalChocolateChipCookieDay , w/ your first responders of  South Carolina
You brought them a container of cookies from Costco. What would your mother say? Now get in that kitchen and do them right!

"Chechnyan attacks against #LGBTQ community are terrifying.We can't turn our back on global #HumanRights atrocities" https://www.hrc.org/blog/five-horrific-testimonies-in-lgbt-networks-report-highlights-chechnyas-atro …
How about a town hall?

ICYMI, coverage of today's briefing on Russian kleptocracy on @cspan can be found at https://www.c-span.org/video/?431597-1/helsinki-commission-holds-discussion-russian-corruption … #Russia #corruption
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/885196341143511040 …
Store bought?
Costco. Only the best for South Carolina heroes!

Trump admin didn't invent Islamophobia, but it normalized expression of anti-Muslim sentiment in political discourse http://bit.ly/2w1PnSx 
Welcome home @LindseyGrahamSC. Any plans for a town hall? SC wants to talk to you. We have concerns.
He's busy dropping off Kroger cookies to first responders. At least spring for good cookies for heroes.
The GOP's motto is; It's easier to blame others for their shortcomings than it is to take responsibility for them.  Disgusting.

Spare a thought today for the million kids in Yemen starving and afflicted by polio and cholera 

New York's @AGSchneiderman is taking steps to stop ICE raids in state courthouses 
