It's health insurance, not health care.
Says a bureaucrat trying to remove your decision making power over your family's health care, by removing your chance for health care.
Healthcare is a human right.
Stop it Mr. Cassidy...just stop it.  Please, Please...have a heart and be honest with the American people.
And you somehow think you're NOT giving power to bureaucrats like yourself? Yore ether lying or delusional.
The debate is about how advanced nations look out for each other, and about whether the U.S. should become one.
Who isn't making their own decisions? Please provide specifics
That's actually not even close to what the debate is about
I'm on disability, Medicare and Medicaid. I make ALL of my healthcare decisions. What Doctor. What pharmacy. When. Where. 

You're a liar.
I wish we would've debated this more 8 years ago
If Hermes Conrad was deciding my healthcare, I'd be concerned. Then again, that'd be the case if anyone but ME was deciding my healthcare.
#oversimplification
I'm an American and permanent resident of Australia, using Aussie universal, taxpayer-funded health care for last 7 years. 

Shut up.
You lost! Go home! We will hold you to account for your disasterous bill! #Louisiana
You say this like all Americans have the funds for every denial of healthcare by insurance.
Well said!
Throw your bill out. BRING BACK the House bill it was a great plan.
Feeling duped yet? You have to do better. You are capable. Stop being a bigot.
Jimmy Kimmel was right - you are a liar.
Right! A bureaucrat shouldn't have power over a woman's right to decide what to do with her own body.  Oh, wait..that's not what you meant.
Isn't state government full of bureaucrats?
This is dishonest
No it isn't. The debate is who should do the paperwork. Pushing the death panel narrative is so 2010.
Why do you think some state official will care more than a federal official? I live in Illinois. They don't care.
False dichotomy. Insurance companies already make decisions over healthcare. Issue is to make outcomes better!
No. It isn't. You're finding new ways to lie about your awful bill.
For an MD, you don't understand healthcare/insurance. For a Senator, you don't understand legislative process. This is a problem.
you done got ratio'd, hoss. time to log off
Not really
Abolishing insurance companies? They're bureaucrats that put profits before people. Will gov stop interfering in women's health decisions?
i would much rather be in control of my own healthcare. But it's REALLY hilarious how you equate that with private, for-profit insurance
You're a liar, and what you attempted to do here makes a mockery of your oath as a physician. If you were capable of it, you'd be ashamed.
I'm from Louisiana and if you pass your healthcare bill you will not have my support! I'm not alone in this! Leave Obamacare in place!
Wow looks like a lot of people think you're wrong and dishonest.
these are "video game on easy" Stanton numbers
these are not decisions on health care Bill they are decisions on paying for health care and access to health care. Most people are not MDs
If by, "you," you really mean a corporation that makes money by screwing people out of coverage. At least be honest with us.
Bullshit, liar.
that’s not the debate, but keep building that strawman
as opposed to a corporate leech trying to deny your coverage through whatever loopholes they can dig up?
Hey Bill, it's actually a debate about whether we're cool letting people go broke because they got sick.
No it’s not you ghoulish fucker
Actually, it's about idealogues taking away insurance from millions who need it to please the donor class.
Right now the decisions are being made by greedy bureaucrats at insurance companies and craven politicians like yourself, Senator.
Liar....
Shame, no tax breaks for #gop mega donors after all. Also @BillCassidy schooled by @SenSanders . Also used extreme case of premium increase.
Please know that outside of your delusional voter base, the rest of us see you for the liar you are.
They already have that power. They're called "insurance companies," so let's not pretend otherwise.
#SaveACA
Why does no country with UHC want to give it up?
This is such a false argument.
The Hippocratic Oath, look it up.
No, it's not. You're a liar and a sociopath. And likely a really terrible doctor with thousands of dead patients.

Bill....INSURANCE companies make the decisions on "healthcare" despite a person's needs or his/her doctor's orders.  Stop talking shit!
If the two of you and your fellow senators would work with your fellow democrats you would get something done. This would be leadership...
When we take your healthcare away, you’ll be free to take any herbal remedies you can find growing in your yard. Dandelion greens, maybe?
The rich just want get richer. That's your only decision.
Not bad. But you & yours need to redirect to a more glorious fight. This 1 will not serve you. Nor me. Too many forces arrayed against you.
Being a citizen of a great country should come with great benefit. 1st should be healthcare. Catch up to 2017. #HealthCareDebate
Are you kidding me? Taking health care away from millions of people does not give those people power over their health care.
You mean the bureaucrats that work for insurance companies? Agreed! They should not have that power!
The only reason you could possibly object to cheaper healthcare in bulk is if you have a conflicting interest to keep $ going elsewhere....
You shop at Costco or Walmart, yes? Buying in bulk makes those costs go down, no?
Do we seriously make all the decisions in a world of horrific and notorious corporate insurance customer service?
Change from republic to true democracy. We the people vote on EVERY bill. No trust any more in our representatives.
Yes and clearly if you allow insurance co's 2 once again price gouge sick & older, not cover essential services etc, we will have more power
Easy way to solve this. YOU & rest of the @GOP get same healthcare you shove up the arses of America.
No.  
It's about whether a government bureaucrat I can vote out is in charge, 
or a private for-$$$$ bureaucrat I CAN"T.
Senator - this process is all wrong as I’m sure you are aware.  We want bipartisan solutions to healthcare reform!   #CountryOverParty 
Or whether you want treatment or be escorted out of the building
Your moral compass has been compromised by . You Were a good Sen. but you sold us out for power n fame. U lied to @jimmykimmel #Liar 
I have Lupus and this bill would cause me to lose coverage and die as well as many others. How do you look in mirror. You're not my Sen. now
While enriching themselves.
Really? Because to people who lose insurance it would be a debate whether to go to the Dr. Instead of paying rent/mortgage or buying food!
What decision can I make if I cannot afford healthcare due to pre-existing condition? Suicide or bankruptcy?
BS
It's still about WHICH bureaucrats And Who gets the$$$
You can't honestly say that as long as you're not including Hyde Amendment repeal in the law.
I'm ok with the debate being about whether you're a liar actively working against your voters, if that's better?
Because of ACA and the expansion of Medicaid I am walking instead of being in a wheel chair in unbearable pain.
BS. This debate is about whether Americans can afford quality healthcare or not. And your bill is clearly on the WRONG side of that question
The AMA, the AARP, and hospitals ALL say your bill makes it worse for Americans. Even GD insurance companies say your bill will make it BAD
What if you don't have the resources to buy healthcare?
Uhhh I'm pretty sure it's about whether or not papa smurf is immortal?
You have no idea what single payer is.
So just how much money have you received from the insurance industry?
Ah, the ol' False Dichotomy, gets 'em every time.

You're really putting the ASS in Cassidy.
Corporate bureaucrats have control over our healthcare, with little accountability. With gov’t we have 2 Sens, 1 Rep, 1 Pres. (excpt DC&PR).
& so u think it's better for states to decide between who gets insurance ie. disability, seniors, pre-existing conditions & those who don't
YOU ARE the bureaucrat who is trying to make that decision for us.
80% of us disagree with what YOU want
Are we waiting until AFTER the war w NK to start impeachment?  Just wondering how to plan the rest of my life.
And we do NOT want youra!!
Says the bureaucrat trying to take health care from millions. Embarrassment to Louisiana.
No, it's not. And that's why you and the GOP keep failing, because you just don't get it.
Apparently state bureaucrats are ok though.
And we all agree that you should not. @GOPHELP @HELPCmteDems can get back to work now
You are a liar. Just stop it.
The debate is you are pushing a death plan
But when you're the bureaucrat stealing health care from millions of families...it really is about you.
Bullshit.
Not at all.  Stop with your lies.
A bureaucrat already has control - works for the health insurance company and approves/disapproves my medical claims
Are you insane? This is not the debate. At all. Not even in the slightest.
Right, because the insurance executives that routinely fucked people over by hiking rates when you got cancer were saints, right?
This debate is about how much Koch $$$ you and Lindsay can stuff in your pockets as Americans see exploding HC costs devour their budgets
Convince Senator John McCain and America might buy your BS.
As if giving control to state legislatures isn't giving it to a group of bureaucrats? Really Bill did you really say that?
Why is it that loudest voices about reducing regulation live in the most tightly zoned neighborhoods themselves
No it isn't. It's about health coverage to help pay for care.
And employees of insurance companies aren't bureaucrats?  Nice try selling your tax cut for the wealthy, though.
I hope you at least get to vote because We The People plan to vote every RINO & Democrat   out of office 2018 and 2020 for not #RepealACA
You're a complicit liar.
#CassidyGraham  NO
I believe u r a bureaucrat u r making decisions for my hlthcare and want to send to local bureaucrats here who will slash care 4most hurting
The debate should be about affordability, access does not guarantee that
False. The debate is whether my family has healthcare or a politician takes it away from us. Believe it or not, govt sometimes helps ppl
Well I definitely don’t want it to be you! Your plan essentially “kills people”. No thank you. Fix ACA.
You can't make decisions you can't afford
ITS NOT! It's about equal coverage, lower deductables, & we want EXACT same healthcare that Senators have! & we want it by the end of Sept.
This decision is about stripping healthcare from 32 million people
Honest question sir. How much more do you think you can lie to the American people like this?
The bigdonors are the only power the GOP cares about. Throwing folks off the health care bus to give $ to a guy driving a Porsche is sick.
As the child of a (now dead) cancer victim, let me say F- you. We already have death panels, they are called insurance companies.
It would give state governments the ability to set the terms. How is that not bureaucratic?
That is ridiculous. Since ACA enacted each and every health care decision has been made between me and my doctor.
so u talk about u if u say a "bureaucrat"? if YES WE WILL VOTE U OUT @NextElections
That is a lie, driven by ignorance and disregard for the people of this country.
YOU and your GOP cronies are trying to make decisions. My adult disabled daughter relies on Medicaid.. YOU want to gut that.. #liar
Im poor, what choices do I have?
Why do you want to decide women's reproductive healthcare then? How does defunding @PPact help women? Without BC, abortions will increase.
Jimmy said you were a liar. You just proved it...again.
You mean like my state bureaucrats in TX? You'd allow them to screw over people w/pre-existing conditions! How is that empowering us at all?
No, the debate is about keeping your ability to make Healthcare decisions. Which means, Vote No Republican.
You are a politician, worse than an bureaucrat. LIAR.
Bureaucrats have had power over my family's healthcare all along. Insurance company bureaucrats try to pay out as little as possible.
Sounds wrong. You're a bureaucrat and you're trying to make my health care decisions.
.. but a bureaucrat in your state will be better?
#donoharm

That's very misleading. It doesn't have to be that extreme. All Americans should be able to have the same insurance you have.
The only reason for the debate was because you fail to obtain bipartisan support. Suck it up.

JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
And your bill gives the fucking bureaucrats the power!! We see through you.
no it isn't.  It's about whether you will listen to the PEOPLE or donors..so far you r listening only to your donors.
For the millions who would lose insurance coverage with GrahamCassidy I guess it would have to be a bureaucrat or waiting in line at the ER.
Bullshit. Medicare works just fine. There's not a bureaucrat in sight. Tell the Koch brothers to take a walk. #Resist.
Insurance is a financial product where the issuers have all the inside information ass clown liar.
Apparently you have never dealt with an insurance company or a billing department.
This debate is about whether the people can accept the pathetic and dangerous excuse for a bill that you and others introduced
No one is buying your bullshit
I have a personal story that epitomizes the idea that each individual is responsible for his or her health care costs. Woukd luv to share
Should I or a bureaucrat have decision making power over my uterus?
See? That's your mistake. Bill doesn't believe that your uterus belongs to you in the first place. #AllYourUterusesBelongToBill
Is shit-nozzle a registered trademark or can I use it?
There's a small licensing fee, but I can hook you up. 

Um, not to the shit-nozzle.
Now that's just not the case! #Killthebill
You're right, and I want you, in particular, to stop deciding that I can't have it.
@LindseyGrahamSC sadly your argument=waste of GOP's time. The insurance companies are the only winners in all your plans!
Your imaginary debate is only relevant to you, because you actually have that power.
Such a murderous liar.  You want to kill Americans solely to give the rich tax breaks and satisfy the Kochs and Mercers.
#HealthCareDebate.
No it is NOT  its about cutting healthcare so u can give a tax reduction to the RICH
@LindseyGrahamSC ...lol... It will still be a bureaucrat it will just be a state bureaucrat. #Reality
Oh, brother
The irony is that you, as a bureaucrat, are doing exactly that.  We did not want your crappy plan.  Leave our healthcare alone. 
You are the bureaucrat making that decision about my healthcare. Stop trying to ruin a good thing and make it even better. Make ACA better.
Does that include a woman's right to choose the birth control she wants or an abortion because she was raped? Selective government control
This garbage line only works on idiots who have no idea how things work.  You don't even lie halfway decently. Claptrap from the indolent.
Lying sack o crap!!!
BULLSHIT.  It's about some billionaire tax cheat trying to hoard stolen money. Fuck you, Koch-whore.
Bureaucrats run insurance companies! Get insurance companies out of Americans Healthcare. Insurance companies are causing failure to health!
