In my view, it is a body blow to the institution. And the Senate will be missing one of its most unique, talented and thoughtful voices.
Respect his decision & will work to make sure that he runs through the tape accomplishing as much as possible between now & end of his term.
@SenBobCorker:

A good man, dear friend and Great American.
Not sad at all...quit or be voted OUT...almost ALL of you SUCK
The better GOP senators will leave because of Trump. #ImpeachTrump
That is bull the establishment jerks will crawl out of the swamp and leave because they will no longer control everything. Glad he is going
I agree with you they are corrupt to the bone. Need term limits.they will leave when they can no longer rape us 2 benefit themselves.crooks
So who's your ally in destroying our health care, then, Graham??
He has my respect. He is honest about serious concerns about @realDonaldTrump  We are scared sh^tless and you're playing golf.
Talk him into staying.
Of course you are - you are losing another vote.
Term limits should happen before retirement... the US Congress is where entitled people sell their vote for finance support.
Wrong
Our grandchildren will ask how Congressional Republicans stood up to Trump. We will say "Graham enabled and Corker quit." Both bad choices.
Your GRANDCHILDREN are drinking the fluoride they wont give a rat's ass let alone know any true history dont worry about it ..GLOBAL dint
Maybe you should take a hint and get out??
You should keep him company
Honest to God. Throw them all out. Every last billionaire and millionaire in WH.
No wonder.  He can't stand you people anymore
You guys and all your back room deals to make money doesn't bother me a bit.more of you need to go.term limits need to happen.to corrupt.
Well Tennesseans are not sad! He has been a kiss ass horrible senator for our state
All because your buddy trump is putting $$ behind other candidates! Here's to hoping you're the next to go!!
Senator, Bob Corker never considered being a Senator for life. Perhaps you should follow his example?
He's probably tired of working with dirty dealing Russian puppets--men like you with NO honor or integrity.
U shoul be saddened for your treachery, it doesn't matter who U R friends with. Ur loyalty should be 4 ur constituents, those who hired U.
he's not going far...go see him over at Mueller's place.extending nice words ...telling him "please don't bite me on the ass". #Kochsuckers

When are you and McCain retiring?
Draining the swamp one over paid do nothing politician at a time.
HE IS A SMART MAN NOT LIKE U AND THE REST JUST A BUNCH OF #LAIR. AND U TRYING TO PASS A TRUMPCARE BILL TO HURT AMERICAN. SUCH A #SHAME
Just the beginning, @LindseyGrahamSC! @GOP ship going down with @realDonaldTrump. If you want to save your party, need to stand up to him!!!
@SenBobCorker is ashamed of your #corruptGOP party, you should be too; but I guess this contamination don't have limits!
Escaping the insanity is a good idea.
After seeing what you tried to do to my neighbors w/ #GrahamCassidy I couldn’t care less about your feelings.
Incredibly sad that u r not
He did a better job as Chattanooga mayor. Good bye
It will be a glorious day when you retire or just fade away.
Good abother BS taker down the toilet.  Vote in another Moore and out with the do nothing RINOS
Hope your family is covered by your generous senatorial benefit!  Hope those benefits are same as genrsl citzentry! Sold out by republicans
Smart man considering how corrupt the GOP has become. Besides anyone 65 & up should be retired. Too old to make the right decisions for all.
Not sad in the least
Why, us he a buddy that helped u kill the HOUSE approved health bill
You n me both, babe.
Good start~how about you next to retire~maybe Mitch~you obviously don't care for the country as you do nothing about delusional trump
Thank god he’s going now we just need you and John McCain
Remember, Lindsey sold out dfainsr mc cain.  He sold his fold to party vs country! MCCain warned him but we preferred to be a white to party
How about you retire with him. You are useless.
Dummies all of you congrats on your loss today. Obamacare wins single payer coming to your state real soon. GOP voted out
Be happy, join him in retirement
Good!  Go enjoy your family.
He is a man of honor.  I don't agree with him often. But a man of honor
Draining the swamp!!!!
Sorry I am elated that another RINO is leaving the Senate. Now to be done with McCain ASAP Flake another RINO we do not want. More to follow
My not rebuplican mind tells me he just might primary 45....
Partly your fault!
You guys learn to stick together maybe the few good ones won’t quit.
Good then we can put a true conservative in his place and pass some legislation. Now if McCain would retire America would be better off.
I bet he's so happy to get away from the cluster **ck that is the trump presidency.
Best thing that happened from sliced bread!  Another establishment politician bites the dust!
He needs to. No one will miss him.
Maybe you should join him
Being past Trump supporter maybe has made Corker regretful that the GOP was taken by a carpet bagger & snake oil salesman.  Prez is a hoax.
He’s gettin while the gettin is good.   You all have yourselves to blame for why your jobs suck.  Do something about it. Work together
Repub party must acknowledge they R broken due 2 their inability 2 work across the aisle & their refusal to acknowledge Trump is madman.
Shane he going, need rational ppl in senate
I'm so sorry to hear that.  Maybe your boyfriend will console you tonight with some chocolate covered strawberries. Weak so called man.
You'd better consider it, too, senator.
Hey Lindsey, you might consider retiring as well. Especially if you think this latest text giveaway is a good healthcare bill.
Changing of the guards. Out with the old in with the new.  It's time for an awakening!  Younger generation needs to step up and unite!!!
Because you have certainly failed us.
This is the greatest news ever what a terrible senator he never done what us folks in Tennessee voted him to do good riddance @SenBobCorker
More good people will retire rather than being stained by the travesty that is Trump.
Sad enough to retire yourself?
Can’t wait for you to retire!!!
Incredibly saddened to hear that you wrote that atrocity of a "healthcare" bill- used to respect you but well.... maybe time to go?
You should join him
Time for you to retire
I'm incredibly saddened that you tried to pass that horrid healthcare bill.
You should follow his lead....
Please follow suit. Thank you in advance.
Draining the swamp
Not.
Most of the Senate needs to follow suit...worthless
#Impeach Trump. Unless you so, more will be jumping ship, Lindsey.
I think its great! You should think about it too.
You should do the same.
He's sick of that crazy shit
No offense, but when he was my Senator, I wasn't impressed. I wish him a happy retirement. I'm sure he earned every penny.
I'm not you could join him!
Your going to join him, right?
So is Trump "draining the swamp"? Hell no! He's driving decent folks out of Government and fostering social division for political gains.
.could it b that @SenateMajLdr and u drove him to it? I'm just sayin
When r you! I mean you have rotten the senate halls
Maybe he’s just tired of the BS.
Plan to say good riddance to many others in 2018.
I love you sugar,  but you need to srsly consider doing same.   Get out now before there's nothing left of your humanity.
screw you @LindseyGrahamSC
Maybe it's time for you all to leave!  Bring back regular order and get rid of lobby panderers!
Dude, get a life. We Tennesseans can do better than "Lil Bob." South Carolina can do better than you.
He can't any more of the lying vile Trump!
Can you blame him? GOP has become toxic under @potus , Bannon, Miller, Gorka, Steve King, just to name a few.
Yay!  One old rino gone!
Unlike others he never intended it to be a life long job. Unfortunately most Senators start sucking teat and are intoxicated by it! 2 terms
YESSSSSS!! Go Corker go!
You and Trump can take credit for it too!
Draining the swamp one pc worshiper at a time
Unless @BillHaslam decides to run, I worry who could replace @SenBobCorker
I'm not.
well he and the rest of you may as well retire and live off that fat retirement, nothing is being accomplished anyway.
He running in 2020
I’m incredibly sad that you aren’t following his lead.
Each man for himself the GOP is collapsing
Losing another crony?
We aren't #draintheswamp get behind Trump or retire
Sad..BUT don't you just love the sound of Senator @MarshaBlackburn
Wish you would retire also.
I'm hoping you are retiring too.
When are you leaving @LindseyGrahamSC?
He will be missed. Only so much time you can take the swamp before becoming “swamp thing”
We will be thrilled to hear if YOU ALL RETIRE, that way we don't have to vote you OUT
Maybe you should be next after the disaster of a bill you just tried to force on the American people.
me too. It should have been you.
All RINOS should retire or resign from congress. Else they will be primaried. Retire? Of course you’ll take the taxpayers money for the rest
of your life.Even though you’ve done NOTHING to deserve http://it.You  should go hide in the hills of TN and hope nobody calls you
99 more would be a great start.
Good!
U next? We all hope so!!
You should go with him.  You can hold hands and skip down the Capitol steps.
Oh...one of the guys who let Obama stuck the I ran deal up our asses??
Not me, hopefully he will be replaced with a Democrat that doesn’t want to take healthcare away from millions of people!
Major bummer! One of the good guys!
Lindsey, your healthcare bill = CRAP.
Try running again and see how many voters will remember how you named a bill after yourself that DIED
Dude...he sees the writing on the wall!!
Exactly why term limits are needed, it's not a serve til you die position
We're not, there's about 30 more of you clowns that need to join him, been in DC way past your usefulness, you going to join him?
Trumps gonna have alot of your friends retiring
Guys like you chase them out. piece of shit health bill would send anyone w integrity out the door.@gop dying from within,blame yourselves
You should follow in retirement.
Sorry to hear of your sadness. Perhaps a drink at the Cap G. Will help. Perhaps they will find a real conservative to run. I would join you!
I don't blame him. Who would want to deal with the negative vitriol in our politics today.
Net worth same, less or more than when He entered the senate?  Drain the swamp
Just remember that the #Resistance has a big can of Raid and we plan to 'Repeal and Replace the Republican party'. Biggest LIARS EVER!!
No its sad you are apart of the establishment
Bye bye!
People with any integrity can't stay in corrupt swamp.
Losing one of the honest ones -
2014 Doge van of a Patriots was Tampered at orleans Casino ~2month ago,towed to Eugene's today picked up with a cracked head, Intelligence!
As intelligence terrorizing my Characters at Eugene's was Charged~$2,400, Burned my Transmission paid$1,500taking my Van Home with overheat.
Why so much Crime againest one person, take his wife,Children,His Transportation His wealth, now attacking place he sleeps& falsify reports
The intelligence are betraying this Country and terrorizing Patriots & anyone disagree with Bigotry and Hatred.
You should retire as well..
Probably sick of the Trump bullshit
It's because of the poison environment in DC. Why would anyone want to work in that environment.  Clean it up and ditch the ideology
Woohoo
He's probably tired of the embarrassment of our piece of  FAKE PRESIDENT. It IS a shame. @gop are a bunch of sellout Nazi supporters.
This toxic environment is making it hard for everyone.
Because GOP are trumpers now... horrid and divisive
Are happy ??! You created a monster
You should retire.
Well, enabling @POTUS and shitty Steve Bannon will do that. Your party is about to elect a geriatric cowboy hoisting a gun at a rally!
Maybe he is sick of the shit show you guys put on everyday that we taxpayers have to fund?
When will YOU retire?
Can you blame him he does not want to be a Russian satellite nor a Koch puppet????
Do you blame him?
THANK GOD! You next? GOP Sucking the LIFE out of America with YOUR lengthy employment & your personal petty grudges! Affordable CARE "Drama"
One #RINO down, about 20 more to go.
I don’t blame Corker.  Many good decent men are wasted doing what you GOP haven’t been getting done for Americans
Term limits! GOP has been worthless. #MAGA
Incredibly saddened?

Good!
Who wouldn't want to get out of dodge? #hotmess
Wait, you're incredibly saddened? GOOD! You deserve it! 
Finally
If only you would retire, life would be so-o-o much better!
He has too much integrity to continue his membership in such a fraudulent organization.  Maybe your cynical health bill was the final straw.
That is sad. If you don't concentrate on getting rid of trump, the Senate will suffer as will democracy.
You should be.  I can't imagine the trumpkin who will replace him
Can I have his healthcare??
You should be so lucky!
Too bad you aren't saddened at all about the low and middle class workers that you are proposing to take health care from! Shame on you!
Hopefully 1 less greedy republican.
He's tired of the BS you guys keep pulling on the American people, like the #GrahamCassidyBill  Do your job, fi healthcare, fix #Obamacare
Lindsey, you and all the other cowardly Republicans are destroying the party by enabling the Orange Menace. History will treat you harshly.
Who's children will fight the war started by 2 narcissistic egomaniacs? Yours? Trumps? Not likely!
great news
Why are so many GOP leaving office? Time to figure it out before the Republican Party is no more with only thugs left!
Your turn, but my bet is your pockets aren’t full enough yet. The smug look on your face last night was noted by millions. #TermLimits
@Phil_Mattingly @SenBobCorker With the damage McConnell has done to Senate and all of GOP corruption, it's best to leave.
Smart, before criminal investigations start/end, all you other corrupt GOPe/DEMs should also retire and focus on your defense.
We're not.

-Just about everyone else
This president is ruining the GOP.
Obama has torn apart the country and the left wing side of congress
