Trump and his MAKE AMERICA GAG AGAIN. STOP PUTIN'S PUPPET & LET POTUS OBAMA ENJOY YALL SIT BACK WHILE THUG T DESTROY U. S. A.
Keep living in the past while kowtowing to a traitor. That'll age really well, Senator.
Sometimes I think you want to keep your job and then you say words like this.
Omg i love this been telling the sob same 4 months scott a gonner too.SC5th voter
Scott was just reelected,then goes & votes to approve DeVos who contributed to his campaigns! Let's promise to vote out Graham!
I'm in. Graham has A LOT of work to do to get back my vote.
CLIMATEchangeWILLchangeAVAILABILITYofWATERresourcresPROTECT
Getting rich as an elected official is government overreach. But glad you're there to protect those poor corporations.
Just cause you say it don’t make it true boy.
lack of common sense gave us trump!!
No one is listening to you LIndsey. Enjoy your photo ops. When your term is over you will be voted out.
Shit, he may be defeated by that reality show coke head
Don't lets forget old Strom had his secrets..old Lindsey too..whats his wife's name?? Oh wait
As a conservative I can honestly say you are ALL an over reach of the government at it's worst. 
Let's fill Congress with more Trumps
Corporations  should be  prevented from polluting #WOTUS, but if they do pollute corporations should play for cleanup NOT my taxes.
How about we just head that off and prohibit them from messing up H2O to start with? Cleanup isn't much help if your river's already dead.
Yet you don't stand up to the most undemocratic process in our lifetime in the U.S. Senate with this R HC monstrosity - You are a coward!
well yeah it is silly to republicans most Americans drink water 
unlike your kind that drinks Americas BLOOD
Gues what NC water is contaminated and it's running your way. GenX is coming to SC compliments of NC. Enjoy.
Because who needs water when Nestle sells it bottled, right?
Another day, another sh*t show, in the US congress. @GOP is going down with this corrupt admin.
Question: Will repealing #WOTUS allow to pollute drinking water with fertilizers and leave the costs of cleaning it to taxpayers?
Spreading bullshit again..... How's Trump working out for the party of Putin?
Sir, I think you are a pretty awesome guy along with @SenJohnMcCain. @realDonaldTrump is talking about his cocktail party with BOY SCOUTS!

Omg. If I was drinking something it would be spewing from my nose.
I'm losing my here! WTF??
When is enough going to be enough?
Ask the people of Flint Michigan if they enjoyed having the @GOP making decisions about their water.
Free reign for BIG business to exploit waters, coastal wetlands, and rivers from Congaree to ACE Basin to turtle nesting sites.
That maybe your opinion, but I'm not buying it. You are Wrong. How about Congress Investigate and find out what is what!!!
Reading the responses to your tweet is distressing as I realize you don't care about clean water or clean air and don't care what we say.
You'll own this when more drinking water gets poisoned. Remember #Flint?

We were lucky to have @POTUS44 instead of the buffoon in @WhiteHouse now-ignorant @realDonaldTrump ! Clear your mailboxes so we can message!
Hey Lindsey can you pass me some of that crazy KoolAid youre drinking
Have children Senator?  Having clean water and an inhabitable planet for my Grandchildren is less important to you then donors #SHAMEONYOU
There will not be much left after Putins Puppet and the GOP get done destroying America for every kick back dollar you can collect
WATERourMOSTvitalRESOURCE
YOUareWRONG
Lindsey we will retire you soon buddy!
https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2017/07/24/gop-senators-dont-approve-mystery-health-bill-david-durenberger-column/502976001/ …
Act like a Republican and back or prez. while he fulfills every promise we elected him for.  Or join the dems..that IS who you work for.
Who asked you.  You over reach senator.  We elected a man to change the cap you career politicians are too impotent to do.
You allow and enable this disgusting POTUS
Still never apologized for saying: "He's not a war hero. He's a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren't captured." https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/889798407228989441 …
You make USA gag by allowing this egomaniac of a POTUS to use our Boyscouts for his ego,
This is the Boy Scouts' official policy on participation in political events. The short version: What happened tonight is against the rules. 
I guess being #Republican now means protecting corporate polluters
Senator, I might not agree with politically, but I  respect you.Please for your love of this beautiful country,get the madman out of the WH
And, vote no to the healthcare bill and/or repeal. We should help people not abandon them. People will suffer. Fix the ACA
Stop criticizing Obama and look at the leader you support YOU should be ashamed
Sir, #RepealObamacare 
Support @realDonaldTrump 
We Voted Trump Not Party -

Otherwise Voters Will Vote @SenateGOP @SenateDems Out!
I want all waterways clean. I want to share them with my grandchildren. You want to allow your donors to destroy them.
Having spent a lot of time paddling the Waccamaw and planning a trip down the Edisto i want those and all US waterways clean
THE PIED FOOT IN MOUTH PIPER TO HOLD YOUR LIL KIDDIES HOSTAGE FOR LEVERAGE BLACKMAIL BLAME GAME & AS A BARGAINING CHIP! NO BRAINER!
IT'S ENTRAPMENT BY THE PIED FOOT IN MOUTH PIPER TO HOLD YOUR LIL KIDDIES HOSTAGE FOR LEVERAGE BLACKMAIL BLAME GAME & AS A BARGAINING CHIP!
KILL OBAMA CARE THAN TRUMP CARE BECOZ THEIR ULTIMATELY BOTH GOING TO BE EVIL 3KS CARE....IT'S ENTRAPMENT BY THE PIED FOOT IN MOUTH PIPER TO
Yea, I hate it when the government insists my drinking water be...you know...drinkable.
http://www.audubon.org/news/the-waters-united-states-wotus-rule-what-it-and-why-its-important …
When did u start hating clean waterways. Wow. People need to know your war on clean water and air. U have no respect or love of our land
https://twitter.com/donmoyn/status/889688310691622912 …

What Trump just did before the Boy Scouts of America encouraging them to Boo a former Boy Scout is what FILTH does. GOP OWNS this.

Starting to doubt your common sense I want my grandchildren to have a clean earth&healthcare.With tomorrow's vote you want to take away both
#KillTheBill


Do something about the fake president
Are you high?
No, Senator, government overreach at its worst now sits in the White House.

thanks Lindsey, you #crookedcracker
What the ### does WOTUS mean?
Hey, please don't kill us! The American people  #VoteNoTrumpcare
No matter what. You will ALWAYS put your party over our country. U never let me http://down.You  should be in here with me#truestory
Quit trying to ruin our natural resources!
Facts please
Are you getting sucked into the room where they are drinking the koolaid? With John McCain ill, we need not to lose you to the dark side.
Does this mean that clean water is not important? I'm confused.
Why do you hate clean water?
Gee Golly. Who knew water (and junk in it) flows downstream?
You're sounding like trump now. Playing the blame game to take the heat off the gop.
Exercise some judgment. If you still care.
I ALWAYS THOUGHT YOU WOULD OFFER POTUS DIRECTION LIKE CRUZ, PAUL, RUBIO, MCCONNELL @SpeakerRyan WHAT R U SO HAPPY4 WITH RUSSIAN BILL WHY SAD
Clean water promotes the general welfare of all Americans. Any runoff enters our drinking water. Your job is to protect SC citizens.
Appreciate Senator Graham for standing strong for agriculture and what is needed .
Since you haven't tweeted about healthcare recently, I'll leave this here
Please stop blaming Obama. Can you think of nothing else to say?
Just what does Russian have on the GOP Congress ?
Seriously!  Tell the truth!  Your puppet master doesn't respect our government!  Sad to say Obama treated you better that Trump!
You want water to be dirty and polluted then you want to take away healthcare with #trumpcare ?
Environmental regs are not government overreach. They keep us healthy. Oh wait the GOP is against healthcare too. My bad.
"Elections have consequences," you told us. Concentrate on the current administration. Move forward. Create something better if you can???
Is this about the WTFOTUS we have in the Whitehouse now?
How about you stop crying about Obama and get something accomplished?
Still blaming Obama huh... I cannot wait to VOTE you out of office...
Oh please. Because protecting our environment should come after business?? Guess that’s why you don’t have kids, Lindsey.
How juevenile and pathetic.Pruitt is destroying our world. Hope you can sleep at night when kids drink contaminated water & breath dirty air
Beneath your dignity following, the example of @realdonaldtrump casting blame on the predecessor instead of WORKING towards a better future.
The ugly GOP can't run on their own merit or accomplishments. All you know how to do is smear. What has happened to the once honorable GOP?
Is pollution poisoning Charleston's African-American and low-income communities? https://www.charlestoncitypaper.com/charleston/is-pollution-poisoning-charlestons-african-american-and-low-income-communities/Content?oid=5790876 … via @chasCityPaper
You will never win another election again
You're right, clean water is a terrible thing. I don't like clean air either, see what you and the Koch boys can do about that.
How so? Please explain, this does nothing but make you look ignorant.
Boy, it sure is easy to sit back and criticize. Maybe try proposing decent policy for once and we'd get on board, you soft headed muppet.
REALLY 
You are the biggest shifter. One minute anti trump. Next minute licking his boots. You put party first.
Nonsense @LindseyGrahamSC current government greed is the outreach! Fix ACA and get rid of Trump and associates!
WHY are you focused on trying to make President Obama look bad? He is 100% more than the prez in bed with Putin! Repeal & replace trumputin!
WOTUS attempted to address a need.
How will you lead an initiative to address the need more completely, subservient to your ideology?
The days of the anti Trump Senators is over. We , the loyal Trump army will vote all of u out in. 2018 and 2020
You're STANK
What nonsense 
We hav the most corrupt @POTUS & @WhiteHouse Ever & u reachin back once again 2 dishonor our 1st honorable respectful @POTUS44? U r shameful
How so? Explaining that would have been more useful than a silly meme. Washington has hit bottom (hopefully).
#DiversionaryTactic
UN-senatorial.  Also creepy.
As unbecoming as DJT's tweets are. Go stand in the corner.  Shame.
If you are in SC, call and tell Graham to protect our environment. (202) 224-5972 #pollutingPruitt #Wotus #Protectourenvironment #cleanwater
His mailboxes are both FULL! He won't do the right thing- partisan hack and @realDonaldTrump apologist! 
Try again today. They probably check them 1x a day. @SenatorTimScott too. While we're distracted w/treason they are destroying our world.
You know what fails the "common sense test"? 
Manafort, Kushner, Trump Jr, all in a room with several Russians talking about nothing.
Our current President fails the common sense test, Obama wasn't nearly the shit show this administrations is,maybe you should focus on that
An awful lot of the time, it seems you put #Countrybeforedonors. Sometimes, like this? Not so much.
Will you vote and expect your peers to vote tomorrow on a bill you all have not seen?  You are better than that Sir
You should be ashamed of yourself. PEOPLE WANT CLEAN AIR AND WATER!! Do you hear me now? Pruitt should never have been confirmed. #swamp
This country desperately needs an assist.
Vote NO on wealthcare. It is not governance but abuse of power. It is Undemocratic and will kill people.
WRONG! Clean waterways should be a common shared goal. Polluters should bear cost of proper disposal. USA isn't a dump (SC notwithstanding)
So no Amnesty and you are a no vote on Immigration?  Is that true?  If so then you need to go.  #MAGA
Your stance smells of more corporate sponsored legislation courtesy of ALEC. 
http://www.alecexposed.org/wiki/ALEC_Exposed …
As someone who lives in remote Alaska and depends on clean streams to survive, I beg to differ.
Your Obama and Hillary hating and bashing  makes you look small Pruitt is destroying everything for dark money
You know what else fails the common sense test? Your support for the orange traitorous ding dong in the WH. #WeWillRemember
Graham, one of the few Republican's that is wiling to stand up to this child like president
Stand up?  LOL He is a RINO.  He only stands up against Republicans.
He has integrity
Says who?
Guess when your as old as you, clean air and water for the future isn't as important. Thanks
Cheesy and unbecoming and unbecoming a sitting senator
Yes. For White, Christian, non-LGBT, misogynist males
so, lins, aside from hating HILLARY and OBAMA, what else is wrong w u?
Don't worry, Lindsey.  Pruitt is making sure Americans have dirtier air and water for decades to come.  Oh, and denying climate change, too.

You fail the common sense test and you are still here
