you mean you will be blindly supporting 45 and his horrible, corrupt, embarrassing Putin dictated decisions.
It's Fox so we can't call it an interview - we'll just call it a friendly chat!
Sick of trump and his family profiting from the oval office. Never have I witnessed such whoring in the whitehouse
You have gone back to being just another GOP lap dog for Trump.
Fax news
That's exactly where you belong.
Why Fox news. Because they are complicit to Russia and Trump administration. You disappoint. Hoped you would stand up for America
Of course you are. You never speak to any legitimate news source.
sorry, can't hear you over the drips of the ice caps melting.
Why bother?
Speak well with a positive message for all. #forall

Why is protecting the planet not a bipartisan issue?
Why don't you stand up to Trump? You would gain respect?
anything you have to say is irrelevant. We will be voting you out next election. You've been a huge disappointment
Yea, Lindsey is and has a huge disappointment, especially his "town hall meetings staating ":I'm all in with Donald NOW"
oh that meeting was a joke. He doesn't hear his own constituents. Him and @SenatorTimScott 
You need to become a Senator again instead of a sycophant. Trump is dangerous and you are aiding and abetting
So you can talk about putting country before party? Oops. Wrong politician.
If @realDonaldTrump asked Comey to stop the investigation and Comey thought it was "unlawful order" then Comey was still required to stop.
I hope you will talk about how SC will be a leader in clean energy and proactive long-term environmental policies
Wow - pass me what you're smoking. Must be some good stuff if you think there's a chance of him saying anything like that. 
I was going for a nudge but it may just be wishful thinking on my part! #HopeNot #ParisAgreement
You are becoming quite the mouthpiece for that propaganda network.
you mean shilling Trump propaganda. Shame on you. #Trumprussia
Oh wow @FoxNews we already know what you'll be saying #FakeNewsMedia #fakemassage
Another FOX FAKE interview. I'm disappointed with you Lindsey
You're the republican who I always thought was the sane one with a voice of reason. Thanks for clarifying I'm wrong. You're complicit.
Fox Fake News the news station unfair and unbalanced!!call letters FFN
And don't EVER watch F** news!
Nobody cares JAG reservist party before country loser.
Let see. Lies and more lies? #GOPvsworld
Try speaking with a real news agency instead. Your support of Trump'ss pulling out of the Paris Accord is turning your back on Charleston.
Of course you are Lindsey your a company mind who totes the line.  To bad your company had a hostile take over by a foreign backer.
Since @realDonaldTrump has the legal authority to stop an investigation, why didn't Comey stop if Trump told him to?
Used to support you- now senator what's the point. You're useless.
Fox?? Lol... Could you get any lower, Senator Graham? The only newscast that is out of the loop of how real reporting works! 
Oh Fox News how lovely the bastards of your party
And what lies will you be spouting this morning?
But i thought they are fake news?
#Complicit
Wow, you've gone to the dark side
Not interested. GOP politicians should be treated like traitors and corrupt, until they decide to put country before party.
Complicit
Paris Accord.  Stand up for the environment, Lindsey. Impeach Trump.
Bye Republicans
Please don't.  You are an embarrassment to America.
Good Friday, Sen.Lindsey GRAHAM of South Carolina
Fake News!
FAUX news
You talk too much against trump withdrawing from #Parisclimateaccord & then tweet your support for his decision. Go away! 
Will interview be in English or russian your native tongue?
maybe you can explain why you are suddenly on the Pres. Bannon train of killing the environment and destroying institutions worldwide
This ought to be a waste of oxygen.
Be sure to keep it fair and balanced.
Your interview has been canceled since it appears your balls will be unable to attend.
I'm sorry for you
#ImpeachTrump
#TrumpSucks
#DoNotEmpowerTrump
Why not use legitimate news?
#circlejerk
I hope you'll be apologizing for your butt-kissing devotion to that lunatic traitor you call president
why its fox news
Are you going to stand by and let the Russians return to their compounds? Let sanctions be lifted? Did you get some of the dirty PAC money?
Learn from the guy for whom you sold your country and soul. Tweets like this should end, "ENJOY!"
No one cares but moronic conspiracy theory nut jobs. You're quickly becoming an irrelevant Trump shill.
I'm so sorry.
enjoy that #FoxNewsKoolaid @LindseyGrahamSC  tastes delicious but won't increase your trustworthiness... #RideTheTrumpTrain
Dont let them brainwash you mr graham. That's what they do. You've already sipped from the trump koolaid and it has hurt your reputation.
and, on Trump TV no less. You are a traitor.
Flip flopper. Another gop traitor. Goes for party, not country, like all the gop killers
I am so over you & the rest of the utterly feckless GOP. You are all complicit in the decimation of our country. History will not be kind.
IF you care about those who belong & support the Republican Party, you need to get ALL our Repub. leaders together, like the Dems do!
@LindseyGrahamSC 
Will you be discussing this news on Fox?
Right now I have no interest in what you have to say
Oh, plz go away..your a Rhino!
Awww, you're safe place, where you can go 2 feel good about yourself again
Because you know people from a place literally called THE LOW COUNTRY don't need to worry about climate change.....sigh.  #GoLongCanoes
Glad to hear you are meeting with President Trump today. Looking forward to the interview, so much to discuss.
Whoopee!
Senator-so glad you do not end your announcements with "Enjoy!" Like our dunderhead potus
How are we assuring that Russian sanctions are being kept and won't be lifted?
Who gives a shit Lindsey.  You've already sold your soul to tRump.
I would NEVER watch @FoxNews and there Women Hating lineup !!! @seanhannity
Who cares. He sold his relevance for 30 pieces of bloody silver. He's not American. Unless he's amerikkkan? But sure you're a comrade
Get on Tax Reform passed or @GOP gopwill lose. @SpeakerRyan screw border tax - see jobs rpt!
#FauxNews, huh? Need a comfy setting where you won't be drilled on your "Party over Country" policy? Putins American News wont save you.
10:39 am: Remove brain. 10:40 am: Speak to Fox Viewers. 11:00 am: Reinsert brain. 11:01 am: Take a shower. 11:15 am: look in mirror, cry
Make sure you reread all of trumps tweets,lies before you continue to sell your soul @LindseyGrahamSC
Speak the truth! @realDonaldTrump is "batshit crazy!"
Will you throw your support behind your constituents instead of trumprussia?
No one cares. Traitor.
Won't be watching!
To hopefully explain that climate change is real and the US needs to stay in the Paris agreement with the rest! #itshotinhere
What do you go on that propaganda joke.
#SellOut
Fortunately people with COMMON SENSE don't watch Faux(fake)Fox News. OMG!. Not interested in LIARS.
I never watch fox. Far too biased.
Interview on FOX means we will have the "support Trump" Lindsey. If it was MSNBC we would get the other Lindsey. Phony as hell.
Amen to that
Maybe less TV time and more Senator time.
Gotta hit that quota of “Dear Leader” appearances?
Who cares? You said enough yesterday. Done listening to you. I've lost hope for you and you've lost the ear of another American citizen.
Speaking to your base and regurgitating platitudes does nothing for voters like me.
Fox news destroyed this country's faith in our government and our press.
Why!? It's not a news channel.
Oh goodie
state media t.v......no thanks!
of course you are. a republican speaks on the #RepublicanPropagandaNetwork every day of every year. Life inside the bubble!
Many saying DT Obama wiretap tweet/Nunes came right after DT found out Kushner caught by intel communication w/Russia over Obama sanctions.
The Paris deal is nonbinding. The US needs to be a leader in fixing it. Please do not throw our country and our planet on irreversible path
Shocker
Got to go praise Trump and rip Obama .and get total loyalty points
Don't forget to use the word "troubling"
Of course, you will...
Why don't you speak to actual journalists? And will you address #TrumpRussia?
Well, that should be chock full if nothing. Because, what can you say when you've sold out your state for tax breaks for the rich?
No bull please.
Why would you do that?? You really don't have any shame.
Are you signing a deal today about getting out of the Paris agreement? I hope so
I'll turn the channel at 10:40:01
Pulling out from the Paris deal was an awful decision.
Why? Why would you do that @LindseyGrahamSC?
