Liar. Scoundrel.
not
...the Bubonic plague?
@LindseyGrahamSC I have come to believe that you and your congressional cronies really have no conscience. This bill is atrocious and sad!
https://www.facebook.com/aarpfl/posts/10155826582958680 …

BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
#shameonyousenatorgraham
he @NRO is a fan but the physicians, nonprofit disease prevention community and the medical community at large says NO WAY.  Kinda telling.
Desperation setting in lol being cut off for doing nothing?

Obamacare is failing because of GOP backdoor deals with @mtbert to trade ACA market collapse for anti-competitive mergers. https://twitter.com/SenateMajLdr/status/910569501921443840 …
It doesn't look like it.  I disagree w your assessment.  Please get rid of it.
Passing this bill threatens the life of my son.  I'll never forget it, and I'll never forgive it.
So let's get the CBO score first. Why rush the bill?
They only have till the end of September to pass bills with 50 votes after that they need Democrats to also support
And there lies the whole problem.
No Lindsey, Graham-Cassidy is NOT better than a fix to Obamacare
I can’t look at UR face..I can only hope that what U do with this bill will find U in the same situation as the poor and DO WITHOUT..NICE
No it is not.
Hey bud, why do you oppose universal healthcare?
Because private corporations can’t profit off it and send massive sums of money into his bank act. Through super PACs...

Sounds like those pockets really got greased. How bout a bill limiting terms for senators.
https://www.facebook.com/aarpfl/posts/10155826582958680 …
What’s it like to love money and power so much that you are willing to kill tens of thousands of people? That’s like top level psychotic...

Pathetic.
Do you read the responses. Almost no one supports this bill. I imagine many are your constituents. Do you care?
GOP doesn’t want 2 have 2 deal with healthcare so they R sending the problem 2 the states..Graham is a 
If it is good for us then you should also have the same health care as the folks you represent.
If your bill is good why sneak it in with a 50 vote?
People would support it on both sides.
This destabilizes our Insurers & Country why?
Please explain how ripping health ins away from expectant mothers and children is pro-life?
BS
But no babies can be born ever again in the US because no one can afford to pay for birth
Liar  hell is waiting
    
What an embarrassingly bad bill Lindsey. You are hurting your own people voting for this catastrophe
He is such a fake.  SC is a poor state and he doesn't care about average people at all.
Smells like !
You are an outright liar. As a lawyer with lupus, I know exactly what the bills says and how much I and many others will be screwed by you.
It is neither a fix or better.  You need to consider the human ramifications of this bill!
Do you ever read your replies? Hear voice mails? Has anyone supported this? You realize you're an elected representative? REPRESENTATIVE.
Great news! This definitely denies more people health insurance than you think it does! ENJOY UNEMPLOYMENT, LINDSEY.
Shame on you for what you are doing.  shame, shame, shame...Medicaid for children will be lost. You....Horrible as Trump.  2018/2020  U/gone
NO
Being paid off in contributions or being blackmailed for a personal secret or haven't read this bill or incompetent or killing your career?
You think we'll buy this because you put out soundbites, like a bad car dealer commercial.  We know better.  THIS IS HORRIFIC! SHAMEFUL!
Come on Lindsey. You know your bill is awful. Just admit you want to end Obamacare because it has the name Obama attached. We're not stupid.
Fake news! Sad!
Are you prepared to have you and your family covered under your proposed plan??? If not don't offer it to us!! #phuckGrahamCassidy
Get your traitorous buddy McLame on board this time or you are ALL done.  Don't bother running again!
Shame on you! This revolting bill throws 20-30 million people off insurance, raises rates for the rest of us. Return to regular order
“better than” does not mean good, a la, being bitten by an asp is “better than” being bitten by a cobra #desperation
We know it doesn't leave 90% of ACA as is. It's decimated by you. If you bill passes  Citizens are in trouble for insurance coverage.
You apparently do not care about the people of the US. It's time for you to resign or be defeated next election. Hlth Care Bill is trouble.
This is who you will be hurting. Shameful!!!


LIAR
This is a terrible bill.  Help the people of your state instead of lining your pockets.  Shame...
Its state rationed healthcare you two face lying back stabbing traitor!!!
Dream on.
Shame on you. Shame.
Pox on all their houses. I'm guilty for writing that because I have  conscience  these people have no empathy and a perfect POTUS to match!!
Worst Plan Yet. Hold hearings, do the right thing. Speak to Health Ins Actuaries. Speak to the Medical Community.  You need to get informed.
Why the rush!  Why not follow regular order?  Because the bill is a Piece of sh*t and wouldn't survive the light of day. You are a hypocrite
No lying to America
If the insurance cos are against it, you know it has to be bad. You are harming the people of SC who need your compassionate support.
We don't need insurance reform, we need HEALTHCARE reform! Maybe that's why AMA, AARP, AHA, ACS and so many others oppose!
Sadly no $ in it for them. That's why!
Your bill is a vicious, cynical fraud. The Great American Swindle. We are watching you.
Why not let entire Congress read & discuss, & wait for a CBO score? Because sole purpose is stripping affordable care from 10's of millions.
big gov vs small gov is BS, if you get screwed by the state or fed gov, does it matter? you're still getting screwed.
This is just not true. Please stop misleading.
A really bad bill. Passing the ball to states and letting them decide on preexisting. Really bad. Medicare for all!
If you fund the ACA it will be great. You are withholding the prescribed funding for the ACA which is sabotage.
Treason runs in the party!!
#KilltheBill# Your 'bill' is just a tax break for your big $$$ donors! Shame on you!
Fooling no one with  3 digit IQ!
Then why are doctors, nurses, insurance companies, ACS, AHA, AARP, ALA, etc against it?
How many people will be harmed with this bill? That is the real question.
Only millions!
If you pass this bill , you will leave millions W/O covered!! I hope you loose your seat next year!!  Unbelievable all you care is a WIN
Liar! Why wait til CBO cannot research? Because $$$ has YOU and most @GOP IN THEIR POCKETS!
Why are you pushing so hard for something so bad for americans?
Lets all just say no to socialism.. Vote yes to repeal
Every R I’ve heard support this bill says the same thing - Obamacare is failing blah blah blah. No one ever says why this bill is good Why
Terrible and dangerous! I'm so disappointed in you
Sorry  disappointed just not strong enough. Criminal would be closer!
STOP LYING! BE BETTER! This is a fraud for the GOP Legislative to say they did SOMETHING this year. As much a fraud as ur Comrade Trump
Details. Let’s see if the CBO agrees.  I am skeptical that details are not being provided.
Sorry, Lindsey, but this bill is beneath you.
Sadly, it probably isn't beneath him
Oh how I agree with u Never really liked Lindsey but at least he was a man of conviction Now u can buy him 4 25 silver coins @martinmincali
The Jimmy Kimmel rule is flawed. I CA women and baby are covered by prenatal care "regardless of immigration status". Parent then applies to
cover baby after birth. Do u think if the baby has health issues that they wouldn't be covered & for as long as needed? Seen it work in VA!
Afraid your crooked donors won't buy your next election for you?  Repeal and replace your integrity. #GrahamCassidy is corrupt politics.
I think letting the states do healthcare is genius. Governors can learn from each other too.Let's try something new!
L 4 months ago u said that voting on a HC bill without knowing what in it is WRONG U must B smoking CRACK now #fool @martinmincali
You must assure we will have preexisting conditions in ins policy. Also going across States. We are in a Few State & won't get good ins
Shame on you! You tweeted , blasting the very charge of ramming something through 3 months ago. Today you LEAD the charge. #HypocriteTrumper
Hard to know because you're not going through regular order, not getting CBO scoring. This smells to high hell.
I am a longtime supporter of yours but you are FLAT WRONG about this.  You will crush services for millions of #disabled americans. Stop now
Better for your wealthy donors
#GrahamCassidy is bad for SC residents, bad for hospitals, bad for SC state government & bad for your re-election chances.
What happened 2 democracy?#Gop is acting like Dictatorship by passing G-Cbill. GOP only cares 4 a political win not Americans welfare.
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump We the people who pay your salaries & pensions r way past angry at all n gov EXCEPT TRUMP!
This bill does not begin to address real healthcare issues, it passes the buck to states and says you fix it, I can’t! States aren’t ready!
LIES! Its ONLY benefit is to help the rich,greedy Koch brothers & all of their pocket repubslugs get a huge tax credit while the rest suffer
Better than a fix is only being said by you. No one else agrees. Stop this madness. A good bill does not need to be forced
You were one of the only ones I had some respect for and now you blew it.  What is wrong with you?  What is wrong with the GOP?
G-C will be a catastrophe and it will be on you, Trump and entire GOP. Can't believe this used to be my party.
You LIE big time!  I have lost all respect for you Lindsey!
Doesnt this face the same issue u complain about with Obamacare? simply aint enough people not covered by an employer to make it work?
Vote NO until we see CBO analysis @SenJohnMcCain -protect Americans - bipartisanship legacy!
Do you really want to be remembered for sponsoring a bill that will take insurance from millions? For being ok with deaths on your head?
Sad about the opt out for pre existing conditions.

I used to think you were a man of the people, but now you prove to be only for rich doners. This Health Care bill is a disaster!!
You should be ashamed of yourself over this bill. And, the way you hang your head lately, I think you do. Put Americans ahead of your donors
Did you see this last night? Great job you're doing. Our citizens will suffer horrifically.
Chi score?
This bill will cause Genocide to the poor and infirmed citizens Shame to those who vote yes
Have fun in hell, which is where you’re headed for ripping healthcare away from MILLIONS of children.
Senator, quit lying like Trump. Fix ACA and don't deprive Am. of coverage and don't treat the needy and poor like Southern plantation blacks
Sorry, the American people will NOT allow you charlatans lie and hurt us! Enough
This says nothing about states making lifetime caps or vastly increasing costs for preex conditions.
That will bankrupt and/or kill people.
Sir- this isn't about Healthcare it's about CUTTING TAXES ON THE RICH- so please stop lying- ur starting to sound like @realDonaldTrump
How are rust belt or southern states going to be able to compete with NY and CA after 2026 if they have to raise taxes on the non rich
This bill will make insurance unaffordable to millions of Americans. Without insurance, people will die. #shame
No one wants this
Bologna senator! Shame on you.
hypocrisy

I am so upset with you right now. People will die if your bill passes.
YOU LIE
Wow. This is a sham. Not a healthcare bill. Just a path to tax cuts for your rich friends. Hell is waiting.
Your re-election chances just hit the skid mark stage
Except where it's a scam to give tax cuts to the desperately needy 1%
What a crock.
I'm disappointed and disgusted in your slash at healthcare with #GrahamCassidyBill . I pray it fails and #cleansweep2018 unseats you all.
You are lying through your teeth to get a win. In May 2016 you criticized Republicans for a secret process. Now you are doing the same
You are a hypocrite.
Lies, lies, lies.  #KillTheBill
Show us the details of the bill.
http://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/351549-blue-cross-warns-gop-repeal-bill-undermines-pre-existing-condition-rules … #Republican Liars #PrivateJetPresidency

If this is so GREAT as you state then do it the proper way. You shouldn't have an issue with 60 votes is so great as you say
It amazes me that the majority of americans with be adversely effected by your bill and you think it's a good thing  U live in glass castle
So pre-existing conditions will all be covered with no increase in rates  ROFL  TOTAL LIE.  #Republicans want a tax cut for the rich..
http://www.pbs.org/kenburns/the-vietnam-war/watch/ … LIKE VIETNAM, YOU, CASSIDY, GOP COLLEAGUES & OF COURSE TRUMP & HIS SURROGATES ARE ALL LIARS!!!!
This bill is heartless and reckless. I have lost all respect for you, and I'm not alone.
The folks over at @AARP think this is a shitburger. Spoiler alert: it is. #GrahamCassidy
Wrong.  Bad bill.
Premiums skyrocket!!!
WWJD certainly not this
Weep
I mistakenly thought you were the rare republican with integrity. Sorry about the mix up.
Drop this bill and pass Medicare for All.

You speak with forked tongue. Empty promises.
YOU EITHER DON'T KNOW WHAT IS IN YOUR OWN BILL OR YOU'RE LYING. WHICH IS IT?
Not one Tweet I have read says yes. Why are you not listening to constituents?

Graham-Cassidy allows insurers to NOT cover:
-Pregnancy
-Newborn care
-Mental health services…
Pre-existing conditions; autism
WHERE do you read this garbage? WHERE do you read this garbage? WHERE do you read this garbage? SHAME on you @LindseyGrahamSC
The GOP has strange values and even stranger mathmatics, good is bad, less is more worse is better what does this remind me of?
Given that most states will allow people with pre-existing conditions to be charged more for insurance, many will not be able to afford it!
Will you do their surgery gratis? Does this pass the Kimmel test? Really is this the sort of country we want? People will die!
doesn't sound better to me.
For Republicans - not Americans who r n need. Remember #ACA was @GOP plan first. Individual mandate = individual responsibility. #kochsucker
I am really disappointed with you.
I am still waiting to know when you are willing to speak to my disabled step Daughter
It is a shame to see what is happening to you. You know regular order gives a lasting solution
You're a liar just like Trump. Wanting to kill millions of the poor so you don't lose Koch Brothers money.
Liar. Your tears over Senator McCain are for yourself only and not for poor, elderly or disabled Americans. You are no Senator McCain sir.
When I'm homeless because of healthcare cost I'm coming to live in your office lobby and sleeping on your couch. 24/7 in your face.
We built a castle, and it sank into the swamp..so we built another castle, and itt sank into the swamp..so we built a third castle and it...
Don't do this!
Proposing a healthcare bill to fulfill a campaign promise that will have devastating consequences on the American people is disgraceful.
