Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded..
How's that gonna work? Intelligence can't penetrate your brain @realDonaldTrump. Dah
NO, Lindsey Graham, you and the other republiCRATS have had over 7 years to get health care right.  YOU didn't expect Trump to be elected,ha
Why haven't we already setup and American Security Unit?
but.....   ?
Not hard enough
The dumbest idea he's ever heard: "Hey Lindsey, you should run for senate!"
No, Senator. It is THE dumbest idea anyone has ever heard.
Not the dumbest? Just what do you consider the dumbest? This is ludicrous.  Trump is supposed to be protecting our national security.
Graham is a moron! He and McCain take money from Soros. Graham IS the swamp
Lindsey Graham is part of that swamp that needs to be drained. He doesn't represent SC well, at all.
Gosh, @LindseyGrahamSC, if only you and your colleagues had any power to do anything about this! 
Question, why don't these republicans who say this on TV or in interviews. Say it to President Trump?
Makes you wonder what the dumbest idea he's heard is though...
The dumbest thing I ever heard was this Mister 1% thinking he was going to win the presidency
I showed that tweet of Trump's to my uncle & he legit thought it was a parody account until I told him otherwise. Smile disappeared p quick
#RussianCollaborator
Trump called for Russia to hack us during the campaign. Now he has invited them PERSONALLY to hack us. Unbelievable!
It's the dumbest I've ever heard. But the senator may be exposed to far more dumb ideas than I.
no, it's the dumbest thing
Which makes no sense, since Graham says "He's all in" with Potus and probably the 'greatest NS team of all US history'. So he's just wrong.
God forbid we team up and put a beast of a team together that protect the west from Iranian, North Korean (Lazarus) and other hacker groups.
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Dumb idea was re-electing Lindsey Graham
fox. henhouse. conman.
He also did some serious capitulating and backpedaling on other Trumpisms so be careful quoting him.
Senator Graham, there are many ways to "skin" a cat. Donald Trump can hit a target that no one else can see.
Graham is an arrogant anti-Trumper. He, McCain & Rubio want to go to war with Russia. Now that's the dumbest idea I've heard in a long time.
Like the fix in the hen house.
Lindsey is kind of creepy
Um, then what IS the dumbest idea you've ever heard? I'll bet it was also something related to 45.  Or maybe New Coke.
Oh, just put the fox in charge of the hen house!!
Similar to Mr Graham telling me my children will be fighting his war in Syria
It's got to be in the top 1 of dumbest ideas
@PeteSouza He loves to say that stuff when the cameras are rolling, but he'll cave.
While you're at it, ask Vlad the Impaler about his secret to managing the journalists in his country. Should be a hoot. #PantLoad45
I met with a few bank robbers who agreed to work with me to protect my life savings. I turned around & they stole every penny. I was a fool!
Name one thing dumber @LindseyGrahamSC
Chopping your own head off might beat it for stupidity but not a lot else would.
LG always talks big game BUT end of day will still support TRUMP
Once upon a time US and USSR made agreements regarding nuclear missiles.
I would love to just sit down and have a few drinks with you, Mr. Graham. 
And Happy Birthday !#ReverseMortgage
Isn't that kinda let what Jared was trying to do with the "direct link to the Kremlin" thing?
Why don't we just give KGB system access to Pentagon, FBI, CIA, DoD? Did I leave anything out? Stupidest president ever. Maybe a traitor.
So again, the question is what the Congress is going to do to prevent him from handing all our secrets to the people who hacked us?
That was hilarious!!! LG from SC had me in stitches 
Cyber sec with Russia = fox guarding the henhouse
I can only think of one thing dumber-- donald trump as president of USA
This gets a big "so what?" from me. Graham has proven to be all sizzle, no steak. Shut up and *do* something, for cryin' out loud.
And being a prominent Republican, Graham has heard a SHIT TON of dumb ideas!
Today I will hand over my car keys to known car thieves. Why not? I need a new car anyway. #eatborscht
HEY LADY LINDSEY..YOUR COMPLICIT ATTITUDE TOWARD TREASON IS DISGUSTING.  QUIT PATTING YOURSELF ON THE BACK WITH RT'S & WORK TO STOP CALIGULA
He already got a way in ?
Lets not work with Russia

-Syria
-ISIS
-NKorea

being we can't improve US cybersecurity. Surely no other nation will ever try hacking us :)
If this isn't, than WHAT what is actually the dumbest idea he's ever heard?!?? @LindseyGrahamSC
I would like to hear what the dumbest idea @LindseyGrahamSC has ever heard is. Must be a doozy to beat this one.
Legislate this away.
@619drumer
Why is Trump rolling over for Putin?-What is up?-Has Trump handled ANYONE that has crossed him in the past like this? Espionage is ok?
No, it's not the dumbest idea, that would be teaming up with the dumb idea maker-in-chief to take away the healthcare of millions of people.
Oh my hell  it's just sad at this point
Poor NBC. Entire viewership consists of the lowest IQ voters in the nation...if they even vote at all. It's good to watch you fall.
DO SOMETHING @LindseyGrahamSC
Graham also said that trump won election fair and square
And, trumps working with a coalition of allies to defeat Isis.
The G19? 
Trump's illiterate Tweet seems to imply he's PRO "all these many other negative things". Such a moronic POTUS. Terrible role model.
Nah, it's definitely the dumbest.
@Heens4 hey man our friend @BraddJaffy is up to it again.
This couldn't be farther from the truth or Drumpf is much, much dumber than everyone thought
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Talk about a fox in the Chicken House.  This is it
So what Graham gonna do? I'll bet nothing like he did after other statements he's made - all talk - he's in step w/GOP!
What's dumber? Handing over nukes to the North Koreans???
How about getting rid of TSA and let the Saudis handle airport security? And pardon Madoff and make him Treasury Secretary? OMG 
Graham, just like McCain, Rubio and others have lost all credibility due to be all talk and putting party over country. Next.
Also said, "You won fair and square Mr President"
@JeffSchultzAJC Ian Fleming's estate should sue for copyright infringement.
Fox guarding the hen house?
If this isn't the dumbest idea then what?
The dumbest idea was choosing Trump for the GOP ticket. It's all downhill from there and it a deep pit.
This is like the time Superman teamed up with Lex Luther. Except instead of Superman, it's Solomon Grundy
I believe it's called TREASON
Yesidiz.
Hello Congress...here you go, in his own words!  What the hell are you traitors waiting for! #ImpeachTrump Now.
Most people think DT is dumb... but he's good at being a conman..
Unfortunately that is the only thing he is good at.  He is becoming a pro at making a mockery of our democracy.
NOOOOO, that unit will be formed to track American opposition to Trump's presidency & re-election, bolster a regime for his family
Wtf was the dumbest idea you ever heard??
Oh, wait. I know. "Let's make Donald Trump the nominee for the Republican party FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES."
Keep your friends close, your enemies closer, yet you want war with Russia because you hate Trump. Nice.
Graham= RHINO
Yeah, but how else will Trump get elected again. Must have help from pal Putin.
@LesBowen yeah, I really miss the Cold War. Why try to work together? Like Kennedy & joint space exploration with Russia. Folly
the Right Wing are now joined by Spurnned Left Wing Democrats to become Military Hawks & Cold Warriors... How sweet!
Maybe we can set up a Human Rights Commission with North Korea while we're at it.
So instead of making a physical wall he's making a cyber wall why is this even an idea it's so stupid
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC what's a dumber idea? Hard to imagine.
It is easy to go on TV and pay lip service to natsec. GOP controls all branches of gvmt, but has done ZERO to respond to Russian aggression
I agree with this: But will the #GOP and @SenLynd
Do anything?
What ideas does the neocon and Bradd have? WAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No thanks bye bye!!
Amazing. @LindseyGrahamSC and I agree on something. Now, Mr. Graham, are you going to do something about it or just more @GOP jaw-jacking?
What is Lindsey the patriot gonna do about it?
He is not even trying.
And Lizzy hangs with John McCain, so he's heard some dumb ideas.
Let's see..were in bed together so we will just tell the world...we are in bed together.
DT: 'Lindsey Graham supports it!'
"Many other negative things".  That's classic Trump.  Generalize-dramatize-optimize.
It's like when the CIA gave the Russians the names of the hackers they wanted to extradite, and the Russians gave them all jobs instead.
This guy loves comic book villain speak.  "Impenetrable"? Really? 
Cult45 is like "yeah impenetrable, yeah maga"
Do something about it @LindseyGrahamSC   He is selling out America to the Russians. STOP enabling him. #Impeach him.
"Dumbest" is not the best way to describe treason. Trump is a Kompromat traitor.
If it isn't it should be. But Lindsey and his boyfriend McCain will just yammer and in the end do nothing as always. Must protect R pres.
@LindseyGrahamSC Then DO something about it. Jeezus.
This guy must be the biggest plonker on earth. America: save yourself
What is the dumbest idea he ever heard of if it's not one that cedes sovereignty of the US?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhBtfiRKaVY … (7 Chptrs)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BX6vcoIZdA4 … (Stephen Spoonamore- sec guru)
And will do anything about it @LindseyGrahamSC ? You or GOP? Or are you not worried about our security because we'll die w/out HC anyway?
We thought he's not the brightest bulb.  And, this confirms it.  First Dope!!!
Then I want to hear what @LindseyGrahamSC thinks is the dumbest idea he's ever heard. I can't imagine one dumber than this.

He's right. Dumbest idea ever is giving @gop control of House,Senate,Pres, and SC. Disasters emit from each when they are in control.
He says this just before he casts another Pro-Trump vote in the Senate.
I'd like to hear that dumber idea...must be a doozy to beat this one...
Sad thing is, Graham probably doesn't care, Trump is a GOP rubber stamp
Let me guess what the dumbest was - Donald Trump as potus?
Why doesn't Lindsey ever talk about these words from Putin?
Vladimir Putin calls for the preservation of Christianity and Western Civilization as a whole.  https://twitter.com/JPY_Kurdish/status/812759470669529088/video/1 …
Meaningless! Ugh 
.@SenatorBurr I've personally heard you speak about cybersecurity. What's your opinion and what are you going to do about it?
Trump’s tweet is really a cry for help: Please impeach me
So Lindsey, are you and all the other Repubs going to continue propping up this moron?
Lol
Even dumber - if our "checks & balances" in gov't let that happen. @SenCoryGardner
And yet he will choose Party over country and bend over for "Dear Leader"
"Ah hell let's pass the damn thing anyway, I am a Republican after all"
Not the dumbest, but switch the rating scale to EVIL and see how it stacks up
But it IS the dumbest. Unless YOU specifically are the one who benefits financially from this "partnership"
This from the senator who willingly signed the #IranLetter to the Ayatollahs against President Obama.
How much more expletive stupid can he get?
Blimey - what was the dumbest idea then, Lindsey?
Yeah. Sadly, @LindseyGrahamSC has already declared for team trump, so quips like this are meaningless.
Oh, is he troubled? Poor thing.
@LindseyGrahamSC    when are you people going to quit backing this guy ??????
Straight talk from a Republican who will turn himself inside out to support #BlurtingPOTUS if there is any hope at all he's talking sense...
He needs an excuse to get to see his boss more often. #playdate
Graham & Rubio have criticized Trump on his meeting with Putin, but will continue to put party over country. All talk & no action.
Yup.

Looking for crayons and color in the lines placemat
Maybe they could involve that master of all things cyber, that genius of online security, nay, GURU of all all such things Rudy Giuliani!
It's kind of like working with Bernie Madoff to prevent financial fraud, or OJ on ways to reduce domestic violence. Fox meet hen house.
...but I'll vote "yea" if it comes to the floor, nonetheless.
Afraid to ask: what's the dumbest idea that @LindseyGrahamSC ever heard??
Well then Mr. Graham, what do you all intend to do about it? @GOP
So much for that speech in Warsaw. Ugh...
...guarded from detection by the IC.
Lindsey Graham, "And I'll do nothing about it except drawl snarky comments."
I am afraid of what could be a dumber idea than this?
"Where is the next Trump nominee I can approve sight unseen?"
@LindseyGrahamSC needs to act on this assessment, not just sit on sidelines & opine.
Makes ya wonder what the dumbest idea @LindseyGrahamSC has heard..I really wanna know now, bet it was good!
I tell you as frustrated as he makes me at times... statements like this crack me up 
Dumbest
This will prevent hacking by giving the Russians the keys to the kingdom... direct access .... no hacking!  Problem solved!  #MAGA???
I'll maybe respect Lindsey a bit when he actually does something to stop this maniac.
He and Marco can get together to fret ostentatiously and then take no action.
No, it's dangerous.
But Graham still supports Trump 100%.
Please don't make me agree with Lindsay Graham. Please?
@LindseyGrahamSC I would agree w/you. Perhaps GOP peeps will also agree and take action. Going downhill fast! Act!
just being picky, but shouldn't it be "guarded against"? Either way, it displays a level of incomprehension seldom seen in a world leader
If @GrahamBlog/@LindseyGrahamSC does nothing to stop this, then he is as big a traitor to his county as #PutinsPuppet is.
@LindseyGrahamSC whatever. You’ll do nothing, as usual. Thanks for chiming in, I guess.
Was the solar wall that pays for itself the dumbest idea?
Lindsey still puffing for Trump.
Complicit.
I kind of think it's the worst!
Except for having Trump as President, of course!! That's the ABSOLUTE WORST!!
@realDonaldTrump Well damn Lindsey, what's the dumbest?
Bet all the others belonged to Trumpf 
Dumpy has sold his soul to the devil and the US is helpless unless we all fight this group!
He won’t act though. More meaningless words from GOP
He will do nothing, even though he can intro and fight for a bill to ban funds for any such effort. @LindseyGrahamSC
@LindseyGrahamSC is all talk. What would he do to prevent such an alliance? Zip.
Always.
@LindseyGrahamSC What idea could be dumber than this? 
"There's a sucker born every minute."
No more cute answers from GOP.
Same could be said for "voting for Donald Trump"
Haha I love that guy. He's the comic relief that if the GOP didn't have people would riot

#TodaysHaiku #BonusEdition #TrumpPutinMeeting 
Trying to prepare!
What's best for learning Russian?
Berlitz? Rosetta Stone?
