Statement on #GrahamCassidy health care solution: 
Very disappointing, Senator, that you would be so excited about hurting so many poor and disabled people.
Disappointing, but not unusual.
Both St. Francis and GHS oppose this plan. These are two of the largest hospital systems in your state Lindsey. Why aren’t you listening???
PUPPETS OF LYING LIBS IGNORE THESE IDIOTS THEY WNT SOCIALISM LIKE VENZUALA HAS..HOWS THAT WORKING FOR THEM ...STUPID DOPES..COMI'S
I work in St. Francis and family works for GHS. I have first hand knowledge. Conservatives like healthcare they just want it affordable
1: I'm upper middle class, have a disease w/ no cure your policy will hurt me, us We have too much to get help but not enough to pay
2: high premiums for preexisting or just plain pay b/c ins won't cover. The only way we can get help is to go broke. To turn over our homes
3: Cash in our retirement and kids college savings. What's the point of ins if it isn't to ensure I don't lose everything?? I am not alone
4: if it comes down to it I will die before I take my child's future away from her. I didn't work this hard to throw it all away #healthcare
I feel the same way. We will lose what we have. I never wanted to put him in debt with medical expenses! He's worked hard. We lose! :(
I refuse to lose my home or make my family suffer especially for a disease w/o cure
I'm in the same boat. One big Hospital bill will put us over the edge. Then what, they will want our house. Very stressful!
Screw the middle class to enrich the already bloated plutocrats!
what do you have against women, children, seniors and the sick?
We the People, do not appreciate you or Cassidy or Scott.  Will be sending lots of money to their opponents.  SHAMEFUL BILL!
To vote him out for supporting Koch Bros over the American people. 

#VoteOut @LindseyGrahamSC in 2020

and @SenatorTimScott in 2022
It's a huge mistake!
Senator, you have lost it. Where do you think those uninsured will end up? In the ER & taxpayers will pay for it!! This.is.common.sense
Party over people agenda precludes the use of common sense
Say no to state rationed healthcare!
SHAME ON YOU BOTH. #VoteThemOut #GrahamCassidy
And claim you are a good Christian. I see none of this in you.
Kicking your constituents to the curb. We will remember. Vote NO
@LindseyGrahamSC take PROFIT out of healthcare and BRING down COST of prescription medications not kill the people! THINK!
This will be the most shameful thing you've ever done. How do you sleep?????
Do you feel no shame?
Seriously, answer the question please
Pssst. He's a Republican. They are immune to human emotion.
Or a soul!!!
How much money will you be getting from the Koch Brothers if you can get this death sentence legislation passed???
I was just gettin to like you too.

What they are doing is unacceptable! Each one of these men have to live with the consequences of this bill. I really don't think they care!
Sure y not screw people u don't care
Still #Gaslighting us, eh? U & GOP Shitheads gonna face the serious CONSEQUENCES.
This will be yours and @SenatorTimScott 's last term! Shame on you both! You work for SC NOT the Koch brothers! Graham Cassidy bill is BAD!
Disappointed. Thought you were one of the good guys

Obamacare is failing because of GOP backdoor deals with @mtbert to trade ACA market collapse for anti-competitive mergers. https://twitter.com/SenateMajLdr/status/910569501921443840 …
Its a sham bill! Btw, quit talking over someone representing the People's concerns!! Crude! Jacka$$...
So have you apologized to the reporter you rudely talked over, yet??
You and 15% of Americans who need real health care. What are you fools thinking . Keeping a promise ? Please don't
You two are selling out the country, and in SC, the well needed money will find its way to Boeing or areas besides health care
Go @LindseyGrahamSC. Kick those poor deadbeats off their healthcare so you can give tax breaks to the rich. Such a good obedient boy.
And he also swallows, Phil.
I hope all of the senators, reps, and staff will have the same health care. You can probably afford it.
THE BEST THING YOU COULD DO IS TO BE MORE LOYAL TO THOSE WHO HIRED YOU..AMERICANS THAN PHYCOTIC.BRAIN DEAD MCCAIN WHO DOESNT HV COMMON SENSE
No support here! And I get to vote against both of you in the next election. Listen to your  constituents #weoppose #novoteforyou
biggest mistake of your career @LindseyGrahamSC   trying to steal HealthCare from the old, sick, disabled. All cause the KOCH bros OWN you.
Why r u putting party b 4 people? Do u really support Trump? Did u take campaign funds from a foreign entity? Shame on u! #Muellertrain
They are selling their souls for donor money....shame!!!
What a shame. Giving States option to opt out of pre-existing coverage. Live with the consequences for the mid-terms.

Let's NOT. This should be done in a bipartisan way in the light of day. NOT with 90 seconds of debate. Disappointed in you.
How can you live with yourself!?! #STOPGrahamCassidy #NeverRepeal #GrahamCassidySucks #Resist
McConnell said he would do anything to not pass Obama’s legislation, remember? Obama tried to help Americans, who are you trying to please?
It's disgusting how all you and @GOP care about is destroying what a better, more compassionate & patriotic black man did!! #Racist
You are both LIARS, Traitors and now murderers!! #NoGrahamCassidy
GOP 'logic:' If God wanted you to have health care, he wouldn't have made you sick in the first place.
This is wrong.
Shame on you. Shame.
He is what my grandma would call a "BLACK FOOL" and I tend to agree.
I didn't beat cancer 10 years ago, and still spend my income paying off the debt, so you could take away my coverage. No. Do better.

Well then Tim Scott will be out of office soon as well! America is watching and will vote you all our of office!
What is your motive for taking insurance away from millions of children and disabled Americans?
Will lose next election as his constituents will lose coverage but whatever you want to do
which one of you will lose Health care because of this sham. oh right. I pay for your health care
SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME
#GrahamCassidyDeathBill GOP would gladly kill millions of Americans to give that tax break to the rich. #GOPPartyOfDeath
As a Carolinian w/ pre-exist. conditions, I don't get why youre actively seeking harm on your constituents #1in100 #CHD #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
So shameful! Do you people have any regard for other people? Or just your wallets!?!
Hypocrites.

If you vote to reorder one-sixth of the US economy without a CBO score, never call yourself conservative again. You are a dangerous radical.
How can you sleep at night knowing that your actions will have direct negative consequences on people's lives?
You do realize you’re the villain...right?
Just repeal the whole damn thing like you said you were you sleazy politician.
You and Tim Scott are condemning SC citizens to death with Graham/Cassidy.  #KillTheBill
Give all Medicare Expansion money to one state?  Stop smoking marijuana, it's giving you stupid ideas!!
What a load of crap! Everyone jumping on the bandwagon to get on the Koch Bros' $ train. Screw the American people!
Pass Medicare For All instead.
Sorry, but I don't think the #GrahamCassidyBill is really a "solution" to anything... #GrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidyDeathBill plus "Casiddy"
Reap what you sow @LindseyGrahamSC .
oh look, Miss Lindsey did her hair. trying to get the Koch's to buy you new panties? bend over, shitwhore, smile like you mean it. YOU DO.
You and your 45 created the uncertainty. You and your 45 will be remembered as the dolts who led millions of people to failing health, death
If it's such a great bill, how come no real hearings and no full CBO score.  Cuz it sucks & you don't want that to come out before the vote
It's amazing to see how excited a bunch of #AngryImpotentMen get when they are destroying Women's Healthcare. #TakeOutTheTrumpTrash
This Bill has NOTHING to do with Healthcare. It has EVERYTHING to do with satisfying your Benefactors and getting a WIN. EVIL LIARS.
GOVERNMENT SANCTIONED GENOCIDE. You will be held accountable for your crimes against HUMANITY> Count on that Lindsey.
You are such a bully. Shameful.
Both you and Sen. Scott should stop the lies... You know damn well SC will opt out, and couldn't provide affordable coverage if they didn't!
Sorry Sen Graham and Cassidy this HC  Bill is garbage. The rest of the world has free healthcare but not the US. Lame. Crap Bill!
Tim Scott has no choice...
Karma. Karma. Liar liar 
SHAME ON YOU!!  SHAME ON YOU!!
Until 02.2017 I thought you put country first.  Breaks my heart to learn I was wrong.
U R missing the boat on this Bill. The pp will NOT accept it & U will b taken out bc of ur supporting of this pkg of lies & deceit. U ready?
Oh hell no the American People will rise up!
You didn't get the federal "handouts" UR whining about because UR state didn't  expand #Medicaid 
No #CassidyGraham trash
@SenateGOP
Time to get rid of Tim Scott in 2018 or whenever you comes up for reelection. He's a traitor to the American people, especially in his state
Tim Scott is a dumbass.
Of course. The man who didn't except the Medicaid waiver for our state to make a point. What a compassionate man.
One hurricane doesn't change that sir.
Stop it. None of your people can afford it
Plz Mr Scott dont let Lindsey take you down with the rest of the Gop
Pre-existing conditions are not State dependent, without unequivocal federal legal protection, coverage for them will be.
Follow the process like @SenJohnMcCain said! Don't put your friend in such a predicament! He's a real hero!
You have no decency. Your bill has no decency. You do not deserve the office given to you by the people. You are shameless.
Make it right by requiring preexisting cover with no waiver by state.
You are Pro rich for the tax bill and anti poor for healthcare.  This moderate GOPer is done with all you.   for your soul.
If #Obamacare is failing the American people, what do you call failing to provide pre-natal care 4 women?  #GrahamCasiddy Care? Not #prolife
Boo boo  boo! Not a good plan!!
The fact they you're pushing this goes to show there aren't many good Republicans left. Or maybe they're just using you to get McCain's vote
Let's go see how many Americans we can let die is more like it. Your all a bunch of lieing Hippocrates
If it's so good why not wait for CBO score? Why rush it with only republicans votes? If it passes now Dems will repeal/replace for 7 yrs.
Both of our senators taking away cate from the most vulnerable among us. What a sad day.
If only you had to live by the standards you set for the rest of us.
Your bill does not protect preexisting conditions.   You lie.
Your death panel bill will hurt millions including me. I don't agree with you on many things but I respected you as a good man. Not anymore
Please explain how this is good for my middle class family and is not a Koch cash grab for the GOP. Is every health org wrong w/ predictions
Shame on you. I'm from SC and am ashamed of your craven bill. Your bill will kill my fellow Carolinians. I never took you for evil.
DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT
You guys are committing political suicide by passing this bill. 2018 is coming!
When this point in history is over and you are judged, the horrible weight of Republican cruelty and dogmatism will be on your head.
Why the rush, ur afraid when looked at closely it will fall apart. How many we lose in 5 or 10 years.
THE BILL SUCKS!!!
Don't let your friendship ruin Senator McCain's legacy. He's worth hundreds of you.

Shame on you! Do you actually think the states will take care of Medicaid recipients?!
YOU ARE WRONG FOR SC. HOPE YOU BOTH LOOSE NEXT TIME.
I suspect you can "get the votes" if you work on a #bipartisan bill with the CBO saying it will actually improve #healthcare.
Sen Graham..why you all Repubs are bent on 'fixing" a system which is NOT BROKEN just because stupid senile 71 yr old wishes to? WRONG
Why are you trying so hard to push this through? Isn't there a war somewhere that you could be starting?
You are both on the wrong side of this issue and the people of SC will remember on election day!
The worst ever for my patients!
Ha no
Really, stripping people of there health care is not a good thing!
Horrific Plan for All Americans!
Ten bipartisan governors disagree with you. you, trump, gop and your mindless hateful followers will go down in infamy as worst of the worst
American Medical Assn. stated your bill violates " do no harm"
There is something very very wrong with you. Consider and earlt retirement. . You have a preexisting condition @LindseyGrahamSC
I am more disappointed than normal in my home state. Thanks, SC leaders!
Shame on all of you who support this cruel and senseless bill. People will die, go bankrupt and be forced to make excruciating choices.
No!! No!! Millions of times no!! Leave our healthcare alone. No on #GrahamCassidyBill
Shame on you both
Shame on you both
Too bad Sen. Scott missed the chance to distinguish himself from you as someone who cares about his constituents.
 shame on you, Lindsey . . . you broke my heart
Nope 
Yeah since the state of SC has always done such a great job dictating effective policy for their citizens...
Lindsay you are so disappointing. This bill takes healthcare away from people and you know it. Shame on you. You can do better
So is your buddy obstructionist mccain going to support you???
you are insane
Keep it up. I can't wait for 2018 when Dems take back House and Senate to save our healthcare system from you people!
You will hear from me and every undercovered sick person in this country for the rest of your life so you might want to pray it doesn't pass
You have no shame.
BOOOOO.  Shame on you! Stripping healthcare and fleecing the pockets of the wealthy.  Schmucks.
What are you thinking?! You're all flying around on private jets paid for by the deaths of people losing their insurance?! Terrible people!
How are you able to sleep at night? As parents of medically fragile children on Medicaid we cannot. Shame on you.
So sad that you are so scared of a bully. I thought you had a heart, apparently you don't even have a brain. He will take you down too.
Really @LindseyGrahamSC?? Interested in your consituents' opinions? #obviouslynot #NoRepeal #disgraceful
I was beginning to think you were a good person until I studied this bill. This is WRONG and will harm millions of Americans. SHAME ON YOU!!
Single Payer Universal Healthcare for all We will not accept anything else UNDERSTAND Lindsey
Hey Lindsey can we block grant money for your Senate health care to us here in Massachusetts? (Spoiler:don't get sick!)
Hey we'd like to block grant money to their care and send to CA! This bill is screwing CA and we already subsidize the red states.
What did you pay for his vote? OR does he just not give a shit about people dying at the hands of GOP?
How do you know you've been in the Senate too long? You clutch your pearls over someone speaking harshly of Cassidy as you blithely 1/2
This is garbage and you know it.
Doing the opposite of what most citizens want is dereliction of duty. Abuse of office.
You should be ashamed of yourself! Killing Americans!
The bill stinks. We need a bi partisan health care bill. I thought you were a better human being. Nope!
When the need to win beats all sense of decorum & cooperation we've all lost-Sit down and take long look at yourselves. @JohnKasich is right
Through ACA, we finally have affordable, comprehensive health insurance. Don't ruin one sixth of the American economy so you can save face.
Flashback. Wise but hypocritical words, Senator.
A bill -- finalized yesterday, has not been scored, amendments not allowed, and 3 hours final debate -- should be viewed with caution.



If you vote to reorder one-sixth of the US economy without a CBO score, never call yourself conservative again. You are a dangerous radical.

All of you should be ashamed.


States don't always do what is right for their citizens, and knowing that, healthcare is WAY too important to be left to chance!

Tim is a sell out just like you.
Wow I always knew U & @GOP didn't care thx for proving my point!
Very sad that politicans don't care bout Americans. Guess greasing your pockets is worth it.

