Then repeal the damn thing like you have promised to do or step aside as majority leader.
It was a Republican idea from the start. You opposed it because Obama pushed for it.
Sorry conservatives, but #Obamacare is still working.
Here's the facts about the Graham-Cassidy #Trumpcare bill...
SHUT DOWN EXPRESSSCRIPTS & all PBAs! They are useless, inefficient subcontractors who deliberately degrade healthcare quality!!!
ExpressScripts FORCES low quality, toxic substitutions & dangerous new FDA approved INFERIOR generics on patients!!
Why is ES actively destructive rather than just non-optimal for managing prescriptions?
Look at the FDA warning letters sent to generic manufacturers, look at the carcinogens used as generic fillers, look at patient feedback...
Genereic are NOTequal. The are much less effective & side effects are significant & often cause additional long term illness  like diabetes
Then why do a large majority of Americans want to retain it? You only care about your rich donors, not elderly or others in need.
Drain the swamp
No because Obama's name is on it
So FIX IT.
Does Ms. Chao know the visting schedule at Lompoc Fed.

Almost time to google that

Offering individual deals to individual states to woo individual senators is WRONG. Flawed policy begets flawed tactics. Do better, Senate.
Just rename it "Trump Has Big Hands" and your fuhrer will be OK with it. Then you can move on to governing.
.@SenAlexander and @PattyMurray are working collaboratively to address #Obamacare issues.


And #Trumpcare is even worse ... cruel, heartless, driven by greed.
Yet you over payed(by us) nitwits let it be passed?
Weak impotent white men &  Women. Hateful of American people.#no excuses. #forfeit your pensions & benefits.

Liar. You & @GOP have done everything in your power to sabotage the ACA. It isn't failing. You're killing it.
When you come up with a plan that makes better since and doesn't cost Americans more than ACA, you'll have my attention.
Still waiting for you to have one original idea. I’m not holding my breath.
Abamacare is helping millions of people who can't afford insurance
No, that's not right, Mitch.
Like a young child trying to stand alone, ACA was getting its feet when mean old man next door knocked him down
All lies. ACA is failing because @GOP has pulled funding, budget, and stopped letting it run as it should. Shameful.
More Americans are insured under Obamacare ACA then at any other time in history. The GrahamCassidy Bill will take insurance away frm 30Mill
And how many of those insured are not citizens?
It’s failing bc your making sure it does stop your lying already
#Obamacare is failing because Congress refuses to fix the legislation. Trump himself is trying to sabotage the ACA. You go it wrong.

And Graham's bill is even worse! Stop clutching your pearls over Obamacare. We know your act. Pass 1-payer!
I think what you dislike about Obamacare is the 4% tax on investment income of your wealthier constituents. https://www.irs.gov/individuals/net-investment-income-tax …
You know what was a bad idea from the start? Campaigning for 7 years on repealing Obamacare without a plan for something better.
Oh, also, the @GOP sabotaging Obamacare wasn't such a great idea either.
What have you done to make it better?     Nothing

The GOP needs to be up front about how much they gutted from it....but I know you can't work with the Dems.
Because you had a goal, which you boasted, to make a president’s life miserable. Keep up the good work.
You, sir, are a Liar.
@GOP How do you sleep at night? HC originated on the republicans desks was tweaked a bit & implemented by @BarackObama It works Stop lying
You ppl suck
The love of money is more important than your personal health and wellbeing. Call your senators to vote, NO on GOP DealthCare
the ONLY THING failing is the GOP pipeline to the Mercer/Koch checkbook if you fail to deliver repeal #shame
the ACA is only failing in those few states that refused to participate in the ACA.  Stop lying to Americans
And still you can't repeal and replace!
Tweeting is not leading.  In this case, stepping down to allow for a charismatic conservative to take #Senate reins would be leadership.
It's failing because you and the rest of the GOP have under cut and prevented it from being more successful.
Funny you guys are so desperate to implement something you're lying right to the faces of millions of Americans. Sad sad sad.
Liar!
You realize it's the people you hurt and are going to hurt most of all
No! It's failing because of your undermining and sabotage! Fact!
You are not a leader,McConnell! Get over it! Just a bunch of nasty little men trying to destroy my country.
Liars and criminals, every last one.
Every thinking man woman & child, medical association, professional, hospital, state Medicaid director etc r against G-C
Do you honestly think ur 4th attempt of healthcare destruction vs. real solutions to fix ACA will keep u in office?
Nice try Mr Speaker. Your day in the sun was years ago. Time to shuffle off to irrelevance.
'YOU LIE'
No, this is a horrible replacement plan. You do not care about America.
@LindseyGrahamSC smells the money the #Koch brothers & other @GOP donors are withholding. This isn't about human care, it's about greed.
Quit. Lying. @GOP sabotaging ACA. What reps thought was a bad idea ended up saving millions of their constituents. How is that bad? #cruel
THE ACA (a gop model of health care) is suffering REPUBLICAN SABOTAGE and more AMERICANS DIE FROM IT, THAN BY FOREIGN TERRORISM
That’s a lie. Truth is you’re repealing to get Koch network money. $400 MM. You’re corrupt to the core.
You sound like a broken record. What have you accomplished in the last year? Nothing. Please quit immediately
Liars.  You just don't want any democrat to succeed, especially a black smart democrat.
Oh and this:  You don't care about what is right, you care about power.
ACA is not failing. U are failing, Paul Ryan is failing, Trump is failing. Graham is failing. You have been given an ultimatum by ur donors.
So now you're on board to do something with ObamaCare? What happened? Did someone show you your poll numbers? 
#CleanRepeal
ACA began as a concept piece from Heritage Foundation.  Free market forces under govt guidelines.  I wonder why it's bad idea now?



You're a liar.
Yet not one Medicaid official or the AMA approves of #GrahamCassidy. Answer to that!
Stop trying to replace out of testosterone values and work at making ACA better.
So why are you trying to bribe @lisamurkowski by promising Alaska ca KEEP ObamaCare?
Why do all 50 state medicaid directors oppose?
YOU LIE!
Bullshit! It would have been great if YOU just fixed ACA. It wasn't a bad idea, sellout. Americans want HC like single payer. #Kochsucker
You're a liar. That's why neither you nor trump can explain what's in the crap GrahamCassidy bill. #trumpcareKILLS
ACA is working. You only hate it because the beloved Black Potus improved health coverage in this country! His legacy is great!
this is actually a lie
Bullshit. Enough of this farce.
Obamacare needs fixes.

Old farts McConnell and Lindsey "Blanche DuBois" Graham proposes to make things worse.
You are all monsters. We will work tirelessly to defeat you. I hope you feel ashamed every time you look in the mirror.
Except you are lying about this hogwash. Stand firm for the well-being of Americans @lisamurkowski
Premera: Health insurance rates for individual market will drop even lower than previously expected https://www.adn.com/alaska-news/health/2017/09/19/premera-health-insurance-rates-for-individual-market-will-drop-even-lower-than-previously-expected/ … 
I guess if u repeat BS enough times the low informed will believe it #Cult45
You got something better, pal? Let's hear it.
And this one doesn't sound like it's any better! Get government out of our healthcare & our lives! Period
Bullshit. Bullshit. Bullshit.
ACAfailing because Trump isn't holding up govt's end of deal &all the providers are backing out due to nonpayment-Trump doesn't pay bills .

The ACA was modeled off successful @GOP public/private initiatives in MN & MA, based on Heritage Foundation ideas. Stop lying  #idiocracy
I hold you partly accountable for this mess, @MittRomney. You lied about your own MA HC legislation for political gain in 2012. #dishonest
So you want to outdo it with something much worse?
Right.
Not the obfuscation, not the de-funding, but Obama care itself.
You have but half the story.
I'm sure you dont have parents w needs
Obama care is not failing this bill that no medical association or insurance company support is a death squad
American ppl are stupid as to believe you? You take millions from #Kochbros. This leg. makes so many lose their access to health care. #LIAR
You expect us to believe MoC exempted themselves from each horrid GOP repeal/replace just to keep the "bad ACA idea" 4 yourself? Come on now
If #Obamacare is so bad, why are you bargaining with @lisamurkowski for Alaska to keep it to get her yes vote?
Just stop. No one believes you. The time of letting ELECTED officials run roughshod is over. Do the right thing ONCE in your career, please.
Pledge that ALL of Congress will go on #GrahamCassidy 
Then we'll talk otherwise go get your tax breaks somewhere else!!!! 
YOU R AN EVIL GROUP OF SCHMUCKS WHO DON'T GIVE A FLYING FIG 4 THE MAJORITY OF CITIZENS. WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO YOUR SOULS. I WISH YOU ILL WILL
YOU killed it on purpose.  #traitor
stop lying.
It's failing in states that DID NOT take Medicare expansion! #GrahamCasiddy takes from those states & gives to states that blew it

LIKE SC
Don't lie. Too much is at stake. You have enough money, just do the right thing.
Nope, not getting your old corrupt a**es out of office is our failure. Buckle-up buttercups- we are WIDE awake now.
If only we had control of the Senate, House, and WH...we could actually do something to stop this nonsense. Oh well...
How much money will you be getting from the Koch Brothers if you can get this death sentence legislation passed???
do you ever feel like you have reached your quota of lying? I think u did like 8 years ago, btw ur wife still working 4 Trump? No conflict?
Two liars lying.
No failing is taking Russian money in an effort to alter an election....by failing I mean treason... resign
It wasn't failing where it wasn't undermined. If it was 'failing' why are you willing to allow AK and HI to keep THEIR tax credits?
Obama gave America a gift. You are still obstructing him. Just fix ACA and get rid of this shitty healthcare plan.
You're a liar. ObamaCare is failing because you are deliberately sabotaging it to fail. Not paying bills is making insurers flee.
You all have been creating uncertainty & sabotaging ACA! Fix it by stabilizing markets by promoting competition.

You are a bunch of liars that need to b voted out and will btw! Shamelessly lying to America has become a nice skill!
Will he come out of the closet if it passes?
Graham or McConnell?
This is a lie...the GOP intentionally has lied about ACA...you are a fool about to lose his senate seat...YOU chose greed over people

G Can is a Texas Tea Party Fox watching closed minded Texan! They don't even know FOX is a TALK SHOW & not NEWS? Haha Ignore Texans!
G Can my friends in Texas agree w you but other States people thrive! Where @tedcruz  isn't, Obamacare thrives! I'm so glad I left Texas!
G Can I'm from Texas and that's a lie! States, like Texas, refused to participate so NO providers? States participated ALL is fine.
@LindseyGrahamSC WOW! Sen Graham ignores citizens like ACA to get OBAMA REVENGE & TAKE INSURANCE FROM MILLIONS & LYING TO DO IT!
IT'S NOT FAILING! WAS DESIGNED FOR ALL STATES TO PARTICIPATE LIKE BUSH DRUG PROGRAM! STATES LIKE TEXAS, REFUSED FROM DAY 1 TO RAISE PREMIUMS
Shame on you. You are a "leader" only in title. you are a leader interested only in partisan power plays. And you lie to get your way.
BULLSHIT
Bullshit. We're not stupid
Retain & revamp it then. Don't shove this horror thru just to save political face Mr 11% approval.
Gotta pass that bill or the Koch money fountain dries up. Millions lose coverage but the money flows.
RU bribing Murkowski by letting her keep the failing #Obamacare? Don't U have #Obamacare? U should have the freedom of lifetime caps 2.
You and the gop are the only failure......2018 is coming
Not failing. Insurance greed unchecked by you morons not doing your job? Show us the Koch money you traitors.
Except that it's not failing.
#GOP  #GREED_OVER_PEOPLE  #GriftersOfPutin  #KOCHSUCKERS!
You and the GOP are absolutely delusional. But you're  old so you don't have long here anyway.
Yeah you would say anything before you too end up prison, #MuellerIsComing stay tuned
Fool
Liar liar pants on fire. How can you be so giddy that you are destroying millions of lives "because we have a deadline?" GOP sabotaged ACA
Wrong, wrong, wrong! You're just a #KochBrothers crony.  I dare you to search #IWasHealthy and read stories about real people #ACA helped
You guys suck
No one agrees with you except the Koch suckers.
Fact that an an intelligent, compassionate black man became president who will most likely go down in history as the most popular
Liar. YOUR whole goal in life has been to undo everything Obama did. You are an insecure, out-of-touch politician who can't stand the
I gotta figure out how to thread.
You guys aren't fooling anyone anymore except the willfully ignorant.  Seriously.

He wasn't wrong
I believe you're lying, because my premiums are fair and my plan works beautifully. Do the work to make everyone's ACA work like mine.
Says the SenateMajLiar
McConnell, then why have you been dragging your feet to get rid of obummercare?

BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
Graham/Cassidy strips 1 trillion $ from ObamaCare and guts certain provisions to do so. GOP leaves a smaller ObamaCare and runs with the $.
gobble gobble turkey neck #carpetbagging thief



The only failure is you, clown McConnell
I call Bullshit.
