Wow Lindsey whats with all the brown nosing lately smdh

Just days before Harvey…Trump rolled back Obama's standards requiring gov to account for climate change, sea-level rise for infrastructure https://twitter.com/robertkennedyjr/status/899387943516766208 …
DA! That's their job like everyone before them!
I'm sure you won't be asking Congress for federal money for relief. Remember, that thing you voted AGAINST Texas getting. #hypocrisy #irma
Trump was not so interested with Houston. He has personal business intereses in Florida.
Isn't Trump soooo wonderful...I may get sick..wonder how much money he puts a claim in for his place
He paid for insurance. Other people should have too. Florida doesn't even have state income tax. Why should my fed dollars. Subsidize this?

Do you really feel the need to praise him when he finally does something normal? It's truly sad that we feel the need to do this like he's 2
Exactly.... how could Trump fuck this up? Im sure he's trying to find a way.. but hurricane response mayeven be Trump proof
Get out of Trumps way you're impeding progress
Seriously?
Still seeking pats on the head from 45? As long as you keep stroking him, he'll keep you on his good side.
U do realize it is the federal agencies assisting Not insane tRump.
.didnt u vote agains fed aid?
And I appreciate the rule of law....#ImpeachTrumpNow
If that's the case please ensure that FEMA & climate change agencies are adequately funded
Trump does what any other president in history has done after a hurricane and you go out of your way to praise him. What happened to you?
Really?  What pres wouldn't. U r too wishy washy.
Please help St John USVI.
Isn't that what a president suppose to do? Seriously your giving him credit?
Well considering how Bush handled it this has been a great thing
Do you praise Trump for getting out of bed too
I'm sure you do. #traitor. I'm your constituent...you lie to and ignore us.
Remember US Territories & western States who desperately need help. Time to build bridges-not walls. @POTUS @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @CNN @MSNBC
What about Oregan oh that right they are a blue state
It's was great PR for the coast guard too! Don't forget!
Guess you're in his corner now :(
Please do not let him nuke us & Russia destroy us!  You must know better.  No healthcare reform is worth the risk.  He will destroy the GOP.
IN LOVE!
You are such a decent guy, Lindsey.  You try to give this ass of a POTUS benefit of doubt, etc.  If you ever find yourself single, tweet me


Boy, you're pouring it on pretty thick.
How many times today are you going to publicly blow him???
He's do the least he can because he has no empathy for ANYONE. Glad it is working out for you.
You saying that, is just like a parent telling a kid that they should be happy that they put a roof over their heads!
It's what a parents suppose to do!  You don't make them a hero for that!
Great supportive statement thank you Senator, what a team player!
Funny I remember how members of your political party went crazy when Chris Christy and the Obama administration worked together on Sandy!
Comical... if you tweet it, it must be true, right Graham?
You literally can't stop yourself from kissing his butt, can you? So sad.
Do you know which mule you are hitching you wagon to lin-see
Lindsey. It's 140 characters or less. 70 of yours are typically spent ingratiating yourself.
Stop trying to either suck up to him, or get people to accept him. NO. NO. NO. Will never happen. #GoMueller #ImpeachTrump

Trump is going down Mr Senator. He's a traitor.
Reminder: Lindsey voted against Hurricane Sandy aid. What has changed? This supports an analogy between politicians and prostitutes.
Why did you deny flood relief for Texas?
The bar is so low 
I'd appreciate you killing your awful health cut bill. Pure evil.
Well, you've become quite the brown noser
After a devastating earthquake & hurricane (and after Trump failed to send condolences), Mexico today rescinded its offer of aid to the US
Wow they did their job ..
Sounds like Donald Trump got his hands on a Lindsey Graham PeePee tape
What is with all the sucking up lately Lindsay?
Oh look who's now changing his tune. #toolatetosavegop
Lindsey is a fraud.
Didn't u just vote down relief for Texas and now the storm is coming to you?
How about the close coordination between them and the Russians?
How about the close coordination with Russia?
Cmon. No one EVER gave KUDOS to ANY other admin 4 MUNDANE things like this. STOP with the PANDERING & DO YOUR JOB 4 SC!
Yep rhino helped you out
Yes we appreciate him actually doing his job!  I think this goes to Kelly
What does he have on you that you're kissing his ring?
Graham
Seriously?  Stop treating Trump like he is a child. He is a con and bully.  Wake up!
Lindsey Graham is no better. Stop expecting he be better. He's not.
Truth
Stop ass kissing 
The trump regime putting Americans ahead of personal gain and Russia. Sad that that deserves a shout out.
Bar is really that low, eh?
Who's going to pay for this & that stupid wall?
Every time you tweet a boot licking statement like thirds you make a fool of yourself. Aren't you tired? Aren't you tired of licking boots?
I'm not sure the admin deserves a pat on the back for properly doing something that's a pretty basic expectation of any government


Stop. Just stop Senator. You are losing any credibility.
If only either of you would take action to help protect us from the perils of climate change
What's up with all the ass kissing lately? Could this possible have to do with the healthcare your working on.
Did @POTUS show you this kind of respect when you criticized his Charlottesville response? Respect is earned not given...
Trying to stay on his good side.
Entire staff, Republican friends  required to be loyal and always give him praise.
I appreciate the close coordination between the Trump Administration and emergency response personnel in SC and other states in Irma’s path.
you just don't want to fund recovery
Oboy Lindsey, what gonna do Bannon coming 4 u. Better shape up and have a vote on integrity enough for the GOP. History is watching.
Can you please make up your mind?The flopping like a fish out of water is beyond old
YOU HAVE SEX WITH HIM ALREADY, geeeez! You kiss his a** often enough that u might as well. SUCH a disappointment. #resist #impeachTrump
We all appreciate when the things that are supposed to happen, happen. Now stop sucking up.
Let's hope your state doesn't need relief money! So that everyone can vote against it like you did for Harvey!
So what you're saying is that you approve of Socialism? Cool.

I bet you do
He loves when young men "coordinate" closely! #ComeOutLindsey
The team like FEMA?  Nope....that's the agency the tRump administration has not supported
Senator, its their job, isn't it?
Yes Senator Graham, Trumps emergency response will be there when the 25 mph winds ravage South Carolina
You should really wipe off your nose now, Lindsey
But their coordination with Russia not so much.
Will I find this same tweet from you during the @POTUS44 administration?
He did save TIME!SINCE the American people are catching on,we don't have MUCH TIME LEFT!Hey,Linds,Help before it is to late,dora
Being I live in Florida, there is no Irma path in SC. It has broken up dumb shit.
Yes, those of us in Florida say Hats Off to Gov. & Fed government!
Your bff
He has property in FL. Hasnt done shit for  Montana fires. Refused request for aid. Only cares when it affects his own wallet
Linds - what is happening?
you are perilously close to licking butt
does he have something on you?
Stop kissing Trump's ass.
Do you appreciate the POTUS and his administration #DancingWithSwords with the ones that caused the 09-11-2001 attacks ?
The Governor in Oregon is asking, "why not my state?"
SC?? Hand out already b/c of heavy rain? #ShitODear
Yeah, Trump's doing a great job getting rid of environmental regs so ppl can be flooded w/Superfund site polluted water
Really! You do. WHY? I'm throwing up right now.
Because our previous president was to busy with his socializing. Our #POTUS is repairing the last 8 years of damage ..#MAGA
You mean whats left of the career civil servants in the federal government? The trump admin has done nothing.
yes, what I don't appreciate is the coordination between #GlobalWarming denial and record-breaking hurricanes, flood and wildfire.
Get off what you're drinking , prisoners of the moment.
He's drinking scientific proof not religious mumbo-jumbo! Climate change is REAL!!!
Please stop brown nosing. You're very respectable when you don't.
Senator Lindsey also appreciates large donations from George Soros' cat's paws.
I am as well, watching the White House briefing you wouldn't know about Irma from the press corps.  They seem more focused on Bannon. geez
You're in a&& kissing mode today
If only he hadn't gutted personnel in so many agencies. 45 has made things worse not better by giving unqualified people positions
Amen..
Trump administration coordination is a Chinese hoax.
I think ms Lindsey's got a crush

Don't think we're forgetting .  This is getting embarrassing .
I see you working this...what is it?  An audience with the President to sell your Heath Care option or DREAMERs or...hm interesting. 
Thought the same thing
Earlier"Excellent speech this morning by Trump.  
Rightfully honored the fallen and showed the will / determination to see this through."
He talked through the moment of silence plus he lied about the Muslims celebrating in New Jersey. #WorstPresidentEver
Glad I didn't see him speak...I would have pressed mute
Florida! You can say it
.  Civil war , escalate world tensions , Nazis are good people too , nursing home residents on the street , emoluments.
Such a shame you feel the need to blow smoke up @realDonaldTrump 's butt.  You occasionally show signs of being a straight shooter.
Rarely
Thank God for Trump because our Congress and Senate only think of themselves
