U need 2 support the President on the Mueller issue.....why do U support Mueller's stacking the investigation with Dems ...anti Trumpers
Free market solutions
Power 2 CORRUPTED GOP governors who have GOVT care and DON'T give a crap About if their Citizens have Quality care
Never in backward SC!
If SC managed health $ as well as it does utility regulation we'd have sky high rates and not even an aspirin to show for it
Again, walk away. You've done enough damage for this year
It's actually a good idea. Only hope to salvage healthcare .
Grah/Heller says "Governors like FL Rick Scott of FL who committed BILLIONS in Medicare/Medicaid fraud care if citizens have quality care"
How about Medicaid able body test as well?
You do nothing for our state, can't wait until your replace
You know we in SC can't rely on our governor to look out for people who need Medicaid!
Maybe they need to get a job and buy insurance like most of us do maybe you don't people need to stop depending on the state
I haven't read the Bill, but... Why does Fed Govt need to collect/distribute $ to the States? Can't States collect their own taxes?
And be sure to Vote OUT LINDSEY GRAHAM
This country will tolerate no more attempts of one party to attack the other. Work together! We deserve your cooperation.

TEAxas will spend it on other things in their budget. Just like they did in 2008. Sure was not infrastructure. They plugged budget hole.
This is the best idea I've heard thus far.  I've said all along each state is different and requires their own solution. Well done Senator!

Here's another. Sprinkle "liberally".
There is a RESON the Founding Fathers saw fit to form our Republic as a unification of States.  Do you not understand the concept, Lindsey?
When it comes to 1/6th of our economy it takes the power of the UNITED STATES, to properly regulate it. Don't you agree, Lindsey?
If you don't agree please explain why!
You brag about reaching across the aisle, Lindsey. Is there a single Democrat that supports this “bill”?  (What is the text of this,“bill”?
And when they are incompetent and poorly run/economically a mess, then what?  MInimal FED STANDARDS protect people, i.e. Your voters. listen
shout this from roof tops-get this done-such a simple yet workable solution-DO IT
@POTUS This has the making of a success to push healthcare and $$ to the States to meter out where they have the need. #SmallerGovernment
The state don't need the money we want to federal government to fund it all Medicare and Medicaidand fix Obamacare
LOL - no.  If you think I'm trusting the slackjaw jabronnis of the Indiana legislature, think again.
#MedicareForAll not 50 different & divisive plans!  C'mon Lindsey... why didn't you stand & vote with @SenJohnMcCain. I'm switching parties.
What about states that get more Fed $ than they send, most of the red states are welfare states, supported by blue states.
Where it should be to begin with.
Back slowly away from our healthcare.  If you're not going to strengthen and repair it, walk away.
Any thing to hurt poor people  that need medicaid
Senator, you are hellbent on repealing a bill that less than 28% of citizens support. It's long past time for universal healthcare for all.
Oh hell NO
What are the protections for people with pre-conditions? How do you protect elderly Medicaid patients and children?
Lindsey, where are the details for your health care plan? How many of 30 million covered now get your coverage?
Mr. Graham...you know better than anyone..the states cannot manage health care..it is why the Federal gov't must manage...
suggest u go 2 Venezu...
No!  I'm in illinois.  The leaders in our state can't be trusted!

Harlan!! For senatedrain the swamp!!
Be a hero. Preserve democracy. Work on a bi-partisan fix to the #ACA
Graham-Cassidy block grants, R a tricky way to kill Medicaid access & give $$ to billionaires. From @AARPadvocates:
Not if it passes through Liar and T henchman Herr Price. No way.
Amen!


You are on to something here that many Republican Prezes have advocated. First Blick grant health care, then decentralize all welfare.
YOU voted 4 a bill that would cause worse death spiral than u claim is rt now. RUall incapable of doing the right thing even w/ 2nd chance??
Back when the states had most of the rights, under the articles of confederation, we almost split into 3 countries
Not all states will do the right thing with the money and power! AL is a prefect example of that!  Many states need oversight!
Stop that is not what the people want - please listen to the people!!
Like I want Henry McMaster to have powers like these.  No thanks.
Hey y'all over Lake Hartwell in SC: you'd better start saving yo pennies!!
Start by deleting Obamacare. Not for any political reasons we can fend for ourselves, leave MCair alone unisurables into Pool & fix Medicaid
Sorry you are trying to please the rich at our expense. Fix the #ACA . Shameful.

#WEALTHCARE
Then the states need to agree to full reproductive freedom for women.
how do you make the insurance pools large enough to push down cost?
You mean, after you KEEP OBAMACARE TAXES! Good grief, @LindseyGrahamSC !
You need a national standard.
With some states being truly innovative while others states doing very little - like states that haven't expanded Medicaid.
Rightttttt. and what is your salary for the year, and how much have you made off the American people in your tenure in the Political swamp?
And why won't Tom Price answer a question? EVER!
Why does the GOP keep saying not to trust the CBO score, this will be better for Amer's than ACA and this is what Amer's want? 17% approval?
Serious question: how do you address the economic disparity between the poor states and the wealthy states? i.e. different need levels.
Don't send any money to CT! They'll give it to the state unions for retirement. $400k/yr + HC for a professor at uconn is a bit much!
Is this what the Kochs told you to say??? Pathetic.
When do we get to see this miracle bill of yours? Or don't the American people have a say in it?
Who'll cut medicaid b/c they don't get enough federal funding & w/o they can't balance their budgets. Rep would rather states go bankrupt.
Only a few States care about the health of the residents. The rest will find other uses for the money
Your words that "Trump will never be President - you can mark my words" ring in my ears. I'll NEVER trust you.
What's your cut ; Mr exalted right to life by medical repair no one else gets!
Which is great unless you live in a state that doesn't care about healthcare.
Like SC is sooooo good at allocating money for poor people?
As you took power from President. You were wrong and we forget. You really messed with my head, all of you who I respected. You don't
Represent the people who put you there. The did what Democrats wanted, what, Special interests wanted, what Hillary wanted. You betrayed us
Can you just remember for one second that you are a servant? A civil servant. In your position bc real ppl put you there. To represent THEM
Now he is demanding no votes till health care. Can one of you please shut this guy up? What are you waiting for.
Hey @maddow @Lawrence @JoyAnnReid @chrislhayes Wow look, they're figuring this out! They can also figure out how to send statesfor ACA!

SC leads the country in infant mortality.  SC leas in women dying by guns. Bottom of the barrel in women's health. SC GOP MGMT is a FAILURE!
What do you plan to do about your state's completely inadequate healthcare? Make it our inept governor's problem? I just wanna live, bro.
Bullshit
If rich states provide the $$ why shouldn't we be able to say what is done with it?
More bullshit!
The states are not trust worthy. Do your job to fix healthcare. Republicans now OWN this
Please be careful with our Healthcare. Millions are depending on you.
Doesn't South Carolina have the money & power to run and manage the education system? And we rank 50th. This HC bill is equally bad for SC.
This is not what your friend Sen McCain wanted and you know that!
Where are the women Senator @LindseyGrahamSC ??? There was a lesson to be learned last week. I know you can learn it. @lisamurkowski
change tax code to provide funding for states to take care of healthcare, feds give framework, states give details http://lagomhouse.org/?page_id=620 
The states need help from the fed. Ask those governors who did take expansion. Come on Lindsey.
What regulatory repeal is in it for conservatives? Original Cruz-Lee Amendment, price transparency, association health plans, portability?
They get almost a billion$$$ a year and it he roads are maybe the worst in the country. 2/2
Brain dead. You know states, especially your home state, can't be trusted to use funding as it's meant. Just look at the road situation! 1/2
I'd like to see power returned to the People, not to the gov't. We want single payer. Do some research. It works.
Nothing says United than your are own on your own does that mean so poor states with military bases are on their own ?
You have now joined the ranks of Trumpism and treason to the people. You must think we are all stupid enough to swallow this garbage.
Yeah cause we can tooooootally trust SC to do the right thing. Look how well we take care of our roads, after all! 
do something
Oh perfect.  Fl gov sucks
Let McCain be in charge not you s
My state doesn't do anything good for people.
That's bs. Every American deserves a baseline of healthcare. Republicans are deaf to reason.
Good to see you're working with Dems and returning to normal process! Oh, wait...
so states will determine the quality of health care?  so if you live in a poor state w a Republican gov your health care will stink
Remember no child left behind? Remember the states who manipulated test scores to get federal monies? Same thing will happen with your plan.
Who will fail at managing it.
All this stupid back and forth while folks deceived by ACA "promises" scramble to make ends meet. Shameful for BOTH sides!
Then some spend it on their citizens, and some don't. Best doctors flee to states that have more spending on healthcare.
Whether u live or die shouldnt depend on where in US u live. Feds should protect #ESBs & #Medicaid funding
You have no vehicle to force the states to use that money appropriately.  It has to have some sort of mandate--maybe looser but a mandate.

A broke state like mine needs the Feds to administer.
What Chris Godwin said. Alabama is about as competent to manage ANY resources or power as a cinderblock.
50 governors will translate to 50 different solutions. GOP governors will rip healthcare away from people in their states.
What about #Medicaid, @LindseyGrahamSC? Your state, your kids, your responsibility. What about SC kids? Remember them. #KeepKidsCovered
You're assuming states will do the right thing.
You want to block-grant $ to states w no requirement they spend on health care. So blue states will, red won't.
Graham-Cassidy-Heller send money and power back to the states.
And how much $ do you propose to send each state? Less to blue states, more to red to fritter away on non-health?
You want to block-grant $ to states w no requirement they spend on health care. So blue states will, red won't. https://twitter.com/LindseyGrahamSC/status/891691706218893313 …
bam...you hit the nail on the crooked head of SC politics.
You still voted to screw millions out of HC so we don't trust you at all to help the ppl you only help the party!
And Greg Abbott would roll his wheelchair over sick people b4 expanding Medicare
I don't want McMaster and Bryant deciding my insurance. Your amendment is a terrible idea.  I live in Mt. P, SC, part of the UNITED States.
Single payer period. I should not have inferior health care because I live in Texas.
Most Texans are more worried about the bathroom bill than they are healthcare.
You need to work with Dems.
End PARTY POLITICS! Lives hang in the balance. Work together for the PEOPLE, not the party.
I don't that will help Texans with Abbott as governor.
Power goes with intelligence. An intelligent Congress is bipartisan.
We live in ONE country, not 50 different ones. Stand up for ALL Americans Senator and fix the ACA.
Each state for example itself, huh?
Country Over Party
What if we don't trust the states and the fickle governors?
C'mon. You know this would be devastating to the people of SC.
Where is the evidence that the states will do it better?
But we need to be able to buy insurance across state lines for better compitition. That will help lower premiums.
Stop being an enabler damn just look at Data how Medicaid keeps growing by the billions. BHO took money from Medicare to boost Medicaid
Cut the damn Medicaid. U shd chk data how many ppl had babies & illegals then put kids on Medicaid . Medicaid was intended 4 the destitute
Sorry!  I'm going to work my behind off to make sure Heller loses his seat.
Serious ?: if this is such a winner why did you vote for the loser last week? Why should I trust you? You called it a fraud + voted for it.
Bullshit. Restore funding you stole from risk corridors and significantly strengthen imdividual mandate penalties. You KNOW this would fix!
Your best friend who is very ill asked for a bi-partisan process. This is NOT bi-partisan.

Also, you don't have the votes.
Devil is in the details. Public now believes entitlement to affordable car. Can this deliver?
So that means you'll make sure that SC (which gets loads of federal dollars to insure those in need) maintain their coverage? How?
The majority of Governors say the states would have to cut major funding to education and other important programs to do this.
You need to get RID of the individual and employer mandates.
@Oprah http://wpde.com/news/local/dar …
Help a family in need can't send you a message on here but did on Instagram
You would be smarter to work with dems- your plan does not do it
We see too much government control over our lives in all aspects.Keep fighting for conservative principles that are getting pushed aside.
Just make sure you refuse all that govt control & give up public schools, libraries, universities, the police, firefighters. SS & Medicaid.
Like those states that threw away billions by not expanding Medicaid under ACA??
Gets some Dems on board and we will listen.
Please, work with @SenShumer. Our nation can't take much more. Run this plan by him. It has merits, can you find some compromise? Unity!
that sounds like an awful idea. we'd all end up poor and backwards like south carolina and louisiana. who wants that?
Agreed. But until Medicaid expansion is stopped, it will not be sustainable. GOP needs to stand together & COMPLETELY end this ACA dosaster!
Underfunded mandate.
"States" are stripped to the bone by "No Tax" GOP governor's,many in deficits.

HealthCare needs to be NATIONAL, ppl can't move to find HC
Boy, you are suddenly a font of ideas.  Where were you the last several months while you were flip flopping all over the place?
$ back to states? Just not enough to support needs & subject to annual cuts by Congress. We've seen block grant shell game before. Shove it
Oh yeah. Thanks. I live in Texas. I'd be better off with Doc. McStuffins.
After 7 years of hollering still nothing. Commission with Dems Reps and healthcare officials TOGETHER working this out. No MITCH AND MONEY
Do you even listen to anyone outside your closed minded circle?  Talk to Gov Kasich. He's at least bipartisan!
no he does not no one in Washington is listening...especially Graham. "u forget what state im from i could run forever and win" sen. grasham
Why? What happens if NJ takes a major diabetes initiative but NY doesn't. Federal tax dollars are going to leave on resident not covered?
When stimulus $$$ & power were given to states, MI used it to maintain budgets/staff. We got almost zero infrastructure! Don't trust states!
Which means is you live in MA you're fine If you live in Tx no
In other words - pass the buck
Then what?  People have to depend of what the whack jobs who run the state to decide what's good for women.
Texas will not protect its citizens. Full stop.
States are not even-handed about health care. All Americans deserve the same quality healthcare. It's a federal issue.
No! Just stop! You are making it worse!
Will it get 50 votes ?
Unfortunately, that simply won't work because some states won't take care of their citizens. All states are not created equal.
HC shift to states, yet when States legalize cannabis Feds want to outlaw it. Need to make up mind. Does states have control or Feds?

also, to the rich, from the poor
Heller =green mile sequel
What do you do when population rises or falls in your state? Do you cut off services to one group because money is limited by budget?
Healthcare should not live and die on the whims of state governments - it's a national issue that requires a federal response.  #FixACA
Please gawd make it stop
What if our state government sucks?
Not going to work ! I live in Illinois, we're bankrupt. Not going to work.
...at a rate that doesn't keep pace with inflation
You have a better brain than to just assume state run is superior to federal administrated.  Despite being an old republican saw
Since the GOP hasn't learned a thing from this week's total failure on a fraudulent healthcare bill I guess you'll learn in 2018 midterms..
Heller no, hes already proven the keeping his job is more important than protecting the American public while he choked with Trump . Weak
Seven. Years. You guys had seven years to create a legit repeal and replace plan. Now this? Bruh.
To give to corporations for "research" NO f-ing way, Lindsey. We heard the Senator from Wisconsin speech. Youre gonna give it to donors
You do realize that there is huge variation in quality by state? Check out maternal mortality rates ..esp Texas vs California
No one wants your plan.
But will the states use the money effectively?  How will you ensure this?
Starting with that again? Thought maybe you'd make it more of a unified approach next time .
