How about denying a dangerously unstable "President" access to nukes?
Folks, Old Gary's been drinking all day!
Better drinking Jack than the #TrumpCrack you are smoking
Why aren't you concerned about the gutting of the State Department so that diplomatic responses are not prioritized over military responses?
He's been at the forefront of making sure the state dept funds & foreign aid aren't cut. Geez.
Graham good at lip service and expressions of concern. As Head of Appropriations, why isn't he putting more pressure on the WH to staff?
He held hearings and grilled Tillerson in appropriation subcommittee. They will not honor the 30% cut request.
There's a list of stuff he's done about all things state department / foreign aid.
Good points. Admirable as far as it goes, and it doesn't go far given Graham's penchant for war over diplomacy.
He's got a good foreign policy head, and what he's said here is correct but it doesn't address the problem that 70% of us don't trust Trump.
His words scared the hell out of us as we expect statesmanship. It also didn't reassure our allies. If it's tactical, we'll see.
@LindseyGrahamSC ur not going to get the comm dir. spot or any other position in WH u can stop bending over now, oh maybe u can't, spineless
What about Pakistan, you know, where we found Bin Laden, why do we let them have nukes?
Shut it. You guys voted for trump, sorry if we don't think you guys are trustworthy
We should deny ourselves a president that incites such responses from other countries
We deny that U can write a coherent sentence:-) Socialist Europe wants US money. We elected President Trump 2 be President of USA, NOT WORLD
Here come the chicken hawks!
Lindsey we want you out of your seat- you’re a betrayal to your party and president! We trumpers are gonna vote you out of office!
You Trumpers are about to get a Yuuuuuge surprise.  Trump is gonna be impeached.
lol dare to dream shall we?! This is coming from you? A Hillary dreamer? Weren’t you all convinced she was gonna win? Who got the surprise?!
She did win.  Russia made sure she didn't get it.  Trump knew, he kept telling us, "this election is rigged" but rigged for him.  Wake up!
Pull your head out of your snowflake  hole & get a clue.. the evidence is clear- Hillary committed how many crimes? Mueller will get her!
Wrong- Comey made the case of crimes against Killary.. however did not charge for said reasons he was fired. Now Manafort is not trump. Cya
What makes you think anyone cares about what you have to say anymore? You and your buddy Donny have lost all credibility. Deal with that!
How? Preemptive strike?
Most of America sees what #TrumpRussia abd GOP are doing. Starting a war to escape treason
Maybe we need a state department. Ever consider that?
Loopy, maybe you need a governor in VA. Ever consider that?
No way.  I have thought you had your wits about you. Not now.
EXT. DEATHRAY..BIG BANG. IF I HAD A DEATHRAY I WOULD BE SITTING IN MY LAIR. WHILE THE WORLD PAID ME NOT TO USED MY DEATHRAY!
How about territories?  Why do you support this p..ssing contest between two mentally unstable individuals?  History will say you are wrong.
So you actually think anyone is okay with NK having misses capable of hitting US.  The question is how so you change NK
This is one thing we both agree on.  We cannot allow NK to get to the point where they can threaten us.  The same for Iran.
Wow very deep, excellent analysis.
Do you support the Presidents strong words on North Korea?
U are a classic back-seat driver. How Many lives are u willing to sacrifice? If we attack in a meaningful way, it will be 100s of 1000s
Should come home from "working Vaca" and presented take threats seriously. Not just show boat threatening tweets. Our lives are worth more.
And, we should have all the diplomacy tools in place. Ambassadors? Nope. The few trump appoints are friends & employees with no experience.
So Lindsay, you're leaving your buddy Sen McCain hanging out  to dry? He knows 45s a disaster. Why aren't you standing up too? New BF for u?
Sorry but from my point of view, you and Trump  shouldn't be allowed to make a decisions about the American people.
-thanks captain obvious
take away the gun, take away the fun...
discipline him like a child.
then people rise up and/or military coup.
1) destroy launch sites; 2) destroy processing sites; 3) infrastructure between; 4) military infrastructure; 5)recreational/propaganda sites
non-nuclear surgical strikes on palaces, launchsites, nuclear locations, military airfields, ships, artillery, stadiums, monuments, ...
Your use of the term American Homeland, should make people nervous.
Pauly, B.Hussein, the gay Muslim President, made the American Homeland nervous!
How?
isn't that cat already out of the bag????
We know N Korea's missile program is just saber rattling. Unfortunately @realDonaldTrump has been rattled. What else could we do to stop it?
Chicken hawk.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
How?
Without a "how" this is just a PR tweet. "Look at me. I'm tough," he says.
Two loud mouth bullies. Yeah war we don't need it. If you think we do better start buying up those canned goods and water. We'll need it
Are you aware that Mueller is gathering evidence right now to incident Donald Trump?  Why aren't you helping with that?
Nobody disagrees with you me assessment. The question I hope you are thinking about and can communicate is how to do this without conflict
Great What exactly do you propose we do to accomplish this? Be very specific. 
Or is your rhetoric out distancing your solution?
What do you mean by "deny"? Isn't that the real question, how we do it?
Oh and manbaby is going after McConnell this week!   Who will it be next week?   You?   Get him out of there before we all get killed!
You've gone full Trump...just as irrationally crazy!
@realDonaldTrump  is a whiny little baby.  He's now been mocked by the other craziest world leader.  Even dictators mock trump now!
We were hoping their target was DC.
How about hit no where.  That's better. L ya pray their aim is off
We should, diplomatically. Not bomb the hell out of them and then run the risk of starting WWIII


Ur point of view is wrong it should never get to that millions will suffer is that point becomes a reality all avenues should be exercise
Take care of the nuclear tipped orange moron in the WH first!
We are NOT playing chicken with 2 unstable crazy leaders! NO! Unacceptable. Full stop!
Oh letting them extort money from democrats working dems made them and Iran nuclear
No shit Sherlock
