From the party that brought us Mitch McConnell?! He's not an acceptable choice especially after hearing about dark money.
I hope they obstruct this as long as possible.
I'm an Independent that sees value in points from both sides. However @LindseyGrahamSC w/Russia in play shouldnt we stop and focus on that.
what he win? um, the WH? and then we rejoiced when the orange weirdo did nothing with it.
Issue is this presidency is so problematic on so many levels. Not going insane so much as being compelled to speak.
we know you had always been #NeverTrump so why the pivot. Stand for We the People and stop pushing his agenda for now
The left is NOT INSANE Sen Graham but we will vote you out. You are Selling this country out to Russia.
at least focus on Russia and 2016 Election. Gorsuch will still be there afterwards. Clear Russia first & then clear Gorsuch
Dems in SC, do NOT allow Graham to get away with this BS. They blocked Garland, allow treason in White House. Call, protest
Such a hypocrite you are! What about Merrick Garland? And why should anyone accept this nomination in Trump's last year?
clearly the opposition is irrational and due to Trump. Nothing to do w/ #frozentrucker or hobby lobby contraception rulings
You need to stop enabling the TREASON in the Republican party before you throw any stones at the Democrats. WTF, Graham???
Shame on you for playing into an untrue, irrelevant divisive narrative! Cop out from hearing the other side's (whom you still rep!)concerns!
Please release Trump's Tax Returns.
Based on responses here just wondering if you even pay attention to what is being said to you from your constituents??
He doesn't care. #CrammedAgenda Is all he wants b4 #TrumpRussia hits the fan. They'll be the minority next year
People will not forget this defilement of OUR W.H. for many years.  GOP killing their reputation
Seriously? We have people working at the behest of putin occupying the highest levels of govt. Freakout is justifiable.
Nothing is doing to happen with Trump\Russia. That's establishment dribble 4 fools & tools to talk about.
Come on! You're better than this,sir. Yes,Left going insane,but reason bigger than Gorsuch. Hearing word "collusion" a lot.
No, sir, Trump had to cheat to win. He has forfeited his legitimacy with treason. Americans are going insane over that!!
Lindsey, Lindsey, drooling after Gorsuch is so unbecoming. And I don't think you are his type.
haha! That's so true! They have literally lost their minds.
You've been around for awhile, as have I> I have NEVER seen this level of Hate
is merrick garland a bad judge?
Our Congress is defined by what it hasn't done. Two warring, ideologically polarized parties. Unable to serve the people they represent. Sad
senator how can you say this with a straight face? Did you forget #merrickgarland? Honestly. Please explain yourself
Excuse me?? You have a President and his team who fricking colluded with Russia, you are enablers and WE are insane???????
But building deficit-killer Walls and cozying up to Putin are so solidly "sane." Seriously?
The right was already insane left better hurry up and get on board!!  In other words, the entire system is crazy.
for all your use of the term "conservative values" you have a lot of nerve talking about the "hard left" Senator.
Get the Russians and the people they control like Trump, Sessions and Paul out, and then we can get together and compromise
Which is why @DevinNunes should continue. Clearly the Left is terrified of what he'll uncover.
we may be going insane, but the right is, and has always been insane
.@LindseyGrahamSC our opposition to Gorsuch has nothing to do with insanity but everything to do with it being a #StolenSeat
BRILLIANT move by McConnell you have to admit. Come on, tell us the truth, you really believe
brilliant? Haha sure I can admit that... it's just not the type of brilliance I strive for.
I wonder...if the situation was 180 degrees opposite, would you still be clamoring over how
Unless you're living in a cave, you know very well why GOOD PEOPLE are upset daily by DT and his gang.  INSINCERE comment
I am one of your constituents- do you really want to lose all credibility and respect?
What win? He has done nothing but lose in the last 60 + days.
RUSSIAN BOT @kirsten0602 USED TO ATTACK @SenSanders  & @HillaryClinton DURING ELECTION..@maddow TRYING TO REDIRECT TO MAGA
ALL OUT WAR ON DEMOCRACY   @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @BetsyDeVosED @mike_pence @HillaryClinton @SenSanders
oh no, this is not the INSANE LEFT, we just got started, buckle ur belts RIGHT for the next 4yr jolly ride
"republican president could not have chosen better..." But a democratic president did. This hypocrisy leads to distrust of @LindseyGrahamSC
Why do you hate America?
I like u Lindsey; I SO wish u would work across party lines and mend the flaws in Affordable Health Care  Act.
HUH? What have you been smokin? Putin's cigars? Don't get to cocky. It will come back to haunt.
Oh @LindseyGrahamSC , I do declare you've caught the vapors.
You should be ashamed of yourself. ...and "the left" lack morality?
huh, I came here to thank you for being a reasonable republican. Guess I'll take that back, you're as bad as the rest
will @SenateGOP sell the USA out watching Trump agenda weaken your country empowering Russia?
I like you, but Trump is the one who is insane and you of all people should know that.
that's a "so last year" remark
Stop belittling peoples' fears and start listening. These are real concerns,not BS crap about birth certificates.
What's is it like Lindsey? Asking from the perspective of one going insane wanting to know from one already there.
The left is going insane. What should we expect after we get there?
don't u remember all the times Trump tried to shame you? Let loose your personal mobile? Have you no pride?
Left is "going insane" after Trump's 1,000 Lie.

The  knows Trump's a Liar & Putin's Boy.
I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
#TraitorInChief 
Why, @LindseyGrahamSC, because we're concerned he and his campaign might have colluded with Russia to get him elected?
Seems as though your parties former leaders did not endorse the Trump Debacle. Anything wrong with siding with the majority
Your constituents chanted "Your last term" while you spoke at toenhall & you said Bring it on?! We will. We will indeed.
how about caring about ALL of your constituents not just 'the Right' Your type is the cause of polarization. #Gross
Leave aside GOP racist dismissal of Obama, e.g. failing to advise re Garland, Trump is corrupt as day long. Truth, please.
Careful what you say around TT. See TIME's Sat. back-cover? "BBQ flavor so rich and smoky you can almost hear it sizzle."
the win was surprising, obviously,  but the sheer amount of scandals in ethics and worse, drives any rational being crazy..
Pls understand for us & how we are feeling. It isn't just the left. Many of us are just AMERICANS; neither Left nor Right.
not insane just came awake you don't represent me!
and to help implement a narcissist in the WH. When congress refused to show his tax returns, it only made matters worse.
Sorry Senator. We know you are upset. We feel even more upset when we found out that the Russians meddled with our election
Sort of how Republicans acted with Obama... except we aren't motivated by racism and our fears are legitimate.
Nunes needs to go. And you said yourself you would investigate or have you changed your mind and gone Rouge? This is not a joke...period.
Lindsey, please. You say you hope some people care more about country than party. Take our own advise & try that yourself.
When is a special investigation going start into Russia and Trump Admin??
What is going on with you? I'm a registered rep. Do something and quite criticizing people. We r all citizens of this country. Nonsense
the left is going insane because that is garlands seat!!!!
the courtesy we are returning to the Republicans is the same one they gave to Merrick Garland! It's the least we can do :-)
no they arent! How dare you use such language!
Really? As the saying goes, "You ain't seen nothing yet."
I was Republican until Trump. I just can't stand the man with his lies, lack of morals and values. He is a poser.
@HouseIntelComm @congressdotgov @SenateDems Really old man? WHY ARENT YOU GOING CRAZY OVER RUSSIA? COVERUP TRAITOR!
I usually agree with you Senator but I think he left is going insane due to Trumps actions and rightly so.
I believe u think you're doing the right thing. But ur defense consists of "they woulda done it & they already done wrong."
if that's your defense, fine, but don't excoriate your opponents for resisting you.
your defense isn't grounded in the Constitution or the greater good. It's a "might makes right" play.
Can any of you admit to stealing this seat. And then you expect Dems to roll over. Your party has created this divide.
You said you are not afraid of losing your job. Then do what is right and work to rid us of this nightmare President.
wonder why? Maybe you should have elected a legit candidate instead of a Putin puppet! #TrumpRussia
You are just as bad.. You're a RINO, and actually are a democrat calling yourself a Republican.. We Republicans suck too.
not true. He's crazy. You know it. And why, oh why, did Republicans have to steal SCOTUS seat? Now we have more big trouble
No Americans are angry a foreign power attacked us and it's being swept under the Rug . @GOP does not own Patriotism.
Thank you, you said it better!  Kudos!!!  
yeah Lindsay it's the left that is going insane...
Perhaps b/c of  his  ". . . slow undoing of human rights . . . "?
please bring sanity back..just because GOP party holds majority of seats..reach out to Democrats Anyway!!
Let's not act like there aren't valid reasons to be 'going insane': Russia/Putin, connections, nepotism, $$ at Maralago etc
exaggeration.  didn't Dem support Bush picks?
More about country than party... What was the refusal to hold confirmation hearings on MG about again? Now I'm confused
Feeling some heat?
when will u n schumer start giving a shit about the 70% of us in the middle?
@POTUS @potus is the insane one. I suspect you secretly agree.
you cant blame anyone u traitor! Country b4 putin!
You need to be honest. What McConnell did w/Garland caused this.  You are into fiction & lies like Trump! Does not fly!
Much like the right went insane during Obama's presidency?
also heard you claim that Dems would have done the same thing to you. Well GOP would have then filibustered next pick.
trump is your legacy. After all the work you've done, trump is what you'll be remembered for. Let that sink in.
No Mr Graham Not insane. Just revved up because we were able to stop you crazy people. Stay prepared, we sure aren't done
W/due respect, DJT is unqualified, uninformed, bigot Pres in my lifetime. Cannot sit still when feel terror for nation!
Sure I'm not 1st to notice the Right went insane long ago. Party of No to everything but more war.
You are nuts!

aw now I have to unfollow you
Obama did his Job and a very good one when he put his nomination up.
And the GOP refused to have hearings.
Thus not (1/2)
Doing their job.
Every Republican on the committee should be Fired.
Now you want Cooperation.
SMH
#GOPhippocrates
I'm a life-long GOP voter until 2016. GOP is now so crazy far to the right that I'm now on the left.  P.S. You are a fool.
Perhaps, then again, you're a complete hypocrite
I might like u after all if u keep fighting for our side . Tell this to McCain too
I wouldn't worry about the D's - I would worry about your district and the American people.  Remember 2.9 mil more votes
that's divisive, dismissive, and offensive language, Senator
was it not politics when you wouldn't even give Garland a hearing. Hypocrite.
Interestingly,many republicans, independents on Twitter unhappy with Trump. Not in the FOX/ hannity bubble of course.Wakeup
.@LindseyGrahamSC Graham: I quote myself.
shame on you. Nothing should move forward till trump Russia investigation over. We know dems would not get away with this
Get SCOTUS done dammit
what win? I'm so sick of hearing left and right why can't we have inclusive government? Be the leader!!
Look, GOP completely ignoring #Trumprussia shows Democracy NOT your concern as long as you have power. WRONG. #wrongwaygop
Oh please.Where public education matters,treatment of disabilities in ED, I don't support Gorsuch. Neither do Supreme Court
are you kidding. We are not going insane we have a crook and traitor as pres. Please say your not one too
I believe you mean the left is 'organizing' and it isn't just the left, FYI...
I thought you were a real straight shooter! You're no better than the rest of them. Swamp People!
Really? Really? The LEFT has gone insane?? Look at your own party.
As most rational, sane people would. His performance so far speaks for itself.
The only win was with Putin's help
WHO letting tradition down?!?! Some senators have a lot of nerve. Tradition when out with trump but that didn't bother you!
errbody going insane cuz the p grabber in chief is insane.
If by insane you mean afraid of the fate of our democracy then yes we are.
you can shut up about "the left" now that you're supposedly in charge. Do something for Americans. Anything?
Amen. Go do something productive, Lindsey.
Don't you have any original ideas?
Insane, because you, and cabell , cadre of crazy cohorts are not listening.  Your "replacement" stupidity screws everyone mid & poor. f u
As a Democrat I actually think Gorsuch would be a fine pick, but why should they work with you when you refused Garland?
Actually, they're mad about how Republicans childishly refused to give Garland a hearing, don't get it twisted
at his point EVERYONE is going insane.  @realDonaldTrump 60% of Americans do not trust him.  Kind of rubs off on Congress
Congress chooses # of seats on SCOTUS & court's jurisdiction. Look forward to these fights when there is no filibuster!
not
kind of like the GOP has done for the previous 8 years.  Shut up and govern, quit whining.
You Republicans didn't even give Merrick Garland a hearing.  You all blocked everything Obama did.  You deserve the same.
right should be too. He is a total Buffoon
kinda like focusing on the dishes in sink while the house is burning down. Treason in the white house first. SCOTUS next.
at your townhall you defended blocking Garland b/c 3 primaries had already occurred. That's not in the Constitution.
how about a fair investigation?
have you sold us out for your own agenda
You don't think it has anything to do w/ possible links to Putin? Or that Repub spent over a year blocking Obama's choice?
Of course not. Let's immediately jump to "they're insane" and remove any sense of responsibility from Repubs.
8 judges for over a year.  Seriously, you people need to be honest with yourself and public.  We're not that stupid.
No- everyone from right-leaning centrists to the left are REACTING to an authoritarian kleptocracy.  You may continue to
hedge your bets with Trump, but do so at your peril.  The Administration is already undermining Paul Ryan, one of your own.
ps- You all behaved disgracefully for 8 years. McConnell set the tone with obstructionism, so don't be surprised when the
Democrats regrow their FDR balls!
You would not even set up hearings for Garland and, consequently, stole Obama SCOTUS nominee.  You left the court with only
Less insane that you were during Obama's terms.  At least they are participating in meetings for Gorsuch.
ugh the left is going insane because we have Putins puppet in office
I thought, maybe, you had some sense about you unlike the other Republicans.  Did you forget about Russia?
You the Rep. put DJT in the WH, as the best you could offer, that sir is very sad. So deal w/the fact we don't agree.
please stop it i am a republican and hate him as well
Come on Sen Graham.. You're one of the few reasonable Repubs. Even you can admit something sketchy is going on with USSR.
To not acknowledge undermines Repub credibility with Dems.
To label us as 'insane' is unfair, an apology is more appropriate for SCOTUS.
Obama also picked centrist in nod to fact we had gotten 2 justices and won a third by Scalia's untimely death.
1. Bull and 2. Shit. Tread carefully lest ye be judged harshly by history. I know you have to appease your base but ease up
Republicans could have heard Garland and voted him down, that they did not do that was morally wrong, disrespected 1/2 US.
Obama far more popular president than Trump.
Issue is not Gorsuch, but unfairness and disruption of our norms w/Garland eroding government and mutual respect.
You tried to strip health insurance from 24,000,000 Americans. You're right, we should just calm down.
Repub. should acknowledge they did not give Merrick Garland a fair hearing and offer more centrist pick.
just like the right went insane over Obama and wouldn't even VOTE on Garland! #hypocrisyatitsbest
you are part of the left except for when it comes to Supreme Court judges and military killing people.
Stop the exaggeration please. Democrats have said they'd work with GOP.
The hypocrisy &lack of insight is incredible. The Right loses it over emails & a blow job, &ignores treason and corruption
I think you're wrong on this one, Senator.  Everyone, not just the left, is going insane because of Russian collusion.
If the Right wasn't putting Russian interests before country,maybe the left wouldn't be freaking out so much.
Could that be the win on health care, or the win on border control? Cos we're winning so much we're getting tired of it!
Independent commission first
Meanwhile, @Starbucks #Graham Cracker Cracks Joke About #Nunes Handing Off #ClassifiedIntel to #TrumpRussia w/o #Security
Adult Children Have @SecretService
wrong not insane, outraged and pissed about what McConnell & GIP did to Garland. #sowrong
He won something? What did I miss?
More insane than the right for electing Trump? These are kooky times.
you're being a little hyprocritical with your comments, don't ya think?
He lost by 3,000,000 votes of we, the people, like Adolf Hitler did in 1930 Reichstag Election,corruption put them in power
If you all hadn't treated Garland so terribly, things may be a bit better now. This is what you've sown.
what part of Trump and his cronies being stooges for Putin don't you understand? I thought you were a patriotic American?
it won't be long before we have Democrat President but may not have 60 Democrat Senators, so please do use nuclear option
maybe you can't see because you're too close, INSANE is the delusional loose cannon your party elected!
