"Nobody is above the law in the U.S." Really? We seem to be a little light on indictments on known lawbreakers from the Obama admin, Lindsay
What lawbreakers?  Move on with that lame excuse. You're not distracting anyone from this disastrous administration that America is under.
Spoken like a true leftist. Sorry, but even Dems are not above the law.
I'm an American first. And my views & opinions are for a better America, not a red-neck hate-filled racist America, which is your choice.
Thankfully in a Trump America you are entitled to your views and opinions. In an Obama/Clinton America, your intolerant leftists deny them.
Only idiots would believe those Trump lies. Stay on that losing team. It's going NO WHERE.
Spoken like a true LOSER. Have a nice day, chump.
Based on your photo, you can join my LGBT friends group. You know we can tell who's in the closet. I'll add you to our list.
Someone will

You are disgraceful for putting this photo up-you people are working against your own best interest
I think this makes my point perfectly clear & why I'll never support Trump!
I'm guessing you are doing the work of media matters for them, you are wasting your time aiming your propaganda at me.
I'm only commenting on what's true about an incompetent president. His ratings & standing in the world pretty well prove that, too.
I am thrilled with Trump, don't think you guys would have liked lies spewed about your guy. I kept my mouth shut & hoped for the best.
Thank You For Reason Sir.Stop McCain+Co From Destroying Electoral Integrity"Elected By The People" v "A good record as a Lawyer"OurPresident
get some real justice going and the trouble will stop.  they are whistle blows not leaks. No Justice No Peace! thank a whistle blower today
Wouldn't be surprised if .@LindseyGrahamSC is "The Leaker'" #WeThePeople know he's a traitor Turncoat  VOTE him out .@realDonaldTrump
branches not letting responses to their acts, and to their natures forced recorded not letting their abuses of all ages with child predators
AGREE, BUT THAT WILL NEVER HAPPEN, YOU PEOPLE COVER EACH OTHER, YOU ARE IN A BLACK MAIL LIST, YOU WILL NOT EVER CAME FORWARD WITH THE LEAKER
A Lot of people do!  Are you one of them?   The whole dang swamp!!!
RICO ACT Trumps family and administration now!
If your sick of lies. Why do you spread them?  Watch something besides CNN and main stream media. Read.
F.B.I. directors and other agencies were/are recorded with databases crimes with campuses, and with military, and with medical corruption
Trump, Trump needs to go to jail. I know this is outlandish but I'm really starting to believe Trump has been a "spy" since the late 80's
Get the leakers
Yes, Trump
Hillary Clinton
entire #GOP need to go to jail.
Why is Mueller reaching beyond the scope of Russia? Is Trump right about witch Hunt? Why did we start him investigating without any crime?
What about Trumps financial crimes? RICO ACT!
Name them!
Casinos , fake school, or Russian money laundering.. Robert Muller will find out what is true and what is FAKE. Trump is a fake president.
Hahaha with all the leaks we know too much. No obstruction. No collusion. Only the Hillary Clinton Delusion
F.B.I. and other agencies/agents with/as psychologists recorded delusion propagating, and inter-campus database/evidences rackets
The F.B.I., and other agencies, and inter-branch leaders were/are recorded with Trade Center/areas's criminal persuasions, acts+natures
Start from the top, if you know what I mean.
they're investigation of presidents was/is recorded tied to their breaching acts coverup needs/witness fabrications w Trade Center attack+-
get some real justice going and the trouble will stop.  they are whistle blows not leaks. No Justice No Peace! thank a whistle blower today
you have to be replaced because you are letting the American people down. would love to here from you!!
WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE GRAHAM.  THE PRESIDENT CAN FIRE ANY ONE WHO WORKS FOR HIM. You have just created Pol. suicide.  2018 vote people
Vote Graham out
SomeoneNeeds to GoToJail? How AboutTrump  What if Leakers are Genuine Patriots who care that their Nation is Being TrashedBy Incompetentence
Pity StarryEyedStaffers Who see Emperor with No Clothes It ain't Pretty.WH Leaks like a Sieve BecauseStaffers feel Duped by FakeConman Trump
The People Need To Take Back Our Country! Too Many Corrupt Congress! Vote Them All Out! Start New! They Only Care About Themselves!
Like you really care! You dont Support Potus & Never Will
Lindsey Graham is Two-Face just like McCain.
You might be one of them
Trump is the biggest leaker in the WH. Since we're all on the same page, let's get it done.
#LockHimUp #ImpeachTrump
Agreed, so why have you been protecting crooked Clintons for so many years? Deep state syndicate corruption own you? Wasserman, Comey?
Lindsey Graham you should stop this molar s*** he's no good he works for the Democrats and half of the Republicans work with the president
Lindsey Graham won't you tell the truth you are never Trumper that's why you're trying to stop him from firing moller your fake
Lindsey stands with & for dnc on 90% he wants to talk about leaks yet Mueller hasn't been disbarred for conflict of interest yet
GLOBALIST
Yeah, someone does. Looks like it's DT. You good with that, Mr Senator? Are you following the news today about DT's affinity for minors?
Sure will be glad when you are voted OUT! You do NOT  have our President 's best interest! NO help at ALL!! Trump Train 
DUH!!
So true Anita he is pathetic
The whittling away of the president authority ink breads more corruption with out balance. We need repeal and replace completed.
All the democrats(DEMONIC RATS) need to be FIRED AND ALL IN JAIL.Trump is awesome.Ovomit dies to destroy the USA.
Where is the Special Counsel to investigate Clinton, Obama, Lynch & Comey?  Are u going to protect him too like Mueller?
So it's perfectly ok w u that Mueller has a conflict of interest being BFF w Comey, n his Clinton supporting team???
Give it to FBI. Their rule: First through the door (who flips) gets a deal. They'd get all the leakers.
FBI paid Fusion GPS for a falsified report on Trump! Are u kidding me? They are in bed w NeverTrumps. Part of the Deep State...
If U can't see that Mueller is a hack that's trying to illegally remove our President, then I can't help you. You're either naive or a liar.
Lindsey, do you realize how despised you are by average conservative citizens?  Your sycophants will never tell U, but I will. #Outoftouch
Than why don't you do something about it?  Tired of the talk would like to see some action!  Drain the swamp
Mueller STACKS THE DECK with lawyers who are OBAMA CLINTON SOCIALIST SUPPORTERS, and Graham PROTECTS Mueller who's ONLY PURPOSE is to
DESTROY OUR PRESIDENT.
Mueller STACKS THE DECK with OBAMA CLINTON SOCIALIST SUPPORTERS, and Graham moves to PROTECT Mueller's POLITICAL LYNCH MOB to bring down
to BRING DOWN OUR PRESIDENT.
It's past time to stop the leaks and the phony Russian collusion investigation. Enough BS!
That might need to be u graham! Ur a dam disgrace!
Are you going to crucify an innocent man? It didn't end up so well for the Sanhedrin. Are you the new Caiaphas?
Larry and Joe approve the use of plumbers caulk to get er done @jeffsessions , indictments, no slaps on the wrist.. jail time .. It's time
Trump Tower? Nope.  More like, What Happened
Can somebody run against this #RINO @LindseyGrahamSC and get him out of Congress? @GOPChairwoman @GOP
Senator keep your word, more LEAKS coming from Mueller Team, accountability?
Start with Trump you partisan hack.
Not a country of outcomes?  Tell that to MUELLER who has hired nothing but left wing attorneys who have donated strictly to libs.
Hmmmm.....
Hey Senator Graham, on RINOS, you all need to go
It's Pence
Graham TALKS OUT OF BOTH SIDES OF HIS MOUTH. HE IS NOT A FRIEND TO THE PRES. SPONSORS A BILL TO PROTECT MUELLER - HIS SWAMP ACCOMPLICE!
We'll make it happen Lindsey!!!!!
You need to start acting like a Republican #MAGA 
The person that need s to be jailed is the guy riding around on the golf cart
So where is the investigation into Comey's FBI lying about the records on Clinton meeting with Lynch?  You're on the Judicial Committee.
You're on the Judiciary Committee.  So, why haven't you asked how out of control that stupid expensive Russia investigation has gotten?
Really Lindsey?  You're on the Judiciary Committee.  Where is the investigation?  Oh that's right...only if it's against our president.
Yeah.... trump!
They work right alongside you.
- START WITH ADMITTED LEAKER COMEY!! Prosecute him to the full extent of the law!! JAIL TIME!
- Lindsey, I don't agree with you very often because you say so many STUPID THINGS, but I agree 100% that ALL LEAKERS MUST GO TO JAIL!!
Like the Clintons
I'm sure they will Lindsey.
You should stop screwing with the Powers of the President! Traitor!
Corrupt Mueller was assigned under false pretense, has too many conflicts of interests and there was no crime to look into #witchhunt
Comey .
Hey Senator, the more you talk about Leakers , the more I know YOU AREN'T WORKING:(
Would you please volunteer to go to jail so we can have one less dissenter against Pres. Trump and his family/administration.
I pray SC votes this sad excuse Out of office...

Many obama admins&leftovers need to be prosecuted not just someone. So stop talking and do it.
SHAME ON YOU LINDSEY GRAHAM!
You talk big but its all hot air! Your not for right & fair! Your for your own agenda! Mueller is corrupt! HE has conflict of interest! Bias
He doesn't really give a f_ck.....!
I'll wager 10K of @MittRomney's money, or at least a dime to a doughnut the leak(s) originated from within a very, very small cabal in WH!
Did Graham get $800K from Russia?
Tangled web connects Russian oligarch money to GOP campaigns https://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/commentary/2017/08/03/tangled-web-connects-russian-oligarch-money-gop-campaigns … … … via @dallasnews
Why doesn't Mueller's  team of Clinton people concern Lindsey Graham? Is there a reason?
Do we know for sure he isn't a leaker? He's in the middle of it and always, YES ALWAYS plays the high and mighty when stuff comes out..hmm
Go to jail! I think they need a promotion.
What was the meeting like wherein you guys discussed all these talking points? Trump told you he leaked himself?
2. Now your being critical and insinuating he's a leaker, with no evidence, knock it off!! Trump is the prob, not Mueller 
Well, Mueller s/b the probe. Conflict of interest - Comey connection; Clinton supporter; built team of Clinton Donors t investigate Trump
1. Yeah, Trump the con and all his cronies do. Stop insulting Mueller too, he's not the leaker!! You guys all said how terrific he is...
Republicans need to go too!
What a genius!  How did ya come to that deduction?  Must be exhausted. Better take another vacation.
What is Lindsey's so afraid of? Trump might interfere with his power play and special deals to enrich himself. He needs to be investigated.
Donald, Don Jr., Ivanka, Jared, Flynn, Manafort, Bannon, Miller, Sessions, Tillerson, De Vos, Pruitt, Price would be a good start
No, these leakers are the real patriots exposing Trump plans for a GOP dictatorship - so sit down!
Me thinks someone will
The Trump network.
We need a President that doesn't lie, then the leaks would stop!!! Where is this Presidents integrity.
lies and not following the constitution are not leaks. They are deception and crimes. Does L want to protect criminals?
Once again, the leaks aren't the problem. The truth that's being reported (not leaked!) is what is important.
Trump is the problem not the leaks!
Can't believe I'm hearing this from you! Praise God..
First, GOP Congress needs to get behind @POTUS THEN talk abt leaks. Right now we're not sure Rs are any better than Ds. Maybe y'all leaked!
Trump. That's the point, genius
Lets start with you Mr. Graham for high treason
With Senators like u and McCain undermining POTUS and voter expections, u r inciting these leaks and agenda. Spare us the BS narrative
You better start the process Lindsey. Stop just talking.
Starting with you !
Where is investigation into this!!!
Yes.  How dare this happen to a sitting Prez!  Fix what Obama admin did to be able to unmask and share intel with 17 agenvied
What are you doing senator to protect americans from this leaking.  GET TO ROOT PF PROBLEM BY UNDOING WHAT OBAMA DID!!!
@LindsayGrahamSC is behind a bill that would protect #Mueller against being fired by our @POTUS . You tell me which side he's on? #Traitor
and its you Lindsey Graham, Impeach Lindsey Graham,Not Supporting @POTUS , 1% Lindsey wants to blame his election loss on Marauding Cossacks
Same for Bannon and Gorka to alternative fact media
I wouldn't Doubt that you were right in the big middle of it.
WHAT is being leaked is more important than WHO leaked it! The American people deserve to know wtf is going on!
I'll Say!!
-No, EVERYONE WHO LEAKED NEEDS TO GO TO JAIL! Start with admitted leaker, Comey!
Remember, we all put our pants on the same way, we all pass away, we all have a legacy whether good or bad left behind. I ? Yours & McCain.


"Chechnyan attacks against #LGBTQ community are terrifying.We can't turn our back on global #HumanRights atrocities" https://www.hrc.org/blog/five-horrific-testimonies-in-lgbt-networks-report-highlights-chechnyas-atro …
Mueller has 16 people on his Russia bogus-taxpayer $ burning investigation where 50% donated to Dems & other 50% no record of pol. donations
Left it off that by "accident" Mueller is Comey's BF and mentor - so much for integrity of an investigation, regardless how bogus it is
 c 
Protecting Mueller tells me you are nothing but a RINO, & for doing this,further leaks will prove you responsible.The Voters will remember.
You know what's going on here. You and @SenJohnMcCain  are deep state RINOS that would love to see @realDonaldTrump gone
Yeah, his name is Donald Trump
What r u going to do?  when  why are you waiting? If there was a reasonable and safe way to get justice the leaks would stop. do u get it?
Someone...maybe look in the mirror
Agreed!! You know exactly who: . @realDonaldTrump & his colluding team!
you claim to be a republican but clearly you are in bed with the democrats! How about working WITH our ELECTED president? Or Retire!
: Right Sen., once people start going to prison, Americans will understand the deep corruption! Let's move on this
Ya there is someone who needs to go to jail, HRC, RICE, LYNCH,COMEY ETC
There are many in the previous admin obviously  above the law and ppl are sick and tired of the double standard in this country
@LindseyGrahamSC could go to jail for how poorly he has represented those ofus in the great state of South Carolina.
And mueller needs to go.
You know Lindsey, u should review the special prosecutor provisions. #Mueller should have recused himself ages ago.
Is it true u took money from a russian oligarch. If u did makes u absolutely russian complicit. Graham that would be beyond wrong
It's time you start representing the Republican Party and not bending over to the Democrats.
Maybe someone should jail #bogus @LindseyGrahamSC. The voters in SC see you Linds. They see you. #VoteThemOut
Oh yeah, Lindsey? What are your thoughts about the leakers that exposed Flynn? I want to like you, but your lack of spine makes it tough.
Maybe we should call on special investigations for all you never Trumper's. We need to see what you guys are trying to hide.
It's a sad day when you go against your own party and stand behind Mueller who has nothing but conflicts of interest. I guess that's OK to u
He's an outsider who doesn't steal from the American people. That's why you all are resisting him because that's what you do. We want u out.
Just once I would like to hear you give him some credit. We know why you don't like him because he knows what all of you have been up to.
I'm one of millions that is so sick of you never Trump Republicans . The more you resist, you're showing us that you are not for America.
A warrant should be  issued for sen Lindsey Graham the charge stabbing POTUS in the back, coward
I'm not sure when you're up for reelection but I can assure you that we the American people who voted Trump well make sure you get voted out
Sometimes the guilty scream the loudest.
I do not feel that you have President Trump back, you should be protecting him and you should know that he had no collusion with Russia
Ya think!
no one is above the law in America senator? What about Obama, Clinton, Rice, Lynch, Comey, Holder, Brennan, McCabe
What Trump wants is what WE want. You are just standing in our way.
@LindseyGrahamSC  Why is Graham so hell bent on Protecting Mueller? Never mentions the 16 Hillary Puppets Mueller hired-Graham is anti Trump
impeach Lindsey (SWAMP THING) Graham,trying to Reverse an Election he lost. 1% Lindsey, STOP the @TEN_GOP @scgopvalues @SCGOP support @POTUS
Agreed! However, the media isn't clean on this. They need to be heald responsible for printing or televising confidential leaks.

We all know this is not going to happen how America is going to look in all the world America president in jail remember my words
