You can come up with much better than this Senator.
You need 60. The path is to fix Obamacare and change name to Ivankacare so he will be happy.
Maybe, with some serious bipartisan revisions.
Question Miss Senator Lindsey Graham, one queen to another, is your closet case status why you wanna kill people by ripping away healthcare?
Lindsey honey it's ok. We'll be fine with you in pumps & pearls just quit trying to take our healthcare. Come out come out....
Seriously. What is the point any more.
But ya didn't, awwwwww....
Senator the country is SCREAMING to work together and FIX Obamacare!!!!!
Your loss is We the People's win!  Thank you for creating such a lousy bill
He doesn't care. None (Republicans) of them do. I'm ashamed that I was EVER a republican
This tweet aged well.

And no, it won't happen, because next election, you'll be out of office.
HAHA.  You're such a loser!
But Graham-Cracker-Hellmans-Johnson would be a calamity and you already know this. Why cant you solve this problem humanely?
@kjohansson1920 @YouTube Out right repeal Ocare. No Ocare lite
Gurl, bye 
So get it done!

Keep dreaming you bought and paid for disgrace of a Senator
When people start losing health care because the GOP replaces the ACA with something much worse, then the real backlash will begin.
And that "When" is never.
Bahahaha
I shouldn't lose healthcare protections because of the state I live in. Equal protections for all Americans.
JUST LIKE YOUR TIME IN THE SENATE ,JUST A MATTER OF WHEN YOUR SORRY ASS IS GONE
Your bad bill died. Get over it and do something better.
Can you please do what's right in the mean time and fix ACA,#DoYourJob
It's "when" not "if" you will lose you senate seat, WHEN @realDonaldTrump is impeached #MuellerIsComing

#ImpeachTrump #resist #TakeAKnee
Horrible bii#ll!! Graham you should be ashamed of yourself!!
In your dry dreams. It will FAIL as anything moving forward with your name pinned to it shall.
Oh get over it and work in a bipartisan way to fix existing ACA.  It's the moral thing to do
I think every member of Congress who votes for this monstrosity should be required to go without healthcare. Do unto other. . .
Thank you for your efforts.  Many appreciate what you have & will do.
You sold your soul to the devil, aka Trump and wanted to kick 32 million to the curb. Say goodbye to your career! KARMA
Let it go, honey
If you work in a bipartisan manner you will get something passed. Kick Bernies for all to the curb though.
You can't deliver. Resign
Hahahaha
Uhhh NOT. Your bill is horrible and not passing....ever. Now get to work with democrats on fixing ACA probs and keeping those protections.
LET IT GO!
Rename it GrimAssidyHellfire.  That might work for you.,
Please do what y’all promised. Americans need it.
Why do you want to take health care from millions?
Huh?
And over 32 Million Citizens especially the elderly and disadvantaged are doomed.
Your best friend should be a power of example to you. A man with a conscious.
It's bad enough we have to deal w/ trump, Russia, Korea, racism, cop hatred, flags, protest. ENOUGH!
Isn't there enough insanity in Washington right now. Give us a break.
Let it go. Move on.
Really? How much more time are you going to go against the American people’s will? Go to regular order & work it out with the Dems.
Your kidney stone is passed, civilian.
You were once an honorable man and senator. You just destroyed that. Forever.
* hell freezes over.
first step give up congressional health benefits.  Why should we have to pay for You? Let your state do it.
Please. Spare us. The republicans seem hell bent on destroying the party and the country.
Sorry, but it's a bad bill. Not what Americans want. Pay attention to the people.
If your plan had public support it would have passed. Stop whining and come up with better ideas.
Yeah, keep trying to screw people out of health care.  #BERNIE2020
Failed
communism will win
Just give it up already. Geeeze!!!
@GOP @SenateMajLdr @IvankaTrump @SpeakerRyan you all need to be on the same healthcare  plan you propose for all of us....
GIVE IT UP!!!!! You lost. Again. Get over it. Move on.
When are you going to learn to work with people instead of against them. This st-sandwich has a 20% appro rating. Stop believing ur own lies
Trump was disappointed in the GOP senators for following their conscience instead of blindly following the party line. My, oh my...
Well, to be frank, "never" is a form of when.
No you're not
Are you daft?
It's a bad bill, and would bankrupt and kill millions.
You’re deranged
When will you do something to end congress's medical #socialism
w/ The Office of the Attending Physician & free medical at military bases.
Work with @PattyMurray and Senator Alexander.
I’m sure you will try to rob poor Americans if their healthcare until you are run out of the Senate, which I hope is soon!

Normal order!!!  Bipartisan!!!!!!!!
Nah...yer done, toast, nobody wants what you're serving. Get a damn clue, senator.
Stop trying to make this bill happen.
It's your blood lust.
NO.

65mil+ Americans will not let you do this.

EVER.
the only way you'll do it is to cheat or try to sneak it through against the will of the people.Lousy bunch of dirty tricksters. we see you.
Give it up little man.
For cryin out loud the American people request you STOP torturing us with this cynical idiocy. you don't seem to be able to hear us.
Sit down sir! Create something for the people, not for your benefit.
do it and you will get voted out!  Time for term limits and time you to resign! You like DT are Grifters
Give it up !!!   Fix the ACA !!!
that's a Shame it will hurt all the middle class . It also will stop ppl from starting small businesses. Sad
Eat them words Lindsey! 
What a waste of time that was.  #M4A
You and your disgraceful bill. Did you feel good having people in wheelchairs pulled down the halls?
Haha ha !! Not!!
Once upon a time there were two old white guys who said "let's take away healthcare!" but Americans said NO. The end.
Give it up Lindsey!! America does not want your plan! They want Obamacare!

Say it with me, No. N-O. Your constituents disagree.
Resign. Please.
Never
Sure.
The only reason the public SUPPOSEDLY likes keeping Obamacare is they ONLY hear lies from Shumer & LEFT pundits that are NOT rebutted enough

I'll take that bet
More people agree with me than you, Senator. And I'm nobody.
Nope. This is @LindseyGrahamSC and the @GOP selling their souls. Shame on all of them.
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @HouseGOP 
4 days left to get those Koch Donors comrades! More bribery? Some strong arming? POS!!!
HELL NO YOURE NOT GIVE UP. THERE WILL BE NO VOTE THIS WEEK SO YOU'LL NEED SIXTY VOTES. Not possible without bipartisan support.
Oh lord -NO. Do not pain our country so. I will never get the medical orgs to support or American people. Just fix ACA.
So, did you take #RussianRubles too? Cause I'd love to see you jailed with the prez and his cabal #GOPComplicit Could not care LESS abt Amer
#MedicareForAll
Give it up Graham
Rep. can't agree on shit
It's not about healthcare for you.  Evil!
Lol
uh huh.
Stop while you're behind
This is what, the 60th time the GOP tried to repeal it? Time for Ovaltine and bed.
#MAGA
You're drooling over the prospect of taking healthcare away from millions, aren't you? We will fight you again and again and again.
Just stop it @LindseyGrahamSC
You’re just saying that to appease the Koch Bros. right? You really don’t believe it do you?
NOOOOOO...........
What are you smoking?
Wtf is wrong with you???!!! Nobody wants,  needs, or can afford this to happen.  Work to fix healthcare... not take it away for tax cuts
You know it's not happening, right? We will march in the streets if needed. You see, this is a fight for our lives. #resist
It's a matter of you are a soulless demon LIAR who just can't get it through your damn head that no means NO! Bipartisan - WORK ACROSS THE AISLE.
LOL WRONG AGAIN
You must be smoking something man, and whatever it is I don't want none of it.
Sureeeee buddy, I didn't think mass genocide was legal....
Time for you to retire
Remember this Lindsey, we intend to repeal and replace you and as many of your cohorts as possible. Get out and work for a living, we do!
Move the ef on!
It's time to try a bipartisan solution
Also you will never go on medicare like I will have too. You will be well taken care of w your FREE taxpayer pd Health care after you retire
Sell your snake oil in some other country,  Senator.  #singlepayernow
No you aren't. You lost. Time to move on!
I will stand in your way.

Will you please STOP trying to harm Americans. Healthcare and now the #RipoffClause. JUST STOP
Now that sounds like a threat, Blanche.
You are on the path to a new day job... we hope
I really wish you'd stop threatening us. I can't believe I ever voted for you.
No you aren't.

OMG! Give it up. We will not forget what you tried to do. History won't either.
You’ll be voted out of office next chance we get because of this debacle. #Resign
Lindsay, more BS! The real question is when will you stop?
more double talk from the swamp get them all out
Shame on you, Lindsey. Why so determined to take health care away from poor people? Learn from your friend @SenJohnMcCain #KillGrahamCassidy
Adding more names to the bill doesn't make it any more humane
I heard of cancelled vote. Essential this mess gets fixed. Is there enough overall leadership I can’t say. But the problem will get worse
America not only told you know they told you HELL no!!
I always respected you but now you are in the same category as trump, loser in chief.
You must hate your constituents to try and pass garbage.  Taking away treatment from people. You sir, ma'am
Sorry dude. It's over. Work to fix the ACA please.
It was funny watching you trying to sell that dog that won't hunt. #GrahamCassidyPieceOfJunk
No.
Don’t hold your breath! You’ve got 2 senators not rerunning for office and probably 7 seats that will flip in 2018
Never
WTF are you talking about?
You are not listening to the people. Just like a politician. Your plan excludes too many. Work together and fix what is already there
You are an embarrassment to SC.This state will b turned blue in the next decade.Sorry we don't want a Sen that loves lobby money more thn us



You'll have to wait to strip millions of healthcare.  Bless your heart. It's tough being you, isn't it? So many to trample. So little time.
Dream on
Dream on.......
No you’re not.
Not holding my breath
Do some real work Senator eg work with Democrats to improve health care for all Americans
I hope your right senator
Get use to losing. The major Americans didnt want your agenda. Work with Dems. Your party is too extreme.they consider u swamp. Math imposs.
NEVER SO FORGET ABOUT IT YOU WILL NOW NEED 60 VOTES WHICH YOU WILL NEVER GET
How does your bill work across states? Can one buy and/or use a plan in another state?
Great job.  Keep at it until it's done
What part of bi-partisan fix do you not understand?
Remember the majority of Americans don't want you to do that
Oh Please http://stop.you  are throwing stuff at a wall. Slow the hell down and start working with Lamar Alexander
Now, you're sounding like DT! 
Why does this remind me of Baby Jane?
When will #USCongress send request for proposals to market? Let the #FreeMarket propose and bid on solution. #No2BigGov #No2GovRunHealthcare
Lies lies and more lies
We will meet you in protest at every go! Let  Americans buy into the insurance you have!   At the very least a public option.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Pass laws, or do away with current restrictions, so that ins co can sell across state line to increase compitition and then add into -------
--the new bill that same coverage policies cost the same for all people, sick-old-young-healthy then you might get more support for it. ---
Those who can least afford coverage should not have to pay more for it. If ins co can't afford to give their CEOs hugh bonuses -- too bad.--
Their bonuses every year are more than the common man's salary for  the whole year. Medical cost are out of control and increases ins cost.
Please Go Away
Senator, GIVE UP this crazy plan to keep trying to pass this HORRIBLE bill. What don't you get about the NO from your opposition?
yeah yeah yeah two face back stabbing traitor
The rest of you below are obviously not paying for your own healthcare. But rest assured, you will be. Storm's comin'
Didn't the American Revolution occur so people would have elected reps who LISTEN TO THEM?
Those of us in the individual unsubsidized market are the canaries in the coal mine

Drop this for now and insist on greater immediate help to Puerto Rico!
You will never repeal Obamacare. Medicare for all his next.
Gonna have to wait a while. That, or actually write legislation good enough to get 60 votes.
Isn't it hard to be on the path, when there isn't going to be a vote?
Blah blah, blah blah blah
Whatever you do, don't exempt yourselves. Congress should share in the same healthcare disaster you would foist upon the rest of us.
