@NovusStarman2 @oreillyfactor @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Political prostitutes!
Lindsey is fake news.  Out of touch
What about OUR interference in other countries elections Lindsey? What about that?
So you're cool with Russia interfering in US elections because what? karma?
Take your propaganda bs somewhere else. No one has proven they have.
"my propaganda" = the report done by 17 American intelligence agencies
We have heard ENOUGH from Lindsey...get a better guest
Because, Russian sabotage of our elections cannot be allowed to slide by thinking people.
Bill, when did you start interviewing CLOWNS?? Lindsey is a big JOKE
Graham is a weasel along with McCain and Rubio . watch them closely Mr President they are RhinoRats up to no good
Rated R for strong language and adult situations
saw the show last night in Tulsa. Outstanding! My regards to Miller Waters and you sir. Thank you all.
what a beautiful tag team. Please add Uncle @SenatorTimScott  the house man is ready.
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=bWbQM_AboZE …
Graham is a despicable weasel.
If he isn't against Trump, he is a fool. But funny how it is Trump's party now. Fools all.
His relationship???? Maybe his hate!
The American people believe @realDonaldTrump more than @LindseyGrahamSC who they view as a swamp creature
I never thought LG would have such a bitter attitude. Disappointed...
- Mr. Graham & Mr. McCain, you are guilty of thinking you had Trump and now acting innocent
lindsey why are you hanging out with two men who sexually assault and harass women?
WHY DONT YOU REPUBLICANS START STICKING UP FOR OUR NEW PRESIDENT.?? WE LOVE HIM 
I heard about you doggie. #DIPSET
let's talk about your relationships
Graham is a liar he and McCain gave the Russian propaganda to The FBI.  Graham is a Traitor
CONFIRM Tillerson. WE THE PEOPLE want him.
Graham does not seem to UNDERSTAND we need PUTIN to fight ISIS. He looked at U like ISIS??
hey Bill it's all over the news. Sounds like your following Roger's path with S harrasment
Seems gov't wants war for DNC, meanwhile it's guilty of interfering with Tea Party (IRS). Gov't favors DNC?
Graham big talk bunch of B.S. where was he & McCain prior Trump show power but know Putin
What about Ogolfer messing with Israel elections?  Stop with this Russia shit!
Graham is a huge douche please stop playing up to this ridiculous man or I'll stop watching
Graham is extremely smart.
Lindsey is just another crying WAH! Trump won whiner.  He loved Pants Suit and Bill dearly.
Shame on you @LindseyGrahamSC and #JohnMcCain! #TERMLIMITS!!
Pro-life? Close infant mortality gap (Cuba and Malta lower IMR...shame!) https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2016/10/161013103132.htm …
Graham & Mccain's purpose , always been to bring Trump down ,nothing will change,Antitrump
I would not trust anything @LindseyGrahamSC says he thinks u should do. He has no idea what the People want.
Graham said 80% will vote sanctions, my prediction, 80% have something to hide!
you don't have 
@realDonaldTrump best interest.  I bet you were 1 of those that hired that British t-bag
I wouldn't trust Graham if he said it was raining, he can't stand PE Trump. #MAGA
I hope we get to the truth and hold accountable those responsible! I don't trust Lindsay or MCCAIN!
Bill, don't u think L Graham has a point. how can u work with a mass murderer? Putin=scary!
Graham should avoid TV. He doesn't  know how to Hide GUILT@oreillyfactor @seanhannity @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump @SenJohnMcCain
such a war hawk and war monger, grab a weapon and fight the Russians yourself.Peace not war
The real question is... is Lindsey Graham gay?
I haven't watched CNN since the OJ Simpson days.  No joke!  #CNN #BoycottCNN #CIA #infowars #MAGA 
Lindsey needs 2work on his lying.Lie.Nose scratch.Lie.Nose scratch.I lost track of how many
I got the impression Lindsey wants a hot war with a country with lots of nuclear weapons. Need cooler heads.
did you say neocon or raccoon?
well done and well said about Russia-
KEEP FRIENDS CLOSE ENEMIES CLOSER GRAHAM NEEDS COMMON SENSE TO GET INFO FROM RUSSIA DJT KNOWS THIS
Intel saying "the Russians did it" isnt proof, I want to see documented proof! derr
@tedcruz. Ted ur getting ur reputation back don't let Lindsey destroy u
You are lying. Russia did not interfere with our elections. #fakenews #warmonger #rino
we don't want PEOTUS doing what you would do; that's why we voted for him not you
Russia hit dnc but warned by FBI, podesta idiot, Clinton weak server. Reap w sow, God uses evil for good!
Graham you ARE HAWKISH! Stop denying. For whatever reason Russia as enemy is your desire!
Lindsay Graham is a bad guy and a traitor like John McCain. War mongers. Hillary friends
globalists just like @BarackObama #NWO #oreillyfactor
We hate Lindsey Graham in South Carolina.  We despise him and want him to just SHUT UP!!!
You're a WAR MONGER Senator Graham.
Graham Liar on @oreillyfactor Notice him scratching his nose from epinephrine release!!!!
I think Lindsay Graham is Crazy!  He wants War!
Just pass law requiring people to buy health insurance as CA requires to buy car insurance.
When will @GOP start acting in the interest of the people and admit the POEOTUS IS UNFIT?
Isn't Graham & McCain still in Latvia & Lithuania selling weapons?
Did Lindsey Graham say perhaps he should watch Fox News? Clueless, he was truly clueless!
your own sex scandal, not so fake tho. Come clean if you can, if you dare.....
Totally enjoy your show, you are highly intelligent, insightful and cut to the chase with your guests.
Lindsey looked like he saw a ghost! Talk about BUSTED! He was shaking in his shoes!
the Russian Hack revealed corruption that's a service to the American people how is it harm
how have the American people been harmed by the truth?
@realDonaldTrumpI saw you on O'Reilly, Sir you are not the President we did not elected you even 4 primaries
we don't want war with Russia Lindsey
Graham totally lying he and McCain were dying for someone to get ahold of it always these 2
Mr. Graham: Is the Shepard at fault when asleep & Wolf eats his sheep? Pass O Buck 2 Trump?
I missed the part where he discussed their "relationship." I blinked, & you interrupted.
Lindsey Graham still harbors bad feelings towards Trump.
Dear Diary, Donnie and the Graham man are so over each other. #worsties
Lindsey graham is part of the problem. Go away already
and hold ethics to  a higher standard then what is currently being displayed in DC
relationship? For a dictator, bully, and ego the size of Africa. Graham needs to be tough
True patriot willing to put country before party.
Lindsey Graham doesn't represent conservative thought.  He is a failure and a fraud.
Your a punk". Put an L in front of your name" listening to U WW 3 would be coming your nuts
Lindsey Graham doesn't represent conservative thought and he will likely be defated
russia's been hacking us for years- where was LG & O then?
Anger isn't Smart, Russia isn't weak, Lt President Elect Trump handle Russia.We need no War
can't we fire graham?
Do You think we need to build up our Military before you push us into another War/Russia
Lindsey Lou is up 2 something. He was overwhelming giddy today.  Trump should not trust him
Yes! He & McLame hijacking Trump's right to deal w/ Putin His way! #WarHawks 
@oreillyfactor @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump
Graham embarrassed you tonight. Exposed your naïveté on Russia. Good job Lindsey!
lindsey your jealousy is showing
Lindsey is correct that we have to stand strong!
FUCK lindsay graham
Graham stop preaching 2 Trump, he tried once & lost. STOP-WAR-MONGERING-FAKE- NEWS. US=Russ
Not a hope of getting truth He an McCain rouges

Light leaked RPT
Lindsay Graham's Russian stance might be the way forward but President Trump needs nuance.
I agree!  Russia is not friends of the US. Never have and never will. Trump gets respect
ask Lindsey graham why they never defunded ACA. Why is obama and congress not on Obamacare
Senator the 80's called and want their Cold War back. #WarMonger
Graham correct and Tillerson confirmed, Putin will continue to play U.S. until he gets hit, no illusions, he is ruthless @oreillyfactor
Sorry @LindseyGrahamSC, politicians that haven't even tried 2 restore our Bill of Rights have no credibility
Obama wants war with Russia (oil) setting cry wolf hole for Graham & McCain to fall in 
Sorry,dont buy it. Dont trust LG for one min. There's something fishy. Why now? ur back
He is still pissed that DJT beat him. We need good relations with Russia.
How come "Songbird" McCain google that ,Lyndsey & Rubio weren't this BALLSY with Obama ?
Grahm still crying over getting beat.
If politicians didn't fear what they try to hide it wouldn't matter who hacked their email
Watch your back Trump!! Lindsey, McCain & Rubio are hiding in the shadows.
Bill Lindsay just showed America again that he along with McCain are warhawks!
Seth Rich leaked the DNC emails. http://theduran.com/julian-assange-hints-murdered-democratic-staffer-seth-rich-source-dnc-email-leak-not-russia-video/ …
Trump should never and I mean never turn his back on him or McCain
agree... snakes in house
Neocons were defeated. We don't want wars, regime changes. McCain needs to resign over what he did and hopefully Graham loses in '18.
Trump needs to have a rally for whoever challenges Lindsey in '18.
Hopefully he will. I think he was forced by the RNC to endorse McCain, I wish he endorsed Dr Ward, she was McCain's challenger.
Those Pesky Russians Did It.
I am ashamed Lindsay Graham is USAF and from S.C. call him McCain's Poodle Snarky
We do not want your opinion, leave it up to the New President and #maddogmattis
Totally DISAGREE !You. New kid in town doesn't go up to the school bully and threaten him
It's this crap that makes me question your intelligence, Bill.
TIME TO HAVE @realDonaldTrump BACK. DON'T EVER THROW HIM UNDER THE BUS.
LINDSEY GRAHAM.. NEWS FLASH AGAIN.. YOU ARE NOT THE PRESIDENT.
@tempteststorm2 Graham is an idiot. Focus on Iran, China. McCain & Lyndsey need to go.
Graham is war mongering scum. If he and McCain could start a war in their backyards they would. Morons want WWIII.
hey someone stepped on Lindsey Graham

Graham.. news flash. YOU MISCALCULATED TRUMP.  GO AWAY NOW.
There is a new Sheriff in town, thank goodness it is not YOU! You are not the new President
Lindsey is the very LAST person to tell Trump what to do & how to do it.
easy discussion. Answer is NONE
Graham make the move to the other side you're no Republican take McCain with you!

You just want damn war Lindsay.. Trump is right.  YOU ARE NOT.
The worst Senate advisor around! I hope he fails for re-election!

Watching, we do not care what you prefer Graham you are a #traitor along with your #buddy
I'll pass on golden boy. Waiting for the golden showers video instead.
this should be interesting........
you're brave, going into the trump news network (formerly known as FOX)
ask the tool about his relationship with supporting personal Liberty
Ask if he uses tic tac's
WHY didn't YOU tell @realDonaldTrump ??
We are VERY DISAPPOINTED.
#karmaIsABitch
Lindsey, your best friend John McCain handed it over to be published!
McCain pathetic attempt 2 get back at Trump over the "not a hero" dig

not good
Trump=broad side of a barn. I mean, really? You have to ask?
he's an attention whore. Stop feeding into it
Lindsey needs to slither back to his HOLE
Planning to resign? Or congress remove him? Have no interest in watching an oxygen thief
Haha  
don't waste precious airtime on that traitor
Graham is a undocumented Democrat rino establishment hack,
what relationship? Traitor.
two wisee asses - i say that affectionately 
It should be the shortest "Factor" segment in history.
who cares
oh my
Keep fighting the good fight Lindsey!! It is appreciated!
A precarious relationship.
Oh, so I guess now their buddies right. Lindsey has alot to learn about politics!
who cares!!!
Lindsay graham is a phony
He is so in love with himself...... Hard to listen to let alone take seriously
I hope you will be nice to Senator Graham he is one of my favorite people.
Graham needs to retire, #has been
Mr. O' please ask Sen. Graham to stop acting like a distraught 1% candidate.
We don't trust him. Or @SenJohnMcCain .
Grahamnesty needs to fess up to being a Progressive/Liberal/Democrat & resign.
