So why are you allowing efforts to tear it down. Americans need healthcare and Republicans have nothing! Build a real plan. @MSNBC
Obamacare is the reason I have insurance and can afford my medication. My life would be a disaster without it. #realsouthcarolinian
Dude, you are occasionally awesome, BUT THIS IS NOT ONE OF THOSE TIMES. Walk back this Obamacare shit asap. Republicans have nothing close.
GOPers ruined AHA and you know it. You refused to repair it for 7 years. Party before country used to be beneath you.
No the GOP is collapsing before our eyes. The greed is astonishing. Screw the poor let the rich have more
Senator Graham explain reason for not calling for Trump's taxes They could explain so much Could prove or disprove so much Afraid of info?
Looks like Trumpcare is much worse. U should have worked to improve the ACA.
Obamacare is not a disaster to the 20 million Americans who now have healthcare.  GOP can save it or destroy it.  Make the adjustments.
Using- tword 'collapse' makes southerners think fires- civil war + Gen.Sherman burning all the way (ATL) -(they) never forget-embarassed
Come the next elections you and your GOP buddies will know that we all know who is responsible for Obamacare collapsing
Yeah, because you sabotaged it and you know it.
Where?  Yours is no better.
The CBO says 23 million will be left uninsured.  You know this and you're lying,
You are a disaster and an embarrassment to your constituents!
The ACA saved my life, it's not a disaster, and we should fight to keep it!
How do you feel about #TermLimits and being the #LiarInChief lap dog?
#RESISTANCE
from AARP: 8 Ways the Republican Health Care Bill Is Hazardous to Your Health

No, not really. Every day brings fresh evidence that the America people don't want to you kill it.
Haven't you heard? When you purposely stick a knife in something it dies...
No, GOP has failed Americans...your healthcare is horribly shameful
Because you have undermined it-losers
The @GOP has been on a self-fulfilling prophecy 2 destroy the #ACA since it passed. If U would drop the partisan BS U could fix the problems
Maybe it's collapsing because the Republicans opposed obstructed at every turn Could have worked with Dems to improve Could have funded
Every Day brings fresh news that the president and the GOP pushing it to collapse by not funding it the way they supposed to be.

You are lying. We the majority like it and are asking for some refinement
The only "disasters" are selfish conservatives.
I think we smell Cheetos on your breath.
Trump is a disaster.  He is collapsing before our very eyes. Repeal and Replace.
No.its not Obama care. It's our country collapsing right before our eyes. The truth will set you free
your boy AG Sessions is a disaster and every day brings fresh evidence that he lied under oath or to FBI. America collapsing before our eyes
because you're doing nothing to save it - of course it's going to collapse. That is your plan all along.
And continues to prove to be better than your plan. That's not saying much about the work you've done to date.  We all await leadership!
Russia has single payer healthcare.  Are we gonna switch to that now that we're a territory?
Perpetrated by the president and the GOP.  We're not the morons you hoped for Me. Graham.
Not so.
Your party is the disaster and so is  #45.
that is because you and your droogs are sabotaging it. Wow, you really don't think that we all see this fact?  THIS IS YOUR FAILURE. FIX IT.
YOU are a disaster. The #Rethuglican Party is a disaster. There are no food stamps in the Heaven you're bound for. And no food either. @GOP
Fix it, work w/Democrats. Your health care  version leaves all but the young, healthy and wealthy behind.
Fix whatever needs adjusted with Obamacare and move on to some other pressing need...like getting rid of Trump!

News:

The CEO of Blue Cross NC tells me flat out that Trump and GOP Congress are why premiums will soar: 

…
I think you're referring to the GOP not Obamacare

Must-watch. @JoeNBC rips into Republicans: "Why do the Republicans keep looking into cameras and lie?" 
You did it
Mr Graham could you please focus on fixing the problem instead of working on millionaire tax cuts?
Gianfort is now the poster boy of the Republican party as they choke slam America to death.
- No Lindsey, You are a disaster and every day brings fresh evidence that it is happening before our very eyes.
So *do* something to stop this madness!
stop sabotaging it!!!!
What do you expect when ppl are destabilising it the republicans want it to fail let's not beat around the bush
Your POTUS is a disaster have you seen how he has humiliated the US in Europe enough now remove this speaking from the UK !
Lindsay just upset that putin prefers trump or mcconnell to him
We The People are sick of you paying us lip service.  You are allowing Christian fascism.  @GOP will go down in history as TRAITORS.




And in the Senate too
you gloat about the havoc you actively cause. Your mother would be EXTREMELY disappointed in you. #shame #DCisBroken
Sabotaged by your own party of hate.
Fuck you, lazy graham!
Couldn't be that pesky insurance thing you GOP want to keep in the loop since you take money from them.  They wouldn't lie to break ACA. 
86% of Americans support the ACA when it isn't "branded" as "Obamacare". But you're from the south, you know that. #ColoredPresident #Racism
Ah, see there u go again Lindsey. Slipping back to old GOP lies.
Only because GOP sabotaged... its not GOP vs Dems.., it is about sick people
You caused it. Fix it and Fix the Trump situation. You broke both. Be accountable.
You know better. #shame
@gop still had the opportunity to work w Dems to fix it. Instead u choose to destroy it. Amer ppl deserve better than #corruptGOP
Perhaps it's a disaster because the GOP has been quietly trying to sabotage it for years.
Lindsey, you and the rest of GOP ensured the ACA would be a failure. 
Shut your damn mouth, liar
@LindseyGrahamSC because you made it collapse
You are a disaster
Seriously...smh...
stop it Graham.  You're a phony. Stop trump or you're complicit in this mess !!!
obama care  put over  25 million who  could not  get  traditional  health care.
GOP sabotaged ACA in very beg refusing 2 allow Public Option(Lieberman ownd by Insur co.s) & congress/t.rump now defundg-u r causing-We C U
For such a smart and patriotic guy, saying things like this make you seem like a partisan hack.
Liar.
Don't you mean "every day we, the GOP, bring fresh roadblocks upon the ACA to facilitate its downfall."?
You GOP make me sick with your lies
Children like mine will die or be institutionalize if #AHCA passes
'At just 8 years old, she is the strongest human being I know' — this mother wants to protect her daughter from Trumpcare 
Oh, honey, God bless your pointed head.  Try and deflect all you like, but the ship is going down. Sink or swim - the choice is yours.
You work for the PEOPLE, not the Kochs and not Donald goddamned "treason tour" Trump. Start doing your sorn duty to the people or go down.
You can't break something and then say, "See? I told you it would break!" We see you.
You are causing the collapse. Please treat your constituents better than this.
It's Romneycare which you refused to support and make the necessary changes to succeed. Shame on the GOP!
No - we are watching the GOP go into a death spiral!
It's also been a lifeline for many families. Fix it. That's your job And start by asking why drugs and health ins is so expensive Hi Profits
Trumpcare and Trump's budget are brutal with cruel cuts to programs that benefit the nation’s most vulnerable communities.
Stop lying...just quit it!!
Because you have systematically destroyed it.
Thanks to you and your cronies. Try to blame it on President Obama, but you did this. U try and play a nice game but u are no patriot, sir.
No Lindsey, the Republican lead Congress is a disaster.  Instead of trying to work with the other side for 6 years, you whined. It's all you
Just know, sir, that we see you for what and who you are - and we see your lies and sabotage of the ACA. Your time is running out.
There are those who believe whatever you say. The rest of us will save the nation from your unbridled ambition. You're welcome.
Hey bud, tell that to people covered for pre-existing conditions. Or to a 25-year-old who got chemo b/c ACA let her stay on parents' HI
please provide data on your talking points plus campaign contributions from pharma, etc.
Height of cynsism: GOP abet/create/usher in collapse, and then assert: "see! doesn't work!" Shame on you!
Maybe if South Carolina had accepted the Medicare Expansion funds, and worked WITH President Obama, that would be different!
Amend and repair!!!! Enough is enough. The GOP slimy putin paid puppet traitors are destroying this country. We are smarter than 45s base!
And your solution is to further collapse it to the point that millions lose insurance and cancer survivors are denied coverage?
Take the power back from the insurance companies and back into the hands of the consumers.  Open the competition across states!
You're a fraud.
Why you keep saying that when it is not true. I had lots of respect for you but you changed for the worst.
because the GOP is causing insurance companies to bail you twisted creep
Lead the change one improvement at a time and stop trying to repeal the entire plan:  Start with opening up competition across state lines.
Please.  We're not as stupid as your supporters..
In light of the GOP's replacement plan, I'd say you have an odd definition of "disaster."
ObamaCare has been great for the children of South Carolina.... now many children get basic health, dental and mental health care
Because congress isn't holding up its bargain
Because you and your Republican colleagues are sabotaging the ACA.
You can pull that on those "uneducated " that Chump loves so much, but the rest of us know how the GOP sabotaged the ACA. Nice try.
Shame on you lindsey graham. Your party sold our country to the russians. I hope your ilk wind up in prison for the rest of your lives.
Because you refused to fund it to the insurers! please don't play us for stupid!
20 mill more ppl with healthcare is NOT a disaster! If you guys wld have bn willin to help MORE, MORE ppl cld have been cvrd  SHAME ON YOU!
.Thats like me cutting out the support posts for my porch roof then acting surprised when it falls. @GOP  made it happen. Sabotaged it.
Does someone see his 'legacy' tarnishing before his very eyes?
KARMA, MR. CRACKER IS A BITCH (SLAP). JUST ASK STUMP!
But here's the thing dude, you knew that. Why aren't you working to make it better?  That's your job. I adore u, now do your job!
Sure dude. Americans know exactly what Donald & the @gop are doing to sabotage the #ACA. We aren't all as stupid as the President.
From the school of " this is our lie and we're sticking 2 it."
You all don't seem to have any better ideas.
You know, we know what the GOP did. Sabotage is ugly. Americans will die because of your actions.
So why don't you & your cohorts do something about it. If it's hurting America & your waiting for it to collapse you're to blame also
Maybe if you & ur fellow shitheads in the GOP hadn't done everything in ur power to obstruct & sabotage it wld work a little better
It's a disaster BECAUSE YOU MADE IT THAT WAY. YOU KNOW THIS.
Just as you and @GOP planned all along. We see you.
Then what are you waiting for get rid of it
Graham says "I PROMISE YOU. The GOP is working as fast as we can to collapse Obamacare"
For eight years, Republicans have complained about the ACA.  Yet you've accomplished nothing to make this better.  Do your job.
Keep your wits about you. You're almost human
Neglect and sabotage will do that. #doyourjob #ProtectOurCare
Then fix it!  How about a public option!
No, that would be the Republican Party.
So is the GOP plan to replace one "disaster" with another disaster?  Come on Senator Graham!
Thks to ongoing Saboteur like all republicans
Everyday shows how GOP sabotaged ACA to kick people to the uninsured health curb.
Then FIX it !
You and your entire party are the disaster collapsing before our very eyes.
The only problem with the ACA is conservatives' attempt to derail it. It is a success story. This is your version of the welfare queen.
Stealing healthcare from 23MILLION people is a crime !!!!
It is called the Affordable Care Act. Allow interstate insurance competition. Be a man who is part of the fix and work towards the middle.
Anything that helps humans live, cannot be labeled a disaster. Now you can say, "the ACA is disastrous to our massive TAX CUT" - That works
Expanding Medicaid would help protect premium pricing, but you already know that.  ACA
Trump is making it collapse instead of moving forward and improving it because of his ego. You know it.
Has the GOP done anything to help improve it?
So fix it and stop supporting ridiculously unfair Trumpcare bill. I expect better from you
Your party is responsible for some of it by withdrawing subsidies! You're hurting/killing people. Find it until it's replaced!! Duh!!
You are a disgrace to your office, your state, your country and your God! You will be judged and Karma is a #nastywoman
And yet you've been trying to replace it with something worse in your haste to remove Obama's legacy. We expect better!
Yes, and the solution is to take away health insurance from 23 million people?
One cause is the lack of confidence insurers have due to GOP meddling -registered SC voter #DoYourJob
Then fix it!. Stop all this nonsense and pass legislation to help Americans. The house bill is a disaster and the Senate hasn't helped
You try swimming with the GOP standing on your neck. Telling all ya all this is sabotage!
The GOP and administration are sabotaging Obamacare. We see u. And we will remember in 2018. You r willing to kill Americans for tax cuts.
Taking a cue from the GOP for my business: complaining about my competitors for 7 years, then not having a better idea.
You sound more and more like the @POTUS. Remember, you once referred to him by saying "my party has gone batshit crazy" in supporting him.
Please do not contribute to the political divide with statements like this.  Last thing we need now.
Only if "collapsing" means Republicans strangling it with their bare hands!
Did @realDonaldTrump  hack your account?
Thing y'all can do to replace it shows how cruel.and heartless Republicans as a group really are..and it's no shame...
Y'all really prove that repealing the ACA is nothing but trying to taint Obama's legacy..at this point, what else could it be? Trying every
The Trump Administration is a disaster and everyday brings fresh evidence that it is collapsing before our very eyes.
What happened to selling insurance across state lines to give more choice? My guess? Insurance companies dont like it so it's gone right?
COUNTRY NOT PARTY.
STOP LYING.
Y'all have had 4 yrs to come up with something better; what's the problem?
