A reporter asked Trump if Nazis and those who fought them were on the same moral plane, he said "I'm not putting anyone on a moral plane."
From a Texan democrat, and the daughter of a 30 year AF PILOT, who died from agent orange, I'm so proud of you.
So sorry to hear about your dad. We'd love to honor him through our #InMemory program: http://bit.ly/2cRsrfO 
thank you so much for the kind words. I would love for my father to be memorialized.
PETTY  @realDonaldTrump goes after Lindsey Graham in new tweets http://on.msnbc.com/2v4loHK "@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCaln @SenateMajLdr
Taking a little money for favors are you @LindseyGrahamSC
We are there in July with a 40 person genealogy group chasing our ancestors! Wonderful meal, gracious hosts! Friendly town. 
Did you get to visit the small town of Lando?

Yes it is
You need to be supporting Trump not joining CNN and Pelosi, Schumer. Get over losing to Trump and get over being an establishment RINO.
Lindsey I respect you but HOW many times will trump have to hang himself and embarrass the USA before Congress & Senate replace him? #POTUS

https://youtu.be/L50JyrbK_R0 
Looks like someplace you should avoid for health reasons!
They should Refuse Service! You Have...
2020 can not get here fast enough clown. You open border Globalist!
It's not working, your leader is a bigot. Which in turn makes you a bigot because you follow his lead.
When will u stand up for this country and denounce Trump?  He is tearing this country apart, encouraging division
Lindsey...after lunch, could you do something about trump.
..thank you.
Lindsey in SC what a fine day for a retaliation
@realDonaldTrump won't @ you .. let us know your thoughts from his morning(8/17) tweets ..
A terrific family business probably struggling with high taxes...
I want some of this home cooked southern food!
This is nice . But, How many Senators  have you  got  to  Sign the Parents Rights Bill to Amend it  to The Constitution?

RINOs McCain & Rubio got reelected then join the opposition.   Hey South Carolina! Don't let Graham pull the wool over your eyes in '18
ME WANT!
I'm just going to leave this here, I doubt it has anything to do with Linseeds strings, but you never know...
Senator Graham has spent his vacation working daily and listening to his constituents.  Fantastic job Senator Graham.
stop eating meat and get rid of that sick dog you unleashed upon the white house, the country, and the world Lindsey.
Do you really think he cares about dividing the nation?  It is his calling.  #NAZiTRUMP #NaziPresident #ImpeachTrump
Working again? This us what your strong suit is. Mooching.
You think you are in Exec. branch, not legislative. You stink in both areas. Nobody cares. Do you ever challenge Dems or just Presidents?
This is typical site for you. No crowd. Free meal. GOP cannot govern. People like you, McCain, Collins, Murkowski. People support Trump!
When running for Pres. you never drew 100 people. Trump fills stadiums 8 months after election. Monticello and Mt Vernon next? Slave owners!
Is America better off today then before Trump? List is long with his accomplishments. What have you done? Support? No. Senate weakest body.
DO THE RIGHT THING! STAND UP FOR OUR COUNTRY! THROW THAT FASCIST OUT, AS OUR TROOPS DID HITLER! DON'T SPIT ON THEIR GRAVES BY DOING NOTHING!

Hi @GOP! We don't want you to apologize for the #altright. We want you to start hitting Antifa. #Charlottesville https://www.pscp.tv/w/bGMwZDUzMzM2OTR8MXpxSlZSVlZucnBKQqVoVXgQch45Q24QoqbTu3Mx2o3V9MZ4ozl2yUhOhTTp …
My dad's aunt lived in that house growing up!!! Their food is delish  #SMITTEN
Will Jared and Ivanka resign by the end of the week?
Relax folks. In 50 years we'll all be speaking abbreviated twitter speak.
If you're not calling out @realDonaldTrump by name for his statements then you are not the gentlemen I thought you were.
Don't eat too fast. You might choke and find no one knows the Heimlich maneuver.
These wounded little boys are stockpiling weapons. I have a daughter, Senator. What are you going to do?
And Donald Trump, a person you know is unfit, is in charge of an arsenal of over 7,000 nukes. But, have a nice meal. It may be your last.
Please do something about our mentally ill president.  He is going to incite a civil war.  Country before party.
We kind of need you to stop Trump and save the Nation WTH is going on ??
@StephenAtHome Many sides!!
Good God man! Could you focus for 5 minutes on the fact that there are Nazi sympathizers and actual self declare Nazis in the white house?
No. 
I'm going to say the people that carry swastika flags are the Nazis.
#RINO #PartofTheSwamp
I totally agree with you. 
Just a RINO!
Do something about POTUS. He will kill the Party if you do not.
Southern fried chicken, and a small family business, the recipe for success. I can recommend both.
That's nice but it'll be a long time before I'm tempted to visit the South.  What a shame.
Lindsey - wake up. America is falling apart.
That fried chicken looks amazing!  Enjoy yourself (and then get a nap)!
So now the entire #GOP is going to just post random shit with their fingers crossed, eyes closed and hope that their leader isn't a bigot?
Nice to see a SC small business shout out
Disappointed in you!

Love the Front Porch.
Promoting small businesses. I like it 
Now you're talking meathead. What a clown.
Glad you're enjoying your recess Lindsey! Millions of Americans can't afford to eat because they have to pay for ObamaCare, unlike YOU! smh
Nothing to see here folks.  There are no #NazisIntheUSA and @POTUS is just fine.
Free meal huh
Meat and three sounds tasty
Be sure and get that vote
Important, timely.  Also nice that Trump draws @GOP criticism, but none of you ever withdraw your support entirely.
I'll show you a meat & two, cowboy.
Eaten there several times 
What are you doing? What is more important than putting out the dumpster fire at the White House?! How can you eat at a time like this??
