You should really start another investigation into the software companies that could have been compromised by Russians. Democracy in crisis
An investigation requires evidence.
Any good investigator gathers his evidence. Nobody blabs to the public every time they find a new piece.
If you see enough red flags you should conduct an investigation to gather enough evidence to prosecute. There is a sea of Red Flags
Ok. So what are the "red flags"? I ask again what is the nature your 30 years of government experience?
If you can't see the red flags literally everywhere, maybe Fox News is blocking your view.
Let's assume i am a fool.please point out the "red flags", with explaination of them.
I don't have time to educate fools.  If you can't see the 60+ red flags, you should get off twitter and look shit up
RINO's have no room to talk
And Graham and the rest of Congress who've done NOTHING on his agenda need to keep their promises as Trump is!
They haven't done anything g in the last 8 yrs.

Run the country in the hole.
Jihad...
Yes, we know Obama ran our country into the hole. Why do you think Trump is President 
It's odd the haters are so vile and loathing hate.
Though they will benefit from this administration. Some are too infantile to see benefits
Yes Lindsay, who was the leakers John McCain or you.....
Someone told you...
Turn them over....
When we complete this investigation...on not even a President
Previous admin. Landmines to derail
#46
He needs to testify under oath. Tired of our president lying daily. We don't respect him, don't trust him at all. He needs integrity.
Y'all really sound pathetic. Poor Trump doesn't understand between right n wrong. He is a horrible President.
Lindsey - does Trump act like an innocent man?
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #COMPROMISEDPRESIDENCY #IMPEACH
Graham a racist first of all his head so far up trumps ass comes on fox news and makes a statement good day for president wow
Or just resign and save everyone time
Still trying to tear away #Comey's legitimacy & mollify #POTUS's actions while ignoring the facts & implications of the actual act? #enabler
Russia's  NOT the focus but leakers.
How many elections did Hillary and Obama interfere?
Egypt.France etc.
Lindsey Graham is a coward and defending the interest of Vladimir Putin and Russia.
@FoxNews please do something about @SpecialistsFNC ... @ericbolling is fantastic! But I can't watch Kat. She's out off her element.
she is obnoxious
I love Kat. Definitely a different drummer. But unique perspective
Her immaturity is blaring. Better served on the high school debate team.
love how senator sends messages to the prez through cable tv. Easiest way to influence? #TrumpRussia #impeach45
He's EGO will not let him!
Trump does not need failure Graham's advice. Retire
He's not gonna be cleared.
All leaked info must be cleared by doj spokesperson of the head of a particular committee head .
Third time a hefty fine this should apply to all news outlets .this way they can't report uncorroborated news .
Pass legislation if you want leaks and fake news to stop ,pass legislation fine them warning first time,second time fine ,
The Washington post and nytimes have been printing fake news. Today hearing the article from WP . Rosenstein wasn't appointed in March
Thank you for these comments. Going from private citizen to Pres. all at once has a steep learning curve. Bloodthirsty sharks are at his ft.
Graham just heard your going to retreat hosted by Mitt Romney along with Paul Ryan, John MCCain and Joe Biden is the guest speaker?#crooks
The good people of SC have to defeat this RINO in the next GPO Primary. They need a leader who doesn't play both sides from the middle!
I guess He got to them because they refused to answer the questions today about the President's obstruction but they wouldn't say he didn't!
What are you worried about? Let him continue to do what he's doing and let the chips fall where they may. Why are you trying to protect him?
Ahhh, Senator Graham, your optimism is refreshing albeit naïve.
If it's done honestly this investigation is going to dredge all the dirt from the bottom of the swamp. Trump included.
Oh geez the Senate Drama Queen strikes again.
Your interviews model Patriotism and Diplomacy in supporting the President, yet using intelligent critique in the country's best interest.
If you have to tell Trump that then he shouldn't be president.
Clear him?  He is so stinking guilty.
Seems like sage advice. Just one problem though.
What about the ones that implicate him?
Again - assuming the outcome before investigation is over.  Party before country - disgraceful
Might clear you.
Great interview.I liked your acknowledgement about the election, President Trump "whooped me" congratulations to the winner. Your a leader
Just when I think you are going to choose country over party, you choose party
~ Fresh Roles ~
No FBI experience? Road sign: Wray sharp novelty views ahead, like a tourist who knows your hometown better than you do.
Hey Pilot, what kind of vitamins you been taking? You're looking young and healthy. Maybe you can help President Trump with health advice.
You really think treasonous trump is gonna listen to you?
He KNOWS investigations won't clear him. That's why he's trying so hard to obstruct them! #GOP must put Country before Party! #ImpeachTrump
If only he could here something besides the voices in his head
Really excellent advice. I've always liked you. You are the President's friend. Thank you!
"Help us help you"?  For Christ's sake, do you not see something deeply wrong with the fact that you must say this to the POTUS????  Act!
You need to look tor your balls! Used to have a pair, guess they receded
Truth! President Trump should listen to that good advice!
anyone else see that these people will turn against their very own  beloved long serving respected leaders the moment they criticize 45? 
Can't even get a WASHINGTON LAWYER!  No one trusts you!
Trump attempts to obstruct investigation.
Please do not vote for trump are. We don't need to let trump do anything. Impeach this incompetent traitor.
Just shut up
Should really do your jobs first before telling everyone else how to do theirs! You're a freaking joke man! Go golf with John McCain..
you have already made a decision clearing the President though investigation is ongoing?  How can you objectively review if decided already?
He's showing his/your people he's not afraid of nuclear shame. He'll do as much as he can until stopped. His people have nothing to lose
replacement for you. You'd sacrifice your own child to get ahead. You r no supporter of the constitution or the American people.
Maybe you shpuld listen to the news #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
He won't be able to resist. You watch.
Which investigation @LindseyGrahamSC ?
The #TrumpRussiaInvestigation HOAX or the other one u & McCain are named involving treason?
Graham, you need to listen to the people, ponder why U had such a dismal, pathetic showing in the Pres race & support POTUS.
The President is sick of all of You defaming his character in obstructing him while he's trying to do his job get this garbage dine
Yep when them dems get what they been trying to put on mr trump they will all have to go home with there tail up there ass
@potus wouldn't get in the way of an investigation that could actually clear him
Don't worry, he hasn't interfered with any investigation... that could clear him.
Lindsey Graham for President?
OR NOT CLEAR YOU!! Question is: what's the Republican Party going to say/do if he's not cleared???
Do your damn job and quit crying about trump.
You need to shut up @LindseyGrahamSC
Translation: stop tweeting.  Please stop tweeting
Please talk to Pres privately if you have criticisms, and please get Ocare repealed.    Tired of RHINOS!
Thank you Sen.Graham for supporting our President.will stand with you if you stand with our President.God Bless You! God Bless America! 
Lindsey, during campaign obvious coordination w/Russia. Congress needs to act to have process to deal with illegit elelection in future.
Why are you hoping he stays in office? Do you honestly believe he isn't hurting the country?
hey Lindsey baby, zip it!
Let him get impeached
U need to listen to the ppl who elected the president, not the democrats who called for a special counsel from day one. Rhino
The House of our Government is ON FIRE.
Now is the time for action, not ineffectual pandering, groveling and obstruction.
DO YOUR JOB
@LindseyGrahamSC you know the FBI probe will not clear BLOTUS. I wonder if you're also compromised by the Russians 
Great advice Senator! You were awesome today!
Can't understand this guy,sometimes he sounds like a snowflake.
It's about time.....stand up for country over party. Impeach!
Lindsay Graham admits to incidental surveillance, he's on tape too. He wouldn't be trying so hard to shut them up if it could clear him.
The tides are turning in favor of the Trump Team; America is fed up with DemObstructionist & will vote them out the next election.!!!!!!!(7)
How does one get cleared on a hoax?
Do you know who your boss is , let me remind you sir , it's President Donald J. Trump   MAGA
You have never read the Constitution have you?
It could very well clear him. It also could very well not clear him .
Graham is an embarrishment to SC and the Republican party.
you just guaranteed he will not.
"that can clear you?" There's no way he'll be cleared an any investigation. By using these weasel words you are attempting to help Him. WHY?
Benghazi!!! You're a traitor Lindsey
love how y'all have to squirm and give advice to ol Trumpy boy
U want 2 B TV Star step the hell down from Senate.We R not going2 hear Ur lies come elect time.Get Bhind President
Please @POTUS listen. We need you to rise above the fray and #MAGA. Let the process clear you.
Clear him...or perhaps destroy him.
Oh, Lindsey. For real.
Wow sure is a lot of money, time and investigations going on for something that didn't happen...nothing to see here behind our curtains.
So sick and tired of you and McCain.  You two need to get the hell out of the way and quit selling out your party.  You too, Ryan. Pathetic!
to the world, there is no doubt Trump is corrupt
Get off the TV and go push the Trump agenda, like we voted for.  You are betraying the voters, over and over again!!
Lindsay you are dreaming he will not be cleared may take some time but he is corrupt and YOU know it
The American people--at least Conservatives--whant ACTION! Stick up for our President, you sellout!!
Even if it won't.
Don't worry Lindsey, Donnie won't be cleared, he'll be schmeared...
Hahahaha!  This is rich!
@LindsayGrahamSC you need to listen to voters and pass health care. Your on defense here; put the offense on the field.
It's none of your business Lindsey . Work on taxes and healthcare and shhhh.
Leave him alone he's doing fine
He's not listening n he won't be cleared. Don't waste your breath, he's the president n you are a peon so he's not listening, he's  tweeting
Trump won't listen.Trump has a long history of not following the law and then having his lawyers clean it up. His choice will be to resign.
Hope and pray POTUS heeds your sage advice.
You called the @POTUS all kind of derogatory things durning campaign. Now you're 100% by his side. Fight for party not your country. Loser!
Lindsey Graham is now on Fox News payroll, it could happen.
Graham and all RHINOS AMERICAN'S WILL VOTE YOU OUT IF YOU DON'T STAND UP FOR OUR PRESIDENT IN 2018. LIBERALS AND RHINOS ARE SABATOGING HIM.
You full well know this investigation is NOT going to clear Trump.
Not if he's guilty!  If he is innocent, he should welcome every opportunity to clear his name.  But he doesn't and he isn't...
@LindseyGrahamSC
I care nothing for UR politics or policy. But U KNOW trump is doing harm WELL BEYOND partisanship to our countryPLS StandUp
Lmao you just keep one foot on each side every time @LindseyGrahamSC  ffs
Would you tolerate this behavior from a Democratic president, Senator?
Yea! He did for 8 years numbnuts..
Nope.
Srsly, what are the odds that Donny will 1) listen to his lawyers or b) be cleared by a real investigation?
You believe he can be cleared?   He is killing our country and our relationships with Allies.   STOP NOW.
A man who has nothing to hide doesn't take the 5th  #Flynn TurkeyAgent worked #TrumpTowerIstanbul deal, he's the first domino to impeachment
Therein lies the rub...
I forgot. The @GOP is being investigated, too. Did your campaign take dirty Russian money??
He won't be cleared UNLESS you and your cronies have decided 2 IGNORE evidence and 'clear him' anyway! Russian Agents in TrumpAdmin = Breach
Lindsey - fix it or get screwed. The only good replacement for Obamacare is, yes, Obamacare

@cspanwj #UniteBlue #NotMyPrez
There is never enough revenue, never enough spending, never enough inefficiency to satisfy the #CreepyDEMS
Lindsey - fix it or get screwed. The only good replacement for Obamacare is, yes, Obamacare

@cspanwj #UniteBlue #NotMyPrez
Should'a went with single payer the first time around vs the screwed up O-care; Trump has advocated a version of singlepayer, lets try that
No way that can work in this environment. We need reestablish cost consciousness before anything like that is even a consideration.
@cspanwj 
Single Payer in CA will cost $400B, 2x the CA budget. Cost for the entire US would be $3.5T additional. DEM Smart. https://twitter.com/Cigarvolante/status/867724040177430528 …
Gotta get off/away from O-Care, it's been gruber'ed ... need an honest singlepayer component to a national HC system
Repeal and Replace with Open Market, HSA and catastrophic coverage, I say.
There be more, preexisting has to be an element in the mix too ... why have to goto singlepayer
I see no cause and effect in that, JD. If there is continuous coverage there is no preexisting condition. It is a choice.
@LindseyGrahamSC tells @realDonaldTrump to lawyer up. It's time for the @GOP to start fessing up. Put Country before party.
You know your party has been sabotaging ACA for a while, Lindsey. Your plan sucks, the public doesn't want it.
Totally agree! @POTUS
@realDonaldTrump may not be on the hook for collusion, but he's going down for financial crimes.
Good advice...too bad he wont listen. Trump doesnt listen too anyone but his voices!
Trump won't listen.  His narcissism won't allow it.  He's always been able to sue (or settle) his way out of trouble in the past.  Not now

Ha that's hilarious.
I think it's a great idea in concept, but irresponsible as a senator

Clear him, haaaa
But it wont.
Clear. Bahaha. That's funny. Why do you think he deflects all the time. That's what guilty people do.
Scary but I actually agree with him
Good advice! But I'm betting on guilty as sin!
Great advice Mr Graham. POTUS needs some sincerity and honesty .You can't blame him for not trusting anyone and having his back up
The fairy Gram says so. Must be something wrong.
I thought we lived in the USA  clear crap we are innocent till proven guilty-as of yet not one stitch of evidence-sick digging for nothing
"Lindsey, I cannot accept you actually believe that scoundrel is innocent! He's eyeballs-deep in colluding with the Ruskies! Just stop it!"
Let him go!
On the other hand, why give fodder to a news media that is bent on destroying you?
Unless he knows he's guilty and the truth is coming out.
how can someone be cleared from charges based on zero evidence of said charges?all made up nonsense from lying media.
Just stay out of it. You mean nothing anymore
lol, lol
I puke when I hear him. RINO times 1000%
Congress is all lawyers, where has listening to you guys got him?
Amen, well said! Take note @POTUS . We r rooting 4 u. So, accept the Senator's wise counsel.
I am a proud republican, but I can see a fake 1000 miles away and Lindsey Graham is a platers wart on the GOP. He needs to be removed.
Trump needs to be removed and replaced first.
Good luck with that.
Humanity needs as much luck as possible so that Trumpy boy doesn't ruin everything that's great about America.
Nah
Follow the news. Learn to analyze the truth and support and love your country. If you do that you'll realize you've been conned.
he will not be cleared
 OMG! He's getting in the way cuz it's going to do everything BUT clear him, obviously. Trumps not behaving as someone w nothing to hide
Good advice! @realDonaldTrump every tweet should be triple checked through the team. We are a team here. We all are vested in his success
Let Trump be Trump...
Mostly yes but being smarter is wiser
I would "never" take the advice of Lindsay Graham...
In general I would agree. But this advise is very accurate. If he steps on his lawyers positions he can lose it all.
He's not stupid, ye of little faith.  He burnt 17 Professional politicians and two Globalists Dynasties from both sides.
I know what he did but there is much he should be concentrating on instead of this drama that he causes himself. He needs to get things done
Turn off CNN
