Lindsey, I thought you loved America and were tough as nails at defending it. What happened to you. Please say you aren't going down too.
I take this to mean that you won't be the brave Republican who stands up to demand independent investigation. I don't matter, not from SC.
Genie, thank you for anything you can do from there. We appreciate it in the blue states.
aren't there charges for protecting a traitor??
My vote for Director of the FBI: Patrick J. Fitzgerald
Why are you so SCARED, Lindsey? You been a bad boy? You really want to be mentioned in the same breath as McCarthy? You want your descendants to have to bare that scarlet mark? Really?
Why would that happen now??? He hasn't chosen anyone who is qualified for any position. You of all people are aware of that.
You R not even qualified you don't know how 2 put country over party. We R in a crisis here & you do NOTHING #RussianGOP @VP lost cred. US#1
You have be foremost in fighting Trump. DON'T STOP. I am your consistent from SC. Independent investigation now please
Someone outside of the
This looks like a place Trumpers should meet to discuss who else needs to be FIRED!
Who's paying to play with big boys dude, Sotos ?
he's not qualified to find someone qualified
Like Flynn? Gates? Manafort? Kushner? Republicans destroyed their credibility for the next century. Exploded budget, Millions losing healthcare. 1% tax breaks on backs of the rest. Dems will investigate YOU after 2018
Maybe Lindsey should also encourage OrangeAss to resign ...
special prosecutor is absolutely needed.  what are you afraid  of ? 78% of the country disagrees with you.
It's time for an independent special investigation. Anything less means you are in collusion and abetting a crime(s)!
Praise the day The Donald turns on you!  Praise the day!!
We can't trust appointees to be impartial, as they MUST be. We need an independent investigation, protected from interference.
That would be a switch.
Wow Mr. Graham. We were all counting on you. It's a shame you chose party over country. 
You know darn well he will hire a puppet of his. He loved Comey, now He wants to screw the #TrumpRussiaInvestigation .
This is outrageous and Nixonion!  Special Prosecutor Warranted!!!
I encourage you to push for an independent counsel! This is NOT who we are!!!
Do something!!!
U, sir, are at a life crossroad. U must decide to do the RIGHT thing for our country. NOW. Your legacy will go down in US History books.
#IndependentProsecutor ASAP
U made a big mistake and this proves there r things u want hidden."We The People" have power,don't forget this FACT.
Trey Gowdy, so he can lock up Hillary finally without having his hands tied by Obama appointees.
A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR is in order! Repubs enabling DJT instead of the integrity of the United States. Lindsey history will judge you!
You're my senator here in SC & believed you put country before party. Please don't disappoint me now. We all know why trump did this
#SpecialProsecutor now!! We can not trust this diversion.And I hope u throw DT's"certified letter" in the trash, bc that's where it belongs
You liberals sure were happy with Comey in October lol.
You mean his interests
To stay on the same tack I suggest Eric Trump.
This POTUS only serves HIS OWN interests and you know that. This SC resident/voter is asking you to actually STAND UP TO THIS INSANITY.
he's probably just scared for his life. we are close to the point where the "perpetrators" of conspiracies against the volk get "unmasked"
Sen. Graham, please don't tell us you believe he'll pick someone who's impartial. This is *all* about TrumpRussia and you know it.
You know he has no intention. Unless people like you set aside partisanship, America will effectively lose its democracy. Choose your side.
Sally Yates? NOT Giuliani.
Terrible tweet from holster in training.  Sad!

As well as a special prosecutor
You are a coward and history will remember how you behaved during this time in our country.  Shame on you.
@LindseyGrahamSC this is obv an attempt at coverup. #DoYourJob and  issue whatever subpoenas are needed to find the #trumprussia connection
I suggest a republican get some balls
He didn't do that when he was putting his cabinet in place why would he start now? How are we supposed to trust in the justice system?  day
The only person who has faith in Trump's decision making is Sean Hannity.
Hannity would wipe trumps butt for him if he wanted him to. #HorribleHannity #DAFFYDONALD #TeaBaggers #trump #FoxNews
By most qualified, I mean someone who is the best at not investigating @realDonaldTrump. #Comey @LindseyGrahamSC
I encourage the President to select the most qualified professional available who will serve our nations interests.
You are a man of true grit are u going to let this donkey shit on our democracy
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION.
America needs a Special Prosecutor. The truth needs to found. Please help make this happen.Thank you.
When will you serve the interests of this nation? We need leadership & special prosecutor! Please stand up!!
Someone needs to talk with him. Tell him h
I hope, you put country first... Your name will be remembered in history for bad or good, depending of what you do.
This is scary as shit.
Bwa ha ha!! Do you mean THIS president? Ain't gonna happen!
He's not going to listen to anyone The GOP believes this will blow over. We are nation of laws. They are in for a very rude surprise in 2018
Looks as if candidates have sworn Trump loyalty pledge.
Weak sauce, Graham.
Well we know Graham isn't TBD.
If this is true, then @PreetBharara & @SallyQYates will make sure to be paying attention for phone calls.
Both Trump and Sessions needs to go after lying about Comey firing
ThePresident isn't interested in qualified people,Only hires those loyal to him & pledge allegiance 2 him.U do not see it:  bloodless coup.
You're assuming he understands basic rules of grammar. You shouldn't make this assumption of anyone. Especially GOP politicians.
Starting when?Nearly every appt. is the WORST possible/opposite of what is needed.A travesty for our country. Right now you need to #ProtectMueller
The fact that you have to "encourage" him to hire the most qualified person speaks volumes about him, you, and where we are at in this mess.
Republicans are party first.
we've had a dictator installed by a foreign power and republicans are in on it. When do we call allies? SOS
It's crazy, the US did it to others for decades, payback is a bitch, esp. when Russia is doing the payback with glee. Terrifying.
I'm curious why you are against an independent prosecutor? Sessions recusal is obviously and laughably #fakenews
You are of my generation-I don't believe Trump&Asso.will do right/moral by USA citizens-can we count on you?
Come on Mr. Graham. You may speak rationally but You support trump. That speaks volumes!! #COMEY
Have you been compromised? Russia did a good job, stole @GOP emails and Trump has you now? Wow this is deep! Our Nation in Crisis!
YOUR CREDIBILITY IS ON THE LINE. ALSO OUR NATION. FOR THE LOVE OF THIS COUNTRY: DO. SOMETHING.
If you don't call for an independent commission, I will never trust another word you say.
Will you investigate anything to do with me or Russia... only question he will be really trying to answer from the next FBI director
SOURCE: Trump demanded that all grand juries end or Comey would be fired.

Comey told Trump to fire him.
In a non political way
Must have independent investigation. Must have!
What a feckless human you are. Human seems like a stretch at this point.
So disappointed,  that you not looking for the truth.   Trump Russiagate is scary.
Sir, are you serious? "Encouraging" Trump to do the right thing is not a strategy that is working out.
Lindsey, you know damn well why Donald did this. How much more does it take to remove him ??? My country is turning into a Dictatorship.
You are fundamentally dishonest
Seriously? You know he'll pick someone "loyal" who will only serve trump's interests.
Did you call for Comey to be fired in July 2016?  What America needs and deserve is #SpecialProsecutor on #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Seriously. What is wrong with you and your god damned party?
Sally Yates is free.
have you met the guy?!
What? So just business as usual? WTF
I encourage you to demand that a Special Prosecutor be appointed! Please put our country befor your party!
Are you kidding? INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW! Support Impeachment proceedings NOW! #25thamendment #impeach
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
@RepSwalwell @RepAdamSchiff @MarkWarner @SenFeinstein @MaxineWaters
@SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC
 @maddow @JoyAnnReid
A special independent prosecutor, Senator. Trump is guilty as hell.
Any of these would work: Sally Yates, James Clapper, Preet Bharara, Mike Rogers.
we have lost faith in the office of the President.
And the CONGRESS! What happened to to TRUTH, JUSTICE AND THE AMERICAN WAY! Sad that our country is lost! IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!
Consider your reaction had Obama fired Comey at some point last year.
So you're not even gonna pretend to try to challenge trump? Remember this moment senator because history sure will. #comeyfired
fuck you.
With all due respect, the criminal defendant should not appoint the judge, jury and executioner.  You must NOT confirm any Trump nom.
Trump administration should not be able to select the director who will investigate them! Russian plants everywhere. Wth are you on about?

Independent investigator!!! If not we will conclude you are being complicit and will push for all who were to be charged
My God, how can anyone that has served our Country in any way continue to support someone making a mockery of all we stand 4!
Our country is in constitutional crisis. For all who fought &/or died for our freedom, stand up & fight #GodHelpUs
You honestly trust him to do that?
I pray you and John McCain will keep your eyes on the WH.  We can't trust them.
He is going to select SYCOPHANTS. Y r u pretending that he is smart? He will throw u under the bus if u cross him. U r pathetic. SAD
Shame on you! Do your job! This isn't about party. This is a nut case in charge if our government!
You Sir had better remove your partisan hat and put on your patriot hat.  America's watching you and history will judge you.
Not going to happen.  Get ready to vote NO
Please stand up against this horrid abuse of power and stand up for the American people.  #ImpeachTrump
#SpecialProsecutor #IndependentInvestigation RT
Laughable response, Lindsey. What does Putin have on you? Shameful response on this and your original response was worse.
#complicit what does Russia have on you? Or is it Trump? History will be kinder if you come clean.
The corruption continues...
How does it feel to dismantle our country? Does it fill you with misplaced pompous glory?
Really?  The one under investigation choosing their investigators is flat out unbelievable.  Bias?  Oh yeah.  Traitorous words from you.
I know you're saying this for political reasons, but let the record show he chose Sessions.
Yeah, Trump doesn't have a good track record with his selections...
Or someone who'll let you and your cronies off the hook from investigating @potus ties to Russia?
for short as “Watergate.” We all know how that turned out. In real ways, this potential scandal and coverup are much graver.
I agree, but this decision makes me think it won't happen. Are you ok with this? I'm not. Smells to this old guy like Watergate
Special prosecutor, yo.
@LindseyGrahamSC you ARE the problem. You supported Flynn, you supported Sessions, you refuse to care about Russians infiltrating our WH
pack it up. the legislative gop dominated branch is now a rubber stamp for president for life trump. be nice & maybe they'll let u live.
Oh, PLEASE. Sally Yates. Preet Bhahara. James Comey. The job description is crystal clear to us.
Ever heard of a CONSTITUTIONAL CRISIS LINDSEY GRAHAM. You are a traitor and you're pathetic
You let America down!!!!! I'm disgusted at you once supported you. @LindseyGrahamSC
You know, deep down, the right thing to do is call for a Special Prosecutor & investigate AG Sessions role in this.
i encourage you to do your job and keep your promises to the american people and hold @POTUS accountable for his actions.
country over party. demand an independent counsel now! america is watching and concerned. #Trumprussia
the interests of the american people and not of the #Trumprussia interests! step up for the people of this country.
He'll hire a stooge, that will serve Trump, not the Constitution or the people of the United States...what a joke this democracy has become.
SALLY YATES!  SALLY YATES  SALLY YATES  SALLY YATES
ALL Repubs now need to prove they're not also colluding w Russia. This kind of kid gloves tweet won't cut it #TrumpRussia
You and the President's team appear to have fallen through the Looking Glass. Why not wait for the FBI's IG report?
When I watched you at the hearings yesterday, I could tell you folded and where no longer on the side of the people.
HaHa!!!!!  And you believe he'll do this?
Awkward omission of a singular possessive.
If you don't immediately call for an independent prosecutor, you're a complete fraud
You should encourage him to quit.
Please insist on a special prosecutor to conduct the Russia investigation.
@LindseyGrahamSC this President believes he is above the law and you're complicit in the act.
He just fired the director for the exact thing he celebrated during his campaign. On tape!
And #2 and acting director is same man who pulled Pribus aside inappropriately.  This smells bad & makes congress look complicit
Only an independent investigator will satisfy the American people. @lindseygrahamsc we're counting on you to put country over party.
Ste you kidding me we need an independent investigation now

Demand for an independent investigation for the American people! #IndependentCommission
Oooooh. Is it Melania ot Eric????
Can anyone say SLOW MOVING COUP"!
Please encourage the president to tell the truth.  These back door witch hunts are not becoming of the office he swore to uphold
Are you a Patriot or another one of Putins Puppets? Country before Party! Independent investigation w/ a special prosecutor. USA or Russia?
You are so god damn pathetic STFU
Need an independent investigation now. MAKE IT HAPPEN NOW...
Just FYI - it's really hard to understand you when you have Trumps balls in your mouth.
Are you going to support an INDEPENDENT committee & INDEPENDENT prosecutor? Or are you part of the cover up? @SenJohnMcCain @SenMcConnell
for god's sake man have some moral conviction and call for an independent investigation
And just when I thought you were one of the few brains we have in our Senate...republican side, I mean of course
You sold out America. Fealty for Trump is stronger than protecting our country against a dictator in training. Shame on you.
Rub a lamp dude
I'm still shaking my head in disappointment @ you sir. I was so wrong about you being a patriot.
The American People are forgotten again. I guess our voice doesn't matter.  Now that our votes no longer count.
I hear he will appoint Alex Jones
Can they be an American or will Putin be sending his replacement? asking for a friend...
I encourage you to be a Patriot.
Now is the time for the GOP Senate to separate themselves from this President.
Cmon man you're one of the good ones. Don't let him get away with this
The President is not capable of doing that. Do you not see that?
Time for a special prosecutor.  The firing of #fbidirectorjamescomey  is shady!
He's going to choose someone who will protect him and not investigate. What are you thinking? Choose country over party for a change.
The words you are looking for to describe this person are "independent prosecutor." Say it with me and loud so the ones in the back can hear
Are you serious? Wth
You know that's the furthest thing to happen
I encourage you to stop putting party before country. You're part of the problem.
And I encourage all of you in the house and senate to put together a special independent investigation before we have watergate 2.0
Do you believe anyone will trust that appointee.
Sorry - time for a special prosecutor - nothing else will restore confidence.  Especially since GOP has lost their morals under Trump lead.
And as your constituent I urge you to call for an independent prosecutor to oversee all Trump-related investigations NOW!

It’s time for Congress to get their heads out of the sand. @realDonaldTrump cannot pick the person to continue this critical investigation.
Pathetic.
Some people are reporting that there are as many as 19 sealed indictments on the way from a Grand Jury. Comey was a busy little bee....
I encourage you to put country over party!
I encourage @LindseyGrahamSC to call for an independent counsel.
