senator, what about your presidents continued attacks on all Americans with his lies?
WHAT LIES WOULD THAT BE?
How about most of his tweets and just about everything that comes out of his mouth
let's keep it a little more focused please..... how about just this week!
So, name the lies. Be specific, as you say.
The Russians didn't interfere.  The CIA and Obama Admin did.  Can't you read???
Miss Ivanka2024, good luck with that! Entire Trump gang will be in prison or run away to Siberia. I can't wait 
Wow. The delusion is strong with this one.
A nice way to describe yourself delusional Ivanka2024. I like it.
Time will tell. In the meantime, I'm not sick of winning yet.
"winning" Bahahahaha!! Oh, you'll find out soon enough who is "winning" and it won't be pathetic trumpsters 
Clinton sold favors from state department for money for her foundation and she should be in jail. Someone needed to do it
Should we push back against USA election interference too. Quit being such a hypocrite.
So you will investigate why HRC was paying for violence at @realDonaldTrump rallies?
wake up! are you impaired? The Left did this. That's right your brothers and sisters. Change the R to a D
= Soros/Globalist shill, RINO; needs to convert to DEM PDQ you treacherous scum!!  #TRUMP  #POTUS  #MAGA #RINO  #evil
What are you hiding??
Press wouldn't do their job do Russia did it for them!
We don't believe u anymore. Until u & @HouseGOP FIX this mess instead of just grandstanding, you're all enabling. #traitors
@hambonejones84 go Lindsey.
All of Congress should join forces and put country above party.#TrumpRussia investigate!!!
@RoguePOTUSStaff Start in the Oval Office
every now and then you actually make sense.Are you feeling all right?The ACAhelps people Lindsey. Why not help people too?
@RoguePOTUSStaff You make statements but don't follow through. Why is the GOP ignoring this? This is a serious issue, ACT!!
And btw, you sound like a liberal. Get over it. Trump is our president, like it or not. Stop dividing the party
millionaires helping billionaires= GOP. Chaffetz says to poor.choose between health care & iPhones.billionaires must help2
Then tell @POTUS @realDonaldTrump to stop attacking Democrats seeking the truth.
.@LindseyGrahamSC you talk a big game on Trump-Russia-interference but it's been 3 months since your statement, and people are catching on!
Graham is a phony.
Don't be fooled by GOP. The Grahams and Issas sounding tough are simply part of the good cop/bad cop act.
it appears the CIA faked the whole Russia Involvement  thing
Thank you to you and Sen McCain. Pressure the most likely John Deans, Flynn, etc.
At your lunch w/ Trump, did u ask him to see evidence of obama claim? If not shame on you.
Please save us from Trump-$$$ laundry, funding terror, owned by oligarchs, funding terror. Connect the dots, watch Maddow.
Then roll up your sleeves and push for crying out loud
quit talking like a democrat.
@JustAGurLnSwedn Let's hope rhetoric is backed by action.
- Push back? What about your new Top #5 call list buddy - @realDonaldTrump and his collusion with Russia? Hands-off?
Mr Graham, it would have helped if you had not confirmed all of his cabinet with Russian ties.  #Trumprussia
and hold 45 accountable for the attacks on our intelligent communities?
What interference? Do you mean the whistleblowing of Clintons illegal email server?
agreed, now where is the call for independent investigation! #TrumpRussia? WE THE PEOPLE deserve to know. #CountryOverParty
I cannot believe that I agree with Graham on anything but love of country over money or party finds strange bedfellows
all u saying Russia ties please read the emails to say russia and the cia planned Russia!!  Geez act like citizens do HW
Also investigation needed re: GOP and FBI infiltration.
foolish little man
Sometimes this guy makes good sense, other times sounds like a wacko.  Show some consistency Lindsey.
are you actually going to do something about it by invoking the #25thamendment or do something about McConnell?
@RoguePOTUSStaff Stop talking and take action!!
I want to see evidence that it was the russians. They may be evil..but they aren't stupid.
FAKE NEWS.  Focus your energies elsewhere Lyndsey.
Considering the Punishment for Treason, Lindsey Graham should re-consider allowing Trump to blackmail him to support Trump's Treason and #TrumpRussia #ObstructionOfJustice 
#MuellerIsComing for Graham if he doesn't flip on Trump & Putin
We must push back on those who don't respect & up hold the Office of the President whether it's your Party or not. Traitors
u have never opened a newspaper other than enquirer! Usa more important thanGOP & @realDonaldTrump pay attention
please do something, our nation is suffering.
Why dont you investigate allergations that DHS hacked georgia, idaho, indiana in 2016 election?
congrats Mr Graham putting our COUNTRY 1st, and Party 2nd!!  Wish all others would follow your lead... integrity
go home you dope.
- Thank you for putting country before party.  You are a gentleman and a hero.
If the CIA is able to make it look like the Russians hacked when it was the spooks, how can you trust anything?  I don't.
#TREASON. #DUMPTRUMP. @HillaryClinton WON! #HILLARY 2017! #HILLARY2017! #ONEPERSONONEVOTE! #1P1VOTENOW! #RESIST.<3
I see no pushing, back or otherwise. Tweeting isn't action. We're not as stupid as you may have thought.
I rarely agree with you, but thank you for being a true patriot
Actually, whether with bombs or keyboards, it was an attack on our country! Make the President defend us!!!
SO PUSH BACK. PUSH. BACK.
Why not address the CIA intruding on US citizens  and making us pay for it?
Why not both?
I am fine with that I'm only saying let us be fair.
I agree.
and on POTUS who is completely insane!Doesn't any Rep have the balls 2 call him out??
#Trump financed the #IranRevolutionaryGuard with deals in #Baku. You know this and do nothing. Why? Are you also invested?
Well? We're waiting and looking forward to your reply. #IranRevolutionaryGuard #russiagate #moneylaundering
@arlenegloria So, when will the special prosecutor be appointed? Subcommittee hearings won't be enough to drain this swamp.
STOP LYING. Stop underestimating we the People. We don't believe your lies and deception. We know you make money from war,
so what do you suggest?
Please take action. We need you and GOP to do something already.
your a globalist. Take your money from Clinton and move to the other side.
Please share w/  @SenatorBurr and tell him#NC says #ComeOnHomeBoy - he's not putting state or country over his Russian ties
Appreciate @LindseyGrahamSC & @SenJohnMcCain  fighting back GOP pandering to @POTUS . 1 of few GOP willing to put US 1st. @RoguePOTUSStaff
@RoguePOTUSStaff time to prove it Graham...we need answers!
Tell that to your fellow #Republicans working so hard to obstruct #justice.
That's what you say, Sen. Graham, but I don't see you fighting the Trump admin as much as you project.
Thank you. Country before party, what a concept.
Hollow words when you & your entire @GOP are doing all you can to help in the #coverup!
#TrumpRussiaConspiracy 
#HurryUpMueller
Have you backed off this statement? If there is collusion it must be handled now? Please don't let your country down.
@dawnmichele tell that to Paul Ryan and McConnell then do something about it -stop preaching and do something
@RoguePOTUSStaff Thanks for standing up for what's right.
"Standing up for what's right"? This asshole wants to defund PP. #internationalwomensday
You're right, but spend 15 mins on #vault7 or #wikileaks & see how many now think it was the CIA masquerading as Russia.
I would say pretty much everyone.
cf. Kevin Poulsen's piece in today's Daily Beast, "Russia Pounces on CIA Wikileaks"
U BN THERE LONG ENOUGH 2 KNOW THAT THE LEFT R THE RUSSIANS, SOME OF U GUYS AMAZE ME WITH UR IGNORANCE, LIKE CLIMATE CHANGE
Trump started this by getting Russia involved
Trump didn't get Russia involved, the media w/out proof reported, TRUMP then suggested they look at HRC
Trump doesn't want anyone to find out what he's hiding and lying about
read more than Breitbart

Obama for Prison 2017 first.....hahaha #Vault7
Russian troll trumps going to prison
and of course if you don't agree with the butthurt your called a Russian Troll.....LMAO....MSM in your brain, they got you!
do you want to go down in history bks as a hero or a lemming? Collusion has been proven; get to #impeachment of #trump now!
@MaxBoot Sure. But if you leave your doors open and get robbed, how bad should your neighbors feel? Nation-states do spy.
@RoguePOTUSStaff YES! As a democrat second and an American FIRST, I agree that our elections must be protected from enemies
@RoguePOTUSStaff waiting for that pushback. Anytime now.
@badgirl_loony then start pushing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
.@LindseyGrahamSC So what are u going to do about it? Call for an #IndependentProsecutor #DoYourJob
@kbratt 

Senator, GOP & DemoCRAPs better get to the ppls business, i.e., infrastructure spending, single payer HC, etc.
@cathynolan Yes we must & I say we start by overnighting Comrad Donnie & Sean Sphincter Spicer to Russia
Thank you Senator Graham for putting #CountryBeforeParty #independentinvestigation
@PrincessBravato  stop tweeting get off your ass and do something to save our country
prove it
yo Lindsey, you might do well to run as a DEMOCRAT next election.
what have the Democrats done for you except just rule over you savagely and lied about you, we're at War, such Cumbia shit
Hack
Be sure to read how the CIA makes it appear Russia did it when they tap somebody. It's all in the Wikileaks and no denial.
Who will be looking into 3,000,000 Illegal Voters Obama's wire Tapp? Can we do #russianhack first? #ICareAboutTheTaxReturns
So...what are you doing about it?
Welcome to the party.  Where the hell have you been?
Among other things. TY
@Kasparov63 amen
what would have come off as a noble statement 4 months ago, now comes off as a pandering one.
Senator, please put your words into action. We need an independent commission to investigate Trump-Russia ties ASAP.
you are nothing but empty words. #coward
Why dont you go do something that actually helps Americans?
@RoguePOTUSStaff how crazy is our political landscape?  I find myself rooting for @LindseyGrahamSC on the regular. Get that subpoena Sen.!!
@Peresson79 you serious unreal
Thank you, Senator Graham.
, this is BS. we want the party 2 "push back" & aggressively support r @POTUS against #RussiaHoax & #Obamagate. Pass it on.
We have long memorie and are tired of your public antics against our @POTUS.
Feel free to push that narrative to the House and Senate leadership. They seem to be living in an "alt" reality. #DemocracyHypocrisy
Talk is cheap. DO something to oppose the Trump menace. Support a BIPARTISAN select committee to do an investigation.
@RoguePOTUSStaff Russians' damage done. Help us salvage what remains of Amer. Values: Call to impeach their TOXIC puppet.
Well you supported Cheetos and now look at the mess we are in. Would you hurry up and take the simpleton down that would be great thanks
then push for an #IndependentInvestigation
then do something other than talk. Words mean nothing when you refuse to act. You give us no choice but to #RESIST
@RoguePOTUSStaff push back=independent prosecutor
Senator Graham thank you for your continued sanity. Please kick some numbskull Trump ass
you are right Senator!!!  It's time for country above politics!!
while you're at it, can you push back against the baseless lies about the wiretap. That's an attack on Democracy.
You need some actions to back these words, sir.
It's obvious to all of us that without this Russian scheme @JohnKasich would have been our President.
Or to be fair, it could have been @SenTedCruz
I want answers about this wiretapping, the president said happened!!! This is serious, an we should know!!
was this issued during the campaign when it happened or just recently?
This is real and you need to be prepared for the political challenges ahead. This is about US not the GOP or the DEMs.
I just wish you would shut up and do your job. If u can do that..u must be a #demlibidiot
There are so many things that could see trump locked up for life, but nobody will subpoena his tax returns. Have to ask why
I agree 100% sir. This is an attack on America by a vicious thug and was not an attack on a political party.
don’t let them take the ACA away. Please be the sane one.
Fake News!!   Russia isn't our friend, but it's stupid to make them our complete enemy. Use your brain!!!
thank you!!!
yes please stop Russia from taking over America please!!!!!!! Be a hero.
I'm a lib,as far as I can see you're the only Repub NOT BOUGHT&Paid 4.I rely on U,as a man in service2 the USA& a patriot
All you've done is talk talk talk about this, but you've "done" nothing. You are all bluster, senator. We see right thru u
does this apply to Obama when he attacked the Trump campaign protects us from that far greater threat
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!!!!!!!  Actions speak louder than words.
Actions please, no more words. .internationally we are quickly losing credibility.  Come on Graham.
@RoguePOTUSStaff It's about time a Republican acknowledged this. Demand an #IndependentInvestigation
@Kasparov63 Ffs you speak as though the Clinton administration is whiter than snow. Wake up.
Powerful words but excuse me while I wait for powerful actions from republicans
two words...Independent Investigation. Anything less is unacceptable.
Either your scared shitless over CIA exposing your dirty 'little' secrets or your just this dumb #Vault7
@RoguePOTUSStaff what about @POTUS attacks on free press and signaling ppl out based on how they worship
well here is a good place to start - http://www.campaignwatch.org/trump-russia/ 
prove the interference. Show the evidence. We know you don't like Trump but show the evidence.
So when wacko @realDonaldTrump attacks previous sane POTUS with baseless allegations, that's an attack on all?
@RoguePOTUSStaff Why aren't the rest of.your party concerned? This admin has shredded our democracy under 2 months!!!
How about doing your party right and calling Steele to testify?
@RoguePOTUSStaff If you are truly concerned, then dig into Trump's taxes.
and those who corroborated like Trump
be that Republican future generations look up to. Expose the Russian interference in our election no matter who is exposed.
@RoguePOTUSStaff Lindsey Sir did you eat the meat loaf? Don't enable this lunatic. please sir don't sell your soul!
Oh you're so brave, Lindsey.  Just like Marco Rubio, all talk and no action.  You're already sucking up to Trump.
independent investigation NOW!
PLZ ask Congresspple when can we the people expect impeachment—WHEN is enough –enough? To US its NOW more than enough!
Yr Out Of Your Fucking Mind We're Waiting Till You Force Civil War Upon Us Until Then, Shove Yr Russian Election Up Yr Ass!
so true!!...remember that in all instances!
Agree completely!!
I think Republicans are far more dangerous then Russians.  Russians have moral and ethics, which you lack.
@menewkitty2014 ok, thanks, whatever it takes to get attention on this, and yes, outside interference is an American issue.
Investigation needed to expose who knew what, who was involved. Do it for America over party loyalty and do it fast 
So do something about it already!
Actions speak louder than words, and it is action our country desperately needs right now! #FireSessions #InvestigateTrump
@vistachick79 Well then use your influence on @SenateMajLdr to investigate! #treason #Russiagate #TrumpRussia
just STOP already! Enough about the Russians!
I hope yous still going to push for the investigation... we all got nervous when you gave him your phone #
my yearly med bills w/o Medicaid=$180,000, & that's if nothing goes wrong. i receive $699 a mo. i can't afford insurance.
- It's not just the election..
pray for our troops Afghanistan. Why we still there
you're not being loud enough. Other Republicans can't hear you.
@POTUS well that was one of the most mature statements from Congress in some time.  Perhaps @WhiteHouse will take a lesson.
Now bring the rest of the GOP into that way of thinking, and maybe this could mean something.
