Oh, Lindsey why do you keep disappointing me? Just when I start believing that you are different and not a total partisan hack....
Funny using conspiracy theory website is the new talking points of the @SenateGOP  @HouseGOP
Why not? President Orange uses Info Wars, Breitbart and National Enquirer. Monkey see monkey do
U want to look into any wrongdoing? Fine. But this doesn't change any of the revelations regarding this corrupt Trump administration.
Are u buying into the crazy train Trump show now Lindsey? I think it is fine to have her testify before the committee, to satisfy doubts.
But when u tweet about it u r really emphasizing it, like a big revelation will be revealed. Come on. Russia/Trump is main story & u no it!
Have her testify, but don't follow the Trump teams lead, with trying 2 distract from the #1 issue. We need some sanity/stability from r govt
One of the Ten Commandments   “Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor.”
What if we do that right after we finish the Russian connection investigation?
Your new material is so meh. I'd rather hear something off the greatest hits album... 9th Benghazi hearing?!
Like we verified the presence of wmd's under Pres Bush administration?
Congress should ask why the unmasked individuals were Trump and associates...not why they were unmasked.
do let's see all of Trump's tax returns
No, Congress should do its job. Why allow internet privacy to be sold when Americans don't want it? In whose best interest are you acting?
I'd like to know that also! Unbelievable!
Also don't forget to hand over the keys to Putin while you're at it.
Diversion.  Stay focused.
Don't deflect Lindsey.  You're playing right into Trumps hand
Old news. No evidence. We don't care. How about something current (& w/actual evience)?! #Trumprussia #emoluments (the list goes on...)
Stop deflecting from the agenda.. president, Russia, collusion and cooperation, impeachment, and you loosing yr seat if u don't do yr job!
Graham please stay on the sinking trump ship, it will be fun to watch you go down with it.
Yes, ANYTHING to deflect from the Russia investigation. You puffed about illegal voting but had no probs with Russia interference.HYPOCRIT
SO TRUE!!!!!!!!
The @GOP is wasting Money & Time blaming FORMER Obama Admin. GOP has all power in DC right NOW!  No excuses at the ballot 2018/2020.
NO, you should concern yourself with treason, collusion, the making money while POTUS, the lies, the damage being done you're protecting him
Why don't we start with the trumps administration laundry list of investigations first. 
You know you can do two investigations at once, right? Graham's a patriot. He's investigating BOTH 
He's not doing two investigations. He's using the Rice non-story to distract from Russia because his precious party is totally compromised.
maybe rice was misdirected because of a failed but necessary cia operation post khadafi regime
rice must have received bengazi intelligence reports about a video since she revealed that...prove the manipulation
Sure. After we look into Russia, Tom Price and his stock shenanigans, blocking Yates testimony and Trump's taxes. #DoYourJob
It is literally her job to know when operatives are conspiring with foreign governments to committee treason. You're on the wrong side here.
You've tweeted about Susan Rice four times. Hate her much?
It's pretty late. It's the bourbon repeating itself.
1-day & Graham all over this right-wing concocted story. Trump/Russia he drags his feet. Graham isn't independent. He always sides w/ Trump
Benghaaaaaaaziiiii!!!!
How about we finish with 45*? The people will remember that you worked against them. #resist #DoYourJob #impeach
lindsey dear god it's her job. You were like the last republican I respected, dont do this
How many times are you going to post this?  You know they will and currently there is no proof of wrong doing on her part.
She was just trying to sift out the traitor; did her job
Need to look into the corrupt WH
Guess you are now going to blow up the Senate investigation because, God forbid, #SusanRice, a smart woman, shouldn't do her job! Typical!
Yeah, hon. That makes sense
WHY is trump moving US troops into Syria by the 100's@w/o him telling us,w/o U telling us. R They on putin s side.Stop talking ur bullshit!
Congress should look into Trump/ Blackstone/ Baycox. That is the money trail and  Trump TREASON
Just try not to turn it into a farcical Benghazi investigation while Trump's admin burns our country to the ground around us pal
Bait & switch.
Why?  Doesn't ur party have enough 2 do trying 2 find out if #PresidentObama wire tapped (!) #DishonestDon, #PutinsPuppet. No #TrumpRussia
I am one of your constituents. I have tried to support you but pandering to the far right w your tweet is offensive
Look into the Russian scandal thoroughly...quit skirting the issue...#countryoverparty
Congress should look into Trump administration's collision with Russia #treason #WhatAreYouHiding
Verify,not trust? That sounds like the GOP

Is this the part when you pretend you ever gave a shit about Trumps Russian connex and now wage a trial of distraction?


$#!+ is abt to hit the fan, 
New distraction Susan Rice subpoena her, OK 
 but
Connect the dots
meet & greet Seychelle Islands
#Blackwater
The FBI should look into yiu...
Congress needs to look into treasonous acts with Russia.  This Rice thing is just being used as a distraction from Trump's Russia mess.
Release his tax returns. Investigate Russia. Protect our Environnent. And Women's rights. Get off your a**.
Once the investigation into TRUMP/RUSSIA is completed & Trump's impeached, & his minion's go to jail, they can investigate Susan Rice
Come on Senator Graham! Pay attention, follow the money and the trail of dead Russians! Susan Rice is old news & Proved nothing
@realDonaldTrump put his arm up your ass and is pulling strings now I see pretty disappointing
Verification = due diligence. Senate Intelligence Committee. Closed. #nopulpfiction
they should look into you
Who do you work for?  Read the comments to your tweets, dude.
It's SHAMEFUL that there is NO independent investigation on what has TREASON implications for our country. GOP RESPONSIBLE! DO YOUR JOB!!
Please do.  Being this whole stupid thing to a rear quick so we can move on with the real issue - collusion of the Trump Admin w Russia.
They have, Lindsey.  Get YOUR facts right.
Investigate Trump campaign and cabinet ties to Russian first.
She was doing her job. She did nothing illegal
And when it turns out the Trump Admin was talking to foreign agents you better hammer them
Lindsey, you're a total party-affiliated disappointment.
Your as bad as the rest, just mudding the water
Right after they actually investigate #TrumpRussiaCollusion and #TrumpRussiaCoverUp.
You are smarter than this Mr. Graham. Don't embarrass yourself.
SRice protected national security,  you should too. Btw Assad (Putin's ally) is evil; days ago your Prez said he was ok w him. Gas. Shame!
Yes, As well as continuing to look into Trump, Pence, Sessions, Page, Flynn, Nunes, Kruchner, and the rest of the "Wall Street GOLD Gang"
Because you didn't waste enough tax payer money with Bengazi investigations?
I'm more interested in hearing testimony from Sally Yates. #ImpeachTrump
Forget Susan Rice
Please do. It will present the GOP with one more opportunity to look foolish.
Looks like the Russians got to Senator Graham. That's disappointing.
Ya think? Nothing to do with #Russia either
She ought to be investigated not "looked into!"
Stop just stop!! One week you are Pro Americans, then this week Pro Trump and his B.S. distraction! Stand up!! Get this idiot gone!!!!
Yeah, because "unmasking" the fact that half of Trumps cabinet had Chipotle with a Russian is the real issue. #smfh
Congress should be busy looking into trump and his administrations love affair with Russia / Putin.
It must be investigated
it does not take away from other investigations
WHAT is the problem with that?
If nothing-will be proved
some investigations are done to intimidate people to stop them from investigating others this is one of them
but their desperately trying to do anything to say see their as bad as us. Forcing people to hire counsel lose sleep and work
Don't worry-she's been through it before
#ricegate
Trumps taxes first.
These Russian allegations must be investigated, before the government opens its purse strings for Trump!  Hold on tight!
How about after you actually investigate the allegations against trump that amount to treason? Let's go after the bigger fish first.

If what outrages you is Susan Rice discovering Trump associates cavorting w Russians spies & criminals, but not the cavorting, you’re a hack
There's a lot of things Congress should look into....
Congress should look into Trump & Co for possible romancing with Russia! Priorities?
This is more bullshit to help distract from and provider cover for Trump and his Russian-loving cronies and you know it.
ANYTHING BUT GET TO THE BOTTOM OF DID TRUMP COLLUDE WITH THE RUSSIANS. For goodness sake STAY focused
Congress should put all non-critical business on HOLD until we know if we have a legitimate POTUS or a POTUS in Putin's pocket.
Mr. Grahnam, I didn't appreciate ur service until entire Trump Tragedy stuck our country. TY 4 standing up 4 honor, regardless of party.
Your @GOP is vile & hate-filled; your only mindset is being AGAINST & your 'leadership' is vacuous. STOP THE REPREHENSIBLE DISTRACTION!
I thought you were just one decent man in DC... now I know you are just a coward like all the the rest...ALL LOSERS! Shame on U!!
OMG you are pathetic. Or just that stupid. Now you are playing 'boy' for dt. As he would say, "SAD"
No, Lindsey they should look into you and the rest of the repubs. Starting with the orange one.
Thank You Senator. 

All the best friend, Vladimir Putin
Total crap.
I hope you do! I hope you have her testify and let us know which foreign agents trump was communicating with
Indeed, it might shed more light on traitorous behavior by Trump/Putin minions.
What a SAD attempt to deflect from the real issue. Do you believe in a true democracy or is everything up for sale?
Thank you Senator Graham! 
Sad that Graham supports @realDonaldTrump smoke screen on Russia connections. @housegop sell out to @potus alt reality.  Policy over people
sigh, I had a shred of hope that you might be decent and look through the BS.  Hopes dashed
Why are you so Partisan, there is a more serious investigation to conduct, get to work, get busy, knock off the games.
You sir are bordering on ridiculous. First things first. Is Putin placing our troops into harms way via a compromised exec?
stop it ! We need you to pay attention to Russia!!
He seems to go in and out like the ocean tide. Tells us what we want to hear and then crawls back into the swamp, Tim Scott anyone?????
Brilliant. Juuuuuust brilliant.
Independent:for every Russia related!!
Look into collusion w/ Russia harder. That is worth "blowing the whistle" about. We are all watching the Sen Intel to get this right
Isn't Susan Rice the person who blamed benghazi on a youtube video
put Susan Rice on the stand and she is going to take the fif
I am starting to wonder about you! How clean are you in DC?
No she was doing her job.  Why don't u try doing that for once
Sir, that's fine, but include it in the #TrumpRussia investigation and do a through job investigating it all, please.
C'mon just when I think you'll stand up for our country, you go and say something malicious! @All100Senators @politico
Come on, Senator. You are better than this. Prove those who doubt it wrong.
Russians: divide and conquer
@ReaganBattalion @politico very nice maneuver by Graham
right, because the guy who invented pizzagate is the guy we should be taking tips from
What link are you in the human centipede?
"Susan Rice didn't ask the FBI for immunity from prosecution.  Mike Flynn did.  Obama's campaign was not under FBI investigation. Trump's is
"When...not trust" But you trust Nunes? trump? Glad to see u r so objective. For God's sake, man, COUNTRY OVER PARTY. Is that so hard??
RUSSIA

IS

THE 

ISSUE

YOU

SNOWFLAKE
No one trusts congress.
Did Trump take you golfing? You sound like one of his butt boys. She was doing her job and you know it  #TrumpRussia  #gopDistractions #Rice
Classic GOP bait and switch to get the people to stop asking about Russia.  We are on to your childish games.  Investigate Trump #russiaties
This is his game along with the rest, ride the fence!! They think we are too stupid to watch and listen!! @LindseyGrahamSC , be ashamed!!
1/ Just when I think you stand up for democracy you show that you are bought.  Rick Watts who testified to Senate intelligence committee
"Follow this thread for details on Rice unmasking - BLUF = she was the NSA, its her job." Look up his tweets and Do your job. Sick of this
3/ Mr Watts tweeted this today. We will remember your corruption and complicity in defending these traitors.
Let's get an independent investigation going? We can investigate everyone then, ok?
#SusanRice did her job why aren't you doing yours
A narcissist surrounds himself with "yes" people & family. Stand up to trumpHe is not mentally fit.He & his family members are not qualified
@LindseyGrahamSC you should look into the mirror.
Congress should look into you you are a big disappointment to the American people lately
Susan Rice ethically towers over any of the GOP members !
Ha ha ha. You must be kidding, right? She lied about Benghazi, she lied about this. She ordered unmasking of private American citizens.
Educate urself or get out of adult coversation.
What did I say that wasn't factual?
You need education.  It's *yourself* and *conversation*.
Shouldn't you look also into Trump's ties to Rusia?
Yes, they should, as part of a broad investigation into Russia.
That Lindsey is a real Sherlock Holmes..................
you imply guilt on Rice's part, Sen Graham. If no guilt found, pls make public apology. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
If no guilt is found?  Did u watch the MSNBC interview? She's as nervous as a long tailed cat in a room full of rockers.
SYRIA! SYRIA! SYRIA! SYRIA! SYRIA!  I'm sick of this govenment: Crazy prez, fighting between dems-gop's. Enough! Where r the leaders?
That should be part of the investigation into Russian interference in our election. And the Trump administration's involvement.
So disappointing to see Graham duly following the diversion AND echoing Reagan, but in a negative sense, when the Russia news is so grave.
Ah yes, I see what you are doing there. Providing cover for Trump & Russia.
Yea just two weeks ago he (L.G.) was talking out of the opposite side of his mouth! Oh by the way Where is Tim Scott??
Sorry you are late, she explained this nonsense.  The lies are GOP Sessions Trump & Friends all liars
Absolutely. Americans deserve the facts. Too many things have been covered up. Enough is enough.
Congress should look into #TrumpRussia. Shame on you for misdirecting! For once in your life, can you *please* stop being a partisan hack?
why? She was doing her job. For crying out loud, you sound like an idiot when you fall in line with 45.
Lindsey, don't go down that path with Trump! I gave you more credit than that! I guess I'm wrong...
Lindsey, you're aware you've fallen for BS Daily Caller article? It's a site that couldn't find own arse w/both hands, a map, & Sherpa guide
Congress should look into their own corrupt behaviors. Try representing people NOT donors. Get big money out of our govt. @GOP corrupt.
Sure. It should fall under the whole Trump/Russia investigation.
We look forward to it and want Donald to declassify the Nunes docs so that we can see his conduct for ourselves
Why the hell don't you look into Russian interference in our election and Putin's connection to Donnie boy? Donnie loves him some Putin
Fake news
Sometimes I use you as a model Republican and respect you.  Sometimes you just make me angry.
I'm sure they will but it's demonstrably a Cernovich construct; he of pizzagate. It will be satisfying to see it debunked by Senate Intel.
Fine. Tell everyone to shut up and investigate EVERYTHING. Let us know the truth when you're all done.
lol, Linds. No. Nice try.
Insult our collective intelligence!!
Real question is why we're there so many people associated with Trump who came up several times in report talking to Russians?
C'mon, man. This is gutterball politics. It's entirely beneath you @LindseyGrahamSC. History will be unkind to those who side w Trump.
Yes. Let's get an independent committee. Right? Sound good?
We should also look at every Republican covering for trump to see why.
but you know that unmasking isn't a problem, or illegal. ESP for a national sec person as Rice.  So why?
I see she said, " I never leaked  nothing to nobody. " Isn't that a double negative that means she did?
Why? Because she is a black woman who worked for the black president?  Gop has attacked her for yrs hmmm
Go ahead look. Maybe it'll shut 45 up but maybe not he loves living in his fake universe
They should be looking into tRump Russia connections & his violations of the Constitution FIRST, via independent commission.
Why? Susan Rice was doing her job. Trump on the other hand is a con man and a Russian Asset.
 Then why did she lie & say she didn't know anything about it just 2 wks. ago?  #SusanRice #DirtyRice #ObamaGate
You should be ashamed of yourself.
For sure!!
Stahp. You had credibility for, like, 10 minutes but now you've got to stop.
