Take the Government out of the healthcare business! Everyone in D.C. Has robbed the American People long enough...no more!  Really! ..
Except when they want/need govt. help i.e. Harvey & Irma
Nothing to do with healthcare!
Pick & choose what Govt. Involvement you want
Who's getting all the money from high premiums paid by the American People, healthcare insurance 50% increase,higher deductibles,can't use
Insurance companies profit. Profiting off the health of americans.
And the pocketbooks of our corrupt government 
Why tf can't these people put petty party bs aside and come up with a bill that helps all Americans. Pharma and ins co's making billions
Sanders bill is the bill.

The Democrats want to control healthcare
Absolutely! All part of the Alinsky playbook.
The ACA was 95% a GOP plan that has been in development since Nixon and first established by @GOP governors. So yeah it is conservative.
They hate it because black guy actually had balls to implement it.
Pretty much. Party above country. Racism above party.
Graham is a two face rhino who took money from Killary and Soros. He needs to be taken down too
Single pay healthcare fir all, better than care for the rich
U got that right!!
It's easy to sit on your butt and criticize, which anything Bernie does deserves, but what have you done Sen Graham?
He's been Senator Songbird's aging boy toy..
Mr Senator there is nothing socialism about health care rather making sure that our fellow citizens get good or better health care.

No socialism we are capitalist you work for what you get that makes you free God bless us
Amen!!
They have been for decades now ! Time for the GOP to go nuclear with votes and stop fooling around with the Socialists . Also at @POTUS
Both are failures so it doesn't matter if Bernie Care makes Obama Care look conservative. Gov't shouldn't be in health care insurance.
case in point why Obamacare was a compromise.
So a compromise is when only one side agrees to something?  First I heard that.
Just because no republicans voted for it don't mean they didn't agree with it. They surely like 90% of what's in it.
1.  They don't agree with 90% 2. It could be 1% but if that 1% was that big of a deal then it would be all that matters.
This is a great plan and needs to get done.  Inundate your Senators with emails and calls to support it's passage. Just lit up my Senators.
Keep inundating your Senators with emails and calls to support it's passage. Contacted my Senators 3 days in a row. RT all your followers.
Graham/Cassidy bill repeals entire O'care architecture & gives states control to customize plans for the state's needs. Tell your Senators.
Don't forget to tell your senators.
The highly profitable insurance industry would be surprised to hear that Obamacare is socialism.
Welcome to the party! When did you realize things are FUBAR? #DoyourJob #DitchMitch #FireRyan #RepealandReplaceCongress
Graham don't be such a drama queen. Healthcare for all is responsible govt not a socialist state.
Well, the ACA was originally developed by conservatives as their idea to get to universal coverage.
What is your source for this information?
You will not accept the source when presented to you.
Could you not @ me in this? I already provided a source and it was acknowledged by LCR
Good to hear
Not socialism, But MEDIEVAL STEALTH SLAVERY
The Democrats already are Socialist!!

Universal healthcare doesn't work in nations 1/10th our size! There's no way you can cover 320M + 15M++ illegals when half pay no taxes
Lindsey we've known that for years! Glad you're waking up!
Single payer was to be the fix for when Obamacare failed. It would have been implemented by Hillary if she had been elected.
Ocare IS a conservative policy. That is why so many Ds didn't like it.
Why did the Ds vote for it if they didn't like it?
They voted for what they could get passed, but D people wanted public option in 2010. Don't sacrifice the good waiting for perfect.
Lindsey Graham talks out of both sides of his mouth it is time for him to go. They could have worked on health care before Obama left office but the republicans refused to. Time For McConnell to go to. Cotton to,he is Trump ‘s friend
The ACA was always a conservative program.
Lindsey, you are sounding like a dope.
Uh, compare Romneycare and Obamacare for me, would ya? Then report back.

Obamacare seems conservative because it is!
Mr. Graham, you do not represent SC. You represent only you #votedyer
SC voted for Trump. You voted Graham & still do. Get on board with SC. You are the Swamp. #votedyer
Not just talk like most tweeters. 2020 #votedyer
It's rare but on occasion I do agree with Lindsey.
Good! We already have the Union of Soviet Republics #PutinAndTrump
Let's be real. Both the #GOP & @DNC have adopted 'quasi-socialist tactics in the past 70 years'! #BernieCare is just full blown #socialism.
You guys are not far behind!!! Time to keep your promises to the ppl..or is that too much to ask??
You don't care about your supporters that's why you have your ridiculous plan
That's right u traitor! When r u going to join the dems and run along with Warren? Yiu cheat!
I agree. give us what you have
Why don't you politicians vote into law the same medical plan for your constituent's, that you voted for yourselves? We count; don't we?
Some call it better healthcare.   Deal with it.
Whats wrong with a bit of socialism people need to live.
It sure looks like the Democrats are still in charge, get off your ARSE Republicans.
Awesome news. Thanks.
Like the rest of the world. *Gasp*
I doubt that! Take insurance back to the way it was before Obummer care.
Better than GOP goosestep toward National Socialism.
Obamacare WAS the conservative alternative to public option or single payer
Healthcare is a right!
Senator saying he doesn't feel that ALL Americans deserve healthcare??? Is that what a Senator should b standing for? Find a way or go away.
Then why aren't you doing the JOB? 8 yrs? Obstruction! @GOP @GOPChairwoman REPEAL! Why won't you?
So continue your support of Corporate WELFARE, Lindsey! Corporate socialism for sure.
Let's go! Holland, Sweden, Finland, China... successful nations.
Keep in mind that people like Richard Nixon, and Ronald Reagan are liberal by today's standards... this isn't socialism this is what's right
Socialism is great when it takes care of people's health.  But you think it's great only when it pays for a stupid wall anyone could bypass?
How much do you pay for healthcare now?  Wouldn't it be better for u and your employees if you didn't have to worry about healthcare costs?
You sure? Canada/UK pay Half as much per capita because it cuts all the advertising and overhead and negotiate as single-payer.
How much time and effort do you guys spend on all the administrative bullshit? Prob have a full time employee in charge of it.
Employer sponsored plans are part of an employee’s compensation.
the employer pays it on behalf of the employee and calls it a benefit.
Whereas LindseyCare marches nowhere, because Graham has no spine.

(And LindseyCare is crap.  That too.)
block granting $$ to the states just means since I live in California I get fukd by my state gov instead of fukd by the fed gov.
Shows socialism is good.
@LindseyGrahamSC don't be nice Democratic Party been there for 30 yrs!
You people Repub or Demi no difference will March is country right off the deep end of financial ruin
And that's bad because?
Good!!!
if the bernie wing of the democratic party takes control. i'll vote republican
Yr just using the socialism label to scare vulnerable n naive ppl. Hlthcare for ALL is the only thing that's ok n it DOESN'T equal socialism
Utterly ridiculous.
Since the Republican Party has swan-dived into plutocracy and white supremacist fascism, I'll take my chances with affordable healthcare. 
Prefer Dem lean toward Socialism over GOP march toward fascism.
First of all google socialism. Then google democratic socialism. Stop living in iron curtain times.
And @LindseyGrahamSC is a fraud who will supply the left with their ultimate wet-dream. Amnesty for illegals. Just go away-girlie man.
Is the military bad?  They have government healthcare. 
We are more productive workers when we are healthy.
The costs are borne by citizens. Some go into huge debt when catastrophic illness or injury strikes. Are we a humane country?
Essential healthcare is often not paid for by insurance companies. Yet some things generate huge profits: drugs, devices, procedures.
What we've got now isn't working. Especially in mental health -- NC has destroyed their mental health system through privatization.
Are you calling every country that has Universal Health Care a Socialist country?  Canada, Sweden, England, just to name a few are def not!
We could take the obscene profit motive out of health care -- and take better care of patients.
We can save costs and lives with Medicare for all. And it's not government run healthcare-- it's a national insurance program.
My father helped bring the first hospice to SC in 1980s-- got the idea from NHS in 1973. Much more humane health care.
My family was in England in 1973 for my dad to study their National Health Service. Their health access and outcomes are better than US.
So is Graham.
Many seniors love Medicare.
And what if they made us all healthier?
Doesn't he know US is already the best example of socialism? Roads, schools, utilities, care for the poor, police, infrastructure, etc., etc
We already have socialism, Lindsey. It's called Medicare. Oh yeah and Medicaid. And you could also throw in Tricare for that matter.
and he just watches.
Start the breadlines and hyperinflation early
so,@BillCassidy got the good networks, and you got the fox. Not fair. And he's boring, so everybody is all about @SenSanders . #GCHJ
I've got news for you:They are marching towards Socialism,as is the US- a reaction to the rampant corporate exploitation unleased by Reagan
@LindseyGrahamSC, universal healthcare is not moving towards socialism. Why are we the only westernized country w/o it? GOP should fix ACA
Support Capitalism and the Free Market! There is an endless amount of health-based profit yet to be gained!! 
socialism  is  the  highest  form  of  communism  ???
Obamacare is conservative, silly person. It's the farthest right possible solution for the uninsured problem in the US.
Good!
Linds - come on
reaching reaching
health care for all should work if repubs don't try to sabotage
beating a dead horse
The dems are socialists. What are you thinking about?
Does that mean Canada is a socialist country? No, stop being ridiculous. America is the only major country not to provide healthcare
OCare is a moderate approach based on personal responsibility & traditional ins market principals & you all hated it b/c obstructionism.
Single Payer Medicare for all is the way to go you closeted queen. #ComeOutLindseyGraham
And the right is marching is step with Russia. So just stop it, comrades.
JUST FIX IT !!!!
You guys had 7 YEARS to have a plan and NOTHING.         JUST.....SHUT UP
#OBAMACARE was conservative, compiled and developed by the HERITAGE FOUNDATION and implemented by MITT ROMNEY before OBAMA!
Let the healthcare go back to the states and be competitive with healthcare insurance cost! Competitive pricing!
And yours a dictatorship so fuck off Lindsey.
Correction - Communism!  They need to be uprooted like dandelions to allow the seeds POTUS is attempting to plant to flourish!
No shit @LindseyGrahamSC!  Did you just realize this?
Marching in lock step with RINO's like Graham, McCain, Ryan, etc...
Kennedy addressed this dumb argument 60 years ago Time to join the 21st century dude
And banning muslims
Says the party who is isolating themselves out of the media, calling the media fake news, banning transgenders out of the military
GOP fear mongering 101.  Single Payer is the way to go, if everyone sat down and figured it out without outside $ influence, it can be done
As if that was ever in dispute?! Everything the Democrats Do is a Push toward Socialism. Like Gun Control is simply steps to Confiscation.
Socialism, as in: the US military, roads, Social security, police, fire, Ems...list is long. Socializing HC? Unthinkable! Profits > people!
And the republicans believe in white supremacy.
can't allow stooge bernie to win on this.
Good grief. Why are the gop so bent on keeping health care away from the poor, young, elderly people?
Please don't let this happen, can't imagine a majority would vote for this
Let the government employees try it out first and if it works out let us know

My employee-funded healthcare deductibles just increased by 100% for the 2nd yr. in a row.  Obamacare hurts EVERYONE - when will it stop!
Beats #Fascism
Go ahead Graham, Sell the Country out again!!!!
Pharma in your pocket? Britain, Canada, Cuba, France have affordable Health Care for all...Greed is the only reason USA does not. $$$= @GOP
What about GrahamCare dickhead? Take millions off healthcare and kill Americans? 
Toward socialism? They are there and Republicans are not too far behind.
Marching toward? They marched beyond that a long time ago.
Why can German insurers make millions with a zero copay system and you can't? Maybe we should get our insurance in Germany or out-source
TRIBAL STYLE AND MARXIST DR WHOO IS A DEAD END -WHY VISIT THE SAME NIGHT MARE MOVE ON
Does appear so.
Then the Republicans need to get behind President Trump the Democrats get in line for a horrible idea
Graham is all hot air. All he does is talk.
and the Republican party is marching towards fascism. I will take socialism, thanks.
Obamacare is a conservative plan
Well look who woke up. Where ya been?
And you opened the door fool.
The Democratic party NO LONGER EXISTS. It is now the NATIONAL SOCIALIST party thanks to the Clinton's and Traitor Obama. Let's hear TRUTH
Then fix and fund Obamacare. You are going too far the other way.
so sick of Graham's constant YAPPING but never doing anything like the other RINO obstructionist. he says he has solutions but NEVER happens
The Democratic Party should just come clean and call themselves the Socialist Party. Remind me again, which countries has socialism worked?
Im not pro socialism but don't they give ALL their ppl healthcare, homes n food? How is that not working instead of working?
Are you serious? Look at the lifestyles of the people of North Korea, India, China, Cuba... They have no hope to better themselves, #WakeUp
Don't forget Venezuela....

*has completed the march to socialism.
Obamacare was conservative! Lmao
And yet every Republican I know who is on Medicare, LOVES it!!!!!!  Go figure.
Graham Dems marched passed socialism & are bordering communism & anarchy!
And so do you. You need removed from office.
Bernie a dangerous man
.. will never work. Growing up in the U.K. NHS Can be good but majority of my friends pay for private HC!
The Democrats are Socialist
This is good being socialist is good.
Because socialism works so well! Bernie made his money has 3 houses from a capitalist country. Single payer.......
I wish I had faith that this would happen but incompetency seems to carry the day for Senate repubs
No more socialist than Western Europe or Israel. 
.@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC. These people lace been on this quest 4 a 100 years, even more. They continue trample person in2 groups,demonize.
in UK we have something like bernie care and its the best
What should we make sure all American receive healthcare when a select few can make billions off of it?
Forgot 2 say it's his fault along with the other cronies who do not want 2 work with the POTUS. Fears punitive backlash 4 their reelection 
Americans don't fall for lies from Dems and their MSM they have lied an cheated Americans in every way
Sen Graham's concept would eliminate the most costly layer of gov't in the health care formula!  Leaves more money for people finally!
Hey lightbulb, Bernie is NOT a democrat. Gee Lindsey who you trying to fool.
Just a reminder that @SenSanders is a liberal independent, not a socialist or a a member of @TheDemocrats.
Not the sane ones. Bernie is not a democrat and needs to GO AWAY! They are equivalent to the freakin Trump wackos.
Marching toward? Are you joking? They went to Socialism, looked around, said "Too Conservative", & went straight to Communism!!!
Obamacare was always a compromise @LindseyGrahamSC GOP to stupid & arrogant to accept it. 
Dimms marching toward Socialism? Repubs will  have to shoulder a lot of blame after doing absolutely Nothing with wht they had to work with.
No some are most are NOT. Republicans want us to divide. We are aware of what you want!
The Republican Party is marching with tiki torches & swastikas, chanting "Jews will not replace us." So don't worry about how we're marching
And republicans marching towards communism...
I just dont get why ppl think that it's wrong for our Great country to have healthcare for all. If u have evr not had healthcare u wud agree
Obamacare is conservative. It was the conservative approach to health care in the 90s.
Bernie is not a DEM
Bernie is not a Democrat.
Just like Social Security fool-healthcare for all like the rest of the modern world.
For an American politician to talk about socialism is like Trump talking about common decency:neither have a clue what they are talking abt
I believe #mitchmcconell colluded with @SenJohnMcCain  to kill the #Healthcare bill.
Welfare for everyone oh wait somebody's got to pay for it maybe Bernie could sell his three houses
Socialism for US - while no doubt politicians would keep their taxpayer-funded elite govt health carr plan
So, the UK is socialist then. Cool. Sometimes a big mouth is not quite enough. The occasional knowledge of history and Realpolitik can help
Also calling things socialist that 100% aren't socialist is something Germany did in the 1930s. Just saying.
U GOT THAT RIGHT great comment!! Sickening scare tactics
Says the guy who thinks it's a social responsibility to subsidize corporations. 
Socialism is awesome as long as the money goes up. Amirite?
The majority of Americans want Medicare for All. The majority of Americans donate less to the @GOP than insurance companies. #greed
Lindsey protecting his donors. Insurance is a scam to keep premiums high and ceos pockets fat. Free market has never fixed this problem.
Pretty sure they already arrived.
Why aren't you doing anything then?
@LindseyGrahamSC  #POTUS   Ronald Reagan said if socalism makes advances in America its face will be liberalism!!!  Socialism does not work
(Agree) that said, it seems  @LindseyGrahamSC is just critical of  others with no real solutions. What about your friend @SenJohnMcCain ?
You got a better idea, let's hear it.
Hahahahahaha probably cuz romneycare is conservative.
If you guys want to quit screwing the ACA and properly fund it so that you quit driving out choice and up prices in sure this could be diff.
You and your Rino buddies should get a backbone this time and stand up for America and not let this happen!
It better not be...thats why we elected you and your friends! @LindseyGrahamSC do your job please!!!!!
So, all Republicans including McCain & Murkowski??? Repeal  & let  professionals set the market. Pull catastrophic for gov to help.

Neither Dems or Repubs can lower healthcare costs by 80% with a market system, it's time to try single payer (like rest of developed world)
Spends more time dissing Berniecare than explaining why his plan is better.  What happens to premiums w/o mandate??
If only this were true
Trump Propaganda Channel, can someone ask Lindsey what he thinks Medicare is?
Ummm Bernie is not a democrat.
Pretty sure the @GOP is marching towards fascism!?!
