If your witness is unimpeachable...you let that witness talk about the event whenever they so choose.  Comey's word is golden.
Seriously, wilting lilly, that was some weak sauce for your Comrade in arms.
If more agency heads were asked by the President to look the other way on General Flynn, we should have a new president pronto.
We understand here in voter land, the messaging is to "carry on with business" from your masters at the @gop.
The Russians have openly weaponized our social media and voter registration information.
We have quite simply been attacked and invaded.
Stop standing in front of camera's, stating nonsense theories to support the tired, false narrative.
We know, in closed hearings, Donald Trump did request other agency appointees help in steering the Flynn case into the dirt.
Lindsey #Trumpwongetoverit You won't and McCain won't get endless wars or amnesty and open borders do you want a bottle  baby Lindsey 
The GOP  along with conservatism will die in the eyes of Young folks if u continue to allow this fraud to define it!!!
We do not know that. Lets wait until the investigation is over. We do know he tried to stop the investigation. WHY!!!!
But the Dems won't acknowledge this as it does not fit their political goals.
Lindsey are you really that stupid. There was no Russian http://colluding.You  just don't want to admit that Trump won the election fairly
Wat to early to come to that conclusion let's see his tax records first
I'm scared now, we are never going to see his taxes and power, $, and a corrupt GOP have damaged the Constitution and Country forever
We'll  get through it were America the constitution in the end will be held up Donald trump will either resign or be impeached peace sister
Does @realDonaldTrump = the people who he hired to work for him
OJ Simpson was not convicted either ; but that does not mean either trump or OJ are innocent.  Trump does not appear to be innocent
Where is your apology for propagating the Democrats fake talking points and false narratives on Russia collusion?? #UrAJoke
@GOP is GovOfPutin 
So the investigation is done? You know very well you start at the bottom to build to the top. Country over Party remember
Lining up with other #PutinPuppets. Does he think Americans are that stupid?
You're saying the special prosecutor can't prove collusion then why did he just hire the number one prosecutor in the United States
Trump most likely did collude with Russia in an roundabout way. He had many business dealings with him according to Eric.
No we do not "Now know that nobody can prove that Trump colluded with the Russians."  The American people are not idiots ... lots of smoke.
@sengraham2016. Think about what you said this morning. WTF?
How do we know? We didn't get to hear what Comey said to Intel Committee in private session! Fact is nothing has proven Trump DIDN'T collude
That's right media didn't want your interviews against Obama but now you can against our elected president get out of the way sissy boy
You weren't so prominent calling for Benghazi investigation where you I didn't see you in no media all that's right
Funny how you're pushing hard now though Obama has slush funds 1.5 billion to Muslim Brotherhood Association where were you?
All the corruption in the Obama Administration where was your call for all that investigation I can't remember hearing you call for s***
This clown talks a lot but does little.  He knows nothing about actually doing anything.
No just Flynn, Sessions, Manafort & Kushner as we follow the yellow brick road right to the Oval Office.
Time for ALL REPUBLICANS SUPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP. Establishment has opposed him and worked with Dems on FAKE COLLUSION.
Trump announced today in the rose garden that he would testify under oath so I think it's time that Congress lets him do that.
How can "we" KNOW this when Investigation is ongoing?
#FISA #RICO #RICO #RICO #TheResistance
Are you saying this because of the 800K you took from a pro-Putin Ukrainian man?
#HAHAHA.. YOU DO #REALIZE ONLY the #imbeciles & #simpleminds that voted for you #weasels buy you're #bullshit right?!? #alternativefacts
What does it take to alarm you? Beyond saying "Oh Wow." I liked you better when you destroyed your phone & said of Trump "He's a jackass."
@LindseyGrahamSC, you have proven yourself COMPLICIT in #TrumpRussiaCoverUp.  That's TREASON.
I'm a independent. Why is Trump not concerned about the Russian interference? Why no pressers without screened questions. Why?
I can smell the stink all the way up here in Ct. Americans need more answers. Has Russia taken over our congress? What's going on too?
You mean as of the day Comey was fired. He can't speak to where Mueller & DOJ are at now. What a careless assertion
Unfortunately for @POTUS and his legion of Fox News watchers, collusion with Russia might not be his only potential infraction.
Trump is a pathological liar. Thank you Comey for having integrity to speak the truth.
Trump lies and obstructs justice. Impeach now!
That is not actually true Senator. What are you trying to coverup. GOP = Guardians of Putin. Sad days in America with no patriots left @GOP.

I'm not so sure I agree 100% with your police work there, Lindsey. And stop speculating about a hypothesis. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/872861549983150081 …
He's trying to short circuit the investigation by announcing conclusions before it is finished.
It doesn't concern him that Trump repeatedly threatened Comey's job unless be pledged loyalty & threw an investigation?
It doesn't concern him that Trump never asked about the security of the country in all his conversations with Comey about his hide?
There must have been a promise of a high level job in the new Russian regime.
That's about as backhanded as it gets. 

An adult would have stated it as an adult.

#FewAdultsInCongressOrAnyLeadership
This testimony wasn't about collusion with the Russians it was about a obstruction of justice . And it does prove intent to obstruct justice
Ask Seth Rich....oh you can't!!!
he is dead, but the evidence is coalescing.
Sen Graham, U have either SOLD out, have dementia, Disgrace to SC You have gone to the DARK SIDE, TRUMP IS GOING DOWN.
How did Putin turn you?
You still trying to be a fanboy @LindseyGrahamSC? I "hope" you stay hitched to the (R) train. We see you putting it b4 
Hahahahahahahaha!!!!!
When you're President you don't get the luxury of that excuse, buck stops at him!
GOP continues to fail the American taxpayers and citizens.
Oh miss Lindsey, I wouldn't count on THAT
Who cares if YOUR tired of hearing about Russia ? Are you an AMERICAN?
Just had to add the "as of today" huh, still want to keep this nonsense going.. Yawn.
Why shouldn't the public see Trumps taxes Lindsey? Hypocrite
What horse shit. Another GOPer that believes in party over country. How the hell you came to your conclusion is laughable.
What the hell us wrong with Graham? Seriously.
Graham: Mueller has ruled out obstruction case if Comey is testifying http://hill.cm/J5CkhPd  
nice phrasing...Not denying that it happened, just that they can't prove it.
There's also potential money laundering with Iranians? Illegal loans from foreign states? ...I'm sure there are other things. He's dirty.
Oh Lindsehhh, we don't need any of that nasty collOOOsion...all we need is POTUS using the position to obstruct justice. That'll do, suhhh.
But we know from DT's mouth &Comey testimony he was fired because DT wanted the TrumpRussian investigation to go away. If no collusion why?
Most Americans work hard for their money and the taxes they pay. How much more is government going to waste on this dog and pony show?
your claim @POTUS ignorance/ learning curve is a TERRIBLE LIE. He can't be ignorant about himself but not about HC meeting on tarmac! GROSS
How about Obstruction of Justice?  You all cannot hide that, nor can you "Republican" that.  Focus on that, prosecute for that, then Treason
I don't know what was up with the @GOP but I'm pretty sure Hillary Clinton didn't collude with the Russians to hack herself & elect Trump
<Sigh>
How on Earth do we know this? The Hearing is continuing behind closed doors be cause it's Classified and part of the On Going Investigation.
But we also cannot disprove it.
@SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC both are complicit and should resign sooner than later
We don't know that yet. Comey testified as to the investigation when he left. That was a mo. ago.
and we know of nobody who can't + where there's smoke there's fire mister senator.
Why are we supporting RINOS like Graham that spend more time trashing the BASE?  WHY?
Ah, wishful thinking by Graham. We don't know that.
Graham is complicit. He is scum.
ooooo. bad  news for the Fake News....im sure they will come up with something. i got an idea. Clintons Email Server!
Who's looking out for America? They all have trumps YUGE BACK.
That makes no sense.  We can never know that nobody can prove something.  What are you saying?  Comey suggests he had something to hide.
Barack Obama under the same circumstances... different conclusion. You know that's the truth!
Yeah, how about opening their minds instead of being attached to their parties. They serve #ThePeople not party.
Trump obstructed justice by leaning on Comey to end Flynn investigation. THAT IS A FELONY. SHAPE UP SENATOR. GET ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF THIS.
The President might lie-wow
Wilting like the daisy he is...
such a delicate boy..
We know no such thing and you know it. Also, obstruction has been established. Do your damn job and impeach. #trumprussia #impeachtrump
Nice view sitting on the fence Senator? History will judge you sir, and find you wanting.
What a little ...as a Christian I cant think it. 
And, you allow our Democracy to fall to the Russians.  You are a sad testimony to how bad the GOP has fallen.
Like that's the only issue at play here?
How this statement may come back to bite you!
That doesn't mean his campaign didn't and it would appear key members of that campaign. Don't believe for one second Trump didn't know.
If a Democrat did this, Mr. Graham would be singing a different tune! Hypocrites!
Be the defender of ALL people.  Please don't follow the others down the sleazy red path protecting POTUS  regardless just to push agendas 
Collusion is not necessary!  We know the election was illegitimate.  Tipped to Trump by foreign power. Congress needs to fashion a remedy.
Sen. Lindsey Graham wants to open a congressional investigation of President Donald Trump’s business dealings. May 2017- CBS
Graham on voter fraud charge "I would urge the President to knock this off...This is going to erode his ability to govern this country"
Graham called Trump a “jackass” & “race-baiting, xenophobic, religious bigot,” he suggested the Republicans should kick him out of the party
Senator, I've given u a hard time but I still believe u are a patriot-thoughtful and smart. Most important HONEST. Please keep country first
As of this day, talking points rule over patriotism. No one can prove that R's in Congress aren't colluding with Russia.
Do not let today's hearings provide cover for the GOP to kill Obamacare to give tax breaks to the ultra wealthy.  Awfully convenient timing.
What a resounding defense
So proud you rt it?

You should be ASHAMED.

Ashamed of who you are, what you stand for, and what your party has become. 

SHAME SHAME SHAME
we also know, with renewed clarity, that Trump is unfit for this job and thinks he's a king.
Oh Lindsey, I remember when I thought you were one of the more decent ones but I thought Trump was done after he went after @SenJohnMcCain
As of this day we know @POTUS is guilty of #ObstructionOfJustice
AS of Today, Investigation after numerous attempts at obstruction (Nunes, Chafftez, Trump etc) has just gotten started with SP, Senate etc.
As of the day Comey last talked to Trump as far as he knew, not even one day in the future; maybe CIA was investigating.
As of this day. That's a CYA response.
1 question..... WHYARETHERESOMANYPEOPLEWITHRUSSIANTIESINWH??!!
The investigation has a long way to go
So, @LindseyGrahamSC, what would you consider obstruction of justice? It sure as heck feels like @POTUS is trying to stop investigations.
Didn't you get $800,000 from a Putin associate? #RICO
You will go down in history as a traitor to this nation~have fun wrecking your career and name for defending Trump
Quit embarrassing yourself and the country
The worst thing to come out of #SouthCarolina is recent years is #LindseyGraham. All he wants to do is #defend #trump. How about #America?
Right? Who's looking out for America!
The biggest cover up in the history of our nation.
"As of this day...". This investigation is just unfolding. Democracy is at work and the truth will be born out. It must for our democracy.
GOP will cover up at all cost. The throw their own under the bus
And Trump will throw all of them under the bus when it's in his interest. He's proven that he isn't loyal to his supporters, just demands it
In Putin's attempt to assassinate our democracy, Trump was Dr. Mudd instead of JW Booth. He may not hang, but Trump=Russia, his name is mud.
Truth never good enough for the inteviewer @NorahODonnell Your bias continues to shine through.Not about unbiased reporting.King much better
Lindsey, Lindsey, Lindsey. Bless your heart.
Hahahahaha. You took the words out of my mouth
@NorahODonnell All of a sudden he has become Trumps best friend! ALWAYS party before country
Complicit
Not accurate. He can't know what Mueller has.If so he's revealing Classified info. We know as of the last date in ltr DT was not und. invest
I hope you are done with this story.  Move on please...
@NorahODonnell @LindseyGrahamSC   What a lovely straight face you have, senator.
@NorahODonnell @LindseyGrahamSC  Senator would deny collusion even if he saw Russians hand DJT a bag of money; hypocrite
Perhaps thats why we have investigations. These things arent nicely wrapped up in a 60 minute TV movie.
B/c he did not. Clinton's have more contact w/Russia. We do KNOW corrupt media/dems/dnc colluded (cheated) #enemyofthepeople
Look over there!!!  The Clintons!!!!
Well... there's always tomorrow
Actually as of day Comey last told Trump...not today. Even yesterday, McCabe/Rosenstein confirmed criminal investigations NOW under Mueller
Anonymous: CIA “Deep State” Mastermind Behind War To Destroy President Trump Revealed
on what basis?
Excellent question.
Why vote 9 times to block a bill for Trump's taxes! Follow the money, everyone is invested tied to Rosnef. Why? Chemical Putin is sanctioned
Never mind he wants to give pooty and company back the compounds. Or the fact that NO American journalists are allowed to cover their mtgs
Senator, #Complicit #ComeyHearing #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Parse what Graham said. At that point, it couldn't be proved on the grounds of proffered testimony and/or evidence. That'll change...SOON!
Don't forget, there are reasons why no 1st, o even 2nd tier Washington, DC law firms will take Trump as a client. p1
Don't forget, MANY of DC's top firms have attys WITH high level security clearances. Trump. Is. Dirty. He's also a deadbeat. #RESISTANCE
Lawyers rep dirty clients all the time, but they really hate deadbeats.
MAJOR DC Law Firms don't want to be connected w/Treason. And, let's be honest, "Billable Hours," are created w/an expectation of PAYMENT.
Exactly.
Somebody/Russia must have pictures of Lindsey. Nobody changes their values overnight unless they are under duress or never had values at all
Him and McCain have flip flopped continuously. They spk against DT, but pass all noms and legis. He's towing party line.
