Stolen seat. We have not forgotten.
who is doing the Russian investigation? What about Trump tax forms? Do you know who owns his debt? Look into it.
this should be Merrick Garland.
please please please pretty please vote against DeVos. Don't play political games with our children.
like you met with Merrick Garland?
I look forward to you VOTING NO FOR BETSY DEVOS! SC is watching Senator!
Please do NOT support this man!  I don't mind a conservative but he is so right of conservative as to be a fascist
I agree Sen Graham.  As a now independent-former Rep he looks like a responsible and competent jurist.
Never
#MerrickGarland
Judge Garland deserved that same respect almost a year ago, don't you think? Such a shame.
Dear Mr.Graham, My religion is humanity. My language is knowledge.My goal is to use science to help all people of the world
HE  IS A TRATOR TO THIS OUNTRY.
#StolenSeat
You need to vote no on all of these & concentrate on impeaching Trump. GOP will be stained with Trump for a very long time.
I believe this. I'm not dangerous for the US. Please believe us.pleas belive Iranian youth. We are not Terrorists.
Reminding you about Merrick Garland. He is your nominee.
You mean Neil Gorsuch, the founder of the FASCISTS FOREVER CLUB when he was in college? Have fun.
Goatsuck is a draft dodging America hater. Why does Sen. Graham hate veterans and supports draft dodgers like Goatsuck??
Because the US protection has done up until now. But not even allowed to enter the US with a visa.
I don't get why @VP claims to speak for all Americans and justifies undermining constituion....he's out of line--WRONG
Maybe he can tell you about the Facism Forever club he used to have.
Founder & president of Fascism Forever all 4 years of high school at Georgetown Prep?! Wow! 
NO vote for DeVos-Unqualified!
Senator, please meet with Merrick Garland, the actual nominee, hold a hearing to discuss his qualifications, and vote.
please vote NO on DeVos in the morning. Please!
I hope the rhetoric out of @POTUS is of concern--wonder if this associate justice will not cave to @POTUS Authority.
Oh yeah? How'd your meetings with Justice Garland go? Oh, wait...
oh wow. Shame on you. This is disturbing. When will you do what's right?!
Anyone who thinks that a corporation is a person is insane.  The corporate shill is not worthy of the Supreme Court.
don't count on democrat support; we'll just follow your lead from last year.
This is Trump's last year. Shouldn't we wait?
try to at least ACT like u r a Republican when you meet with Gorsuch. U and Mccain have us all fooled. #62MillionStrong
We have enough men in positions controlling Women's Reproductive Systems, Life decisions. Govmt doesn't own women bodies.
How many other meetings with fascists do you have today? Will you be wearing a new hood and robe? Did Bannon design it?
I am a young inventor from Iran who was invited in 2017 by Inpex. I hope that your country supports inventors and elite.
where's that respect to garland?.
Corrupt government of Iran has destroyed the lives of young people in 38 years.
We want to help you to support Iran's youth
please use your influence to prevent Devoss' appointment. She is an embarrassment to education.
dear MR.Graham,please believe that iranian people are not terorist. We have torment from 38 years till now.
you need to look forward to saving our country from trump & please please I am begging you- find a reason to impeach him
ask him about the fascist club he started in prep school. Sure it was a laugh riot!
Even Gorsuch knows you stole the seat you want him to take. That is because he is a good guy, not like you.
why you have the rubber stamp out already
.@LindseyGrahamSC gonna ask him why he started a "Facist Forever" club or nah?
@SenJohnMcCain Trump Undo sanctions with Russia and FSB. Will Republican senators stop this and protect constitution?
MUST be a part of you that knows this unstable dictator will ruin our beautiful country. Pls fight!
what is with gorsuch and fascist club he formed at his prep school in georgetown??
let us know how this meeting compares to your meeting with Merrick Garland. K thanks bye!
time to step up. Russian sanctions lightened?
WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU!!!  THE FSB CAN SPY ON US NOW.   GOP SAYS ZILCH
IF YOU ARE NOT CALLING FOR IMPEACHMENT BY THE END OF THE DAY YOU MIGHT AS WELL BE GUILTY OF TREASON TOO
#ImpeachTrump
what are you going to do about Russia sanctions? something more than tough talk?
as a democrat seeking unity -- Dems need to allow this appointment to go through.  Help us on other issue, Senator Graham?
You need to help Trump, not make his job more difficult Shame on you-I would never vote for you for anything-coward
shouldn't you wait?  Mid terms are just around the corner. Let the people decide.
. Not acceptable. Anti-women. Christo-centric bias in favor of businesses over citizens. GOP should not change rules.
Facism forever? Sigh. At least ask Gorsuch about this.
Let the Kleptocratic States of America begin! No sanctions on our FSB Komrades.
excited to meet the president of the Fascism Forever club, are ya?
How was your meeting with Merrick Garland?
Focus on stopping the dangerous man in the WH. I only hope something is in the works behind the scene. Wake up.
thank u for some of yur responsible responses to Trump insanity. Wish u had been as responsible when Garland was nominated
Going to help us w/ Russia/Trump collusion or not? It would be good to know if we have anyone left who cares about the US.
The Narcissist-in-Chief is too busy with insults & threats to everyone (foes, allies alike) EXCEPT Pootie. Got it yet?
@SenJohnMcCain @SenateGOP How about we talk about easing of sanctions on Russia.What kompromat do they have on you already?
Remember Merrick Garland?  No?  Such a convenient and short memory.  The hypocrisy is beyond words.
Hypocrite! #resist
He's against the woman's right to birth control and abortion. Doesn't leave a lot of options for men, just vaseline.
Just ask him to protect the Bill of Rights.  Liberty and Justice for all, please.
, we block u! #TheResistance!
Hey, Trump just relaxed sanctions on the FSB. I'd rather talk about that.
@louisemensch so would a lot of us.
#norubberstamp. #MerrickGarland
He should get in line; you still haven't considered the real nominee, Merrick Garland #StolenSeat
if you are doing this to protect your job forget it. No integrity means no reelection. Read below. We'll remember.
sorry Sen Graham, I can no longer support you! I see little to no accomplishments from you. You seem to be part of problem
maybe u can talk about how to remove an insane despot from the presidency
ask him about his Fascism Club he started in college. That should be an enlightening conversation.
I believe that Obama is still telling you what to do.  Outside of your brown nosing circle, WE wish you would shut up.
Please remember the constitution and say, no, to Gorsuch and yes, to Merrick Garland.
Will be interesting to hear how he compares with Judge Garland, who I'm sure you met with also. To be fair...
first question: do you think Merrick Garland deserved confirmation hearing?
Why bother with a meeting, you'd confirm Lucifer himself if Bannon, I mean Trump, told you to. #StopPresidentBannon
Judge Neil Gorsuch, FOUNDER & CEO of Fascist Forever club. REALLY?
please ask if he thinks his colleague, Judge Garland, was treated fairly. & please report back on his response.
what about Yemen?  Where is the damn investigation to how this happened that a service man was killed???
Glad you're not going to let Russian intrusion in our election process go away! Thank you.
Can you ask him about his Facism Forever club he founded and was CEO in HS? No excuses from a Harvard bound
#Garland 's seat. Nobody but Garland. #indivisable
So sad for our country
term limits please
did you meet with Obama's nominee as well?
Please ask him his constitutional opinion of how Merrick Garland's appointment was handled by Congress.  #AskingforaFriend
you shut out Judge Garland. Judge Garland should be protecting our constitution! Republicans are NOT serving the people.
ask him about his Fascist forever club
Merrick Garland.  When is that meeting?
it's always good to enjoy the fruits of ones theft
Looking forward to your growing a spine.
I hope at some level you are ashamed.
Remember, you work for WE THE PEOPLE. We reject hate and fascism. #JudgeGarland
Maybe he'll let you join the #FascismForeverClub
Do you not see the hypocrisy in GOP blocking Garland and then expecting the Dems to pass Gorsuch???
Ask him about his Fascism publication!!
be sure to ask him about being the president of the Fascists Forever club in High School
Please consider saving our children's dreams Vote NO DeVos! Can't answer simple questions about public education.
#teacher
#stolenseat #stolenelection #stolenpolitics by a #dirtyGOP–#WeThePeople will not forget previous #obstructionism
are you going to ask about his fascist hate group?
if you honored the constitution that would be Garland u have along with the rest dishonored the constitution treason
@VetsAgnstTrump Extreme vetting for #SCOTUS
So you're basically saying you don't care about American women? You know that we vote, right? #NeverForgiveNeverForget
@VetsAgnstTrump Did you see where he was in a Fascism club?
Ask him about his Fascist club
while you're at it, vote no for DeVos. Seriously. Be the Republican with a backbone.
asking him if he's still pro-fascism? Better yet don't and make a stand, pen a letter to renominate Garland! #SpeakUpForUS
How was your meeting with #MerrickGarland .
I never thought "all politicians are horrible" ... until now. Thanks for that.
I don't care. I DO care that the Pentagon didn't authorize Trump's raid in Yemen, which was a disaster.
Since Trump has filled to be a candidate in 2020, looks like the primary season is underway and we should table this @LindseyGrahamSC
While you're there, please ask him about the Facism Forever club he founded while attending Georgetown Prep.
Graham please help the GOP to stop this madness! Donald is warmongering and people will die, this isn't the right way.
And btw, how is that #Trumprussia #russia investigation coming along? #traitor
watch next he'll becoming after Your LGBT rights!
PLEASE vote against DeVos.
Nancy Reagan said it best, "just say no".
#merrickgarland #scotus
That’s great and all, but please reconsider DeVos. She is unfit.
I'm sure he's a lovely man w/credentials, but is he too pro big business? Will he protect environment?
are you worried about lack of intelligence in Yemen raid? Very dangerous. hold admin to as high standard as Obama.

Democrats press Ryan on nondisclosure rules http://politi.co/2jFocFC 
I have tried to have faith in you as my senator but it becomes evermore clear that you too will put party before country.
Yes...forever is a long time.When I was in high school I was VP of our diversity group. I still hold by that 25 years later
#StopGorsuch #MerrickGarland
maybe you should wait til the next election to choose a new justice?
Please do not do allow anyone to invoke the so-called nuclear option and abandon the 60-vote threshold for confirmation.
VOTE NO
how about you regrow your spine and be true to your morals again?
Merrick Garland!!!!!
Save Merrick!
vote no
GOP IS dead
What about Merrick Garland?  He was qualified.  Did you meet with him?
tell him Obama & popular vote don't  approve of his appointment. #SCOTUS #StolenSeat #ObamaLegacy
We should already have an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.. Honorable Merrick Garland.
Please don't rubber stamp another Trump minion! Please think about the interests of the American people and OUR democracy.
Well, don't blow it. Show respect.
" FACISM FOREVER!" Is that the new slogan to be sewn into our flag? Should I get t-shirts made? 
and voting NO on DeVos!
Why would you support a strict Constitutionalist? Your voting record would suggest otherwise.
will you ask him to leave my uterus out of his decisions please?
@postandcourier Enjoy your last term. RINO
How was your meeting with Judge Garland?
Your Republican supporters in SC look forward to your meeting with Judge Gorsuch on our behalf and knowing your opinion.
remember Merrick Garland?  History will not speak kindly of you.  Do the right thing for the people of USA
history won't speak kindly to entire GOP from 2012-20. They're endorsing a dangerous totalitarian
what about Merrick Garland's nomination? This constituent from Travelers Rest, SC 29690 and others are curious.
Hello from the Lowcountry. Looks like we've got a lot of work to do before 2020.
we sure do but I'm excited to work and have our voices heard!
Ditto. SC seems like a good enough place for a grassroots movement to get some reps that actually listen to us.
yes - I recently moved here from Massachusetts so a bit of a political culture shock but have found other like minded
Founder of Fascism Forever Club at his prep school.  On the SCOTUS?   My God!
Make sure you ask him about his Fascist club!
#MerrickGarland deserved to be met with too. Stop dividing our country and #DoYouDamnJob #Unify
What about Garland? The Constitution? Spineless weasel allowing a Russian stooge to nominate a SC justice.
Meaning I would vote for the devil if it was the GOP way
You mean the guy who founded "Facism Forever"? How can you consider this man viable? Shame on you.
I am against his nomination. Both Rs & Ds need to pick centrist & stop this senseless bickering.
Madam you are 100% correct
Looking forward to when the GOP has some balls and stands up to Trump and corruption, colluding with Russia, COEs, etc...
#noDevos How about some spine on deVos? #resist the demagogue.
I'm sure that will be a mutual honor,Sen.Lindsey Graham,Thank You! Always Sir!! Happy Groundhogs Day! This Thursday
The founder of the "Fascism Forever" club? A grave disappointment to hear this.
This was an 80s era jab aimed at Dems of the time for calling Regan a fascist.Doubt hes a fascist,but I still don't like him.
We didn't appreciate what fascism would look like in the US back then. He's pretty fascisitic on women/LGTBTQ/corp rights
I'm just saying that calling him a fascist is a bit extreme,and like I said, I am not a fan of his politics.
you can't seriously be treating the process with respect, now, after obstructing for almost a year?
Even a broken clock is right twice a day! Good job songbird mini-me
ask him why he founded the Fascism Forever party in college
PLEASE vote AGAINST DeVos--a billionaire know nothing who would kill our schools
will you ask him about his Fascism club?  Or nah?
Sincerely hope you are planning to tell him that he will not be confirmed.
grab him by the pussy!!
If only you treated Judge Garland, and the Constitution, with the same respect.
loosing faith in you, sir
Tell him Merrick Garland says "Hi."
