was graham an attorney on the Love  Boat?
Sen. Graham is still pissed he lost to @realDonaldTrump now he's a Republican imposter sounds he working for the Democrats #DcDirtyCriminals
Sen. Graham is working for the people of his state, regardless of party. I wish I could say the same about my two Senators.
I'd like to say that about the President!
All liberals have the same robotic answers not my president I'm this I'm that so I have to hate someone we disagree with.
Kind of like the fake news,Obama Muslim, HRC emails. Yawn.
The only changes Obama did were to the digits of his bank account if Hillary did nothing then how do say @DonaldJTrumpJr did anything
Not a good answer , he can't even say Russia is our enemy ?!
Why do you want another nuclear power as an enemy ? Why not try and work with them , you people are dangerous in my opinion...
You don't work with Russia. It is a country that would wipe the US off the map if they thought they could get away with it.
You always keep your enemies close ...
So that's why KY keeps electing McConnell. Got it.
Sen. Graham is a Republican Imposter
Just looked at 100's of dems supporting graham on twitter. He's on cnn constantly. I think he's the new head of Dnc. No longer a Republican
I wonder if he thinks the Russians are the reason he's not presedent? We put dumb ass's...like this in charge of our future! Drain the swamp
Compromised!
Look at my bio, it's been the same for a yr now
It's a way to kill if great Americans that would become our future leaders. The great Americans die in useless wars.
What? There's no rhyme or reason for who dies or who survives in a war -- that's part of the difficult burden returning soldiers carry.
Great to see a Rep. Senator ask the ?'s that needed to be asked. Didn't seem to be walking on eggshells to please his boss.
Depends on whether you are democrat or republican. Hahaha.
Too bad you are not so vocal about the crimes with real evidence committed by your loyal friends in dem party Mr. RINO. We know what u r.
Evidence Shows that Russia Interfered With Our Election s Steve Summer s NSA Agent @BobSMueller @MaddowBlog @TheLastWord @nytimes @WSJ
Why does Graham want to promote fear so badly? Doesn't he know most of Miami, NYC and LA owned by Russian money?  #wtf
when will Trump supporters realize they support a traitor
Is graham a rat, yes he is!
Graham qs on third-grade level and what about Wray law firm Russia ties...kind of complicates things
A coward dies a thousand deaths...
Russian interference prevented a republican president like @LindseyGrahamSC who tells the truth and gets things done
I pray u r not on armed services committee.  Our military might just say goodbye 2 this congress which is now an enemy of US not defending
Both Steve Summer s NSA agent and Andrew McGregor NSA agent have been compromised they work for the Russians@MalcolmNance @RepAdamSchiff
Why can I, as a simple citizen, say that Russia is our enemy and the guy who will be in charge of FBI can't? One of his few wrong answers!
Graham & ALL @SenateGOP @HouseGOP PRETEND TREASON is NOT happening ON THEIR WATCH. UNAMERICAN! I am so ASHAMED of my government.
Wray is not someone who will restore confidence in anything!  He is cagey and that's why Trump nominated him.  Vote against confirmation!
Good job Mr. Wray.
Both McGregor and Steve Summer s have been Comprised! they Work with The Russian s @jbarro @SenCapito @SenDeanHeller @SenatorCollins
This,has Been Proven Already Andrew McGregor NSA Agent @WikiLeaksToday @CREWcrew @shaneharris
It's obvious you're still pissed you lost to Trump , if you had a backbone and went after hillary the way u go against Trump , traitor...
graham pitching watermelons
Hey  I would rather have two nuclear powers trained on me then three , why piss off Russia and have another one on my ass ? Your dangerous .
Sem Graham U disappointed all who believed in yr search 4 truth when it came 2 questioning Wray He never answered appropriately 4 position!
Wray chosen by Trump works at firm that works with Russian firms, some tied to Kushner & Trump businesses & Tillerson's Exxon pals. 
Sen Graham, thanx 4 putting country b4party.  I have new respect 4 u, & I like that u have grit. Xcellent questioning. #fbidirector #trump
Evasive response. Russia has been no friend selling arms to nations that have killed US troops.
Why aren't you questioning this suspicious Russian settlement that Sessions made with the Russian lawyer that met with Don, Jr.?????
Graham is an embarrassment to the Rep party....time for his grandstanding to stop!
has MsLindseyGraham ever seen an anti-Trump cock she wouldn't swallow?
Senator Graham do you not find that John McCain getting dossier from same woman set up to meet @DonaldJTrumpJr was a set up? Also, do
Why are you spreading lies about how McCain and FBI got the Steele Dossier?
I say enemy they r not friends
Wray gave a nicely nuanced response that contrasts nicely with the usual hysterical political response.
Do not waste time and public money. Stop this probe. Let the special counsel deal with every issue.
Democracy is not suitable for every nation. Look at ourselves. We are trying to destroy each other
Has anyone even seen the proof who exactly did hack into the dnc?  We are only going by what the media states!
Why can't we be friend why can't we be friends 
Can you please question or even explain !
http://thehill.com/homenews/admin …
The #GOP loves to throw the word #patriot around but Sen #LindseyGraham truly is an American patriot.
Thank you, Mr. Graham, for standing for America.  We need your strength on this topic.
Lindsay Graham, was Russia an enemy when u met with them,  Get out of the cold war, every country has it evilness, including USA
DON'T TRUST THIS WORM!! America doesn't need another Trump swamp snake in OUR White House!
You think your strong  your not the president your just a bad loser and hopefully in 2 years you will loose your sit in South Carolina
Is Russia a friend or foe? Come on Lindsey....Ask him something. You did it JUST to make the CBS news. Dishonoring the office. A joke.
Russia is our enemy-think of your play ground & the bullies who roamed it. The top 3, 4 were always trying 2 get 2 top of the heap
As in "no shit Sherlock".  Real keen insight...
Did @SenJohnMcCain file a contact report on the foreigner from whom he obtained a Fake dossier? Support @POTUS #MAGA
RT! #SignThePetition !!
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC for the real questions today. Refreshing.
I think Wray should have made a stronger statement re Russia
Republicans don't respect or trust Graham. You can have him
Graham grandstanding.
Lindsey Graham is a cuck.
Why is this guy trying to start WW3
Graham wants war with Russia
Russia is neither a friend nor enemy. They are competitors in the world much like two companies who produce the same services/products
Listen up we live in SC this was 1st state to carry our POTUS we are sick & tired of yours & McCains grandstanding on the news #NotReelected
Thank you Senator @LindseyGrahamSC - PROTECT USA

Patriots need you to STAND UP TO TRUMP & Weak @GOP #Traitors
#TrumpRussia
Your question was ridiculous.
Really Graham why are u trying to obstruct the Mueller investigation? You and Grassey. I ask bc:
He should've had the balls to state point-blank ENEMY.
@LindseyGrahamSC  You are my hero!  All I want is Congress members who will do the right thing regardless of party affiliation.
at least Sen @LindseyGrahamSC has some decency
I've heard of damned by faint praise, but this was praised by faint damning.
Wtf?  Why can't he say "Yes Sen. Graham! They are a hostile foreign enemy"?  Is it that hard?
You're a sleaze!!!   RINO!!!
MEAN GIRLS...BUDDY BUDDY WITH U BUT TALK SMACK BEHIND YOUR BACK!
THAT MEANS FRE-NEMY...NO BRAINER.
Still mad at @LindseyGrahamSC but damn, he's good
Graham, like McCain is a warmonger
Good answer. They have been interventionist since the czars. It's their national character.

If calling U SNOWFLAKE is disrespectful so imaging calling every MUSLIM of terrorist! https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … &  https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
Can you go have a chit chat w/@senorrinhatch . He's on the party over country train.
If I live in NY and someone has info in Calf. and we email each other I will not pay to fly not knowing they have nothing ,just email me
No ----our enemy.
WHY DOES KUSHNER STILL HAVE SECURITY CLEARANCE?
Cooperate with Russia to solve the problem in Middle East by destroying Iss and bring back millions of displaced families in their homeland.
Ever since Boris Badenough and Natasha we've been enemies.
My concern is Wray had Russian connections scrubbed from his resume.
I think u, McCain & dems r a bigger threat to the US than RUssia. U embarrrass us, make huge mistakes waste money & disrespect our @POTUS
"Is @LindseyGrahamSC a Republican, a RINO, or a Democrat?". People with more than 2 neurons: "He's a shame."
Drain the Swamp!
Lindsey is a moron!
It's called international relations - a grey area for a reason. There'd be constant war worldwide if it were as simple as only friend or foe
@LindseyGrahamSC Lindsey, you are a dichotomy. You were awesome in the questioning today but vote no on healthcare bill!
There are so many IMPORTANT QUESTIONS you should have asked - but no surprise - you were grandstanding as usual. You & McCain need to go.
Good answer and true.
Better to have them as friend then foe specially if your going against north korea and china
He was slow to answer this. U had to feed him the answers. Trump picked him so I have my reservations.
Trump already has his loyalty pledge whether he says so or not if he can't call Russia an enemy.
He has Russian clients at law firm he works for!
Oh. Dear. Are we nervous yet @LindseyGrahamSC ?
Sen Graham.  Just leave already.  Retire and vote Dem
Tired of Graham and "FAKE" spy GOP'ers need to go. We need an end to the OLD GOP (Globalist Opportunist Preachers)
You are the biggest grandstander there is sir.
What are you freaking nut quit smoking marijuana
Graham is a Repocrat the worst kind of politician With Dem you know what your going to get Their as bad as.@CNN but a Repocrat pure scum
Obvious to everyone but Trump, who loves dictators and especially "manly" ones like Vlad.
Wow.  Is wray a Trumpster?
But Vlad loves Trump!!!
Thank you, @LindseyGrahamSC.
Graham is a Repocrat & every.@POTUS supporter will VOTE HIM OUT guaranteed We aren't Russia Sen We R the people who will end your career
Your a sell out & enjoy your time in office because this is all the time you have left Every .@POTUS supporter will vote you out
Sen enjoy your days as a Sen There will be no Republicans in your corner when it's time for reelection Any 1 but you will hold that seat
You think your above us? Sen you have lost your mind 1 word & your out of office your nothing but a Repocrat & you will be voted out
Trump popular with Christians, Working Class, Veterans & Police. Media's unnamed sources say their colluding with Russians against Hollywood
Good God, could we be more Evasive????
Sen every .@POTUS supporter will pick anyone except you when your up for reelection & don't worry it won't be the Russians either
I'm guessing you do realize Sen that the millions of .@POTUS supporters will not support you & that means your out of office U R a Repocrat
2016 Natalia Veselnitskaya Defense Atty #FusionGPS versus #PreetBharara #MuellerInvestigate #SteelePortfolio #DNC #Podesta #UkraineCollude
Well thank goodness.  It sounds like he's been paying attention in class at least. #thisisrediculous
Simple question, simple answer.
Did you think you could just do this & Trump supporters would say heck go for it Or do you think like.@chuckschumer you will be voted out
Thank you for putting country over party!
@Lindseygraham, why don't you move to the dem-side? WTF! You know better... Mueller is a fixer, you & mccain are traitors, HRC is a criminal
Thank you for your tough questions Sen Graham! #ImpeachTrumpNow
Not real concerned about Hillary's Russian ties. Wonder why?
RUN FOR PRESIDENT SIR! I WILL ALWAYS VOTE FOR YOU!!!
Hey di×kbrains, u can say Russia Russia Russia until u r blue in the face. It's a hoax AND WE KNOW it's a hoax.
Forgot about Hillarys emails Lindsay?
I can't wait to vote against you next year!! Sickening puke would rather have Hill?! You are why term limits are needed
You're intellect is abysmal, look a Russian behind that tree! oh my! little deep state selfish interest,I won't forget you &Mccain got to go
Make no mistake... Lindsey Graham is a never Trump SNAKE & therefore a never middle America snake.
Thanks Senator for your questions today. I have to say I am not feeling good about this man.  His answers to you were not acceptable.
r u crazy to let this man in our FBI whf
DJTjr did NOT meet with Russian government. Have you met with that lawyer? DeSantis "she's been on the Hill lobbying" for a while.
Could you get over Russia and work with this president? You are so anti trump because you are part of the swamp. Work with trump or get out!
Why won't you just go away!! Your ego is much larger than your intelligence
Assuming a lot Senator
Just because CBS reports something does not make it true. Russia is not our enemy.
There is STILL NO PROOF that Russia was behind the DNC and Podesta hacks!

Where is this evidence? 

Total BS! Look at #Vault7!
That is the same as India, Germany, China & other antagonist countries
JFK thought they could be our friend apparently the Soviets Agreed https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus1961-63v06/d21 …
I think America is waiting to hear hardline answers, and everything sounds watered down and unsatisfying.
Boy we need Lindsey out of our govt, he needs to be locked up, #larrymizel #mossad he is such a criminal
Another Trump appointee who loves Russia. Vladimir owns the WHITE HOUSE. #LOCKTHEMUP
Except Wray has ties with Russia. I hope they ask him about those ties.
Your granite face should be on Mount Rushmore
Wrong answer... Sen Graham is a patriot who puts country above party
Has every Senator & Rep filed a contact report on every foreigner they have encountered over the last 5 years? Support @POTUS #MAGA
I just saw Russian immigrants on America's Got Talent. Do we have to file a contact report for watching them? Support @POTUS #MAGA
Israel is our ally and yet it spied on us. Distinction about friend or foe is false distinction. Issue should be foreign or American.
Graham is toast in 2018.
Does that go for HC getting info from Ukraine?  Or she gets a free pass! Equal justice under the law! or its just showmanship

There is a reason you failed & failed miserably running for President... You are a shame to the people you serve!
Funny, as a South Carolinian, I often find myself asking that same question about Lindsey Graham
You are the Man!!! Senator:)
looking forward to Lindsey making a lot of noise about Russia and then doing nothing, except taking a swipe at Clinton and Obama. #fail
You rock!
You were the man today in that hearing, w/good questions. Answers we needed to know. I'm independent but I respect you as a good Repub. 
You've obviously been bought off if you think Russia is a friend history proves he's no friend besides he's a killer a mass murderer
Once again Graham talked out his anal cavity: so two faced
Instead of working against @POTUS here is your real Russian collusion http://dailysignal.com/2017/07/10/lawmakers-cite-evidence-russia-colluded-with-u-s-green-groups-to-block-frackin/ …  THIS IS ALL I WANT 2 hear from U & MCCain
say "N" "E" "ME", you can say it if you try...
Nice work today!!!
.Trump is our president!!! Russia is fake news.  No one cares about Russia!  We care about healthcare and taxes #maga #crookedhillary
what an equivocating POS!
@LindseyGrahamSC did a good job today....Wray waivered
 a lot.....FBI dir should be concise & eminate strength.....
Big problematic answer from Wray.  But his boss and Russian clients clearly are influencing his political answers
That is not an answer!!!
Stop believing #MSM 
Legal Liberal expert Alan Dershowitz DOESN'T believe Donald Trump Jr committed a crime 
http://insider.foxnews.com/2017/07/12/alan-dershowitz-donald-trump-jr-russian-lawyer-meeting-emails-legal-jeopardy … #MAGA
Thank you senator!  For staying on the side of the American way of life, and our democracy and the actual right thing to do . . .
Loser!
You're the enemy of conservatives RINO!  Pitiful!!!

We finally have proof of inappropriate financial dealings with Russia. 
What r u Grasping for here Senator ???
RUSSIA IS NOT OUR FRIEND & IS OUR ENEMY!!! They wish to destroy our democracy & freedom..
Funny everyone who ran against Trump are against anything he does even McCain still mad Trump is president and he couldn't beat obama
Lyndsey Gram is a hack should just resigned being a republican so should his buddy mcCann they never have helped the party vote them out
You are one of the big Problems to the Republican Party Mr.Graham you are the biggest sore losers I have ever seen in my life.
