Trump signs executive orders to restart Keystone and Dakota Access pipelines  http://hill.cm/IY7zLEp  
Because WHO NEEDS clean water?
more pipeline oil, less fracking.
How about more wind power, more solar power, more geothermal power, more hydroelectric power?
geez where to start. Care about endangered species of birds?
https://www.reuters.tv/v/4cy/2017/01/18/trump-says-he-will-pick-reporters-covering-white-house … Lets start by impeaching this dumpster fire.
Yeah, I see you want the world to drown in oil.
I don't want humans drilling oil at all. Kill the dictators. Maybe that can be done..
The Earth atmosphere doesn't care about human economics. We are all going to die.
just because @realDonaldTrump signs an executive order, doesn't mean it's law. Lots of hoops to jump through. #NoDAPL
@immlawyercanada this is the Taxes billionaires republicans Koch Brothers baby.
@thehill  right. When the environment is effed up, we will suffer except that you will be dead.
Yeah, that'll happen.
When will human health and safety and respect for native culture ever be more important than Oil gains? So Sad. #wwjd
you're a thoughtful man. Please elaborate how this is beneficial in spite of the environmental and cultural repercussions.
But every other country in the TPP can go screw themselves, right? Their fault for not having oil.
America First. What about that do you not understand?
This awards an enormous contract to a Canadian company. America first?
Canada's benefit negates ours?
is awarding tax payer contracts to foreign companies what putting America first looks like?
at the cost of breaching treaties that protect native land & provide sustainability? you're disgusting
Only40 permanent jobs will b created! STOP the lies,  many awoke & realize ur paid by BigOil U r accomplice 2 destruction
especially when trumps companies are set to profit from it. what are you doing about his conflicts of interest?
have you seen the devastation their leaky pipelines have caused? Saskatchewan river last year. Check it out sir.
they detest us now. Thanks Trump
Oh right. You have none.
@thehill So our relationship w/ Canada is more important than preserving the environment of America? 
#LayOffTheCocktails
expect this tears through sacred lands. Would you cut down churches in South Carolina to benefit relationships?
You are endangering the lives of others. #RESISTANCE #NoDAPL #lostmyvote #ImYourEmployer
We want a wall there also
.@LindseyGrahamSC 
And the question from concerned citizens in BOTH countries, WHAT ABOUT THE ENVIRONMENT? 
It's NOT a hoax! BELIEVE ME!
Canadian relations already good & they protest too! How about we work on our relations with our Native Americans! 
#NoDAPL
Boo. Hiss. Not cool. Who's going to pay to clean up the mess when it spills? Not "IF"...
As long as we don't totally destroy the environment.  You understand that, right?
@thehill Except when he screws up NAFTA.
It has nothing to do with Canada, but #corporations & #BigOil (& Trump benefits personally $). Shame. We need #cleanenergy!
This decision actually angers most of #America Thought maybe you knew that
@thehill  please don't support this!
@thehill Canada doesn't want it... Oil mongers do
Booo! C'mon senator, the oil industry is FINITE! Look to the future, sir!! Alternative energy!! Be on the right side of history.
As a Canadian, you need to know oil has not been a stable option to grow our economy on. Also, -relation is built on more than just oil.
there are other ways to support this relationship that don't include the threat of massive pollution should a spill occur
.@LindseyGrahamSC Yes!
@thehill and our long-standing history of screwing over Native Americans and sacred land for the almighty dollar...
Just Saying... 
http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2012/01/18/six-reasons-keystone-xl-was-bad-deal-all-along.html …
the only person benefiting is trump. what are you doing about all his conflicts of interest?
because Canada is more important than the relationship with our own indigenous American citizens?  Shame.
Many of us want to move to Canada for the next four years, or until he snaps.
at the expense of the health of humans and environment.  Small cost to you in your DC office.  Huge cost to US citizens
and Mexico!
and yet, your President doesn't understand it's CANADIAN OIL & all $$$ goes to CANADA - not the US, as he thinks. #buffoon
Actually LOTS of things are more important. Clean water for US citizens, preserving sacred lands ... just to start.
What about those the contamination of the lands that belong to our Natives? Can you respect that Senator?
@thehill Canada exporting cheap oil to China so Trump can profit while US waterways are polluted is common-sense? Disagree!
Canadians do not want this.
There is small detail of ruining environment and poisoning water supplies for generations. But then again next qtr profits.
Yay to Canada, but Boo to Mexico?  I call BS.
There's nothing less common sense than exempting the oil and gas industry from the Clean Air and Clear Water Acts. #shame
I applaud you for recognizing this relationship . Hope Potus does too.
Sorry, Senator. Those projects are private ones. The government of Canada is agnostic on whether they die or not.
WOOHOO!!!!  Environmental destruction is super cool and what Jesus would do.
I'm sorry but weren't you on @TheDailyShow 3 months ago denouncing this man and saying how much of a clown he was? Now he's your bestie?
Trump and Rex make money on a pipeline that ends in an international free trade zone for 30 perm jobs? All risk no reward
Senator, why did you guys lift the export ban? Why are we exporting oil if we are still importing it? The ban made sense
@thehill He tweets his support twice cause 1) doghouses aren't comfortable to work in 2) he didn't get invited to signing
@thehill shame and disrespect 4 u all. We are watching a disgraceful congress. November 2018 and on we will not forget
@thehill Shameful!
@thehill but not Mexico? Sounds a bit like NAFTA?????
@thehill WHEN (not if) the spills happen what will your response be? Crickets?? Fooling yourselves
@thehill Mutually beneficial 4 whom? Wealthy corporate folks? Yep, they need a few more $$ n their pock
So applaud the contamination of farmlands and fresh water? RS
@thehill There are ways of securing our relationship that are less deadly, dangerous, & disgraceful to our native peoples.
how are we supposed to free ourselves from fossil fuel dependency unless we get moving now?!
@thehill ...over respecting our NATIVE AMERICANS passionate protests. Rs are a contradictory mess of un/misinformed views
@thehill by using eminent domain to take land away from American citizens and jeopardize our environment? #agreetodisagree
Allowing climate change to worsen does NOT make good business sense! We are passing on the costs to future generations.
How much stock do you have in these pipelines???
your constituents will remember and hold you accountable for your support.
I do not applaud this decision, but thank you for speaking out against the President asking for evidence of voter fraud.
I denounce this decision.. how many jobs will be created five, ten..
let canda refine their toxic shale oil in their own country! that sludge is for export to china anyway!
@thehill Are you tuned into the oil spills that have devastated Canada since June?
OK but haven't spoken out about Trump putting our troops "at risk" when he said at CIA that he still wants Iraqi oil.C'mon!
@thehill  This gets worse and worse!!
come on now- this is all about the money- not about politics or jobs
2weeks ago I applauded your bravery at standing up to Trump. I see now you've joined your brethren in kissing up.
@thehill Applaud whilst resigning along side him. Shame on you, sir.
That's how you expand a friendship?
You tell your friends to come on over and trash your house?
how about our long standing relationship with the Native Americans. Ohhh wait. America has never really had one.
@thehill ... by piping lots of oil do we can accelerate climate change and spill toxins into our water! BFF!!
Haaaa yes, it's about our standing with Canada, Haaaa not Oil Billionaires profits???
We aren't stupid
@thehill 
You mean beneficial to #BigOil elites & their enablers selling dirty oil to China
I've always disagreed with you but felt you are a patriot. You see the signs.  Please save our wonderful country, democracy
honey, you applaud tiny-Penced @POTUS @realDonaldTrump when he dribbles his aborta-fluid on your chin. Closets r4 clothes.
@thehill A grave error, especially in light of many other more pressing issues that need attention: Autocrat running wild.
@thehill I will applaud your defeat.
@thehill There's better ways to have a partnership w Canada then killing off our waterways w oil spills! Shame on you!
@thehill and not a dime for that wall!!
think about the all the species that will die if the pipeline breaks (which it will eventually), the environment is sacred
Except when it steps on the people native to the land we're destroying.
@thehill @POTUS @SpeakerRyan but I thought u are against legislation by executive orders 
@thehill #NoDAPL
Until he destroys NAFTA at least. Please help get him impeached. @LindseyGrahamSC @thehill
do u also applaud poisoned water and air?
@thehill. The same week he put a gag order on the EPA and moved to restrict access to other climate change data.
can you tell me why I care about Canada moving thier oil across our land to sell their oil to the rest of the world?
@thehill By renegotiating NAFTA and killing the Canadian car industry because GM, Ford and Fiat build cars outside US?
They'll hate our country soon enough, I'm almost sure of it... thanks to people JUST like you.
Boo!!!

Ask the Canadians how they feel about the 3 enormously polluting pipeline oil spills they've had since the GOP convention.
@thehill He seems a bit crazy.
So, you are against clean water? Should all communities suffer for @GOP greed?
@thehill What about our relationship with Native Americans?
@realDonaldTrump and what about "our" long-standing relationship with the land, our people, and the future
canada yes, Why are Republicans selling America out to Russia though?
as an archaeologist and SC resident, I can't believe your stance and would welcome a discussion with you about this
@thehill how can you clap with no spine... keep kissing his ass looks good on you...
... says Graham after DT craps on NAFTA
@thehill let's be honest he has no idea what he has been signing he is a clown
I applaud this action too. But doesn't negate the fact Trump is dangerously detached from facts.
How much money did you get for tweeting this?
@thehill How about creating jobs around renewable energy that will last longer than this next generation??
@thehill Im sure Trump is just dying for your approval!
where are the complaints about government over reach when trump passes 10 executive orders in 5 days
@thehill we should focus on newable energy - lots of jobs &money to be made there while protecting the earth & tribal lands
Isnt it misleading to defend our relationship with Canada when the debate has always been about poisoning our own people?
Boo.
@thehill Is @POTUS going to claim the popular vote against the #DAPL was also part of #alternativefacts when this tanks?
Your support of the Keystone and Dakota pipelines is disappointing to say the least. You never fail to disappoint.
at the expense of Native Americans, clean water & the environment. You've put profits over people and the planet. Shameful.
nope, short-sighted, both on job creation as well as environment
Everytime I think I can support you, you bring me back to the reality that you are just as spineless as the rest of GOP.
@thehill Baloney! Short term jobs that will end up maintaining a fraction employed to the detriment of our environment
Have anything less non-sensical than contracting our short-term, exclusively parasitic stewardship of planet Earth?
#NoDAPL
I'm sure @JustinTrudeau wouldn't mind a different route. A reasonable guy who can find a way while respecting native land.
Why route the pipelines over tribal lands, water AND Oglalla Aquifer? Can we keep Canada sweet and not poison ourselves?
@thehill Well your going to have one hell of a fight on your hands, the people want their country back from this lunatic!
sure, at the e expense of native Americans.
what would Billy Graham say? Good steward?
And destroy Native grounds, endanger river? Your back to failing us Senator
@thehill Protecting the earth isn't common sense, though?
These pipelines are relics for a technology of the Twentieth Century. #sustainabledevelopment would be better investments.
.@LindseyGrahamSC and respecting our Native American citizens, who have been marginalized, much more sensible.
TRUE: OH! CANADA, and if my history is correct ; having Red Coat Soldiers; Sen.GRAHAM
Yes even today there are The Canadian Mountie Police;
.@LindseyGrahamSC repectfully, sir, I'd think pursuing renewables that don't hasten the destruction of our one  ....
I don't
@thehill America First initiatives 
you applaud major conflicts of interest with a sitting prez? That goes against the constitution you're supposed to uphold
@thehill Why don't they build their own refineries and ship to their own ports!
hence we are pulling out of NAFTA 
I denounce this decision.

There's nothing more insulting than expanding our one-sided parasitic treatment of Native Americans.
Graham must hate Native Americans and our sacred American lands.
No way
@thehill so let's put it in YOUR backyard or in the cemetary where YOUR parents are buried
why does America have to REFINE Canadas TOXIC sludge? is it because it's TO DIRTY FOR CANADA?
very disappointed in you!
I wholeheartedly disagree. Get with the times. Clean energy is the only answer.
@thehill sir, if this went through your backyard, how would you feel?
@thehill This adds CO2 to the atmosphere.
@thehill cool to know you don't a single shit about our environment or the people whose water/land will be destroyed
@thehill there are far better ways to do that.
When the last tree is cut down,the last fish eaten and the last stream poisoned, you will realize that you cannot eat money
@thehill this is a terrible decision.
I can guarantee there are members of your own family who don't applaud it and care about the earth we pass to our kids.
- why not route it around the tribe's lands and water? (cc @thehill)
You would. Our only solace is that you will go down in history as a traitor who enabled a demagogue to steal our democracy.
@thehill A wonderful decision , I wish prosperity to the United States and Canada
Prosperity begins with a thriving natural environment
At the expense of our environment and by encroaching on First People's land.  Do you also own their stock?
time you and you're colleagues including Sen. McCain be more clear in your support and encouragement of Pres. Trump
@thehill unless you are destroying fragile environment and plowing through sacred lands Canada already loves us.
Oil is no longer simply "commonsense." This is a backwards-looking disaster and a waste.
No sense keeping our promises to Native Americans. Who cares if we break our promises? Why should we do the right thing?
Respect your standing up for truth regarding election fraud; do not respect this awful Keystone support.
too bad u don't see agreeing with most. Maybe then you be worth while instead of rhino  time shit gets done!
@thehill Very true, but not with a pipeline.Who wants dirty, polluting, environmentally-unfriendly, climate-warming energy?
.@LindseyGrahamSC Burning fossil fuels is mutually destructive. I work with researchers who study this. We must cut back C02 drastically.
ya think???
@thehill geez LG just when I thought you were American before a Republican.  Plz be a steward of our little blue marble
THIS IS NOT RIGHT,DEAR SIR,NOT RIGHT AT ALL
@thehill 
What about making a routing adjustment so their water isn't in danger of contamination?
No respect for native americans nor their sacred lands.
@thehill why? Why would all of you risk the actual Land and environment of your own country?
This is a financial conflict of interest for DT and a death wish for our country. Shame on you!
@thehill I am so saddened by your support of the horrible things he is doing.
Of course you do. Every time you do something good (like calling out illegal voter b.s.), you counter w/ something awful.
Lindsey Graham loves big oil money in his pocket.
but he'd rather have a rocket.
agreed. And you're fabulous.
Damn shame that you do
how do you feel about his financial conflict of interest in it?
