We need to get our own nut jobs out of office before we face N. Korea. Including you
I would rather not find out.  Wish Trump would stop with the rhetoric
Our nutjob is provoking their nutjob    Thanks 45
The "nutjob" is Trump. Quit provoking him to war. This isn't 9/11. America has learned.
It is time to refocus on the #Trumprussia investigation. Don't fall for his smoke and mirrors. #DontheCon
@SenatorTimScott Any SC senator who deflects from #Trumprussia investigation will be held accountable.
Trump wont be able to do anything if you keep him tied down with your stupid Russiangate investigation.
who is going to stop the America 'Nutjob' ?
We are not interested in Trump getting us into war either
You're proud of that? You don't sound like an educated person!
Republicans have allowed Trump do whatever crazy things he wants to & this is hurting our entire country. Our allies laugh at us. Sad!
I thought you said he didn't have the judgement or the temperament to be president.
.....do not believe he is a reliable GOP conservative nor has he displayed the judgment and temperament to serve as Commander in Chief. (5)
Things change. So do people
How profound. I'm curious to know what's changed to make Graham think Trump is now qualified to be president, given previous opposition.
I hope you plan on sending yourself to fight Korean War II.
Hey Graham do your job and get the US #nutjob #ImpeachTrump out of office. He will destroy this country before N.Korea will. #RESIST
Why do you allow Putin to control America ?
Is calling him a "nutjob" something you learned in diplomacy school? Perhaps it's best to describe him differently.
After President's interview millions of Americans are concerned he is mentally ill. It's all over social media. Can you reassure us?
One nut job facing another nut job. Grow some Senator Graham and stop this madman in the White House
Trump is a nutjob and he needs to be removed.
the problem is he'll only notes a stop Kim if Putin tells him that it's bad!
How dare you insult the supreme leader!
Russia.
I think it's probably more pressing to stop the 'nut job' running this country.
Not a nut job. Great man
Yes get us into war while Trump hides in the bunner with his daughter
Bunner?????
Yeah he will.
you mean like the total republican administration?
Why do you keep retweeting these Trump promos? Do you think we don't remember how you used to blast Trump, or how he ridiculed you? Bizarre.
What part of impeach/remove NOW is hard to understand?  We can't have him making any nuclear decisions.
If President Obama acted like this or did even half of what Trump is doing, you would go ballistic & impeach him. Trump is crazy & a traitor
How is one "Nutjob" going to stop another "Nutjob."
Glad you r weighing in with the Pres!!!!
Please quit putting the US in danger with inflammatory tweets.
Big talk when you know Russia and China are NKs real concern. You just want attention for nothing, again.
But who is going to stop 'nutjob' @realDonaldTrump ???
We the people demand an independent investigation of Trump & his team's ties to Russia. There are traitors in your midst. What will you do?
Does Trump have any strategy for dealing with No. Korea? No, of course not. He acts impulsvely & will cause World War lll. What will you do?
From one nutjob to another?
Congress still not putting resources into the investigation into Russian influence in 2016 election? What are you afraid of? #Trumprussia
Is it wise to hitch your warmongering wagon to POTUS under active investigation for treason? You want to wage war *that* much? #TrumpRussia
You support "NutJob" Trump!   Like looking in a mirror. Kim Jong and Trump "two peas in a pod"
Potus is >dangouous to our way of life than no korea. Danger is not a missle it is UN selling material or bomb 2 isis !1st get rid of potus
Trump is an ill-mannered bore. Do not emulate him. He does not reflect values of decent humans
But you will let 'nutjob' @realDonaldTrump escape all scrutiny regarding #Trumprussia and his taxes
thank you again for reminding me, and my kids, why we shall NEVER vote for another Republican for any office, even dog catcher.
War just gets you so hot & bothered doesn't it.
Sally Yates should testify about dark foreign/Russian money that went to GOP to help maintain majority @chickylala https://twitter.com/chickylala/status/856871392352063488 …
That job IS 45!! He doesn't care about this country or voters unless its making him money. He'll start a war to distract from #russiagate
But you will stay ever so loyal to your Nut Job.
Yet another sellout. Say hi to Lyin Ted for me Lindsey.
News Flash!! Both are Nut jobs and now you are suspect?
You just have a raging hard-on for war. After all, it won't be your kids dying for Raytheon and Boeing shareholders.
There's the Lindsey we've all come to know and revile. And some thought him moderate. Wow.
Lindsey I know you consider war sexy. But please just get a new boyfriend
Really? He needs to do that w/o pissing Un off by threats. We don't need pissing contest gone wrong. We NEED an experienced diplomat hired!
Jesus, now you are all talking like him.
Pathetic attempt to prop up pathetic Presidency..puffing out chest won't  work. Lock Flynn up!
Nope.
So since we are pushing for an investigation y'all wanna start a war?!  Nice distraction. What are YOU so afraid of 
Ha ha.  Battle of the nutjobs
You should find another horse. The one you are will trample you to death.
Lindsey clearly wants millions to die with lack of respect shown towards a crazy leader in order for him to cozy up to another crazy leader.
I'm more worried about the "nutjobs" in Iran
Sure, but will he rile up the caged dog kim and provoke him into attacking our allies?
What about nutjob POTUS? You should be equally worried about him, you warmonger!
Our "Nutjob" tells NK "Nutjob" no bombs, uhm uh I mean ICBM's, they are bad for you
Well Lind  say!! You're being an enabler for Fake 45. Kinda both of you are bonkers!
You are the NUTJOB!
But he may provoke a nuclear war that levels our allies who are in range of N. Korean nukes.
Can we stop name calling & provoking North Korea & FOCUS ON THE SHI!TSHOW AT WH! Investigate #TrumpRussia!
You are definitely paid too much
because Fake 45 is in direct competition with their nutjob? Or our whole bowl of nutjobs in government right now? We didn't have this before
Did u forget the real nutjob is Trump? Stop sucking up to this vile person and do what's right for all Americans, not just Rs and your power
He will need the Chinese and South Koreans. The other day he called Xi and Abe, but not South Korea. Amateur hour in the WH continues
Trump is a nutjob Graham..read AP interview. ..he's lost it..there is no way for this to work out...2 trigger happy cowboys ...Can't be good
Great idea, read the transcript and then tell where the danger lies.U R influencing an ignorant narcisstic jerk
so what are you gonna do, big boy?
Now that your in love with Trump you do not seem to care if he starts war  or that Putin helped him win
sen. - air stikes??? how many REFUGEES WILL THE U.S. ALLOW IN???
I think he dropped an "s" as in "Nutjob's Kim Jong Un & Donald J Trump, both unstable barley humans
Yeah, coz one nutjob with nukes trying to defeat another nutjob with nukes is a win for everyone! 
Our potus nutjob is going to get us all killed, and he collided with Russia btw
Collided would mean not in agreement.
PROPAGANDA FROM A FEAR MONGER!!!!
What's it gonna take? A guarantee not to invade? Stoppage of drills with SK? A formal treaty?  Chinese will want one of these.
Yes, please continue to insult a leader capable of firing nuclear weapons at us.  Thanks so much.  Sincerely, the entire West Coast.
Graham, take some viagra instead... it'll do the trick and you won't need to see military action to get your "poll" numbers up.
Pot meet kettle.
Senator you get aroused at the thought of war, don't you?
I heard that you are an expert on nut jobs. Thanks!
it takes one nut job to know another nut job @LindseyGrahamSC #trumptrainwreck
It would help if the president of the U.S. were not also a nutjob, but he is, Blanche, he is.
You are playing with all of our lives and don't even seem to care.
From one nutjob to another worse one.
