But yet, you support POTUS in his drive to destroy all things Obama. How about ensuring protections for those with preexisting conditions.
"All things Obama" are typically #marxist and extra-constitutional and should be torn down. health insurance is a service not a right.
But if the GOP is so pro-life, why would would they want to pass a bill that could potentially kill millions by reducing Medicaid/Medicare?
Why should health care NOT be a right?
What happened to "LIFE, liberty and the pursuit of happiness?" Or does that only apply while in the womb?
A right is anything that you can reasonably provide for yourself, anything else is extortion.
The Constitution I've read doesn't define "right" like that. So is that your definition?
U actually believe djt is going 2follow the rule of law?You need to catch up senator. It is your job to stop this maniac,words won't do it.
They wouldn't stop the previous 4 "maniacs" in the White House so why start now?
DJT is no worse (and no better) than most of the #POTUS of the last 100 years - steadily abandoning the constitution.
Stand up on the floor of the Senate and denounce Trump. Otherwise, this is just more spineless nonsense talk with no action. #notimpressed
Push for & pass "indep counsel law" as GOP did with Nixon so Mueller CANNOT BE FIRED BY TRUMP - DO IT NOW BEFORE RECESS OR WILL BE TOO LATE
Mueller is obviously part of the deep state. He needs to go. Too many Clinton connections.
There is no deep state in this equation. There is only Trump and his acolytes...and the rest of the sane world. Open your mind.
HILARIOUS!  Keep 'em coming!  Oh, wait...this isn't meant as comedy. Sorry. My bad.
Push for & pass "indep counsel law" as GOP did with Nixon so Mueller CANNOT BE FIRED BY TRUMP - DO IT NOW BEFORE RECESS OR WILL BE TOO LATE
REMOVEtrumpFROMofficeNOW
Then Do Something! Trump has no respect for rule of law nor does he have the mental capacity to be president.
As an empowered individual, the hour of action quickly approaches. 
I distinctly remember @realDonaldTrump bashing you post election. Karma?
@LindseyGrahamSC it was great that you stood up today! The people are watching and today proved you are a patriot
Dude! You are running it. Fishing for anything to prosecute #Trump and IGNORING a shitload of crimes already committed by HRC! WTF!
I wish someone could do more than tweet about this. If, for instance, we had a branch of government to check Presidential powers.
If only such a branch had been envisioned by our founders and existed.....
Founders underestimated stupidity of American voters.
DO SOMETHING PLEASE
So DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT, Senator!
Just remember Sen Graham this socialist idea did not work was designed not to work. They wanted single payer all along.
@RoyBlunt @GOP @SenateGOP @Franklin_Graham @HouseGOP Humility, respect, & integrity have been absent from the #45presidency.  #values
Tell POTUS that
I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and DOMESTIC #TrumpRussia
Well Good please look at the last admin unmasking of thousands of Americans. Gave 20% uranium to Russia. Slick W made $500G to speech @Krem.
This was used uranium you know the weapons grade kind.
Great statement, senator. We need people like you keeping @POTUS accountable to his twitter rants. #TrumpDontCare
Ahh, yes, but then he'll roll over like the #ReichWing lapdog that he is and vote the party line. Always does.
Ha. You are entertaining. That's a good chuckle early in the AM. If you have anymore funnies, please post 
But why no investigation of Hillary, Lynch, Rice, Unmasking, Obama, missing monies, it doesn't have to be political when laws are broken..
Oh, this one is easy! There WERE investigations and they all proved Trump is a liar. You'll catch-up eventually, I hope.
Thank you, Senator Graham!
The Swamp Dweller's tweet today demonstrates that he is a twit and shouldn't interfere with President Trump's decisions!
It's time to stop dividing the country GOP need to step in and unite the country Donald Trump is dividing it even further
You should be more concerned that your party is voting to take health insurance away from millions of people. I'm guessing you are votingyes
Not taken they'll make their own choice. Free markets
You can make your own choice to die or go bankrupt. Good choices...
Keep living in California I'm sure Texas doing it wrong ! This is exactly the way it should be not federal state
I agree Senator. So what's the plan?  B/c that is exactly what POTUS is attempting Your sentiments are righteous but insufficient w/o action
Your sweet rhetoric would be nice if it applied as much to your Progressive comrades as it does to Trump-SHOW ME THE CRIME B4 SP COUNSEL!
Laws were violated sir regarding Hillary I hope you don't have a large number of trump supporters in South Carolina you may not be back sir
What will it take my love for you to stand up to his president? I you... stand up already. He's got us into a mess. Speak up sir.
So what are you going to DO when Trump fires him?  Talk more or take action. Time to lead Lindsey. Can you?
Lindsey better be worried for 2020. He will be looking for a job.
Oh, Lindsey, do you honestly believe DOJ or the WH is trying to separate them? Don't forget God Almighty, too!!  #GOPHypocrisy
But we are as a country divided by party and Republicans voted you in office and expect you to rep. US, not vote your personal feeling.
We need actions not words. Words mean nothing without actions behind them
Take it to the Floor.
@realDonaldTrump That's the whole problem, no law in politics.  There should be no politics in government instead of no law.
You are hurting South Carolina
It is time to listen to your constituents in SC and find out what is good for them, not the R party.

Do you stand against politicians cheaters and liars i.e. Hillary Clinton? Or do you protect the Elite? If yes, you never stand for truth.
In other words professional politicians are exempt from the law!!!
Trump thinks you're a joke and will keep this up until you do something to stop him. Dump your partisan BS and stand up for your country
Do you listen to these replies??
Never really been a fan but have been much more impressed these past couple months - I hope you will stand your ground,the country needs you
will you be doing more than just tweeting about it?
Will you please start the Republican rebellion against Trump. He is killing your party and most of all, America. Throw Trump under the bus.
Preach, preach, preach but vote with the party every damn time.  You're killing people, plain and simple.  #TrumpcareGOPKillPeople
With all due respect, you and Sen. McCain are proving to be all talk. We're tired of your holier-than-thou grandstanding.
It's possible you/we are missing the point. The longer they debate, the longer they delay recess and Trump's ability to recess-appoint. . .
It's possible, but I think you have more faith in the GOP to do the right thing than I do. 
.@LindseyGrahamSC  defending Hillary tells you all you need to know.  Never higher than 1 percent in the polls.  Get behind @realDonaldTrump
Comey exceeded position FBI assumed AttyGeneral duty #Prosecution let Clinton slide #Justice claims no #Intent #DefiesEvidence evade #FOIA
Will you and @SenJohnMcCain merely Tweet about this and Moan/Shake Your Heads OR Will YOU STOP Trump's Insane Acts? US Rule of Law is losing
The fact you had to tweet this begs the question: what else does Trump have to do before GOP takes action and gives us President Pence?
You are such a fraud. "separating the law from politics".Right, I loved when you went after Lynch for meeting Bill on tarmac..oh..never mind
should reply to your own tweets to make a conversation chain.
Separating law from politics has been the F'ing problem all along . Most you sonsabitches been breaking them for decades now
Right so what will you do?!?! Besides tweet? Please tell us. We're waiting...
just how is the law separate from politics with the investigation of Trump administration ? Opponents are criminalizing him
Just more spineless empty words ftom @LindseyGrahamSC
Get back to us when one of you (@GOP) man-up & tells Trump.
How about the long standing American philosophy - not tradition - of equal justice for all Senator? Of course not - you're special, right?
You talk a good game, @LindseyGrahamSC , but never really come through. #countrybeforeparty
What the fuk little man, you have no right saying those words, go hide in shame now.
Grow some courage and hire a special prosecutor for that pack of dogs who acid wash and hammer their computers, steal millions and lie
Apparently you forgot the Obama years
Please don't vote for that wretched health care bill, especially with little to no debate. The ACA had 10 months of debate.
Nice words from you sir, it's really sad that it's your party who really ONLY cares about just that - party. Otherwise, why hide the bills?
you know this dude is more crooked that. Crooked right? I mean all criminal all the timeDecades of evasion And criminality
so tell us WHEN will enough be ENOUGH!! Do the right thing, for the country.
Which "regardless of Party" @potus @realdonaldtrump seems not to give a Flying Fig about!!
There's no evidence of that tradition, sir. That IS politics.
*YAWN*. You were saying? Something about doing something or leading something somewhere?
Resign.
R#BoyScoutSpeech bashed Obama, mentioned hell, sex and talked about friend with "lifestyle". When I thought it couldn't get any worse, i
Do something Lindsey
Remove 25th Admendment! He's not fit for office.Treason will be found! Many Republican's will go with him! He's already ruining careers!
All talk..no one in GOP will say anything TO HIM...or DO anything to stop it..If this whole thing is not "cauterized" our democracy is Done
He really said that!
Empty words. We're disgusted with GOP lack of response to WH corruption & your commitment to screw Americans out of healthcare.
Thanks for having the courage to call the President on his power play. I appreciate your example for our junior Senator and my Congressman
You tweet a good game. Grow a pair and do something about it.
Nice words but until you acknowledge that Dimwit Donnie is unfit for office and must be removed they mean nothing.
So what are you going to do about it, then?
When is @GOP going to STOP him?  Our children are watching and judging our government right now. I am ashamed of what they see & hear daily.
Seems to be consensus.  Put up, or shut up.  What are you doing to protect our government agencies that are currently being dismantled?
I don't trust a word Graham says.  Today, He sold his own constituents down the river.
Really?
It's 'tradition' in DC to look the other way if the criminal is a politician?

What else are you guilty of, hmmm?
@realDonaldJTrump doesn't get it.  He thinks our entire govt is his to do with as he pleases.  Including you!
Tell Am ppl y u votd 4 hc repeal?Or y u r ignorg ur duty 2 stop Dt frm obstrctg an invstgn, harassg ppl, upsetg Am ppl,shut up or do somthg
Ah, but you do not do that.
You mean like the Democrats did for the past eight years? Go after those bastards on the left
You know, that long tradition of ignoring corruption of those entrenched in politics.
It's the perks, stupid. #PerksofPolitics
Political immunity....yeah, that's the ticket! Get me one of those 'Political Exemptions'.
I'm not a Jeff Sessions fan but I do believe in the rule of law & separation of powers. Thank you for taking a stand against abuse of power.
Make it clear to the Executive branch
....gees senator, what rock are u living under. this has been the democratic party practice for years, especially under obuma
You talk real good out of this side of your mouth. Of course, from the other side, all you can say is "Thank you, sir! May I have another?"
Thanks for standing up, Senator.
Now band together with R colleagues and issue statement that no replacement will be confirmed if Sessions is fired or resigns.
Then stop the Special Counsel - absolutely political! Investigation in search of a crime!
Please do something.
And what will you do about Trump's highly inappropriate actions? What will you do to uphold the fine tradition you mentioned?
All that being said, sir, what are you going to do about it? Will you use your power of oversight or your vote? Should I even bother asking?
Maybe you should share that with the Donald
 .@realDonaldTrump  you know he's new at this stuff he doesn't know maybe you can Enlighten him
Walk the talk.  DO SOMETHING!
Put on your man pants, get over your @realDonaldTrump induced case of the vapors. Put patriotism over party. Fucking do something! #impeach
TRY telling that to YOUR DEM BUDDIES who do nothing but push this RUSSIAN FIASCO! It's PATHETIC and needs to END!
Since you refuse to take action to stop this administration's shenanigans; you are complicit in subverting the rule of law. Shame!
If only you had balls
Yup, kind of like the separation of church and state when the line were blurred
If only you actually did this
Could we also separate health care from politics?
I'm sure you're very concerned. That's realy all we need.
Tradition has no balls
I do believe GOP starting to splinter - ------
You do it everyday you support Agent Orange in the White House. Your constituents aka your EMPLOYERS. understand the truth. #SHAMEONYOU
So DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!
REALLY? Wow, what about a CONGRESS that lets a madman run loose who colludes with a unfriendly foreign entity.

Graham is the Senator for one of the poorest and uneducated states, SC. Which is by design. Did anyone expect him to do right by citizens?
Lindsey will say "My stars!!!" and fan himself, but will do nothing
Only words.
If you are referring to HRC,you dont think there are enough facts to go after her? Also for 8 years you talked loud about Obamacare and now?
How about putting away being a pandering blowhard and do,something, since you are able?
@DianeJo98420908 There's no democracy where people's basic rights are taken away from them. You, sir, are a disgrace to 
Exactly! And now he has become even more of a raving lunatic! He'll rant to any captive audience, including kids!
@DianeJo98420908. ..you just voted to strip millions of their healthcare. You don't get 2 talk about protecting democracy.
The problem Sen Graham is voters no longer trust the GOP congress 2 do the right thing! They've given us no reason 2 believe they will!
What long standing tradition? Obama IRS? Clinton&Lynch? Comey&comey? Or the current political witch hunt using the forces of law?
No, sir.  You threw us under the bus. We won't forget your legacy.  You had the chance to be a hero.
The true question is exactly when did you know that Trumps Campaign colluded w Russia?  You must have know prior to the election and U did 0
Thank you.  Now please vote NO on the health care bill.
...aaaaaand now I'm gonna go vote to take your health care away. Ok bye-eee! 7
Are you saying politicians shouldn't be held to the same laws the rest of Americans are?
When you go to bed at night, do you think about what your party has done to our country for the sake of tax cuts and supreme court justices?
Separating "law from politics"? Does "POLITICS" shield HRC from "LAW"?

Sessions should go after EVERY criminal perpetrator even if its YOU!
Get your partisan ass on the floor of the Senate and denounce Trump Senator! How long are YOU going to be complicit in his corruption???
Then defy him. You can start by voting against the malicious attempt to destroy the ACA.
@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump Sen Graham we are nation of laws, politicians are not above law! Hillary Clinton should be in jail! Stop the ! 
@Evan_McMullin :
Sadly, @potus sees such longstanding American traditions as impediments to his self-branded swamp visions.
Very cheeky
If you truly believe all this then DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!! You are a Senator! You guys had plenty of spunk when it came to fighting Obama!
Please, please reinstate Office of Independent Counsel.  In your heart, you know this guy is danger to US and we need a hero to show courage
Your party is allowing this shit storm to continue.  Don't get self righteous.  You are just as complicit as every other GOP member.
RE: #SeparatingLawFromPolitics When is the last time U watched #MrSmithGoesToWashington? https://youtu.be/s6UbYHCkoZs  Please do so again soon!
What about tradition of Senate not being bullied by the WH.
The Senate has given away its power and is no longer a Check to the Executive Branch.
2/Most Americans  accept party and policy differences but there is not a chance we will go with abuse of power Putin style. Period.
Stand up Lindsay for the Rule of Law.
Sir by letting Trump circumvent our laws you are violating your oath to defend our Constitution against our enemies both foreign & domestic.
It is upon you in Congress to hold him accountable if he actually crosses the lines. You will be the defence of our Democratic institutions.
THEN, DO SOMETHING! This man is crazy and getting crazier!
And by failing to act to oppose Trump, you are doing just that Senator. Running (actually slinking) away from that tradition.
Jesus Christ please thread your tweets together.. Smh!
Was the DOJ separating law from politics when they went after Fox News reporters?
Appreciate words but Congress has power to ACT & to not act, when able, is condoning. Please pass law to stop POTUS ability to fire Mueller.
What about voting for a bill that you have no clue to the contents? That is un- American and traitorous. No party is above Country.
Then please do something besides tweeting & talking!
In my view, @realDonaldTrump understand neither law nor politics. Please read the Vanity Fair Piece on ignorant POTUS.
The time for just tweeting about this has long passed. Please pass a law removing POTUS ability to fire the Special Counsel! Immediately!
For all of us that live in South Carolina you're a real jerk 2020 can't come soon enough to get you out of office!  Start supporting POTUS!!
Is that REALLY you? Bravo-man, you sound newly-testicled.
How about, instead of tweeting, you march up to Trump, stick your finger in his face and tell him to cut it out. That would be great, thx.
Enough already! Talk is cheap.
if US. Democracy fails so too will it fail everywhere. Thanks for standing up for all countries who value a democracy
POLITICIANS are NOT above the law! How dare you suggest that Political Opponents are somehow ABOVE the law! Are you part of the problem?
YOU hold the words that will be written in History
Cupped in the palm of your hands
How often does that happen?

Please dont take it lightly
So that's it? Some "friend" you are....
While I enjoy funny-Twitter Lindsey, trying-to-stop-the-collapse-of-democracy-Twitter Lindsey is nice too.
I suggest you look at the 11 characteristics of fascism. Assess every one of them.  This fits in perfectly.  You need to open your eyes.
Keep tweeting, Senator. You have shown no character. None. And no guts.
So lead by example, Mr. Graham. People and country over party. Do it. Start today.
Face it Lindsey, y'all jumped that shark a looooong time ago.
The GOP can't even see those traditions in tge rear view mirror anymore
Do not let trump fire mueller!
He wants to fire Mueller. Are you going to stand up? Or lay down? Guess we'll find out if we are truly a nation of laws not men
If Trump does fire Sessions, I hope you block any nomination for the post until Mueller's probe is finished.
Tyranny upon the people of this nation is coming to an end. The "traditions" you speak of aren't ours! #MAGA #POTUS #LockThemUp #Justice
Please do more sir. Stand up for democracy and stop Trump. Soon democrates and republicans will agree on one issue. Trump must be removed
"The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant" (Max de Pree)
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT LINDSEY. Tweets mean nothing from you. Hold him accountable!
Where were you during all the colluding between Obama DOJ and Hillary DOS.??
Y'all gotta do something about trump y'all know he's a danger n still won't do nothing he is destroying the Republican party party is gone
We need you and other Republicans to stop Trump's destruction of our country and its institutions. Work with the House to IMPEACH now.
What makes you the judge and jury on whether the American people want Hillary to get away with all she did
What are you gonna do about it, bub?
And so I will furrow my brow and go on television, and then I will return to the Senate and vote for whatever Trump proposes.
