U say if Dems filibuster it means qualifications don't matter--it's just politics. So was Garland unqualified? #hypocrite
I am a democrat and against you on the abortion issue But I respect you to do the right thing on DT/Russia
Trump should be impeached and all the presidents men and women.
You love a few minutes on tv to spout your BS, don't ya? Come out of that homosexual closet, Lindsey!
I tuned into him yesterday and he evaded or didn't answer ?.
How will you address the stolen seat, @LindseyGrahamSC? Again, I beg you to be the GOP voice of reason.
thisneeds to wait until #FBI investigation of #Trumprussia is over. #POTUS & admin are being investigated!
Shows how bad Trump is that me a liberal democrat is begging you for help !
senator, put a hold on the gorsuch nom until trump's ties to russia are resolved (and he is in prison)
I heard you said. "No one is above the law." Then,Can you help audit the Zionist FED? Put US 1st https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGFDozNhTtI …
If you have nothing nice to say (about our POTUS) dont say anything at all

 fool Graham. Graham flexes impeachment muscle at Trump

give us a better heads up please.
I know @GOP wants to push as much of their agenda through as possible. It's unethical given circumstances!
I'm afraid you are an unfit senator!
Make sure to tell America why you didn't vote on Merrick Garland.
Democrat/Republicans/Parties don't matter it's more simple, it's knowing our laws an punishing the guilty.
Merrick Garland. That is who should be st the heading.  No on Neil.
don't buy the attack in London. Putin has a long Reach. This is a distraction from Trump gettin caught
Senator Graham, this morning you said that Judge Gorsuch was overruled on one case. What case was that?
Why should anyone tune in when you're just towing the Republican Party line; so much bias! Failure to S.C.
You really should stand by President Trump.  Apologize to him traitor. https://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/04/opinion/lindsey-grahams-curious-military-career.html?_r=0 …
sc voter.as long as he not like POTUS.rather claim a tree n tell a lie than stand @ bottom n tell the truth
This seat belongs to Merrick Garland. #RESIST
I think perhaps there are more pressing things to discuss today. *cough* Russia *cough*
...you *error* ... America is a Constitutional REPUBLIC not a  "Constitutional democracy" @CBSThisMorning

BC these two butt buddies r minions for the Deep State & have been in the swamp way too long!!!
sorry but I call bs.these old men I don't always agree with but in lieu of a lier yup
Do u ever work for the people of SC ??
You and John McCain and all honest Republicans need to stop Trump!
Put GORSUCH hearing on hold until this Russian mess is played out!! Garland deserves a fair hearing!!
My goodness Lindsey how are you feeling with all the unhappy peoples response to your tweet? Fake News???
You are a Bilderberg Globalist and I predict you won't be reelected. Stand against Trump some more RINO!!!
Confirmation hearings should be postponed until after investigation. Otherwise the nom is tainted.
don't support him
ohh, u mean the "originslist" who has no prob taking a stolen seat?!
GET ON THE TRUMP TRAIN OR WE WILL VOTE YOU OUT
Two words:  Trump Russia.  Let's talk about that instead.
Please sir, this critical appm. needs to placed on hold till the outcome of the FBI criminal investigation.
Politics was put over qualifications with #MerrickGarland. #SCOTUS
speak against Trumpcare!

You are just another politician. And to think you grew up in my neck of the woods. Wonder if the rumors are true about you?
What rumors?
If you cared more about justice than politics, you'd be talking DJT special prosecutor instead of NG conf.
GOP obstruction went on for years before Dem rules change. GOP will change ruled after 3 months. Absurd talking point.
Hope they ask about Judge Garland. And why you let him swing in wind while Trump's nom gets consideration.
I am pretty angry about Garland not getting a vote. You stole that seat. And I'm prepared to rally ppl against you, sir.
this nomination needs to be postponed until Trump investigation complete.
How can you say you voted for all of Obama's nominees? Garland? Where was his vote? You have no honor.
graham is a fool.  He voted for two biased liberals on the SCOTUS.  The constitution is not political.
What about #THEHAMMER?  Maybe ask Clapper,Since  he was involved you're a swamp rhino that needs 2go
.. have more issues.  Everyone makes a mistake, Apologize until you can prove.  No one likes to be accused
why don't you talk about how it's not legit.  Remember Garland?  And Russia?? Pump the breaks, buddy
Right now it isn't being proved & we need to move on to all the other issues @ hand, cause God knows we
..
@CBSThisMorning...You made a Valid point this morning and I Pray Pres Trump listens.  Whether he is right or wrong, if
As you said, the credibility of the president is everything.#Note you don't have to say you're sorry often.
Gorsuch doesn't belong on the supreme Court, full stop.
Your questioning was appalling and laughing as you spoke about president Trump disgraceful
Had hoped Lindsey was getting on the right track, but he's pussed out again & all his hard Trump talk=bull!
I like what you said in the interview, especially about not passing Trumpcare due to job security threats.
Just watched. About 50% of what you say I agree with. It's what you didn't say that GETS ME BOILING (1/2)
WHEN are you going to SPEAK OUT & say the obvious? @realDonaldTrump said Trump WT for a REASON. FIND IT!
Didn't question asked abt JudgeGarland n POTUS44 right to nominate? Style n appearance doesn't = qualified
outstanding interview Senator we need more people like you ..
failure in rural areas, that's the collusion that needs to be investigated, how ins.comps failed the people
fix obamacare by expanding coverage. agree to approve Aetna/Humana and anthem/Cigna mergers in exchange for
Lindsey w. an E has best sense of humor as Senator since Sen. Dirksen.  Out standing in his field.
the ACA didn't work because conservatives run these companies and they upped premiums on purpose to promote
Country First.  Suspend all votes until #TrumpRussia investigation is over.  #NoGorsuch
... will you admit @realDonaldTrump is a narcissistic crazy man?
We can not appoint a Supreme Court justice in the last year of a presidency.  Also, the President under FBI investigation
Uhm @LindseyGrahamSC you wouldn't even grant Garland  #SCOTUS hearing. The LEAST @DNC should do is #filibuster! #resist
 @CBSThisMorning
Judge Neil Gorsuch should not be confirmed until the Russian interference situation is investigated.
Suspend these hearings pending Russia/trump investigation.
disappointed GOP obstruction. of garland not discussed in re: gorsuch
be honest. It's a stolen seat. No offense to Gorsuch, but that's the reality: stolen seat
step down
Term limits 
#MAGA
save you some time, trump is bad, i am smart, i ran for president, didnt win because putin doesnt like me
not acting against the Russian influence is collusion
How about if you find your morals before you go on
While our dotter was lil', I told her autobio should be entitled, "It's Lindsay With an A"   She's Lindsay.
#StolenSeat No confirmation during open FBI investigation.
Gorsuch not a friend of women and their issues.

please do something a out the info re,: Manafort's big Russian payday
Will you be declaring your allegiance to the Democratic Party at this point
.@LindseyGrahamSC @CBSThisMorning Gorsuch can wait. Investigate The Russian connection Now.
-This isn't even about #gorsuch right now! No #SCOTUS pick until #Trumprussia investigation is DONE! Period
sorry. Want my breakfast to stay down
I wish you'd talk about how you stole this seat from President Obama.
Will you speak about Manafort's ties to Trump/Putin?
We will. And we hope you'll listen to US as well about this issue. Otherwise #2020
#NoGorsuch
most qualified judge in the past decade and you don't support him?  Hate?
What about Russia Senator?
