
Worst goes to Obummer hands down.
It certainly “empowers the states” to screw over people with preexisting conditions. How very Christian…
Yes,let's not repeal Obamacare,leave it in place.Quit using non-participants money and let it collapse.people will lose coverage,hate Dems
I’m not a Dem. I’ve voted for Dems, Reps and Independents. I vote based on issue not party lines.This shouldn’t be a partisan issue.
This is not a democratic or Republican issue, it a human issue!
How are you responsible for seeing that I have a roof over my head and food on my table.
I paid into that system. You do too, just in case something should ever happen and you need help.
Providing healthcare for all saves money and lives in the long run.
Universal healthcare in Norway, they pay 60% income taxes
Need nurses to speak out.

Only Trump lies not the media.
And screws over the people. You are no Christian. If you could make healthcare decisions without greed as a motivator...
Greed? The government is not responsible for you or me having insurance.
Liar. Liar. Liar. Your legacy is a two-faced, hypoChristian liar. And let’s not forget #traitor.
I see nothing precluding people from obtaining  their own insurance like everyone else.  Stop asking the workers to bail out the bums.
Shame on you for turning your backs on Americans and bringing forth a hateful Trumpcare plan.  You will kill thousands of people. GOP KILLS!
No, you're lying. It drastically reduces coverage, it penalizes those with pre-existing conditions, it increases costs. It's a sham.
What we have now is a shame!  I don't care what they change it to, I need to buy insurance that I can afford!
Lol...well, be careful what you wish for.
Making arrangements for my $3,500 lab bill.  That is with the payment from the insurance of $185 dollars!   Anything is better!  Need relief
Thereby killing people.  When you politicians get the same care the rest of America gets.
We'll have 50 incubators. Voters & state govt will find programs that work for their citizens.Needs may vary based on demo/geography/climate
Actually, incubators nurture life. This bill does quite to opposite. It is *literally* a death sentence for untold numbers of Americans.
Politicians, ins co & drs will be more accountable to patients bc HC will be decentralized. Work toward restoring Dr/patient centered care.
Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. What it does is allow States to kick millions off

States track records are proven FAILURE the American ppl will not give @POTUS Trump or Republicans a pass #irresponsible #ItWillBackfire
32 million to lose healthcare because the Koch bros bribed the @GOP.
and how many didn't want insurance in the first place but were forced and how many are simply dropping out of Medicaid?

Probably how your face is all the time.  Just lost and confused.  Smh
then why don't you wait for the CBO score and have hearings and find out exactly who would be left without coverage.
How come u all never care about state rights when it comes to environ protection, immigrant protection, women's rights, voting rights etc?
Notice you don't include inborn baby rights either but that wouldn't fit your agenda
Vice Liar again with party's same LIES about healthcare bill that damns American people dependent on healthcare so donors are satisfied.
LIAR
IF IT's SO GOOD RENOUNCE YOUR FREE GOV. HEALTHCARE AND JOIN YOUR CONSTITUANCIES IN YOUR OWN PROPOSAL OF THIS "Graham/Cassidy" THING.
It's a crap bill. Really not difficult to realize when every charity involved with health issues rejects it.
You are amazing....Keep On Keeping On.... Patriotism describes you....

.@VP if you only had a brain.
He's gonna need a bigger bucket of lipstick for this particular pig.
Empowers states to get exemptions cut benefits. Face it, your $ overlords were getting impatient so you put together junk bill
It'll be great when we get the cancer (mccain) hahahlol and other cancers out of washington,DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Correct and each state can decide to opt out. Like say....Arizona
Good luck VP talking to three liberals from the MSM.  They firmly believe in big government and not states rights.
No. We firmly believe in the democratic process, not voting on a bill that hasn't been scored and honesty.
...or gone through even 1 committee hearing.
You work for Trump? You better find a good lawyer and somebody to pay for it. We're betting on locking you up
And use the RNC to pay your legal bills. Also, why don't you switch to this great insurance?
I shall use u.s. tax money (to pay myself) to stay at my business. I might bankrupt Secret Service too. I WON, SHUT UP. Let's Golf! #RESIST
Mr Hang Dog Face, Apologist in Chief!
The states are not responsible enough to handle this - affordable healthcare should stay at the Federal level
No.  It really should be privatized with some oversight - govt should NOT be involved bc that always means pilot part of the equation
And before you go off on me - laser eye surgery is privatized - quality up, access is up, costs r down.   Competition is good
Thought CBS had more class than to have you on any show.
Vice lying president.
aaaaa!!! He is backkkkk!!!!
@mike_pence The disparity of coverage between states unfairly sets up ppl w/pre-ex illness to death warrant. Cruel to toss ~30M ppl off HC.
Some of you leftists say 30 some say 32 and 35 million.  You need to get your leftists bullshit straight.
If there was only a #CBOScore.....#GFY
Agree. Move to the states. The Federal Gov. Can oversight them.The people of the state can more easily vote state Reps. and Sen. Out or in!

it is impressive that you can pitch that with a straight face
Vice president Pence and Donald Trump are complete compulsive liars pensive got no balls can't stand up to the president we need leaders.!!!
And liar
Give it a break Pence!
Give me a break you butt kissing fraud. You'll say anything your orange boss tells you to say! #SnivelingKissAss
So u don't have the federal gov. take care of kids,disabled and poor. Makes sense to me.  Kill off anyone who needs healthcare. What a plan
#NoAmnesty #BuildTheWall
how can you folks sleep at night?
It eliminates the thing that makes us United...a belief in the EQUALITY of all Americans!  Everyone deserves a STANDARD of care.

U mean lied to CBS with your spin on this disastrous HC bill! States will not be able to afford the enormous HC costs!
Whatever happened to people being responsible for themselves
Great
It empowers the states with nothing though.  How about a plan that actually works for everyone?
If it passes, every Republican who votes for it will be out of a job next election. Bring it!
Why do u look so smug when discussing taking Hcare from kids w/disabilities, those in nursing homes, pregnant or postpartum women, the poor?
It takes money from those that need it and gives tax breaks to your buddies! Your as bad as your boss Pence
No--those in DC are rich--they are not affected by this at all--Mandates and penalties are WRONG !!!!! Kill Obama Care
We should not have a @POTUS that call “People son’s of bitches” Everyone knew that Trump was a racist when he was elected
Shame on the Republicans that didn't vote for it, they should step down from office!
You’re a murderer, this bill is murder. Shame on you.
And also kills millions.
"maga"
Reason : the damn leftists need psychiatric care.
You showed that you are a puppet period. 32 million lose coverage and insurance companies can charge astronomical rates for pre existing
Gayll101Said 35 million, which is it?
Who cares...one is too many
IT's nice empowering the states & letting them decide who 2 take hcare from: a single mom, a family w/a sick kid, a relative in nursing home
-The Dems R organizing an attack group to oppose this bill!They R giving them written scripts, congressmen & Senator's phone numbers to call
#MAGA 

.

Pence and that fake ass smile, lying if his mouth is moving, same as trump.
You mean Obama.
This guy is s turd
This from the VP who can, with a complete straight face, lie about the POTUS's meaning 5 mins after said POTUS has said the exact opposite.
Bull. Shit. That's not what @RandPaul is saying! @lisamurkowski please make this end with a firm and final "NO". These people are not well.
Don't cut out people who crosses you,leave the door open for further fruitful talks,great vice-president of America.well done.
To takeaway protection for pre existing conditions. Did you know that all the voters are not idiots?
Once again,Who cares about the American Worker FIX IT! There is NO  reasonable Reason to Replace it...Other that a boastful Campaign Promise
Oh mother
@GOP You sir, are an undereducated, unmitigated liar to speak of this bill as you do! Study it! Shame!
You have no idea wtf you're talking about as usual.
ComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicit #UGH
This bill kills children, the elderly and the disabled
my state senators want single payer for all NYers, are you saying that Washington will support that? inevitably every state will want it
They will need a set of guidelines 
A)Must b USA Citizen 
B)Money CANNOT B USED FOR ANYTHING ELSE!
C)Must Follow The Laws

Puppet penis
It SHOULD be with the states!  Government doesn't need to be in health care!!!!
AMEN Sister !!!!!!
Mike Pence.......SHAME ON YOU.  How will you answer history when so many will suffer in your home state.
Doctors, Hospitals and Insurance groups blast GOP HC  bill.
Obama was good president
Obama was the best.
You forgot to mention how it would take away healthcare from several millions and effectively do away w pre-existing conditions ?
That's a good thing - these people need to get jobs and pay for their own healthcare.
How do these liars sleep at night?
This bill is only marginally better than O care in the respects that it requires block grants which is a Federal subsidy. Disapointing
Yes and depending what state you live in will determine whether you get health insurance and medicaid or not. NO SOLUTION!
What have you and Trump done since taking office to address Russia's interference in our political process? Does it bother either of you?
Empowers states to refuse coverage for pre-existing conditions
Somebody in Damn Crooks read the constitution
Liar
Congress needs to get their health insurance through this new bill. They shouldn't be exempt from any bill that they pass. It's wrong.
Yes. Allows states to cut benefits. Local control is bogus- a code word for discrimination
and takes healthcare away from millions of people
You mean hands a tax break to the rich while removing protections for most everyone else. Special place in hell for the likes of you.
Without the resources or ability to create healthcare systems needed for all. Not good. #SaveOurCare
Except that nonpartisan analysts (& the CBO if you gave them a chance) say that the bill is disasteous. Trust doctors, AARP, Heart Assoc...
Kill the bill
You're a liar. #FakeChristian
So how does campaigning for a McCain wannabe like Strange do that? He's as anti-American worker as they come with #CAFTA support.
lies, you are full of lies!!!!!
Please take a moment. https://www.facebook.com/NancyPelosi/posts/10155998449794384 …
Wrong again Pence
CGI is great now a days,you can't even see Trump or his strings amazing!  #maga
If you support this bill, and don't care how it will hurt American families, then you can no longer claim to be a Christian. You are evil.
@VP says states that REFUSED to  adopt #ACA & expand Medicaid to help their citizens would care most about voters... Give Me a Break!

Why do you hate Americans? #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Stunning

Katy Tur: there are no protections for essential health care benefits in Graham-Cassidy…
You're full of ! Taking away insurance from millions of Americans!
Since your lips are moving, I know you are lying.
#nocredibility  #fake #fraud

I see on your list Ins. Co's Hospitals & Doctors. I'll bet they don't want the Stated dealing with it. Much easier to bribe Washington
So states can opt out anytime and leave sick people on their own.  Nice

In other words separate it into so many different pieces that no one can protest it as a whole. But hey your boss will reap the money.
Yup, less funds for states that legally accepted Medicaid expansion and opportunities to deny pre-existing conditions. Got it.
And leaves your constituents to die, #Traitor
Dumps it on the states so no responsibility and then the states dump the health insurance for their citizens. @VP who gave us #HIVEpidemic
It moves the Kochs into the WH is what it does Squinty. #Resign
And takes health care away from Americans
Yep, takes away mandates and penalties For those of us who don't want to pay for other people shit--God bless Cassidy-he got my vote
#GrahamCassidy #DonaldTrump
So all states can opt out, really big of them, big insurance doesn't want it. What morals we have!
How dare you call yourself a "Christian"? You are morally corrupt, ignorant #FakeChristian. Jesus would want nothing to do with you.
And doesn't help Americans!
It bill moves ability out of people with pre-existing conditions to get inaurance and empowers hypocritical politicians like you.
Yes and we are all idiots
liar liar liar
empowers the states and leaves poor without healthcare. it's that kind of world now. Dog eat dog. The rich get richer, the poor get poorer
GARBAGE.. just like this ENTIRE ADMINISTRATION! You smell like compost and dogshit! #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW #TrumpRussia is REAL #SaveACA
Healthcare should be done on federal level so that Americans receive the dame care & pay the same regardless of what state
"Empowers the states to impoverish the needy, that is, esp the sick & handicapped. We don't really give a damn about them. HA HA HA."
and you appear so sincere will making life difficult for those who can least afford it - good for you Pencey - I'm sure mother approves
I just hope the rates go down
Liar! #GrahamCassidy will punish the people in Blue states. And the elderly, children, the sick, poor & handicapped in this country!
You like lying about things.
Liars will not inherit the kingdom of God, Mr. Pence.
Rand Paul says it costs taxpayers dearly and is not a repeal we were promised. He says he can vote for the skinny bill, Get the skinny bill.
So why not stop diverting money from the ACA to use for adverts to try and stop people signing up for the ACA and put that cash back into
#potus #gop #Cassidy are all wannabe mass murderers.  How many 10s of thousands die because of  mill/billionaires plan?


The BS tie breaker speaks lies. #GOPthepartythatkills
How is slashing funding to California giving Californians more power?
TRANSLATION: You are dumping your shi* mess on the STATES. UR trying 2 hide  cut in Health Care to zero from Citizens. CON MAN, ur outed.
ED is covered in this POS, but not preexisting conditions? You'll burn in hell for pushes this #SaveACA
BREAKING: Education Secretary rescinds Obama-era guidance on investigating campus sexual assault, puts interim rules in place.  Disgusting
Yea and takes away healthcare from millions of people the fact you are rushing this just so you don't have to do what the people want and
My son has affordable Obamacare. The new hc bill could waive coverage of pre ex conditions or charge exorbitant amts to cover you
Together We Give Glory And Honor And Thanks To GOD ALMIGHTY Lord Jesus Christ. The 1 That Sits On The THRONE Who Lives Forever And Ever.
Lord Jesus Christ Is The Light. Light Comes Forth From Your Heart. Love Lives In The Heart. Light Is The Truth. The Truth Destroys Darkness.
With Single-Payer aka #Medicare4All or Universal heathcare. We'd All pay far less for far better healthcare. (Not free, just much less $$s)

What a bunch of cocka.

This is the US VP advocating kicking millions off healthcare in exchange for $$ from Koch Brothers. What a dick move
Re: deferring to States. Make sure those running the state are not corrupt, that would really be a waste. CA. Here
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence #WeThePeople want you to stand up to the big Healthcare Insurance Cos. & stop the fraud/abuse. #USA #ACA
Yeah,with less money+dictating how the money can be used!There's no new Innovative idea or approach it's just a tax cut! Medicare your next!
Give states and the people choices.   One size fits all doesn't work.
Thanks First Lady!!! Great speech!!! We love you!!!
A real  Christian would not support GrahamCassidy.  A real Christian would support a bill that would insure more people.
A real Christian would be against a Gov taking away rights wake up
A real Christian puts others first
So that you can keep the money that we are paying in taxes and help your rich friends.  Some of us are not that stupid.  We know wt you do.
Waisting your time to sell out that bill in which probably it will not pass. #GrahamCassidy
#FAIRtax does he same. Please consider. It is a good solution.
