Don't support this bill, Lindsey, until you read it, and the CBO's conclusions! This was rushed! This isn't conservatism.
Obamacare was wrong, and so is Trumpcare, hun! Two wrongs don't make a right, didn't they teach you that in Kindergarten?
Yada, yada ... "its the first" ... Stop with this nonsense! It's a rush job. One that could have unforeseeable consequences.
Do you remember the disaster Bush gave us by going into Iraq? Do you also know that Obama leaving so quickly also created chaos?
You mean the process where your party rushes the bill through without a CBO score or even time to read/debate?
In other words you are getting ready to BETRAY the Republican platform again!!!
I remember when you said this:  I will admit, I’m concerned with the process.  Guess it doesn't matter any more to you.
This bill is "Health Care Reform" like chopping your dick off is "penis enlargement."
It'd be cool if you were equally concerned abt the possible $140,000/yr premium increases for patients with metastatic cancer
Or that rape would be considered a pre-existing condition. Or that special ed. funds wld be slashed. Or that 24 mill. would lose insurance.
Shame on you.
It would be sooo much easier to fix it then start from day 1 like u did here!
So why didn't you try to slow down the process and make sure the bill got a CBO score and full debate before a vote?
He's a #KochWhore tryna get that money.
And yet, the "process" doesn't concern you now? #hypocrite
you mean lack of a #CBOscore ? No idea who will be affected? No clue what was in it? House members excluded from effects?
I am so shocked how you have turned your back on us Republicans.I voted for John McCain and regretted it.I wouldnt vote for Obama but I just wouldnt http://vote.You  2 either need to be with us or quit
I will repeat, I'm concerned with the process.
Please fix ACA, don't take away health insurance from millions of people
Let's see: Continued funding for Obama Care, Planned Parenthood, and sending taxpayers money to insurance companies is not a win.
Progress!? CBO estimates 24M lose coverage and my employer can choose to not choose cover EHBs. Stop this. Stop it.
I don't consider  ruining people's  lives progress although  it might be for you
Adore you. Understand concern, but wish we didn't share every thought. They are oft used against us by Dems later. "Even LG doesn't like it"
Karma's a bitch, Senator Graham.
Your concern vanished as fast as @BillCassidy can say "Jimmy Kimmel Test"...or about 4 months.  Yep.
Your constituents are more than "concerned with the process." We are outraged & appalled by the back-room dealing & political cynicism.
What an idea!!  Patriotism over party!!  Just think
you were quoted in a story by @voxdotcom
And you sir are perpetuating it
Sir, if there are exemptions or special treatment for Congress, it is void of integrity. Shameful to include sexual assault as pre-existing
I think the reason behind sexual assault as a pre-existing condition is it prevents women from reporting. Aligns with Betsy DeVos.
What happened to this, senator??
TY, you just gave us Single payer, we owe you big..Could not have done it without this.Cheers..
MORE HYPOCRICY JUST TO PASS SOMETHING . SUCH A SHAME REP DONT REALLY CARE AND DONT MIND LYING
The #GrahamCassidyBill - if passed - will go down as one of the DEADLIEST pieces of legislation in history - YOUR LEGACY. #SaveTheACA
We don't believe you until we see YOUR vote.
Trump University 101: Keep the CON going at all cost, they will believe anything you tell them
Iowa's last medical provider just pulled out If Obamacare lesving Iowans with NO coverage & you are pussyfooting w/ change!
Mr. Graham. There is nothing good or right about what is happening here. Do the right thing. It's not process. It's substance.
It's process AND substance.  Not allowing the Democrats to have a voice at the table to make amendments is bad process.
please come home and hold a townhall on this before a vote ,voters have a right to know
how's the health of your shareholder and donor supporters? the rich are richer than ever. you only serve them.
https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/9/19/16330094/cassidy-graham-hypocrisy …
You don't find the "strip 24 million people of healthcare coverage" and "turn being a woman into a pre-existing condition" thing concerning?
"Domestic violence is a pre-existing condition" isn't concerning to you? Surviving breast cancer costing you $140k PER YEAR for coverage?
NONE OF THAT concerns you, Lindsey? Just "the process"?
You talked a big game about being pro-life and protecting babies at Neil Gorsuch's hearing - shouldn't that lead to serious concern about
what's going to happen to ~those very same babies~ under this travesty of a bill? Not pro-life AFTER birth, then? #AHCA
Charging women $17k MORE on premiums following a healthy pregnancy for the rest of their lives isn't concerning?
Just the process, then. Shameful. Utterly shameful.
L.G. had graduated from DTU , motto: Keep the CON going as long as they believe you, and when they don't, make up someone to blame, move on
Yep. Pulling a Pelosi and failing to thoroughly read, CBO-score and vet a bill before passing it...probably shouldn't happen.
Progress? What progress would that be?You getting richer from it or signing the death certificates of millions with pre existing conditions?
Please vote against this atrocity when it gets to the Senate.
History doesn't reward political victories, it rewards improvements in the human condition
Danny Downer weighs in...
Progress?????

Nice way to hedge your pact with satan
.@LindseyGrahamSC you and I have an altogether different view of progress.
Honestly, I don't understand your concern with the process. What process? I am concerned with the result.
You won't do a damn thing about it.  At the end of the day you are party over country every time.
You know this is wrong and cruel to Americans you have promised to represent. As a nurse and human being I'm appalled by this bill.
It's a bad call letting health insurers ignore people with pre-existing conditions. You know this. Do the right thing.
Senator will you support people being denied or paying high rates for preexisting conditions?
for gods sake just shut up. Can't wait to vote against you
What is happening right now isn't progress, it's rich men ripping insurance away from Americans and destroying our country and economy.
Then why do you support it? YOU WORK FOR US! Start working to get this nightmare off the table.
Removing healthcare from millions is progress? Why don't you make seeing a doctor illegal? The process is your party's.
It's a train wreck and a gift to the wealthy on the backs of the poor.  You are better than to countenance this.
Be concerned because if this passes the Senate your Senatorial career is going to be over.
No tax payer dollars for insurance companies
I'm concern about the process used to appoint Gorsuch. GOP blocked Garland vote for a yr while Putin helped elect trump
You should be. Pushing this bill through without even knowing impacts will come back to haunt House GOP. Be smarter than that.
Key word is apparent. #AHCA #IAmAPreexistingCondition
Are you serious? This bill takes away important protections and many will die as a result. You should be ashamed.
This is disgraceful, and you're a part of it.
Sen. Graham rather than the process you should be concerned about what a very bad piece of legislation it is.
The image of a bunch of old white men celebrating taking insurance away from Americans WILL haunt them.  They are fools.
Sen Graham if it good why did the House members need to exclude themselves and their employees?
You should be concerned with Trump's Deathcare legislation.  Ashamed of you Lindsey Graham.  Won't be laughing at your corny jokes any more.
Will insured be allowed to sign up, get care, drop coverage then repeat when sick again?
The process is a portion of the problem. What they are voting on is a travesty and will harm millions of people.
stay on it..keep fine tuning. #USA
I appreciate the apparent progress on health care reform in the House of Representatives. I will admit, I’m concerned with the process.
At least they moved the ball forward, Senator.  Now you have a chance to improve as needed.  Please don't let it stall
Your concern means nothing to the Americans you have harmed. It will be a pleasure to see you voted out of office. November 2018
Aetna made $2.3 Billion last year. Shame on you and your party.
Do not let this stand.  I am not kidding, Lindsey.


A Pyrrhic victory is still a victory, right?
I agree Senator @AARPadvocates
Process? I'd be concerned with the deaths!
If you ar concerned, it's your DUTY to vote NO.
What progress? Congress should b on 'plan' y'all have come up with. Death panels, sick will get sicker=death. haven't found what it covers.
#DeathPanel
Don't be too harsh on Lindsey, you'll give him the vapors!
Progress?????
Graham, why do you hate Americans?
I'd be concerned if you weren't concerned.

7 million vets lose healthcare tax credits under #TrumpCare!

@RepKinzinger is USAF & voting yes. Shame!

…
I'm concerned with your inability to speak truth to power.
I know we in SC will remember your vote when we cant get healthcare and are old and sick.
Then stand up for your voters and don't be a @realDonaldTrump lapdog.
@SpeakerRyan is evil.
Historic defeats coming for the GOP in 2018/2020 on all levels. Everything they worked so hard for will come crashing down. Can't wait!
Cryptic much. Wht the hell does this tweet do 2 help the issue.Nothing, as usual, just bluster. No results. Country is dying because of ego.
God, you are such an empty shell.
You should be ashamed and better watch your back during reelection Sir. Vote for this at your job peril.
@jbarro please vote no!!
concerned? But not willing to talk to your constituents to vote against? Your words are hollow and meaningless.
You get to deal with this shit bomb now Senator -- a complete moral and policy failure. Day of the shame for the GOP no matter what happens.
Listen to your gut! This is a dangerous bill being shoved through. Please urge all your colleagues to take the time to think this through.
People will die, this is not philosophic, this bill will let people die..so that the top gets a tax break.
The product is terrible, too. Or haven't you noticed?
As you should be. Your party is more concerned with millionaires than the average American. Why does the GOP hate Americans?
Too soft when lives are at stake.
"Concerned" with the process? How about "ashamed"? This is a total travesty and you know it. And that's leaving aside the damage it will do.
You are more concerned about losing your job. At least you don't have to concern yourself with healthcare!
Oh? How concerned are you, Senator? Not seeing much action from you to back-up your occasionally reasonable statements.
Concerned? No CBO score. No impact analysis. Forty minutes of debate.

Yeah, I'd be concerned too. The House is like the old Supreme Soviet
He's looking for friends
Please protect the real ACA preexisting condition provision. Many will suffer.
But, you won't do anything about it, because party before country is how you guys roll.
Your useless handwringing will not save you from the anti-GOP wave that will break over this country in upcoming elections.
You aren't concerned that rape is a pre-existing condition under this bill?
I thought you weren't this foolish.
sick of you saying the right things but not ever holding anyone accountable
But are you?
Spoiler alert: he's not.
@jbarro what progress?  I really wish your party would stop pandering to the stupid & start listening  to the informed
I'm slightly more concerned with the devastating effect it will have on sick and poor people, but to each their own I guess
Yes, those with pre-existing conditions, seniors are all up in "the process".
This is evil. People will suffer. People will die.
You and everyone else
Then vote NOOO
Don't worry Senator. You will get your body count.
Putting politics ahead of people's lives is not "progress".  This is shameful and disgusting.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Wouldn't want to ruffle feathers. It's only the lives of EVERY AMERICAN FAMILY. JESUS CHRIST. #endofGOP
Is progress having millions of Americans stripped of basic human rights to give Warren Buffet and POTUS tax breaks they don't need?

buddy I don't think you're nearly concerned enough
Vote for this monstrosity and we'll never let you advocate for war on Sunday morning talk shows again, Lindsey.
and it's coming to a theater near you.
Concern won't save your colleagues in 2018. Work well with Speaker @NancyPelosi and Leader @SenSchumer. Impeachment not off table this time.
Progress? it devastates thousands of South Carolinians.
We all are
No amendments No cbo report a hasty fast process
Please please do not vote for this bill.  It will effect so many Americans and not in a good way. Please please i am begging you. Vote2018
You should be. If patients are significantly harmed by the changes it will be a Republican debacle. FIX the system don't kill the users.
Really? because you have no women voters in South Carolina? or sick people who vote there? hmm, something to look into.
Reform?  You mean travesty. Your pro-life party ensuring the death of thousands or millions. Celebrate this?
Process over people, I guess.
The draconian #AHCA bill is not progress. The process dishonors America's values. Senator you need to quit going down the rabbit hole.
You could take a stand against stripping millions of their healthcare. This is much bigger than you and your position in the US Senate.
I want someone to ask the House Members why women are particularly disparaged in the AHCA?
There's too much it doesn't cover. Would you want this for you & your loved ones? Or if you were a woman?
From your fingers to God's ears.  Please don't allow this to happen.
That's bc the process's goal is PURELY political - It is not AT ALL about human health or improving our healthcare system. #GOP #heartless
House voting without a CBO score, yes you should be concerned that GOP is killing the USA ppl with crap GOPCare bill.
Be more concerned with the results.
I'm concerned with your lack of concern for the American people.
Pfft. All you jokers care about is reversing everything the black man did no matter the cost to your constituents. Pathetic racist dinosaurs
I can't believe YOU are going to succum to political pressures. Keep the faith. Make the health bill right or vote no.
Everything trump concerns you. I'm concerned that you are resistant, and obsessed by Russia and not clinton, weiner, Aberdeen, soros.
GOP needs more time to understand what's in the healthcare. Otherwise you're doing the same thing the Democrats did!
Bill sucks and you know it.
Does it make you "mildly nauseous"?
All of the words heard today should have been a bipartisan effort for MONTHS to shape a better America. #UnitedWeStand
Horseshit. You don't give a damm.
Really, that's all your concerned with???? 
Your party sucks, party over country every day.
Concerned?  No CBO score. No text. This is WRONG.
And yet you will the first person to vote yes .. for Trump .. a pocket lining Godless man .. you will all answer to God on this vote ..
The do something about it.
And what is your vote?
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC for having the courage to at least question this HC bill, @SenatorIsakson, @sendavidperdue you should do the same
This is a travesty that will kill people. That belongs to you and the rest of the GOP. Pro-life my ass. #JesusWept
Please #voteNO
You like leaving constituents unprotected? Destroying the lives of millions? You, sir, have no honor.
We need your concern to be a NO VOTE.  I need my healthcare.
Your sincerity about the health of citizens is underwhelming.
Duh!!!! Ya think???
Well, I'm concerned about YOU!
"Processing" a "Flawed, Inefficient-Product" ...is PROBLEMATIC & unAmerican.
And you should be really concerned about the result.  This bill will kill and/or bankrupt many of your constituents.
Then stand up for what is right. Be a person of integrity.
You'll get over it.  You always do.
You should be very concerned. You will own this and live to watch millions of Americans die and you took part in that. And this is America?
@postandcourier your worried about the process & not the people?? 
National health care should be limited to the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines and Coast Guard. States and private sector can handle the rest.
You better man up. I have not been a fan, but a least you have shown some guts to stand up for what is right with POTUS.
I appreciate your concern. We would appreciate it more if you actually voted AGAINST millions losing insurance in the name of tax cuts.
Blah blah blah, you will still vote for it
There is NO progress. Do the right thing.
THEN VOTE NO
I'm under the assumption it's going to pass and head to the Senate.
I'm concerned about the bill. If I can't get coverage, I can't get care. Without care, I can't work. Is that what you want?
You really are the Midwestern Housewife of @quinncy fame.  I'd say grow a pair but they are so soft and vulnerable.
Did you read the Health Care Bill?   Everything I heard sounded good.
JUST SAY NO, SENATOR!
You know the whole thing is grotesque.
Progress is generally defined as improvement. This bill is no improvemrbt
The GOP is a party of corporate owned liars and hypocrites.
