No he's not
Liar.
There’s actually 5 lies in your tweet. Trump’s new personal best?
You're not a class act. Resign.
Did you READ HIS BILL????  Do you read ANY BILL???
And Moore running 4 gvr in Alabama totes a pistol in public. No to Moore.  Go to Vegas too,  lazy
The mere fact he is endorsed by you is only further proof. #BS
Who dat beeeee
Sounds like the polar opposite of you!
If you endorse him, then we KNOW he’s a lying POS just like you.
You're an idiot and a fool and Mueller is closing in!
No you are
Says the bot.
You the Bot???
Funny. If you are not a bot ... the responses you give mimic them well.
but u do not want to help people unless they stand for your flag it is conditsional
Please Mr Trump look at your gun laws.
That's great news Mr. President!  Does that mean he'll vote against the horrible bill he wrote?
Jimmy who???
#WorstPresidentEver
agree so why not have the Senate  and Congress  have the same health care as the rest of us. Make them use Obama care and see how fast it
He may not but that is all you do!!!  NO DACA NO ILLIGAL MEXICANS GET RID OF THE RAG HEADS & Any other that in not AMERICA CITIZEN
At first I thought it said Bill Cosby xD
*cracks knuckles*
Hi, people who follow @realDonaldTrump! FYI. Cassidy's bill would throw at least 32 million Americans off insurance.
Says who?
@BillCassidy 

FYI:
And they laughed, smiled and patted each other on the back. And Trump continues to chip away at the ACA. There is a special circle of hell just for the GOP. ENJOY! 
I do remember when Cassidy said that pre-existing conditions wouldn't cause an increase in premiums.
Cassidy is just another fraud who wants to overturn everything that Obama did just like you
How about just fixing Obama care rather than trying to completely repeal it and replace it with garbage?
I am sure Obama knew what he was doing when he put together Obamacare.  Just leave it alone.  Nobody wants a new plan.
Imagine That! Allowing DOCTORS, not Obama Bureaucrats make decisions about Healthcare laws!
President Trump is returning America to a FREE-MARKET healthcare system where Americans can get affordable, high quality care!
Thank god!  I have my own insurance and love it.  I don't want Medicaid.
Then ask the people of they want this bill - NO!!!
That's a good joke! 
he is lying and so are you.  Anyone who read it knows costs skyrocket and nothing covered.
You are clueless.  Millions would lose insurance, pre-existing conditions could make insurance unaffordable!  Bad for the people! Just evil!
That's quite an impressive list of healthcare organizations denouncing the latest Trumpcare incarnation!  Doesn't that tell you anything?
Have you read it? I doubt so.
Maybe he doesn't lie, but YOU do!
Obviously that's a lie because you said he doesn't lie but you ALWAYS lie.
Please explain why Alaska is offered the opportunity to continue with ACA but only IF Lisa Murtkowski (so?) votes to repeal ACA...WTF?
This healthcare sucks..... Obamacare rocks!
Trump bull shit haa haa idiot .
Yes he just wants to help people remove their hard earned tax $$ into the pockets of the 1%
More evidence the #heathbill is a piece of crap. Perhaps you find that term offensive,  https://twitter.com/thehill/status/911036343664484352 … @MariaTCardona @Amy_Siskind
#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  
You don't even have a CLUE whats in the HEALTHCARE bill you r pushing for. Learn to read cuz Cassidy is lying like a GD rug!
Bitch you don’t even know the difference between @IvankaTrump and @FLOTUS
If he wants to help people this would be a strange way to show it.  This bill hurts, actually kills people.  a cruel bad bill.
Rouhani says Iran will strengthen its missile capabilities: state TV
Clearly that is a lie!
Republican death care dies, thank you John mcain
"dotard" Period.
Sick how can you block someone with cancer for trying to tell you how your healthcare bill could kill her

bullshit
All 50 States Medicaid directors have rejected the bill
BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
You either have read it and are lying, or haven’t read it and are just making shit up.  Which is it? @SenJohnMcCain don’t let us down
Which people the 1% or the 99%? Seems to me he had 99 problems!
Not one not one medical group is in favor of this. WHY. Cuz he is a LIAR
There are a few class act republicans You & Cassidy are not one of them Give up & fix the ACA
Funny how you have say he doesn't lie because he was caught clearly lying on national TV.

Laura has stage 4 cancer-she spoke out against the bill then Trump blocked her–Please retweet her video reply below. 
Please Donnie, read the bill before you say anything else. Cassidy has NO interest in the health of America.
Please , if your mouth is moving you're lying!  He's heavily funded by Insurance lobby groups! Americans are not stupid
What? Help them to die? No he lied--I heard him and I saw him with my own eyes and ears.  NO class act behaves that way.
You really ought to S top telling lies that can be fact checked.
Liar.
Jimmy Kimmel would disagree with you!  Sorry more lies!  Cmon fatassss....when can we wrassle for charity?  POTUS
He obviously lies, as do you
I guess your word is true!!!

That's your opinion.  Everybody knows he's lying shill.
He lies and you lie. NO ONE supports this version of Trumpcare. You're killing Americans. #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump #TrumpResign
BS
https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/1713309898700493/ …
In other words, the exact opposite of you.
He was paid millions ass-wipe
Did you read the part about states being able to opt out of pre-existing conditions???
He doesn’t READ Manny!
Cassidy and you are big liars!! You are trying to actually kill people! We won't let you! #GrahamCassidy
President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
Who knew that helping people means my spouse will not have affordable health insurance.

When u have to say someone "doesn't lie", usually you are the 1 lying...  which is of course what u spend most of ur time doing. #Obamacare

More lies from you too Donnie
Yes.  I am a Democrat, and I almost hope the bill passes.  Americans NEVER FORGET HOW TO TREAT RAPISTS! (Republicans 2018/ 2020)
Exactly.  An Act of deceit.
No real Dr. would come up with this plan. He is an Undertaker, wants more business putting people in the ground. Murderer.
Bull pucky!!!!!
Obviously not.   His bill is light on the healthcare and heavy on the tax cuts for the insurance & drug companies.
You're definition of "class act" is probably different from the majority of the country.
Crooked politicians will have blood on their hands when they kill millions of people with this evil bill if it passes
I thought the only one who doesnt lie was put on the cross.
Not with that bill! You lie!
He lied to @jimmykimmel . Or he's dumb. Which is it, Mr. President?
Lmao- when a lier says someone doesn't lie... Lmao
You need to know for sure he is not ignoring the facts because this will be "Trump care "you will own it

@BillCassidy is a joke!  He lied to the American people & continues to lie to them!  He should give up his government funded healthcare!
No...just the rich, entitled white ones.
Always convincing when you have to emphasize 'he doesn't lie'. Really adds credibility. Bigly
Bullshit!
Donald, WHERE ARE THOSE TAX RETURNS? The American people are still waiting....We haven't forgotten
He doesn’t care about people(like you), and he DOES lie, also like you.  Class act?  More like Ass Crack,both of you.
Liar
says the man who lies
Why do you want Americans to die?
Class Act? Not quite.  @BillCassidy is willing to be deceptive to obtain taxpayer $ or political gain


@BillCassidy
You tweeted this is a "Great Bill" well is isn't #Trumpcare "cruel" "ends #Medicaid" bad for elderly & disabled. Oh wait u think ins $12/yr
He does lie!!! You can't read a book by it's cover. Most Republicans don't care about the people. There are a few that do care very much.
So sad u hv not read this bill.  States like TX wl loose  pre-x, maternity, etc unless group plan. Medicaid ends 2026 & wl KILL our elderly
It kills healthcare for millions and destroys existing funding. It will kill people. Legions of insurance and medical experts agree on this!
He lies like you do. He doesn't GAF about people. Period
What a sales pitch!  Translation: this guy doesn't lie - but everyone else does... including me and I'm lying right now about him not lying.
From one class act to another, right.  Oh I'm sorry - I meant from one ass hat to another.
he only cares about screwing middle-class, poor & elderly. Same as you!!!!
That doesn't help when we have a #FakeFraudulentPrez45 who won't change & is too stupid to know what he's doing.
SillyD, why should we believe you? You lie more than any politician in US history. RESIGN!
Donald, you, of all people, saying someone doesn't lie is not reassuring.  GOP wants this bill to pass because rich donors demand tax cuts.

@BillCassidy BULLSHIT. But then what would you know about a "class act."
M  coming y
Both of you liars, liars, pants on fire! Shame on you.
Sir, I saw the part of the Bill that where the elderly & those with existing medical problems will suffer greatly, Please review this
Anyone you support makes a whole lot of people suspicious of his credibility.
Bullshit
Why don't you and the administration have the same coverage since it is such a great plan for the American people.
https://amp.livescience.com/58185-autism-research-threatened-by-new-policies.html …
Coming from a man with very little credibility @POTUS @ussenate
I think he fails the "First do no harm" test.
Then why is @BillCassidy trying to take healthcare from millions. Sounds like he picks Party and money over people. #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Everyone knows YOU lie and will say anything to get what you want.  You don't care about the people, only your adulation. Bad deal. So sad.
Lies lies lies
It's not just the people of the USA who hate you Mr Trump. Now the whole planet hates you. You are the most hated, reviled man in the world.
There's something I can compare and contrast"he doesn't lie"
If Dr. Cassidy votes to replace Obamacare, he's violating his Hippocratic Oath. Listen to the AMA and Jimmy Kimmel. He doesn't lie.
Really ?
Dump will be hitting kids pretty darn hard with his policies, especially Trumpcare. Too much hypocrisy in the Trump family and in the GOP.
#RESIGN
Healthcare / treatment shouldn't be available . Narcotic pain meds should be paid out of pocket 4 /other options. Not enable drug addiction
Resign before you are impeached. You are delusional.
He only cares about politics he is no doctor, neither are U very sad,
Quit
If that were true, he wouldn't be putting people in harm's way.  It's all about the money.
You only want to help yourself and your rich entitled jerk friends, liar. #TrumpsCorrupt #TrumpsACrook #TrumpsALiar #RepealAndReplaceTrump
Why do some Trumpeters not see this?
Hahahahahahahahahaha
Hahahahahahahahahaha
Hahahahahahahahahaha
Hahahahahahahahahaha
Hahahahahahahahahaha
Hahahahahahahahahaha
Hahahahahahaha
There are so many phonies hidden behind phony names on Twitter who criticize every thing and everyone that supports president Trump MAGA
if he is connected to you why would you believe him, your the biggest liar
#FIRSTDONOHARM   #LIARSDEFENDINGLIARS
Liar!!
You suck
Yeah, like you he want to help people - right people!
The CBO hasn't given their cost factor yet, so we don't know what ramifications the Graham-Cassidy Bill will have on the healthcare
Cassidy doesn't even know the details of his own bill and Trump only cares about erasing Obamas legacy.
Time to see that the Senate uses the same healthcare plans offered to Americans.
Worst healthcare bill. #GrahamCassidyBill all you want @realDonaldTrump is to get rid of Obama care so you can put ur name on it!
Apparently no #dotard can read!
Laughing Donkey https://youtu.be/0sbggLX4qKo  via @YouTube
oh, he lies. you are just too obsessed with winning to notice.
He doesn't need to lie.  You got that covered, Boo Boo!!
You have no clue what's in that bill.  Your only concern is to repeal Obamacare.  You care nothing for people whose lives depend on it.
He doesn't just lie like you? Yes he does! Liars!
Cutting more off ins. isn't caring. If he really wanted to care, & help US ALL he would propose non-Profit #SinglePayer #HealthcareForAll

why wouldn't you want a bi partisan, well-crafted bill? How could you think to "hurry" this before your measly 50 vote monopoly rexpires SAD
Well they want to do is make the big Republican Party donors happy. At the cost of the whole American population
