I do not understand why people want statues removed. The reminder of our past. Where we come from, and where we don't want to return.
we want them used as education in museums- not celebrated in our town squares. They inspire hate and division
Get your facts straight.  Before you become a useful idiot.  They are not the same.  Antifa came to battle with helmet, weapons and shields.
I want ALL extreme groups included, AntiFa & BLM included, otherwise it's just political posturing.
This was Fox News headline.  An out and out LIE!!
As Americans we have allowed those groups to co-exists it was not domestic terrorism
Chris Wallace is a joke!!!  #firechriswallace
Must include #BLM & #Antifa in these groups. You remember groups #Obama invited to #WH. @realDonaldTrump included, why are so many ignoring?
GROUPS is the key wording. Both are hate filled and must be stopped. There is no place in America for white or black supremacist
She's DEAD.BECAUSE OF YOUR GREED!
Why aren't these non profits stripped of their tax exempt status? Why are US taxpayer funds being given to these groups as grants?
Thank you, but the GOP will always be seen as promoting and tolerating terrorists until you call for the President's impeachment.
Right on, Senator.
Go after funding
For two days now no one is focusing on the true problem which is blm and antifa.
this shows how much you support the antifa who are the wanna be nazis and black lies matter who destroy cities rioting.Your one pathetic man
So is the Democrat party
There is no place for white supremacy groups, I also wasn't sure about Antifa. Googled them. They are no better. To use strong arm tactics

Graham has zero credibility on solving anything.
Own this, it's your party. Look at the comments laying blame for the death of an American on anyone except where it lies.
BLM domestic terrorist group too, And so are
many of the college campus organizations.
Senator call them ALL what they are & speak
truth
Removing our history is an act of ignorance & is anti-American! Like it or not, it is OUR real live history! Don't remove it, learn from it.
Fox has disfunctional diatribe of news reporting- do not want to watch Victoria Secret "authorities" on how to run the country
Lindsey, you just described the Democrat's.
Are you for calling for @realDonaldTrump to get rid of Sessions, Bannon, Miller, & Gorka.  If not, then you're full of crap.
How come Graham did not call BLM a terrorist group oh that right McCain ordered him not to and both are afraid of all left wing groups
We need to follow the money on these groups. I suspect the people they lead back to, may already be familiar to us.
Hate has no place in my world
The hate groups are ANTIFA and blm
I apologize. I missed this important message from you.
All of these hate groups, on both sides, need to be labeled terrorists groups. KKK, BLM, ANTIFA, BLACK PANTHERS, and so on. ALL HATE GROUPS.
But yet there you want to rip Healthcare life and death for thousands away creating your own type of Holocaust 2.0 nice job Lindsay
Linsey ur gov let r Jobs go 2CHN&a MassInvasion of US by Mexs 2take r jobs.Wths have b'n run out of CA by ur Mexs.Que Bono=UR Corp buddies
YOU TOO are part of the Alt right propaganda machine, Fox!  You are fooling no one.
TheVery media we r suppose TRUST&Fox,utterly Fail Americans by Blaming whts who have a Lic. 2 Protest&Support AntiAmer who $#it on their Rt
Domestic Terrorist r the Dem-Commies who shouted dn the Wht Protesters w/a Lic.2 Protest.Their Civil Rts were Violated&Gov&media allowed it
@AndieMacDowell3 Terrorism is killing random individuals. Violence aimed at opposing factions that result in death is just plain murder.
TRUTH. Both groups are racist with diff ideologies. KKK, ANTIFA, BLM, WHITE NAT'List all racist, full of hate. All r Domestic Terrorists
It was NOT an act of Domestic Terrorism.Us Citizens who Made US 4 400yrs can NOT b called this when they defend r HISTORY no matter. @POTUS
stirred up by the Democrats of city council of Charlottesville on purpose
Two faced liberals. Getting even for Republicans hounding Obama about saying "radical islam" now saying Pres needs to say domestic terrorist
So is blm
Including Antifa and BLM who had no right to be there & started the violence.I hate bigotry, etc...supremecists had permission..free speech
Thank you, Senator.
Both sides are to blame!
But was it provoked?
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1896257700695870&id=100009349744590 …
Surely you refer to #antifa and #BLM as well.  They go around vioting and destroying property, yet you didn't call them out.
Trump didnt "miss an opportunity" to condemn #WhiteSupremacy . He REFUSED the opportunity. These ppl are his base. Now do something.
Is that why VA authorities invited the press almost a week ago.  People please turn off your TVs - let news happen & reported
Good start. Now demand that Trump #FireBannon #FireGorka #FireMiller and restore the funding he cut from programs meant to fight neo-nazis.
Sounds like communism to me. Look it up.
Disagree they are people that have been backed into a corner and are fed up with the politician
Why is not AntFA condemned the same as white supremacist? After the one death at this rally was due to an Ohio AntiFA!
Very true!

Get a grip @LindseyGrahamSC
So, legislate against "domestic terrorism" -- ALL of it.
L.Graham need to shut up, so does the governor.
History is the best teacher and a constant reminder.
The alt left started the violence- the idiot white supremacy group have a right to meet - Lindsey is no better than the MSM
POTUS did condemn the white supremacy AND the alt left
sandra bland murdered by republican cops
Resisting arrest and depression got her.. Sad
All three groups should be condemned!  You cannot call out one without mentioning that all three fall under domestic terrorism!  #coexist!
Name them Lindsey... your hood is showing...
Or if you will Trumps base.
and coincidentally these groups love trump.  Odd, really, isn't it?
Ok so you spoke on Fox about it. Glad you called it for what it was.
POTUS spoke for all AMERICANS by condemning this behavior! In the strongest way
The Nazi leader of your political party needs to go. Along with his Nazi sidekicks(Gorka/Bannon)what is the matter with you?
Loving it.....8 more years of pure bliss and safety!
@FoxNewsSunday said this about the @WhiteHouse? Usually u people are always in agreement 
I can't find Lindsey urging BO to condemn BLM. Lil Wayne had more leadership: "don't feel connected to BLM" than Graham & BO put together
You're clutching the pearls bit is so tired. We're going to vote you out! Watch us
Thank you for calling it domestic terrorism
Duh!!!
Now, stand up and stop being an accessory to @realDonaldTrump, Russia, and these Nazis. #CountryOverParty
I agree...We need Obama back to pander and grovel! And to send billions to all these! Yup, give them more uranium...that outta do it!
Really. Then what are the groups Soros and Obama back. Friendly neighbors?
The hate is similar in character on both extreme sides & both beget violence.
How about we look at them all?https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/morning-mix/wp/2016/06/03/ugly-bloody-scenes-in-san-jose-as-protesters-attack-trump-supporters-outside-rally/&ved=0ahUKEwjo4r7en9PVAhUDxCYKHagyDEc4ChAWCDcwBA&usg=AFQjCNGbZkvReoq0I-MQWkwtONR-ei5IwA&ampcf=1 …
Who voted for trump because he echoes what they believe.
David Duke in #Charlottesville saying this Nazi, #UniteTheRight fiasco "fulfills the promises of Donald Trump." 
The real nazi's destroy our flag, our heritage and our historical monuments
The real racist are those that promote the nazi globalist agenda, the anti American first agenda
The real racist are those that demonize our history, destoying our historical monuments and our rebel flag, we fight the establishment
thanks to va police one American terrorist can no longer drivecars over people as he remains locked up
The real racist are the black lives matter groups and the colleges promoting segregation from whites, unconstitutional, nazi's are globalist
God you're are thick. Read a book for god sake. Try the rise and fall of the 3rd reich by w l shirer for a start.
Also WHITE SUPREMACISTS. Please say it.
Baloney...why show up?  Why incite a battle!  Why give it air time?  It was a planned fight and you know it!
Yet @realDonaldTrump is allowed to have members of this group(Bannon & Gorka) as trusted advisors w/ Security Clearances to Nation's secret
Where has your outrage been the last 1.5 years? This isn't recent problems.Your paid thugs are coming to roost. You're  part of the problem
And enemies of our country!
Violence started by antifa counter-protesters. Speak the truth.
She again sayz ACA must be undone but does not call out her pals like Johnny McCain.

Was same hate that motivated Nice, London, San Bernadino...
Who are Graham's largest financial donors?
