@1Deplorable42 shut up! Sick of Republicans tonight because of your Traitor friend @SenJohnMcCain
Huh?
We don't just need innovative HC; we need the very best HC for each of our citizens wherever they live. After all, this is still America!
Does that mean fewer resources? NOTE: SC is net gainer from federal funding.
You had 7 years #dont re-elect Lindsay Graham in 18. Drain the swamp
3) Is this returning power to the states, or responsibility? It would open door to Fed allocating funds, making future changes too easily.
Getting rid of our traitorous president is important too. As for healthcare...sngle-payer so EVERYONE gets quality healthcare.
No, getting money and power out of our elections is what will be the best hope for innovative healthcare
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Then you can clean your hands and cut taxes for the rich...BUM
BS! State's Providers collude to maintain no affordable options from few  insurers by standardizing policy costs! Open across state lines!
Maybe -- but I'm not so hopeful about that in Texas. Too many of us think healthcare is for sissies and sinners.
4) Worth and requires much thought/discussion. Meantime, parties should work together to evolve current law, specific issues, eg portability
Start by supporting Trump
Sigh...no Lindsey, bc the Rand Paul's of the world will deny their whole state any help affording care.
Never mind the Teahadists
The only way to control insurance cost is to control health CARE cost. How can that be done is what you should be asking.
America needs medicare-for-all.
As long as the money sent to DC gets returned to the states to run Healthcare
I think I know where we should START! #ImpeachTrump  sorry @LindseyGrahamSC, u
Returns to inequality of healthcare. Why do boston ny and washington have so many hospitals Money!  Others shld not have to travel4 care
, I am your age, have had insurance all of my life, never had a problem at all, until Obamacare, nothing but problems since
And have you thought about getting input from Governors? So far not seeing it
wow best idea ive hear in a long time from u. think we could get the big money and special interests out of wash. as well? great idea, yes?
Again, philosophy, that will not translate into reality that will work. You need to fix the ACA.
This is nonsense, and I expect you know that.
No bc healthcare resources are scarce. Govt reg scarce resources. Universal HC with private options for those who want free market options.
REPEAL AND REPLACE IT !!
PROMISED TO AMERICA' !
@realDonaldTrump  #OURPRESIDENT
LOL. Seeing you people disappointed is like the second best part of this shitshow.
You Ain't seen nothing yet !!
WHILE You Lefty'S live in lala land !
We're FIGHTING FOR  GOD ' TO SAVE AMERICA'  FROM ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE
coming from a country in which healthcare is provided to everyone, it is doable, we still manage to be a wealthy country
how about returning it to the people!   Governments at any level work for the people.
NO AMNESTY FOR ILLEGALS

What is wrong with you? #BuildTheWall #DeportThemAll

Just resign already.
Senator, our country needs single-payer! It should not be anathema to say so publicly! It simply makes the most sense.
I agree with you 100 percent
I like you senator but this argument sounds like you don't want to do your job. GOP never knew Healthcare is hard lol
You can't do that until you clean up the White House and that corrupt family out!!!
Why is it so impossible for you to accept that The ACA is an accomplishment that most Americans want. Represent your voters or resign.
Getting @SenateMajLdr out of office is the best thing for health care. #ACA #Healthcare
If you really want to get the money out of D.C., eliminate Citizens United.
Here's something Innovative, Healthcare is a right not a privilege. You want to get $$ & power out of DC start with the fossil fuel industry
The only way to improve the #ACA #ACA is to control costs and stop the gauging and profiteering by insurers and providers.
If we can put men in the moon Dems & Repub can learn to work together for compromise. Fix ACA & #DoYourJob
Getting you, Trump and your more rabid  Republican buddies out of Washington would be a good start.
Even if it bankrupts the states.
So we can give $$$ 2states who r presently denying their ppl w/less scrutiny kakistocracy is alive & thriving y'all r not trustworthy
NO ..... GETTING BILLIONS of $$$ from the health  insurance company profits will help more and the enormous FRAUD in the healthcare business
Well it's sad we have a president that only cares about himself. Doesn't even care to get educated about healthcare . #wheres Obama
Get #realhealthcareexperts to design the system and you work on ending the health insurance companies fleecing of #Americans? #fixObamacare
NOOOOOOOO
Or these things called 'waivers,' like the AK high risk pool, maybe?
Stopping insurance companies from running roughshod over the American people is the best hope to innovate healthcare.
I disagree sir.  First, coverage is not health care. Be a Nation.  Encourage efficient health care, but recognize it is an uninsurable risk.
Hey Lindsey, your great grandparents had similar thoughts before their actions led us to destroy the South...
Universal healthcare is the best hope for those who are dying. Hope your friend, @SenJohnMcCain  gets better soon. Some won't be as lucky.
Why does that sound like the great healthcare system pre ACA
What are you going to do to stop Russia from interfering in our elections again?
@GovAbbott except in texas, which hates women, the poor, most everybody except wealthy white men
The U.S. will have universal healthcare eventually, This problem has already been solved by everybody else, the U.S. Just pretends it hasn't
Get reimbursed from little T for hotels. $112k. #Disgraceful
Stop Trump from profiting on his properties. #justwrong
Senator I have the upmost respect 4 u.  As a TX voter, our country needs you, but we need u 2 focus on Russia right now vs h/care - PLEASE
Wishy-washy, disingenuous comments like this are unhelpful to the citizenry in this unprecedented Exec branch ethics crisis. #kakistocracy
First y'all must work with the other side of the aisle, second, no I don't agree. Health Care is a federal question.
Except you dont have control over state level, and your state screws the poor & uneducated. Your way doesnt work-go backward, we all lose.
Getting trump out of office would be really good for our country.
And our health. We have to worry about that since it appears we won't be able to afford h/c in the near future if GOP has their way
Is 4.95% my federal income tax is 28%. Who can afford to help states graham. Do your job and help stop obstructing ppls welfare
You think there are no money and power issues in the states? Wouldn't this just mean citizens have to fight the same fight 50 times? Oh.
Respectfully not with Healthcare. It's a right and should be single payer. Too many lives at steak. Tax corporate health benefits #humane
I'm so disappointed in you senator... so frekin disappointed.
Is it hell
best hope for health of Americans is affordable preventive care. Single payer is the way to go.
Hey maybe u r onto something, let's break up the Washington DC military and let the state's national guard handle it.

Yup...what a great idea. Who is going to pay to upkeep schools, pay teachers, nursing home care, womens issues, etc. My state income tax 1/2
Disaster=pre-ACA
Coz Georgia and SC are donor states.... Good luck, Orangeburg
Lindsey, I want to think you have integrity.. but realize you have none
The ACA offered help for medicaid expansion but Nikki refused it.  We had a chance of having the money in our states hand but she wouldn't
But then if an innovative solution is found, will it be implemented nationwide? Why not look at other countries?
don't you spend time in DC?  people frequently move within the DMV. health care should be consistent when you move within a 20 mile area
COUNTRY. OVER. PARTY. God bless you. @LindseyGrahamSC
Tried with credit cards, banks all set up shop in N Dakota, the state with highest allowed interest rates and worst consumer protection.
No it not... single payer is the only way !
WRONG.  PRIVATE INSURANCE MAKES MONEY BY DENYING PEOPLE WITH PRE EXIST CONDITIONS.  STOP THE LIES
This provides the opposite of hope. It takes us backwards when States were in control, pre-Obamacare, and our problems were worse.
Senator, you're one of my heroes in DC. Please stand up for us. Stand up against this Russian influence. Stand up for our democracy. Please
How about we join the rest of the industrialized world instead?

Absolutely NOT! Let's be honest millions all over this Country will get screwed.
Nice try at spin Lindsey, but no one is buying that.
No, eliminating state regulation of health insurance and repeal of McCarran-Ferguson is a key first step. Like large ERISA private plans.
Lindsey wake up Americans want single payer healthcare now. Stop screwing Americans. Republicans will lose their seats in 2018 2020 Crazy
Horseshit.
Lindsey you know how SC treats us. I take care of  husband who is, a vet, a daughter who has mitochondrial dysfunction. We do not qualify
For any healthcare help. My husband goes to VA but I can't get help. Start answering your phone.  Talk to us. Let us tell our story.
Stop sabotaging #ACA.  Fix it!
Save it dude, nobody cares what you got to say. #votehimout
How are States going to handle limited funds  against a growing population? Who loses?
So just repeal the ACA.  Then free the market.  You believe you know more than the people that elect you.  Remember we didn't ask for ACA!!!
Yeah, not so much for those of us in poorly-run states.  We cringe here when D.C. pol says "leave it to the states!" #sweethomealabama
Alabama is especially skilled at leaving folks to die.
Trump is quite the deal maker.
There's no magic to the states. Some have horrible governors. Take Kansas.
Illinois
No it's not!  Work with the Democrats to come up with a Bill that's good for the American People!  Quit giving into McConnell and Trump!
Most of the red states depend on fed money, especially those with medicaid expansion. this is nonsense
Getting dark money out of politics is best thing for health care.
Do you even care that we have decades of history that proves this tweet to be false?
No, he sure doesn't, yet here he is blathering.
You gonna let states limit, or hell, even negotiate on drug prices for medicaid/care? Without that, costs are still gonna skyrocket.
No. Big Fallacy in that premise. So we all have to move to blue states to get HC! What happened to "UNITED" states of America? Start over
The States failed when they were told to put together the Exchanges due to Republican Obstruction- What will change that?
But Senator, some states will reject that money for ideological reasons instead of spending it on their citizens.
Senator Graham a medicare-for-all plan would be the best plan
Just say it. "I want to destroy Medicaid."
What we are striving to do (i.e. the opposite of every country beating us in health care) isn't working. Therefore we must keep trying
Blatant LIAR, lost any respect for you. Trump is in talks to give RUSSIA their compounds back today and your tweeting to pass a #deathbill
Well according to every Governor interviewed the past few days (R and D) that's not true. They have to budget the money and it's not there
shut down the health ins markets completely, let everyone pay full health care freight - there will be universal health care in 2 years
How about we stop pretending that cutting taxes on the rich will magically provide health care for the poor?
No.   Wrong.    GOP is totally wrong about healthcare.     You are continuously showing you don't 'get it'
I respectfully disagree with you, but I'd welcome debate over this latest attempt at providing tax cuts by cutting health care subsidies.
Why don't you lead the effort to explore the issue you bring up though open Senate hearings?
But there needs to be Federal guidelines or sick people will all move to states with good healthcare.
Or people will die because they can't afford to move for better healthcare nor can they afford to insure themselves.
Getting our President out of Washington would certainly help. Btw I am a Republican- against Trump.
@GOP It's time. Repeal OCare or watch your seats get pulled out from under you. You've got the majorities, you can change the rules. DO IT!
Actually, it's not.

Every other developed country will tell you so.
That solves nothing. Are poor/sick people supposed to migrate where they can get treatment? "The Great Cancer migration of 2019"?
Serious question:  What are your thoughts on a state's right to decide what type / level of health coverage is sold within its borders?
It doesn't look it's gonna happen on your watch.
Work with the Dems to fix the ACA. It's what the people want
Just move the heck on.  Seriously. Not happening.
Actually universal coverage is the best hope for health care. We have innovation we just need access for all
Will the states have minimum requirements as to what they must provide?
Not with 50 different systems, many managed by foolish state houses....NC GOP
Single payer option or Universal healthcare !
If only you were President, republicans might be able to change what's broken. Instead we got an angry man who is incompetent at everything
Stop allowing hospitals & big pharmacy to over charged is the best hopes and cracking down on fraud like we did with Medicare Fraud.
Is the best hope
NY MA soon CA have the models, not hard to adapt them to other states. #sharebestpractices #keepACAprotections
Sorry Lindsey. #SinglePayer is the ONLY way forward.
No, it's not. Fund the CSR's/other comps ASAP to stabilize the market and then make the system better. Stop playing political football.
Please don't improvise!
#ImWithLIndsey
Why?
you mean like state run exchanges?
Senator, the cutting of funds to help the poor is a mistake. Take this as a lesson learned.
Medicare for all!!
So do it !!!!
