Hopefully we can now bring this matter to a close.
Except for the lies.
YOUR PRESIDENT just called Sgt. Johnson's widow a liar. On Twitter. Are you really going to go that low w/ him? What's with YOUR blind spot?
@TheDemocrats @VicenteFoxQue I KNOW YOU ARE NOT TALKING ABOUT TRUMP HE IS YHE WEAKEST IDIOTIC SELF ABSORBED A HOMOPHOBIC RACIST  PERSON
He was so wrong.  He needs to apologize to Rep. @RepWilson
...Donald Trump is any exceptional man. He has the  US at heart and he might not be politically correct but very sincere
Also the GrifterPotOsht, talked at the FBI building.rmber, BUT just Cried about his Inauguration numbers.. the FLA  Rep tked @FBI deaths LOL
Kelly lied to cover for Trump, who also lied. #KellyBlueFalcon
He doesn't serve anymore... he is trumps garbage man! And sadly so are you... so deeply saddened with your enabling someone so unfit! So Sad
What’s the deal with our guys being attacked in Niger? Where is the investigation? We need answers!
General Kelly statement was powerful until he lied on the Rep Wilson! She answered a question from the media about the call and she didn't
I know people in the military none of them ever said they sign up to die, they always say they sign up to serve their country @johnjkelly.
Lie she told the truth he was insensitive and you say she's wrong!
It would of been a wonderful speech if he hadn't put that untruth cherry on the Sundae. He's  tainted by your golf buddy. And am STUN.
No, it was not.
Why would you defend an obvious lie?
Sen Graham, sometimes you appear to get it, sometimes you do not. You very obviously don’t get this. You support LIARS! Gen. Kelly LIED!!
Now DT disputes widow's feelings. Unfit for office! And u know it! Do not remain complicit
Photo of @LindseyGrahamSC sitting next to Kremlin-linked billionaire who gave him $800,000 in 2015 #TrumpRussia #AMJoy #Resist #TraitorTrump
Selling our freedom to the highest bidder.
Really! horrendous behavior from both. I am embarrassed for the caliber of both! Disgusting treatment of gold medal wife to what end?
He as lost all credibility backing Trumps lie about phone call to grieving widow.  Trump drags everyone down to his level...including U sir.
Kelly lied he is taking cues from trump!
this is a Joke? Hes made matters worse, By LYING, we saw the tape.. But that is the MO of this GOP WH... yes? AM I RIGHT?
We have soldiers in Niger and you did even know it. Where is the leadership? AUMF??
Sir Graham his statement was inaccurate for God's sake!
Dear Senator, please read this thread, and learn how  #GeneralJohnKelly's statement lacked empathy.
1) Reading the transcript from John Kelly's press briefing I'm struck by something particularly ugly that hasn't received enough attention
it also lacked truth. Any.
Kelly confirmed that Trump actually said what the Congress woman reported
But didn't know how to properly say it with panache & instead delivered an insult.
Like a doctor telling a family after someone dies on the operating table "he knew there was a risk of death"
Until you're there. Let's see how you handle it when you're faced with a similar situation. My dog can deliver a better message of sympathy.
True, my dog knows to cuddle close and be quiet. Sometimes that's all you need.
He would have been better served by NOT lying about Congresswoman Wilson. Destroyed his status w/lots of the US & military#Gold*#bluefalcon.
What do you think? How much does Kelly hate himself now for going along with this charade.
What statement was that?  It escapes me.  You need to quit teetering and figure out which side of the fence you're on.
Making horrible decisions daily, Mr. http://Graham.Here ’s another 1.What do U think happens for U when this is over?It will end.wake up
He Lied and you support and propagate similar lies to serve the plutarchy and your own personal piece of power.
So what is your problem? The President and his Chief of Staff lied and you are ok with that ? Really. ??    This matter isn't closing until an apology is issued
But, why no apology for giving POTUS bad advice, with good intentions, that insulted widow and family? And why lie and insult?
Why don't you try taking your head out of Trumps a** and breathe some oxygen it works wonders for the brain.
And wrong in describing Dem Rep. Let's focus on that. Also said Trump tried to convey right message. His lack of empathy destroyed message.
So based on your logic Trump should never question a 4 star general?  What is it?
Too bad he’s a proven liar
Really? And here I thought dismissive, contemptuous lying was a bad thing. Mind blown!
what kelly said was a lie, your all proud liars this is what our country has come to, proud of nothing  you sank our country "SAD"
Another Trump ass kisser and Lies just like him now. So much for an adult in the WH Daycare
he's no different than any GOP'er .. he's a damn liar.
Turns out to be a liar, but boy are lucky to have ANOTHER liar in the White House.  Videotape doesn't lie.
Interesting now that DOJ & Congressional Committees are zeroing in on Uranium One, MSM attacks against Trump Admin are intensifying!...
...MSM willingness to join the Dems in savaging General Kelly shows they are desperately trying to protect & hide something from the people.
Then you stand behind his lies as well. Then again you golf with his boss.
You know Kelly lied, right?
What a ridiculous claim. #GeneralKelly is a liar, and embedded in the #Cesspool of this corrupt admin. That's what #StolenElection gets us.
Watch the video because he wasn’t truthful.
Two golf games with POTUS and now you support his lies?
Emm hmmmm because his boss is a dumb a.... and you know it. Don’t let the American people down. Seriously I worry about my kids don’t you?
Russia has succeeded in tearing down our system of democracy. We have no reason to respect anyone in this administration, from the top down.
He lied. He lied again today. What's so powerful or appropriate about any of this?  He's in the gutter with Trump now. I lost all respect.
Would have been better it it was accurate.
You are really a man without a _______.
Barf
He lied to America, he's credibility is gone...so sad...
Too bad General Kelly lied about Rep. Wilson. Care to retract your effusive comments?
No! He's just trying to protect the deplorable. My heart goes out to him but, NO.
General Kelly's claims about Congresswoman Wilson were utterly false. The statement was off topic and inappropriate. #FailedPresidency
Did you the the video of the congresswoman 's speach?  He lied.
There's only so much lipstick the GOP can put on the pig in the Oval Office.
what's it like to be the suckup bitchboy to liars like #GeneralJohnKelly and @realDonaldTrump
Your golfing pal started brouhaha by criticizing responses of predecessors. Gen Kelly got facts wrong on Rep Wilson.
He's making excuses for the soulless coward in the WH. Let's blame the black lady. Shame on him, big disappointment.
Fuck him and fuck you too
Too bad Kelly was wrong Call was on a speakerphone in a car. Plus watch video of FBI bldg dedication. Kelly lied. Apologize
America is lucky to have a couple of distinguished generals baby sitting the head of the GOP.
Too bad he serves at the pleasure of a moron!
Wrong
And we are unfortunate to have YOU serving (is that what you call it).
He lied about Fredrica Wilson’s speech. I just watched it. You should too.
@SenJohnMcCain  can you please talk to Sen. McCain? He has become a real douche bag, he is hurting the party. He really needs to retire now!
Perhaps in light of the news out today that what Gen Kelly said was a fabrication perhaps you might want to delete your tweet.
But it doesn’t matter what trump or Kelly think...it’s what the grieving widow heard and how it made her feel

Except for the incorrect statement about the congresswoman from Florida. 
You're good with the fabricated tale about @RepWilson ?
Is trumps boy
Maybe, you and the other closet democrats can start supporting the President.
You mean the lying sack of shit?
He cut our Medicare by millions to give the rich a tax cut.
Would you care to revise this tweet now that video evidence has shown Kelly to be a liar?
Dude, you're just embarrassing yourself these days. Stop digging the hole!
Other than the total lying part.
Too bad it was a total lie
I agree. Too bad he's not the president. My brother graduated from West Pointe & taught me the value of the code of honor. DJT=no honor
You’re such a royal schmuck
Agree. Kelly=Patriot
What happened to your spine, Congressman?
No Mr. Graham it wasn’t an appropriate statement. I’m tired of you all in charge normalizing this lying thug in the WH.
"Women are sacred" ~ Gen. Kelly
Did Kelly speak against Trump for saying you need to "treat women like shit"?
Be honest, Mr. Graham.
Gen. Kelly was out of line and lost a big big chunk of respect.
Need all our lawmakers like him to love America & preserve our laws
He serves, and enables, a paranoid schizophrenic President. @realDonaldTrump

I think I speak on behalf of many Americans when I say that we have not felt lucky since last November.
Too bad he is not a general any more but a politician covering for a man destroying this country
CLINTON/OBAMA URANIUM SCANDAL??????IGNORE THAT COLLUSION MUCH ONE OF THE BIGGEST SCANDALS IN US HISTORY.WE THE PEOPLE WANT JUSTICE
The fact it was another LIE
Except that this good man has had to jump in to bail out his clown of a boss.Wilson is a friend of the family. She was right to be outraged.
You’re a stump. Soon to be an unemployed stump.
Sen Graham passes"Framework"for TaxBillw/$1.5Trillion DEFICIT!!! GOP says DEM"Tax&Spend"? WHO's doing the SPENDING?  Lindsey & GOP
#KellyBlueFalcon
Exxon owes $70b to Chad, WH puts Chad on new travel ban, Chad pulls troops helping US fight Boko H in Niger, 4 Americans are dead. Investaga
Oh gawd. Another trump castrado. Thank god for Tex Rex and John McCain. You are making a fool of yourself.

You need John McCain http://back.You 're acting stupid. He acted like #45 a racist DOTARD in his attack of Congress Woman Wilson! GOP
Your punishment in life is what you have let yourself become. If you believe these statements then there is a growing illness in you.
It started out as dignified damage control. But then...  Shows you can't work for Trump AND take the high road.
I was sobbing watching him speak.
45's words hurt a grieving family. Apologies are in order not attacks or excuses
Could he take over as president?
Too bad his talents are wasted on babysitting.
Attacks a congress woman doing her job consoling a Family. Yeah, real stand up guy. She was the dead solider’s mentor you dotards.
It seems politicians just can't help themselves and must weigh in -- You included, Sen Graham. Apparently, nothing is sacred.
INAPPROPRIATE! Kelly gave dump the narrative, one he, a gen, got from another gen about his son, a marine. Not to a mother!
No George Bush's statement was powerful!
It was also factually incorrect. And it confirmed the account of the congresswoman and the family. So again, the President is a liar.
That statement is an absolute lie. Trump serves nothing but himself
No. Matter not closed.
Those soldiers didnt have to die and this should not be swept under a rug. Investigate the Niger fiasco.
Gen Kelly said terrible things about Congresswoman Wilson. His advice to Trump about including the " He knew what he was signing up for comment" in his phone call was inappropriate. It is a comment that obviously upset  the young 24 year old Widow. Trump shouldn't have said that.
What bull crap from a sell-out.
@LindseyGrahamSC why don't u ever answer some of these tweets from the people instead of encouraging that bigot @realDonaldTrump?
@LindseyGrahamSC why don't U & @realDonaldTrump resign? Ur doing nothing 4 the people!
#totalliars
Serving the greatest con man in history, supporting his lies ... and giving him credibility thereby. Think about what you are saying here ..
Insane in the membrane...insane in the brain!
Yes, trump did occasionally appoint capable, selfless, and ethicsl people to key positions. Far too rarely, though.
It’s not what u say but how u say it. Trump said what he said. He denied what he said. Then confirmed he said it.  Smh wake up. He’s crazy
Too bad the message was most likely lost on the "audience of one"
You need to grow a backbone and do what it is right for this country. You are all failing everyday
As never Trumper, let’s move on from condolence call.  Was matter of sentiment. Let it go!  Kelly right.
Makes me NEED to puke!
Agree.  And what powerful/appropriate statements from 2 previous presidents yesterday regarding threats to our democracy.  What's your role?
I'm confused as to why you feel the need to continue to bring it up on twitter...
He's just another ass kisser to the Dotard President.  Sad!
Jarring to hear Kelly talk about ‘sacredness’ of women when he gets facts about Rep Wilson wrong + works 4 a self proclaimed pussy grabber.
Bull!
Babysitting and covering trump's missteps and blunders.
He is a jerk.
Fine words but not entirely true & jarring ‘cos he’s trying to cover for a self proclaimed sexual abuser.
Appropriate would be a real president..
If only he were serving our nation
SHAME ON YOU!
He has no spine. The moment Drumpf invoked his son, he should have resigned and backhanded him as he walked out. #kellyistrumpsbitch
I’m surprised that someone of his stature wants to be associated with this WH and this president.
His caliber? Boot licking a white Supremist president while calling a female member of Congress an Empty Barrel?
HE LIED!!! JUST LIKE YOU!!!
45 mocks war heroes & their families, "congratulates" Purple Heart recipients, and now says Gold Star mother is a liar.
the fallen soldier's Mother confirms the Congress Woman's version
If Trump has been calling every fallen soldier, why did General Kelly tell him about doing it 3 days ago
No sir. What he said about the Congress Woman was despicable
Racist and sexist crap directed at a female black senator. We never respected women unless in the home when he was a kid..or blacks.
Sad that as politicians everyone of you are lying  next person swears to the lie. Our children are watching you they will grow up liars.
How far you have fallen. Where was the concern for a Gold Star wife? Only concern abt Trump. Kelly knows better. Shame on you both.
Well , we know what happened with Chad. Explain that.
Are you joking?
He calls out a Congresswoman now but fails to speak out that Trump disrespected the Kahn family last year.  He’s just as bad as Trump.
What?? NOTHING is held sacred in this WH. How can Kelly defend Trump and talk about the sacred? Complete hypocrisy!!
This is 2nd time in a week you’ve groped this WH. Seriously, have you suffered a fall?
The first part of the Kelly's speech was great. The second part not so much. Too political.
Why is he the only one I believe?  So Trump was trying to do the right thing, and fucked it up. He should've had Kelly on the call too.
Time to leave the party.  It's over as a responsible organization.  Feel sorry for the good people like you still clinging.  Sad!
Really?Did he forget about the time Trump derided a Gold Star Mother?Wrong side of history as are you.It's pathetic. For what?Tax cuts..sigh
Lindsey you were so outraged by him, what did he offered you in exchange to change your mind?
It's okay to call her an "empty barrel" ? No! Have some class many of his comments were inappropriate. Be honest & look at it again.
Now if we could clear out the old complicit bigots from Congress we will be a giant leap towards progression. #retirealready
Highly unethical and unbecoming of a US Representative to politicize and exploit the death of a US soldier in order to attack the President.
Don't know what Speaker Ryan can do about this pathetic excuse of a Congresswoman, but this is unprecedented, disgusting, and unforgivable.
I do believe that  Speaker Ryan should address this unconscionable behavior from this pathetic incompetent lawmaker in the House chamber.
Powerful coverup of your president’s idiotic behavior. Instead of circling the wagons, grow a pair and deal with @realDonaldTrump.
You are shameful!
Appropriate??? Are you kidding me?
Gen Kelly disrespected himself & our military by protecting & supporting a Stupid Racist Moron of PRESIDENT, keeps shitting  on our country
let's face it, he was there just to clean up another Trump mess.  Never thought you would choose party over country. SAD
The FAMILY said Trump was disrespectful. Why isn't Kelly STUNNED by Trump's comments about women. Trump should have spoken tonight not Kelly
What did he say about women?
Yes,  b/c there is not much of that in congress these days.  Character is what is lacking in Congress,  or should I say the SWAMP !
You do our branch a great dishonor! For shame on you @LindseyGrahamSC #USAF ALWAYS supports Gold Star families. No honor.
First half powerful, second totally inappropriate + disappointing. Had no place criticizing congresswoman, she was invited to listen in.
Where's the apology to the family! The Congresswoman was invited by the family to listen. Helloooo
That may be true Senator but his "empty barrel" slur was both out of character & out of line. It came across as premeditated - shame on him.
He made it worse! Idiot! He disrespected a congresswoman by calling her empty barrel! Johnson family said Trump disrespected them!!
It A disgrace how The Khan family was treated But your best friend Trump the victim always the victim
John Kelly should be stunned that Pres DJT has admitted to serial sexual assault. Would u let your daughter work in WH?
This is idiotic.
You seem to have no shame Its a disgrace how La David family was treated .Its a disgrace how John McCain was treated by Trump
As a woman I was offended by Kelly on many levels. Old man out of touch. Sorry about his loss but he disrespected A congress woman.
Ummmm... Yeah. Keep telling yourself than.
Bullshit. He’s just the latest to have to prostrate himself to Trump’s pathological ego. Stop enabling this shit show.
