Coming up…!
@GovMikeHuckabee
@LindseyGrahamSC
@RepCurbelo…
Fox and friends????? You can do better but you avoid the truth. America is tired of you politicians
Someone must have accidentally hit the retweet symbol.
Did you read that article where a guy deported to Mexico was then kidnapoed for ransom by gangs who know where they get dumped?
That's a shame. We should avoid hacks these days.
Being on that ridiculous show is nothing to be proud of. It's a joke.
Now there is a lineup designed to make you lose your breakfast 
I would rather see less celebrity time and more action from Congress.
.lindsey u r the company u keep @realDonaldTrump
Well of course you are.
Fox and Friends? Lindsey you are better than that?
Pandering to low life neo-Nazi, KKK, white supremacists, and anti-American ideals by appearing on that vile channel.
If u don't pass tax reform or healthcare and u do Daca .This would make us vote the Rhinos out and the new in.Primaries

Gross. Trump's butt kissing crew. #resist #impeachTrump
Surprised you want money for hurricane relief... thought you would let the free market take care of it
Oops missed it. Guess I didn't care.
If you ever want to be credible, your romance with Fox and Friends should end.
Why don't you go on a reputable media channel and not a Nazi propaganda machine?
Reign this president in sir.  How much more can we take?  Sir, everything is divisive.
sounds like a shit show!
Who are you planning to kick out of the country today? Or take away healthcare from?
Gross
That was your first mistake of the day

U R a SELLOUT!!!! The Repub party is going down & U R COMPLICIT!!!
Lindsey only appears on fox channel. He's become worthless. trumps pawn.
Are you going to talk about how @GOP is trying to sabotage Mueller or how after being battered by Trump, Sessions has become his eunuch?
Rino
Fox and Friends is Trump's state news.
are you going to say something useful this time, or will it be more of your normal garbage?
You're dead to me
Discuss how to stop Trump from srarting a war with N Korea, he knows nothing about politics, war, or diplomacy and needs to be impeached
I missed it and by the time I tuned in it was Huckabee! Eek! Thanks for working hard for the #DreamAct LG
And your comment's.. "If it was me" well it's not you!!  You will never be president!  You need to show your loyalty to our #POTUS
What a line up, you have to be embarrassed to be in the same group with them.
Senator, shame you're still hanging around with stupid folks you're gonna get a reputation, just saying.
Break a leg.... no seriously 
A full line-up of "batshit crazy" on @FoxNews
Lindsey, you'd be best served speaking in more reputable news networks
Back on state run media channel
You can't get anything done house or Senate...he just kicked the can down your deserted street. Don't defend him on the propaganda channel!
Poor brainwashed fools who watch this
Of course. You all agree you hate America or why else do you do all the things you do??
https://www.facebook.com/CRTV/videos/1534926453241502/ …
Just the fact that you appear on Fox & Friends tells me a lot about who you are and where you stand. SMH!
Your favorite FAKE NEWS media. Do other networks. Stop speaking to the racist base.
Whats up with this @LindseyGrahamSC @GOP
Seems fair and balanced to me
Why do you honor that garbage. You are better than fox. Please speak the truth.
PLEASE stop referring to illegal "DREAMERS" as "KIDS"...they are ADULTS in their 20's and 30's...
Wished I could have tuned in.
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/04/04/border-wall-critical-for-reducing-crime-former-agents-testify.html … Listen to the people on the ground.
Faux and friends is not worth anyone's time
Congress puts illegal immigrants before Obamacare relief
Could u actually spend time w ANY OTHER MEDIA OUTLET?
You want a deal? Fund the wall!
Fox=Propaganda  Trump=Traitor
I'm sure you'll be spouting gibberish as usual
Stop doing speaking engagements and do your damn job. Congress is failing America and Trump is helping America. Congress fails to pass laws.
Stand up for the Dreamers. #DefendDACA
Trump gets slammed for repealing it, but congress has failed many years to pass a law. Seems like a failure of congress!
Unfortunately I never watch anything on fox

45 will impact the lives of 800k people just to spite Obama. Don't think he won't put your kids in a war to save his ass from Mueller
A literal shit-show this morning
"He that walketh with wise men shall be wise: but a companion of fools shall be destroyed." #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers

FOX NEWS HAD A NEWS TABLOID, WHAT ARE YOU DOING THERE?
Why so often with Fox and Breitbart: propaganda stations?
Because he's been bought and paid for by the Trump administration. Sad. He had potential, I think.
Who cares
Ah, another State TV appearance!
Nobody wants to hear McCain's side kick lie
Prob with legislating ANYTHING began when McConnell said #1 job of GOP was to make Obama 1 term Prez. After that nothing has been done.
Sorry, but I do not watch State Run News! No Fox for me!
You douchers will protect illegals and continue to fail on 7+ years of campaign promises, typical D.C. douchers playing political games

Thousands of patriotic #Dreamers who served our nation in uniform are at risk of deportation due to @realDonaldTrump's cruel #DACA decision. 
a constitutional overreach is pardoning a racial profiling law breaking sheriff. is firing comey for investigating you and your family.
Off to a good start this a.m. Senator. #Pushforward
I don't care what you think. You've never looked out for the American people. Whatever lines your pockets. I'll vote against you next time.
More crying about this is not America, we don't treat people like this, while you asshats make taxpayers suffer under ACA, same ol same ol

Well Thats your first Mistake right there! I have never seen such disrespect for the American people and thats what your VIEWS R!
You're so on the wrong side as you try to placate the extremes
Speak to your god and ask him why he built you with no soul. Then pray for forgiveness for being a hollow, spineless dolt.
Why?
Discuss Trump's most recent lie (hard to keep up with them) re: taxes
Cool, isn't having that many assholes on t.v. considered porn?
This president is ripping the country apart. What are you going to do about it?
@LindseyGrahamSC ? What's stopping dreamers from filing for legal paperwork? Why should illegal be allowed?
Wow that should be a tough interview will be praying for you - oh wait you said @foxandfriends fair and balanced toward republicans news
Senator, ending #DACA for the purpose of holding Congress hostage on immigration reform while people worry about being deported is evil.
To what end is this decision? For what reason? This does nothing beneficial for the country, not economically, not morally, not legally.
This does do one thing extremely effectively: fan the flames of hate groups mobilizing and committing acts of racism and hate. #NaziInChief
Enjoy listening to you, but I cannot listen to Fox and friends. I'll listen to some Fox, but definitely not that show.
He was great on the Today Show this morning!
I can't get that on my satellite radio – I get MSNBC, Fox, etc. but not CBS. Mornings I am driving to school!
Oh he was on fire.  Savannah said "Jeff Sessions says DREAMers are taking jobs" and Senator Graham said "well Jeff Sessions is wrong". 
Good! Some of the statements made about the dreamers are just unbelievable.
That's quite the lineup, are you sure you want to be part of that #batshit mix of guests. #KnowBetterDoBetter
Aka Two Morons and a Blonde.
Lolololol
John 1:12-13
But as many as received Him, to them He gave the #right to become #children of #God, to those who [1/3]
believe in His name: who were born, not of #blood, nor of the will of the #flesh, nor of the will of #man, but of [2/3]
#God. [3/3]
Matthew 7:7
“Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and it will be opened to you.
A M E N and A M E N !!!!!
