Thanks Senator that seems fair.
better idea....work to impeach your president...better use of time...oh, and then work to defeat ALL of your unscrupulous GOP colleagues.
Once again @LindseyGrahamSC is waiting for trump to tell him what to do.
He cosponsored the Dream Act over a month ago, to protect these kids.
He was wrong to do that as well.
Hopefully there are vastly more Americans who disagree with you than not. Wrecking 800,000 innocent lives is not a conservative value.
I certainly hope you are wrong. Wonder why when Obama was in office and Dems had both houses did they not pass the bill you are looking for
The disfunction of Congress with regards to real immigration reform washes both parties. These kids have earned a path to citizenship.
The only path they need to earn is the path already in the law. Let them get in line and no amnesty for any illegal
Everyone's entitled to their opinion. I couldn't disagree with you more. They are human beings; and are here through no fault of their own.
If you're really concerned about presidential overreach, you need to convince your fellow legislators to resist this dangerous President
Short of impeachment, you have any specifics in mind?
If you're really concerned about presidential overreach, you need to convince your fellow legislators to resist this dangerous President
Well, stopping his crazy ideas from becoming law is at least a start. Communicating to the public what is appropriate and what is not.
Thx. They seem to be easing into the #communicating part. But as for stopping "his crazy ideas", they're voting YEAH on things THEY want.
1/
The notion "Don't just SAY u hv probs w/ Trump, vote NO on his bills"…But if they like a bill, that means voting NO just b/c T wants it.
2/
Also, in some ways Congress-POTUS same party is like a troubled marriage: Smiles in public, while the arguments & elbows fly in private. 
3/
Or put another way, if you've ever seen "Serpico", it's like in this scene…
4/4
DACA is another way of using taxpayers money for politics by Obama. If the illegals want the kids helped use the 250 Billion dollars.
Thank you again.
He put the ball in your court. If I was wrong about you, you will work hard to find common ground and solve this. If not, @POTUS owns you.
Please find a solution that protects these dreamers. Carry the grace of SC and save these dreamers.
Today, I am disgusted by you and the President. If Congress had done their job at any point, you wouldn't have to pin your bigotry on Obama
I say we boot all the foreign workers at Maralago and see if Trump still gets his double scoop of ice cream...
If Congress had done their job BO would not have had to use EO for DACA. #ThanksObama for forcing you to DO YOUR JOB! Stop lying Graham.
1. He didn't "have to" and 2. Obama/Dems had super majorities in congress and did nothing about "Dreamers." Why?
why is it difficult, robing a bank is illegal, so is braking the law, and immigration laws are no different, you are distorting the law
Thank you for your objective and fair views and compassion senator Graham I wish you were my senator
Sen. Graham you are a honorable man whoever I question how the Rep. Party & Your how you keeps backing a man that clearly can't lead our Nat
Please get something done on this!
I thought DACA was for the deportation of the criminal ones here, not ones in school and, or working with clean criminal records.
I make me 
So if you thought that was presidential overreach then let's hear what you think of what Trump has been doing.  Any overreach there?
That a boy!
DACA was a law made by Osama, illegal isn't? Only Congress can make law, Lindsey girl, put your man pants and don't let illegal laws in USA.
Make it work Senator.  I know you can.  This goes way beyond politics.  Don't you think?
An honorable decent country can only be measured by how it treats the poor yearning to be free
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS ) Neither Legal or Business driven decision. Can't run country from feelings! Have laws & boarder or nothing !
GOP has been dog whistling racism for years, now Trump has got the bullhorn. Glad the hatred for non-whites has been exposed. Jury is out.
gotta say you're seing light. you were hurting the USA. PTrump wants you help not an attitude 
all the months, and years, we had to pay into the system to support the illegals, is like getting robed by a criminal, let them pay back.
We'll see, Mr. Graham, what "good" legislation Congress has, because it's been failure. Tax cut for the rich? Repeal and replace anyone?
Build. The. Wall.
Uh oh! Looks like congress is actually going to have to come up with a bill and vote on it! Gonna be hard to push this on the President. :)
Will you and @SenatorDurbin take action to get this bill 
S.1615 passed in 1-6 months as you yourselves promised today? #DACA #DreamAct2017
Or is it all talk and no action as usual from this Congress @GOP @TheDemocrats included #DACA #DreamAct2017
Majority of voters on BOTH sides against amnesty. Which is why DREAM Act failed before. Why won't you listen to voters? #tcot
No, we're not actually.We want a path to citizenship for Dreamer's. Also like to deport Trumpsters but..oh well
You are a hypocrite. America is watching you. Choose wisely.
Rep Graham, I'm looking at your proposed bill 2017 Dream Act S.1615 please explain why you support @realDonaldTrump #DACA decision.
So you basically agree with Obama and Hillary. RINO.
It has long been Congress' responsibility (moral/assigned duty) to act. #StopProcrastinating #DreamersDeserveSecurity #ThisIsThereHome
If you stand for America and support our laws, then you will end DAKA! We didn't make these people victims, their criminal parents did!
I don't know how to explain to you that uprooting the lives of vulnerable children for political reasons is bad.
Would you have made this move as president?
You are cold .
Fair? These are the kind of immigrants you want. How many r in college, the military, first responders?  Most are better americans than govt
Talk you your buddy @SenJohnMcCain, once again, he is running his mouth AGAINST @POTUS!!!

You sir, are a hypocrite, a liar, and there is a senate seat in hell waiting for you.
Your party iceberg is months away, save this ship and get very proactive; healthcare, taxes & immigration
As long as your solution is the pathway to citizenship.  There is no other solution
Trump is doing this just to have a bargaining chip for that unnecessary $$$ wall. Didn't have the guts to make the announcement  himself.
Trump and his administration is so bad. He is playing with the lives of 800,000 productive Americans, some of which are in the service.
Vote this traitor out!  #RINO
Once again proving you are a terrible person! Shame on you @LindseyGrahamSC! #SaveDACA
Let me guess...you love the dreamers too 
You and your fellow republican congress are nothing but a bunch of heartless soulless bigots and racists. Cannot wait for 2018.
It was unconstitutional. If you want to keep DACA then do your job.
You should have done your job to begin with
Infrastructure etc .... it's that simple.
How about passing the stalled agenda that we voted for in November the America First agenda. Tax cuts, repealing Obummer Care,
COWARD! Obama implemented #DACA to protect the best of the American dream because your congress couldn't fix anything.  It was a DEFERED fix
It wasn't amnesty! Obama gave you and a feckless congress a change to comprehensively fix immigration.  You bumbled then and will fail again
These great Contributors will be left alone.  The only home they know throwing them out.  Also these people WORK and make USA BETER
Your circus. Your monkeys. Shame!!!!!!
Graham cut from the same cloth as McCain. Don't trust him at all. RINO
Can you please provide the link to the legislation?  Thank you in advance.
Whats next White's Only Restrooms again I thought you were a better man I guess blackmail helps Trump get what he wants right Sen ?
My statement on your statement on #DACA. Like it? Take care. 
You can't have your cake and eat it too. If you thought DACA needed legislative fix, you could have sponsored bill under Obama. You hate POC
Agreed. This is the right approach.
How about putting Americans first? That's what the citizens of this country expect you to do. Do it or else get voted out.
Guess I'll be voting for your opponent in the next election. Hope you enjoy retirement!
You are beyond weak.
two face lying back stabbing traitor
If this bill fails, the GOP will own this. Charlottesville comments, pardon of Arpaio and deporting kids means GOP = KKK and Neo Nazis.
I agree wholeheartedly
6 months? How about 30 days to get UR lazy asses to work and get it done.
IGNORANCE AND RACISM! I hope you're all voted out soon! Heartless, uncaring, repubs disgust me! You don't care who or how many are hurt!
THIS MUCH I KNOW!
KIDS FINDING A HOME IN AMERICA UNDER WHICHEVER SO CALLED PARENTS. DEMS OR REPS OR BOTH! U DUN WANT AN UGLY CUSTODY BATTLE WITH LOKO NOKO
I LEAVE THAT ANSWER TO PRES BUSH TO DECIDE ON WHAT TO DO WITH DACA OR A REPLACEMENT FOR IT! I HAVE NO PROBLEMS OR ISSUES WITH THE DREAMER
If these #Dreamers are the best and brightest, then WHY WON'T THEIR COUNTRIES WANT THEM BACK? #TerminateDACA
If congress decides to screw over decent people that grew up as Americans because @potus is playing to white nationalist base that's WRONG!
you are wrong, stop DACA, as you should have stopped Obamacare with no replace.I feel nothing is represented in congress
Do you actually think the Chinese is going to help you with North Korea? Their plan is to unite all asians against us
You congressmen have had plenty of time to have had a plan!
The people that come here dont love this country. They only want something from us.
Without Lindsey Graham we would be in trouble.
There should not be any fix by congress. If they were brought here illegally they should leave legally and apply to return!
Why do you think we have a problem with North Korea? It is because your non support of your president has made us look weak.
Mr Graham, I'm a Dem but I think ur a good leader who doesn't mind stepping up to the bipartisan role. Now plez take care of these folks ijn
We should not be sitting around arguing about what to do with illegals. Everyone comes here for something but give nothing!
I support my president and the constitution! And I know a lot of you are shocked because I am a black man. But we have fought every war!
Well it is Obama's fault. Simply because he wanted to create some kind of legacy.The real issue is that they were brought here illegally.
Could you also please help our children PASS HR 1520. Half American children have NO RIGHTS to citizenship, children of veterans.
Amnesty creates special class of citizens above the law. How can you support that? Why don't you care as much about the dreams of USA kids?
Of course u support DACA Grahamnesty. You take any opportunity u can to sell out & betray actual American citizens.
Since you support amnesty, please list what laws I can break so my children receive a reward. I'll wait... #tcot
How old does "dreamer" have to be before equally guilty of willfully breaking law as mom/dad? 21? 25? 30? Why reward law breakers? Obscene.
Yeah right, when RINO PIGS FLY 
If I break into your house as squatter, should my children be allowed to stay? No. Kids of illegals should not benefit from mom/dad's crime.
You are wrong on DACA as well as many other things. They are illegal no matter who brought them here. Need to enter legally

Senator Durbin is awful. Graham's statement is a cop out saying nothing. Walking in the middle of the road eventually will get you run over.
Jamiel Shaw: 'My Son Was Murdered by a DREAMer' -- An 'Illegal Alien on 3rd Gun Charge' http://sumo.ly/Ff0a  #daca
Congress should have been the ones dealing with making these laws.  That is how it is suppose to work.
YOu need to end DACA. It's constitutionality. Enough w all the amnesty. How about you take care of American citizens for once?!
We don't want them . Take care of our veterans
So the fate of these young people is dependent on your resolve to do right by them, and your ability to accomplish something in congress. :(
Lukewarm response.This issue is hot or cold. Only reason President Obama took that action is the inaction by Congress. What's changed?
The vast majority of DACA recipients are adults, not children.
When did the poor judgement of foreign national parents become the problem of America?
When does Congress serve Americans?
Why not find a solution before canceling DACA?
DACA was an executive order which is unconstitutional !do you understand our constitution do you know how to do your job it doesn't show!
No get your lame leaders to actually work on something.
How about finding a solution to the healthcare problem. We need that penalty rescinded before the end of the year. I'm 61,can't srr a doctor
Best example of "over reach" is #45. And tomorrow you will flip to another side. All lies by the GOP.
@realDonaldTrump   SHUT DACA DOWN AND GET THEM OFF OF S S I THEY ARE COLLECTING OUR   S S I  MONEY JUST LIKE THEY COLLECT OUR WELFARE DEPORT
I am for sure judging now. Republicans are going to follow this president until they all lose any credibility they had left.
Hey, Little Lindsey lap dog...exactly what Native American sponsored your ancestors arrival on this land? We're ALL Dreamers, you tool.
I don't see how this (DACA) is a difficult problem!??
Toilet paper!

Overreach - poppycock. If you and your tribe hadn't obstructed every iniative Pres Obama put forth he wouldn't have needed to do it at all.
You had 7 years to come to a solution for Obamacare and failed.  You think you'll figure something out in 6 months? #inept
You're following Trump's craziness? You know in your heart that ending #DACA will leave America w/ a cruel stain on our history forever.
Maybe this time we will see bipartisan action in Congress instead of the Republican  "don't support Obama on anything" attitude of the past.
Congress has been disingenuous in this issue. If the exec order was overreach why hasn't Congress passed legislation? 5 yrs & no action?
Because it was only considered an overreach when Obama was sitting in the Oval Office


BS. No way in hell republican-controlled congress will find a "solution" in 6 months. This is the most dysfunctional Congress in decades.
Excellent. Thank you for being a leader
You are doing the right thing, this issue should not be decided by Democrat or Republican executive order.
Selfish cruel soul
SOS
Treat others as you would want to be treated @LindseyGrahamSC
Who do you work for? The people or the President? You know he is nuts don't you? #DACA
You are in your position for the people not the president. Pick a side @LindseyGrahamSC  you always play on both sides on the isle.
Talk is cheap,
Coongres behave like sheep.
Repubs have done naughtta,
You can act, 
don't have to wait,
For Trump to end DACA
Mexicans and illegals hate everyone that isnt mexican so deport them
No compromise #DefendDACA
I'm sitting here thinking are any of us really surprised with whatever @LindseyGrahamSC  says or does. Grandstander. Follower not a leader.
Seriously @LindseyGrahamSC "you'll work to find a legislative solution to their dilemma?" The senate can't seem to work together...
to find their way out of a paper bag!
The best senator
Statement:
"I will suck Trumps taint to get tax cuts"
This problem could've been solved I need 2001. Congress is too coward&lazy to legislate. Do the job we pay you to do. #SaveDACA
Shameful, one of the few whom supports ending DACA. @LindseyGrahamSC has done very little for his constituents but enjoys the spotlight
This shows moral weakness, senator. If you will not prot c children, you are lost. Shame on you.
Lindsey - do the right thing!!!
C'mon Lindsey... he is playing with congress to get his F wall. @JoeNBC @NancyPelosi @RepAdamSchiff
Oh girl!
Obama did the EO because Congress would not act. Now you will act because you always knew it was the right thing to do, but no Obama?
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Why is each sentence it's own quote? Why not just make it a complete statement?
"I have always believed Lindsey Graham is a Coward and a racist #NAZI"
Coward... DACA was NOT a Presidential 'overreach '....
It's not DACA --- but it's LIKE DACA. We just don't want Obama's name on it.
It wasn't presidential overreach b/c Congress wouldn't act on immigration reform/Dreamers act. Too busy trying to obstruct a black prez.
The economy in SC will suffer if you stop DACA and you know it!
So in your opinion the President can stopp immigrants any which way he wants but he can not provide laws for helping immigrants in the US?
Trump is a hypocrite because Melania wasn't a U.S. citizen when she came here and her parents live at the WH and they aren't citizens!!
Disgusted by this. Shame on you.
You need to verify that Melania's Mother and Father are US citizens. They live in the WH. If you deport DACA kids, they have to go too!
What U want a pat on the ass? Congress needs to get things done! Get rid of obama care! Build the WALL! Lower TAXES! DO SOMETHING or go home
When did you ever help millions of people in need as opposed to your donors? Why not fix the problem even if @BarackObama proposed how?
The problem I see is they do NOT know this country, nor do they LOVE this country.
What does this misfit have to do before you say "I'm done"! Wade it out? Sickening
Spineless. Racist.
come be a democrat- you won't have to make up lies or do shit you know is wrong all the time. You know you want to...
He's supporting Trump? Wow. What a traitor.
pretty sure a fair solution is to just keep it. Cuz you know it's not an 'over-reach' and u know it's the right thing 2 do
congratulations,you must be so proud to stand behind a man who yet again uses marginalized minorities to distract from his crimes w/ Russia
For many reasons, you're as weak as he is.
Reagan give amnesty to millions, and here we are again.  We resolved nothing.  Both parties failed.
Why not pass legislation first? Why does DACA need to be cancelled before congress takes action? If you fail they are totally screwed.
The good news on #DACA is that it is not too late for the @GOP to do the right thing. So Just Do It! Thank you
#DACA may have been presidential over reach but it was President Obama's response to the failure of @GOP congress to do the right thing.
Prez has to delete from BO exec order bc it's unconstitutional. This will give congress a chance to fix it properly.
How can you resolve immigration when our system has no checks on who is here and why?
Both parties exploit those here illegally for different reasons.  That is why nothing is ever done.
It's a cold and contemptible response  He can't possibly think he has a future in Congress if he's this vested in a fascist pro-Putin agenda
"Problem"? What problem? There's no problem. The only problem is kowtowing to racebaiting hatemongers in your midst. Disappointed in you.
Presidential Overreach is your concern? Really! Then reign this traitor in.
