Maybe if you worried more about Americans, you would see the immense talent we have here and stop giving preference to non-Americans
There is greatness to be had through compassion and sharing of opportunity though. God is love, is He not?
So compassion is putting the needs of people who break laws to be here over the needs of our own citizens? Please explain that.
So you're saying 100% of them are criminals. Flawless logic or impenetrable delusion.
If they are here illegally, then yes they are breaking the law. Hence criminals
Dreamers were brought here as children. There is a reason why we apply laws differently to minors.
These kids have parents. They are free to go back to the country of origin with their parents. Unfortunately BHO screwed the pooch on this
You do realize deporting all "illegals" will devastate US economy. That's why big corp's who hire them are never punished. Ask Perdues, etc.
Do you have a screw lose? Supporting illegals before veterans! Americans can't even afford health care!
36%
Youre fired
Thank you senator !! You are a good man .
Send these Dreamers back to their own countries!  are in debt with student loans, while you fight to give Free to illegals! @MargieRap22
Well done Senator Graham. Beaufort County is proud of your leadership on this issue. Your support of Senator McCain is genuine friendship.
As one of many Republicans, we truly hope Graham is voted ou next election. He comes off as nothing but a failure for the GOP.
End DACA! No amnesty! America First!  Americas are sick of fat cats like Lindsey Graham!
Your actions penalize our nation. Shame
You are great. Shame on the Trump traitor!
Dreamers pay 800 bucks to renew their stay every year! They pay into SS and get nothing in return. They have to pay out of state tuition!
how about the average $12K/yr they each cost taxpayers for K-12 education?
Education is an investment in the future and the community. Everyone in the world has the right to that. We need to stop creating ghettos
Then let your community and STATE tax dollars pay for them!! No Federal tax dollars!! Its time to start investing in AMERICA'S kids 1st!!
Don't you get that this IS your community? This WILL be your community whether you like it or not? These ARE American children now.
Wrong!! They are here Illegally just like the parents that brought them! Should go back to home country and do "great" things there!!
Most of them never knew their "home country." America is their home.
Need to take care of alot of other things 1st...Come on Graham do your damn job for a change!!! REPEAL OBAMA CARE!!
The so called Dream Act has robbed your state's education, welfare, and healthcare system from deserving legal citizens.
sorry sue. you're wrong. and all the evidence points to the contrary. but you're prob a russian bot anyhow
Then who pays for their education? Do they all go to private schools? Where do you get your information? Please tell us
Taxpayer monies and programs they benefit from, earmarked by our politicians.
We all know who decides where all the money goes. Too bad they never ask the people wo's money it actually is.
They're more concerned with their own opinions instead of what is law. Senator Graham is a part of the problem.
He's a progressive in RINO's clothing!
Very TRUE
No taxation without representation! Illegals are not representation! Deport them!  @MargieRap22 @alicenmary @jldreamweaver1 @sportymom5n2
Undocumented immigrants hold more white-collar jobs & fewer blue-collar jobs today than they did before the national recession of 2007-2009
Get this colossal disappointment out of the Senate.
You're a great man Mr. Graham.
Dreamer who killed two Boston doctors!
You should remember your oath is to The constitution not anything else if you can't it's time to resign you have stole enough$ from us
Are you really a Republican ??
You have some nerve supporting illegals when Americans don't have affordable health care! Get lost Sen. Graham!
Stay here and send all of these non native South Carolinians back where they came from!
You need to self-deport!

This is how 45th feels about John McCain....bares hearing him again so we don't forget. 
never forget!
Americans are tired of funding your open borders! No more DREAMERS!
People who have no compassion and claim to "Love God" utilize religion to play into their bigotry. #hypocrites
Are you calling me a  racist? We are a legal Hispanic family! You are the bigot! We are proud AMERICANS! If you don't like our country adios
I love my country! Just hate that we are losing it to a racist, masognistic, idiotic president.
Thank you for supporting DACA. Let's get a Bi-Partisan bill passed to protect these folks. #Dreamers AreOurFuture #YesOnDACA
Why should we exploit foreigners' talents who can stay & help their country when we have Americans are under utilising/appreciated at home?
so DO SOMETHING
Who is paying you off?
He is wonderful!
Deport illegal aliens. All of them. They are breaking the law.
@LindseyGrahamSC  is the reason the establishment must go.  Plz remove the photo of u with US troops.  You have no regard for US Citizens.
Graham has been putting illegals before veterans for the longest time! I agree his picture with the troops is hypocracy!
Liar!
Not sure I understand-who is the liar?  A military vet(me) or a politician @LindseyGrahamSC ....  It's time for u to go back home now Amigo.
I 'm a South Carolinian.  And the mother of an active duty serviceman.   Why don't you leave "amigo" and go back to wherever you came from?
You never said that you were a legal citizen. Please save taxpayers money and self-deport! No more anchor babies either! You abused USA
Why would I leave my country that I where I was born and my forefathers helped settle? Why do u assume I am an immigrant ?
This is why I can't wait for @LindseyGrahamSC to come up for reelection. Im going to make sure he is voted out of SC!
Me too! I will work hard to see him voted out of office! He made enough money off the American people!
You don't live in SC.  Are you one of those illegal voters?
I don't live in SC either, but I still vote for SC politicians... bc that is my state of record. I lived there b4 I moved out of country.
Vote no on health care!!!

One of the immigrants who died in the trailer was a Dreamer who had been deported and was trying to come back. http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-texas-migrant-deaths-20170724-story.html …
I've believed in your before, Senator Graham - Hoping this time your word is for real. Most often it is as fake as the con man.
Agree
What about citizen dreamers, one that want to grow up in safety and get the education Americans pay for.
Amen!
Lindsey 's Hillary
Worst. Republican. Ever.
WhenSCfolkVOTEuOUTin'20, it won'tBe4urStandOn"Dreamers" geniusTryBcuzURa spineLESSletObamaOff theHookRINOneverTrumper HYPOCRITE

How about we not squander AMERICANS for jobs?! Not illegals. YOU are penalizing our nation by choosing the world over AMERICANS!!
These dreamers that have been here for years should have already taken steps to get US citizenship If not important to them then deport them
You are not a Republican time for you to hit road Dimwit
Yes!
Gas
You cannot be serious? You will regret your opinion on this come re election time. You are a "r I n o."
Don't squander OUR dreams. What about Americans??? Which donor is telling you this?
#DreamAct
Mr. Graham, instead of Obamacare, why not pass a bill that offers the same healthcare you and your constituents receive?  Just a thought.
You could not be more wrong. No amnesty, none. Report, deport, build the wall
Watching you & @SenatorDurbin brought tears to my eyes I'm a liberal & I can see your heart plz help fix ACA & not repeal god bless you sir
You're a good man, thank you for doing all this.
Liberal here who has been surprised by u in a good way. Still massive differences on policy but you seem like a decent and good man
I hope you know you will get voted out of office over this, bad miscalculation It shows how much you don't understand the silent majority
You squandered thousands of real American lives in your globalist wars you evil man.
Bullshit. America rejected amnesty, and amnesty-lite. All illegals must go! And a moratorium on all immigration.
You should also not squander children's talents who are here legally but don't have green cards. Same story, worse treatment. #heretostay
Stop kissing ass for votes! If someone is a true Citizen and Patriot, they could never be for this! Other countries need be responsible!
Do you realize that SC doesn't agree with you!
No dreamers! Citizens should come first! No welfare for any dreamers then!
As everyone can see Lindsey Graham doesn't want to be a republican anymore. #2018primaries
You're putting the aspirations of #IllegalAlien dreamers ahead of American kids who have the same aspirations? Priorities are 100% wrong
That DREAM has become a nightmare!

You're supposed to represent Americans. Serve them 1st, not the lobbyists. I hope you get voted out of office.
How can the people of South Carolina be so dumb to keep electing this liberal hack?
I will STILL vote you out.  Why?  Because my memory is excellent.  Can't wait to do so.
Time to change your party affiliation.
I can't wait till you're up for re-election so I can vote against you! Only 2+ years, so get your $$$ from ppl now!
You don't care about Americans
It takes away jobs from AMERICAN college students
I don't agree with you often but I will support you on this one. #theyworkharderthanmost #
I can't do much about @LindseyGrahamSC but I and many others can vote against @SenatorDurbin. We're already searching for people to run.
SWITCH TO DEMON-CRAT ALREADY FLEABAG
These young people are in the #USA, illegally.

“They’re going to go out, and they’ll come back if they deserve to come back." -@POTUS
Shameful.for a vote the sell out Americans.Graham must go!
You are actually fighting for America First. If these dreamers are so talented then why do you advocate the use of their talents for US?
Why do you want to steal from other Nations that could benefit from the talents of these dreamers? Are you a Nazi or racist?
Illegals
Cuck.
What a disgrace to this great state, you clearly have no interest in protecting this country.
You are forgetting the good citizens of SC like single parents that struggle to send their kids to school. #ClosetDemocrat
You are a so wrong NO #dreamact Americans are dreamers too and you want to keeps down #obeythelaw
SOUTH CAROLINA REPUBLICANS PLEASE VOTE THIS RINO OUT OF OFFICE! He puts illegal Aliens first before Americans.
You're stealing talent away from 3rd world countries that need them more. Greedy!
They belong to another nation, we need to stop hating and take care of our own
Vote him OUT!!!
Lindsey Gramnesty. ... needs ta GO!
Stop supporting illegal citizens. No patriot support 4 #daca. Deport them all RINO. SOC Media works to get u voted out RINO
Going on welfare and driving drunk are talents we are overstocked with for now. @LindseyGrahamSC
Lindsey, you are a republicrat who believes that illegals and foreign workers should have more rights than Americans.
supreme court shut down amnesty for daca
Goodbye Graham...we voted for @realDonaldTrump becuz of his immigration views. Not yours. Hence u never made it to the big boy table/debate.
If they're here illegally, screw them. Our citizens are MUCH more important.
I look forward to you losing your seat in the next election.
This kid has a dream to. What about him?
I won't vote for you again
So so so glad I'm officially moved out of SC and don't have to "claim" Lindsey.
So much for putting America first, Lindsey.  Just incredible.
don't you think that talent would be better served elsewhere? they can go make Mexico and El Salvador safe and prosperous.
NO AMNESTY! Period. #NoAmnesty #DreamAct

They can use those supposed talents in their OWN nations. 
Deport every one of them.
This position will surely cause you to lose your seat.
If they're that important...maybe they should stay where they are and help build their own country.
A website all Americans need to see! RT http://www.ojjpac.org/memorial.asp 
Americans are tired of arrogant globalist politicians  who refuse to abide by the Constitution
How about do something for the methheads in Oconee County...otherwise I may organize them into a zombie army and rise up against you.
we should look out for our own legal citizens, it will be easy for me not to vote for you & i wont who pays the price for them coming here?
I think you finally jumped the shark...
Open SC primary is the only reason you've lasted this long.
we the people of SC cannot wait to vote you OUT
You care about the kids alright. Especially the teenage boys.

You are nothing if not a DAMN FOOL
Illegals are more important to Graham than US citizens as he makes them priority over the country's real issues
Lindsey Graham: Vote Me Out If You Oppose Amnesty and Outsourcing - Breitbart http://bit.ly/2vKq3zG  via @BreitbartNews ok you're out!
They need to go back to their country and help make it great again!
OUT you go!.. RHINO....WE THE PEOPLE ...have had enough AMERICA will NOT Become ..France,Germany, Sweden or UK..
No one should profit from being here illegally.
Breaking the law is breaking the law....except if you are a dreamer.....
This tweet will be everywhere when you're up for re-election. You're Fired!
Start looking for a new job. You're done!
You're done! South Carolina vote this RINO out of office
You should join the Democrat party.
We will not allow third-worlder's to steal from our children and wantonly violate our laws and sovereignty.
#DreamAct I hope your voters in SC take you up on your challenge and vote your ass out of office. #MAGA

What about the billions of dollars that have been spent educating, feeding, and housing these law breakers. Don't our Vets deserve help 1st?
Can't wait until you get voted out. They are illegals & should follow our laws. We should not make new laws to protect people who break them
Vote him out!  No regard for the citizens of this country. No amnesty.
Immigration reform including the wall is part of the GOP platform.  Unlike you PDJT meant what he said during the election. Vote him out SC.
Don't even start about the dreamers until y'all get healthcare repeal!
we should not reward illegals
So ignore the laws of the land?  #PASS
It's all about the small number if businesses that Graham makes a lot of money off of. He wants those illegals for that reason.disgrace..
@realDonaldTrump we have done nothin to enforc imigration laws.everify mandate end birth citizenship.&Gramesty wants 2 encourage mor ilegals
What about the 90% that broke the law knowingly. Cut in line.broke big laws to get into this country..
You mean like how u want to take away our healthcare?Dreamers included?Guess what? They need healthcare too.SHOCKER!
How much did it take to look the other way about Russia & dump healthcare?How much do u value country over urself & ur rich donors?
What about OUR DREAMS?
Thank you, Senator Graham for leading the way.
Why don't u worry abt American dreamers first Graham ? Instead of future voters for Dems ?
You don't have a clue as to who a Dreamer is do you?
They are needed back in their homeland, along with globalists like you, to help make Mexico gringo again. Deport.
Idiot!!
What's wrong with you? We don't want a dream act! It steals jobs and costs tax payers. America first! MAGA!!!!!!!!!!
Could you please not write stuff like this? I know you're mad and believe me, I empathize.

Wish you were up for election in 2018 so you would lose....I am a very strong republican but want you RINOs out
What talent? The only talent I see is their ability to manipulate the system. Get the hell out of office Lindsey. You're corrupted.
