having the states have all different laws is inefficient. will drive up admin costs for private ins, thus higher premiums
They are too dull witted to think through that people would lose their coverage when traveling state to state. All different plans.
one large pool (single payer) is greater than 50 smaller pools. (state driven) no talk of portability. This is insane!
Right. GOP has no problem with govt running health ins as long as it's states not federal? Wide swings in coverage by red/blue states?
Red states were notorious for health care similar to third world countries b4 ACA. Insurance "regulators" could care less, therefore:
KY's pop'ln is unhealthy, but ex Gov. Steve Beshear (democrat) did good work expanding Medicaid and creating Kynect insurance marketplace /1
Most KY-ians who benefitted from ACA Medicaid expansion don't understand it's because of Obamacare. !/3 of the state relies on Medicaid. /2
I understand why I benefit from ACA, and I'm doing the best I can to educate others. It's very hard when some are set in their ways.
People are paying attention, no longer can you do what your donors say, with hardly a notice. #legislateforthepeoplenotthemoney
Alexander---Murray
I'm not sure you sold it.
Bill, you there? Crickets
Yea we saw your Kimmel circus act. Thanks for showing true colors.
Really want to see a functional healthcare system that almost pays for itself? Then remove all people that built the machine we can't kill.
They didn't want to back everything you wanted. They seemed to be working with Sen. Alexander just fine until McConnell stopped them.
You need to resign and let your governor do your job BECAUSE YOU HAVE FAILED
# R's openining position was "repeal Obamacare". Schumer said that was a no-go.
@SenBillNelson , @PattyMurray , @SenatorCollins , @SenAlexander , wanna field this lapse in memory?
Unfortunately, universal healthcare has been vilified as scary, inferior and socialistic. It’s Quality healthcare...it works.
These comments speak for themselves!
Liar! Your Barney Fife act isn't working. We know who you really answer to.
It's almost like trading favors isn't actually what politics is about, Bill. Maybe they're just listening to their people like they should
Poor excuse of a senator/human being. Do all politicians get right or privilege to screw us over for BIG DONATIONS?
M
ACA = SUNK COST EFFECT! You can not fix it. Stop wasting tax $! Terminate all ACA subsidies & remoce tax penalty effective 1 Oct 2017!!!!!
That was THEN/this is NOW ! LEAD, Sir! Get Rep/Dem/Ind 2gether & show us how u work 2gether. Don’t let DJT divide u. Show him ur better!
Don't believe you Cassidy.  Now u try to blame Democrats!
hey @politico is this a liar liar pants on fire or what?
Pls provide a list of Democratic Congress members you met w/ including dates, length of meeting and topics / notes  @maddow @SethAbramson
DIVISIVENESS HELPS NOONE...YOUR LAST PLAN TO HELP THE MILLIONS WITHOUT HEALTH INSURANCE WAS A NOTHING BILL..THANK YOU JOHN MCCAIN
@LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy @GOP watch for lightening strikes at church this morning. #GodIsWatchingU #HisChildren #WidowsOrphans #WWJD

Solution is to fix not repeal the ACA. That's the starting point. Stop the partisan politics. Soc Sec and Medicare had to be tweaked.
because your 'effort' is kicking old people and kids off health insurancewhile only listening to insurance industry and ignoring the poor
@BillCassidy why do u lie?
Liar! There is a bipartisan group working right now. Where was your effort to help not harm people ever?
What the hell did @BillCassidy mean w/ "premiums are 2% but they're higher than that?" Did you hear that sentence? #HealthCareDebate
I'm still trying to figure out what "exorbiant" means.
Which ones? I'm sure my senator @SenBillNelson would work across the isle like he has on many issues.
And Durbin & Duckworth.
I call BS.
None wanted to engage in the effort to repeal obamacare which is the name given to the ACA by the gop not by OBAMA!!

Your solution probably guaranteed you won't get re-elected.  How is letting feds take the money and dist. to states is even economical?
That seems like a lie.  They've always been willing to work across the aisle
I'm sure you did
Then u come up with a pos, stop ur lying and ur whining.
Leave the money in the state, get the FEDS OUT OF IT!!!
Will U support bill allowing Medicare to negotiate for lower cost prescription drugs yes or no? Failed 2 answer @ debate & instead deflected
no, nobody wanted to lay over and agree with your misguided ideas.

No engagement because Republicans are not sincere. All you want is to divide and subjugate established social programs & defile America.
I don't believe you - Patty Murray was working with Alexander. Come up with a better lie.
...and I hv a bridge to sell you 

STOP LYING 
@BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP
Except there was a bipartisan group working until you & Graham undercut them. Did you ever consider it is you they wouldn't work with?
Well if you're starting point was an effort to defund #PlannedParenthood then a) I'm not surprised, and b) I'm glad.
No. You only wanted to REPEAL Obamacare. You have never had a healthcare solution, nor the desire to ever work on one. You are a liar.
Pretty sure that's a lie.
The CBO wasn't right about OBH how can we trust them now??
from the first semester and books of medicine all the way to the bandaids they charge you with is deep in the marketing glut and lucrative!
@LindseyGrahamSC  them to pay their fair share of taxes. They do not now. It is a patriotic duty to pay taxes to help your
Many have said they want to help with TRUE HC. Was your approach that it was death bill or no bill?
So glad they didn't buy tax cuts for the wealthy as healthcare.
So why were Republicans and Democrats talking about working on fixing it maybe you looking hard enough because thier was a group
See, you're just a plain ole liar right here. You know it, so does everyone else. Y'all completely shut Dems out and ignored their input.
Not to put too fine a point on it, but you are a LIAR, Senator Cassidy.
Doubt that
Complete Lie.
Way are you lying 
Liar
I'm betting this is a lie
We all know that's a lie.
Appears your definition of bipartisan is Ds must agree with you.  Bipartisan = comprise. #NoGames


Not true
You're such a damn liar.

#lies
since you were a Dr which you mentioned about one million times----how about listening to the AMA
Who is paying Santorum to write this bill?
Excellent question. Why is he even a thing.
This is not true and you know it. I thought you would make Louisiana proud. What a disappointment you are.
so is Lamar Alexander smarter than you ... or just more open to bi-partisan?
Sen Alexander WITHDREW Bipartisan HC Plan bec Murray and Schumer were clear - ONLY bail out on Obamacare- NO talk of Repeal - OFF the table.
WROOOONG!!!! "Republicans killed bipartisan negotiations to box Murkowski/McCain into supporting Graham-Cassidy."
SLATE. Not what Senator Alexander and others involved said.
Notice you are not naming any names. Louisiana ranks among the WORST states in healthcare - must not be a priority.
Oh. So you wanted to work with Dems while blatently sabotaging the ACA? You gopers are a total joke. You all need to be GONE! I will help.
#Republicans Got Numbers...??
The latest poll has only 20 percent support for Graham-Cassidy. #HealthcareDebate
To be fair, that's only b/c most people knew how shitty it was, lol.

There's a reason they tried to ram this through without a CBO score. They knew it was shit. They didn't care. Hopefully they care more at their next job.
I live in Floriduhhh. I should trust Rick Scott who stole BILLIONS from Medicare & ran for gov using that money?
been in insurance for over 18 years. the doctors never know what's going on. talk to the billing clerks in the office. they know
Your solution is "screw those with existing conditions, screw the poor!"
Lies lies lies
FAKE NEWS
For 8 Yrs the #GOP promised to repeal & replace #Obamacare. It is insanely criminal they have not done it.
#liar
Wait... what a/b @Sen_JoeManchin?
You're solution was repeal dummy. #notserious #ACARepeal
I don't even have to comment on this post.  My position is well represented.  #SaveACA
Publish the minutes of that "meeting"'plz. You never reached across the aisle and your bill was awful. Own it. #CassidyGrahamDOA
I hope it felt good to sell your soul to a losing effort. You are a liar and a hypocrite and now everybody knows it. #CassidysALiar
Stop lying. Just stop.

Why do Republicans never seem to remember their own internet history 
You failed, you garbage human.
This is as truthful as your promise to Jimmy Kimmel and then gutting CHIP and Medicaid and 20+ million off of coverage.   I'm a La. Voter.
Yeah I can't imagine they would want to engage in the effort to give USA to the rich and screw the poor.
Then again, you lie like you breathe, so there's no reason to give this even a shallow assumption of truth.
Was the attitude you took "Everything you did is terrible, let's start over?" Because that's not how you get people to work with you.
And the solution you came up with is what again? Puhleez! We know a doctor-turned-to-senator-who-is-fake when we see one.
With all due respect, you're full of shit!!
If you can't pass a bill, pass a regulation so our healthcare costs can go down!  Individual policy holders are bearing the brunt!
I too would like to see the meeting minutes. Let's just see exactly how hard you tried. Or if you really did.
You are a liar!
Who did you try to work with?
LIAR

Does anyone fr your office ever bother to read responses to your public false statements?LOOK at the comments here & on FB!See the  outrage
Dr., you know that is untrue, unless your idea was to gut ACA. Sen. Alexander and Murray have been working together on fixes.
Name http://them.Here .We'll get their response.Your constituents try repeatedly to speak to you,but are ignored.#StopLying #Resign
Remember Sen Cassidy, these commentors arent the people who put you in office. No concern for cost def NOT concerned about the Constitution.
I really benefit from ACA! I've had the pleasure of losing my plan 3 times!!! But it's all about Medicaid now.
@BillCassidy speaking of fake news. #DoNoHarm
You didn't want a "solution" you wanted to repeal & leave millions without coverage while you enjoy excellent taxpayer provided healthcare
What a bunch of bullshit! That's a total lie!
Proof? Letters?emails? No proof no facts? @TheDemCoalition @SenateDems
And they never will.....no matter which Republican meets with them!
Things I tell myself so I can sleep at night?
Please shut up already...
As an LA voter, I am tired of you and your BS & lies.
I vote, and will work tirelessly to unseat you and JNK!
Bravo! I'm with you! He has to go!
Ever consider introducing a bipartisan bill that both fixes the ACA and renames it Trumpcare?  1/87
Maybe it's because you look like a creepy Fire Marshall Bill combined with Henry Rollins? Just a thought. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Stripping coverage from millions is not a solution. Try harder.
What was that? Did I hear you say Democrats didn't want to work with Republicans? Give that up!
Cassidy lies lies lies
Because you are impossible to work with. You cannot listen, especially cannot listen to women. Women can save this planet if given a chance
I watched the hearing today. He was so smug and condecending to the female CONGRESSWOMEN ! Truly disgusting!
Not surprised. He's totally full of himself.
It was so difficult to watch! So smug! Reminded me of Menuchin during his confirmation hearing!
Two peas in a pod. Well Cassidy is a DOCTOR. You heard him claim that, right? Like 50 times?
oh yes..he never forgot to mention that!

Shame shame shame!!!!
So what was that thing Senators Alexander and Murray were working on until your failure sprung to life. Jesus, you are not a good liar.

Because democrats have souls
is it a pre requisite for @GOP to lie to us? Most of us are not stupid children. You'd do a better job if you had a vagina.
You're a fraud. Jimmy Kimmel was so right about you.
Liar
That’s utter BS and you know it. You’ve hitched your wagon/reputation to a burned out star.
You lie.
YOU ARE A LIAR!!!!
What an amazing LIAR you are!
BS
You are nothing but a liar
You know that's untrue.
They didn't want to kill a program they created and instead wanted you to strengthen it? Go figure you lying clown. #KimmelTest
Lies.  What about Alexander and Murray?  @SenAlexander @PattyMurray  Chopped Liver?
You're a Liar. Not doubting you met w Dems. Ten bucks you weren't looking for a solution. You're not about fixing, you're about eradicating.
Was that before the election ? I'm sure now they'll come to bargaining table as the minority
You lost. When are you going to shut up and go away?
I smell bullshit
Liar
None wanted to gut Medicaid like you, Billy.
Did you offer to reinstate the public option?
Did you try having ideas that didn't suck? You probably should have tried that.
Liar
bc you want people to@burn their money while they get kicked in the shin
Release the minutes of these meetings. Let's see what was really said. (Crickets) Yeah, that's what we thought.
Full stop.
All democrats want the aca improved, not destroyed.
You were on a mission to destroy it.
"Repeal and replace" is NO solution, doctor. Do no harm!
More lies. Just be man enough to admit your bill, like all the others, serves only to give the rich a tax break.
Why do you continue to lie in the face of clear evidence to the contrary? GOP already is distrusted by majority. You're making it worse.
Liar
Funny since there was a bipartisan effort in progress when you debuted this shitshow. Maybe the problem isn't them, but you're just awful?
History will remember you, & yours, and how you wanted to murder the poor to get tax cuts for the rich.  How do you even live with yourself?
your bill is dead where it should be. much tax dollars spent again
work on fixing ACA. it has the potential of greatness as long as you dont sabotage
why do you and Graham think each state has different needs. it is the needs of the people and medically speaking they are all the same
I doubt you are telling the whole story
Lol, i love bipartisan insulting.
Congratulations, Senator Cassidy. You are now known to be the biggest liar in U.S. Congress, even more so than @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr
Once upon a time there were two old white guys who said "let's take away healthcare!" but Americans said HELL NO. The End.
As @JoyAnnReid asks MEETINGS MINUTES PLEASE.
No one believes your lies. Just stop lying to the American public and work on improving health care.
totally false stmnt. Typical misrepresentation of actual context. Why dont you include the part they said to first not repeal

You'll go down in history as a shameless liar.
Lie.
No one wants to discuss how the middle class is expected to foot the bill. Govt isn't paying for Medicaid/Medicare, it's us.
LIAR! ACA proponents have been trying to get GOP to help #fixACA for years. Alexander & Murray were doing so & McConnell stopped them!
What did Putin/Trump/Bannon find out @ u or what did Koch pay u?
LIAR!!  The REPUKELICANS were ignoring the Democrats and lying about how they weren't interested in working on an answer. You want us dead.
Why is it okay for senators to bold-faced LIE? Your integrity is crap.
You sound like a guy who just got his ass chewed by a Mercer or a Koch.
cut him some slack its hard to talk about healthcare when you are a vampire
Vampires have charisma and get laid regularly.
true he's more Bill Hader than Bill Compton
Well they r working together now so please join that effort. Your skills would be useful.
Did you hear the one about the old white guy who cried when his bill didn't get passed through Congress? It's a beauty.
Because they are all about follow the dollar Money talks and Bullshit Walks. Open your eyes. Make states put it back so thay us state money
