it is kind of someone so used to failure to notice it in someone else
Go cry to Daddy Morebucks and see if he'll fix it. OR: Grow a pair and shut the hell up. Traitor.
focus on Putins puppet. Far bigger threat to us. Step it up Lindsey.

why? Because now he's gonna release MORE secrets?? 
I sure do hope that you dont think Trump can fix these 'mistakes'
time for the Republican Party to do it better, no excuses, full control, show the way @POTUS
Who are you going to blame now?
Maybe you personally are someone unwilling to punish the publisher (Wikileaks) b/c they assisted you. You're a fraud to me.
Maybe poor decision (Manning) I'm not sure but how did you feel about Patraeus getting 2 years probation?
time to do some self reflection, this was the right thing to do. #haveyounodecency OBAMA's character stands on its own.
where's your outrage about national security re: Russia? Or American lives at stake with healthcare?
Stop telling us what we should think and listen to us, the people.
people died!
you can't just say that Obama did a bad thing here!
but a great humanitarian decision, nonetheless #greatObama
so we can count on you voting against Michael Flynn being confirmed, right?
CALM TF DOWN Lindsey. Brock Turner only got 3 months in prison and he raped an unconscious woman behind a dumpster.
yet not as poor of a decision as Betsy DeVoe. Please save public education.
why do you have such hatred for a#Pres. Obama... do you not hear or do you not care what the people are saying?
@SenJohnMcCain Like the one your pal JM did trying to impugn Trump.
wrong this time, senator. Christian thing to do. Compassion. Empathy. And maybe Assange as a bonus.
what are you doing to fix ACA, rather than to repeal it?
focus on yourself. mind your business. what are YOU doing you can talk about, rather than focusing on an outgoing admin?
@Pratt_MTV Definitely agreed!!
Whistleblower who exposed lies and illegal activity in government is commuted, government officials complain. More at 11
get em in line man, if your in charge get your people in line.  Work w/ @realDonaldTrump 2 root out all muslim brotherhood
Lloyd the Muslims are not the only threat look at your newly elected President, all White politicians do is lie & steal!!!
why you so racist in your Tweet
you are way off track! Listen to the people and help keep us safe in this crazy change happening tomorrow.
NO, NO AND NO! Im very happy with @POTUS decision on this one 
I try and ask myself what would Jesus have done in a similar situation.
Sentor Graham to bad your not the President to make the right choice, you are such a hypocrite.  What have you done for SC?
senator, please keep focus on Putin. Please.
Almost as poor as letting our biggest adversary own the White House. Stay focused on what matters
buckle up. your guy will be your worst nightmare #no impulsecontrol#russia
@postandcourier NOT-again. What is wrong with you, Lindsey?
You'll look back at this and laugh. @LindseyGrahamSC
Yeah what could be more outrageous? Attacking a gold star family or a war hero like John McCain?
Wow really?  My O my there are going to be way bigger fish to fry on your watch Senator.  Russia and Don.
@POTUS @TheDemocrats R's should be concerned about DT relationship with Russia,instead of monitoring everything POTUS does.
Not True..remember the Iraq war?
What is the difference, Sir?!  #lockthemup #traitors
how would you feel if someone took your health care away
what's that Linds?  Be more specific please
I think you have more pressing issues to worry about right now let's see if we can keep NATO intact for the next 4 years
What about your secret support for Donald Trum who just got sued for sexual harassment, which is worse than Mark Sanford? @lindseygrahamsc
- R u Christian? If yes, then why r u pointing at Obama?  It shows no respect for anyone but urself.  No morales / values
This won't have nearly the impact on national security that Trump will. Are you paying attention to him?
haha.  Just wait til Jan 21 to define poor national security decisions
@BarackObama you've  been a great pres but I agree with him on this 1 Bad timing, bad decision. Parole eligible after 8 yrs
but,but your new President loves, yes loves wikeeeeleaks he said so constantly & loves Putin too. How's that investigation?
Shouldn't you focus on what is happening right under your nose? Ever heard of Russia?
this is the only decision i will never agree with Obama on. She in her own right is a murderer
What would you say if Assange honors his word and surrenders himself to US extradition? Unlikely, but still, if it happens.
If releasing Manning means Julian Assange, who is a much bigger threat to democracy, turns himself in, I'm think it's good.
he done the right thing! Innocent people were killed.
Barry is trying like hell to trash the place before he leaves.
Obama is the president & can do whatever he wants. You will never ever be President. How many times did you try? 
but but I thought republicans r all for transparency oh that's right not under trump considering he won't release his taxes
Poorest national security decision for you to support, aid and abet @realDonaldTrump for Pres. #scary
What would u say to Edward Snowden if he were on the stand telling all he knows about Russia and trump? Prepare
At least he cares for people which ur party damn sure does not. More shame on u than him.
No, Trump is a national security decision by voters.
properly house Manning. Forgive her b4 grabbing traitor . (2)
citizen trump is awful & I know how you despise Putin,who now thinks he had a loud voice in US.Will cost us more to  (1)
you're a poor choice by your constituents
your PEOTUS is mentally unstable.  WHERE ARE YOU ON THAT!!! Please give an answer!!
you are a joke
can't take YOU SERIOUSLY when you IGNORE #TREASON. INVESTIGATE NOW!
call it what you want @POTUS will bring  Assange home to testify against Trump get your questions ready for hearing
“Politicians are not born; they are excreted.” 
― Marcus Tullius Cicero
I'd spend less time criticizing Obama and focus on the real threat to your party and our nation, the matryoshka. 
Congress failing natl security by not requiring Trump to release taxes + not investigating Russian election tamper + p-gate
Poor national security decision is going forward with the inauguration on Friday. Pls get some perspective, sir.
That's rich, especially considering how YOUR party betrayed OUR national security with nary a pee...............p
lol! I thought y'all embraced @wikileaks? It's bad now cuz Obama did what yall be doing?
No it is not. Manning no longer has access to classified info.
Disagree, @LindseyGrahamSC. I don't excuse what Manning did, but how much time did Calley serve for murdering 20+ Vietnamese civies?
You should start reminding Assange that he promised to turn himself in
Maybe, but the greatest threat to national security at the moment is going to take over the job on Friday.
Really? How's the independent investigation on your treasonous, racist, rapist president going Senator? Oh yes, it isn't.
trump is a national security risk. Tend to that! #traitor
Obama Is a simbol of great presidents. Respect your god
Releasing a traitor, doesn't get worse.
POTUs will be gone Friday You will have you President that is a white man .,Who cares if we are now controlled by Russia
Republicans are a party of traitors! You pledge allegiance to Russia, not the USA.
That's OK, President Trump will fix our national security. #PutinPuppet
You are is a little #attack dog for any #democratic #President. Take us backward with #trump and let's #blowup our enemies.
Trump siding with Russia over our allies and Intel is a wise decision? You seem fine with this.
if left to you we be in more wars. That seems to be all you and McCain have on your minds. you think yours is better.
Yes like the Russians thru Trump have & r doing. DO NOT sit in judgment when u have so much dirt in ur house.Clean urs 1st
Not at all. I strongly disagree with you on this one.
While I understand outrage over commutation, where's @GOP outrage about Putin/Russian interference w/election?Inconsistent and disingenuous
thanks to you all we got trump & putin, now that's making bad decisions!!!
I pray your this tough on Trump and impeach him as soon as info comes out (if it supports it)
(3)?  That's not so bad.
And looking the other way as a Russian compromised president elect takes office is a good decision? Hypocrite!
but overall thanks for your concern. I'm just really concerned on Pence/trump still
I disagree. He didn't pardon her. Commutation more about improper care in prison than crime committed.
is that really worse than electing a #RussianAgent as president?
The hits keep coming
if you gave a shit about national security you would do something about president elect.
if anything If they don't hand over assange, then we will benefit. Also, if they do. It was a win win for us on the deal
Disagree. This was a good decision.
maybe president obama should of crab america by the pussy ....donald trump statement america is so dam blind
#hammer #obama before king #trump takes over. He is going to make everything better. Just can't wait. #wearescrewed.
I disagree. I think he looked @ actual harm caused vs. that initially feared, & decided sentence was 2 long 4 actual damage
(because we're far enough out from the offense now to have a better handle on its ultimate impact.)
Lick my balls.
