Great discussion w/ @LindseyGrahamSC re: healthcare delivery & research. MUSC is committed to leading health innovation now & into future. 
Did you discuss sexual perversion?
Universal Health Care or nothing.  Don't stand in the way of helping ALL Americans.
Americans want to know why you're covering for a Kremlin Puppet CLEARLY trying to EVADE Russian Sanctions Issue.  @GOP act like Leaders!
Thank you for your amazing break down of POTUS' golf game   Suck it Graham
Weinsteins fired! What about the sexual predator in the WH?
No golf today??? Oh yes, many pressing issues that you have overlooked while on ANOTHER vacation!!!

Hello Sir Trickle Down,doesn’t This Weinberg & p***grabber scandal make it evil for MEN to be playing with WOMEN’s healthcare & birth control w/excuse of morals & religion? @MaddowBlog @allinwithchris @AriMelber @amjoyshow @Lawrence @ASlavitt @mitchellreports
Photo caption: a bunch of privileged white men mansplain women’s healthcare.
I hope they set you straight on your outrageous theory that the ACA doesn't work needs to be repealed. Many people on ACA are treated there.
You make me sick, Lindsey.
Do real Work and help Puerto Rico. Reinstate the ban on the Jones Act.
Bleh....

If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
Be sure to pick up your spine sir. You left it in the locker room before playing gold with the nazi president.
Before or after #impeachment ?
Wish we could get some leadership out of the US Senate.
Thank you for the great distraction I'd what you meant

Here's my final video for today. Don't let anyone speak about the disaster in PR in the past tense. It's not over. They still need help. 1/2 
Did you learn about it on the GOLF COURSE?  Or maybe Fox and Friends with you new Bestie!
Sen Graham, thank you for giving time to this great leader of health innovation for children and adults. Save my child’s life w/ God’s grace
Cover all for less m
Sir, u r a joke.  Get on the right side of history and stop playing due diligence games.  He is unfit and you know it.

Graham should go back and play golf at The Loser's Cup in Bedminster. So disappointed in Graham!!!
@PresMUSC you don't get to talk about healthcare. You lost that privilege. Shame on you.
Go Caddie for your master. Did you clean his clubs and shoes after watching him? WEAK, VERY WEAK
I had so much hope with you.  But people have a way of disappointing you and you sir did it BIGLY .
Money that was the promise
LG...your idea for HC is right on.
Did they tell you about all the research showing how disastrous dismantling the ACA would be?
Invoke #25thAmendmentNow
Every day that Trump remains in office you endanger us and let us down.
After jumping on the praise the POTUS bandwagon, your credibility on everything else is zero...#PraiseThePotusClub
They are RELIEVED your fraudulent bill was voted down.
Did you talk about re authorizing  CHIP?
.fund CHIP 8 million kids think its important work for u to do @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump
It will be a challenge to have anyone listen to you, after that enjoyable round of golf with a wet potus the other day.
Yet you played golf while trump attacked your own party ....turncoat
Best golfer ever! He once got all 18 hole-in-ones when he was only 8yrs old!! Amazing! Trained body to never poo, meaning he's full of..it.
Phony
Graham you're a coward and for some unexplainable reason you're blinded by trumps BS&LIES! Grow a pair of balls, stand up to lying trump!!!!
Did you accomplish anything during your golf game with "The Moron" yesterday?
What new kick back are you trying to get as you sell out S. Carolina? Maybe N. Korea will feel like a challenge and aim for the East coast?
@LindseyGrahamSC you are a sell out.
You are acting strange lately, is someone blackmailing you?
What is happening with the Russian sanctions?  Why haven't they been enforced?
Are you sure you don't want to give us an update on DJT's golf game? It's embarrassing what you have become.
Two years ago plus why no amendment to ACA bill to cap premiums equal to OPM federal rates? 
Why?
You played golf with a traitor to America who acts like a child. I guess you're running for reelection.
You sold out to Racist @realDonaldTrump for a golf game as @SenBobCorker told truth to power. @WhiteHouse @SenateGOP @CNN @MSNBC @nytimes
When are you going to talk about Russian influence in the White House?
Why hasn't Trump signed the Russian sanction bill yet?
What about PR?
The healthcare field is one of constant change, and research can benefit so many. The government needs to continue funding wherever it can.
I hope the topic of resignation came up in your golf game.
While golfing yesterday, which was Donnies 70th time...you could of renewed childrens health care & taken care of Puerto Rico. Sad
You need a lot of making up with nation after your fun day yesterday with Drumph as nation suffers (hurricanes, floods, PR fiasco, Health c)
Donnie’s Liddle Lap Dog
Hi hypocrite!
No golf today?

Good. Because you said you had no idea what you were doing and yet wanted to pass that shitty bill. 

Lindsey, more lies from a man that finds it easy to tell lies. Donald is ruining the party forever. @realDonaldTrump @GOPChairwoman #MAGA
Yeah...this makes up for the executive order you and your buddy cooked up on the golf course.
Woops your out of your play pen you better get back in before your daddy runs you in the ground

Did he let you tickle his balls like Joe Lieberman does? #ComeOutLindseyGraham
RESIGN
Resign
Renounce Nutjob or share blame for the Trumpocalypse
Still ready to take away people's healthcare?
resign
