Nice job, the local economy really needs this one.
What a sell out you are.  Now this just shows all why you are on Trumps side.  Your nose is turning brown.  Be careful for what you wish for
Why not reach across the aisle now?
U lost my trust. you will sink with the ship.
literally ? when did he sign this ok on your project? btwn jan and now? hmmmmmm.
Nothing is "on track" under this criminal POTUS. #shame!
Trmp is ld mth yank who doesn't knw his ass frm a hole in grnd. Bn in the works for yrs to mk harbor deeper.
Shut up. Trump had nothing go do with it.
What exactly did Trump have to do with it?  Does he even know what it is?  It is good, but give credit to those that deserve it.
Thank you President Obama for supporting the funding years ago.
I think SC politicians can accept the accolades for the work they did for years on this.
#TRAITOR #TRUMPRUSSIA #RUSSIAGATE All of you are in bed with #Trump!
Why can you of all people not be a sellout?  There is no reason to mention trump in this tweet.
Keep sucking up. Trump had nothing to do with it.
Aaahhhh - now I understand why you are sucking up to him so much lately  - pork!!
Is that a question covered in the Trump budget?
Is this the perk that has you on board with Trump???
dead service men an women need any lip service u desecrate their memories enabling dt
You never tire of being trump's stooge. You know damn well this has nothing to do with trump. #stoptellinglies
That's why you GOP turn a blind eye to his BS,  GET YOUR OWN AGENDA COMPLETED.
Come on Graham. You know trump has nothing to do with that. Hell, he can't even pick out SC on a map.
Congress approved this project in 2016, signed by Obama. Surprised Trump didn't ditch this project as he's done with so many others!
Truly happy for Charleston--but NOT at expense of $3.7 T in "$2T FAKE BUDGET!
U r leaker
You mean "in spite of", don't you ?
You are a disgrace you just won't face the truth GOP so sick vote you out
How did you like the leader of your party's NATO performance today? Ready to do something?
Right because he had jack squat to do with it. That budget was 5 years ago.
He  didn't have a thing to do with jt. Don't be an idiot.
Oh do you really want to keep supporting him, sad.
Russia Hackers phone prank Lindsey Graham.
https://youtu.be/3LlSP9b_k-g 
Oh boy!!! Now SC citizens can drown in deeper waters!!!
LOL. I bet Trump doesn't even know what that project is. Holy crap, man.
Spoleto!
FIND YOURSELF IN A CONSTITUTIONAL CRISIS??? call: 1-800-TRUMPUTIN  @realDonaldTrump FREE consultation for the low low price of your soul!
TREASON, AIDING AND ABETTING A CRIMINAL, ACCEPTING BRIBES, PARTICIPATING IN A GOVERNMENTAL COUP BASED ON RADICAL RACISM.. @realDonaldTrump
New York get the Bloody Money, dirty cash, put your soul on the line For this life of crime, @jaredkushner @realDonaldTrump
Is that called pay off?
Well, as long as you can deflect from WealthCare bill, Budget Bad Math & Cruelty — by all means, yay Charleston!
So you continue to tow the line....so SAD
but you don't do anything to save people's lives? priorities @LindseyGrahamSC
Great! You get to dig a harbor while hungry kids are removed from food programs. Way to go!
You were very instrumental in getting the port deepened and funding.
We want Trumps taxes and answers about Russia.  After we know you can take away our health care, give our $ to the rich & invest in old jobs
It's amazing how every one pretend to show they care about America more then party. Then5 min later they kiss asstobthe idiot#shame on you
Senator Graham, stop trying to force feed your state to like that orange moron!!!! Nothing he does is worth that kind of praise!!!
What did you promise for this?
What about healthcare, taxes breaks for wealthy, Russia, stupid wall and the lists goes on...
Ah. So that's what you got for YOUR state for torpedoing ACA & willingly putting 20mil+ Americans at risk.
Majority only care about GETTING TRUTH TO INVESTIGATION!!!
How much of your soul did you have to sell? Assuming there's any left to sell...
Why are you crediting @realDonaldTrump? I smell obsequiousness.
I'm sure climate change will help you deepen the harbor free of charge.  And accelerating climate change is all DJT seems focused on.  :/
Putin must really like Charleston.
Get your tongue out of his asshole or you'll go down with the ship...
What about all those poor Carrier employees that Trump promised to help?
Maybe we should be thanking the Russians instead of Trump.  They probably have a hand in this.
I think our SC politicians can accept a large part of the Thanks for working on this project.
Been working on this since 2010.
So that's what you got for changing your tune
I understand that you think you have to support POTUS but remember the real reason you dedicate your career to public service
FLYNN TALKS to FBI SMOKE BECOMES FLAMES QUICKLY
When are you going to get tired of trying to prop up this incompetent, treasonous POTUS? #CorruptComplicitGOP
Ass kisser.
Terrible news for SC! Trump and his allies are being paid & extorted by Putin to destroy the USA. Never has US had traitors like these! 
Great news for your state, right! I guess 'earmarks' are back. With @EPAScottPruitt you could wait for climate change to flood it! Save $$$
Do you have a budget? You said we might have more Benghazis due to budget? Didn't think it was money but HRC that caused Benghazi.
I'm sure he had a lot to do with it. WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?
No No, Mr. Graham, you're going to lose your seat too. #NoRepublicanLeftBehind #TheResistance

What about MOX?... No good news there

With Saudi money? Shmm, guns to kill yemens in return for infrastructure here. Saudi owns us and u know it

Your time is up. We will remember those who put trump over the people and the country. #VoteThemOut #Resist #GOPCorruption #GOPCoverup
How? SC products are shipped worldwide. Trumpy pulled out of TPP and wants to scrap NAFTA. Please don't become a shill for this moron Pres.
Traitor
Knowing what you do & still touting him? Are there recordings of you like there are of @SpeakerRyan? Or kompromat? #impeach
You are a #traitor
Be sure and contract it out to someone from out of State.
preferably a Russian.
Good news indeed! Hard work by all involved will benefit the economy greatly.
yeah hes a real swell fellow. hired Sessions, page , manafort with russian ties. A real peach. Why dont we I.M.P.E.A.C.H?
Mr Graham you are a joke your corrupt an accomplice to the rape of our democracy! Your loyalty to money & money laundering a shame resign
Russia altered the election outcome Mr. Graham. Are you a Patriot or a partisan? What will you do about this https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/how-a-dubious-russian-document-influenced-the-fbis-handling-of-the-clinton-probe/2017/05/24/f375c07c-3a95-11e7-9e48-c4f199710b69_story.html?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.2ab106fd1b69 … @GOP
he doesn't care about #trumprussia. He will go down on trump's ship.

haha
#GMAFB
Wow never surprised at what Mr Graham says but I think you going into retirement anyway sad.
this is perfect.
As I kiss his ass...Trump has nothing to do with it, like the jobs leaving Indiana after the tax break..
Not only that what about Sessions not telling the truth. That's ok?
I am starting to think he does. His tough talk until now has just been talk. He doesn't care about #trumprussia
The Wall?
This is how he bought you off. Thanks for telling us so we don't have to look for the payoff. @maddow @lawrence @rosie
Trump has nothing to do with it stop lying
Is this why you schill so hard for a disgusting man who made fun of your record, questioned your sexuality, and gave your personal ph # out?
Has Trump paid to clean up that dilapidated building he owns in N Charleston yet?  Serious question.
Great. Rest of the country is falling apart under Trump
Great.  Why don't you issue a nice press release to the tens of thousands of your voters who will lose their healthcare coverage.
Great news the GOP are crooks!
He's #MAGA even with the deep state mission to undermine him. You've had your role in furthering the deep state effort. We don't trust you.
Only true if DT's budget passes--which YOU said was "already dead on arrival." How dizzy do you get from all of your spin @LindseyGrahamSC?
Why are you promoting a guy who will inevitably be impeached? Distance yourself.
So literally getting deeper under water under Trump?
Yep... 
Sounds about right...
You love that federal pork for yourself don’t you?

