Federalism a form of Govt has NOTHING to do with healthcare.U ppl R unqualified 2 speak

No it will not. You know it, @LindseyGrahamSC knows it, @gop knows it. GC will make healthcare unaffordable for millions.
Sure andI have bridge for sale
@hughhewitt you must read & understand the bill BEFORE you recommend it. This bill is much worse than the last 2 @GOP tried to jam through!
@hughhewitt I will pray that God reveals to you your wayward path you have chosen to take!
Liar
Idiots
Anything to pass legislation For TREASON TRUMP!
What do you consider poor?    This will wreck middle income families financially if even one is hospitalized.
Fixing healthcare takes putting us, we the people, before your party! Strengthen the #ACA!!!
Shame on all of you. I wish I could see how you explain this to reliant family members who have healthcare now because of Obamacare.
By killing them so they don't have to pay for healthcare?
This is such bull shit.  It will destroy healthcare for millions.  What is wrong with u Republicans?  Ur supposed to be helping Americans.
How??? 32 million losing insurance and the gutting of medicaid will cause thousands of deaths.
Ah, Hugh...professional liar.
Please explain how this will improve healthcare for the poor.
He can't. But if you just BELIEVE him you'll be fine. 
#no repeal shameful GOP
How?  How will this help the poor?  You are just creating chaos at the state level and destroying the exchanges hurts competition. Bad Plan
 you wear me out
Flat out lies.
@SenateMajLdr to discuss w/leadership team who will obstruct this time. He is acts like Democrats in sheep's clothing.
BS
In what alternate reality? The bill is an abomination. Millions will lose coverage. How is that a triumph?
This bill is not a triumph for the Poor! Or anyone with a pre-existing condition! #whatanightmare
The hell it will you liars.
Cassidy lied to Jimmy kimmells face about wanting all children to have healthcare. GOP is more important then people's lives. Vote him out!

#GreatReads: The staggering hypocrisy of Bill Cassidy and Lindsey Graham: http://bit.ly/2xkjGXg  @mattyglesias 
Oh the #GOPMediaMachine Whores cashing in. I hope there's a Heaven.  Cuz you won't be in it.
Hugh Hewitt another anti-vet health supporter.
#GrahamCassidy cuts #Medicaid. 1,750,000 veterans covered by Medicaid. A vote for #GrahamCassidy is a vote to take healthcare from veterans.
This bill is neither "repeal" nor "repeal & replace". It's kicking Obamacare to the states. I live in NYS so I'm doomed. Thanks for nothing.
Hugh Hewitt is a GOP lackey. You guys don't really give a shit about Americans. Stop acting like this is a good bill. It's ALL about Obama
I didn't know you "improve health care" by MAKING PEOPLE DIE.
How does it help the poor ?
Please explain, in detail, how this will benefit the poor.
In what world?  God is watching!
You should all buy insurance in the individual market you are proposing. This is a low blow to the American people.
Bullshit, people will die because of it.

Yet another bold lie.  You should be ashamed of this disastrous bill and your attempt to rush it through with minimal support.
You are a liar and a fraud  Mr. Hewitt.  Go work for Infowars and spew your lies there.
Why haven't the American people heard details of this bill? Yet another @GOP attempt to kill US?
Won't trust a word you say anymore after you appear on Breitbart, propaganda outlet & racist radio.Shame - thought you were better than that
Wow really
What a sad sick bunch of buttheads, trying so hard to screw the people.
As someone who works with seniors and persons with disabilities who rely on Medicaid this is not a good bill
The majority of ppl want the#ACA #Obamacare, Repaired. Why the disconnect? Integrity, where did yours go?
Guys if this bill hurts & doesn't help the#ACA #OBAMACARE which I hear it does "hurt it'  you will be in serious political peril. suicide!
If I get to pick my own doctor again, I can't see how that could hurt anything.   1000 a MO and no private doctors accept my card.  SAD
This bill is beneath you. Be better.
NEW: Senators near deal to stabilize ObamaCare http://hill.cm/Jd7yS1h  #TrumpCare #GrahamCassidy
HH adversarial stance to Trump went on tour to try prevent GOP nomination throw it to another against the will of the people he's no patriot
STOP THE LIES! People over party for crying out loud.
Enrollment for 2018 Affordable Care Act starts November 1 and ends December 15. If you need health care to survive enroll!
We heard that before, if it wasn't for the vigilance of the democrats we'll have millions of Americans without healthcare.the trust is gone
If the @GOP wants to see "fire & fury," another effort to repeal the ACA is a goop place to start. Hold onto your butts, ladies & gents.
Be honest Graham, you want to be hailed a hero with Trump is the only reason you are going after health care again.
if you are a rich MAN! Women  children born w disabilities ,middle\low income lose care
It's not terrorists we have to worry about killing innocent Americans, it's you! Taking healthcare from vulnerable will murder thousands!
So are you going to explain it to us all so that we can agree?  Or are you going to pass it in the dark of night and blame on the Dems?
The states always pushing for States' rights haven't demonstrated an ability to govern- sick people, terrible roads/infrastructure, Third
World poverty.   I can't imagine how much worse the South could get without oversight from the Federal government.  This is criminal.
Expand Medicaid in all states and stop the sabotage of the ACA.
Remember when DJT cut off health ins for his dead brother's critically ill infant grandson? Yep. I do to. #realnews
Remember that @LindseyGrahamSC was one of the guys who tried to sneakily screw you  over on healthcare when you  go to vote again.


Hugh Hewitt, my bullshit radar works fine & this is bullshit. ACA saved my daughter's life...literally. Jesus weeps.
Those white evangelicals aren't true Christians.  They're secular conservatives.
If by federalism you mean allowing states to mess up healthcare. Some triumph.
Screw federalism. It divides us.
So you will explain to my daughter with Crohn's Disease, who is recovering from a bowel resection that she won't have insurance anymore?
Whenever I think about Republicans being for good health the only thing that comes to mind is:Are they healthy enough for combat? #WarParty
"GOD WILL NEVER LET THIS HAPPEN. God will protect his People. You Senators don't get it. You don't work 4 your party, U work for the people
That's a load of crap and you very well know it! It's a big middle finger to America!
Graham/Cassidy/Heller/Johnson appears to allow states to let insurers charge you more $$$ if your child was born with a birth defect.
Lol please.
Stop the lies!  Help the people and not your pocketbook!  For shame!
Big patriots. Russians infiltrating the government, y'all still fighting Obama.
How?
ummmm....NO
Terrible plan. For shame.
I say Hell no!
Totally wrong and by characterizing this egregious Graham Cassidy bill as a boon for Federalism you further erode it. @RandPaul @gop @cnn

Not true. You should be dealing with the psychopath you brought into the WH instead of continuing to terrorize hard working Americans.
dude, read pre-existing conditions list & premium markup, then repeat this with a straight face!
Liar
Yup, you guys all gather and conspire against us.We will do our part and vote out you welfare http://recipients.You  are living on our dime
It will screw the poor, the disabled & the folks with pre existing conditions.It's a travesty &Lindsey you should be ashamed.
LOLOLOLOLOLOL LOLOLOLOLOLOL LOLOLOLOLOLOL LOLOLOLOLOLOL LOLOLOLOLOLOL LOLOLOLOLOLOL LOLOLOLOLOLOL LOLOLOLOLOLOL 

Grow the fuck up.
Agree 100% States know their needs best and believe me Governors etc will be held more accountable to deliver quality care to their citizens
Liar.
Here's hoping this fails as miserably as the first 2. And hoping John gets to give it a big thumbs down as well.
How can you possibly say that?  I've seen nothing to protect poor, elderly or those with pre-existing conditions from a state's discretion.
Only helps out the insurance companies and you know it Lindsey
Tax credits for health insurance don't help people living paycheck to paycheck. Do you not understand the life of an average American? #ACA
@LeslieLee327 @hughhewitt @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy T "Tax Credits" are a scam & a swindel...
Huh!? Federalism places authority w Central gov. So called 'health care bill' places authority w States (rich people of)! Total nonsense! 
There was a time I had respect fo r you.
Wow, Trumps bots can only manage 33 likes #sad
As long as you don't have a pre-existing condition. Ammiright?  . This is a lie. STOP LYING.
How does the @GOP look at themselves in the mirror everyday & like what they see.
Well if the poor are dead from their pre-existing conditions I guess this better. From a certain point of view.



No. What will you say to your loved who gets sick and doesn't have insurance because of you?
@LindseyGrahamSC you've lost your mind along with the rest of the Nazi party! Have you not noticed that Americans are well versed on your 
Trying one last time to take healthcare away from millions and out more money in your pocket!
Bill shit!
Prepare for the "Mother of all fights" Save the ACA!
Wealthcare for GOP.  #Deathcare for 30 million Americans
It's a turd with lipstick
Incorrect
#Trumpcare #Wealthcare for GOP.   #Deathcare for 30 million Americans
I think you just may be mistaken.
Improve for poor to you guys means "poor will die"
Hugh you are lying. Lying. Lying.
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
HOW does this help the poor?? Have you read the CBO score? .....or the bill?
This is what the bill will really do!
Good info very telling and informative.
What happens to Xiomara and her parents?

Tell us how she will continue to get the lifesaving care she must have?

 
Is it as good as what senators get? No, it will see many millions lose their care!! Wake up tell the truth! !

Let's see the scoring before u celebrate. At least 20m loose healthcare and worse states loose $ for Medicaid
There are so many things wrong with #GrahamCassidy, it’s hard to fit them all into one graphic. (via @aslavitt)
Shame on you and may God forgive you for this unconscionable act #GrahamCassidy
Why do you want to kill me?  I'm asking as your constituent.
2020
-hahahahahahaha....what?  Oh you were being serious?  Than,hell no...that's a lie

What‘s Cassidy-Graham do to Medicaid?

Hacks $300 billion/yr in benefits to kids, the elderly, & disabled Americans. https://www.cbpp.org/blog/cassidy-grahams-waiver-authority-would-gut-protections-for-people-with-pre-existing-conditions … 

The last-ditch GOP Senate ACA repeal bill would let state’s gut protections for people with pre-existing conditions. https://www.cbpp.org/blog/cassidy-grahams-waiver-authority-would-gut-protections-for-people-with-pre-existing-conditions … 
All three of you are good examples of why our country is fading. Keep making the rich richer and shrinking the middle class to keep power.
Bullshit it will it will screw Americans
Unless and until it is a bipartisan bill having gone through committee review and debate we should all be very wary
Not the answer. NO!
Lies. It will hurt millions of Americans. It's worse then the previous TrumpCare one and you know it.
Stop. Lying.
By triumph do you mean the death of my son and the children of 10000s more Hugh? Is that what you mean ? Or is it just about money?
@RoyBlunt Vote no! We need a bipartisan solution to restore trust and faith in congress.
No it won't
It will not be the last time.@GOP
will never give up on HUGE tax
cuts for the mega-rich. It's what they get paid to do. $$$$$$
      #evil
You are destroying the health care that protects me and my grandchildren. Stop the lies! You can and will be voted out. Navy mom
it eliminates protection for preexisting conditions!! What are you talking about??

Puzzled as to how removal of healthcare for some poor people improves their care.
Don't you get it The Republicans have been scamming us for a long long time Their ProLife platform was a con just for Christian belt votes
Why should economic losers get better healthcare? Darwinism means we cull the herd right? Like preferring uncaptured heroes.
Don't you get it The Republicans have been scamming us for a long long time Their ProLife platform was a con just for Christian belt votes
Now THIS is fake news!!! This bill will take healthcare away from SO many! Shame on you, Cassidy & Graham!
OMG, why the hell are you on MSNBC?
This sure doesn't seem like regular order.

Bullshit. It will strip all protections from people with pre-existing conditions - like my kid. Be honest. All of you.
32 million...
All of you have 1st class seats on the #TrumpTrain. You are headed for a very bumpy ride with a possibility of the train jumping the tracks.
A complete lie. You Repugs are the worst.
Bull
Liar. Utter liar. Tres amigo liars.
You're serious? Read and watch how thousands won't have HC
How is this going to help the poor if millions and millions lose their health care?  Please respond, because I really don't understand.
Don't you get it The Republicans have been scamming us for a long long time Their ProLife platform was a con just for Christian belt votes
Not sure who you're asking...I was asking @hughhewitt to explain his falsehood.
Feeling very frustrated right now sorrynif I misinterpreted
No prob.  I'm so outraged tonight, I can't think straight!
Bullshit. It will murder people.
haahhahaha
That's not true!
   on 
I thought you guys might be responsible legislators. I guess I was wrong.
Don't you get it The Republicans have been scamming us for a long long time Their ProLife platform was a con just for Christian belt votes
What is wrong with you?
Stop lying. This bill is worse than that Damn skinny bill!!
And it's telling he judges that "better" right?
It does nothing for anyone. If you have ever given birth or had acne... It's a pre-existing condition.
Congress is mean.
No it won't. It kicks 32 million people off of insurance. How is that better for the people?  It is worse then the last plan from Mcconnell
