Good luck, seems fishy that Mueller has top Dem only Attorneys. Why ignoring you on giving facts? Illegal surveillance,must be investigated
FBI is corrupt now. After Comey. McCabe dealings. Not sure Americans can handle any outcome.Sad part! Obama/Clinton law vs not same for ppl.
They can't be trusted!!!!!
Jesus Christ , HELP US. Y'all KNOW trump is freaking CRAZY. 4 the love of god, HELP US!!!!!
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5956c9bfe4b02734df326cfb/amp …
Why aren't you looking into preventing a repeat of the Russian meddling? Do you think we don't notice? Putin is not a Republican.
What's the matter guys? Afraid that you may be caught up in the #TrumpRussia investigation? You might be kompromat also!
Because they want to help Trump! The entire GOP congress is to blame for putting Trump before country! Sad!

If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
and the people want the truth, let Mueller do his job. "We the people" dont know who we can trust in the GOP these days...
Yeah, Lindsey seemed quite overly worried about what his unmasked conversations might contain. Sure didn't make him look innocent.
#25thAmendmentNow
Massive oversight. 

Rep POTUS promoting harm to media to stifle critics.  Hugo Chavez actor and Reps own it. Bye bye Rep party.
These two are just dying to blame Pres O for ANTHING! The Rs got house,senate,man-baby at the top,they'll do anything to keep it.
Look into this as well:
The Trump family’s endless conflicts of interest. Chapter and Verse http://bit.ly/2siV784  
2 political hacks want a witch hunt that is proven false. Guess what 17 intell agencies didn't agree. No gov agency inspected dnc servers
So you can turn info over to Trump/Russia? Does anyone in GOP actually care about this country? No
Now you want to do something because you were spied on too? Now it matters? You are a loser and the American people are done so r u in 2018
If folks haven't read letter, they don't understand it was bipartisan.
You're complicit
You gotta be kidding, trump is going to be ALONE with putin? DO SOMETHNG!!!!
Why? Did @ChuckGrassley and @LindseyGrahamSC collude with the Russians as well?
They all knew what was going on. Why do you think McConnell pulled a fast one with the SCOTUS nomination? Because he knew election outcome.

Russia Russia Russia! What about Comey, Clinton, Lynch and so on? Are the Republicans going to just let them off the hook?
Our Nation&Allies know who is Hacking It is time to show Putin thedoor.
A Real POtUS would Unite our allies with a common Purpose to Stop it
Behold the monster neocons created.
US citizens will rightly wonder if the Republican Party lacks the principles & moral courage to protect their voting system. #RussiaHacking
They gambled. They did not know what a fool he would turn out to be. He endangers them now, too.
Why?
“To the career men and women at DOJ/FBI: you know what the job entails and how to do it. Be strong and unafraid. Duty. Honor. Country.” -EH
Why now Mr Graham? Where were you for 8 long years while Obama dismantled our country, our economy and our very lives. WHERE WERE YOU??????
You notice collapsing banks, auto makers, housing market & massive job lost in almost greatest recession ever in 2008 + 175k troops abroad ?

RussiansHackingNuclear PowerPlants  OurPeople are in danger. We need to Stop Putin.We are at War Rome is Burning and Congress does nothing
POTUSChoked todayHeFailed to show strength/determination in Protecting the Homeland.PutinwantsProof? Areal POTUS wouldnot accept a denial
Why? That would destroy effectiveness of FBI. Another attempt to derail Russian Inveztigation. Who's that stupid?
Putins going to say to trump , "o, u look lovely my dear" & then trump is going to give him the keys to the front door to the whitehouse!
Lindsay needs to shut up. He doesn't know who side he's on.
SO TRUE
Hey, Former FBI Director Mueller:  WHERE are the 80+ Surveillance cameras that were CONFISCATED by you from the Pentagon area on 9/11 ??????
for partisan politics and don't do it for someone like Trump. Mueller will get to the bottom of this,Let Him finish with no interference
find out who was involved and how far it went. So please just stop the act the American people are not all stupid. Don't ruin your integrity
American knows why Rice had Flynn's name unmasked. RUSSIA was hacking our election and had someone helping them (Flynn) it was HER JOB to
NO problem with our conversations being recorded (Bush wire tap) You know how 702 works and how careful the NSA is when using it. #3 EVERY
the investigation to continue. WE want Answers. #2 WHY are you so concerned about your conversation being picked up? Since 2004 you have had
Why are you trying to stop the investigation? You just said in a hearing that "people deserve answers to their questions" We the People WANT
STOP INTERFERING IN AN ONGOING SPECIAL INVESTIGATION! TRUMP FIRED COMEY TO STOP IT & NOW YOU WANT TO TAKE A SHOT! SICK OF THIS! WANT TRUTH.
WHY are you joining in to obstruct now? You're helping an extremely unpopular president keep the American people from getting answers! Stop!
Let Mueller & his team do their job unobstructed! The American people WANT ANSWERS. Whichever way this turns out, we want NO INTERFERENCE!
Graham & Grassley are doing their best to suggest that FBI didn't hava a case for collusion.  It's bad enough to have Trump discredit FBI. 
You said Trump would destroy us. Why are you protecting the traitor now?
Laughing my Ossoff, remember him? Fake polls said he was going to win too, fake Russia theory ROF
Ask for this #Impeachment
To protect party over country.
Why, Senators? To investigate? Or to cover-up & protect Trump & party? You've attacked regular citizens for so long, it's hard to trust you.
I really hope you two are not trying to obstruct
Really? I know you are all old and think this won't affect you but I am sure you have grandkids, with them in mind, get rid of Trump
You can't be serious and have sold America to Russia?
Go get 'em!  Get to the bottom of it Sen. Grassley & Sen. Graham.
And, Grassley, you're never sane, so this letter fits you to a T
This is NOTHING to be proud of, the FBI are doing their jobs, and protecting our Nation. You are trying to turn the public heads
Why are you trying to obstruct the Trump investigations?  Thought you were good, principled Rs.  This is so disappointing. WHY??  THINK!!!
You're both disgusting, Russia serving traitors. You don't deserve to be called American.
Of course they do: looking for their names.
Wow.  COMPLICIT?  Because this sure makes you look so.  Destruction of the GOP happening as we speak.
Why are you trying to discredit the FBI !
You 2 are supporting not just a corrupt POTUS, but a private citizen who led a life of criminal behavior in business. You should know better
Why are you 2 trying so hard to stop the FBI investigation? Is there NO GOP senator looking out for U.S.?  You just going to fire people?
Look Lindsey, we all know you're gay. It's no big deal. If *someone* is holding that over you to make you do his bidding, just be brave.
Seriously, it's not worth selling your country out over. Even if there's video, we can deal with that.
* Unless it's with Mitch McConnell.  That's just nasty.
No- that's a flipping nightmare.
I would think if you are worried, they have you on tape. Hide behind politics all you want, try to do away with Mueller. #federalpenbound
So your being black mailed by Trump and the National Enquirer so your going to cover up for him
By personal I mean - Did you do something and want it kept under wraps?
Thank you for retweeting this story about your treasonous actions, Miss Graham. So we can assume you are caught in this scandal as well?
I hear you want to fire McCabe.  What are you two hiding?  Is this party over country?  Or..is it personal?
Tell me how many Investiigations would you have on @HillaryClinton If she were president  and blackmailing journalists ?
Good maybe we can charge them with obstruction and conspiracy as well. Keep it up boys we will get to all of you eventually
How can we have confidence in Congress when you try to sway an independent investigation? Shame!
i font think LG will be a politician much longer with his attitude towards trump
Make no mistake, Grassley and Graham will go down with Trump if they dare try to obstruct justice. @MalcolmNance @FBI
Hopefully they are not trying to protect @potus at the expense of the USA.
Really? Retweeting this Graham?
You're PROUD of who you're protecting & your & Grassley's obstruction?
Also, vote to slow Russian sanctions?
if they are not careful both @SenSchumer and @LindseyGrahamSC  could also be cited for obstruction of jusice
They r undermining the investigation on the attack on this nation to cover up for Trump. Why is Lindsay proud of this traitorous behavior?
let this investigation run its rightful course
and you as news media need to cover this
they American People need to know what they are up to and trying to do!
the FBI investigation as per @maddow these senators have no bushiness asking for these documents
please be aware that @LindseyGrahamSC and @ChuckGrassley are asking for these documents with the soul purpose of discrediting
Have you thought how American and World History is going to view you?  Have you no decency?  Trump Campaign colluded. Do the correct thing.
You have a duty to tell us why Mr. Graham or at least tgat you don't want to shut Mueller's investigation down.
Chuck/Lindsey:  Can you spell obstruction of justice? Consider doing the right thing for a change.
This is what is wrong with politics. Our democracy is at stake.
Quit covering for this traitor you hypocrites. History will remember your cowardice and treason
Trying to block and sabotage our right to an investigation into actions of Trump ? why. Aren't you both there to protect the USconstitution?

You said it!
Back off, Graham! The American people deserve and demand to know the truth about the Russian involvement in our election!
Damn @LindseyGrahamSC I used to like you - disappointed to see this.  I thought you were one of the few with country before party.  Sad day
Nice try but no cigar
YOU & @LindseyGraham KNOW #FlynnFlippedFirst 

Patriots Can't wait for first #Traitors #Arrests
First make deals get the best deals
#Kushner's #Flynn's #Sessions lies & omissions on SF86 of over 20 mtgs with the Russians = tip #TrumpRussia ICEBURG
#ObstructionOfJustice
#Kushner's omission of a $296M loan is just the tip of the #TrumpRussia ICEBURG
#ObstructionOfJustice
#TrumpRussia Investigated because we have Russian Spies in our White House & the @GOP is Complicit & #Grassley #Graham Obstructing Justice
ABSOLUTELY
Your Letter & veiled Attacks on the @FBI McCabe & #TrumpRussia Investigations show USA the TRUTH

@GOP #TRAITORS put PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY
Senator @ChuchGrassley @LindseyGrahamSC
How Much Illegal Russian $$ did you take in Campaign Contributions ?
#USIC knows BOTH ARE COMPLICIT

We see u & what you're doing! We r following this closely & if u r trying derail this investigation, you will hear from the American people!
Two traitors trying to protect traitor Trump by attacking the FBI. Disgusting, shameful, despicable, devious, and insidious bastards.
-again- and next respected chief of agency. that was shook- and has the goodies. and great inter-agency connections.. It's on you, Messrs!
Why?  Are you trying to obstruct now? It is just insanity...if GOP does not think that Trump & his campaign did nothing wrong, why obstruct?
Are you trying to undermine the FBI? Let them do their job and wait for results. You still have Pence as a backup
Deplorable! The FBI is NOT the problem! @realDonaldTrump is and he shouldn't be near the nuclear codes!! Much less in the @WhiteHouse 
Why attack @FBI and Badass Bob Muller? Are @GOPLeader's like Kevin McCarthy guilty with Trump? #Russiagate #Treason #Collusion #Obstruction
These are GOP operatives putting party above country. Dangerous partisanship risks our democracy. They will be painted as traitors. One day!
This is not progress, you and Grassley should be investigated for obstruction. The Russians messed with election and this is important? 
If there's nothing to the Russia issue, why are so many Republicans trying to put a stop to the investigation? 
This is what I get for thinking either of u weren't all about party over country. Leopards clearly never  change spots
'Thought you were a patriot!  I was wrong.
what's wrong with you?!  Why try to tarnish the rep of the FBI?? Get to the bottom of this investigation! Let it play out!
Why are you traitors trying to discredit the FBI investigation? Party before country? Like Dan Rather said - cowardice and hypocrisy
The saddest thing is the security of the US is compromised for Party. Wait until the Russian's go after Republicans. They'll be up in arms!
WATERGATE 101!  Trying to discredit FBI and Muller by tearing apart FBI case!
Lay off the FBI. You have work to do and so do they. FBI investigations need time.
How dare you undermine Mueller's investigation?! We deserve the TRUTH.  Mueller must be getting close to proving DJT's criminal activities
Are they both guilty of talking to Kislyak about shit they are not supposed to ?
Stop obstructing, just stop
Yes, because they want to be 100% certain that Trump is held accountable. LOL LOL
This is concerning @ChuckGrassley and @LindseyGrahamSC. Is your intention to eviscerate investigations? Country over politics PLEASE.
ATTENTION MR. GRAHAM, THE COLD WAR IS OVER. STOP WARMONGERING WITH UNCLE JOHN!
@FBI Hope this isn't an attempt to discredit R intelligence community & impede t/RU investigation?
Sir, now you may be really getting some where.  Put some meat in punishment if unmasking records are not recvd pronto.
Sen. Graham,  grassley has squandered his credibility being a hack for Trump. Don't you do it, too. Patriots are watching you!
Who you gonna fuck with now @LindseyGrahamSC?
New: GOP operative sought Clinton emails from Russian hackers, implied he was working with Mike Flynn. https://www.wsj.com/articles/gop-operative-sought-clinton-emails-from-hackers-implied-a-connection-to-flynn-1498770851 …
Do you care ANYTHING about our Democracy? How much money have u received from Russia
This better not be an attempt to impede the investigation. If you just want to know, work with Mueller, not against him.
I know you all were desperate trying to keep a hold on the Hill but look what you did, you never should have supported this nightmare!
It's time to remove this obviously unfit unqualified undignified person from the Presidency. If the GOP has a grain of integrity left do it!
The @GOP must have been ordered by Russia to have Putin's lapdog @realDonaldTrump take the info to their G20 meeting. #GiveOvertoPutinparty
Why are you asking for this during the investigation? The people of the USA deserve an objective look at what happened. Do not hamper it.
WHY dont you became a DEMOCRATE ? YOUR THE SWAP...
#obstruction
NIce try to undermine the investigation.  LET THE FBI do its job without trumps army meddling.  We see what you are doing.
The last honest man that has retained his seat.i love me some Lindsey Graham i wanted him 2 b POTUS i love Donald Trump he needs Graham.
#TermLimits
If you want 2 get 2 the bottom of things as you claim, why are you blocking the release of Trump's tax return. Why not press Deutsche bank.
You know that FISA applications are detailed & thorough. Your not a judge. It's not your job to review or politicize the merits. Stand down
What did @realDonaldTrump promise you for undermining the investigations @LindseyGrahamSC? What was the price of your soul?
DO YOUR JOB!!!!
Why?
Why? Tell us.
Senators, what was your price tag for thwarting justice on behalf of Trump?  For Shame. #CountryOverParty
Thank U 4 standing up 4 what is right & not just protecting your party's president. He's vile & we're in trouble as long as Rs protect him!
Are you trying to get mueller to stop?
#Congress is trying to stop #Russian probe! @LindseyGrahamSC @ChuckGrassley, democracy requires we get to the bottom NOT hide!
Let Mueller do his job. Another attempt to draw attention from Congress trying to kill 22 million Americans & seriously endanger Medicare.
I am starting to think that Republicans are closet communists and cant wait to Russia interferes with next election so they can maintain maj
Cause they are afraid they are in it they all know the gig is up and they are desperate to find out who they have colluding on tape LOL
Yeah do you job as a community member and quit worrying about what the @POTUS has to say about two washed up Public Adulterers! #weirdo
Make sure to get @BarackObama  in the queue for subpoenas. Documents for a library? Really? Another slimy lawyer ploy w your blessings.
It this your attempt at discrediting the broadening investigation? Going after a vital intelligence gathering program? Shame.
@LindseyGrahamSC  your never going to catch that laser pointer  #fairweatherdouch
FBI is the corrupt one! We need. NEW FBI director of high moral character!!!
INFESTATION.....?..... CORPORATE IMPLANTS INFESTING YOUR FAVORITE POLITICO PARTY....!...CALL  1-2020- @SenSanders @BernieSanders
I ALWAYS TELL THE TRUTH, EVEN WHEN I LIE...!... @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr
don't let LINDSEY GRAHAM FOOL YOU WITH HIS GD COP ROUTINE.HE IS ACTIVELY TRYING TO STOP THE RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION WITH @ChuckGrassley
How does it feel when you are alone at night, gentlemen, to know every day you violate your oath to support and defend the Constitution?
Russia attacked us and the idiot in office isn't going to do squat about it. Now you want to interfere with the investigation? No.
All that talk about wanting to find out about Russia-just talk, huh. Don't you dare obstruct the investigation. Let it run it's course.
why would you pre-judge the FBI & CIA.Time to allow them to do their job.We were attacked by Russia.Whether you believe this or not.
It looks like you're trying to shut down Mueller investigation and the American people deserve to know why you're interfering. WE"RE PISSED
Trying to derail the investigation?
Well they need to state a legitimate reason; but there isn't one. Hope they don't get them.
Must have been what DJT discussed in their meeting OR that they owe him, for something?   Just muddying up the waters.  JUST SAY NO TO THIS
Start a GOP revolution against this presidents media bashing!! Say NO until this harmful behavior stops!! STAND UP!!
