@LindseyGrahamSC And I'm sure it'll be "troubling" huh?
Might even cross into "troubling and disturbing"
Deeply
Oh dang now we are getting somewhere "deeply disturbing and troubling" watch out now!
OHHHH DAMN HE SAID "DEEPLY"
HA!
Where is the health care bill? Where is the budget?  Quit ordering our President around.  You are too deep in the swamp!
There IS no healthcare bill and no budget.  @ ”deep in swamp". Where do you think @realDonaldTrump  resides, the desert?
I get it. you are a dem etched in stone.  Nothing Trump does or tries to do will ever please you. End of conversation
'Graham's' so desperate for relevancy he continues to take pot shots at the President and suck-up to Dickerson. He's not our conservative.
Because a real conservative never questions authority right?
Sure thing snowflake, like Loretta Lynch browbeating Comey is a "matter" of how freedom works ?
ur kidding right? I am still waiting for you to present the evidence of what the "interference" was. You still have proved nothing
Pres.Trump is not going anywhere. He's going to be our great president for 8 years. But you Graham are going to be voted out of office.
Stop trying2push this off on just #Russia U do a good job at that.If Americans were involved in under minding our #Democracy they need2pay2
@LindseyGrahamSC cmon man...you don't have the stones to protect our country from a foreign power. Prove me wrong.
Lindsey you are just jealous that President Trump won and not your pals McCain or Hillary.  Oh does baby Lindsey want his bottle 
I think sanctions weakens this country and undermines the president
#tuesdaythought A lot of people have stopped giving money to the GOP because of you and your loser buddy McCain. #GOPe
The #American people  President Trump. Polls have been lying about #TRUMP since day 1. His popularity is well over 50%. Just listen...
Not heard one word from you about this. Why is #Congress not passing a law to stop promoting assassination of any President?
Before you threaten our president WE WANT HEARING ON LYNCH RICE OBAMA CLINTON. RIGHT NOW THATS MORE IMPORTANT! THAT IS NATIONAL SECURTY
Hmmmmmmm! Dont hold breath.....#TrumpRussiaTreason
So now you're telling POTUS Trump what to do or else? 
Show physical evidence of Russian involvement that is definitely not CIA tainted.
Lindsey if President Trump vetoes this bill it doesn't undetermine democracy.  That is the dumbest statement of all time on this issue
What is Russian proof ?
I don't hear much a about Iranian sanctions
So negative! Can you possibly support POTUS and work on his agenda to help make America Great Again!
Or his oath
If anyone knows how to undermine leadership it's @LindseyGrahamSC.This guy is a hysterical joke, with zero credibility or and ounce of truth
Graham, Ryan and McConnell should be busy screaming bloody murder over Russia Scam, COMEY leaks etc to defend Trump right now. Shut DNC UP!
Why did EVERY Trump minion coordinate their lies about secret Russian meetings.  Sessions was willing to commit perjury.  Did you take $$$$
Everyone in DC have had meetings w Russian Ambassor.Even Govt contractors.Why isn't US prosecuted for interfering in other countries Govt's?
How effective is sanctions when your allies are trading with Russia ? France and Germany increased trade, yet we are protecting Europe
Why? I didn't hear ANYONE complain when Obama used tax payer money in the Israel elections. This is put of hand. Swamp running the country
punish yourself! hands off Russia!
Thank you, Senator Graham!
Lindsay it's time to start doing the job we are paying you to go!  Get behind potus NOW! You act more like a lib!  I am from SC no vote4U
The #American people  President Trump. Polls have been lying about #TRUMP since day 1. His popularity is well over 50%. Just listen....
How do know who to keep out... Develop a super secret handshake?
Where is the investigation into your BFF John McCain? Obviously Putin likes him. And he was a songbird in Vietnam..
Where is the investigation into your BFF John McCain? Obviously Putin likes him. And he was a songbird in Vietnam.
U said "simply let ACA collapse then force Dems to be part of coalition to rebuild." How when GOP women Senators excluded from secret group.
@LindseyGrahamSC I would only vote for you if you keep your oath under this false @POTUS to keep it real! Don't fight or obstruct! Stay real
@LindseyGrahamSC you r the only R senator I like. Please do not be foolish about @realDonaldTrump you seem very real I would honestly vote u
Will you get off the Russians and investigate this /SethRich murder, the DNC worker who REALLY leaked the podesta emails to WikiLeaks.
Sounds like intimidating...just like Comey using dossier things...
Don't ever sign a bill that Bannon hasn't seen.
Mr. Graham,  Who gave you the right to punish any state or country?
I DIED,have YOU??Don't get insurance & taxes done and Republican party dies.I saw the election and this will also happen!
The GOP isn't democratic in any way.  Any bill proposed is a bad one and shouldn't be allowed to pass.  Open your eyes Graham.
Lindsey- Why did 45 omit article 5 from his Nato speech? When Trump did that, Russia's goal/dream was realized. It's right in your face.
Daddy, Russia isn't being nice to me so I am taking my football home. They aren't loyal to me daddy. Wah wah wah
@LindseyGrahamSC He won't do crap about it tho.
And about Healthcare, you need to say NO to the new bill!
I think the other countries that Obama tried to influence their elections should place sanctions against the US.
Russia, Russia, Russia! Stop freaking crying over Russia.
I hope he doesn't sign it. It's BS.
I think this is ridiculous! US has interfered in 45 country election. Obama interfered in Israel's election using taxpayers money.
Get off the Russian BS.
Little war monger Lindsey G. needs to dawn a helmet and combat boots when wishing for ww3 with Russia
  Not sure if the have size coward
Смешно :) Какие же вы убогие, видно тебя Грэм в школе мало били.
Speak English weirdo.
мне и на русском неплохо, милая
I'm guessing this is just another load of "covfefe" coming from the complicit GOP.
Don't worry about it egghead
It's sad that such stupid people are leading America. The country-aggressor accuses the Russians. Paradox!
I'd suggest Graham reacquaint himself with how Constitution works and maybe check his ego. I'm certain that mob rule doesn't exist here.
How many trolls ,what are the trolls name where is the cash flow . Which out that you don't have a cash
You don't have a case
I still waiting what articles were fake ,how many reviewed it ,who determined it was fake, i don't see how Russia helped trump
What exactly have Russia done ? Ps comey lied to congress 7 times
I don't agree!
(2/2) And will it be "PASSED" or introduced? And wht blindside the potus on a TV show with " If you dont sign..."  That was unprofessional.
(1/2) With all due respect, I dont appreciate any Senator announcing to Russia what legislature will be initiated NEXT WEEK. Covert much?
Are you Democrat ?You are part of the liberals and establishment status quo. Remember that Senate and house just have 11 % approval
Hard to comprehend why GOP doesn't see Trump is OCD and pathologically lying history
@LindsayGrahamSC You do things like this which give me hope for the GOP and then you mindlessly spew half truths to deflect attn fr Trump/Ru
I hope you are right. This bill will show a lot about Trumps loyalty to US vs. Russia. You disappointed me though, you are caving in.
We need more Evidence the Russians tried to influence our election. We've all been Hacked by Criminals in Russia. Our intelligence FAILED!
He already has.

I miss the old SenGraham :(
How many good public servants are going to get smeared while your party stands by cowardly.Sally Yates.Jim Comey. Multiple years of service
The only people undermining democracy is the Senate with these phony hearings.
Windsey the progressive. With "republicans" like Windsey, who needs democraps?
IF we could truly drain the swamp you'd b 1 of the 1st to go.
Better over ride or u & gop in dustpan of history! U @SpeakerRyan on this ice, u will loose both houses as of now. #resistance is building
Very stupid to "punish" Russians without showing any evidence. We all know that those most hurt by sanctions are the poor & children. #VETO
Is there proof???
Proof is only in mathematics and logic.
Then it's slander!
Don't stop with Lynch subpoena "Slick Willie" Clinton and find out what he promised Loretta not to prosecute Hillary..
@LindseyGrahamSC good luck with that. I don't think Putin will approve. #trumprussia #impeach45
This is not a good idea congressman. I think this might b one of things the prez could work out.putin wants to deal.he will make concessions
@LindseyGrahamSC Your constant defence of DJT confirms you put party over country. History will not treat you kindly.
Add the US to the defendants for interfering, even Moreso in the Israeli elections. Throw in others we interfered in for 70 years. #UrAJoke
You want to punish the Russians, cancel World Cup 2018
Double down
Be good to know exactly which bill you are talking about - Russia likes so much of what is going on now..... Need to do better @ info
Thank you Lindsey. It's a true test to see his loyalties... it is also a trap for him. He's screwed.
What a crock - if the Russians did it - they wouldn't leave a trail, unless it was leading to someone else - Consensus is not proof
Trump collusion and obstruction before any new legislation
And Mr Graham keeps losing South Carolina voters by the week!
If you're considered about #UnderminingDemocracy, Sen Graham, please speak out against #VoterSuppression & #Gerrymandering too. 
US expects Russian meddling because US meddles/ revises. Easily hacked "classified" HRC server by design--profitable treasonous enterprise.
He may not colluded with them in the election, but he is colluding with them in everything else. He is totally in your face with that fact!
What's wrong with that? It's nice to be colluding with a Christian nation.
He won't sign it Putin's his boss.
A corporatist shill insinuates that voters are stupid and tricked into voting for @realDonaldTrump by Putin, demands nuclear war roulette!
It's so obvious you are guilty of something senator. You totally switched from anti trump to redneck inbred overnight.
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed,& agree w/ Pres Trump,tale serious note,regarding Russian Propaganda,influence,election
Which Democratic pocket are you in Senator Graham?
Senator finally there's a Republican that makes common sense. I appreciate you telling like it is and how it should be. Run for President
@IngrahamAngle Very telling that MSM brings out its favorite Repub @LindseyGrahamSC when it needs more anti-Trump ammo.
Let him testify publicly.  If he is telling the truth there is nothing to lose. Stop protecting trump.
AMERICA WANTS TO SEE THE EVIDENCE! DID FBI INVESTIGATE DNC SERVER? WHERE IS THE TAXCUT BILL? REPEAL&REPLACE? TIME TO #MAGA
If the President vetoes it, additional actions to overriding the veto will be called for, and a patriotic Republican to lead the way.
Are we not going to talk abt assertion that Pres. Trump basically too stupid to collude? Note to GOP: Russia not too stupid to co-opt Trump.
You are wrong about #unstableTrump  He is Dangerous to America and continues to disrespect the office of the President 
Congress wants to punish Russia but Trump wants to give back their embassies! Duh.
@LindseyGrahamSC when are ye gonna punish yerselves for Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Somalia, Yemen, Egypt, Sudan, Ukraine & elsewhere?
PNAC Neocons & @SenJohnMcCain are the greatest threat to democracy at home & abroad, not (post-commie) Russia! #DrainTheSwamp
All Trump has 2 say is we want peace w/our enemies. The American people have had enough fighting. Seems Graham & McCain never hav enuf.
It's too late for you
Oh!
Will he or won't he
The decision will speak volumes
I'm sure Putin is cowering in his luxurious dacha.
Not enough.  Must look at Mercer and attack on truth.  AI, bots etc.  Who funded? Etc. not about leaks.  About weaponization of info
Senator Graham, you seem to be 1 of the few voices of reason remaining in our Senate. Thank u for your commitment 2 our democracy/freedom
And it will be very telling if Trump doesn't sign bill. Further evidence of his preference for Russia over America.
Further evidence? What evidence has been proven this far? LOL!
Evidence of preference? Well refusing to admit Russia interfered in the election despite the consensus of 17 AMERICAN intelligence agencies
Having the Russian ambassador and Foreign Minister in the Oval Office with only Russian media allowed.
His NatSec adviser contacting aforementioned ambassador with a view to lessening sanctions from aforementioned election interference.
Editing the GOP platform so it suddenly became anti-Ukrainian and pro-Russia.
His idiot son-in-law proposing a back-channel of communications to the Russian Embassy.
Appointing a Secretary of State who once received a medal of friendship from Putin.
It is about time Lindsey. Welcome to #TheResistance
Oh good. He will get to sign a real bill.
Showboating #LindseyGraham
Graham & McCain have been itching for a war w Russia since they came into office. Want it before they leave
Shame on you. Remember he knows more than the generals, put his lying Ass to testify or give him a lie detector test he won't pass. Pathetic
@LindseyGrahamSC is this product of your summit with Biden? We elected @realDonaldTrump to handle int'l diplomacy, not you! Pass tax bill!
Graham is a fence sitter. Likes the view and being seen as relevant, but is on both sides of most issues.

#Waffler
He also said , Trump has a Good Agenda for America?? Sorry Graham if you think that? You need to GO with him! His Agenda is #ScrewThePeople
Perfect
I hope this is true and the bill has real teeth... I am a Republican who did not vote  trump. I won't vote rep again.The party lost its soul
Trump is unqualified for presidency- GOP better come to terms with this instead of destroying democracy - get real man
Riiight. We need a career politician for president. Someone that is corrupt,lies,cheats,steals and has the media on their side.
Will it be deeply troubling and very concerning if Donnie does not?
This must happen. Ban Russia from SWIFT financial system.   Total embargo.    This must happen swiftly.
Graham took $800,000.00 for his PAC from Russia? He seems slow on the punish Russia train...
Lets hope he does! Russia is NOT our friend! Trump needs to realize this and acknowledge it!
They are not our friend because we've pushed the world's mightiest military alliance right up to their borders.
@billpostmus "Punish"the Russians for what?? I hear no evidence against Russia on anything that's being thrown at them.#proof
Punish Russia and leave ISIS to continue killing ppl Graham is a moron
There have already been a few of those tests. He keeps failing them
@ReaganBattalion congress can pass a bill regarding Russia but can't pass a tax bill.
Meanwhile @POTUS is giving back the summer houses and trying desperately to LIFT @POTUS44 sanctions. #manchuriancandidate
Waste of time how about passing health care and tax reform. Bills to actually help our country. Trump should veto this BS.
That quote is wrong.  Graham said if President doesn't sign the bill, he would be "betraying democracy."
Splitting hairs a bit.
Hey Graham, you didn't get the memo? We have a constitutional republic, not a democracy. You really should know that by now. Just sayin....
@LindseyGrahamSC = #LindseyGraham2020=#OneOfUS! #THEusERA >)
I'll believe it when I see it.
#WelcomeToTheUsEra=#theUSera #AllHumansOnPlanetEarth!

https://youtu.be/bHXrg4zcXfo 

#PictureUsBowing!

#AmericasFuture=#theUSeraPARTY2020=#usERA
#LoveIt... I agree! #GoGraham!! The #USera=#THEusERA >)
Graham is a moron for staying on Trump's shirttales
He can't help it, Trump keeps giving him pillow talks during his nightly calls.
Graham would know a lot about that.
