SCOTUS set a hearing on the administration's travel ban. Until then the executive order will largely go into effect. http://bit.ly/2s8Y4Mp 
Nope, @LindseyGraham: It's a Muslim travel ban.
But not Saudi Arabia? Home of 9/11 and who the US military abandoned, moving command to Qatar?
What prevented the US from looking during the last five months, exactly?
Hasn't the administration already had the 90 days they claim they needed to look into it? Why is the ban still needed?
The original ban would have expired by now, what would it have prevented? Have they not been addressing/fixing issues in the mean time?
In the 90+ days they've had since it was supposed to go into effect, have they figured out "what the hell is going on"? It's all bullshit.
I also see you chickened out on a "no" vote on healthcare. Cover your own ass, constituents be damned, huh Lindsey? You're pathetic & weak.
Security has disappeared in these counrties largely due to the Neocon driven wars in the Middle East.
Say it like it is....it's a Muslum ban!  Quit drinking the Trump kool-aid.
It most certainly is a Muslim ban, and very bad foreign policy. Our vetting is already stringent. This makes no sense except as racism.
What about the countries that have actual known terrorists, like Afghanistan and Saudi Arabia???
POTUS can restrict certain groups of people for coming here. They have no rights unless they get here.
But what of Saudi Arabia, where 9/11 terrorists came from? That kingdom should also be excluded with other majority Islam countries.
Wasn't that easier to say? Now will someone please stop Pres Trump from tweeting and talking.
Sorry, but the President of the United States has called it a Muslim ban. You saying it's not, doesn't change the fact that it is.
WH says it's not a Muslim ban; #Trump says it is. WH intel says there was Russian interference; #Trump won't admit there was. ???WTF???
Nice try.
How long does a second look take, it's been four months
Not too many religions going around advocating for the killing of infidels or anyone who won't conform...
It was supposed to be 90 day. That much time has passed, so now what is the excuse?
Why are countries where POTUS has business interests exempt?
We all know the Trump Mafia uses the presidency to make more money, especially considering Trump has a lot less money than he said he had.
It's a Muslim ban. Ah, "security has deteriorated." Is that how you get around Saudi Arabia? 9/11, remember that?
Non citizens in foreign countries don't have US rights!
He said over 10 times during & after his campaign that he would ban Muslims from this country & even asked Rudy Giuliani HOW TO WORD IT!!
None of the terrorists that flew planes into WTC, none were from those countries and almost all were from Saudi.  Where was Bin Laden from
Grow some balls Please.
& Saudi Arabia? u no, the place where the 9/11 martyrs came from?2 many "deals" w/THEM.They R rich,when did USA start locking out the needy
Then why does Potus call it a Muslim ban?
Trump specifically and publicly on Twitter called it a Muslim ban, you twit.
Mute point. Need the SCOTUS authorization to vet?

3-months passed 3-months ago.
Senator, has anyone talked to you @ how much our anti-immigrant policies are reducing college enrollments of full-paying foreign students
How about the impact on the tourism industry? Shameful lack of thought went into this policy. You're better than this Senator.
Missed one
What about Saudia Arabia? You are a blind Trump follower. Please try to think for youself.
Also 6 countries that have no wealth like the ones we sold weapons to. Double standard based on economics not security.
You aren't shooting straight with this and you know it.  you're putting  on a 
POTUS called it a Muslim ban.
@SenJohnMcCain facts we know after kislyak mtings Trumps man ex KGB changed the GOP platform How is this not enough 4 you n u know much more
Why are you parroting erroneous propaganda from the WH? You represent us, the people of SC, not Trump and his business interests.
How about a second look at the country where most of the 9/11 crew was from? Wait, DT does business there. Nevermind. As you were.
Why haven't they been doing the second look for 4 months.  Don't need a ban to do that.  It was suppose to be a security measure temporary.
This is weak.  He's had 6 months to review the current procedures, regardless of any ban.  The evaluation should already be complete.
You r starting to make me  start supporting POTUS stop hedging ur bets
A ban it us and a ban I want neither we pubs the those dimwits support you. Take a STAND
BS, and its well past the 90-day mark so it should be moot. The second look should have been done. Look, mom! No terrorists!
All where Trump doesn't do business and he's had more than 90 days to do this already .. .. racist.
@FoxNews @FoxNewsInsider because of ur dirty policies
@FoxNews @FoxNewsInsider another warmonger. Re u a radical trumpist???
Honestly, sir, I'd be more inclined to believe that if he had continued attempting something despite the setbacks of the "ban".
Why did Drumpf call it a ban then?
I am embarrassed to be represented by you
To be clear, Trump said he would ban all Muslims coming here. It is a ban that discriminates against a religion!
LOL it's not?
The West needs to stop putting Arabs first and Americans second when it comes to the safety of citizens. Whites first Others second NOW JD7
People are dying in those countries while we Americans live in luxury and peace. Have some compassion
Bullshit. More rigorous screening was already put in place by Obama in 2010 & w/o significant disruption to legal immigration.
First tried this in January- that was 6 months ago. Wasn't anyone giving a "second" look in all that time?
He literally said it was a Muslim ban.
That is not quite how Trump puts it at his campaign rallies.
Does this include the weapons we are providing to middle east terrorists?
@FoxNews Why haven't the Keystone Cops been working on a plan for past 5 mos if it's so important? Fake News hair on fire
Where do you stand on the healthcare bill? Our SC families and seniors need that support. Don't sign off on it. Humanity over politics pls!
Since 2005 More than 70
percent of terror acts within the US have come from home grown terrorists, not Muslims from abroad.
Has anybody from those six countries carried out an act of terrorism on American soil since Trump's promised Myslim-banning EO was signed?
*Muslim*
Senator, thank you for supporting our President Trump. Now let's focus on Tax Reform...
@FoxNews @FoxNewsInsider America supports religious freedom, just not for Muslims, because why not
You know that is untrue. Why say untrue stuff?
oh Lindsey, #whenwillyoustoplying? Do you live with your head up everyone's ass who will #furtheryourcareer #enrichyourbankaccount scoundrel
Belgium, France & U.K security has not deteriorated? If I am ISIS I recruit in Europe, their passports allow entry in USA with no vetting.
What exactly is wrong with the current Immigration controls on these countries that have seemingly been ignored?
It was created to supposedly buy time for new vetting procedures. Plenty of time has passed such that this ban shouldn't even be needed now
Are any of these countries where trump owns hotels?
What has been done in the five months since his EO? Come on, Senator, you know better than this! #MuslimBan
Oh pulleeze, instead of tweeting this nonsense, listen to your mailbox messages, so others can call you with a message!
Are Christians banned? Nope. Are Jews banned? Nope. Are atheists banned? Nope. Are Satan worshippers banned? Nope. Need I continue? Nope.
Saudi Arabia has spent $270,000 at Trump's Washington hotel since inauguration. Muslim money can travel freely about the country apparently.
Trump said he needed 90 days to figure out what was going on ... It's been > 90 days. Why is the Muslim ban still necessary?
We all want our country safe and we are willing to meet in the middle and can come to a reasonable compromise.
Are those countries the ones that don't do business with Trump? Because, when he first wanted the ban, it was only for those.
Then why are we letting Saudis in?  What a bunch of bullshit
Sorry to see you supporting this.  SAD
Well, what was temporarily approved isn't a Muslim ban.
Except Trump actually called it a Muslim ban, so there's that. Do the right thing for once, Linds.
Senator, what has the Trump Administration done since first trying to implement this ban? If the answer is "nothing" what does that tell you
An exception should be made to allow #SyrianRefugees already thoroughly vetted to enter our country as they are the VICTIMS of terrorism!
Banning #SyrianRefugees only plays into the geopolitical agenda of Putin as his manufactured refugee crisis is destabilizing Europe!
Not really, it's to make Trump appear tough on terrorism, the practicality and effectiveness is a secondary concern.
Bullshit. What price did you put on your dignity. @realDonaldTrump said it was a Muslim ban.  Sellout
Boo!
Shut up
What it is: the EO is a campaign promise that DJT wanted to institute to keep an uninformed campaign promise.  It will cause ill will for US
Not one terrorist from those countries. Add Saudi Arabia and maybe people will believe you
And it is a Muslim ban; as your "leader" said. His intention was to ban muslims.
"Where security has deteriorated" - random countries we don't like! Not the ones which actually harm us & send terrorists like Saudi Arabia
Funny, that's not what Donald Trump said about it.
Sad day for American people, this land is no longer the land of the free, your a liar when @realDonaldTrump campain talk about Muslim ban
Saudi Arabia and Russia, the two overt attackers of this country in the last 20 years, are not on the list. Collude much?
If you can't tweet something true, don't tweet nothin at all. Seriously, why set yourself up for this?
Nah, it's totally a Muslim ban and you support it because it was created by your friend the President, who you pretend to dislike
While waiting why wasn't the second look completed?
Why did potus have to wait on decision?  Couldn't they have ramped up vetting before the ban decision?  Seems like a waste of 150 days. Sad
So why, then, did Mr. Trump repeatedly call it a Muslim ban?
You are hurting my heart, Senator Graham.
What was Trump doing in the last 6 months?  He was supposedly taking his second look then.
Oh Lindsey!  Bless your heart!
How do actually sleep at night after swallowing all of that evil?
How well were you paid off? What is your conscious worth? I'll wait.
Give me a break!! Really??
what about Saudi Arabia? this executive order was just to please the trumpsters
Bullshit. And you know better.
The Trump admin has already had 5 months to do that! Why on earth is 90 days now necessary? Didn't they think it was urgent from Jan-June?
It's a Muslin ban
(A) Not true (B) You've already had 6 months to sort out security concerns (C) What are you doing about US-born white nationalist terrorism?
Have you no honor Sir? You are doing more political twisting than a recruit on an obstacle course.
You know that's not true. You can't just lie like this and think people won't notice.
How about a second look at Jared Kushner's or Jeff Sessions security clearance.
Muslims are terrorizing every corner of this earth. Absolutely better be a Muslim ban!
That's ya'll had over 90 days to fix already.  Remember it was a 90 BAN, so there is no need for it. Should already have in place!
What about that country the 9/11 hijackers came from? They're cool? It's a selective Muslim Ban Lindsey. We aren't stupid.
I wish @LindseyGrahamSC could be either be close minded or ignorant. This action shows he is both.
Your delusional
Not really.
DOESN'T MAKE US ANY SAFER... WHAT IS THE POINT ....PISS OFF MUSLIM IN THIS COUNTRY ALREADY???????? LINDSEY ARE YOU VOTING NO ON HEALTHCARE?
Bullshit. @potus says it's a Muslim ban!
Have you seen any ideas for actually "improving vetting" beyond "just find an excuse to keep them out"? Why is the review not done already?
It's been 150 days since Trump exec order claiming he needed 90 days to review vetting--and no terror attacks. So he needs another 90 days?
FromMaxBot
It's a Muslim ban. #ShameShameShame
It is a Muslim ban, plain and simple.
Sorry Senator it is a ban for pandering political purposes.  If you can't see that you are not paying attention or are complicit.
Trump & GOP should already have improved the vetting process by now since the 90 days needed is over.  Lazy whiners!
How many terrorists have come to the US from those countries, compared to Saudi Arabia?
Really? Well, justifying the degradation of the moral high ground we once willingly lead, allows for subtle yet apparent discrimination.
As our representative,you need to start talking about why Americans are not entitled to the same healthcare plan as the GOP and Senate!
How's the Kool-Aid Sen Graham? Are you going to start re-writing history with the nut job in the WH too? You're putting the country at risk!
Follow up to previous tweet. I am one of your SC constituents. Trump's tweets are not playing well for you back home. Represent us, not him.
POTUS 45 repeatedly stated that it is a ban.on "Muslims" entering the US. who do we believe, him or you?
@FoxNews @FoxNewsInsider Yeah, that is why not one Christian nation is identified in this ban. Explain that!
Don't be so tenuous! We're being attacked by the Muslim Islamist World!!! NO ONE ELSE!! Still being Politically Guarded! SAD!!
I dare you to tell me what "necessary second look" will entail. Dare you. PLEASE tell me what "extreme vetting" actually means. Nothing
Why isn't Saudi Arabia on this list (main players in 9/11). Oh yes, Trump does business in Saudi Arabia.
Please, you know that isn't true.
Trump calls it a ban.
The President literally called it a Muslim ban. Repeatedly.
Keep what little bit of integrity that you have and call it what it is...a ban based on religion.
And 6 countries that have done no attack by their citizens on america yet saudi arabi ain't on the list despite alqaeda funding
your kidding right. Trump has repeatedly called it a ban. Do you think were stupid?
What about banning Saudi Arabia where 15 of 19 on 911 came ftom
Your boss and our president said many times during the campaign that it was. But yeah, okay.
Will Saudi Arabia, who gave us the 9/11 masterminds, be on the list?
It is a pity that after Trump rubbished L. Graham, exposed his cell phone to the World, etc, Trump ipso facto beat Graham to aquiescence!
Put Saudi Arabia & Egypt on list & you MIGHT be believable!
Why are you lying? You act like this principled man, but really you are no different then any of those other liars in DC. Time for you 2 go!
Whatever you have to tell yourself to make it ok. Fwiw, you may want to check with 45 cause he's called it "Muslim ban"
It IS a Muslim ban. Ask @POTUS
Ha ha, tell that to the courts. Thankfully they understand the constitution
"We need 90 days!"  SC rules on Muslim-Ban 150 days later...Yea, okay...Its not religiously biased...sure
What about Saudi Arabia? They were behind 911. It was Saudis in the plane. Be real sir.
Bullshit. This has nothing to do with safety or national security. It's the *appearance* of doing something but not focused on real threats.
You're creating a bogey man and worsening our Middle East relationships.  This is a juvenile and flawed approach to global diplomacy
Have you looked at the death toll for Americans shot & killed by family, neighbors?  USA toddlers shot more people than Muslims
Disagree! He asked for a 90 day ban to "figure out what the hell..." surely he could have figured it out in over 150 days of his presidency.
Where is Great Britain on the list? And France?
Sugar coat it with anything you want!
Why aren't the Saudis on there? Or Russians. Russians attacked our nation & continue! Nothing Trump does is honorable/securing our nation!
So what the president said is false? He called it a Muslim ban.
That's not true Senator. @POTUS called it a ban. Stop lying.
But we have left out Saudi Arabia Senator.  Most of the 9/11 terrorist came from there, Bin Laden was a Saudi.  Oh right... Trump's Hotels.
I beg your pardon Lindsey??? Look at line # 3....
Why doesn't the ban include Saudi Arabia from whence so many terrorists develop?  Trump must have business ties there.
I remember someone referring to it as a Muslim Ban ... 
Well, it's been 5 months. What are the conclusions from this second look? I assume extreme vetting directives have already been written?
Why didn't we put the stronger vetting measures in place already? I mean, this is just for 90 days, right? We had time for that 2nd look.
With all due respect, since "the ban" was a 90 day thing 2review vetting and since 5months have passed, why is it needed NOW?
a) Trump called it a Muslim ban - many times
b) Saudi's attacked us on 9/11 - no ban
How about taking a 2nd look at Saudi Arabia then?
Which was supposed to have been finished over a month ago! Of course it is a ban, the President himself called it a ban.  Don't gaslight us
W should have our "extreme vetting" in place now, right?
Has security deteriorated in Iran?
Then you need to get your President from saying it is a Muslim ban.
What a time to start immigration reform rather than rule by executive order and partisan lines!
Exactly! The Senate & House is supposed 2 make law. Executive is supposed 2 have policies that fit within legal guidelines.
Of course, other countries we don't want to piss off (Saudi Arabia, for example) are not necessary.  Right, Senator?
KSA, FWIW, may have an Autocratic government, but it has stability in its foreign service to communicate visa infornation. 1/
Not for the current ban (I think it is a stupid policy), but the nations included do not, save Iran, whose government is an avowed enemy 2/2
