Without racism and hatred, Trump would not be President. Nor would the Republicans have so much power. These white supremacists are the base
Its ignorant statements like yours that divide this country. News flash.Im not a nazi and I voted for @POTUS 
and will do so again  #MAGA
I'm Hispanic and my family voted for @realDonaldTrump and my black in law family voted for him too.
Why?
Why??? Your tweet implies that anyone who voted for Trump is a racist and is a white supremacist... I take MAJOR OFFENSE to that.
That's exactly what they're saying
I was trying to be decent with the ignorance....Unfortunately there is no fix for people who have hate in their hearts.
I think it is what it is.
Dissuade them?  They're not contemplating getting tattoos, THEY'RE NAZIS!!   #Trump needs to condemn them and say they're terrorists!
Trump isn't going to condemn them,   He is one of them.  How much more proof do we need ?
Enough is enough-- step up-- POTUS is mentally ill, and he needs to be removed from office-- for his sake, as well as the rest of the #USA
http://www.firstpeople.us/FP-Html-Legends/TheLittleBoyAndTheRattlesnake-Cherokee.html …
Trump said he didn't know David Duke last year  when will left denounce anarchists funded by SOROS & #BlackLivesMatters who execute Cops 
NO Swampy, It's YOU that is promoting POTUS/White Nationalist agenda! You were NEVER-Trump from the beginning and you are still Anti-Trump!
Really? Where did you get that?
I want to VOMIT !!
Me too! Please pay attention to #HarveyStorm & ignore the POS @POTUS , America is in trouble 
Can't stand that @LindseyGrahamSC  always has to take a poke @realDonaldTrump
He is one of the few who stand up to his values... something Trump doesn't know about
Ok Lindsey once again you flip flop sides .Is it 2018 already ?
I urge POTUS to be fair; not butt-kissing either side, as he is doing, and for you to support him!
OBAMA Gave a dinner at white house for Black Lives Matter to honor them the gang who rapes kills steals, did you CRITICIZE OBAMA ???
They 100% correct. Trump needs to be thrown out on his ass now.
Yes I know. Destroying the country in the process. It will hurt you waaaaaaay before it hurts me though. :-)
Every day Trump confirms that he doesn't want job of President.The time is now.Please help him find the door. This is UNAMERICAN + u know it
He HAS denounced them!!!! @lindseygraham, @POTUS, #doublestandard, #obama, @baltimore, #benghazi lies, @CNNnewsroom .  #fakenews stinks
It might help if @foxandfriends would occasionally criticize @POTUS rather than sucking up all the time to gain ratings! Shame on you.
Mr Graham, You are a dull and stupid fellow!
You don't know why they think they have a friend in him?? Did you listen to his hate filled rallies? You along with the @GOP allowed it.
How about you RINO's & Dirty Dems disavow ANTIFA & BLM?? Multiple murders, destruction, & worse. Hypocrite!
Do you think we're all crazy? This was all a set up through your buddy Soros who bussed in paid agitators! ANTIFA = common denominator!
Unfortunately,  his reluctance to condemn them, says to me  that he is their friend.
Potus to quick, bad temperance. Takes time doesn't care. Dems first started saying he should condemn before they knew who did it.  Crazy
The Trump resistance has a friend in the Congress it's @LindseyGrahamSC.
Please save the USA from Bannon, Miller & Gorka. Get them out of the WH! You & other true American patriots must get the hate out of WH
Graham, you are stirring up trouble where there is none. I stand with Trump, get over losing and act like a Republican American.
@BBCWorld @AP_Politics He IS their friend, Sen. Graham. And the GOP congress and Fox News is listlessly complicit to this madness!
He did the right thing he called them by name I guess your perfect Graham Cracker dems lost the election never Trumpers MAGA
As they endorse the Demos,  KKK endorse and always will be on the side of Demos who they endorse so atop with the crap
You bloviate about everything.  When are you going to make it clear that ANTIFA & BLM don't consider you a friend in the Senate as well?
It would help @POTUS if est GOP had his back.  #swamp
Why haven't I yet heard anyone calling ANTIFA and BLM domestic terrorist
You people need to listen ! his first statement condemed these groups!

That little baby grew up believing in goodness and justice and standing up to hate. Heather Heyer. Say her name. 
You and the GOP need to take your own advice and quit working against America.
He did. Pay attention. #JournalismIsDead
They know the President. He has ppl in his administration that believe as they do. Ban on, Gorka, Miller, and Sessions. Supported by Koch..
His past&current rhetoric is the same as White supremacy Terrorist.His attack on Real Media while supporting FOXNEWS PROPAGANDA Machine.
@LindseyGrahamSC says he doesn't know why white supremacists groups believe they have a friend in the WH. Come on! YOU KNOW EXACTLY WHY!!!
You didn't say a peep when Obama invited Blk Lives Matter to the White House...
Haven't you figured out yet that the liberal protest organizers are behind these groups too! They are all owned by them to create this mess!
ALL means ALL, .@LindseyGrahamSC! You manage to twist EVERYTHING into a backstab for .@POTUS!
#Democrats are your friend.
No matter what he said..it would be wrong..He already condemned their actions..Did they hear?
He already has. ALT LEFT was just as reponsible as ALT RIGHT in VA. Thank god you will lose your next election. You have no clue!
He cannot now. They would whip his sorry ass. He suckered those dimwitted hillbillies.
Bs.
I never thought I would see a POTUS make = nazi white supremacists & defenders of all Americans but Trump managed. Alt-right happy
Are you kidding? That's his base. Anyone who can't see that isn't paying attention.
Agree..but..Selective indignation for one hate group is to support another...BOTH sides came to #Charlottesville to meet in the gutter.!
Did you demand the same from Obama when BLM was assassinating police officers? Antifa and all violence should be condemned!
Republicans have been using racism2gain votes in the Country&states where Trump was popular. Now they're covering4him. 2continue2fool voters
Republicans in the House & the Senate have been screwing the middle class stoking racism 4 years2control country.& now have a corrupt Trump
It's a little late for Lindsey Graham &people like him to suddenly start the call out the whites supremacist how about the lies&distortions
Too late. Nothing he says now can erase his first, true reaction. He will never speak against any person or organization who praises him.
His ego won't let him, Lindsey; just watch.
This is what happens when God is taken out and forgotten in this country.
BLACK LIFES MATTER IS WHO YOU SPEAK FOR GRAHAM.   THEY KNOW YOU ARE THERE FRIEND
L.Graham has fooled the people of S. Carolina
too long. VOTE HIM OUT.  TERM LIMITS.
Bannon brought them in, Trump took their support while trying to be coy. Trump needs their hateful energy to continue-it's his message
@realDonaldTrump would have to fire half his staff. And his base would vanish. Not gonna happen.

“Here's the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.” —Hillary
Further: you and your fellow politicians can urge him all you want and sound good. But until you take action, your words are empty.
He will never do that Senator, and that's what you guys need to get rid of him.  Very simple. He's A terrible embarrassment to our country.
What more does he want? Potus said he opposed this behavior in the STRONGEST way from BOTH SIDES. No matter how POTUS said it He'd be wrong
You just can't get over being whipped so bad by  trump.  Loser.
Dear Fox news thank you for the bang-up job you've done. You have helped bring America to its knees. PS you must be so proud 
The Russians want to divide us, and we are very divided! This thread proves my point. This country needs to unify! Their being successful !
Uh... Putin also believes he has a friend in @POTUS. What do you expect?
@realDonaldTrump is his friend and biggest supporter, no doubt about it. America should know now that Trump is a Racist!
@nytimes @CNN
He already has Mr Graham. Now you need to get back to work!
#Obama too.
And I would like to urge you lindsey to take the advice of POTUS and GET TO WORK
But Trump is their friend otherwise, he would announce he wasn't. The world is watching and they don't like what they see or hear.
You've got it wrong, you seem to be their friend and cheerleader
We have a potus that loves his country,We need less graham  and McCains,make America great again,Arizona 110 increase and McCain voyed no
YOU missed an opportunity to condemn Antifa. Leftists are violent and have been a long time.

Ridiculous tweet.
SHUT UP !!
America can read between the lines Senator. President doesn't support those groups; doesn't want their support.
The rhetoric on this point should not be allowed to erase the enormity that domestic terrorism took lives.
#repealandreplaceLindseyGrahamSC
Haven't watched Fox news Sunday since December 2016. Check back in today and see that Chris is angling for MSNBC spot.
But it's ok for black congressional's to support BLM terrorist.
These groups, the action of one twenty year old man has now labeled the @POTUS part of the blame, one young man made a real poor decision!!
Sen. Graham @realDonaldTrump won't denounce his base and you negate your credibility when you are on @FoxNews #ImpeachTrumpNow
How did he get elected? By the hand of those hate groups He is their friend He is definately one of them
Charlottesville, I tried to warn you http://po.st/uRWdzb  via @worldnetdaily
THE 3KS HAS PLAYED U FOR FOOLS...FOR LEVERAGE BLACKMAIL & THE BLAME GAME!
I AM NOT YOUR FRIEND OR ALLY. THE PERSON U R REALLY IN BED WITH IS THE 3KS OR SINGAPORE GOVT. & THEY HAVE USED MANIPULATED & CONNED U!
Lindsey is such a stupid idiot! I can't stand that sell out
His so doesn't need to. That's dancing to their tune. We KNOW he's not a WS. He disavowed ALL hate. I'm satisfied with that.
@realDonaldTrump Not Working,Graham.No One is Listening to "Stupid".
Pay attention for once & stop being an establishment fool.
Actions speak louder than words. Like avoiding the question when asked at a press conference if he denounced them. #sad
Would it help if all the white people just dropped dead on Tuesday so we can get on with the business of the United States,hell men too.
That's the narrative everyone wants to push that Hates POTUS! He did speak out about both sides! Why are Dems not acknowledging BLM violence

Shame on the politicians who are trying to push blame on @POTUS Trump for what happened in #Charlottesville, VA. https://www.facebook.com/FranklinGraham/posts/1610777732311735 …
President Trump spoke to all hate groups!  Why don't you support your President once in a while.  You are against anything he does and says.
He wants more information. Instead of jumping to conclusions like you.DonaldTfump is not your puppet. Support your president.
like this group?
HE NEEDS TO FIRE THE WS IN THE WH STAT this in GORKA BANNON MILLER.
Obama support of extremists that were cop killing and not one politician said a dam thing Trump was elected because mid America lost hope
Please get back to work Senator. You are loafing on my dime. #draintherinoswamp
Lindsey Graham is a complete moron.  He needs to retire and take mitch and John with him
Still waiting I see
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS Both sides are mad at POTUS so his comments and tone were exactly correct in how he handled
Yet his immediate instincts not to do so show his true colors
BLM had a friend in Obama while they supported killing police and you crazy politicians never said a dam thing
He already has. Move on. Come up with a solution Graham
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! YOU ARE JUST AS CULPABLE @GOP YOU ARE ALL CULPABLE. Looking forward to 2018 you're all spineless traitors 2 democracy
So what does saying "I am not your friend" accomplish?  Threaten to throw them in jail? Can't do that, so what's the point of saying that?
David Duke: “That’s why we voted for Donald Trump, because he said he’s going to take our country back.” #sad #MAGAChimpSays !! 
But it turns out he is one of them.
Nah, it's the hateful media that perpetuates that.
ou're against deportation of illegals but for deporting fringe hate group .. i dont like it but they have same rights as us .. #ignorethem
Sen Graham. (not much longer) our presidents' remarks on NC subject shows that he knows his American history. Hint: go back to 1861-1865.
Sen Graham, you haven't accomplished a damned thing being a senator. You are an obstructionist and a loudmouth!  As is Sen McCain.  Go away!
We know potus doesn't have a friend in you, Lindsey
Lindsey Graham does not understand that condemning people is a leftist trait. Condemn the actions not the people. That's what Trump did.
Gee Lindsey that's political.

If I say I have a friend in @POTUS does that make him my friend. No
Are you for calling for @realDonaldTrump to get rid of Sessions, Bannon, Miller, & Gorka.  If not, then you're full of crap.
Send the checks back!
POTUS is a pig whose lack of action says he is ok with hate groups. They r correct in believing they have friends in the WH
While you let Antifa off scott free........No thank you.
Is Graham suggesting that the Pres is in sync with white supremacist?? You should be ashamed of yourself.
DEPLORABLES....THOSE WHO OUR PRESIDENT REFUSE TO DENOUNCE OUT HIS MOUTH.....WHY NOT??? THINK ON THAT AMERICA....THINK ON THAT.
Deplorable, Anyone that support a man even if he murders someone. Those in Charlottesville, VA of KKK, white supremacist, Nazi, etc.
Think he cares? Come on Senator, get real.
BLM has been calling on the killing of ALL WHITES, ALL CHRIST., ALL CONSERV., AND OUR PRES.   Now radicals on that side are hitting back.
There within lies your problem. He is their friend. That's why he won't disavow them. Just like with Putin.
KEEP DREAMING!!!!!!!!! TRUMP IS A RACIST F'K!!! BELIEVE IT NOW YOU SCUMBAGS AT FOX??? HANNITY WILL SAY HE'S MISUNDERSTOOD!
Why don't you listen , that's what he said your not president
@LindseyGrahamSC  : He he did already tv hound, got your daily fix?
What the f... is wrong with you! Support your President!
Even though you can't choose who votes for you it's important to show tolerance for legal dealings. That doesn't mean jail is ruled out!
I use to respect Fox News . And Mr. Wallace. But asking intelligence people to give up Classified info on his show. Dumb. Enemies also see
Graham, you are so full of it. You didn't get elected. You and McCain are out for yourselves trying to make sure the Presidents agenda fails
Why don't we here the media screaming hate crime when it's black on white. This clown is a murderer he needs to burn as a murderer.
If these groups believe they have a friend in POTUS, then who was the friend of the Berkley rioters and BLM.
#Democrat and #RINO trying their best to form some sort of "alliance" between @POTUS and white supremacists since the Russian story failed
Based on these comments, the Republican Party is heading toward a split. Trump racist party forming before our eyes
it was antifa and BLM that was bused in paid by Soro's move http://on.org .None of these groups like the president.Your a small man
Fox News not helping the president
. GRAHAM》》This is exactly what I'm talking about! YOU ALWAYS bash Pres & other GOP members! Dems dont eat their own BUT REPS SURE DO! ie YOU
. Had POTUS ONLY brought up the ugly grps Media & others wld have bashed him for that!
He can't. They are his base. Darth Bannon won't let him.
White supremacists have no friends here.  Nazis have no friends here.  ANY group that turns to violence will not find friends here.
He will never do that. He is a traitor to democracy.
Every "rational" person knows President Trump is not a friend to white supremists!
Good luck. The problem is everyone enables @potus no matter the bad behavior. Wake up- this is not a good or productive change for our govt
They do have a friend in @POTUS. They elected him.
Trump already denounced all these hate groups!! Antifa & Nazi hate groups. Antifa has been more of a problem than the Nazi groups anyways!!
Tell the American people the truth. That you are not their friend and you stopped being loyal to America a long time ago....

Where was the outrage when that POS Obama had every racist in the country in the WH Celebrating blacks killing Cops & beating DT supporters
Lindsay needs to call out hisDemocratBudsTo condemn prior attacks byAlt left on TrumpSupporters&alt leftKKKConfederates in Charlottesville
I'd like  GOP do more than "talk" - I'd actually like to see them "do" something about this. @GOP
With all due respects to the Senator, this president will never sincerely do this. He can't himself.
Graham should keep his mouth shut his opinions mean nothing where was this piece of crap when BLM were killing cops or the racist left acts
I want Mike Wallace to get Ted Cruz instead of Lindsay Graham. He's much more articulate and intelligent.
Bulls*it!
He won't because he is one of them.  PLEASE get him out of there!  Are you going to wait until it is too late?
I urge you to get behind the Pres get healthcare tax reform and infrastructure done. Why are you talking about this instead. Mote in ur eye?
Sen. Graham sd he doesn't know Y racists & Nazis believe @POTUS is a friend.
O/c he does, & shud say so: b/c he's never indicated otherwise.
Sometimes you make good points.
"By their deeds (and their words) shall ye know them"
Big mouth Lindsey all talk no action you went thru 8 yrs of Obama with ur tail between your legs. Now your a tough guy. Please weak follower
Come on Linsey he denounced all violence as should everybody.
They R his most die-hard base & are bragging now he supports them because he refused 2 rip them by name.  Impeach/censure @realDonaldTrump
Who is him?
Same guy who was cool with David Duke. Expecting polite silence.
@LindseyGrahamSC just want to say how much I dislike you.  Ryan, McCain,McConnell and you make me sick
Miller is a Jew. As is Kushner. As am I. We don't tolerate nazis. I can't believe how ignorant some are being. It's blind hate for Trump.
