Pres Trump is not exactly Republican.  He did U a favor & carried Replcns over line.  Don't need GOP.  AHC was DOA.  Graham & others, weak!
Trump,right message, GOP was a mistaken message ,now when you don't call out both sides .liberals wilding in Durham nc
Get McCain on board
I had a friend who was visiting her mom in la ,they were getting their hair done ,when la riots broke out .innocent people in area get hurt
Crazy liberals in California beating trump supporter ,throwing rocks at cops,burning cop cars, schools breaking windows
No just the future of you ELITIST WINDBAGS. TIME TO DRAIN THE SWAMP! ANYONE BUT GRAHAM 2020!
Hey chickenshits!
They want a foil.  Pls use brain over brawn.
And you and your establishment gang sat on your hands for 7 years???? Balless
The @GOP s future is tied to @foxandfriends ' future,? Is that what you want to say?
Exactly you better start supporting the President or you will all be elected out sick of you Republicans trashing the President
This is where it stems from you can't change racist but you can ensure all troublemakers arrested with stiff jail times.
What exactly does Marie Harf contribute to Fox other than democrat lies? Certainly no intelligent input. A proven obama stooge!
I turn off Fox when she appears..that arrogant spouter of lefty lies and hyperbole.
His Job needs to be 7 years and you have not produced 1 articulated plan Disgusting All if you should be fired You would be in a real job
OBAMA Gave a dinner at white house for Black Lives Matter to honor them the gang who rapes kills steals, did you CRITICIZE OBAMA ???
We need tariffs for those nations imposing on us ,against nations with Slave labor,China,Russian ,Iran North Korea  those trying to kill us
Pls read portion tariff
Looks like he too his wife's carving knife
Lindsey the President will not be in trouble as you put it. Mitch, you and those who cannot come together and repeal/replace are the ones
Yes Mcs job 4 American ppl is N jeopardy(2020)So is yours (2020) Harlan z Hill 4 SenatorN2020. 's who constantly criticize Pres
Glad you are able to have an opinion. That's why we all live in this country. Have a great day..
Is the idea  of erasing Obama's name more vital than the 'next' outcome? The "Skinny"vote makes this notion fatter. It is mildly disturbing.
Start looking for your retirement home now
Yes Mcs job 4 American ppl is N jeopardy(2020)So is yours (2020) Harlan z Hill 4 SenatorN2020. 's who constantly criticize Pres
Few actually WANTED to replace Obamacare. It was just something for the GOP to rail against for 7 years.
As is your future in Senate Mr. Graham. No confidence in you anymore!
At least you admit that the GOP is in jeopardy.   When will you stop putting party over country?   Enough is enough.
They are pulling down statues , some states rely on it for tourism .then liberals jumping on broken statue ,and a guy drops his knife
Reach across the aisle to fix the ACA!
Presidemt should,be ordered to call in national guards Jerry brown won't ,mn , Portland ,etc .This nonsense breaks out innocent people hurt.
Shouldn't you be worried about the #GOP & it's future because of this..this is your party.
#ImpeachTrumpNow 
#BannonMillerGorkaMustGo
McConnell should be removed as Senate Majority Leader and McCain needs to stay in AZ for treatment.
We need tougher laws , no violence should be tolerated . The moron who ran down that women should never see the light of day
You Guys don't get it. We the People will no Longer allow you & the "elites" to control Our Country! So Stand with Us or get Voted out!
I'm a people, too and I must know - Who are these elites that you describe?
Your right there congress man
Swampy, New polls: 67% of Republican voters support President Trump's stance on Charlottesville. How many support you?
Meanwhile Obama invited Herbert daughtrey,Al sharpton. Sharpton is an equal opportunity hater ,whites ,Jews,Asians,Hispanics
#epicrino Graham wonders why the WH doesn't consider him a friend. You really don't know Graham? #rinoidiot #votehimout #ButtbuddyMcCain
Hours before mcaullife,he denounced all violence,they are all guilty. He working during is vacation,it doesn't.Have time to appease pundits
Lindsay Graham trumo denounced David and kkk mutiple times erode this incident. Trump pressure to weigh in ,before the women was mowed down
And you're part of the problem!
I certainly hope yours isnt
You are dishonest to the bone!
Trump è  stato.chiaro no violenza da qualsiasi parte
CIA Director Pompeo: Russia, Iran, and Hezbollah are exploiting chaos in Venezuela to launch ops
Stop playing both sides you're either with the President or not please let us know do people can vote accordingly
And your future is in jeapordy if Trump doesn't denounce By Name KKK, Nazis, White Supremacists and GOP does nothing
And what if he doesn't? What are you and the rest of the GOP going to do about it???
YOU WILL FAIL IN THE NEXT ELECTION IF REPEAL AND REPLACE AREN'T DONE SENATIR GRAHAM, WE VOTED FOR IT AND IF WE DON'T GET IT, REPUBLICANS
WILL LOSE SEATS, SOROS CAN'T HELP YOU GET YOUR SEAT, GOD IS IN CONTROL, WE ARE MEANT TO PROSPER UNDER POTUS AND WE WILL!  GET IT TOGETHER
Hey Lindsey did you call out obama when people were chanting fry like bacon for law enforcement u know damn well Trump doesn't condone this
You need to work w/Dems to improve the ACA. Your repeal/replace plan has record disapproval. People do not want you taking away healthcare.
SC- please repeal and replace slimy politicians like Grahamnesty.
And therein lies the problem. Have u no self awareness Lindsey?  Do U even realize what u are saying?
If you don't deal with #crazy45, your party's future is def in jeopardy.
Your job is to get healthcare for everyone..when you repeal this instead of making it better you are incompetent for every American

That means telling Bannon, Miller and Gorka that he doesn't want to be their boss anymore. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/896857163137765377 …
The Russia narrative is over with this story http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/08/10/left-wing-magazine-the-nation-report-puts-russian-hack-dnc-narrative-in-freefall/ … if all would cover the real news! We need to get on the same page!MAGA!

Should @realDonaldTrump call on @SenateMajLdr to Resign???
#Trump 
#McConnellMustGo
#DitchMitch…
Why was BLM there Fox News? Ans: start violent!  BLM donor Geo Soros!! FOX U R going the way of CNN/MSNBC. Anti President Trump.
Because having citizens live in fear of losing insurance is part of the GOPs political platform.
Your future is in doubt because you have enabled @realDonaldTrump in his warmongering and white supremacy beliefs. The GOP must agree?
You spend to much time on words spoken or not rather than things that matter like China making concessions with Pres. about NKorea.
The real person who should be criticized is the mayor of Charlottesville for allowing the protesters to be there, Trump said what was right.
#FireHannity
Please stop quoting faux news.....
We kno you're plotting&scheming2give the wealthy decades of tax cuts by taking away health insurance Pouring$ in2state governor races WE C U
Also,NO CONSTITUTIONAL CONVENTION 2make these tax cuts & @GOP gerrymandering permanent,2create a permanent underclass of minorities&veterans
Lyndsey it's time for Mitch to retire.
Lindsey Graham a politician who talks out of both sides of his mouth. Read his statement again.
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/donald-trump-sebastian-gorka-security-adviser-quit-white-house-nazi-links-a7711761.html …  When do you stand up to the Nazi in the white house?
We are now into some dangerous domestic terrorism territory.
worry about taking our healthcare away later
These Terrorists don't need signals from our white house
I note the presence of Richard Spencer at the Virginia rally.
Richard Spencer and Stephen Miller are besties.
It was Stephen who penned the travel ban.  He has been testing this verbiage since his time at duke...with Richard..Spencer.
Richard and Stephen even put together a campus event at duke discussing...Immigration.
An end to the 2 party system is eminent. Let the people vote their hearts and minds. Bring Democracy back to the USA. 1 voice 1 vote
Listen to anything you have to say....
Getting anything done...this administration is trying to take us back to civil rights days where minority's dont have any rights...
Your so two faced...why are yall still taking about #RepealAndReplace did you not witness what happened this pass weekend
Is Fox News dictacting the GOP ? you need to dump toxic trump now or you are all going down with him
Just bc you're endorsing fox news by the amount of reposts, you deserve to be condemned. Shame on you.
Thanks to a&@holes like you, Graham!!
You're right. I keep a list of lying GOP Sen & Rep & will work AGAINST them. Nothing but lies. You have all you need. Do or GOP can die 2018
There is something completely phony about you Lindsey Graham,  that prevents me from trusting  you or believing any thing you say.
Trump=Nazi  guess what that makes you Mr Graham? A nazi supporter. Why do you pretend to be good and decent when you support such hate!!
U r the reason we need term limits.  Retire with all your cronies and go fishing because u have done nothing but drive a stake into the GOP
Hypocrites, trying to divide us will not work #voteyouout senator
Only the GOP Rinos Lifers. Who promise things and fail to even try to deliver. All incumbents voted out  NEW BLOOD NEW IDEAS
THIS IS A SITUATION THAT THE GOP WILL HAVE TO DECIDE FOR THEMSELVES. THE FUTURE OF THE PARTY IS IN YOUR HANDS.
The Dems are doing this and there is crickets from the Rep.  Why.. Our History is being erased.  Why not the Byrd statue? That's KKK.
I can't believe you're giving advice to the president, you can't do your own job , reelection we won't forget
Sen Graham,u r a hypocrite & everyone sees it.U may have your own agenda & think you will be president one day, but God has put Trump in
Why do you always go against our President on everything? He knows what is going on. He gets intelligent reports. Are you a Rep or Dem?
#RinoRepeal is next on Voters agenda. @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @DeanHeller & soon @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenCapito @senrobportman
Give me a break Lindsey
It won't matter to you will it? biz a usual.
Really why in the world would anyone support you as you are a die hard politician that has absolutely no leadership acumen!
Lindsey you should talk to your left wing friend j McCain on the Failure! #SelloutRepublicans @seanhannity @seanhannity
Your a complete worm. Will be voted out mid term.
Come up with something better. U had years. Ur base doesn't realize your solution will hurt them more.
Right on Senator! But this time get John McCain on board. Okay?
Why? Because 17% of Americans  still want that? What is wrong with you @GOP? Bigger problem, you supported Trump & own white supremacy.
every GOP is on notice you've had 8 years since tragic Obamacare passsed to come up with a replacement , you failures house and senate
Yes,repeal and replace all of you with some that will do their job and not wine like a bunch of babies and do nothing!!!!!!!
POTUS HAS THE GUTS TO GO AGAINST
ALL OF U POLITICIANS. U WORK FOR US.
POTUS SAYS "WE WON" NOT HIM.
These 2 swamp leaders need to be fired first also asshole mccain.@JohnMcCain
You've dug your political "grave" with your comments today. How dare you imply Trump is friends with Nazis. Repub will oust you in 2020.
Graham is looking to start a nationwide revolt....the bloodshed would be severe. He and the GOP would need to leave the country, for safety.
Graham - Voter target 2020 we won't forget or forgive your betrayal
it's because of 3 republicans who are rino traitors.Screwed the middle class on obamacare.Filled it full of taxes.did nothing to help
. GRAHAM》Might be better if you wld Stay OFF TV running your mouth & STOP bashing POTUS & @GOP
They should work together and help Pres. Trump keep his promises that WE elected him to do. GOP should represent us, not their selves.
You should really retweet something other than Fox
Push that propaganda Trump TV. What'd you think about those angry white men yesterday Lindsey?
Lindsey is telling you McConnell could shoot the Pope and his Trilateralist backers would pay off the jury. He is a lap dog.
Plating golf day after American libs where decapitated by his ISIS friends hypocrite
Why did Graham laugh so much in his interview? Arrogance? Congress is endangered because of underperformance. It is evident they don't care.
#LindseyGraham establishment fool thinks he is hiding from being anti Trump. Perfect reason for term limits. Graham 
#promisesmatter
If we can't believe in the GOP getting healthcare passed then we don't vote them back in office.  It's simple.
Future election cycles will be in the balance.  No one will believe in the GOP ability to get anything done.
If he can't get a promise made passed, he needs to go.
American people need to see @GOP take action to impeach @realDonaldTrump  Enough with your impotent words. Country before party.
Why vote GOP Senate when it says 1thing&does sameold other? Many GOPers more focused on 'resisting' Trump than they ever resisted Obama.
Senate GOP will be out like stout if they continue to hedge, fudge and downright refuse to do what they promised to do for past 7 years.
You've got the House which did something& a prez who will sign whatever you send to him.  Senate does absolutely nothing. DO SOMETHING now!!
The Republicans need to get there head out of there ass IMPEACH Trump 25th amendment
Just certain senators being obstructionist and being totally disrespectful to the American people who voted for them. Sick and tired of this
This coming from a never trumper!!
Graham is very right on this one.. But so is the democratic party. All parties in trouble. They cannot produce results. Trump making clear!
All your jobs are in jeopardy!
No kidding Lindsey... I wonder why? #RINO  
#GOP repeatedly fails after so many generous chances given by voters
#FNS  #Trump #DitchMitch
LG you should be a democratic you are little Man who should kept his mouth closed and sit down you do nothing to help fix the problems
@LindseyGraham couldn't have positively influenced 3 senators esp @SenJohnMcCain who voted no to repeal/replace #ACA?We're to trust him?
Your job is in jeopardy @LindseyGrahamSC ! The people are sick of you! #DrainTheSwamp
stop talking about what u dont care about!  People have a right to free SPEECH! They got a permit and did it right. the leftist panicked it
Agree we are damned by both parties if we survive NOKO it'd be time to change  both parties
His job should be in jeopardy as well as Paul Ryan, McCain and many more swampers. Get em out! They are destroying our country!
Finally after many years I agree with Graham on something.  I am all for giving the health care back to the states.
Assign workers to that farm . One major reason they abscond ,you allow families . No family members . They go pick fruit and leave .
Agriculture visas needs to end . Next thing those who have these workers more responsibility they don't show up 24 ice detainer .
Lindsey Graham cannot be trusted!
You have farmers ,get them loans to automate ,we have world bank . Defer framers taxes for eight years to cover expense .

Fact is Russia,China save on education healthcare etc while we take and support other nations problems ,we need military might not welfare
Your job is finished Graham. You have zero credibility selling out to Fox News and supporting a batshit crazy @realDonaldTrump.
Now with growing threats we need more defensive missiles and more equipment ,you still going to argue cotton and Perdue proposal ?
Yes, President should call out White Nationalist specifically.. but he should ALSO call out ANTIFA....theyre BOTH wrong.
Trump is not going to fail CONGRESS is going to! Trump is making his promises.... Go Trump....Congress can't for Fill put Business men in.
I stand 100% behind our President !!!
Former congresswoman and former Obama employee democrats wants to blame everything on Trump nazi groups have been around for long time
You have panel of democrats and you Chris do nothing but leading questions For a gotcha moment
Good for you Senator...
Well said!
No cogent argument for a new policy just Obama's = bad and bad for GOP. How about a real plan. 7 yrs of puffery = "I think federalism..."???
Mr Graham you are right about that. You all better look in the mirror and realize no big wins your jobs are gone. Tax reform must H/C.
Can't stand Wallace, Can't stand Graham bye Fox on Sunday mornings

@LindseyGrahamSC finally, now unify the Republican party and get things done for the future of our country. We need you to lead
Let the nature of capitalism run its course 
Another insane statement from Mr. Graham. EVERYONE in Republican party is in jeopardy EXCEPT @POTUS. We voted "Trump" not "GOP."
Lindsay Graham is a hypocrite he talks against him and then he is for him, he's a war munger, in other words he is full of shit
Graham is two faced...you can't believe anything he says
#GOPIsComplicit You supported a traitor. #DoSomethingGOP
GOP-Nazi terrorist party that enables a crazed monster who's destroyed http://America.You 'll never be credible again. #DoSomethingGOP
Give pres a break we all know who is behind this
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateMajLdr  No, it should not. Forcing repeal on Americans when most wantACA fixed will hurt GOP
Hallelujah!
And the rest of the GOP assholes are better? It's a joke , I stay independentv
GOP is over really . And eventually the democrat too
