Lost the backbone since June. Too bad.
Here is the greatness of Obama

Shut up Lindsay and continue licking @realDonaldTrump 's boots. This here and fro is unnerving. Limelight addicted? Don't put on a puppet show and have your talks with #diaperdonald privately. Just because you look like the former pope doesn't give you moral high-ground.

Oh, Miss Clara Belle, let me pull my fainting couch closer, while I clutch my pearls, I do believe we agree on something.
Swoons to couch.
TRUMPS AT WAR HAS NO CHOICE  MAYBE  MUST BE HOW HE WINS   NOT FOR HIMSELF   BUT FOR AMERCIA  GOT TO DO WHAT HES GOTTA DO
The one to be impeached is Lindsey Graham. He puts his personal animus of Donald Trump ahead of what is good for the United States.
So I guess it's DEM this week? I never know Sen. Graham. Or is it Lord of the Manor Graham...what are you trying to sound like? A feudal lord?
Lindsey you have lost all support back home with illegals taking all the jobs and you wanting to give amnesty,  This will be your last term
COULD BE WRONG
Slug
Thank you, sir...how very right you are!


It took him this long to find one of Dickheads tweets beneath the office. Someone is a little S L O W.
oh please spare us your hyprocrocy Ms. Graham. Trying to kill Americans with bad insurance is what is wrong with you.
Thank you for speaking up, Mr. Graham, but your Randian healthcare bill still has me pretty pissed off.
thank you why does congress allow this president to treat others this way? He is nasty and hateful to everyone on a daily basis just awful
You didn't even @ him.
What are you doing about it, sir?
It's good to visit old tweets time to time.
Most fascinating meeting I’ve been involved with in twenty plus years in politics.  

I very much appreciate @POTUS @realDonaldTrump attitude, demeanor…
I would retweet this, but the only Mr. President I acknowledge is NOT Trump aka the fake president.
Support our President.
Lindsey.. U'll go on vacation but should stay, shut up & help with the Trump adgenda #MAGA
one liberian flag
Where's all these flag tweetin rules at ?
Carson is correct. Trump, AWESOME GIVEN  ATTACKS ON HIM!  WE LOVE HIM, PUT THERE BY GOD/ PEOPLE. SHUT UP BAD MOUTHING HIM.
ZIP IT GRAHAM, TRUMP IS THE PRESIDENT THE MAJORITY VOTED IN A LOVE HIM AND TWEETS!  U R Jealous Wanna Be Pres.
Lindsey Graham, I am ashamed that you are a Republican. You are not representing the people who voted for you!
Was that a copy-paste critique?
You can't weasle out of the part you played to get him elected.  We knew he was an idiot as soon as he opened his mouth. #ImpeachTrump


You are done Lindsey!  Wait till your re election dude.
why is nobody calling for impeachment? He is clearly unhinged. Trying to cause nuclear war with NK. He needs impeached!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @CNN
Just shut up Lindsey, no one cares what you think. Just go have another $400 lunch and wallow in your self importance.
Why are you working with Dems to hurt Pres. Trump? Looks like Republicans are afraid of something? This is why Trump was elected!
lindsey graham crackers!! no one but huffpoo pays attention to him!
can you & McCain stop slapping trump on the wrist & just get rid of him. Btw, Hillary warned you!
You Mr. Graham and many of your cronies are whats wrong with American politics
A woman with a spine, I kinda have a crush on you...
Hello i just followed you have great peace meanful conversation good people
NO SIR, OUR PRESIDENT IS REPRESENTING THE HARD WORKING AMERICAN TAXPAYERS WHO HAVE WITNESSED OUR NATION GO INTO THE TOILET
No mr. Graham, you are what's wrong with politics today. You should be a Democrat not a lying Republican!
You are despicable! Shame on you betraying your - our President! You're not God almighty-remember!
You are a fool.  President Trump is just who we need and God chose him because he is a tough, wise man.  Get over it!
You, Kinszinger and Mccain are the biggest traitors in Congress.
Grow PC isn't anymore, the establishment is being drained
Lindsey ..Your whats Wrong with America ..Traitorous RINO's like You...!!!..Should be a Democrat...!!!
- YOU are what is wrong with US politics, you and your rotten cohorts. TERM LIMITS!!!!
Why don't you back your parties elected president?
mr graham your betrayal to president trump is beneath the office taxpayers are paying you for
you rhinos are the problem in DC I hope you all get voted out.
Hows this Lindsey, You resign from office right now and get the hell OUT of politics period. You are part of our problem.
a total moron that could use a little tutoring from the likes of a great future leader in Ben Carson!
No,Mr Graham ,you/ your friends do not represent America properly and you had almost destroyed America. Putz.
You should take that statement and turn it around and apply it to yourself.  The shoe fits perfectly.
you are the one who is in the wrong leave the man alone let him do his job..you are afraid pf losing all your perks.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.  YOU'LL BE VOTED OUT AND WON'T HAVE TO DEAL WITH POLITICS ANYMORE1!!
What have you done for America, or has it been all about you? Greatness can be explained in many ways. How about yours?
shame on You, Lindsey Graham!  Your double speak is not worthy of
You!
WRONG! You must be guilty, if you're afraid of a little birdie!
you need to retire and go back to SC.
I am sorry I don't think you realize how angry we are with this Obama care it is crushing the American people.
Mr. Graham you must know that you are on all our bad lists. That includes your friend Mr. McCain.  We will vote you out.
graham its senators like you thats killing America
Well,.la te da!! Aren't we an elitist!!
"We the people" do not agree with you! You are wrong! PC is not presidential, it's lying to the people! His way is truthing
: Lindsey Graham: I will say you are a pain in the ass, and what is wrong with AMERICA  IS YOU AND McCAIN
- - If Truman was alive and you said that to him, he'd spit in your cowardly eye . . .
Raised in SC, a resident of AZ, disappointed in your representation of SC & cursed w/McCain performanceas as senator of AZ.
Comes out of one of his many closets to Tweet about Tweets, turn around and shut the door please..
Mr. Graham u r reprehensible attacking POTUS45 on Twitter. U'd think since GOP has WH, Sen & House u'd try to work TOGETHER
go sit in a nail...
nobody cares what Lindsey Graham thinks he is not a True Republican anyway. He does not support our President in anything!
Many times I have been ashamed when you spoke to America and the things you have done. Never talk against your President.
Collins, You and McCain are what is wrong with politics.  Shut up and get behind Mr. Trump, because he is for the people.
How would you know AH????
a@1922
Mr. Lindsey,  it is you that is beneath the dignity  of any office, not President Trump.
Lindsay Graham, not that you would understand, but, Pres Trump IS NOT A SNOB & in touch with REAL Americans!
Instead of telling the president how to do his job why don't you do yours? Your approval is less than 20%.  Got it????
I think you are hiding something really big. Support this President!
wrong, Mr. President is stronger, tougher, smarter and much wiser than all the Republican's in congress.  Make America #1
YOU are what's wrong with American politics.
Not much longer though ....
You Mr. Graham are a big part of the Republican party.  Wake up your party elected Donald Trump and his agenda.
mr. G, your lack of unity with the President is beneath your office and represents what is wrong with American politics.
you need to resign now ! Democrat in republican clothing traitor
Lindsey Graham how long have you been suckling on crooked Muslim brotherhood Obama
@ChrissieEvert Mr. Graham, please stop dropping bombs on babies & civilians & victimizing peaceful Americans w yr Big Govt!
Mr. Graham. 
Go home. You're irrelevant. 

Your incompetence is beneath your office.

#2018bye #republiCANTS
You know what else is beneath the office? You getting nothing done for my healthCare! You Suck. I relied on U, you fooled me! #SkinnyRepeal
Youre right...the greatness of America is found in the uplifting voices of the Democrats...and the lack of support the GOP give to Trump.
Save this tweet, senator. You'll be needing to retweet it until Impeachment Day....
No one will be able to carry out their duties properly in Government if they have to walk on eggshells worrying about how Trump feels.
Boycott everything and everyone Trump!
As a Republican, I firmly believe the Obamacare helps quite a few of my personal friends. Leave it alone if it's working!
Lindsey Graham your tweet attacking our President is beneath the office you hold and represents what is wrong with American politics. Phony!
Repeal!
Lindsey Graham I really don't agree with you but for once sir , you are correct ..unbecoming of a president...a child has more maturity !
Lindsey I've waited for a long time for you to find your balls. But it turns out you don't have any. #nutlesswonder
Totally agree with you Senator Lindsey Graham @SenGillibrand @SenSanders @mmpadellan @washingtonpost
THE MESSENGER, CHUMP! TOO!
THE RESPONSE IS FROM THE SPORE GOVT! IT'S FROM THE INTERSECT! PPL..THEY R SAYING LINDSEY IS ATTACKING ME & GIVING ME THE RESPONSE. DUN SHOOT
LINDSEY ATTACKING ME...DUN SHOOT THE MESSENGER, CHUMP! DATA INFO. PREPLAN. KEEP UP CIA..MAP THE MIND! COVERED THIS B4, PPL!
We the People liked it and our Word is stronger than yours.POTUS says what we want to say but don't have a podium to say it on.
This is why you will never be more than a lowly Senator from a great state. You have no class.
Thank you for standing up to him. We need more men and women of honor like you in Washington. Please don't waiver.
Scene 2: Trump running to the basement of the White House for answers. Finding nothing beneath his office, he carries on.
Who really give a damn about anything Lindsey Graham says!      #Rino.   He with his bud McLame are the repubs answer to Nancy Botoxlosi
I wouldn't throw off on Trump, SC knows you need 2 b replaced, but with SOROS MONEY, its hard to find someone 2 oppose
You need to stop the witchhunt that is obstructing the progress and work YOU ALL NEED TO DO FOR AMERICA. THERE IS NO COLLUSION.WASTING TIME
So, do something about this mess of a so called president that you support every damn day! All words, no action, as usual! #TrumpRussia
If Robert Hanssen has to serve 15 life sentences for treason for providing secrets to the enemy then Don Jr. can go to jail for treason.
U do know any praise U see here for your tweet is from Liberal Democrats. As noted, you R digging your own grave. @LindseyGrahamSC OUT 2020
We voted for our @POTUS All you have to do is keep your mouth shut. Someone has to fight back & our @POTUS is fighting back & so R we
Just be QUIET @LindseyGrahamSC You R digging your own grave. We stand by our @POTUS. VOTE HIM OUT South Carolina 2020 MAGA
You and your ilk are what's wrong with Republicans in DC: no team spirit. It's not a game for wild ducks, join the flock and kick some ass.
Oh you mean like how bill treated the office ?
I get that you olds aren't particularly tech-savvy but you have to tag @realDonaldTrump if you want him to see it
No Politician has ever gone through what Trump is going through. Even his own Rep. are not standing with him! I AM & VOTE!
No, I certainly did not vote for him!
I meant @LindseyGrahamSC voted for #OrangeHitler

You look like an honorable woman, GG1J. Sorry for the confusion. 
Closet.
Oh stuff it. YOU R and RINO McCain r the problem
@LindseyGrahamSC Stop being such a ridiculous RINO, or you won't be in office for another term. #RINO #TERMLIMITS
How about doing more than tweeting about this embarrassing president?
Tell the media to stop being so left and biased!!!!
Is  this better Lindsey  1% Graham
Thank you, @LindseyGrahamSC
Graham , shut the "F' up !!! Never Trumpers lost ! We don't want to hear from you !
Where were you goober Graham for 8 years barrack Husain obozo was destroying America! Blah blah blah goober Graham!!
Twas the final straw on why we are no longer respected worldwide #hypocrisy #MAGA #Trumptrain #AmericaFirst #DTS #fakenews #voterfraud #MSM
THEN DO SOMETHING TO STOP HIM!
You are wrong this is why we voted for the great Trump!
If you're worried that we'll find out about all the sleazy things you do around the world, it's too late. We already know. Support Trump.
We need more republicans to support our @POTUS. We The People Elected him just like we elected you. Now do what we elected you to do. 
Lindsey (a girls name)and McCain (an idiots name)if they can't help then get the hell out of the way.Way past their usefulness
You should wake up and realize that the people who put Republicans in the White House aren't the ones screaming about this. Get over it.
The reason I voted for Trump is because he wasn't a lunatic leftists and he wasn't a fkg intolerant Right winger. Get voted out please.
If you and the rest of the #RINOS had the balls to stand up for this administration maybe he wouldn't have to tweet as much.
We love the tweets. Get over it.
As a constituent of yours, aka your boss. I command you protect my freedoms, liberties and nation. Call for impeachment 0800 Monday Morning!
Oh you mean like twisting the story of Benghazi because Al Quada was supposedly on the run?
@realDonaldTrump Keep it up Mr.President! Graham is a fraud!
Senator,436,200 will lose healthcare in the state if Ts Wealthcare passes.MAJORITY in country do not want this bill.LISTEN!VOTE NO.
We did not want a politician for President. He is not proper & dignified, we wanted a rough, tough, rowdy, real person.
Yes, PLEASE step it back up to cigar sex w/interns, running guns in Mexico & denying diplomat's pleas for more security, leaving them to die

WHAT TWEET
What does it say that I have zero clue which of Trump's many dumb/offensive tweets Graham was referring to?
So your President takes Putin at his word that they did not interfere in our election. You are going to let that stand?? #CountryOverParty
You are a Barbie doll with a pull ring. You should be replaced by a real person who won't allow the left to pull your chain.
Delaney and Lindsey you fellows are a nice pair
Shut up RINO
Shut up
You weren't elected in Presidential race by aLONG SHOT because of RINO behavior like thisIf I have anything to say this will your last T
@realDonaldTrump based on comments from  RINO IDIOTS  like Graham I have decided to No Longer Contribute to GOPI give to individualsonly
Just in case you forgot, I'm going to leave this here:
