Sure did change election outcome.
No they did not. Americans voted for Trump. He won the election.
Americans voted for HRC, trump won bc of electoral college, he only won by 80k votes. How many of those believes the Russian prop?
absolutely right.  Their meddling was enough to change the outcome
No it was not. You guys are making loony conclusions from no evidence of any crime. Russia didn't tell Hillary to ignore the rust belt.
Russia's meddling is fact not loony conclusions.
There is no evidence of collusion. None at all
Would it even matter to you if there was? Seriously? Would you even give a fuck?  Seems you're going to be an apologist regardless.
The consistent drumming of hate,  emails, false stories, voter suppression efforts did have an effect.
Hillary committed a crime and used a private email server, jeopardizing our national security. SHE DID THAT. Stop the blaming.
There was fake news on both sides.  Voter ID laws aren't voter suppression. And Russia didn't tell Hillary to not campaign in PA, MI, & WI.
And I don't recall anyone "drumming hate". Maybe Hillary calling tens of millions of Americans deplorable
@LindseyGrahamSC can't say interference didn't change outcome. We don't know how many people changed their vote due to meddling
Do we know this for sure? Can we ever? I know it makes you feel good to say it though. But we need truth for once. Complete truth.
We know Russian help happened, we don't that he could have won without that help. Without out it he may very well have lost.
If we find cheating and collusion were done, cheating is not winning. Cheaters get put out of the game.
Yeah..that's how WE put KILLARY OUT! She was ALL ABOUT CHEATING TO WIN!
Maybe we should talk about how Obama/Clinton interfered in many countries elections which gave other Countries license to act against US.
What do u want to do go to war?
Its so obvious it DID change the outcome of the election! There should be a fair election!!!!
How we will know?? no taxes,  no special prosecutor @GOP are the only ones don't see the need of #SpecialProsecutor #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
There is a "soft coup" being attempted in this country right now. It's an attempt to overthrow the people's choice and govt
Seriously? If you believe this, you are as big a danger to American values as Trump.
Obviously, you put your assurance in hell...typical "Illuminati" cultist. @CBNNews @JimBakkerShow @Daystar @JaySekulow @MarkDice @DewsNewz
We don't need to punish Russia. We need to shore up our defenses. They will always try.
STOP being part of the PROBLEMS in Washington & BE part of the SOLUTIONS in America!! Support OUR President!! Actually DO your JOB for USA!!
You can't say that is true and you have no way to quantify that. Be careful with what you start calling facts...
How can you be so certain Russia did not effect the outcome? Is the investigation over?
@LindseyGrahamSC  The Russians, with trump's collusion, stole the election and you damned well know it.  Check facts on voting fraud.
Hey Lindsey, keep this BS up and we'll have every country that the US meddled in their election coming after us. #PeopleInGlassHouses
And WHO punished US for INTERFERING in ISRAEL ELECTION? GRAHAM can SUPPRT @POTUS OR GO HOME!
Russia has done nothing so far there is no proof of them interfering in the elections.No Russian force the middle class and silent majority
Where the HELL were you when Obama colluded with Russia 2012(I'll be more flexible when I'm VOTED IN)? On VIDEO!!!
This WAS FIRST time to publicly hear 

1) Condemn Russia 
2) Punish Russia 

Where the hell is America? 

@gop put down party badge

GOVERN
Did change the outcome. Nice try. You need to stop talking so much too.
No we do the same to Russia, as we did to Israel, all we can do is move on and get smart have better Comp hackers
@LindseyGrahamSC Explain why the Russia ICA report procedures drastically differed from the IC’s normal procedures.
your choice Mr. Graham you can be a hero? or the GOP will lose control of both houses in 2018 guaranteed !! then your thoughts wont matter
punish them ? how by allowing Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Russia's ambassador into the oval office ?
RU did not hack your election and you know that.Your claim based on the lies. Stop promoting the war with RU @LindseyGrahamSC
Punish Russia?they were just in the goddamn Oval Office having a private party.Graham, are YOU insane too? U must be wearing magic blinders
Cyber security and how to stay ahead of it since it will not go away, should be the priority.  Blaming does not fix it.
Putin has successfully undermined the election process in the US bc both parties are allowing it.  Hacking?  Fix it.
Seriously, punish Russia?  How?  Russia is winning big bc democrats and republicans are fixated on Putin.
I'm from SC and L. Graham needs to put country before party and get an independent investigation done outside of Congress.
There BETTER be a GRAND JURY and indictment before the end of the year. @FBI @CIA @NSAGov @USAO_DC @DOJ_EOIR #COMEY was HRC protector.
stay on Russia the 4 years?
To much to do for America & wasting time & money in this issue. When are you & the Congress approve The Health Care & Tax Reform.Will you
The American people are so so tire of the Russian, is time that you & the Congress do your job. We want Congress working for us.
Uh... Right. Trump's up to his ears in servitude to Putin. U know it, he knows it, Putin knows it and WE know it. Dump trump
Sweet people I lived in DC when Kennedy were ther / girls died. Johnson had girls in WH pool, Clinton blow jobs WH many
How about punishing the people in your party who are just as guilty? Trump and the whole administration. Maybe you and Paul Ryan too
@LindseyGrahamSC He has no idea if outcome was impacted - that is a standard GOP line! We need an independent investigation NOW
See i disagree.
@LindseyGrahamSC How do you come to sure conclusions without investigating thoroughly - need independent counsel
And Obama meddled in Israel and Brexit elections fool. Does the MEDIA try to get Dems elected 24/7/365? I suggest that is FAR WORSE.
Mr. #Graham , "didn't change election", can you please tell us what FACT you're basing that statement on? @realDonaldTrump tell you that?
Punish Russia LMAO, USA does the same shit, Obama and his comments on Israel, Brexit, USA overthrowing governments. Hypocrisy
War monger Graham needs to go along with most of congress!! Everyone of them are incompetent!
Graham has no basis for saying outcome was not affected. That is disingenuous at best. In such a close race, Comey plus Russia changed it.
Graham, why don't you take time to move legislation in Trump agenda not spending your time working with Dems on your agenda
This is downright stupid. 1stt you have no right to accuse Russia of anything. Second where was all the outrage when Russia spread communism
Lindsey, just like trump, retweets a tweet of his quote thinking that gives it some sort of legitimatacy. Makes trump look like an idiot too
Why punishing only Russia? What about Trump? He needs to be impeached for colluding with Russia.
It's so disgusting that you say that WITHOUT evidence. First of all, u can't possibly know that as a FACT! Just stop with this partisan bs.
You do realize Senator anyone with a laptop and can read caught that whole Hillary's Swiss cheese server prob was hacked, 
RUSSIAN FOR COVER
Where is your proof that they did not change the outcome? I want to see it. Anecdotal?
@LindseyGrahamSC we can't move forward until #trumprussia is investigated thoroughly & all involved are held accountable.
@LindseyGrahamSC Not sure how you can definitively make that statement the investigation is not complete.. Special Prosecutor pls
Seems painfully obvious to allot of us that Trump would have Lost National Vote by an even wider margin if Russia hadn't leaked DNC Emails.
But it did, Lindsay.
@LindseyGrahamSC You're wrong. It did. People were influenced by the leaks & its clear as day Trump campaign colluded in leaks.
@realDonaldTrump used the fake stories in his campaign to strike fear & misinformation. #IllegitimatePresident
Dont forget the voter supression in swing states that allowed @realDonaldTrump to win which he is furthering.
Also remember the big 8 in congress were told before election about Russians & McConnell threatened Obama about publically revealing
More than punish Russia #IndependentInvestigation   @gop has been so full of hyperbole, they don't seem to be able to handle real crisis
Can you say with 100% certainty that the outcome wasn't changed?  How about punishing Trump & Co. first and then move on Russia.
The FBI said the didn't do the investigation of that.
How do you know @LindseyGrahamSC that it didn't. Investigation over? Another Repub talking point. When does country take priority over party
What Putin didn't do,Republicans did via gerrymandering/voter suppression. Investigations still ongoing into voting machines.#unhackthevote
Sen Graham, you don't know that Trump didn't collide with Russians to win; seems like he's a Russian asset, like Flynn
Trump always tangles ppl up on "the result". Concede that and nail him down on how to stop it which in turn means investigating it.
THAT is how to nail down Trump! Forget about the result, focus on how to stop it (which means learning how they did it)
'The President called me about this firing, and he referenced the Comey testimony, ...about how bad it was'. That's means for investigation.
@alicia_lupercio only Trumpests believe Russia's propaganda bombardment didn't chg the outcome of US Pres election.
How we know If actually changed the out come? He Interfere with the #RussiaInvestigation U & ur colleges "normalizing everything Trump does
There were NO HACKS FROM RUSSIA. Only LEAKS from a DNC INSIDER who was murdered---Seth Rich! Stop reading/supporting Fake News & Clinton 

DISAGREE. Voters WERE SWAYED by the Russian HACKS, false stories,&PUTIN anti HRC LIES and VOTED because they BELIEVED THE RUSSIAN NARRATIVE!
@LindseyGrahamSC @thehill 
You can't go forward as nation & globalisation will fail until flaws undermining #healthcare addressed

.@LindseyGrahamSC, #FulfillYourOath & call for a special prosecutor to investigate Russia’s election interference 
@LindseyGrahamSC Does that mean we should be on the look out for countries who want to punish the US for political interference?
Graham want to declare war on Russia because Podesta stupidity got him caught in a phishing scam, when are these people going to get real?
Really?  Provide your proof that it didn't change the outcome.  If you pretend to "know", then I call you out as trying to hide something.
Amazing how you ok with Russian press in our WH. Think of the millions spent to prevent this in the past. Now we open the door for them. WOW
Good job Senator LindseyGraham  on MTP :)
But this is really nothing new. They've been doing it for years. Now we expect them to play fair???? Protect our crap & move on!!!!
To that end @LindseyGrahamSC, what will you actually DO about it? Waiting on actions, not words. DJT will never rise to his role. #Impeach
You can say it did not affect the election but know damned well it did
Where is the proof that Russia hacked the DNC? DNC refused to let FBI see their e-mails,so how did int community figure it out!! Come on NBC
I agree about punishing russia but not about the outcome of the election.
@LindseyGrahamSC It changed outcome. Russia stole voter info. They HACKED states/downballots. U dont get 2 keep repeating this BS
@LindseyGrahamSC U don't get 2 say this until the invest. is over! Stop it w/the BS. It's funny how u say this every interview!
@LindseyGrahamSC Oh yes it did change the outcome! Your silence is because 1) you're being blackmailed, 2)you agree or 3)Coward?
We can never know if it changed the election We do know we need a Special Prosecutor now !
@LindseyGrahamSC how can you make that statement? Between Russia and gerrymandering. voters We're stopped from voting in D Dist.
Nah Hillary isnt a crook and a flawed candidate
Putin tipped our election to Trump so replace him for legitimacy w/McCain & Sanders. 25th Amendment does not cover. He will be impeached.
WE ALL AGREE W/ YOU! Suspend payments to UN until Russia is taken off Security Council. @nikkihaley @SenatorJMcCain @SenateMajLdr @SenShumer
How can u possibly know it didn't change the outcome? This is not knowable. To state otherwise is a lie.
@LindseyGrahamSC how can you say the Russians didn't impact election outcome? Where is the proof of that claim?
Graham doesn't have enough since to come in out of the rain. Total jerk!!
Come on....we really do not know what influence they were
But your constituents want an independent investigation. WE want and deserve and independent investigation. 2018 is coming!
RT@paveitblue Follow @mikefarb1 for #unhackthevote Infuriating & crucial info on how vote suppression & theft happened. County-by-County.
Need to punish obstructionist democrats and liberal MSM
With respect @LindseyGrahamSC there's no way to draw the conclusion that Russian interference had no effect on the election
Let's look at all the Russian assets in the GOP. Why does GOP support collusion and corruption?
Graham is utterly wrong. It completely changed the election.
Lets hear about Obama who spied on repub candidates for Pres of USA this is the REAL STORY!
someone should send the Dutch report to Lindsey about Trump Inv in Bayrock and other shady LLCs connected to Russia.
.@LindseyGrahamSC How do you know if #russiagate didn't change election without a FULL independent investigation? @NBCNewsPR
@MeetThePress b) let's try not to stray back into Cold War era politics and attitudes
@MeetThePress a) you can't say with certainty what did or did not affect the outcome of the election
We know that the Clinton Campaign manufacture the whole Russia story, to appease HRC loss.
Russia messes with us and we mess with them! Obama tried to interfere with Brexit vote and French Presidential vote.
He still in denial about 45. What exactly will it take for his eyes to open?
@LindseyGrahamSC they changed it and continue to meddle while republicans like you continue to enable this brainless president.
Your descendants will study you in history and you won't be remembers kindly.
punish Russia?
what are we their mommy?
we interfere with elections all over the world.
You don't know that
@SueLeugersGraham is ridiculous in making a certainty when you don't know this and we will never know how much it changed votes
@LindseyGrahamSC punish Russia how? What do you suggest?
And this comment right here is what shows me that @LindseyGrahamSC is now in the $TrumpClan BC he spouting outright lies. #Trumprussia
Boo-Who payback is hell.
@LindseyGrahamSC  of course the Russians changed the outcome of the election!  Fake News, emails mixed with fake emails!
Critical mass explosion is on the horizon. Buckle up POTUS Pussy Grabber.
Didn't change the outcome? That's bullshit.
@MeetThePress  What change the elections? The Russian letting us know what a dirty campaign Hillary was running?
Which key word triggered the Russia bots?
@LindseyGrahamSC, you sure know how to skirt an issue! The real concern is the @POTUS and his abhorrent behavior in the WH.
Pretty sure Comey testified investigation includes possible criminal action. Graham half truths are lies like Russia no election effect.
Intelligence community analysts stated the effects of Russian interference on election results is an unknown. Love those open hearings!
Yum @LindseyGrahamSC Ya  they did  The rightful President is Hillary
Sharon, are you suggesting that because America wasn't punished for Obama's interfering, It's ok for Russia to interfere with our election?
We need to also place @HillaryClinton in jail for her crimes. Just as importantant. #LockHerUp
Former DNI Clapper on CNN:  "The developments of the past week are disturbing... our democratic institutions are under assault" from Trump."
How do we feel that our WH statement on NK firing another missile says "Russia will not be pleased?" #IndependentInvestigation #PutinPuppet
Graham undercuts his credibility when he says "didn't change the outcome". It would be more honest to say "it is unclear".
or when he sits in a hearing and focuses on "leaks" instead of #trumprussia.
Lindsey- we won't know if it did or did not change the outcome until there is an independent investigation
@LindsayGrahamSC is such a buffoon. How about any evidence; and by the way, not a peep on HRC and uranium bribery.
Where is the proof it did not change the election outcome? Thousands of trolls pushing fake news  probably shifted a lot of undecideds.
IC has said that Russia did have an impact on the outcome of our election. Stop the 'fake news' and tell the truth!
Where is IC proof? Have u seen any,if there were any it would have been leaked by now!! Ask for proof & see what u r told!!!
How do you know it didn't change the election if it hasn't been investigated
Your full of bull$hit!
PUNISH Hillary & Podesta for COLLUDING with Russia & taking MILLIONS of BRIBES!
@LindseyGrahamSC we actually will never know if it changed it or not, this @realDonaldTrump will always have ?s over his legitimacy
Graham seems to want to do the right thing to me. He's walking a tightrope to do it
@LindseyGrahamSC You can't say whether it effected the outcome, nobody can. More proof of bias.
so @LindseyGrahamSC is now knower of all things?  he knows it didn't change the outcome?  #oyvey
Democrats HILLARY & PODESTA, Hillary’s campaign chairman, made MILLIONS off Russians illegally forgot to declare.
Nor can we go forward until we have punished those guilty within the GOP Half of congress committed crimes or lied/covered up #Trumprussia
Just find the Absolute "TRUTH"
How about subpoena tax & bank recs for Drumpf family & all finance cabinet members you bumrushed thru? Ah, REAL civil servants on it anyway.
How can you claim in an election barely won that there was no effect? Watergate had no effect, but you would logically assume this did.
Just find the absolute " TRUTH "
Are you crazy?  You want to start world war instead of punishing the ones you can like Lisa,and Michael and Priscilla ?
@LindseyGrahamSC Sure as hell did change the outcome of the election and the @GOP cheating, crosscheck, & purging will be brought to light
but it did change the outcome of the election..Graham is a fool.
So the Russian hacking made gullible and uninformed people that should have voted for Hillary to vote for Trump instead.  How exactly?
when are you going to understand..this is NOT about voting for Hillary..Not..it's about the one in office that is stealing and grifting
You got to step up further then that Sen Graham it's time to REALLY BE AN AMERICAN.
"It wasn't the bullet that killed him, it was the loss of blood, but the bullet sure as hell tried."
Does even that less-important issue than USS Potemkin WH prevent you from head-up Nunes/Ellis/Chen-Twatnick CORNHOLE, Midge?
I don't care what they say we do not know for sure if the outcome of the election was compromised by Russia more proof needed
Now is a point in US history when we can definitively conclude that Republicans are loyal to the United States of Repub party over the USA
