Lindsey. ACA forces people to buy insurance from private insurers. That's compulsory capitalism, the furthest thing from socialism.
You put your name on a bad bill that will hurt people. Let it go, man. Have some integrity.
For the record the ACA is not great. It's just better than what came before, and what you're currently suggesting.
What if you worked with Democrats to fix problems in the ACA, and give us something even better? What if you... ahem... GOVERNED???
Also, Puerto Rico is in serious trouble, and nobody's even talking about it. Use your platform, Lindsey. Help people, don't hurt them!
Great response. Why is no1 talking about setting rules n regulations so the “for profit” insurance providers charge fairly n protect all
Also, let's remember that insurance companies aren't the only ones driving up healthcare costs.  Providers need to work smarter, harder.
I've been working for a provider for the last year, and I have to say I'm shocked how stretched thin they already are. It's opened my eyes.
And we'll see which one uninsures more people.
That's the problem, Senator. You're a Party guy fixed n Federalism.
Get rid of greedy corporate insurance companies and Pharma who rake Americans over the coals to line their pockets and yours with Millions
I don't think you know what those words mean Lindo
Neither the ACA nor #MedicareForAll are ‘socialism’. If only they were. The real choice is socialism or barbarism; you’ve chosen the latter.
Democratic Socialism. You should look up the word.
You chose....poorly.
NO. You chose to hurt more than 30 MILLION Americans and take their healthcare. You're a #LYING #Disgusting #Hypocrite
Then prove you really believe in it and make a clause requiring congress' benefits to match what you're proposing for other Americans.
SOCIALISM!
Giving all Americans affordable & adequate healthcare isn't socialism, it's good governance, something you clearly don't understand.
Right to life does mean right to be born. It means an equal chance to live a long life. States have shown no inclination to be responsible.
We choose life #ACA , not your death trap #GrahamCassidy 
Just washing your hands of the whole matter when states can’t afford to provide
Oh Lindsey...you're continuing to disappoint me.
the Wall St bailout you voted 4 wasn’t socialism?? So bailing out corporations is more important to you than the welfare of actual people???
That's just desperate! I choose healthcare vs no healthcare!!
Well, it appears You're going to lose because you don't care about the people. You and the Republican party are evil.
Let's say that single payer is socialism, well, there's evidence around the world that single payer works better than private health care.
Federalism may be closer to communism than socialism.  Since we're already socialistic, maybe that's less fascist.
You are making a great argument for socialism.  Your federalism is a pretext for feudalism.
I choose Americanism where we help our fellow Americans. Come on sir quit being a divider we need hope, time to heal, bring us together pls!
Wait arent you against both
Also itd be hilarious if you were against GRAHAM cassidy
We already have sectors prospering from the elements of socialism (banks). Socialism for HC, infrastructure, national resources makes sense.
Maybe the most hyperbolic thing you've ever said. Your bill is no federalist bill. Obamacare is no socialism. You're better than this.
That is a false comparison. U can have both at the same time since Socialism is economics and Federalism is governmental structure.
You go Lindsey. Screw the left. Stand up America!
No! Dont exaggerate. Its coming down to a democracy or a republic. It is time that WE the people now vote on all bills. Reps no longer 4 us.
I think you mean capitalist kleptocracy.
I choose Universal Heslthcare and voting out all hater Republicans. That definitely includes you Lindsey!
I choose not to accept fellow U.S. Citizens dying from preventable/curable ails because they cannot afford medical treatment.
Stop with the labels! Do your job, choose compassion for human life.
I'll take socialism if it means that horrible medical plan your pushing is killed...

Capitalism & profits motives run counter to healthcare needs/reqts. Rather than take h/c away, focus on reducing h/c costs..
Ya picked wrong, Lindsey.
So...is "federalism" still on the table? Cuz we still want socialism.
I think that is spelled FEUDALISM
No, it's coming down to life or death.
I choose the ACA and life.
My sister w just diagnosed with colon cancer that's metastasized to her liver & lungs. Changes to her employer HC will bankrupt her. U @GOP
We are so sorry to hear about your sister. This free guide will help her through her diagnosis:
You are living in another century. America has changed
lol what's it like being a tool?
It a choice between your corporate cronies and healthcare being an autonomic function of society for good of all. Dnt water it down puppet
No thanks, Linds.
We live with socialism every day. Its not scary anymore. Stop throwing out the scare like its the cold war.
I understand that. I don't want socialism either but I don't trust too many state leaders to know or do right thing.
As long as covering pre existing conditions are part of the conversation, you're wrong.
I think u meant to say Fuedalism vs Democratic Socialism
Damn bro. You a drama queen now? Pull your crappy bill, it ain't going to pass anyways
It's coming down to a choice between compassion and cruelty. You chose cruelty. #SavetheACA #SinglePayer
You chose wrong
Make deals with ins. providers in areas with high premiums. Doesn't take a rocket scientist. #Trump campaigned on deal making. #DoSomething
You guys love to spout that federalism like Texas... maybe we should end FEMA and let the states take care of the natural disasters
Our Federal Constitution gives us the right to life. You are a lawyer you know our Bill of Rights. This needs to be settled in the courts
Socialism? US are miles away from anything close to equal rights on things like healthcare, education etc., Ever been outside the US?
And how about ready to Bill were the state you represent pasia not the federal government
That's going to piss off Corporate America. They depend on socialism.
Are you ready to retire yet?
It's socialism or death.
You are starting to sound like a programmed robot, with Koch brothers and big money pushing your "speak" button
I'll take the socialist medicine please, thanks in advance
Do you convince yourself of your own lies before you share them?
You're being disingenuous. There r ways to alter/fix ACA.  This is fear mongering . Work across the isle or step aside for those that will.
Hmmm the whole gop appears to have chosen treason to gain illegitimate control of the country...pardon me if I don't believe a word u say
I choose to move to your state just so I can volunteer to help get you removed from office
I choose Socialism
No, it's a choice between life or death for many right now...
Yessss....agreed!! But the sad thing about it is HE DOES NOT GIVE A DAMN ABOUT HOW SOME OF US ARE FIGHTING FOR OUR LIVES INCLUDING ME!!!
LEMME GET UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
And you're wrong. Work with the D's and get something done
You're a fucking con man like your punk buddy @realDonaldTrump . You know we're already Socialist Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, etc.
Is your definition of Socialism caring if people die without care and Federalism that you give big donors a tax cut? If so, then I'm no Fed.
I'll take socialism please. We did it once and it was great, time to do it again.
its a choice between quality of life & death.U'd know if U had the same shty insur others have.Take away UR jnsur & then tell us how great .
whatever happens the all of congress and all federal employees must also adhere
America needs to choose better leaders.
You are delusional
No! You're generalizing the issue. Your healthcare bill is not good. Socialized healthcare doesn't mean Socialism.
So you're on the #Putin talking points email chain too Lindsey? I'm so disappointed in you.  You'll never even see the kids your plan kills
Lindsey. You can't give someone SPAM and call it chicken. Start over and this time think before you react.
You are not choosing Federalism. You are choosing meanness.
Does federalism mean "lying"? Because you're lying about your awful bill.
Oh weird, I choose the side where everyone is guaranteed healthcare
Socialism all day binch

I chose a new senator
Actually it’s no choice at all.  Bipartisanship is needed.
Socialism is the method of which your wages are paid.
And I chose to protect my baby girl, who has a pre-existing condition. Hopefully you will as well Sen Graham.
You made a fool of yourself on CNN tonight. Also, Cassidy is just plain scary looking and sounding. I used to think you were reasonable.
Don't play the socialism card sir. It's not only a lie, it also diminishes you. This whole escapade has already dented your reputation.
Will being the dumbest senators among many dumb senators still be covered under Graham-Cassidy?
I disagree with your premise.
It's coming down to giving a damn about people vs. towing the Party line straight down to Hell. We choose giving a damn!
I chose socialism
You got owned, dude
I choose socialism

#trysocialism
"No true Federalist."
But for reals.
No you chose a lousy solution. Please go back to work and create a bipartisan answer to this enormous problem.
How about we work on the reasons why the insurance companies are increasing prices so much? Hmmmn.
STFUP
Thank God, you lose
It is really about neither federalism or socialism. It is about the lives of people!! It is GOP who is making this 100% about politics.
NO, you're actually choosing greed over people.
Graham its coming down to what right and what’s corrupt racist fascist corruption in the Republican Party. You will be voted out if office
14 states spend less than 10% of TANF block grant $ on direct aid to recipients, you expect them to do something different with healthcare $
It's a decision between healthcare and no healthcare
I choose humanism, where we take care of each other.
You do know the Federalists were the original supporters of big, centralized government, right?
My dad says you are a fucking idiot for attempting to sentence me and many others to death. I agree with him. Fuck you.
That's a funny way to spell Barbarism
It comes down to GREED and CHARITY!  True Christians know the difference Senator!!
But...Federalists also support a strong central government and oppose state rights.  Are you sure you're using the right word?
Not it isn’t. Not even close. Please review the damn Constitution before getting this silly.
You horrible man
Senator, I chose healthcare for all. You ,sir,are making a political deal without regard for lives. As an RN I saw it first hand.
Disagree! More like Communism under this GOP Administration!
What is happening to our country? GOP is destroying it. America chooses democracy
Quit trying to buy votes- you're embarrassing yourself.
You hate Americans Mr. Graham - ALL of you in the protected political class do your donor's bidding. #MedicareForAll
It's like you don't even CARE about the millions who will lose health coverage & lives w/ #GrahamCassidy . We are not ants under your boot.
Another totally false choice. "States Rights" is just another way to say injustice and discrimination and you know it.
When do you plan to relinquish YOUR tax-payer provided full coverage?oh, that's right, you get to keep it. #hypocrite #grahamcassidykills
It's coming down to a hard choice between compassion vs cruelty. 
I chose compassion. #NoGrahamCassidy 
Fixed it for you.
That's a false choice and false statement.
"YEAH!! FEDERALISM!" said literally no one ever
Federalism that wd deny my son coverage or make asthma $1400 a year more expensive while we provide you health care and we face bankruptcy.
Socialism?? You will never be President. Stop trying to make yourself relevant at our expense.
Lindsay, you're mistaken.
You have no idea what socialism is to say that
Your voters arent smart enough to know the diff. They just think "socialism bad".
No. That is nonsense. There is a solution in the middle, and killing people isn’t Federalism. This ain’t 1789.
Look at medical care in states that didn’t expand. You think they can run it well? 50 different sets of rules in 1 country. NUTS!
does "federalism" mean "kill the poor and disabled" 
That’s because you have good insurance!
I like Socialism
I'm gonna go with socialism, thanks
Error, the choice is between integrity and cowardliness.
Socialism
It's already the 1% against the 99%!
I choose helping my neighbors live. I have great insurance. It may not always be there though.
"Socialism"? GOP hyperbole. Obamacare was based on Republican health-reform ideas. If you call EVERYTHING socialism it loses its meaning
No it's not. The AMA and every other health care group is against it. The AMA is about as far from Socialism as one can get.
Nope. It’s a choice of life or death #fact
To have the right to live healthy or just to live in the wealthiest country on earth should not be attached to the size of your wallet.
Have you considered that socialism is in fact cool and good?
delete your account
Well that's painting lipstick on a pig.
You chose wrong! It's a real pity that you put Party before People! All because a bunch of old white racists want to stick it to Obama!
You had 7 years to work with Democrats to come up with a decent plan !&  it still hasn't happened. You need to get your priorities straight
Sponsoring this bill = Worried about getting hammered in the primary.
Healthcare for all is not socialism.  It’s compassion.  Prioritizing healthcare for US citizens should be your goal!  Sad that it isn’t.
You misspelled feudalism
Barbarism.
Lindsey why you don't have the audacity to talk about the money you are taking away from healthcare and why? openly with the Americans.
How is it socialism to force everyone to have PRIVATE non-government-run insurance?

Offering individual deals to individual states to woo individual senators is WRONG. Flawed policy begets flawed tactics. Do better, Senate.
Better watch out kids the socialist boogiemen are coming. Best healthcare systems in world (outcomes AND price) are socialist, coincidence?
What a disappointment you are becoming
Weird, I've never seen somebody spell "murder" with an F.
Dude what the heck?
I don't think #GrahamCassidy understand Federalism = Fascism & ignorance which let's insurance companies getaway with exploit communities.
Socialism, i choose socialism.
Bull. You choose to suck up to big donors and screw your constituents.
Your little Hail Mary trotting out old Bernie isn't going to work. Pull in your fangs.
It's "Socialism vs Barbarism" actually
One socialism, por favor.
It's nothing of the sort and you know it. Stop lying about #GrahamCassidy #trumpcare.
And the "red scare" tactic is prettttyy lame. Try harder.
So you choose big government.

Because that's what the Federalists believed in
It's coming down to people dying needlessly vs. tax cuts. Have you no compassion?
We want socialism you old goat
I think you meant living or dying. You authored for death.
Lindsey why aren't you eager to give healthcare to all Americans the way you were eager to give our money to Israel.
You forget WHO's paying for your healthcare, Grandpa.
Golly, wonder which we should choose?
You should be ashamed to attach your name to the worst bill in the history of healthcare. You're such a disappointment Lindsey Graham
Get it together man!
You mean a choice between healthcare for all any your disgraceful bill.
No, it is a choice between honor and dishonor and you have chosen the latter.
Will your worry about the cost of Medicaid, should your mean-spirited bill not pass, extend to the cost of tax cuts for the rich?
That's not Federalism, that's Corporatocracy.  The US should make "PROMOTE THE GENERAL WELFARE" a a priority!  #CostCaps #MedicareForAll
Lindsey, politics based on malice won't be around forever. one day the Americans will stand up for what is right.
Tossing out labels doesn't improve this bill. America deserves better!
you don't know what either of those words mean apparently. just retire already.
A bipartisan solution is the only one the American people will accept.
COMING DOWN TO LIFE AND DEATH, OBAMACARE SAVES PEOPLE, YOU WANT TO KILL THEM FOR MONEY, AS SIMPLE AS THAT
NO MR. GRAHAM IT’S BOUT YOU R DONORS PUTTING PRESSURE ON U BECAUSE THEY WON’T GET A TAX BREAK..REALLY SAD HOW LOW U HAVE GONE..RETIRE
we choose socialism
We would very much like socialism please
