Do u know what blow back u will get if u fix DACA before ACA, tax reform, wall etc..? Do you want to lose your JOB?
Rather than make a case about DACA,make a law that allows them to be here. Otherwise, the current law says, they don't belong here.
Some of these "kids" are 26 yrs old.
And? What difference does that make? Employed non criminals who've been here since chilhood...IDC if they're 50 years old. Why do you?
They were here illegally and Obama illegally gave them a TEMPORARY reprieve.  Obama left them hanging now order will be restored.

How can an American President be so cruel? #DACA
DACA needs to go! It is a scam like Lindsey Graham!
And your point is... That's not the question-Pres. Obama broke the law ... period.
I sure hope so.
@CBNNews God said love each other John 15:12. But Lev. 18:26,Exd. 10:20,Num.15:15,30 strangers obey our laws. Chg law or leave

You're rewarding their parents illegal action.
They are PEOPLE. Not prizes to use to reward or punish someone else.
Does your case involve what is legal?
Because many don't speak the language of their original country and have no connections there. Employed in the US to homeless in Mexico.
And that is my problem because?  Their parents broke our law and caused the mess.
Lindsey I hope you are voted out ASAP!
LG - what a weak person.. a real nerd...
I wish you'd be as passionate about Americans losing their healthcare because they can't afford Ocare.
#daca is unconstitutional violation of existing immigration law that obama, reid, pelosi failed2 fix in 2008. #ByeByeDACA
No they don't. DACA is Unconstitutional. We owe American children their dreams first. Obama broke the law when he allowed DACA.
I know you are trying to encourage DT,but I'm afraid he isn't a"good man"So you are going to have to make this right by yourselves.
Since you care so much why did you vote against the Dream Act in 2010? Because Dems would get credit that's why! What a hypocrite!
Pass the law congress .. its on your shoulders do nothing congress .
Well then, see if you can resist the urge to tack on unwinnable BS to the bill. Want to help these kids? Pass a clean bill. Dare you.
Thank you, Senator. Pass #DreamAct2017 as a standalone bill. Don't muck it up with the wall or other immigration issues.#ProtectDreamers NOW
Please pass a bill for a wall and don't muck it up with a dreamer bill. See how that looks from the other side?
Make it happen! We support the DREAMER'S both Republicans and  Democrats
I think many do but the free college for dreamers was a bit too far. Hopefully common sense will prevail with Americans the winner in reform
@AbigailCBN http://hispanicactionnetwork.com/response-white-house-rescinding-daca-program/ …
DACA is AMNESTY!
If you're here illegally, you don't have a case. End of story. Go to your country and state your case. Americans First !

Goodlatte: Obama said 22 times he lacks power to change immigration law | PolitiFact Virginia http://www.politifact.com/virginia/statements/2016/apr/25/bob-goodlatte/goodlatte-obama-said-22-times-he-lacks-power-chang/ …
It's amazing how screwed up our government has made everything. Dems, Reps, judges, u can't make it up. It's the "King of Hearts" for real.
Give the GOP a job that benefits legal Americans they cant do it in 7+ years, but something to benefit illegals they say give them a month??
Fix the future Daca problems 1st then the DACA
The Dreamers that are or have been involved in crimes should be deported. Others that can meet immigration requirements should stay
Research this carefully, most recipients are children, 22% have been involved in criminal activities with 3200+being gang related, exe..
Bullshit - DACA reciepients are by definition not criminals. They can't renew with criminal records.
Make the case and please DO something @LindseyGrahamSC to provide a path to citizenship; permanent status ... some meaningful reform!! #DACA
you can make whatever case you want. Fact is Obama broke the law with daca and congress didn't do anything. Trump reversed it as he should
Going to have a harder time making the case as to why I have to pay for them!
#LyinRyan
#RinoRyan
#LyinTed
#TedSnooze
#BitchMcConnel
#FlimseyGraham
#JohnMcLAME
#RINOS
#VoteThemOut
#SorosPuppets
#DeepState
#VoteThemOut
Time to make Dreamers " Mexican Again" MDMA(thats funny) !
Certainly. Make the case that illegal foreigners should be favored over American citizens. Be sure to put your name on it, also.
STOP CALLING THEM CHILDREN Theyre grown ADULTS! WHY havent they applied 4 citizenship? Trump COULD HAVE CXLD it ALL TODAY! ITS NEVER ENOUGH!
You are a RINO Lindsey!  I hope everyone votes you out!  Traitor!  Put Americans first!

Lets not forget that conman Obama was the one who created this unconstitutional mess because he was pandering for votes.  That was CRUEL.
WORTHLESS CONGRESS NEEDS TO START DOING THEIR JOBS. INSTEAD OF BLOWING CRAP PUT OF THEIR MOUTHS AND STUFFING THERE BANK ACCOUNTS.
Stop kicking the can down the road and bagging the president for help on something that should've been taken care of long before he came in
Lindsey, remind me which side you are on! I can no longer tell!
How about Lindsey Graham and the rest of the Senate and Congress do the job they should've done 20 years ago and solving immigration
#defendDACA don't let this government get away with the Racist Agenda. Cruel and Immoral. Trump is a Racist. #TrumpRacism #TrumpTowerMoscow
. Give it a rest Gramnesty. They can get in line like the rest of the millions of people who want to emigrate to our great nation.
They don't believe here! We R a nation of laws! Obama again made a mess out of DACA! We have children here legally that R in desperate need
Congress & Senate do nothings are uaeless! Illegal immigration is unconstitutional! It's in your lap! You could have done anything  30 yrs?
"Kids"- average age 26.
one) big tech don't care about any kids ever, why now? cheap labor, avoiding taxes, corporate welfare or all three. two) crony politician
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCWoa9OmiuQ …
We didn't ruin anyone's lives their parents did. Enforce the laws of our country that includes the Clintons also enforce all laws
Don't worry dreamers, the guy who would deny health care to 25million Americans has got your back! #WithFriendsLikeThese
Deserve? No people who waited in line for years followed the rules paid fees DESERVE Not illegals
https://twitter.com/TRIPPBABY2424/status/905148030248251392 …
If doing the right thing for America was truly at the top of your agenda, congress & senate would have come back as soon as Harvey hit. Wow
DACA and all illegals need to be deported!
If the kids are in so is the family pure attempt on our sympathies. No DACA!
I was life long Dem. Don't worry about Dems, as they will not pick up anything in the 35 states that voted Trump in 2018. They are branded.
Since Trump & Sessions care about the law above all else I would like Jeff Sessions Removed from the DOJ. He LIED to Congress twice and
The #daca issue is do they belong. And for that we need to follow the treaty that governs this.
remove Ryan as Speaker on the spot if he tries, and failure to do so is as good as voting for an amnesty bill without wall.
that passes with Dems and a few Republicans, leaving rest to claim they did not vote for it. (or other con games). Those Republicans can
We will primary them if they vote amnesty without wall and e-verify, so it is DOA. Will not fall for Ryan being allowed to bring for a vote
Only one Republican has a national mandate, and that is Trump. You may not be up for reelection in 2018, but all House Republicans are.
Voters defeated you & Bush etc in the primaries n great part because we reject your amnesty without border being PERMANENTLY secured first.
I am very happy to see Comrade Graham working so hard to keep 800,000 future democrat voters in the US.
They do belong, but the wall (permanent and most effective border security) first or no amnesty at all. Will NOT be duped 4th time.
All legislation must pass both House and Senate. Senators advocating things they know House won't pass are playing con games & voters know.
House Republicans know this, know they will be primaried, and know we have power to do it in 35 of 50 states, and will!
Voters are hip to who allows legislation to come for a vote, and to good cop /bad cop routines. Fund wall, or no amnesty at all!
Any House member who even "allows" an amnesty vote without funding wall WILL be primaried. Wall alone secures high traffic areas.
They still won't vote Republican...ever just bussed in future Democrats... why sale your party out?
Why not allow Dreamers to stay and apply for citizenship. Those under 18 to have parents/caretakers stay as well. Anymore coming in refused.
That would be rewarding the parents illegal actions. Fine/jail/deport the parents at least, then let the children stay as Americans
@POTUS case: I rob a bank and finance my sons successful business with the $ I should go to jail & he returned to prior theft! #DACADreamer
President Donald J Trump is a genius!!!
I can't wait to see who supports amnesty legislation. It will make removing RINOs a piece of cake!
This will be your last term Lindsey you really screwed up now with that wall comment you'll be voted out
They are not kids
So you weren't for it when Obama proposed it and you are now against it when Trump rescinds it? We elected him knowing this was his srance!
No empty statements, no tacking to other bills, no bs, no delay. Y'all better fix this ASAP. The vast majority is damn tired of this crap.
Why are you talking to the press you need to get to work and start making a difference it's your job to make the law
The American people are speaking loud and clear and they are NOT in favor of DACA. Social Media is siding with POTUS!!!
Republicans pass Obamacare repeal and tax reform before DACA reform. Relief for US citizens must be come first!

Illegal kids allowed to keep what their illegal parents steal? Illegals take healthcare, housing, education from US kids.
Idiot!
And what about children that armor is here have you seen Saint Joe's Indian school in the dakotas have you seen all the abortions
Where is your compassion man where is your hat Hart at man do your d*** job
We will have a terrorist attack and it will be you fault and the other dopes voting for this bill giving amnesty without wall to 20 million
One last thing Trudeau cut a deal with Russia to take chechnyan into Canada and during Harvey Chinese illegals caught at border.
just another example of libs disregard for law. Obama walked on const. If it's legal I'm 4 it if not pay price.
The letter I sent GOP is being rewritten and will be distributed in South Carolina, Arizona tomorrow
These people do not Be long here the system is not broke you at fail to do your job all these years don't blame this on nobody else
100% of the dreamers have better English language abilities than Jim Lamar.
Once you give 20 million amnesty ,they aren't voting for you they are all liberals . Laugh when your voted out .
They don't belong here and I use to believe in you as well. They came illegally via parents
And now we should fit the bill for them to stay? They have Mexico, etc to go back to
Because incumbents don't believe or -care- 4 #constitution . You will believe in the vote start packing time is up 4 U next election cycle
Have you realized your stuoid sanctions don't work. Because of Slaves an money leaving this country.we will have missiles in Iran,Venezuela
We need defensive missiles and a wall . Otherwise when they sneak a chemical weapon, bomb or a nuke thru that open border .you will own it
TRUTH IS THESE DACA PEOPLE ARE NOT KIDS & HAVE NO ALLEGIANCE TO US SO REPRESENT THE AMERICANS WHO PUT YOU IN OFFICE & PROTECT THERE INTEREST
Instead of securing this country your catering to illegals for votes , while jeapardizing the safety of this nation.
BOT!
I sent GOP a detail letter ,you are giving amnesty to 20 million , 11 million was the total in 2012 .
They only belong here if they want to become US citizens. They should be given that option. If not, then they should be deported.
Well Graham we don't care, That's why Trump President and you'll never be,
We must stand together as a nation and insure that you loose any re-election attempt Shame on you for being @POTUS puppet you will not win
Why don't u worry more about the illegals in Houston & FL instead of w/happens to illegals in 6mths. Maybe fit in a few Americans to. Thanks
No Wall, No Daca
Do taxes first or all of you will pay next election also healthcare before DACA what about Americans
Get off the KIDS bandwagon, the point is if they stay the parents that committed the crime did so with intent for them,parents, to stay. Cya
Please do it and dont just talk about it.
They need to work on taxes and healthcare before working on DACA
Yeah how about the American citizens first for a change.  Do you damn job!
Kids?! They are ADULTS. Further, where the hell was your hysterical push for repeal & replace to help LEGAL AMERICANS withering under OCare?
The 800k Figure is Bogus, estimated 3 mil can qualify for DACA Amnesty.  Political Suicide for GOP to Vote to Legitimize 3 mil Democrats.
These issues are shining the light on those who have no respect for our laws. These are the ones who need to go in 2018
Good job Lindsey. You are doing the right thing.
My parents robbed a bank Lindsey, can I keep the money? I didn't rob the bank it was their fault!
literal cuckoldry, not surprising from Lindsay
Rehttps://twitter.com/vikingmother123/status/905152505952260096
This is an opportunity for Graham and Congress to do something besides flapping their gums. This is Congress' job, and their responsibility.
#LindseyGraham, #UndocumentedDemocrat
How about making a case that American kids deserve to dream & have jobs!!! THIS is why you will never be president!!!
Love this @LindseyGrahamSC
Then WORK with Dems and get this fixed.  Governing by presidential fiat doesn't work for ANYONE.
Send the Dreamers back home FREELOADERS.Take care of the USA people and Veterans First. Send home the FREELOADERS. USA will save Billions.
First, how many do you think are covered by the 14th Amendment? If any? And do you consider their kids covered by 14th precedents (bad or..)
Love me some @LindseyGrahamSC
But yet they could care less about the American people and continue stab our president in the back.
Ok you may have redeemed yourself! Now make it happen!
America first law n order
Like pardoning a racist guilty sheriff?
