Dem's in Congress not the only ones. Obama still putting his mouth on it. #TheLongGoodbye
SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME
destabilizing the market and sabotaging ACA was the express intent of Trump (who you now seem happy to cover for/defend against FBI probe).
I'm so disappointed in you.This whole thread- politics clearly mean more to you than the health of SC citizens.Be better
I used to think @LindseyGrahamSC  was a good man working to help make a better SC. If I had known then what I know now...#bebetter
You can fix #ACA a lot faster than start over w the bills in House and Senate that take us back 30 years...
YOU and your republican cohorts are "collapsing" it. You can fool some of the people some of the time but not all people all of the time!
Report after report says otherwise. And you haven't done a thing to offer a fix.
They voted without a CBO report - how does Lindsey even know?  He's trying to save face for his party under a bad reputation as traitors now
You're a liar just like Trump.
COUNTRY OVER PARTY!!!!!!!!!! WE DEMAND IT! NO GOP WILL BE RE-ELECTED.....THAT IS A FACT!
.Colllapse can be averted, just as the arc of history can be bent towards justice. Be part of the solution.@POTUS44 @NancyPelosi
If it suddenly collapses it's because republicans did everything possible to interfere with it's funding!
ACA is only in danger because of Trump-Republican efforts to sabotage it.
Only because Rebulicans are not funding properly..people are more informed than you think!
GOP you had seven years to improve health care and you came up with worse health care plan possible! Shameful
Grow a pair and a soul! Stop making the rich wealthier on the backs of poor and working Americans! Trickle down economics NEVER work! Shame!
and @LindseyGrahamSC refuses to acknowledge @GOP role in withholding mandated #ACA funding during Obama Presidency. #Extortion17
Due to your immoral inaction
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
It's only collapsing in republican led states. These states have had 7 years to  "fix" whatever was wrong?
Well when Republicans actively sabotage it then yes, that may happen. I hope your constituents vote you out
@axgal12 I'll be doing my part to make that happen!!
Thank you Lisa!
Because it's not! STOP the Repub hysteria!
Can't go soon enough!!!!
God bless you, Sarah! Thanks for trying to get him to see the light!
Thanks to @SenateGOP taking away $$ that was 2 cover insur company losses. They lost $, U didn't pay, they raised premiums/deduct or left.
That is a lie. Might as well call what the House passed the American Death by Tax Cut Act. Do your job and protect SC from this travesty.
Then maybe it should be fixed. Improved upon. Make yourselves look humane for once. O forgot, that's against the party line. Nevermind.
Lie! 
I know 45 is president and all, but wishing smth were true still doesn't make it fact. This is a lie or wishful thinking.
Liar
Is your family on the verge of losing healthcare? Probs not.
It isn't just dems having a hard time swallowing this attack... It's EVERY American that's having the rug pulled out from under them.
1) Pay attention Sir, obstruction is occurring!
2) You're wrong.
So stop crying wolf and let it happen if you're so sure.
I think they are well aware, but not willingly to comprise to some wacky bill that was rushed.
And Republicans in Congress refuse to face up to the fact that there is a madman in the White House.
So is the republican majority.  Voters with illnesses vote!  There was a time you despised #45. How much has he paid you?
It's only collapsing where it wasn't accepted.
Fix it, don't repeal it!
Because Trump is causing the collapse instead of correcting the issues...
Due to willful Republcan sabotage. Which hurts ALL Americans, regardless of party. GOP could have tweaked. They chose to destroy.
No what's on the verge of collapse is your career as SC representative. U don't care about the people of SC, all U care about is your money
It needs to be modified to be much more affordable. Insurance industry can stabilized with modified programs. Stop yelling death spiral too.
You lie. You can starve a child but that doesn't mean they died of natural causes. You put Party over Country. Shameful!
Work to make it better not to kill it. Forget the name is Obamacare and maybe you can understand.
All knew it had problems but the GOP thought it easier to hate & make Obama 1 term president. Thank Mitch & GOP for 7 years of hate & waste.
You lie.
It needed to be tweeked, but then AGAIN YOU HAVE DIFFERENT HEALTHCARE RIGHT! So twist that
Don't kid a kidder, Senator. @HouseGOP refused to work with @HouseDemocrats; AHCA bill lets Obamacare implode. How many will die as result?
Say bye bye to ur friends. 2018 might be mostly Democrats.
You love "collapse," but you don't know that. Let it play out, as you say, or be hounded with deaths via Trumpcare.
your a Graham but you are no Christian!
because republicans have taken away its funding!!!! How do you live with yourself?
Will you face the fact that your time as senator is on the verge of collapse? You are a traitor to the American people.
Nice try, no attempt to work together, no hearings, no seeking input like the Dems did for 8 months with ACA. Tell the truth!
So be the one to fix it, you have the intelligence, the clarity & heart to do it. Pull together begging you.
and yet here I am! With insurance through the ACA! Getting the healthcare I need! Incredible!
And it's the Republicans who gave broken the government you do often criticize. Why not get to the root of the problem - GOP.
Get rid of rhe mentally unstable Trump.amd get someone who takes laws and government seriously & wants to do.it from the middle. He's cruel
You need to get real.  You need to fix Obamacare not destroy it.  What passed today is the result of a mentally unstable man wanting a win
that's blatantly false. insurers are exiting the exchanges because of the GOP threats. Strengthen them!!
I think they hear us now!
WRONG & you know this!
Republicans in Congress refuse to face up to the fact that Trumpcare is a death warrant for millions.
Because the republican governors made it so! Because the greed of insurance and not caring about the middle class.
Y'all NEVER even tried to help make it better. You'd rather people suffer for cheap political victory. Shame.
Alternative facts
Republicans were never willing to work to fix obamacare... and now you're asking for help?... NOoooooo....
And you and @GOP refuse to believe your President and his cronies are colluding with Russia. Makes you all just as guilty as they are.
Medicaid for all. Take profit out of saving lives.
Hypocrit! That is enough said
Oh yes- because it was neglected by current GOP lead WH. It could have been improved but you decided to play God instead for $
Tell the truth, the health insurance industry wants the ACA to fail.
no actually obama and dems said that there is improvements to make. You fucking won, what r u going to do to improve it?!!!

And your party fucked us all to prove a meaningless point.
Thanks to ceaseless efforts of YOUR party, it may collapse. Your fault.
I'm a fortune teller that can feel the future! I predict the future with my gut, not my brain! #ACA @LindseyGrahamSC
Democrats in Congress refuse to face up to the fact that Obamacare is on the verge of collapse. (4/7)
Why can't the American people get the same health coverage that all the politicians have???
Man, and after I'd just started believing you were an actual honest Republican.
Just stop you republicans just did what you all bitched about with the democrats #hypocrites
You've been a real trooper  but Republicans in Congress refuse to face up to the fact that the US presidency is on the verge of collapse.
Because of rapacious old cynics like you, Lindsey. Own it.
B/c the GOP sabotaged it so it would. Absolutely Shameful. I thought some of ya'll had honor and integrity, so disappointing to be wrong.
Trump should have let it implode completely while Dems just keep talking about how great it is.  Then let Dems explain why it didn't work.
Letting it "fail" will doom millions of people while you all sit around and speculate
Obamacare is on the verge of collapse because republican state governments refuse to fund it and congress refuses to fix it
You own it now. It's all on you and we're watching.
Liar. #GuillotineTheGOP
To be clear, the ACA did not collapse, and the current problems are a direct result of GOP obstruction.
Weird that there are robust options in BLUE states, but not red states, eh? Dozens of options on the California market.
Mr
 Graham you are getting sucked into the deception and lies and half truths of this President.
The only reason markets are becoming shaky is because Republicans & Trump are making it happen, if we're honest.
It's only collapsing becsuse the new administration and GOP stated publicly, time & time again, they wanted it repealed.
Lindsey- I am a physician who knows AHCA will provide less coverage for current Obamacare patients. Sleep well sir, the sick will not.
And stripping 24 million Americans of their healthcare coverage is your answer? Culling the herd of "losers" are you? Despicable.
Exactly which side are u on mrs graham?? Hard to tell as u & ur hubby john mccain r slamming Repubs every chance u get. hypocrites will Fail
History doesn't reward political victories, it rewards improvements in the human condition
You & the GOP wanted it to fail. You could have proposed fixes. Instead you condemned it because it was attached to Obamas legacy.
Republicans in Congress refuse to face up to the fact that Trump is on the verge of collapse. (69/69)
#MARINE2017
Pure evil.
Why should it?
Once again, he's a pompous ass #LetsFlipLindsey
Then come up with something better! This ain't it!!!
That is a lie..not an alternative fact... don't do this to yourself-
Because you plan to sabotage it.....
Bull
Well see yes we do but this bill is something any republican should be ashamed of kinda like being dumb enough to vote 45 in? Like you?
It is not. This is a lazy lie to drum up support for your efforts to get your big donors money. Give us single payer.
Trumpcare doesn't help people. It excludes them and harms them.
Tell that to your butt buddy McCain, he was trashing the bill 5 minutes after vote. You both need to just switch parties and be done with it
Work together and improve ACA don't use your power to devastate the sick, the old and the poor.  Come on, you know better!
Shame on the GOP!
Republicans in Congress continue to ignore the FACTS that the ACÁ has expanded coverage to millions #ProtectOurCare
Then fix it but don't repeal it.  Shame on all of you.  If you vote no, then you need to convince others to do the same
A condition that Republicans allowed in not FINING insurance co's for leaving exchanges as stated in Ocare phase 3

Just another thing you have damaged/obstructed, along with your all-in buddy, Trump.
As are economists and most Americans
No, they just wanted to FIX instead of repeal.
Only because you and the #gop are sabotaging it.
If the ACA is collapsing it is your job to fix it.  What you did today is not fixing it.
Shame on you!
Fuck you
Good Job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why didn't Republicans even *try* to fix Obamacare? They just poke holes in the ship and complain about it sinking.
Then repair it!
Only because the @GOP crippled it #gophypocrisy
Only because the GOP has caused so much controversy that states, insurance companies and clients don't know what to expect. #2018
My car needs new tires.  I guess I should just buy a new car instead of taking care of that issue.
The only reason ACA is "collapsing" is because you and ur GOP buddies undermined it by killing risk corridors, etc. Own it, you liar.
It's not a fact and you know it.
Mr Graham, Y don't u explain Y Obama care is "failing". I think public needs detailed info as to Y. Seems like u have joined  PROPAGANDA!
Not according to the @USCBO  or the national association of actuaries.
It's not in California or New York! My parents premiums went down and now are investing more in the economy because they can!!!
If it doesn't pass the Senate - let Obamacare fail. Let the people know just how their dems think about them.  Shameful - that what they are
WTF did you just attempt to say? Just babbling
I just lost 30 seconds of my life trying to understand the babble.
I know it is hard to understand things - that is a requirement of the democrats.why do you think they are revered to as Dimms? God bless.
Thank you deplorable.  May the Devil be with you.
God bless you, and all the Dimms. You'll need it.
You too!  But really we should work together.  We all are losing. Peace.
I agree - but dems in congress won't let it go. Then they start acting childish and bullying. This is shameful. Hillary needs to stop, too.
Under Rs' hands, yes. Does ACA need some tweaking, yes. The House just voted in true death panels, 2 save money by letting people die. Shame
Because it's not, as you well know. But go ahead, lay the groundwork for voting for a disaster.
So proud of them!
Doing away w/ pre-exist conditions, NOT the answer. My child needs coverage for type 1 diabetes that he didn't cause himself!
Tell senator Portman that. He'd disagree w this
REPUBLICANS WILL SUFFER THE CONSEQUENCES IN 2018. So keep on spewing lies
Your shtick of screaming that the government is broken and then doing everything in your power to break is getting really old.
Because @GOP has sabotagd it & you know it. If y'all didn't hate obama so, you could've worked together & improved a very good Health C bill
Because you'd rather kill it instead of fix it.
People who use Obamacare now on the verge of collapse.
So that means you are going to vote yes? You do not care for the people of SC
We are all screwed. Not just SC.  Feel your pain.
So is your party!
RAPE IS A PREEXISTING CONDITION, YOU UTTERLY REPUGNANT HUMAN BEING.
How much are they paying you to destroy the middle class, marching us to despotism, senator?  Do you even have the COB score
Be a leader and work across the aisle to fix it. Any moron can sit back and point out problems - only the best do anything about it
Market uncertainty from the GOP trying to repeal without a plan for eight years will do that... let's put the blame where it belongs.
No Sen. They're worried at the disgusting replacement, the 800 million tax break, the increased charges for older people. Don't fail America
Maybe because the CBO claims it's viable?
If it's such a deal,  why are politicians exempt?
I'll ask again. Why not help Dems fix the ACA
You have celebrated killing americans. The GOP has chosen party over country again. Revolution is coming you chose the wrong side
Stop lying.
Also, you're a complete liar. It's not collapsing, you're trying to kill it (as well as millions of people that depend on it).
I wasn't a fan of Obamacare, but this here y'all are doing is a shambles. Y'all should be ashamed. Back to the drawing board 4 some sense.
The new bill won't improve anything! How about we actually use Obamacare correctly and stop trying to sink it
ACA
And Republicans refuse to face up to the fact that 2018 will be the verge of their collapse.
Oh PLEASE!  You want to give millionaires a tax break. We are a poor state and you are hurting us.  SHAME!
Anxious to see any member of congress with pre existing condition use thi system.  Oh that's right you are exempt! Sad day
No, false. @USCBO said ACA/Obamacare is stable. WH/Congress can starve it of $ to kill it, but that just hurts the ppl who need healthcare 
No it is not ask the experts. The damage the GOP has done to the ACA has damaged it. Blocking the Aetna deal hurt the most.
Republicans refuse to face up to fact that they literally just voted to take healthcare away from sick children if their parents aren't rich
why not fix it?  Because a black president passed it? Why sabotage it?
Because a black man passed it...
