Very disappointed to see you on @oreillyfactor tonight. I thought you were principled.
WHY is everyone of you Liberals watching O'reilly? Oh, since your media lies. All these ppl on Graham's site proves he is a DEM. SAD!
Oh, I'm actually not a liberal.
Why are you on Lindsay's site? You think Lindsay has principles? Why don't you like O'Reilly? A Trump hater on with Lindsay the rat? Hmmm
I wanted to tweet him. Why are you on the senator's Twitter and trolling people who tweet him? A Graham hater on with Trump the liar? Hmm
Get a room! @Ninamezencev Remember LG's words: "I think Donald Trump is going to places ... and I'm not going with him." #Resist
Who asked you?
So you're going on a sexual predator's show to give a sexual predator in the White House political cover over a distraction story. Good job.
Putin would be proud of you today.  @LindseyGrahamSC
Do you support O'Reilly in his sexual misconduct allegations?
Why debase yourself going on that sexual predators show . He's a bully and disgusting. You're better than that Senator
Ahhh, a sexual abuser's ally, eh??  Smart, the women in the country will LOVE that!  NOT!
I'm surprised by your choice of O'Reily. Is everyone around you under scrutiny?
The respect I had developed for u over the past has now been shattered. So Carolina needs a new Senator. #womensmarch #droporeilly
Why grace this misogynist, sexual predator as his guest? Denounce him. Don't appear. u don't need this type of exposure. Am voters repsect u
It says a lot about you that you would do @aoreillyfactor's show tonight. You USED to be my fave republican. #countrybeforeparty
Dear John McCain's Buddy. There is no reason for you to insert yourself, but to preempt truth, you're history betray your motives
-
There are only two possibilities.
O'Reilly?   That is disgusting.  I thought you were a gentleman. #fireoreilly
So you support sexual predators now I see
Supporting the Sexual Criminal?
Shame on you for supporting that show!
No thanks
Way to stand for values & decency. Big support for Ailes, Trump, and O'Reily, not for women they assaulted.
The fact you can speak to a sexual predator on tv is disgraceful!!! #disgracetoamerica
Just when I thought, beyond our differences, you were a decent man. Obviously, I was mistaken. It won't happen again. *sigh*
After eight years of doing nothing you think you would start governing instead of supporting the @realDonaldTrump blame & diversion tactics
let him have it Senator he's a giant slug
Hope you challenge him on his "Presidential" behavior.
So you are visiting the show of the sexual predator and announcing on twitter, really?
Not a good look to be on a show with a host that has settled three different assault cases. Why pander?
You need to fire your media advisor!
I hope you don't join in forever damaging the integrity of the Senate by voting for the nuclear option. Find a judge that can get 60!
Stop trying to focus on the non- issue of Rice who was doing her job. Focus on the fact that you are hurting yourself supporting POTUS.
Why would you even consider going on his show?
So you decided to completely abdicate any bit of moral authority you had? Good luck with that, Lindsey. History will not judge you kindly.
Sexual Predator O'Reilly great job Senator
Darn, missed it! Thought his show had been cancelled.
I expect better from you than going on that pig's show.  C'mon!
Showing your true colors I see
No thx. You're just another trump goon, in his gang of Nimwits. 
How on earth can you sit across from that racist sexist .. ?
My goodness Senator, now u publicly support a serial abuser of women in the workplace by appearing on his show! Can SC voters count on you?
Did y'all talk about all the sexual harassment cases against Fox?  Just asking, I don't watch Faux News.
Did you ask him about his career of harassing women? Oh yeah, 62 million Americans don't care about that.
Gee about sexual assault prevention?
Please...you are so much better than this...
#oreilly is going down in flames. #trump is a criminal.
wow now I have to unfollow you again!!! #wtf
Prefer not to watch a serial sexual predator... same reason I stopped watching Trump rallies.

Every time I think u might bring some sense of balance and normalcy to Senate--u let me down.
Seriously?  O'Reilly?  And you want to be heard?
Is it about how your Party condones serial sexual abusers? Or is it about the overt racism you continually appease?
I find it hysterical that there are people commenting that "you are better than that". I find it totally fitting that you would do this. 
No.  Just no.  Not now.  Couldn't you have called in sick for this one?
Great idea to give your support to an abuser of women.
Shame on you for patronizing that man's show.
way. Just like the traitorous south.
banned from calling themselves the party of personal responsibility. The GOP doesn't care about the country. They care about getting their
to see it. He colluded with white nationalist and russians and all you GOP folks are still blaming Obama and his admin. The GOP should be
Historians will write a lurid story about fall of the GOP some day. Hopefully we make it to the other side of your man baby presidents term
You mean the pervert accused of harassing women for years. You are who you associate with.
. Non political persons want to know what happened in weapons xfer from Libya to Syria.
Will Senate ASC 112th testify? Who authorized?
#oreillyfactor Sen Graham why would you accept to be interviewed by someone accused of sexual harassment multiple times?
Hope you asked him about sexual harassment. #DropOReilly
It should not be hard to get2 the bottom of the unmasking,  we the people demand accountability, it's not if she did it who else's did it
What you'll say, will mean nothing by going on O'Reilly. We the People PASS.
Just when you have me in your corner, you have to go and pull this BS
I would advise not dignifying this show with your presence @LindseyGrahamSC
You'd do well to distance yourself from such a lecherous creature.
@ananavarro What is he thinking????
Hope you don't ever go on his show again. You need to stand up for women, not the men who sexually harassed them. Women in SC will remember.
Make sure to not expose your breasts, or else you'll be getting paid by @FoxNews as well.
Don't dress too provocatively.
All the things going on in the US and in your state and you went on TV to talk about Susan Rice? Sad.
Your male, so you should be safe
Hanging with this abuser? Sexual Assault Month = supporting sexual assaults, I guess. Nasty old white men sticking together. Shameful.
O'Reilly is a slime ball.  SAD
Why would you go on that show when he is paying off women because he sexually abused them?  You are condoning his behavior. Disappointing!
Wow way to support sexual assault awareness month! You go Lindsey. Make sure you high five Bill O'reilly.
Ughh you support this man? I thought you had ethics, morals & principles. Get it together man you are above this guy, you are breaking down.
Oreilly needs to go to jail. His sexual harassment is a crime and your appearance on the scumbag  Fox News says a lot about you!
Ask him how his victims are doing.
Please ask him about his sexual harassment.  It is the honorable thing to do!
Wear long pants and keep your legs crossed
Are you kidding me?!  #buyaclue
Watch out. I heard he makes sexual advances.....
Are you promoting this or apologizing for it?
DISAPPOINTING! I expected more from you. This predator @oreillyfactor doesn't deserve to be on air. 29526
And who's watching you on that sexual predator show? Senator you're such a hypocrite

What is wrong with you, Lindsey?
Senator, why are you this perverts show. You are no friend to women.
Chatting with your sexual predator homeboy? What is with you slime ball Republicans? @GOP #BoycottOReillyAdvertisers
No.
boycott this show plz Senator Graham for love and respect of American women. yours truly South Carolina
Sexual predators stick together.
Why are you going on that sexual predator's show??  Bad move.
I'll tune in when he stops harassing women....
Do you support sexual harassment of women?
Questioning your choice of media venues Lindsey
What a disappointment you are becoming again!
Why would you endorse that predator with your presence? #disgusting
Are you going to talk about sexual harassment and settlements by @FoxNews
Ask him why he's not registered as a sexual predator. You're choosing your party before your country. Cowards afraid of Trump.
Watch his hands.
How completely tone-deaf can you be? O'Reilly Factor? $13 million in sexual harrassment settlements! Plz only go on respectable tv shows.
Why are you going on that show?  First your comments about supposed respect you showed Obama and now this? This independent has lost respect
Now there's a smart move Lindsey!  Keep selling your soul!
I am boycotting O'Reilly, you should too.  Disappointed you think so little of women.
Sen. Graham,  Assad's pilot used a Russian jet so your suggestion to destroy his jets would not solve this issue.
Why, he is a loser Lindsey. Get a better spot.
Wish you had declined this interview.  Now that would have been powerful.
Commercial free!
I'd rather have a root canal. I don't want to support a sexual predator.  Why would you do that?
Don't support sexual harassment @LindseyGrahamSC
I want Comey thrown in with Brennan and clapper too! Along with serial liar Rice
WHY?
Why
Sorry to hear this. Definitely not who I'd like to spend my evening with!
Damn. And I was just starting to respect you a teeny tiny bit.
are you really promoting being on the show of sexual predator? This reveals you too don't respect women.
@oreillyfactor on bombing #SyriaChemicalAttack,Their are russian planes there @LindseyGrahamSC " they might want to move them!!
Supporting a serial sexual harasser. You might want to rethink that
Wow-you looked soooo uncomfortable! Amazing what Repubs will do to stay in their nutty base.
Seriously.. Why?
What are you two up to now!?
NO WAY Lindsey! You've turned a blind eye to the truth and put party above your country!
Ppl always show you who they really are. You did. 
you do know that you have women constituents and they vote, don't you? More locker room talk, huh?
Are you friggin kidding me? I'm done with you. 
My hope would be to demand his resignation but my gut says no. How can you care so little for the very people you say you represent? #shame
oh so your on board with this Sleazy pervert.  Shame
Get the Russian Spies out of the WH - NOW.  One of the last bookings in history
Gonna ask him about his treatment of women?
You're disgusting
Why? Are you in support of sexual harrassment of women? Is that why you are on his show tonight?
we see Graham,McCain today..calling for Trump to go after Assad. But it was Turkey,UN and globalist.
Are you going to berate him for sexually harassing women?  Going to call him out for his covering up for trump & his own abuse of women?
What is wrong with you? You do realize that women live in SC, right? And you're supporting sexual predators @LindseyGrahamSC @oreillyfactor
You are a great example of what a senator for the people is like. Keep up the great work.
Just when I was starting to give you the smallest bit of credit.
sir, this is very disrespectful to women. Why?
GOP has no respect for women, look who they picked to lead to their party...king of pussy grabbers. Not one GOP member not even the women.
I know a woman who had her pussy grabbed for a good few minutes on a cramped NYC subway & she still voted @POTUS cause she's a diehard GOP.
Senator, with respect, this is not the program you want to be associated with. He is not worth your loyalty.
Ew
slumming again.
Sad.
Disappointed. I had thought you had higher standards. Smh.
Gross. Out of all evening cable shows u chose @oreillyfactor? How tone deaf are you?
You hate you job, don't you? I can't think of any reason you'd do that beside political suicide.
Interesting exchange
Very disappointed that you went on O'Reilly show.
Now you are talking to an #unmasked #sexualpredator. My faith in you is rapidly fading.
Awesome interview!  Liked the tough stance on Syria!  Carry on!
Safe zones!  We need to know facts o who's responsible for catastrophe before military action.Timeline o events suspect.
Interesting timing. What's your position on workplace sexual harassment, Senator?
Please stop supporting sexual predator Bill O'Reilly.
I teally thought you were better than this...I was wrong. 2018 cannot come soon enough.
Why would you go on his show?
WHY WHY WHY. These companies pulling ads have more sense than you not to associate with #OReillySACon
Is sexual allegations the topic of discussion? I have high respect for you @LindseyGrahamSC , should I rethink ?
Why? So disappointing.
why would you go on that show?  Do you support sexual assault?
Ask him what is his secret? How is he still on TV
u don't always support sexual predators, but when u do u go on @oreillyfactor? Amirite? Or mayb u always support them 
Why would you even tweet about this? Do you know the message you're sending to good Christians? He is a filthy pervert. Avoid shaking hands!
Ring three in the circus
Hmmm I'm sure he can introduce you to some hottie...he does that
Dear Lindsey Graham's Scheduler: *Not* a good day for this particular appearance. It probably won't be tomorrow, either. Ad infinitum.
Never agreed with you but I respected you. Now that's gone
And you're promoting this fact? SMH
