You want masking answers make it a separate investigation or are you also part of TREASONOUS Administration to cover for RUSSIAGATE. U fake
More loony liberal lies with no proof at all. How many times do they have to say Trump has no Russian ties before the 2 year old get it?
Trump has been under FBI investigation for collusion with Russia since July, 2016. He's still being investigated.
1st Trump himself was never under investigation & if they had anything it...
it would have come out b4 the vote in November
You're so blinded by ideology that you refuse to see and accept the truth. Trump waited 18 days to fire a Russian compromised NSA.
he wasn't compromised &that's not why he was fired do ur research he's victim
You need to reevaluate where u get your news, because you're obviously misinformed.
There was so much information presented. You just pick and choose. InfoWars and Breitbart are under investigation. I believe you are next.
Fox is under investigation
Typical lies of Democrats Investigating Fox for truth It is CNN that divides USA more and keeps us from healthcare
Smart enough to not worry with no facts and ready for USA to get good Insurance lower taxes and infastructure
You def don't have facts. I feel bad for u.
U should feel bad because YOU stand in the way of Me and USA of getting healthcare Infastructure and lower taxes and JoBS
What jobs btw?  Coal?
Anybody care to explain this unmasking conspiracy to me?  How do you target someone who's anonymous? 
one way is 2 get phone# or email of who u want 2spy on & have ic pull the meta data ie.The Hammer
Please have an understanding of how the unmasking procedure functions.  It doesn't work top-down.
listen to podcast there is a lot more out there if you can't find it I'd b happy 2 help
@SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC it's time that you call for an independent investigation, else he will taint the Repub party for generations
Just another evil shill for worst corporate interests. He hasn't an ounce of patriotism or balls...or he'd help appoint a special prosecutor
FYI: Most women don't care for the term "gal"
How about Jimmy the Shoe from 1st Mistake-at-Lake WH pay-$200G=for-play gala?
#ComeyFiring is nothing but a coup! #impeachTrumpnow  !!!
We need a special prosecutor now, sir. Please. Special prosecutor now.
INDEPENDENT investigation and tax returns
Wow. The @GOP who wanted surveillance of EVERYTHING after 9-11 now twisting like a pretzel to protect Trump & blame Obama
This is as phony as Comey being fired for the Clinton news conference. Just an excuse by a panicky President!
Ready to confirm Fertilizer King Rybovlovlev next FBI Director Lindsey Toad?
There's no unmasking story. You've heard it all. You've heard all about emails & Benghazi; now it's time to hear about Conald tRUmp
WATERGATE
Russia Russia Russia sounds like the Brady bunch
The battlefield of an 'unfit' President should be first and foremost in your mind! Calls for impeachment  Abuse of power!
How else can they protect Americans from Americans who sell out this country?  I am a registered Republican but have no problem with this.
why does fox want putin in DC
We want a special independent investigation.
Two battlefields: Partisan obstructionism/deflection on 1 side & Intelligence gathering/Freedom of Press in defense of Democracy on other.
Devi Nunes with new Cyber Director Ellis & Espionage Director Cohen-Twatnick? I hear Herr Doktor of BS Sebby Gorka needs a new gig.
This is akin to calling for the investigation of Woodward and Bernstein during Watergate.  You are sinking your own ship with junk like this
Thank God they unmasked Flynn! Save America don't let the Republicans coverup. Watergate all over again. Its obvious Trump is guilty.
So the Russians definitely have information on you
We The People demand an Independent Prosecutor !!!
You are no better than 45. NO honor oh wait honor among thieves
Graham: 'I want to know more about Trump's business dealings' @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump @BarackObama @HillaryClinton
If I declined to show up to court and testify, the judge would have a court officer find me and arrest me for contempt of court, so how...
....does Rice get away with not testifying, or Yates and Clapper not answering questions, for that matter? I couldn't get away with that.
They answered the ?s not involving classified info or in an ongoing investigation. Don't think they subpoenaed only invited Rice.
This isn't a court! It's a hearing! Unless you r subpoenaed they cannot force you! After seeing how Yates was treated, I wouldn't go either!
Exactly! I wouldn't go! The og pt was that she should go to jail for not testifying, which is bs. Without a subpoena can't force testimony!
You are right, because there was no collusion with Russia or impropriety there of.
How much tin foil do you buy a week must corner the market
No idea what that means, so your reference has no impact. Good job! Speak with education & more people will identify.
Yes the crime was the unmasking not Trumps involvement.
Linsey joins the party
There won't be any American citizens if you don't stop Trump.
Graham and McCain, synonyms for traitors.
Get them to work on Healthcare
Conflating. Unmasking impacts an extremely small amount of citizens and has been useful catching citizens that plan on doing harm.
like someone running against the candidate u want 2 win then it's perfectly fine 2 spy on them right?
No like having a FISA warrant and picking up conversations with a citizen that pertain to National Security. This isn't hard to understand.
OK by ur logic there will never b a Dim in office ever again bc Reps now can do same 2Dim incumbent
The Russians hacked both the Democrats and GOP. Now is the time they would use the GOP information to obstruct the investigation.
Yet hardly anyone talks about obummers meddling in Israel's election.
We meddle in elections all the time. The issue isn't that Russia did, the real issue is determining the Americans that helped or permited it
When we get caught meddling, the historical result is those we helped end up dead. The best way to deter future meddling is to serverly
punish anyone that helped or didn't report the interference.
@GOP @realDonaldTrump President obviously afraid of the truth & what FBI was finding about him & his team.  Indep investigation needed ASAP!
KNOCK OFF THE BS... T$$$p should RESIGN or JAIL!.. blatant coverup!
Senator Graham - please help our country. Trump's firing of Comey has terrified me. We need an investigation.
Stop worrying about Russians and focus your work on bettering the lives of South Carolinians.
We demand independent investigation into #TrumpRussia. Put your country over your party.
You are complicit, Senator.
Now that trump has fired Comey after firing Yates a special prosecutor is needed now more than ever! Country over party!
INDEPENDENT investigation and SPECIAL prosecutor NOW!
If you care anything about this Country you will do something to Stop Trump! There is something there, he fired James Comey!
Sir I used to respect you but seriously now you are just as corupt as the Trump peeps
Time for a special prosecutor or there will be massive marches on Washington. I am 58 YO woman and this will not stand. #FireTrump
He fired Comey. Now what are you gonna do?
How do you feel about @realDonaldTrump firing #Comey just as he was starting to investigate Trump's ties to #Russia? Why is Trump afraid?
Wat to go @LindseyGrahamSC you have the most integrity. Thank you!!
Thank you, Senator, for putting our country first.  You are one of the few sane Republicans and I am grateful for your work.
Lyin lindsey is no republican. Get rid of him SC!! Please!
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump @BarackObama @HillaryClinton
If you really want to know about 45's dealings w/Russia, then SUBPOENA HIS TAXES. Thanks for pursuing this & helping defend our democracy.
Please subpoena President Trump's taxes NOW!!! This IS & WILL be the connection you are looking for!!
? Dumb and Mad Dog
Trump authorizes arming of YPG that Turkey deems as PKK terror group's Syrian extension 
What is that dumb @POTUS doing? Also his #MadDog
@USCongress @VP @brett_mcgurk @vp @JohnKerry @POTUS @EuphratesShield #EuphratesShield #AshtonCarter #YPG #PYD #PKK https://twitter.com/CelikMehmet0/status/769464800720150528 …
GOD chose President Trump because we just SUFFERED SO BADLY at the hands of a TRAITOR! HELP HIM FIX AMERICA! STOP HURTING HIM!
I just want to know why you are being such a TRAITOR to our CAUSE!? WHY?
Sean Spicer says the Pres welcomes investigating his business dealings. Please subpoena his tax returns. You know it's the right thing to do
that that is why they are picking STRONGER people for leaders than the sick liberals who are placing us ALL IN DANGER?
did it EVER occur to you that RUSSIA does not want to find itself ALONE in a world that has been overtaken by ISLAM????
you have FINALLY truly unmasked yourself. I have tried SO HARD for years to like you.. and it was easy but you are doing the work of
by asking our president for NO REASON with NO PROOF! about his so called ties to russia while it was the podesta hillary bunch who DID you
@LindseyGrahamSC Flynn would still be there if not for the leak. Your feigned surprise at Intel collection is not credible. #Trumprussia
Subpoena tax returns and business tie records. Follow the money.
I'm not sure where you stand on Flynn upset that Intel was gotten?
Please continue your inquiry
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump @BarackObama @HillaryClinton

Why didn't you make your fellow Republicans focus onFlynn & Russia when questioning & why won't you subpoena #45's taxes? #WHERESYOURBALLS
by Senator Wyden these days, "to prove financial crimes, follow the fucking money, you leaks by Devi rabbit hole aid & abettor."
along with personal & shell corps bank recs." Dear departed Uncle Fred, WWII vet, head of bunko squad in major city PD quoted regulary...
"Have I seen any evidence, no! Do I want to find any, no! If I did, I woulds subpoenaed Drumpfs entire family's taxes back to glasnost,...
Washington Post Leaker
U  want to know trumps business dealings with Russia. SO does EVERYBODY in the USA! DEMAND he release his taxes!  There's NO transparency!
@LindseyGrahamSC You have 1 lean democratic vote if you ever run for president. :) You and Senator Mccain.
How about put measures in to stop hacking?  For example; don't send classified emails on a personal email account.  Let's start there!
At 1 point saw exasperation from Clapper, unmasking is important issue but here to talk about Russian influence in 2016 election NP
When Clapper said he couldn't answer your question on Trump biz ties to Russia, Epic. unmasking distraction is laughable Are you Kompromat

I'm surprised how little it takes to get you guys thinking he'll do the right thing. Didn't you guys watch yesterday's hearing?
Senator, without these leaks to WaPo, Flynn would still be in the WH! Would you and the GOP have preferred that scenario?!?!
Why don't you strive for an independent investigation?  You want control of it.  So in essence, nothing!  You are and have been an enabler.
Bravo senator graham on bates comments
No one believes your lying ASS @LindseyGrahamSC
I'm not worried about unmasking because I Don't Talk To Foreign Agents !!
Senator, I believe you are trying to govern to the best of your ability, but if someone is talking to the bad guys, the @FBI knows
Thank God for the person that leaked the info about Flynn!!! They should be considered a hero!
If you're talking to world leaders, it's as a Senator.  We, the people, OWN those conversations!  Yes, we have a right to hear them.
"Two wrongs don't make a right", but its about time Sen Graham expended more time energy on the previous two Democratic Party regimes.
IMPT DISTINCTION: The requester doesnt know who 'Person 1, 2, 3" IS when making an unmasking request. try reading a convo w half redacted
Now can u move on for America Hopefully those waiting for Trump are holding their breath which means GET busy working on Healthcare
@LindseyGrahamSC   In your Closed SESSIONS W/ Top Intel, find out what they know before you an open discussion in front of America!!!
@PressSec @JoeNBC @greta @ericbolling Check facts. Obama prosecuted more leakers than any other admin & could not stop it. Nor will Trump
@LindseyGrahamSC  Please Let's investigate the unmasking and subpoena Susan Rice
You need to get the allies to sanction China also
Satellite footage shows n Korea building island , we need harsh sanctions on China
He doesn't work for America.  He's paid by corporation that own him.
@JohnCornyn @SenJohnKennedy It has been established at many of these hearings that unmasking and leaks are important, but of utmost
importance is the role Russia played influencing the 2016 election. If not for Democrats on these committees, little would be said on Russia
Why on earth, during a hearing "on all things Russia" was the subject of the Muslim Ban allowed to waste time to the detriment of Republican
Thought you had integrity when you stood up to Trump but I guess you've since jumped the shark huh?
Focus on Russia like patriot Clapper said- so dangerous and deadly. Stop playing games
Yesterday, the entire committee agreed "this must never happen again."  Half meant "gettin' hacked", other half meant "gettin' caught." TP
We have criminals in the White House,but let's worry about who leaked potentially treasonous activity.That will solve our economic anxiety.
act of domestic terrorism in US history", which I'm sure Toad(R)s used to prove Obama/HRC/Kerry guilty of...saddened it proved them to be...
When Dubya intro'd Patriot Act (orig of current "unmask" BS), you were an ardent supporter, now, intel experts agree "hack 2nd greatest...
Will You #BeAPatriot&StandUp2theParty?  #IndependentInvestigation?  #SenateDithersWhileDemocracyBurns
The unmasking was legal.  We all know it's just a deflection from the Russia-Trump collusion.  We all know Trump or orchestrated it.
Dive off the 40-meter platform into Rice rabbit hole, land squarely w/ head directly up Nunes' ass, how's it taste/feel in there, Strom Jr?
"Org crime acts (Poot mafia)/collusion/hacking never be look into for Toad(R), go back to our 25-yr old invest of HRC, promising new leads"
Another story is why @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz @SenJohnKennedy weren't informed on the topic of the hearing? Will you reprimand them? Shameful
don't care how much aiding/abetting treason/criminality it takes. FISA/702 'crucial to Natl Sec', leakers were Ellis/Twatnick/Devi not RICE!
Graham concerned only with Toad(R) lifelong wet dream off fucking US domestically by tax poor/feed rich, no HC/Medicare/Medicaid/SSI &...
"I wants to make shur that no one can ever unmask (even though Clapper says 'crucial to natl sec' the blowjobs I gives Drumpf in private."
"Two battlefields here, how to protect traitors in WH, blame everything on Obama no matter what anyone testifies."...Fraud Mask Graham
Hon Graham, do not be distracted by leak/unmasking. W/o Russian interference, there wld b no need for leak - fight Russia not ourselves.
Clapper meaning as forcefully, politely as venue permit: "Will Toad(R)s grow up, forget mask babble, focus on hacking, Pootie & treason?"
So Graham... it sounds like you want your back washed but don't want anyone to know who's back you wash? ...hmmm
Thanks Lindsey for your strength to determine the truth.  We need more Republican senators like you!
if there was any collusion it would have come out b4 the vote & Russia has been interfering in our elections 4ever
just like we've been interfering in their's & everyone else's where was Obozo the last week! No respect 4u Senator
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
The real business will take place in closed session.  Hey m, just what is the penalty for Treason?
Here, Here, let's give Graham some credit for a calling out the Russians.  Very few Republicans do that Publicly!  Why is that?
Stop pretending to be concerned about unmasking - it's perfectly legal where warranted. Aren't you more concerned about possible treason?
Shame on you, just another Trump sheild. How can you worry more about how we found out than a Russian spy being head of NSA? Impeach now!
DIVERT, DIGRESS, DENY! Are you in on #TrumpRussiaCoverUp, Graham? How can you stand up for this awful treasonous team? Be our hero! #resist
No unmasking concerns. Someone robbed my house. I caught him on video cam. He cries in court that he didn't have my permission to tape him.
Sad
Do the RIGHT thing! STOP dragging your feet on 'leaks' and 'unmasking'. Clapper made it CLEAR that the most important topic was TRUMP/RU!
There is ONE battlefield here, & you know it, Graham. You looked like a fool today. How will history remember you? Are you going down, too?
The question is. What are you going to do about it ?Just talk. Time to start holding people accountable.JAIL TIME.
Yeah, well, maybe you better prioritize what you investigate first. There may be a traitor in the WH,and you're worried about yourself. Huh.
Clapper: "to me the transcendent issue here is Russian interference in  our elections," calls unmasking & other issues "ancillary"
What the he'll is he talking about.....there is still no concrete evidence of Russian hacking.
Bullshit.
Senator Graham, HAVE SOME DIGNITY.  You seem like a smart, likeable man -- don't corrupt yourself with the unmasking BS. Focus on issues!!!
If a foreign intelligence agent not bound by US laws, gives a private citizen information and they give it to the press, there is no leak.
You guys are using the Trump Russian propaganda assumption that you have to blame someone if you are caught. There are multiple sources of
Flynn talking to the Russians, not just US intelligence, in fact, it appears they have less than others.
is complicit in treason if he doesn't fight to protect our electoral process from Putin and Russia!
UNMASKING is a ploy to divert attention from the fact that Russia INTERFERED with our election!
You are despicable.  We have ONE democracy and what are YOU going to do to preserve and protect it? #impeach45
Shame on you and all of your GOP CRONIES
Lindsey Graham you know Trump Had no Affairs with The Russians.And you have been told 100 times there was no collusion so what are you say
For God's Sake, FOCUS ON TRUMP ADMIN BEING WARNED ABOUT FLYNN AND STILL HIRING HIM AND GIVING HIM CLASSIFIED INFO!!! HYPOCRITS ALL!!!!!!!
"There's two now battlefields here"? What language is that?
The @GOP ARE OKAY WITH RUSSIAN AGENT AT THE NATION SECURITY COUNCIL BUT HOW DARE HE GET OUTED let that sink in.
Your wack !!
America may need new Indipendente political party. both Republicans & Democrats collide-heads & use Russia as scapegoat
absolutely right Senator. I admire you and Sen john McCain
All of these concerns need to be investigated and the criminals charged and tried, not like the shit Comey pulled with Hillary
It's absolutely disgusting.  Graham and Cruz are complicit in treasonous behavior. #Impeach45
Is there NOTHING Republicans won't do for money?  They're protecting a man who colluded with a foreign dictator!
Why is Graham covering for a TRAITOR like #trump?  Is there no decency or love of country left in the GOP?
Has Graham ever heard of teeth whitening, he should use some of that great health care on some
What Trump did with the Russians? They told you no collusion! Lindsey this is what happens to a person when they stay in D.C. too long!
You are so sanctimonious Graham. Puke
Unmasking is legal..Nobody sitting with you at the FRepublican lunch table so you are trying to play both sides?
So concerned abt his own privacy. What abt our internet privacy? If we can't have it, neither can you!

Foxnews part of a foreign owned entertainment co. founded 1979. NYTimes&WashingtonPost 100+years USownership. Which to trust? Not fox
Edward Snowden, do we still forgive him?
Hearings have UNMASKED @realdonaldtrump's incompetence. Why did @POTUS hire compromised Flynn? Did RUS own DJT over @TRUMP real estate deal?
You're concerned more about that than catching a current president and his administration in the act of collusion with a foreign power.
This man needs his mouth sealed
No, there's only 1 battlefield that matters, this country and trump-flynn-et al treason. Why don't you care about treason, they paying you?
They are traitor and should no longer be considered American citizens
bull the story is #TrumpRussia and Flynn! Page, manafort, cohen, and his friend Boris. #impeach45
Zero credibility @LindseyGrahamSC
They said that they don't do anything.
Reps made a mockery of their country trying to protect their party by pretending unmasking a citizen is ore important than treason.
No LIndsay you and Donald work for us, and so does national intelligence. So just shut-up and let them do their job.
