If this Order is to keep us safer, should it not include bans against the countries who have actually supplied terrorists?
Specifically, how?
The most powerful nation on earth is also the most scared. What you should be scared of is the buffoon in the White House!
We can not be safer unless Saudi Arabia and other countries who have actually attacked the United States are banned.
it's a fucking Muslim ban, the 9/11 hijackers came from Saudi Arabia, ban them too then. No logic.
Graham gets invited to the White House and rolls over. #SAD!
What group is next ? Black ,Lationos are women are things the GOP hates
Stop trolling Trump..you know this ban will not make us safer
We already had extreme vetting in place.  You know better than anyone that we are less safe because of travel bans.
psssst, Linds? The DHS says "nuh-uh, no it doesn't" so toddle off and read the report. 
False.
Not sure I believe that...
the executive order is a watered down version of blatant racism and xenophobia. Call it what it is.
What the hell are you boys smoking over there in Congress? We would all appreciate if you would quit.
No
shame on you.
What BS, it;s all smoke and mirrors and you know it.
bull!
but I can see your problem with the crowd that follows you around on Twitter. They need to live in a terrorist country.BOOM
NOT REMOTELY CLOSE TO EXTREME VETTING - WHY GIVE THE TERRORIST 10 DAYS TO GET IN THE USA??  - THIS IS NOT ENOUGH
just when I was starting to respect you. How does this bigoted order make us safer, exactly?
How? Please explain. What vetting is happening now that wasn't happening before. Who did we let in b4 that won't be now
Then, the EO includes his resignation?
Are you crazy? Safer from what and whom? The Radical Evangelical Terror is in Congress already. Nazism is not the way!
And just when I was beginning to like you...
How exactly?
From countries that have never had a citizen attack us, good job.
keep telling yourself that Lindsey.
I feel less safe @POTUS  my USA was great.
Don't call him that. He's an illegitimate so-called president. #TheResistance
You created a non-existent problem and pretend to fix it in order to fulfill campaign promise - WoW - not impressed.
HE IS A MANIAC! History WILL REMEMBER WHAT YOU DO WITH DONALD.IT AIN'T GONNA BE GOOD
Way to be both a traitor to your constituents and a tool of a demagogue. I'm ashamed to say you're my representative.
Some days I'm proud to have you as our Senator. Others, not so much. This is one of the other days. This ban is BS!
well that is great Lindsay so refreshing to see you on board finally. You broke away from your twin John McCain. Congrats!
I'm a physician and accustomed to evidence based practices. There is zero evidence this will make us safer. Partisan BS
Hey Limpwrist, plenty of proof Trump was wiretapped if you read NYT, Washington Post, etc for last 5 months
YOU=BACKSTABBER
Just when I was starting to respect you...
Iraq excluded, yet it's the birthplace of ISIS. Yeah, that makes USA safer. #CompleteBullshit #MuslimBan
Stop it Lindsey. #Trumpcare is worse for the 99% & you know it. We all know it. @CNN @JoeNBC @washingtonpost #obamacare
I thought you had conviction. I thought you would stand up for American values. Very disappointed.
you all will lose your jobs for cheating, lying, to US citizens.  Shame on you for siding with a psychopath
no it won't make us safer.  Take guns away from white supremacist and mentally ill.  That's what will make us safe!
so sad what you and the Republican party have come to
No the presidents Muslim ban is stupid and based on nothing more than paranoia
Shame on you! Trump is a threat to our country making it unsafe and unraveling our democracy!
You know who I'm afraid of? White extremists that are murdering immigrants. When are you going to do something about that?
Hogwash!! Trumps ban is a gift to ISIS recruitment and continues to alienate US from rest of world.
You're smarter than this. Senator.
not likely...tell me when did US citizens totally give in to fear? So scared, so little reason to be.
Make us SAFER...Appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Trump/Russia/Trumps financial connections with foreign govts
Nope. Here are some better options. Gun safety, immigration reform, end white terrorism, demilitarization, destroying nukes
We have vetting already, this is fear monger in and a Muslim ban.. ! Ridiculous!
fear Mongering.. and it would hold up in court for the 2nd time!
just to suck up to @POTUS #realDonaldTrump Do Your Job!! Stand up for the constitution!
disappointing that you have also given up on working with facts!  None of the refugees or immigrants from 6 countries hurt
DHS intel doc contradicts case for Trump's travel ban
that's total bs & u know it. You and GOP are embarrassing ur selves & ruining your careers-obvious u don't care about USA
I disagree.  This Executive Order is shaped by Stephen Bannon. It is based on a desire to change demographics and has
nothing to do with intelligence gathering.  You know about this and the goal to keep out people who "might" be radicalized.
This seems contradictory to your committment to NATO alliances.  Are you on board with this White Nationalist plan?
The US, Russia, France (if LePen elected), etc.  Pick a position already and stand by your convictions!
you need to make up your mind whether you stand with Trump or not....I can't keep up....
Making us safer from what? We're more afraid of white males with guns than Muslims. How about making us safer from them?
BS, it's illegal
This is bulls*it and you know it.........
No...it won't. It will create the terrorists we have to fight in 20 years because we turned our backs when they were kids.
NO! It is a Muslim ban, and it is WRONG!
I try so hard to like  you but you consistently disappoint.
there was a moment  I believed you were a true patriot ..it was a fleeting moment  #sad
really?
The Republican Party has brought the art of talking out of their asses to a whole new level. I can't roll my eyes enough. 
Exactly how is that happening when key countries are left that EO? 911 =UAE & Saudia Arabia. #TotalSham U should B ashamed
2018 can't come quick enough when hopefully most of you will be voted out. We will not be safer.
a saine moment what what
I doubt that. Child such as @POTUS is nonsense x100.
are you delusional?
your a back stabber, don't turn your back on your fellow republican. They will all be replaced soon.
How, Senator? How? You have very little honor.
Once again you are on the wrong side of this.  Bless your heart @LindseyGrahamSC
Wait, his goal is to make us safer?? If US were a car, we'd be swerving all over the road and driving into incoming traffic
That's not what homeland security said.
total bs!
How?  His EO is a lie.  Your support is disappointing!
I'm so incredibly disappointed with you.
And your evidence for this is what?
You are smarter than that Mr. Graham. Think again.
....The behavior of @POTUS is making the country vulnerable to countries who would do us harm...
boy r u wrong!!!
so you're drinking the kool aid, too?
Really??? Please do explain, oh wise oracle.
Many Americans do not think so.
what happened to you? You were actually doing your job as an American. What did they do to you? Lost another of select few
you investigated the hell out of Hillary. But Pence emails and Tillerson and Pres Trump and Russia No Big Deal. Shame
In your heart, do you really believe we will be safer? What about Russia?
coward
How so?????
sometimes you make sense and then two days later I'm reminded that hat you're a jerk. I want you to be a better human.
I hope you are right.  I trust your gamesmanship and I believe you are a man of honor. Please put country before party.
A ban against right wing radicals that infested Republican party would make us safer, please work on that , Senator!
Yes, by giving ISIS more propaganda to recruit.  How about you investigate Russia? How about you put country over party??
DHS JUST ISSUED REPORT: terrorism is home-grown. Ban does NOTHING to protect US-reinforces prejudice and inhumanity.#resist
You speak out of both sides of your mouth. The people are second to party for you still sir.
no, you're better than this Senator. please, i liked you
That is your goal, Trump's goal is to start a war to deflect attention from Russia.
how?
C'mon. What's it going to take for Republicans to put country before party?! How far will be too far for you?
Did you drink the koolaid?
Who's going to keep us safe from POTUS?
Grow a pair. You want to make us safer from foreign invaders?! INVESTIGATE TRUMP & RUSSIA! #MakeAmericaAmericaAgain 
WRONG! He's just pissing more people off. Stirring up shit for distraction purposes.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Make up your mind. Do you want to save democracy or help to demolish it & start WWIII to help Trump make money.
safer? How? What about @POTUS taking fewer vacations and attending National Security briefings?
actually it is a bunch of hooey.
no it won't and you know it
no it won't #makehisamericawhiteagain
I can't believe you even call him president I'll never figure you out thanks for not standing up for us
you're kidding, right?!?? Please grow some genitalia and do your job!
will help us achieve the goal of making "us" fat cats with fat cheeks held up in our coal fortresses laughing at the 
time will tell Lindsey.
Trump will not make any of us safer. The sooner you Rebups admits that the better off we will all be!!!
Senator, you already know this country is safe!!
Are you getting your resume together? 'Cuz I can't wait to get back into a voting booth here in SC. #2018
good job!
What data / facts justify this EO?
Senator Graham, you know that's not true. Time for you to stand up and oppose this dangerous president.
oh, did it ban people from Saudi Arabia?!
Great!  POTUS is protecting Americans. #travelban #ObamaWiretapLeaks #GeorgeSoros #MAGA
wrong.
Come on man.
no it will not. I am ashamed that you cannot rise up and see what this really is.
Care to explain? Then I will counter, It does NOT make us safer. There. Equal theories. Evidence now??
how much safer? Quantify your statement. Current risk is miniscule.
I just can't believe that someone as astute as you are really believes this statement. I don't buy it.
when @POTUS is the most dangerous person in the country, excuse me if I'm still uneasy!
You are not that stupid, Sen. Graham and neither are we
don't worry, we'll vote to replace you and Scott soon enough
You don't really believe that. Please be honest.
you know that's not true!
If trump and all of you cronies were out of office we'd be much safer. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Getting the shady leadership out of the Whitehouse will make it safer.
You need to rethink that thought Sen Graham. In no way will that make us safer. It will fuel IS hate for us.
You need to stand up to Trump and his unAmerican agenda.
nonsense. Not a single terror incident in usa from people from countries. Why 3 weeks ago iraq dangerous, but now not?
a travel ban that does not include any of the countries where the 9/11 hijackers were from is highly suspect. Shame on you.
does it not bother you that none of the countries the 9/11 hijackers were from are not on that list. #CountryOverParty
that Dept of Justice report says otherwise. This is just a xenophobic excuse to hate ppl.
How? #MAGA
@GOP @LindseyGrahamSC Keep fear in the people. Why do the Republicans NEED someone to demonize? LGBTQ,MUSLIM,REFUGEE, IMMIGRANT. Who next??
Don't play the fool. It's not becoming. You know 45's order is meaningless and does nothing for security. Man up, Lindsey.
What are you doing about homegrown terrorists—you know, the only ones  attacking us for the last several years?
I like you better when you think for yourself. You know vetting process is already rigorous. This is straight islamophobia
Yeah, right. If you like believing bullshit.
How are you still able to tweet while giving Trump a party before country reach around?
show us the risk analysis... how about health care for all... that would keep us safer
Why are the countries that have actually produced terrorists not on the list? Oh yeah... because it's bad for Trump's biz.
This has to be a parody account
why do you and the rest of the @GOP continue to put party before country? The voters will remember 2018 and 2020
I didn't know I wasn't safe. Was I missing something? Can't recall any reason to feel unsafe.
The thing that keeps me up and night and makes me worry for my country is the person that sleeps in the White House.
what about his tweets on Obama wiretaps? Face it, your leader is looney.
based on what evidence from whom?  @potus provides #alternativefacts #NoBanNoWall
No, it will not. It will hand our enemies a recruiting tool and help them compromise mentally ill/at risk people here.
you can't possibly really think this is true.  Please.
No, it will not and continuing to assure citizenry it will is a big lie.
BULLSHIT!
are you a racist too?
shame on all of you. An embarrassment to this country.
oh my goodness, you were one of my last hopes.
How's that Kool Aid taste?
Keep supporting him&you will go down in flames along side him.He's a nat'l embarrassment & that is not making us feel safe!
Et tu, Lindsey? Ah man, I thought u & McCain were gonna be the principled GOPers who put country before Trump and party?
.@LindseyGrahamSC none of 9/11 attackers were from these countries. What about Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt? How do u explain that? Pls do tell
You know this will not make us safer.Do something about Bannon wanting to destroy our government, this would make us safer.
1. With all due respect, WTF are you talking about?i I live in SC. I'm scared of angry white guys with guns, rising sea
2. Sea levels due to global warming, Beautiful Charleston destroyed by repeat flooding, Zika.
3. The LAST thing I'm scared of are Muslim terrorists. I don't understand you. You seem to have real moral courage.
4. Are you just clueless? Maybe travel more. Expose yourself to more people. I respect you but you're very misguided.
You are as evil as Bannon and Miller.
Chances of being killed by refugee committing terrorist act on US soil? 1 in 3.6 bill. Being struck by  2xs? 1 in 9 mill.
No. Not safer. We can't control the loonies here in the US.
You were one of the few Republicans I thought might stand up for what's right. Shame on you.
Yup, still a shill for the GOP and their wall of stupidity.
Now, all you have to do is protect us from Trump.
No it won't. This has  nothing to do with safety. It's about old white men fearing a future where they're a minority.
