This is such bs
Who ever told you 40k a year premium is a lier and so are you!
We want thoughtful bipartisan reform of the ACA. Not a bad bill rammed down our throats that helps no one but the 1%.
Why has GOP worked tirelessly of sabotage #ACA, starting wrefusing to expand medicaid? Then eliminated risk corridors? #GrahamCassidy 1/2
Both of which destabilized markets causing insurers to raise premiums in states that didn't expand/to drop out. #Whosefault? #GrahamCassidy
false choice, billy
My family pays $6500 for silver plan. Stop with the very atypical $40k BS.
And the lies continue.
STOP sabotaging ACA. @GOP work with @TheDemocrats & fix it. Quit bartering US lives 2feed DJT or Koch ego. Grow up.
Doing nothing is not an option. Families who can't afford their $40,000 premiums need help. https://www.wsj.com/articles/republicans-get-one-last-chance-on-obamacare-reform-1505948601 …
@POTUS @AP MY HEALTH INS PREM CRUSHED ME$$ ENTIRE LIFE I PAID..NOW I HAVE NO INS!! AMABOCARE - REVERSE OBAMACAREIts crushing!!$$ AMABOCARE
LIAR!
Who said "do nothing"?!? Ever heard of the bipartisan effort that was in-flight?

BTW -- there's a big difference between "shall" & "must".
Well Texas is one of the cheapest states and no plan I researched cost 40k a year the biggest issue is the oop of $6700
Higher premiums & less coverage for many of those hard working American families won't help and that's exactly what would happen w/ ur bill.
Try brining a bill to the table that actually helps the American people. One that goes after the insurance companies. #GrahamCasiddy=Garbage
I bet if congress would get off their golden plan, y'all would take care of the health care issue. #termlimitsforcongress
Who is arguing to "do nothing"?! Stop wasting our time w/your dishonest straw man argument & your bad bill. American people deserve better.
Not a single person in the US wants "nothing." We want you to fix ACA, stop this nonsense repealing crap. Americans mad and tired.
Then don't scuttle bipartisan efforts to address healthcare for a bill that is lunacy...
PLEASE, Bill. You are hurting good people. Innocent people. Sick people. That can’t possibly be what you want to put your name on.
Then why do Alaska & Hawaii get to keep theirs? That's what you promised @lisamurkowski if she votes yes! #fraud @ABCPolitics
LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR!

#KillTheBill #GrahamCassidyNO
You are a sniveling f*ckstick
ditto!!
Republicans are great about claims about the huge premiums, yet they never produce any hard evidence, just hyperbole.
now read it again!
No no no no. The choice was between finishing bipartisan health care talks or ramming this dumpster fire through. Nobody said "do nothing." https://twitter.com/billcassidy/status/910957022304198656 …

Fix Ocare. Your bill is a sham.

#GrahamCassidyBill #KillTheBill #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
You are so far removed from what the average American families need and how we live. It is insulting for you to talk for us.
Eff you Bill. Liar.
Guess what, you're not helping with this at all.  Go for stabilization.
This is a terrible bill that will hurt your constituents but keep Koch money flowing. And it is NOT the only choice. Bi-Partisan fix
So fix it, but bumping 32million off insurance isn't f-ing fixing anything. You are inept and corrupt and we know it.
Ppl need to understand that coverage is important. You can't plan if you will become ill. My parents didn't plan to have kid w/cancer
Will ppl have to pay more and then exhaust coverage? And then get kicked off plan?
If this plan is so amazing, you go on it! Give up your healthcare I'm paying for to prove this is great! #CassidyDeathCare #ResistTrumpcare
How the hell is he allowed to keep lying with his crap bill.
I think that we need to screen poltitions with a lie detector test!
Actually, they need to be forced to live with the same health care that they want us to have. Maybe then they'll see what they're doing.
Oh, make no mistake.  They know what they're doing.  And they don't care.
Oh, I meant they'd see it in a very visceral way. As in, see someone they care about suffering from something curable, but they can't 1/2
...afford to pay for treatment because it's a pre-existing condition, so they can't pay the outrageously high insurance premiums.
So instead, you're going to force families of people with cancer to have $100,000 premiums.
Why bribe Alaska by letting it stay on ACA if your plan is so good?
That Republicans are bribing Murkowski by letting Alaska KEEP OBAMACARE pretty much destroys the idea that this is better than Obamacare
Who suggested doing nothing?
The last best chance to save America from socialism.  Please sign your name.
Give it up for the ratio!

The outright purchasing of votes. Everyone involved in this moral and intellectual monstrosity should be ashamed of themselves. https://twitter.com/jenhab/status/910921385924493312 …
Actually ur party sucks at guessing about, ecconony, security, healthcare jobs, taxes, budgets and ethics. Y trust U? Name one right pred?
If families can't afford the $40,000 premiums then I assure u they can't afford a $400,000 hospital stay when they have NO insurance.
FIRST DO NO HARM is the oath you took.  This will harm and kill millions. You don't seem to understand how this all works.
Get educated!
Straw man argument. Work to fix the problems with the ACA. That will help your constituents a lot more than your tragically flawed bill.
Voting NO is the only option you've given to fair and honest people. Your Prez ran on better, cheaper & covers more people. This is a TURD.
Of course you have no problem with government subsidizing 155 million Americans who get employer based health insurance..those subsidies...
cost the government a quarter of a trillion dollars a year..Quite unfair..The entire idea of Obamacare was fairness..to provide the same..
subsidies to those without employer insurance to those without it. The irony being that many of those without it pay the taxes to subsidize
those who get it.
Your bill will not help that. It will hurt me and my family. We just moved our lives and business to Louisiana and we do not support this.
Here's the better billl introduced by Senator Collins and Senator Nelson ..  it's getting no coverage from MSM
You may have forgotten, "First, do no harm."

Doing something about you and your kleptocratic lying brethren is the next priority of patriots after your traitor on chief is removed.
Your bill will add $37,000+ to our premiums IF our preexisting conditions are covered. I have very expensive meds & specialists. I will die.
We're not saying do nothing. Finish the bipartisan talks & fix ACA. But to ram this bill through is murder. #DrDeath
Veronica, I'm so sorry for your situation. We just escaped into Medicare in the past year.  I wonder when the GOP is going to go after that.
I'm sorry too Molly. Even with the 3 promised no votes I'm going to continue to call until this is really dead for good.

This is it! Senate Finance Committee needs to hear from you before Monday’s #GrahamCassidy hearing. Email gchcomments@finance.senate.gov
No one in this country pays 40K a year for healthcare.   Why can't you be honest?  It's not hard to find highest cost in every state city
This bill empowers the states to return to the days of preexisting conditions & lifetime caps.

STOP LYING THAT IT DOESN'T.
If it was a wonderful bill he'd be honest about what it does. But he lies bc it kills ppl. But wins him Koch $ And that's all he cares about
Exactly.  This is about campaign money.
you are correct, doing nothing is not an option so step down now before u start killing ur own constituents and others across the US
Yes Dr Asshole.

Instead of trying to ram disasters through, maybe you and the rest of the Trump Toadies should give bipartisanship a shot
Because you are being less than truthful ... here is how the horrible #GrahamCassidyDeathBill will affect voters
What would the Graham-Cassidy bill mean for your health care? We broke it down for you this morning on @MSNBC 
Looks the @SenateGOP philosophy is tht of Hitler's"tell a lie long enough loud enough often enough ppl will believe it".SAD!!! Sick really
So you would rather kick millions off healthcare? 
So instead of doing nothing you're pushing a shameful bill. How do you live with yourself?
Then stabilize the markets and craft a bill that actually helps not hurts millions! This bill is shameful! Hurts my disabled son! Lifethreat
Hey Bill, stop lying.
This is not a good bill, Bill.
It's a really bad bill, Bill.
https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/9/20/16341442/cassidy-health-plan-misleading-numbers …
Even your buddy Graham knows the bill is horrendous, Bill.
https://apnews.com/a017d33b2344493e8098d47ed2ceb087 …
This exists because you all have allowed insurance companies to hold our healthcare system hostage to their bottom line. #MedicareForAll
That's true. And you could work w Dems to fix that. But you won't.
Every GOP plan raises those premiums even more.
@POTUS @AP Keep pushing!! Pull healthcare out of the SWAMP and back to the states and communities!! AMABOCARE - TODAY!
Your plan is atrocious
Maybe if @GOP committed to the cost saving payments, rates wouldn't be so high.  The uncertainty in the market is the reason for high prices
U R a LIAR "Indeed, average annual costs per person hit $10,345 in 2016, that's not 40k LIAR!! @realDonaldTrump @GOP
@POTUS @AP Thank you Sen. Cassidy!! Reverse OBAMACARE - AMABACARE - AMERICANS MANDATE AFFORDABLE BETTER OPTIONS!! I had to let my ins go$$$
Louisiana refused to expand Medicaid until 2016. That $40K is not the fault of the existing system, but of their own state.
Your bill is worse than nothing. If you want to help those who are struggling, resume bipartisan talks and fix the flaws with the ACA.
If you really want to make things better, please try! But this bill is a failure; it's opposed by the AMA (@AmerMedicalAssn), ...
...ALA (@LungAssociation), AHA (@American_Heart), and CHA (@hospitals4kids), ALS Association, American College of Physicians, ...
...Academy of Pediatricians, Arthritis Foundation, Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, American Psychiatric Association, ...
...American Hospital Association, Nurses Association, National Health Council, Multiple Sclerosis Society, American Cancer Society, and...
...dozens more; also, @AARP, @MarchofDimes, and several GOP governors (including @MassGovernor, a political healthcare expert).
Several independent studies have found this bill to be catastrophic, in different ways at different times, but eventually to all states.
You keep talking about this fictional $40K/year premium. Produce the evidence. You can't do it because it's completely made up.
We have insurance through employer and our deductible is 9k, your friends at Aetna pocketing the money
You enabled those $40k price tags in the first place, don't act all high and concerned now.  You are fronting for tax cheats #KochWhore
So you're going to give them 5K premiums when they're healthy and 100K premiums if they get Cancer? That's not an improvement you moron.
Have MS and can't work. Cant afford for my insurance premium to go up. How could you?  #CassidyGraham
Perfect is here
#SinglePayer #MedicareForAll   NOW 
Call All Dems&Repubs   Demand it. 
Nov 2018 soon! 
202 225 3121
it's horrible legislation, "Doing nothing is not an option" is "Bullshit" at it's finest
YOU HAVE 32 LIKES...OBVIOUSLY NO ONE LIKES THIS CRAPPOLA PIECE OF LEGISLATION...lololo 645 REPLIES....DO THE MATH GOP.
Then FIX THE #ACA aka #Obamacare - rates are going up b/c of .@GOP bullshit and defunding! #StopTheSabotage #StopTheDisInformation
Is that why you're bribing @lisamurkowski to keep the ACA to buy her vote?
Ask @JimmyKimmelLive what he thinks. @GOP are lying to the public on this.
Your bill is not an option.  It's a disaster.
Yes.  Doing nothing isn’t an option so instead throw people off a bridge.
Graham-Cassidy is is so far from perfect, it's not even in the same universe as perfect. Power to states = millions denied coverage. Fiend.
How much did your $40K family pay before the ACA?  Were they even able to get coverage?
Charlatan "Dr" Cassidy My family health insurance is affordable under #ACA  but my premiums will skyrocket under your plan. Stop The Lies.
Please explain why you stopped Alexander-Murray talks for a bipartisan fix. You are rigging the system against Americans. Shame on you.
Stop, Collins and Nelson have a bill right now.
Your bill will not help. I will no longer be able to afford insurance. We aren't saying do nothing. Fix the ACA.
Why didn't you just wait and do the work to create a bi-partisan bill, which would give you the 60 votes (and not strand 32 million people)?
You would think a medical doctor would care!
$40,000 premiums? Either you're lying like #dotardinchief or you're quoting premiums for preexisting conditions if your bill passes.
EVERYONE WANTS TO WORK TO MAKE HEALTHCARE BETTER except GOP lawmakers Maybe try reaching out to experts for solutions. just a suggestion
Do you ever tell the truth?
I want to meet the family who is paying $40,000. If you can produce them, maybe we can start a gofundme to help them out. We'll wait.
L

so you help them by making their premiums more expensive?  Why not wait for the full CBO score if u r so sure about your price tag?
How about a bipartisan option? How about an option that doesn't raise the cost of healthcare for the majority of Americans?
So you solution is to literally quadruple their premiums. Only a GOP
Cassidy shame on you for screwing Louisiana
Bill, both you & @LindseyGrahamSC r LYING. Stop talking as if Dems aren't working 2 come up w/ a plan. Ask @SenAlexander - ex of biprtsnshp.
More lies from the man who brought you #GrahamCassidy. Bipartisan committee wking to fix ACA was killed @SpeakerRyan https://www.bcbs.com/news/press-releases/blue-cross-blue-shield-association-statement-graham-cassidy-health-care-reform …
Quit lying. No one said do nothing. You guys did nothing but obstruct for 8 yrs, just think if you did your job.Fix Ocare and stop bullshit
@LindseyGrahamSC ..look, more Dotards!
keep the bi partisan work going that Murray and Alexander started. ACA works. Strengthen it don't sabotage it. NO body said "do nothing"
Yes, they do. Unfortunately, your bill hurts them to help rich people. For shame.
Make that 32 million you will hurt when they lose insurance coverage.
Your plan is garbage & you & all of @GOP know it! Can't defend it so you lie. My family will pay appx. 26k more for my daughter's care! 
a) There was a bipartisan option in works (not "do nothing"); b) premiums are even higher under your "health" plan.
SO REPAIR THE ACA!  G-C will cause unfathomable harm to individuals, families! People will die! AMERICAN LIVES ARE NOT POLITICAL FOOTBALLS!
You don't have to do nothing. You could fix the ACA/Obamacare, instead of screwing the elderly & poor for the Koch Bros.
Ok don't do nothing, you all take the healthcare you are proposing!
#lies
STOP TRYING TO KILL ME!
Your plan sucks and you know it
40,000 dollar premiums are the fault of states sabotaging the law as it's intended to work, this law doubles those premiums
So jack up the premiums? Lifetime caps decided by others and pre-existing conditions an issue. You are such a liar.
STOP LYING! The Koch bros have you and every R by the balls if u have any left..
Dude, your bill is not the help. Everyone knows this so cut the crap and lying. You are humiliating yourself.
You're a joke

You're own Governor thinks this stinks.
President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
Fix Obamacare call it something else to calm down Trump. Just fix it.simple.
So you want to add another $142k on top of that? You're a soulless monster
You will forever be known as the a-hole who killed sick, elderly, disabled men, women & children (including veterans), all for the Koch's $$
A family that cannot afford $40K for insurance sure can't afford $142K. Your bill will cause people to die so rich folks save tax $.
So causing more harm to people & more deaths is better? Flawed logic Senator. Nobody likes your bill except other Rs & donors. Who likes it?
So your answer is to raise those premiums? If you think this is a good bill why won't you proceed via regular order?
You hold the Senate, the House, and the WH and still have to play games to pass it? Maybe that's a clue you shouldn't
Please point to the line in the bill that *explicitly* DEFINES threshold for what constitutes "adequate" & "affordable" under state wavier.
Do nothing wasn't the option. Bipartisanship work was under way with @SenMurray & @SenAlexander. You stopped that effort for this evil bill
They were going to do something. You guys stopped it.

Then why does your terrible bill not actually do anything to help them?
How is making their 40k jump to 120k a good thing. #lyinRepublicans at it again.
I'll pay if it means my daughter who has congenital heart disease isn't denied coverage or face life-time cap. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
It doesn't create competition.  It only creates losers.  You are making an immoral choice.  shame on you.
Nobody wants to "do nothing." Everyone wants to make it better. You have no conscience.U are lying through your polished white teeth.
Then help them! Don't fuck up my health plan, which is a God send thanks the ACA.
Your shitty leader @SenateMajLdr squashed bipartisan work that would actually help people so you could make this bill to hurt people. Shame
3/ as in, "a diarrhea of GOP senators are proposing to bankrupt and take health insurance away from American citizens." Apropos, no?
Too bad your bill only hurts people.
Total garbage. Do it right or don't bother. This is a terrible bill. Do your job.
People from all the states u mention go 2 other states 4 healthcare because of their governor's decisions liar.
Caving in to blackmail by the billionaire bankrollers?  For this you injure the whole of American medical care?  SHAME!!!!
Kindly prove that ridiculous claim. History will not look kindly on your craven act of desperation to maintain access to dirty #KochBucks

Even Paul Ryan knows about this inherent unfairness about the government giving about 4000 dollars a year per person in employer based...
insurance subsidies while denying them to everyone else..His solution of denying them to everyone isn't my choice but inherently correct..
...subsidize everyone or no one..his plan is on Page 15 of his "Better Way" plan.
At long last, sir, have you no sense of decency?
Then work with your Democratic colleagues. That WOULD be something. #historyhasitseyesonyou
you are lying - why? is someone paying you to lie? people will die due to your lies. Is it worth it? How will you live with yourself?
Explain how your bill fixes that issue. No one said "do nothing", but somehow you heard "do harm" anyways.
So how do they afford the $142k premium increase for cancer patients?Your plan kills the poor, elderly, disabled.Why are you proud of THAT?
How do you live with yourself?
That's what we had to pay pre-Obamacare. You're going to make us  pay that again just  so Koch Bros will fund your re-election #GOPTrash
Shame on you. This bill is garbage.
Hey Bill, stop lying!

No one believes the #ACA is perfect, but repealing it and letting people die is NOT a solution #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Shame on you! I'm from Louisiana and your healthcare bill will devastate alot of people! You say you are for us but you are not! Shame!
LIAR.
So if they don't choose your plan, that the same as doing nothing???  Get with Rand Paul.  He'll explain it to you.
Who said do nothing? Give me names....I'll go give them a swat up the side of the head with a wooden spoon, a la my granny. C'mon...who?
Satan is going to love giving you proctological exams with his massive Koch, Billy.

AARP: Older people could pay over $16,000 more per year under ObamaCare repeal bill http://hill.cm/CL5CBK0  
I completely agree... but your bill doesn't help at all!
And how does your bill help?  It doesn't - it makes everything worse.
The lying liars lie like they always lie
And your bill will only make things worse. #liar #phony #FailedJimmyKimmelTest

this lowers costs by pricing out those with pre existing conditions. So now we see our loved ones die as an alternative.
Yes, Senator, and you’re throwing them an anvil. #Shame
