Ef off I thought you were MAYBE a different kind of pachyderm I was wrong you're just another corporate owned jerk
Stop this insanity you have lost your soul
You better go talk to McCain.  He's going out a failure.
Still trying to sell snake oil???
Why pray tell Fox news??? Hmmmmmm I know I know! Sell out Lindsey!!
Couldn't care less what u have to say u traitor
Please tell the truth, You and Cassidy are going to kill thousands of people with your plan
I never tune in to the only " fake news". Fox is a disgrace to the journalistic profession.Take care of your constituents, not ur vile party
When did a "deadline" become so vastly more important than the goal? Disappointed!
Yes, good bullshit spewing linds !
More on GOP State TV channel.
No medical organization supports,even the freaking BCBS says this bill is horrible,who bought your soul @LindseyGrahamSC?
Koch brothers are running the show.
I understand that far to well, they own my "Senator" also. Damn shame!!Dad w/mest CA, VA informed us today never seen or treated this.
But hell w/him right?Has Medicare and Medicaid expansion,but let him die w/this plan!He sure doesn't have $141k premium est!
I am sorry for your Dad and also that you have to worry about it. My husband and I also will be in serious trouble. Such an evil plan!
My fellow South Carolinians -Remember what Lindsey Graham tried to do to you next election.  He has been corrupted by corporate money.
Would you be liking golden shower?
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Savage lol
But literally, what is he playing at? #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
No thx! Loser 
Sorry, John McCain says no go.
Better luck next time
Fox News = Safe Space. Stay there. It's working well.
THANKS FOR THE WARNING SUCMBAG
#Kochsucker
Wow Lindsey, I have lost all respect I had left for you!!
To hear you support your "healthcare " bill with lies? Why bother.
No way you sold-out greedy self-serving arrogant useless baby/senior killer.
Why? So we can watch you lie your way through an interview? I don't think so.
He sold out to the Kochs=$400 million=Americans die as a result of #CassidyGrahamBill
Psst. Do you think Koch will give $300M to Dems? Of course not.  Republicans get the money no matter how they vote.  
Lying to themselves.
I heard Kochs demanding payback by voting for this bill.

"Sorry, we have to cut your Medicaid. There's just not enough money" -- guy flying on a Lear Jet charter to Aspen.
Telling healthcare lies in the lies channel?
No thanks dotard.
I'm beginning to like you. Just #MAGA with @realDonaldTrump .
Lost all respect for you.  No excuse for trying to pass horrible, inhuman, pretend healthcare bill.
Yep a safe place. Try Rachel or Lawrence or Chris Matthews.
I am disappointed you are supporting this healthcare plan. You know it's not better. You know people will die. You are better than this.
No ty. Rather clean my oven. See you at the debate with sanders though
Expect to hear that 'scary' word 'socialism' from him a lot. No substance otherwise...
How many people will you kill with this bill?
Graham is the play to get McCain vote. Don't care about the bill, only any crap to say we repealed and replaced. Not America First!
No sir I will not listen to a pathological liar and killer of millions of people by taking away health care. You sold you soul to greed
I hope that the money that you will gain from the #KochBrothers is worth your soul. God help you. #GrahamCasiddyNo
Do you really think we don't know the truth? Intelligent, informed Americans know you're putting politics before people.
That day in the future when you meet your maker you will have the deaths of innocents  on your soul. #GrahamCasiddyNo
God is watching and knows. They have sold their souls decades ago.
Give us our healthcare and stop trying to kill us. This will be on your soul if it passes.
Our fear of what you can and will do with your power and your position is quickly being outweighed by our anger.
@LindseyGrahamSC if we met, I would look at you and without any doubt you would feel my loathing for what you are doing to sick children.

You are not worthy of your office. Some day you will be defeated and We The People will be better off without you.
75% of Americans will celebrate when creeps in this administration are removed one at a time.
@BernieSanders is our hero because he is calling for #MedicareForAll You are not! #GrahamCasiddy
@BarackObama and the Democrats are our heros but you sabotaged their first step towards Universal Healthcare.
But one day. We will rise up. All will have healthcare because even though you don't believe it we all deserve it.
You may get this bill passed with your bribes and you're rearranging of the rules and you're cheating. #GrahamCassidyNo
GOP healthcare bills do not pass because an entire country needs healthcare. Yet you don't care. #GRAHAMCASSIDYNO
Your healthcare bill has one goal. Shift the balance of money to the wealthy. We all know that. #GrahamCassidyKills
If you won't be ashamed of yourself, don't worry. The GOP senate is makes us all ashamed. #GrahamCasiddy
We already do know you for what you are. A money chasing politician without a soul. Be ashamed of yourself.
Beware an angry republic. Parents children brothers sisters grandparents will know the extent of your complicity.
We will prevail against all odds and you will be remembered as the villain in history. #GrahamCassidyNO
Even if you manage to get the health killing bill passed you will still lose in the end. #GrahamCassidyNo
We The People don't need or want you. You need the millionaires and the billionaires. #GrahamCasiddy
Do the right thing you are better than this @LindseyGrahamSC  you don't need to bow to $$$$. Just be a human who cares about humans
@YourVoiceUrVote what do you think about this?
Keep trying to throw sick people off of their health insurance Lindsey!
What is the going price for a human soul now a days?
Shame on you. You were elected to serve the people. You got lost along the way. $ is your God. #GrahamCasiddy
Why don't you speak with @chrislhayes ? Afraid you're going to actually be questioned about the lies you and @BillCassidy have spread?
Why would I? Your word has no integrity. You bribe Hawaii and Alaska with exemptions. #GrahamCasiddy
I #VoteNo on #GrahamCassidy!
Tune in for a bit of anti-American commentary, Russian propaganda, and straightforward lies. No thanks.
Of course, Fox News.Forget your new health care bill. You obviously don't understand what it says. Stick to foreign policy

Nope. I have heard enuff BS.
Sen. Graham, pls reconsider. The #GrahamCassidyBill will destroy healthcare for millions of Americans. Respectfully, it's a terrible bill.
Why do you GOP guys only talk with Fox News?
You should stick to foreign policy.  You are lying about the provisions in this bill
#manic you are literally all over the map. This #trumpcare Lindaey is a hot mess.
Hell no! I have heard enough of your evil plans to kick people off of healthcare. SHAME on you and the evil GOP. A bunch of lying a..holes!
Koch money is 400 million and individuals who lose healthcare is 32 million. You put a value of $12.50 per America life. Shame on you.
FETUSES ARE PRECIOUS, SACRED & MUST BE PROTECTED!

So your guaranteeing prenatal coverage?

OH HELL NO! TYRANNY!
Sorry Sen Graham,  you lost me! Putting forth a lousy healthcare bill when you know it will hurt people is too much for me to take!
Talk to someone besides your base, it isn't liberal talking points the health care bill says what it does.
Instead of showing up on another TV show why don't you actually read your Graham-Cassidy bill and realize what a piece of crap it is??
Haste makes waste you know that
You are no longer a gentleman sir! You are a cad!
I will not
Screw you, Lindsey.
More lying about his healthcare plan. Graham is repulsive.
Why are you and every single @SenateGOP so damn afraid to go on @msnbc, for instance? Talk to @maddow @Lawrence @JoyAnnReid. Talk to ALL ?
You've lost all my respect w/ the DISGRACEFUL bill you intend to vote on. You don't care about the people..the same people who voted for u.
*sigh* 
Clean REPEAL of nightmare Obamacare or you Paul Ryan,McConnell, McCain will not be back in DC-stop lying to American taxpayers
You are perpetrating a fraud on the most vulnerable of our population just to appease @realDonaldTrump and give tax cuts to the rich. SAD!!!
Faux News??? Why? Because that network will be easy on you? KilltheBill!!!
Of course you go on Fox! Not honest enough to go on real news shows where they ask real questions!
You have lost my respect. You have lost your integrity. Stand up for the American people, not a failing, trump-led GOP.
Yes. Can't wait see you salivate at the thought of taking away my healthcare.
Why only fox news? Coward.
You are going on the propaganda machine. You know, the only place you can sell this shit.
You're my senator. I'm disappointed that you've abandoned conservative principles to rush this travesty of a bill to a vote without debate.
Who cares.  You lie through your teeth

Sry Fox News blows!
I liked you better when stood up to Trump for the American people not fold like a wimp
You are a liar and don't care about the people you represent. 
I'm not Foxified Lindsey! We all know about the lies you will spew anyway. I am really surprised you want to tow the line w Trump. For shame
Nod to @ASlavitt
Your bill does not protect people with preexisting conditions. You lie about this.

How do you sleep at night? Must be the comfort of knowing you have government insurance. You're horrible. So disappointed.

Don't watch Faux News so NO
I see greedy old white men ~
Good luck on the fair and balanced.  :)
Under G-C, in 2020 a 60 y/o Floridian earning $25K/yr pays over $20K/yr for health care OR MORE for pre-existing conditions.  HELL  NO!
SORRY I MISSED IT! DID YOU TELL MORE LIES ABOUT YOUR SHIT SANDWICH OF A HEALTHCARE PLAN???
Fake News with a Lying Senator on bad Healthcare. Boycott.
Why do you keep going to the zombies- talk to the rest of America about taking away Healthcare for 31 million people
Hope you won't be spreading lies
You should be ashamed of yourself and what you are attempting to do to hardworking Americans. Your #DeathCareBill sucks
No thanks.
No way, there was a time that I occasionally liked you, no more. You are intentionally putting   people in harms way. Blocking healthcare.
Sorry Fake News #Foxsucks
Why would you do that? Show some respect...self respect. I think very highly of you...most of the time. Just NOT now.
Sounds great
Had respected you. Unpatriotic. Only care about your big donors. Cruel.
When are you going to tell the truth? That this bill is nothing but "garbage" that will cost innocent Americans millions and their lives?
We have ways of making him care. Stop Congress from using any health care beyond what they buy for the rest of us.
Why do you only go on Fox "fake" news
Won't listen to your lies.  Will you tell the world how you have offered Alaska an exemption from this bill, if they vote for it?
So when will you be on a real news network?
How about you, Bret?

Will ~you~ ask Lindsey Graham why he wants to kill my dad?

#LindseyCareKills
No I don't listen to pricks.
I am so disappointed in you, Sen Graham.  You, Cassidy, and Johnson putting out false information, and a poor bill.
No.
Not a chance
Since you are going to be on Bret Baier, discuss raises for seniors on SS!!! #SSraises
I am sorry that the South Carolina citizens can't see through your fake NEWS about ACA!
Lies lies and more lies ! No thanks

Don't you have a job to do
Still on state media run by russians/trump
Do you do interviews with ANY other news channels?
Are you going to tell us why your bill is good or just spew negativity about Obamacare? Americans are sick of the negativity & Trump
Happily lying your way across every media outlet that will have you.
Who knew hurting poor, old, pregnant. and young ppl could get attention
Just want you know I hold you personally responsible for what's about to happen to the very young and very old and will be on your back
Stop this insanity! Your bill will kill ppl!
Back to the #EchoChamber
Hope in one hand...
Talking about the damage you're trying to do to children and old people? You really know how to make Fox and their folks happy!
What to sell your fake healthcare bill,its a loser!
Bret? HE'S THE WORST. Most biased of all news folks. Won't get the truth from him
Nope fake news channel
I am a constituent Florence.  Why are you trying so hard to make sure I die? I voted for you every time.  Never again. Fix ACA. STOP REPEAL!
So i can listen to you lie your ass off... no thx
In the bill please remove healthcare for congress.
RNC, JEEZ, TYPOS!
Not likely.  I once thought you were a voice of reason for the DMV and a man of God.  Now I know you're a sell out just like the rest.
I'll be busy watching paint dry
@LindseyGrahamSC can you go on a network that doesn't lie please.
@LindseyGrahamSC is Fox the only network there is?
Sorry, my TV is programmed to self-destruct if Fox News is on longer than 4 seconds.
I have lost all respect for you!
PASS THE BILL!
I'm sure you plan on talking about how you plan on taking away insurance for 32mil people for Koch money, right?
When Hell freezes over. #GrahamCassidySucks #NeverRepeal
You afraid to go on CNN or NPR?
Fox again?  Have you tried expanding your horizons for both feedback and outbound communication?
Nope. Too many of my brain cells get in the way
I respected you for standing up against Russian collusion, but not with this " No Care Bill " how can you do this to Millions of Americans?
ALL FOR MONEY. $$$$$$$$. I supported @LindseyGrahamSC for years - no more.
#noagetax
Why Fox? Won't real news allow your lies? You embarrass us.
Alone the money your party pays for Trump to stiff the taxpayers and Prices private jet ride could finance people in need.
I would rather go to the doctor, I need to hurry before losing coverage under your disastrous bill!
on Fox news to peddle your lie. imagine our surprise. #koch_owns_me
Would love it if you responded to my request for help on my daughters immigration case.  I am one of your constituents.
Wow! As a Canadian who at one point thought you actually cared for your people, I’m disappointed but not surprised
Y go? Most ppl who watch Fox already love the plan you're shoving down the throats of Americans. Anything I said nice about u I withdraw!
Be a guest on Rachel Maddow or Chris Hayes!
Not to listen to you and your bull.
The plan. Please strengthen the clause on pre existing conditions.  Compel states to provide coverage for those people.Must be affordable
Thank you for clearing that up. I'm amaze New York was getting a lot of money yet insurance thru Obama was just un affordable for me
Why don't you kill a few people first, you know, try it out, wet your appetite
Fat chance Trump hater.
#FixACA
#GrahamCassidyDeathBill is how it will be remembered
Be a man and go on MSNBC tonight
Can you address lifetime caps?
To watch you lie to the American public on a second rate conservative propaganda centre. Thanks, but NO
