Republican Sens. Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy are set to push their health care bill in CNN's debate http://cnn.it/2wQbsrq  
It'll never pass. It shouldn't.  It sucks. Again I ask: Is Federalism more important than Public Health?  Any rational person would say NO.
CNN?? Really?
We need this passed.
Stop. Trying. To. Kill. Me. And. My. Family.
Waste of my time over a dead bill
So now you've taken to retweeting a bunch of lies.... orange monkey see, orange monkey do.
you made a shitty case earlier today. drop it.
And totally ignored the humanity of the protestors. I believe that's called being a chicken.
Can't help vulnerable ppl when there's weapons to buy. PS...Lindsey's plan contracts economy by 240B. GOP is special kind of genius.
I'll be watching MSNBC Rachel Maddow!
Hahahahahaha
Not if it means I have to watch CNN?FNN!
Who is bill Cassidy who ever heard of him what did he champion in the senate or Louisiana useful to the Americans. he is used for quantity.
embarrassing debate from ur camp. U were a little bit better than Cassidy - this guy is really incompetent / feel sorry 4 his 4mer patients!
A better use of your time would be to work on articles of impeachment for your unhinged POTUS.
Great job Sen Graham and Sen Cassidy. You both wer calm cool and professional! Pass the bill get HC out of fed to states.
FAIL!
What happened to your commitment to "BIPARTISAN reform" and improved access? #KillTheBill
As Sen G said NO one would lift a finger to help until Graham/Cassidy bill was drafted Schumer said NO
You got cooked, son.
Senator Graham, I disagree with pretty much everything you've ever said.  But your defense of John McCain was admirable and moving, sir.
The mean-spirited, deeply unpopular, and likely to not pass steaming pile of a bill? Time to retire.
turd sandwiches for sale! turd sandwiches for sale!
You don't have the votes, you don't have the votes hahahaha @Lin_Manuel just saw #Hamchi again and it fits here!  Prayers and help for PR!!
Bad bill
I have lost ALL respect for you after supporting you for years. You are lying to the American people. How do you sleep at night?
"Escapees from Area 51 explain their plan to serve man."
No thanks. A debate won't improve your tax cuts for the rich. It's not a health care bill. It's a cruel, racist driven white men agenda. NO!
the Americans want Cassidy to be  pandemic rather than epidemic.
Bill Cassidy should go back to Louisiana instant of being  National problem it can be reduced to a regional problem in medical language 1/2
You got owned but the Bern, Mr. Majority Leader...
I’ll pass listening to you promote the lies.
Hey gurl, from one old queen to another, just admit you're the bottom on this one and take it like a man #YouLostAgain
I do not watch #FakeNews CNN, sorry.
I've heard your lies already. No need to listen again
let it go, brother
How about doing something more sensible and investigate Trump? Stop this nonsense and finally let us have a free country without Trump.
This is a travesty! Why do you want to hurt the American people? Do you have friends or family with preexisting conditions? Do you care?
Too bad you wasted your entire political capital on this ghastly bill that harms so many.  "Federalism" really means tax cuts for the 1%.
You had 7 years or bitching, its not Voters fault you weren't working behind the scenes on a plan.
Stop pushing a bad bill so big donors will donate!! Vulnerable Americans are at risk and you're playing witht thier lives. Shame!
you bombed dude.
You lied thru the entire broadcast
Stop trying to kill people, Christ
Every credible medical association hates your bill. It must be really bad.
You’re a joke!
#GrahamCassidy must have a powerful lobbyist pushing this bad #health "care" bill

@LindseyGrahamSC  DAMN, MAN.  LET IT GO. NO ONE WANTS ACA REPLACED WITH SOME GOP PLAN JUST INTENDED TO ERASE OBAMA'S LEGACY.
Give it up you paid off jerks!
hey @LindseyGrahamSC! you got embarrassed. but at least you have something in common with your bill
TERM LIMITS!!!!!
Why can't republicans repeal and replace Ocare.I can't afford Ocare,  what can I do. 
Not voting Republican in 18 if you can't work together
Senator I'm amazed that you seem to have learned about twitter. Your bill is getting atrocious evaluations
So glad that Repubs suck at legislation.  How many years again did you have to craft a repeal plan?
Let's don't and say we did. Or how about we talk about PUERTO RICO?
You're part of the Federal government.  ACA collapse is mostly a Republican myth.
Please just stop. It's a horrible bill. Follow John's lead.
Your total lack of humanity on the opiod crisis is appalling. You did not answer her question except to talk about finances. Shame on you.
Do not repeal ACA; fix it! Do something good for the sake of your fellow citizens.
You are selling death to appease Koch's who want tax cut and that will not happen without money from Health Care. You are deplorable.
Still I think your bill is dead and I don’t believe in it
Why, you will just lie. You need to give big donors huge tax cuts with the lives of 10,000 Americans every year.
2 completely out of touch men who need to be voted out of office soon!
Will jimmy kimmel be there!
????
I'll be at your office on the Pendleton Square t'row to protest your "plan"...the media will be there as well...
No thanks had enough BS from you Republicans today
And we are prepared to push Sens. Graham & Cassidy out of office at the first opportunity.  Try regular order and bipartisan work.
Killer
Why is CNN continually pushing smut peddlers?!?!? A debate is only a debate when both sides have a truth.
@SenSanders is smarter than you and is also on the moral high ground. Sad!

Amy's kicking your butt
Fix it!!!! No repeal!!!!
Please don't. So many will lose access. Many will be at risk of medical bankruptcy.
This is amazing.
You have shown us exactly who you are. We won't forget.
You can't justify letting people die so the wealthy get their tax cuts.
Cassidy said he doesn't support having Medicare negotiate drug prices to make drugs cheaper.
Why are you trying to destroy everything that already makes this country great? #DestructiveGOP
You are a shame.
No way
I wouldn't let these guys sell me a used car.
Hahaha. Your bill is dead
Repeal and replace Graham Cassidy- the healthcare bill will kill grandma.
Bill Cassidy missed his calling as a televangelist 
Lindsay please stop this madness!
It's as dead as your career
Good gracious you are full of lies. Sincerely, a South Carolina voter.
No, your plan is BAD Bring back the House bill & Vote Yes it was a good plan
Graham and Cassidy are double-talking their plan. Lying compulsively on CNN.
Ugh. Cassidy makes me sick.
Moot.
Isn't this dead already?
I always disagreed with you but I respected you as a conservative. Not anymore what are you doing?
You ever stop and think about how wrongheaded and evil your efforts on this are? Nah I would guess not. Did you know we can see it anyway?
Your best statement though  was :Medicare will end up costing more than Defense!"  Those that forfeit freedom for security... Your Words!
I want to know if there are impeachment plans moving forward B4 the nuclear war, or if u guys plan on waiting until after we've been bombed?
I'd tune in if I was confident you guys would tear @SenSanders a new one.
If I don’t have time to watch, can you just email me the lies?
Stop it already, Senator. We don't want this. Fix what we have.
What's the point? If you understand the bill, why watch it? If you don't understand, you will fall for the lies.
If republicans wouldn't have robbed the resources of Alaska Everything would be cost efective.
DOA
Please don't destroy ACA & healthcare for millions, fix what's wrong via bipartisanship!
Why?
Why you decided to bet your reputation over this bill is beyond me. Unfollowing you; your friend J. McCain seem to be quite wiser than you
You expect the people to believe that you couldn't figure out the laws problems and correct what was already in place?
This debate is legit
This is a very dangerous bill.  It is worst than ACA.
can you please just quit?  Your #GrahamCassidyBill sucks and NO ONE wants it.  Throw in the towel, work with dems and make America Healthy
You said yourself that you are responsible for your state so why did you allow Insurance companies to gouge the people?  Is there a COI?
@BillCassidy
I will be Voting you out
#NoGrahamCassidy   No Repeal.  Make the ACA better.
Sorry Lindz, our break up is complete! U are going straight 2 hell along w/ the rest of your heartless .@GOP brethren. God is very mad, BTW.
#NoGrahamCassidy  Please set aside your politics and listen to the people. PEOPLE BEFORE PARTY!!
Good luck on your raping and pillaging!
Would you mind telling @BillCassidy to stop lying about what your bill will do? Or is it that you guys don't even know what it does?
Lindsey, I am sad to say I am ashamed of your over this health care issue.  The Lindsey Graham I know is better than this.
Why? Your rediclous bill has been defeated. Are you going to the working together now? Doubtful. I used to think you could b a leader.
Will y'all be addressing this at all?
Dude, stop beating that horse, it died a long time ago!  Stop with the lies!  Shame on you and the GOP!
$12k premium and $11k deductible Obamacare not working, let's try and improve it. Accomplish something good.
Senator Graham, you sir have ended your career by getting into this bill. The voters will not forget this.
Sorry. I'm boycotting bullshit.
REPEAL the entire Obamacare like the @GOP has promised. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan. @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
No thanks
@CNNPolitics It's over. #GrahamCassidyBill is dead.  #TakeTheKnee
Keep polishing that turd.  It will turn up not gold any minute now.
I was actually starting to support you with your pushback against trump but this bill is a horrifying disregard for American lives
SHAME!
Go home, you're drunk.
This is grotesque, you should be ashamed of yourselves debating people living or dying on nat'l tv. The GOP is irreparable.
Can't wait to see your tears of failure
Nobody cares. Enough lies. Americans suffering in #PuertoRico, poison water in Flint, n ur HC bill will cause more deaths!
Take this pathetic health care bill throw it in the garbage can @SpeakerRyan
In medical terms maybe you'll understand this: D.O.A.
GOP RINO AH will  let USA down . It's over for  GOP Lindsey.  Good try
How about no. This POC is as dead as the people who need it would eventually be. Kiss your seat goodbye
#EverythingTrumpTouchesDies
Over this bill and over you both.
Why,? It's dead.
No
Single-payer!
Don't need to see or hear about your junk bill or Bernie
Since 2000, funding for 13 EXISTing major low-income health, housing, and social services block grants has fallen by 37% #NoGrahamCassidy
You're wasting everyone's time, Lindsey. We don't want your stupid bill, we want the ACA strengthened, not repealed. GOP promises mean shit.
Senator, you have demonstrated that any crappy trial attorney can one day become a US Senator. Also, have you read this bill? Embarrassing.
Sorry. You lost any appreciation. I might have had for you.
I bet you have a nervous breakdown and Cassidy starts mumbling to his dead grandmother.  And all for Trump. I pity you.

Six reasons why white male conservatives want to control the reproductive lives of poor brown women http://www.rawstory.com/2015/07/why-are-white-male-conservatives-forcing-more-abortions-and-births-on-poor-brown-women-here-are-six-theories … …
I only watch serious people debate serious stuff. All I see is two Republican clowns, the egomaniac Bernie
I don't need a #Healthcare debate to know who supports what. Americans 1st, NOT Mega-Donors, Pharma, Insurers.
We absolutely cannot WAIT to watch @SenSanders mop the floor with your weaselly self.
Oh. We'll be there. Lol. Bernie and Amy are gonna mop the floor with your goofy asses.
Nope. Hope this flawed thing fails and fails fast. Gnight.
Shut up you attempted murderer......
There is nothing to debate, you cannot even get the votes!

"The switch to a government-run single-payer system should have been made decades ago." -@wvgazettemail http://www.wvgazettemail.co/gazette-editorials/20170917/gazette-editorial-is-it-time-for-health-care-for-all-yet … …@SenSanders
Why? You already lost
Forgit about anyone watching - it’s already down the tube with every reputable group on earth.
@SenatorCollins will vote no. Debate on CNN a moot point.
Nope. #noGrahamCassidy
Its over, McCain stabbed you in the back.  Im not watching, especially cnn, of all networks.  Really?
Obamacare has been a success in places it was actually implemented.
Isn't it already dead in the senate
No.
No Mr. President, providing health care to every man woman child as a right is not a curse it's exactly what we should be doing. @SenSanders
You need to talk about this:
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/trump-melania-howard-stern-tapes-bang-beauties-comments-a7967061.html … When dementia prevents Trump from recognizing Melania & he "feels her up" in public, he thinks he has another score.
why? To hear you lie? No thanks. You're no better than the orange one. #HealthcareIsAHumanRight
I would but Hannity comes on at 9 pm
Lost cause. Give it a break.
#KillTheBill
I couldn't think of a worse way to spend my evening than watching you 2 lie to the country
tl;dr It's their own fault for being sick don't give them any of my steak money.
Nope , we won't listen to you bs Or spin
What's the point to watch ...NEXT
Lmao it's dead in the water
Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the  investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!
I'm taking notes!  I expect to learn a lot tonight.  Everyone should watch!
Can’t wait to hear your lies on national TV! Signed, a constituent.
why bother?  #PuertoRico
I wish you and John McCain could trade places.
