Senator I support you Please do not vote for the Health Care Act. Stand up and demand an investigation of DJT/ Russia
have to deal with Trump. With Gorsuch, he will be unstoppable. Checks & balance senator! This is how we keep USA safe.
Think Senator Graham! Say, if tomorrow you're no longer around anymore. Who is going to protect us? Bad enough we
Great respect 4 you but Rep Senate not voting on J Garland was tantamount to a coup. Inexcusable 4 a patriot like Yourself
Senator, I am a conservative D. "We are here" because Repub Sen denied J. Garland a mere constitutionally mandated vote.
Russia ffs.  Calm yourself on Gorsuch, considering we've been able to go over a year without you can wait a minute
: I agree.hold off on nomination til the trump dust settles.we r reeling from too much-too soon :(
Please vote for the people, not for yourself. NO to Gorsuch!  Pretty Please! We can't undo history.
No Thank You.
Gorsuch hearings must stop b/c Trump & Co under serious investigation! Nunes leaked intel to Ryan. This is bullshit man!
but wait, aren't they fake news?  #confused.
Yes they are fake news. Grahams a fake American & a fake Republican. He needs to resign.
by that I mean heartless & cruel when it comes to giving tax breaks to the rich on the backs of poor'
WHY do you speak to CNN?
please put Gorsuch nomination on hold till after Russky investigations r done.do 1 thing well,not 5 things poorly.
great but I think after Nunes fiasco we need a senate select committee to investigate Trump et al.
"Thou Shall Not Steal" -Merrick Garland's SEAT! This is an OUTRAGE!
Even Gorsuch nom. couldn't draw me to #fakenews network.
WHAT SAY YOU ON THE HEALTHCARE BILL?
Did you explain why you never voted on Merrick Garland?
Opposed to Gorsuch. Sides against workers & consumers every time. NO! NO! NO!
I don't always agree with you but I respect you, sir. I know you are a good man. Gorsuch is nothing like you.
Getting the Putin Admin. out of the White House should be a top priority.  Until then, who cares about Gorsuch?
Nunes must recuse himself.
You and McCain scared of trump and his cronies? They reek of corruption ! Do your job! Independent commission !
Stolen scotus seat, illegitimate GOP pres. again,shitty trumpcare, Russian ties all over,cover up!! The GOP proud???
Not his seat, was stolen! Garland should be appointed or seat left open. Pres. under investigation can't appoint
how about some Nunez info? You and your buddy McShame should be a tad bit embarrassed right now.
Graham says " The GOPs are the only ones that should get paid and NOT have 2 do our jobs"
Graham says "Americas need 2 understand that America Will be owned by Russia very soon"
#StopGorsuch & #Prosecute #TrumpRussia #HangTraitors #HangSpies #ProsecuteCrimes #Committed #Against #America
The Gorsuch hearings should be put on hold until the Russian investigation is over. This is too serious to ignore!
Lindsey Graham, I'm convinced U R in the wrong party! U R not a true Republican! Hope u lose U next time election! SMH
American citizens deserve the same healthcare that legislators have. We ARE all in this together, right?
RINO!
since Trump has filed & is campaigning for 2020 will U agree w/ @SenateMajLdr no Supreme Court hearing in election yr?
Typical Republican Party politics blame Dem's & their constituents for upheaval over Gorsuch. He's not right choice!
No on Neil. Hold hearings on Merrick Garland.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @senmarcorubio Can you speak to the American People about #Nunes
do you like him? He seems like Eddie Haskel. Srsly weird.
Was disappointed that you dont believe we need an ind investigation into #Trumprussia The @GOP have sold their soul
I don't watch CNN. Don't bother because no one else seems to either...
#Independentinvestigation
Another clear and logical interview. Please keep up the good work, Senator Graham. #Statesman #SCvoter
Hypocrisy at its finest; Graham & Republicans vowed NO hearing/NO vote on Obama Court pick for 13 MONTHS!
garland was a great choice too bad you would not do your job.
Tuned in, Gorsuch cringed as your comments confirmed there is a conservative court when he was saying it doesn't exist.
Really listen to Katyal about what you did to Garland. Biden was wrong. Gorsuch will forever be illegitimate.  #StolenSeat
2 thumbs up for your speech on Gorsuch! 
to criticize democrats for not wanting this judge it the height of hypocrisy! The name Garland ring a bell?
No way should Trump nominee be considered with impeachment hanging over his head.
Entire Administration, until proven otherwise, should be considered #NullandVoid #WalksLikeADuck
Honey, you need to stop hating yourself for who you are. Come out of the closet already. It's ok. @LindseyGrahamSC @CNN
speak on INDEPENDENT investigation, tax returns, RyanCare fiasco
It may be Wolf's birthday, but he still should never hint that there could be more than 1 Lindsey Graham. And a D too!
I just heard you. Why shouldn't a Senator vote no when her base asked her to? Aren't they supposed to represent them?
you suck!
one of his decisions was overturned by the court u want to appoint him to...does he make good & just rulings?
Do you think that a president under federal Investigation should be picking a Supreme Court Justice?
I agree #Gorsuch is a good judge. Too bad he is indirectly appointed by #Putin which makes him #ILLEGITIMATE! @SCOTUS
I'm tuning into @FoxNews then.
Wish I could watch you but can't take CNN any longer
No one wants to hear anything you have to say. I bet you are wetting your pants after today.
Please ask him why they stalled on Garland and hurry on Gorsuch. Also ask, when spec prosecutor for DJT.
I may be a democrat, but I always stop what I'm doing when you speak on CNN. Much integrity. You would have my vote!
Pres. Obama disrespected because he is a Black man. Stolen Supreme Seat. Trump disrespected because he is lying conman
Nunes, the investigator, just colluded with Trump, the subject of the investigation
Nunes' actions call for an independent investigation.
It's shameful how you are promoting Gorsuch's nomination, stolen from Obama admin. Shame on you!
Why you didn't run president? We need a President with compassion and common sense. Trump is mentally inestable.
Would not be right to confirm this nominee while Prez is under investigation that may lead to impeachment.  Sorry.
Totally agree.  Illegitimate And discredited POTUS should not nominate applicants to Supreme Court.
come on Senator!! We both know Nunes is smearing the FBI, spreading  conspiracy theories & putting party over country
use nuclear option. It's a stolen seat & I don't want any Dem to confirm Gorsuch.
#fakenews don't watch it
I enjoyed your balanced, well thought out and heart felt words tonight on CNN. The U.S. could use more LG's.
Only 1/3 of Senate, who confirms the nominee, was up for re-election in 2016. We must wait until 2020.
fair man right here. You should be a democrat honestly
Your president is under investigation by the FBI, we do not want his #SCOTUSnominee
great interview and yes, great judges transcend party affiliations. This Dem thinks Gorsuch a good man too.
You're lying about Biden..he made a suggestion & went on to say he would vote for the nominee regardless..Liar!
Don't b.s. us. There is no instance of refusing to hold a hearing on a SCOTUS nominee in the last year of a term.
except of course when you blocked Garland.
I am very liberal.... I think you are a class act. I would never have a problem casting a vote for you.
Graham is a very disturbed man - Sounding FAKE Russian drums- willing to kill the Russian and American people with war
please.go.away
#rhino #fool
gorsuch is lying he will be another Roberts we don't want him! He's a corporate shill
I think you're a decent man just in the wrong party
Watching you, while we may disagree on some matters, I admire your perspective, intellect and honest candor, thank you
Fantastic Informative interview. Read the health bill and change what's wrong. Don't rubber stamp.
Unless You Saw What Nunes Saw You can't say what you did to CNN. You traitor 2Trump ADMIn on CNN Today. No Respect 4U
.                        Why are you so against our President?  Stop blocking progress, you are a total disaster.
Intel Source Who has access 2Trump Server Investigation Told Reporter @SaraCarterDC FISA Warrant was 4 Trump Tower
You should run as a Democrat next time. Your "gesture to be fair" is really anti-Trump by precluding info.
Mmmmm sounds delish. You tall drink o lemonade.
big whoop, what about Denis kuchenich ? Mr. Graham what makes your privacy more important than trump
What U told CNN Re:Nunes Not what Intel Source Who involved N Investigation of Surveillance Trump Server Told @SaraCarterDC
you should really use respected MSM! CNN isn't the place to do your speaking!!
and how he was unanimously overruled today by the SCOTUS re IDEA??
the only one really interested in the crime assoc with unmasking was Nunez and Gowdy ,so Nunez updated him on masking
your kidding, it was reported manafort worked in 2005, at that time bush was looking  into Putins soul.
I really wish u didn't like this ideologue. And it should be garland and u know it!
No to Gorsuch.
Really I did not hear you talk about Judge you gave CNN reasons to bash @POTUS I hope you get voted out office
You would have to pay me to watch. My TV does not have the CNN channel.
You should look for a new job. You pathetically coward-es sell out! Trump is guilty, and you are 2 for covering it up!
Merrick Garland should have gotten a meeting you are HYPOCRITE! Come 2018 - Starbucks is hiring! 
#GOPTRAITOR
I am a dem too but Mr. Graham... You are a man of integrity! 
stop giving cover for Nunes. He needs to recuse himself
why, because it doesn't fit the Russian narrative? smh
because it's bullshit, SMH
and how you failed in your duty and it should be Garland hearing?
Do you work for them now?  Might as well!
talking about surveillance @snowden told us  they are spying on all of us, all the time, & now your concerned, thanks
Part of the cover-up?Incidental collection a problem for you?What wouldn't you want independent intel 2 know. Not exec
Watching now. @CNN
#sorry, but it's still Garland's turn!!!
confirm gorush  repeal obama care reduce redundant paperwork and regulations reduce unnecessary cost enforcetravelban
please commend the @JudiciaryDems for their honoring of the Constitution, unlike the @SenateGOP last year w/Garland.
The #Merrick seat is STOLEN and indirectly nominated by Russia #ILLEGITIMATE
I'm tired of your continued tweets about scotus nom. @gop is a chocolatey mess and this is least of your problems. Chaos!
Unfortunately Nunes inappropriate response to the Trump wiretap false accusation is going to overshadow this.
America needs a hold on anyone connected to Putins puppet!! MUST have independent investigation!!!
sorry tuned into the five other treason stories
I hope u got chnce to comment on this bogus incidental collection story. American ppl are not stupid
lol. Nope. You get to talk about Nunes.
call for and independent investigation on Nunes and Trump.
We need you to stand up for the truth against the shills in your party. I'd say the same for DEMs. We need common sense policy debate
I used to respect you but no more. Slow down on the SCOTUS push. You can only gain, if you do.
please confront the overt corruption displayed by Nunes. What will you do to protect our Republic and democracy?
Nunes obstructed justice during criminal investigation & he was on the transition team. Need independent invest stat!
I hope you address the Nunes nonsense today
Nobody wants to watch #CNN aka #CorruptNewsNetwork. 
And we're keeping an eye on you and #McCain.  @CNN
what about Nunes!!!!
HIS NOMINATION IS ILLEGITIMATE AND GREATLY TARNISHES THE INTEGRITY OF THE US SUPREME COURT.  BLAME @SenateMajLdr
Hope they ask you why nomination shouldn't be held off while Russia investigation is underway.
I want to hear what you have to say about Nunes's press conference today.
What about the Nunes drama?
Can you also talk about the @DevinNunes situation
Where are you in the Nunes situation?
