You're a class act sir! You need to stand up, stop this nonsense, and take the party back from these guys! Enough is enough!
GET RID OF THE PUTIN PEOPLE IN THE WH FFS! what's wrong with you???
I completely agree with you about defunding Palestine, but you need to Stand Up and Beside Our POTUS, Mr. Senator.
Get it done!!
WHO'S SIDE U ON LIND? FOLLOW...
Important issue but a more immediate threat is our president, who appears to be an honorary Putin oligarch. Do something.
Not a big fan of yours but I appreciate your love for Israel
Why can't these worthless politicians wake up and use these funds to help our American Veterans?   Why is there a discussion?
NO SUPPORT!!
The Solution of Taylor Force Act will terminate payments for acts of terrorism against U.S. and Israeli citizens.
The reason why there haven't been peace btn Israel and Palestine is because the so-called mediator America is always siding with Israel.
Graham has lost his mind.  His actions yesterday were disgraceful. Leave the party.
Should make Netanyahu happy now cut off Israel
Great idea but you need to go further by reducing free helicopter rides and adding more tap dancing classes at the local bathroom stalls
Too much pandering to Israel. This bill also doesn't help Israel btw.
This bill helps humanity
Shouldnt help the rat.
Hell Yes. It's about time
Why were we funding them to start with?  Who started this?
How can there be a peace when USA the mediator is ALWAYS SIDING with ISRAEL since Clinton's presidency.
"Pay to Slay" catchy term for murder,terror for hire

Well, he has got this right. I'm shocked that we have to propose a stop to what should have never existed in our politics. What fools we are
Who will support a traitor you didn't endorses the republican candidate and kniw your doing your best discredit Trump the magnificent loser
Best joke ive heard all day
It was great to watch you today.. each question you had was well-needed and well-executed.
We want to respect our president but how can we??
Mr. Graham, America is lucky to have you.. Let me thank you for all that you do for us Americans
We should not be giving them money! Fix this country first! An maybe other in bad needs! In bad times!
Corrupt to the core…
I support defunding the Palestinian authority best idea you had yet and senator you need to stand by President Trump don't cave to the msm
You know Mr. Graham, in my opinion, you are the best GOP in the whole government, but I'm Canadian so I don't count. Enjoy ur tweets!
Oh, yay, Lindsey Graham. You can come back from the chorus line.
Cut Them Off!!

the worst, .... like Benghazi, but 34 dead rather than 4, .... 
YES
Maybe you can apply those funds to I don't know good causes home.
"Let's just starve them to the table." How about ramping up support for this crooked administration you coward?
We resent billions going to Israel to support Apartheid, land theft, illegal settlements and illegal occupation! End aid to Israel Our tax$$
Unfortunate and sad for the death of his son, but no one should be visiting an apartheid state!
Who's son?
Oh ok, got it!
If you don't support Trump, change your affiliation. You are a traitor.
While funding the Israeli military. What was it $38B because they somehow stabilize the region.
When Israelis spy and kill Americans, we reward them with billions of aid. #rachelcorrie #USSLiberty #BDS
Cut the funding for Israel Zionist state.!!!
Ah look another anti Israel antisemitic "resister"
Shame on you Lindsey! Your blind bias towards Israel is shameful. You're getting paid for play by an Apartheid terrorist country. #noethics
Grandstand much?
All the best to you, Taylor's family and all that have supported this act.It should pass overwhelmingly.
It is OK to reward billions to daily land theft and crimes against the Pals. We know AIPAC owns U and your repulsive party of Putin.
Yeah, your masters AIPAC at work, better listen to them. Billions to the land thieves war criminals is ok for you. #USSLiberty
How about introducing bill to cut off support to POTUS in bed with Putin? You consider yourself a patriot. What is more important than that?
#RESIST THE TYRANNY!
Why don't you do your job and stand up to the traitors in the White House?
But it's just fine to give billions to the Israelis?  Better idea. Don't send either my money!!!
That's a very dumb and narrow minded comparison
Before this, I never even knew who was VP, please be the hero we know you can be,do. #Impeachment & let me b a sheep again!& Delete my acct
Two state solution.
$266m a year in foreign aid to the Palestinian Authority, that's what, $2 per taxpayer? Let's rage over pocket change. Priorities.......
THAT MONEY IS GOING TO TERRORISTS
Where is ur Health care bill...
Hmmm this bot writes erratically
Ah man you need to answer for this
that's what u want ppl to think...u n rogue gop like u r worthless n only serve as gophers for demoncrats!
Sounds like a good idea. Wondering if my senators agree? @SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein
Hey there's some money for you to not kill our healthcare, yay !
Yes! About time this was pursued.
Oh Hey Lindsey, glad you're awake. Just a reminder we're not idiots!
NO TRUMP TAX RETURNS= 
NO HEALTHCARE REFORM,
NO TAX REFORM!"
Please do not allow our American tax dollars to be used for PLO support of murderers. It's outrageous that Taylor Force's murderers are paid
Is GOP really going with "treason is fine" as a response to the Trump/Russia thing?
Iis destroying emails like Hillary, IRS being used as an agent against political opponents  ok with dems? U a joke!
Unproductive
