
Took 24 months to get rid of Nixon.  45 will be out before end of 2018.
Nope.  Plenty there.  45 has been dirty all his life and his corrupt ways have caught up to him.  #ByeBye45
We will see how this plays out.  It will never change the fact that 45 is incompetent and clearly over his head.
Did Graham even read the statement? Trump asked the FBI director to drop investigation against Flynn. Maybe good day if backwards day.
That's what the voices in your head are telling you! You need to face the truth it's all a nothing burger!  We are #MAGA
Well, I read the statement & not in denial but u go ahead & pretend there's nothing to it. Of course that is if ur not a Russian bot.
The bots are EVERYWHERE!  getting tired of reporting them and Twitter apparently doing nothing
Bots have been turning up on twitch feeds recently....all pro Trump with interesting English. ....hmmmmm
Yep we won you lost.
I love how bots assume everyone is in the USA.  Also the win/lose dichotomy explains why trump cannot run the country #incompetent
Bet he has a couple billion more than you do or ever will. Not so incompetent in my book.
It wasn't obstructing because Comey didn't report it. He "documented" because he knew he was going to get canned. No credibility after HRC
Russian bot
Tell me EXACTLY how he "colluded" or what YOU think he did. Hacked machines? Sent Russians to vote? Ready set go...you can't? #uneducated
say collusion never happened. Not trump. Not his campaign. Fine. But we now have evidence that he's compromised the independence of FBI
We now have evidence that he's compromised an ongoing investigation. We have ample evidence of obstruction of justice.
No there is not. Read Comeys testimony that was released today. Impeach would destroy the US.Dems need to shut up and move on from the fable
I read the testimony. Comey said trump demanded loyalty & asked him to drop the investigation of Flynn. If that's not obstruction, what is?
No. He did not "demand" even if he did, demanding loyalty is not obstructing justice.He did not ask to drop Flynn investigation. Wrong!
Comelion
Time 2 face the facts Dems lost time 4 them 2 stop acting like children
Graham is so two faced.  Not ling ago he wanted to get to the bottom of this
OK Lins what ever you say
No it's not a good day for the President. His tweets say it all.
Employer expect loyalty from its employees
Now he wants to be buddy buddy
All in all is a smoking shit.
Fox and All Republicans care nothing abt the truth and this Country. Just defending a crooked man.
Still trying to tear away #Comey's legitimacy & mollify #POTUS's actions while ignoring the facts & implications of the actual act? #enabler
Yea so stop fucking with our president on his  Birthday. Happy Birthday #Trump45
Trying to make yourself relevant bwahaha
The media is going nuts trying to twist it any way the can ,they can't. There's nothing there.
A good day for the President?  What is Graham smoking?
Love our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump! MAGA! #Proud #ComeyTestimony~ damages @AGLynch @HillaryClinton step up and put your hands behind ur backs!
What does Trump have on you to even say what you just said?
Lindsey are you delusional? Nothing good for 45.
#1 Seer of POTUS inner mind, got Tongue-tied at the Critical moment?! "Felt queasy" but said OK ??
Not so good today though, is it Senator.
When Barack Obama left office he met with Comey maybe he asked him to drop all investigations about him
God Bless your honesty! Evidence of forgiveness to POTUS after campaigne tensions by action- news appearances for S- hearing clarifications
If confirming attempts to quash an investigation is a good day, what would it take to be a bad one? Proof of treason?
Comey  he is the obstruction of justice person........
how does this Lindsey Graham get so much air time, who gives a crap what he says or thinks
Not so good for aptly named Clapper
How can you live with yourself? Serious question.
Trump is nothing more than a racist crook. Dodge drafting coward and a liar.
Kinda like Sonny Liston thinking it was a pretty good day when he found out his next fight would be against some nobody named Cassius Clay.
Well you are from the south so treason is in your DNA... 
Can't u hear Warner,King nHarris in private say " ahh S--- we r screwed." Should have push to fire Comey
Graham talks big at times, but can't count on him to deliver. One of these days maybe he will step up to the plate and be responsible.
apparently the memo has been sitting on Graham's desk since Jan 20 and decided to open it...trying to make 1/2 empty glass seem.....SAD!
How do you, Lindsey Graham, know what is "in the special counsel's mind"? You don't. You just keep shilling for Bozo in Chief. #KeepSucking
Said Granny before she re-inserted his head up the Orange Kool-aid nuts @$$
Russia Jarrod flynntrump are all cleared find theleakers string them up get to work on something that dosent throw our money down the toliet
NOT what #Comey said. He told Trump they weren't "AT THE TIME", investigating him personally.
#TrumpRussia
#ComeyTestimony
#ComeyHearing
@realDonaldTrump must have promised to embraced gays for Graham to switch. Explains why he may oust Sessions & his anti-gay agenda.
Keep telling yourselves that
WTF are you idiots reading something different.  You ignore the alarming parts and cherry pick obscurity  for your agenda..  #America1st
#FakenewsCNN Looks pretty Fkn Silly! Worldwide!
Just because he said trump was not under investigation THEN, doesn't mean he isn't now. I guess graham has interns reading stuff for him too
Trump leaned on Comey/Rogers/Coats. Trump fired Yates/Bharara/Comey - all investigating #Russiagate. Looks like obstruction of justice 2 me!
Hey Lindsey: Replace the surname "Trump" with "Obama" in Comey's statement today. Methinks you'd be screaming impeachment.
Yeah, good days are so few and far between these days.
Hahaha what a putz
Lol I think it so funny people would ever  think there could ever been any truth to start with just stupid people would fall for BS
Standing by your grounds defending a meritless person does not make you heroic, let alone a leader.
Comey should've been "LOYAL"2 America by taking time to sit N On Clinton interviews.Was it not important, or did he just "not want to know"?
Martha is great
Liberal Snowflakes can't handle the fact that all Intel agency leaders are saying @Potus did NOTHING close to obstruction or illegal.
Yeah he talked to people that worked for him DEMe squalling Watergate was wiretapping if Nixon had been DEMe he wouldn't hv stepped down
then you’re a bigger fool than you appear to be
#lol #LOLFOX
Sell out.  Even the IDEA of Clinton and the AG on a plane had GOP in a tizzy but this is nothing to see?  Riiiiiiiiiiiight.  Keep trying.
He's memorized the RNC deflection
Back to being a sleazy puppet. How disgusting.
And you know that saddens Lindsey and his brother from another MUTHER (McCain). #RINO #(D)Tool
You are such a dope
If he is even remotely involved, he went too far in his meetings with Comey and, judging from today's testimony, several others.
indeed Senator Graham thank you
If today rates is a good day he's really in trouble
You are corrupt.
Where is the real @LindseyGrahamSC ? I miss him.
Yes, and Mrs. Lincoln loved the first half of the play. #ffs
Of course it is Senator. Now get back to work on healthcare and tax reform. And more importantly, support your President!
Russia has damaging info on Miss Graham.
Lol
She should be in prison for all the wrongful things she has done . Hillary is not for America & she's a crook on top of it all.
Comey is such a huge bag of bad gas stop wasting the taxpayers hard earned money. He should have been doing his rightful job with Hillary
unless you can read you mean
Yeah, not yet. Once they get all those "satellite" characters from his election staff + Jared; then we can officially accuse him of knowing
All of you Repubs get behind President and finally put Dems in their place. Enough wasting our $! Pres Trump will be the best we ever had!
A POTUS asking the Dir of the FBI to squash an investigation about Flynn and Russia 9 times! I never asked for anything 9 times! Good Day
Sad little Lindsey.
No, it's not a good day for Trump because none of this bullshit should be happening against him in any case!
correct assessment Mr Graham! They have reached an absurdity level and it's all pretty boring at this point
When exactly did you stop being an American and become a mere party talking head, @LindseyGrahamSC?
Wow. Do they even GET it?
Does Senator Graham have confirmation yet on if and why he was 'unmasked' by the previous administration?
Wtf?!?
Explain please
This from a never trumper let's you know there is nothing there. Graham is almost as much dem as Paul Ryan
Extremely painful day for @POTUS haters @JoeNBC @morningmika @kathygriffin @rezaaslan @DonnyDeutsch @maddow @nytimes @washingtonpost @CNN.
@LindseyGrahamSC at one time had a wee bit of integrity.  Sadly, that is no longer the case.
Good show but you say fascinating too much.
Graham has been flipped
@LindseyGrahamSC Seriously did @realDonaldTrump threaten to grab you by your pussy if you didn't defend him?
I hope POTUS hears Sen Graham's response especially with respect to Jeff Sessions.
And bad day for America. Once again, Graham becomes trump apologist. No q's about DNI&BSA REFUSED to answer questions? Nah, not important
@LindseyGrahamSC
Did Trump hack your twitter?
It's a sad day when not being under investigation is the highlight. #Trump LIED about Flynn! How do we believe anything he says anymore?
Also, he wasn't under investigation at that time. Could be now. Probably will be after the hearing tomorrow.
Seems like he has already given clean cheat to @realDonaldTrump before the investigation is over
Getting so, really sick of donkeys/ so dumb, stubborn - need switching to make them go
What the hack is wrong with this old man I think he's having brain freeze Time foe him to retire
#Obama meets with #Comey one on one- asks if he can drop @HillaryClinton email issue and @MSNBC reports good day- @FoxNews heads explode
Dems have admitted that all of this is a conspiracy by them to discredit @POTUS @realDonaldTrump  They have named it "The Resistance."
There is nothing here.  Wasting all this time on a story made up by the Dems, promoted by the press, and faked by Clapper. Dem conspiracy
I'd say something but I like watching liberals dream more. Dream on libbies.
So glad you are standing behind our President. Talk to your buddy McCain. He is out in left field.
Only obstruction of justice...
Trump's done more for the country in 6 mos than Obama did in 8 years. Of course, the bar Obama left wasn't very high, like zero.
Why did the liberal's boy @JamesComeyFBI release his statement a day early?  I guess next, he will be nominated by H'wood for and oscar.
And it's a sad day for the fake news media.  Trump will remain in office.
What happened to Lindsey Graham? I didn't always agree with him but he had my respect.
For once in a long time I agree with Lindsey
I bet he is under investigation now for obstruction of justice!  Bam!!!
Even though most of the time I am not surprised by these delusional statements, once in a while I can't believe them. This is one of them.
Pres. Trump is right again. Massive unsupported lies told by FAKE NEWS. There must be consequences. Shut down daily press briefings.
Enjoy your delusions as long as you can! 
Yes, vindicated.  "loyalty" (questionable taste, but not illegal) was out already.
@CNN @FoxNews @POTUS how is it that Fox and CNN look @ the same document and see it So differently!!  Fake news?!!!
Lindsey do you too have to go to FOX FAKE news to say all is well with potus. Too bad he
Big FAT Lie.
I'd call that BS. Who's the boss Trump. Who's plotting with Russians Trumps people. He's top dog&shit rolls down hill. R President is Dirty
What happened to Lindsey Graham???
Is that because generally his days are terrible?
@LindseyGrahamSC all in all u r cont to be a huge disappointment to us in sc
You forgot to add "but couldn't make it public because it might have to be corrected if that changed"
Lindsey has been compromised. Hate to say. You folks can figure it out.
All in all, still waiting for him to sprout a pair of pixie wings to drag him out of the mire.
that's one way to view it,than there's the way most people are viewing it,that DT attempted to pressure FBI not to investigate Flynn/Russia
True. I haven't been this surprised at how stupid Trump supporters are since Nov 8th!
When did the popular vote start to count for a Trumpie? 
Why are you not doing the work for the people instead hogging tv cameras and going after the President.  You are worse than the Democrats.
Then that would make it a very bad day for the country, Lindsey.
Hard to ford the head waters of the river of Denial, Senator Graham?
Love what Lindsey Graham said last night and tonight. Only 2 times that has happened.
Wait...was there a second testimony?
@FoxNews Sure  liberal Martha and Best dinner buddy Colbert and his wife not too happy about Trunp had good day for Trump
Sad day for the former GOP not sure what this new party is but it's sure not the Party of family values and strong America..Disappointed
This country will be a mafia state on par with Putin's Russia by 2020.
Hey Lindsey, all and all he's turning out just like you described the Republican party, "bat shit crazy." You own him.
Except for impeachable obstruction of justice offenses Comey outlined, you bet.
Sure, sure, it was.
Martha for my dinner would be worth my 401k.
Another person In  la la land.
Yeah I guess if you want to get charged with obstruction of justice . @JeffreyToobin @PrestonCNN @donlemon @AC360 @maggieNYT @ErinBurnett
Oh he's s man? Loll scotus RG
What??? Traitor trump is going down. Impeachment, baby. Then jail
It's going to be interesting to watch @NBCNightlyNews  and MSM back out of 2 months of giddy, misleading headlines about all of this.
Every single person in the @gop is a disgrace.
You're on drugs.
@LindseyGrahamSC Remember when you loved your country? It is getting further in the rearview. Sad.
Today was a good day for Putin, television news, and for the next mile marker on the road to impeachment!
I told you! They are spending quite a lot of money and time on "nothing to see here". GOP are ruining this country. 3 years 6 months to go!
Fox Fools is just as Stupid as Trump!

the goal posts have entered NASCAR now
Wow that bar must be extremely low
Did he decide he wants to go down with this ship of fools?
And now it's time for the liberals to all start melting down... lol #maga
literally the bar is so freakn low in the @GOP ...C hes just guilty of obstruction of justice, not investigatd 4 treason(yet) its a good day
right...trump is not under investigation, just every single person in his administration (including his son in law) are... #ComeyHearing
