But they're not accountable to their voters NOW, Senator, who don't want ACA repealed and decimated.
Ummm... and who, exactly, are you accountable to, Senator?
his constituents but he ignores the ones that disagree with him
He certainly does! His form letter reply says "Thanks for your opinion BUT..." SC has a terrible record on health care!
Exactly!! I've written my last letter & email. Does no good.  It's all about GOP big $$ donors. Screw the people is our implied message.
half the time I call the voicemail box is full so I write to him and get the same form letter response every time!
Shameful! My disabled family and friends lost dental/vision and worse, Hospice! I'm 59, work 3 jobs and haven't seen a doctor in years!
LG keeps leaving out the fact that ACA isn't working as well in some places like SC cause they refused 2 expand Medicaid & repubs undermined
Exactly! He and his cronies have PROVEN they don't care! He has no compassion! His bill is heartless!
You and the other 99 Senators are the faceless BUREAUcrats. In Washington. I assure you SC is not ready to take over healthcare
Maybe you should act like YOU'RE accountable to YOUR voters by coming to talk with us about this bill instead of rushing.
Still prone to party agenda and payyoffs. Move the decision directly to the people. WE VOTE ON ALL BILLS/LAWS. State and Federal. Democracy!
You're underestimating the American people @LindseyGrahamSC 
We know who represents us AND who we will be voting for in 2018 & 2020.
Huh? Are you saving that US Senators and Congress are not accountable to voters?
And... state officials running your healthcare scheme will also be unelected & equally faceless! 
Your legacy? Kicking people off healthcare. #retire #DoYourJob #lapdog
That. Won't. Work
But with much less money and fewer patient-friendly guidelines.
Leave my insurance alone
S C is counting on you to look after the interests of ALL of us. DO THE RIGHT THING
How about health care decisions being made by individual patients, in consult with their Dr?
Give it up Senator, this bill was never good enough to anyone other than you. #fixtheACA #DoYourJob
You are on the wrong side of history Mr. Graham.  You truly make me sick.
I didn't know the Congress and the Department of Health was a nameless and faceless. Bureaucrats, I agree 100%.
NO.  The states have certain rights but universal healthcare, as in all western countries, needs to come from the Federal government.
This is just bad news. Why deface the federal govt u oversee like this? Block grants mean less accountability & less consistency!
Just like states always did it before the Feds moved in, right Senator?
Keep pushing.  Sorry John McCain is not rational at this time
I think ur account is totally managed by some 20 yr old dicknosed staffer who intentionally says the complete opposite of what is real.
That's not what people hear when you promote your plan.
So states with shitty records in funding the right programs for their citizens have control. Greaaaaat. That'll sure fix it!
You're right! SC has a pathetic/heartless health care system! Unless you are illegal! I work 3 jobs and still can't afford health care!
Totally agree with you.  What's wrong with the rest of the gang, esp. so-called "maverick".  Joke.
The states need to fall in line. Left to the states it will always have problems. Too many opt outs and little expertise for good judgments.
Ha, ha Tinkerbell. Your craven attempt to take American's health insurance away failed again. Health care is a human right. #Obamacare
Lol. I have yet to see any of you do anything in favor of your voters, but you've got it right that we are holding all of you accountable.
No Lindsey..u boys can't be trusted anywhere...
Our SC officials took 30 years to start fixing the roads and you want to put them in charge of our healthcare? No on #GrahamCassidy!
Oh Lindsey, thought you were a statesman.
Held that for years
You are a Washington bureaucrat, we know your face and name and we know you play an excellent game of pool. We want you to help, not States.
nameless and faceles like you? Coward Healthcare should be universal the needs of pregnant wmn, diabetics, disabled etc are the same
You're supposed to be accountable to your voters
Grow up.
With 50 individual "buyers" negotiating for best prices instead of one huge buyer. Makes no sense! Healthcare is an American right.
Wait? We don't vote for you? You aren't accountable to me (a SC voter)? That is news to me.
Shut Up!
Yeah because voting has been so effective with you Washington deadbeats
Your cloture vote allowed Obama care to pass, I had no faith the GOP would do anything
Can you even imagine that crowd that runs SC managing something as complex as health care?
I’d rather faceless bureaucrats delegate a same for all standard than leave it to the whims of our state that can’t fund schools, roads.
Oh you are from WI, too???? 
Even worse: from Lindsey Graham’s mess of a state.
Oh I'm so sorry. 
The GOP Congress are a band of criminals for allowing Trump to put us on the brink of Nuclear War just to coverup his crimes. Shame on you.
Sad you refer to yourself & colleagues as "nameless & faceless" & use words that define the word ineffective. Tragic self-branding. #badbill
Too late for repeal and replace...that ship has sailed. Instead, work with your counterparts to fix what we have. Polls no longer with you
Trust me @SenRonJohnson is not a nameless, faceless bureaucrat. I know him & will vote against him in WI for supporting this bill.
WI run by GOP & they can't fund roads let alone healthcare. Bad idea to block grant these idiots. This is not working. Do better sir!
We didn’t expand Medicare to cover 300k people because “Obama reason”. Why would we trust SC to protect its most vulnerable now?
Nameless, faceless bureaucrats have both names and faces. They are people too, and often have more knowledge than state-level officials.
No, there are basic protections and benefits that all Americans, regardless of the state they live in, deserve to have.
Looks like your reputation will be saved by the 3 senators voting against your bill.
Stop lying.
Aren't our Federally  elected representatives in Congress accountable to their Voters? We are the "United States".Don't pass buck to States!
You are now acting as foolish as your orange leader. SAD
How could you even vote for this?  I thought you were a decent man!
SC is already in debt. How do you think states will pay for it? It's bullshit.
Aren’t they all nameless faceless bureaucrats?
It’s called “passing the buck”. Shame on you!!
YOUR state of SC did NOTHING for poor under Obamacare & continues to offer ZERO for Poor INDIVIDUALS. let the sick  poor DIe is their motto
you are sacrificing your credibility and reputation.  stand up for your state and the people that elected you.
If White House not capable stop Federal Crime & Fascism (Face of Democracy) United States in Massachusetts, case H20170279. National Shame !
b/crats are endowed with the trust, from voters, that they will be represented fairly. failing that, voting confers accountability by name.
Its not looking like it will turn out that way, Linds.
Healthcare decisions are mine to make, not you or the state. We know the names and faces of the bureaucrats in Washington trying to kill us.
Do you have a photo of a faceless bureaucrat? I'd like to see one. All I see are bunch of greedy R politicians who'll stoop to anything
Get bent Lindsey.
By that argument citizen should stop funding the Fed giv all together the senate and armed forces? not a United States
State run will be uneven and divide the country more. Limit the profiteering and price gauging of ins companies
Lindsay - why do you hate Federal employees?
Let it go Senator. Pride before the fall.
sure thing, says the person owned by DC, and ignores his constituents,
Why are you insisting on destroying lives?? Save that suggestion for a bipartisan solution. Do the right thing! #fixACA
You're such a liar. They'll be made by your corporate sponsors if you have your way.
So disappointed in you.... my bad, I did not think you were a batsh#t republican. America wants healthcare for everyone. Do the right thing!

You’re a bureaucrat in Washington. Are you nameless and faceless? Doesn’t look like it. Be accountable to your voters.
if so, we are screwed
With all due respect, that’s a terrible idea.
What crap
any organization that pays anyone including contractors more than 100k is not a non-profit...tax them to death
the reliance on the market place has failed with no or few insurers in parts of our fair country
to lower premiums put a cap on benefits, if you exceed the cap by definition you are disabled and qualify for medicare
such as yourself...???
'my party has gone batshit crazy' the only truth you have ever uttered
Linsday - get real, think then talk.
Nameless faceless state bureaucrats - ever been to the DMV. It's  a source of political jobs and corruption.  Again, what was your point?
Just gonna leave this here. Someone else can explain to @LindseyGrahamSC that his bill is as popular as a cup of cold sick #Bernieforthewin
This is an old trope. State officials no more accountable than federal officials. Americans demanding quality healthcare. Wake up, Senator!
Don’t mean bribes? No protection for preexisting conditions - shame on you!!!
So you’re admitting you don’t feel accountable to the voters???
State officials can't be trusted with our healthcare. You know that SC, my state too,'lost' the state pension and has no clue how.Bad idea!
It's voters exactly the ones who don't want your stupid bill. The majority of Americans don't want the ACA repealed. Stand down.
Liar.  The only decision they can make is to devastate healthcare after the federal government cuts funding.  Despicable.
He is joking right?
Get it done, Lindsey!
Stop acting like you care about the American people.
Lindsey, Lindsey, Lindsey 
Instead it would be nameless, faceless bureaucrats in each state!
Lindsey, that's bullshit and you know it. You're trying to slam in a bad bill - for the sake of upholding an ill-conceived election promise.

You mean official such as yourself who are only accountable to donors?
Although I am a proud Dem I have always respected u. Til now!!  How can u propose such a plan??? I'm very disappointed
, don't forget. You are accountable to voters too.
Bipartisan bill is needed!  Or Save /fiX #ACA
NOPE!!
You mean like you? That's the dumbest reason ever.
Bi-partisan, thoroughly vetted, studied, not this GOP #bullshit again ! Do it right!
What a tool you are, Graham.
In Oklahoma this  will be a death sentence for the majority
Since my state is last in many areas I have no confidence in them. Nobody wants this
Are those the same nameless, faceless bureaucrats in Washington and beyond who manage Medicare, Social Security and Medicaid? You're wrong!
So you are not accountable to voters?
Pass the buck. So when people are dying from pre existing conditions you and your GOP pals can say Not Me!
Not names or faceless just faceless and clueless POTUS is trying to make decisions and you're helping - shame on you
U tried to BRIBE Maine & Alaska! How dare U! This is Federalism?!? UR hatred 4 Americans is profound!#HEALTHCARE4ALL
We hold you accountable too
NO!!! What if they decide my daughter no longer needs home care?? She is severely handicapped. Medicaid saves her life.
Ok so let’s leave it up to the states? Uhmmm to most people state officials are just as nameless and faceless as the bureaucrats in DC.
They will be made by the insurance industry.
Actually it looks like YOU want to make decisions about my healthcare, starting with taking away my right to it. No thank you, sir!
Most state bureaucracies are worse. They couldn't construct the website for #GrahamCassidy much less protect rates and pre exist conditions
What about states like Illinois?  We already pay ridiculous taxes every day and I have employee HC and it's costly. My stare is broke!
How 'bout we let patients make health care decisions? Because, you know, they have insurance? Try not taking it away from Americans.
I live in Kansas. My state officials do not care about my health care.
When did the states ever do anything decent that wasn't forced by Feds?
You really don't get it do you Lindsey???  Not all States will treat folks equally and you know it
So people in New York and California will receive better quality healthcare than those in W. Virginia or Missippi. Oh that's fair....
that's a load of shite. some state officials are dopier than those in Congress, and some states are so badly gerrymandered voters screwed.
Oh, but nameless, faceless bureaucrats in my home state...that's fine with you?
We all know you just care about rich white people. Let's call the bill #GrahamCracker

Offering individual deals to individual states to woo individual senators is WRONG. Flawed policy begets flawed tactics. Do better, Senate.
If you read this article, you might decide to vote against your own bill:  http://www.commonwealthfund.org/publications/blog/2017/sep/graham-cassidy-is-unworkable ….  Bad governance!!!
Shame on you!
Usually Congress is more accountable than any local government I know.
You'd rather have them made by nameless, faceless donors, wouldn't you?
Shame!  Shame!  Shame!
Do not strip millions of affordable care #medicare4all
So nameless faceless people in Harrisburg? The same ones who thing it's a great idea to arm teachers? No thanks.
Not trusting politicians
What makes you think that people know their state officials? I do not know one personally. Most people don't.
No, we need federal money to support an insurance program this big.  Economies of scale is a business rule...
If you pass this abomination you can be sure we, the people will remember your names and faces. Is there nothing the GOP won't do for money?
glad I live in a blue state then. Red state voters will die en mass if their reps get to make choices.
No they won't.  Stop block granting.  We know what you're doing...
I THOUGHT YOU WERE A GOOD HUMAN BEING WITH INTEGRITY LIKE MCCAIN, BUT YOUR TRUE COLORS ARE OBVIOUS YOU ARE A DEMAGOGUE AND POLITICAL FANATIC
Not good enough .
WITH “WHAT GRANT MONEY”..IT’S BEEN CUT BY BILLIONS MR GRAHAM..MOST OF THE STATES R ALREADY IN THE HOLE..I GUESS UR DONORS WILL B UPSET..2
Just let people DIE. That a boy.
state officials criminals who belong to the good ole boy network take care of "their own" not all the people, so very very sad
Mr. Graham, I live in TX. My state officials don't give a rat's a$$ about me or my health, evidenced by their actions since 2010. #SaveACA
Nameless, faceless bureaucrats and legislatures in each state; no, I can't see how anything can go wrong...
Punish blue states that took Medicaid expansion and give it to the Red states that rejected it. Big money donors are forcing this. Koch tool
50+ healthcare formulae= chaos. No guarantee of nationwide portability . Violates 14th amendment and general welfare.
But you're stripping significant funds & leaving those w/ preexisting conditions vulnerable to huge increases. You don't have the votes.


You know that is bulkshit senator. R u the nameless, faceless bureaucrat?
Americans should take in consideration all your contradictions when shamelessly you will apply for your job the next election.
So you are a nameless, faceless bureaucrat by your own definition!
I don’t understand why the Feds would send money to states in block grants. Shouldn’t states be on the hook and raise taxes for their pgrms?
Your replacement for ACA is a despicable decisive treatment of America's most vulnerable. I am so disgusted with the GOP.
If you are incapable to manage at federal level we accept you resignation. it's funny when you talk about federalism when it's convenient.
Nope
Bullshit
How? As a private practicing MD, insurers refuse to negotiate reimbursements with me but they will with ACOs. Paying them more!
Where do you get off. why did you take a public job if you have no respect to the will of the Americans people?
The difference being?
Like yourself??  #hypocrite
Hi Senator, I really like u broheem but you are on the wrong side of this.  Talk with @SenJohnMcCain and join him on coming up with a...
...bipartisan bill that will work for the masses, not a political win that will be removed once the next wave of politicians take over...
...Country before party 100%!!! @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain you guys are the only ones that can make this happen, only united. God Bless
What you are saying accountability is just at state level, Lindsey can do whatever he wants regardless of voters opposition to healthcare.
So you're a no? That's what you're telling us?
Sorry but states can't be trusted to do the right thing. And are so gerrymandered that our votes don't count. Please stop this stupid bill
If you're a nameless, faceless bureaucrat, then you need to resign. Do your job....correctly, and for the people!
