You need to support what your constituents want, this will be remembered this come re-election day!
Unwise, and short sighted. Immigration should be NEEDS based, and flexible. We can balance our workforce based on Our Needs...as they change
Then start backing the president instead of being a pseudo Republican.
Lies!!! Lindsey Graham... you are a phony and a liar... you should just get into journalism and spew your fake news!!!
Let's see what the rest of America thinks when berries are $15lb, headless shrimp are $45lb, and other food prices are through the roof!
I've been on a farm and picked vegetables and it's backbreaking. Food won't be expensive because it will sit and rot with no one to harvest.
Exactly...and who will plant it?
We're attracting terrorist that are supported by government handouts. Stop the Handouts !!!
How is merit determined, and who decides?
What should we do when the worst and dumbest are in the white house now?
Support the bill then
States know best what skills they need.
Can also better judge improper deportations vs. FEDs that tear families apart

Best and brightest what?
Agreeing with POTUS? Who are you and what have you done with the real @LindseyGrahamSC.
You speak out of both sides of that mouth. Detestable hypocrite.
Inbred whites left England and settled in America. Natives here we're unable to keep them out. Most of your relatives were not the brightest
Now we know the new voice of the RNC, and with Miller at the W/H the new party is loud and proud white supremacy .
Who's got more merit, Senator? A poor refugee fleeing a warzone or someone who might become a wealthy political donor?
Ironically, people with PhD's are NOT likely to be a supporter of Graham. Smarter people tend to vote democrat. As do refugees. Just saying.
I don't care we have tons of poor Americans no skills they get Zero help & you want to bring anyone in we are in SC voting you out 2018
Merit = Need unfilled by US Citizen
Grape pickers in CA, Doctors in Nebraska
Would be great if allocation and selection were state-based.
Ive always supported a merit-based congress. I think we should alway want to attract the best and brightest. When can we schedule your exam?
Then why don't you co-sponsor Cotton/Perdue bill to end chain migration which is NOT merit based?
So which side are you on when it comes to this proposed legislation? Your giving me whiplash
Lindsey Graham, get ready to be replaced with someone brighter and better than you. You are not good for the country.
You're the best Lindsey!!
I wish you would run for president I would vote for you and many of my friends would also!!! I love Lindsey Graham!!!!!
But that not what's flooding across the southern border!
Best and brightest to cook at Maralago?  Please.

And we deport current citizens that don't have merit. Well said senator.

Put our teenagers back to work hauling hay and picking cotton. It will teach them character. #MAGA
WE THE PEOPLE ARE TIRED OF CONGRESS EMPTY PROMISES AND DOING NOTHING!!!  NEED NEW BLOOD IN CONGRESS
then support it, dude.
We've got 6M unfilled jobs due to mismatch skills (BLS). 
If you've got req. skills, welcome to US! 
#NOTJUSTPHD #ENGLISHNOTMANDATORY
So why are you against it????  You continue to disappoint me.  SO sorry you were my pick during the primaries.
Working people in SC know what the yellow back Lindsey Graham is all about. Democrat in red jacket. Time to go trader!
Then support this bill
I've always supported better education for U.S. children, already immigrants are better educated than U.S. population with more Univ degrees
Kerp out german speaking jews, all Italian, Spanish speaking people that do not speak English. This is racist.

And I support merit-based legislators, which means it's past time for you to shuffle on home to SC and stay there.
It's a privilege to live in America not a necessity
I'm so sick of peoples Judgements! I'm actually married to a man that had to come here legally, lawfully, took 10yrs! Do the right thing1/2
Exactly!
Would you hurry up and catch McCain's brain-aids already?
You support who pays you money and you know SC supports this policy Trump introduced
This is not how your ancestors came.  Singled out.
Not true otherwise you'd just support temp work visas in Ag.
Some need to read the policy, this is for green cards. Work programs are separate, as are refugees. There is a grandfather clause too.
Read it and then criticise if you want. I think it is a fair start policy to open discussions with.

I don't even know what to say anymore about your tweets. I don't ever know what side of your mouth it comes out of. #itstimeforachange
So why can't there be a compromise?    Learning English key! Assimilate, key!
Do you live anywhere near a farm field?  Who's picking that cotton in SC? Who's picking the fruit and vegetables?  Not anyone you know.
I think if you were to look at the data, and I could be wrong, but immigrants r hard working, raising great kids who do great things.
One of which is a Gates Millenium scholar you would not have let in.

Shut up
Einstein had no degree, didn't speak English. Trump's wouldn't be here cause his ancestor immigrated at 16..... wait!!
You're such a pathetic liar!!!
Get on the train RINO!!'
I am widowed with a small kid, I want to come to USA for a bright future of my son, but I can't because I am not best and the brightest.
So only best and brightest are human beings in your eyes?, those who aren't are less humans so no entry to united states?
who defines merit? Slippery slope
So you prefer 2give immigrants the high tech jobs instead of training Americans?
And what about the low IQ people already here?!
Yes
Or, like we claim on the Statue of Liberty, we could actually offer refuge to those who need it, like decent citizens of the world.
Sincerely doubt you would check merit of our workers picking peaches in SC
Please tell what is your definition of merit based
What about the worthless that are born here?
Spoken like a true southern gentleman. Bless your heart.
Support legislation for easier path for foreign US college grads(F1, J1 visa holders). We are assimilated,speak english, #bestandbrightest
Everyone you meet knows something you don't. (Which isn't hard when you're a Republican.)
The best and bightest would not want to come to America while @realDonaldTrump is president.
Taqilula prices are going up 
Then you should get on board. Bigly! #MAGA
Agree with that. No problem with PRAISE.
That is a crock of sh*t
If the worry is immigrants take our jobs aren't these better educated, skilled immigrants going to take higher paying jobs from Americans?
Our open heart and pursuit of liberty for all is what has already attracted the "best and brightest". Discrimination will hurt that.
So, what we can do with white trash starting the one in the "real dump"? Can we deport them to Mars?
Is it ok if they arrive here speaking German, French or Arabic? Best and brightest don't always speak English
Making a million & 1/2 illegals, legal is NOT merit based. You care not for American workers only the business owners who contribute to you.
"Best and brightest" - superior race is not a stretch from best and brightest.  Every individual has value even if you cannot measure it.
1/2  We took this country from non-English speaking natives.
2/2  If all those already here had to meet the criteria in the new bill, you would be lonely.  My grandfather came from Lak Megantic, PQ.
Do u have method of vetting that identifies best & brightest. South USA might not pass English test&can hardly b understood 2 b speaking Eng
Did you have the same beliefs regarding your own family? Or are you a descendant of Geronimo? Because we are ALL Immigrants!
If you truly support Trump's plan, then vote yes. If you vote No, that's a vote for slave labor.
Young adults fro UK were brought to US to work at a kids camp in PA for very low wages.They were charged for room/board so they made nothing
How long are you guys gonna put up with Trump? Sad!
Would your ancestors have passed the test?
good system but what about giving priority to people who are ALREADY here -paying taxes and contributing to the country but not legal!
Instead of saying no how about saying let's work together to fix the process for the good for all
How about some sort of merit-based test for candidates for Senate? Let me know.
Can we apply it retroactively? I would love to see what kind of merit test Trump crime family will pass.
Certainly Trump has no merit unless we call lies, greed and collusion merit
Senator Graham I agree with this & am glad that you are pushing for this. America should get the best & brightest, not the dregs.
Too bad you don't support America First. So sick of your pathological attacks on OUR President!
THE RULE OF LAW
THE LAWS ON THE BOOKS
FOLLOWED BY THE CONSCIENTIOUS 
EXECUTION OF POLICE DUTIES
BACKED BY THE LOCAL
NOT CORRUPT POLITICIAN
MANY CRIMINALS 
OF THE AMERICAN CITIZEN KIND
WE NEED TO PUT AWAY!!
WE NEED TO SET THE EXAMPLE
& CERTAINLY NO FOREIGN
CRIMINAL KIND
ALL NEED TO READ
THE TEN COMMANDMENTS
THE BIBLE
AND FOLLOW SAME
THESE ARE THE FOUNDATIONS 
FOR A BAD SOCIETY
A LAWLESS SOCIETY
A BLOCK IN TROUBLE 
A HOUSE OF CHAOS
& NEIGHBORS WHO
SUPPORT THE CRIMINAL
You realize you hit "send" so your elitist and racist sentiment is visible for everyone to see.
MANY AMERICAN FAMILIES
ARE&HAVE BEEN UNAMERICAN,
NOT LAW-ABIDING CITIZENS,
DUTY SHIRKING
IRRESPONSIBLE
LOW LIFE'S
EVEN FROM
HIGH SCHOOL DAYS
OF COURSE!! 
NOT MS-13 4SURE
NOR EVEN REGULAR CRIMINALS
NOTourOWNwhoMIMIC MS-13
&OTHERill-RAISEDCHILDREN 
W/DISPICABLE DISREPECTFUL FAMILIES
You confuse me.. you go back and forth on everything
BS!..you have always supported open borders along with your boyfriend McCain!
Be realistic: biggest demand now is for agricultural workers. Do you really care if they speak English?! Fruits/vegs rotting in the field.
Sure! I think that is in the best interest of the country! However we should never forget who we are ant pitch in with a parcel of humanity!
Whistle bait to rascism

And the best pickers to harvest crops. Don't forget them.
Apparently we still need the best and brightest shrimp fishermen in Louisiana as well, for example.
Heaven forbid we should continue our previous policy of providing a welcome refuge to those fleeing persecution, say fervent Christians
Anyone coming legally has merit. Illegals have NO merit.
I've always supported merit-based reelections. I think we should always want to attract the best and brightest to the @SenateGOP & UR NOT IT
So "give us your tired, your poor", etc. means nothing?  Then give back the Statue of Liberty.
I've had students who were immigrants. I'll highlight the accomplishments of three one became a dentist, two are studying to be engineers-1
All came seeking a better life, better opportunities. It used to be called the American Dream. Not sure what happened to it. -2
“Give me your tired, your poor
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.."
To
 "Give me your best & brightest"
Changes Spirit of America
And yet, a no vote.
Really, You may have a point. Donald Trump's father came to this country poor and unskilled. He made a lot of money with his "Whore Houses."
They too will need their families though.
I knew we couldn't trust you for too long
Ok well, NOW would be the time for Congress to impeach this maniac.
Lindsey slipping back into his racist roots.
Thank God this wasn't in effect when my grandfather came to USA, raised four wonderful children & worked 50 yrs on RR!
That is a reprehensible statement. Can't trust you in any regard.
This president @realDonaldTrump is Not Republican Any More .... just slammed Russia bill so who is Public Enemy 
And you assume our relatives would have passed that test? If so, it's rather arrogant, but that's our white legacy. Bigoted code language.
Agree that we need to grow our human capital, but this country was built on people looking for a better future.  Need to consider both.
Of course! Who in their right mind would want to help a poor, persecuted, starving, disenfranchised-in-every-way-you-can-think refugee?
By your logic, Lindsey you wouldn't have made the cut.
Our immigration policy should be based on the needs of the country, not based on who wants to come here.
What about bring us your tired your poor your homeless, huddled masses on the Statue of Liberty?
Are US citizens supposed to support EVERYONE??  My grandfather came from Spain. Was required to speak English, have a job, denounce Spain
It also takes jobs away from starter class, Also times have changed, terrorist infiltrating immigration programs
Its needed now. We paying 100+ Billion for health care cost, and unemployemnet, comes out of federal budget.
Why does @realDonaldTrump hire foreign workers instead of locals to bartend, wait tables, house clean, etc for his country clubs? 
Then why the hell is this the first time we have heard this? Deep state Graham too bad you just got reelected . Do your job #MAGA
we are voting you out graham
I've always believed in potential and possibilities for each and every human.
What about min net worth
Like the poor and huddled masses?
We also need a guest worker program sufficiently sized for farming requirements.
"God, I thank You that I am not like other people: swindlers, unjust, adulterers, or even like this tax collector." I'm just a hypocrite.
Agreed. Now verbally support POTUS. And stop bashing him!
WHERE  is  your  little boyfriend  John ?????   You guys are  soooo  uncaring about AMERICA -  why talk to you - just nasty -tongue man
BLAH BLAH  BLAH -  where is  YOUR CONCERN ABOUT  AMERICANS - NEVER DO YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR OWN COUNTRY -WEIRD--MR. LIZARD
Who gets to set the parameters for "merit"?  Considering the current admin punishes best and brightest, that's out, who who? What quals?
I think your definition of "best" is highly biased.  We pay teachers crap, so your best doesn't include them.
Artists can be equally brilliant, but you don't care.  You don't make much as a politician, maybe we should deport you?
You join the shams and shills.  This is a love letter to the racists in the GOP who live in terror of all non whites.
@LindseyGrahamSC, I'd like to have a conversation about why your pie-in-the-sky opinions on this are not aligned with reality. HMU.

You do know that that poem wasn't part of the original statue, of course you don't #learn history
We all do.. but is it ok to block or reject individuals or families who want a better way of life, whose country has failed to do just that.
Yes! Especially if they were educated here. Why then deny them. Crazy!
But your base loves the anti-affirmative action moves....I bet
"Give me your tired, your poor,your huddled masses, yearning to breathe free' - Guess we can just power sand that off the Statue of Liberty.
This would result in more skilled workers competing for jobs Americans can and want to do leaving open jobs Americans won't do.
We need immigration reform in the worst way. Allowing immigrants to be hired for very low wages is a chain reaction and hurts All
This proposal undos the 1965 I & N Act. Are you prepared to repeal the 1965 law?
By best and brightest, you mean richest. Because that would require education and opportunity. Things poor people don't have access to.
That's great. Sessions is going to make sure only whites get a college education & if you're a foreigner or minority ur shit out of luck.
Excuse me? My one generation away Irish family had nothing to offer the U.S. but hard work.
We already have merit based. A millionaire can buy their way in while farmworkers and refugees have to fight for admission. #shame
Unfortunately if this country keeps up it's racism & rhetoric of immigrants no one will want to come here let alone the best & brightest
Shame on you Senator.  I suppose your roots go way back to the beginning of man and it has always been the best and the brightest.
Merit is important but it should be an element not the basis for admission. Economics is imp but the Founders didn't say best & brightest
Since it doesn't apply anymore, When are we sending back the Statue of Liberty?
Is that the most imp. value we're looking for? Shouldn't we care about people & families that might not be the "best" but strive for it?
Under that philosophy, 3/4 of Congress should leave....
Then it's a shame Freidrich Drumpf was let in.
Un American comment there Lindsey boy.
Senator, harvesting crops is skilled. We don't need the "brightest" we need ppl not afraid to work.
Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
#whoarewe
