WEAKNESS- 7+ years to have a repeal/replace bill, nothing! GOP cant stand up to Dems! Taking pay for doing absolutely nothing, PRICELESS!
Why is it you have no problem attacking @POTUS but you're spineless when it comes to missing emails, smashed hard drives, missing SIM cards
/insecurity
Ahhh, Swamp Dweller, you can't stay off television or stop doing interviews. NO wonder nothing gets done in Senate. Join Dims & do zilch...
TRY & keep up w/the news. Sessions said-last night-he plans to give updates on his ON-GOING investigations of Hillary ~ It was a distraction
No it doesn't!
Indeed it shows that trump is really paranoid beyond what he should be
Quite the opposite!
Showing his blatant paranoia and the fact that he thinks so many in the Republican party are out to get him which logically is unlikely
Coming from a politician who the American people rejected during the primaries.
Trumps tweets about Sessions show weakness... The attached photo shows true weakness.
And Mr Graham, just what are you doing for your country??
Lindsey feels important & goes to MSM to bash @POTUS. But remember, Senator, U couldn't even get to the "Big Boy Table" during debates!
What's the matter Senator? @realDonaldTrump shaking up your little country club? Remind me...how did your presidential campaign go? 1%? 
I like you @LindseyGrahamSC - u need to protect this investigation
Words and action, worsd and action. They go together like a bowel impaction!

DO SOMETHING REAL. STOP TALKING ABOUT IT.
When are you people going to do your jobs? Get the big bully out of the WH ! Not Presidental ! Disgrace to our country
This is all a plot to fire mueller!  What will republicans do if this happens?   Lock him up or hand him the keys to his dictatorship?
WHAT IS TRUMP GOING TO DO IF HIS SON IS TRANSGENDER
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @SenateDems HEY COMRADE DONALD FIRE SESSIONS HE IS ON HILLARY SIDE WEAK SESSION IS DO SOMETHING DONALD
DONALD YOUR WEAK A LOSER IF YOU DO NOT GET RID OF SESSIONS
Hmm maybe he's just trying to get him to do his job. Wow look at that sessions announces investigation into leaks. Gee
Or the weakness of not standing with your party and vaules( @realDonaldTrump our president doesn't anything to fear)
@POTUS and Sessions are up to something. 
Sessions isn't going anywhere. The art of mis-direction
Lindsey Graham = Clueless
Wait For It.
Grahams writing a "bill" to ensure mueller can't be fired . What's tht abt?
Graham is the weak one. He will be voted out. Can't believe he has been in congress as long as he has given the dislike for him in his state
I am much more worried about your character than I am Pres Trump's. With Trump, I know we have a leader who believes in America! @POTUS
Screw you. He has given Sessions 6 months and he's done nothing
If Trump was a leader, he would be working to optimize the nation's strength.
Savaging his cabinet, and playing to his base, show weakness.
I believe you are either clueless about what is going on, in denial or you are attempting to lie to the American public.
Lol
Yes it does show HOW WEAK @ATSessions really is OR a #Swampdweller. @realDonaldTrump #POTUS #TrumpTrain #MAGA
Stand up for what's right Senator!!
Vote "NO"!!
@LindseyGrahamSC 's  all talk and no action shows extreme lack of testicular fortitude
Lindsey is weak! Couldn't win primary in his own state!!!!!!
Lindsey Graham always has to be in front of the press.  He is a hambone
HELP US PLEASE. AMERICA IS IN TROUBLE
If you don't like how your employee is working you discuss it with him in private. Trump is not only nasty he is a poor boss
Mr. Graham it shows immense GUILT - all GOP please wake up to the Danger of this Crazed Man
#25thamentmentnow
Your yes vote yesterday shows cowardice.
No, being a #RINO shows weakness #SenatorGraham
AND Crazy, the guy is seriously crazy 
•••---•••
How
Graham constant reference to McCain show his lack of spine.
Lindsey Graham, we know U don't like Potus so just move over to the dark side! You will be sorry one day! Potus ALWAYS wins in the end!
Sessions gave up his senate seat to help Trump who is disrespectful to the  process of law.
Trump is entitled to the same free speech you enjoy boy! His criticisms motivate Sessions to do what we the people want. U criticize right??
And you and your buddy McCain take great pleasure in publicly criticizing @POTUS at every opportunity! So you can do it but Trump can't?
"if you can't get the job done we will find someone who can"  is what we lived by.  Nothing wrong with pressure on Jeff
Senator, just what did you expect out of Donald Trump? The writing was on the wall!
@LindseyGrahamSC Well, Lindsey Graham would know all about weakness. Caves to Dems, can't wait to hit on Repubs, pitiful Presidential run.
Why when someone speaks their mind and has a backbone someone like you call them weak Lindsey Graham nice to have a man as president
Trump speaks his mind & has plenty of backbone. First President to take on Fake Media, & work to drain the political swamp. LEFTY LOSERS!
Come on Senator, it shows more than "weakness". It shows someone that thinks they're above the law & only want an AG that will protect them.
Dumbo, the AG works for the President, it's part of the Executive Branch, learn before you speak. He has the right to fire non performers.
Its brilliant! You again miss the BIG picture! Maybe again worry about passing laws/bills amd stop being weak and stand up for what we want
Oh come on! Trash talk'n about President 2 CNN!! How about using NO COMMENT. CNN. OH PLEASE!!
Then show how strong YOU are and stand up to that man baby!!!!
Let's say this together. "Donald. Trump. Is. Mentally. Ill. He. Is. Unfit. To be. President." See how easy that was. Now, try it on your own
AG's failure to charge Privileged Elite for criminal acts is reason for resignation.  US voters spoke their distaste of this practice in Nov
Graham has done little good himself so he needs to shut his pie hole.
Graham is the poster child of weakness
BULLY TACTICS of @realDonaldTrump on @jeffsessions SHOWS the 12yr old INCORRIGIBLE is GUILTY of SUMTHING most say ALL THINGS @dcexaminer @AP
Ya think. Took an attack on one of your own before u spoke up really. He's been weakly leading since day 1 weakening our democracy/cntry
He's been weakly leading since day 1 weakening our democracy/cntry= Perfect description of @LindseyGrahamSC  #2020
Why don't republicans Stand up , Speak up Loud and Clear & Rebuke him
Because we finally have a real leader!
So to yoj a leader is someone that you should never question/never object to when you know he/she is wrong on something
White House weakness? Oh stop it, Right now the White House is little more than a stop on a site seeing tour. GOP leadership, 0+0=0, how sad
You would do well to remember you don't work for Trump or the party you work for the people!!
And We the People want Trump's agenda!
Sessions may have done Trump a favor by recusing himself. It would have looked more like a coverup if he didn't. Think about it.
Then #RESIST @LindseyGrahamSC . Founders anticipated despot POTUS, but not a Senate that expresses dismay and then goes along. STAND UP MAN!
All the Republicans need to band together and put a stop to Trumps arrogance. You all WORK FOR THE PEOPLE NOT TRUMP!
Republicans were voted in to institute Trump's agenda. He publicly posted his Contract with America & we voted for it & him.
Less than 20% of america voted for him
And guilt
His attack on honorable transgendered serving military personnel and veterans shows weakness.
Duh
@LindseyGrahamSC yet you still cape for DJT. How weak are YOU?
the whole bunch need to go
@GOP just sit back and enable a weak @POTUS
I agree.  Somebody needs to sit this President down, tape his mouth shut, and explain the political facts of life...
@LindseyGrahamSC you're just now figuring out that @realDonaldTrump is weak? Welcome to the club, been here a while!
Good job distancing yourself, a little late- but better late than never!
I think #Lindseygraham and his socialites show weakness to us the American People. Do your job or get out of office.
So does all of @GOP not doing anything about it.
The US Senate is designed and run from the ground up to castrate real men and turn them into pandering pussies!!
He is weak, he constantly has to be praised. What real man needs constant praise & admiration...I know some Kim Jong Un, Hitler, Trump
Oohhh, the dictator group. Lefty bringing out the Nazi thing again. Look at your own Leftwing Pond Scum, reality says they're far worse!
Everything Trump attacks show that the president is insecure and vulnerable
Graham's actions & words show "weak ess".  Sad, really.
"Weak ess"? ... What? That's not even clever...
#Covfefe ess
