BREAKING NEWS: American and her family released by Taliban. 
It’s also an encouraging development in terms of our relationship with Pakistan.
1/ Well @LindseyGrahamSC, the American people are going through hell! I'm beginning to think you are @realDonaldTrump's
2/ "Deep Throat", leaking info to him about certain investigations. You and @DevinNunes. Stop f**cking golfing with
3/ our mental toddler-in-chief and get your ass back to DC. @realDonaldTrump must go! #RESIGN or #25thAmendment
4/ You, @SenateMajLdr, @GOP, @SpeakerRyan work for the American people NOT @realDonaldTrump. Do your goddamn jobs!
Good Lord man, you need to be surgically removed from Trump's ass. Have you no shame?
I guess you found your box of Kleenex?
In spring 2016 Graham was near tears at journalism dinner describing the horror of Trump. Now regular golf buddies. 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=RvajltA4B2A … https://twitter.com/kellyo/status/919237375292829699 …
I've got $10 that says @LindseyGrahamSC and @SenJohnMcCain are playing good cop bad cop with Trump
Soldiers did he kill or injure? How many of our allies soldiers did he kill or injure before he and his family were captured? Sure Canada 3.
Lies lies lies
Extradite him if he returns there right? Or where every he is is he going to get sent here? Yes I  feel for his family. How many American 2.
Did he even know they existed?
And just how long with this last? 2 or 3 days? Nobody likes working with a dictator especially another country.
Oh yeah. How was golf. Did you discuss "kicking Russia's ass all year" or did you just hold his balls?
He has no balls and Mr Graham you are done. The only one with balls is Sen. JOHN MCCAIN! GO learn something from him! Starters, bullshit us
Can u kiss his butt anymore? Go play some golf and keep you propaganda from FOX to yourself — next time best DT and see what he says bout u!
Admin did not even know this was happening.....quit lying.  #LyingLindseyGraham
Has questions regarding their citizen. What about her. She is American. Has he told her she can't return or is that her choice?  Truth???
Oh you man for the guy who fought (with guns) against our troops? That's why the TRAITOR doesn't want to come back to the US. Will Canada 1.
@FoxNews yeah trump is a real hero.
They were smart enough not to come to America after released.
And the Millions in PR?.. they are going "through hell" and your party is BUNGLING it SO much , save some families...#moron
see you’re kissing drumpf’s ass of late.  a contrast to sen corker who finally showed integrity & courage.  you’re just another paul ryan. 
Can you be any more of a brown-noser?
May this family have peace...
but why are they moving to Canada? 
and not the US?
@realDonaldTrump
@FoxNews they had 3 kids - couldn't have been that strict...then husband didn't want a flight back??  Fishy
Are you also pleased that the contractor for the FSB training facility, owns Trump property in Florida?
@realDonaldTrump had Nothing 2 do with this,He gets crowds to boo my Senator Your friend @SenJohnMcCain & U LIE for him? WHATS wrong With U
seriously? this was & has nothing to do with Freaking Trump .. why are you so desperate 2 be in favor with the man that ridicules friend!?
How many babies did she have while living in hell?
Such BS
He didn't do shit and you know it!

Why would they not get on the U.S. plane?
Trump admin? What are you talking about? #FakePresident #UnfitToLead #LIAR
He's blowing up the ACA. MY premiums for employees insurance better not pay for this.
You think you still get to talk, Mr. Graham of Cassidy-Graham? If you think you can pretend your murderous bill never happened, forget it.
What on earth did Trump possibly do??? Promise to stop tweeting?
You spineless republicans constantly kissing Trump's ass is what will be your demise! He'll take you down with him!





Do you actually he had anything to do with their release? Or even knew they were captive?
Wow lots of vitriol.  Keep helping victims, thankful for release.
If you are dumb enough to go backpacking in a war zone while prego, you deserve what you get....
Lindsey is back to his @realDonaldTrump ass kissing.
Hey Lindsay, find your balls, and stand up to to this moron before something catastrophic happens. He's unfit and you know it.
Why are you kissing his ass so badly?— Did he cut you in on Russian money?? #russianfacebookads #trollfarms @GOP has opened the door 2 thugs
Hope Dump isn't paying ransom to gain points. This guy afraid to leave Pakistan on U.S. plane cause he was married to sister of a terrorist.
Remember in the primaries when you had a backbone and called Trump out for what he was. A fear mongering lying demagogue???? Ur disgraceful
I doubt Trump had anything to do with it whatsoever, but watch, he'll try to take credit for it all. Any federal admin should be doing this.
They won't even get on the plane..you moron ! They're refusing to come back to the USA..they know .
#LindseyGrahamisamoronbuttlicker
WRONG. Admin had zero to do with it. In fact, husband refused safe flight back from US gov't.  Go clean Donnie's golf clubs.
senator they don't want to come back to  US. I don't blame them since this country is such a mess thanks to Trump. Why not a GOP any more.
Given how this is going with Trump so far.  This must be being poisoned.
Trump obviously is heading towards dictatorship nepotism no free speech surround yourself with like minded greedy ppl
How can a man of faith like yourself put up with the lies and twaddle trump spouts
Good, but save your country perhaps war from the vindictive petty senile ignoramus called trump.
Thats a great story but you should be calling the pres. out for being unfit instead of playing golf with him. Country before party.Cowardice
Hard to believe Trump had anything to do with this!!
What are you sleeping with him now? What did he promise you that all of a sudden he is the greates. Did he make you kiss his ring.
I think he was able to admit he’s hiding in the closet to Trump, after he swallowed .
Sen. Graham, you're truly making an ass out of yourself!  Please stop with the non-sense!
Lindy, you're such a kiss ass!
It’s good to know that the hostile president is sabotaging r healthcare & is trying to pull out of Puerto Rico.
Certainly glad they're free but could you please, please stop sucking Trump's ass Lindsey? It's beneath you.
he realeased a terrorist just so he could get a "win".  The guy is wanted in Canada.  His brother is a ISIS fighter.  WTF
Why isn't Pakistan on the travel ban list? Huge exporter/encourager of terrorism.
Saved 4 killing thousands in PR not exactly anything to be proud of
Bump Stock going well?  How about CHIP?
I suspect that Trump actually had less to do with this than you allude to.
2 children born in captivity? WTH! Why were they hiking in such a horrible region of the world? Was this a vacation spot? There is more here
Hey Lindsey, I saw Donald eating some pineapple the other day. Was that a request of yours? Or do you prefer his loads to be salty?
Nothing to be pleased. Trump had nothing to do with it. If he did your ears would be ringing with that news from side to side. Don’t need u.
Please don't try to give trump the credit for this. You've lost all credibility lately. It's sad to watch you pander to that idiot.
You have abandoned your lifetime friend for a man who wouldn't stand up for you for even the blink of an eye
Shorter: Diplomacy works.
This family is very lucky
Liar
Propaganda
I'm taking away the Rubber Stamp Award from my @SenToomey and handing it over to you.
Show us receipts that Trump himself is responsible for this. As I've told you before, I'm SC republican that will never vote for you again.
Neither WILL I
Puerto Rico tweets?????
Man you are really kissing up to Trump now. He didn’t have anything to do with this. If you are sacrificing your dignity to save the country from this madman, I appreciate your sacrifice. But hurry up and remove Trump from office.
hahaha - "Trump" did this? Bullshit. Im sure he thinks they are "weak" for being captured. Grow a spine, Lindsey.
Oh please 
This family had no business being in Afghanistan in first place.  "Gee it's 2012 let's go to Afghanistan for vacay"  No
We welcome them home! FREEDOM is what The United States of America is.. WELCOME HOME!!
When she sees what's happened to our country, she may wish she was back with the Taliban #womensrights #ImpeachTrumpNow #25thAmendment
Pleased that the career diplomats who stayed secured their release...  There. I fixed it for you.
Now you are taking credit on Trump’s behalf for more shit Trump didn’t do.
Boot meet tongue
We are all going through hell, a hell known as Donald Trump, and you are supporting his reckless behavior.  When did you decide to sell out?
@FoxNews  Kissing Trumps ass again. What are you getting out of this a war  somewhere
How about helping the families that SC holds their kids as hostages to make a profit
Leaving one dictatorship for @realDonaldTrump dictatorship
START WORKING FOR THE POEPLE AND NOT YOUR NEXT CAMPAGAIN
SUPPORT HR 669 AND INCLUDE: CONGRESS MUST SIGN OFF ON ALL DECISIONS MAKE BY A PRESI
You blue belle. Canada handled this and they refused to get on an American plane. Time will tell how this went down. Wasn't because of Trump
Lindsey, didn't know you suck up to Trump so much. He is a...
I followed you during the election because you seemed top have gotten your spine back. Holy shit was I wrong!!
OMG.  You are so right.  His nose is right up....  Well, you know where.
WOW Trump did something that pleased you!
Who worked on it?
You need to resign
Stop kissing trump's ass
The group was created under the Obama administration to improve the government’s efforts to free hostages
Good news indeed - but Lindsey, I sure hope there's a method to your suck-up madness.
Trying to figure it out?  Higher aspirations maybe 
I thought you all didn't negotiate with terrorists. It's ok now? Now that a Dem isn't president? Oh sorry-can't keep up with your hypocrisy.
@LindseyGrahamSC ,U have turned in2 a LYING #TrumpPuppet 
DT or his admin hasn't did shit 2secure their release. Can't wait 2vote U out!
Of our men and women in uniform.Shame
Tell the your friend the President to pay tribute to those 4 service man ambushed in Africa last week.So much for him being strong supporter
U lost the ppls confidence when u chose to go golfing w yr prez while ppl in PR were dying.  You shd delete yr acct corrupt @gop
Pleased they’re free! Not convinced of how much Trump had to do with it. He is to busy attacking others on Twitter!!
Sir, we know that you are smarter and more compassionate than you sound right now.  Please be straight with your people.
Says who?
They refused to get on the American plane, sending a loud message to the world. This family has seen hell, but the US under Trump is worse!
Head to Canada!
Then refused to get on an American plane
@LindseyGrahamSC you are such a disappointment. This is BS while CA is burning and PR perishing. #CountryOverParty
What about the people of PR he’s threatening because someone hurt his widdle feelings. This isn’t the bandaid your looking for.
It is good news, but pretty sure it was just "Admin" w/o the "Trump"
No doubt, unimaginable.
In his declining mental state, Trump almost walked out of EO signing, idiot Pence stopped him. He is unfit and you know it.
I agree. But just a reminder that the citizens of this country are going through hell right now too.
Trump admin. or career diplomats who didn't quit when he took office, but stayed on out of a sense of duty to our country? #BowToYourKing
Preach!I cannot wait to vote him out
Lindsey--you are worse than a hypocrite. WOW, the utter gall that you have is unbelievable. You will go down.
What the Hell does Trump have on you? Suddenly you're his number one fan. Is he about to out you or something??
Good question
Babysitting later?
@FoxNews they refused to come to America.  Are you trying to import terrorist?
God bless this family!  Welcome home!
I love watching your worthless career ending..
I certainly hope you’re right
MR GRAHAM Sir PKK is a terrorist group for US or not . Or new ALLY is PKK now? can u answer me PLS
Good news indeed!
