
Why don't you & McCain just run as Dems! What is the definition of treason?
Mr. Graham - What actual proof do you have that Trump won "legitimently?"

WATCH: MSNBC cuts Lindsey Graham's audio after referring to the Clinton campaign meeting with Russians. 
You wouldn't dare to talk about Obama collusion withRussia & Hillary getting $$ for Uranium sale..or the Reset button? Where is ur outrage?
You need to stand up to this nightmare before he has us all vaporized. He is danger to humanity. Country before party!
How about that top security clearance for Trump Jr? Since Trump is owned by Russia does that make you their mule?
Time to show your true colors: Russian or American, Senator. Your man in WH is discussing  utter destruction of  work of dedicated US Intel
Indeed. Please @LindseyGrahamSC please help restore our democracy and patriotism. Get Russia out of White House-we need you more than ever!
Lindsey: you still have ppl in YOUR party arguing basically NO action is unpatriotic if it favors GOP values. PLEASE disabuse them. Tx
I had faith in you to stop the madness.

Has your outrage on Sunday changed?

Donald Trump Jr. actually met w the Russians to attack our democracy & you're still doing nothing.
Speaks of outrage, has the power to address the outrage and does nothing to correct it.
Please keep up your fight for democracy! Push harder we don't need a president that's controlled by another country!
Ty for speaking up USA needs u scared that Trump is really corrupt follow money
Why dont you spend a little time to investigate the murder of Seth Rich
You still ain't talking about Obama interference in Israel and other foreign elections using taxpayer money. When you do maybe I'll care
How is it that @realDonaldTrump is POTUS and you were dropped so early in GOP primaries? This is wrong! Thank you for being Sane!!
Stop saying Russia didn't influence the outcome of the election. You have no idea if that's true or not.

@benfergusonshow drops the on @jrpsaki on Bias show @CNN as @PoppyHarlowCNN tries to interrupt him! They finally have DT Jr supporter 
How embarrassing that the US is no longer considered the world's leader.  This president is inept DO SOMETHING
Stand strong, Senator.
Blah, blah,blah.

Graham is a Fake.

He talks big but when push comes to shove he'll always support Trump.

He's complicit and a BIG....
Enjoy your power it won't last long
You and McCain are nothing but war mongers. Looking to start and make money by starting a war.
Are you a democrat

This is so tone deaf, you need a cochlear implant to hear it.  Good thing you have healthcare paid by my taxes
Man do your country proud. Don't F*** up
Are u nevertrumpers in panic about what Putin might have spilled about you all to Trump? Who and how much got bribes from him?
Awww..look at you, pretty boy, make up and all. Aren't you a STAR? Making up with the media and the Democrats....
If I wanted to hear u bash #POTUS I would watch. Why do u think u r invited on liberal news shows? Obviously not because of your intellect?
Linsey start working for the people instead of special interest and 1%, REJECT #TrumpCare, VOTE NO!

Not surprising: Russian tech seems to be accelerating North Korean missile development.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/the-secret-to-kims-success-some-experts-see-russian-echoes-in-north-koreas-missiles-advances/2017/07/08/5d4f5fca-6364-11e7-a4f7-af34fc1d9d39_story.html?utm_term=.2a0985aea678 …
Rinos & butthurt libs want to have a coup. This country want stand for this.True patriots will defend POTUS from traitors like U. Resign now
Our founding fathers anticipated a man such as Trump.  What will you do????
All these butt hurt libs that are trying to get u to do something. U couldn't do it in the primaries. Hill lost & now u have liberal sheep.
How about Treason? sedition? Impeachment?
Please find your backbone and stop this dangerous and inept POTUS. There is more than GOP power at risk. This is our safety and stature
DO SOMETHING!  Country before Party, Sir.  He's destroying our democracy!  This isn't politics--this is the end of the USA.
Mr Graham it is time for you and Mr McCain to leave D.C. We the People no longer need your services.
NeverTrumper @LindseyGrahamSC needs to be voted out! He's undermining @POTUS
Please do something. I am a former conservative who is pleading for you to put country over party!
Most dangerous place in America. Between Lindsey and a camera.
Happy Birthday, Senator Graham! 
Hey Lindsey, he's not "falling for Putin", he is truly a traitor. Surely you know this by now. He's an overt Kremlin asset. This is 'why'.
Never thought I'd live in a state where I believe both my Senators support Russia over America. Scary to be American today.
The question is... DID u TAKE YOUR MEDS THIS MORNING? MAKE SURE U ARE SOBER BEFORE U SPEAK.
#25thAmendmentNow
Enough taking already. Time for action. Do something. Anything.
Senator you sound tough, but you ALWAYS succumb to the will of the GOP. I yearn for the day we have a senator in SC that will take action.
LG what would u have Potus do punch Putin? Start WW3? How bout you get after FBI and whoever is in charge of cyber security?Say no to WW3!
Actions speak louder than tweets.
How long are the people of America going to have to suffer through dealing with this incompetent President? That's all we want to know!
Focus on Russian meddling in our election and the traitor in the White House that allowed it to happen.
Like you care
Happy Birthday Senator! Agree with everything you said on @MeetThePress (except healthcare). We are counting on you to save the USA.
You and the entire Congress must all put your words on Russia into action to save the USA.
Glad to hear you speak against Trump today.  Now follow that up with actions to protect America from The traitor in the WH!!
Please keep speaking out against Russia meddling in our elections. Trump clan running the gov like a mafia, like Putin
Please keep pushing back against 45.  Americans need a Republican hero.
Good, more places u can blame Obama on and send troops to fie.
Blah blah blah. All talk & no action makes you complicit & therefore makes you & rest of @GOP just as much of a traitor as tRump.
Are you going to be best buds with Putin too?
WHERE ARE THE CONSEQUENCES FOR RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE?  You know God damn well what happened.. so stand up for your country.
You're just another #Puppet hiding you're part in #TrumpRussia the @GOP is a disgrace!You're the reason we can't have nice things.
#Traitors
Trump siding with Putin over his own IC, collecting US voter data & promising to form election cyber intel group w/Russia? Treason much??
Happy birthday, now take charge!
Like to see you and your gop actually DO SOMETHING! #ITMFA Also, HBD
Thank you Lindsay for your leadership
Are the people going to see HARD EVIDENCE or just take the Dems word for it? None of this..well it's possible, we think so crap
This @POTUS is dangerous.  You must realize this by now.  #standupforamerica you wet sock.
Trump's cognitive abilities are deteriorating before our Twitter eyes. He isn't even close to being right about the EU, but Russia?!?
He wants an cyber security alliance with Russia?!? The very nation that hacked the election?!? This insanity has gone too far.
The @GOP has to lay aside its agenda and deal with this man! Is he sundowning? It looked that way in numerous photos of him at the G20.
His lack of understanding abt Intel & his refusal to accept their clear findings are beyond astonishing. Why does he do this?
He was briefed twice by Obama, Obama placed sanctions on Russia. Why does @realDonaldTrump seem not to know these things?
If he has an endgame, to lift Russian sanctions, why? For Arctic oil $ to fill his private pockets?
Because he's beholden to Putin for the election? Russia is not a major world power except for oil.
Its other agenda is spying to undermine world democracies, the US being the major one. And what about Russian hacking into US nuclear cos?
Can you ask our employee and your friend Donald Trump hold Press Conferences, since it's part of his Job Description?
You can talk out of both sides of your face all you want ,but history will show you did nothing to save your country from the Trump Era!
Sir, you must *please* do something to ensure sanctions & not let House and 45 gut/delay Senate bill. US sovereignty at stake! #savenatsec
Happy Birthday!
Where you will talk tough on #trumprussia and do nothing. You and McCain talk tough and then fall in line like treasonous sheep.

UR SUPPORTING TREASON.
So...WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT TRUMP'S TREASON??
I mean, besides being "deeply concerned" with John McCain?
Reason- Rep never stay on top. Some are really Democrats.. You should run for potus as a Democrat Mr Graham.
Lindsey Graham: "I am intent on punishing the Russians.I want a clear message to Russia that you’ll pay a price for undercutting democracy”
I think you're a lying snake, Graham. You talk and talk but take no action, like McCain. I hope when trump goes down he takes you with him
Thanks
Talk is cheap. Happy birthday, Senator. Maybe somebody will give you a spine so you'll actually do something.
You Mr Graham are more of a security risk. You sound like HRC! Lets move forward. Quit dragging us backward..
Great exchange today!
Work with the Democrats on fixing Obamacare. Repeal is just to appease #ToddlerInChief because he  is so jealous of Barrack.
I wish I could like this more than once
Senator how about some legislation prohibiting the US from setting up a joint cyber security group with Russia?
Try putting your country 1st. You've lost your way. Trump has corrupted & confused u. I'll remind u: Putin is your enemy not the democrats.
SC must be so ashamed of you
It's time for the GOP to save its soul and step up. No weak admonishments. Action.  Cyber security with Putin?! He is his tool or fool.
I am No Longer blame Trump,  I blame you and the GOP for allowing Trump to destroy our Democracy. Lindsey Graham and Mitch are Traitors
Empty words and zero action. If you cared you'd be calling for impeachment
Senator, I implore you, if you believe what you say and truly care for democracy, please act to stop further erosion of our freedom.
Typical GOP...all talk,no action. @GOP is concerned and worried but still happily support the treason tRUmp train. Follow the dirty money 
When will you and the GOP step up for the country and protect us against #Trump?
You are a traitor.
With all due respect, Senator~"Actions always prove why words mean nothing."
Yeah, well then GROW A PAIR and impeach this POS and save your party.
Watched your segment. 1st HBD 2nd Nice diplomacy apprec the stand against Rus. 3rd disagree on #BRCA #RepairNotReplace no feculence
Why in the world would you retweet a communist tweet
You going to tell them how smart Clinton and Obama were?
The biggest threat to American national security is Donald Trump and the complicit GOP.
You sir, are one of the worst.
How long are you going to keep on defending Trump?
We're listening. Will you say anything substantial? Doubtful
Senator Trump is damaging this Country. Stand up and do your job. Country before Party!
Trump is putins puppet
You're about the only Republican I respect.
Is there ever a time you do not run to the press to bad mouth the President. You should try to strengthen the office, not weaken it. #shame
@LindseyGrahamSC would love to see you back @POTUS instead of bashing him! None of us know their convo; no idea what Pres said to Putin!
Don't worry about it, Trump is outsourcing it to Russia.   He's got this.
We can see you're trying out that "bravery" thing again. It's cute. *pats on head*
Constant lip service with zero action. DO SOMETHING to stop this maniac Senator!
I expect u 2 speak out about Trump's plan "work with Russia on cyber security". That's like having the guy that robbed u set up your alarm
They only have u on because u r a puppet to the MSM and a sell out!!!! Anti Trump will make u lose

We are counting on you and the GOP to do the right thing. No weakening or removal of sanctions against Russia! No collab on cybersecurity!
How am I following you? I'm virtually certain I blocked you.
Goodnight Lindsey
We need our leadership to be patriots. Country before party.
We hope that after you are finished speaking you to start to take clear & definitive action. American politics is failing all around you.
Excited to see Trump and Putin will solve internet security together. At least our downfall will be quick. Nice job.
Words no action
Did you have to check with Putin first?
make sure to wipe mccain's nut off your chin first
You get 'em, Lindsay. I use to hate you, now I almost like you
O'Keefe has been fined for hacking together misleading video.
