BREAKING: North Korea test-fires a ballistic missile  http://fxn.ws/2pHlWWb  
My advice to the GOP:  Pass a law that makes tweeting national security issues illegal.  Our president is going to get us killed.
Great in theory, but Donald doesn't seem to think laws apply to him.
Sadly true. And the once upright and moral GOP is so greedy now they won't do a thing about it.
out of all Drumpfs & Cyprus Wilbur to easily prove their all money-laundering foot soldiers in WW Russian mafia? Easy RICO & Foreign Corrupt
Problem

Lame..is this all the diplomatic bluster you can muster, now?  John Kerry could have used your help #MYpoliticsfirst
Boi u look like an carrot
Time's truly running out on our democracy and. Constitution. Let's deal with our own mess before cleaning someone else's house. #resist
My advise to US., Take twitter away from that baby in the WH. He'll get us all killed.
When are you and your boyfriend Johnny going to get over your cat-chasing-flashlight glee about bombs bursting in air & subpoena the crap...
Are you kidding, asking the World to help us when Donald is making Enemies of every Ally we have had? He is making fools even of each 1 of U
But then what will folks at Mar-a-Lago do "in lieu of after dinner entertainment"?
http://variety.com/2017/biz/news/wilbur-ross-commerce-secretary-syria-missile-strike-tax-cuts-1202405269/ …
With foreign policy so scrambled, will countries be comfortable teaming with us? The rest of the world takes this stuff seriously.
My advice to you and your fellow Republicans is DO YOUR JOB! The man is unhinged and unqualified, full stop.
How about we staff up the state department and get them working on it instead of firing 2300 of them?
There isn't any government employee that has a clue. If they did they would not be working for Feds!
You spelled "too" incorrectly
Hell, Ted shot was one of your few actions to be applauded!
Drumpfs: "I know TWIT, Pootie didn't hack (redux)," "abolish archaic const., make me dic-taster now," "traitor Flynn an Obama conspiracy"...
And you are planning on taking South Korea and Japan with you?  Because N. Korea would destroy them.
#fearmongering
I had hope for you Lindsey, but you have quietly let a deranged Nazi pave the way for nuclear winter. Special seat in Hell for you.
it is your job to pull the reins on this delusional president.  not ours.  not China's.
Step 1.  Impeach Trump.  The world needs stability.  Do better.
Me?  Yikes
Congress needs to lend a mature hand in curtailing the man-baby the GOP supported and elected. Political parties are important but not all.

Tell that to your buddy, Trump the warmonger.  HE started all of this trouble.  No talk of war before HE took office.  Tell the truth.
That means more calls to Trump, he is having a hard time to understanding anything about anything
Senator Graham. Are you listening to his rally?  Stop this!  He is dividing our country, he lies about everything. He will cause a disaster.
It's not the rest of the worlds responsibility to help the US do anything. If the leader of your party can't control himself, that's your
charges stick. Give confiscated assets to Cruz wall (of all things you should apologize for, the one you did: Ted shot on Senate floor?)
It'll come to a point soon where no nation will stand by the new USA trump regime. trump started it, he ALONE should fix it.
I agree with your first point. But we're a democracy...Trump can't fix it alone. Impeachment can't come soon enough.
The SCOTUS needs to nullify the election and get Trump and his bandits out asap.
He put in his own SCOTUS who just voted for executions to move forward. He broke the 4-4 tie in that direction. He's a dangerous trumpster.
Thank you!He Want KJU to do something stupid so He can do something worse!Its 2 Idiots on the playground!
A gift from the Democrats and Slick Willy!
Be prepared, there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III.
Too late?  Nuclear war?  Let us stand down, sir.  Not much in this universe is worth nuclear war...
Respectfully Sen. Graham,  if 45 had not run his mouth w/o proper insight & info, the world wouldn't be under such pressure right now.
My advice to you is to stop aligning yourself with Cheeto Hitler; it does not reflect well on you
@LoveuLynn  this might be of place you are right Lindsey.
#Trumprussia #Trump. Don't deflect.
Did u cum in your pants when u typed that thinking about another war?
Why is this on Twitter?
I agree
then #ImpeachTrump
#Trumprussia
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Any suggestions or is your job just to state the patently obvious...?
Ur President is wanting SK to pay for THAAD. As you well know, we have tens of thousands of military there. You need to grow some balls boy.
His sons won't have to fight in a war so why would he care about the rest of us moms being worried.
TOO late.
Your loyalty to this monster is going to end up ruining your life. Ask your family if it's worth it.
letting president & underlings that r under  FBI investigation start WWIII 2 distract from said investigation is UNAMERICAN
My advice to Graham and the republicans at large--help the US peacefully get rid of the trump cancer before it's too late. Time is running.
Trump wants a fight w/NK to distract us from his and his admin's collusion w/ Russia's hacking of our election! THEY KNEW FLYNN WAS DIRTY!
Oh Senator Graham, I no longer support you.
Yes, PLEASE step in and take care of this! If you leave it to Trump we'll all be dead.
Wonder how much the complicit gop paid NK to fire that missle? #shinymetalobject
*too
time running out. Have you already planed  for a war. You will not be forgiven for this. Your all killing america
my advice to you is: Get your President under control before it's to late. Why are you allowing him to destroy us
*too
What would be your advice to your own country? I'm concerned about where macho posturing on both sides could lead.
Your great President has had a terrific 1st 100 days!  Congress has done nothing and must Fix Ocare, cut taxes and build wall now No excuses
world is not listening! No credibility, stupidity and poor leadership. Sad!!
I would have believed you if the news source was from a credible news outlet but fox?  Another WMDs in the making
Diplomacy?  Trump keeps sabotaging Tillerson!  Trump is a madman who is going to get millions killed.
Ok - I agree, but now focus on healthcare. I want the same healthcare you have!
Most people (countries) will respond negatively to ominous ultimatums. Is the Senator from SC threatening world war????
Time is running out. Do NOT allow a war her Senator. Do not.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @FoxNews Start by telling @realDonaldTrump to stop tweeting every ridiculous thing that comes into his "great brain"
Get rid of trump first. Then we talk.
Mr Grahamwafer. Why did you allow this thing #Tillerson to be confirmed as SoS? He is clearly out of his depth.
The GOP is in charge these days. What can you do to help Trump fix the problem?  Tell Trump to filter his mouth and stop tweeting.
Time is running out for Russian and Trump Investigation.   .@SenMajLeader .@SpeakerRyan
My advice to you is to focus on current domestic threats, like the ones in the White House. #TrumpRussia
You know better, Lindsey...China is friends with NK and said we're causing the problems.
"Help Me Twitter!" –– the Ricky Bobby approach to intentional int'l crisis created by ignorant authoritarian you support.
You're an elected Senator, taking to Twitter, to solve an int'l crisis created by the man you supported. Could you be more lost & desperate?
@LindseyGrahamSC : how close to armageddon are you willing to go to preserve the idea that @realDonaldTrump is a republican?
and who's freaking fault is that? stop playing with a guy with nothing to lose
It isn't helpful having the President trash talking his fellow bad haired, chubby Emperor. GOP silence on his tweets is complicity.
I hear what you are saying Senator, but what would happen when time runs out. Does the @POTUS  actually have a North Korea policy?
Agree from a rino
You mean before POTUS starts a fight with NK?
I appreciate the tweet, but some illusions of grandeur 2 think that the Chinese/world care what the short man from Central, SC advises?
You mean like Obama tried to do? Just asking.
You will be on the Mt Rushmore of Trump apologists and enablers.  

Impeach him and save yourself and us.
If only we had a fully staffed State Department to assist us with this... ...not that that's odd or anything..
More diplomacy needs to be used not tweets or bully pulpit peacock! Get some experienced grown ups in the game to get this job done
C'mon senator you've been sitting on your a$$ for 70 years and now that Bubbles wants to sell his missiles you're having a hissy fit
What is your advice for DT & his stupid tweets! Why aren't you calling him out before he gets us into war? What a mess!
@FoxNews this is all in Trump and his small world vision. #TrumpFail #Trumpdumb ##
"it's"
Gosh, Lindsey, how excited are you about massive war??  This is what you missed so much under Obama & now you get your wish.
Get rid of Trump before it's too late. Time is running out.
Are you asking other gov'ts to solve the problem  #Putinspuppet escalated because he is incapable of diplomacy or negotiating? HELP, S.O.S?
Yes, other countries need to step up bc we have decimated (demoralized the remaining) diplomatic corps, which has a clueless @StateDept ldr
So is China following you on twitter? And while you're handing out advice, ya got any for the White House?
I think 45 already threatened violence
Shut up   Termlimits would rid us of you. Fin Richard
Under Supreme Commander #Trump the wars will run on time.
My advice to you is you better get rid Donald before we're all blown up.  Used to like you. Sad. Sold your soul.
With all due respect Senator Graham, you need to put a stop to the Trump bombastic talk and yours too. We do not want a war!
Hey Lindsey, unless YOU and are prepared to be on the FRONT lines of a NK conflict...#STFU 
War monger. I use to respect u. Not anymore
Yes it is as Trump is trying to deflect by starting a war before he is arrested for treason! Nuclear war or impeachment?
And "it's" not its -good grief- there is surely a pocket guide you could pick up @librarycongress
Oh and that would be "too" late - Jesus - remember you are a lawyer-the English language you should love. @maddow @SenSchumer @funder
You can stop this. You have a voice. Put your country before the maniacal leader of your party.
Then, would you guys stop potus from running his mouth & making threats?!?! No war!!!!
Then do us all a favor and get your boss off twitter. Please.
trump is making situation worse by sticking his tiny hands where they don't belong...again.
Funny. My advice to @Gop is similar: help the US peacefully solve the Trump problem before it is too late. Time is running out.
Trump's tweets are accelerating the minutes on that clock.
And tell Trump not to incite w his dumb tweets!  He aggravates the situation and I don't think any smart person wants war! Plenty of options
Gee, if you take away @realDonaldTrump's twitter account, we wouldn't be in this mess. My advice to you: Impeach him before we all die.
YOU and @SenJohnMcCain are the problem.  You have your heads in the ground - or is it your russian ties too that's the problem?
Don't let Trump destroy our beaches in SC!
Peacefully solve this? Then stop saying "you're all in with Trump" every time he drops another bomb.
My advice to you is to impeach 45 and put a reasonable person unconnected to the #TrumpRussia treason in his place. Also tweeting China? SAD
Have you joined your party and gone "bat shit crazy" by supporting Trump!
My advice to you is reign in @POTUS before it's too late. His temperament and tweets put us all at risk!
Step 1: take away Trump's Twitter account. For the love of God.
Stop twitter for diplomacy...idiotas
Why don't you reign in 45? He's causing this. He need to be medically evaluated at Walter Reed. Insist that he seek medical attention.
Get rid of unhinged traitor Trump
I would expect a US senator to have a better command of the English language.

@BetsyDeVos
maybe this is too important to be litigated via Twitter, senator.
Oh thats great advice mr graham Think 45s tweeter account could be deleted in the diplomacy process? @realDonaldTrump war is not the answer
Do your job Senator Graham and host investigations and hound Traitor Trump to stop this. You are experienced at doing this to Obama
My advice to you is to learn the difference between "to" & "too." Use words, not guns.
Pipe down. We already have one fool running his mouth on this too much.
My Advise to you is, get him under control, he's moody & unstable, shouldn't the state department take care of that? Oops! Russian desimated
"too late", not "to late"...ask Betsy DeVos for help with your spelling.
Or maybe don't gut the state department and have ACTUAL DIPLOMATS do their actual jobs?
And you are watching Fox of course. You think that's a credible source to cite?
Advice for this nervous SC mom?  My son leaves tomorrow for Japan for 2 wks all by himself. No group.  Please respond.
Ever thought about a State Dept.?
You're peddling diplomacy over twitter...you're just as bad as the narcissistic president..dump Spicer and do everything via twitter...
Thank you, but I don't get the feeling that POTUS wants to solve this peacefully. Please help him keep a level head on this & not start WW3.
My advice to all of you @GOP ..Impeach trump before he starts WW3. U are all sitting back watching because it's all bout party 4 all of u
There's plenty of time. Try harder dude
Thanks for the sage advice. Might want to pass that on to the dimwit who currently occupies the oval office, Senator wishy-washy!
Thank you for being a grown up.
*it's too* Sen Graham, pls impeach before it's too late and trump starts a war to stay in office. Be a patriot!
@FoxNews how can this possibly be resolved via @Twitter? Is @StateDept that ineffective? Is #Tillerson even on it?
Ok Hawk
@POTUS speaks highly of his relationship wth China.If time is of the essence who do we trust but our military?
Has anyone told @realDonaldTrump that we ALL want a PEACEFUL solution! We know he'd prefer war so his stocks go up.
You are the biggest disappointment in this entire thing. I thought you guys were the solution to all our problems. Now u need the world?
......Or maybe the Republican led Congress can step up their game. Not enough monies involved for ya'll.
AND you need to remind the Prez that the US military gave up plans for a two front war years ago.  Might want to tweet training a bit
GOP with the blood of millions on their hands. SAD!
Wonderful advice!!!
Or, you could take a cold shower and lose your war chubby.
U helped create this mess, now u want to give advice?
My advice to @LindseyGrahamSC: you and other @GOP members need a mass grammar lesson. Embarrassing!

*"it's too late" (not "its to late")
Thanks Captain English!!!!!
.@LindseyGrahamSC If @realDonaldTrump wud stop egging Kim Jong-Un on, we can  "peacefully solve the NK problem." Stop supporting aggression!
My advice to you and the GOP -- help US peacefully solve the 45 problem before it's too late. (See correction.) Time is indeed running out!
Terrible. Also: learn to spell.
Aren't @realDonaldTrump tweets solving the crisis?
Perhaps you could suggest to Mrs. Donald Putin that saber-rattling tweets aren't particularly helpful.
Kidding old man? GOP is in charge of everything that's Exactly what you wanted. It's your deal and it all falls on all your shoulders
*too *it's
