Pls do something to stop this non sense . You guys are in control therefore
do the right thing to save our country and Democracy.
I don't believe you and your good ole boys club has done much to help the American people in the last 8 yrs and 6 mo....
.@LindseyGrahamSC Where were u after Muslim terrorist attacks?Busy supporting open borders& Amnesty w 7 other Soros puppets 
#MAGA #traitors
They don't need you, they have the most powerful man in the world on their side
I'm a Nationalist.  We believe in the political independence of this nation.  We believe in sovereignty, self government & Constitution.
But they do like you the most and believe your their friend because you always hurt the president!
Thanks for your statement, but stop pretending you don't know why racists love Trump.
Why do racists love Trump? Please answer @7heather.
nazionalismo esasperato induce  a sottovalutare l'avversario  e i suoi sostenitori camuffati
i
Haven't you figured out yet that the liberal protest organizers own those groups too! They do it to create this crap! Get real now!

“Here's the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.” —Hillary

U R VICTIMS OF A CON! I HATE TO SAY THAT, BUT IT'S TRUE. U HAVE BEEN PLAYED!
Trump has denounced KKK, they were a small group that none of us even knew about but thanks to u idiots KKK, got the coverage!
Your a donk. A self serving donk!
Nobody likes you or believes your their friend!
Not true
Unless you're calling for @realDonaldTrump to get rid of Sessions, Bannon, Miller, & Gorka, then yes, you're their friend.
You're engaging in the infamous RW psychological projection.  You can't even be original.
thank you for your clear statements& disconnection to white nationalist, now please remember those with pre existing we can not be heartless
#Privatecharity
They would like to think POTUS likes them but he doesn't.Real Republicans don't hate or fight!
Yeah but MSNBC, democrats, socialists, CNN, and Illegal immigrants do.
Swampy, NO ONE like's you; except illegals, Anti-Trump supporters and Democrats. This is the most we've seen you work in ages.
But Senator you ARE their friend. You are complicit in supporting @realDonaldTrump who IS a White Supremacist KKK loving RACIST BIGOT.
You don't have any friends when it comes to Trump supporters. Just stick with your friend, McCain, the other self-serving politician.
If you had any sense you would see that all of these groups are owned by liberal organizers! They do it to create these narratives!Get real!
I don't think you have ANY friends! We will see when you run for reelection! You are a dipstick!
And BLM and Antifa loves you too!
If you support Trump, you are their friend.
Never fear nobody likes you
What Graham hasn't figured out is that there are a lot of people that do not like him or wish him well.
Amen
Nobody likes u Lindsey
Yea but you have no problem with BLM and AntiFa being your friend. Let's hear you denounce THEM Lindsey. Come on, you can do it
nobody likes you and you are nobodys friend so, SHUT UP!!
Very Tired of @lindseygrahamSC
@CNN @LindseyGrahamSC NO ONE likes you. You polled .5% in the primaries. Remember being stuck on the kid's debate stage?
You Mr. Graham are one of the poster pics for term limits!
Mean not good for our country. Try to fix it dont say bad things you don't really know to be true.The Left says "love not hate", yet look!!?
They don't? No one with any sense of what America is would support White supremacy. They have been around for decades. Ludicrous.
They Love Bigot 45th
In all fairness Grahamnesty, and ashamedly so, they aren't the only ones who don't like you!
there where no white nationalist it was people wanting to stop removing our history.Antifa and BLM where bused in to cause problems
. GRAHAM 》WELL GOOD FOR YOU! You are so perfect! And of course you tooted ur own horn & bashed our POTUS & @GOP members!
Are we confusing 2 different groups? Young Nationalist are young republicans starting out. What is the other group?
I believe the only friend you have is dying of cancer. Oh, I'm sorry, the lgbt and libturds like you.
hahahaha You are best buddy with the real Nazis, the Germans and help them expand their new reich the EU!
USA don't need n want friends like them
Me thinks @LindseyGrahamSC is in a bit of denial.
U dont know why? "Why we voted for Donald Trump": David Duke explains the white supremacist Charlottesville protests
.not good enough by your flippant words u show ur southern white privilege roots #sad denouncing in a bigly way @tedlieu
I guess we better check with u on how the government should b run. lets see, how did u do when running for president?  Oh, yea-Whoops!
Right on brother.  No room in this world for that kind of hate. Defeated it in '45 only to watch it rise again. It will lose again though
According to your vote count, a lot of other people don't like you either 
They don't like POTUS either.
I don't you denouncing them also.  Why did the governor and major not tell the police to get under control.
He cover all groups instead like blm was there also and other Democrat controlling groups with all gear to fight.
Nazis, #NAZIS in our streets senator. @POTUS must be resisted.  You are either on the side of good, or #Complicit to evil #nazism
You need to worry about South Carolinians liking you big boy!!
The list of people who dont like you is long,varied,and certainly not restricted to these 300 people @potus #maga #deplorables @circa
Remember that the next time you aid and abet our racist president!
Who would want 2 b a friend of a violent murdering white supremacy gang?Parents& policing doesn't involve friendship.it involves discipline
Graham, stop appeasing groups that want to delete history. LEAVE THE STATUES ALONE. You enjoy your stay you will be replaced next election.
that's right cause its all about graham..who cares what you think? not many americans do im sure.
Self aggrandizing is all heard.
But he is their friend. May be member. 90 yrs ago this month father arrested KKK rally NY. Trump may be klan member too!
You don't believe their your friends? @realDonaldTrump did a  better job at denouncing the violence than you. They're NOT my friends!!
But who is there BFF Lindsey.
I'll give you a hint.
Its bc you talk out both sides of your ass sen, they id with Trump bc he spks his mind, if you all were more honest, we'd have less problems
Who care about you Lindsey Graham?
Nobody does.
Lindsey Graham does, as a matter of fact that's all he cares about!
Why do you think everything is about you! Do your job and butt out of the rest...you and McCain need to focus on your job now!!
They hate gays, so........
Why promote hate?
Most Americans likely believe Graham would be affiliated with this group much more than POTUS would be!
He's such and aggravating ass
What we need is term limits get rid of these politicians who only think of themselves and not the people vote them out wakeup america
YOU ARE NOT THE PRESIDENT....... HOWEVER, YOU ARE FREE AND WELCOME TO CRITICISE HIM
The Charlotteville city council and Va gov instigated this situation by changing the name of the park and going after the statue.
Far left politicians in Virginia promoted the riots by voting to remove the statue of a historical heroe

Every time you open your mouth OR run for Pres, you lose friends
The establishment or career politicians on both sides and the news media are to blame for racial violance they favor one side over another
Who does like you @LindseyGrahamSC?  I am a @POTUS supporter.  Are you trying to alienate me?  It seems you are.
Chris, I do not need to watch MSNBC, I hear and see it every Sunday morning on your show.
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC I love this. Too bad @realDonaldTrump is too much of coward to say this.
So once again the establishment inviting BLM to the party and embraced them why? Where was the condemnation of BLM byour career politicians?
Lindsay, you will never be president.
What if they did like you? Would you condemn them even if it cost you their votes?
@LindseyGrahamSC @GOP Taking women's & LGBT rights away is bigotry & racism also so you're all just as bad as the Lil Natzi White Boys!
Nobody likes you.
but Antifa does...so whats the difference?
He condemned all groups for the violence. Grow a back bone and speak up for once
I don't like you either Lindsey, only Soros likes you!
Soros again! you people are obsessed! I bet you look under the bed every night for a bogeyman!
Agreed but many more don't like you for your garbage talk and lack of support
You aren't many people's friend! You can bet on that.
YOU are ANTIFA
The "swamp ppl" both sides of aisle would rather control ppl, it's easier for them rather then govern. They're r not use to all of this work
U know what we would love to see, swamp ppl's taxes taken from them & squandered away after their hard workin days.Icing on the cake for us!
Lindsey poll numbers were 0 why ask for his opinion

.@LindseyGrahamSC No one does Lindsey. You and McConnell are the two biggest clowns in the @GOP
Nobody likes u, Lindsey. R u that stupid to think otherwise?
The GOP now owns this
I usually agree with you, the left is playing with our minds...they will do anything!
Hello troll how is your day going 
Yeah, 20 is way too old to be a friend of Lindsey's.
They elect you.
Hmmm..angry Americans should be acknowledging... the Nazis drew first blood.. in our USA. Did they just draw targets on their Nazi flags?
I missed the part where blm ran someone over because of a statue.
These " white nationalist" troublemakers are paid by the left. SIMPLE Round them up and INVESTIGATE who they REALLY are! Leftists posing!
So funny.
And what an uneducated thing to say.
'Psst.  Hey.  Lindsey.  Here's your donation from the KKK via check...'
Or any of us. But where's the outrage for terrorist group #BlackLivesMatters. Can't have it both ways.
He's more concerned with what his pals on both side of the isle, think of him.
 #Venezuela: Christians pray to God on the street because of the bad situation of their country.
Being one sided about this will make this situation even worse. Embolden Antifa and BLM and piss off the Supremacists.
"but ANTIFA!!!11!!" 

is the new

"but her emails!!11!!"
Have you even attempted to find out what happened? The violence began with Antifa and BLM
blatant lie, violence from the alt. right started long before antifa was there.....

friday evening:

https://twitter.com/jnsanchez/status/896351164756840448 …
We are actually talking about yesterday. But if you want to expand it we can go with the many many times Antifa has hurt people.
the alt right gathering started friday and that's when the violence started, you don't get to decide what i talk about, defender of nazis
You got that right!
