BREAKING: Senate passes $4 trillion budget blueprint in crucial step for President Trump's overhaul of the tax code.
No vacations for Congress entire Great America Agenda is passed and nominees approved Taxpayers don’t vacation until job is done
The rest of us have to work, why shouldn’t they?!
Let me know when they've actually started working this year, will you, toots?
Controlling the deficit? You mean attempting to explode the deficit!

Lays it out clearly for those members of congress who just can't figure it out.  https://twitter.com/unitealbertans/status/922216510638006272 …
Proud that you gutted Medicare? Are you ever going to get on the right side of history?
Criminal cuts to Medicaid and Medicare.  You are a bunch of thugs hired by oligarchs.
Big money rich people! Whooo!!! Screw the poor, right??

Please get it done !!
Are you planning on taxing 401K 
How is give a windfall tax break to the richest gong to do this???
Don't pass it if it's still giving to the top 1%. Stop pretending you care about deficits because y'all are lying to the American people
Time to run this weirdo out of his job. SC can do better than this guy.
Thank you for voting for increased deficits and poorer healthcare for the elderly and poor. Republicans are now the deficit party!
Lindsey needs to remember his state’s rural hospitals are dependent on federal funding thru Medicaid/Medicare
Americans R not proud of you, in fact we are disgusted by the Trump loving GOP Put some big boy panties on like @SenBobCorker @SenJohnMcCain
I can’t believe you are promoting this tax cut for billionaires. #BoughtAndPaidFor
Every American, Democrat and Republican alike, needs to stand in unity and in one voice demand campaign finance reform. Our elected officials should represent constituents, not Big Money. #RepealCitizensUnited #BoughtAndPaidFor #corruption #votethesebumsout #GetMoneyOutOfPolitics
Yes, I'm sure all those billionaires are happy for the boost you're giving to THEIR economy.
If you were proud you would not have to make the assertion ... without being asked.   DEFICIT: 1 trillion per year to reward donors. Shame.

At the Middle Class and the Working poor the GOP gives the wealthy tax cuts.  We will survive and vote the GOP out.
One step closer to putting more money into the pockets of rich people...WHERE IT WILL NOT TRICKLE DOWN.  This will hurt the economy
Pssst. The economy is doing great. @thanksobamateam  #MuellerTime
The wealthy that failed to trickle down.
America is disgusted with GOP Senate majority. All you know is treason and hurting the American people
The economy affects more than just the 1%. You are rich but this is OUR country. Tax reform doesn't mean wrecking healthcare. #impeachGOP
Of course you’ll pass it... it only helps those who vote for it! You’re all disgusting and disappointing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@AP How is gutting Medicare going to help me? Would love an answer for your constituents.
We all know you’re giving your donors tax breaks. Money certainly buys anything. Only rich will benefit. We KNOW WHAT YOU’RE DOING

The middle wil get hit n then GOP will get hit in 2018
The wealthy that failed to trickle down.
Have you notice? Economists my is doing fine..all your wealthy donors are enjoying more wealth. Boosting economy is a lie.
Yes, you are one step closer to raising the budget deficit... Aren't you supposed to be a conservative? You got totally hypnotized...at golf
Now just get rid of that AHole Trump and we are in business
Did Main Street bail you out of The Great Recession so you could get this new $1.9 Trillion Tax Break this year? NO SIR!
Who's boosting economy?? You are taking on a new war and also passing a $1.9 Trillion Tax Break? Are you nuts?
Supporting the rich and betraying the common man while throwing the poor in a ditch. I suppose you claim to be Christian.
Take $1.5trillion away from Medicare/Medicaid
Dont hold Trump accountable for the $100mil he has wasted on golf trips
Tax cut for the rich
I am very proud you are my senator from SC. I have faith in you and all the other SC will speak for us and make sure we are not over looked.
yep gonna magically cut 1.5 trillion out the budget but we will onloy see a few million.. its cool. plus will add to deficit. @jamesofebg
trickle down economics NEVER works - you've seen it before. Why perpetuate this myth on citizens when you know better?
Tax shift lindsey
Nobody is fooled
Get health care done with the tax reform, 100% with you Lindsey
Sell ur war mongering lies to someone else you hypocrite, how much are you gonna make on this Graham???
Yeah boy, increasing the fed deficit so that the wealthy & big corporations can eat up even more American tax dollars. Wtg GOP.
Proud of NOTHING that has trump stamp on it. America's being seriously damaged by the senseless, divisive & cruel rhetoric from oval office.
Met you in Mcormick once.  Thought you were a good guy.  But you're a liar and a fool just like our POTUS.  The world is laughing at us.
So disappointed in Ret USAF Col @LindseyGrahamSC He knows the Commander-In-Chief is unfit for duty & does nothing. #ClassicGraham #MadKingD
You're just like Trump, you repeat and repeat your own horse manure until you think it's actually true. There's no boost to the economy, which is doing well without your help, and no massive job creation either. Just the same old lies, lies, lies.
Can you do it WITHOUT adding to the debt our children will pay? Please don't pretend we will "grow" our way out of debt.
Who’s economy?  I know, your rich donors!


I don't need or want your tax break and I'm going to get one. This is nuts. Have compassion! Be kind! Please.
Do you actually believe this garbage, sir?  I started to follow you bc I thought you might be sane. Losing faith......
MEDICAID _MEDICARE - gets cut --whats next --Won't say - let me help SOCIAL SECURITY--  Mark my words .
What Lindsey -- have you run through the $800,000 you got from the Russian in 2015 and need some more from KOCH and/or Mercer?
Tax breaks for corporations and the rich... Repubs=Reverse Robbin Hood: Rob from the poor (& middle class) and give to the rich!!!

Sad day for the middle class!
You are telling the truth as much as Gen Kelly. Get your nose out and work for the people not step on them
I think you mean you're proud to be giving the rich and ENORMOUS #taxbreak! 
What about the #deficit?
I will never vote republican again.
Barf
Please stop this you know this will hurt the most needed and help the rich why don’t you stand up for US and say no to Trump impeach now.
Giving billions to the rich ??  Great job Lindsey, just screw 80% of us....especially the poor in SC....
LIAR!
LIAR!
LIAR!
Stop the madness you absolute criminals giving welfare to the 1%!!
You don't seriously believe a tax cut is going to boost economy measurably to you? Naive at best, dishonest at worst.
And screwing the working class... AGAIN
Tell someone who cares
I will deal with the tax fiasco if you promise to get rid of the Pussy-Grabber-in-Chief. It will be worth paying the extra taxes. 
@FaliciaHarvey
Wait until the poor people from your State   (And there are many) understand what's in it.
U will pay for this travesty at the polls
HERE'S TO THE TRAITORS IN OUR GOVERNMENT! THE REPUG MAFIA! LYING THIEVES!!!
You are one step closer to crushing working people with debt in a massive giveaway to the obscenely wealthy.
He’s so excited he’ll be tap dancing at the local airports men’s room stall...
What a complete fabrication! You will improve your big donors’ economy and hurt lower and middle class people you are supposed to serve!

new Gallup Poll on how Americans view Trump performance as president: 35% approve, 60% disapprove
@AP yes of course, "Giving tax breaks to the rich always helps the working class and the economy" said no economist ever.
Who are you?

1st you want to take healthcare, then itemized deductions, then to finish it off 401k's.
There’s talk of capping 401(k) contributions at $2,400 per year http://on.mktw.net/2xaB4eH 

You are lying to us and this tax reform is going to hurt the economy! Can't wait until you don't get reelected.
good work
Hot where it’s been cool?  Chad put on travel ban. USA breaks trust. Chad leaves Niger. Isis moves in.  Ambush of 4 SF.  Mercenaries fuck up

Pass it!!. This year is a horribly year for small business. Stock market means nothing. We are hurting...
Too bad for the middle class.  I can see not one reason for anyone to be proud of @GOP.
How does this benefit the middle class?????? @LindseyGrahamSC
Who do you serve? The needy people of your state? Or people who already have everything?
Wow liar!!
Finally @SenJohnMcCain voted conservative!
REMEMBER OTHER COUNTRIES, ALLIES & EVIL R WATCHING US DIVIDED CONSTANTLY BECAUSE OF ALWAYS BEING IN NEWS/UNITED WE STAND DIVIDED WE FALL!
Putting more money in the bank for the already rich will not boost the economy. Your tax "reform" will explode the deficit. #mathishard
I AM NOT ASKING U TO "AGREE" WITH EVERYTHING OUR PRES SAYS (I VOTED FOR HIM/BUT DISAGREE ON SOME)UNITED WE STAND DIVIDED WE FALL/
Please Sen Graham STAND WITH OUR REPUBL PRES, GEN KELLY & GEN MATTIS, etc.  UNITED WE STAND DIVIDED WE FALL!
I have respect 4 u
Congresswoman did not start it, Pre.Trump start it and you know that.
Dude, I’m watching you on the tube right now and you look rough. Get some sleep and wash your face. Stop drinking so much; you’re wearing it
Love you Mr. Trump!
We dont trust you to make honest decisions.
Yeah! I love our president!
It's not a tax cut, it's highway robbery.
More money for the rich. That should help your constituents
I think this tax reform will beggar not boost our economy
You’re proud of the wrong things. Suggested readings for GOP

Don't cap our 401k! Bad mistake. I am a reliable GOP voter. Get tax reform and repeal and replace done !
Trickle Down....must serve the wealthy Donors Senator
Have to see it to believe it.
and screw over the Middle class again GOP never learns total Frauds only for the wealthy
Seniors of SC will not take this lightly.
You voted to cut millions from my Medicare.  Shame on you we are barely making it now.
To help the poor billionaires and screw the middle class.
Lin! you know this is BS c'mon man! You're better than this!
I am middle class and I do not believe for one minute you will cut my taxes.
To make you and @realDonaldTrump richer? I hope y'all feel really good about making the middle class poorer. Hope you sleep well at night.
Tax working people's 401k so multi millionaires get to avoid inheritance taxes. You're a fraud. Resign & caddy for Trump.
You're another puppet. $800K buys a lot, eh Lindsey?
Tax cuts for the Rich while the poor is punished. Know God is watching y'all.

How many times do you Neanderthals need to be shown trickle down doesn't work?
2.  GOP is a disgrace.  I miss the era when corruption wasn't deciding factor.  When conservatism vs support could find common ground,
Liar
1. How the hell can u b proud of GOP sen? Most r keeping trump in office; going out of their way to line their pockets at citizens' expense.
railroad it through....don’t even think about screwing up Medicare or be prepared for a war
Lying about tax plan.it screws poor and middle class.Benefits wealthy. Significantly Increases r debt.
Heaven help us. I don’t trust anything you’re involved in anymore Sen Graham. Sorry you went on one too many golf outings with POTUS.
This is not in the best interest for me, you maybe but not me

The deficit keeps growing
Stealing from the poor to give to the rich. Shame on you. Tax change will decimate Medicare and Medicaid.
Nobody even believes your GungHo Lets Go schtick @LindseyGrahamSC  Go do some day drinking at a "family"-friendly Tiki Bar. stop "wording"
That’s crap and you know it. Budget helps rich and corporations the most. Disappointed in you
glad that you’re so proud and smug about screwing over working class americans  and handing $$$ over to the rich. #gth #reverserobinhood 
Senator, are you really proud of cutting taxes for the very wealthy?And what about your constituents? Just long enough to get re elected,eh?
Trickle down economics doesn’t work. The rich keep their money and little guy gets pissed on.
you and @SpeakerRyan and @realDonaldTrump and @VP soon be in Jail your all in bed with Russia why are you liar and fake  step down all you
What are you most proud of? Jumping in bed with DJT - liar-in-chief or cutting Medicare for elders to give the wealthy a tax break?
GOP budget cuts to medicare/SS will harm many in this country & will see no tax cuts from from their bill
Trickle-up economics! Congrats on busting the deficit, you fiscal hawks, you!
1 STEP CLOSER TO KILLING ECONOMY #lindseyresign
Lindsey the economy is doing pretty well. How about you guys relax a bit and make sure this isn’t only a rich persons benefit reform!!
Rich people everywhere are celebrating
We all know it won't help the people who need it.
You people crash the economy. Then a Dem cleans it up, hands it over healthy, you crash it again. Repeat. Useless money-grubbing traitors.
The Koch brothers are so proud. Republicans walk lock step to their drum.
Shame on the gop. Making America a one party nation much like other dictatorships.
It’s all yours.
You are taking funds from Medicare and Medicaid. How does this help the majority of your constituents who are not in the top 1%?
Proud?  We'll see what spin you and the rest of the GOP put on this when the economy falters and the pieces have to be picked up again.
1 trillion cut to Medicaid and Medicare
And put more money in YOUR pocket, not OURS!
Yes Thank GOD
Making the middle class poor again
Lindsey there is nothing to be proud of! Disgusting group of people that history will not think kindly of.
The economy is going in the right direction, just say it’s a tax break for the rich so you won’t be accused of lying.
But I thought our economey was doing great. Why the stimulus?
It’s amazing that you are proud to screw the middle class with the gop tax plan! Your a hypocrite!
Senator, you are a good man, but you are "proud" of a lot of really terrible things.
You're just adding more to the deficit!  What happened to real Republicans?!
Lindsey, correct me if I'm wrong but sent we near full employment with a record setting DOW? Seems like the DEFICIT should be priority, no?
Yes be very proud of the cuts to Medicaid and Medicare.  Screw the poor and the elderly.  But by god you get a tax break.
Yeah, no, it will boost the "economy" of those at the top. Why do you R's think that this would be good for us hardworking middle Americans?
What about all those Obama-years and deficit-preaching? I guess the tax cuts will pain for themselves again. Voodoo-nomics for the rich.

There is a special place in hell for those who lie to middle class about tax increases.
Americans need to keep more of their money. Washington wastes money. We need to be able to file out own tax returns. Too complicated now.
