Yet you'll still vote for it when it comes up in the senate
No way will he vote for this bill
$5 says he does
I'd bet you $100 he would not vote on this bill. It's no good & he knows it. That's why he's saying so before the house vote.
I will gladly take this bet Lisa
Same here. Graham will cave
haha....fine. If this bill passes and LG votes in favor as it is today, dm me.
follow me & i will follow you back so you can. my word is my bond 
Thanks LG!
Your $ may be better spent donating to a future opponent. @studiocafebleu I think he'll cave. Hope not. But I don't hold much hope for @GOP
I think he'll work in a bipartisan fashion to fix what's broken in states that are losing insurers like SC. I believe. House, they can burn.
And Americans think the CBO scores are useless because we've been watching them be wrong. Stop treating them as a holy grail.
Don't blindly believe your Hannity talking points. The CBO was a lot closer to accuracy than being incorrect. https://www.reddit.com/r/NeutralPolitics/comments/5yftgi/is_the_congressional_budget_office_accurate/?st=J2AMDBN2&sh=c6794c35 …
My what? 

I talk about what I see and experience myself, not someone's talking points. Take your own advice then take a hike.
Speak out @LindseyGrahamSC . We're in a major crisis
"No we're not! We're Making America Great Again (for the obscenely rich)" - Trumspters who are hoping trickle down economics isn't a fantasy
Look at all of the women in this picture. 

And they all look miserable..
like trump
I said on November 9th, all women who voted for trump should kill themselves I gues they don't have to the gop will do it for them
It is confusing. Judging by the oooks on their faces, they're conflicted...

Or really mean. 
Party before country. You ought to GO
But when it reaches the Senate, you'll vote for it anyway, won't you Senator?  Party before country always!
Can't risk a mean tweet from Trump!
Oh, goodness, gracious no!  Mustn't anger the Orange Twatwaffle!
Uve made my day with "twatwaffle" I'm not sure I've laughed that hard at anything for a very long time! &  graham will vote yes on the bill
The best thing I've seen all day "twatwaffle" 
Me too, not even sure how she made that up but glad I saw it 
Wait... There are people who *don't* say twatwaffle once a week when talking about Congress?! 
Scottish swear words are the best! 
@bradforte1 @liberalgoddess @MsDuhMeanor That means that you shouldn't vote on it until you have the full CBO score, right?
@LindseyGrahamSC thought you'd walk away from bill if bribing/vote buying was taking place?
Your bill is crippling to families. The small tax breaks avg tax payers would receive wouldn't come close to increased costs of your plan
Do the right thing for the people that put you in office before corporations were allowed to buy your soul. Withdraw this bill
Graham's May tweet
Explain to me why the bipartisan effort by Alexander/Murray has been replaced by this new partisan bill? Americans want you to work w Dems!
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC how about taking your own advice or is hypocrisy just the GOP way? 
.@realeftypickit .@BillCassidy
"So to be clear if this Graman-Cassidy health care bill is passed, everyone will still receive health care?"
.@realeftypickit

July bad, September good.
hey!  You managed to top it!  Bravo!
Thx for the warning about GC bill. Yes your bill should be viewed with caution for noted reasons. Vote NO @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
If you think it's so good make it for EVERYONE including CONGRESS. No exceptions/bribery to get votes.
congress is exempt from obamacare, GOP tried to make it not so, but democrats didn't want to be stuck with obamacare
But your rules all change when it is YOUR bill, right, Senator Graham??
Remember this?
By the way, Lindsey...you were saying? #GrahamCassidyBill
Yup! So, where is the score, the debates and the hearings on your bill?
Why not just get rid of CBO?  If House isn't even going to wait for its report, why waste the money?
Where can I go to read the bill?
https://www.cassidy.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/LYN17709.pdf …
#GrahamCassidy?
And yet - you will support it. Totally shameful.
Single payer you #whinylittlebitch
How do you look at yourself in the mirror?  You put your NAME on this garbage that will kick 33M+ off of insurance. Shame on you, Senator.
Remember this Senator? You, sir, are a liar.
 hmm...now that was one hell of a conversion senator!!  Only way thats humanly possible is if bribe  from your puppet-masters is involved
Do you remember this text? Now you think 2 two is enough time to justify passing the buck? #ShameOnYou #FixACA   #TrumpCareKills #MAGA
I was fooled that you were honest and patriotic. I guess you were only riding McCain’s coattail. I used to like you but you are disgusting like that animal in the White House
#hypocrite
Hey Lindsey, wise words! So quickly forgotten. Please stop trying to kill us with your sloppy bill with no CBO score or debate.
So you won't vote yes? Correct? This cautionary tweet does not remove absolve you from complicity if it passes you know.
And no CBO score?! Reprehensible
He's a Senator so he won't be voting today. Today is only the House vote. That said, if it passes the House, remember this tweet.
Correct. My tweet was for his future "consideration." He's a master at playing both sides against the middle.
You're spot on. And then still votes with the GOP no matter how irresponsible (at least lately).
I'm not a GOP fan but I like @LindseyGrahamSC . If there's one senator who I believe will NOT put party over country is Lindsey Graham
I used to think so too, but his track record with the Trump Admin says otherwise.
Told ya'll to remember this tweet
Yeah you should stand up for the American People and vote against it.  Grow a backbone!
We know he has no balls.
Y'all, the bill is currently in the House. SENATOR Graham won't have an opportunity to vote until the bill is in the SENATE. Slow your rolls
I am aware. I can read. That doesn't mean SENATOR @LindsayGrahamSC can't denounce a shitty bill that hurts constituents.
WTF - Lindsey Graham... the voice of reason? Somebody slap me.
I hope your intention is to fix the #ACA and vote No on #TrumpCare for ALL AMERICANS INTEREST
Ffffffuck you
I assume you don't mean me?
No...@LindseyGrahamSC
White man speaks with forked tongue!
He's going to vote yes
Why do Democrats trust this man?
Then vote nay.
A spot in Hell just opened up. Hey maybe you and Bin Laden can be roommates? Think of that one. #PoeticJustice
yet this doesn't seem to apply to the horrid bill you're now jamming through the senate, that is worse than the last version
Not aging well
This one aged well.
So why now the RUSH.  THESE ARE YOUR WORDS. TRYING TO PLEASE @POTUS?? Who deliberately undermined what WE WANT!!  FIX ACA.
Unless it's your own shitty bill -- then shove it through to meet your "deadline", correct?
You're repealing because fuck Obama. That's it. Doesn't matter that ppl are hurt. You're fooling no one.
Liar!
Your goddamned right Senator - now please tell the September 2017 version of yourself this same information
Vote No!!!!!
@lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @TomCottonAR @SpeakerRyan
With caution?  That's an understatement.
#MidTermElection2018
@HouseGOP No CBO score, no amendments allowed, debate limited to 3hrs??!!! What was your complaint of ACA process? Hypocrites!
Your health care bill could devastate a family dealing with glioblastoma, if they don't have taxpayer-funded healthcare like you and mcCain.
Then don't vote for it . You and McCain need to put up or shut up!
Democrat and moderate Republican Senators should present Medicare / Medicaid for ALL bill. Make Bernie & Donald & Americans happy.
You should be ashamed of yourself. I thought you were one of my he good guys. Looks like I was wrong
"Unless it has mah name on it, I do declare."
All we now have is a chassis to build on! 
This should be rejected out of hand as immoral. Put women on the Senate committee. We need responsive legislation, not death bills.
Do u remember this tweet? U R A HYPOCRITE & LACK HUMAN DECENCY! Ur bill is cruel. R u a Christian? If so, this is NOT WHAT JESUS WOULD DO!
Work for the pension & benefits that we the people pay for!
Politics: Disease, sickness, and old age touch every family. Tragedy doesn't ask who you voted for. Health care is a basic human right.
.@RepPoliquin Maine people are sad about vote 2 support Republican Trumpcare why did you do this?You have government paid health coverage
Vote no, Sir
Nice words. Would like to believe there is something behind them beyond reluctant acquiescence.
Another cold, heartless bitch!!!!
Then vote no, Mr Graham.
Caution?  Wtf.  DOA in senate  if not hope you need it to survive and don't
Make sure u have the courage to vote against it when u get your chance. Don't cave under tRump pressure like your house colleagues did
Then kill it in the senate, DO NOT LET IT PASS!!!!
Ah back in the days we thought you might be growing a spine. How quickly these whimsical moments fade away...

#1rTrump #MuellerIsComing
Hey you have been anti everything we voters voted on I'm from sc and dnt know why anyone voted for you go away you are the problem
.@LindseyGrahamSC you probably don't know how to turn on your computer, let alone tweet, but #Healthcare is important enough to remind you..
Yes it should. But based on your history you will vote for it anyway.  Shame on you.
Universal health care - Medicare for everyone
Should be put where it belongs: The next trash can. Start over.
3 whole hours? What's your bill getting? 90 seconds? Public hearings? Witnesses? Oh that's right, 2 witnesses; you and that blowhard Cassidy
Your party controlling Congress just passed a piece of shit health insurance bill.  Thank you Republicans.
Successful for 10yrs( Romney then Gov.) Massachusetts style Healthcare must be presented/explained to America by the media,is Best for now
Listen to yourself, Senator!
Wow. Who paid you off for this go around?
You will vote with Party even if it kills us.
You know exactly what's in the bill & you're correct that it should be viewed with caution, only thing is it's too late to even view it.
Tell this to @RepTomGraves and then shred this garbage when it comes to the Senate
Actually it should be viewed with disgust.
Fact. Then AND today. How dare you?
If only you meant this when you said it.  @SenJohnMcCain
Same sort of process bush used to shove the shitty Patriot act thru.
Dear SenGraham .@SpeakerRyan inflated bravado on steroids is a horrible injustice perpetrated on the American people #saveACA
unlikely hero to us Dems but happy you are fighting for us all!
You already have a CBO score which shows 24 million will lose insurance. Need to know how many more will lose before you vote yes?
Thank you Lindsey Graham!  #BlueVoterInARedState.  I loved your questions to McComey.
You and McCain always talk big until it comes time to vote.  And then you cave.  Time will tell.
Heed your own words!!!
Oh you'll cave, that's your M.O.
Under bill, service-connected disabilities can be labeled pre-existing conditions; no tax credits to vets, so it's VA or high-risk pools.
I have given you praise when you've earned it, Senator. The standard you proposed on May 4 is being directly violated BY YOU right now.
Isn't this YOUR bill? Or is there another one slithering around, too? You know what? Make it simple/easy: give us what YOU have for HC.
"...viewed with caution"??? Are you kidding me? It's insane & should be shredded without a vote.

Of course this applies to #CassidyGraham bill as well, right @LindseyGrahamSC ? Right? #crickets
A bill -- finalized yesterday, has not been scored, amendments not allowed, and 3 hours final debate -- should be viewed with caution.
i am so worried.  this is just awful.
What's different now Lindsay??

other than your name being on this POS...
.Why are you so desperate to let millions of Americans die? Where in the Bible does Jesus say 'screw the sick and poor'? #ACA
Please vote against it!
@LindseyGrahamSC ahem...
Senator Graham, save yourself from damnation before it's too late! Stop lying about your phony health care bill!!
Please help us!! Please!
So, are you a Yes vote or No vote ?
@tylercowen is Lindsey graham going to start is own party?
In case you want to know - I really do not trust you.
I am not "mildly noxious" Senator. I am extremely noxious over this deplorable bill! 2018 is never too soon!!!
Yes Senator it should thanks for the heads up
Then please block in the Senate! Think about what this will do to your constituents. Does the GOP not give a crap about the people anymore?
Your bill hasn't been scored either? Low debate. By your own logic, shouldn't that be viewed with caution too? #GrahamCassidyِ
Is a march planned for this bill?   When? where? Think of the Marches that were in response to the last assault on healthcare.  Do it again!
Why not work with Democrats to come up health care for all Americans at a reasonable price?  Not a tax cut for the rich.
Stop acting like your not one of them!
You're a fucken hypocrite
Or urgency.
Ya think?
Not much has chged except you putting your name on it.  It's a genocide Plan. You should be ashamed of yourself. Will you be covered by it?
Does GOP not have a conscience? Do you, Senator?
Karma, Senator, can be a brutal thing if not handled carefully.
Good of you to talk some sense into your GOP House counterparts... #Sarcasm ...
Senator Graham please be remembered as a heroic " team of rivals" senator. Republicans now have no resemblance of greatness
GOP-This is yours now. You own it.
Americans are counting on reasonable Republicans like yourself to put country before party...so far there is no evidence that will happen
Well stated. Looking for yours & other members to be a more deliberative body w/better understanding of privilege to serve US citizens
So what's wrong with your other congressman that they would blindly vote on it?
An understatement, but glad to see it come from you. I suspect Senate R's don't cotton to political suicide #justsayin
So Vote against it.  Show us you're not full of hot air.
Prepare for a few weekends of Graham/McCain interviews about their concerns . . .

Followed by a "reluctant" yes vote.
You sir are an embarrassment to position you were elected to.
Your party, your president. You must be so proud.
I often disagree with your positions, but appreciate you speaking some common sense here.
You and your buddy @SenJohnMcCain sure do love sounding statesman-like on twitter, until it's time to vote for America and you choose party.
open your big mouth and tell people to vote NO!  This is a fraud, a rip off of the people!!  No Deathcare!!  Do something!
I hope the senate goes through an honest due diligence process! We are watching!
- A voice of reason on a complicated subject. Thank you!
I just liked a Lindsey Graham tweet...my have the times changed!
Retire now. And..... take the rest of the other old farts with you. You all were raised in slave days and still wish it existed. Leave NOW
Caution?! The @GOP is branding themselves the party of death. They will kill millions to make the rich richer.
Almost prophetic, your words.  Shame on you.
Oh Gosh, had you forgotten this thought process, or just decided to use in your favor? My goodness you're pathetic. How much have they paid?
Are the Koch Cartel threatening your Senate run in 2020 or are some billionaires offering to buy you the 2020 US Presidency?
...not to mention, it will kill some folks, amirite?
This is a reckless action the House should be ashamed. Everybody looked for cover instead of analysis. The affirmative votes will cost.
What happens when this bill does nothing the GOP claims it will do and people are paying the same or more and being denied coverage...
and millions more lose coverage outright? Do you really think ins. co.'s will "do the right thing" when  they're legally able to screw us?
They won't and neither will the States when faced with appropriating $ towards insuring people or lining the pockets of their wealthy donors
you're a bad person, Senator Graham
@Lawrence 

And yet...
Well this tweet held up well. NOT!
#CassidyGrahamBill is CRUEL and disingenuous. Utter disgrace. Shame on you, sir! 
Graham, "Unless it's my  bill".
Well it's just passed the House senator
Shocking coming from him...
ALL of these groups told them not to adopt this POS bill; they don't care. Do you? 
#ACHA #ACA
Then don't vote for it. Don't break a filibuster either.
Hey, what happened to this guy?
You talk a big game but in the end you will cave
your previous history of working across the aisle will not save you from disastrous fate - karma - because of your present vile behavior.
Caution, you say?

If this were a democratic bill, what words would you use?

Have some principles.
Don't be an ass about this one, Graham. You need to put your constituents needs above your party loyalties or the Presidential Cheeto.
Extreme Caution Senator.  Do not let this pass Sir.
Well this tweet hasn't aged well.  Shameful!
three hours ? What's the hurry ? Millions of Americans will loose coverage. You owe them at least a fair debate
Vote NO on latest "HC" bill.
#voteGOPout
A panel of 13 men is unacceptable.  YOU are playing identity politics by pandering to your conservative base.   You need at least 5 women.
Your name is on the bill. You talk out of one side of your mouth and then vote from the other.
Ever heard of the Titanic? Look into it.
He will vote for whatever they tell him to vote for. He is bought and paid for like the rest of that sorry bunch up in Washington!!!
No Congress can bind another.  You guys pass all kinds of crap everyday but the only ones improved are Congress and friends of Congress
HUM BUT IT OK NOW HUM... HYPOCRITE I CANT BELIVE THIS MAN.
This is your bill do what r u talking about?
SO DON'T VOTE FOR IT!
Says partisan senator that is playing games with #RussiaGate investigation. #KremlinGate #TrumpPutin
