The only group restricting ability and progress is the Republican party. You've cut a deal with a demon. Good luck.
Oh right, better the demon than HRC who runs the swamp.
Hey Rosalynda, you don't seem to realize the swamp is flowing straight into GOP pockets...
And don't just give me dems TP. So boring. Like sheep.
Senator, as a Charlestonian,  I continue to believe that you have the best interest in mind for the country and SC.
I'm sincere in my request- what r the last 5 actions @LindseyGrahamSC has taken that support ur belief in his principles? I can't think of 1
@newtgingrich Newt Gingrich asked for investigation into Seth Rich's assassination in DC after sending thousands of DNC emails to Wikileaks.
Lindsey go away you Never Trumper also if it was up to you Hillary would have won and Justice Gorsich wouldn't be on the Supreme Court
Triple Crown win, place, show: Kushner, Giuliani, Manifort. They're all your horses, Lindsey.
In your dreams, Sen Graham. The truth is going to come out whether you obstruct it or not!
Did you know Americans were spied on? Did you know about illegal searches?
Seems like the "leaks" / accusations keep going after this special counsel ... why is that???
After Goudy's abuse of power and waste of taxpayer monies, who would trust your committee to conduct impartial hearing? Mueller best for job
We don't need to hear anymore from this congress. Reps like u are hacks trying to pass as conservatives. Join the democrats where u belong.
I hope it restricts the deep state like u from just spouting ur hate to get your 5 min of fame. Just be quiet and go to work.
I hope you let this move forward. But not much trust. Be a patriot not a trump protector.
And this...?
White House looking at ethics rule to weaken special investigation, sources say: http://reut.rs/2r1vziZ  
I think you are pleased to 'duck out', gives you more cover to enable the mobster in the WH.
The investigation is the only action you have tried to move forward on! What about Trump's policies and his desires to move the USA forward?
You were one Senator that I really believed stood for America and not party.  I'm so sorry you have proved me wrong.
I don't think he's ever stood for the people...
How much is that to cost South Carolina ? Who meddled with South Carolinian voting ?
Wow that's funny! I'm sure u and Paul Ryan would really do some deep investigating. It's weird how we just don't trust u
I call for all current elected people in DC to be repealed and replaced!
Looks like trump and co. Are trying to restrict his investigation so no worries
Nobody but YOU is "wondering" this. You got control taken from you. You can't protect your boy. You're ticked. We get it.
@indivisible_sc, u nailed it. Some had hoped that @LindseyGrahamSC would plant himself on the side of right. He continues to disappoint.
#Democrat Senator Bob #Menendez of #NewJersey #NJ to face trial on bribery and corruption charges on Sept 6th.
Why is he still in the Senate?
Because he's a DEMOCRAT! Had he been a REPUBLICAN he would have been thrown out with the indictment! HYPOCRISY!
I think it's time to start thinking about Jim DeMint running against you in the next election!
Stop the politics and support the president coward!
Again, shame on you. You should be disgusted with what "President" Trump has done to this country.  Stop protecting him and protect us.
Why not give #robertmueller the RESPECT to conduct his non political investigation w/out the circus of congressional political posturing ?
Whether or not your a hemphodite has nothing to do with out dislike of you lindsey.
Imagine if you had this enthusiasm with Barack Obama. #failure
The fact the people of the USA have to live through such complete and utter governmental chaos is pathetic!
Shame on all you Republicans..We voted our president in .U don't stand by him.We don't stand by you in the next election.
If congress hadn't restricted it's own ability to investigate for weeks by refusing to ask hard questions there would be no SpC. No sympathy
Another leak from WH, what evidence do you need to impeach him?
What do they have on you?  What scared you enough to back off Trump?  Will you be going down with the ship?
Bwahahaha! Hillary lost to Trump. Still hilarious.
Smowflakes,colluding with Russia to win an election is NOT against ANY law, even if he had done it.Liberals are a cancer to our country.
please understand most people don't trust Congress' ability or intent. You can best serve by supporting the Special Council.
Oh for heaven's sake!! Do something for our country and let the grown up handle the criminals in the WH
Bwahahaha! Hillary lost to Trump. Delicious.
Are we missing a tweet here, or is this a troll?
Americans wonder where the jobs bill is. Where is the infrastructure bill? The most useless group of partisan twonks ever. November 2018
-A lot of Voters hope so,Sick of u No Ba??s Republican seeking cameras to down our President,Wake up Am.
Perhaps what most restricts Congress are its GOP Congressmen, who have sold out to a @POTUS who is a traitor and criminal.
How about it, Senator?  The best thing you can do for your party is toconvince your colleagues to abandon the Potus.  The $ is not worth it.
Where was the Special Consel with Obama and Clintons America is watching the Never Trumpers
Except ur people r trying to obstruct and distract at every turn. I doubt that Muller will ask questions about Hillarys emails.
That's up to you but regardless we need independent hand because your pal Sessions is a disgrace.
Your Repub. colleagues won't get to talk about Hillary's emails in your "Russia probe" anymore?? That what u mean? Not stupid like yr voters
Oh shut up Lindsey you've been all over the map AND you're a REPUBLICAN yall have zero morals integrity conscience
We weren't wondering, Linda. Thanks for the civics lesson. #InsultingTraitor
It's sad ur leadership can't step up.  Counting on u and McCain now
Congressional Whitewater investigation continued w/special prosecutor. Difference? The word "Clinton?"
You, Sir, are a complicit hypocrite.
Except-- The Congressional majority are  people who put Republican party over country. I would rather have special counsel.
Special Counsel is doing what you should have been doing but aren't. Let them be.
You suck. #boughtandpaidfor #treason #MSNBC #CNN #CSPAN #DNC #RNC
Sure.  But he might actually ask questions that get at the truth, instead of just parading around.  So, I'll take it.
You know if this idiot is going along with it there has got to be a problem.

- call for review of all DNC equipment servers emails phones computers to see howRussian Hackers Broke Into info !
If there is any away possible - they will continue to gold brick. They will use it to stall.  The do nothing congress.
Initially, I hoped so. But his protests were just noise. He's supported Trump every step of the way.
Independent commission to #ProtectOurDemocracy , independent of #TrumpRussia
Got it.  Good.  Let Mueller do what Congress can't.  Worry about Russian interference with election; how to stop it; and sanctioning Russia.
(GOP) Congress has no sincere interest in getting at the truth and will stonewall and obstruct as much as possible. So, what's to restrict?
Yes it will - but at least Dems won't get 2 push narratives by asking ?'s they know cannot be answered in PUBLIC hearing
The prob is we don't trust you to do an honest, timely job of it.
WHY do you protect the only president who is guilty of treason?
You really have to ask how did a lying doofus beat some honest men in the Republican primary. Russia.
trump pence and ryan are going to jail, congress should investigate that
Now that there is SP ---can U guys get to work 4 us. Over 40mil $ to find out Slick Willy's definition of "is" was subjective.  Our tax $.
What's the hold up?  Go.
So happy about special counsel.. Very bi partisan..hey how about trump trying to hire his lawyer for FBI..sounds legit..NOT
This is you trying to avoid holding POTUs accountable.
There is NO evidence. Your conducting investigations from biased fake media sources. Laughable.

Trying to cover up for tRump AGAIN? The people will remember this!
Restricting the ability of a complicit, feckless and compromised Republican Congress is a GOOD THING.
Don't make excuses for not doing your job - the Watergate commission and Cox's Special Prosecutor investigation went side by side just fine.
Total weasel
Good Friday, Sen. Lindsey GRAHAM of South Catolina
The only thing restricting Congress from moving forward in its investigation is your party
Aw, you real mad the GOP doesn't get to control it, aren't you?
I want 2 hear more positive comments for Trump. Disappointed in ur comments on Russian Investigation.
It shouldn't. You guys are the prime movers in our system. Article I details your jobs, you can do it without worry about Special Counsel.
Waiting for part 2 of your tweet...... Because I do wonder .
Don't bother with part two, we know that you never had any intention of getting to the truth regardless. All talk, all the time.
Don't really care since Congress wasn't doing anything anyway.
"...Please do not listen to me. I have sold my soul."
talk to me about Ertogan ordering his bodyguards to batter Americans on US soil bro
Go on... 
Like you care anyway
