Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis & white supremacists......
Mr. Graham, what part of YOU ONLY GOT 1% IN THE PRIMARIES are you not grasping? We voted for @realDonaldTrump NOT Lindsey Graham
They agree with him and the media....and the CEO's and all the heads of the military branches
Who is "They"?
All of the other republican senators and congressman who came out publicly against Trump's words, just like the CEO's, and the military
I have eyes & ears. I heard all 3 of the President's statements addressing this, and in EVERY one he denounced in the strongest terms
I have eyes and ears too, and I disagree with you, so does all those GOP leaders, and the CEO's and the heads of our military
If you have eyes & ears that are HONEST, you should admit that our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump repeatedly denounced racism, hate & bigotry
What he did is say that if people get mad and want to fight neo nazis and klansman, they are just as bad as the neo nazis and klansman
Mr. Graham you're words are contrary to your action of misquoting our President at a most tenuous time for America. Focus on MAGA.
The Senator didn't misquote The Racist inbChief who gave green light to Nazis to destroy us. Trump must go.
More stupidity
Just fact checked @TheTobster111's tweet. Every word is accurate. Confirmed by @realDonaldTrump. Wren't you watching?
No Fox likely didn't show it
What?I watched from beginning to end. MSM is creating fake news again! Graham indeed lied.Fear of being called racist, I assume.Shameful!
I watched it too He equated counter-protesters to Nazi's Your comprehension skills are not very sharp
we ain't falling for your lies. Drain the SWAMP is about  you
liar 
Ask youself why Trump STILL hasn't created any jobs for the Rust Belt that voted for him

If Jesus is your lord and savior then why don't you act like Jesus instead of manipulating his teachings?
 ?!?
Can you explain why you refuse to call out Trump for ANYTHING?
And by 2020 Trump's vacations will have cost taxpayers a billion dollars.
Mr. Graham I do not often agree with your statements BUT you are correct on this. Keep up the pressure on Trump. America needs you.
There's nothing "well done" about anything tRump does. #liar #traitor #racist #bigot #moron #amoral #idiotic #stupid #coward #loser #ass
Get 'em, Lindsay!
You Rock.
You could do that by calling for impeachment of @realDonaldTrump
Thanks for standing up to Trump. More should be doing it and it speaks volumes about their character. Sad. Bigly sad.
Trump lashes out at everyone near him the second they say anything he disagrees with.

Don't carry water for him. He never would for you.
Trump wouldn't just not carry water for someone. He wouldn't give a sip of water from his canteen to a dying person in the desert.
A textbook malignant narcissist, and I'm trying to figure out how long it'll take @GOP to realize he's loyal to no one but himself.
Lindsey Graham you had the effects of a rattlesnake you and John McCain can kiss those warm seats goodbye. You think you own them but no no
Give you credit for taking a stand against Trump when he's wrong
Thank you for directing this beautiful statement directly to the president.

Not all of us deserve it, bonehead.

Get you one Lindsey Graham. At least we would know who owns you and we're in the money is coming from other than us taxpayers
"It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends." -JK Rowling Stay strong,Senator.
@realDonaldTrump and his supporters are not Nazi's or racist.U have some http://nerve.How  u keep getting reelected is a true mystery.
President Trump is going to #MAGA with or without you.
So get on board or step aside and let our @POTUS do his job.
These "groups" were BOTH created by Occupy Wallstreet (An Obama Group) and paid for by Obama/Soro's. This manufactured Race War is #FakeNews
IMPEACH HIM!!!
POTUS is way out of control. He's vindictive, selfish & a boar. Many have fought & died for a couple of fools to destroy the fabric of USA!
@GOP @housegop @senategop BASTARDS (the Father knowns none of you as none of you know Him!) ran for DECADES on White Pride Identity Politics
I am white, educated, non racist female from SC! I SUPPORT President Trump! There is no room for ANY HATE groups in AMERICA!
Let's work together to defeat him! 
Keep up the good work Senator Graham...
Lindsey is a pathetic money seeking bottom feeder liar and traitor to his supporters.
Support #CENSURE
Hear, hear!
Shame on @realDonaldTrump for belittling someone trying to stand up for what is good.
Trump isnt going to change. He is a fraud liar and a cheat! He cheated with Russia to win and everyone knows it. Trump knows it HE IS RACIST
Both sides are garbage.
Linsey Graham is CORRECT.
Thank you for standing up to this bully and all-round horrible person.
Then get together and impeach this abortion of a president.  He is emotionally, ethically, morally and intellectually unfit.
Do something words have become increasingly cheap- #25for45 please- this great country is crumbling at the feet of apathy
http://25for45.net 
@BeebleZapp See, I told you we don't like him!  Good morning zippy zap! 
Impeach this Nazi sympathizer before he can do any more damage to this country.
MR Grahamnesty, if you started with the facts instead of emotional gibberish, we could move towards the light a lot faster

#thatshiphasSailed
You have the power to do something about him. Be a soldier and live up to your pledge to protect this country.

You have a sick mind, Lindsey. Helping godless professional liars in the lib media and dems bring their country down is disgusting.
No one will vote you back in and I am glad of that!
#countryoverparty
Senator Graham I don't agree with you on most issues but thanks for speaking up against the Presidents nonsense
antifa are black supremacists and want all whites to die (according to their signs and graffiti) how is that different from kkk and WS?
I never thought I would agree with Lindsey Graham but I do.
You're full of cow manure
Statement from Trump accusing someone else of being a publicity seeker is quite laughable! Stop tweeting and DO YOUR JOB.
@JosephPinion my question:  What would drive someone to join forces with the KKK?  If you are not of like mind:  Insanity
@realDonaldTrump has already had too many chances to make this right but continues to make it worse. No "takesies backsies" will fix this.
Mr Graham is wrong sir
AMERICANS CITIZENS PROBLEM IS GOVERNMENT PEOPLE LIKE LINDSEY GRAHAM, PELOSI,WARNER, WASSERMAN, HOLDER, OSAMA, KILLARY, WATERS, MCKEIN, RYAN.
If you think you're making a speech for a presidential run you can go jump in the lake right now. It's not going to happen! #Traitor
Lol I love your `go jump in the lake ' comment. My father in law, may he RIP would always say that.  Aww now I want to cry. 
Aww! I'm sorry! May he RIP 
Action speaks louder than words @LindseyGrahamSC Make a motion to impeach him before he turns the country into an Authoritarian state!
Please use the hashtag #impeachtrump. We've got to keep it trending #1, with this twitter clown. He listens to twitter.
Bingo. If he thinks it likely he will be impeached, he will declare victory & resign. You know he will. #ImpeachTrump
That's exactly what's going to happen. He has to feel he has a win... no matter what.
The President was right about you!  You need to retire!
You are an embarrassment! When have you ever spoke out about Antifa and their terrorizing of people??? My family fights for free speech!
Yep, embarrassing indeed! These politicians are all Soros puppets-acting to destroy this great nation. That is something to be real proud of
Trump is destroying the nation... He is hated world wide....
You will need to get rid of Donald Trump
The good Senator needs to realize he's playing right into the hands of the Democrat machine whenever he starts a fight with #MAGA.
There are no Democrats or GOP now. There are only PATRIOTS and KKK/Nazis. Which are you?  Time to take sides
Democrats founded the KKK
Hillary called me/us Super Predators&her mentor is KKK Robert Byrd
Dont be so ignorant & ridiculously stupid!
You are very ignorant of history. Today KKK etc are GOP. Byrd regretted his bigotry. Your leader regrets nothing.
WHY IN THE HELL DO YOU SUSTEIN AN ARGUMENT, YOU ACT LIKE YOUR LITTLE FEELINGS ARE HURT, BE A MAN GROW SOME BALLS, STOP THE FIGHT.
I AGREE...MOVE EVERYBODY INTO THE LIGHT & LET THEM BE FREE!
Then why don't you Republicans stand up to this monster? He's ruining our country. Is your agenda that much more important at this point?
Ruining America IS their agenda.
@LindseyGrahamSC is a very thoughtful experienced man, who was defending @realDonaldTrump on my show last week: http://www.hughhewitt.com/senator-lindsey-graham-crisis-korean-peninsula/ … 1.
Hopefully the two of them can get together this week and move the agenda forward, especially on repeal of #BCA
the only agenda that should be on anyone's mind is impeaching Trump.

#ImpeachTrump
Stop talking hot air and grow a pair and do something.
*signs off on Trump agenda to destroy all light bulbs*
Senator Graham, please do more and impeach that white supremacist apologist before he destroys the GOP forever.

Not sure who provoked first. Both sides were hitting each other at Justice Park before police arrived. #Charlottesville 
#MAGA 
You tell him, he might even hear You!
So do we you dolt, so put down the can of black paint and stop lying about what he said you hack.
You did say that.  Helllloooo
Who will be the 1st to Primary this warmongering Closet Queen from SC? 
Like McCain he needs to abdicate his self made Throne #MAGA
Please #25amendmentnow #UnfitToServe #dangerous #bully #unstable . This is a nightmare daily with him in power. #Enough
You sir shud switch sides. U r not a Republican. He spoke out against these groups, but ur a RIno, a fake. Your own constituents dnt like u.
Impeach. Do your duty. Take out this treasonous administration out of power.
For @realDonaldTrump of all people to label someone "publicity seeking"...
Now - you can say those that fight violently against hate groups are heros.  So we can just bypass laws now ...
Senator, you have attacked the President in your hate for him.  Americans have watched how you have treated him, you and McCain.  Enough
Antifa wants to eliminate free speech. You support that.  Good to know.
Just come out of the closet Lindsey and tell the world you're a Democrat
Why don't u stop bad rumors ate u a child get with the reality of life let's shut up and go to work
Mr. Graham, I disagree with you politically but I appreciate your leadership.  We as Americans can disagree without being disagreeable.
You have absolutely no leg to stand on. At all. You are as political neutered as @RoyCooperNC
Then instead of talking out of both sides of your mouth, why don't you try to make the country a better place & call for Trump's impeachment
Lindsey, you're a huge 
Give him hell Lindsey! @realDonaldTrump has some nerve attacking you! Bullies must be stood up to.
No you're moving it left like your buddy McCain.
"Seek to move our nation"

That's rich. All you seek is the same old screwing of the American people for your own personal gain. #LIAR #FAKE
You forgot this hashtag:

#RINO
So fucking impeach his ass already. Get it started.
i will never understand why y'all republicans terrified of trump.. unless he and his russian bud have something on you

Please spare us your words, and provide us some action. #ImpeachTrump
Likely, I won't agree with you on much politically, but I'm glad you're being critical of Trump in this instance. It's the right thing to do
Then #DoSomethingGOP
Your party is responsible for Trump. He's out of control & tearing our country apart. #dosomething #ImpeachTrump
Sen Graham, it's ALWAYS somebody else's fault with Donald Trump, isn't it? Thank you for being outspoken on this issue.
By calling him Mr. You are affording him respect he has not earned. He has also denegrated the office to the point, the respect is gone.
Takin it to the tweets 
Why can't we all work together to make america what it should be, instead of what it used to be? 
He stated the truth when he said that-everyone heard what u said "Mr. President" & everyone knew what u meant.
Mr Graham you have something that I'm going to respect and that's courage, i most disagree with some of your ideas but sir u r a  man
Move forward? U & Mitch haven't accomplished a phucking thing in a decade. Completely useless. If u Don't produce, u should be fired!!!!!!
Never going to happen as long as he's President. Haven't you been paying attention? This isn't people overreacting.
@realDonaldTrump -gotta love this..like housewives of D.C. twitter fight.  #nodignity #embarrassing
@POTUS is a racist himself, he can't fix it.  He has shown us who he really is #ItsTime #Hehastogo #Impeach45
You sir are NOT smarter than a 5th grader.  Please go back to English class and learn what words mean. I know it's hard for a liar but try.
I hope you will retire soon. Like it or not. He is our President.
If that's the case Senator Graham MOVE TO IMPEACH IMMEDIATELY You're talking to a five year old unstable man now. What does that make you?
How about you sign on to @RepJerryNadler #censuretrump to show that you are serious? Thanks for your words, but actions speak volumes.
Hey Graham, freedom of speech is a right given to ALL CITIZENS
Then Senator Graham, please for the love of God, do something about TRUMP!  Your actions will speak louder than your words.
Except you know for all your rhetoric you'll knuckle under and put Party before Country at the next vote for literally anything.
Good Thursday Afternoon Mr Lindsay Graham I Would Like To Thankyou For Saying That.Word May GOD KEEP ON BLESSING YOU With. Love H J Madison
Empty words. Take action to remove Trump from office or remain complicit in his support of Nazi white supremacists. At least censure him.
Go Lindsey!!!
you r pathetic. voters see through your lies. u will distort facts and throw conservatives under the bus to score cheap points w/ the media.
disagree with. They can silence ANY speech by a label of white sup. This is slippery slope to censorship by just applying a hate label.
Charles your looking foolish..you should be careful who you support
Your support would help the nation. You KNOW @POTUS is no racist.  Stop allowing this false narrative and darkness to continue.
Your words mean absolutely nothing unless you act upon them. DJT must be impeached without delay.
Keep up the fight Lindsey. At what point are the fruits offered from diseased tree not worth the price of pandemic about to kill the forest?
Thank you 4 standing up & picking a side.  We must learn from history & not be silent.  We have fought two wars to eradicate racism & nazis.
This is a good start, next move impeachment of the guy squatting in the WH
How much money have you taken from George Soros or his companies?
Lindsey Graham as a South Carolinian, I am embarrassed by your work in Washington.  You are still mad about the election.  Move on please!
Why are you telling lies
Thank you!!
@realDonaldTrump just 'accused' @LindseyGrahamSC of being 'publicity seeking'. That's hilarious!!
An excellent statement. Bravo, Sir.
Thank you senator Graham, again.
Thank you for speaking out but action is needed immediately. This man is not fit to sit in the Oval Office #Impeach45
that is not a strong response. I know you are eloquent enough to do better
If you truly gave a abt your State & the nation you would #Resign immediately! YOU are a #Stain on the R Party!
You should resign because you have a bad case of eternal sour grapes. You are not helping our country. Go away.
Show some spine and stand up to him outside of Twitter.

@GOP is the party of Nazis & KKK.
MR GRAHAM IS CORRECT. SHOW SOME RESPECT FOR HIM ORANGE MAN.
Why have they been allowed to exist for 100's of years and now you want to blame the President for ignorant people. What are you doing to hp
Thanks for finding your moral compass. Need courageous leadership: Censure; Persuade VP &Cabinet to use #25thAm s.4, he's unfit for duties.
Thank you Mr. Graham. Thank you.  #ImpeachTrump #pencemustgo too because he backed trump on this issue.
@realDonaldTrump thanks for calling that POS out
Guy you are a grandstander! I hope #MAGA voted ur ass out in SC
Which party Lindsey Turncoat Graham? Time for you to shuffle off stage left, your useful days are over!
If true, restore the Voting Rights Act in full. Otherwise your words are meaningless. Country before party, sir 
Can you just get rid of this guy?
Actions would speak a lot louder than words. #Impeach
.@LindseyGrahamSC now is the time for action. Not furrowed brows and tweets. Get this #grifter #trump out before he does any more damage
@POTUS is right.
You're buying into the MSM hysteria, and you are weak, Graham.
Cannot expect this obstinate 71-year old to redeem himself and have an open mind.
You are a media hound looking for a camera. Shut up & go to bed!
He can't fix it because HE'S ONE OF THEM. Stop passively waiting around and DO SOMETHING YOURSELF. The GOP has no guts!!!
Please move away!
Mr Graham is a better man than the prez.
Mr. Graham you are a POS and hopefully the voters of SC vote you out come next election. Leave the Republican Party.
1 percent Lindsay Graham. Totally weak and got trounced. Rino like his buddy John Mccain. Losers.
#MyPresident #MAGA #TRUMP
Shut up and do something about it then
Your tweet is a bunch of nonsense. Is marching towards communism going forward into the light?  Don't think so!
That's contrary to what Mr. President wants.
Hmmm... if only you had the power to actually do something about it. Oh well.
Now you step up to do the moral right!!

Thank you Senator Graham!
Thank you. I agree.
Unless that darkness is in a hospital room without health insurance waiting for death.
Then it is time for you & members of your party to break with this white supremacist & move forward with IMPEACHMENT! #ImpeachTrumpNow
Openly displaying swastica in germany is against the law..why is it ok here to display sybol representing violance murder opression recism?
Where was all the outrage when Senators got shot? or the rage when BLM murdered 5 cops ? The Hypocrisy stinks to high heaven
As a S.C. citizen I can promise you this is your last term.
You've enabled all this time and now he stabs you in the back, what a shock. If you don't help put an end to this evil "man" Ur complicit
If you mean what you say, you will REMOVE this scourge from the people's White House post haste.
Please please make let's make our votes count! Show these corrupt republicans how shameful they were in enabling traitor trump! Gop gotta go
Senator the only way forward us to remove Trump/Pence from office.
#DoSomethingGOP #DoSomethingGOP #DoSomethingGOP #DoSomethingGOP #DoSomethingGOP #DoSomethingGOP #DoSomethingGOP #DoSomethingGOP


Denying the TRUTH Lindsay is embracing darkness.
If that is true please resign. all you career politicians are why we are in this mess.  You failed at your job miserably.
Thank you. For being one of the few R's calling him by name on his bull. He is RUINING your party. When will u all stand and say ENOUGH.
@realDonaldTrump  It seems that u dont understand what is moral equivalency. Senator Graham is correct in his assessment.
Then it will take ACTIONS from you and your @GOP congressmen to REMOVE this cancer from the WH
@xeni Wattage distribution
The only way to do that is to #ImpeachTrump and remove the #NazisInTheWhiteHouse
Your continued support of this destructive imbecile unfortunately says a lot about you and the GOP.Put ur big boy pants on and do something
Then why are you lying about what President Trump said?  You are moving us back to the darkness by lying.  That's despicable Mr. Graham.
