I see your greed.. .. so does God ...
#RejectDevos
get the sandbags ready for Charleston, Lindsey. You're gonna need them with Pruitt dismantling the EPA.
And don't come crying to me for help . I am tired of giving tax dollar handouts to Republicans .....
The EPA is not responsible for energy exploration.  Balance = enforcement of current environmental laws.  Nothing else. #NotScott
Nooooo,
you think wrong.  In fact you're probably lying about what you think.  Hack.
What good is money and power going to do your soul Mr. Graham ... hell is warm .. dress accordingly ...
No.
No, do NOT confirm Pruitt. Oil companies should not write environmental policy.
By the way, have you heard of #climatechange ?
Sorry, balance comes from ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION Agency being pro-environment. Entire business community's on other side.
NOPE he won't.  There are better people for the EPA. HE is not one of them
Pruitt's defense of fracking caused more earthquakes; from Trump's trusted news source Russia Today
I have no clue how our senator can ignore all of us in the #lowcountry who will be severely impacted by #sealevelrise and #climatechange
we don't need to "explore" for energy; we have it literally pouring down from the sky in the form of wind and solar
Pls help expedite the confirmation of all @POTUS nominations. Pls set personal feelings aside
SAY NO TO PRUITT. If you care about EPA or environment you will vote no to Pruitt. POOR CHOICE.
please look at the facts and do what is best for the country and the planet. Now is the time to put #countryoverparty
Please DO NOT support Scott Pruitt. Ask the people from Oklahoma how they like the big increase in earthquakes w/ fracking
Um the guy who's sued the EPA 19 times,has 6 pending suits now,& doesn't know that lead causes damage?and u want him 2 b confirmed?Immoral
I wish we could have someone for the environmental protection agency who believes in protecting the environment.
Climate change is not a hoax ...  fracking ruining water .. I guess you are just another fake Christian .. good to know ...
#wrong #wrong #wrong #nopruitt #neverpruitt
Very disappointed in you, Lindsey. Pruitt is a terrible pick and will do great harm.
Busine$$ fir$t, e$pecially big oil. The trees, animals, and fish don't have deep enough pockets. Earth be damned.
A balanced view? EPA has one job. Protect the environment. Be its voice. Other agencies fill the other roles. #NeverPruitt
Have you forgot @ the time Trump was berating you, giving your # out to the public? Why would you ever suck up to him?
not unless he meets Jesus sometime soon.
Extremely disappointed.  You would put him on both sides of current cases in which he is the plaintiff. He won't recuse.
How can u even consider this
please protect us Senator.  We are hurting...
Really?! Please don’t “cave in” to the insanity of Mr. #GRABTHEMBYTHEPUSSY
I used to think you were an independent thinker and discerning. No more. The way you treated the head of NACCP very rude.
#no
Blah!  Respect you on some things but Pruitt is a step too far.  Will be the Everyone Pollutes Agency.
Respectfully, Senator, Conservation is Conservative. Pruitt is not appropriate. Please reconsider. Thank you as always.
What evidence in Pruitt's history has shown he will be good for the environment?
so by 'good for our environment" you mean good for the current backdrop that is the oil based oligarchy, right?
N0 N0 N0
Sad!!!!
The guy that doesn't believe in protecting the environment will be good for the environmental protection agency? Try again.
You're not supposed to drink the fracking water.
I like drinking clean water, Lindsey. So, I'm gonna have to disagree
Party over country, right, comrades?
Pruitt has LOST an overwhelming majority of his lawsuits (and wasted taxpayer money doing it).

http://m.tulsaworld.com/news/courts/pr …
Well, there goes the old planet!
We're disappointed in you
You can't be good for both the environment and fossil fuels any more than you can be good for both  health and cigarettes.
Senator, unfortunately, you are so wrong.  #respecttheplanet #respectthelaw
who will you NOT confirm??  Inquiring Americans want to know.  Will you stay along party lines or will you be a patriot?
He will do irreparable harm to our planet. This is a travesty.
Pruitt sued the EPA 19 times. Some of those lawsuits are still active. He will be the Plaintiff and the Defendant. LOL WTF
Name one thing that Pruitt has done to help the environment
finally, support Tillerson also please!!!
From a con.: You & Carlson last nght embarrassg.  Need to know how u curdle a good thing. Be quiet for a month or so, plse
Usually with you on most issues but I couldn't disagree more on this one. Perhaps you're just being a team player, huh?
I am grappling with this one....I need more details.
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/14/us/scott-pruitt-trump-epa-pick.html …
One step forward on Russian hacking, ten backward on common decency and ethical stewardship of the environment.
Get ready for more Flint, MI.  But you'll get a lot of money from the industry won't you. #GOPCorrupt
No.
NO! And yes to BI partisan committee on Russian hacking. Don't let it drop.
and on Pence. Democracy needs you. You're our last hope from our tyrants. The founders created you as such.
please no!
He wants to destroy the epa. I am so disappointed in your support of him over the environmental safety of your constituents especially kids
we need a 9/11 panel on trump. He is about to shutdown CIA, NSA investigation and etc on him an involvement. Need you guys
he lacks a basic understanding of science
No.
he almost killed his works from mercury poisoning.
and destroy our environment. #neverpruitt
