With Maine's @Governor_LePage at his side, @VP presses @SenatorCollins to support Graham-Cassidy bill. She voted no on last repeal bill. 
Collins HAS integrity!She will not let herself be bullied by 45 or slicked on by the likes of you!  What you are trying to do is a disgrace!
Immoral. Have you discussed this with your pastor?
You can tell in this photo that he can't stand you.
Which one are you? Dumb or Dumber?
Loss huge loss for Maine. I think Susan Collins is smarter than that. Definitely smarter than Pence and Graham

To get 100% Senate support to repeal Obamacare. Take away their Cadillac plan.  Make them fall under Obamacare

And Collins will vote no again on this bill
You three deserve each other--the rest of us deserve to be protected from you.
https://www.zazzle.co.uk/z/y1ya0?rf=238499302032638869 …
Mike Pence is a puppet he has no business in politics at all there is a man that should resign and drive a cab or something
You are such a fake Christian. Jesus helps everyone not hurts His people. Shame on you!
Only way get anything passed put congress on Obama care and get rid the freebies
The only Governor you can find to support it.  #whackjob
Trumps zombie
She is a liberal with obstruction on her mind! She must be recalled from all committees and ruined if she does not vote YES! Tell her that!
Sarah stay true to yourself vote no.
Let's be clear: Trump is sabotaging the ACA. Insurers are rethinking marketplaces bc he is threatening to pull subsidies.
Literally no healthcare group, insurance group, or advacy groups supports this. What the hell are you doing
What the hell is he doing? just being Pence! Shill & Sycophant at large
We hope that Sen. Collins stays strong and continues to put the citizens of Maine ahead of party politics.
Two racist men lead by a racist, hideous man. #racistinchief #LiarInChief #racist
Lapage is Pres of The Emporer!s New Clothes Society!!

Big loss for most people. Big death numbers Pencey

No should still be no
.@SenSusanCollins If by "big for America" you mean for those in the death businesses (funeral homes, cemeteries), then yes, it would be big.
two more criminals in suits, sad
And this is the worst one yet and because donors want it for their tax cuts for the year! Shame on you all!
The fat operation did something to Gov brain.
This is not complete REPEAL as promised
What's with the politicians they hate the free market?

Struck out - AGAIN?   I'm sure tired of all this winning.  You and Chump haven't even taken America to first base.
Respectfully, Sir, Graham-Cassidy needs to mandate no penalties for pre-existing conditions. Not leave it up to the states.
YOU like your boss are CLUELESS!!! You can't be as DELUSIONAL as your boss, can you?  Do you think WE (Americans) are that stupid?
But isn't LePage a raving lunatic?  What a feather in your cap. #SaidNoOneEver
Luckily MAINE Governor doesn't vote.  His twitters since 2013 -- 2.
Interesting-Maine Medicaid Director (along with 49 other St Directors) sent ltr to DC asking for NO vote on health care bill.What's Gov. on?
Stop Pence. Collins is one patriotic Senator who votes in the best interest of people in Maine.In fact she thinks if bills are good for USA
Don't you know people see what a disingenuous liar you have proven to be? Isn't your family ashamed of you or are that as morally bankrupt?
#GrahamCassidy
No.
#SinglePayer
Winner, winner: dinner.
#Obamacare = #ACA § 1312.
#VPinIN
 history notes your positions.
What a stupid Vice President! You need to resign before you are in jail.
That fat racist old guy next to you? Yeah, he’s considered a cancer in our state.
I hope she supports Maine people by voting NO again @SenatorCollins
How the hell would you know. Gov lapage has done well for this state but he is off track with this

How about repeal and don't replace OC. Find a new way to help pre existing conditions.
Too late!
You own it if it stinks.  Blame yourself when ppl are suffering.
@SenatorCollins can think for herself and doesn't need you two #Mansplaining something that she knows is bad for Americans.
It does not protect those with Preexisting conditions and you both know it ! Vote NO @SenatorCollins
Too damned bad McCain won't vote for it. Perhaps Republicans will pick up a few seats next year.
You guys belong together, including Trump and his gang.Don't feel bad, this is who you are and what you come from. Next gen. will do better
Then why are all the Medicaid directors have a different tune.

Repeal and replace is not BIG win if millions will be oncovered. What it is --BIG CON MAKES RICH RICHER.  Now that doesn't benefit Americans
LePage?  What's the matter? Couldn't find an actual Klansman to stand up with you?
Liar.
The federal government has no business in healthcare follow the Constitution.
Grow your business in social platform by fb business page try it https://goo.gl/1dCy9p  #FlashbackFriday  #Kanye
Is our VP naïve-he really thinks we want Govt 2 continue meddling n our h/c WE VOTED FOR TRUMP & others who said #REPEAL -NO Obama/care lite
Big loss for Maine. Big win for @VP 's donors.
Liar extraordinaire! Big loss for everyone if enacted. America, call your representatives and preserve health care, lives, & America! @CNN
Big, as in big FAIL. Big fiasco! Big problems for American people.
You would thank SATAN!
LePage is a nut job.
Pence.  Listen to the People.  Not the rich... But the rest of America.  Then have a back home please. I beg you.
#ImpeachTrumpPence
Republicans are becoming experts at solving the overpopulation problem. Trumpcare1, Trumpcare2, and now Graham Cassidy.
@VP why don't you mention all of the governors - most @GOP and @TheDemocrats who oppose the bill. Why? Because you lie.

That sounds good! Because Obama care was to expensive
Wow, the fact that you would publicly align with a blatant racist like LePage is frightening.
@kengaeth68 problem is for Republicans we have two pussies and two dick heads that will kill last effort to repeal or replace O care.
It hard to pick the bigger asshole between these two
Big for KILLING AMERICANS!
I wish the Government would Listen to The People, We want Repeal not Replace, the Government is the Problem with Health Care NOW!!!
This is the guy you have for #BillSponsor, really
He's a crook, so you must be also
This picture looks like Pence and LePape are both on a 2 hole johnny trying to pass the constipation that is Graham-Cassidy bill. #GRUNT
@markknoller @SenatorCollins Well, LePage is nuts, so this means little.
Quit lying to us. We don't believe u! #treasoner 
Wow. You've sold out @SenatorCollins - what a shame. This is a horrible bill and you know it. Not one health org supports. There's a reason.
Its a calculated bribe to sway Sen. Collins.
I think she is to ethical to sacrifice the people of this nation to this awful bill!!
This ploy give Maine more out of this deal was to manipulate  Sen.Collins at the expense of all the people of this nation.
She is 2ethical 
Wow! The optics of this one are so telling. Look at LePage’s record on just about anything. #getaclue

Do u have any original thoughts besides how can i destroy the middle and lower class???
Total garbage....
Isn't this LePage some off the wall type of guy. Why would Senator Collins listen to him or Pence. She is far more intelligent.
But McCain lies about repealing #Obamacare and is once again a no vote!#senatorjohnmccain
You are talking about lying to #senatorjohnmccain  
LOL
FYI- cut funding to let folks know to enroll
NO! Time for regular order! Thank you Senator McCain.
Repeal and Replace OCARE, liberate America from that repressive scheme of the lef
Graham would sell his family to support the GOP not his voting base.
He’s craaaazy!  Love, A Maine resident
Sad that Senator McCain wants his legacy to be RINO HERO and is going to his death bed objecting to ANYTHING that President Trump is for.
RINO HERO defines McCain!
This is the worst bill ever conceived by republicans and Lepage will go out with the republican trash in 2018

Be honest. All you care about is keeping the flow of Koch Bros money into your pockets. You don't give a damn about average Americans.
Seems appropriate you’d buddy up to another shit stain governor who doesn’t care about the poor and less fortunate, Mike!  @PressSec
How is uninsuring 32 million people, getting rid of protections for preexisting conditions & harming poor, sick & elderly a win for America?
WTF. This bill is being universally condemned by patient advocacy groups & the AMA says it violates "first, do no harm."

VP- I request you explain all the wonderful things about GrahamCassidy. Speak at a townhall. I want to know how it is better than ACA! Tell!
Both of you are psychologically challenged. Thank you Senator McCain!
It's not a full REPEAL! It's just a temp fix that hurts pre-existing cond patients big time! READ the bill! I did! No thank you!
John "RINO " McCain I'll vote nobut that's to be expected. Traitor!

You sorry bunch of slime @gop... Americans will not forget about this or you protecting @potus
This bill is absoluter crap and is not about serving the people but yourselves. You should be ashamed but that would require ethics









































BREAKING: 32 Million Americans will be without healthcare. @VP don't care.


















@SenatorCollins should have voted no and she should vote no again. She actually cares about people's health unlike you!












