This has taken much too long. Is there anyone who didn't know the outcome once we knew who the candidate was?
No. Not at all. You didn't even hold one hearing for Gorsuch. You are wildly hypocritical.
I think you mean Garland.
Two G names is clearly too much for me to handle 
Thank you Senator
You and McCain need to stop your grandstanding BS. You're both out. Done.
Good !
LINDSEY ALWAYS "MANS UP" AFTER THE MEN HAVE FINISHED, IF YA KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
Potus sends tomahawk msg to Assad and the world!!!
How can you stand by and let this happen to our country?
Hey. Remember that time when the last guy appointed a justice and you all just like...ignored him? Good times.
Remember the Joe Biden rule?
U mean this speech suggesting that *if* a vacancy occurred during last 6mo of 1992 election cycle that the nom wait til after Election Day?
That's right! #confirmgorsuch
No Supreme Court candidate has been confirmed in an election year since 1940. Oh and on the impeachment deal. Good luck on that one sport.
Thank you for having a level head on this.  The DEMs need to move on just as we did in 08.
Give us a nominee that is fair on women's issues, please.
Define fair?
gonna haunt you......and it's gonna hurt.
Your party doesn't care about the quality of life of the rest of us, just securing more power to tell us how to live. Gorsuch is bad 4 USA.
Whatever it takes?  You mean, of course, kissing democracy goodbye?  Well, you got what you wanted, but at what cost? #Shame!
Respectfully, sir, this is bullshit. ~90 Obama judicial nominees were filibustered by GOP before they went nuclear. Garland deserved a vote.
If the demos don't want to govern then go on without them.
I couldn't have said it better.
Thank you for confirming you have no actual principles. It makes it easier to never pay attention to your empty words again.
He's not such an exceptional candidate as to call for end to 230 year Senate tradition.
Put democracy/country over party; history will judge
Coward.
This is shameful.  I had hopes that you were better than this.  Sorry that you're my senator.
Can not wait , god bless you and save our constitutional rights !!!
Right on POTUS
By changing the rules? My five-year old tries to do that playing Old Maid. 

Try governing.
It's about time we get rid of @GOP representatives who ignore the will of the voters. #Gerrymandering
The end dies not justify the means. We learned that as children.
Where were you when Merrick Garland was being denied?  Not even a hearing. Hypocrite. Partisan hypocrite.
You spoke of the long-term damage to the Senate of using the "nuclear option" to push Gorsuch through but voted to use it anyway. Pathetic!
Pretty sick remark for an elected official that is suppose to represent the people of this country. Just shows how unfair you really are.
Thank you Mr. Graham!
Destroying the two party system?!?!?
Be mindful of your re-election prospects Senator. #Resist
You could have chosen a moderate, like Garland. When the Senate flips, the @GOP will regret this.
I guess "TREASON" is on the "Republicans List" on doing "WHATEVER IT TAKES"!!!! Republicans will pay for it at the "POLLS" for years. THANKS
@newtgingrich @thestate
Foxnews part of a foreign owned entertainment co. founded 1979. NYTimes&WashingtonPost 100+years USownership. Which to trust? Not fox
Yes!!!!!!!!
That is why we are where we are. Whatever it takes. #federalist10
Please talk to Sen McCain!!!
Change how the senate works to force through an appointee of a sitting president under serious FBI investigation. History won't forget.
The war must be waged to be won or go home.  Democrats have prevailed and perverted the system for far too long.
