This bill will harm and even kill women, and prolong the suffering of infants. It's evil and dangerous.
How?
Most of these late term situations are to save the mother and/or deliver a fetus that has passed or will suffer greatly. I saw your bias.
I believe it already accounts for such situations
This should be between a physician and a patient. This cannot continue to be political. It's not safe.
Political? I agree. Let’s make it a basic human rights issue and protect human rights for ALL humans — not just those who are desired
You obviously are not a woman and your history fails you. Never again.
1. Pro life women are everywhere. Being a woman didn’t change them.
2. You being a woman doesn’t change facts.
3. Men are part of birth
Maybe y'all should be passing bills for some gun controls or reasonable health care to protect the walking and talking from pain. #hypocrite
This is monstrous.  Fight for women.
He is. Too many people suffer from pain of abortion. A sleepless night due to a crying baby is better than one due to an abortion.
OH LORD!!!! He could be saving actual lives w gun control!!!!!
Hope saves lives because those who have hope have no interest in killing others.
I was going to like ur comment & then realized I wasn’t sure what ur saying. I agree w hope. But in terms of policy - don’t agree w this
http://Factcheck.org  for the truth. There is NO SOUND MEDICAL PROOF.
Interesting line at the end of this paragraph from your link.
Yup. Dr. Doolittle could be quoted as an expert with as little strength their argument has for pursuing the bill. And it won't stop there.
When did Lindsey grow a womb???
He has no womb, but a HEART  for innocent, defenseless babies being brutally slaughtered in the place they should be safest, Mama's womb.
Such a contradiction of the word innocent and defenseless.  NO CONSISTENCY
Babies' innocence, never did anything wrong to deserve murder. Defenseless, can't fight back while being brutally killed. Get it now?
Ummm, I think you’re the one who doesn’t get it.  Defenseless people innocently attending a music festival were struck down by a white guy
We r discussing abortion. Try to stay on topic! If u want to talk mass killings, remember cars/trucks plowing n2 crowds. Killers find a way!

Save the unborn baby When the baby born throw it to the street and call it a taker if its sick or needs a free lunch
No, let a couple begging to adopt provide a good home. Childless couples wait years for a child while others kill them for convenience. Sad!
Abortion is the holocaust of our nation. The blood of innocents is on our hands. God will judge us for supporting it. Adoption instead!!!
Unborn protection act but do nothing to protect the living from guns!Hypocrite!
There  are lots of laws regulating guns. You are uninformed. Number of deaths by guns is tiny fraction of deaths by abortion. No comparison!
Death is death. If you care about lives then u care about all... but maybe not if you’re easily bought by greed. Uninformed? Uh huh sure..
Even make more blood money selling baby parts! Disgraceful!!!!!
CHIPS, health care, gun control, crazy person in the WH, hurricane victims, tax reform, thinking plenty on the plate.
Finally, some relief from this grizzly murdering business and of selling the body-parts of the unborn.
Nutjob
Abortion is not something I support(very little relevance since I am a man). Why  no proposed legislation to attempt preventing massacres.
I believe a Dem would beat both Graham and Scott if elections were today.  That’s saying a lot.
1/ WE ALL KNOW THAT THE .@GOP IS NOT PRO LIFE...IT IS PRO BIRTH.ONCE BORN, THEY STRIP AWAY HEALTH CARE, EDUCATION, SAFETY NETS
@LindseyGrahamSC keep your hands off my wife
Well, we need more people. Otherwise, who will buy guns?
Save the unborn baby. Then take away its healthcare.
That's not true, a cop out. Won't soothe the conscience. Abortion doesn't just end a pregnancy, it makes a woman the mother of a dead child.
Like DT, Lindsey has merely become an active measure.  

Sick.
Graham cat pass anything he touches.  When close best friend McCain steps in. They are biggest losers in US.
Protect the BORN please. We matter too.
I wish he cared as much about the BORN humans getting killed by #AssaultWeapons
"There are already hundreds of abortion control laws on the books. You can't legislate evil."

-see how dumb you sound when it's guns
Oh sweet. Since youve utterly failed at protecting the living from pain, may as well move on.
How about you worry about protecting those that are currently living. Or let’s wait until 1000
People are shot next time
How about we start by protecting the born humans as well?

How many more hypocrites will we find
How about the ones dying in Flint because of poisoned droning water? What are you doing about them?
*Drinking
@LindseyGrahamSC hates women and it’s obvious. He’s also NOT AT ALL concerned with “saving lives”. He’s pandering because he’s losing.
@LindseyGrahamSC how about the 600 people who felt physical pain on Sunday in Las Vegas? Does their pain matter?
I'm thankful they're trying, but I don't see where they're going to find 60 votes.
LOL...but a slow painful death because of the lack of social safety nets!?
A scientifically unsupportable measure. Typical GOP nonsense.
@KevinNR lot of crazies here. Making weird comparisons to guns for some reason.
@KevinNR Will never get 60 votes to invoke cloture. Waste of time?
Thank you Senator Graham.
Be sure to add amendment for pregnancies caused by Congressmen's affairs
Another step backwards for women's rights by rich old white men.
The real agenda: if the government gets away with telling a woman what she can do with her body, then they can impose mandatory abortions.
Shucks I thought he would announce hes resigning can’t get nothing done in the Senate incompetent best friend Mccain double crossed him#MAGA
One would have thought @LindseyGrahamSC would have had enough after having his ass handed to him via his healthcare debacle. Ugh.
You're forced to have the baby, but I'll strip away your insurance to pay the medical bills
Pass gun laws...protect The Sandy Hook Kindergarteners and get your chauvinist nose away from women's healthcare.
How are you going to protect the children who have been born? By taking CHIP away, with GrahamCassidy, allowing bump stocks, raising taxes?
Lindsey should be talking gun control right now.
Is there no end to your awfulness?
Doctors disagree about pain in the second trimester. @LindseyGrahamSC will happily risk women carrying terminal fetuses. Their mental health and their lives. Congratulations.
And endanger the mothers. Trying to be the darling of the GOP extreme wing rather than represent your constituents.
Lindsey you’re embracing junk science again.  Please do no harm
They should say "pro birth" instead of "pro life"
Once you're born you're a drag on society till u pay taxes in their eyes. Stop lying!!
More regulations for a  woman's body. But nothing about guns!!!
Too bad they won't make murder illegal! That would have stopped the #LasVegasMassacre
Like Susan Smith? Where are her rights? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Susan_Smith …
How bout going something for your actual living constituents, like padding chip, daca, $$$ for Puerto Rico?
You know who is pain capable? Babies conceived during a sexual assault- great job tossing them under the bus....@SaveThe1Child
Graham pulls this card out, hoping it will erase all the other EVIL Crap he does.
You know Who is pain capable? Americans in Puert Rico, USVI, victims in Las Vegas... what is he being done for them?
Quite a bit. You should follow the news.
Lindsay is as useless as a tit on a bull.  No scientific data to support, no public outcry for this policy.
Can you tag on the health insurance for 9 million children you just cut?!!!
:-(
2/.@GOP IS NOT PRO LIFE. IF IT WERE THEY W/ABANDON.@NRA, BAN ALL ASSAULT WEAPONS&ADD-ONS,COP KILLING BULLETS. SUPPORT UNIVERSAL GUN REGISTRY
I wish he would take a seat.
That is not based on science. Let’s not forget that important point.
I’m sorry but don’t you think CHIP is more important than unborn children Mr Graham..my God...
@LindseyGrahamSC: LOL I didn't know what I was doing with that healthcare bill! 
@LindseyGrahamSC: But THIS bill is not an asspull, honest!
Gun Deaths Cripple Nation,Hurricanes Devastate Nation,A Tax Fraud Plan Robs Middle Class.@GOP Rips Away Healthcare&THIS IS WHAT YOU WORK ON?
If he pro life why is he pro guns?
Yep. We can't discuss gun control but no problem when it comes to women's health rights. What hypocrites
You do nothing but strip healthcare from children. You do nothing to prevent them from gun violence. You're such a hypocrite.
Now it has to pass Murkowski, Collins, and McCain.
How about the CHIP program?  How about gun control legislation?  Mental health reforms?  All PAIN CAPABLE!!!!
Save the unborn baby to be killed by a mentally ill man with high power guns
How about the Pain Capable Gunshot Susceptible Grown Ass People Protection Act? Huh? Can you pass some gun control laws for that group?
Give me a break! Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands, Healthcare, Gun legislation- and your priority is the unborn? Save the born!!!
Thought this was a joke until I googled it. Wow.
@LindseyGrahamSC meanwhile let's get rid of mother's health care care. GOP is not a party that values life
Ugh!
Godspeed.
How about the Pain-Capable children losing CHIP coverage? Any interest in the post-utero child or not so much?
GOP is pro-fetus only!
leftism supports providing for people as long as only the government does the providing

free people living in a free country? not so much
Health care is vastly different from Welfare. And I'm not saying the government must be the sole supplier of health care. I'm free market
my point is that it is perfectly harmonious with caring about & for people to not assume that only govt-directed efforts embody such care
if he was pro life he would never get rid of essential health benefits
#Complicit party over people
What n the heck is this? I hope it has something to do with protecting ppl from lethal bullets.
Or for all the children losing CHIP
Along with making a guarantee for a lifetime of healthcare, food, and shelter! WTG!! Proud American moment!
Oops! I misunderstood the whole pro-life movement was only prior to birth & only abortions since prenatal care isn't on the agenda either.
Anything to hurt women and families, right @LindseyGrahamSC? But no gun control measures. The Senator is truly a repugnant vulture.
I literally thought this was a joke. @LindseyGrahamSC  can you fight for gun control instead of trying to control my body? thanks.
Science  is faulty. But guns DO cause pain
This GOP Agenda is sick.
Guy's date to any important function is his SISTER. He doesn't get to decide for all women.
Wow. @LindseyGrahamSC showing his grasp on real priorities.
Can't regulate guns, won't feed you, give you healthcare or adequate education but will force women to have fetus that won't survive birth
You ever wonder if @LindseyGrahamSC will be "brain-capable" ?
What?
There are more important things to deal with at this moment. Hurricanes, deadly shootings, infrastructure, climate change- shameful.
But nothing to stop violent gun deaths. Pro life until birth.
Unborn children can be ones worst nightmare...............just ask Bush Sr!!!!Dora
This will do nothing but harm women and their families. No one WANTS to get an abortion after 20 weeks, circumstances force it. For shame.
If nothing else, it gets people on-record showing what they will and will not support on the most important issue of our time--life. (Granted, life begins at conception, but at least this gets us closer to that time if it passes.) Hope it passes.
How many abortions do you think your hero Donnie has paid for? Make sure you stipulate if your total includes Jr. and Eric
