When is your term over?
Shame on you.   You have the obligation to stop this.
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
No thanks. I’d rather watch paint dry.

I’ll be watching football

If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
I’d rather listen to Eminem’s video rap about trump. More truthful!
Stop tweeting
No thanks
Nothing new, liars always want to be interviewed by Fox, less likely to be called out for lying.
Ok trumpabee let us know when u go on the real news, not #FakeNews Fox. I'm UR constituent & working hard 2get U out of office. #shameonyou
Curious? Did you have the golf balls to give Trump your new cell phone number? 
Go away, you are not helping
Brian, great interview with Sen Graham. We are lucky to have you both in positions to deliver for the American people. God Bless.
Why?
I always had a little respect for you because you seemed to value the greater good now you are a wimpy coward bowing to Trump disgusting
Nope. Sorry- you lost us at health (not)care
How about going on a real news station instead of your echo chamber
Did you know military spouses loose Tricare benefits when spouse turns 65?  He can go to the VA after that, how about me?
Lubricate your foxnews catheter.
"It does matter who the President is." Thought provoking #indeed.
Wouldn’t waste my time #lickspittle You would just keep spouting lies for this #patheticpotus You should both #resign in shame
Dump Trump! Little else matters for congress right now.
No thanks.
Good Lord, Linds. You're just coasting at this point. Aren't ya?
Why? You have nothing to add to discussions of importance in USA.We have POTUS who plays golf,Tweets and thinks thermonukes are an option!#M
Corker has credibility, but still a conservative -- we need more rational conservatives (most still closeted)! Bipartisan sanity is needed!
Why not goes on an actual news station instead of Hate and Friends!
yep, the fake news choice of the @GOP , your own station of lies.
I'd rather eat nails.
Better get your head out of your ass!
I’ll pass - You’re a failure Lindsey. Give it up!
Enjoy!
Lies, propaganda & fake news. No thank you. You have lost ALL CREDIBILITY,  Senator.
You have now melded yourself with Trump and his ilk. You mean nothing now
Ask Kilmeade about his IQ...he doesn't sound very bright.
No
Dear Lindsey, Why have you lost your way?
Pay...........ola
Maybe you can discuss the breaking @NBCNews article re why Tillerson called Trump a moron. Do you have babysitting duty later?
Disappointed in you
Of course you are. 
After that, Wil you save our country? Or take another round of golf?
Lol now you're a fox fan! Pathetic!
So glad my senators aren't spineless like you. Does Trump have some Denny Hastert level dirt on you?
Why?
What do you want to take this morning for the 1 precent
PUERTO RICO NEEDS HELP!
Who cares..
Instead of golfing with POTUS, you should be working on removing him from office.
Going to talk about Trump’s 73 golf score & follow typical #GOP line excusing everything he does?
Your favorite Fox garbage
Oy
