HE'S GOING TO START A WAR ! VIA TWEET! HE NEEDS TO TURN OVER THE DECISIONS TO GEN KELLY.
Hey...cbs where's my girl at? Lol
Nora...Charlie...gail talks to much!
Scary. Americans have a screwball as president.
Its great to have a President that's not afraid to act. We wouldn't be in this situation if Clinton or Obama took stronger actions
As Trump told us in the beginning, he will NOT reveal what he is going to really do. So you all can keep squawking and look like fools
If he spends time on this threat, what happens in Iran, Afghanistan, & Syria? Containment of North Korea is critical.
You got alot of crazy liberals tweeting on this feed.
This kind of talk doesn't scare you? The anniversary of the A bomb is happening this week in Japan. Bet it scares those folks...
Follow the money.I bet Lindsey Graham has some investments that would pay bigly if we went 2 war with North Korea. 
#Traitors 
#ImpeachTrump
The best bet under that scenario would be to short the Dow.
Well said, Senator.  What would we say if a missile delivered a nuke to an American city?   Unacceptable
Great interview @ LindseyGrahamSC. Just wish mouthy CBS hosts wouldn't interrupt...
awful interview. This guy is completely detached from what "nuklar" war actually means.
@GOP kiss your jobs good by
To speak about the "nut job" in N Korea and not acknowledge the nut job president in our front lawn is  reprehensible . They both act alike.
Here we go. Preemptive strike, viewed as unprovoked. DOW will tumble
Wars don't go like that. We were as powerful in the 60's & those pushing war said we'd fire power our way to victory. You saw what happened.
Distraction from six trade investigation & a 100 more investigations
He's shitting bricks about Manafort FBI raid n looking to distract. Frightening how far he will go to do so driven by narcistic self belief.

"Try something new."  Like uncalibrated war. We're not playing a video game.  Your rhetoric is reckless.
Please Graham, You have no clue what is going on and you are trying to explain Trumps rhetoric. He is the threat!
Unanimous UN SecCouncil just called threat from NK unacceptable. Do you disagree?
What a privilege it must be to support the option of "nuklar" war when it won't affect you personally.
Both the US and NK and world will be devastated everybody calm shut your mouths a just your raisins and communicate like adults not kids
You can thank the Clintons & Obama's for this mess!
Trump with absurd rhetoric which the WH is walking back now, shows he is mentally incompetent to be POTUS. Serious situation. GOP won't act.
Gosh, @LindseyGrahamSC criticizing @realDonaldTrump. I'm SHOCKED!
Guess it is time to practice tuck and cover?
Lindsay , Trump is not the super hero as you and your constituents make him out to be NK will not back down US drop a bomb NK drop a bomb
ENOUGH WITH THE RED LINE.
WHAT WILL B WILL B...
Wow scary
Omg! We're talking about going to war with a country that has said they'll use nuclear weapons on us and our allies. Trump will kill us all.
Yep, the GOP is going to use this to get back public support for the POTUS.
What the tarnation does that mean, Mr. Senator Man? Is the Donald gonna Bill Braskey-style eat Kim Jung Un?
Justifying nuclear war as okay because it is 'over there'?   Are you insane?
Sadly you are really no @SenJohnMcCain
@LindseyGrahamSC you are NOT President! Stop sabotaging #Trump and go do you job for a change!!!!!!!
You're right there Lindsey it's not the missile it's the sudden stop that kills us
Are u kidding?! How can you condone the impulsive, dangerous trump rhetoric? Your priorities seem very mixed up, weak and pandering!
Yes a severe tongue lashing then a finger waging
Didn't gay boy Hussein draw a red line.
In your dreams! 
@realDonaldTrump is WWIII waiting to tweet!
Traitor you and McCain
Sickening. Every last GOP politician is a corrupt, morally bankrupt fool that needs to be replaced.
Lindsey - you have no courage. Always bowing to the con man!!
#idiot #manchild needs to pull up a high chair next to #trump! @GOP
You know his words were dangerous & he leaked information to Fox w/ purpose to distract from news coming on trump Russia! #25thAmendmentNow
Oiiiiii
If there is a war then you and trump must be put on the front line, since you will be putting all of us in the line of fire.
Lindsey, are you insane?  There is no way to restrict a nuclear war with North Korea. Retaliation is inevitable.
@LindseyGrahamSC This pro-war rhetoric talk IS dangerous. You & #45 are putting millions of peoples lives in danger. PLEASE STOP NOW!!! 
You forgot to mention our nut in the backyard.  Trump & Kim Jong-un are on the same level of insanity.
I agree with you.  I'm afraid people don't realize how dangerous this is. Do we wait until they have a full arsenal. Time not on our side.
Anyone who thinks Trump can stop North Korea is wrong. John McCain is on more solid ground. TRUMP IS AS NUTTY AS KIM. Ad lib nukes? NO!
It is time for the unstable trump to step down. Pls Mr Kelly,Mr Tillerson, send trump back to his tower. America is not safe
Missy Graham gets a hard on every time he discusses war.
It's similar to ryan when killing middle class and making rich richer
http://brilliantmaps.com/2016-county-election-map/ … #MAGA @POTUS obstructed NATL SECURITY undermined by @SenateGOP  @SenJohnMcCain (FUSION)& @HouseGOP  RussiaMANIA
Sounds simple and how does he eliminate the threat?
I am allergic to bullshit and that's all Lindsey Graham shovels.
About time you back up the President
Thank you Sen Graham for stepping up to support the Commander in Chief
Spoken like the Russian bot you are
You sound scared

Supporting a man who is threatening "fire & fury" as if the U.S. has dragons at the ready is ludicrous & a disservice to Americans!
You must be getting something Graham the GOP I remind myself don't give a flying shit about our troops at least McCain isnt a ass kisser
there are more than 85,000 U.S. troops in South Korea, and an American carrier group based in Japan do u even care China will get involved


The people of Guam are U.S. citizens by birth. Shame on you for shrugging off the possibility of their deaths so that you won't be affected.
@katiecouric Pres. Katie would have drawn hop-scotch lines.
Sounds like war to me Dave. @davidfrum remember to "Duck and Cover". Time to bring Rummy Rumsfeld back on board. I miss his psychoness
Really Lindsey. Is that how you think???
Sen. Graham I expect better from someone with your experience in world policy. Stop defending Trumps mistakes and protect US! #SCvoter
Mistake? Like ignoring the briefings saying NK was trying to make a nuclear icbm for 8 years? Or being strong in the face of a real threat?
Its funny that you liked my sarcastic post about Obozo. Trump's response was firm and backed by the world.
That's the only way we'll ever be safe
Sounds like we are going to war then.
No surprise from the NUT wing of the GOP!
Thank you Senator for being an American. Seems like you friend @SenJohnMcCain needs to stop the rhetoric. He & Dems are putting us in danger
STOP a war with N. Korea would kill Millions
Trump needs to be impeached now. He thinks this is a tv show
Do your job
He takes issue with dump over jeff sessions but supports him in his escalating war rhetoric? What is the wrong with the GOP? 
Does @LindseyGrahamSC not realize we are talking about a nuclear war? What is wrong with this idiot? Let's get a DEM to replace him pronto.
@LindseyGrahamSC for President 2020

North Koreans will rip through that Redline like wet toilet paper with Trump's diarrhea spouting mouth
Here Here! Thank you Mr Graham!
What exactly is he going to do to stop the threat. Specifics, please.
Some lead while others follow. 
What's Trump going 2 do?  Tweet them into submission?
Once again GOP is blinded! It's DTs big mouth rhetoric talk that's the problem. He can't be presidential. He has a big dangerous mouth.
Really? @realDonaldTrump got into a dick measuring contest with Un #DPRK. He is an incompetent @potus and will get us all killed. #2018
President Trump is a threat! How will you contain this clear & present danger to American and global security?
We are not taking about a regular war here. Hundreds of thousands of ppl could die because of this kind of thinking. What is wrong with you
Now POTUS is bragging about the nuclear arsenal. This is going to be on the GOP for letting a lunatic stay in control of the nuclear codes
GOP useless. They forgot a long time ago about the normal middle class and the poor.
Endorsing this bluster and double dare tantrum is NOT AMERICAN.  Please stepndown till you find your spine. This isn't how USA behaves
You have sold your soul to back an immature authoritarian and all the blood spilt and lives loss because of him will be on YOUR hands
Are u kidding me? What a load of BS.
A perceived threat
People should be more worried about US reaction rather than what NK offer as a threat.
You and your relentless warmongering are as much of a threat to national security as the mentally unstable, drastically incompetent POTUS.
Senator, is our so called president going to start WWIII before, or after, the civil war he is fomenting? #ImpeachTrump
He *IS* the threat!
What world do you live in we're being threatened so what sit back and cry and beg not to hurt us that's weak
Lindsey Graham? For real....this is not a game.
Exactly! Do something about the idiot @realDonaldTrump who has the NUCLEAR CODES!!
You should resign and go on the front lines. It's where you belong. Sick of your nonsense.
Translation is GOP always profits from wars. Blood money.
No good @POTUS options to stop #KimJongUn. But, if talking heads & @LindseyGrahamSC were in #Seoul would they still call for a U.S. strike?
Crazy liberals and rational right know what Trump is in a corner. Trump Red lined but Congress declares wars. Trump screwed up huge.
peas and carrots peas and carrots#StartPressingCharges
With his undisciplined bombast he's going to get us into a nuclear war where thousands will die.
Come on, Lindsey!!! Really????? Trump is an out of control toddler having a tantrum

Graham is just as dumb as Trump is.  And yes, he flip flops.  Why do Republicans love war so much?
How do these guys wake up and think saying rhetorical shit won't have an impact and one they don't want•Stop putting my life in danger•
I'm so ashamed of my representatives from South Carolina.
Being ashamed doesn't help or solve anything.  Act !
I vote every election and I will remember everything they voted for that I disagreed with.
Watch 45 provoke North Korea for lack of knowledge & all hell will break a loose!
I respect President Trump and support him
I thought you all learned your lesson about red lines. Kim WILL cross it. Whatll you do then? Obama had the good grace to eat crow Will you?
The war hawks are at it again.
You people are out of your minds.
Who are you trying to kid- look here NOT there.
He drew a red-line at threats that Lil Kim stepped over in less than 2 hours by directly threatening Guam. Trump's response, well...
@potus @realdonaldtrump said US response to a new threat from Kim to be devastating nuclear attack.TRUMP BLOWHARD. Kim made threat,  OTHING.
Trump does not know how dangerous he acts. He's a fucking punk who has no clue how diplomacy works.
#Trump #TrumpRussia #WagTheDog #RussiaInvestigation
I vote for a full CIA government intervention of NK. If that don't work then go nuclear.
He has no authority to strike N. Korea preemptively.
Graham is a Clown
Here comes the chicken hawks beating the drums of war once again
When a politician has no answers he starts talking about Red Lines.
N.Korea built up to this point w/ 4 USA POTUS & now Pres Trump will have to deal w/ it even tho unjustly slammed by media, #BackThePrez
#WagTheDog #RussiaInvestigation
#EndTheHoax Only Russian connect is w/ Comrade Clinton. Mueller brokered 20% Uranium deal, Conflicted! Political COUP, Judicial Jihad.
That's the most intelligent thing that senator Graham has said in a long time
45's a YUGE bully!
can't believe you let this guy get on tv to say that war is ok cuz it won't be on our soil. Despicable.
That's good old Lindsey for you. He loves war, because Fort Jackson, just not where he has to see it or get dirty from it. (sc native here)
Who knew Senator Graham could tap dance that fast? And in flip-flops! Go Lindsey go!

