At least he has the courage to come out and speak to his constituents.
I am no fan of GOP but I do appreciate that he stood up to Trump & is pursuing the Russia connection.
there is nothing there! Nothing!
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha. Nothing there! How can anyone be so gullible? Trump team dropping like flies
I can't help but think you won't like anything Trump does! Sorry for your lose.
My 'lose'? Thanks for playing old man. Learn to spell, read an actual book, and stop being an asshat.
sorry Perrier. Loss! There you go! So you really don't like poor working class Americans then right! Maybe your Russian
May not always agree but at least you have the cajones to show up and actually talk and listen to your constituents.  Many don't. Respect.
A condescending way to handle the opposition. I suspect your voters feel cheated given u wouldn't vote on last nominee
Country over Party
Senator, why should a corrupt president (which you know is true) be allowed a SCOTUS pick?
disagree if you want but he won!
corrupt "wins" are temporary for the cheater. But the harm they can inflict can be permanent.
Barb, I understand your feeling of lose. I felt that for 8 years! While the things I felt let's say
Obama left after two terms with ZERO scandals and never a hint of treason.
It's common sense that a lame duck (less than a year to go) President won't get a SCOTUS approved. Ask Joe Biden.
bullshit!  That was all Mitch McConnell

RS read the article! Don't take a snippet of his total speech out of context. That's a typical GOP move
ok. Biden gave a "90-minute floor address that included a call for halting action on Supreme Court nominees in an election year."
It's a "typical" GOP move and a typical Democrat move. It's a typical politician move.
Why should one trust a Trump appointee and party line vote to hastily confirm--ugly and sad (party over country).
Are you a Russian KGB AGENT, now that @DevinNunes has Obstructed Justice w/secret Trump White House meetings.
Good job dealing with disrespect. As a SC constituent, please support President Trump. You'd be a great asset to him.
why would he do that?  Trump is more interested in playing golf that being a president
#TownHall please refrain from calling #God and allah one in the same. They are not the same.
FYI tweets are a part of a  PUBLIC conversation
it was specifically asking someone a ?. There's still a level of decorum expected. Twitter Ville or not
Twitter is like making an announcement over the intercom in a school full of gossipy, snarky teens. If u want privacy, email
and if I don't it's because I just invited all the Trolls. Is that what you are saying?
yeah,  for better of for worse. It's the nature of the beast
America is tired of liberal republicans in drag, you and McCain need to retire! Had enough of your batshit liberalism
You said that about Sessions, Tillerson, Pruitt, Ross, & Devos.  All have questionable morals and ties to Russia
I also suspect your voters believe nothing Trump puts fwd should get a vote until we know whether there is collusion
elections do matter, Obama had every right to pick Garland; just as qualified. We protest b/c this is a stolen seat!
consent" is granted or withheld.
then they'll be fine with it when dems filibuster him, even if it doesn't work, right?
Gorsuch will be confirmed, whether by 60 votes, or 51. The Democrats and Schumer can do nothing about it.
If Gorsuch is confirmed, he will be a tainted lifetime pick because trump is going down.
there shouldn't even BE hearings going on w/admin under suspicion of collusion..
I've heard all Democrats talking points, they're wrong.
Sen Graham, we don't agree but I respect you. PLEASE stop trying to put lipstick on the Trump pig & little piglets.
Why?  Corporations over flesh & blood, non-answers in the hearing? WH is a mess from evasiveness.
if you don't want to lose the country quit and take McCain with you. Or back conservatives but quit bashing Trump!
Hey South Carolina...vote these pigs out.
@TGowdySC  D.C. Would be a better place without Lindsey Graham & especially Trey Gowdy, huge hypocrite
Your constituents chanted "Your last term" while you spoke at toenhall & you said Bring it on?! We will. We will indeed.
keep the faith...He'll get confirmed.
Please get SCOTUS  passed it looks like Demos R controlling Can u do nuclear on him. Demos weren't fair. Buck up.
#Gorsuch is already viewed as illegitimate. If he can't garner 60 votes & Rs force confirmation--another pox on Rs
Are you and Trump pushing to get Russian KGB approved Gorsuch on the Supreme Court to STOP IMPEACHMENT of TRUMP?
Even if @JoeBiden meant next pres pick #SCOTUS did U issue statement of support in 1992? didn't think so. #nogorsuch
I Watched. Impressed how sensible, fair, and open-minded the Sen (former USAF career officer) is. not a Curtis Lemay.
Vote no on Gorsuch! Trump should not have a pick when his Adm is under investigation!
stop @JoeBiden false equivalency. Didn't say next pres to choose #SCOTUS said wait until after election. Stop lying!
U boast of voting to confirm, Sotomayor, Kagan, Alito & Roberts-They all received 60 votes. #gorsuch must do the same.
Nuc him in.
very disappointed with you and John McCain. Can't believe how much you hate our president. We will not forget
ur job is to represent the people, not the president. The people do not want Gorsuch, they want an investigation first
Graham supports the GOP kill old people bill. 5X the cost of healthcare for older adults. VOTE!
@SenSchumer Dems asked to see Trump's Tax Returns, it was voted no. Now Reps wants Dems to not filibuster. How's this fair?
Does anyone play by THE RULES anymore?  Trump Era - an era where there are no Rules & Laws. A time when being
Sorry but adds against Dems for Scotus is not a way to get votes I say no not after those 10million dollar adds
so- if something is going to collapse- does a sane person let it, killing millions or try to fix it???
Republicans stole Scotus seat, nothing can rectify unless Gorsuch opts out w/Garland given his seat. Hence the anger.
Reach out to Dems? Where were the Reps when they were demonizing Obama and ACA for the last 7 years?
God bless President Trump, his family, every Patriot & may God continue to bless America! Amor. Lux. Veritas. Godspeed
God is back in the White House! God is with America & gave us President Trump to help rid of Globalist such as you!
duly elected! U are part of the problem & U have shown for yrs the truth in my words! God is back in the White House!
swamp! We will get no great pleasure, but we will be relieved. Politicians like U are the reason President Trump was..
who do have common sense, are true Patriots & lovers of our Great Nation will enjoy the day U are drained from said..
pompousness will probably not allow U the common sense thing, as it's truly not that common. But all of us Americans..
If U have any goodness, any decency left, U would leave the swamp on your own. But of course your arrogance...
NOTHING TO DO WITH THE ELECTIONS! Any true American, Military personnel, Law Enforcement can see right through U!
saying u "must" be removed as quickly as possible. Obama's own people, the average American know that Russia had...
future. Again, u should be drained as quickly as possible. As a Veteran & Patriotic American, I'm not alone in...
Monster! Yes, clearly u are a swamp monster & I'd be shocked if u are anywhere near the Capital in the foreseeable..
Americans everyday how much that is true. U, Sir are not only a part of the swamp, but u are proving to be a swamp...
your great state put up with u & your hypocritical non sense & out of touch rhetoric is beyond reason. U show SC &...
The American People. U are a Trump hater & your globalist agenda shows itself more & more daily. Why the people of...
Won! Trump won because of that & because he understands the American People! U are completely out of touch with...
U are definitely a Globalist. This war going on in America is Americanism vs Globalism. "That" is why President Trump
the left. They are now The Anti-Liberal Nazi Fascist Globalist Left Party. Although u claim to be a Conservative...
what Nation do u belong too? Common sense is not that common. U are apparently a Globalist too. It's what I call.
Conservatives side solely because of President Trump. I want to ask U Sir on what planet U live on. What country...
I'm s former liberal born bred NYC of Puerto Rican decent, Army Veteran. I'm a devout Christian. Went over to...
It's not a matter of acceptance. I'm acutely aware he won. It's a matter of shock, dismay and abject disappointment.
Please listen to all your constituents.  SCOUTUS has always been fair for both sides of the table.  Great pick!
Stolen seat!
We need to back off the Supreme court nomination until we clear trump
bragging about sparring with your voters is not something to brag about. This arrogance is shameful.
just watched your town hall. YOU R OUT OF TOUCH! NO TO Gorsuch!!!! 
Perhaps .. but as YOUR constituent, YOU weren't listening when #JudgeGarland deserved an up or down vote.  #hypocrisy
you're a loser in every aspect of the way a loser can be.  I am ashamed we share the same genetics!
 @IvankaTrump taking expensive trips on tax payers dime!
Air Force One and 100 Secret Service Agents Used for Ivanka's Aspen Vacation http://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/3/26/1647465/-Air-Force-One-and-100-Secret-Service-Agents-Used-for-Ivanka-s-Aspen-Vacation …
LG, you still seem to forget who you work for...times are changing and your seat is NOT guaranteed. #shapeuporshipout
great job Confirm him!!
Merrick Garland's seat was stolen and you know it, Mr. #PartyOverCountry!
"I don't believe that the Constitution was written so that you get everything you want and I get nothing.
What about Putin's actions in Ukraine and Moscow #CondemnPutinNow
Dude, you haven't seen insane. This is law abiding 1st amendment stuff. Keep pushing. It'll get insane...
No you let your anger get the best of you. Remember not all in attendance were Democrats. Can't have your way all the time, it's my way?????
We cannot support any appointee by a potentially illegitimate president. Must now wait for FBI investigation results.
that was Obama's position to fill and you took it from him.  This is NOT about liberals getting everything they want.
many others are hiding out like cowards e.g. @RepTomMacArthur Thanks for showing up Senator
You're right that it has nothing to do with Gorsuch. Opposition is entirely due to theft - of Garland's seat.
INVESTIGATE! You are very much the only Republican I respect. Your  comment, although I am a liberal, about abortion was very good (5months)
Not getting 60 plus votes until the independent Russian investigation is complete!  #StopScotusvote
With all due respect, doesn't matter what his qualifications are- it's a stolen seat. YOU and your party stole it.
Two words...Merrick Garland.
Short term memory or selective, did you forget about Merrick Garland?
listened to you. Masterful even when I (often) disagree
Senator Graham was respectful and listened to the angry crowds concerns.
Insane Senator? @LindseyGrahamSC @TPM. Trump should not b allowed to pick a Justice in his last year in office. That's the rule - Right?
I thought Graham loved America, can't have a treasonnist appointing a scotus, so wrong, ideology before country.
I do NOT support anyone that trump supports. What is happening with all the Russian ties in the White House?
U are a smart passionate American-Trump is Lucky 2 have that intelligence in his corner-Letting OBC implode brilliant
From the paid rioters?
Some want to ignore the Constitution,many thankfully do not, and appreciate your standing firm to #confirmgorsuch.
I agree with you on Gorsuch! But I am afraid we won't get rid of OB care! We can do better!
I would disagree with you on many issues but admire the courage and dedication in facing, unlike others, your constituents
Spars. Good, concise word. Of course, it means, "Was shouted down over his support of Trump". But that's not as pithy.
Nailed it. We need to come together for America.
I would love bipartisan support but how do you get behind someone under FBI investigation come on man
Just stop the current agenda, listen to your people. Supreme Court should be bottom of list.impeas
impeach first!!!!!!!
he should remember these folks will vote!!!!!!
is tpm the phantom menace
Saying Graham is courageous for having a town hall is like saying he's courageous for showing up to work.
Let me give you a clue.  It's not about qualifications.  It's about an ideologue who will vote lockstep for corp., etc
You have forgotten that you are in DC to represent your constituents, NOT to bring Party ideas back to constituents
your comments are insulting Lindsey! This is not partisanship. Until Russia is resolved, you're threatening democracy
"If you think only liberals only can get their nominees and conservatives can't, then you don't understand..." um.Garland?
conservative judge who is more pro corporations, and against people!!
Mr. Graham America understand well. They understand that you and your party are trying to rush through an ultra
You sure showed a lot of discipline senator. & I will vote for you in 20. & oh, the earth...it's flat.
Observed
if you don't think Trump was surveilled I question why you are on the intelligence committee for lack of intelligence
--Mr Graham, I'm sick & tired of your treasonous acts against the President! You have been given prove that the Obama
--administration did seville the Trump team during & after the election! Stop your damn lies & stop your treasonous acts
--against the President! Why don't you join the Dems, because you are not a GOP! You are a traitor & a person of lies!
business as usual cannot proceed until we know what's going on in wh
It is SICKENING what the Dems are doing to Goruch and I HOPE AND PRAY it shows in the POLL....AGAIN!
Anna?  What about what the GOP did to Garland?  Don't be so gullible and uneducated!
SCOTUS should be balanced not conservative or liberal This nominee could change the court for decades #VoteOutGraham
yes sir . Keep being a leader . We need one in Senate. Mitch M is not one . Right team?
Your People are telling you that they are not happy with your support of Gorsuch and you should be listening!!
Major credit for having a town hall. I don't agree with you but respect you
Not every non-republican is incapable of hearing men of good will. Many can put country before party, like you.
"Boo"=unqualified? No. YOU'RE not listening. Regardless of Dem/Rep, #Gorsuch=clear choice of corporate over citizens!
Well, good for you for posting it.
Fix the ACA's problems, don't try out of spite to make it fail.
Yes. Disappointed, Senator. Your job is to deliver the will of the people. The people have spoken. NO GORSUCH.
Senator. You would do well to remember that you were elected by & work for us. NO to Gorsuch for #SCOTUS #StopGorsuch
I haven't watched yet,but Americans from every side appreciate your honesty & integrity whether in agreement or not
YES. I love alternative facts!
Didn't u hear what majority told you in Nov 2016? Don't spit against the wind,white pants will become dirty.
listen to the people, Lindsey.
You were great and poised I have a new respect for you
.@LindseyGrahamSC @TPM It's only a start. 4 years is long time. There are recall elections. We just started to be angry at your hypocricy.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @TPM Your only chance to stay & save face is 2 vote with Dems for Americans, not against us.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @TPM Never support anyone who wants to be dictator. Stalin destroyed his supporters first. U r too dumb to learn.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @TPM shmuck! Trump will dump all of you one by one. Look at Judge Jeanine who he used to destroy Ryan. You next.
Till 2020 you will think about America, not your seat? Does it mean u will ruin whatever you manage in these 4 years?
He refused to listen to his constituents and was booed for it. He was also dismissive of the people he works for.
We the people are sick of the Gop and Dems not working together. Get your act together.
it's not a matter of HIS qualification. It's a matter of Trump being potentially a Russian agent. Postpone for now.
Graham only "spars" when defending Establishment goals or when the outcome is known to be a slam-dunk already.
I don't always agree with you, but respect you for meeting with your voters & constituency & advocating bipartisanship
As a liberal, I still respect you for putting your beliefs ahead of partisaniahip, even when I disagree with you.
LOVED the way you spoke to the Libs in audience. FINALLY someone giving them a taste of their own medicine!
Its crucial to understand that we have lost faith. Thus we do not want #45s 40 year pick on SCOTUS. Do you understand?
Mr. Graham- Silence is complicity. No more partisan decisions. Be the solution not the problem.
Graham is a RINO
Bitter Socialist continue to protest.  They don’t understand. Lost and confused.  Gorsuch will be confirmed.
I'm glad that you hold these and present civility. Unfortunately your ideals are dated and numbered.
start calling it The ACA. We know the party if racists can't keep a black man's name in it. You guys started that.
You should've given Garland a hearing before dismissing. He is a highly qualified candidate with GOP support. Sad!
you should be listening to your people. Fix Obamacare. Call it the ACA. Hillary and the Dems know what to do.
A Blessed Sunday Morning, Sen. Lindsey GRAHAM of South Carolina
you mean Garland's stolen seat! #Trumprussia should be '1' then #CORRUPTION
love it. About time Graham got thru his thick head the pple decide what they want not pork barrel politicians
#courage #leadership #theUSneedsyou #bestoftheSenate
I really respect that u continue to meet w constituents, even tho they yell at u and boo u. U give me hope for the R party
Why is everything conservative or liberal? What about the moderates?
Good to show up, but the fact that you'all put DJT in (as the best you had to offer) means you need to get him out!
first Merrick Garland. Re yr obstructionist past @BarackObama who was NOT under @FBI investigation? @OfficeGovEthics
there should be no confirmation of Gorsuch until Trump investigation is over. Pence can nom one but you must wait.
Focus on healthcare reform, Veterans for Seniors pays families to care for ill parents at home
Your seat will be saved if you insist on independent investigation of Trump/Russia- otherwise you'll be gone. Do your job.
stand strong for your party sir. You will then have my trust again. The Dems always stick together. We should too
no thanks!
no vote, no confirmation until Russia investigation.
there is nothing there! Hilarious

Two words for you sir -- Merrick Garland. Obviously you haven't been listening either.
Go back and watch Senator Graham in Gorsuch confirmation proceedings...he pays attention, he listened; he calls out the nonsense!!
confirming Gorsuch should be low on your list of priorities-your party is in disarray...no leadership to speak of.
it's their last chance to get something out of the trump presidency. #impeachment
no doubt---before the moving vans pull up in front of the White House
won't have to move much since the Trumps never really moved IN. #trumptower#nycisnewdc
.@LindseyGrahamSC Stay true to your promise to work with @TheDemocrats to IMPROVE #ACA rather than destroy coverage for so many!
yes please do keep screwing the working class so deadbeats can get free insurance
