@LindseyGrahamSC  you wouldn't let a vote on Pres Obama's nominee. Now youre crying about Dems? Double standard is real.
Agreed but O's pick would not have passed a full vote
even if that was the case, they should've at least given Garland the opportunity for a vote.
No argument from me on that point. The right thing to do was give the sitting pres the option. Scary precedence
Go trump
Just like yall couldnt accept Obama
"Hamilton is rolling over in his grave" because the Electoral College Failed and prevented a foriegn power from attacking our election.
@LindseyGrahamSC  Everything you just said here, holds true about republicans blocking Obama's appointee. #hypocrites @CNN
Merrick Garland....
May all Democrates who are not decent enough to vote on this Excellent choice Gorsuch sulk and thro tantrums all day!
You meant "Republicans" and "Garland" right? Or at least you MUST have felt the same way when GOP refused hearings for Garland, right?
It's about his rulings, not his qualifications that concerns the Dems.
@LindseyGrahamSC after the way you treated dems for 8 yrs you get the vapors over Gorsuch? Do you have a head injury?
8 years? Dems held it all the first two and the senate till the last two
And the repubs pissed, moaned, and obstructed through all of them
Not the first 2 ACA mean anything?
The ACA took over a year to pass with immediate Repub attacks after it did
So they were slow they still had the power
BS. What about when Republicans filibustered to keep Obama's appointee from being seated? Or anything else he tried to accomplish???
Terrorists? Really? What the hell is wrong with you?
How did we get here? Merrick Garland.
Lindsey Graham has a short term memory problem.  I am so sick of them everyone saying rolling over in their grave. The GOP started thid
And there you are playin' a clown to your audience of clowns!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC 'we are where we are' started 8 yrs ago when GOP refused to work with the other side, including a SCOTUS nom. Wake up
GOP pulls non-existent "rule" out of their ASS about not appointing a SCOTUS in election year, but President under FBI investigation? Sure!
Guess he is forgetting last year and what they did to pres Obama's nom...
"I'm not going to be a part of a Senate where Democrats get their Supreme Court Justice and Republicans never get theirs" WTF Is he kidding?

Hamilton rolled over in his grave 79 times between 2009 and 2013 when Republicans blocked that many nominees by filibuster.

@LindseyGrahamSC The people over the party when will this happen we didn't vote for one party's agenda, we voted for change where is it
@ChrisCuomo @wolfblitzer @jaketapper How soon they forget the GOP bullshit blocking Obamas policies. These people are utterly stupid!
they are stupid and think they we are as well
Lots more others need to roll over right now and stop playing red rover. We needy action not politicizing efforts for gain of 1, gain 4 all
No he's not, he's lecturing Pence from the stage.
Obama had been POTUS for over 7 years.  No scandals.  Won the popular & electoral.  But you did not give us our judge.  AH already rolled.
It was Obama's pick in the first place, Senator. You are being disingenuous here.
The GOP is not without blame here. They helped get to the very spot they're in.
Both sides are equally responsible for this mess. Actions have consequences...all actions. #MerrickGarland
@GOP politicized the Supreme Court last year. This is all on them. Anyway, Trump could be impeached any day now. Can't have a nom like that.
Hypocrisy at a radioactive level. Seriously. The Fukushima of hypocrisy. Garland is incredibly qualified, why isn't he on the bench, huh?
@LindseyGrahamSC both parties need 2 stop the childish dick waving contest & Govern as bipartisan congress as founding fathers intended
Listening to Graham gush over gorsuch in these hearings is nauseating. Marry the guy already and shut up.
Good just what you did to Obamas nominee
And the law has you voting to appoint them. Gorsuch doesn't have the votes, pick a new candidate.
@LindseyGrahamSC are u serous u do not want to b in a senate where dems get their judges 1word Garland take ur ball and go home exrepublican
These privileged white men won't talk about Trump's conversation with Putin offering our armed services to Putin
You're sorry we got here? Does that mean you're apologizing to the American people for abdicating your duty when denying Garland a hearing?
Obama got us here.
Hamilton is rolling over in his grave ...because Gorsuch  has the support of only one party. If confirmed, he'll be the first.
Democrats should have got that seat and they know it! This is so frustrating!
The Senate will waste a week as the Democrats make a show against a forgone outcome. Time that could be spent working on taxes, healthcare..
Schumer will obstruct to force @GOP to use nuclear option so he can feign shock & dismay while playing martyr. @CNN will run clip to death
Republicans are babies. Dish it out but can't take it.
Harry Reid invented the Nuke, now shoot it back at them. Nuke them on Friday.. then move on to tax reform...
These guys kill me..look in the mirror. Amnesia is not an Good for someone in power. Just replace Merrick Garland for Gorsuch and play
Why did you not give Merrick Garland the opportunity last year? Was he not qualified?
And hypocritical GOP is responsible, wholly responsible for getting us to this point.
Posturing is not going to get the GOP anywhere on this issue!!
Sen. Lindsey Graham, Hamilton rolled over in his grave when you nominated @realDonaldTrump much less when you ele ted him
if u didn't know dems would be against everything trump does ur idiots to
Maybe if "your" party would look out for the best interests of the people, we wouldn't have so much to be outraged about
@LindseyGrahamSC you just made very clear where your partisan loyalty lies. Republican Party over the American people right?!?!?
Remind me again how it is repubs were able to nominate someone in the first place...I'll wait 
Is he 'effing kidding me? Democrats get their judges my ass...they wouldn't even give Merrick Garland a hearing!

@LindseyGrahamSC Hypocrisy runs deep in the GOP
@LindseyGrahamSC Yes, he is because Trump and Steve Bannon have control of the country. Step up Congress.
So then put a stop to it! You don't have to be a sheep!
You blocked the Dems nominee for political reasons & with the trainwreck going on in the Whitehouse how can we trust anyone Trump supports.
#stolenseat The GOP started this.
We are in a "nuclear" situation because Republicans blocked the legal nomination of Garland. Now they want to act all upset at Dems?
Hamilton started his roll a year ago
Like last year. He already rolled over once at least.
Sen Graham beware all Founding Fathers started rolling in their graves at Pres Obama's inauguration when GOP's name became obstruction.
Because the Republicans won't buck their CEO!
Trump calls judges "So called judges". So what are you thanking him for? He really had no respect for them, only himself.
Why didn't you say something when President OBAMA'S pick could even get a hearing. HYPOCRITES & CRY BABIES. ELEMENTARY MY DEAR WATSON! DLYAM
These republicans need 2 stop referencing previous PRESIDENTS who knew nothing of cell phones or Twitter NO Excuses for DT running ROUGHSHOD
Ain't no fun when the rabbit has the gun!
@LindseyGrahamSC There are no innocents in this debacle, least of all the @SenateGOP who are hypocrites following Garland.
Merrick Garland .... ring any bells?? Only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core
Lindsey pretends to be decent but is still a crappie Republican with no soul.
and Barack Obama couldn't have chosen a better person. In fact his choice was an excellent one. Keep that in mind.
Merrick Garland
They got here because republicans were dicks & garland didn't get hearing even tho he was qualified. Let's own up to decisions a year ago
what a bunch of #^%*& 2 faced hypocrites...when the dems offered their choice not even a vote......
Please vote NO to change the senate rules!
Merrick Garland
Sen.Lindsey pick another Candidate!Stupid Ditch Mitch pushed Democrats into a Corner!Try 2 get back 2 Bi-Partison!Mitch insulted Dems!
I have a tough time believing Hamilton Camp ever really cared who was on the Supreme Court...
@LindseyGrahamSC sorry but no, #Alexander #Hamilton is proud that the Democrats are standing up for what's best for our country.
Hypocrisy of the first order. @LindseyGrahamSC
Thank you from your Great State...South Carolina! We've had enough of the Dems childish stalling tactics.  #MAGA.
It's like 8 years never happened
For everyone saying Garland, why bring it to a vote just to vote them down or are you saying anyone the president picks should pass?
ever heard of Merrick Garland?
He's been rolling since Jan 6th when Electoral College didn't do what he designed it to do either!

2018
So POTUS has a right to appoint SCOTUS nominees, huh? Guess it only counts when POTUS is Republican/white. #hypocrites
The US has survived an entire year with a SC vacancy...POTUS is under FBI investigation for ties to Russia...this vote can't wait? #SCOTUS
He has been rolling over since the musical of Hamilton debuted
Maybe he should have reconsidered blocking the consideration of Merrick Garland.
Yes...Hamilton is rolling over because Trump ...a phony, corrupt blowhard is President. Lol @LindseyGrahamSC
He is wrong on this. Hard to swallow your own medicine eh Lindsey?
Bullshit. You are not at all sorry. What about what you did to Merrick Garland?
You have got to be kidding me. They just blocked our last president from picking his judge. And now you're of the same thing happening to u.
Hey, Lindsey! You helped to get us here. And you are also blocking the release of Trump's tax returns. 

LINDSEY GRAHAM = CORRUPTION
Burn those loser dems that don't put America first#smallmindedidiots

Trump was not voted into office in a fair and honest election.  He is not the President and cannot pick a Supreme Court Judge
Politics at it best . . . GOP countering Dem failed strategy of Object, Obstruct, Resist and Persist.
No SCOTUS pick for Trump unless he is cleared in the Russian connection investigation.  An impeached president should not get a pick.
Conservative party= #tinypenisesyndrome
IS THAT TRUE, or DID YOU HEAR IT ON NN?
Enjoy the next four year snowflakes, he's getting in regardless of your opposition.
I truly hope Dems filibuster SCOTUS. Add to devastating loss and push more independents to the right. He will be confirmed.TY Harry Reed 
Men or mice??
Have you guys heard the news about Susan Rice?
Graham, retire
@thehill @nytimes @BostonGlobe @MSNBC @amNewYork >  @SenateGOP  We are here because of the constant lying & corruption of our GOP LAWMAKERS!
I never thought I would agree with ANYTHING trump says... but he told the truth when he said career politicians must go!  #Corrupt
Are these people this clueless? #remembergarland
He turned in his grave when you denied Merrick Garland his hearing.
You did not give Garland a vote so no you deseve what you get!!!
Lindsey, so quickly you forget.  Obama won (TWICE), yet you refused to even give his Supreme Court nominee a hearing!
But you will be a part of a senate in which a moderate won't even get a meeting, let alone a hearing or a vote?
#puttingcitizenslast
In other words: "I can help stop this but I choose not to".
you got there because of how you treated Garland!!! #hypocrites
Turn off the lights the party is over!
Is he serious, how can he say that with a straight face? Oo
Hamilton started rolling when republicans denied hearings to Garland, ignoring the constitutional right of a president to appoint a SCOTUS
#Judge Garland???
@TrueCharter democrats keep PROVING they are serving themselves and not the people
And the Barrow Gang are rolling in their graves because at least they ADMIT they robbed banks.
No, he was rolling his grave when the senate refuse to even meet with Garland Merrick @LindseyGrahamSC
We will remember this on 2018.
@CNN
If he is, he's been rolling for over a year after the stunt you all pulled last year by blocking President Obama's nominee.
Just as they gave Garland a vote.
At least Gorsuch had a hearing! Obama's nominee was not even granted that! Double standards don't work. Shame!
SO IS REAGAN
u hypocrite the morons in the GOP didn't even have the courtesy to give Merick Garland a hearing!!!!!I will never vote for u again!!!!!
WeAreWhereWeAre w/ a D Party ruled by ideology which can't accept TheyLost! StreetFighters who will RueTheDay There's over 3 yrs ahead #MAGA
who's fault is it...
Democrate don't "always get their judges!' The republicans wouldn't even give Obama's nominee a hearing. Now take some of your own medicine!
Lindsey, let me offer u some free advice. Talk less. That's it.
Boy it must really gall the @GOP that this country had a Black man for president since they are trying to repeal everything he did.
What goes around comes around. You are a sad bunch
Yup just change the rules to benefit yourselves that's why laws were put in place! Now you want to change the laws #no respect
Just make them up as we go.
Funny how the @GOP is now complaining about the Dems when they came out and refused to even meet with Obama's nominee. 1/2
Correct me if I'm wrong but didn't the republicans campaign on blocking Clinton SCOTUS pick if elected president?
@LindseyGrahamSC Changing to majority vote for a lifetime #SCOTUS app? A bar far too low for #justice & for our #democracy.
But not to low for all other picks by a president?
Roy, it's too low for Senate decision-making regardless of who's in the majority.
So the Dems were good when they did the first one?
No!!!   I don't accept anything this orange clown and all of you crooks do!  Shame shame shame on all of you!
@LindseyGrahamSC If winning the White House means the privilege to appoint to SC, then why didn't y'all let Obama??
What a bunch of hypocrites   Have they forgotten Obamas pick that they wouldn't even give a hearing to.
Time for Republicans to be the adults but they don't know how.
We finally are at a point where the government no longer is an institution for the People, but exclusively for the rich. No rules are rule.
Sorry?  You can fix it before it is too late. Destroying trust is not inevitable. You personally could fix it don't fake crocodile tears
@LindseyGrahamSC GOP loves a filibuster until it's used against them
Two words, Mr Graham: Merrick Garland.
just think Lindsey, if you would have voted on Garland, wouldn't even be here and Hamilton would be just fine.
he rolled over in his grave last year when you would not allow the president to appoint someone to the Supreme Court. Straight hypocrisy.
merrick garland
@LindseyGrahamSC The Founding Fathers are rolling over in their graves because of your treatment of Judge Garland. Hypocrite.
Graham a pathetic joke and should be ashamed of himself for such ridiculous comments given the GOP behavior the past 5 years... despicable
"The Graham Rule" requires 60-votes from both parties for SCOTUS nominees, per Lindsey Graham himself.
This is not about losing - it is about getting right person in the job - what are they not getting?? Like Schumer said - change the nom!
I guess Hamilton didn't roll over when the seat was stolen from Obama 
Lindsey Grahams comments are laughable. Where was this logic when President Obama nominated Garland and the GOP would not even consider...
@LindseyGrahamSC The name Merrick Garland ring a bell?  Republicans wrote the playbook. You have to play by your own rules now.
What would Jefferson be saying about what you did to the Constitution? Vetted by Federalist Society - do you listen to your constitutes?
