He is a great choice made by President Trump and don't YOU or MCCAIN forget that
Graham is a patriot and McCain a war hero.  Trump is a cowardly draft dodger with no expertise.
Charles U need meds as does your master!he couldn't care less about U or USA,he is driven by personal profits!
Wake up, Open your eyes. Walking around blind can be harmful
love the flag and eagle!better for you to read some history and newspapers rather than internet news
o watch news always, the only news there is,, ( FOX NEWS )
check and check mate! Sucker! Ever read a real newspaper?just watch the pimps who use you everyday!!
honestly, Do u really believe that a news paper cant/ dont lie.
U are watching a tabloid for tv developed by Murdoch and $ hungry pimp riger ailes,O'reiley and Sean!
mr. Graham. Ty for speaking out re: trump. He is making an ass if himself at cpac. we can't stand for this. 
if you don't repeal and replace Obamacare, we  will replace you.
seems like the #whcoverup is already in. The Russians are more active than terrorists in the US today. No patriots in power
Trump's Russia connection--and Felix Sater--keep coming up. @TimOBrien has context http://bv.ms/2lGPW1Z  via @BV
what side are you really on, please work for the people that put you in office. Never again.
This is great. However let's repeal Obamacare. Put something on POTUS' desk to sign already!!!
. Can you help. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) backs off Trump Russia investagtion.
#Burr and #Nunes Clearly not legal in any way! It is up to you to save Democracy
.  Still waiting for you to schedule Town Hall meeting
Senator Graham, you are realizing that POTUS knows what Americans want- more important what than any Senator wants!
#MAGA !!! Go Trump !!! You Mr.Graham are a huge piece of steaming dog shit 
Hope u haven't forgotten about the Trump/Russia investigation. We haven't.
good call. Unfortunately, it doesn't make up for supporting Betsy DeVos- registered SC voter
One week before European trip, Bannon said the opposite to a German diplomat.
He said that the US is moving towards nationalism and pan-European model will be eradicated.
Why is this Nazi still in the White House?????
Whatevs. Seriously. He's GOT to GO. It's NOT sour grapes; Trump's CLEARLY incompetent and may be dangerous. #impeachTrump.
and as an active service member he could not say no to the commander in chief.
When are you coming home for a town hall? Your constituents want to see you in person & hear why you won't listen to us!
Having your blessing makes me feel he has made a mistake !! You sir are the enemy of the forgotten people
Hi @LindseyGrahamSC I'm Jules and I endorse this message.
Thank you for you statement.
KUDOS http://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/lindsey-graham-free-press-judiciary-235193 …
Let the healing begin! /s
if somebody visited you in your home and lied as obviously as Trump does you would sneak out,call the guys in white coats
the future of the US rests on the shoulders if you and your Republican colleagues.
there is strength in numbers. Let's not have a dictatorship in the US and an incompetent dictator at that.
I am disappointed that you haven't been more forceful. Get your colleagues on board before it's too late and CALL HIM OUT!
you need to speak more forcfully about his dissembling. This is your country too. I am your constituent.
and if he neutered msm as is his objective he will be disempowering congress' credibility as well.
You are a traitor to the voters of SC
unfortunately people no longer trust msm. Very dangerous. Not a partisan issue. Watch out.He is going to neuter msm
I agree.On another subject Trumps attacks on msm are very dangerous.He is making himself the arbiter of truth and he lies.
I haven't voted Repub for POTUS since Ford. (Because my dad did.) For me, you would be the exception. Run again Lindsey!
now why don't you break away from John McCain, and go to the Oval Office and sit with @POTUS and become part of solution
Nobody cares what you think of President Donald J. Trumps cabinet picks. Your endorsement is irrelevant. #TermLimits #MAGA
I really wish you would come home to SC and face your constituents in some Town Hall Meetings.
Translation:  Had to find someone on active duty who could not say no without resigning his commission.
That statement is fine, but how about getting on board to support the Trump Presidency instead of undermining when you can?
Great statement.I just hope and pray that you will help President Trump.And not join Senator Mccain in trying to hurt him.
let's focus on Russia/Trump ties. Please demand full investigation!
25th amendment section 4. You must do this asap.#MikePence is a better man for our country. America deserves  better.Please
who is Dmytro Vasylovych Firtash
#traitor
#resign #RINO
OK...
Mitch McConnell, James Comey, others intentionally aided and abetted foreign aggression against American democracy. http://crooksandliars.com/2016/12/mitch-mcconnell-squelched-disclosure …
this is great news ! Now time to step up and get Bannon out of the national security council.
note Senator that McMaster is a full 4 star General and still on active military service.
The Trump admin froze funds on rail expansion. Another campaign lie. Who's paying for the wall again? Right-the taxpayer
You have had nothing but lies for 8 yrs, Time to open your eyes to the truth. ( YOUR BLIND )
If he is ok with u he is ok with me.
pls stop ignoring the obvious and stand up against the amoral, irresponsible man-child in the White House. Do your job.
Face your constituents! Hold a townhall. Take responsibility for your actions. #resist #stoppartypolitics
grow a back bone, stop all the talk, be a leader. Investigate! Save the west!
McCain is a traitor!!
FOR YOUR INFO. KNOWONE CAN READ THE SMALL PRINT ON CELL PHONE
we don't care lindsey
but where are you and why no town hall meetings?
I doubt trump had anything to do with choosing him. He's planning next rally with milo
but still no statement on the homegrown Terrorist McDowell!
He'd better be allowed to remove that creep Bannon.
nice to see you got the ok from McCain to approve the appointment.
stand strong against the lies of 45. He is dangerous!
fine as far as it goes.As we know,secy & others are held by banin & trump in check!yr comm must give immunity to get facts
Even a blind hog finds an acorn now and then.
you represent a party whose agenda is White Nationalism
. I left out that it was you whom he thought would be best.#bias#Graham4Pres#staystrongsir

you're hiding behind veterans again  why did you vote for Iraq and no on increasing veteran support https://votesmart.org/bill/3698/9025/21992/health-care-for-veterans-amendment#.WKt82zsrKUk …
neocon confirmed
McMaster is the latest sellout to disgrace his uniform and his country
. Sir i agree with Col.Peters I'm in aww with your military service as well as time spent not to mention vast knowledge.
Feeling real good about national security.
Yeah back President Trump. We like his ideas and what he wants to do to make America Great Again!
The question is "Will the "cheeto pervert" listen to #GenMcMaster
President Trump is so glad you approve!
Lindsey Graham, we could care less what you think.
@LindseyGrahamSC
Why don't you and @SenJohnMcCain just ride off in the fallout ?
Yes! Sen. Lindsey GRAHAM, Thank You! for your tweet posted, the same as for Sen.John McCain; This President's Day
We don't care what your Opinion is or need your OK on anyone OUR @POTUS picks , #irrelevant
Let's hope the President will listen to the good people in his administration, and not make them just window dressing.
That great but he not serving u He serving his Pres and your Pres Trump  about time u face that u lost plus also lost SC
at some point we must defend our nation solid choice let's see more of your smiling face Senator
INVESTIGATE THIS ADMINISTRATION NOW !
please force an independent hearing with @SenJohnMcCain  Americans demand the answers on Russian ties to Trump
why so nervous about an investigation If he had nothing to hide
nobody remembers obama speaking on open mic to help Russia after his reelection
Please ensure that freedom of religion and freedom of the press are not partisan issues. Investigate 45's ties to Russia.
Agreed but he can just serve the Nation...forget about serving Trump! Also I want him to insist Bannon's off the team.
serving Trump and our nation well are two different things
Great, we have a competent NSC advisor for a President that is owned by Putin. The GOP has abandoned western ideals.
"Owned by Putin"
You're forgetting @BarackObama's 'position' with #Putin ?
Relieved to read your opinion, as that is a challenging job to say the least.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @noonanjo He's only as good as his influence over Cheeto Benito. If he is constantly overruled by Bannon, we lose.
They all pretend like Bannon isn't the elephant in the room.
I am surprised anyone is willing to work for this group of unqualified, amoral clowns.
He has no choice as an active service member. Can not say no to commander in chief!
#panzie
no offense, but if @realDonaldTrump nominated his morning shit, you would approve it. Remember #BetsyDeVos  #NotMyPresident
Let's hope @realDonaldTrump @POTUS listens to him and not #PresidentBannon!
#HRPufnstuf #LiveActionPuppetLeadership #WarIsARacket #MajGenSmedleyButler
