Sen. Tim Scott says Trump’s “moral authority is compromised” https://news.vice.com/story/tim-scott-trump-charlottesville-race …

VICE News Tonight, 7:30 on @HBO 
You both suck for supporting Trump.

I'm a SC resident. you need to resign. in any event you can rest assured this is your last term..at least as a RINO..convert to a D traitor
Trump isn't a republican. He's an authoritarian and a narcissist putting his ego ahead of the good of the country.
That sounds like a description of Obama. And I'm guessing you had no issue with him for 8 years. #MAGA
So y'all trying to get this impeachment process started or naw?
Mueller is the one you should be yapping at. Have to have a crime before you can impeach.
Dude. It was literally a joke lol Next time, I'll make sure I use my sarcasm font so as to avoid these situations in the future.
You're going to have to use that font. Impeach Trump basically Trends everyday. There is no way to tell if somebody's joking. Sorry man
You Sir are a disgrace  and so we s Tim Scott! All of you Rinos will be Voted out!
No it isn't Linsey Graham is
Sens Graham & Scott support anti-Constitution, anti-American #ANTIFA, and their anti-free speech stance. Both must be voted out.
We'll see. Words are appreciated but useless without action.
You make me sick Scott.
Where does your moral authority fall? Are you going to stand strong and with President Trump when antifa comes to destroy Fort Sumpter?
Lindsey Graham A Coward who won't stand up to A Cowardly Racist Lunatic. You should be so proud.
How about you two little boys grow a pair and have the courage to stand up to evil coming from the left. Oh, that's right. You are the left.
the way you treated Obama? You can go straight to hell Lindsay
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/formally-recognize-antifa-terrorist-organization-0 …
Tim Scott is NOT being a strong voice for SC if he doesn't support Pres. Trump and the people of SC.  DO NOT VOTE TO CENSURE!!!
http://yournewswire.com/wikileaks-clinton-bribed-6-republicans/amp/ …
Too bad you can't say that you are a good man Lindsay. This is your legacy now. Traitor, Benedict Arnold, Judas
Mr. Trump is his own worst enemy.
Why is it that you Never Trumpers NEVER call out ANTIFA or Black Lives Matter? You think you are fooling us but you are not.
Both of you need to be as loud denouncing BLM & antifa as you are Trump. They are racist hate groups as much as the kkk is.
Get on board with our awesome President Trump or step down now as we don't need traitors with an agenda of Democrap resistance! DISGRACEFUL!
I HEARD HIM, SOUNDS GOOD, BUT HOW AUTHENTICS IS IT? SOME REPUBLICANS ARE IN THE LEFT SIDE OF THE LAW, WE WANT A WALL, NO MORE ABORTIONS PAID
Another one who needs to remember to vote republican!!
So you guys are working on removing Trump from office now, right?
You disgraceful Republicans need to step down as we need true Republicans who are going to pass Trump's agenda for we the American people!
Why have you and @timscott not vehemently condemn Altifa and Black Lives Matter?  Many, many folks are experiencing the wrath of racism
Documents signed by Mentally Unstable ppl R
NON BINDING. TRUMP's dementia symptoms R growing. It's your Const. DUTY to pursue Medical REVIEW
Sen Scott talks about moral authority, as do you, yet you both refuse to denounce THIS. Shame on you.
The American People support our Great President Trump. When you undermine him you are also undermining the American People.
you don't have any say in this racist.
Uh.....    Absolutely bull$hit!
Are you jerks watching TV NOW?THE PROTESTERS WE'RE BLM AND ANTIFIA SO LET'S SEE YOU DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! TRUMP AS RIGHT AGAIN
How much longer are you going to let this travesty known as Trump continue.  Beautiful day in Boston...have to listen to Nazis spewing HATE
Tim mind your Alliances.
Graham and Scott, great at criticizing President Trump, but not a tweet about the elected lunatic calling for his assassination--hypocrites!
Every sane, intelligent human being knew that years ago! You get a gold star and a plastic trophy for finally figuring it out.
Guess Tim, Lindsey and Joe need to go. I have never voted democrat but we are starting the anti-Lindsey movement for lack of Trump support.

Turncoats:  RYAN. McCAIN. GRAHAM. JEB BUSH. CARLY FIORINA. JOHN KASICH.  #VoteThemOUT https://twitter.com/teddbexar/status/898913130658414592 …
I sure hope @LindseyGrahamSC gets voted out.
You are Republican, act like one!  Stop buying in to the Progressive Left's cultish group think.
You all need to get busy or you will be voted out. A bunch of lame ducks.
I I don't like him at all any longer. Your Republicans Senators sit on your butt and don't do anything. The Dems are ruining our History.
Lindsey Graham is an old worn out disgusting fool.
Graham needs to keep his disloyal mouth shut.
Who died and made you all JUDGE, JURY & EXECUTIONER? Even the evil men couldn't cast the first stone. You all are not exactly sinless. JESUS
You knew but tax cuts !!! Did you what France did ?! That's what it looks like #countryoverparty
The 2 of you have subverted the policies we voted for in Nov. The 2 of you will paying dearly at the ballot box. You both make me sick.
What moral authority?  A man without ethics or a moral compass has no moral authority.
Here's our Potus receiving an award with regards to non descrimnation
Literally just a picture of Donald Trump receiving an award with Rosa Parks, and Muhammad Ali 
Why have YOU not called for SenMaria Chappell-Nadal's resignation after she called for President Trump to be MURDERED? YOU support MURDER?
So is yours. Why can't you call out Antifa or BLM? You are just as bad...
Congrats DNC, Never Trumpers, & Media I Present Your New Base
" ANTIFA" May You Be Joined To This Filth For Eternity #FlashbackFriday 
Its nice to see the beginnings of integrity and hopefully accountability. Now waiting for action. About time...
https://twitter.com/femalesfortrump/status/895214228424077312 …
Go ahead and try to impeach and see what happens.
Agreed, but what happens now?  Trump's moral authority is compromised.
Unfortunately, too little too late for those of us who are DONE with the GOP. Palin was the beginning & Trump is the nail in the coffin.
WHO WANTED TO TAKE HEALTH CARE AWAY FROM US
This is the 2nd GOP senator to use trigger words toward impeachment. Senate should be in an emergency session!
Please invoke 25th amendment. Trump does not believe in equality for all and is dividing our nation.
So by not condemning ANTFIA Mr. Graham you must be indicating that you support their actions. Why don't you condemn ANTIFA HHHMMM?
Tim Scott and Lindsey Graham Traitors. You ARE the swamp.
Lie for your own personal gain. Shame.
Thank you, Senator Graham, for putting our nation ahead of your party.
https://twitter.com/ten_gop/status/898393491633471488 …
Sir,it took a great deal of strength and character to identify the chaotic pain,  death, injury and ugliness in Charlottesville to the world
Thank you Senator Graham & @SenatorTimScott for speaking out against the President as well. Well done & much appreciated.
His strong voice was weak in criticizing the president and standing up for what is right.
25th Amendment
Trump's moral authority has been compromised all along. Until now @GOP responded by lowering the bar. Actual Nazis & murder => GOP outrage.
No Lindsey & Tim, YOU have lost our respect by attacking our hero @POTUS. He has been right on this subject. You don't get it.
I honestly don't know how POTUS keeps going with you lazy bunch - do your job and stop whining.  Healthcare, Tax Reform, Infrastructure.
Keep kicking him while he's down ... great supporter ... NOT
Yes & N these times it is always heartfelt to hear such historical remarks stated by such a distinguished gentleman. We need more like him

The difference between Pres. Trump and Congress is 65million+ voters who are supporting him & what he's doing. Who in Congress can say that? 
Absolutely
My. Graham, I like you. I am a REP from NY (Dems are minority here-can't do much). Please get this psych out of the WH. He is a problem.
For your enjoyment:    http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/political-courage-ceos-politicians_us_5996e6c4e4b0a2608a6bc5c5?section=us_contributor …

"I don't think using force or violence to oppose them is unethical." Antifa activists on fighting the far right: http://nyti.ms/2uXgTja 
Wld U do biz w/45? Honestly? Then why Trust him w/our demcrcy? @SenJohnMcCain @SenBobCorker @marcorubio @SenateMajLdr @SenatorBurr @tedcruz
Good to know. We'll re-elect him and throw your ass out
The GOP needs to unite to contain Trump's damage & get strategist Steve Bannon out of the White House. Lincoln must be weeping.
While @realdonaldtrump moves backward, SC moves forward. Congrats!  Perhaps Donald can have a #confedstatueparkatmaralago
If you don't pray for OUR POTUS every day - you both have nothing to say. Period. Stop the in house fighting and get to work helping POTUS.
@votetimscott - So ur a "perfect" moral human being? Go ahead and cast 1st stone. Go ahead Mr self righteous one. So you pray4Potus everyDay
Both @LindseyGrahamSC and @votetimscott need to resign. They aren't listening to their constituents- in it for political gain. Shame on both
Have you hugged a commie today RINO.
So when are you going to IMPEACH him? And what about Pence? He's agreeing with Trump, making him racist as well. #ImpeachTrumpPence #nazis
Nice say it publicly and destroy your party and agenda rather than to the Pres. face.  Oh I forgot your a politician.  Who care about agenda
Trump never changed; however, the RINOS certainly have. i.e. healthcare. Btwn RINOS & leadership who r also RINOS, we're doomed.

@vicenews @HBO This whole administration is a sham, a horrible accident due to incalculable impact of events
bullshit ... How about THESE RACISTS ?? You got any CONDEMNATION for them ?? I'm hearing crickets
You do nothing and now want to help brand anybody that supports Trump a Nazi ...This is all part of the deep state coup
https://twitter.com/tellitl27829622/status/898512148841644036 …

DO YOUR JOB #ImpeachTrumpNow He is a a danger to the world @GOP is complicit SAVE democracy!
You are a traitor to the people of SC!!!  Vote him out!!!!
I have a solution to this issue get with @POTUS have him set up a bipartisan commission to study what should be removed a merit based system
Find true scholars and include all parties that are not hate driven that way we have a guideline on what is ok you guys will end the debate.
@SenatorTimScott and the rest of the dishonest politicians.....STOP WITH DIVISIVE COMMENTS AND LOOK IN THE MIRROR. Division NOT Healing!
How about getting the rest of your party to grow a spine and call out @realDonaldTrump @POTUS for his incompetence?

The difference between Pres. Trump and Congress is 65million+ voters who are supporting him & what he's doing. Who in Congress can say that? 
Careful @LindseyGrahamSC, or @POTUS will "call you out" on @Twitter again! @votetimscott too! What a joke we've all become, world laughing.
Really hope they actually Drain the Swamp... both of you do NOT represent the people.  I see the corruption more than ever now...
In 1978 an American Nazi group planned to march through the streets of Skokie IL, a predominantly Jewish community in the Chicago area. 1/3
The press asked Carter if he intended to use the moral weight of his office to try to discourage marches of the type planned for Skokie. 2/3
President Carter's answer:

"I don't have any inclination to intercede further. I think it's best to leave it in the hands of the court."3/3
Get 45 out- he spreads and makes up lies he WANTS citizens to think are facts. YOU can stop him. Please.
#Rent-A-Thug #ANTIFA #BLM
Sad that we can't say the same of you.
It's 2017 so why don't you just come out of the closet?
Be proud of what you are and stop bashing our president.
"Words, words, words, I'm so sick of words."

Until you act, what you say has no value.
https://twitter.com/YourRacingBelle/status/897620179160633344 … Please don't let this happen in America.
Okay, one last thread. And then I'm watching Gilmore Girls. Idk what they're teaching about Nazis in school these days but here goes...

You're BOTH POS trying to pull @POTUS down #SorosSelloutGraham
Assuming he ever had a moral voice
All of you will soon be voted out.U can try to get Trump but you all will pay the price.Get new republicans in.Start a movement
Anyone you like must be bad for americans
Really.Obama a black man in office ,8years and never removed a confederate statue.WHY???
WHY NOW..TO TRY TO GET TRUMP.WONT HAPPEN.
Mr Graham maybe you can practice immigration law when you lose your Senate Seat / just a kindly suggestion considering your views
#Resign #25thAmendment #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow   #TrumpRussia  #Charlottesville BEGGING @GOP #MAGA #DoSomethingGOP ......
 #TheResistance
Glad SenGraham is standing up against racism n #Trump. Americans need all of GOP 2 publicly stand against #Trump nhis white supremacy groups
Thank you for standing tall. Character is everything.
All do respect but grow up and shut up! Support your president.
Be sure and keep your eye on the prize NOT about statues, it's about Trumps empathy with NAZI beliefs.
Mr Graham have you updated your resume to indicate "former Senator from South Carolina "? You might want to get on top of that.
How about:
University ‘anti-fascist’ group justifies violence and vandalism against peers – TheBlaze
You should be familiar...this is Clemson. Upstate Antifa...aren't you from the upstate?
Enough words. Use your votes! Impeachment Now!
& Tik Scott is not a good man . He like yourself is taking a PR advantage to promote yourself at the expense of the Pres!
If Lindsey Graham says Scott is a good man...Wait, what??Graham has voted in lockstep (goose-step) with tRump & GOP since election.No thanks
Maybe he's seen the 
Disgusting #globalist #antiAmerican #racebaiter #racist tools. Don't you have sewers to slither into?? If you're not #Indigenous LEAVE!
The President's statement was morally fine for millions of Americans. @LindseyGrahamSC how about going to work?
Impeach now
Where is your outrage at your colleague who promotes the assasanation of our President. Where is your voice now !
I'm going to sit here and wait on your response to your colleagues like..
-Lindsey, don't you get tired of climbing back &forth over that fence? Trumps bad, but, I support his agenda
"Every now and then, when it's convenient." You left that part out.
It's time you stop talking the high moral ground, and act. The POTUS is a toxic grenade at this point. #GOPOwnsThis #DoSomethingGOP
Oh please. Tim Scott was one of Trump's loudest supporters, until someone died.
COMPLICIT is the word you want, Lindsey.
@SenateGOP SO WHEN ARE GUY GUYS GOING TO MAN UP AND GET HIM OUT OF THE WH
Welcome to the temple of illuminati, join the illuminati today and became Rich and powerful in the world.
Moral authority compromised how by saying both sides have violent acts and speech well   Maria Chappelle-Nadal proved him right.

@votetimscott & @LindseyGrahamSC - trying to figure out which way the wind is blowing? Morals don't change with polls; Trump hasn't changed
More lip service? Will you support Congressman Cohen's Articles of Impeachment if they make it to Senate? Time to ACT & #ImpeachTrump!
Real in his care, sacrifice and love for country and the American people. So stop falsely accusing him.
It's so unfair and unjust to do that to any human being let alone our president. We the people voted for him cos we saw he is authentic and
Life. It's not gonna change just because he became president. Don't twist his words and keep misrepresenting him for every small details.
And Our dear Mr. President is a good, compassionate, honest man and a patriot. He is not and has never been a racist. No hx of it all his
I can't believe I have voted for you over and over and you have stabbed South Carolina in the back-and turn your back on America

HEY, GOP ANTI-TRUMPERS! If You Ever Try To Get Rid Of @POTUS TRUMP, You're Going To Have To Deal With Us65 Million of US!#deepstatecoup 
Oh yeah, right #2FacedLindseyGraham, we really trust your judgment. NOT!!!
What has he actually done for SC?
Couldnt beat him b4. Now it's just your job to impead any progress? You're toast

I'm not a  citizen,i'm a citizen of the +beg u and ur party 2 do what's good for u,ur country+the rest of the,#ImpeachTrump now!

Too complicit for too long. You are supposed to see the BS before it turns into a full diaper.
Dear Mr. Graham, I am not a republican but I want to thank you for having the guts to stand up to Trump for the good of the nation.
Compromised? Where have you all been? He never had any.  U all thought u could use him to sign anything. Instead  45 has destroyed rep party
