Survival of the human race is a pro America deal. Any decisions that keep us out of the Paris accord are strictly anti America and pro human extinction. Trump already proved he only says prayers to Satan, and you're determined to prove you do too.
Having clean air&water, slowing sea level rise, & reducing conditions that lead to massive weather events IS good for US business…
…We should invest in #GreenEnergy so that we can compete in the economy of the future! Wind on coasts and plains. Solar in desert SW…
…Economics101: As supplies of nonrenewable sources dwindle, prices will rise.
Invest in #RenewableEnergy to keep up w/growing global demand!
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: I support President Trump’s desire to re-enter the Paris Accord after the agreement becomes a bette...
We need Tax Reform and medical insurance. Support our President agenda
Instead of being reviled as a menace to the planet, Donald Trump should be praised for sparing the world a needless economic calamity.
@realDonaldTrump We don't like you or support you period. You're a Judas
I don't support redistribution of US wealth. Period! Never be a good deal for US. Even if POTUS renegotiates we'll get cheated down the road
I do not support any part of the Paris (CIA Money) Agreement
@realDonaldTrump Graham you are two face....
US Business & Agricultural Interests will be much better served when Commodities, are priced in Roubles, Reminbi/Yuan, & Euros! #winning
So US will have no voice in the Paris Accord Deal worked out by China, Russia, & the EU? Wonder what that's going to look like?
SURE YOU WOULD! 9000 SCIENTISTS/METEOROLOGISTS SIGNED PETITIONS THAT SAID CLIMATE CONTROL WAS ALL BS AND NONSENSE.LOOK IT UP
I don't agree with it at all. You guys are just stealing tax dollars with this fake climate change, putting Americans out work!

Trump's cabinet offers a postgraduate-level course in ass-kissing.

The demonstration began after today's announcement. People are concerned about the lack of US leadership jeopardizing the whole planet. 
You mean a better deal for continued Corporate pollution? In that case, you’re right.
Don't enter that globalist agenda 2 control America keep ur good legacy stay out
U SHOULD HAVE BEEN SUPPORTING POTUS ALL THE WAY. WHY NOW? ARE YOU DEEP STATE ALONG WITH MCCAIN & SHUMER? WE NEED TRUE PATRIOTS WHO LOVE USA!
Senator Graham I admit I'm not a particular fan of yours. Believe your a RINO who is doing everything you can to obstruct The President
wish more people would realize this makes so much sense! Clearly stated he wasn't against the Paris Accord but wanted a better deal for us!
Of course you do...smh
My TAXES are to damn high.  Taxpayers deserve a break. WE don't need Globalist telling Americans how to live, and spending our money for us.
You have lost my respect.
Amen
Agreed
You are irrelevant.
Forget the Paris accord, keep US money in USA & let us independently make the environment better, improve conditions & reduce waste here.
Stop it. You know better Senator.  He does not but you do.  The American people hold you to a higher standard so your fall will be greater.
Btw, Senator. I am what is now referred to as a classic GOP so therefor I am like the people in YOUR base. We aren't feeling support for 45
Cannot opt-out till 2021 afterall!  ROFL!!  You jumped on his dumb bandwagon!  Hahahahaha!!!
Great job on the triangulation! You are the consummate politician. That's not a compliment.
Way to be on both sides of the fence, Lindsey.
@realDonaldTrump Big enough to correct what may be deemed extreme Cares enough to try to make Americans happy. GreatestEver
Only a traitor would re-enter! But, then Graham is a globalist traitor! Make America great again, get red of government globalist
That is so stupid. Did you drink anything that Donnie gave you? I hope not. Look what happened to McCain.
Lindsey shut up, damn. don't encourage him.
It's supposed to be a good deal for the PLANET, not for the coal and oil companies Trump likes to cuddle up with and give handouts to.
America has been the biggest contributor to green house gases. We need to pay our fair share.
The strongest American businesses are continuing to uphold the Paris Accord - regardless of Trumps idiotic departure
You're right @LindsayGrahamSC filling Mr.Trump's pockets is more important than making sure the Earth stays healthy..
Which proves you're a loon also
Yes, you're agreeing with your wallet and not your brain. We know. And YOU know damn well there's no renegotiating the Paris Agreement.
Il faut pas essayer de dénigrer ce que les hommes intelligents ont conçu à Paris juste par orgueil.
You are optimistic and ambitious, I hope the imbeciles that supports blindly the super imbecile's commands will see the big picture
stupid people understand each other ...
@GrahamBlog Where is your head. Nobody holding a gun to our head in the Paris Accord.  It was voluntary. Trump thinks world is raping us.
Ryan makes Trump sound as he just fell off the turnip truck. Curious, RNC was going to withdraw backing for Trump, Priebus got his big job.
It wasn't a binding deal. It was a pledge to reduce pollutants and we set the goals. It was an agreement to pull in same direction.
Trump had no understanding, and neither do you, on what kind of agreement it was. I would expect your remarks from a Bugtustle Congressman.
In other words, you think 99% of the world was wrong and you and Trump were right?
When are you up for reelection?  And any word on new and up incoming senators to be?
I support all of you Mr Graham that choose party over country to help Trumps coverups
To be held accountable and put in prison
It will never be good for America!
U reword everything if it sells you as a good person.
Exactly.  It's a money pit right now.♡
@realDonaldTrump you've lost it, Graham.
Term Limits!
That's stupid, it was voluntary goals as it was!  Trump wanted a coverup for all his Russian dealings he and his family are involved in.
Guess what? Trump could have changed what US committed cuz its voluntary. But he doesn't know that cuz he doesn't read.
COMMUNIST GLOBAL WARMING SCAM, NO OTHER INTENTION THAN TO TURN INDUSTRIAL NATIONS INTO BANANA REPUBLICS
@realDonaldTrump could the United States stop being so selfish and start think ine about the While world ?
Oh thank the Lord. I don't agree with @LindseyGrahamSC on everything. #TheWorldMightNotBeEnding
Good deals and business is more important than making sure your grandkids have clean air to breathe?

Dementia is sad... I'm so sorry.
I don't support it. It's a waste of my tax payer dollars. It's bogus.
You are traveling into territory occupied by Trump lackeys. I'm disappointed in your shortsightedness on this issue.
because i guess we're all just fine with choking to death on smog in the name of "renegotiating with the bank of earth"???
It's not a mothertrucking deal. It's a coalition of HUMANS who want an EARTH to leave our children.
Great that makes one person, pretty much all other mayors & leaders are going to ignore Trump and stick to the agreement anyway so great win
What deal? US sets its own actions!
A South Carolinian here who thinks Lindsey Graham may be finally waking up and coming around!
I am shaking my head at this tweet.
Because I withdrew from the Paris Agreement, it is well compatible with the environmentPlease activate the economy
MACRON SAID WE WOULD NOT BE WELCOMED BACK IN, THAT THEY WERE  PROCEEDING WITHOUT US AND NO DEAL WILL BE MADE. IT IS LIKE IT IS OR NO DEAL.
The rest of the world is leaving the US behind to be a 3rd world nation and you Lindsey will be going to prison soon. Enjoy :)
You think
That's good news. You're internal polling must be showing a @realDonaldTrump  victory in 2020.
You are a fool to do so Mr. Graham. Trump is dirty.
Gosh, Lindsay.... just when I was starting to think maybe you weren't so bad after all.
@realDonaldTrump Forget the Paris Accord! Move on!
I wanted to respect you but you are a complicit toady just like the rest of your party. You piss on Reagan's grave every day in office.
This is not about a 'better deal' this is about undoing Obama's legacy.  If Obama wanted it than you don't.. the end.  #RadicalRepublcans
Never going to happen, Lindsey. Paris Accord is just another UN ripoff for the US Taxpayer. Wake up Republicans. Let's get going!
Sorry I cannot agree with you on this.
I think we need to stay away from Globalist
I'd say that breathable air is a great deal for America.
NO WAY.  Watch this REAL EXPERT: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRQS5RhrwLA … .. READ THIS BOOK: "Fueling Freedom" by Stephen Moore and get informed!
The whole premise behind Paris Accord is absurd, b/c it does not improve anything, except for the wealth of climate change grifters. FRAUD
That's not an option... btw China will lead now!  Good job... getting tired of all this 'winning'! You are losers!
I STAND WITH POTUS  TRUMP2020
One major problem.  The deal can't be re-negotiated.  We're out and the rest of the world is laughing at us.
I agree this was a good decision.
Forget it Lindsey. It is nothing more than a get richer plan for you and your elitist  buddies.
Good Luck.  You know that will never happen. The world is not a big fan of America lately.  Can't blame them.
It's a scam.  The term "Follow the money" should give you insight why
Fire trump impeach wake up republicans
Let it all sink into the sea
How much better a deal are we going to get than "non binding, and shields us from Lawsuits" which is what Trump walked away from?
But only 28% of Americans agree with you..........
The goals were self-imposed so there was no loss of sovereignty or need to leave the deal.

Youre an enabler that can't control that maniac. Good luck in the history books when it will be stated as our darkest time. history is long.
It should not be about benifitting America and business - it's about benefitting the world and it's environment.
Don't have to. Just keep doing what we have been and don't have to pay big $$ to people that won't comply or try.
Good Lord @LindseyGrahamSC that day will never come! Screw Trump. We the people do have a voice and we never wanted out of the Paris Accord
Good going!! 
It took 10 years to negotiate this agreement. We will all be under water if we wait for Trump to agree to new treaty!
About time you supported something. Please stop the obstruction. It's hurting our country.
How much did it take for him to buy you off?  Millions?  A weekend at the Trump hotel?  Very disappointed in your 180 on this madman.
Renegotiate what? Programs are voluntary. We've lost leadership standing at the international table. Shame on you Senator. #ParisAgreement
I don't
I am so sorry to hear that you agree with Trump.  Please take a reality check.  Ignorance is deadly!
@realDonaldTrump if u support something, I'm dubious about it!!!
Stop trying to get special treatment.
We set our own standard? A better deal? We made our own deal.
So you think getting out was a good decision? I guess I won't be voting Republican any time soon.
Getting the US better deals is what Donald Trump has been all about since his first day in Office. Finally
THE#MadHatter HIMSELF AGREEING WITH@POTUS@realDonaldTrump?SOMETHINGS UP&NO DOUBT@SenJohnMcCain IS PLOTTING ANOTHER FAKE #media STORY?
Why re-enter the agreement? No need to. Every time we do so we give up some of our sovergnity.  Just continue doing our part 
Why modify a non binding voluntary agreement by leaving?US major economy/polluter and responsible to help lesser nations meet goals! Why ??.
Lindsay, there is NO SUCH THING as man-made climate change and therefore NO NEED for a new agreement.
Shill.
Yes, of course you do. Get ready to retire 2018.
Nice idea sir, does the president enjoy talking to himself ?
No one else is listening !
The president is mentally unstable. You know it and take no action.
he's not well informed to know what to do
But we know that the Accord is not re-negotiable, so you are just twisting taffy while we watch.
Goblin alert
My dad a Republucan & supporter of everything GOP drives a Prius & gave me book 10 yrs ago.  Insightful  "Lives per Gallon"  Terry Tamminen
Sorry....UK France Italy say....NO DEAL!!
I do too Lindsey 
By the way 
YOUR SO TWO FACED PRES T WILL NEVER EVER TRUST YOU AGAIN! YOU BLEW IT BUDD.....
guffaw
You are one of the reasons we need TERM LIMITS! We call you Lindsey GrAMMESTY
This is not "about business". It is our planet. The only one we have.
How can we do it
Please. You know this agreement was written by US and voluntary and non-binding. @POTUS did not have to pull out. This was President Bannon.
You do not care about the American people. Who is lining your pockets? You doing business with Russia too?
American businesses are all for it, and of course you have to planet earth security to have US national security. Right??
