Poor lindsey. He is irrelevant & DESP to keep a repub in office no matter how insane he is so he keeps wasting tax payers $.
Your kidding right. The Democrats have been wasting billions on a mabe up Russia propaganda. And still doing it

PLHP, you have quite am impressive collection of HRC's crimes! Good job. Thank you for sharing. 
PLEASE make sure Comey pays for his Crimes!  

He's deeply involved in SCANDALS!  

#LockHimUp  

Oh yeah he's a rat alright! Ever since that fateful day when he layer out all her wrongdoings followed by exhoneration it was pretty clear 
Then do it! Question him UNDER OATH and then arrest him!
Comey-Rosenstein-Mueller = Biggest COLLUSIONS of ALL
Repeat repeat repeat repeat repeat repeat
One Very disturbing & Corrupt Human
An early statement for something so obviously fabricated. This GOP is pathetic in their attempts to ignore crimes against the US by WH.
The clintons and Comey and Schultz should all be sitting in a jail cell by now
Will anyone of these criminals go to jail?
You think?!  Der.  The rat been stinking for over a year now.  This is just more talk.  Talk. Talk. Talk.

It's imperative to get to the bottom of this egregious issue.Btw, there's another  at issue: HRC.America DEMANDS justice! 4 this& Benghazi!
When are you going to get it threw your head they aren't going to do shit to him!
More interested in DonJrs emails!  I smell stale borscht laced with Trump Vodka! #TraitorTrump #LockDonJrUp & his Daddy too!
Of coarse he is a rat lied to Congress lied to protect hillary should be jailed as the criminals they are...
That's Lindsey's own underarms he's smelling. He flip flops on everything these days. A sad excuse for a representative of the people.
So do I its about time you do
@realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC   #IrmaHurricane2017 #elvis DONALD TRUMP ANTHEM https://youtu.be/u_QfF4RgM3M 
Do it! We the American people will not stand by and watch criminals not be prosecuted like we would!
I would imagine by now the rat would have decayed and smell would be gone.
Wall to wall defunct rat smell for months. What took Lind so long to realize the "aroma"? HELLO! @GregGutfeldShow
Lock him up!
Comey needs to be Jailed!!!!
You smell yourself! Yes go after Comey but you need to back our President and stop undermining him. You and Mc Traitor #RINOS
Should have been done almost a year ago ! What stinks is D.C. giving the Clintons a pass
He needs to go before a grand jury
The only rat is #Trump

Back in reality-our election was hacked by foreign agts w everything leading 2fact that current pres&his fam assisted.But let's focus on HRC
You have the proof. Send to Mueller.
Thanks for the recommendation. I'm pretty sure he has enough proof. We just have to wait to see if justice will prevail. Fingers crossed!
Your going to be waiting a long time. By now something would have leaked out.
You're is a contraction of you are. If you cannot expand it to you are in your sentence, then it is wrong.
Thank you for the grammar lesson. It is much appreciated.
Fox and the right wing still trying to call Benghazi after 8 years of investigstion and failed to do anything get over it u lost
He will just take the fifth or lie
You don't have to be close for the smell to be noticed. Entire FBI stinks. # Muller
Lindsey just likes men... and playing with big wars...
You sure you trust Bob Mueller?
As far as I can throw a locamotive. He is a bigger crook than Hillary.
B.S. Nothing tops the Clinton crime syndicate. For over 30 years there is family is guilty Of fraud, robbery, grand larceny and murder.


Finally after all these months don't forget lynch and Clinton
See, HERE'S where we need a special prosecutor.
Lol.
They should follow-up until we the people get the truth on ALL investigations
Duh
Good.
Finally someone smells a rat when the American people have been smelling it for over a year but according to FBI public has no interest. Lie
Yes and the rat was comey Graham,why has he not been arrested.when is an spec.counsel going to be apptd to to investigate the corruption???
I never thought I'd say this...I*agree*with*pink*panty*boy!
Now, let's see him support the DUELY ELECTED PRESIDENT!

Why would Graham try to prevent the truth from surfacing? Bc he can't be trusted and he's afraid of whose going to be implicated in it all.
Please do!
@LindseyGrahamSC is all BS, he cares about camera time and votes. Other than that his bank account & power. #DrainTheDeepState & #MAGA
That's just the Republican caucus.
Do your job & Pass a meaningful bill of some sort @LindseyGrahamSC . Then you can play with the grownups
REALLY? If you're really all that concerned about stinking rodents... haul Sessions back in there first...
Laughable @gop trying to deflect #weseeyou
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @TheJusticeDept @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @JaySekulow @GreggJarrett @Judgenap @JudgeJeanine
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @TheJusticeDept @FBI @TGowdySC @DevinNunes 

YOU all know Comey is GUILTY of many crimes!  #StandUp

#LockHimUp
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @TheJusticeDept @FBI @TGowdySC @DevinNunes 

The American People DEMAND JUSTICE!

Obama, Lynch, Comey & Hillary
Distraction distraction.
Jim, "Slim Shady" Comey...
There's more where that came from. A whole pack of rats. Lynch/Rice/HRC/DNC officials/BHO/Rhodes/Power/DWS. When will spineless GOP pursue?
The majority of the American people smell rats in Comey and Hillary. It's time to pay for all your corruption.
Do it Mr. Graham!!
Awesome!!! No one is ABOVE the law!
Charge  with treason
You think??? I live in South Carolina and have smelled that rat all the way down here since last summer Dammitt!!
I've smell that rat for over a year now.

Foolish
Comey looks like Littlefinger
Let It Go assholes she's been cleared three times
You smell correctly
Do it
Trust Lindsey to make understatement of the year about Comey...sigh!. SC needs a NEW GOP senator yesterday!
Americans should be outraged that the highest ranking police officer in the US was in cahoots with the Democratic Party! MAGA!
Your right! We're not alone.

There are a lot of rats in Washington DC...Why didn't you & your cronies take care of this when you had the chance? Playing politics is over
Comey might be the biggest crook as FBI director since Hoover!!!
The rat is in the White House, Sir
Comey needs to go to jail fo all his false statements to congress under oath when will we see justice Comey , Loretta Linch , Clinton
Prisons are full of rats. He will just be another one.
Sen. Graham, you are really slow on the uptake, America figured this out months ago
Senate has a lot of hearing but don't recall any that have produced results leading to a conviction. There for face time on tv thats all
As much as I can't stand #LightfootLindsay I want Comey back to testify too..
Bring the number back in. Corner the fool.
The American People have known about the corruption in Washington for a long time.  It's about time that you see the forest for the trees!
Really tired of all the talk and no action. Just get something done for @POTUS , the PEOPLE, and prosecute the liars & crooks.  #MAGA
Exactly. All this talk about criminal acts yet nothing being done. Maybe Sessions is the problem. Need youth & vigour & momentum.
I don't think he's the problem. Experience and disciplined endurance is what is needed now. Wrap up the Mueller deal. Show us "Russia." 
Agree. Know Sessions is a good man, but just seems to be some sticking point somewhere.
It's the swamp. If all the jokers don't get voted out next go round, I will be surprised. Pro-Trumpsters will vote for all who back HIM. 
People smelt that rat a long time ago.  Nothing will be done so why bother.  No faith in FBI or CIA.
tell you anything?
Comey has long distinguished history of public service spanning several presidents. No questions till now.
Jail time.
Really, what took u so long???
He needs to be prosecuted, like Hillary.
Well Senator you nose has finally caught up to the rest of us that smelled the garbage last year!
Come on. The repubs already spent 11 million dollars on her emails. the lot of you are disgusting. Yes you fox and the repubs.
Enough of the email.
There is a rat
I agree
Took him this long to smell a rat. Because rats smell the same to each other.
Yes finally
Absolutely, this is the whole reason for the diversionary fake Russia investigation. It keeps investigators away from Hillary/DNC
Thank you Mr. Graham. The Am ppl have been wanting to see Equal Justice re this case.
you deflecting for @realDonaldTrump now?
It's about time Republicans get off their behind to examine who the real culprits in crime are.
The electorate smells a rat, too, Lindsey. In fact, we smell a LOT of rats. Comey's memo is not very high on our I Smell A Rat List.
Then do it... Not sure anything will change but go ahead and "haul" him back. Congress has subpoenae power I believe.
yup a big one
OMG they're never going to stop with the emails!  Even if she was dead, they would still be talking about it!
Go get that ass lindsey he's lying piece of crap who violated his oath 4 us
Get him!
Mr Graham thank you the deep state needs to be prosecuted America is tired of this no justice system
Give it a rest! Look ahead and not back again and again and again..
Stop it please. Let Mueller do his job. Stop the partisan politics!!
Yes, the "rat" is in the WH
Sen Graham, don't you smell a stench in Congress and the Whitehouse? I might suggest you focus on the relevant rot that's destroying us.
It's been smelling for quite a long time on all Clinton & Comey subjects 
Captain Obvious must have had his coffee this morning.
You smell a rat? That's because the rat king is our sitting president.
@colbertlateshow
After he testifies on the obstruction of justice from Trump. I smell a Russian
Finally you Republicans are doing your JOBS!! We want all who commit crimes to be held to the same, it's about time we hear the TRUTH?????
I smell a rat too.
Ya think geez most people knew it in July
under oath this time with Clinton sitting next to him and Obama and rice
and don't forget lynch
Oh Lordy!
That's you standing too close to Dirty @realDonaldTrump
He's as guilty as the day is long. Part of the Swamp lieing people.Bring him in so we can hear what he has to say that thug.
Something must truly stink for Graham to ask for legitimate hearings.
NOW he smells a rat? That rat and many other rats have been there all along but he just notices? Guess he sees his supporters dropping off.
Big rat undo Mueller witch hunt!!!!!!!!
Boy Scout got cheating on one of his merit badges. But he'll be OK, his best friend Mueller is doing the investigations. Isn't life grand!
Me too...fox news & Lindsey -I caved to Trump-Graham. Now he's Trump's bitch...tweeting endless sweet nothings &  blowing smoke up our ass.
How will that benefit the American people?  Isn't that why you're there?
A tall one
Don't forget about @HillaryClinton
I would have called the rat Sessions but I assume he can only be referring to his own speaking?
More than one 
Nothing will come of this. Graham already tipped us off he doesn't think he committed perjury. Comey will simply deny he'd made up his mind.
@LindseyGrahamSC is either bipolar or has split-personality problem.  He swings back & forth between feeding Trump base & strong leadership
He is trying to figure out if fussing at Trump or sucking his dick will revive a 2nd attempt at running for president.
hate to break this to you, but HRC ain't coming back and is never going to be president.  Focus on the now.
First hrc won't go away on her own. This is about comey and if hildebeast is collateral damage I'm all for it.
And what does Comey matter? He's almost as irrelevant as HRC. He's already testified, the damage is done. Get busy living or get busy dying.
I'm busy living! If he obstructed justice or showed preference for hrc he should b held accountable.
MOVE ON
Oh sure,  waste more $. We'll just print more!
Ya think?!? Could see it when he was originally testifying. A lot of dancing and prancing around question. Obviously enjoying limelight.
How many more times, why not haul Bush in for 300k missing emails, right cause he has a penis, gotcha!
This thing needs to be reopened and they need to be put in jail. I here there is room at Gitmo
Not just a  rat-- A scumbucket ! Comey MUST go to jail !!!Comey =
What took him so long?
Mr graham you could smell shit and no body would do anything
His buddy Muller will do something to protect him & keep him from testifying
It is time to convene a grand jury. Congressional "hearings" are a waste of time. Nothing ever comes of them. Used only for grandstanding.
We need to get to the bottom of the Kennedy Assination while we are at. Open that back up too.
DO IT
The smell is very bad. 
You're right the rat is in the WH. He's Orange
Yeah! But how ironic? Lindsey, you don't smell like a rose yourself.
Comey needs to be held accountable.  Call him back
Oh let this story go!!! Wasted tax dollars by the bucketful for too many years.  No crime here!!! Move onto something productive for once!
Are you kidding?  No crime?  BS!  Keep whistling Dixie!  Is that racist?  My bad
A BIG Rat at that!
Go Lindsey !
Gram is a rat!
It's kinda understandable #Trump drained the swamp and replaced it with a sewer.
Stop talking about it and DO IT!
#takeComeyKillaryallcrookedDemsDOWN
Hey Lindsey......you have become a wushu washy old man.....it's over....the Repubs tried hard to kill her....and now you have Trump...
Love it
AND IT'S A REALLY REALLY BIG ONE!!!!
He must be thinking he critised Trump too much or Trump has given him a stern talking to. Time to SUCK up again.
Sen Graham: Dir Comey, did your decision on Clinton emails precede interviews? Comey: I plead the 5th.
A dem deal with trump tells me alot. 1st "russia" is going nowhere. 2nd the Obama brand will be tarnished and it's time for dems 2 move on.


He should be escorted in shackles and handcuffs. 
I smell lots of rats... a whole lot of them..  And @TGowdySC "hide in plain sight" strategy isn't working for us anymore. DC is corrupt !!!!
LEAVE IT ALONE. FOCUS ON ELECTION MEDDLING BY RUSSIANS.
How do you know they mettled?  Mueller would sure like to know. He can't seem to find anything. 
The rat he smells is Trump and his regime!
I see a rat! How can you miss a guy that's almost 7 feet tall. But on a serious note "ceeeeeelebrate good times, come on"
So he can say "I cannot answer that question" over and over again. How he got out of it last time!
Oh please lindsey im smart enough to know that no ones smart enough to touch the clintons..
wishful thinking.she lost the election.comey's letter which was leaked by oversight committee turned the election for trump
OMG. PLEASE PLEASE LET IT Go!  So sick of this line of attack based in polls of base.
Sounds like @LindseyGrahamSC is riling up the base for a 2020 run.
You have a case where someone not elected used a private server...big whoop compared to the canidate who actively consulted with Russians...
and solicited stolen emails or other damaging espionage related information. The Republicans know they will go down with Trump, so they do
snything to stall the investigation.
Rats there are
Good he is a rat
Wonder what cleared his nose as the rat has been smelling for a long time. He is worried as President Trump is winning without the rhinos!!
Graham must be sniffing his own ass. He smells a rat.
And what about the meeting today with @Donaldtrumpjjr ?!?
