The only problems with Obamacare are that you guys sabotage it and think we won't notice.  #NeverRepeal #Obamacare!
Hr676 would be way better than obamacare because EVERYONE would be covered...#SinglePayerNow
I'm sure there's a thread for your thoughts somewhere. Right now we're fighting to #SaveTheACA
Lol all the while ignoring the fact that its a right wing healthcare plan straight out of the heritage foundation.
I'm gonna say this less subtly... STOP DISTRACTING PEOPLE FROM THE WORK THAT NEEDS TO BE DONE RIGHT NOW!
This isnt distracting when the ahca doesn't have the votes to pass and when people still are denied coverage
Ahca passed. Bcra isn't coming to a vote. Straight repeal is on the books now ie 32 million w/o care. Stop distracting and get up to speed!
Uh they haven't yet lol
This approach still harms SC children! No thanks
Full repeal is the answer
.National common core standards needed in health care insurance as in education. Health benefits & education should not depend on locale
When ACA passed, 58 million people were uninsured. Half of that are now left uninsured. More would be insured if Repubs hadn't sabotaged ACA
universal health care like 114 other countries have all democrats will vote yes for it 35% flat tax on all wages rich or poor !
So is universal healthcare, which is "conservative" enough for the entire military. And costs less than one of those subs nobody uses.
Lindsey, stop talking and listen to SC. We have good ideas and reasonable solutions.
SC I am so ashamed of this regime in our state that it makes me want to scream.
Turn your angst into action. Help elect new people to serve SC. Those we've elected thus far aren't working for SC.
Yes! Turn despair into action, like we have.  2018 is coming soon. And we'll need every warm body we can get to knock on DEM doors & GOTV!
Knocking on Dem doors is a wonderful activity. Next time it won't be in the dead of summer. We met some wonderful folks along the way.

Two things: 1-what happens across state lines of all states have different forms of healthcare? 2- fearless leader has already spoken...
...for repeal only. You and Cassidy (my senator), being the lap dogs you are, will bend the knee. You always do.
Obama care did not create the healthcare issue. Reaganomics did!!!
No it isn't. #completerepeal NOW
That's good until you come across a governor who would see his constituents suffer over his crazy dream - like those who wouldn't expand..
y'all have screwed up out health care! you suck as our chosen leader...
#CONservatives R A #Fraud https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/paloma/the-health-202/2017/07/13/the-health-202-doctors-make-last-ditch-effort-to-sink-gop-health-care-bill/59665cf3e9b69b7071abcb1c/?utm_term=.a9d7fe499196&wpisrc=nl_daily202&wpmm=1 …
Nationwide baseline coverage just makes better sense. And states left to themselves have notoriously NOT taken care of all their citizens.
yeah. Like California, where I'm from. It's horrible
#CONservatives r very good a conning people, not legislating, promises NOT 2 cut #Medicaid n vote 2 do just that #LIARS @GOP
It's unfortunate that three RINOs voted tonight against trying to solve the problems with ACA.
Why did you wait until now when you had 7 years to sell your proposal?

Smoke and Mirrows to hid your non support of President Trump.
Can the CBO score this suggestion?
NO AMNESTY FOR ILLEGALS

What is wrong with you? #BuildTheWall #DeportThemAll

Just resign already.
And many states, like Louisiana, would take that money to balance the budget and leave people with nothing healthcare at all
That's a pretty terrible bill. Please work with Democrats on a bill that will improve the ACA where improvement is needed
THE GOVERNMENT COULDN'T EVEN RUN THE POSTAL SERVICE A MONOPOLY SO HOW CAN THEY RUN INSURANCE. FRAUD GREED AND CORPUTION!
The republicans are as close to evil as I've ever seen
No, they are evil.
You are really worthless, just go away.  I hope someone on the far right gets rid of you in 2020.  You are a Trump enabler.
@SenateGOP @PreetBharara WHY NOT SOLVE THE TRUMP PROBLEM COLLUSION STOP THIS TRUMP CIRCUS NOW
Senator Graham--Republican Governors are already the reason the ACA is not doing well in Red States. Universal Healthcare!
You need to still incentivize young healthy people joining. The bigger the pot of people, the more ins. companies can afford the hit.
That'd twice the number of folks that approve of the guy your party embraced.  It's an international embarrassment and a national nightmare.
Nah, Lindsey.  The Obamacare objectives are right, but it's like a first yr model car- it has some issues.  Fix them.  70% want to keep it.
But how can we take anything @gop leaders say seriously without meaningful oversight re corrosion in @WhiteHouse?
Senator Graham, just block the us law with your mouse and hit control x.  Block the English statue, control c, move back to usc control v
trumpcare is your answer? WTF is wrong with you!
No its not Only makes Reps resp 4mess created by dems At this point Just repeal the damn thing & start anew. Not poss 2 replace at same time
There are States that would eliminate  women's health conditions from coverage. So hell  and  no, Lindsey! #SaveACA #ACA #SaveEHBs #Resist
Isn't this just an expanded waiver system that already exists within Obamacare? @sarahkliff
ACA already offers flexibility to states as long as they meet minimum requirements
Appreciated, but US has had a (sabotaged) ACA for 7 years w/flaws that could be fixed Federally covering citizens of ALL 50 states. #SaveACA
Please say no publicly to the current GOP healthcare bill...
I have an amazing idea: You replace, and then Congress and all family members must use it. That's all we will accept.
How do you make sure that small business doctors and nurse practitioners can stay afloat without selling out to the big area hospital??
How do propose keeping "healthy" people in the pool? How do you propose eliminating waste and inflation?
Wouldn't it be great if car insurers adopted this approach? No insurance needed until after the accident. 
Also- someone wants or needs to live in SC but SC is not covering what their family needs, they can’t move here or they have to leave home
The best way is to return money to the PEOPLE. Letting states handle it will be a neo-nazi disaster.
Will there be hearings, testimony, witnesses, and debate?  You know, an actual legislative process?  That would be cool.
How does this $ get appropriated, who gets what? Who oversees abuses: states refuse to cover people or refuse to offer types of coverage?
Come to the Canadian ideal, you will be better for it.
Nope.
You are not compromising with republicans. Half way between Trump wackadoos and liberal conservatives is not a BIPARTISAN compromise
You are so good at spotting major problems! Here's you in recent months: http://www.politico.com/story/2017/04/lindsey-graham-praises-trump-237361 …
Again.. If bipartisan support is what you want take a conservatives ideal and a liberals ideal and and go to the middle. Not the middle of
You need to come further if you truly want to "fix" Obama care. Fix its flaws not just say "give it to the states"
Lindsey... big fan, but politics aside, our insurance nightmare preceded Obama. 7 years of Rep. promises came up empty! Don't pass the blame
FIX ACA, that's all we want.
WTH what does that do for people who move to another state? College grads, retiring seniors - will create chaos, not solve problems.
I don't know the details of how it will be managed.  I'm going to do some hunting and see if I can get more info.
Better than Trumpcare but this is not really bipartisan. Remember that you are trying to appeal to people who believe in single payer..
No. Stop. Focus on the treason that is happening under our noses.
Not opposed to new ideas but am opposed to anything that is not transparent or done behind doors. Trust is earned, not given.
How about working with Dems this time? How about a process so taxpayers can hear debate from insurers, health professionals & experts?
For God Sakes, Lindsay, take the lead. Reach across the aisle. Show how we can work TOGETHER & WIN! Forget Trump. He's yesterday's news!!!!!
I would have to leave Texas for healthcare because our legislators are fighting over bathroom bills.
for POLITICAL victory at the expense of the American people & the detriment of lame plans YOUR party can't put together. STOP politicizing.
Cassidy was ready to vote this bill to senate! He believed the lie that Medicaid wouldn't be touched because it'd be fixed by next president
I am a constituent/voted 4 u. with all due respect, do u think SC governor will do right thing with $?
Get it done then, senator! Convince the others!
Lindsey, if you reach across the aisle to some moderate Dems and try to FIX the issues with OCare, you can gain support. Until then..nothing
Question: what happens to Medicaid expansion under your proposal?
May we please have a COMPASSIONATE approach? That assumes all people are worthwhile?
I'm so tired of GOP "money=goodness" morality subtext.
Now to convince your colleagues,as so many of the rest of us await a sensible solution such as this.
thats how its supposed 2 work in Canada But some provinces spend returned $ on other stuff then complain they havent enuf 4 health care plan
Yep, like states complaining about ACA that didn't opt for Medicaid expansion. *cough* SC.
not concentrating on HEALTHCARE & you & the Dems. are NOT working together because the GOP wants to proclaim they got rid of "Obamacare" >
Graham-Cassidy and the rest of the GOP need to focus on the problem with the All in the Family White House that's destroying America
Single payer now
Enough political speak. Do the right thing. Work with Dems and do right by us South Carolinians! Good grief! Man up Lindsey! #resist
Sen. Graham, please help your colleagues do SOMETHING. Herding cats is easier.

Still laughing
Actually you well know the ACA was a GOP solution until Obama liked it, and you guys are so anti-Obama you're even anti your own policies
It's more anti the black guy.  Obama could have been named Rupert Trey Johnson III and they would have hated him for his skin color
I dunno

Not if he were a Democrat. Have you heard how they act about Clinton, Pelosi, Warren, hell Carter?
Don't get me wrong that party is thick with racists but they hate all of us.
1) Why and the hell are the republicans not working W/Democrats on a healthcare bill. Are we going to go through this every damned time
2) we a have an administration change. You are all adults & leaders of this country that the people elected. Yet you could give 2 shits
3) about what the citizens want. We don't want a healthcare bill. We want Medicare for all. Time to work for the people & not the insurance
4) companies. WE THE PEOPLE ARE SICK OF BEING TREATED AS SECOND CLASS CITIZENS to the lobbyists. This country will rise soon and you will
5) a huge 10 million man March on Washington. TIME TO WORK FOR THE CITIZENS! End #CitizensUnited and work for the citizens!
6) MEDICARE FOR ALL, citizens over lobbyists! THIS IS WHAT THE COUNRTY WANTS!
GOP can satisfy your obvious need to retribute Obama. You & the GOP have had at least 7 yrs. to do better & you CAN'T do it because you're>
Senator, unlike the GOP base we read and know that you have been sabotaging the ACA by withholding subsidies meant to be paid to insurers.
Senator, pass this bill the GOP base will suffer most and no amount of talking will overcome their wrath when realize they were deceived

Thanks, Senator Graham (w/ sarcasm)! You have talked a big talk, but you didn't make one overt action to save us from this, tmk.
Is it really too much to ask for Americans to have the same access to medical coverage as their elected representatives?
No. Its washing your hands of it. Time for single payer.
So why would you vote yes on trumpcare abomination? Country over party or get the hell out

You had 7 years to craft a bill. Your party is useless and is incapable of governing.
Pls put country B4 politics and work with Dems to improve Obamacare.
You guys aren't listening to the American people.  Over 70% want a bipartisan fix to ACA, yet, here you are, ignoring them.
You guys murdered it. Work with Dems, it'll prove you can't govern but it will help the American people.
Or... you useless dolts could spend time and $ fixing the few things that are wrong w ACA. But you don't really care about what's best.

How about just improving ACA?
Did you hear that South Carolina's voting machines were hacked?
(1)And you politicize Graham. So now it's problems CREATED by ACA, bullshit. Advice, move away from gettin' rid of Obamacare so you & your>
Just stop. Work TOGETHER with dems. Set your egos at the door and compromise to FIX healthcare. Don't try to reinvent the wheel!
Fund the CSR's/other comps to stabilize the few unstable markets. Provide a public option for competition. Work on fixes, make it better.
You have to remember that, in general, the larger the pool, the more people and situations we can handle.
Disagree - this isn't birthplace lottery. Poorer women and children deserve the same healthcare as those in NY. Compassion matters
You are becoming irrelevant.
No-
Keep it up Senator!
You enable @POTUS -your place in history will be tarnished.
Oh bs. You people sabotaged the ACA according to the insurance companies. We do not want trumpcare! And get that traitor our of OUR WH!
No no no and hell no!
Repeal and replace was supposed to be about gutting medicaid and giving massive tax cuts to the rich resulting in greater wealth inequality.
Take a seat Senator, don't start acting courageous on us now.
Could I get the same coverage you get under the Senate coverage and your version? ?
How about removing the @marcorubio provision that killed the risk corridors?
So then people born is crappy healthcare states can die because of lucky of birth?
So many plans, so little time.
Well that's a start - so far the approach has been massive tax cuts for the rich and that's about it. But bipartisan/same/decent is best
US: Our HC is a mess
UK: Ours is awesome
US: No it sux
UK: Uhhm, it's really good
US: No, I'm told it sux
UK: They lie
US: No, you lie
UK: 
We need Medicare for all now!!! #SinglePayerNow
Let's also have the government run our grocery stores too, because w/o affordable food we all will die! #SingleGrocerNow
Lindsey. We need #MedicareForAll NOW!
Throw in even more tax breaks for the rich. Just have anyone with an illness automatically put to death as punishment for getting ill.
