RELEASE THE TAPES & END THIS CHARADE. TRUMP IS SHOOTING HIMSELF & BLAMING EVERYONE ELSE. ENOUGH ALREADY.
Good lord, Russia must have some heavy-duty sh*t on you.
Yes, because he did such a swell job with the Clinton hearings. Keep tarnishing your brand.
He did a good job. It isn't Congress' job to prosecute. Gowdy's committee fulfilled  its responsibility.
Good to know. Wonder if he will go after Trump, et al, with the same non-prosecutorial zeal?
I feel it's the true duty of us Americans to vote out these republicans and take our COUNTRY BACK!
I agree with U 100%. I'm ready
Not very proud of gowdy or u. Sell out. Tax money?? Lol. Look at your republican president.  Subpoena pres taxes yet? Gowdy looks other way
He kept Benghazi alive for how long? Lying career politicians. What have you been promised?
Of course you are! He definitely puts party over country!
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW!
Seems like all of the South is getting positions of power in Congress and the Administration.
@GOP is GovOfPutin 
Yay!! So happy to see this, i love TREY! America deserves a true investigation on Clinton's emails and foundation. Time to reopen the case!
How long do you give him before he marches HRC in on her emails, Bengazi, being a woman who dared to run for Pres? He's too partisan.
Gowdy is untrustworthy!
I can't take you seriously any more. Gowdy led how many hearings on Benghazi while the GOP has done little on Russian interference?
Except worry about where the leaks have come from!
Couldn't have chosen a more partisan egomaniac to be in charge! This tells American people just how LITTLE GOP cares about us!
Very deserving, as he works hard for our party, and our country. #Always
You've got to be joking, right??? If not where have U been? Under a rock? Neither one have done  for the American people. Both are losers
Are you kidding,g me?. He took $ from the Russians!
No one trusts you.
How can a nation's leaders repeal healthcare with no AMA approved heath care plan to replace? Murderous! Issuing a death sentence for poor.
The treason committee.

See you on the other side, Lin.
Don't forget Ryan & now McCain .
They are all going down.

We are gonna have black female presidents for the next century. A year of pain was well worth it.
They fear women for some reason They fear everything & are accomplishing their hateful Agenda! Attacking all that is good, over .
So now he can be like you and lead a whole group that talk out of both sides of their mouth. Is the comm. how to get more money to the rich.
Senator, why has the President filled so few jobs in DC? I saw today it's like 39 of 512.
Wish he were on a committee to monitor McConnell's behind closed doors Plans to repeal healthcare for millions.
Oh great America is screwed
It WILL all come out despite GOP attempts to obstruct the truth and what side will you be on Russia or America
Another man to aid in the cover-up.
I know right? The cover has done gotten so thick it's like quick sand. They all are going to sink. That's alright, going to be uncovered.
I'm gagging. Embarrassing for S.C.
Is that the sweaty guy with the pointy head? Whom HRC outlasted handily in 12+ hours of testimony?
AMEN
@GOP All of you shld b wary. Putting party b4 people is not good. We r going 2 turn at least 24 seats in the House 2018! We're coming 4 you!
I'm ready, we need to get these crooks out of office. All of them are an embarrassment to the USA.
Ugh! He is creepy partisan
He is truly horrible Sen Graham. I have lost any ounce of respect I had left for you at this time. Your silence on #trumprussia = #GOPutins.
You are a liar and a sleeze. Gowdy is the most partisan man in the house and he will make sure there will never be any oversight.
Yeah since he did so well on wasting taxpayer dollars on dead end Benghazi investigations. You both need to choose country over party!
I wish you were better people.
SUCK UP!
Amen... Gowdy will add a level of confidence in our efforts to achieve goals for THE PEOPLE under constitutional authority.
LOVE me some TGowdy!!! Hes awesome!!
You have got to be kidding...right???
Just Wow...
I've always admired you, Senator Graham-until the past year. You're weak & pathetic. Gowdy has wasted more taxpayer $$ than can be counted.
Still trying to prove treason that didn't happen while people can't get a job or http://healthcare.you  must be proud
Gowdy is a clown!
He's horrible
Tragic
Sad day for Congress!!
A reward for his despicable role in Benghazi witch hunt.
Weird, no one else is.
I think u deserve alot of credit.But I trust your judgement of you do with him.
I'm sure that under his remarkable leadership there will be a whole lotta sumthin 'bout  nothin.
And I'll be glad to see you all behind bars @LindseyGrahamSC
Eewwww. He looks like an adult fetus.  yuck. Plus he's sleazy
Oh Lindsey, you have done sold your soul to the devil!
So very disappointed in you and @JohnMcCain.. what happened to country over party?
How about you take a sabbatical and see if you can find your lost integrity @LindseyGrahamSC ?
Oh nooooooo!!!!
He is a jerk!
President Trump is only reason there is still a Republican Party. People r fed up w politicians   U, McConnell,McCain, Rubio, n others
Why
really?
One word: Slytherin
He's horrible
Just ONCE I want to see a republican put country over party- DO IT NOW #CountryOverParty #TrumpRussia #ObstructionOfJustice
are you both prepared to call Comey a liar as @realDonaldTrump and his lawyer have?
If you were as interested in getting to the bottom of Russia as you are at supporting each other we would be good
doubt it. us sc resident know otherwise.
Good for Trey. Stronger men than him have refused to pledge loyalty to Trump.
What happened to you Graham? You know that greasy wretch of a weasel is just going to muddle this whole thing up.
Comey was under oath!  Let's get Trump under oath and drilled like Comey was and better yet form a Grand Jury!
TG is a witch hunter that waste taxpayers money on BS I can hardly wait till 2018 2020 you'll all be look for a job
I don't know how you live with yourself. Come out of the closet. Maybe that will help.
How much did your soul cost when you sold it? The GOP will soon be extinct as a party due to graft racism bigotry sexism and cowardice
Proud like when your puppy manages to wait to pee until it goes outside for the first time? Sure. Proud like he'll do his job fairly? No.
Senator, you are turning a blind eye to serious problem...better hope there's no treason b/c you are complicit. Gowdy's an embarrassment.
He is a toad 
Gag me with a spoon. 2 utter and abject traitors.
@GOP & each of you should be charged w/obstruction/cover-up    by delaying/hindering investig & being blind to Ctry needs @TheJusticeDept
Of course you are
A total disaster . Gowdy is a clown  I hear he is going to reopen Benghazi. Guy is a joke. @CNN @DavidCornDC @CillizzaCNN @JeffreyToobin
Were there no human beings available?
Silly me thinking you were a Republican with an intact moral compass
The very fact that you are proud of such a deeply corrupt little weasel speaks volumes for your character. But do carry on.
I'm not. I'm more concerned for my country than ever before. Enemies within. What are you?
Disappointted in you. Understand you could care less. @TGowdySC  is a grandstander. Both of you are all about promoting your image.
Face it "Queenie" you're all alike!
Troglodyte
Just once in in your life .Do you ever say or doing anything that not for your party or you donors When does America come first ?
He couldn't lead a Cub Scout pack!
While the rest of us are disgusted
Which Trey Gowdy?
He is an absolute jackass that wasted 8 million dollars of tax payer money on Benghazi but is ok with Russians hacking our elections.
Why? Cuz he did such a bang up job with Benghazi?
Hes a POS, you would like him
BARF
You're like the best at appearing sane every so often to make people forget how very snakelike you actually are.
Yassss! You hit the nail on the head! #preach
I am proud when I fill the bowl as well, @LinseyGrahamSC. However, once I finish admiring the end-product of my alimentary canal, I flush
that turd and clean up thoroughly afterwards. Sorry, I left the "d" out of your name in my earlier response, @LindseyGrahamSC. I will try to
do better in future; please extend the rest of us the same courtesy. Regards,
Jay.

Both of you only care about your party and covering for Trump .
At some point soon, endorsements from GOP Senators or Legislators will become defamatory and unwelcome. Guilty by association. Be careful!
The only person immune from damage by GOP name dropping is Jesus Christ. And they name-drop Jesus Christ a lot. A whole Lot.
Gross
We were counting on you. 
Now you know why we won't stop marching: 
America's Grand Old Party has vanished, in thrall to a goon.
Who, Gummo??

He's a bull shi* partisan hack
Committee of Partisan Politics?
WHY? He is a craven hack
Sellout
you're a poor parody of a Senator and American
easier to not get to the bottom of Trump treason
