Well American people are agog as well that we have the money to fight Afghanistan for 15 years but not for healthcare, hungry kids, college
Total Cost: USD$314 million for this 1 bomb. Think what WE could do with this much $.
36 ISIS were killed. $9MM per terrorist. That's horrible ROI.
Killing a bunch of people wasn't the intent morons
I continue to be amazed by the sheer volume of idiots who claim inside knowledge of Trumps intent that they can't possibly have.
And let's say it was a great plan they could have dropped several 1000lb bombs equal to a "bigly" Moab for less cost.
Nope they got it right with that one
You certainly have a lot of confidence about Trump but at the same time call people morons which is both reactionary and defensive.
And he's not too bright.
Sir, despite his new posturing, Trump's actions mirror Putin and are a distraction from his backroom ties to Russia. Look.
I'm just an old lady but I can see it clear as day. Taught school a long time ago and I can easily see when a kid's trying to cheat.
I feel you are an honest man and will do what is best for America. Please, I beg you, investigate Trump. He's bad for our country.
We're the world's police force now?  I'm sure there are plenty of African nations that need our help, but no oil there means no help there
We all think the #45Sheriff is crazy, and an inept president. Surrounded by other nut jobs like you. International Joke is what the US is
A new sheriff? With no balls? Who had the audacity to broadcast YOUR cell phone number all over the world? And YOU defend him? Shame on you!
And new NUT in N Korea too!
#Putin  #Putin #Putin #Putin #Putin #Putin #Putin #Putin #Putin #Putin #Putin #Putin #Putin #Putin #Putin #Putin #Putin #Putin #Putin #Puti
We understand  but he8 really an outlaw. Remember  that when we go to war.  Get your grandkids ready
Big bully with tiny hands drops a big bomb that'll have a tiny impact on ISIS
Your love of killing people is stronger than your respect for law, democracy and constitutional government.
Who did he kill???
I hope America's adversaries are watching "Blazing Saddles", pointing and laughing.
They're watching... So are we!  This new sheriff is under FBI investigation, questionable sanity, and is bombing other countries? U R NUTS

Your interpretation of his words sounds like something that would be aired on the Faux Network by none other than Sean Hannity.
I'm liking you more each week.
are you 12?
Be real... sure you are
AND HE IS A FUCKING MORON
Rosie is scum
This republican chest beating is beneath you.  Please don't start WWIII
Country, or Party, Mr. Graham.  What's the honorable choice, please?
Mitch McConnell said, it's "his job to make sure Obama is a 1 term prez" But we the honest people will impeach that lying pervert b4 term!
Ditto to the media and anarchist left.
America's adversaries are also here. Why do u show no public support of LE? They protect us daily. Why do u not give interviews  about them?
A lying one- "What are consequences of a president lying about prev admin committing a felony? If none what does it say about US democracy?"
That's a horrible analogy, he's the POTUS! You def do not get it or the interests of your constituents! How's your last term??
the Republicans are letting the American people down the Republicans are putting party before country that is shameful!
This is to Linsey Graham... Please tell that "NEW SHERIFF IN TOWN" TO ARREST HIMSELF AND PUT US OUT OF OUR MISERY!
And we can blame Obama when we have the biggest terrorists attack on our soil since 9/11 because this won't inspire retaliation.
If by "new sheriff you mean 'gigantic orange baby' with no understanding of foreign affairs, then you're correct!
Who cares? He's the new daddy of us now. And he won't put up with crap!
Please read the replies to this. 
Come to the realization that he is not good for our country, the world or mankind.
He won't listen. I've been trying for months. And he represents me. Gag. He's just a puppet like the rest of the gop.
Your Lindsey is really bad.  Is anyone organizing to take him out?
Continually. Unfortunately there are many backward thinking folks here that vote for him repeatedly.
Well, keep explaining to them why he's bad.  Some day it will sink in.
I never stop trying.
$80 million to blow a couple of useless holes in the ground, MOAB on empty caves, & killing more allies than enemies. Our "New Sheriff":
The new sheriff is a treasonous, unstable, megalomaniac. Your support of him is not surprising. #GOPColludesWithTreason
Too bad the "sheriff" is an amoral dunce.
You are despicable.
It turns out your "sheriff" didn't even know about the Moab launch. A general, sent by Obama, launched it on his own. What a 'message,' eh?
When you're late to the party, try to bring something new.
Yeah, but it's Barney fucking Fife. Andy Taylor didn't need to carry a gun; he commanded respect.
Like the ones in movies that are corrupt to the core. Usually have southern accents, with a larger vocabulary than Trump...
I'd be embarrassed to talk big like that Lindsey. He's an idiot.
The new sheriff? The one based in Moscow? Lindsey you are complicit treason!
???? Are you ok??? Nevermind... 
We're screwed folks until the indictments and impeachment are done.The GOP not in pee pee bed are useless.
I had just Hope for you. Now I see my Trust was misplaced...
YOU are as demented as #ComradeTrump - and equally complicit! SHAME ON YOU!
SHAME ON YOU!!!  Do not support one thing this madman does!
Most of us would feel safer if it was the Sheriff of Mayberry instead of this clown.
For someone that is "pro-life", you're doing a terrible job at it...
So much piss and wind from a forgotten politician from a discredited party.
Graham, will you please make up your fucking mind.
How are you in office when you clearly hate America?  Fire whomever told you to say that lame new sheriff crap. #lunaticinoffice
What is wrong with your party? You are acting like children with a new toy. "New sheriff" We used to stand for something more than bullying.
Lindsey you keep this attitude up. And you will have a seat with @realDonaldTrump in history.
What is wrong with you? You are a lunatic and trump is insane. You need to find a new job.
You've lost your freckin mind. How many more dead Soldiers do you want? As a Vet, I find your words troubling.
Are you fucking serious???? Is this your idea of a sick joke?
Yes, they know.  And they are laughing their asses off because he is less competent than a dead battery.
This kind of talk isn't helping your brand.  It appears the New Sheriff in town is Putin.
You mean a new comrade
You do realize you are referencing Captain Crazy as a 'new sheriff'.  That lowers you in value to many, many Americans.
A pathological liar sheriff.
The "new sheriff is a clown and a moron."
So because he dropped some bombs your on the Trump train. I'll never understand you
Your DOSSIER must be really big!!
Sen Lindsey Graham argues US military force changes hearts and minds; that Trump has the skill to make it happen
I hope America's adversaries are watching & now understand there’s a new sheriff in town. 2/2
That new sheriff is starting a war he can't win! Can the US REALLY take on NK, China, Russia, & ISIS??? I don't want to find out!
Is Pixar releasing another Toy Story of which I wasn't aware?
@MessyDirtyHair #newsheriffintown
The sheriff seems a little trigger happy. I am worried for the future of my children.
A sheriff is supposed to enforce the law-trump is like those police forces who revel in use of military equipment
@HouseGOP @HouseGOP You're most deluded grp of hypocrites EVER  to drag this country into not 1, nor 2, possibly 3 wars
What other countries see is not an American sheriff but an American outlaw. WWIII will NOT spare the US Mainland. Hope you have a bunker.
I have zero faith in the GOP and less in Trump!  You all have this wrong!  You put my daughter, friends & me in harms way.  Stupid people!
what a shitty thing to say.
Oh come on, Lindsey. He's doing this shit to take attention away from #Russia. That's never gonna happen. You know the truth. Speak it.
What happened too "I'm smarter than the General's"..our adversaries are laughing at us & this lunatic,man child in the WH.
this is the most ridiculous thing I've heard an adult say in a long time.
And what sheriff might that be Barnie Fife? Give me a break! No countries are now afraid of America! We are imploding under Trump!
One sickening southern cornbread comment.
Is his name Barney Fife?
Look at u, Lindsey, fantasizing abt controlling the kompromized puppet to achieve ur naive geopolitical goals.
#TrumpRussia
#TheResistance
Actually that new sheriff is out golfing again. Sounds more like a slacker than a sheriff  #TrumpRussia
I hope your god is watching !
He may have forgiven you ONCE
but there is still your 6th commandment..
what did 'he say?"
GO AND SIN NO MORE
Yep, he's taking you and the @GOP down with him. @SenateMajLdr @TGowdySC @SenJohnMcCain @tedcruz @HouseGOP @marcorubio @SpeakerRyan

#Idiot
Guess you have to stay in the closet forever now. You've put GOP before country for years, and now you must put GOP before self. Sad!
You must be mistaken @BarackObama is out of town writing a book.
Yes. His name is Putin. #SadAmerica #45Shame
Seriously? You know #45 is a danger to himself and others and you can say this? How do you live with yourself, @LindseyGrahamSC?
Yeah we got our own Kim Jong Un. #HowBowDah #cashmeousside.
Thought you were one of the (few) good 1s but now you go along w/the warmonger to avoid Russia investigation? Fight for OUR country will ya?
btw... Don't you have some bar to tend to? You would do quite a much better job at it.
Girl, shut up. 
We don't want this sheriff.  Impeach Trump.
Yeah. YOU and the other acquiescent eunuchs at the GOP substituted a Statesman with the man-child version of Quick Draw McGraw.
 Proud much?
America's adversaries (like most of America) can see that he has no plan and is a lunatic they are NOT afraid he looks like a joke!
- your tweet is ignorant.  I really hope you get voted out of office!  Time for new folks.
Have you NO decency Sir?
I can't believe I came this close to respecting you,even though you have the stench of (R) bigot on you.No longer.
This isn't the wild wild west @lindseygrahamsc 
People's lives are at stake, and our fake sheriff is an incompetent madman. #NoWar
Hope they understand America is back leading the world, thanks to President Trump.
Also, America's adversaries are Trump's best friends. Stop this traitor now! #TrumpPutin #TrumpRussia #Kakistocracy
You tellem sir!
Oh Lindsay, u used to be my favorite Repub because u speak your mind, but this is offensive. Your sheriff is a boob under FBI investigation
Shame on you, Senator. You almost had the high ground but your clay feet held you down
And it looks like that might be, "China".
A sheriff who is not legitimately holding office!  This won't make ANYONE forget Russia!  But it IS pissing us all off!
Sell out the American citizens. You don't care about us.
A sheriff that hides his #WHVisitorLogs #WhatIsTrumpHiding #Transparency #Swamp #Impeach45
Senator Lindsey,

You & your friends in Congress look like decent, family centered Americans.

IMO, that's a false image.

You are monsters.
You mean the orange racist corrupt traitor who is the illegitimate President?!
YOUR "new sheriff" is CRAZY!! You & your party need to admit it and remove him before he causes more damage to our country. Be a Patriot!
You speaking about Putin's friend?
Trump is no statesman. N Korea isn't playing games. You sir, are on the wrong side of history.
I don't think N Korea got that memo.
Obama surged tens of thousands of troops into Afghanistan. Trump dropped a single bomb. You decide
Loser #WarHawk
Make sure your grandkids sign up for the Military!
Yeah Right.... Never mind!
Quite disgusting that you won't hold this president accountable for wasting tax payer money & resources or push for answers on Russian ties.
Yes, and that #inept sheriff is ruining my life.
Stop it.
Don's the Head Idiot of the United States leading the Idiot Party aka Government of Putin. #POS
Thank you. I agree
unreal. You all will be getting us killed. The new sherif and his military. #partybeforecountry
Drop a MOAD (mother of all distractions), and a nutter will follow you anywhere.
"New sheriff in town"? Trump gave ISIS marketing material.
Oh yeah. The new sheriff is going to get US soldiers stationed in S. Korea killed. You ok with that?
You and the Republican Party are truly terrible people.
Pick a fucking side senator. Are you with the traitor or not?
You're a piece a' work, Senator ...
Yeah, and he could get us all killed.
Who???
Try and keep it in your pants, boy.
$16 million for one MOAB = $480,000 to kill one enemy combatant in this air strike. Seems like a poor ratio.
That MOAB air strike had an equivalent kill ratio of a 500 lbs. bomb for one Daesh.
Right. The new sheriff that leaves your runway intact and uses a 20,000 lb. bomb to kill 36 Daesh.
Are you eating the chocolate cake too, now?
You should send them some DVDs of our cable news just in case they missed it.
Why do you and .@SpeakerRyan continue to support Admin with ties to Russia? You are either complicit or clueless, man. HistoryBooks2017
Ouch. Do you read the replies to your tweets? Your constituents don't sound too happy.
By the way your  new Sheriff needs to improve his aim. He's killed as many of the guys in white hats  as those in the black hats.
Because you're not a real man to the GOP if you're not bombing or shooting someone.
Should have dropped a bomb on Graham.
Won't be too impactful when that sheriff is impeached and imprisoned.
HELL YEAH!  OOOOOO RAH SIR
New sheriff my ass..acts of craziness are bringing excitement to your dull life...  while millions of lives are at stake
.@GOP all irresponsible delusional war mongers following the 'lead' of an unfit element. I feel this belligerence will be costly for US.

Sheriff of what? The 8th hole?
Kindly FOAD
You realize that the only outcome of #Trump's manufactured beef with #DPRK is that China is the world superpower leader no matter what?
you're going to get us all killed, lady
$100 million for strategically meaningless missile strike? Sure. Half that amount for clean water in Flint? Nope.
Lindsey, you're way to easy to influence. You should be working on the remarks you'll make when they arrest Don.
One who knows nothing about politics and will happily cause a world war over fucking TWITTER! One who will sell the people out for fame!
What are you? Quickdraw McGraw?
Are your family members putting boots down soo?
Who is a madman.
And of course you probably gave zero credit to Obama when Osama Bin Laden was taken out. You are a simpleton.
You're such an ass! This just makes people angry. It does NOT make the US safer. I hate the whole stinking lot of you for putting us at risk
@realDonaldTrump What's "Sheriff" in Russian? Asking for a friend...
Do you have 'NO' morals? No compassion for humanity? Do you 'REALLY BELIEVE' money is going to save you and your unfortunate family?
I forget that collateral civilian lives lost gives guys major hard ons.  Gonna be some good fuckin' this weekend!
So 200 dead civilians is worth it to you, eh?  #Nice
Yea, too bad the new Sheriff didn't show at the O K Corral (see Vietnam). Don't think Americans, or our adversaries don't realize this.
That's an insult to sheriffs.  and towns.   and new things.
What they see is a MORON who is willing to blow up the world to DISTRACT from his ties and debts to RUSSIA!  Don't believe the hype folks!
The American pol are watching and we are NOT OK with this sabre rattling, EXPENSIVE d^ck measuring.
Are you serious? All an adversary needs to do is bribe Trump and he'll sell us out.
You Sir! Fake 45! And the rest of the idiotic GOP that are try to drag the USA into WW3 or obliviate our country are lunatics. Don't support
Yep and he's crazy and corrupt. Please distance yourself. You are much admired for your independence and strength.
The"new sheriff is under FBI investigation and has zero credibility with even our own allies. I'm sure China who called him "weak" noticed
Too bad he is more like Don Knots and less like Andy Griffith.
No thanks to you, Mr. Graham
wtf? He's a f'cking lunatic, grow some balls
Shame on you Lindsey Graham, shame!
Precisely this childlike!golly gee attitude about death!that makes #uspoli so easy2manipulate by shall we say,outside forces?Try to #think!
Best sheriff since President Reagan, no doubt.
