Trump was warned about Flynn and still allowed him access to classified materials. That is the definition of treason.
Flynn already had security clearances by the Obama administration. It's good for 5 years. Do your research before showing your A$$!
He did still have clearance. You're correct. HOWEVER, when he was hired again by tRump, vetting starts all over. They admitted they DID VET.
Weiner gets unauthorized classified information from Hillary and Huma and Dems want to go after @wikileaks ????? 
Stupid much?
He's telling you that Wikileaks is a dangerous operative of foreign agents and you're not listening. Who's stupid?
They exposed Hillary and her campaign manager and DWS for what they were. Crooked!
And yet, no charges. Keep drinking your Orangeade, while I kindly return to my JOB. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #FoxLies
Yet Yates tried to claim the WH kept her from testifying and the truth is, it was her lawyer preventing her from testifying
Nope. It was Nunes midnight run.
Fact-Check: @DevinNunes went to EEOB to review classified docs in broad daylight, not at midnight.
I can send you links from ANY news outlet. The fact is, he was with a staffer in an uber, both the staffer and the driver confirm it.
Nunes didn't stop Yates from testifying...period...you can link any news you like
Right! @DevinNunes cancelled hrg w Yates/Brennan/ Clapper to have closed hrg w Comey/Rogers but Dems blocked
Dude. I don't know where you get your news, but... lol, the democrats are the ones demanding this come out. Blocked it? Lmaoooo
Nunes didn't want Sally to speak. That was a 3-ring clusterfuck of noninformation to suppress it.
Sounds like Yates was up to no good
Nice try.
So hpw many times has he said HE CAN'T ANSWER THAT there? Also who is the person he's protecting that sent Weiner those e mails?!
If he says he can't answer, also known as NCND, that means it's part of an ongoing investigation.
That u r going 2 make up absurd stories 2 protect the most corrupt president in history is heartbreaking!He breaks laws weekly&u do NOTHING!
@ChuckGrassley You guys have Security Clearances. U have access 2Flynn discussion transcripts. Was there one discussion wrong? @SenateGOP
We The People R sick of innuendos & Beltway Bureaucrat maneuvering. WHAT R FACTS RE FLYNN DISCUSSIONS THAT WERE WRONG? @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
So in a hearing about a thrown election you are more concerned about a wife asking her husband to help her print something? #Disappointing
So why did @POTUS do nothing?
Yeah where was obama while all this going on
Both Tammy I think are fair questions. Why didn't either of them? Obama atleast let him go. Why didn't Trump do anything?Its a fair question
Trump has hired members of his family to work for him...why would you even ask that question?
We are talking about Flynn being compromised and why trump did not vet but is passing the buck. She was bringing up Obama responsibility 2
Fox "news:" missing the important parts of the story to cherry pick details that convey agenda to its dim witted audience... Yet again.
@FBI J.Comey @POTUS @AG Sessions  Mr. President, for the good of the our gov. direct AG Sessions to start a FULL investigation on Mr Comey's
His actions show bias towards individuals in our political party.
Fire him mr president
Flynn already got fired
Bring Flynn back!!!!!
Funny in media you oppose Russia and trump. In hearings you seem to be covering for trump's collusion with Russia. I HAD great respect.
This I can definitely agree with.  Flynn was a bad choice from the start.
You're fired Comey!
Obama Hated Flynn & had it in for him
He directed his people to do all they could to get Flynn fired!
@LouDobbs 
These people think is they keep showing Deplorables SHINY COMEY STORIES we won't think about DEM BUDGET Republicans made us eat!
#GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #CompromisedPresidency #WannabDickTraitor
That Trump/Putin Kool Aid is starting to taste super-sweet, eh Senator? @JoeNBC @DavidWetherell @nytimes @maddow @MSNBC @TheLeadCNN
Stop using black woman as a scapegoat. @AmbassadorRice Is your district gerrymandered? #BlackWomenAtWork #SouthCarolina #resist @womensmarch
More Sanctions for Russia! Introduce it. If you aren't with us, you're against us. Prove to America that you aren't with "them".
What u expect her to say, Obama kiss ass!!!!
Pieces of a story will never reveal the truth. None of these elected and appointed officials are telling the truth. Covering their own A$&.
Any confirmation on conversation with Lynch
Israel Lobby lackey @LindseyGrahamSC talks #Russia influence but not Israel's: http://america-hijacked.com/2016/08/29/lets-talk-about-russian-influence/ …
So where was obama on this? Flynn was already vetted!
Gotta have a "scapegoat" for all the illegal surveillance!  Get "It was a video" Susan "Sticky" Rice, under oath, to testify!!!
And did they tell Trump
Would you agree that you potentially talked to Yates about Gen. Flynn being "compromised" (is the word we are using today)?
Time for truth and enough inuendo, Comey keeps the Russian Connection alive for political reasons.
Comey is not acceptable as FBI Director, he skirts questions that he should be answering, but doesn't because he's under oath.
Fire him!
Yates told the truth and was fired for what she knew. Period!
Everyone was well aware of this the administration just lied.
https://twitter.com/khanoisseur/status/836783817151012864 …
When she met with Bill...she was compromised. They are Liberal so all is forgiven.
When ??? Was it when he was working for obama administration?
No surprise really
Once again breach of protocol
Why is the Senate so obsessed with Weiner while Trump refuses to release documents about Flynn....#coverup.
How the fuck can comey even say some one is compromised? He is the reason Hillary was allowed to be above justice he's the definition of it.
Yet he never mentioned Yates concerns to POTUS during vetting? What the hell
I say lock up comey Yates obama Hilary and then some

How could a shutdown be good, with parks closed, gov't services unavailable and people furloughed? Answer: Golf at Mar-a-lago unaffected. 
Thankfully we only had to listen to 6 minutes of @SenFranken & his utter nonsense. What a pig he is.
Loretta lynch & the dems screwed Comey, she recused herself on purpose so just this would happen.Lynch & Bill C. meant to get caught meeting
What can you talk about than Mr Comedy?
Uh oh
Our elected officials sound Like idiots especially Franken. I guess guilt by association is true. SNL crew were all druggies, you too ?
Flynn is a traitor.
Why didn't you ask if @HillaryClinton & Podesta are being looked at in the Russia probe?There's clear ties&it's wrong to ignore them @POTUS
Yates was fired by Trump to save a traitor's a$$ that being Michael Flynn
Oops
This whole hearing is a joke...
Our elected officials asked such Stupid questions no wonder nothing gets done in Washington. Tax Payers dollars at its best
He also confirmed there is an “active” counterintelligence investigation into the Trump campaign and Russian ties. #prison #treason
Does anyone, these days, give a straight answer to a direct question? Even the President of the United States, equivocates!
Comey also sad that "WikiLeaks is information porn damaging to the security of the United States of America"
of course White House covered up for Flynn. total incompetence to name a foreign agent as our NSA
We'll hear the REAL truth when Sally Flynn testifies.
Who the hell is Sally Flynn?
Franken on time to turn hearing off
So much talk about Russia interfering in our elections, but nothing about Obamas interference in elections of other sovereign nations. #maga
You've got to be fucking kidding me... this is a total clown circus.
@LindseyGrahamSC be a man for once,Lindsey! Be a US Senator

Russian court’s verdict against Putin’s main opponents

http://www.libertyfighters.uk/world/8796/  
Something just isn't right here
Yea... trump and his cronies!
^AGAIN LETS FACE IT HERE FOLKS, COMEY TRUMP'S STOOGE NOW, RUSSIA OWNS TRUMP, BUDGET SUCKS, & ALL THEY WANT TO DO IS MISDIRECT FROM ALL THIS.
I believe our governments biggest fear is Russia leaking the truth. This oversight hearing is a circus.

CNN-Trump struggle over running his first 100 day commercial

http://www.libertyfighters.uk/world/cnn-trump-struggle-over-running-his-first-100-day-commercial/ … 
Graham is a traitor to his own kind
just another inept hearing with comey he sold out a long time ago !
Graham also got Comey to confirm that Weiner having classified emails was a crime, & yet Comey himself has said the case is not prosecutable
Those emails were forwarded to Weiner, two crimes, transference and storage of classified materials.
Comey said she wasn't charged because there was no intent of a crime but isn't the very act of mishandling classified info a misdemeanor?
They look like felonies to me, #Comey is protecting Hillary, period!
His argument is there was no intent tho....just incompetency
McCarthy argued that was beyond the scope of the Law, mishandling = gross negligence, the basic element of the criminal act.
WHEN did he tell her? If during Obama, did she tell him? If during Trump, did she tell him? or LEAK???

A nude photo taken by Instagram model on A sacred mountain in New Zealand sparked tensions but WHY ?

http://www.libertyfighters.uk/world/a-nude-photo-taken-by-instagram-model-on-a-sacred-mountain-in-new-zealand-sparked-tensions-but-why/ … 
If Flynn was compromised he would have been arrested already. Think people. This just politics.
Is there an FBI investigation of who is funding the paid rioters in cities to working to undermine and overthrow the elected U.S. govt?
Right. Michael Flynn, is compromised but Weiner isn't. Give me a break
James Comey is comprised!!
Source?

Why most Russians prefer Le Pen as the next France president :polls show

http://www.libertyfighters.uk/europe/why-most-russians-prefer-le-pen-as-the-next-france-president-polls-show/ … 
We need to protect our Russian friends. Start the war engines or something. Drop more bombs.
Fire him now
This guy needs to go the grand jury
Didn't Michael Flynn sell uranium to the Russians? Oh no, my bad that was Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Uranium rights.  It can't be exported, and it was ultimately Obama's deal to veto if he wanted.
She went behind Obama's back.
Why didn't U have Em arrested then Comey???
Did Comey influence the election?
He would have changed it is he locked Hilary up.
