.@LindseyGrahamSC Tons of constituents in SC (R's and D's) are going to be very disappointed. She is NOT qualified. #SCsaysnoDeVos
agreed! And Sessions
I was hoping he'd put country (and kids) over party, but sadly I think he's just another GOP rubber stamp 
.@RickeySiked @ChristinaC0x @LindseyGrahamSC Fully aware. Want some1 who's attended/worked in/managed pub schools & not bought nomination
She's had her way for 20 years in MI. Our scores have dropped precipitously. Why does empirical evidence not matter to you?
How so? Please explain.
wrong answer.
Not acceptable. Hire the best, not the #intern.
This is not okay. As an educator of SC, I am saddened to see your support. You chose money over children.
DeVos's  simplistic ideas are elitist and result in economic, religious, and economic segregation of students. Vote no.
NO!!!!! i was starting think you were the only (R) not being blackmailed by Bannon. i was wrong. #noDevos #disabilityrights
So disappointed in you. She is NOT qualified & I believe you know it. Stand up for what is right! Shameful
Keep towing the party line. Back another grossly unqualified nominee. Disgraceful.
we are watching you on this if SC Declines like MI has ('Wild West of charter schools') you will be held to account here
As an educator, I'm extremely disappointed that party lines would supercede common sense!
- Oh Lindsey... this is pathetic.
Shame on you. Shame.
Most of your constituents are the products of public schools. They didn't fail us at all! You are failing us.
29385 Very disappointed in your choice to vote for @BetsyDeVos I will not be voting for you next election. #SCsaysnoDeVos
Did you get threatened or did you get bought?
Oh! Senator Graham! She is so unqualified! How could you do that? Would you let her teach in your local school? No?
unacceptable. Did you watch the same confirmation hearing I did?
very disappointing
How can you support someone who has no qualification in leading this position. Listen to your state. Relection.
NOOOO.She will destroy our schools, our children.We need you to fight for America's children. #BetseyDeVos
Meh. How can you be so good (Against Trump) and so bad at the same time? You're giving me whiplash. #resist #DumpDevos
Honestly, any person who won't stand up for the rights of disabled students to be included in the classroom is no good.
Devos is incompetent. Your votes of capitulation will be remembered.
Any Secretary of Education who knows nothing of IDEA or public education is a bad idea. Mucho Sad. #PutKids1st
Very disappointed in your decision; you're risking children's futures on an incredibly unqualified candidate. #notodevos
you know in your heart she is the wrong choice.  I know you do.
Hmmm. More humor?  Too bad this isn't the onion.
@LindseyGrahamSC - How myopic and condescending, segregating the disabled from society. Retro to Nitsche, neanderthal, elitist, arguably Constitutional?
I honestly thought you were going to be one of the few Republicans who stood up for what the party used to be. Disappointed
Just when I was beginning to think you might be okay you pull a bone head move like this. Sometimes better to just keep mum
All you do is make noise. A squeaky door mat. I am incredibly disappointed yet not surprised you chose party over kids
Boooooooo! 
NOT QUALIFIED. Country over Party!
SHAME ON YOU for taking money away from the public school children!!!  SHAME!
no time to be a partisan hack.
please reconsider and vote NO on Devos!
So disappointed in you. Why do u keep caving? #resist #NoBanNoWall #stopsessions #StopDeVos
Change can be very good, but only if it is good change.  DeVos is not qualified.  American deserves better.
please don't for my children's sake
your good intentions are something I complete agree with in this statement. I don't see her qualifications for this change.
you have GOT to be kidding.
that's a bad call. She is not qualified and doesn't want better public schools.
how much $$ did DeVos pay you off?
Rep Senators shud all b ashamed! U know she isn't qualified! Is the goal is to keep 98% of kids uneducated from now on?
PLEASE HELP US! Our country is being taken over by Bannon! Please stop this before it is too late! HELP!!
I know many SC teachers and all are opposed to her. Obviously you're not listening.
I am a current student in South Carolina, and I urge you to vote NO. Do not ruin our country's education. #SCsaysnoDeVos
I am so disappointed in your judgement. Our students deserve better.
mucho sad bro.  Dumb move for a smart guy.
SC 29611 here. STOP approving Trump nominees. DeVos is a fund raiser, not an educator. No business leading the charge.
shameless, spineless
He flips and flops . . .
shame on you for taking tax payer money to support for profit charter schools. Done in Mich and Pence did in@ In. Shameful!
She's woefully unqualified. She couldn't answer SIMPLE questions on IDEA. We're watching, Sir.
Thank you for damning our education system, Senator Graham. Burning a house down isn't the best way to improve it
You have no spine.  SC consistently ranks lowest among public education.  Putting the party above your constituents. Shame
I was just staring to like you. Come on!  Seriously?
I urge you to reconsider this. She won't reform our schools and many of your constituents don't want this
@greenpeaceusa you're gonna need a lot more spines!
ugh. Just when I was warming up to you.
was just starting to see some hope for you.  Didn't take long for you to disappoint.
listen to what the people in your state are telling you. That is why you were elected in the first place.
.. So, you don't care about future tax rolls? Without special education, my son can't reach his full potential. For shame!!
Typical Repub. schill. You talk a good game but underneath it all you are just like them. Will work to vote you out!
Thanks, but no thanks.  We'll take this but PLEASE DO NOT VOTE FOR SESSIONS OR TILLERSON!
Congrats, Senator. Ur responsible for putting the most unqualified person in US history in the Cabinet. U sir, are a coward
Shame on you.  I really thought you would have the country's best interests in mind.
if you really do value public education which is our hope for the future you will vote NO on DeVos.
This tweet paid for by Betsy DeVos. #NoOnDeVos
So how much $ did it take for you to vote against  public education? #publiceducation #devos #failure #paytoplay
Generally find you on right side of issues and appreciate your leadership very much, but can't agree with you here.
*coughs
And I thought you were somewhat sensible..
probably because she lined your pockets too. Pathetic excuse for a politician.
bad move Senator. I guess you have to pick your battles, but she is wrong for education.
.@LindseyGrahamSC I've been proud of your principled stands when others sat back, but this is wrong. DeVos will destroy public education
NO!
Then we can't support you and the people will vote you out!
this is a mistake
- and here I thought you actually cared about the American people. Your support for DeVos shows you don't care at all! Sad!
Nooooo, we need you now more than ever! U can't possibly believe DeVos is capable. Thanks for the generation of dumb Americans to follow.
hope this is one of the maneuvers to block other worse nominees
I am sure there are more qualified options. #NoOnDevos
I called your office many times. Not one return call. No letter. No email. I am a proud SC educator who deserves better.
This announcement supporting DeVos alarms and saddens me. You grew up in SC. I in KY. Many counties have one HS. Choice?
Sad. I have been hoping you would fight back.
Boo! You cannot pretend that she is even remotely qualified for the job!
seriously? Thank you for standing up for the right thing on Trump's ban, but really??!  DeVos?My pet turtle could do better
Your support of this inept & unqualified nominee is a disgrace to all citizens of South Carolina and all Americans. @LindseyGrahamSC
That is disappointing to me, a parent of a public school student.
say no
How much money have you received from the DeVos family Senator?
! @LindseyGrahamSC supports DeVos; guess not surprising since only 77% of South Carolina students even manage to graduate high school.
why...no experience sorry to not support your stupidity
this is very disappointing. Devos is not qualified for this position.
PLEASE reconsider this before it's too late.  Public schools will suffer immensely.
Bad decision. This person has no business leading the department for public education.
bad. she is incompetent
You enabled unqualified crony capitalist to rob our kids and DOE. Sad!
disagree
Nooo! SC has a larger % of public schools than the national %. We need a SecofEdu that can relate. Not a billionaire donor.
agent of change is right. Not all change is good. Look at Michigan. She is not the right choice.
with people like you and @SenatorTimScott  in office no wonder SC schools are at the bottom
I am so disappointed with your decision. Will you release the tally of voter calls that told you that SC favors DeVos?
I'm sad to see this. She is grossly unqualified. Senator Graham, please reconsider your position.
ugh. Please reconsider. She is very unqualified. I have faith in you doing right by our country.
Are you kidding me? Lindsey, wtf? I thought you were more than a partisan hack.
Question: do you believe that disabled students are important enough to receive federal protections? If so, vote #NoDeVos
I am one of your constituents from Anderson, SC. Please do not vote to confirm Nancy DeVos. She is not qualified.
She has zero experience & bought the position with her family's Amway $. She didn't even have an opinion on guns in schools
she had on opinion on guns in schools guns are only thing keeping the grizzlies out
Truly disappointed.
Extremely disapptd w your lack of backbone, Senator. Hold high respect for you, but doubt your ability to stand up to POTUS
You seem like a nice person. Why would u do this 2 us? You can see clearly nobody wants her. Why are u willing to hurt us?
I am so disappointed. The health and vitality of our schools is in your hands. Your constituents are wildly opposed to this
Please NO NO NO
Would you hire someone with no medical experience to run a hospital?  Of course not.  Why do the same with our schools?
there are more folks in SC with the experience & qualifications than Betsy. Please listen to the educators of your state.
please reconsider. I understand the political pressure to capitlate. She isn't qualified however, and teachers are scared
Dismayed @LindseyGrahamSC to see your support for an unqualified nominee for such an important role.
There are better ways to reform and support our Public Schools. Look to @A2schools Please #NotoDeVos
DeVos simply wants to buy a position of influence. That's what the rich do. Not qualified. #oligarchy
It's a shame you don't listen to the teachers, parents, students, and school boards who want you to vote no on DeVos.
very disappointed in your decision. You  clearly aren't listening to your constituents.
Ugh. I love ya, man, but this is a disappointment.  Can't agree with this.
SC demographics changing.  We will remember this partisan vote

very disappointing
Michigan doesn't...and we should know.
SC's education issues have to do with funding. How about putting education into the hands of educators? DeVos is not one.
She's not remotely qualified for this job. She couldn't answer basic qs (diff. between growth and proficiency). Political patronage. Shame.
this is ludicrous. You will NOT get my votes the future.
Why support a woman who campaigns against public education?  Very disappointing.
and there goes any respect for you. And good luck to the growth of public education in SC and any other state.
I thought you were the last bastion of GOP sanity. Her own education is poorer than most teachers!
Please stop this madness.  You know as well as anyone she is not the right person for the job. Our children are at stake.
Put Children over partisan politics. #StopDeVos
A HUGE disappointment. This woman is NOT QUALIFIED to OBSERVE a classroom let alone define policy 4 millions of kids.
...just saying Lindsey. I do declare.. bless your heart.
not your finest moment. She has NO experience. We have a POTUS with NO experience and see how well that's going thus far
DeVos is a parents' worst fear.  She doesn't know public schools or education.  You are putting our children at risk.
wow. The small amount of respect I had for you is gone
sad we are putting the future of our children in the hands of someone who doesn't understand basic ed concepts and IDEA
you're as bad as the rest
I'm sorry to hear this. I still appreciate that you've stood up to the new administration in other areas Thank you for that
SHAME on you. You have crushed the hopes of thousands of SC children, parents and teachers. Why don't you care?
you and @SenJohnMcCain talk a big game but continue to fall into line with your party when push comes to shove
You have no backbone. Party over millions of children. Betsy doesn't know BASIC education concepts. #DumpDevos
Hope whatever she's paying you will help support you when you're not re-elected...shame on you!!!
your own constituents are against this tic tic tic GONE
As a product of SC public education, I am disappointed to see you support a woman who has no experience with setting policy
sad  no teacher wants this. She is not qualified at all.
How will you engineer charter schools that can be supported in low-income rural areas in addition to public schools?
as a Michigan resident, I know how destructive Ms. DeVos's "theories" are to low income children. You will too!
Just when i thought you were my Republican spirit animal. There is no excuse for this.  None.
Started following you after you spoke out against the #RefugeeBan but I'm disgusted by your support of DeVos.
Why??!?!
Just because a school is public does not mean it will fail our kids. I'm a teacher. Attitude is EVERYTHING.
she's not qualified to teach in a single classroom, knows nothing of child development or education policy. #StopDeVos
very disappointed in you on this vote. She is not qualified.  I thought better of you.
thought you were one of the good ones. Stop with the politics and put our children first!
You do not represent me. #SayNoToBetsyDeVos
Big mistake. What happened to your sensible solutions to things. You just go with the herd
No. Stop. She's and idiot!!!!!!
Please Senator---take a look at the backlash from maj of educators.  She is NOT qualified NOR experienced.  Please VOTE NO!
not a good decision she is not the right choice
Shame on you Senator.  You seemed to have courage and integrity.  Maybe not.
Disappointed about this.  She has no experience, isn't sure states should have to educate kids like me.
Are you listening to your constituents? @BetsyDeVos may have paid you off, but she can't buy our votes back. #noDevos
i respect many of your positions especially regarding the ridiculous proposals of the curr admin, but sir this is a mistake
Well that's disappointing sir, she is horrifically unqualified. Perhaps you are choosing your battles?
Very disappointed.
noooo!  You have been the voice of reason for Republicans!  Don't stop!
you seem like a voice of reason right now. How will you limit Erik Prince / Blackwater access to Whitehouse?
please reconsider your decision. Students in SC deserve better than this. #VoteNoDevos #Unqualified
No more votes for you from this SC home I'll work to back anyone else when you come up for election
disappointed in this. Luckily SC pub. schools can't get much worse than they are now #StartedAtTheBottomStayingAtTheBottom
please Senator, listen to teachers. She is unqualified & has never overseen college. A trillion budget can't be for profit
School choice is fine. Buying a spot in the cabinet is not.
I'll assume you need to pick your battles, but this is disappointing
Thank God for Mississippi
you're out of your fucking mind.
, I am a graduate of Clemson and CofC. Shame on you. SC deserves much better than DeVos and you know it.
Sir, I am a Democrat who has respected your integrity and humor. You lost me on this one. Terrible decision.
Very disappointing.
oh come on!  Seriously?  Just when I was starting to think you could be that Republican hero.  Where is your common sense?
As a SC voter, this is so disappointing. Our children deserve better.
It's not going to change with DeVos. #NoDeVos
GOP needs to stand up against unqualified Trump candidates. Trump is steamrollin you. Side with Trump, you're done! Vote NO
I WS srmtartung to like you. Oh well, figures you'd hop back in line.
no way you wrote that with a straight face.  It's ok to call her what she is, completely unqualified
Shame on you! Terrible choice!
Damn, I was just starting to warm up to you.
