Did screen shot so Americans can know this is what is high on @LindseyGrahamSC priority list. PREP TIME.
U r the typical politician - talk big do nothing.  History will judge u and @SenJohnMcCain very harshly as do nothing hypocrites. Not amigos
Doesn't tweet anything of importance. He only retweets. No words of confidence of being able to rely on @LindseyGrahamSC .
No hash tag traitor trump? Hash tag Clemson? Guess we know what @LindseyGrahamSC is promoting. And it's not patriotism.
Great when you're done find out how to stop Russians from colluding w/Trump and get GOP to improve Obamacare. Do the job you were elected 4.
I'll be sure and pass this around to American voters @LindseyGrahamSC . It will absolutely tell them your a fraud.
Constituent here, please confront POTUS on Russia. He is covering up. He & his cronies&family are complicit.
Not gonna happen. @Lindseygraham and @SenJohnMcCain are cowards, hypocrites and probably on the take.

I find it terrifying Rs in senate are in charge of keeping the country safe, when you sit by and watch Trump play footsie with Putin.
. The President has sold our country for cash and continues 2 commit treason in front of our eyes. What will u do 2 protect our democracy?
So what are you doing about a very ill man in #whitehouse ? Or don't you give a damn about our country?
What's stopping you from asking House Judiciary to send over Articles of Impeachment? It only takes a simple majority in the house.
Please use your voice and platform to denounce trump.
God ... you desperate bunch ...
I really wish you'd leave the Republican Party. You have far too much character and personality to be a republican.
Americans are watching U @LindseyGrahamSC . Who do U think U R? U R only hurting yourself & our country. Can't U see this?
I don't agree with you all the time by a long shot, tho sometimes I do, but I definitely appreciate your sense of humor.  Watched it today.
you now, tdumpf being a celebrity means women used to let him press the meat
I think U should meet w/ Putin and get the facts or R U to afraid?
Please, please be a wise independent voice, Senator Graham, for all of us.  Thank you.
Liberal media will be kinder to Graham than a town hall in S.C.  The people of the State chose Trump to be their president not Graham.
Vote @LindseyGrahamSC out please
Graham you shpuld have waited until you cpulx talk to POTUS about Putin meeting befpre feeding your negative bullshit to the MSM and Dems.
You have me so mad I messed up my spelling in my previous response. You are nothing but a self centered RINO
Turn State TV off once in a while.
Yeah go to fox or infowars where the real news is lol
Did you see these this morning?
He doesn't care. He's complicit. Another GOPer for whom I've lost all respect.  He's enabling our country being sold out to Russia.
When was the last time you voted for anyone with an R next to that person's name?
Grandstanding @LindseyGrahamSC  South Carolina, time to get rid  of this guy. Needs to be gone 2020. MAGA & Dump him
Time for GOP to stand up for Democracy and put an end to this horrendous administration. Inhabitants of WH are breaking laws left and right.
Well, this proves the only thing that matters to @LindseyGrahamSC is being on TV. He actually makes prep. time something important.
Lindsey Graham as a TRUE PATRIOT. Heads are gonna roll for your inaction. Man up @LindseyGrahamSC ,this is America for God's sake. (4
Like a traitor. Only action will prove to voters where @LindseyGrahamSC really stands. And right now voters are not seeing (3
Plans to do to stop @realDonaldTrump from teaming up with Putin. Every day @LindseyGrahamSC is looking more and more (2
Do you really think people are interested in your last minute prep. ? You better start explaining what @LindseyGrahamSC (1
Absolutely loved your comments on MTP.
#Complicit #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Knw ignorance is bliss!!! keeping w/The narrative
Nice going Senator Graham as usual your profound statements get everyone thinking outside of the Presidents box !
Keep up the communications
You did great Senator! You came to slay!
Thinking of you on your special day, so grateful for your leadership and friendship. Happy birthday.

graham a RINO hack LOUD MOUTH who talks CRAP Embarrassment to SC. 125 leaks in 126 days of Nation Security concerns Don't hear doodly squat!
Shouldn't you be reading Trump Tweets? How else will you be able to participate in a discussion of "policy?"
Stand up, do the right thing 4 the people and Reject #TrumpCare!
I thought Graham was a patriot. Not any more. Actions speak. McConnell, Ryan, Graham even McCain have disappointed the entire USA.
happy b day
Please retire.
Get to work on US & SC issues or stand aside and let someone else do the heavy lifting. You've become complicit and irreverent.
You talk a lot but do you really say anything substantial? You'll say you want to get to the bottom of it on any problem and yet you don't
Please discuss Trump's announcement of his collusion with Putin.
This ought to be an earth shattering waste of time.
How about them tweets
. great idea lets work with russia on cyber hacking.. #25thAmendmentNow
Whatever you do, don't disparage @realDonaldTrump . Those of you that roll over and do what he wants shouldn't say bad things about him.
For the love of country- do something about that idiot in the White House before our country is destroyed. Stand up and be a true statesman!
We citizens of SC plead with you stop Trumps craziness. You are a senior statesman!
How come so many of your "fans" still believe the debunked Russia narrative and hate the POTUS? 
Can't wait to hear your defense of Trump's shameful performance at G20.  
RIP America. You owe Barack Obama an apology.
Please be honest about Russia's vileness. btw just came back from 6th trip to North Myrtle--love that place!
Surely you will stand against his suggestion of allowing Russia to work on cyber security with the U.S.? Sleeping with the enemy much??
You must address POTUS' latest Tweets. I am a constituent and I vote.
We need some substance and encouragement that you have America's back here. No lifting of sanctions and no cybersec collar with Russia!
u may wanna read @realDonaldTrump latest tweets before going on.
Do you think it's ok to have Cyber security with Russia?  Of all the countries why Russia?  Can't wait to hear the answer to this.
Please give our country hope! Please be the man you are...not the politician. Show the greatness of America when she stands against tyranny.
I can't watch and listen to the lies and see our Country be diminished further.  Do what is right!!
#25thAmendment
They should've been done that from the beginning but they was to focus on themselves.
time to man up and speak out against Trump.
Here's hoping the lights don't suddenly go out during your interview, but as long as the Russians are allowed to hack our infrastructure...
I mean, the president is a traitor, plain and simple. It's time to call the duck a duck.
Trump is advertising that he believes Putin over our own IC. Outright says our IC suck.

Will YOU patiently wait for someone else to act?
Hope you get asked about the insane tweets this morning
Anxious to see which @LindseyGrahamSC shows up today. The respectable patriot or Trump's sycophantic traitor.
Wikileaks and Trump are directly tweeting each other too! Wth fix this insanity! Treason is right in front of your face!! Repubs/complicit
@GOP 
Stop campaigning !

Don't care about process!

Support our President!

Fight fake news!

American Patriotism
Love Russia?
American people (both sides) need you / congress to step up and protect the US from a foreign country! #Russia Country before party!
Rip the traitor, Lindsey.
Senator, PLEASE help reign in the Siberian Candidate in the Oval Office in his appeasement of the criminals in the Kremlin! It's critical!!!
Talk about our treasonous president or keep quiet.
