Hate to agree with Lindsay, but I'm also tired of Trump's whining about Jeff Sessions.
I suppose we can expect more unConstitutional "bans" like the one he announced today against LGBTQs in the armed services.
Snippy. #lindseygraham sounds pretty fed up w/ Trump!?  #savesessions #JeffSessions #MAGA #FoxNews #Mueller #GOP
Graham is a democrat
This looks like real empathy from Graham. Would like to see same level of caring for people about to lose health care.
I recall seeing him on Bill Maher referring to Trump and what he will do to America: do you want to be shot or poisoned?
Did he say that? The shot or poisoned line?
He actually did. I will see if I can find it.
Thanks for the reminder that Graham hasn't been a footstool like a lot of Rs. Still need to see Rs show courage w health care.
I was happy yet disappointed that so many voted against the bill yet also for it. McCain had an opportunity to do the right thing yet didn't
He could have inspired this nation with his actions instead of an empty speech.
I think for him he approached it as a swan song meant deliver a profound message but fell painfully short of the mark.
I wish you had been that forceful when Obama humiliated Christians & targeted theTea Party by using the IRS!Where were you then?#shamefuldem
GrahamDo you know how to back your party and your president. I have never seen you do that. I always thought you were a dem. RESPECT!  Him.
Is my sincere belief that Russia hacked only the highest Electoral College voter  States to hack
Your threatening potus?If he wants he can fire whoever.Don't say" if you fire sessions"there will be holy hell to pay"who are youPass a bill
You guys knew what you were getting into when you supported Trump. How's that karma working out for ya? Wink wink
@realDonaldTrump He doesn't want to fire him or he would.  He wants him to do his job just like the rest of us do.
I like this guy and I'm black, I like what he has to say and how he say it
You're constantly acting as a foil to POTUS. Stop trying to undermine him at every chance.
No sane person will go against US Constitution and be royal to orange twitty...
Swamp Dweller, You aren't someone who should give POTUS advice; he can work circles around you; bless your heart!
I hate Sessions policies and wish him gone.  However, Trump is mentally unstable and incompetent and he needs to be gone
I don't get it,why do Trump supporters continue to believe him?When will you wake up &smell the stench & chaos in WH?
WELL, let's see: have you met w/POTUS? has he told you he wants US AG to quit? If not, shut up! Sessions said he WASN'T quitting. ... 1
Time to investigate Senator Graham on how he became a full Colonel without serving a day and since he was a major.
Graham, Collins & murkowski are the only Republicans with spines, the rest are all cowards bending over and letting the Buffon have his way.
Lindsay Graham and his 1% support means nothing. Where was Lindsay Graham when the Dems were calling him a liar
How could this happening in America? Shame! Fake president!
Remember America chose Trump....so the consequences should be faced by all..
Not!!!
Nothing but Professionalism! Lindsey the straight shooter!
Sounds like my job
I'm Republican, and we need a hero. I trust in you. I like how you are standing up to Trump for what you believe. God help you help us.
Replying to @FoxNews @EricTrump @AGLynch
#EricTrump what about #CrookedHillary
I agree with you Senator Lindsey Graham Trump either Should stop Attacking Jeff Session s or Fire Him .This is a Signof weakness @JohnKasich
Looks like Graham wasn't getting enough attention. Threatening POTUS & pretending to know what he's thinking! Shame on you Graham!
Graham why don't you worry about your own mess and stop whining about Sessions & what you don't like. Go do your job!
Why do you (GOP) keep extending the ladder as he digs his way down to the bottom of humanity? Many people are getting sucked down that hole.
Rhino
I say fire the President. . If only:)#
He'd need to call in Mark Burnett and production staff to do that. Nobody's noticed yet that T-Rump/Queeg thinks he's still on Apprentice.
He's not wrong here. Trump is weak--very weak.
True. I just can't stand him. And he wants no SP firings without judicial review.
This clown act needs to be unceremoniously booted out of office.
@LindseyGrahamSC yes! Tell DJT put his money where his mouth is!!!@realDonaldTrump @AScarammucci
These cowardly Senators should fight for the voters like they are fighting for Sessions
He's just trying to get Sessions to do his job.
Sessions is implementing many illegal, immoral and unconstitutional procedures against US citizens.
I hope and pray @LindseyGrahamSC gets fired come election time. I'm sorry McCain is sick but it doesn't change the fact you two are traitors
Replubicans have a plan in place if Trump goes full Russia I think they just getting as much money off deals we don't see while they can
Hell we want Graham to quit more than Sessions!

Please Senator Graham is to into #fake Drama
You Senator, along with McCain, on a regular basis show why we need term limits in the House and Senate.  Neither of you two have a clue!
Sessions has been incompetent. Hasn't done his job investigating Hillary crimes & white house leaks. Recused himself from clearing president
straight up business.
He's  trying to get Sessions to put pressure on the Democrats so Trump does not have to continuously play defense.  Turn attention to them
Haha you support sessiions when it fits your agenda...
#CNN and MSM all hated Sessions. Then POTUS tweets and they rush to defend him. Now Sessions to announce leak investigation? 3D chess anyone
No he's not all u libs and rhinos r being played
I wish Graham would quit. He can't figure out if he's coming or going.
Then he runs away quickly 
Get this illegal loving fool out of Congress. This is in part why conservative agenda doesn't have a chance.
You had a great deal of power to make a positive difference and you didn't use it....
Two words for @LindseyGrahamSC  man up.
Another party elitist with butt hurt.
Trump used it like a boss, he lit a fire under sessions ass. Did it work? Hell yes. Sessions is kicking investigations & leaks into gear
I wish he could fire congress
He doesnt WANT to fire him u idiots!! He wants him stronger and fight and work harder

Thank you
He's not trying to make him quit, he's trying to get him to do his job and investigate the Clinton, Comey, Lynch, Obama, DNC crime machine..
@LindseyGrahamSC is there anything You can do to get #POTUSTrump to quit? @jj5barry @Brasilmagic @AynRandPaulRyan @RVAwonk @tissna @CNN @NPR
graham torn on which racist to support- look at the eyes going left and right
We want Trump to quit.
@POTUS made his name in TV "firing" people (even tried trademarking phrase). ironic he's too chicken to do it in person. @LindseyGrahamSC
Sessions will be fired!
Continue to follow the bread crumbs. 
Russian sanctions & Putin-Trump secret agreements, 
(Probably paid for by Putin.)
Lindsey the continued voice of reason. Keep it up!

You need balls to fire people, bully's have none.
#ResidentDump is a coward! Needs to hide behind someone for all heavy decisions.
Session is not going to quit nor fired
This Bog Boy just won't talk strait....Trump wants to obstruct justice.
@realDonaldTrump get some aloe cuz YOU just got 
The AG works directly for the sitting POTUS.
The attorney general works for us, so does the president.
Grab that camera time and photo ops. Lilnd You and CNN have a thing. Why even comment if it causes division? That's right. you are swamp
He's distancing himself from Sessions, maybe to increase the optics of being independent from the AG's Office.
he is a coward 
much like someone else whose initials are LG.
Trump knows what he is doing and it worked! Sessions soon to announce several new investigations which will please the POTUS and his base.
Exactly...let's see if POTUS will swallow his ego and fire his AG...laughable!
He's got to go
This fool cannot stay away from cameras'.
Gonna be a Mexican Standoff! It would be great if he fires the"Keebler Elf". Then he can be impeached for Obstruction of Justice!
Hope GOP takes a good look at Trumps public flogging of Jeff Sessions. R u all starting to understand what this psychopath is capable of??
Trump is too much if a coward to speak or act directly silly!
That what you get for suppporting Trump I wonder if Sessions is having 2nd thoughts about helping get this lunatic in the WH  who's next
You should quit lib in Conservative clothing
Our amazing President @realDonaldTrump has tooking jabs from everyone and is still standing tall,the American people will stand by his side
@LindseyGrahamSC has the right idea. I hope Sessions follows it
It's time for all Republicans join the dump the (asshole) Donnie campaign  and impeach ..save America it's great already
Thank you Sen Graham!  I am an independent voter, not a Trump supporter but its so encouraging to see you guys stand up for whats right!
Your president never acts presidential.
Exactly! A nickel is a nickle, and a dime is a dime!
Aww, sowwy, but #potus is too afwaid to fiwer Sessions!
Weakness is when you wish you were president and you're not so you just bash the president every chance you get. So lame Lindsey Graham
@LindseyGrahamSC Thank you for your voice, in this matter & yesterday's 2nd vote. I hope one day you run again for president.
Wish he could Fire You!
Now you think session is great but you didn't when he had to go through the bullshit of being approved by u idiots!
@LindseyGrahamSC  I hope you have stopped defending Trump.  He is guilty in the Russian thing. That is now obvious!
I hope Sessions stays on, make Trump fire him if he wants him out that bad, he's a jerk
I wish someone would fire you!
Fire him, if he doesn't,t quit today. Get him out.....sissy
Sessions is a dishonest man. He shld resign
Potus continued public bashing of his AG is proof that Stump is the most unprofessional,  unethical, impotent jackass to occupy the WH
When is his wife " the First Lady" going to start her cyber bullying program. She needs to start with her husband!
I am pretty sure Graham just called 45* a chicken butt.
True trump is weak impeached him
Finally a strong president!

Everyone has a opinion on what the president is thinking the president wants the AG to find leaker & start criminal investigations!
Why isn't anyone talking about issues which Trump has raised about investigating leaks,Clinton,Comey and Lynch.Trump raised genuine issues
no we want Graham to quit for being a closet democrat who belongs to Obama resistance party.Took money from Soro's.Sessions is staying
the guy in this video need to quit.
He is Baiting Trump and I hope takes it
You know the world has gone crazy when you find yourself agreeing with Lindsay Graham and thinking his is the voice of reason sometimes.
Here's a better idea...
#ImpeachTrump and oust the @GOP who support and protect him
You tell him!
I don't give a damn how Sessions go.. just let his ass be GONE.. he should have never been AG in the 1st..Mother King told ya'll asses
No , wrong as usual, Trump is forcing Sessions to do his job
So where does FLOTUS stand on this cyber bullying? Haven't heard about her initiative lately.
@LindseyGrahamSC You need to get all your colleagues to speak out. Trump is running rampant over our great country. He must be stopped!
This man is the quintessential definition of a foot dragging USELESS THUMP!
I'd bet big money Trump would stop harassing Sessions if the AG reversed recusal and fired Mueller.  
Another assumption. More speculation!!  Report FACTS. Ooooopppppssss this is CNN. FAKE news!
Fired-by-Trump may become the greatest strength a resume can contain.
The problem with Sessions isn't that he is weak. He is a authoritarian that wants to increase Unconstitutional Civil Assets Forfeiture
@LindseyGrahamSC loves the camera. I think he'd talk about peeing into the wind if it got him camera time
Dont BACK DOWN Sessions---let the ass-wipe fire you!!!l
Bitter LOSER!!! Hahahahahaha!!!!!
Who knew the Rep. were capable of cannibalism. Members of his own party turning on him. Rep. Usually stick to the script
Funny just a few months ago media and Dems hated him. Now they defend him?  When he launches investigation on leaks they will hate again
Trump has done nothing good since he became president.Rather he has demonstrated demagogue who is bully!bully, xenophobic, sexist & racist .
As Nixon said to Eisenhower in 1956 when Eisenhower was considering dropping him from the ticket: "Either s**t or get off the pot'
@jeffsessions you are doing a great job.  Please do not quit. @POTUS please stop pressuring him to quit. He is your strongest supporter!

As usual Graham you are WRONG.
@jaketapper Exactly. For someone who claims other people are weak and he is strong- stand up be a man look him in the eye and fire him.
Trump has made an enemy out of EVERYONE, this is all intentional to destabilize the country and it's systems.
Fire everybody in the Administration.
Been there did that! Ride it until the wheels fall off, fire me.

he is trying to get him to do his job and it is working.
This is u ignorant one.
Speaking of WEAK. Just look at Lindsey graham. He's weak.
He can't fire Sessions because that would be another obstruction of justice.
@LindseyGrahamSC That's where Linsey is wrong...like the D.C. Cried..he does not get it...I'm Pres wanted him fired...he would fire him
We agree Sen Graham. This is a typical Trump tactic to insult and attempt to humiliate people that don't support his every ego need. Too bad
Yes make President man up ...but Session should stay
#FakeNews  #FakeNewsCNN #CNNisFakeNews  #CNNISscum #leftisttraitors #thelefthateamerica
#FireSessions Don't stand behind this man just to spite Trump, evil is evil. Trump will fall with or without Sessions
I wish you stop your rhetoric.  You always support Trump when you should vote no
Finally a republican with a backbone!
We need to get rid of Senator Graham in next elections.  I hope someone pro Trump run against him in his state.
Trump is showing his supporters that he is above the law,  and he is looking for loyalty and not following the rules! He is pushing Sessions
We wish we could fire Graham
Trump is not equipped to be President. What a mess his presidency is. I hope people now see what happens when you elect an idiot President!
Way to go! Brave man! When is enough is enough? What is wrong with this President? He is not above the law. Make him realize whatever way!
Good attempt senator but call it what it is. Doesn't show weakness, shows cowardice.
Not agree
#keepsessions I hope they work this out.  I really like Jeff Sessions.  #MAGA  @POTUS
A racist in favor of a racist!
It's funny to me. Let's fuck with the guy that backed you right out of he gate!!! Sessions must have something or trump was advised he did
Mic drop!
Tweet & Retweeted by a Pres. candidate that was never higher in the polls than 1 % and a news network that Yogi Bear beats in the ratings.
Sessions wants to do illegal search & seisures, violate the constitution, bye bye...
When do we get the chance to fire this senator?
Unfortunately, Senator, when you put #partyovercountry & support an evil man for president, you get evil. This should come as no surprise.
Aren't u the guy that got paid by Clinton to obstruct??? No good RHINO
