2) to states is NOT some "new" proposal you suddenly thought up. Moving healthcare program $$$ back to states has been proposed all along.
STOP this!!! Listen to the people!!!! Our voices are telling you Improve ACA!! Every bill the GOP has written would devastate healthcare!!
Senator Graham, Heller and Cassidy you don't have all the answers for healthcare! No one person or Party does!! It will take both parties!!
Stop putting Americans thru this!! Shame on you! Trump has attacked the American people with his threats about ACA!  Are you ok with that?!
Work with the democrats to improve ACA! It's about the American people not Trump, you or your party!
Block grants are a bad choice. It means states don't need to spend the money on what it's intended for.
Then they will have to answer to their voters. That's democracy.
True, but people suffer in the process - in this case, the people most vulnerable.
Fix #Obamacare
We need more clarity on what is going on, both procedurally and policy-wise.  We need CBO scores.  It looks like a hot mess from out here.
CBO scores are meaningless when trying to make real world decisions. CBO only calculates impact on federal govt; nothing else.
@TGowdySC #TGowdyForSenate2020
1) Require the grant money to be spent on HC, or penalties/pay back to fed, and 2) keep the mandates, or premiums skyrocket.
It's McCaincare NOW!
The states are less equipped to deal with health care than the Federal Government. You are just fuking up a perfectly good system. 1/2
Yet you voted for the piece of crap last night after blasting it hours earlier.  Have you no spine sir?!  #PartyOverCountry
Doing so would then require states to increase taxes to cover health care benefits. CA, NY, MD and MA residents would then realize true cost
2/2 You come from a backward state, but you don't have to perpetuate that backwardness. Vote for the 83% of American people. Fix the ACA
If you repeal individual and employer mandate, is their a way to incentivize younger, healthier people still getting insurance?
You wicked man appeasing globalists praising government controlled health care. Another sold out politician encouraging cursed #Obamacare
Why don't you stop grand standing?! Your selfish, petty, jealous isn't more attractive now than during campaign. Block grants ... 1)
WE NEED TERM LIMITS TO GET RID OF DEEP STATE OBSTRUCTIONIST RINOS LIKE LINDSEY GRAHAM!
Yes. Repeal on the mandates won't need  a vote from McCain. Mike pence would make it for the number 50.
So disappointed in the republican party  democrates have been acting like true idiots and feel for those that will not be re-elected
PLEASE remove the provision to allow states to waive patient protections. We who live in states w/foolish, destructive governors suffer.
I live in Texas, and @GovAbbott will sell out Texans to corporations every chance he gets. The damage will be catastrophic.
You have no power to keep Trump from firing Muller the Corrupt, unless the House impeaches him, STOP waisting the peoples money
Why don't you adjust your block grant by further cutting federal taxes to leave the money in states hands to begin with.
This is a good idea given the current state of lack of interstate insurance.  It would behoove Congress to look at nationalizing insurance.
Your link does not explain how pre-existing coverage can work without mandates.
#KILLTHEBILL   #JustSayNo
Interesting. Worth further review. At least someone has new thinking. The proposal should be subject to appropriate biparitsan hearings.
It's not a replacement it's McCaincare light formally Obamacare
just stop and do the bipartisan work your friend McCain suggested
You owe them a reason why you tried to screw them senator
U too,so to hell with your constituents in SC it's about your party. You're ok you have great health insurance that the ppl in SC pay for 
Sir I wish you and moderate democrats would work on a bill together. Along with moderate Republicans. I don't think that's asking too much
It is exactly asking too much ... BECAUSE ... "working with Democrats" means Democrats get everything they want & we get screwed!
Government needs to stay out of States business.
BEST IDEA OF 2017: Let's see how FAST Congress moves when THEIR family/staff are on Obamacare.
If such states that don't want will guarantee emergency and hospital care for uninsured freeloaders;@ other states also; else make mandated
Supposed to millions of ppl would have lost their healthcare, why call the bill a fraud then turn around and vote for it b/c McConnell asked
You called the skinny bill half-assed but you let the ppl down in SC b/c if McCain, Collins, Lisa didn't put the ppl first like they were
Anything out of Washington but controlled by Washington is still Government controlled health care. No free market solutions?
Now you come up with a plan? Trying to save your seat but I'm a constituent who will not vote for you & will work to primary you, goodbye!
What's that! A bribe to get Heller's vote for what you called a fraud - "Skinny Repeal?"
Do not vote for this disaster skinny repeal. It was drafted in the dark and hurts people

Wondering tonite if you're American 1st or republican 1st? So many will Hurt if skinny repeal passes/No chance for yr Amendment-plz vote NO
There is no justification for the Senate process on this health care bill. Millions of people’s healthcare is on the line. Bad bill. Vote NO
Do not vote yes on skinny-you are a better man than this cynical and heartless maneuver! Please don't risk our lives/life savings.
This is a disaster, fraud, a terrible bill. You are putting party over people. Why? Please vote no.
You know block grants for health care are wrong. American citizens need health care regardless of the choices of the state where they live.
That's not a proposal, that's taking away something solid in exchange for punting newly created problems back to the states.
Hate to think the same state that is cool w providing "minimally adequate" education in public school will have final say in my healthcare
States Could have gotten $ under the ACA currently if they submitted a plan that was approved Of course Graham not saying that
Graham says "We DON'T care That MANY GOVERNORS are CORRUPT AND WILL KILL THEIR CITIZENS 4 A BUCK"
TRAITORS
Lindsay voted NO to repealing Obama care. I top will vote NO to Lindsay Graham
I am sure all this confusion and secrecy is exactly how we want to handle 1/6 of the economy and health insurance security of 22-33M ppl.
You are a Poroshenko supporting twit. Someday your crimes will catch up with you and McCain and the rest! God is watching.........SO ARE WE
Senator great 2c ur looking 4 new ways 2 push care closer 2 consumer & provider
Have u explored community based HC?
Unless they could get behind basic primary care as a public service. https://www.forbes.com/sites/carolynmcclanahan/2017/03/27/rising-from-the-ashes-a-novel-bipartisan-approach-to-health-care-reform/#5086358b2ab4 …
We thought this was the UNITED States of America. Preamble of the Constitution calls for promoting General Welfare Of the People!
No version of repeal is acceptable. This #TrojanHorse bill is no exception. VOTE "NO" ON #OBAMACARE REPEAL.

Senators now believe they have a veto over who the President allows to serve him. Let's grab our constitutions... @POTUS #DrainTheSwamp 
Good thing you're basically winging this.  I mean, it's not like you had 7 years to come up with a workable alternative.  Give up, go home.
Too bad your state didn't opt in for ACA Medicaid expansion. With block grants based on previous spending you've lost SC billions.
The fact that some states would offer good coverage and others wouldn't is exactly why it needs to be handled by federal govt
Senator Graham All Americans are depending on you to vote NO!
Definitely more on the right track than other republicans.  You are correct that its a state by state issue.  A repeal would destroy CA!!
Lay off my president. You just lost my vote.Rino!
Fix healthcare, please!!!!
I voted for Tax,Border,Healthcare,Infrastructure,Military ok. Don't pass President agenda? We're voting you ALL out in 18'.
The Russia special prosecutor should never be. And shame on Republicans for allowing it to happen.
Sir I like you,but please don't threaten the President for doing what he by law can do. I know you like Mr.Sessions me too,but threat? Stop
Not just no: hell no. 
I'm in a red state.
So after 8 years of ACA sabotage, you imagine they're gonna spend this money on *HEALTHCARE*? HA!
Good to know where my tax money is !
Repeal and replace to free markets. This is what we were promised.
Thoughts Senator @LindseyGrahamSC  notice he didn't have sack to tag you 
SEVEN LONG YEARS YOU ALL PROMISED! Liars! Greatest hoax! You are more concerned to go after our Pres! Over 60mil voters do not count to you!
Resign
Good. Vote down any current "repeal" proposal and get this idea to the appropriate committees to begin the process. Start the conversation.
Blocking grants?  Stated need to be in charge of healthcare ESPECIALLY with this administration!
Why do you hate people??
I thought you should see this so you can report him to the FBI
https://twitter.com/RogerJStoneJr/status/890621599359000576 …
PLEASE HELP US SEN. GRAHM. AMERICA IS FALLING APART BECAUSE OF THE PRESIDENT
What happens to people's coverage when those block grants run out? And will the block grants increase to match the increase in med costs?
That is tax payer monies. We are tired of Democrats spending our tax monies like it is theirs.  Fix Healthcare not give it a blank check
This ultimately shortchanges Medicaid and results in cuts to needed programs and services.
Who the hell r u 2 POTUS that if he fires Sessions there will be holy hell POTUS can fire Sessions if he likes the Senate confirm
Of Obama care, Republicans n Senate have done nothing. Hopefully POTUS doesn't sign the sanctions u r trying 2 put on Russia . Do your job
Bad idea
You need to get over your lost and start serving the president
God will you GET YOUR ASS TO WORK ON MAYBE MINIMUM WAGE IN SC ?stop with this NONSENSE
Why don't you stand up and help the neediest?  Why do you feel the need to destroy affordable health care for millions?  Why?
Imagine a whole group of @GOP senators who don't listen or give a damn about what their constituents want.
YOU WILL NEVER BE REELECTED..REAL CINSERVATIVES WILL GATHER IN HIOARDS TO REPLACE YOU.REPEAL YOUR KIND BECAUSE YOU DIDNT REPEAL OR REPLACE
Draft and present bill to protect Mueller today please!!!
Nice try but will you still vote Yes on #SkinnyRepeal then? Cut the bullshit

Don't you mean from blue states to red states cause let's be honest blue states are the makers whereas red states are the takers
If only a way existed for us, as a nation, to appoint people to collect some of our monies and see them used to take care of the sick...
The libtards would never buy into it though, too close to gospel mandate for elders (leaders) to see to caring for the sick and elderly. n/m
Block grants are terrible for the disabled. You can (or at least you should) do better.
Did you consult democrats on your proposal they way John McCain asked  and you retweeted?   Pls work on bipartisan solutions to fix ACA!
The Healthcare of citizens should be at state level . Leave the Federal Government  out of this BS  !
@FBI.  Roger Stone threatened a US Senator.
This...isn't even proper English c'mon Lindsey! What does this amendment do?
This plan sounds decent if the pre-existing conditions protection remains intact
Sen Graham are you stupid or something? We know you support a horrible healthcare bill for political reasons. Stop pandering to Trump voters
Your policy is a dangerous one because you are promoting a single-payer system for any state to use if they choose.
P.S.  If only you had as much passion around making sure Americans had healthcare as you are about the possibility of Sessions being fired.
Hypocrites -- give us same hc you have -- SINGLE PAYER
Amazing that House & Senate exempt themselves from their own health care plans, instead enjoying single payer on backs of american taxpayers
Just think: the vast resources of Columbia will be there to help the sick and poor in Cheraw, Bennettsville and Georgetown. Pse do right LG.
Block grants place funding limits on how many people can enroll. Could leave a lot of needy people uninsured
there's nothing skinny about "Skinny" repeal. Millions lose HC, thousands die.  GOP bills are not about fix. Be honest.  Vote NO.
Such melodrama! Thousands of people have died every day & thousands will continue to die every day!
So clearly if you/your grandkids suffer major calamity & can't afford HC you will consider it "ok" to just die.  No melodrama from u, right?
WILL U REQUIRE THE GOVERNORS TO SPEND THOSE BLOCK GRANTS ON HEALTHCARE?  OTHERWISE THEY'LL SPEND THE $ ON OTHER THINGS & NOT CURE ANYTHING!
unfortunately this not equal access thruout u.s every1 shld have equal healthcare wld be very uneven many many holes
Some states have larger populations than others. Come on it doesn't take a genius to figure this out that they can't afford that.
It's also unrealistic to think California won't use taxpayers' money to support illegals, too.
"If you want to be perfect, go, sell your possessions and give to the poor, and you will have [no health insurance but] treasure in heaven"
-- Republic Bible 6th Edition (as tweeted by DJT, as rephrased by KellyAnn Connway, as alt-fact corrected by Sec. Scaramucci)
Come to regular order
You sir are a coward & should be removed from office. I've heard you state publicly for years ACA needs repealed. DO IT NOW
How do you propose that the money is divided up? By population or how people vote?
Is this because all else has failed?
Lets slow down, Lindsey! Let everyone know what it is before any voting goes on!
#pig in a poke
sounds good, but its been tried = a disaster each time:  NPR
1/2
GOP's 7-year fixation with destroying  the Patient Protection & Affordable Care Act (passed w/100+ GOP amndmnts) SABATOGED the market!
2/2 So NOW, quit ur hypocritical lying abt causation & work with Dems to FIX THE PPA&ACA NOW!!! #KillTheBillDontKillUs #SaveOurCare
What abt $ w age?
...keeping kids on parents' ins until age 26?
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenDeanHeller @senrobportman @SenCapito
How do you keep balanced pool of insured without any mandates?
How will $$$ be allocated among states, btw? Per capita? Age adjusted? Income adjusted? Cost-of-living/cost-of-care adjusted? Need adjusted?
Block grants synonymous with "let me rip you off in the future by promising something valuable today but worthless tomorrow"
Cutting Medicaid for the poor to fund tax beaks is not the same as reducing healthcare costs, Lindsey. If you want to help, work w/ Ds.
Look it up: race to the bottom: 
 http://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/race-bottom.asp … 
please stop accepting advice from self-enriching wealthy donors to your campaign
Hey somebody with the same name you have ran for president, but it couldn't have been you, because he was a Republican. CAN YOU SAY "RINO"
We don't need Washington being a clearinghouse to collect and distribute our hard earned money. We need full repeal.
With public and business migrations to most "favorable" state, the healthcare system collapses.  Consult experts! Know what you don't know.
Stop with the games! Repeal Obamacare like you promised.
And Medicaid continues??
Hey lindsey, bother you that clinton lackeys are investigating trump under Mueller? ??????? It's a disgrace you guys have no backbone.
Oh shit look out for those living in red states. if ur gonna do that let ppl buy ins across state lines and move that money for those indivi
If Vermont goes single payer allow a resident of say SC to purchase insurance thru Vermont SC wld then in turn send premiums pmt to Vermont
Yep, just a way to screw up insurance even more and lead to single-payer for everyone. The only way to fix this is the free market!
Maybe so but it's certainly not the so called skinny repeal.By trying the blk grant as suggested u wld find which plan wrks best in ea state
Thank for acknowledging single-payer in here. I think we should do that nationally.
states deciding = race to the bottom: public and business migrations.  Address real problem: rising healthcare costs now 10K per person.
SC can't even fix the damn roads in this state + corruption invest. in statehouse, why would we trust this state to handle the $ correctly?
This is legislating from the hip, at best. You're obviously trying to score a point, not govern. We can't afford this right now sir, please.
does it include #FullRepeal of #ObamaCare ? if not back 2 drawing board #Republicans need 2 keep  #Promise & do the #Job they were sent 2 do
This is what patriotism really looks like. Doing something that may hurt your party, for the sake of the republic. Thank you Senator Graham.
You mean doing something that may hurt constituents to hold the line for his party, I would suggest.
In order to free up the states, you must replace the Federal employer health care tax deduction with something less market warping.
Heller/Sandoval, Portman/Kasich...

Despite Trump's numerous distractions, this might be the most important story of the day:  https://www.c-span.org/video/?431852-1/william-browder-overturning-magnitsky-act-putins-top-priority …
How about a hearing on your plan to get input from stakeholders?
It came from the States....tax payers anyway. They know how best to spend. It's arrogant to think local governments are less capable.
This bill just demonstrates your contempt for constituents.  Disgusting how little regard you have for the people you are meant to serve.
Curious as to how the amount allotted to each state is determines.
This is a deeply flawed system because we all know California will count illegals, too. Just another way to rip off taxpayers!
There will be holy hell to pay if the DC Establishment Sewer succeeds in a coup d'etat against our elected President

It will be 1776 again!
This is totally ridiculous.  How about states like Texas that refuses to help their people. Texas ranks almost last in healthcare. Fix ACA
If I ever see ur name on a ballot, I will vote for the other person. You're less than 1% last year
Face it... thru all ur obstruction the black man's intelligence proved ALL your ignorance... be heros not ZEROS!
Does it explain how it's divided amount the state's or will that be decided later?
It's clear that you don't really understand what #ACA actually says. States already have significant leeway.
THAT's the best ya got?!  States don't even need to use that $$ for med services... lining more pockets.... ya CREEPS!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC, WHAT IS GOING ON IN DC THESE DAYS? THE PLACE LOOKS LIKE, KIDS ARE IN CHARGED OF OUR GOVERNMENT. Are ANY ADULTS THERE?
To me it looks like not kids, but the Mob. Saddens & sickens me.
Nice try. But better to work bipartisan and help fix ACA   I know your intentions are good and you are trying to come up with a solution.
Repubs don't believe in govt involvement in healthcare, b/c of h/ins sponsors. They daren't remove it because of h/ins payees i.e. voters.
That's fine. He not a Republican anyway.
Tweets like yours are part of the problem
GOP is the party of failure. Seven years to come up with a better plan and they have completely blown it.
Unfair. Repubs have gotta destroy ACA because of their sponsors, but they arm their voters so they need sufficient time to figure out (1/2)
how to phrase their decades-long message of nobody wanting ACA in the first place convincingly enough to let them take it away again.
We reject anything you propose!! YOU ARE A TRAITOR to the people who voted for you!!
We are going to make sure you do NOT get re-elected!!
#KillTheBillDontKillUs #KillTheBillDontKillUs #KillTheBillDontKillUs #KillTheBillDontKillUs #KillTheBillDontKillUs #TheResistance
Will those dollars be used by states for actual health care?
When you claim ownership of part of a total goatfuck, you get to own the rest of it for free
Everyone knows that when this doesn't pass, you'll vote for whatever McConnell puts in front of you. You have no bargaining power.
