Sen. Graham to China: Don’t miscalculate Pres. Trump’s commitment to denying NKorea the ability to hit the US with a nuclear weapon.
Sen. Graham: As NKorea nears obtaining a nuclear ICBM that could hit the US, Pres. Trump will have to make "a hard decision" soon.
@LindseyGrahamSC NORTH KOREA IS CONTROLLED BY OUR C.I.A.!!! YOU KNOW THIS.
Is it worth it? You are willing to protect an incompetent moron? You know the SOS should be empowered, diplomacy encouraged. U r responsible
LIAR

War this time will not promote patriotism or higher approval rating. No one will get behind him. Or you. Political suicide .

4 Green Berets dead in Africa and the president and GOP are silent.  Disgraceful.
They talked about golfing.  The new GOP normal
@LindseyGrahamSC His commitment to golf led to your defeat......
@LindseyGrahamSC  We are NEVER on the wrong path as long as we use diplomacy and smarts to avoid war.
Get out my face!
This guy is a walking/talking MORON enabler. He flip flops so much. trump must have promised him a little sumtin, on the golf course.
Don’t want to hear from you
please do not trust DT, this individual has no word. Save US & the world. @SenBobCorker, you and the chamber have the power. We are afraid.
Auditioning for Secretary of State?  WE SEE YOU !!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC You fit right in with the rest of these sycophants.
NO NUCLEAR WAR IS NOT AN OPTION.
Now you're kissing his behind? You have no shame, can't wait for your turn to be up! You will never get reelected!
Two old, white wimps on a golf course talk big without realizing how insane & dangerous they are. You want war? You ride the bomb w/Dotard.
Bring back the troops, let things cool,let ME deal with Iran,lets see how they fair,were losing kids in these cpuntries,i ask WHY SCROTUS?
No
I have lost all respect, and credibility for Graham.
Not sure why you had ANY respect for that man before now?  Glad you don't now.
Can the @GOP do anything besides play golf and tell lies?
In a word, NO
They can start wars!
Sen. Graham, it does not take an MHP to recognize severe delusional thinking.  Check out Trumps tweets today.  Protect humanity from DT


If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
After golfing?!!
All credibility went right out the window. And we the people are paying for this bunch of nutjobs.
@LindseyGrahamSC  We are facing dark times in humanity right now and you're bragging about Donald Trump's golf score?!?

maybe Trump is offering Lindsey Graham some position in the White House. There must be some reason he’s all sudden defending a liar
He's just as big a liar!  No question about it.  They are all LIARS!
And taxpayers pay him every time he goes to his resort!
I certainly hope there was no electronic #surveillance while you were discussing #nationalsecurity during your game of #golf.  It appears @POTUS spends most of his time at golf courses, but must you condone this? #Russia, NK need only to spy at golf courses if this continues.
Well- you are just as crazy as Trump!
We go to war with NK, you go 1st. No more American war dead because this president is a moron! You know better!
I can't believe you anymore. Stuck by you, thought you were not a sell out
Trump Meets With Generals to Discuss Military Options Against North Korea
lmao what an idiotic sentence, and you willingly tweet it! well, it says it all.  no comment needed. go fuck yourself
So tired of your war mongering - You will be held acountable when the rockets start flying -we will find you hidden deep in the bunkers.
What are you doing about CHiP?
Did it at any time bother Senator Graham that the man posing as POTUS was ON THE GOLF COURSE? Christ -- the country is BEING PUMMELED. Sick.
Lindsey Graham has sold out.
Your response that war is possible with North Korea is chilling, your support of this is unbelievable, I thought you had more sense!
I have lost all respect for you, Sen Graham. Your comments on Golf with Trump and North Korea are upsetting.
Yes they are,he's disappointing!!
YU got punked!! Too!!:Graham disappointing!!
Lindsey Graham is a #TrumpHumpingTraitor & he can go f*ck himself.
I hope you enjoy golfing   with Trump in Hell. 
OMG! Are you interviewing for a position in the dysfunctional WH?!? In your own words, you've gone "bat-shit crazy"!  Political suicide IMO
Cruz wife stupid for attending that dinner.  Guess what trump still say she is ugly. Again what people will do for money.
You're soo funny --I forgot to laugh. Hope you enjoy the flavor of Trumps boots! haha
This guy is a 2 timer. He is what trump is. Never seen so many weak white men. Kissing up to an uneducated trump. Money is root 2 all evil
RESOLVE!!!??? Two crazy people strutting their willingness to plunge us into nuclear war? We don’t need resolve, we need psychiatry.
"I don't believe in undercutting people." --Trump

Yes, that is what pathological lying looks like. #LastWord
Really he said that?? That's all he does is undercut people!!
Republicans are greatest threat to life on this planet.  #GOPTerrorists #GOPhatesUSA #UnfitToBePresident #Unfit #ImpeachTrump
How tall are you Lindsay?
Horrifying that you can be within two feet of this predator in Chief. This man has us on the brink of the nuclear war.
Well Said.
Again & Again, war with N Korea will spell the end of Trump legacy & the GOP, voters will not forget, war will be the worst of all humanity
Ladies & gentlemen; The "Golf Trumpkin Resolution"
Wow, you’re a huge disappointment, Lindsey. I thought you stood w/THE PEOPLE & not w/the dangerous putz in the WH.  to hear you defend him.
AFTER GOLFING?! ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME, AMERICAN CITIZENS ARE DYING IN PUERTO RICO BECAUSE OF YOUR IGNORANCE AND LAZINESS.
Senator, I'm so disappointed
I just have to say,the US is in Iraq,Syria YEMEN, Afghanistan, Libya,now NK,stop Fn around with rhe world amd we wont have to deal w trrsts
Puppet.
Resign
Don't tell me, is this like Iraq.
Just when I thought I respected Graham.
Oh well.
His plan. 
Acquire voting information 
Start draft
Draft all Democrats. 
Send to South Korea. 
Start war
All are dead.
ALL THESE NEWS NETWORKS REPORTING NOT HELPING AMERICA!!! WAITING 2 REPORT ON WW3?TRUMP HAS 2 GO, PETITIONS?CONGRESS??IMPEACHMENT??ANYTHING
#Chickenhawk
GRAHAM..UR SPOTS R CHANGING...THEY R TURNING YELLOW..BUT LIKE ALL REP U R ONLY IN THE GAME FOR MONEY..U R NOW A HEAD
Really, really disappointed in you. You’re letting us down and beating the sycophantic drum.
Hello spineless,just let NK bomb away.U obviously don’t care about working class/country.Money & power all u hear. @ChuckGrassley #CORRUPT
Fucked up rethuglicans will get us all incinerated by nukes!
TRUMP,WHY THESE SPINELESS PEOPLE ON THE HILL STILL FOLLOWING U ARE TRAITORS 2 THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!THEY KNOW BETTER, CHINA, RUSSIA UPSET WW3?
Send Graham has shown he’s for sale. He took millions in dark money to support Trump. History will remember.
After the worst massacre in US History and millions still in peril in PR Lindsay Graham chose to yuk it up and smoke Trump’s pole. #betrayal
ANY EXCUSE!! 2 CRAZYS WITH NUCLEAR WEAPONS!! ONLY 1 KNOWS BETTER THAN ATTACK NOT OUR CRAZY!! CONGRESS IT'S IN YOUR HANDS, U REALLY WAITING!!
A POPPET OF TRUMP,SAYING WHAT TRUMP ORDERS HIM TO SAY!! KOREA WILL 'NEVER ATTACK "AMERICA THEY ALREADY KNOW THATS THEY WOULD BE DESTROYED!!
He is bought and compromised !
You are a national embarrassment now. Just like trump
How much did that outing cost us smh
North Korea hacked U.S. & South Korean military documents
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddMSRUV7cIw …
Send Trump's kids and Graham's kids in first.
How many 4ft putts did you give him?
As a Navy Vet, I'll say he'll NEVER be my CIC... ever!
@LindseyGrahamSC UR plan is to kill millions of N. Koreans & S, Koreans as a consequence? Really look at th reckless ego U side w/
You’re an enabler to @realDonaldTrump and his horrible behavior!!

@lindseygrahamsc did you have time to grab some pussy at the 19th hole?  California burns, 4 special forces killed, Puerto Rico catastrophe
You want us to rally around the President?  Tell him to rally around us and quit taking our rights, insurance, safe environment away from us
@lindseygrahamsc did you have time to grab some pussy at the 19th hole?  California burns, 4 special forces killed, Puerto Rico catastrophe
CHECKED OFF 2 OF YOUR BUCKET LIST: GOLF W/45 & SCREWING AMERICANS ON HLTHCARE.  45 IS NOW YOUR BFF.  SORRY CORKER YOUR OUT.
Nope Trump is encouraging the North Koreans he wants war
There is no praise except for  the alt right . M trump is the one who is encouraging this war why are u encouraging it also.
Lynsey graham you just lost my respect Trump is the cancer in America
We saw what you were doing there yesterday in reporting trump's golf score-you know he's a huge liar-don't use him for your prowar cover.
U got punked,Graham!!
Let's just leave NK alone and let them do their stuff.   Who is bothering them anyway?     Where's Hill to stop this?
You think I'm really serious?   Really? With Hill in the WH?  I think not! Mr Um would of taken full advantage of her with more tests runnin
Why is trump golfing amount all these disasters
If the staff has to "contain" him get him put of the white house.  Stop pandering to his ego before he starts a nuclear war.
You're a joke Lindsay.
"the decision lies in the hands of North Korea and China"

Ah, all US led INVASIONS of other nation states is decided by Bilderberg!

@POTUS
Why are all these men so scared of trump?They act as if he is a god afraid to exspress themselves or tell truth when they know he's lying?
They afraid he won't sign their dirt bills!!
Seems like Trump scored another thing on that wet and windy day
Hmmm...Lindsey auditioning for SOS when Tillerson leaves???
By the way, yes, we know who Bob Corker is - the Repub with a spine. We also know what you are.
@LindseyGrahamSC guess what:  he lied to ya.
Remember this Lindsey??
Got a new best friend? Careful he can’t be trusted
So you're a hypocrite just like trump. You have no guts to go after trump even though he's terrible for our Country.
Graham has some nerve. Rally around Trump the Moron like the racist SOBs rallied around Obama. No more or no less.
All you republicans and democrats need to grow a pair and stand up to Trump and his bullying ways for the good of this country.
glad y'll have time to golf while americans are suffering
Sen. Graham, what is wrong with you? Go to Trump's desk and get your manhood out of the drawer he put it in. This is embarrassing.
More golfing...when doe this President work.
Never!!!
Republicans love to start wars. It's like a classroom full of toddler boys vying for alpha status. It's like Iraq all over again.
The biggest problem the world has ever seen is @realDonaldTrump
Graham, you lost your credibility.  No one is listening to you, now.
"After golfing with Pres. Trump on Monday"

LOL. Just LOL.
FOLLOW THE MONEY!!!  WHERE THE SANCTIONS???  Vladimir is laughing really hard right now at all this
Did you & Trump discuss how Kim would surrender in terror without firing one missile? 
So disappointed in you LG
So what did Trump promise your Lindsey? I guess he found what ever it is you wanted. Probably a cabinet position. No Morals, just sad.
Did he just drink the Kool Aid

What is Graham wanting??? So much ass kissing, it's sick

Trump tweet this AM: What he failed to do in Congress, this order aims to do-- limit access to plans w/ pre-ex protections. 1/ https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/917698839846576130 …

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
Lindsey, get a grip! You must stop this madman in the Oval Office! Kissing his ass is not the way. #ImpeachTrump

Any big talk now on N Korea is bluster & foolish. Nobody wants a war. Trump would like to parade himself as a hero to distract. Fed probe.
Hey Senator, the price for ur A... kissing of Traitor & Liar in Chief @realDonaldTrump was playing Golf?? So that is ur price? SAD!!
Warmongers!
Its great that you can have a golf day w/ the POTUS & forget his atrocious actions, decisions, behaviors; but the we haven't forgotten.
Living with a Nuclear North Korea is more pragmatic than the specifics of conventional or nuclear war on the Peninsula. Coercive Diplomacy
@LindseyGrahamSC I'm tired of seeing your face. Do your lips taste long Don's ass?
NKorea, sovereign nation has no responsibility to USA! What's developed beyond American control! Bully Trump wants China to do dirty work!
China does not like USA and Trump beats up China constantly! Helping friends tough helping enemies is laughable! China sits and watches!
You know what a fucking risk is? A hated untrusted president leading a country into nuclear war w/out any military or political background.
Lindsey Graham has so far begun to define "fool" for me. "Sanders is honest." then "I don't want company of other citizens in my Medicare."
I can’t believe you are sucking up to him now! I thought you were smarter than that
Graham acts and sounds like he's had a nip or two, or more?
Sounds like Trump served Kool-Aid on their golf outing, and Lindsey Graham drank it.
He drank the shit out of that Kool-Aid!!!
North Korea issue is one solution rid of Kim regime Trump is absolutely right negotiation is utterly waste of time Harry Truman's hesitation
@LindseyGrahamSC Thanks for enabling a #dotard.
Dotard in Chief
That Lindsey Graham supports a man willing to take America to War involving Nuclear Weapons to cover up a Russian Conspiracy - you ARE SWAMP

IN other news.. Most GOP elected officials will say anything Dotard asks them to say. They are all worried about their own self interests.
Wonder if Graham got a condo at one of Trump's properties?
Here goes @LindseyGrahamSC trying to kiss ass while 2 weeks ago he tried to take everyones healthcare away from the American people.
Pathetic & disgusting. History is watching, Lindsey, you toady.
Senator Graham should be ashamed. No guts whatsoever.
They haven't showed any Spine Since he's been in Office. Just Flat out been Trump's Doormat.Philosophy Let Tr. Do Whatever he wants,No Chks
COUNTRY Going up in Flames and they stand by Useless as a 3 legged Stool. Reprehensible and Unpatriotic.
Would Someone Please Explain To Me How Anyone Can Talk About Golf Then Destroying N Korea & Call China Our Friends In One Statement? Lunacy!
So well said, all of it.
Bull shit ,he got punked!!
If you let Trump get us into WW3, sir, you will go down as one of the cowards who didn't stand up for America.
@realDonaldTrump 's day is just like your days.. r not tough.. but sucking like leeches on middle-class/poor tax payer monies... "WE" have tough days, perennially! ask #Flint tht get shit tap water even now! while Nestle gets awesome water!
the unacceptable risk to homeland is from U, and ur friends Trump, n HRC, n corp sellout senators n congressppl .. we have to stop you!
Graham, after 18 holes, u and Trump decided that one of those holes will help bury the dead bodies of poor middle class americans who join army to just survive!
Oh please Mr. President don't tweet on me I don't think I'm strong enough to handle a tweet storm I'll do anything for you
I don’t have the same views as Graham but I thought that he like Sen McCain had a spine.  I guess John McCain was the only one with one
Trump does not have the brain power, military/diplomatic experience, historical or scientific knowledge or judgement to make nuke decisions!
Thermonuclear devices are not reality-show props,and serial crises are not signs of brilliant governing. You have chosen wrong side history!
You just defined yourself for history!
He can't kiss up to Trump enough. Disgusting.
Aw u let him win good babysitter
@LindseyGrahamSC U need2b ashamed of Urself! He's not capable of , let alone a war ya'll want 2start, just 2deflect attn frm #Trumprussia 
Don’t try to normalize this. There is nothing normal about nuclear war.
graham, the donkey grand canyon who golfs with Trump and sells out not US, but poor middle-class Americans!
Graham, u plead to China abt not miscalculating as ur corp donors have business interests there.. but want war so that ur donor war industry can thrive!
when u put war is possible on the table, it means ur prepping for war.. i suppose ur talking with China, one which is preventing war, about possible remuneration for WAR to occur!
We support a Donnie the diaper trump IQ test! As he suggested himself! How do we make this happen?
Low iq and he must resign..thats the deal
This is simply the personification of disgusting.
@LindseyGrahamSC Is it GREED or LUST FOR POWER thats leads you to support Trump. Your speech was a bunch of words without meaning.

Well we knew since Corker let him know what he thought Trump had to have a new Pal. And does anyone sense danger here? Anyone? Congress?
I grew up with a Nike Hercules missle down the street. The North Korean threat is nothing. The guy who sells out my country to the guy
with the nuclear weapons arsonal is not my commander in chief..he is a bigger threat to this country than any terrorist and must be removed
If you dont do it, you are part of the problem....https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Nike_missile_sites#Overview …
Graham must have lost the bet.
Not listening to a thing this pig has to say!
@LindseyGrahamSC you have no balls. You’re a puppet, nothing more.
Can't. You lost me with "After golfing with ...".  Spineless, ass-kissing, self-serving twit. My current opinion of Graham's actions.
Lindsey, the Republicans are scaring the hell out of the world, including US. Happy now! @realDonaldTrump @GenJohnKelly @GOPChairwoman #MAGA
Remember, Mueller is coming! @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @attorneygeneral @GOP #MAGA @GenJohnKelly @KellyannePolls @PressSec
