When does the discussion begin regarding removal of Jarod's security clearance?
what did you and McCain do or know about Benghazi? Navy Jack knows!
I'm a C-SPANRadio fan of yours
PLease STAND up for the values u so cherish . ANTI Muslim , Women , Mexican, Judges etc  is unAmerican  Now TREASON  When?
Hearing today: Congr.&Criminal; Have you no interest in HRC, BHO, Lynch,Comey criminality? I've been following you 4yrs, once respected you
Such a disappointment, you R the swamp
Trump Jr just admitted treason. No hearing necessary. Lock him up and his father too.
We already kno u took rubles or otherwise benefited fromWE KNOW. However u CAN save a bit of your legacy- #ImpeachTrump #countryoverparty

I would say keep 'em honest, but I think it is more like GET them honest.
Lindsey-stay strong -America first.  Repub Party needs strong leadership now.  Doesnt appear McConnell-Ryan have guts to step up.
Think abt how great we could make our country again, if you would work with our Pres. Reading the comments here, it seems Libs re elect you
Hillary committed a crime.  A huge one.  Where is ur outrage? #Shame
What about the judicial committee that should be investigating HILLARY!!
Not sure U R fit for this job,U speak out against our @POTUS & collusion. Where is your outrage on @BarackObama spying, Comie leaks,Hillary
Time for U to go...RINO!! The American people "know". YOU & @SenJohnMcCain
This was very interesting. It's comforting to see and hear the careful considerations being made. Makes the world seem a little less crazy.
How many lies are enough? Country over party !
When Qatar wouldnt loan him$,he tried2start a war.If he succeeds,r u goin2let American troops fight&die4HIM &his greed?DO SOMETHING SENATOR!

Oh S__t!

If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
DO SOMETHING!  You talk the talk and that is it  STOP Trump and his agenda to destroy OUR DEMOCRACY 
Canada should only be talking to diplomat or the president! Not tell governor's to not put America first!
Now you need too investigate Canada for miss with governor's! He tell governor's not to put America first! That a treasonous Act!
Didn't know Sen. Graham was a Democrat he must've thought he would've  been president if Russia didn't interfere
You r so quick to criticize pres yet can't find time 4 democrat felonies, loser always seeking camera first, disgrace to our state
Time to stop this circus sideshow and get get back to normal governing.  USA has become a joke.
Sir, I am a Democratic, older one, I don't want to see this country torn apart. I'm hoping you'll step up sir.
Donnie Jr?
@GOP do the right thing!
What the Hell is wrong with the GOP. We have passed the Threshold.
Your aggressive vitriolic posture towards @POTUS is textbook for why young republican groups support ads attacking Repub incumbents. #MAGA

Hope that accomplishes something to save us.
Where is your lover Mcain?
Be tough and fair.
Try harder to be part of the solution. Only a few more years to go. Go out on top with historic positive changes for our country, 29687
The clock has been ticking since Trump said "I love Wiki-Leaks" during the campaign. He showed support for illegal hacking on his behalf...
hey Lindsey. I think we found that 400lb guy. Rob Goldstone.
Artificial intelligence in full swing on ur Twitter Lindsey!  Im sure the people of #SouthCarolina really want to hear you talk impeachment!
waiting for a Russian flag to fly over WH?Trump jr showed intent. cyber attack was virtual ACT OF WAR, then JR. COMMITTED TREASON DURING WAR
Could not be more sick of you. Your betrayal of this POTUS is an unforgivable. I will oppose you, you little punk, til the day I die.
I get the fuss about Jr but why is Kushner still in WH as sr adv? He took meeting didn't know why?!  BS
Why don't u do ur job. Wally Gator.. the ..... in the swap.
Convinced Senator?  Are you & your colleagues waiting until the Russians move into the White House?  Repeat after me. COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY.
Be a leader where there are none. Clean house.
Our country is in serious turmoil. I know you will put country before POTUS (& Putin). God bless.
When will you speak on the Senate Floor about #TrumpRussia? Big talker Sunday morning, silent during the week.
Id like to thank you Senator Graham that not every Republican has gone bat sh!t crazy!  Thank you for that!
Now chairing Judiciary subcommittee hearing on OMG Could This Be More Obvious. 

Seriously, dude, do your job. 

Yours Truly,
A Constitient

@GOP @AynRandPaulRyan @GOP SO ARE YOU INVESTIGATING TRUMP RUSSIA
Great News that u r trying 4 bipartisan hc bill. Hope u r successful. Repub leadership plan z barbaric. I know.  Disability hz saved my life
If you love your country, wouldn't it be time for impeachment?  Please standup and call it like it is, traitors in the Whitehouse !
Please try to be non-bias. Trump hates you. Trump has used you egregiously. Do the right thing!
We're done waiting.
REJECT #TrumpCare! Work 4 the people!
stand up for America and our democracy and impeach Trump and his family!
Any representative that knowingly allows criminals or suspected criminals to speak and act for America is a traitor. You work for us.
Hope Gowdy  surpasses  U soon!!!
U on chair means US fucked!
What the excuse now?
Be nice if Repubs would get a pair, uranium one, unmasking, Comey, lynch, rice, yet you guys let the media set the a destructive narrative.
Now we American citizens can fully see how would want us all dead for the Globalists. We are eaters and weeds" Huh Mussolini
When you attack Trump, you attack Putin. #MAGA
Repeal and replace. Or you don't have my vote.
Why don't you change parties you act like a far wing liberal
Senator Graham...PLEASE...just RETIRE and take your buddy McCain with you...you are BOTH...USELESS...
As many That Democrats had.   So Hillary and her gang needs to be investigated.
We need to get you out of office.  Drain both swamps!

It is time  to stop insulting the American people with these admitted blatant crimes and prosecute now
So glad that proof of Trump collusion is "problematic". When will you put countey over party?
The investigation of the investigations...dysfunctional Congress should be disbanded. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump
GOP need to get on the wagon with Russia sanctions and revoking Jared's clearance asap! Hindsight patriotism won't be tolerated
The longer we wait while all this talking goes on, the more unrecoverable the reputations of those who ever ran on GOP or voted for a GOP
Trump scares me. You do speak your mind when he does dumb things. #gettrumpout
You'll be a busy man!
WHAT are you doing to ensure our national security, Senator? We've been invaded at top levels of govt by Trump and his cabal. PLEASE HELP US
Earlier you said if there was an email offering help from Russian Gov't then there would be a large problem. Well....there's a large problem
"On behalf of the American people" ... if nearly 83% of the American people oppose TrumpCare, how can the GOP argue its working for us?
Why does Kushner still have his security clearance?  Three infractions- SF86 omissions,  Kislyak back-channel & meeting with Don Jr. Insane!
Is this what it's come to? The TRUMP/GOP freak show continues.
Got the right person.  Hang tough.
Cool and after that have coffee with McCain and figure more ways to back door our president.
Does that mean that now the real criminals (Comey, Clinton and Lynch) will finally be charged with their crimes?  Not likely huh?
Any chance you can pull Kushner's security clearance please. This is about country over Party. Can we count on you please
Excellent witnesses,fascinating questions + key answers. Methodical was a key word from Senator Graham for this subcom. work.
Pursue treason & obstruction as vigorously as you did lying bout a blow job. That would mean defending the nation instead of a feckless GOP!
Be strong Lindsey trump is a cheat and a con man you know this
History has its eyes on you! What will you do about #trumprussia?
Great Job Lindsay! Good Hearing.
Time for you and your GOP colleagues to band together and impeach President Trump. Protect the nation.
Get a job man

Just get Trump out of office.  It will be a relief for the country and the allies.  It's too stressful to anticipate what's next!
Open hearings! Yes! Everyone needs to know what's gone on in OUR democracy!!!
Why doesn't the committees investigate known collusion? What are the Clintons holding over your heads?
Super excited for you to hear all sorts of horrible stuff and then do nothing about it.
That means 85% of Washington right Sen Graham?  Does that include the #Witchhunt of @realDonaldTrump. Ck the #ComeyMueller connection.
History books will either reference you as one who helped save this country's democracy, or allowed destruction.
Who cares. You used to have integrity. Now, you're simply an R with no spine. Stand up to this administration. For the love of this country!
Destroy Them Mr Graham Break these Dems ,Absolute PowerCorrupts...Be Mindful of Loss of Life .God Be With You
Dont you care about what damage the Trumps are doing to the USA?  Is the GOP a blind entity ? Impeach Trump now.
You have lots of liberal followers... just sayin.

The whole world is watching you.
Humiliation thanks to the GOP.  There will be no forgiving, no recovering.  GOP will be synonymous w Corruption and treason for decades!

The fact that Kushner will show up at the WH w/ his job & security clearance intact tomorrow given what we know is an unbelievable scandal.
4. A Damn Thing any Trump Says is insulting to Americans insulting to this country & our sovereignty & traitorous for YOU to cover up 4them!
Are u worried about your role now that u know DT will be impeached. Let's not forget YOUR support and admiration of The New Sheriff!!!TRADER
3. And Trumps agree to sanctions lifting including Magnitsky Act which so infuriated Putin.  To pretend at THIS point 1 can trust-
2. The Russians sent in a woman with NO information.  This was a LIE.  Meeting was to agree on Quid Pro Quo.  Russians do damage 2 Clinton-
1. Americans ARE SICK of the traitorous GOP mildly chastising a Traitor in the WH.  Covering for DT Jr by parroting his bullshit LIE that -
Is your gal pal McCain there to or is he on CNN bashing Trump again
McCain and Graham are rhinos in love with each other and working for Soros
There's the  watching over the 
Lindsey, I keep pulling 4 U cause you talk a good game but then vote party over country. Come on, get your face off this wall. #CountryFirst
And this comment is not meant to insult you at all. I am one sad, depressed American watching my country fall apart over this craziness.
Well you have a criminal in the WH. Correction. You have LOTS of criminals in WH.
From Obama leftovers 
I like listening to you when interviewed.  You are always objective.
Seriously?  He has played both sides the whole time. All he cares about is HIS own security.
I beg to differ but as we live in a democracy We can agree to disagree.
Yes.  That's what makes America great.  In the end we all are in this together.  Have a great summer!
This is hurting other countries also. Please sir, DO something. You're neighbours to the north. 
A bunch of Sissie Snowflake 
And carrying water for the Trump admin. You multitask amazingly for someone without a spine.
#RussianMeddled elections
As a liberal? That's what you've shown yourself to be to those of us who once supported you!
Country before party
It's time to impeach trumputin!
Stand up for your country or stop tweeting. This is getting ridiculous.
Good too much corruption. Drain the swamp:
Can we get the traitors out of the White House please?
This administration is so dirty, brings shame to our country.
Did @DonaldJTrumpJr commit a crime and will you be revoking kushners security clearance? Very concerned they've been compromised by Russia
Please do the right thing. The Trumps are crazy.

PUT COUNTRY FIRST
I sincerely hope Congress will do the right thing here.
Trump and his criminal family?
please. do. something. stand up and defend the constitution. 
GOP is culpable.
Does the Rule of Law apply to anyone anymore?
How long are you going to allow Russia to run roughshod over our country? Trump needs to go. The emails were the smoking gun.  DO YOUR JOB
Subpoena @realDonaldTrump 's business records and personal tax returns
How about yours lady get a job
Mine are available if anyone wants to see them. Have a job; never get audited
Thank you for keeping us informed, Senator.
Please do something productive Sen Graham. Be a leader.
Good
Russia appointed our president.
Be the man Lindsey. Tell Donny it's time to go.
#LockThemUp
Don Jr and trump need to testify under oath
