POLITICO-Harvard poll: Obamacare repeal still tops GOP voters' to-do lists http://politi.co/2jwugFY  
Do you seriously believe Americans to be kicked off healthcare or pay more $ for less coverage? Oh, you must be talking >>
about trump's uneducated voters that don't know ACA & O'care are the same thing! Well, the rest of us >>
know that 'access' to HC doesn't matter if we can't afford it! That not covering pre-existing conditions>>
essential benefits, & putting caps on coverage doesn't help. Reducing m'caid by BILLIONS doesn't increase>>
coverage contrary to what tom price says! Why don't you just be honest? You can come up with $ for trump>>
to play golf & mnuchin to go see an eclipse & to ask for you a stipend but not for sick kids or the >>
elderly in nursing homes!! We'd respect the truth more than your bullsh*t!!
Get stuffed you haunted porcelain doll.
You're not listening to the voters Graham. You're listening to the money jingling in your pockets from Big Pharma and insurance companies.
That is very appropriate! Yes you repeal healthcare . Majority don't want it repealed .
Give it up Lindsey. Majority of Americans don't want your repeal. This is just political upmanship
So did the insurance cos send you a couple hundred thousand? You suck.
You lie!
Give it up, Lindsey, You're supposed to serve the people, not the Mercers.
Keep fighting to get Politicians that place their party over America. Pathetic Republicans.
Lindsey - are you working for the PEOPLE or just for your sad pathetic excuse of a Party.
But with something better not worse!!
#American middle class, the Working poor, women, children, disabled,Veterans.Our message:
#NoRepealofACA. Stop immoral attack on Healthcare.
We will mot give up.We will keep fighting! #MedicareForAll .
You are a monster, Senator Graham. Millions trying to recover from 2 hurricanes and you are trying to rip health care away from 32m. Shame!
Hey Sen. Graham Americans are less afraid of socialized healthcare than of any Koch Bro. approved Republican Health Dontcare plan.
#GOP voters, do you ever wonder whether they're fighting for you? (hint: they're not)
68% of Americans want to keep & fix ACA, only 38% want rep & replace. Who are you fighting for?
Bill specifically penalizes Dem states:

California loses $28B; New York loses $19B.…
The MAJORITY of Americans don't want repeal. You govern for a minority. Healthcare is not just for the healthy and wealthy
Tragically all too true... @justtish7

Hey @LindseyGrahamSC How could you listen to my concerns for my child's life & then propose a #healthcarebill that could kill her? 
Truth
Is your hearing aid battery dead Lyin' Lindsey? No one is saying that. They thought you had finally moved on and were going to work. SAD!

How do you sleep at night? This plan is horrible. You know it
A lot of people want you to let their grandparents die?
You are a heartless corporate puppet!!!!  Do you even know how many SC'ers will lose coverage? Retire & leave us alone!
Which will you choose over money or cruel to mammals/humanity/animals? You like cruelty.
How will your misguided supporters feel when they have no insurance?  Why does the GOP want to kill people?
So, you're going to drag the country down for some racist base of a traitor?  Got it, Senator.
@GOP you are craven and disgusting. Gleeful over sentencing thousands to death, millions to misery, many to bankruptcy. WTLF. #Medicare4All
You need to give up! NOW! The latest plan is the worst yet and when GOP voters wake up (and god I hope they do) they will blame YOU!
#gop voters sending clear message to @GOP congress. do it. we will not 4get. you will surely be out of office next election cycle 2018/2020
What about the people who will die with your health bill. Apparently your more interested in money than saving lives. #killerlinseygraham.
Just a suggestion--stop going to Insurance lobbyists for drafts of health care bills.
How much have you taken from the insurance industry?
Around 2 million sound right? For 2016? Not bad for a year's work.
Instead of clamoring for Congress to get same healthcare as us, how about NO healthcare until a bipartisan fix is enacted. #ACA
So only healthy GOP voters count?GOP w/preexisting conditions don't then. Wow you're discriminating. Your bill is bad, work with Dems.
So when r the public hearings scheduled??
Know who else keeps fighting? Medicaid dependent children who now also have to fight your cruel disgrace of a repeal bill. #SaveACA
How many of your SC constituents call your offices saying "Take away my healthcare"?
Your HC bill is going to leave my husband uninsured at 60. He's a 30 year cancer survivor. The cost of HC will be more than take home
How is that compassion? So If he gets sick we have to choose between our house or his life. Why are you doing this to us? For a ding base?!!
You must dream sweet little dreams of taking away Americans' healthcare in the same way that most other people dream of flying.
What about the MAJORITY of voters who voted for Dem Senators? Do they simply not count?

(Yes.)
GOP supporters say Dump Trump!
Keep digging your own party's grave. How is this better than the plan u called horrible a couple months ago?
Simple message to you, 2018 is gonna be fun. We have LONNNNNGGGGGG memories. You are supposed to represent us. 11% approval rating. #dismal
How much is the constant repeal process costing us taxpayers? Btw, what type of insurance do you have again?
No, not all of us! Oops, I forgot. I left the GOP after 40 yrs because you all don't care about your party!
Why do you hate former President Barack Obama so much? Where does this pathological hatred come from?
Yep, Lindsay.
You've got Cadillac healthcare .
Screw the little guy.
Keep Fighting "yourselves"?  #GOP #GCHJ #TrumpCare
American voters to Congress: 

Don't rip healthcare from 35million of us.

Stop treasonous trump from destroying our country. #ACA
#DefeatDeathCare
Here's a simple message to GOP    MEDICARE FOR ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This trash program will end GOP when pp realize how terrible it will be for Americans. Ur political career will be over. States will kill pp
This is BS & a waste of time!!! Fix The ACA & GET OVER IT!!! MAJORITY WANT IT!!!!!
Kill, kill kill!
Repeal healthcare? Well, that is at least truthful. The only way u could be more truthful? say "Screw millions out of healthcare". There...
True, but Republican voters also wanted Trump as President. Obviously, their judgement can not be trusted.
How many times are you repeating this same link -or do you not understand how this repetition dilutes feedback and makes you look desperate?
Do you have nothing else to worry about? #Toad
We're actually saying "Don't Keep Fighting! Give up!". Got a couple things backwards there.
At the end of the day...insurers still have to price for risk
The name Obamacare needs to be taken out of the debate...it is way too easy for Idialogues  to simply keep shouting repeal
Lindsey,Lindsey,Lindsey...repeal and replace it with what?  With what you replace it with lower the
monthly premiums...just saying
Bullsh*t

You do know most of the GOP voters don't know that the Obamacare is the ACA right?!? You are trying scam your sheep.
in recent months you had nearly gained a position of respect as a reasonable conservative. oh well, so much for that.
@politico Senator i like how you RTd an image that says Repeal Healthcare. Classy. You first - give up your Gov Healthcare.
Repeal but replaced with something better. You're misrepresentation the facts
This so applies to the GOP. Quit trying repealing ACA, it's not going to happen
#beatingadeadhorse
You're slip is showing Graham.
You are sounding desperate. GOP have had 8 years to work out Obamacare alternative but haven't. Bernie has a good plan.
Fighting to take away healthcare from our fellow Americans, what a unifying message.
Yeah well the country wants you to give it up
Stop playing partisan politics!  Fix Obamacare or go with Medicare for all.  Why must we pay CEOs millions a year?  Could use that on us.
Yeah, but GOP voters are in the minority.
@politico -you still on this?  Move on, everyone else has.
So you serve only the GOP members of South Carolina?  That is it?  Hmm... I bet some Democrats who voted for you would be interested
You have no moral compass if you proceed.
@politico Sure, because GOP voters hate the black man who was president.
My work provided plan has a 3k deductable. It's not Obamacare it's unregulated corporate greed.
UR making a mockery of the senate and those working in committee to do the right thing
Repeal Healthcare.  That isn't my GOP message or vote
So it appears only GOP voters matter? America says stop the enabling! We will never give up! #ImpeachTrump
.why do you want to take healthcare from millions of Americans? shameful @SenateMajLdr @SenDeanHeller
Fighting for what? You are a sad, sad little man.
Do you ever work? I can't follow you anymore...you drain me with your non stop b.s. tweets
This is the worst side of you. May you live with the harm you will cause folks. Hope it hurts like hell. #sidingwithcollusion

The Cassidy-Graham plan is meaner and nastier than before. It cannot be allowed to pass!

Please drop it.  Why don't you work with @PattyMurray for a bipartisan solution?
This isn’t about partisanship or politics—it’s about getting results for the people we serve & finding a solutions for patients & families. 
But you represent **all** South Carolinians. Not just the ones who vote Republican. Poll all of us, you disingenuous snake.
Oh, HELL NO. We DO NOT want your TrumpCare 3.0. Why are you so damned determined to KILL my elderly low income disabled lesbian veteran mom?
no. No. NO.  Stop trying to KILL people. Women,  POC, LGBTQ, Veterans, disabled, elderly & low income families deserve affordable healthcare
Simple message from this voter: #singlepayerhealthcare  You'll be hearing that a lot.
What IS it with you on this, Lindsey?!  You're really pissing us off!
Everybody else: why are you ignoring us?
The only thing that the GOP is doing is enabling a traitor to America destroy the fabric of our country and democracy.
We ask that it's completely replaced.
What does it say that the top priority of your party is stripping away healthcare from millions of Americans.
Talk to your pal McCain who is in opposition with GOP and what he himself campaigned on.
Shameful that GOP was not ready with a agreed plan.

What is wrong with these people?
http://www.cnn.com/2017/08/18/health/florida-sick-kids-insurance-eprise/index.html … This is what can happen when "market forces" line the pockets of your state legislators. Say NO on CGH & VOTE 2018
These GOP voters are a majority of the party but a minority of the American population.  Nice try though.
YOUR PLAN HURTS VETERANS.
why are you so obsessed with letting people die?
Do you live in a bubble?  People don't want you doing this.
Let's start with repealing your healthcare. It's only fair.
Absolutely!
GOP voters to Congress, do your damn job or resign!
"Repeal healthcare" 
Time to vote you out of office!
Keep Fighting? GOP Congress hasn't done a damn thing but block our/Presidents agenda! 115th Congress worst in U.S. history!
The majority of Americans, however, do not like the @GOP healthcare options.

You're fighting a losing battle.
Keep wasting money, keep lying to everyone, keep obstructing progress for everyone else as long as you have yours. Thanks for nothing.
MORE THAN TRIPLED PREMIUMS, DEDUCTIBLES & LOSS OF ACCESS TO LOCAL PHYSICIANS & HOSPITALS, ENOUGH OF THIS HORRIBLE PLAN #REPEALOBAMACARE
Thats right keep lying the MAJORITY of Americans will vote you all out
#REPEALOBAMACARE Americans are capable of choosing our plans, physicians & associated facilities, WE DON'T NEED GOVERNMENT TO DO FOR US!!
Healthcare is only for the GOP and the 1 precent now So the rest of use that do not matter don;t have to pay taxes now and your salary
No! NO! That is not how this works, they do not want to lose their healthcare! I'm assuming you would have the same too?  Healthcare that is
You all are like Rebel Soldiers, after Civil War, who didn't know the war was over. You all lost, many times over. Just frigging fix it!
New Harvard Poll. GOP voters still beating dead horse.
So no one else matters huh? #Complicit party over people
Keep fighting? Amongst yourselves? 'Cause that isn't working.
Give up trying to harm millions & DO UR JOB ON THE LAW OF THE LAND ACA
I thought you were smarter than this. Very disappointing Lindsey. Very
#GOP do something constructive, like your jobs. Stop the hypocrisy. #ImpeachTrump
The old impassioned GOP battle cry: Revoke medical benefits to the sick and vulnerable! And remove cost controls!
#insanity
I am one of your CONSTITUENTS and I do not support this legislation.
@GOP gerrymandering their way into power so that they can harm the sick, poor, elderly, and POC. Or in other words, business as usual.
It's dead, Jim.
We are a vengeful, vindictive nation. Win at all cost, no matter who you hurt, right Graham? All because you hate a Black man. 
Where does cleaning your fingernails fall?
#therestofamerica says #menditdon'tendit
Change its name back to #RomneyCare and improve it if you need to
No matter how many times you post this BS, we the people of the US dont want ACA repealed we want it fixed!!!!
I hear GOP voters hate Obamacare but love the ACA.  At least when they know what's in it.
You're disgusting on so many levels
"Repeal Healthcare" Yeah, that about sums it up, doesn't it?
No repeal!!!!
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
.@ChrisMurphyCT explains how Obamacare isn't dying — Trump is purposefully killing it 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
We find no evidence of the individual market collapsing. Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ … 
