This is our chance to #RepealAndReplace #Obamacare. States are more effective, efficient & accountable than fed. govt.  Pass GCHJ now!!! 
Not #RepealAndReplace.  We have what we have #Obamacare.  Now fix it!!!!
It was impossible to get reasonable he ins  in SC before the #ACA. Other states don't want to be like us. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy

Seriously, why do you hate your constituents??
Sorry, @LindseyGrahamSC, this bill SUCKS worse than the others.
how many names do you actually need on the bill to try and pass it? You get named, and you get named and you get named...
Only someone who has lived in D.C. for years can believe state governments are more effective, efficient, & accountable.
They are. Try talking to your federal reps. Then walk into the office of your state rep. You can actually talk to them.  Local control is 
I live in Hawaii. We're trying to find the last $3 billion to finish the $13 billion rail project that was supposed to cost $3 billion.
Helps if your state govt isn't liberal.
Good luck with that.
Not an issue in Missouri
I can imagine!
It's actually awesome. We have constitutional carry now. A balanced budget and we just got right to work. Things are going pretty well.
This is the worst proposal yet...can't wait to watch you fail!!
This is awful.  You should be ashamed
The fact that you don't have McCain's support but you do have Walker's should tell you it's time to pull it.
I had gained some respect for you.  But here you go doing shady stuff.  Debate it and vote
Thank you for all your effort.  What a shame Reps can't get their act together!
Still stuck with not affordable Healthcare Act. Thanks Senator McCain. Hope to see you sign up for it.
your bud John McCain standing w/ Obamacare - claims no bipartisanship even if O'care never bipartisan & though he said O'care = failure
At the expense of the health of the Smerican people? I say hell no!
it took years to write and pass #ACA, why is your bill, done in less than 2 months, any better than the last 5 drafts?
You know he's a complete idiot, don't you?
Do not bring this bill to a vote i need my MEDICAID!!
A chance to destroy open market, leave us alone, we don't need government, Government need us, stay away from our choices, freedom, privacy.
Pass any crap just so you can say you repealed and replaced. You are killers of your own party.
If your bill is so great, Senator, let's have due process, hearings, and  bipartisan debate. Your stealth proves that we can't trust you.
Sure, all the cowards lining up to give Trump a "win", appease your Donors, hurt citizens. GOP nothing more than puppets of hate.
@LindseyGrahamSC @ScottWalker basically called you inefficient ineffective and unaccountable and you thanked him!
If we didn't have ACA I can think of many pt that would have died in SC. You really have no idea what you are doing & how many u will hurt
You were the good guy for a while! Now you have lost your mind!
#WishyWashy
If u fail again you should just quit... I would be fired if I failed at my job like you do...
No one, anywhere, has been able to convincingly explain why your plan is better.  Only that obamacare is bad.  Why is that, you think? 
is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get!
WHen Scott Walker is on your side, then you´ve gone very very wrong.
Keep the ACA; your plan will hurt your constituents. No to GCHJ.
@ScottWalker GCHJ will not pass.  Stop wasting time on political games and get to work on a bipartisan SOLUTION!
You don't really believe that do you?
Another sold soul doing the Devils dance
Why do you hate working class Americans, Senator?
80% of Americans want to save #Obamacare and say hell no to #GrahamCassidy
Yeah, Scott Walkers another person no one should ever listen to or believe that he has American's interest in mind. So NO to Kochs puppets.
It's your chance to make something worse for people.  Stop pretending like you don't get that.
You both will be voted out. Your in the pockets of the pharmaceutical companies and you guys don't care about Americans.
jeez really? no one believes you and questions your motives
How about growing up and working with Dems on a bipartisan fix of aca?
no maternity care,  no dollars for opioid crisis,  no coverage for pre-existing conditions,  millions losing insurance coverage? no thanks
@ScottWalker The people of Wisconsin should be working to replace you.
If govt officials burning thru funds nothing left for the States, get ur house in order. Check and balance someone, please! A damn shame!
Pathetic Graham.  Trump worshiper!!!!  To coin an idiot ... sad???
Walker please stay in Wisconsin and work for Koch Brothers.
The GOPenises don't believe in abortion, they just want to kill people who are already born. Great job Lindsey Graham.
Americans deserve better than this Graham Cassidy Bill.
VOTE NO!  @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain @RandPaul
Please don't put this up for a vote. Fix the ACA, or come up with a bi-partisan plan. Graham-Cassidy is deathcare not healthcare.
Spoken by the guy who busted his state !!
Why the rush without CBO score? Afraid of Donnie Two Scoops?

Pathetic
#KillTheBill
Murderer
You should be ashamed putting your name on that garbage.
How does It feels to be back stapped by your buddy McCain?All of those years of following him blindly, & he stabbed you like all the others.
So sad. Fix not replace!!
Senator Graham, I am truly disappointed in you.
From an independent conservative that leans right, if your own party can't agree, maybe you should reconsider.
Because Scott Walker is such a thoughtful and respected politician?  There is no bigger fool in all of politics.
Funny how you never mention what your bill does or is.  Only talk about repealing Obamacare.  You created this bogeyman.
Have you been hanging out with Voldemort again?
We are the United States Of America! We deserve United Healthcare, not whatstateyoulivin healthcare! Fucking get it already!
Scott Walker is your go-to guy...?  Yeesh!  Work across the aisle Senator
You can support something with nonbiowrtisan communication and cbo scote.  Come on. Works for the people @potus.
I don't support this bill & hope representatives & senators from AL don't support it either.
Hahaha, your sadistic plan is doomed.
Just stop being politicians and work for what is best for the American people! We want one payer medical care like Canada!
If Scott Walker likes this bill you know it's a dog.
Scott Walker is overly partisan and a fool.  He is also a well known shyster that got away with it. Who cares what he says.  He is corrupt.
Two wrongs. .....   way to grab for cash from states that actually cared about their own citizens
Will insurance companies provide insurance across state borders??  Only this will ensure competition, as you know. Please include.
GOP wants $$ from Koch brothers #SaveACA
are u willing to give up your own healthcare, rather than let taxpayers bears costs 4 you, do it now to show you believe this plan is fair.
did you give Wisc deal as you did AK?
You have lost the growing respect I had for you...disgraceful what you are doing to the ACA...majority of people want you to FIX IT
You only want to pass anything...not anything good, but just anything!
Shut up and sit down Lindsey!  Your time is OVER!
States are so much more effective that you have to bribe them with keeping Obamacare to vote for your garbage bill.
#NoGrahamCassidy

I'm a SC resident and haven't been to a doctor in years! I work 3 jobs and still can't afford health insurance because I'm 59. Thanks a lot!
No no no Senator! You do not understand health insurance!
Looks like your best bud @SenJohnMcCain hates Trump more than he likes you ! Your thoughts?
Wow, such outpouring of appreciation for Senator McCain today, because he's determined to save us from your deplorable 'health care' bill.
Not a single medical organization, state Medicare group supports your bill because it is horrible.  Start over w bipartisan effort
Cmon Lindsey..this isn't right and in your heart you know that.. so disappointed .
You make me sick.
Sir without CBO- we don't know how many Americans you will be killing- I bet more than ISIS Taliban & Al Qaeda combined- They're under 10K
Shame on you Aunt Pittypat & the Republican Party. Taking healthcare away from Americans & killing them is NOT was you were elected to do.
Yea Scott Walker just like they were better at segregation.
If you think this bill is so great, then you and your colleagues should be required to be covered under it as well. Sound fair?
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/22/us/politics/mccain-graham-cassidy-health-care.html …
OK, so do we get Single Payer now, like you promised?
We need term limits.
You will NOT have my vote 2020 #GrahamCasiddy
You’re an awful person and I hope you get voted out of office soon.
You do realize how this will hurt us, your constituents in SC?  You have lost your heart. @IndivisibleSC04 @IndivisibleCHS @indivisible_sc
Could his statement be any more inaccurate?!
I mean, a quick glance at Oklahoma moving to 4 day school weeks because their state budget is wrecked is a clear rebuttal
Or the fact that SC ranks 50th in education! 
Lindsey, Lindsey, Lindsey.....you should be ashamed of yourself.
This is not a repeal bill and it's also not a binary choice between socialism & federalism. And John McCain has now said he will vote "no".
your bro #Rino #McCain doesn't agree w/u. If u declared war on sum1 he would've been w/u #rep r just opposition refuse2 govern God help Us!
DISASTEROUS & I  U ALL LOSE YOUR JOBS!!!!!!!!!
Where is your conscience?? Are you really pushing this for power or money ?thought you cared about people of S.C & USA
.Your girlfriend McCain seems to be cheating on you. Looks like his new fling is with Communist Bernie Sanders
"I cannot in good conscience vote for the Graham-Cassidy proposal." Senator John McCain

McCain proved he cares about the American people.
Unfortunately your do nothing buddy McCain is stabbing Americans again we need term limits!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Are you under investigation by the FBI? Shame on you, for pushing this bill.
Shame on you!! You are heartless!! How can sleep at night knowing your bill will take away healthcare coverage from millions of Americans?!
All you are doing is trying to repeal and replace for the sake of the repeal. STOP playing politics and do your damn job right!
Ha!  A lying asshole thanking a bigger lying asshole for supporting his lies.  The Koch Brothers must be really proud of you two whores.
If you're going to repeal, replace it with something better. Help your constituents. You forget they voted you in, they can vote u out
For a little bit I was beginning to believe that you were an ok guy.  This bullshit bill just reconfirmed that you're the same asshole.
Maybe now,we will get an honest take on what the senators really are thinking!Thank you Sen http://McCain.Now , they can vote honestly
too busy worried about Obamacare than folks do about all the millions who will lose their healthcare.
Oh how I wish this were right.    You guys should have to use whatever healthcare policy you pass for the rest of us.
You disappointed me greatly.  I had hopes you of all the Senators would be one to wait and do this correctly, over time and debate.  But no
Why would bribes be needed to fellow Senators if the bill was so good
And now it will be written in history that you wanted to shit all over the citizens of this country! R u proud of yourself @LindseyGrahamSC
Stop this nonsense!
You are drunk on power and delusional about the reality of health care. Very disappointed in you Lindsey Graham
Pretty much the entire country, including every major medical organization, is against this bill. If you & the rest of the GOP pass this...
Nightmare scenario, all you are doing is proving you don't give a damn about the country that you've been elected to work FOR and all you...
Are is a puppet with the Koch Bros. & big pharma pulling the strings. This isn't a game! Stop trying to force the repeal of something just..
Because a black man pushed it through! Stop holding the gun to the country's head and playing Republican Roulette!  At least act like you...
Give a dann about the people you're representing!
#RepealAndGoFuckYourself #RepublicanRoulette
Get your buddy John straitened out or start the process to remove him because he is mentally unfit.
your good friend John McCain just came out and said he's voting against YOU! John's putting country before his friendship! You lose!
A message from @SenJohnMcCain....
Your buddy McCain does it again. Promised to be the "champion of repealing Obamacare". He is betraying his voters once again.
I'm sure u feel stabbed in the back by McCain 2day. 4 us OUT here, it's a stake in the heart.We CAN'T AFFORD PREMS. Find a WAY 2 do this plz
What does it feel like to have no soul?  It seems you sold yours to the devil long ago. Your bill is guaranteed to kill people & jobs.
Tell it to John McCain. Your "friend" the liar who said he'd lead the fight against Obamacare. What a fraud.
Isn't @ScottWalker the guy who took a phonecall from a prankster believing him to be one of the Koch brothers? Gullible then, gullible now.
You have to try to keep Pre-existing conditions at a fair and reasonable price, you earn 3x what I do, especially since you won't pass 1/
CDRP for medically retired Veterans. You don't have to cover everything, go back to buying junk insurance. Some States did not take the 2/
medicaid expansion, so we will pool it all back up and cover their states at the same level. It's ok to take money from the Blue donor 3/
states for red taker sates, as long as we get to screw the working class and give the proceeds to the top 1%, after all the Koch Brothers 4/
need the money more. The money we are giving you will run out in 10 yrs so every 7 to 10 yrs you should file bankruptcy on medical bills 5/
that way we can blame the minority groups and imigrants for bringing down the middle class wages, tell the white people it's your fault 6/
and stir around some racism so we can supress the vote and get the majority of the white vote. We are going to pretend we love the 1% 7/
that fight our wars for us, but only on holidays and during election, cause lord knows we can't afford to fix everything and everybody 8/
Every state said they aren't equipped to handle the healthcare needs of their residents. Every. Single. One.
Your donors are watching you and the rest of the GOP theives. SC is calling you back home. Bye Lindsay. Loser
Why not try and shame about 10 Democrats who would be receiving more health care dollars under this bill into supporting it.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
You might want to talk to your traitorous buddy @SenJohnMcCain. He just stabbed you in the back. Not surprising at all! #GrahamCassidyBill
You don't care about the millions you would be hurting in blue states. Thanks to Mccain who is a true hero & leader which you are aren't.
you suck as a human being. I hope the Koch money was worth selling your soul!
Another lie !!! You are a SHAME!!
PLEASE,  Your health bill  has to PASS!! Please convince @SenJohnMcCain  & the others!!  Very concerned!!
Thank you Senator @SenJohnMcCain for not playing politics with America's future.
#GrahamCassidy goes to grave it deserves #RadicalCentrism
It's over Lindsey. Now please get to work in a bi-partisan fix to the ACA. Save your legacy. #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
You’re buddy McCain just screwed you.
John McCain screwed us again.
DON'T MATTER NOW. John McCain rescues America. Again.  Not gonna lie, John McCain just might be sick of all this winning.
Too late there aren't enough votes to pass JUST STOP NOW
Lies
I liked you at one point !! No More !! What's wrong with you !!! MID-TERMS !!!! Fool us once .......... Your ALL OUT !!!
That #ScottWalker the #Unionbuster? Mr. Graham your no healthcare expert and Cassidy seems to be for sale so...why? What about #Medicaid?

It’s dead.
Although not what everyone wanted it's a step in right direction. We may be in incremental approach to fix this nightmare
Passing a bad bill just to get a win is not good for anyone..come up with a good one with bipartisanship #32millionabandoned
Your bill is a death panel. http://www.pnhp.org/news/2017/september/health-researchers-graham-cassidy-bill-would-increase-deaths-by-41600-annually#.WcVQZXV7gv8.twitter …
You sir, are an embarrassment to your country. You are an enemy of the people you pretend to serve. You are deplorable. Resign.

I cannot in good conscience vote for Graham-Cassidy. A bill impacting so many lives deserves a bipartisan approach. http://bit.ly/2xtEuvz  
Do you feel sand bagged by your best buddy RINO John McCain? A No vote from him.
U mean this is your last chance to shove this crappy bill thru before you require 60 votes to pass it! Don't try to pass off as good for us
John Mcain is a LIER and has betrayed the republican supporters
Crash and burn......
FU MS. Lindsay Graham!!!
He's support a blow job
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain my son with my donated kidney appreciates you #preexistingconditionsmatter

#preexistingconditionsmatter


ALL U care about is HELPING @POTUS TAKE apart @BarackObama LEGACY! U SHOULD BE ASHAMED of yourself! WE R AMERICANS N WE HAVE A VOICE MCCAIN
You Repubs are guilty of fighting last war. Americans want affordable care for all. Strengthen via bipartisanship, not this loser of a bill
#kill the bill
GOP - finding more ways to make poor Americans wish they were dead or Canadian.
Fuck both of ya'll.
