I'm going to have to pass on this one. Can't listen to you sell out Americans for some political capital.
No thanks RAT
I wish you'd speak with constituents as often as you speak to news cameras...
*score*
You don't speak as an American representative protecting the integrity of the USA, You chose the Republican Party over dignity & patriotism.
Traitor !!!!!!
What happen to a straight shooter we use to know, had a cold feet todaynif all day?????
Sticking with the trump is too stupid to conspire story?
Insidious because it passes so many believability tests.
Lindsey still thinks going on CBS is of any use.  Amazing
People will respect so much more when you decide to choose country over party 
Looking forward to volunteering here in SC & voting for your challenger in 2020. And I'm a Democrat.  Sold your soul to DJT. SAD! And dumb.
You protect trump everytime! When are you going to demand the truth?
Why does Donald want to lift Russian sanctions so bad?
Won't help. Trump is toast.
Comey  set up special prosecutor and framed the Russian hack well. Those that don't support him are  Russian sympathizers like lying Trump.
@SenJohnMcCain detracted from open-session hearing, and neither of you contributed any sorely needed intellectual leadership re: #TrumpGate
Sad day for non-partisanship & #GOP
Totally given up on you and any hope of integrity from your party. Politician, but not a patriot. Sad.
Lindsey is part of the slow moving swamp creatures moving with the dinosaur media. Trump is moving so fast ahead of the dinosaurs.
Apparently you and friends have entered the too big to fail classification. Will take more than a forked tongued hillbilly to bail this out
You're a sackless wonk!  What do you expect from a man named "Lindsey?" #TrumpRussia #GOPEunuchs #TrumpRussiaCollusion #ComeyAintTrumpsHomie
Another topic - Protect Dodd Frank
yea i watched it, same old shit
Shame
So we can watch you toe the party line and put the #GOP and #45 before the country again? Rinse and repeat ad nauseum.
Good Thursday Morning,Sen.Lindsey GRAHAM of South Carolina Armed Services and Judiciary Committees
Choose country over party, you pushover.
I am one of your constituents. Please speak with ME! We need to talk.
Stand by the POTUS. There is nothing to the Russia story and you know it, so go out and say is and quit being a RINO.
Comey's May 3 testimony, his conduct since, and lack of evidence thus far lessens impact of today's hearing. Prefer to listen your analysis.
No thank you! You've lost any credibility you may have had! #Traitor
If the president if the United States is accused of coercion or obstruction, will there be justice?
I seen you and you 'Sucked'
Got your talking points ready?
repubs are done! All traitors over the country..it's clear!
Just Say NO to TREASON! #RussianDebts #ChineseDebts #collusion #fraud #Mayflower
Like: if I said "you are a weasel man with weird teeth" would you hear "you are a man with teeth"?
Not in majority in USA no place wake up before u speak Russian soon,Putin have soon buy a wise one/ USA THINK OFF THAT before it's to late
PERSONALLY INVESTIGATED AT THIS TIME. PERSONALLY. His administration is very much under investigation. Do you read every other word always?
Better not. Listening to you consistently has shown me a man who risks our democracy for someone he previously admitted was garbage
Who cares, you still think Trump is a great guy! Pound Sand #GOP Hack!
Please don't just spew the GOP-approved talking points... and do maintain some integrity.
We need leaders in GOP. Country over Party. Constitutional loyalty. Truth over cover-up.
Be a leader and put the country first
Nah...you lie like a rug, don't need to hear it
You're better suited for Fox News.
Why? You're just going to be supporting @realDonaldTrump for party over country. Useless, just like @SenJohnMcCain
You need to stand up for this country & the Constitution. Party over politics. #COMEYDAY
Don't discredit you legacy by justifying this Presidents actions. History has a watchful eye.
Why?
Lindsey!! You flip and flop like a fish out of water..more 45 propaganda?? you really need to pick a side..and quit covering up for him
This!
To see you deny what Trump has done? No thanks.
When you quit defending this Russian administration people will listen. Your opinions are mute and deceitful.
FLIP FLOP FLIP FLOP! #RussianCollusion #KremlinGate #FamilyOfGrifters #Traitors #CountryOverParty ALWAYS What's it going to be?
You r working hard to throw cover over gop's fake prez.
So nice your protecting Trump again this morning .Get that loyalty card punched again.Trump over your country
Nope
At least it's not Fox Not News. I'll give you that. Planning on flip flopping yet again? Care to explain your Russian donors?
Can you stand up for your country for at least the rest of the year and get rid of this corrupt administration?I didn't think so typical GOP
Fox channel you supported Trump. Let's see if you flip back to the against the RUS-PUBLICAN PARTY & TRUMP
Sorry, sir. Not since you have turned DT protector & shill.
You lie so much. I don't need to listen.
get trump
