Like that has worked in SC? Ask the elderly and the parents of children. Get out of your bubble. Stop talking at us and listen to us.
McMaster already says he will cut Medicaid. SC has sick and needy people! NO cuts to Medicaid or Planned Parenthood for women's healthcare!
Haley not an early trump supporter, McMaster was.She got sent off to NY and he got the state. Why would you think a trump crony would care?
The women of SC need control of their own bodies. Government should stay out of vaginas.
Amen
Are we going to have different healthcare standards of living, based on the state one lives in? Will someone have to move for prenatal care?
Sir, that is not good. Some states are poorer and standards would be lower. Some GOP leaning states would give little coverage to poor. 1/3
To give the best coverage to those that can't help themselves, it is better, to have entire nation in the money pool, or the RED southern
states will offer none and people will be moving to states that do, putting all the burden there. That is just wrong.
There definitely IS a one size fits all! It's called single payer! Let's get ALL Americans 100% healthcare coverage!
That worked so well with slavery and segregation, right?
Nope.  States are not using scientific evidence so they can't be trusted.
Healthcare is not a "states" issue. It's a national issue. Plus walling it all by state hurts competition + reduces economy of scale effects
Translation: I don't know how to fix healthcare, but I do know I don't like single payer, the most obvious solution.
Can be universal,without being single payer, like in the rest of the world.
Your right get insurance back to the states
What about the states that can't do it on their own?
Americans who live in South Carolina often find themselves in Texas or Ca or NY. We still have a mobile & dynamic society.  People move!
cut the size of all Governments; cut taxes.  Put the money in the hands of tax paying Americans.
Unless your governor is in a wheelchair but doesn't give a damn about anyone else...
NO AMNESTY FOR ILLEGALS

What is wrong with you? #BuildTheWall #DeportThemAll

Just resign already.
One size fits all is what you have sir. Your insurance is the same as @KamalaHarris  and should be the same for America
If that happened, FL and MS would happily screw over the poor, elderly and disabled. Re-think this.
Really? the poorest states obviously have fantastic state governments that act in their citizens' interests. Well, mine doesn't
Ooooooh, we could get rid of the Army, Navy, Marines, and Air Force and have 50 little individual versions of those, too! How fun!
Yes, we could have really great competitions between states, and in true tumparian spirit, mine would be better than yours. Best mini mil!
Read and learn Mr. Graham .
No.  My state, Tx. would not do the right thing with the money.  They can't do the right thing now!
Sounds like voucher. Which can be gone in 1 E-Room visit
Ya'll should all just resign if u can't shake the obsession w making PBO look bad
no. Health insurance companies are nationwide. Single payer.
Government should get out of the business all together  let everyone buy their own through employer. But that wld mean ppl have to work.
So, you mean like giving the states the option to expand medicare? Where republican governors decide that those in need don't deserve it?
How about the healthcare needs of all working Americans who lost their private insurance, & dr's that cannot afford premiums, meds, docs?
Don't cut tax support from Aff.
Care Act.
REPEAL all tax cuts since Reagan era.
-- THIS is what I'm advocating! This is the answer, so go REPEAL and REPLACE!  Stop the Obamacare madness.
Then repeal.
Isolating H/C to state control hut s the multitude of citizens who travel the nation for work/pleasure. As a people we are mobile and modern
This is what the new healthcare bill should be doing
@LindseyGrahamSC You don't know how it works. A condition is treated by same medicine. Treatment for condition as asthma don't choose state.
I agree - lets also flip the federal & state tax percentages.
full repeal of ACA
Coverage needs to cross state lines. We don't need 50 different plans. We're beyond pissed that republicans can't get this done. Such BS!
I totally agree with you
Like SC did not expand medicaid and left thousands without help? We're 42 on the healthiest state list. When are you up for election?
Like SC refused to expand medicaid and left thousands without any health care? SC is 42 on th
I run a business tht creates tax $$$ & jobs. Taking cue from the GOP, will complain about rivals plan for 7 years then have no alternative!
This means you want to literally "pass the bucks" back to the states because congress can't come up with anything acceptable.
That sounds like a repeated failure easy to happen. For fucks sake, Senator how about we grow up and join the world?
How many citizens aren't ever able to reach their potential contribution to this great country because healthcare is off the table?
ALL Americans deserve a health care system that works. So why don't you an your GOP colleagues get to work on bipartisan national plan?
Explain your vision - Why is health care different from state to state? Can less privileged states afford it? So federal regulation here?
Hard to generalize on wisdom of this - such as in healthcare that can cause a race to bottom.
Why don't we regulate the insurance industry instead of the USA's citizens?
Do Senators from Calif have a different coverage you have from SC. Of course not, cancer  diabetes and illness is the same in every state
States like SC refused to play. Why not single payer, or better yet the plan you have.
How does that work with people moving state to state? How do we get real info on healthcare?
That is meaningless. All states, all people need healthcare. You really mean some states s/b able to screw their citizens to benefit rich.
#SinglePayer is the only solution.
The real question from yesterday should be.. Why were the Russians at the state dept. Do your damn job.
Quit putting everything on the working class. Put it on the Trump class you feel the pain!
What you mean is the poor get crappy healthcare and you the wealthy get something else
Stop pushing back everything to the states and do something right for the American people! If not, leave your office to someone Who will.
Oh please, the Carolinas are beyond crooked. That money would line pockets not help people.
Stop. It's tedious.
When our states mismanage the funds, spend it elsewhere to fill gaps, or pass regs to make qualifying for coverage impossible,
who do we turn to for redress? Or are we just supposed to move to a more friendly state at that point? Maybe we should ask Mississippi why
89% of their ppl who apply for food stamps, don't qualify & see who's helping them?
Have you driven on the roads in SC? Right wing fanatics in the State House won't pay to fix a pot hole. In charge of health care? Hell no!
We all breathe the same dirty air and drink the same dirty water and have the same health issues. Except YOU have better  insurance. #diva
So what you have in mind for us, then?  We are ranked 50th in education, D+ for infrastructure.  Thanks, but no thanks, we need Federal
guidelines.  Southern senators and governors don't care if Dixie turns into the Third World....as long as you have your security.
No Lindsay. Time to join rest of civilization and pass universal.
People can buy private care or insurance on top of that but provide basic
Leave the Affordable Healthcare Act intact!!!!!
#repealAndGoFuckYourself Sad!
Universal health care! It's that simple
ACA allows for that.
You would think a senator would know that.
but some states don't take care of their people. Red state life is hard.
No! All citizens deserve equal treatment!!!
Does it occur to you how much that would limit interstate mobility?  Must be primarily handled at federal level.  21st century!
You missed out he boat on this one,the word is (McCain) your not as sharp as you used to be.
So South Carolina can take care of health care like they take care of infrastructure? No thanks.
Or education, or domestic violence, or ....
No. Just stop it. There need to be rules for how we spend public money.
Didn't realize heart attacks, cancer, etc are different in SC than in PA, NY, TX....I guess there's more blk lung in KY tho.
Tell y'all what: you give us the same healthcare Congress gets and we can call it even.
This hasn't worked in MS. Instead, we have high rates of mentally ill on the streets and health depts are closed!
Repeal the damn thing. Start fresh and let the Dems join in!
Poor healthcare =economic loss . You can't just dump national issues into state hands. Learn to become leaders not cowards.
But how well does that work for people who travel or move between states to keep up their careers?  I like to think I live in one country.
I'd rather live in a country where I can get great coverage in any state.
unnecessary tests ran at clinics and extremely high salaries for doctors bleeds the system
what if nobody got a tax return and taxes were hiked on cheap junk food...as well as a small tax hike on everything else? $
No.  Illinois couldn't get the job done.
And when the budget is in shambles who do you think will suffer?
agreed
Like that works in TX, already at the bottom of the barrel in all phases of HC? Where poor folks are not even a consideration? Shameful.
Disagree.  S/b a set #CoastToCoast #StateToState baseline citizens can expect from govt. US is late compared to leading nations abt natl HC.
Like Florida? That asshole is screwing everyone in FL
Won't that way work Lindsey. Everyone needs to participate for it to work.
And what happens if I travel to a different state? Am I covered or am I just SOL?
Is there a way to reward innovative initiatives?
So what exactly would your plan be for SC? Expand Medicaid maybe?No lifetime caps? Cover pre-existing conditions? All of the above hopefully
How are you returning $ back to states when you are slashing Medicaid?
What $$$$$$?????? That would only be a dropper full for the Olympic pool!! And from state to state, very unequal!
United States not individual states
Yes, and all congressmen and women should have to use the programs their states provide. That's where you were going with this, right?
We're the UNITED states, & the majority of ppl believe that everyone deserves access to adequate healthcare. Keep it Federal, & improve it..
Will u and your family pledge to discontinue your current healthcare, and get on whatever wonderful plan the GOP comes up with for us?
You know that states aren't people, right? Like we aren't trying to fix Florida's gout using Tennessee's amoxicillin here.
Oh look, everyone in all of the states needs health care. Who knew!? Please address that. Thank you.
Yet the Senate wanted to exempt themselves from any waivers put forth by their own state.  Does not sound like much confidence in states
No we should all have equal rights for good healthcare not dependent on what state you live in.
How does that address frequency of procedures variance, and cost variances by locale for identical procedures?
I think guidelines like no caps, no pre-existing condition clauses, and all essential services be covered are important.
Called passing the buck. But really only fifty cents
And have 50 different health insurance systems? ACA is workable as a framework. How about working on updating it instead of bulldozing it?
Everyone needs EHBs and PEC coverage.
Not equatable. Too much difference in wealth of states
Why don't you work it through the committee process and get input from both Republicans and Democrats? #CommonSense
u will need democratic help
Medicare for all! Citizens over lobbyists!
States don't need health care, individuals do. You intend to advance ethnic cleansing.  Neo-naziism isn't normal.
Maybe if congress had to have the same coverage as average Americans they would come up with a good plan
Instead of working to repeal the ACA out of spite, @GOP should be working to make adjustments that improve healthcare. Stop being selfish.
Great, find a way to do that by fixing the #ACA
Shut up Lindsey. No one cares about the opinions of a waffling lickspittle.
In too many states, poor people aren't big enough for the sizes those governments want to treat well. Medicare for all!
My fellow SC citizens have different needs, create a bigger healthy pool country wide = lower costs.
it took you 7 years to think of THAT?
Don't allow Russia to take back the compounds. Fight for America!
Bigger priority is ending direct purchase of insurance by employers. Must tackle employer health care tax deduction!
Everytime I think you will do the right thing you lose your balls and go back to being a little princess. #growapair
So why were you planning on voting for the Senate healthcare bill then?
Instead of 1-SIZE FITS ALL solution from Washington should return dollars back to the states -- address individual states health care needs.
No, because those in red states would be screwed over. Healthcare is a national, not a state issue. Try just fixing the ACA instead
Parties should work together to make improvements to the ACA
We've seen countries that provide universal health care to its citizens at a lower cost than our system. But we must be different. America!
No Senator your completely wrong! If I live in a State that rejects Medicare and Medicaid expansion, what do I do, move? That won't work!
I want the same healthcare coverage @SenateMajLdr and the rest of those crooks have!!!!!
Lindsey, Please just fix the healthcare we have & stop the insanity of replacing a bad law with a really bad law !! #JustFixACA #Bipartisan
Um maybe get the insurance companies out of running health care and asking Doctors
You govern a NATION! Act like it. Don't pass the buck down to the states. National health care policy.
Sorry, you are wrong. Only a centrally coordinated effort will solve the insurance mess. I have dealt with it and I know. You don't.
Some states have crap laws, allowing fake groups, post claims under writing, tier rating, the types of misconduct are never ending.
Wrong!
EHBs set a baseline for care. After that bitch about state differences all you want
You can't even organize your caucus.
Nobody gets to pick and choose their illnesses and that is why we need single payer healthcare for every American 
Mr. Graham why are you against universal healthcare? We pay for you have have healthcare! Well you answer? Probably not.
This is a terrible idea. People would  have to move states to get chemo coverage?
Everyone deserves top-notch healthcare, not just a few and far between or those who can't afford it
Nope.
My state doesn't take care of people well.
Like how some states have people that get sick and need treatment and others don't. That would indeed require totally different approaches.
That would be great IF states would do something. Look that the idiots who didn't expand Medicaid. 
How is breast cancer or MS or ANYTHING different in SC vs any other state? What a goddam waste of money Senator.
You are lying.  All of your proposals have been about returning dollars to millionaires.  States and health care get the short stick.
Don't the needs of us middle-class working Americans count? We are taxpayers, we took the hit.
Fund the CSRs. Add back risk corridors. Keep encouraging states to get waivers to experiment. We can do better. We will all be better for it
Why was the Russian foreign Minster at the state dept. Today?
One size fits all is a great way to ensure uniformity in coverage. As Americans, don't we all have the right to the same healthcare?
Everyone gets sick. Everyone dies. It kind of IS one size fits all.
Stop tweeting and sit down with Democrats now. Get to work!
So would you want your medical coverage dictated by the governor of SC??
ACA needs repealed, I have employer subsidized health insurance that I can not afford to use, much larger % income now on health care.
I agree. Time for the federal government to require each state to have their own single-payer system. Genius, Lindsey!
NOOOOOO !
Instead of governing why not just play more golf? The results are the same anyway.
Is it really too much to ask for Americans to have the same access to medical coverage as their elected representatives?
Yeah, because the States are so fair with its citizens.
Uh, that’d be ObamaCare. You’re working on repealing a law you don’t understand?
