I have it. It *is* working. Stop the lies please.
Yes it needs to be fixed to make it work better but to say "it's not working, period" is just not true. I want it to work for all too.
Just bc it works 4 u, doesn't mean it works 4 others.
That's because red state governors have only offered stripped down plans in their states. CA has plans that fit every budget/need!
And CA IS broke
Nope, not at all! And CA taxes help support failing red states!
If CA is "broke", it probably has something to do with the fact that it provides welfare for Republican, southern states 
No it is welfare for undocumented illegal aliens. Californians r moving to Texas 2 get away from taxes, etc
Of course it can be repaired. The problem is the #GOP doesn’t care enough to fix it. Americans depend on their coverage.
It was broke before GOP was the majority It was broke cause only a few are benefiting and a lot are being harmed by it.

You need to get out of your bubble and talk to people who are not benefiting from free stuff.
You need to talk to people like us. Lives were saved thanks to Obamacare. My husband has heart disease. Couldn't get insurance until ACA.
Not saying it didn't help some but then it hurt others. HC should be good for all not just some. There is a lot of problems with OBama care
You should be putting the blame where it belongs, on the insurance companies who are at fault for the price gouging.
I do blame insurance co and Hosp. But also people who are taking advantage of the system. One by going to Er for a simple sinus infection.
Sir, please fix the ACA. Rename it if you'd like, but fix it. Don't leave millions of Americans without healthcare.
The IRONIC thing, Obamacare was actually a plan that originated at the Heritage Foundation - a conservative org.
Based on Romneycare he came up with when he was governor

Those two vile crooks make me want to puke
Trump and Lindsey?
Michael and Odummer
.@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump and your answer send $ to the state?! SC the same state that couldn't pass a simple roads bill for years.
Not to mention statehouse corruption probe, I-95 corridor of shame, but let's give them more ways to fail their state.
My kids attend school on the corridor and while I do feel our teachers do their best with what they have, I supplement at home always.
I offer assistance to any who struggle helping their kids with their homework and such. I supplement by reading, touring sites, etc
actually you admit your own stupidity...as it is most definitely fixable...you just have to want to.  #Keg_Care
Your not for the people of SC, only for yourself, you've always been that way
MARK this day on your calendars a Dem agrees w @realDonaldTrump . Doesn't  it feeeel right ?
You might want to come out from behind the Curtain... before you're caught playing games behind it.
Maybe you guys should try replacing it with something better this time. Just a thought. I know sounds crazy right? But...anyway....(sigh)
The ACA framework is from Former Republican Governor Romney, Obama was smart to use it...the GOP can not replace it. Midterms are coming!
I'm anxious to see the GOP plan which retains GI and CR and prohibits underwriting and rescission and which prohibits the junk "insurance"
which was so prevalent in the pre-ACA individual marketplace, and which prohibits annual and lifetime caps in group & individual markets.
About the only thing I can think of which will provide all those protections to consumers and those with pre-existing conditions is to make
Medicare and/or Medicaid available to everyone and to subsidize those who would be unable to afford the premiums.
Trump's presidency is fatally flawed. And your undying political expediency is alarming.
man. You R's are seriously helpless.
Trump knows it can be fixed and you know that too. Your egos are getting in the way to do what's right for millions of Americans.
How about MAKE IT BETTER by working with Democrats to improve it, like they've been trying to do for years
You blatlently said in an interview, your choices on voting were party over country.

"The skinny bill as a replacement for Obamacare is a fraud." 

- Sen. Lindsey Graham  
You are so wrong Senator. Can definitely be fixed. If the imbecile in the White House would just shut up and support the law.
Seven years and this is your response?  Can we fix your health insurance?
7 yrs you've had to produce something better, and you failed. What is your plan besides saying the ACA is a failure?
Then work with Dems to write something to replace. Btw, if I were you I'd listen more to your friend @SenJohnMcCain than @realDonaldTrump
Our president can't be repaired and must be replaced

You are wrong
Graham you and your cronies should be ashamed of yourselves. Your friendship w McCain can't keep sustaining you. Do what's right for the USA
Bullshit. Restore funding you stole from risk corridors and significantly strengthen imdividual mandate penalties. You KNOW this would fix!
The ISSUE is ALL AMERICANS must have equal access to healthcare. It's about NOT your Obama-hate. Got it?
I have voted for you in every election but your vote for repeal was an embarrassment.  You might be the one who needs replacement.
It CAN be fixed, so do it!!#FixACA
Then make the insurance you have available to everyone.  There are lots of good things in Obamacare.  How about standing up for everyone.
Huh! You think! Stop obstructing and get on board!
Obviously you have NO plan after 7years.  Do the right thing..repair, tweak, make it BETTER.  If you don't, we know you want to erase Obama
The effect of Medicare & Medicaid on market prices is like a sold out Football Game where non-members buy seats on Stub-hub.
Lindsey you're truly schizoid when it comes to truth telling. At times your feet are grounded in fact & at others in party Could be a leader
Isn't this America? What happened to the "can do spirit"?  If the reports are to believed, it benefits millions of Americans.
It can be mended. No need to repeal it. Build it bigger and stronger!
Retain and repair!
With Medicare for all!
Have U learned nothing from UR best friend/colleague @SenJohnMcCain?  Please reconsider repairing the bill that was a Republican bill ITFP.
@cologop @realDonaldTrump O yes put them all on Obamacare and the mandatory fines for cadillac plans. Watch them vote
Please don't encourage him. It's over!!! #coupdegrace
Your spine must be made of jello.
Doing the right thing is not always the easy thing.  Do not let the Trump presidency compromise your ethics, integrity or your honor.
I agree with the American people, trump, Graham, Ryan, McConnell and anyone else working for Putin like them must be tried for treason
It should be gotten rid of all together and let the free market have it back.  A total scam.

Well then y allbest roll up those Red sleeves o yours!
Have you traveled around the world and see how other countries make it work? It is kind of cool.
Canada has free health care.  I live 2 hours from the border. Ask those coming into the US how great their system is.
I have a good friend who is Canadian and has many health issues and the healthcare there is horrendous! He gets what he pays for..not much
Happy to give all the socialists out there plenty of real life examples of healthcare in Canada...
You are applying anecdotal evidence vs. hard statistics. Is it perfect? No of course not -humans are involved. haha.
Are you Canadian gfrancie? Perfection is never attainable but incompetence, lack of compassion, interminable waits & suffering =unacceptable
Deep thinker I see! Obvi a loonie left. Goodbye & good luck!
You are coming back to this conversation now? We have moved on. We're talking about kittens today. Keep up.
So must you
You say you're voting NO then you vote YES! Now you're supporting Trump! You're either a LIAR or a COWARD! We must VOTE Graham OUT!
#2020anybodybutlindseygraham
Let's repeal and replace you two...
Why would a republican want to demolish the republican health care plan they put forward in the 1990's?
He's not your kinda evil when it comes to Russia and being a disgrace to the office in general but you're tots okay with this kinda evil.
Of course it can! You haven't even tried to fix it!  You and your ilk are idiots!!  Why don't you try to put country over part for a change!!
.@POTUS Please direct OPM to rescind Congressional Obamacare exemption so they'll be motivated to finally #RepealObamacare
Can. You. Stop. Destabilizing. My. Childrens. Health. Insurance. Now.
Exactly.
Take some damn responsibility for the mess you created when you endorsed this racist narcissist. You have no concept of progress. You own it
Turns out #Obamacare is fatally flawed bc Trump won't commit to reimburse cost-sharing reduction payments. He is forcing it to fail.
That is total bullshit.  Obamacare started failing 7 years ago. Trump has been president 6 months.  So explain to me how it's Trumps doing
Precisely they knew for 5-6 years it would fail & did nothing but talk about how great it is. Now suddenly they want it fixed.
k
Rubbish
Talk to your #BFF John McCain and ask him why he flipped a betrayed the American people who are suffering under flawed Obumble Care.
Linsey, please cross the isle & talk to others who actually know before spouting party li(n)e
How about giving ALL Americans the same coverage enjoyed by Congress. Too expensive? FIX THE OUTRAGEOUS COSTS. You can do it.
You forgot "by the free market".
it can be but you clowns are just too lazy to do it.
Sounds like soon as Sen McCain leaves town these coward senators go back to their same old shit!! Disgraceful bunch of WORTHLESS PARTISANS
It's flawed because of the GOP butchering.
There's gonna come a day when history will rue anyone that agreed with this nut job excuse of a president on anything!
You give up your insurance first- maybe then the rest of us will consider it. Also, stop talking about it- come up with a plan for everyone
YOU CAN FIX ACA, rename it if it is a ego thing.  WE don't care.  Just fix it.
How's that goin?
Stop saying ACA can't be fix. Have you had public hearings/debates? Listen to health policy experts? Patient groups?
Or even considered these proposals by Democrats weeks ago? Why are you and the @GOP being so careless w/ ppl's lives (other than tax cuts)
You must be replaced.
Just when I thought you had real balls. How can you continue to support this very dangerous man? One day you will be held accountable.
But first repealed! @SenTedCruz @RandPaul @SenMikeLee @randycorporon @PPennypacker @jerome_corsi @RogerJStoneJr
What happened to sitting down & discussing this like adults on a bipartisan basis? Repubs have had SEVEN years to come up w/ a plan & failed
Here we go again. @gop you got nothing!! FIX THE ACA!! Fix the ACA!!
If we had smart people we could do it alas we hsve republicans
I call BS!!! You had many yrs to fix it!
Call it what you want - a repair, or a replacement. Just be responsible w/ our National Healthcare system. Be bipartisan. Work together.
Pretty sure at this point it's mostly the name they can't handle, so 'call it what you want' is a great idea. 
Agreed. And of course, it was the GOP that chose that name "Obamacare."
You are wrong.  Anything can be legislatively amended.   OCA should be fixed and not thrown out.
NO NO NO!  I must NOT be replaced.  It must be REPEALED.  Let the free market do what it does best and get your grubby govt hands off it!
IT must not be replaced. #FULLREPEAL
Before repeal a new plan must be scored & hearings & bipartisan support. Realistically 12-18 mos needed. Why is this so hard to understand?
With what? Trump care? Who only care about the rich tax cuts?
Mr Graham every time you say something that isn't trump ass kissing I think wow we have a man with honor and then to find it's lies like all
So FIX it!!!  For just one minute, pretend that you and your family need a resolution to the problem your constituents deal with every day!
What is the fatal flaw in your view?  My understanding is that you don't think gov't should help people get healthcare.  Is that it?
You are forcing it to fail. Your party has been undermining it for years. Can't stand it when the poor are taken care of, can you? Smh

Nobody cares what its called. In the end as long as it works all of u will be remembered for ur role. FIX IT...
Such crap. You've never tried.
UNLESS YOU REACH OUT TO DEMOCRATS ANY REPLACEMENT THE GOP COMES UP WITH,WILL BE A DISASTER!
Wrong, it must be completely Repealed
We often dislike most that which displays our own worst traits.
Try fixing it. Or going with single payer. Nothing Trump says should be agreed with anymore. You will be painted with the same brush Sir.
Agree!  All insurance based finance systems are fatally flawed. Here's my idea: http://Changehealth.today  It's time for a new approach.
With what?
repeal & replace...just bad healthcare
Can we all just agree that #Democrats & #Republicans are BOTH LIARS!?! #DrainTheSewer
We feel the same about you.
LG, I admire u in so many ways, so please help get this done!
I am surprised that you would give him a pass after he threatened and berated the Congress. No one should be bullied like that
Good try but no cigar.  Please fix ACA - America deserves it.  Take blinders off and give it a try!
If it can be replaced, it can be more easily fixed. What if we agree to no longer call it #Obamacare #ACA
You are incorrect, sir, unless you want to replace with a public option. Do not jeopardize my health insurance.
Could you just NOT
Senator...everyone sees through the the games you RINOs play.  McCains (your buttbro) the worst.
So why is the GOP version failing to get the overwhelming support of the people ?
Have fun with that.
Well you guys had 7 years to put a few plans together.  Yall were to busy hating on President Obama and were not prepared. Blame yourserlf.
So what the heck you guys been doing for the past 7 years besides criticizing?  Seems you shd have developed something by now!
Wrong
@AprilDRyan @realDonaldTrump in case people have forgotten. Thank you @BarackObama.
O.K. I agree. So, GET R DONE.
Unfortunate that neither of you understand the problems.
Keep getting told GOP & business have innovative thinkers; you prove that wrong.
Yeah, your track record - voting for a bill you claimed was a fraud! You LIE...  you all need to tweak obamacare..  get over yourselves
you are as manic as president. It's beginning to look like your strings are being pulled. It'll all come out in the wash.
your hate, despise and envy for Pres Obama is going to destroy every last one of you angry men. Unbecoming and nite cute.
WRONG...try again.
When are you going to call for the disbanding of the special counsel. It's clear Comey constructed a scenario. He lied.

WRONG
Not true Lindsey. You know that. Stop lying to suit your agenda. Stop propping up a Putin puppet and DO YOUR JOB! #ImpeachTrump
Just FIX the problem.
Lindsey, have u sold ur soul to special interest & 1%?  It is sad to see how u fail to work 4 our people!
Every single piece of major legislation hss needed tweeks and fixes over time...@SenateGOP refused to even consider any fix in past 4+ yrs.
Shhhh. We are almost cool with you.
Just STOP. Obamacare Can be fix and you know it. It was the GOP that broke it with 109 amendments and years of sabotage. WE don't all watch

Give the citizens the same care you have. #republicanhypocrisy
My GOD, I hate to be in Graham, GOP  &  especially Chucky Trump shoes, when reaping day come, it don't come back on u like u dish it out.
Sir, please reach across party lines and work to fix ACA.  America needs you.
Respectfully, Senator, you're wrong.
Replaced with what Senator?
Which side are you on? Democrats, Republicans or the American people?
It can be repaired stop being Partisan be a Patriot think abt us U had 8 years & cant do better than tax cuts 4 millionaires? #ACAhereToStay
Not only Trump's spitefulness against Congress to not reimburse hurts people who are poor but also those who paid in the system -Medicare.
What the heck are they piping into Republicans offices? Saying "I agree with Trump" is the first sign that you have lost your g.d. mind.
Miss Lindsey, Please realize the ONLY workable solution in the end is a form of Medicare for all. Sip your mint julip and say I do declare.
Replaced with single payer? I totes agree, get to work.
But your bff voted no
1. Most health policy experts disagree - ACA Can & should be fixed. Bipartisan effort is critical!
You haven't even tried to fix it. You just want to erase any trace of Obama, and you can't stand the fact that a black man did good.
Not replaced, Repaired, Actually NO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL ONLY APPROVE SINGLE PAYER HEALTHCARE FOR ALL! Try us!
Then do something about. You and McCain had a chance at reconciliation and grandstanded. It is not one and done, you have years to amend it.
JUST LIKE YOU!
You spent 7 years not fixing it. People are counting on you. Do your job instead of ingratiating yourself to a failing president.
Get ready folks.
Shut up, Lindsey.
Special counsel investigation is a violation of the president's constitutional rights. End it now
Just fix it.
Dude. Seriously?
Graham you ARE Wrong IT CAN BE FIXED, Lets take away your GOVT care
Congress had 7 years to identify solutions for the ACA.  Now, it seems like you trying to cobble together a last minute deal.  Fix it!
You can't replace it until you Repeal Obamacare. Now get off your ass and get it done
Same can be said of the current president
Thank you Mr. Graham! Repeal Obamacare!People that CAN AFFORD IT get it and if you can't you don't!!! THATS HOW IT WORKS IN THE REAL WORLD!!
It isn't a RIGHT it's a PRIVILEGE!!!
GOP prob.  ACA bad.  Need repal. OK hve had 7 yrs for better plan  Where is it? PBO even told cong if U hve better plan give to him?  Humm
@billpostmus @realDonaldTrump  Why then you didn't persuade maverick McCain to join you in voting to get rid of it
How many years can you keep saying that?...How many years can you keep saying that?...How many years can you keep saying that?...How many...
EVERYTHING the GOP has submitted is fatally flawed. How can ACA be any worse? Its gonna take you guys 2 years to come up with a descent plan
Fix it.  !!!! Give it another name if you want. But just fix it. !!!
You had 7 yrs numb nutz
You couldn't be more wrong.  Ask the 30 million people who didn't have coverage before Obamacare.  Do you have no conscience?  Shame on you.
Should have told Drew boy John McCain
You're delusional. Agreeing with a man who hasn't been right (or honest) about a single thing he has said is no example of leadership. Shill
I was counting on you and you have let me along with millions of other people down. I guess you're not like your friend @SenJohnMcCain
Rates are going up because of Trump and the Rhetoric pushing for this. By writing your Rhetoric it shows lack of awareness that to destroy
QUIT MIMICKING PARTY LINE.BE BRAVE LIKE MCCAIN AND WORK WITH DEMOCRATS
Been looking at the polls in the hotbed of secession.
READ THE CONSTITUTION  FED GOVT HAS NO JURISDICTION OVER HEALTH CARE #Repeal&ReturnToStates
"I agree with the president" think about the mental stability of @realDonaldTrump and ask yourself is this a good idea? #25thAmendmentNow
Then work to replace it with something better & STOP trying to just yank it away or replace w/ something disastrous.
I AGREE with President @BarackObama EVERY AMERICAN DESERVES HEALTHCARE !!!!! EVERY AMERICAN!!!
ONLY b\c GOP refuse to work on it. POTUS hates Obama & wants to get rid of anything bearing his name even if it hurts us.
No it's not ....get to work and fix it. By the way the public has gone from hating it ...to being happy in general with it
ACA is law. Failing to fund and letting it implode is anathema to national health and rule of law. Fix it! #NoRepeal
So is the district you represent!
Its not what you say, but what you do
When are you guys going to put aside your rage against the black man and do something to help the people? Pathetic.
Maybe you and DJT can be replaced and Bipartisanship might stand a chance
Start by listing the fatal flaws.
All headlines, and no detailed policy debate, makes America Stupider!
Oh dear god, just when I think I can support you. Jeez. It's flawed, not fatally flawed. It's the best we've had.
You ALMOST had me for a second, but then you said "replaced"... @realDonaldTrump
ACA fatal flaw is vulnerability to being strangled to death. Stop removing support. There are flaws but GOP proposed solutions are worse.
In what way?  Specifics please.
You need to convince that traitor friend of yours, @SenJohnMcCain.
