Trump ends the CIA’s covert program of arming anti-Assad rebels in Syria, a move likely to please Russia http://wapo.st/2ubqXXG 
Yet you continue to enable @POTUS. When will you finally lead the way and put Country before party. This Administration is wreaking havoc.
I don't understand liberal belief system -- just because you oppose someone on Issue X doesn't mean you have to also oppose Issue Y, Z, A...
I don't understand those who engage ideologies instead of individuals. My beliefs are my own. Sen. Graham has abetted this POTUS. 1/2
2/2 Hand-wringing over @POTUS's continued capitulation to Putin is of little use. This isn't about party. It is about Country.
Putin is horrible, man GOP agree.  Graham has opposed Putin for years....yet Obama mocked Romney for considering RUS our biggest threat.
A. Putin is horrible & Russian is existential threat to USA
B. Trump has stated he likes Putin. 
C. Trump walked into office trying to lift
What connections to Putin???...not fringe Russians, but straight to Putin???
Really without sarcasms. What Russian done wrong to USA that impact yours life everydays and make your angry ? Could someone give me example
You are the country's "check" on this man. Please, be our hero @LindseyGrahamSC ! You know he is a loose canon.
Clearly there are no GOP heroes...
I don't believe that there are no GOP  heroes. Some may just be waiting on the bat-signal #LindseyBeOurHero @LindseyGrahamSC #LookUp
Batman's dead. They need to grow a pair...
Well, that, too.
Did you see this? This how that deal comes about. Look at him desperate to get Putin's attention. No confidence in this president.
the US should have never started trying to destabilize Syria in the first place
Ernsthaft? USA hinter arabischem Frühling generell? Tunesien? Ägypten? Etc? Life was beautiful in those dictatorships, people were happy?
also in Syrien war das Leben gewiss besser. Nicht schön, aber besser. Ohne Einmischung von außen wäre es nie so weit gekommen
die USA haben interveniert, um eine Pattsituation herbeizuführen; das hat den Krieg und das damit einhergehende Leid um Jahre verlängert
Leben war besser? Sorry,  da ist echt alles daneben. Folter, Unterdrückung, Hama, brutale Niederschlagung der 1. Demos 2011. Aber USA schuld
besser als im Krieg, ja. Ein unterdrückerisches Regime, keine Frage. Aber du willst doch nicht ernsthaft behaupten Krieg wäre besser?!
und für den Sturz dieses Regimes nimmt man einen mittlerweile 6 Jahre andauernden Krieg und all das Leid in Kauf? Ernsthaft?
It's not true!
Do something about it!
Trump is capitulating to his lord and master. It's likely they discussed this in that brief tete a tete that lasted nearly an hour.
It feels like the GOP is in and instead of bringing in conservative policies They have gone very dark-sinister big brother,WHAT R U DOING?
You are all talk no bite Lindsey. Your credibility is none. Complicit w/ treasonous Trump. Kudos to you 
Then do something!!!
When will you learn that Trump is in Putin's pocket? When, Senator? 
When?
You have the power to stop this. Do it.
How sad for John McCain  he does not deserve  that disgusting  disease  He was a voice against these criminals in the WH
You're a deluded individual, unless of course you are happy with murdering 100s of 1000s of Syrians & displacing millions more?
I'm not happy with any of the lives lost in Syria, including those at the hands of the viscous Assad regime.
Nothing viscous about Assad protecting his citizens from foreign & domestic terrorist armed & funded by the US & Muslim Brotherhood allies.
He murdered civilians with sarin gas.
@washingtonpost oh STOP the enabling. Grow a spine please, for all of America!
We have a traitor in Chief.  You guys need to recognize this!  Post haste! Please.
Traitor in Chief is a perfect title.  Right under your noses, Congressmen!  REPUBLICANS, ITS YOUR WATCH, FOR NOW.  Do something!
Maybe the ic community of the world should be letting loose some Intel on repubs,bet it's some out there,ryan,nunes,rosthbacher,and others
PLEASE, Senator Graham, step up, be the hero, stop this madman before it's too late
U know it's true. Why be shocked?
And after an undisclosed meeting with Putin.  That's just a cowinkydink.
Serious idea.  So the Senate will go ahead and recess now?
Do something!!!!!!
You suck
Senator Graham, you along with other patriotic senators/reps have the power to stop this Trojan Horse administration. DO IT! #25thAmendment
One must admire the ruthlessness of our adversary, Putin. He has shaped America, Syria, Iran, Turkey, and Crimea to RU's economic advantage.
Aren't you glad you keep supporting the trump? You make good decisions,  right?
It would be nice if you'd grow a set and act like a statesman instead of just tweeting like one.
Senator Graham: you are at the crossroads of being the greatest American in history, or one of the great enablers of the death of America. 
It's time for you to get with the plan and stop this maniac.
Acting as if you don't know your party are traitors. UnAmerican as Putin. Cowards. All of you.
Guess what - you supported and voted for this pos
Please, FFS, DO SOMETHING! The time for dismissive words, head shakes, and wagging of fingers is over! DO SOMETHING! #TrumpRussia
Graham likes to "harumf" about Trump. Like buddy McCain, he doesnt have the spine to stand up and do something
Thanks Congress for standing up to the President.  Need to get that bill limiting these powers passed now!!  Nevermind ACA repeal!!
So, is that what Vlad and Don were talking about at the G20 dinner?? Wouldn't be surprised.
Hope is not a plan.
Then stand up and do something sir.
He is giving Syria back to Assad. Period.  All those lives, all the waste of resources - trashed because Putin owns Rump. More than SAD.
Strong words from graham again, but that will be it.
OH NOES! We're not going to be funding ISIS Lite anymore!
Why not caucus with Dems and bring along two of your GOP colleagues so we can get a little oversight? You might even be able to fix ACA.
Well capitulation. You really expected anything else? You and Senator McCain need to protect us from Russia.
We really do need to stop arming people that we will end up fighting 10 years later. Our learning curve is a straight line apparently.
It is true. The question for you senator is what are you going to do about it? Americans are watching and waiting
But yet again, you do nothing! Time after time this monster does something more egregious, you do nothing! Shame on you! All talk!
All the Republicans  including @LindseyGrahamSC who is all talk and no action are complict to Trump's crimes.
Amen  !
Really senator when will your party stand up to the TrAitor  in the White House. Please grow a spine
Noticing a pattern yet, Senator? Be a patriot. Do something!
You, @LindseyGrahamSC & yr colleagues are allowing this, allowing our democracy 2 slip away.  Stop hand wringing & DO something #RussiaGate
I don't know how anybody listens to you mister 1% if I were you I'd hide under a rock or something you were so embarrassed
@ZekeJMiller @washingtonpost U know it's true! When will u put #CountryOverParty???? PLEASE!
And what makes you think it's not true?? Have you confirmed??
Do something already!!! Does he really have to shoot someone on 5th ave for @GOP to do something?
Capitulation?...how much proof do you and your party need? Next, is the lifting of sanctions. Oh, and how about getting rid of our Cyber Sec
What do u intend to do about this trump the Russian agent in our White House? Be a hero and lead Trump out !!
The rebels are ISIS. Stop helping them. Remember Libya.
At what point will you and the rest of the party say we've had enough?
And given, sir, that it is a huge global issue that affects all of us, as you note, your response to this will be...?
"Thoughts and prayers"
Putin rules trump
Putin has a gun to DJT's head over all the loans! Get his taxes! ACT and help us!
You know well that the @washingtonpost isn't going to state it unequivocally if they don't have it cold. So now what are you going to DO?
Time to strap up I guess, homie.
WASHINGTON DC #March4Trump March 4th Lincoln Memorial
Consider chipping in: Let's #MAGA
Why dont you so called Republican Patriots get off your ass and save our country from @realDonaldTrump No power is worth the loss of country
Or money!!
And yet you and your compadre senators do nothing.
@DMRDynamics How much more of this Trump bull shit do you think Americans will take before mass protests start & wont stop?
It is Coming to an End ! #TimeToMarch
Not fast enough for me
Fix the mess the hatred spewed by your party over the past 8 years created. It's up to you to save our democracy now. #countryoverparty
Kissing up to Putin, again!!
Why don't you know whether it's true or not.  Did McCain forget to inform your little brain?  Maybe the Senate can help....oh wait..
Why not impeach him Lindsey? What's the hold up. Party over Country again. @gop
HOPE? We are losing hope! We need you to act and put country over GOP! No one can vote for this party now! Stop TRUMP!
Selling America to the Russians
You should draft a strongly worded letter expressing your grave concerns.  That should fix it.
Stop talking and do something! GOP are cowards and enablers. All YOU do is run your mouth. Man up and take a stance.
We know Trump has to go! He's a traitor and a Russia stooge.
He made the deal on the side at the g20 dinner... he gets another .5 % of rosnet...Putin n Iran get the Middle East.
Ok @LindseyGrahamSC -- get the traitor OUT.
Then for the love of goodness, Senator, do something.
Newsflash#44 let Putin dig in-We R stuck W/Assad & Putin 4 now-get over it. Joe omg-#45 talked to a leader out in the open at a summit-As*
More word salad. Save your energy,  Mr. Graham. You'll need your strength to do nothing & talk some more.Looking forward to more blathering.
At some point you repub cucks should actually recognize all the evidence that points to trump being in bed with putin

Russia says in talks with U.S. to create cyber security working group: RIA http://reut.rs/2uMP3ts  
Oh its true! And you need to do something about it!
Trump and Putin stared each other down in Hamburg... until Trump winked.
He is your guy.
and we aren't supposed to ask what him and his daddy Vlad we're talking about in their second meeting?
And. Yet. You. Still. Do. Nothing.
Senator. What the heck you think Trump and Putin talked about, with no american at that meeting. One or two scoops? Do your job. Protect US
It's up to you GOP Congress; to stop this MadKing wannabe;get him out of office before he does more damage to us as a nation + world IMPEACH
What are YOU going to do about it, Sen.Graham? More wringing hands or blaming Hillary? It's past time to put the Republic over Republicans 
Will you be the first batter up Senator? Who is going to fight for America and the World?
And if it is? Will you or any republican actually do anything to show him he can't just do whatever unchecked?
Wake up Lindsey! Its all true + the @GOP knows it. History will not be kind to the @GOP's reluctance to defend our democracy against Russia
Why dont u believe HONEST NEWS of @washingtonpost only FAKENEWS comes from @potus @FOXNEWS @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
So what are you going to do about it? So tired of your incessant talk, but not doing a thing to stop this disaster of a president.
@ShaunKing Hey Lindsey... Isn't this something y'all should know or no?
Man, he's been Russia's guy at least since last June.
I like you @LindseyGrahamSC , you speak brilliantly but act a different way, why are you enabling Trump when you know he should be gone!
MR GRAHAM STOP SAYING YOU ARE DISTURBED A D TAKE ACTION
Trump is a traitor, and Putin controls him. When are you and Republicans going to put country ahead of party?!!!! #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Sen: all of us out, watching the scene, noticed long ago that the President cares more about Russias interests than for
So what are you and your Senate majority going to do? #DoYourJob #shameonyouand your colleagues.
Now is the time youtell us that you're "concerned" the entire time you continue to enable the inept pathological liar in our WH.
Trump is going to fuck Americans over
64% of the COUNTRY  think health care is a right Only 13% want to repeal ACA WHO IS HE DOING THIS FOR? Not Americans not even his base! SMH
Unfortunately,  you guys are mistaken that anyone with power will remain when our democracy fails. There can be only one and it's not you
Please intercede and stop this.
Mr. Graham, do your comittees and subcommittees not allow you access to discover the truth thru means other than the WaPo ?
Of course it's true, Senator Graham. It's on Vladimir Putin's wish list and your president is more than happy to oblige.
If we find Trump - antlers the GOP is working in concert w/Russia, your party is GONE FIR GOOD.  You want to gamble on that?  You know true
Sen Graham, Trump will continue giveaways to Putin for one reason: to benefit Trump.
Our country's best interests ARE NOT his. Got it?

@JoeNBC @washingtonpost Why continue to half ass this movement?  Once Aleppo was lost by Obama,Syrians want end of fighting
Lindsey, I agree with you, but would like to see action to change this, rather than just talk. Please initiate move to impeach.

So Senator, what are you going to do about it?!?!
Humm. Think this could have been discussed at the Trump-Putin tête-à-tête?
Why aren't Senators more vocal about the delay in House passing Russia sanction bill?
The @POTUS the GOP is enabling is almost certainly compromised.  Accelerate the investigation before more damage is done.

Stop talking the talk, and get walking. It's long past time to impeach 44.5.
Lady Lindsey is all talk no action!
Backing rebels? What could go wrong???
Thank you for being so honest and bipartisan.
You voted for him! It's a little late now to be fussin' 'n' frettin' gurl.
Impeach!
Stop hoping, praying & thinking and f'ing DO YOUR JOB!
Mr. Graham your totally right!
Now go find out if it's true or not, if it is article 18 needs to be put into motion our so-called president?
Why don't you grow a pair of ovaries and do something about it??
What are you going to do?
#ImpeachTrump #FireSessions Stop the destruction of our government & our country! Put #CountryOverParty
Lindsey, stop him!
Well, why wouldn't it be true? The @washingtonpost, contrary to Dumpster's opinion, is not in the habit of lying.
Welcome to pUtin's playbook and tRump is the chosen guy to implement it? And tRump to boss pUtin . 
Syria was decimated and hundreds of thousands of people killed and displaced. Now the evil orange just hands it over.  This is just so wrong
You are in a position to do something about this. Do not become "all talk, no action". Take action.
DO SOMETHING!
Your President is a traitor.
Right!  So, Senator, start leading the opposition to this dangerous president!!
So what will you do about this, @LindseyGrahamSC
So what would Trump voters say if Obama did this? Oh but when Trump does it Russia is our friend.
What are you going to do about it? Putin owns your "President" and you sit idly by as he dismantles our interests.

Why?
And you will DO exactly WHAT about it? You talk but do nothing.
What is Congress going to do? Let the President follow Putin's lead with everything?
I hope you're sincere. I'm originally born and bred in South Carolina and I like your candor.
Might be a good idea for you to look into this, huh?
What are you doing about it?
@Fahrenthold stop wringing your hands and STOP TRUMP
Why the hell don't you know for sure and why the hell are you pissed off you don't know for sure?
It is also what Russia wants!
Because Putin is with Assad and Trump is with Putin! Case closed!!!
Stop clutching your Pearls, and actually do something to stop this #treasonweasel from fucking over your Country to Putin for $$$
Do something.
Would you please do something about the monster you created (trump)
Can U Speak A Little Louder @SenLindseyGraham
President Putin won the electoral college, Trump is just a place holder. GOP does what Putin says.
So stop supporting him coward!!!!!
ready to IMPEACH yet!?
Of course it's true. Trump is eager to please Putin at any cost. Putin must have something very damaging in him.
So you support Terroists so you can get your defence contacts and Pipeline? I hope you are voted out.
And you let it happen. Remember next time it's country before political party.
Well too bad. Some of us (unlike yourself) don't want war! Now go take care of your sick friend.
That's your president! Mr. troubled concerned and big talker. You have capitulated to Trump again again. Congratulations!
Part of the orders Trump got in the second meeting.  All the stuff that would be awkward for Tillerson to hear.
WHAT will it take???
Hey how bout you do something about it Lindsey, instead of tweeting.
Lindsey, you are part of this.  Congrats.  

Wear it proud man, say it with me  #FakeNews
Of course it's true. How would you not know??
What are you going to do about it Lindsey Graham ?
Well then get your fellow Republicans to stand up for America & put a stop to Trump selling us out! #PatriotNotPartisan
Have you not clued in yet senator, Trump sold your country to Putin and your party is just sitting on it's hands.
You enable Trump every single day. Don't give me this "you're so shocked" BS.  You will forever be tied to Donald Trump.  He is your legacy.
@LindseyGrahamSC  Can you take the time to call your senate office  and voice your very serious concerns ? Thanks America.
Yes thank you and Russia makes ceasefires all the time so they can focus their forces elsewhere. He gave up the 1 thing we had for nothing
What do you expect?

Well, do something about it.

Oh, wait. Forgot who I was talking to. https://twitter.com/LindseyGrahamSC/status/887781541719441412 …
@LindseyGrahamSC Please Senator, do something about Trump & Russia, Trump threatening to fire Mueller, McCabe, etc. The GOP must act now.
Don't just freakin tweet about it....DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!!
Any points on #Trumpcare senator?
Have a private meeting with the Orange Fool to straighten his Ass out. Putin did, now we are on the wrong side of right.
Horrific Pithy Truth Alert!!!!!
@KatiePavlich what is your opinion are more important current events?
We're watching and we are going to remember for years to come.
And we're all going to be asking "where was the party of Reagan while a Russian agent sat in the WH destroying the USA?"  Country or party?
When are you going to learn that he will stab u in the back. Separate yourself from him now. #Collusion #Russian
It IS true and what are you going to do about it? Your hands are already chapped from all the wringing but I expect more of that.
Grow a spine!! Country before party!!!!
seriously? You hope it's not? You're surprised that trump capitulated to Putin? Grow a damn pair and call 4 @POTUS impeach
Do something about it, dammit!
What. Will. You. Do. About. It?
He'll meet with his Saudi backers to try and figure out how to prolong the conflict, even if through sectarian means.
In case you haven't noticed, Trump ONLY cares about pleasing Russia..
Do you like your tax dollars arming ISIS??
Hope does nothing ? You can do more than hope, and yet you tweet and hope.
