Please vote no on the current healthcare bill. If Congress is exempt from it, that means it is not good enough for your constituents either.
No thanks. No longer trust transpolitian @LindseyGrahamSC
Please vote no on Trumpcare!!
Tell YR small audience that @realDonaldTrump WANTS THE RNC TO PAY FOR HIS LEGAL BILLS! @SenateMajLdr What do you think about that?
To say you're troubled about Trump campaign meeting with FSB Russian spy and then support him in Congress? Ur actions need to match ur words
He's terribly, terribly troubled, I'm sure...
you did a fine job senator! Keep being a promoter of patient/ doctor decision making!
#NO other GOP disastrous health plan

Ok Lindsey, lets see you dodge or spin these excerpts from @DonaldJTrumpJr's email chain!
Goldstone, The Crown prosecutor of Russia...offered to provide the Trump campaign with some official documents...very useful to your father.
Very high level and sensitive information but is part of Russia and its government's support for Mr. Trump
Trump Jr. If it's what you say I love it especially later in the summer.
Goldstone Emin asked that I schedule a meeting with you & The Russian government attorney who is flying over from Moscow for this Thursday
I'll listen when you speak on a real news station
Completely agree. @FoxNews has become essentially state TV, obfuscating to protect @WhiteHouse and Trump. So @rupertmurdoch can get richer?
You're always speaking with someone in the media, when are you actually going to get some work done in the senate? Repeal Obamacare!
Thanks for the warning. I'd rather watch Juan Williams.
I hope you give her breaking news that you are getting out of the Republican Party you rhino, and take your buddies John & Susan with you!
Go home, bot.
Thank you for being one of the few Republican senators looking after Country instead of party all the time.   bold biparitison leadership.
Do you know how long it's been since I've gone a day without feeling like I've been kicked in the gut?  Please act to save the democracy.
Another appearance on state run TV, when will you speak with a legitimate news organization?
Continue who you have been on FOX!
Do something about Trump and kids in the WH.
being a traitor to your constituents and majority who voted
With the new healthcare bill and its continued taxes the Republicans now are the "Tax and Spend" party. Unwilling to cut anything!
Why is it 'we the pppl' can see the treason going on and you, the @GOP want to act like it isn't happening. Shameful. #TrumpCrimeFamily
Get Republicans off Fox News anything. Everyone considers them shoddy and biased. I won't watch it. People make fun of Fox as faux news.
that you direct your comments to @foxnews is disturbing in light of its clear political agenda.  It is a Murdoch-owned propaganda network.
Please try to straighten out our unstable President. He is scaring my children and grand children.
With all due respect senator, you need to retire. You have gotten nothing done in the last eight years !Actually I think you're the problem
I will not listen to your bull s*** anymore.
No thanks..you have disappointed me one too many times. Stand up for our elected President.
In my humble opinion you're the #1 Republican with strong moral fibers based on patriotism. Please continue to defend our democracy
Topic?
Keep it real!
Discussing how you've decided to put country first by saying no to disastrous healthcare bill and yes to independent Trumprussia commission?
will you ever speak with real journalists & not the @GOP politburo? Will we survive the harbinger of the #AmericanDarkAges @realDonaldTrump
I'll tune in when you're on @NPR or PBS @NewsHour . I'll never watch faux fox news
Work with our POTUS! Instead of Grandstanding on every issue! U need to be #tuckerized @TuckerCarlson
Good Friday,Sen.LindseyGRAHAM of South Carolina,Armed Services & Judiciary Committees
I think we're all growing a little disillusioned with your speaking Senator.  How about some action on behalf of our national sovereignty.
Why?  So you can get your panties in a bunch on TV and go back to Capitol Hill and do nothing??? #DoYourJob #25thThe45th
Hope u will have news that Clinton / Ukraine will be investigated
Are you going to whine again?
The GOP & Fox is doing a horrific disservice to the American people by shielding Trump.  How more clear do u need Jr's email to be?
What are u going to say now. Come on SC. U deserve better
We want to hear about #trumprussia. Constituent here- 29526!
Even as a democrat, I respect that you are doing the right thing for SC and for our country.  Please continue to demand the truth.
You continue to go on Fox Russian news,what about the rest of us
Get rid of the subsidies from the taxpayers to help pay for YOUR health insurance,  NO EXCEPTiONS YOU GET WHAT WE GET and PAY WHAT WE PAY.
Approximately 38% of Americans don't believe Russia attacked our Democracy.  Thank God approximately 62% of Americans do
Come on, Lindsey!  I am from the great state of SC. Pls hold this administration accountable.
remember this? http://www.cbsnews.com/videos/graham-on-trump-claims-biggest-scandal-since-watergate/ …
No
vote no!!!!!!!
Says one thing. Does another. Can't trust him. We're on to you LG.
Speak Truth Senator,
Can't trust Fox News corrupted
STAND UP FOR DEMOCRACY
No votes on anything period. Until this mess is clear. #TrumpRussia  NOW IS THE TIME TO BE USA FIRST DAMN IT.
Please do not support #Wealthcare, #Deathcare
Russia, taxes, obstruction. Trump is killing democracy. Step up znd 25th or impeach him
No thanks
When will you trace all of Hillary Clinton's ties and collusion with Russia? Uranium One, the @ClintonFdn , Putin paying Bill for speeches?
debunked
I am there waiting 2 ur infinite wisdom @LindseyGrahamSC
.@LindseyGrahamSC @FoxNews @ShannonBream When will you support revoking Kushner's security clearance?
Resigning?
you have one set of talking points for CNN, MSNBC, etc and another for FOX. So this will be the Trump ass kissing interview.
Don't get FOX!  Vote #NO on this healthcare bill!  We demand an independent commission on Trump/Russia  Rid our House of these criminals!
Please don't go and defend meeting with Russian intelligence operatives. That would disappoint me.
Sounds like nothing burger fake news stuff 
It sure does- if you get your news from @FoxNews!
Akhmetshin, Rohrabacher...Don Trump Jr.
worrisome, lets look into unmasking
End the Russian influence, Lindsey
All talk no action on Russia, You look complicit.
To the people working Graham's social media, do you want to have this Vichy job on your resume?
