The only thing I want to hear from you is about your unwavering support for our president !
There has to be a better solution than making threats, we need to come together and solve this #togetherwerise
Get the madman out of power and into a padded cell, Senator!
What happens @LindseyGrahamSC when China and Russia turn on us?
I agree NK is a threat to the World, but if we could not declare nuclear war over twitter that would be great
How many cabinet members does it take to declare the president unfit?
Yeah, I am not watching your TV bullshit anymore. You are all talk and nothing more.
Thanks for the heads up,  I know to change channel.  Less than 1per cent whose listen .
"Threats posed by North Korea"says @LindseyGrahamSC-Ur uprising against a constituted authority @POTUS a much greater threat-put ppl at risk
Before he starts a dam nuclear war. It's time to put this country ahead of party. The guy who thinks he's president is dangerous
Can we make law preventing a nuclear first strike without 2/3 consent of the Senate? Rome would be wise not to leave it all up to Nero.
How about the threat posed by our insane man-child of a president?
What would Reagan do?
Could you be anymore hungry for the spotlight?
Stop POTUS. He's incompetent
And about the threat being escalated by our own idiot president.  PLEASE #ImpeachTrump before it's too late.  This is not a game!
The real threat is that we have a pathetic leader in the White House who is provoking N Korea!  Listen to @SenJohnMcCain!
Would you support @POTUS with a military option? #NOKO
Maybe find a way to talk about the threat of Trump as well.
Please counsel diplomacy. Stand up to our volatile, dangerous President! War will not win him approval ratings!
Trump is unstable. We need the grown up republicans to step in before he starts a nuclear war. This is exactly what dems warned you about
U really need to get to work for Sc. STOP showing up on TV. SC has had it with u. #replacegraham 2020
The senate should be in D.C. Getting o ca#re repeal and replace and working on debt ceiling
Are you ready to tell the rest of Congress to grow some cajones and impeach him now? Waste of time post nuclear.
He doesn't have cajones to be telling anyone anything. He talks and talks then votes with Trump. Useless.
We need rational, strong voices from both/ all/ ANY side of the aisle to control 'our' president... please be that!
@LindseyGrahamSC ...umm..not really what most Americans were hoping for. Threatening war is ludicrous policy.
Don't bash President Trump!
mother brst thing graham can do is shut his mouth
You are one of the last RNC members I trust.  Please get on board with articles of impeachment when they are presented.
Well speak to two  - two year olds being allowed to be in charge for our lives.  Trump has to go.  He act just like N. Korea's PM. disgrace
I will be watching
PASSIVE AGGRESSIVE ATTACK FROM SAURON THE DENNY THE FOOT IN MOUTH DAVIS!
What about the threat posed by the lunatic in the WH?
The mild mannered way Congress responded to Trumps insane rhetoric is beyond unacceptable!  #ImpeachTrump
You were the hope! You could have saved us! You let this happen. Look at your loved ones in their eyes. Was it worth it?
How about doing something about the crazy person in the White House.
Hope to be watching.
I can't fathom how most of #FakePresident Donald Dump's GOP Flunky's justify his BS, but I actually like @LindseyGrahamSC , he speaks truth.
Donald Trump may try to start World War lll just to satisfy his malignant narcissism and distract from the Russia investigation.
Still having war-gasms, Senator?
Instead of going on tv; why don't you and your cronies do something to stop the Lunatic-In-Chief?
I'm glad you're least acknowledging it.  The only other Republican senator that seems to be concerned is @SenDanSullivan of..... ALASKA!!
The great threat to America is posed by Donald Trump.
Lindsey, please don't embarrass us. Do you understand the constitution? -You cannot limit President's power to fire an executive employee?
#winteriscoming #partyorcountry #historywilljudge Please guide our country through this GOP fueled #debacle #trump #midterms
Quit stirring shit. Tell President crazy pants to shut up
Will nuclear war be Trump's ultimate distraction from Mueller's investigation....
Two people watching
Respectfully, it would be fitting to mention our president making direct threats of nuclear annihilation
How about the threat posed by @realDonaldTrump ......
I left the R party this campaign as I saw this disaster coming & here it is. Either get him out or we may not live to see tomorrow soon.
Back stabbing Lindsey. Trump is Commander In Chief not you. As Republican you should be supporting him. Not out there undermining him.
Can you speak to Trump instead?
If we are still here!
@LindseyGrahamSC what happened to your spine? You are beating the drums of war to distract people from internal chaos
Please talk some sense into Trump! 
Checked this thread to see if anyone mentioned obvious-Trump as POTUS is placing America in grave danger. Sen. Graham, EVERY tweet. Act!
Trumps's real threat is to give some woosies a backbone which scares the beejesus out of most of u Libtards!!!
Senator, how about speaking of impeachment and removal instead?
Hey all you Libtards did u forget the talking points r RUSSIA!!!!!!
Are you paying attention to what we're saying? We need your HELP to fix this. Please! Start by confiscating his phone. My god.
You certainly are quiet about Loretta Lynch & WJC meeting. Cat got your tongue!!!
Yes @cbs a perfect place for you.
We're all going to die. Tom Collins anyone? @majorityfm
Please show some leadership!
Do something.  Do something. Do something.
Fixed it for you...Speaking with @CBSThisMorning tomorrow (Wednesday) at 7:05 am about the threat posed by @realDonaldTrump
U'LL FIND THE 3KS VERY AGREEABLE IF U SIMPLY AGREE OR GIVE THEM WHAT THEY WANT!
please use the 25th amendment.  Please.  I have grand babies.
Here's an idea; instead of a self serving TV spot, maybe figure out way to wrestle nuclear joystick out of your batshit crazy Pres hands?

In response to the threat posed by our President?
@LindseyGrahamSC I think you meant to say "the threat posed by Donald Trump."
You have the power to control the mental patient!  Do it!
Well you got what you always wanted @LindseyGrahamSC you must be loving this!
Please talk about the 25th for trump. He's a danger to our country. He needs to be removed asap.
Can you lock him in his playpen while the adults take charge. Are you Republicans that let him happen having fun? We're not!
How about the threat posed by Donald J Trump for chrissake.
The threat is our crazy President mixed with North Korea's crazy leader! Country before party! I hope you are the man I believe you will be
PLEASE speak the truth and tell @realDonaldTrump he is putting our country and our children at risk with his blowhard attitude towards this!
What about the threat imposed by 45?
Will u also be discussing the threat posed by @realDonaldTrump? The threat posed by 2 mentally ill manbabies with access to nuclear weapons?
Well the 2fat schoolboy sociopaths/ Jong & Trump should be gone--- first starter
And, what about our biggest threat who is on vacation!
Senator Graham - please do whatever you can to stop our president from doing something stupid over North Korea.
When will Republicans really give a shit about our country instead of your party? Trump is dangerous & you know it but you still do nothing
When y'all going to start the 25th Amendment proceedings before this lunatic gets us into a nuclear war?
And the one posed by @realDonaldTrump's Tweets!
YOU ARE A RHEEAT TO THE U.S.A. YOU WILL BE OUT SOON YOU TURN COAT. LMAO
At this point is it the threat of North Korea or the threat of POTUS.
Tomorrow morning could be too late
Are you sad?
Just resign instead!
It's time to start considering that it's possible that the GOP sycophants in congress are just as dumb as Trump.
Other than being "concerned" and "disturbed," I predict nothing will come out of your mouth. Inaction = Complicity.
Really?  What about the threats posed by Trump?  Threats to our democracy, to minorities, to a free press, & to our nation's sovereignty?
Will we survive till tomorrow? Someone needs to watch the two toddlers threatening to throw sand at each other.
How about the threat posed by the President and GOP?
You mean the threat unstable, @POTUS is to the world. Praying for those serving under such a disturbed individual. 
Don't forget the threat posed by baby Donald.
How about the threat posed by @realDonaldTrump?
We just need to nuke them.
We don't watch @CBSNews #TrumpTrain
Are you scared of @POTUS threatening fire and fury?  You had better get control of him and your GOP, sir.
Why on earth are you speaking about North Korea, that's your hole problem running at the mouth, shut up get taxs-health care done 
I feel like this could be for show. Thoughts? Fake news! I'm mean what the hell is going on?!
Support our President Trump and We The People. Forget your personal $agenda. Do TaxCuts like PresTrump wants it's Good for Country
Can you & your party please stand up for the sake of our country against this man that is so clearly unfit to run our country...
U r the threat.. u don't  vote like u campaign. Stay out of real threats to America. U r inept.
Please also address the threat posed by our own irrational President.
Please be sensible and responsible with your comments. Time for caution, not bravado.
Senator, while you are at it, walk down to Congress & ask @SpeakerRyan just what excuse he has for Trump this time.
What about the threats posed by trump?
not going to watch this either. Graham is all talk and no action. Replace him with a Smurf.
Are you really willing to go to war with that man as the c-and-c?
What about the threat of a reckless Trump? His recklessness could very well get people killed.
If we make it that far.
Senator, might I suggest that you discuss the threat posed by your POTUS?
At 73 this is the fret time I am terrified for the world. Stop this man who is going to destroy mankind.
What are you doing about the threat posed by POTUS?
Dude there is no threat . Wake up

I beg of you. Please, please convince the rest of the @GOP to take action against@potus. He is absolutely incapable of guiding us.
So...stop talking and let's solve it
Muzzle Trump before he starts a nuclear war! We will show N. Korea fire & Fury like the world has never seen? Does not know about Hiroshima?
Assuming tomorrow comes...
With all due respect Senator, what in fiery hell are you doing?!?! When WWIII starts all too soon, you & your ilk will be entirely to blame.
You mean the threat posed by Trump's response to North Korea ?
Oh good. Because I feel soooooo much safer knowing you are planning to "discuss" this.
Do your job!!!! Get rid of Trump or shut him up.!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm a Democrat, but I like you for some reason. Gonna be watching you to see if you care for all Americans, not just Republicans?
Could you please get @POTUS out of the White House b 4 he has us involved in a war? This is INSANITY!
How about the threat posed by @realDonaldTrump ??
You should discuss the threat of the POTUS too. He's trying to provoke an unwinnable conflict to boost his ratings. Do the right thing.

Please GOP, America begs you to have the courage and intelligence to stand up to the bully in chief.
This  with North Korea long has gone on long enough.. @realDonaldTrump will handle it to protect us all while  the hell out of NK! 
It is similar tothe threat posed by President Dipshit. What alternative universe does one live in to believe Trump is sane! Get him out!
You're part of the swamp POTUS was speaking about. You're an undercover globalist. You're doing nothing for the people that put u in office
How about speaking to your president about shooting off at the mouth and putting Americans in danger... That would be a better use of time.
Your A fraud put the country before yourself or get out of public service stop going on TV and telling lies stand up to the president
What about the threat posed by the White House?
Mr Graham, forget Russia, forget obstruction, forget the lying daily, the issue of his temperament alone shows he isn't fit to be president.
The way to respond to words is not blows, certainly not nukes! Sen Graham, pls get your Prez's finger off the trigger!
Est or real time
Crazy unhinged President playing chicken with Crazy Dictator,  the Republicans are drooling
The media loves you and McCain.
Tell your President to stay the hell off Twitter and listen to people smarter than he is! That idiot is going to get us nuked god damn it!
Because your input is so valuable.  (Eye roll)
Please sound Presidential & show leadership, unlike @POTUS @realDonaldTrump. He is going to get us all killed @VP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Like I care about your take on this. You are not a senator for the people, you are a senator for yourself alone.
Wow Lindsey you look more and more like a DemoRAT and plenty of Snowflakes still crying, lol, it will be a great 8 years. #MAGA
Please get senate leadership to bring senate back in to session.  I am terrified for my family and myself.
.. and the threat posed by your unhinged President? Is Trump being monitored 24/7?
Hey!  Looks like you may get the war you've been wanting. Oh, thank you for helping Obama decimate our military!
Please take a stand and protect us from this president. @JeffFlake @BenSasse @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins I'm worried for my 5mth old son
Then you better hope and pray our great president stays right where he's at . My sons in the navy you snowflake.
Bot
How is the "Fire & Fury" going? Do you see a future for our children?
Please address Trump adding fuel to the fire.
YOUR President is a maniac. If you don't think Impeachment soon, he will instigate a nuclear war.
Please don't  promote war. We are unstable enough as it is- I am scared.
Assuming there is a tomorrow...No one can criticize you for acting too quickly on this one, huh?
As if you really know anything about it.  Resign, retire.  RINOS and NEOCONS need to be defeated.
Oh, no! We're going to hear harsh words, like "very disturbing" and "not helpful" while the GOP allows the incompetent man-child to proceed.
I'd rather he be speaking with our President.
GOP u need to MOVE  YOUR ASS GROW SOME BALLS STAND UP TO 45 NOW HE IS FLIPPING UNHINGED
I wish ur buddy, McCain, was well & u both could tell us in an informed way. We need a reasonable, rational voice...even if we don't agree.
Let's hope you don't side w sloppy @POTUS comments
More accurately, the threat posed by Trump's rhetoric
Stop this now. Be the man you should be.
will you also discuss the dangerous threats made by Trump in response?
you do a lot of talking.
I'm for that and anyone who will help us do it legally and swiftly!
Nothing YouCan say or do. Your Commander and Chief  is going to start a nuclear war. It's on you all who voted Trump in. 
Talk about why American people can't even buy health insurance all closed enrollment
Trump is a threat @LindseyGrahamSC - he is not fit. Time to impeach before he causes thousands of deaths.
Just wondering should we wait for the North Korea to hit us ??
Instead of over abusing your 15 mins of fame with your botoxed face, do what we elected you for and get back to work. Vacation over!!!
Please don't let the crazy man kill us... @realDonaldTrump of course.
Intervention by GOP and military is the only possible path forward. Remove any twitter device from POTUS and keep him off camera. NOW.
Shut up. Cool down Lyndsey. Don't be trump
The biggest threat is the narcisstic bully in the WH with no self control. #ImpeachTrump & protect USA!
Try working for the people not you're donors or your bank act.
Hoping you don't say what U said before - that the only lives that will be lost, will be in NK. #Shame
@POTUS represents the biggest threat to America & the rest of the world. #ImpeachTrump
Do not bash POTUS AGAIN
He is a domestic threat to our nation. GOP needs to do something about him. Is there not 1 person who can take his phone away to shut him up
Thank God you are not on Fox-they somehow seem to muddle the message-
If we live that long....
What about the threat posed by your president?
