obummer hates America, he hates our Christian values, he prob let him out because he's gay and a cross dresser, obumma like
Being Commander-in-Chief means he did serve honorably. You whoever, presently aren't....
nah man, 35 years is a long freakin time! Until 2045, she wouldn't be released for a NON-VIOLENT crime
This is treason and she should stay in prison.
Did gay rights groups contributions to DNC influence this commutation?
I guess that's a choice you do when you enlist to serve for a corrupt government.
I am not offended & I served. She served some time & admitted guilt. Trump did more damage.
Actually the ppl who served honorably don't kill innocent ppl for fun

no trump's cabinet picks are a smack in the face to the US citizens!
If Gen. Petraeus is free, why shouldn't Manning be free, too?
You know the difference between a commutation and a pardon, right?
He doesn't have a clue. And please Sen please never speak for service members again. We have our own voice.
He's one of "we" you realize, right?
Did you not notice Lindsey did NOT say "WE".  Again, he doesn't speak for me. @TomNeven1 @willfelt @BioTurboNick @LindseyGrahamSC
As opposed to supporting your Presidential traitor >?
Manning is a traitor, and anyone who sympathizes with him is one,  too! 
as is Donald Trump
Serving honorably also requires some humane sense to and respecting life. But you are 61, in 20 years you will see clearly @LindseyGrahamSC
Chelsea is a woman's name, that traitor is a freak of nature, like Bruce jenner

disagree. The actions of manning exposed wrongdoing of the govt. we are better than this.
There is no honor in killing people
Is wikileaks good or bad? Because your party was using them and trump directly benefited & praised Assange. Be consistent.
killing people for fun is a slap in the face to humans.
Couldn't agree more! Well said
ur kidding right? You understand the tape Manning released revealed gross misconduct from our officers? #haveyounodecency
Rightwing cranks like yourself are rapidly disappearing, and thankfully so.
So, like the ones in the video? Right
I mean, is that your biggest problem right now? How about worrying how Trump's rhetoric is eerily close to Nixon's
@randydeabay 35yrs was entirely to long for the crime she still was served her country
Treason is death. So Manning got off luckily
I agree she shouldn't get off this  year but 35yrs no. But maybe @realDonaldTrump will be joining her soon
Barry never served...remember, he said it was peacetime, so why bother?
You have a General you are about to confirm for a cabinet position that did the same
honorably? You call murdering civilians for fun honorable? Ha!
@TRUMPforPOTUS_ Two words TERM LIMITS and two more GO AWAY
I'd say it's more outrageous that we've got a Russian leader hacking our democracy & this is where your outrage is???!
Get out out of the closet and into my car.
7 years served already longer than other "leak" sentences.35 years obscene  I support commutation
my question is why does.a confirmation hearing is necessary for President's appointees and not those he pardons?
Manning Pardon is invalid. Go to The Guide, pp. 65-8; 250-4; 266; 269 at: https://www.amazon.com/dp/1539464121   to see why.
you still have a girls name
@sdkirtley why not worry about the Russian Puppet about to be sworn in as POTUS
@riwired it's a slap in the face to YOU, sir! YOU receive dirty money from Morell-planned, privately funded "war.
Just going on 33 years of faithful service... that's all...
Typical toe-the-party-line response. Think for yourself once in awhile
@postandcourier NOT!
@LindaStockto16 I'm fuming over this pardon! We fought and not all of us returned to our families! #SickOfPolitics
It's hardly the first time The Joke has done that.
It sure as hell is !!!
Well Lindsey you have been back stopping this guy for 8 years. Now you are like the rest of us. Oops..
@BarackObama #HillaryWon 

But just a tickle when compared to the vets bills voted down by republicans!
this good-for-nothing President should be impeached he did nothing for the black people nothing good for this country
@SenJohnMcCain @TheDemocrats R's complained about everything related to POTUS for 8yrs. Did not utter 1 kind word.Sad!
Gee Graham you are taking a time out from criticizing Trump?
@RickCanton cm on, only hurt national sec & endangered our troops. not important like Podesta emails & rigging DNC primary
@MelissaAmour72 I think you're confusing that with your new Führer.
This Clemson grad (summa cum laude with honors) thinks your Trump blind spot is a slap in the face to your SC constituents.
says the man helping to take away healthcare from millions
I served honorably. You don't speak for me. #BenedictDonald causes me shame for serving for those  who support him. @LindseyGrahamSC
what about Trumps slap in the face to American heroes, the disabled, women, people who paid for Trump U, tax returns? Putin
At this point, to quote your new boss... get over it and move along. President's Prerogative.
Who cares what u say?!  Letting Trump do whatever is a SLAP in the face by YOU and FUCKING GOPs esp Obamacare REPEAL!
It's about time the Senator started getting somthing right!.
Yes it is, it's just absolutely unbelievable.So glad his time in office is over. The American people have had enough.
No, Lindsey, as a JAG who served with you, I disagree. I'm much more worried about our next C-in-C, Putin's poodle.
Do you now get that Dems used you as revenge tool?

about it. I wouldn't call that honorable.
what kind of leader lets a national traitor go free.
definition of irony considering the video is of u.s. soldiers murdering innocent civilians & shooting at kids as they joke
As opposed to your voting against our military? She's a whistleblower who exposed murder by some of the 'honorable' people.
Manning acted when she saw injustice...pretty much what the Nürnberg Trials noted Nazis did NOT do.
As both a veteran of the #USAF & a current member of the #IntelligenceCommunity, I agree with this statement
gunning down innocent civilians is serving honourably?
Care to explain the nay votes you unbelievable fuckhead @LindseyGrahamSC
Middle class kid becomes officer, joins Congress, consistently votes to fuck over the VA
Care to explain the nay votes you unbelievable fuckhead @LindseyGrahamSC 
Great way to call Assange's bluff, though. Or are you a repub hypocrite whose happy about Assange's anti-HRC leaks?
Can you ask your Democrat colleagues for a list of just which leaks are OK with them?
@postandcourier demand Trump' s impeachment.  He is a traitor.  I'm a constituent.  I care.
Three days left, what more can megalomaniac Obama do? Save him a cell in new and improved Guantanamo Bay on Jan. 21st.
More often than not,you are correct; Sen.Lindsey Graham
Our National Security is First of importance for the American people;No! If, and or,but Sen. Lindsey Graham
and what is your candidate doing destroying our Intell and schmoozing Putin? A BAD BROMANCE that. Isn't it just?
we should know what goes on instead of living in secret. We suppose to be the GOOD people looks like we are bullies.
I have a lot of family who has served and is serving in the military and they do not see it as a slap to the face.
the hypocrisy of all the GOP tweets are hilarious today.
Hey Idiotgraham, is killing innocent civilians okay with you as long as its state secret???
can't POTUS #45 vacate the commission once sworn in?
stop your bulls**t
Hey Lindsey, Is killing innocent civilians justified??? Answer me please.
The hypocrisy from the crooked GOP  party  astounds me.
guess she should've overlooked the atrocities our military commits in our name. Is that what it means to serve honorably?
And repealing the ACA  is a bigger slap in the face to all Americans.

I am guessing you don't have as many specifics of the case as the POTUS.
And endorsing  a Putin-Trump presidency is a bigger tragedy.  So what do you say now?
The US just elected a Russian mole who is in lockstep w Putin and Assange. Spare me the outrage.
my husband who is Vietnam Vet says what Trump, Pence, McConnell, Ryan has done is far worse.  Traitors
Sen. Graham moved up in Air Force Reserve ranks despite light duties - The Washington Post
https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/for-lindsey-graham-years-of-light-duty-as-a-lawmaker-in-the-air-reserve/2015/08/02/c9beb9fc-3545-11e5-adf6-7227f3b7b338_story.html?utm_term=.9ffeb9e33ad8 …
No it isn't. The 35 year punishment is the injustice.
Then so is inaugurating @realDonaldTrump. Let's pray that what DT brings this country can be met w/same justice and not war
I served honorably and yet you want to destroy my life by taking away decent healthcare. Adjust your priorities!
If Manning had leaked the DNC emails, he wouldn't have been commuted. But harming our military is A-OK
I'm feeling it senator
For once, I agree with you.
"served honorably" = took joy in murdering innocents
I disagree.  Punishment has been meted out, contrition expressed, real suffering too.  Mercy isn't a slap to anyone.
not really.
GOP doesn't have a moral leg to stand on with this one. Best advice? Shut up about it.

So what then, @LindseyGrahamSC, it's okay for the military to commit grievous acts as long as we never find out?
Commuting #Manning's sentence is a slap in the face by our Commander-in-Chief to those who served honorably.
did you watch the videos of civilians being slaughtered by our military though?
So what then is your PEOTUS/campaign collusion w Russia & Wilileaks to interfere and influence US election??
It’s not like Manning is stepping away without jail time. Time served for revealing some incredibly important information.
How?
as a veteran the tyranny of spying without Warrenton is worth exposing. Your military service is FUBAR. Don't mention vets
just stop already...until you refuse to work with Comrade @realDonaldTrump , you have no credibility
Don't you get tired of trying to act all butch? Search inside yourself, be free Lindsey.
Not to mention the last 6 years of GOP obstruction which has been a slap in the face to this country!
So was the slap in the face the PEOTUS gave the intelligence community last week.
If found Trump gang used hacked info & fake news from Putin 2 win will they be dealt w as harshly as Manning? #LockThemUp
@ukexpat19 But trmp licking pukin's balls is NOT? #GTFOH and go find some lips
#Hypocrisy at its finest!

#TheResistance
Have you asked any of them? Or are you just stirring the pot?
On friday the biggest slap in this countrys face will happen and you all are still giving it to Obama!!
Generals too??
Finally, you landed on the right side of an issue. There's hope for you yet.
@WhatWILLTrumpDo 
#TrumpInaugural #MAGA
seriously? You don't get to have it both ways.
as a veteran , I am personally offended by Obamas action.  Good riddance.
I have seen so much support for her release it is overwhelming. She made a mistake.Never ever say such a thing about @POTUS
Why is Trump a traitor?
I know & don't need your help..The treason is w Obama
but...but..Trumps loves wikileaks!! he is GOP right ? wondrous GOP leader
How do you think abused women felt when Donald Trump was elected???
How does that compare to colluding w Russians & WikiLeaks to interfere in election, win WH? Are those ppl going to jail?
so let me get this straight. You would rather be in the dark about all of the horrible acts committed by a potential president?
because I think both had secrets about there past exposed.
nope
Can you go back to the Russia issue?
Especially crazy given current situation with Snowden and more impotantly hacked US elections
shameful decision
Yup... right along with Donald's slap at our intelligence services
You're the saddest looking bloodthirsty monster in US history.
You've never met me. You wouldn't like it I promise.
You're sad looking?
Only when I look or hear from people like you. Sad is inside of you. That's why it's all you recognize.
Are you my father?
Have it your way, but if it is, l have alot of tax deductions coming. Enjoyed, have a good one.
Wikileaks sucks
