It's time to start campaigning for the replacement of all senators and congressmen so potus can do his job.
Can't find two people in district that doesn't want Graham tarred&feathered! Illegal alien pushing RINO owned/operated by special interest$
POTUS HAS PLENARY POWER OVER THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH YOU CONSTITUTIONAL ILLITERATES! ABSOLUTE STUPIDITY!
You said you would hold mueller responsible for leaks. Well their are leaks! What are you going to do??  Put up or shut up!!
Ok Graham another leak! Hold them responsible...uh where are you? Oh I forgot your on vacation!!!
Agree! Investigation is needed! Let Mueller do his job!
Not Mueller job to rig investigation and hold kangaroo court to impeach POTUS and override voter
Who says its rigged? Who days its a kangaroo court? Americans deserve to know!
ALL DEMS AND H.C. supporters. Grand jury allows for no defense or testimony for POTUS.
If there isn't anything there then they won't indict
And we all know politicians can be trusted and never lie. IN A PERFECT WORLD ! NOT IN THIS ONE
Trumps been proven a liar over and over. I think they need to continue investigation
Listen to Greg Jarrett explain how Grand Jury works and get back to me. Have you EVER told a lie?
According to your opinion on recusal Mueller should recuse himself, contrary to your opinion this does not apply to the DOJ or supreme court
GRAHAM ,TRAITOR TO WE THE PEOPLE
@LindseyGrahamSC Graham WHY DIDN'T U OFFER A BILL THAT ASSURES AMERICAN PEOPLE THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP CAN DO HIS JOB
Blah blah blah you did nothing to STOP #BHO from destroying #WeThePeople you are the enemy and KARMA IS REAL .@LindseyGrahamSC .@POTUS
He has conflict of interest . Are you a never trumper senator?
- Come on Lindsey, what is the real reason that you got off on your do nothing butt, and MADE THIS HAPPEN? We don't believe your BS answer!
-(2/2) constantly betray the American people who Elected the President and his Agenda. All 65 Million of them!
RECOMMEND YOU LOOK TO YOUR MORAL COMPASS - FEELS LIKE YOU HAVE LOST YOUR WAY! Here is a test you might want to take.
Oh Lindsey stop trying to be John McCain Jr. @realDonaldTrump is not going to fired Special Counsel Mueller. Stop listening to @CNN
Pathetic Graham.... you have no support for our president & it shows! Now you know how Trump supporters feel about you!
I think you're wrong for not demanding mueller gets fired. He is friends with Comey. You are against trump. You will NOT be reelected.
Mueller: Conflict of Interest Obstructn of Justice, uranium 2 Russians for Hiltery, botched Anthrax investigation! No Russia connectn = FOLD
Thank you!! We deserve the truth and so do you - #Fakepotus has made a laughingstock of you & Repubs i am embarrassed to say I was once one
Mueller is not doing his job, he is stacking the deck against our president We the American people, know what's going on
-(1/2) What a phony you are! What a liar you are! You constantly betray the Republican Party! You constantly betray the President! You
YOUR JOB IS TO REPRESENT THE STATE THAT BLINDLY ELECTED YOU..IT IS NOT YOUR JOB TO SPEAK FOR ALL US CITIZENS..MYOB & DO YOUR JOB..@POTUS
Sessions Trying to Protect Country From Leaks? Americans Need to know Exactly How Grossly Mismanaged we are by an Inept Self Serving POTUS
I see you are still living in THE PAST !
What Past is That?
And the other half of the country wants the same consideration for President Trump! Don't you get that?
So, you ensure that by going on every media outlet and interfering?
You are so horribly misguided on this. You should be supporting the effort to protect this country. Instead you support the Marxists...
Why do you fight our @POTUS agenda?  It is disgraceful that you are part of the deep state!  I am sick of GOP not supporting the President!
There is no evidence that Mueller is going to b http://fired.You  might want to work on Healthcare and Tax Cuts.#WastingTime
Mueller should be FIRED! he has a HUGE conflict of interest, Support YOUR POTUS! quit working against him, #swampcritter #rino #ashamed
sycophant
it's come out the Mueller has a more than questionable history with democrats. Why aren't you pushing for neutral person instead
I ,but it must be about Russia involvement in the election not going after President Trump personally. Looking into old finances_Bad!
Graham's NOT kidding anyone! Hypocrite says he wont interfere but sponsors bills to TIE PRES HANDS! Unconstitutional! FAKE RINO SWAMP SCUM!
The whole thing is political interference.  It is nothing but a political prosecution. What crime is he being accused besides being Trump?
No one believes you Lindsey Graham Trump is President deal with it
U are a traitor @LindseyGrahamSC
Trump has to learn HE IS NOT ABOVE THE LAW !  Has to follow rules. Which he don't like. Don't like his dishonesty !!
And let's not forget that we don't want to interfere with his golf game - what is this 44 rounds so far? What a piece of work.
Interference? Pitiful politics and just so sick that you all act so pious
"job" to times of inquisition. culprit is certain already. now the evidence must be fabricated. he will be "executed" even without evidence
You are an enemy to the Americans. Go live in Venezuela, that's the government you want to change our republic into! DIRTBAG!
And we should really trust Muellers team, as he hied lots of Clinton donors and lawyers, and even a former  Obama employee??
U protect everyone but POTUS.  Mueller should have been fired earlier.  Has 2 many links 2 Clinton's & Comey as well as others. #witchhunt
Start standing with the President you block everything get use to it his base is behind him and congress better get with it
Rep. Trent Franks: Robert Mueller must resign
He's already compromised with Comey printing a special council! He's doomed from the start!
You liar. You are the interference.
Who elected YOU as President?  YOU HAVE OVER REACHED YOUR POSITION. WORK ON HEALTH CARE- "REPEAL & Replace ACA " and Tax Reform for the PPL!
@LindseyGrahamSC an imposter, liar, traitor. Bill to review President firing of Mueller by 3 judges. Demeaning. SC let's recall the buzzard.
Sure you do Lindsey Graham.  You want President Trump to work without political interference.  Reality is you hate Trump & want to STOP him.
Graham and Mc Cain are part of the swamp that are trying to take the President down.
Like Congress curbing @POTUS ?
Congress can't do their job now you want to manage the White House...enjoy your vacation.... 

Too late the bimbo lawyer on the case
In general, you may be right but this Mueller guy is clearly biased and building a one sided team. Where's the protection from that point??
SHAME on you!!!! We voted @realDonaldTrump president, not you!!! Get behind We the People's choice! Enough! You are not listening to us!
Graham you HACK RINO!  Mueller is BARRED from serving by statute!  Corruption abounds in DC. Rise UP AMERICA!  Flood congress with calls!!
Graham lies
You are full of it you want Mueller to find something anything. If there is no evidence you have seen than why is there an investigation.
VOTE GRAHAM OUT OF OFFICE! #MAGA
HOW ABOUT MAKING SURE IT'S FAIR DOESN'T LOOK LIKE IT TO ME MAKE SURE IT STAYS IN THE SCOPE ANY IDIOT CAN SEE THE BIAS AND THE CONFLICTS
You are a Deep State operative Graham. As a SC resident I am ashamed of you. #DraintheSwamp
Need to remove Mueller and his cronies.  All the crooks from Washiington
Conflict of Interest and Obstruction of Justice on Mueller.  Mueller delivered uranium to Russians for Hiltery.  Americans are tired of this
You should do more research on the uranium because that's not true! It was a sample & requested
Then demand the firing of Mueller who is clearly biased & illegally conflicted! OMG! R U BLIND? Comey manipulated & was rewarded 4 it? #MAGA
Yes Comey and Mueller's nuckname is Mr. Fix it. Muellar taught Comey everything he knows. Mueller delivered uranium to Russia for Hiltery
Comey didn't hire Mueller, & there's no evidence supporting conspiracy theories against either.
Let @realDonaldTrump fire Mueller now you fool. Why let the Liberal Media & elites use you and McCain to destroy the republican party? DUMB
Need a different investigator. Any indictment from Mueller would be clouded with doubt and suspicion. Don't U see that?
LOL
What is his job Lindsey? If Russia had ANY bite to it AT ALL—Everyone knows YOU & your backstabbing ilk would've already removed him w/dems!
Really Lindsey!  Since when did u become so passionate about Mueller doing his job.? You are nothing more than a sore loser and need to go!
What you mean to say and can't in public is that you want him protected so he can do a hatchet job on Trump. You, Sir, are a disgrace to SC.
watch your steps. All your intrigue is in full view of the entire country.We know who's really on our side-POTUS & who is not-YOU. Jealousy?
We know what's really going on. Look what happened to McCain. God can strike evil doers w a blow from which there is no recovery. You should
Sure you do.
head 10x's. So if you're not plotting evil u have nothing to worry about but if you are..it will come back on you. You are cursed.
how about narrowing his scope...but i forgot u r part of the swamp and will do anything to destroy @POTUS
We see you but more importantly God sees the evil you're plotting. I pray everyday that the evil u have planned for others falls on your own
@LindseyGrahamSC Mueller not accountable to anyone and was appointed via #Comey. U call yourself a patriot; when will you have @POTUS back?
BS your protecting your own interest. You have no interest in supporting the people of America. Turncoat
It would be nice if you could just do your job. But your ego has turned you into a traitor. I have lost all respect for you.
I'm confused again when will you have the Presidents back!!!!!
Never.
BTW Lindsey, Mueller doesn't work for you, he works under the Executive and Trump can fire him for ANY reason he wants! CONSTITUTION 101
If only Sen Graham was referring to @POTUS
Graham, Mueller has proven his ability. Your remark caters to the same uninformed voters who put the pretender & criminal in office
If that is your argument, then Trump should resign for conduct unbecoming and colluding with foreign government.  Graham is a fatuous fool!

He should not have a job
Too bad you don't feel that way about the POTUS!
Trump is choosing to commit illegal & unconstitutional acts. He's brought this on himself.
Along with McCain, trying to discredit @realDonaldTrump
u sir r a traitor to the president
No you wont
Why as a supposed republican(democrat) you back the witch hunt against potus. You act like a dem. You need to back your party like Dems do.
You can mute, you can block but I'll tell you now, you won't win this coup attempt.
If there is no crime as you said, why the need for an investigation?
Oh no, don't confuse him with logic. Not fair to swamp dwellers like him.
What's his job.?  Getting Trump's tax returns?
GRAHAM,,ENEMY OF AMERICANS,  TRUMPSTERS VOTE HIS ASS OUT
My Senator is Tim Scott and I'm proud to claim him. Graham is a disgrace to this state and not bright enough to understand it.
Closely watch chief pro-Putin propagandist SOS Rex T, then. Up to eyeballs in #Trumprussia https://thinkprogress.org/putin-helped-trump-exxon-oil-deal-sanctions-6f169c4a4cd0/ …;
You're a bot
I hope these RINOs protect @POTUS IF this Dem supporting political  driven investigation goes after him for dealings as a private citizen
Where's the Hillary Investigation for collusion with Ukraine? Oh never mind little weasel, you agree with that one. Probably set it up.
He wants to hog tie our @POTUS. Don't believe his tripe
It would be nice if he were to afford the President of the United States the same consideration.
Shut up @senlindseygraham..WE know you're a traitor to this WH !
That's a good idea Senator Graham giving the money back to the states back to the PPL
The political interference is Mueller hiring all Democrat donor lawyers and Hillary supporters. This is BS and you know it!
You r a con man, nothing more!
Then why put all theses laws up that are unconstitutional just to strip him of the ability to do the people's work
media _hore graham. promised weapons of mass destruction to ukraine.
We need to support President Trump.  All these Politicians like Graham and McCain are hiding their own crimes
Feels like: Mueller is Comey's work dad, his team all of his siblings and grand jury may be the cousins.  SOMEONE NEEDS TO KEEP  ON THIS.
Just say w/o @POTUS interfering , we all know what you mean,,, don't be scared
Graham wants Mueller free to press the vendetta against Trump which he would love to openly champion. Being the sneak he is, he wants cover.
I hope so

https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/07/bill-browders-testimony-to-the-senate-judiciary-committee/534864/ … Everyone!! Blow up this article with likes/retweets!!!! This is what Putin wants to turn the US into!!! #TrumpRussia
F**k  Mueller - why is he hiring just Democrats to investigate - biased and crooked just like MSM
Mueller's a Republican, you know.
Shhh. You'll ruin their faux news bubble where it's all a plot by the 'deep state'.
