Graham, why not keep obamacare instead of making it fall apart?  It saved my life
We don't want the Democrats to help; their ideas are destructive. Please repeal this thing and replace it with common sense free market.
Free market doesn't work in healthcare- asymmetrical info and seriously who will go for cheapest brain surgeon?
Right. That's not what I was referencing, Mr. Not a Brain Surgeon.
The Aca is common sense freemarket. It's freemarket universal healthcare. It's a heritage foundation plan.
Reality check: It's an expensive disaster that is not a heritage foundation plan.
Hahahahahaha, you do know that your premiums are going up under ahca or any GOP plan.
GOP is sabotaging healthcare on purpose. They're hostaging it so democrats will "help" the fix it. That is the definition of repeal/collapse
You aren't informed, just parrot false talking points with an unwarranted smug attitude that reveals you don't care about people. Bye.
Why not ask the Republicans why they didn't want to help make it better before it became shit for many people
pathetic. Never thought Sen Graham was as evil as trump, but he's learning.
He's right!
Lindsey Graham is a coward and defending the interest of Vladimir Putin and Russia.
The Government doesn't belong in healthcare..period.
yeah... 'cept that "let it collapse" has collateral consequences for, hmm, i dunno, maybe... PEOPLE ??
Including CHILDREN
Revise and make better. Do not replace #ACA with #trumpcare
What a dope @Lauraisresisti1 is...trolled by Spicier 
Typical moronic left wing nutjob
Do what U were elected 4--insane GOP
That is a chickenshit proposal. The Republicans have been like children and can't come up with any plan. Don't let ACA fail, fix it.
But Why does it need fixed? Mr perfect Obluner is a genius right...
Still haven't answered my question... If Oblunders forced Healthcare is so perfect then why does it need fixed?
Not unusual that something as complicated as ACA would need to be tweaked. Unless you are rich, Trump is screwing you and you don't know it.
There will be a trail of tears if that thing were to ever pass as he watches his loved ones drop like flies.
You keep turning a blind eye to treason & saying how you're "disturbed". Then DO something to save our country. #Impeach45 #CORRUPTION
Very sad when organizations like ours work hard daily to help assist individuals with chronic health issues, waiting for solutions!
F that Graham.  Repeal & Replace as U damned Rinos ran on.
Sometimes this clown has a lucid moment
Boy if I was a #Dem as a constituent to these Dem yahoos I'd give them hell-stood back watching what they knew would collapse.
You own it now! Thought you cared more for Country than party. #CountryOverParty
Tell that to the children with cancer and pregnant women, with what would be considered preexisting conditions under this new bill
Republicans had 6 years to make Healthcare better but chose not to do so.  Republicans are the dismantling party.  No forward thinking.
Trump has openly made it unadvisable for any insurance company to participate. Instead of improving it, Republicans want to destroy it.
that's the losers way out and Graham is a loser big time !
Get some Dems on the committee along with Doctors and nurses!
#Obamacare is not only fixable, it isn't imploding. #Trump has de-funded it. This is the reason #Anthem is pulling out. Thanks a lot #POTUS.
@GOP grow a set and keep bringing out the Dems refusal to help. What better optic? Dems claim they care about ppl. Challenge that claim.
That's unacceptable! Fix it.
OMG THIS SHOULD HAVE BEEN A NO BRAINER ON NOV 8 2016 BILL SHOULD HAVE BEEN ON #POTUS DESK JANUARY 20th 2017
The Republicans did all they could do to sabotage it so it wouldn't work.
Oh, no dummy! It's too late for that crap! Both Democrats and Republicans will be to blame. Your President gave you a plan, you had 7 years!
7 years of constant obstruction. Gee, I wonder why it has some issues. If republicans had made ANY effort it would be stronger!
What a load of horseshit. If you'd cooperated it wouldn't need fixed. The insurance co's have said TRUMP is sabotaging it. Not the Dems.
Reprehensible. Disgusting and downright inhumane. I expected better of you!
7 years to fix it and that's the best you have? Now that is scary!
I agree although that's what's happening now
Flynn has the goods on trump and trump knows it but so does the republicans. Trump and Flynn colluded w/Russians to hack our election.
That's really should have been the plan all along.
THERE IS ALREADY A FUNCTIONING HEALTHCARE SYSTEM IN PLACE-THE FEDERAL EMPLOYEE HEALTH BENEFIT PLAN!!!-EXPAND IT FOR VOTERS TOO!!!...
GOP attitude on Obamacare is disgusting. You broke it by defunding then want to blame dems. Hopefully this clusterfuck will be GOP downfall
you would rather collapse it and not think of the people that are on it and hurt them for your own gains
7 years of nothing I'm an embarrassed Republican. Sad time for Congress what a farce. Time for a convention of States. MAGA
Republicans not simply letting Obamacare collapse they are actively making it happen by defunding
, totally irresponsible.  Clearly demonstrates incompetence
#Lindseygraham has a mouth that's shaped like a holster
You control BOTH houses of congress AND the WH and you're STILL blaming DEMS for your incompetence?  Just govern FFS...
The Democrats are not willing to work with you? Huh. Where did they get the idea to do that?
Okay, I know you actually mean well here. Here's the problem: Their "replacement" will be single payer. Just repeal like you promised.
So give us an option that works.  Just like the Republicans always are. Complain but no solution
Democrats acknowledged problems and have offered to help fix but Reps rejected and want repeal only.
They are feeding the Insurance companies more $$$$. Lining their pockets to keep American's depressed.
you DON'T need the Democrats! You have the numbers!Looking for someone to blame? Shldnt hve fixed it
not when the Republican Party has tried so hard to make it fail till date. So dishonest
Your bargaining chip will be much greater when this happens.
10 year olds in old men's bodies seems to be a thing now.
They don't want to fix it because they don't know how except to blame others!
Letting it die a natural death is playing politics, Citizens who pay your salary are you obligation, not politics, not lobbyists.
Start with a few small measures. No individual mandate, buy across state lines, allow small businesses to form buying cooperatives.
While the Party of hate and child predators does every thing they can to destroy it. You've become like Trump, Lindsey, a pathological liar!
Either this is gonna be a free market system with the benefits of competition equalling quality ,or its gonna be crap without enough funds?
there goes that Obamacare fear mongering and sabotaging again.
Just come out of the closet already @LindseyGrahamSC you'll be a better person for it and quit jerking off 45
Or fix it w/ dem help and avoid a situation where 20+ million will be uninsured either by collapse or #AHCA. But fuck collaboration right?
Agreed!
Let it collapse and the Repubs will collapse. Everyone is watching & pointing at Repubs now.
Amazingly example of non-leadership. He should earn a non-salary
Yep they have done nothing but fight the republicans
Obamacare not collapsing.  60% approval rating, 40 million insured, Americans aren't bying the lie.  Learn that in 2018.
Oh yes, please, leave it alone and let it "collapse"! It'll be fun watching your reactions when it doesn't.
No-Republicans forced it to fail---so let Republicans fix the problem. When people lose their insurance Republicans will be blamed..simple
It's your party's efforts that are hurting the ACA. Jackass
We told you so? Fucking kidding me? Leaders of the 'free world' ain't shit.
If it collapses, isn't it because of GOP interference? If the replacement works, great. But 23 million lost seems like a weak answer.
Save it #DoYourJob -registered sc voter
So very dishonest, Lindsey.  Collapse healthcare most people depend on. Cynical, mean, & dishonest.
I though Lindsey was more responsibility!!! He's shallow!!!
That's just crazy. And irresponsible. I expect more from you.
The GOP can't come up with a replacement because the ACA was originally the GOP plan. Remember Romneycare? Based on personal responsibility?
You're not out to replace it just kill it leaving millions of people without a leg to stand on. Or health care to keep them alive.
Since the GOP stabbed the ACA and it's slowly bleeding out.
But you still have  the ACA...go with that if Obamacare is so terrible, no? :-/
So you are playing games with our lives now to make a point??? You had 8 years to figure this out!!!!!!
If the GOP causes it to collapse remember we told you so.  This is not a game people's lives are a stake.
Maybe leave off the "I told you so" we've heard enough of that from both parties.  #fixit
The #GOP would rather see the country go down in flames than admit they have failed to lead. Obamacare is fine; embrace it. Listen to voters
Let IT collapse ? Don't you mean let Americans suffer and die and, then we will get what we want.That's inexcusable!
Faux News
@LindseyGrahamSC If you put US citizens first instead of GOP, you'd be trying to fix weaknesses of ACA instead of cheering collapse.
How incredibly self serving.  Let it collapse?  That says you care nothing about the American people.  8 yrs, YOU should have found a fix
If you do something to actively sabotage it though it is disingenuous.
and hurt millions of people in the meantime. You can take measures to help people.
Your party for 7 months have told the US that it is the greatest ACA program. What happen. It has fallen under its own weight.
Read the analysis and what companies are saying. It is the uncertainty created by GOP.
GOP is totally morally bankrupt allowing markets to collapse. People's lives are being affected!
Anthem clearly said they left market due to instability created by POTUS.  This is on GOP.
Really?  And hurt people that need it?  You are very mean Senator.
The Dems are being offered no opportunity to participate in the health care issue.
If it collapses, it's because of corp geeed or poorly informed small businesses. Do you really want to be associated with that?
Noway US ppl want democrats to help Nothing we got majority!
Yours will be repealed when dems have control and so it goes.
Because you don't want to fix the ACA you want to repeal it, which is a big fu to the dems that worked for years to pass health care.
These people had 8 years of bitching to create a better option now they want Dems to replace OCare?  How about you stop railroading it?
Meanwhile the people suffer. But hey Lindsey who cares? YOU get insurance
No @LindseyGrahamSC, that's not what we voted you in there for. Keep your promises and get repeal and replace done!
That is no was to govern. @GOP has sabotaged everything Obama has ever done. Grow up and do some good for the country instead of leaching...
off the taxpayers for your salary health insurance and retirement!
It has already collasped!
Be relevant Sen Graham.  Tell us weekly what you have done to support the Presidents agenda. Tired of hearing what you do to undermine it
Shame on you. You aren't doing anything to help those who need insurance. Just to be partisan. SHAME!
Just another act of GOP sabotage against the citizens of our nation. Shameful and inexcusable!
Why do the republicans need help fixing it, they know everything
It shud of been tweaked. NOT REPLACED. IT IS @SenateGOP PROBLEM NOW
You don't need help you have both chambers and WH. If it collapses, it's on Republicans! Stop dickering and FIX it!
Irresponsible!  You disappoint me.
You guys control the whole government now. You did not want to help when Obama was in office. Now you own it. It's failure is your failure!
Health care is a human right. Provide Medicare for all. Still leaves insurance companies in tact for secondary insurance.
Rich friends and insurance owners are pulling out because they aren't sure of funding. Everyone wants to profit while some people suffer
Let's be real:  it's failing because of Republican decisions since Jan. When things go wrong, those in power are always blamed.
Get over yourself you do nothing old republican! #Repeal and replace Obamacare now!
GOP had nothing to do w/Obamacare failure. It failed before the election. No matter how hard they try to fix it, the left will pout.
Lindsey.. you need to go home! If you do not fight for a new plan then you and those like you are done! We are TIRED! Drain the SWAMP!
You work to make sure it collapses. Take responsibility for your perfidy.
Sad that you feel this way. The plan works but needs some work. Why not work to make it better rather than starting over
Why don't you try to fix it now, so you aren't playing political games with citizens health? Getting tired of your schtick, @LindseyGrahamSC
Why do you want sick people to die?
And you call yourself a Christian.
u own this now and u are driving it in to the ground!!! I thought "healthcare is so easy"! R's unprepared as usual
It's like obamacare is stuck in some kind of closet
So sabotage it, instead of working to try to help Americans, and then play politics? No wonder politicians are hated as much as hemorrhoids.
No way, Lazy! U have all three branches. "Let it collapse? I told you so?" What exactly do u suppose u are elected to do? Hint: not that!
So: sabotage a program that gives people healthcare. Let them get sick & die. That is cynical and cruel.
Republicans could have fixed Obamacare easily but they won't while they can use it  as a weapon. Compassionless conservatism is a disease
They could have supported Obamacare when it was first introduced and made it better then but they refused bc they didn't like Obama
Very adult. Wait for millions to be affected before you act. How about fix ACA now!
That's not leadership - at all. That's cowardice and inability to govern.
You broke it. You bought it. People care about protections for pre existing conditions, life time caps, Medicaid expansion, CHIPS, drug tax.
Why do you need the democrats to pass anything? You have a majority...just do it!
Get over it, she lost! Move On and Govern!
If we didn't have Fox News, none of this would be happening in the first place.
People will suffer, Lindsey. You can't be ok with that.
Graham if trump wasnt sabotaging the insurance markets & denying payment perhaps it wouldn't collapse your a two faced liar remember Twnhall
GOP to blame 2 busy fighting than negotiating the initial #Obamacare don't spit into the wind!
Senator do U not realize there ARE actual lives at stake? What U just said: "Let it collapse & after enough people die the Dems will cave.
So what happens in the interim. You must not care.
You don't need democratic help. You didn't help them. You have all majorities. Do your job.
This from the one "sane" SC lawmaker. God help us. Yes @LindseyGrahamSC uv lost my vote...AGAIN!
Yes and at the end you are going get almost the same what you have right now just with a different name and Reps will take credit for it.
In other words, f#ck over the American people so you can say "I told you so". Good plan
Eliminate mandate, do nothing to provide help for struggling Americans, & create climate forcing ins. cos retreat. Then blame everyone else
You should be ashamed
disingenuous.
If you want Dems help ask them now instead of leaving them out. Pay the insurers and gain stability back instead of sabotaging the ACA.
How about not screwing the American public while you find ways to improve what we have. No...that would be too smart and compassionate!
The GOP daily shows us it has no soul. Only care about special interests even those like Graham who tries to pretend he is a moderate.
You won't let people suffer @LindseyGrahamSC.
Health care was never "finished" you moron. It needed constant updates from Congress. Something which you are actively blocking.
https://twitter.com/brianweeden/status/871050378846109697 … but that's not what's going on, is it?
CEO of Blue Cross says their 23% increase in insurance premiums is directly a result of GOP undermining Obamacare: http://bit.ly/2sqbroi  
Still don't get it-No branch of FedGov has the authority or right to dictate that Americans purchase a product of any type #UnConstitutional
Going to collapse anyway & public knows it. Americans gave Repubs majority in Congress. Leave Dems behind & do something about it!!!
almost agree with Graham (Chelsea Clinton just a week ago) what is going on? Only problem with wait and see is our premiums are killing us
Republicans are not "letting" Obamacare die. They are forcing its death by creating chaos, confusion and not paying due compensation!
Why not work together now to fix it.
Do you really expect Democrats to help Republicans punish the poor, the sick, and the elderly? You party seems to hate them a lot.
Correct but mandate Congress to participate in the next healthcare disaster!
This guy Lindsay Graham is the biggest piece of crap...can't wait for him to be gone!!!
Not gonna happen. Too much lobby money on the table for legitimate healthcare reform. $393,000,000.00 in 2016
The government should of never gotten involved with healthcare to begin with look at the VA good example now ppl think they're entitled
If Is it your insurance that was going to quit , would you want it to happen , no you would not. We want your insurance
Hypocrites. @GOPHouse voted  with Republican presidential candidate @marcorubio who sabotaged "Obamacare".
People who depend on insurance can't get healthcare without it. Are they supposed to die while republican congress denies them care?
Rubio helped kill ACA
Clasdic @GOP @realDonaldTrump they screwed up and now what Dems to help them fix- @gop has a majority but operates like a clown car
Why do you need Dems help ? Stop playing politics and do what you ran on
It's collapsing due to your efforts to undermine it. It's not perfect, but don't shoot it in the foot and then be surprised it can't walk.
They are notgoing todo jack shat
Get dome big balls and do ad promised repeal and replace now
Republicans: It is YOUR watch! 
If the American healthcare system collapses it will be blamed on YOU!
The media is already selling that it's Trump & GOP fault. They must know that their taxpayer money was supposed to fund insurers' losses.
Lindsey, if millions are using the affordable care., it is not perfect, but there are somethings good about it.Fix it instead of replacing
That's irresponsible senator! You cannot just let it collapse. You need to repeal&replace it now! Term Limits are needed b/c of guys like u!
They wanted single payer all along
