2018 is coming up so what we did in 2016 we can do again in 2018 WE THE PEOPLE ARE SICK OF THIS BS! WHY R YOU DOING THIS NOW? Please explain
Trump and Putin this hearing is about what you have stood for the protection of the American people ty
I knew you were a sick man, but I didn't realize the extent of your illness. You are dangerous and bad for this country.
You're covering your ass and you know it from paying ISIS - Trump needs to take you out!
excellent questions sir. Thanks
Can election hack and wikileaks drop b 2 separate things?
Neither version of The Report contains one shred of evidence, except this,traitor:

thank god Clapper would never lie to congress...oh wait. #assclowns
It is obvious Trump  complicit in Russian's election hacking. he told Russia to hack HRC email Treason
@YetiBlue2 waiting for the stupid @realDonaldTrump comments that will be flowing from his tiny hands.
fake news like Fox News, Limbaugh, Alex Jones are -alt Right Bannon all Traitors
Still trying to make yourself relevant.
Perhaps we need to launch a few boulders.
it takes an insane narcissist like Trump to make Lindsey Graham make sense #russianhacking
Graham makes no sense.  What he wants is to cover up corruption or make war.  Who still votes for this guy?
Sir, it is time to ask the question again "What did you know and when did you know it?" #johnmccain
RT:Who'd have thought that @LindseyGrahamSC would be such a badass? GOP messed up 4 letting him slip away.He is standing up for us all. TY
Intel  personnel are not supposed to be looking at each other's stuff. It's a  felony, in fact.
Thank you 4sincere effort to deal w/real threat.Don't agree w all you say but who agrees on ev? Thk U & @SenJohnMcCain
what are you doing? Why don't you just switch parties already. We're going to get you out #draintheswamp #youaretheswamp
Keep doing exactly what you are doing to make America secure.
Thank you for your leadership on this matter.
your nothing but a war monger and I hope one day you will stand before a war crime tribunal
Resign your Senate seat #RINO #Cuck 
#CuckBrothers
this election report is completely made up just like Benghazi & the video. You need to calm down, get in the real world!
Justice will be done...
Trump wants to dismantle security agencies what's left no protection from enemies very disturbing News
@FoxNews /Graham does not listen to the radio? No wonder he's a 1%er out of touch with the middle-class!
thank you for standing for #patriotism and protecting American interests and American security.
I'm praying continually for your fight against Trump your going to need it he's got too much power
I'm your constituent, and I want you to continue calling for bipartisan Select Committee to investigate hacking.
I will not bow down to bend or break to Dictator Trump or Dictator Putin
Interesting how he wants to go after those who expose USA corruption, but nothing about MSM that manipulates & covers it up
Thank you for your comments on the Hill today. Wish we had more courageous ppl in your party. #integrity
your so smart for not cowing down to Trump and Putin and Assange
Hating on the next PRESIDENT is working for the Russians, and Chinese
I think you are the only republican on the hill that I like right now!  Thank you!
.@LindseyGrahamSC Thank you for calling for our intelligence community to be uplifted!
Thank you for your service.  Go with our support for you!  #TheResistance
proving yourself to be quite foolish and ignorant. The doubt is with political appointees not intelligence professionals.
there are multiple Radio Liberty web pages and sources of coverage -- not just radio   http://www.rferl.org/p/3511.html 
You are a joke to the American people. You need to worry about your backyard instead of the president elect.
you are a joke
thank you for fighting for American democracy we need you now more than ever before it's too late
enjoy your last term in office. We WILL get you voted out next term. And his name is "President Elect Trump!"  RINO!!!
I'm ready to throw some rocks!
You're a hack.
we want to question YOU how much $ did u make from wars in Libya and Syria how do u sleep at night?
Graham,McCain are apart of this money grab
Throw that rock!
You & McCain need to act like Republicans and grow up and do the right thing!!!!!
ARE YOU DRUNK?
I sure wish u would also work on #healthcare reform for your SC constituents. We need HELP, not destruction of our health.
Oh, we're watching.
