You have lost touch with the voters. If you are calling Hillary a political rival and not a criminal then you are a big part of the problem.
FLASHBACK. Remember When Obama Used the NSA To Spy On Congress? Remember Obama & his IRS? We are tired of voting 4 the lessor of 2 evils>GOP
Flashback remember when trump said this after months of bullshit to get your vote
Thats be4 Obama,Hillary,Comey,Lynch just got caught colluding 2 rig election & tried to pin it on Trump/Russia, when its was Obama/HRC/Putin
They all rigged the election for HRC 2 lose  They set up trump 4 collusion & let him win  Your theory makes no sense Think b4 u parrot 
Ignore last week hearings &deep troubles&evidence on DNC/Dems/BHO admin. Special counsel now 2 investigate collusion,GPS,fake dossier.spying
It's Grand Jury & prison time,4 Hillary,Susan Rice,Lynch & many others.@RepDWStweets has been caught. Sever,laptops,hard drives confiscated.
Take your meds
Whose side are U on, the American people or the Corrupt swamp? U helped silence Sessions. @POTUS is repeating what we republicans are saying
We are still waiting on answers you have and others refuse to answer.What are you hiding? Did you help McCain push the fake dossier?
Is that how you want us too see it or as republicans do we get to form our own opinions? You are losing touch with my/the republican party.
We should pursue charges on ALL of the senate Rs for sentencing so many to a life without medical care. Hope you all get tumors.
It's in his right and non of your business. Stop protecting the criminals and defend our POTUS. Stick with your party
Actually, the constitution clearly wanted congress to have equal power. We tried tyranny and didn't like it.
How does your reply make sense with my comment?
Not if crimes have been committee @LindseyGrahamSC  - Hillary's crimes so obvious a fresh law school graduate could convict- GIVE ME A BREAK
You're an ignorant fucking moron if you think that. @GOP spent tens of millions of taxpayer dollars trying to stitch up HRC, got nothing.
because those running the investigation are corrupt too.
Who are you accusing of corruption? The @GOP is certainly corrupt. It's the party of crooks. It elected a pathological liar and con-man.
Enough is Enough!  You MUST do your job and remove #toddlerinchief . Country depends  on you to put a stop to him 
no duh
This may come to a shock to you and your Republican cohorts, but there is something you can do about him.
SO WHAT IS GOING to HAPPEN?is it apparent yet that this man is insane?
So is any1 in ur party going 2do anything abt it or r u going 2keep whining while doing nothing & watching our country self destruct?
I think the term you're looking for is 'an abuse of power'
I say, Tsk tsk. Pour me another bourbon. 
Do you think you could say this in stronger and more convincing terms? "Inappropriate" hardly expresses the gravity of the suggestion.
Please hold POTUS accountable NOW. Destroying the very fabric of American decency and leadership.
You want a thing in human form to go free from selling out America and selling children into a child sex ring and voter tampering w/sanders?
@LindseyGrahamSC  So DO something about it other than tweet! Stop this bully. @GOP has to realize they are in an abusive relationship.
You are the voice of reason in a White House where it mostly seems to have disappeared with Trump at the helm.
Actions speak louder than words. Stop #Nightmare Care, I mean Trump care.
Then DO SOMETHING about if, FFS
Funny how you only focus on his tweets when it's convenient for you to undermine our POTUS!Why don't you comment on all the good he's doing
Grow a pair
Then fix it. You can stop this
@JoeNBC Not inappropriate. It's the truth. HRC got away with multiple crimes 4 self profit. SHAME ON U, SEN GRAHAM!
You're dead wrong on HRC prosecution; she and her criminal cabal broke federal laws & put national security at risk. No one is above the law
Don't you think her campaign colluding with Ukraine needs to be pursued?
Thx Senator! We need you to help save our democracy from this lunatic, who's bent on establishing an authoritarian regime. Pls be a patriot!
Your party's leader was inappropriate?  I'll be darned.
Inappropriate is 1% of the strength your comment should be
4...? 

4 Sho?
Please hold Trump accountable NOW. He is destroying the very fabric of our Democracy & American decency. Republicans silence is abhorrent.
vote no on motion to proceed
We know she committed crimes. Nothing inappropriate about investigating that. The Trump/Russia thing is a different story. Pure politics
Your vote to REPEAL or REPEAL/REPLACE is a vote for a lunatic. Stop this, now.
If only you could find someone who could do something about it... wait
You're spineless.
So do something about it. Time to redraft the Const. Non application of #ChecksAndBalances by the Congress should become punishable.
Congress has the power to stop him, and it is not by tweeting. He is the biggest threat to our democracy, not the ACA. Get to work!
Question? How does it feel to be the party to end democracy in America? No way you vote down healthcare and still have free elections.
You're a traitor. You're betraying everything you swore to uphold. All because you're afraid of the Koch brothers and Mitch McConnell.
@DavidBFox so DO something about it! Enough talk!
So do something about. You have the ability to. Until then this is just empty rhetoric.
It's an impeachable offense Senator.  Another one.  What is the Congress waiting for?  Shameful.
Great. So what are you going to do about it? And what will you and the rest of @GOP do when he inappropriately fires Mueller?
Abd by doing nothing, you are complicit
How long does the Republican party plan to keep this fiasco going. Highly inappropriate is hugely ineffective Senator. Be a man! Stand up!
All of his tweets today are highly inappropriate, as were his tweets yesterday and the day before and the day before that...
Do you really think you gain anything at all by putting our president down publicly? We all know you hate him so just get the hell out!
Do something or shut up. Whining on twitter is useless. You're in a position of power to take action.
He has to wait for instructions and there's a seven-hour time difference.
You will make so many people happy if you start the investigation on  Hilliary and Bill and yes, even their daughter.
Thanks troll...
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity You need to leave the Senate if you don't see that Mueller's conflicts abound! The ppl see right through it.
What's "highly inappropriate" is a known felon escaping justice because he or she happens to be a (former) member of the political elite.
Sounds like something that would happen in a horrible autocracy like Russia. I guess that fits. Trump likes autocrats like Putin,doesn't he?
Sen. Graham,today would be a good day to walk the walk and not just talk the talk
Not sure Republicans know how to stand up without their spine!
Thankfully that pre-existing condition will still be covered thanks to the generous health insurance that Congress has on our taxpayers' 
No problem? Seriously wtf? After college in btw temp jobs I had to use food pantry bc Cobra & rent used ALL my savings
1
In college a junk policy from my job at McD's almost cost me bankruptcy when I had my appendix out bc it only covered the doctor's bill
2
Not anesthesiologist not the cost of the operating room and not the cost of prescriptions.
Experience is a cruel teacher& Ins Co monsters 
3
Health care is not mentioned anyplace in the constitution. No need for gov. to be involved.
Whats inappropriate is #Clintonscandals Whats inappropriate is 4 dead in #Benghazi Whats inappropriate is #Bleachbit & Seth Rich murder
as opposed to treason? PLEASE
Not treason possibly Espionage 
@jaketapper needs to ask how many coverts she endangered or killed with her reckless handling TS 
#China
Grumpy trump knows Hilary won ,His voters want help ,Poor People they are...
Why? They continue to push this Russian nonsense why not investigate the whole thing.
Everything about trump is inappropriate but I don't see GOP doing squat to check him. You included. Expressing disappointment doesn't count.
You mean it is upsetting to you that conservative politicians didn't suddenly 'go liberal' with their votes because they have a bad POTUS?
If they're going to talk about all the horrible shit trump is doing they should back it up or shut up. As it is, they are using him as cover
If Obama was in office acting like Trump is, would you expect Elizabeth Warren to vote against SPHC or abortion?
If Obama was in office acting like Trump, I would expect them to impeach him. Same as I expect GOP to impeach this idiot.
LOL oh well. Until you are capable of looking at it clearly and logically and free of emotion, you simply sound like another partisan shill.
You're all about going to war w/Russia! I think Mueller flying to Moscow to deliver uranium for Hillary & you saying nothing/Inappropriate!
Interesting "facts"
Your words fall flat. Do something about it.
POS traitor! HilLIARy is a criminal, should be prosecuted. If you did ur job, she would've yrs ago! U have Benghazi blood on ur hands too!
So it is aldo inappropriate to continuously slam the president.
Thanks bot
Cess Pool Dweller, You've worn out your welcome; shut-up, do your job until you're voted out of the Senate and POTUS will do his job!
ANYONE suspected of breaking the law should be investigated & prosecuted, including political rivals!
Your existence is inappropriate and they compromised you good. I know they got something on you.
You are the one who is inappropriate. A traitor to Trump. We aren't blind. You fool no one. You and McCain are turncoats and we see it.
For Gods sake EQUAL justice under the law. If she's guilty it shouldn't make a bit of difference she also "ran" for office. You're backwards
Sounds more like you are protecting the corrupt. The American public isn't stupid. Corruption is on both sides of the aisle. RINO.
What a snail you are Lindsey.
seriously... tired of these "inappropriate" or "wrong" tweets.  What are you going to do about it other than rubber stamp?!
Tired of "men" on the left being whiney bitches. Stop the temper tantrums already
She is a criminal. I find your comments as an elected official highly inappropriate. 

Voting you out!
So what you are suggesting is DT should care if something he said is inappropriate. What would give you any indication of that being true?
Then do something
What highly inappropriate is politicians like you who see no evil, hear no evil and speak no evil!  Hide everything from American people!
The Democrats, the media, and never Trump hypocrites like Graham are pursuing prosecution of a former political rival (Donald Trump).
The time is getting near and The GOP Party will need to remove the sitting President. Please make sure that you Send Trump back to NY.
lol! Not likely!
. " we the people of america demands  jeff sessions to investigate hillary,obama,rice,lynch,etc,
stop making excuses graham
We the people of America demand that he help investigate anyone colluding with Russia!
That would be the DemonRats
Spying on a current political rival is 100% cool though. But those statements are inappropriate because he won.
Yeah, Liberals spying is legal - Republicans is not. Good 'ol double-standard! Sick of the nonsense!
Many Americans see it.
You win the jackpot, Lindsey. Now, let's figure out how to keep the doll hands away from the nuclear codes and INTO an institution for help

DO THE RIGHT THING!!!!
No
Heaven forbid your darling Hilliary be held accountable for her many "un-intentional" crimes
Is it okay to investigate Hillary the same as Obama investigated Bush with a review to assure the public the law was followed? Grow up!
Talk, talk, talk, senator.  A true leader would actually oppose him instead of just talking by voting against his God-awful agenda.
And what are u going to do about it?
are you colluding for a take over?
When are you boys gonna put some testosterone in your vocabulary? You sound like Scarlet O'Hara with her corset cinched too tight. #Sessions
Please retire now. You crossed the line. It has nothing to do with politics and you know it. #lockherup @hillaryclinton is going to prison 
Well grow a pair and do something about it.
Of course it is - all you guys are above the law and not held to the same standard as average Americans.  Protect your own DC elitists
I'd sit this one out ma'am
Then FUCKING DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!
If you really cared you would take action.
With all due respect, Senator, the majority of things that Mr. Trump has done have been highly inappropriate.
Must be part of the cover up....
Indeed. But I wish you would use more appropriate language. I think you meant to say "maniacal".
Highly Inappropriate is u insulting We the People's intelligence. The AG, w/ his moral self righteousness. Lied to the people! Let us down
Lindsey do you ever pas up a opportunity to throw the president under the bus. Stop acting like a democratic and try helping him.
Amen to that!
And yet, how did you vote and how many times do you excuse him?  Stop talking. Start acting.  Or are you just another empty suit.
So do something about it!
Your comment is irrelevant when you fail to move the SC Caucus towards being part of the solution rather than part of the problem.
A lot of talk; no action. Do something about The Twatter
Do something then!
MAGA
Stop just tweeting about being inappropriate and DO something. That's why you're there! For the greater good, not the good of few. Please.
...and what? You are all talk! Talk is cheap!
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Then enough with the head shaking & pearl clutching & DO something! #ImpeachTrump
(2) country like he did in front of the Boy Scouts?   How much more do American's who are PATRIOTIC and love this country need to endure
If the former political rival has been implicated in a serious crime, then its more than appropriate to suggest it.
Then do something about it, coward.
And you will do nothing because you are a self-centered white entitled rich man Republican per usual!
Are you on the payroll too?
He needs to be in a strait jacket
Pearl clutching is not a substitute for fulfilling your constitutional duties.
Do something about it!
But you still support this guy. And that's a problem.
So it's ok for Killary,Comey,Lynch,Schultz & the rest of that bunch to commit REAL CRIMES?? THEY get DIFFERENT TREATMENT??YOU COWARD!
That's right Lindsey #ImpeachTrumpNow !!!
..."but I'll still vote for everything he sets in front of me"
Please take some action. Honestly, 45 is becoming more unhinged.
#DoSomething !!!
You are a #joke &a #traitor to America...the fact that you and the rest of #Deepstate #establishment..got 2go Clinton is a #Criminal @POTUS
Why don't you do something?  Trump is a threat to America!
You've enabled him, and frankly you're above that. It is a damn shame and you're to blame Lindsay Graham.
Actually it's INSANE,!
Grow up
Then Sen Graham, why aren't you doing something about this behavior?
So, please do something! The whole country is sick over this insane man we hav to call "president". GOP covering for him is obscene.
 
[Do] something, I'm giving up on you. //
Sorry that [we] couldn't get to you.
INAPPROPRIATE?? 
SO IS OWNING A WEAPONS FACTORY IN BULGARIA...RIGHT LINS? YOUR DAY'S COMING!
for that to happen. Innocent people will be hurt and killed. This is his and Bannons plan. To become a dictator. Stop this before it happens
She's a proven liar and criminal.  Follow the money, or does it somehow include you?
Will you do anything about it, or fall in lone like the others? Do you havr the fortitude to stand up to him, or kneel like the rest of GOP?
Acid washing servers, Wasserman Shultz IT fleeing the country and you say this? Uranium to Russia, Podesta making millions? Incredible.
RESIGN you are a traitor to our @POTUS, the @GOP and therefor America.  Time to go home and let real Americans legislate #Lockherup
And...?
Hillary Clinton is a Criminal Enterprise. In the eyes of a large portion of this country... we see her as escaping justice. Because of 
Thank you for being vocal @LindseyGrahamSC
No one wants to hear your opinion, you need to show action against this lunatic
So what are you going to do about it? Let me guess..make a frowny face and vote to take health care away from millions. #republicancowards
You are inappropriate.
You know @realDonaldTrump is only doing it to take the heat from Trump/Rissia issues.  Bcoz he's guilty.  Hillary did win.
Stop acting holier than thou, while you continue to support this joke of a President who thinks of himself as Emperor! Hypocrite!
Bcos this will set a precedent to pursue prosecution on the last administration from the current one which will be chaos!
so do something. Stop talking. Do something.
@LindseyGrahamSC  Always thought you were intelligent but lately you're making me wonder! Trump and Pence are both crap!
Der. We know that. Don't tell US. TELL HIM. Grow a pair, Lindsey.
So is being a traitor, but seems you don't mind.
Wrong.
A pundit on @CNN last night said you Repubs were looking into it. Loretta Lynch and Comey were specifically mentioned. So, talk is cheap...
Do you ever have the balls to back up your words with deed? America needs an answer.
Tweeting isn't action. You hold power to get your fellow Rs to reign in @realDonaldTrump. Tweeting puts you at his level nothing more.
You sound "concerned"
So what are you gonna do about it?
You nor any Gubment employee will escape the rule of law Lindsay. Profiting from the crime will be prosecuted, not rewarded in this admin.
"And I will continue to use the word inappropriate because it's a great word"
And exactly what are you and your Republican colleagues doing about it???
When will you do more than give lip service to your fellow Americans?
You denounce it but what are you going to DO about it?!
Put your money where your mouth is @LindseyGrahamSC
All you do is talk- show some integrity and take action for the good of the country, otherwise all your thoughts are hypocritical BS
Sure Senator - just give her a pass! Never mind all the people who cross her mysteriously die...
You sound like the parents in a Charlie Brown cartoon.  Waaaawaaaawaaaawaaaa.  Do something meaningful
Then please please please do something about it!!
Not inappropriate at all. She is a criminal! Investigations should be ongoing on Hillary, Lynch, Bill, Obama, Rice, etc. #unmasking
Trump is trying to acquire as much power as possible. Would you trust him with unlimited power or a blank check?
Everything he does is inappropriate.  His boy scout speech, bullying of Sessions and Republicans that don’t agree with him.  Do something!
The law is the law idiot no matter what party
"a former political rival" - who wrote this tweet for you? Maddow's staff? Smh ... and Mao was a "successful leader w/questionable methods"
Still collecting those kickbacks from the Clinton Cartel eh? 
What a shocker, "top republican" as they say on CNN criticizes Trump.
Will you continue to be complicit and support Trump, just like the time he fired Comey over the Russia investigation?
And I'm sure you're "very concerned".

WAKE THE F*CK UP AND *DO SOMETHING*

Our democracy is DYING on your watch.
#DUTYAppropriate is #Honor & #Defend #USConstitution from #Tyranny & #Treason politically adverse or otherwise as with #Rino #AntiAmericans
Wow! Look at you defending liberty. Seriously tho DO SOMETHING!
He said this during the campaign and you voted for him. He's a racist and and a sexual predator and you voted for him. Have a spine.
Sessions is getting exactly what he deserves. He made a deal with the devil and the devil is winning.
Perhaps you are worried something will come out about you?
It's too bad that your actions have a weaker voice. Your party needs a hero - now is your fleeting & narrow window of opportunity - use it
Oh, gosh Senator. What stinging words. Oh, my!
Hmm what about FBI stopping Debby IT assistant?!
And you are doing nothing to stop any of this Lindsey. Do something to save this democracy
You always say trump is "inappropriate", "troubling", "disturbing". Talk is cheap. When will you actually stop talking and do something?
You don't say! You know what else is inappropriate? Trump as president
Do  something  about  it!
The fact that Congress, specifically the House, has done almost nothing to impeach this man is highly inappropriate.
This is intimidation.
He should pursue it. You as a democrat should know HRC has openly committed crimes.
At least you'll speak up. It's a shame to see Sessions, Ted Cruz and others suck up to Trump. After what he said about them- it's pathetic
Lindsey Graham. President's Trump's tweet inappropriate. Does Lindsey Graham consider the special counsel inappropriate?
What about Dems trying to prosecute all of their former political opponents?
You and your buddy McCain should grow a backbone
Give 'em hell, Lindsey
The stop him.
Every day that you allow this dangerous man to continue chipping away at our democracy, you should be ashamed. Where is your patriotism?
The 8 yrs of chipping away were over on January 20, 2017. Except for shadow govt.
You mean, 8 years of R obstructionism have been followed by intentional weakening of our government, democracy, and world standing. #Shame!
Too bad you live inside your own fantasyland. By saying "voting infrastructure protection", I take it you support voter ID laws?
I support the right for every eligible American to vote. Voter ID laws are designed to disenfranchise minorities.
Voter ID laws are designed to ensure what you say you are for: citizen-only voting.
It's not inappropriate when that former political rival is a known criminal.
