That's a joke, right? As in "Ha ha, Perry wouldn't know the hot end of a A-bomb to save his life!"
@Headerop1 @GovernorPerry @ENERGY All I hear is noise! I don't hear how that Independent Investigation is going in to DT
Marilee, the GOP are meek sheep. There will be no investigation just Baa's
we will make it happen.the price of stalling is to much.
He knows nothing abt nuclear energy, so he brings the invaluable ignorant perspective?
the key word is fresh, you could not find a more clueless person.  Hope DOE has a good autopilot
To destroy the Dept.
New perspective on what Big OIl wants y'all to do.
OMMM TEXAS we found one of your boys walking along the hallways, please come pick him up ASAP
"Fresh" because he doesnt really know what they do there yet.
good grief, we went from a brilliant scientist to this dolt?
not to worry he does have a degree in Animal science.
Yes, how refreshing an uneducated leader must be for a change!
or the prospective he thought it was a useless department and still couldn't remember it
@newsgirl123456 @GovernorPerry @ENERGY Hugely Incompetent, Great!
his dumb butt didn't even know what the agency does so how in God's name is he going to freshen anything.
By fresh do you mean one based on anti-science and facts and hiring those with no understanding.
like not knowing anything about nuclear weapons or that he's responsible for them
The time is now to Stand up for what is right not for what is GOP. Find the courage to stand for Truth and for the People
Girly graham, you have no friends, you Rino P.O.S.
he could not remember the agency name..hope he can find his parking space
Rick Perry is a consistent garbage fire and his only goal is to destroy the dept but sure.
.@LindseyGrahamSC I suppose not being a Nobel laureate expert in atomic physics is "fresh perspective".
Perry failed chemistry and got a "D" in economics....oh dear!
HA! Fresh is one way of saying "has no clue what they do".
Just somebody please remind him where he works occasionally
It would be safer to just let him forget. Maybe he'll wander back to DWTS.
The first DOE head who campaigned to shut it down and forgot its name. Didn't even know nukes there
wrong Lindsey thought you were smarter
I would feel safer if we had a knowledgeable person in that slot.
He's an idiot, didn't even know what DOE actually does.
like he did with Dancing with Stars
you mean when he finally figures out what the DOE actually does? You're either funny or just stupid
fresh maybe but rational or insightful absolutely not
At least he now can name it
only cause he has it on his name tag, along with instructions for what to do if found
He blocked @PolitiFact on Twitter. It's an account that fact checks. Does he not like facts?
just has no use for them,  not kidding!!
Did he remember his job title?  In college, he failed Chemistry and got a D in Economics.
to say the least. Hope he boned up on his physics. Doesn't seem like the brightest bulb in the building, but I'll cross my fingers and pray.
He did not know what the department did until someone explained it to him. We need qualified people.
Is "fresh perspective" your way of saying, "village idiot?" Seems like a strange approach.
@Headerop1 @GovernorPerry @ENERGY He is just filling up the Cesspool! You ppl just don't learn! Putting party over county
The only think he will bring is ignorance. But st least he can dance
did he finally learn what it does? Popcorn is on the stove
You're saying that with a straight face? You know he's dumb as a box of rocks, right?
fresh as in he literally had no idea what the department even did?
Sure wish you'd find some new friends!
Sure if you define fresh perspective as passing gas.
Sure. Fresh ignorance to agency he wanted to eliminate & didn't know  oversaw nuclear stuff.
You both realize everyone thinks you are complete asses right?
haha. Would you read your twitter replies just once? That would be refreshing
the perspective of having no clue what the DOE does.
I don't know if fresh is what I would call it.
More "deconstruction of the state" put incompetence in charge so gov fails & corps take over & steal
you need some new friends!
and by "fresh" you mean "inexperienced and doesn't know what his agency does" perspective, right?
If he can find his desk.
he asked Texans to pray for rain during our drought. I'd say his perspective is a rather moldy one.
Perry as secretary of energy is a complete joke.  Just like Pruitt, DeVos, and now Sessions.
As long as he can remember the name of the department of which he is Secretary.
'fresh perspective ' meaning he has not one clue wtf he is doing.
Fresh perspective = no knowledge or experience with nuclear programs.
sure, now that he knows what the Department does smh
Wasn't his perspective to eliminate it? ••• - - - ••• 
wrong again.
for now, tomorrow you'll be asking for a special investigation into why the wall construction
Also ... isn't there a word for "hiring your friends"?
until you turn on him like you do to everyone else you democrat
.@LindseyGrahamSC .@GovernorPerry .@ENERGY I seem to recall he wanted to shut that department down. Is he really the best choice to run it?
hahaha seriously! The man did not even realize what the dept of energy was.
I guess "get rid of it" is a pretty fresh perspective for that office to have.
that is one way of putting it.
Is he going to get a PhD in Nuclear Physics so he knows what the hell he's doing?
He will need a couple of books....
A fresh perspective with no knowledge of the subject at all. Awesome.
The least you could do is not insult those who obviously know @GovernorPerry is utterly unqualified for this role.
Love the optimism. Don't love the lack of expertise in all things nuclear & desire to shut DOE down.
By "fresh", do you mean someone that failed high school chemistry and physics?! Par for the course w/ GOP.
You have a lot of really awful friends. You know what they say, tell me who your friends are...
fresh, YES because he doesn't know what dept is in charge of
a college party animal taking over our nuclear arsenal from an MIT nuclear physicist..no worries
He has 3 priorities for DOE 1) Enhancing Domestic Production, 2) Securing nuclear assets, 3) Oopsie!
.@LindseyGrahamSC @GovernorPerry @ENERGY we're screwed
At least he has a lot less uranium to keep track of.
Very nice. Now do you suppose you & your bff @SenJohnMcCain can act like Republicans & start supporting @realDonaldTrump?
party before country?
that's so funnyyyyy!
the perspective of a guy with a degree in animal husbandry. Just what we need.  #ImpeachThePresident
DOH!
Dude, lay off the margaritas. They're impacting your judgement. 
#SessionsLied 
#SessionsMustResign
Dance lessons?
Oh my Senator, that Animal Husbandry degree will do well taking care of those nukes...
one devoid of any brains or experience.
that's nice. Now please ask Jeff Sessions to recuse himself. Thank you, Senator Graham.
I'm losing confidence in you on the daily, Mr. Graham.
Thank god we're draining those highly intelligent physicists out of the swamp.
And then didn't know that the job included the nuclear arsenal. He is utterly unqualified.
Yes bcuz DOE has been ran by pesky Nobel Prize winners for yrs. somebody well-versed in Wikipedia is better
now you know Perry thinks DOE requires a gun and a hunting license
The perspective of ignorance. That'll be very helpful.
Great!  Now call on Schumer to resign.  He owes it to America.
Seriously, he previously said he wanted to eliminate the department.
Pretty sure he thinks the Dept of Energy is the place where he learned to dance  for @DancingABC
nope he really won't he will kill anything to protect us and make deals ugh @gop crooks
so fresh he doesn't even know what the Department does!
Why do you applaud such unqualified people?  USA over GOP.  Work for ALL of us, please.
you might want to check in w him from time to time to make sure he is still running the place
He'll shut his mouth and do whatever the GOP tells him to do. #PartyBeforeCountry
He doesn't even know his job description
"Fresh perspective" is an understatement. LOL. Has he learned what the DOE does yet?
Any more words of support for Sessions post Comey meeting?
Like shutting it down completely because he thinks it is useless??
hope he brings some money so when Trump slashes the hell out of his budget, he can still afford food
...the Dept he wanted to get rid of.  That is scary.
#TexasSwampWater #FakeLeadership
not sure that oil, gas, and coal count as a "new perspective."
When will call for the release of Trump's taxes?
Very fresh - he recently learned what the job entails.
Your not kidding, when the guy didn't even know the scope of the position.
Indeed, since he wanted to eliminate it...
