Senator, you are a liar. Medicaid is not breaking this country. Defense spending is. Stop attacking others and start caring for Americans.
Stop tweeting and get to work
Did all those people in the wheelchairs really threaten you enough to throw them out of the hearing?
I watched.Is there an active,disabled Air Force Division that I missed?
I think the medical pre existing condition would make this child ineligible to serve in the Air Force.
I’m waiting for u to say all the sick people should serve in military,in order to save the healthy.
Hate...u inspire it.
Wasting your time.  Too many Republicans have already publicly announced they won't vote for it.
Too bad you didn't have the guts, nor the respect for American citizens, to stay and listen to the message of the protesters.
No one on these comments is cheering you on Senator. Everyone is disillusioned with your shameful money-chasing bill. It's NOT about health.
Watch my friends be devastated so rich people can gorge on their pain
Stalin held hearings with more transparency.
LISTEN! The American people demand affordable healthcare for all! #Medicare4all
Why would you put your name on the sorriest piece of legislation in history? Y'all delusional. Showcasing your lies, and your bribes.
That would be the 1 that was recessed to arrest protesting disabled folks who don't want u 2 kill them with ur bill, I guess
Fake hearing for fake healthcare. So fitting. You’re not even pretending to care. #KillTheBill @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins.
It's time to expand Medicare, and envision a more affordable future where everyone in the country is covered by Medicare.
One hearing sounds like a well thought out plan, a great way to govern, oh that's right reubs can't govern.
what, all 30 seconds of it? This travesty of a bill should NEVER have seen any sort of light of day #VoteNoGrahamCassidy #TrumpCare2Kills2
You mean, watch yu drag out disabled people cause u don't wanna hear protests ! #MuellerTime
How do you not understand that people who lose their lives without healthcare don't care about the budget? Rich donors = all you care about.
Tiny room. Really dumb idea.
Tell us what else UR indignant about, because it's going 2 be fun 2 remind U & @senategop 
#MedicareForAll 
#MedicareForAll
Cc: @SenateDems
Watched part of it. Your bill is a murderous piece of crap, and your arrogance and heartlessness won't be forgotten. #2018SwampDraining
I have lost what little respect I had for you @LindseyGrahamSC how you can push this "heath"care bill and live with yourself is beyond me
Why would anybody want to watch Senators humiliate themselves on C-SPAN!
SHAME!    SHAME!    SHAME!    SHAME!   
DOA...
https://twitter.com/BanditRandom/status/912396043802644481 …
I hope it fails.
Ever notice how much he talks but doesn't say anything...and tweets non stop
If you want to force a vote before the full CBO report is out and only have one hearing then you shouldn't have vote.
You mean folks dragged out on wheelchairs? Yeah..I saw it.
Sad and disappointed!
if you want to tackle medicare/Medicaid then deal with that as McCain suggested - this bill is Bull shi_ - hurts Americans
#medicare4all is the answer. The American people demand affordable healthcare for all.
What happened to speaking truth to power?
So disappointed in you, Mr Graham.
#KillerGraham #GrahamCassidyBill
I've been watching protesters being arrested. You are shameful! More should be spent on Medicaid than the military! Guess you're too worried
Pennsylvania loses 11billion ..do you care?..@SenToomey ..#howmanyotherstateslose
Listen to Senator McCain.  This process is all wrong Senator & u know it!  We want bipartisan solutions to healthcare! #CountryOverParty 
What,a farce
Puerto Rico is in dire need, and you are advocating to take away their healthcare.. SHAME!!  Have you no soul??? #GrahamCassidy
fuck you, you will only be remembered as a racist and a heartless sack of shit taking healthcare away
I pray this fails, you have no idea or you really don't care, the impact your bill passing will have on American lives.  Shame on you
Senator, can you please take a time out to urge Trump to do something, anything, for Puerto Rico
How many more people in wheel chairs are you going to drag out??
Give up your State's funding increase
used to respect  you @LindseyGrahamSC, but this healthcare bill is horrible. Why would you do that to the American people?
If Healthcare will take up so much of budget in the future, you better get started on reducing costs, now 2x other countries
How is taking healthcare away more important than dealing with the crisis in Puerto Rico right now?
Watch as you ROB healthcare from Republicans, Democrats, & #VETS? Then have them arrested too?
BREAKING: Senator Hatch orders Graham-Cassidy health care hearing to recess as protesters in wheelchairs are removed by authorities 
You horrible man


I am disgusted by watching what is happening. Those people being dragged out! This is on you! SHAME ON YOU PEOPLE WANT THEIR VOICE HEARD!
It's a farce. Hopefully .@SenJohnMcCain won't fall for this pretend regular order. Shameful.
#KillTheBill #shameonyou #voteoutrepublicans
NO DOCTORS OR HEALTHCARE PROVIDERS LIKE YOUR BILL EITHER! Don't just mention insurance companies.
Graham is as much of a traitor to this country and Americans as trump is.
Stop this bill now. It’s a disaster for us Americans
I can't listen to you  make a case to take away health care from mils of people that will kill them. You enjoy  health care  we buy for you.
A strange creator or creators first sends children, then expects them to have their brains sucked out and be poisoned in the womb.
They threw all visitors and press out. These guys are getting more and more arrogant...or fearful
You work for us, not th and koch bros. you bette remember that
@SenateFinance Call Finance Comm now to let them know how this bill will hurt U or someone U know. 202-224-4515. They ARE taking calls NOW.
No.
And your definitely not anything like your best friend John McCain
https://twitter.com/MEPFuller/status/912380145121538049 … @Rosie #MAGA
Wow. 
@SenateFinance CALL the Finance Comm now to voice how this bill will hurt u or someone u know. They ARE Taking calls right now 202-224-4515
Is this the one with 2 witnesses?  That’s a sham hearing.

Hey just wanna stop by and say that any prior respect I may have had for your criticism of trump is gone. Guess it was a facade. Fuck you.
YOU OUGHT TO BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF..
you no better than trump
You have lost your humanity.
The states are not ready to task healthcare...
Sound familiar??? Google it. You'll also learn why cutting social safety nets means so much to them. @AktionT4GrahamCassidyBill
MURDERER
I've lost all respect for you. Shame on you for putting your name on this evil bill.

This is insane. President Chirp? President Twerp? My hearing is going, and your hearing is not going well. #CassidyGraham
Sounded like chirp, but I'm going with Twerp.


The promise was better and less expensive. It's not. Vote no.

You're a coward go back in that room and listen to real people that your destructive bill impacts. Quit forcibly taking away Americans voice
F!CK YOU Lindsey. #resist https://twitter.com/mepfuller/status/912377705106169857 …
@LindseyGrahamSC Your legacy is getting in Nuremberg territory & I had admired your military life once.Wheelchair removal .for God sake STOP

Here are the cliff notes. It is very bad, and a dumb idea.
BE ASHAMED, SENATOR. YOU ARE OUT OF ORDER!!!
You suck.
What's wrong with you---this bill is ridiculous! Put your name on something else---like a statue of Dolly Madison!
Girl Bye
Why did you leave the hearing on YOUR OWN bill? Where is @GOPSenFinance? Shame! #GrahamCassidy
Great job w disabled being dragged out! If you vote to harm disabled Americans, you'll pay w very bad optics!

Protestors in wheelchairs being arrested again. Your career is so important that you will actively participate in the death of millions?
What is wrong with people like you?
No, thank you.  Watching you try to take healthcare from vulnerable Americans makes me too sad!
This Death Bill is appalling! If you think it's so great then you & others voting for it should have to use it!
Shame on you Mr. Graham.
We need affordable health care
Hopefully this bill will get rammed back up their asses!!
We want Medicare for ALL!!
Everyone can see what you all are doing--having peaceful wheelchair bound protesters hauled out of there by the police! You have no shame!
You are going down! I love MY senators Maizie Hirono and Brian Schatz! Unlike you they care about their constituents!
SHAME on you!
You sold your soul for so little.
THAT DOG WON'T HUNT Lindsey . LET IT BE . Move on and WORK WITH BOTH PARTIES !
Hope it doesn't pass!
You are having people in wheelchairs hauled out by the police! I'm watching it live on MSNBC! You make me sick!To hell with your Death Bill!
Expand Medicare for $70K or less, I could get behind that.
U are working against the wants and needs of the people of this country. Shame
We need to get rid of Obama care.
Please don't give up.
Get out of Healthcare
Still time to come to your senses and do the right thing -- return to regular order to improve healthcare for all Americans.
Shame on you! Use your own healthcare bill and let the public have yours. Ejecting handicapped people -so disgusting!
Your friend screwed ya
If the loud mouthed minority activist paid attention, they would see pre-existing is covered. Do nothing & AHC dies. Glad to see it go.
Watch,CNN TONIGHT! Bernie  Sanders health care explained, fuck all the Republican plans, they can't even agree after 7 yrs, the fools
Most those protestors were organized from Demo's, some were interviewed. Few knew any merits of the Bill. Sad!
Even MSNBC said they talked to some protestors there, and most Protestors were organized protestors.
A lot said they were flown in.
You better take a knee!
You are a disgrace to our country. #shameful #KochEmployee #unAmerican #sleazy
You have revealed yourself to be a dishonorable and heartless Human Being! What has happened to you? Have you sold your Honor and Compassion
As soon as we forcibly remove all these damn wheelchair bound protesters. Don't you just hate democracy?
Rethink what is being done to middle class america.
#KillTheBill
Most people hide their unethical, immoral behaviors, they don't ask people too watch. Shame on You! #SCB4CNN
Yes we are watching as U forcibly remove wheelchairs/handicapped people protesting! U cowards don't want to face real people! NO to ur Bill
Boot this Asshole out of office, they work for big PACs not American people.
Watching the lack of GOP leadership terrorizing so many citizens in the halls of our capital is disgraceful. This must stop 
I am watching. This is what you, tRump, and the @GOP have turned this country into. FU.
Shame on you, Lindsey Graham! By the people and for the people, you have forgotten! YOUR LAST TERM!
How many people's lives you you going to ruin?
I guess it's not about to begin. I hear there are a couple of people protesting ... maybe it's because your bill sucks.
Why dont you work on impeaching our deranged President
You represent PEOPLE not $$$$. You are killing PEOPLE.
How can you put your name to this cruel farce of a bill? One point of many: my governor & legislators are incompetent.
I trust local Republicans to administer healthcare just like they do our schools and roads.  Which is to say BADLY
Study ranks SC as third worst in the nation for teachers http://twib.in/l/yEAGXAyjrRab  
And tenth on poverty BUT HE REFUSESto raise wages ! He got 1 tho!GREASED PALM W/$$
So your going to give extra dollars to Maine and Alaska? What about the rest of the states Senator?
I will say this again.Hope that YOU and Cassidy get SLAMMED on that CRAP U call a healthcare bill. U should be ASHAMED I know VETS ARE of U!
Shame on you!!!!! Stripping ppl w/disabilities of medicaid is exactly what I saw 2day Hill police pulling Protestors from wheelchair. Shame!
We bailed out large banks, is that what it would take with insurance companies to do their job? Did any insurance CEOs not get bonuses?
Dragging out disabled people sick
KILL THE BILL!!!!!!
People are in dire need in #PuertoRico STILL
#GrahamCassidy repeals and replaces peoples lives with money in the pockets of the corrupt
CSpan is awesome love watching the protests
How does it feel to be so hated by a majority of Americans?
What a coward you http://are.You  can't face people impacted by your vile bill but you can spend your time kissing big donors' asses
Everyone seem's happy NOT
Sellout. U sold ur soul 4  &  an orange Nazi's pat on the head.#VoteNoGrahamCassidy #GrahamCasiddy @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins #resist
 all I hear is the hundreds of people against this shit bill. Shame on you trying to pass this piece of crap
SHAME
Shameful, Senator, shameful.
#KillTheBill Worst one yet.
You should be arrested for attempting to bribe US Senators @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins
Blow me!
So disappointed in LG.  Thought he was better than that. Turns out just another unscrupulous republican politician beholden to his donors
You should be ashamed of yourself.

SHAME ON YOU. This is not a healthcare bill it's a GOP Koch Brothers payoff, to the cost of selling out ALL AMERICANS at $12.50/ life.
Yeah, I saw you slither into the hearing room while the people whose lives you're trying to destroy called you out.
Did you go into public service to have people - rightly - shout "shame" at you? Please reflect on what you are trying to do.
Live in a "CLOSET" never finding "the right ..'Girl'' ??!  Bahahaha COME OUT LINLIN
No cuts to Medicaid!!
Why are you doing this?
Let the lying commence!
Your table is a fraud. Lying is your strategy? How CONSERVATIVE! @JoeNBC @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorCollins
@SenateFinance You don't think it is important to make room for the people you work for? What are you hiding? Lies?
Inside the Graham-Cassidy hearing room the vast majority of public seats have been taken out & replaced w/ spaciously arranged press seats 
He hadn't even ANSWERED HIS PHONE SINCE1/21! RAN LIKE A GIRL IN GVL THIS WEEK TOO!NO QUESTIONS!
Call the committee now--they are answering & recvng lots o calls!  202-224-4515
haha lololol your stupid healthcare bill is going nowhere you two face back stabbing traitor
Does your coverage include nuclear burns?
No that will be cash only
Good God, I'll I Hear is people wanting to #KillTheBill


Take the Senate salaries to pay for more coverage for real working families.


I hope God sees what you're doing. You should go home & weep for how abjectly soulless you are & how you're killing ppl for $. Real eyes see
Ur legacy will be tied to this horrible legislation. Stay in ur lane Sir
THIS BILL THAT IS AN ASSAULT ON THE CHILDREN, SICK AND ELDERLY
