I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal & Replace.

Still no #CBOscore, but nonpartisan @BrookingsInst says these terrible numbers are a best-case scenario under #Trumpcare. 
Retweeting @SenSchumer! lol   #FakeNews #FridayBriefing  #liberalism
Your competition theory is the biggest lie ever!!! We no longer believe you!!! ONE PAYER NOW!!
Pre-existing conditions aren't covered, but how about steroids?
Republicans are such liars!!!
Dear Lindsey, 
While you were pushing this bill of your's you derided single payer. Why would you be against something that has lower..
Costs, better outcomes, higher standards of care, more doctors per capita, etc than any other heathcare system? The US lags behind other...
countries with single payer on all of these fronts. It's been proven worldwide to work better. So why are you against it? Canada,  UK,...
Australia, the countries closest to us in everyway have single payer systems and their heathcare is better than our's. What is your excuse..
Do you not like proof?
Are you against empirical evidence?
I'd love to read your defense. Hell Medicare is single payer & its popular AF.
No, Graham-Cassidy doesn’t protect coverage for pre-existing conditions https://www.factopolis.com/claims/graham-cassidy-protects-coverage-for-pre-existing-conditions/ …
Pretty sad, trying to show @realDonaldTrump that your his lapdog? Your legacy will be failure after failure. Just like his. @CitizensFedUp
Ah do so admire Missy Lindsey's shit eatin' Southern smile.
None of you ever answered if Pre Existing coverage will be affordable/attainable. That's not Fake, you are!
No, what is fake news is you & @BillCassidy, along w/ @GOP spreading lies that hurt so many. I am old enough to know how this crap works.
Lying by omission...What you aren't saying is that most Americans will not be able to afford coverage with pre-existing conditions!
Have you no decency left? How can you call yourself a Christian? #NoDeathCare #NoGrahamCassidy #SaveACA
You're a damn liar.
At the very least.
if the bills great,  than you & your family use it for your healthcare!
PP is funded in the bill. Yes voters will be blamed for unborn babies who will die if it pssses. Blood on your hands! #UnitedforFreedom
You may be a wonderful person Sir. But your are misinformed on the repercussions on sick and elderly. The bill doesn't reflect our values.
Did the dotard steal your phone?
I always thought you were better than this. Don't prove me wrong with these falsehoods.
Ok then - can you guarantee that someone with a pre-existing condition earning a minimum wage  will be able to afford healthcare?
He can guarantee it, sure. The guarantee won't be worth shit, but at least you'll have one.
LIAR!
#FakeSenators You're suppose represent constituents, not corps&lobbyist.Maybe McCain can tell u how democratic process wrks
I thought you were leaving it to the States to decide? You can't guarantee it then. Can't have it both ways.
Let's see a CBO score, then.
BIG: The American Academy of Actuaries sums up Graham-Cassidy like this . . .

Full letter here 2/

…
1. How have not read your bill?
2.  Calling something Fake Fake news at this point is lame.
3. Saying something is on steroids is worse.
Then why not let CBO report on it? Prove it.
There is a BIG PROBLEM when you introduce a bill one week & vote on it the next..not letting it go thru hearings & CBO score. You DISGUST me
If it's such a good plan, then what is the rush? Why aren't you waiting for the CBO score & you criticized Obama for rushing thru in a YEAR
If you're so confident this is great for Americans, wait for #CBO to prove it. If it is so great it will get 60 votes.
It's not. You know it
If it's so great, why not require Congress to be on it? Makes sense. But they're exempt. And we're paying
If Lindsey thinks his plan is so good, Congress should have to use it too.
MOC should also have to have genuine town hall meetings with their constituents before the vote.
You tried to bribe Alaska with #ACA for a yes vote. That means #ACA is better than #GrahamCassidy . You are a liar that is owned by Koch
Sad.
liar.
It allows states to opt out of pre-existing condition coverage.
Oh, and thanks for giving us Heller's seat. Keep mentioning his sponsorship, ya hear?
659 likes - @SenJohnMcCain has received THOUSANDS of likes after he spoke in favor of saving AMERICAN LIVES - Do donors OWN YOU? Kochs OWN U
You like all elected officials that use their official position to FLAT OUT AND OUT LIE to the American people should be arrested and jailed
Really? Going for the FN # are we? Your bill sucks Lindsey. BTW change that 1st name of yours. It’s girly. OK. We’re even.
If you can issue waivers for merely intending to cover pre-existing conditions, then coverage is NOT guaranteed. Read your own bill.
Have you even READ the bill? If you did, you would know you speak mistruths.
This is another travesty. Stop shoving this garbage down our throats! Repeal ONLY! #UnitedForFreedom
Shame on you.
Are you saying Sen Collins is fake news?!
Well open the bill to public, and let CBO critique it before it goes to a vote.

Stop lying - even Blue Cross says
Please stop the nonsense Senator. You're better than that. Get over ObamaCare and move on to something else.

Big: GOP Senator Susan Collins confirms Graham-Cassidy would gut protections for pre-existing conditions:

http://www.pressherald.com/2017/09/22/collins-says-shes-leaning-against-voting-for-graham-cassidy-health-care-bill/ … 
Liers!!
Sometimes you seem entirely devoid of empathy.
Why are you advocating hurting so many people? All for principle of repeal. Shameful!
Stop lying. You are leaving it up to insurance companies to choose yes or no on pre-existing conditions.
You're a terrible person
This is a pants on fire lie. You do realize that all 50 state Medicaid directors have come out AGAINST your horrible bill, right? #You suck.
liar.
I thought you had a modicum of integrity, now I know you are a liar.  You are doing this for your money donors. Don't pretend for the people
*steroids not covered under new plan
u really thing ppl r that dumb?have u no shame?if there is hell,ur chamber's pre-heated&VIP package on its way via AirMail.
#FakeNews now translates to "Truth I'm not intelligent enough to comprehend."
Jesus wants you to stop lying
Unfortunately our gov is populated by #liars like you and the president who put profits & the needs of the rich before citizens. #truth
come say this to my face you liar.
It doesn't matter if it covers your illness, if you can't afford the coverage.
#thanksfortryingtokillmeagain
You are a lair....shame on you...
Why did all 50 bipartisan state Medicaid directors come out AGAINST this bill? #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid #NoGrahamCassidy
If your bill were so great why do you have to use such subterfuge to attempt to pass it?
Besides being a liar you're a coward for trying to railroad #GrahamCassidy through without a CBO score.

Let's states opt out Lindsey. Speak the whole truth please!
YOU LIE!

Sure you cover pre-existing conditions - for MILLIONAIRES who can afford the exorbitant fees.  You're killing people.  #GRAHAMCASSIDYLIES

All you God fearin' Christians of the family values party just can't stop lying. The love of money is the root of all evil. GOP proves it.
Why are US health care costs so high ? Maybe Insurance companies make too much money. Too many hands in the cookie jar ? #GrahamCassidy

Technically right , practically impossible. Pre-Obamacare was not offered. Post-Obamacare it will be available at stratostropic costs. #SAD
.@LindseyGrahamSC you are supposed to be a man of God.  How do you sleep at night?  Seriously, how do you live with yourself?
I hope you ALL have 2 B in th sme cell block w 45!  U ALL deserve that!  Having to listen to him berate U afr helping him. Karma is a BITCH!
@realDonaldTrump bad bill #repeal #unitedforfreedom thank you!
You quote a liar to prove you are not a liar? Insanity.
You are either lying or you do not understand Acctuarial Principles. You are wrong. This is not you expertise. Listen to industry!
Fraud
Liar.
Liar. How can you live with yourself?
Another lie. Any governor can kill pre existing conditions requirements with a phonecall.
Just stop with this "fake news" shit whenever it's something you don't like. Act like an adult FFS
I’m calling bullshit.
Graham is the lowest scum on the hill behind Ryan and Mitch's!
Liar liar!!!  Call me, I'll have my 8 year old explain to you what a lie is.. AO
Liars!!!
You are lying. Stop lying to your constituents and the American public.
This is a lie. Have you no shame?  Even at this point in your life a tax break is more important than the lives of millions? #FakeHumanity
You can talk a good game and do NOTHING!
You are telling at best half truths and damn well know it. Yes, people still have access, but states can and will allow raising of rates.
And what good is access if those with pre-existing conditions can't afford it or can and the plan covers none of their needs?
wow; You're an even lamer liar than i thought.  #traitor, #coward
Sen Lindsey Graham having angry tantrum at reporters asking if his bill removes requirement for preexisting conditions. Leaves it to states
to decide. Most red states governors will happily screw their citizens as always and find a way to give money to their corporate donors
Shame on you Sen Graham. You have become as big a liar as Trump. You have no honor sir and you have lost all respect of Americans #shameful
I used to have a measure of respect for you, @LindseyGrahamSC. After this jihad of yours against the American public, I no longer do.
You know your claim is an outright lie.  Have you no shame whatsoever?
No, it's not. Lying by omission is still lying. It allows states to decide - and many will drop that provision.

Under this bill, people with metastatic cancer will pay $142,650 more a year to get coverage.

That is not reform. That is a death sentence. https://twitter.com/CAP_Health/status/909838219809820672 …
You are fake news. Yes you cover pre existing conditions. But it costs an arm and a leg!!!

Got a preexisting condition? Here's how much extra you'll pay under #GrahamCassidy. https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/09/18/439091/graham-cassidy-aca-repeal-bill-cause-huge-premium-increases-people-pre-existing-conditions/ … 
Sometimes Sir a liar is nothing more than a liar. You Sir, are a Liar... nothing more.
Because if Donald Trump says it, it must be true?!  HAH!  We're going to remember you for this one, L. Graham. People will die.
You & your GOP goons are the FAKE NEWS on steroids.
Stop your incessant lying traitor.
Why do you want to murder millions of Americans?
Cool. I can just assume that the entire delegation that represents me in Congress has no integrity then?
Why would a lawmaker lie about something so confirmably false? This is an act of desperation. You have to know this will backfire badly.
Ha...another lame job. ...you should rethink what actual skills you have
C'mon son!  Even worse than taking health care from the sick is taking it and lying to their faces about it.
So @LindseyGrahamSC 'fake news' means a true & fair statement that you find uncomfortable. You learned that from another devious dotard,
Seriously? Irony much?
Liar. Why don't you get @jimmykimmel to explain it to you. He's more informed than you are & has more credibility.
The Dotardation is strong with the GOP #DeplorableDotards #Dotard
Lies, lies and yet more lies. You should resign or retire
I don't see much difference between you killing people and you giving governors the right to kill people.
@LindseyGrahamSC When future historians report on the # of ppl who will die if this goes through, that's how you'll be remembered. #VoteNo
2/2 ACA said about PE conditions?  you don't want to because you want there to be wiggle room.
@LindseyGrahamSC - do you want your legacy to be one of greed, cynicism, and selfishness? Do the right thing. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
either  you are lying or you don't understand your own damn bill.   Why don't u change your wording to say exactly what
So ... you didn't read the bill with your name on it? @LindseyGrahamSC - do what's right for your constituents. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
I wish a republican wouldn’t just deny this, but instead try to explain *why* they think this bill would guarantee pre-existing conditions.
Since I have had a "completed pregnancy" (your words) I have to pay $17,320. That is NOT affordable. Being female is pre-existing! You lie.
It doesn't guarantee coverage. We know how to read and we read it.
We know the Koch brothers & Addy are making you do this! Or are you really this heartless? I'll take door #2. #HeartlessGOP
CAPPING MEDICAID SPENDING ON INDIVIDUALS IS TAKING AWAY HEALTH CARE FROM SICK PEOPLE. You are either a liar or shouldn't be writing bills
This will be your legacy. 36 million ppl losing their healthcare, 3 million jobless will be on you and if the economy crashes, that's on you
Stick to ur lane. We know its about tax cut for the rich and ur rich political donors keeping u in congress.
That #GrahamCassidy is a health care bill is #FakeNews. It's the same old #Trumpcare only worse. Your donors are making you sweat, right?
50 state Medicaid directors say your  life killing bill sucks. You are a liar.
And for the love of fuck, quit with the fake news. If makes you sounds like a whiny child caught in a lie.
Just when I was starting to like you. Why would you push to literally kill people in order to give a tax cut to the rich? How is that a win?
The fact that he hashtagged fake news did it for me.
Covering does not mean a paragraph stating the people with pre-existing conditions are fucked, you ass.
Prove it!
That's not what AARP says

At risk of sending you to your fainting couch, that's a lie and growing # of insurance/hospital/patient/medical opposing it are proving that

Your "Bullet or Poison" analogy from ages ago when you were being so hip are more accurate.
Is @LindseyGrahamSC going to GUARANTEE that KY will require ins to cover pre-existing conditions at affordable prices?? No, he won't!
Why don’t you respond to anyone who has proven your bill to be a lie and total contradiction of what you say it is.
You're lying, Senator. Call 1-866-665-4470. It takes minutes to talk to both of your senators. #noGrahamCassidy
You, Trump & Cassidy are evil liars who don't give a damn about how many people you will kill to get paid off by monstrous Koch bros.
FALSE - your statement in this tweet is a damn bald-faced lie, Graham.
Dude, you're on the wrong side of history rn and people will remember you for it. Do better.
clueless lying & delusional, preexisting conditions states opt out & with no $ limits/controls skyrocket insurance unaffordable by all
How can you lie so brazenly?  Do you have any idea how many peoples lives will be ruined by your horrible legislation? Stop it!!
single payer healthcare is the only solution
How can you lie like this? It's in the text of the bill that the states get to make the choice. Shame on you.
Then stop cramming it through with no proper process. You are derelict in your oath.
Republicans and Democrats get together and work on the health bill and get it right this time for all the people. Make us proud of you all.
This bills no better than the recent bill that didn't pass. It is a death sentence. This is another bad bill. Get with the Democrats&do it.
@realDonaldTrump Lying stacks of excrement.  May they both rot in hell for their despicable actions.
Adequate & Affordable? Who's definition R U using for those 2 words Senator? Frankly, your word means NOTHING! Do U need donor $ that bigly?
Senator - why are you and so many @GOP selling out ?  So disappointed in You.  #notaliberalsnowflake #listentoamericans
2/2 time to get real.  you're out of touch with middle America. But then, you have good govt-sponsored healthcare, right?
Don't play that "fake news" game. Hold hearings so we can see the truth.
sure, it allows access to policies for those with such conditions, but at annual premiums that are more than salary! 1/2
Jesus Christ, man--if the premiums are so high to cover pre-existing conditions, then it's meaningless. We expect better of you. Unbelievabl
Yeah, all these organizations are lying and you are the honest guy-that's laughable. You guys need $ for tax breaks for rich-we're onto you.
Might as well delete this not going to age well... says it in black and white, you old, dumb, lying, racist Fuck!
You know that's not true..... And now you are quoting @realDonaldTrump 
Gross.
LIAR by omission! States can still make exclusions!
You are a Koch Brothers grifter, Senator. No one will believe you ever again.
AARP is NOT Fake News. What is WRONG WITH YOU. People will die. #Shame
