Did you really go that low? Shame
@Volker_Beck, spannend was dein policy advisor @Aras_Nathan retweetet..neue rechte Allianzen wenn antisem. mit antizion. gleichgesetzt wird
Antizionismus ist eine Form des Antisemitismus. Tut mir leid wenn dich das überrascht hat
d.h. viele Jüden und manche Israelis sind antisemiten?
Wenn du zu dem Thema mehr wissen willst: http://www.salzborn.de/txt/2013_Kirche-und-Israel.pdf …
Antideutsche prosa ist widersprüchlich. Dann wären viele Jüden Antisemiten etc. Lies doch bitte was zum Thema Settler-Colonialism
„Linker Antisemitismus“ im Visier –
Do not vote for Scott Garrett
Do not vote for Scott Garrett
Your ass kissing abilities are almost there Graham. I’m sure your president is proud of you.

This video of Trump in Russia needs to break the internet

It's clear-cut #TrumpRussia evidence from his own…
Trump isn't standing up to anyone, he's bent over for Putin. Donnie is shown he is stupid & cowardly.  #ImpeachTrump
You are so wishy washy. 
President Obama was one of this country's greatest Presidents, Trump is a criminal, and a Nazi boot licker.
The WILL to bomb cave people on the other side of the planet while the country is $19 trillion in debt is not something to be admired.
These cave ppl once sat together & brought down our our twin towers with thousands of our ppl in it. Your BHO added 9 Trillion to the debt.
When did I gain ownership of BHO? BTW it wasn't Afghans but Saudis who did 9/11, people we still do business & allow immigration with.
Doesn't matter who did the act it was done and planned in by those cave ppl led by bin laden. You gained ownership bc he is your guy.

When you spread Islamophobia, you are Putin's tool.
both of you are #WarCriminals what about the children the USA is killing in #yemen ?
Really! Cheap!!!
BS. Trump didnt say anything different than what is happening.  Besides to say he will not tell us what he is going to do.
Pres. Obama did a good job.  At least America could sleep at night without the fear of our country being torn apart or destroyed.  No more.
He's not showing anything. He's reading a speech and has no idea what it all means. So much for knowing more than the generals.
What even, Lindsey. I see they've managed to bring you back in line. Sad!
By becoming lap dogs of Saudi Arabia? The home of Wahabism and ISIS ideology? Yeah. Good luck with that. Morons. #SameOldSameOld
Oh ffs. Enough koolaid for you, @LindseyGrahamSC
@realDonaldTrump is a FAKE President who lies through his teeth.  Why do you support him?
Like Osama Bin Laden?
Obama looks way better in a suite than you because he killed Bin Laden and you are a loser.
Oh god you are such an apologist. I get you are a hawk, but you dont have to bend over backwards. He will still come after you.
Why exactly do you hate Obama so much?  It makes no sense. Then you compliment this Trump clown. Is it always so black and white for you?
That's funny because Obama ordered more drone strikes and killed more terrorists with drones than the last 3 presidents combined
Man, do you lose your credibility with tweets like this.
worst "wait for it" in history
Oh shuddup Lindsey. He just poked Pakistan and slapped them in the face with India.
He just has to open his mouth every so often, even if it's pure nonsense that comes out.
Oh hi Lindsey
@LindseyGrahamSC you're a sick, twisted indiv. You'll let Trump destroy the USA then dance in the ashes. How much were you paid? Traitor.
Filth.
I thought you were above the name calling. Now you are no better than your president. Classless.
Completely unnecessary slam on Obama, unless you are trying to make points with the deranged. Who's bat-shit crazy now?
Had to get the last line in. No class
Oh Lindsey
Had high hopes for you. Thought you were actually thinking about country's welfare. Aligning w/the liar-in-chief? Cannot support you.
going really low  tonight Lindsey.
Are you lacking any memory? Obama killed bin laden wth are you talking about the clown in wh has no idea what he is doing stop pretending
But he won't stand up to white supremacist in his own country  hes such a looser  @POTUS
Come on Lindsey.  He didn't say or do anything new.  He's just taking to hear himself talk.  You know that.
You are an enabler.History will not be kind.
Really but he hesitate to condemned & make a stand against white supremasits in the country that he "lead" so spare me the bull crap
Nothing like a mentally ill #potus running our country. Glad we can count on u senator. #partybeforecountry
Well, you've gone back to being a warmongering tool.
I know ! @lindseygrahamsc He really is Trump's War stooge isn't he? doesn't occur to him we don't want Trump running a war as he is NUTS
Putin stooge too. Took money from pacs funded by Russia
yes he did.
Let's talk about how Trump was able to read from a teleprompter, instead of focusing on the fact that Tillerson worked with Putin illegally.

2 Months after Obama signed a Sanctions, Tillerson made an illegal deal with Rosneft in Texas. #TrumpRussia https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/CivPen/Documents/20170720_exxonmobil.pdf … 
Glad u bring that up...Rexxon also involved calming Qatar spat after big saudi trip. IMO middle east visit was to make Roseneft deal ...
This thread - and jared retaliated against qatar w/trumps blessing.still nada from MSM
Qatar ended up taking last minute deal w/Roseneft and 19.5% deal in dossier 
Psalm 37:39
But the #salvation of the #righteous is from the #Lord; He is their #strength in the #time of #trouble.
Ugh.
Lindsey Lindsey Lindsey ..it's ok 2 be a big boy & disagree with Daddy...especially if Daddy is a bonafide clueless nutjob. Be a man 4 once!
Osama bin Who? #RIP
And you know Donald Trump hates you, right?
Really?? Really?? Just when I had hoped you really had found your spine again, this faint praise for a failed @POTUS just sucks 
Stay classy, Senator Ham Biscuits.
Yes Trump sending 4,000 additional troops to Afghanistan is much tougher than the measly 70,000 Obama deployed.
How about taking care of the Domestic Terrorism problem? Neo Nazis marching in the streets, killing people. Talk about leading "from behind"
LOL! Good thing Lil' Miss Blanche can get her house boy to tweet so she doesn't have to get up off her knees.
Houseboy's name is honeybee 
LOL! Blanche does love her honeydew!
President Obama hunted and had Bin Laden killed. Unlike you, he didn't need to pander to a man baby.
I did know how many Hate filled Liberals there were in America. Islam, ANTIFA, and Liberal Socialist Democrats same Ideology same agenda.
It's not like President Obama had Osama Bin Laden killed or something, right?
Obama created ISIS. That is all real Americans need to know.
Why would Obama stand up to radical Islam, when he represented appeasement and apologist platforms?
Where is Osama Bin Laden? .. tell me you spineless trunt
But rolls over on Radical Christian terrorists.
Lindsay, sometimes you say the most ignorant things.  Your support for this idiot-in-chief is embarrassing.

Really?? I just threw up on my phone.
Killing two Muslim leaders  isn't enough I guess and droning Thousands means nothing yetTrump running his mouth is sooo effective.
Why the puerile cheap shot? History will describe sycophants to this administration as treasonous. Stand up for the good of the many or sit.
All Trump's idiocy and it only took him reading one speech without going off the rails to make you think him competent?  #Gullible
Whenever trump reads a TelePrompTer people praise him and then he goes off on his own and we realize he's crazy.
Trump reads a teleprompter like a nervous 5th grader who wets himself during a Current Events presentation.
For big words like Afghanistan, he says "AF...GHAN...I...STAN" Yeah! He PRONOUNCED the BIG word. 
For someone who is studying special education, you sure are mean spirited. I always respected people in that line of work, not u though. Sad
As long as security is in the room to restrain, just in case they get violent, my kids could do a better job than Trump & are more stable.
Yawn
I love that b/c he has a valid reason with actual, fair-minded opinions, you have to resort to childish comments like "yawn" -- I've met...
Well said!
If your country ass flip flopped any more than you've done in 6 months, you'd be unconscious.
I heard the president's speech & heard his rebrand of Obama's strategy as "Principled Realism" with added threat to Pakistan as flourish. ??
Lindsey's Just Another Old White Supremacist Who Doesn't Look At Facts Or Previous Events. What Year Did Obama&Hillary Take Out Bin Laden??
Did you ask Osama Bin Laden about Obama standing up to terrorists?  Oh yeah, you can't because he's dead.
If only Pres Obama had stepped up drone attacks against terrorist leaders.  Oh wait, he did.  Many more drone strikes than Bush W.
Hey what about radical Christian white supremacist attacks on American soil
You know I start to like you and then you say shit to show you would rather suck trumps tiny weener than prove you have balls
Man, you do more flips than a cook at IHOP
Yo boys, it was never necessary to compare Obama to Bush to make O look better. Too bad you have to do it for Trump.

Do u have any balls?
I wonder how history will remember tRump and how history wii remember the president who brought America out of the great recession
Get behind @realDonaldTrump Lindsey and lock your heels into the ground. #MAGA
Ridiculous, time $ and lives being spent without results in Afghanistan . Syria, he bombs runway and no planes with 98Tomahawks. Useless
Because he stumbled with words on a Teleprompter, reading what others wrote for him? R u serious? It was pathetic.
Lindsey why are you so thirsty to appease Donald. Trump is crazy and you know it. Cut the crap. U are scared he will attack U in a speech.
Now condemn Antifa too.
#CompleteRepealOfObamacare 
#LowerTaxes 
#BuildTheWall 
#EndSantuaryCities
Stand up for the President grow a spine
Shameful. There is not ONE thing he said s doing diff than OBAMA. We have This Frankenstein in WH becuz GOP like you just lie.
How absolutely absurd to assert that we are saver under Trump than Obama. Truly insane. Stop with the nonsense, Senator!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC #tellyourstorywalking
there's ole @LindseyGrahamSC! criticize, forget, kiss-up. you are such a hack
tell us about Trumpghazi Yemen Graham he did a great job there killing a five year old girl and a Navy Seal
Oh please Lindsey. Just ask Bin Laden his perspective.
The policies are the same. What are you talking about? Oh, yeah, just pro Trump rhetoric. I thought you were smarter than this.
Oh Lindsey.  Just when I was gaining some respect for you, "there you go again" as Reagan would say.
He killed Bin laden!!
Trump is a disgrace. Enough said. The world is laughing at the U.S.
So basically the party has thrown in the towel and we all gone ride this bomb to ground, huh?Strangelove you both show the American ppl Sad
Can we ask Osama Bin Laden for his opinion on your comment?
I'd like to see Trump stand up to Russia; Or the white supremacists. Obama took down bin Laden. What's Trump done other than talk?
Obama increased troop levels in Afghanistan by 100k .. trump increased it by 4K so...
And unfortunately American lives will be lost because of his ignorance and incompetence. #TrumpResign
Hey Lindsey, remember when Obama's orders put these and ~30,000 other terrorists in the grave?
Of course you don't. You have selective memory that favors your party and further misinforms your "poorly educated" base.
Shame shame shame on you @LindsayGrahamSC. You were doing better, but just had to return to the swamp, hmm?
I wonder what Osama has to say about this...oh yeah...
Just because you speak nonsense into being does not make it true. Tell me you don't believe your own lies. I fear for your sanity.
Stop it. He read a written speech from a TelePrompTer. Yesterday in Phoenix he was back to being insane.
Osama.
Bin.
Laden?
You are done.  The only things you stand for are war and obama bashing.
Pretty sure myself and a few thousand other reservists were activated for a troop surge in Afghanistan.
Obama still looks better than you, don't you agree?
You forgot Trump standing up for The KKK!
Oh, that's ridiculous. Trump is all macho posturing, blowing whichever way the wind takes him. Why do you feel the need to flatter him?
No. No Lindsay stop the bullshit lies. Ask Donnie what's in it for him. $$$
Didn't @GOP complain Obama authorized too many drone strikes at terrorists? Stop with the political BS. You're normally better than that.
Your argument is invalid the moment u mention Obama. Why all the animosity still? Did the Reps make it easy on him?
Back to bootlicking now that the war talk's starting? Just stop.
You need to put a sock in your gob.  Have you had your political arm twisted?
I thought you were the smart one
It's about time someone said it!!!!
also how do tRump's balls taste?

You,sir, are a bag of hot air. Show a glimmer of sense about Trump & GOP 1 day, toe the GOP line the next. Keep it to yourself. #wussy
DT's speech soundly more like an attempt to extort payments from Pakistan, India & Afghanistan. Is that who we've become bully,not defender?
Just when I was beginning to think you might have some integrity, you go and say sometime stupid liked this comment.
Just when I think I might be able to stand you, you do something stupid like attacking Pres Obama. Do you need points with your dear leader?
Don't be too hard on yourself. We're all feeling whiplash.
LOL, u can only dream of having a GOP POTUS like Obama. You guys are like a mom with a bad son, "He's really a good boy, give him a chance"
@POTUS44 had Bin Laden whacked, decimated #AlQaeda leadership, and bombed the hell out of #ISIS. So, please stop lying. #liar #resign
What happened to all that America first crap?
Sure sure sing out Louise.
What a stupid lie.
He wants to continue to fight the neocon wars that you support. Yea The wars that are bankrupting our nation.
Oh Lindsey. Did he promise you a nice shiny tank?
He showed hes a hypocrite ahole to everyone else! Another1 of the stupid promises ,his idiots thought would happen, bites the dust AGAIN lol
Are you fucking kidding?????????????????????
No senator that's a lie! What's wrong with you? You know he's unfit for the office and taking shots at Obama will NOT change that!
Graham, r u under some sort of pressure? Cuz once ur n the #trumpcouldtakeadumponmydesk (or country) & I will defend it club, ur in it 4eva.
@LindseyGrahamSC Please don't add gratuitous throwaway insults toward our previous excellent president. How can you support 45 re anything?
Wonder what Osama Bin Laden has to say about that..
You all are a national disaster you are an embarrassment to the U.S. remember Lindsey you will drown with traitor trump can't wait lmao
What do you think Obama is doing here?  Watching "Two Broke Girls?"
He won't even stand up to his fellow home-grown Radical Christian White Supremacists.  $ & minerals in Afghanistan.  GTFOHWTBS.
This trumps that:
What did you promise US people? #Sad #Weak cause the radicals are pumping money to ur #SuperPacs ... #Focus on reality
Keep making a fool of yourself.
#LindseyGraham and #Rubio got into the #Trump lemonade today ... The General's have the will to stand up against ALL terrorists, not trump
And when are you going to stand up to his crazy ass?
So...how's Bin Laden doing?
Pretty much sounds like the same plan Obama had. He reads from a promoter in a robotic speech and now he's Presidential?
I could call it something else. Him listening to the swamp. For once I agree with Bannon. Actually twice: he called Ivanka/Jared evil
PS will you folks find the will to create a new AUMF?
Got every time this guy talks all I smell is bullshit. That's like he farts out his mouth into trumps mouth.

Just when I thought you had some balls and credibility. You KNOW this is BS. now you are brown nosing the #SexualPredator
Is he sending in the nazis?
Obama got Osama bin Laden. #Republicans failed for 8 years to do that
