Here's an idea..how about a bi-part group to review ACA and recommend changes? Isn't that how Congress is supposed to work?
The GOP has no desire or inclination to work with anyone but themselves and their Corp bagmen.
I've held out hope that @LindseyGrahamSC would see things better than that, but after this statement, i'm losing that hope
Hopefully this hateful party will be decimated because of all this Russian stuff.
there's a place for a conservative party in the usa, just not in its current form...
or--or--you could-and hear me out here--propose an actual bill and maybe try to gather support. It's called "leadership"!
Divisiveness & blaming others is unflattering. Forcing a collapse & calling it someone else's problem is unhelpful...
Do you have a soul?
You're not a nice man.
Problem is you have no replace because ACA was GOP plan. How about you actually fund it and fix it?
Why do you think I don't deserve health insurance? I would truly like to know. #carenotchaos
You want people to suffer? How about do your job and work towards a solution?
openly admitting to working to screw Americans to win some pts back after embarrassing defeat. #GOPathetic
you guys just won't be happy until Americans are suffering will you?
what is wrong with you? And you're one of the more normal ones. #SaveACA #IndependentCommission #HealthCareForAll
true maybe I should have said not as insane as the others.
so you just admitted you're personally wishing for the American healthcare system to fail. Hope your constituents see that.
that quite frankly is Un-American, Senator.
Shame on you. I expected better than this. Are you still worried about Russia, or are you over that now?
It's your job, sir, to make things better, not worse. Where is your Christian heart?
So you actively promote breaking law, destroying a bill -- that your constituents support? Party over US breeds corruption.
"I love dead kids." - Lindsey Graham, March 24, 2017.
Glad to see how little millions of Americans' lives mean to you. People just trying to survive. Should I plan my funeral?
SERIOSLY! Have U learned nothing? GOP wnts 2 B prty - KILLng Americans? Or, EXPAND care 4 HEALTHY Americans? Remember 2018
Why don't you want Americans to have good healthcare, the same as you have? Do you care about American citizens?
so GOP will sabotage ACA and people will die in process? Sounds like a terroristic threat t
.@LindseyGrahamSC Well aren't you just oh, so compassionate.
so you still want people to lose their health care.  And you think you are a moral person?
The US does not need folks like you in office. 
I thought you were a good man but I was wrong.

 Shame on you.
Any public official who promotes collapse of the ACA isn't fit to serve. #TimeToRetire
Fixing what is broken sounds much easier than wishing it to fail to replace it with BS. ACA is not as broke as you think.
So, your plan is to let people suffer. Got it.
Why would you want the healthcare system to collapse? Wouldn't you want a bridge that gets to better?
You were a disappointment when I was your constituent. Now, you're an embarrassment stain for South Carolinians everywhere
Next move on administration #ConvictAndReplace
Here's a thought. FIX the ACA. Or, just strap on a pair & speak your truth. You don't want it to say OBAMA care!
Why do you want to kill & bankrupt people? Fix the ACA. There is more right with it than wrong with it.
really Lindsey? you pay any attention the end of week after your Prez went under investigation for #TrumpRussiaCollusion
So disappointed.  You've been the rational one.  Shame on you.
Great, so y'all are gonna sabotage it, like you've been trying to do for the last 7 years.
The GOP is more of a threat to American lives than ISIS.
Obamacare was the heritage foundation's idea, for crying out loud
You want to do the fiscally sound thing, then WORK TO GET US SINGLE PAYER, so we don't need to pay insurance companies
Real compassionate conservatism.
Wow. You want Americans to suffer. I hope the people of SC are aware. You should be ashamed.
Wrong! Do your your job and work with dems to improve it! Stop using us as tools in your political games. #ffs
I am so pissed about this! Wanted to go to his town hall today, but was getting my car fixed.
The boos he received were wonderful to hear (from what I saw on tv).
I'd heard there was boo-ing! Well deserved.
Why don't you study Australia's success in health care for everyone. No one can go bankrupt. We care about each other
Girl, r u for serious?
Were you tired of other GOP'ers being called vindictive and cruel and had to yell "Hey! I hate regular Americans too!" SMH
Are you aware of what that "collapse" would mean to everyday Americans?

If so, do you still support it and why?
@justin_kanew @LindseyGrahamSC The real question voters should be asking is if he cares.
Because THE GOP couldn't get their own party to vote for their hideous bill.  #CollapseandReplace << that is HEARTLESS to your supporters.
When is this guy up for re-election?
2020.
Good gawd, like cockroaches....they stay around forever despite efforts to rid the House of them. #smh
Such leadership and vision. Is that really what you want to be your stance? Collapse would mean lives ruined/lost. You it?
As long as @LindseyGrahamSC is sincere about dealing with Putin's influence on WH, I'm OK with good faith disagreements on issues.
Although, I am still looking for a policy to disagree/debate/discuss. This statement lacks that. It's petty.
So, you are gonna do what you did for the previous 8 years? Nothing! You spiteful little man.
"collapse" "implode" Thanks loads, jerk.  Guess what, I might want the same for you.
Crappy attitude -no statistic supports claim its collapsing. No more politics - work together & make fixes. #Trumprussia 2!
Why don't you do something about your treasonous party & traitor President instead of hoping to kill healthcare 4 millions?
shameful from a man of your faith. Be a leader. Give US the health care You have that We pay for.
Typical Rethug, hoping for people to lose their healthcare so you can prove your hateful point. Jerk
basically you're a traitor
If insurance companies would held accountable for sabotaging Aca , then the rates wouldn't be going up.
How about fixing the ACA? Or is that too pro-American?  Oh yeah, & it wouldn't give huge tax cuts to your base, the rich.
I'm extremely disappointed in this strategy. Republicans could have created a better bill--which was obviously ignored.
Collapse & die will happen to a lot of US citizens who had nothing to do with this partisan political fight.
Casual reminder that no, Lindsay Graham is NOT a decent person
That is horrible. Fix it. It's doable, but you see people as pawns in your sick game.
So, allow people that elected you to suffer while you stand idly by? How can you look at yourself in the mirror?
If Moderate GOP works w/Dems to pass fixes to Obamacare, they don't need Freedom Caucus votes.  More caring than COLLAPSE!
So 25 MILLION Americans can go without healthcare because you are a soulless money grubbing power hungry Christian?????
It must feel great to be a rich white man who does not have to worry about providing for ur family or caring for sick child
no, that's the next move on trump.
. Shame on you. Millions of Americans want to come together; work together; compromise. You are a roadblock to Democracy.
@wilytone @LindseyGrahamSC   His Supreme Court pick is an even bigger roadblock.
wow - I expect much better from you.  It seems even you have been pulled into partisan bickering instead of governing. Sad!
, we don't want you to repeal the ACA, do you not listen to your constituents? Or do you only care about your rich donors?
Just when I think you're an independent thinker, you say shit like this. Tow that party line, boy! #Hypocrite
And as it always turns out, a leopard doesn't change its spots. So much for thinking any R will help the average American.
fully admitting you are incapable of working for good; to repair what's wrong. Shameful.
u can't make up your mind one day your against donald then u are right there with muck on your face.we see u 4 who u are
Whatever happens, Trump owns it...
I was against the Iraq war Lindsey, but I never rooted for failure. Try being a bit more American please.
I'm sure that's what Jesus would do.
Unbelievable. UnAmerican. You owe the country an apology.
How about creating a healthcare czar to fix it with bipartisan support? @MittRomney knows how to run it. @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump
This makes me so sad. I thought you were one of the good guys. People will die. You know that, right?
#RepairNotRepeal. If,you don't want to help PLEASE move aside and stop blocking those that DO!
For shame! You KNOW you could make it better. Risk corridors ring a bell? Shame shame SHAME!!! #GOPcruelty #Shame
-What the hell?!?! I respected U4 standing up to Trump. This is not cool to say, man.
Translation: "Now let's do what we do best: nothing."
TBH, though, doing nothing is the least toxic version of what current "leadership" calls "governing"
how about work with democrats to improve the #ACA
While you continually take money to vote against the good of the people.

.@LindseyGrahamSC So supportive of American citizens. Does the money blind to normal citizens?
So, the GOP had no balls to claim ownership of their plan. and decided to play 'let burn the village to save it ?'
How many of your constituents would you like to see dead while this process takes place? Just a ballpark figure, Senator.
Working to inflict hardship on everyday Americans? Honestly, Sir, I thought you were better than this.
When did you become so mean & bitter? Now is the time to improve & strengthen ACA ~ #GOP build consensus/work across aisle!
How's about ya'll first work on re-discovering a political kinship with the American left? Because, unlike the Russians, we're Americans.
.@LindseyGrahamSC oh, you mean just sticking with your original plan. Taking healthcare away from the poor is mighty Christian of @GOP
Leaders don't let major programs collapse. They fix them. Do the hard work. Stop playing w Americans lives!
let your nations health collapse, spoken like a true republican.
.@LindseyGrahamSC 
#TRUMP & #GOP NOW OWN THE #ACA.
U already changed regulations. 
ACA = #TRUMPCARE now! 
Any unaffordability & deaths = YOU
you failed, and America knows that you have NO NEW IDEAS ! And you caucus cannot govern.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Next move on getting rid of the Republican party - #CollapseandReplace #Elections2018
About all you Repugs are good for... fucking things up.  After 8 years of listening to your bluster...  SAD
Dude, give it a rest. Man up & work for all Americans, with the Dems to fix actual issues with ACA, stop sabatoge of it.
@Amplitude350Lee just as I have suspected. Graham is nothing but a noisemaker show of being opposed to trump.
at the end of the day though he's still GOP/Party before the People...willing to sabotage ACA
why not be RESPONSIBLE and enact the law like it was designed to do. People need to see who is standing in the way. GOP
. @LindseyGrahamSC such contempt for the American people #AMDG
.@LindseyGrahamSC Do you think HC ins. CEOs should continue to make $12 to $17 million a year while premiums continue to rise?
.@LindseyGrahamSC Instead of working with D's to put forth something that works for ALL Americans, you want to see many folks suffer. Duh??
hey so if you're going to sabotage an incredibly popular program you can't tell everyone that's what you're doing.
Annnd further shows the GOP has no idea how to govern. Destroy is all you can do.
So, CBO says ACA is stable. We should assume u and your GOP cronies will sabotage it then?
your Political capital is all gone. Try this stunt at your own peril. Better start listening 2 the American people or leave
love you but stop taunting and start figuring out a real solution

True colors up
2). But no matter what, ACA is STILL better ANYTHING Repubs have ever proposed!!!!
You collapsed & you will be replaced
1). IF republicans had worked with PRES. OBAMA instead of opposing EVERYTHING, ACA would be in good shape.
Sickening. This would detrimentally affect millions Americans. Republicans have lost all common decency.
Wow--#collapseandreplace? Just when I think there may be a human heart in there somewhere, the flying monkey reappears.
if you don't think the governing party will be held responsible for a collapse, you're as naive as Trump
I, for one, am glad you're being so blatant about this shit. Expect to see this tweet in a lawsuit one day. #StephenMiller
i'm guessing you wouldn't use the Heimlich maneuver  or stop and help in an accident. You probably kick puppies too
Why on earth would you wish bad things happening to people? Why don't you all just do a kind bipartisan tweak?
U & ur colleagues had 7 yrs to work on a plan but failed to do so. Ur all full of hot air w/no plan or action. Replace GOP.
Gotta kill them poors! Can't ever let them have the same opportunity to be healthy as us! When they are healthy, we... are healthy too? Shit
lemme get this straight..7 years of pontificating & you had nothing. Every kid knows if you don't do your homework you fail
You & @realDonaldTrump are sure ACA will collapse but your gonna let people go through that to prove a partisan point?cruel

@ThisShowStinks does dipshit TK still think this asshole is "thoughtful"?
shame on you.. Help fix it so more people are covered and premiums are lowered.. Don't hope for it's demise. Shameful..
.@LindseyGrahamSC Why would you want to do that? Really, why?
one of the most unpatriotic/ unamerican statements ever made. You will actively sabotage ACA to hurt millions of Americans
seriously? And you are supposed to be a leader? Dickwad.
I hope the ~200,000 people in SC that get insurance through ACA are paying attention to your ignorance
that GOP has been sabotaging ACA since inception...Why stop now, right?
I'm ashamed of you & that hashtag. You have been such a reasonable & responsible voice lately. Can't we say #ImproveandHelp
replace it with what?
With what? Another bill to deny essential services to the poor and sick, and tax breaks to the rich?
That's not very Christian of you 
you are in power now so at this point, anything that happens is on your watch dear.
You are talking about peoples' lives! You have perfect health insurance & have no idea what it's like to not have that.
Collapse?  Wow. Surprised at you. And ashamed.
#PETTYTyrants
So you want people to go into bankruptcy because of medical bills? You're sick.
you tweeted that out at 4:20pm. 
I'll just assume you were high. That's the only way to explain a dumb tweet like that.

C'mon man, be part of the solution. Millions of Americans are falling through the cracks and you are wishing failure.
How about you just fix it?
Your master plan is to hurt American's just to make a political point? This is very troubling.
Next move is to vote ALL of our Government employees that feel like this. Vote and Replace!!
where the desire to make a witty hashtag exposes a terrible politician
We do not agree on much policy-wise, but I've always believed you to be a good man. This is unbelievably cynical and cruel.
Work WITH the Democrats to fix what's wrong with ACA!! Or go for Medicare Single Payer For ALL!!!
And blame it on Dems just for some perceived political points. You're a monster.
Yes, that's what will happen to reps who supported a bill that wasn't in constituents' best interest. #DumpCare
Wow, how sad. Thanks for caring about America.
Just when I found a smidgen of respect for him for his Russia stance, he says this crap?! Stick to the Russia problem, sigh
So what hav u knuckle draggers do for 7 years NO PLAN. Take care of us NOT corporations Sen Graham
Hmm, gloating over the demise of the ACA which the R's now own do to their failure to repeal. The R's are in charge, dummy.
If not fixed soon the Dems will push single payer solution. Let's not let that happen @_POTUS___ @ericbolling
7 years of bs votes & no plan. Collapse & replace 45*, "speaker" & the rest. Your day will come.
7 fucking years of saying the ACA was the end of Western Civilization & none of you geniuses could come up w/anything!
Do you care what would happen to millions of people with a "collapse?"
DO YOUR JOB. It is pathetic you think of this as a game. You're there to work for us taxpayers who fund your $174K salary.
Sound, Putin-like policy making. IOW hurt Americans to the point that US Gov will give blank check to HealthCare Industry.
Rather than threatening to make people sick and die, how about making healthcare cover more and be cheaper for everybody?
Pretty ignorant statement.
Do your JOB FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE! Fix ACA. Make it better or you'll be gone soon too. We'll remember in '18 and '20.
.@LindseyGrahamSC How about "Improve"? What is it with you petulant, sadistic Republicans?
This is low quality leadership. You should be ashamed. These are American Citizens who need help.
It's like your FORMER doctor wishing your surgery fails & you die because he hates your new doctor.
This hashtag is just another reminder that the GOP can win elections, but can't govern.
REALLY? FIX THE ACA AND MAKE IT WORK BETTER!
Fix healthcare. Y'all really do not have our best interests at heart, or even in your big toe. What's your job, exactly?
Disgraceful cynicism by GOP. Unable to formulate workable, compassionate policy, you're prepared to demolish Obamacare.Sad!
hon, maybe first figure out what to replace it with. Turns out that is really important to people.
Appalling, petty, and childish.  Country over party.  And country over the lunatic 45.
you're a really crappy person if that's what you think you're elected to do
Are you actually rooting for it to fail. That's kind of juvenile. It really was about hating Obama, wasn't it?
how about a bipartisan amend?  Isn't  that what is best for the country and the American people?  Isn't that your job?
staggeringly irresponsible & cruel. You people are repulsive.
Next move on #LintyGrandma: #UnseatAndReplace
Let us fix what we have, it's possible with smart minds and labor of love.  Thanks
you should be ashamed of yourself Senator
you'll be in jail before then.
hahahaha fuck you.
At the cost of American people to satisfy your spite. Disgraceful
.@LindseyGrahamSC what the fuck goes on in that ridiculous head of yours? #yourkidsarefuckedforever #baddad
you and your bros never had any intention to "replace"
Your account got hacked by a megalomaniac who wants to deny people healthcare for political self aggrandizement
