Wait... just a few months ago the baboon said our military was a disaster.
Yes the troops do a great job protecting our country! But when will this war end and the nation be united!
Huh? Are you reading the news? Bannon is on the NSC. Voters are protesting. Stop the canned patriotism and help us.
maybe next time have someone go along with him who has some brains ..embarrassing
.and will he talk about himself, as he does no matter his audience?hope he respects them enough to focus on them not himself
Is he gonna stand there before them and bitch about the accurate but unflattering news coverage he gets?
yeah, but did you hear what he said?! #TrumpLies
What are you up to next week, Senator? Will you come home for a visit, maybe a quick Town Hall?
Please don't let down the over 90% of our children in public schools. Please vote #noDeVos !
POTUS has busily tweeted about Nordstrom while ignoring the devestating storms on Tuesday. PATHETIC!
Yes, they do, but if you listen to Trump, he maintains the military is in a deplorable condition.
Let's hope he understands the briefings.
disappointed in your vote for DeVos
We want to know about Trump's entanglements with Russia.  This is RIDICULOUS!
and his taxes plz
you're a LAPDOG.  SHAME ON YOU.
too bad someone worth listening to isn't going.
Could you tell POTUS that, he seems to have forgotten unless it's a means to his end.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Please, Lindsey. He talked about made up things. Unreported terror attacks? Really?
do you think you could vote against DeVos, and not ruin my daughters education? That would be great.
Vote "No" for Devois. Stand up to Trump!!!
Senator what about the #RussianHacking investigation?! Actions speak louder than words sir!
HE LIES
please rescind your support for DeVos. How many charter schools can Oconee Cty. support?  Protect IDEA & public school edu.
why are you for nor screening those from terrorist countries HIGHLY DISSAPOINTED IN YOU not happy in SC
to bad they end up in wheel chairs and disability not to mention a health care that would let them rot
Wow, my respect for you just went down, down, down. Grow a spine. He embarrassed us all at this meeting. #Resist
Yes, the military is the best! Too bad Trump had to step on it with false info on unreported attacks.
Quit enabling Trump. It is unbelievable how much ignorant thinking Repub put out to enable a malignant Narcissist
they should always be kept in our prayers
Too bad he respects them so little he lies about terrorist attacks going unreported by media.
Yes Senator, but this president has insulted #america and praised #putin. PLEASE hold him accountable. Russia is dangerous
Your constituents are urging you to vote #NoOnDevos! #DevosPledge
Now you do your job and vote against @BetsyDeVos . This country deserves better
What about you protecting SC's public schools? #noDevos
Too bad he looked like a fool.
Yes. Can he stop talking about the evil press and how he won the election tho?
They do. He is a fraud.
yes they do, but I don't expect Betsy DeVos to do the same for our children. Vote no - registered SC voter
Glad to see the clip of you and your buddy war drumming in Ukraine 1/2/17.  Soros is so proud of you.
he met with him alight,, lying and talking about media
Please senator vote NO to Betsy DeVos she's is unqualified
Soros money?  What is going on!  Drain the swamp
Our troops deserve a good education too. Be a Senate Hero, Oppose DeVos!
please vote no @BetsyDeVos
and he managed to make it all about him and the dishonest press. #Disgrace
This Country and those men and women dserve a LEADER @LindseyGrahamSC @CENTCOM NOT SOME PUPPET OF PUTIN!
#IMPEACHTRUMP 
#TAKEAMERICABACK
Little tough now for Graham being on the #neverTrump fringe of the Republican Party. Best to go announce for @CNN
Senstor, with all respect to you, it's his job!
please don't confirm Betsy Devos
The media POTUS attacked is doing more to live the Constitution than than he is. Defend the USA, please!
please vote against DeVoss she will be wrong for the future of our kids. You know she is wrong!
are you glad about the part where he lied? Bragged about his popular vote loss?
Yes they do sir. And you continue to allow Trump to put their lives in danger with his rhetoric. GOP must take action.
president is a communist
our Armed Forces are the best in the world and deserve our full support. @POTUS deserves a quick impeachment
Translation: Even while POTUS tears us down...our military will protect us. Reminder: we have No King!
Better when POTUS, Bannon etc not involved in the planning.
That's a lotta whitewash Huck.
Does he offer them anything of value? No. Uses them as photo ops to prop himself up.
Thank you Sen Graham
Do you hate children so much that you would place their future in the hands of that dolt, Betsy DeVos?
Russian ties? We want answers sister! We want our democracy back!
senator please ask 45 to explain comparison to Russia
Demand apologies, testimony, and resignations. We deserve better!
And you are doing all you can Lindsey to make us unsafe!
still feel that way after hearing his conspiracy theory laced speech? Y'all need to start distancing yourselves...
Please vote NO on DeVos.  She has no experience in education and is unqualified for this position.
He LIED!  So called phantom terror attacks. The blood of the servicemen SEAL killed in Yemen is on Trumps hands
Please do not vote to confirm Betsy DeVos. She is manifestly unqualified for any position involving education.
You cannot allow this liar to continue as POTUS.He is danger to free world!Country,constitution over partisanship!
are you kidding me woohoo he went to centcom not for briefing he loves to hear applause
NO ON DEVOS!!
were are the GOP do you all love Putin too if not stand up were are your balls
were are all the republicans that should be standing to trump if it was Obama u would hang him
it's a shame he used the occasion to lie to them
in a very dangerous - perhaps an unsustainable - United States of America. 

And you know this world needs us.
We need you to to let your common sense win out over your political sense. Please. In one year's time we could be living
talks out of both sides of his mouth: "Records: Soros Fund Execs Funded Paul Ryan... " http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/02/06/records-soros-fund-execs-funded-paul-ryan-marco-rubio-jeb-bush-john-mccain-john-kasich-lindsey-graham-in-2016/ …
 @CENTCOM
proper deference to the stated agendas of Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell in order to portray a unified Republican front!"
Someday you will die, and that will just be it. On your death bed, do you think you'll be going, "Oh God, I hope I showed
just another opportunity for him to brag using his alternative facts.
Troops deserve everything except to hear Trump brag.Thank God he didn't praise Putin & attack America today
so Graham is funded by George Soros?? Wow always knew he was a liberal.
Yeah--and how did that go, sir? 
then he lies thru his teeth about media not reporting his imaginary terrorist attacks.  Disgusting embarrassment
yes they do! Now we need you to protect us from trump! #ConstituentsMatter #conflictofinterest #Trumprussia
Soros funded hack. I am a vet that has emailed you constantly. You refuse to answer.
please get ONE sound minded GOP senator to vote NO on DeVos! I have faith in you Senator!
do the right thing and vote NO for Betsy DeVos!!!!!
wish he spent more time honoring them than himself
another opportunity to focus on the troops, and he used his speech to praise himself & complain about media again.
so your controlled by Soros money? explains alot..#nwoprogressive
I suppose his visit was a good thing if not prompted to praise Russia over US
Yah, while you take money from TREASONOUS George Soros. Goodbye Lindsay. Enjoy job hunting in private sector.
Hope he will learn from them and understand we are NOT Russia!
except trump doesn't respect them. He wants more war.
really and with the lies about unreported attacks by terrorists, the military is not stupid
would be something to celebrate if he actually had a grasp on his purpose... went in yet another rant.do something
what a panderer! MAGA no thanks to you!
too bad he iced the cake with bat shit crazy lies
OPPOSE #BetsyDeVos PLEASE!
You don't hear any of us begging the GOP to check & balance this lunatic POTUS. Spineless henchmen
Bet you're not glad he lied about the press and accused them of trying to "hide" terrorist attacks.
To bash the press again.
does POTUS favor our troops over Russia? What he says for the whole world to hear- you wouldn't think so! Shame!
Fine till he tried to spread his bag of false alt facts to them too. They're beyond being BSed. No Cred. Sad!
- What will he lie about next?  Will he disparage the troops in his next tweet? Not helpful, Graham.
Yes sir I hate you
. Are you happy with what he said?
vote no on devos and begin impeachment immediately
.@LindseyGrahamSC #trump went there and LIED to the troops. Impeach him now, the people want him GONE!!!!
yes, so let's take care of them once they come home!
you realize that the GOP maintains power if you impeach right?  How bout country first?
Let's hope he can be an adult.
Oh I get it. Sit on your butt because as long as this madman is POTUS he will be your lapdog. I don't think so LG
where is the investigation into Russian hacking. What about Trumps conflicts? Kushners conflicts?
I am your constituent. I now hold you responsible for Trumps behavior because you are sitting on your butt! Shame
Bannon drafted executive order appointing himself to NSC and Trump signed it not knowing its significance. MAN UP
apparently the courts have no place in our democracy because they disagree with the ban! He respects Putin! MAN UP
they do & if you want to make their jobs safer and our lives better, vote NO for Jeff Sessions
are you serious?You should be happy when he is impeached. He is not of sound mind. "Fake  news, so called judge!
I, too, am glad that @potus is at least pretending to do his job.
Senator you must agree that he is not fit to be president. He threatens all American's futures
Why aren't you protecting us from this dictator?
Just hope he doesn't insult them like he has a federal judge and our allies
What about his comments re: the media today? Dangerous to manipulate troops against our own people. #ImpeachTrump
is everything for you just a pr moment. You do know trump is making us less safe. Speak up. Be a man.
You mean the so-called potus right? What's good for the goose. #resist #iamyourpatronus
El Trumpo would gladly sacrifice our sons and daughters who serve to make himself appear great again. Shame on you
I know you don't really believe our troops feel supported by a fake POTUS. USA is the laughing stock of world.
@SenatorTimScott @MarkSanford Are you three still supporting Trump? He is going to destroy the #GOP.
please do not support this maniac. you are above his bullshit. Stay true to us because he isn't.
seriously?  That's all you can say while he destroys our country?
Only certain to say something stupid
zYes, too bad he talked abt himself,polls, fake news...Military non partisan,disgrace they had to listen to manic.
aren't you glad and proud of @POTUS for his comments @CENTCOM today
Couldn't we send someone a little less embarrassing? Our troops deserve better than @potus!
Yes they do.  So why punish them with having to meet this @POTUS ?
To bad you don't , they protect our freedoms , you vote them away!
why don't you legislate medical insurance for vets equal to yours graham?  #hypocrite
need Russian investigation of Trump. Special counsel.
Right on!
He'll probably just find a way to demean & insult them.
oh hell yes.
Hey Mr. Senator, do the U.S. proud and vote NO to DeVos!!!
he spent the time bashing the press. This unacceptable behavior of a CIC -vet
maybe you need to take that as an example
I hope he listens and learns.
since when do you care rhino?..you care more about immigrants then rights of americans
Too back he had 2 bring up his fake news "story" abt "crooked" media not reporting terrorism. It becomes absurd!
Too back?
You might want to change your mind after listening to what he said about the media.  This man is not stable.
Yes, but the scare rhetoric was fantastic. What is the matter with this man? Mental imbalance
Of course he went-I am certain he didn't listen. It's about the rating vs understand what's really is happening.
As a veteran myself - words have meaning.  Thank you Senator for being our American Guardian.
how about you do a great job for our country and vote, NO on DEVos, Sessions & Gorsuch.
When will you be holding a Town Hall? What are your thoughts on this http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/cover_story/2017/02/government_by_white_nationalism_is_upon_us.html … ?
Yes, when is your next town hall? Would love to know why you're ignoring your constituents.
no thanks to you.
already licking the sweat off his balls Lindsey? Sad ur a spinless fraud. No better than Trump himself
Every day @realDonaldTrump sits in the WH is a day of increased risk for our troops. You & @GOP need to step up.
Tell us the truth. This guy and his ilk must worry the hell out of you and Sen. McCain. He's going to destroy GOP (and US).
how about practicing OPSEC! #leakylindsey
Typical insanity. Dishonest media, not reporting terrorist acts intentionally. Wow.  He's going to bring GOP down.
all hail #PresidentBannon whoops I just threw up.
but will YOU protect American values and security? the silence about Russia and Yemenghazi is deafening.
maybe you should tell him that
# 1 PRIORITY Should be Independent Invest of Russian hacking into our election &if&how Trump&Trump camp was involv
and he lied in front of them. How is this leadership from @POTUS?
same road has strip joints so he might stop for some pussy grabbing
double edged sword. Trump. With intel?  I just found Jesus
yes please let the draft dodger address our troops
Except he thinks they are killers.  Or we are killers...or all of us are killers. #SocalledPres
Clinton removed over 1 Lie Trumps while cabinet lies #IMPEACH
how do they respect you when you don't listen to them Hello Russians?Where is the indep Prosecutor?
they are the true heroes and deserve to be represented by someone who will not put them in harms way based on ego.
@BarackObama @JoeBiden @StopTrump2020  GOT TO GET TRUMP TO SUPPORT OUR GLOBAL ALLIES! Clear & Present Danger!!!
Might distract everyone from the CHAOS that Trump & Bannon have been creating??
Very very sad he only cares about his ratings. Don't normalize his bizarre behavior.
You're as shocked as we are that he's doing his job?  Do yours, get us a qualified cabinet!  Vote NO on DeVos.
I am begging you not to approve DeVos.
Why do you support tRUMP's comments on Russia? Outrageous that he equals US morals with Russia. What are you doing?
