Finally @LindseyGrahamSC says something to support the prez.
You had better think about expanding your base go somewhere besides Fox all informed people understand Fox reason for being a friendly place
Fox AGAIN? No other news source will have you?
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #COMPROMISEDPRESIDENCY #IMPEACH
We know what you are going to say already.  Kiss up to Russia and the president , twist words to please the president.
Pathetic how concern for the integrity of the highest office in the land is brushed aside by a statesman that was once held in high esteem.
Too bad you won't be speaking to someone not obsessed with Trump!
Is it so  difficult for "career" politicians regardless of party 2 accept unconventional outsiders flawed imperfect as all of us as leaders
.@LindseyGrahamSC Thanks but not thanks. Propoganda TV. When will you admit Trump obstructed justice and using the Presidency to cash in.
Trump didn't do anything wrong.
Nope will not tune in to FOX unless U R speaking to Shepard Smith. He's the honest journalist
I would have, but I refuse to watch Fox. Hope you had fun.
Favoring Fox a bit more lately, MSNBC to tough on questions
Lindsey Graham is a coward and defending the interest of Vladimir Putin and Russia.
BRAVO i'm really liking you more and more you were terrific on Fox tonight you made some solid positive points
Trump fires Comey after he wouldn't drop investigating Flynn and he also didn't pledge his loyalty. That is very bad and all you care is
If he being investigated. The campaign is though
Trump Russia. Obstruction of justice. Get with it
I was rooting for you. I'm done now.
Never the real news. Always Faux. You're a coward.
Lindsey is clearly putting party before country. Where we once had the class of Reagan, we now have mysogeny of Trump. Republicans nauseate!
What does Trump have on you?? Stand up!!
Lindsey. Congress looked very weak today.
Typical liberal fool..your trying to bully
Once more, to claim that you are "concerned" about 45?
Not really interested
Fox news again?  Only game in town that will let you lie?
It seems v likely that a criminal family with Russian connections is in the WH. When will you do something about this - when Putin moves in?
Please call me 7067415960
For once you made sense
Great interview. Thank you for your input.
What are you saying?
Lots of trolls on here tonight.  Too funny!
Thank you for the interview Senator. I enjoyed hearing the update. Best of wishes running down the DNC Parties wrong doings.
Get real people!  Even Comey didn't say Pres Trump obstructed justice.  Dems and their exploding heads.  Get over it!
Good interview. Informative and insightful. Wise counsel.
I U NOW!! for being fair and honest on this COMEY thing...THANK YOU @LindseyGrahamSC
I love the fact that you spoke directly to Pres Trump tonight on Martha's show.  Awesome!  I agree with everything you said.
Enjoyed your interview, Senator.  You made total sense!
We know he is under investigation because Mueller won't let him give out the memos.
Please!  Sessions not good man. GOP needs 2 stop protecting #Trump.Use the facts. Clinton, really
Excellent interview. I'm proud of your honesty Senator. Spot on.
You have no clue except your guessing that Trump is not being looked at for Obstruction of Justice. DO YOUR JOB>
@SenateDemsThe latest developments is Trump & his nonpresidential extra curricular activities, his daughter taking millions from the Saudi's
Excellent explanation of the obvious.  Thank you senator.
More lip service
Explain what happened in Intel Session today besides stonewalling.
Will you be speaking truth or fiction? Be the ball, Senator. Please.
Why not go to a real news venue.
Be sure to switch ch at that time swamp 
Eh...who cares. No one watches Fox anymore Senator
The Senate Drama Queen needs attention everyone, he tries really hard to be important but nevertheless fails everytime.
Appreciated seeing your heart in comments with @SpecialReport yesterday! It's truly time to move past conspiracies & support the work ahead.
Watching @maddow you know the real news.
Fox again. Come on.
Don't really care what you or John McCain have to say. You guys can't wipe the shoes of DJT! You just continue to undermine him! Shameful!
If a constitute could stomach watching "fakenews" I would. Maybe when you are on a real truthful news channel I will listen to you.
another liar
#Complicit party over people
No surprise he would choose Fox News
Yeah. Fox news network. Go preach to the 37%. You've lost my respect Graham.
Will the set actually be on fire?
Two words "impeachment hearing."  That or the GOP is done and zero credibility.
#Loyalty #Flynn #Russia
Not watching Fox until the bias goes away
The only development anyone cares about is if you have balls. Signs are pointing to no. #RussiaGate
Country over party!

Translation:

I can't stand that Trump is President and that I'm not getting my way!

Remedy:

Suck it up, Buttercup.
@marthamaccallumshould be interesting watching you kiss (again) Trump's rear knowing he's guilty. NOT #trumprussia
You need to do something about the mentally ill vlown in the WH! I know you know he's unfit! Do the right thing!
#foxnews, the #gop safe space. 
Will u be speaking about how GOP plans 2 strip away reg ppl healthcare(ending OOP max) 2 bankrupt working families then try 2 blame Obama?
Keep backing him up #youputz
Time to put yr country ahead of party
I do not watch state ran media .I sure you are talking about you total loyalty to Trump
Any chance you'll be supporting "Precedent" Trump at that time.
None of the people making comments here seem to have read the transcript of Comey's statement, or they have no understanding of obstruction
Your always on fox!! I guess they are more your cup of tea! #resisttrump
Get off of the propaganda station and do some real interviews Jeez I'm sick of both parties you all stink
no one cares.....   will u bash the poor and promote war???????   doesn't matter.  no one cares.
Nothing on @FoxNews is credible @LindseyGrahamSC
Really? We all know how this will end. Why not acknowledge the obvious and do something co structure about it?
Signed,
A Constituent
Which side of your mouth will you be speaking out of this time? #doyourjob #wedontspeakrussian #resist
Good Wednesday, Sen..Lindsey GRAHAM, of South Carolina Armed Services Committee Member
Aren't you busy..massaging 45s feet or maybe just his ego?  I don't love you anymore!
Oh, @FoxNews  so  I guess you'll be continuing to cover up for the head of your @GOP crime family. #TrumpObstructed
how about calls for Ginsburg to recuse herself from travel ban ruling
no thanks!
You'd better go to bat for Trump. We're sick of the drama. We don't care about Comey or Russia. GET TO WORK AND REPEAL OBAMACARE!
He did *ok* for Graham
Do your job and impeach the criminal in the White House!!!!!
Are you gonna try and twist the wriiten comey testimony to fit in with don the con is innocent
Stand with Trump
How about talking to a news outlet that doesn't serve as state-run media? Afraid they'll ask questions you can't/won't answer?  #CorruptGOP
What like CNN?  Give me a break!
Quit the cover up.. America before party
If you were on another network, sir, I'd love to watch.
Hopefully, you'll finally stand up for our Country.
Since 60% of voters don't watch this crap station, now #3, we should surmise that you'll be talking Party ovr Democracy again. Obstruction!!
Hard pass. Unless you are calling for the House to impeach.
You, as usual, pussyfooting around trump?!! Nah thanks
As if youd be honest or informative.  I'll pass. You're already on the list
Why?
There's water to carry.
Yep. Big talker. Not much action
Stop talking and DO something.
Well..I know how this plays: .@LindsayGrahamSC  says how great DT is. Did I miss anything?
AGAIN on the fake news channel.
No that would be MSNBC or CNN or ABC...well too many to list.
Dear gravy I have to unfollow you you're too much of a disappointment to look at.
FOX No sorry CNN or MSNBC ok but the dishonest Fox NO
Grow a pair and stand up for country not your failing party!
Plot twist: the GOP ends up choosing country over party before they are removed in 2018. That's what I'd call a happy ending.
Please be your patriotic best self and stop putting party before country. Begging you. Do something.
Comey just let all the Republicans know this is the last exit. The innocent will turn off, the guilty will keep on driving.
Why do you bother with Fox News?
https://youtu.be/TX_jDSzGfA4 

Don't forget about this little detail
gonna talk about your unwavering confidence in an obvious trainwreck?
yes! This is what he does. Or maybe he'll talk more about finding leakers?
And anyone with an inkling of integrity knows what's right
I believe you have integrity...you know where this is going-be the one who stands up for the truth and America.
I used to believe he had integrity. I have to admit I was wrong. I'm able to do that. I wish he was...
Let me make it easy, "I want to go where the facts lead"  Meaning, you are way too much of a pussy to stand up and so what's right.
Can you tell me why your going to a retreat hosted by Mitt Romney with MCCain, Ryan and Biden is speaking?! #Fromourstatevoteyououtcrooked
Traitor
Question 2 ask Comey: On subject of Collusion who does your brother work 4 n have u ever worked 4 or been compensated by Clintons?
cmon you know he is guilty just admit it
Sounds legit.
Uuuugh
