Rand wrecks GOP unity again http://politi.co/2ikpmLH  
#GrahamCassidy-Heller-Johnson health care plan (both backed by @POTUS) — he will be Democratic Party’s MVP of 2017.
Turn back now @RandPaul while you still have time!
Voting against Medicare/Medicaid isn't "budget resolution".You want the $ to go to rich corporations while regular Americans die. #TaxReform
You decide who to trust. My money is on @RandPaul to uphold the Constitution and his Oath. My money is on @Lindsey to sell out... again.
I get ur trying to hit back because he called you out, but the difference is Rand has strong conservative credentials. U ... not so much.
Cmon Paul
Lindsey..  you need help
Senator Graham the housing referendum has arrived again with Ben Carson need assistance
Rand Paul = Obstructionist.  Just like DNC members.  Get him out Kentucky!
This is NOT about republican unity! This is SUPPOSED to be about AMERICAN unity. This is why I dumped Republicans after 40yrs!
Let him. Let them all do their worst, then Democrats can take over and fix it all-again!
He is not falling for it.
If any of thwm Vote Against The Bill Goid Luck to Them Come Re-Election Time.
Good for him,  even if it's for the wrong reasons.
GOP Unity has sold out the Constitutional Republic at every turn. Stand strong @RandPaul
Thank You Shane! You’ll make Georgia Proud!
Like Sen. McCain says..."I don't listen to much Paul has to say."

Hey caddie--can you grab my clubs? Wow you have really deteriorated your reputation. That's what happens when you become a caddie for DJT.
your tutoring/golf outings w #potus are going well I see, picking up the rhetoric quickly
Lindsey vying for the Majority Leader after McConnell gets Trumped. Too bad Dems will hold that job once that’s done.
Good for him republicans have destroyed this country
Quit pouting...
Graham Cassidy bill is trash! You don't, and you never will have public support for your sorry excuse of a healthcare bill
There’s a large population in Ga that didn’t get Healthcare! O’care never worked. Take away the illegal payoffs to insurance co.

Atleast he stands for something. You get taken on a few rounds of golf and completely change your tune
No #TaxCutsfortheRich no #MedicareCuts
I may not always agree with @RandPaul but he appears to have a spine among the spineless
GOP civil war! 
Lindsey- I can't tell whether your more devoted to indenting the future to buy more bombs or to give the Kochs a tax cut. Can you clarify?
that was FAR from conservative,
What, Lindsey? You're going to go home and bite your pillow?
A bad day for Lindsay Graham is a GOOD day for 99.80% of the US population.
Give them hell Rand Paul show them your no ass kisser of Mr Trump

Admitted sexual abuser @realDonaldTrump served a subpoena by 'The Apprentice' contestant who alleged sexual assault  http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/trump-served-a-subpoena-by-apprentice-contestant-who-alleged-sexual-assault/article/2637593 … 
All that golf you three fools are playing doesn't appear to be promoting party unity.
Not competent to govern.
.@GOP unity? That’s a first.
...then he’s more of an actual leader than you ever dreamed of being?
There was nothing conservative about adding trillions to debt. Dnt call urself conservative while spending $ like a kid in the candy store 
Maybe it's you and your heartless, hypocritical, kowtowing, money-hungry, elitist members of the #GOP that are tearing your party apart.
First of all there can be no vote on tax cuts until @realDonaldTrump releases his tax returns. Is that clear @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand ?
Ok mini trump!
Sen. Graham works with GOP & DNC to advance progress for USA.  Sen. Paul is an obstructionist.  He always says no and offers no solutions
Way to go keep ripping up the middle class idiots
I thought you was a better man, I wanted you to be a better man but no just another reason to stand
Your budget resolution is nothing more than a disguised liquor store “stick-up” & you know it. Shameful, simply shameful.
@RandPaul is one of the last voices of sanity in the Senate. All @LindseyGrahamSC wants to do is take HC away from everyone
Lindsey Graham you’re a flip-flopping fool. You’ve forgotten the names that Donald Trump called you during the campaign. You’re a sell out!
Career politician. Doesn't care about the American people. Only his pockets.
And I no longer trust ANY RepuliCON to do anything to help Americans!  Nope, not even you.
I am so tired of the self righteous lecturing from @RandPaul and John McCain.
You mean the tax cut for the wealthy? I don't usually agree with Rand Paul, but this time I do.
You guys really have to stop snapping at each other. And GET OFF TWITTER. That’s not the way to air differences.
Are you taking a page from your Dear Leader's book and threatening Rand Paul? Careful! You're morphing into Trump. It's not your best look.
I believe your friend McCain voted it down.  I personally think all that voted against should be ashamed. Some point America first please
Lindsey, there is caps put in there for a reason! Rand said he would not vote for it if they are exceeded! Comprende'?
I see your golf lessons have taught u how to be a bully to your colleagues and a SCHMUCK to us the people
Here. Let’s decide whom we should trust to vote as a REAL conservative.  E. O. M
He’s the ONLY true conservative in Congress right now.  The rest of you disguise yourselves as such. U and McCain are disgusting LIARS
Great plan Mr GOP. Taxes cuts for the corporations and 1% on the backs of the middle class. You and Trump are 2 of a kind.
He damn well better not vote against it! You tell him Lindsey!
What are you Graham the Trump mafia now?
Are you threatening him?  Not very Christian.
Lindsey grow a pair...you flip flop more than a fish out of water.  Rand do the right thing don’t let this weasel threaten you
Been following politics long time. Rand tells the truth about your liberal healthcare bill and your liberal history!
trashed #GrahamCassidy because it WAS trash. Bad bill. Hurt people. Once again, you put Party over Constituents
Democratic MVP? Your obsession with partisan politics hurts real people. Tax cuts for wealthy, HC for wealthy... donors over constituents
Lies about tax benefit to middle class. Just like likes that HC bill would improve HC access.  Lies.
When did serving rich at expense of the poor become the main "conservative" principle. You actively hurt vulnerable
You are trashing people's lives in effort to maintain "conservative" paradigm. HC bill was trash. Tax bill serves wealthy.
#GrahamCassidy was a fiasco. #ThankYouRand #LindseyLapDog
The tax cut promise is a lie, Lindsey. Your bestie golf buddy knows it. You know it. Rand knows it.
Is Trump rubbing off on you?
See graham! Rand only votes for what he believes in. He’s not a coward like the majority of R senators. He can’t be pressured with tweets
Senator Graham, what has happened to you in the last month? You and Paul Ryan need a stint in Trump Rehab!
Rand, what the hell is wrong with your mind? If, it is not Senator McCain that "stuff up" things, then it is you. Stop stuffing up things!
Did @realDonaldTrump just hack @LindseyGrahamSC 's Twitter account ????
You sound bitter. You might want to revisit the oath you took @LindseyGrahamSC . Senators are supposed to represent the ppl not Trump.
Your bill was trash. So far this budget is trash & ALL congress should vote no. Seems you forgot who voted for you; could change.
Then he will have saved the country from more awful policies. Did I get that right?
Unity of UNDEMOCRATIC, demagoguery, donor centric policies? u kill pple purposely & destroy USA credibility. Sick and delusional like DJT
WHAT'S THE POINT OF HAVING 10000 PERFECT SOLUTIONS WHEN U CANT EVEN IMPLEMENT 1!
Y’all petty.
Your silence on the instability, cruelty and dishonesty from the Oval Office is dispicable. You have no credibility anymore. None.
UR GENOCIDE BILL is reason it crashed. Can see u r adopting treasonous conduct of DJT... u take no ownership of ur destructive/lying conduct
you do know you should respect your fellow congressmen votes.  you're not one of his constituents
@RandPaul is one of the only consistently logical members in the senate. Lindsey graham is a bought politician
Amen, we can only hope.
I trust Rand -
You two should get a room.
You look older
DR PAUL IS OUR HERO
Stick to your CAPS SENATOR GRAHAM
WE LOVE YOU RAND
Maybe he is voting with his conscience instead of being a good old boy balless wonder. It is possible.
You grew a pair of balls to stand up to @RandPaul maybe you should find another pair to stand up to @realDonaldTrump
Are you still going on about this? You know this would work better if one of two things were true...if your bill had been conservative...
...Instead of Obamacare Lite. Or, if you could get more than like 300 people to read your tweets.
By the # and tone of comments, looks like people r reading his tweets, they just aren't liking them b/c his policy proposals are appalling.
Are ya gonna smack him Lindsey? You and Trump together? Does he ride horsey? Who is the horse?
You should be more like John McCain .. your now like your mentor Trump , use to respect you but you’ve lost that from this independent
I guess anything goes with Trump as president. Just look at Rand Paul and Lindsey Graham fighting in public like spoiled children. No wonder the Republican party has such low approval ratings.
oh, go play a round of golf with the great pumpkin. Only #gopunity is complicity with a shameful, unfit @POTUS
Someone said you want the Sec of State job? Just can't imagine you'd cave just for personal benefit. I thought better if you Senator Graham.
It's possible he learned MATH and knows your plan is a tax cut for the rich at the expense of education, healthcare, and job programs.
....then he is smarter than Lindsay Graham....
The caps are there to reign in spending. You need to support them and perks for Congress, et all
taking pointers from Donnie on how to point fingers at people isn't helping your cause....
Good!
You need to support the caps. Rand Paul supports tax cuts. They will increase revenue. That can be used to pay down the debt.
Wahhhh you know how complicated this stuff is. @realDonaldTrump could have told u during cheat golfing
... as in you are threatening him like the President does. Why don't you quit and just golf with Trump.
Then what? He'll be a hero?
Hey Lindsey.....go play golf!!
Lindsey...could you speak to Rand about that hair? He looks completely ridiculous.
The #KochBrothers need a new pair of shoes
Lindsey Graham, if you support Trump you are supporting a racist, nationalist agenda.
Get real
Yeah what? What are you going to do? I don't like him but he's right on this one.
You'll do what?  Stop sucking up to Trump and act like you are thinking about the country. It's been a while.
Your bill was a loser.  Don’t blame Rand.  Cross the aisle
Lindsey Graham, are you doing something wrong to cause him to vote against it, what was his reason, and did it hurt the American people?
As someone said today..."It won't be pretty"....
It will be a gut punch to those aspirations. So, help give tge American people a tax cut, Rand!
Stand your ground @randpaul. My grandchildren are counting on you. This debt is being ignored
For middle and lower income people, the corporate and personal tax cut will help their kids’ job prospects. If Paul sandbags the tax cuts...
what are you going to do? stop manning the glory hole?
Someone has courage to stand up for his beliefs. And then there is @LindseyGrahamSC
Maybe @RandPaul  hasn't been payed off by the rich like you yet, @LindseyGrahamSC. He's holding out until the end. All @GOP are crooked!
But your health care plan was really bad, so isn’t he doing a good thing by rejecting it?
I wish you were more like Lamar Alexander. He works constructively with the other side and doesn’t grand stand.
He will be doing his job. You should try it sometime.
...then he will have done TWO things I agree with.
You're a Racist Sellout Sen Graham! The World is watching...
...He’ll continue to be a true statesman. Thank you for having a scruple, @RandPaul
What exacty does "conservative" mean to you, Lindsey?
Good for rand
Idle threats and bullying tactics. I guess this is what you're learning in your golfing outings. Rand Paul votes his conscience.
Rand is undeniable idiot....McCain comes in@1st, however, and Lindsey, you are right with them...
How much money do you want to spend for your donors
So is new norm? Senators attacking senators on Twitter? @LindseyGrahamSC I think there’s sandbox w/your name on it. Trump’s already there.
He should. Why are you hurting the middle class with these cuts? Not all Americns are stupid only your voters.
The last I knew you worked for the people at our pleasure, you have forgotten that. Turn away while you still can your a bully like Trump.
SERVE the PEOPLE, not the PARTY!
Hey Senator Graham, everybody hates trump, incl Rand.
The budget was for the wealthy and is a real entitlement. Your party doesn’t seem to know the difference. Why don’t you work for all people?
We got to stop Graham by voting him out!! How was the golf trip? He needs to come out of the closet
Stop it Lindsey- stop trying to take everyone to hell with you.
At least you've stopped trying to shill it as reform.
Now tell the whole story: #TaxCuts4RichDonors
Then he will be doing what the American people want him to do. @LindseyGrahamSC when will you get it???!!
Then what you sell out Lindsey ?
Wouldn't have anything to do with the $2-plus TRILLION you want to add to the debt so you can say you can't afford Social Sec, Medicare etc?
Don't you have a tee time to get to with your buddy?
The tax cuts are for the rich. US knows it so do you. Stand up for the people that need it now more than ever Don’t destroy what’s left.
It's called principal, Lindsey. Cut the taxes and forget the $43B defense increase. Wishes he was our senator, sigh.....
So you’re sounding more like a mob boss or Trump and that is NOT how to create unity or change. You actually sound like a cyber bully.
Fire that idiot
Ahh taking pages from Trumps how to twitter book... suggestion, start making fun of Rand Paul hair or size, seems to work best
If what? He acts in conjunction with his actual principles? Perish the thought. Realize U have forgone UR own & may be confused how it works
@SenJohnMcCain dude!!your buddy is turning into a trump clone! Talk some sense into this previously sound minded and moralistic human!
This is not a good look on you, @LindseyGrahamSC
Sounds like Rand Paul has the courage you lack - putting the people first. Graham-Cassidy was wicked - just like the current tax plan.
Stop impeding what we voted for Graham!
fingers crossed that he will choose NOT to vote for a budget that will tank the economy.
Lindsey, your "Trump" side is very unattractive.
Sit down Graham.  We can't trust you either!  Sell out, lying hypocrite!  #gopsucks #gopuselessballsacs
Bullying @RandPaul now?  Sounds kind of threatening, learning from the master, your new bff @potus?
hope he does.
Typical @RandPaul "my way or the highway". #obstructionist And he wonders why none of his ideas get any traction. Won't listen.  #narcissist
Honestly we're far more panicked by incompetent, self-dealing @potus than we are because budget may fail.
Using you hand at bullying? Wonder where you learned that from?
Maybe he's just smart enough to reject bad policy when he sees it. Wish you'd be as responsible.
Borrowing money to shift national wealth is the antithesis of conservatism.
Tax cuts done wrong (what you’re doing )  are deficit busters
@GOP has whored themselves to the highest bidder for too long. Party over.
Rand is right. Quit being so hawkish. Cut spending like the house bill does.
He votes his conscience, not this donors.
"Conservative" and "Graham" don't belong in the same sentence.
