Affordable Care Act prices will skyrocket 31 percent in South Carolina next year http://bit.ly/2yuHTc9  #scnews #scpol #chsnews 
Please, enough with the exclamation points!!!!!!! You're no Trump, it just makes you look like the lying coward you are.
You are a liar.  Shame on you.  Abuse of power and misuse of data.  the absence of obamacare is a disaster for SC.  the failure of SC GOP
We must get this passed! The working taxpayers are slaves to this disaster right now! Senators must say YES or be removed from committees!
Stooping to bribery is below evil! Christopher's life matters, even if you don't care! I hope they vote you OUT for being underhanded, mean!
Your plan ends Medicaid and that will kill our children! Their lives matter!!
Lindsey Pray we can get done. We can add fixes needed in December
You keep calling #Obamacare a "disaster". How do you think that compares to #PuertoRico right now
One it not Obamacare. It called the Affordable Care Act. Key word is AFFORDABLE!!
Bribing AK & ME to pass your horrific excuse of a healthcare bill? #noshame
#GrahamCassidy hearing...Watch GOP lie for Koch  Not #MAGA #DraintheSwamp
The Graham-Cassidy hearing is the hottest ticket in town, in one video: 
You should be ashamed!
What are you doing to stop a nuclear war #Trump is s going to initiate.. that's what I want to know
NO!  Ensure those with preexisting conditions have affordable coverage.  Otherwise you are a murderer.
You are a base liar, sir.
Congress must act by Sept 30th or health center funding will drop by 70%. It's time for Congress to take action to#FixtheCliff & #ValueCHCs
lies
If true, then tell the President to stop sabotaging the ACA and go work on Bipartisan improvements. That's how you help SC.
Fix the ACA and leave Medicare and Medicaid to help the people it was made to help.
Stop the bribery. Regular order. You need to work across the aisle Women's health is important. Does not pass Jimmy Kimmel test preexisting
Sir, you are a dishonorable man. But this tweet won't bother you nor will the hundreds of others like this. Shame!
Healthcare isn't a political issue is a life care issue. If you have revise and adjust this death policy it's because you got it wrong.
Senator Graham, I really expected more of you than to be associated with this stupid bill.
He is a snake in the grass like the rest of the GOP.  Anyone that supports this bill or trump needs to be voted out.  #karma
So fix it, or get out of office
Shame on you
Get your buddy McCain in line and tell him to stop siding with dems and hating our President! He is looking horrible right now! MAGA!

ZEMBLA - The dubious friends of Donald Trump: the Russians https://youtu.be/1bEdMuKq30I  via @YouTube
. Please work with the Dems to fix and strengthen #ACA; not to hurt people.
#NoGrahamCassidy
You are telling a damn lie.  You can't fool the people You lost!

Offering individual deals to individual states to woo individual senators is WRONG. Flawed policy begets flawed tactics. Do better, Senate.
Prices are skyrocketing because of GOP-created uncertainty in the market. YOU are responsible for that.
How much was your bill going to lower premiums, Lindsey? We want better health care, but a repeal for the sake of repeal isn't the answer
If you're concerned about healthcare, stop politicizing & work w/ dems to improve ACA. GOP plans =farce, admit it !You can't do it w/o dems
How about they go after the insurance companies the COOs make 100 million I think they can afford to take a cut an take care of US citizens
Totally agree! We should just make a law that everybody makes same income regardless of level of responsibility & schooling. Marx is great!
PERHAPS if u listened to insurance companies that keep telling u all the uncertainty CAUSED BY GOP is forcing rates up, u could stop this.
So are you saying that the ACA was really welfare to insurance companies? Interesting that you attacked GOP when they said that.
Huge mistake not to take the Medicaid buy in.  That decision left thousands of SC residents uninsured--would have been good for economy too.
Republicans obey their masters. If you had 400 mil Lindsey would listen to you.
SC one of the states that didn't expand Medicaid and is considered one of the WORST states for healthcare.  #GrahamCassidy won't help.
I was born in Charleston ... and reside in a blue state. Its sad to see this beautiful area of the US be so regressive under these rubes
In case you want to move:  States with best healthcare ... all blue of course
Keep fighting and informing in SC! You're needed
Fix #ACA .  Give the funding to high risk pools as was originally intended. That lack of funds is making Insurance companies raise premiums.
Expand medicaid & your state wouldn't have this problem. You are sabotaging your own state & constituents. Thanks for showing them #Liar
We all heard about your heard despicable Health Care Bill.. you sneaked in a health care bill worse than the previous one. Looks evil.
Senator, as a SCer lets try to fix instead of repealing it. Allow more choices and hold insurance cos accountable. I dont agree w/ ur amend
Many people are saying you sound like your buddy, @realDonaldTrump. Sad!
If SC had taken the Medicaid expansion that would not be true. Be honest please.
Wow!  Actually it is the failure of South Caroline GOP to pursue Medicaid expansion which has brought about this devastation.  shame on you!
They're going up because you and Trump and the GOP are engineering it- take some responsibility for the suffering you are causing.
More unpopular thant the Prez !
The bipartisan medicaid directors from ALL 50 STATES oppose your bill!


A big chunk of the US became addicted to Affordable Care Act (Medicaid/welfare/free).
Can you clear something up? Pre-existing conditions are a big concern to most. This bill allows pre-existing conditions Right? or No?

I like healthcare going to states. We need competition between states to keep cost down & give more choices.
#GrahamCassidyTaxBreakBill because this is NOT a health care bill. #SaveACA Vote no on #GrahamCassidyKochBrothers
False! It is saving my daughter 's life. She lives in SC.
You can fix it without proposing a plan thag gives certain states preferential treatment.
We know why ur doing this here in SC. Don't worry, you have successfully shed the republican light label & are now accepted by the far right
We'll see how that works out for you politically in the future but I hope we move on from ur bill that requires special treatment to states
Because Jet Man Price has done everything to stop subsidies and hurt co's trying to sell ins. Make all co's sell into ACA & $ drop
You cld demand health co's all participate in ACA driving costs down instead u r destroying any hope ppl have of getting insurance. SAD
Get the majority, why McCain is not on board?  Silver tongue devil needs to convince more!
You are even more stupid than Betsy DeVos, and that's saying something.
#GrahamCassidyBill is a disaster! Please drop it and support #MedicareForAll instead!
Voters have no idea what Graham-Cassidy will do.  Who will lose. Your promises empty. Why not be sensible.  Work to repair Obamacare.
South Carolina does not want your health care bill. 
We are watching you and GOP.
What happened to the old Lindsey who put Country before Party? Are u that pressed to have yr name on a bill? U know it's a death warrant
Show us one single study (other than tainted HHS) that supports your bill.  DOZENS of studies are against - NONE are for it.  Charlatan!
I'm ashamed that this comes from my Congressman...this isn't just bad, it's cruel.  Sad part about it?  Most of the State of SC will suffer.
A new version of Graham-Cassidy dropped Sunday,  to be voted on Wednesday, with NO CBO and 32 million to lose insurance? NO!
Liar.  You are ready to take health care away from South Carolinians to appease the Koch Brothers and big corporate donations.
Y do U want 2 kill me by taking away my healthcare? What is wrong w/ you?  I don't want to die.  I don't want to die.  Please don't kill me.
If anything it’s because you and @realDonaldTrump are in cahoots to sabotage it from succeeding and toying with the health of millions. Evil
Millions of vulnerable people depend on ACA. Fix it don't scrap it, a campaign promise is not an honorable reason to repeal  FIX IT PLEASE
Please take you your name off this bill it will hurt millions of vulnerable people in the name of a campaign promise.  You r a better person
LIAR. You're such a coward. Some donor threatens not to give you money and you curl into the fetal position.
A  place holder for 9 years? Really?
ALL 50 states!!
Hey, Linds, does your proposed healthcare plan cover glory hole injuries? Asking for a friend.
@LindseyGrahamSC Thank god for our journalists who tell America the truth about how awful #GrahamCassidy bill is & let us know you lie!
The one good thing is that bc we know @LindseyGrahamSC lies & @BillCassidy lies, it has fired up Americans to become aware of GOP tactics!
@LindseyGrahamSC is a manipulative liar who put forth a horrible bill just to pls GOP donors. Don’t believe a word this man says ever again!
The ONLY reason ACA premiums will rise is bc Trump is manipulating the market.  #GrahamCassidyKills #SaveACA
Crimes hatched in Hell are not watched over by angels !! This bill is a crime !! Please don't kill us or our family members Stop !!
There is something seriously wrong with you. Has your family been threatened? Stop pushing this abominable hc bill & fix Obamacare. Enough!
You don't care about anything but donors & tax cuts for the 1%. You get to keep your Cadillac health insurance that WE pay 4 for life.
I don't always agree w/you but I respected you.Have to say I'm appalled by lack of due process associated with 1/6 of the US economy. Shame.
You're a liar. Every major physician, hospital & other healthcare org is standing against this bill. It will devastate 32 million Americans.
You are NOT doing your job.  High premiums result from Republican congress not subsidizing insurers covering more sick Americans. Your fault
NO.  Congress needs to fix it not jettison it. Stop playing politics with our health ins. Fund insurers losses right & cover sick Americans.
Shameful Lindsey! U don't even believe in the integrity of this bill! LG U showed such promise! Come on Gent pls think of #USA kids! #fail
Your deathcare plan is disgraceful. You should be ashamed to have ur name on this plan. Gop sabotaged ACA admit it.
We need to #RepealObamacare not repeal and replace
This bill sucks, Senator Graham. Try a bill that doesn't strip Americans of care while giving tax cuts to the rich. Fix the ACA.
I will commit myself2doing absolutely everything I can2donate2ANYcandidate willing&ABLE 2replace you!!  Your commitment 2evil is stunning
Please Mr Graham.
Please get Mr. McCain to change his mind. Please
https://twitter.com/waltshaub/status/912144101096792064 …
Only because SC didn't buy into it in beginning. You're a joke Graham. Thought u had a God-fearing conscience. It's all about #45 win.
You really are bound and determined to kill my daughter aren't you? Her life threatening pre existing condition won't make you a profit.
Listened to rhetoric from GOP on this today - all talked about how bad OCare is, NONE spoke of your bad bill.   YOU know this is bad!
Hide behind it, but it WILL come back to you!

Yes by screwing your state and giving special treatment to Main and Alaska.  Enjoy your last term.
And sweetening the pot for "holdout" states? Have you no integrity left? #shameless
New version of health-care bill will help Alaska and Maine—home of two holdout senators https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/gop-health-bill-in-major-peril-as-resistance-hardens-among-key-senators/2017/09/24/bc927d06-a134-11e7-ade1-76d061d56efa_story.html?utm_term=.02be4b58e2ef&wpisrc=al_alert-COMBO-politics%252Bnation&wpmk=1 …  Hey Lindsey,14th Amendment?
WOW! Graham-Cassidy is a failure of astounding proportions and not recommended by ANY major health group - AMA, AARP, insurance co.'s, etc
WOW! You've resorted to bribery attempts by increasing federal funding to those states with senators that said they wouldn't back your bill!
Sorry America, Senator Graham says USA doesn't have money for you or ur healthcare needs. Meanwhile -'the military industrial complex' 
You should press on, and keep going until you hit an ocean. Then just keep going...
This last attempt at the repeal of the ACA has caused me to lose all the respect for you that I had built up this last year. Why wont U just
Agree to fix Obama Care. I know your not "like trump" but this latest bill is just no good for Americans & all trump cares about is the win.
And yet U are throwing more $$ in your revised bill to buy the votes of Maine & Alaska @ the expense of all! Can you be anymore despicable.
Dr Rima Laibow Explains the Globalist Utopia *Health Plan* LOCKDOWN ON VITAMINS/HERBS/FOOD via Codex Alimentarius 
A little quiet on twitter the last two days.
Please promote my new petition.  We the people are tired of suffering in silence.
You take blood money from the Kochs.
The only right thing for you to do us is to Impeach TRUMP and then resign.
I am SO disappointed in you.
Wow! You worked hard at sabotaging Obamacare and you're hell bent on meeting donors' demands over America's needs.
Vote @gop out and begin, with Graham.
Lindsey Graham is the biggest fraud in the Senate. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill
Please share, everyone!
WOW - FAKE NEWS - we want to repeal & replace the @GOP in 2018 - this bill is garbage & you know it! 
But alas you have clearly not learned to write coherent helpful legislation. You and Mitch are brothers in disfunction
GOP acquiescence to Big Pharma/Insurance is the disaster ...
Your insistence on ranting wouldn't ring so hollow if you read your own bill
Your bill will literally kill people. What a putz you are.
You know this is because of the uncertainty you and your GOP buddies creating uncertainty in the market right? #LyingHypocrite
We ask Mr. Graham to continue as in the past, resisting Trump.
I admired you during the primaries when you stood up against Trump.  This dishonesty isn't admirable, and you lost my respect peddling it.
You do realize that allowing the insurance companies to continue to exist is the reason premiums have risen so much. #MedicareForAll
Do your job. Fix the ACA.
Why do we need to give You... Our Money, and then have You... give some of it back? Healthcare is Personal... NOT National... Get OUT of it!
You and your GOP cronies are liars, are greedy, and you only care about tax breaks for your wealthy donors. You and yours broke ACA, #evil
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154793864875493&id=7292655492 …
Your POS son has been using illegal server... investigation PLEASE
This is what the Democrats preach a moral imperative to save.
Stop your Lying already ! We know what's in the bill . Your Lying is hurting your Legacy n credibility
Nonsense, Senator. Csr's are not being funded; mandate not being enforced; insurers bewildered. Need certainty for things to stabilise.

never seen bill with 2 sponsors so utterly unable to explain their bill truthfully
STOP kissing up to Trump and his agenda to erase anything that has the name Obama connected to it.Get serious about real healthcare reform..
..and work with Democrats to come up with something that all Americans can afford.Regular folks don't care what insurance company CEOs earn.
You are giving into the pressure by a crooked potus who only wants to indo anything Obama even if good Just fix the few things wrong w/ACA
All the insurance companies, hospitals & medical associations are AGAINST the Lindsey/Graham Bill this should STOP anyone from voting for it
U can easily repair Afordable Care Act but R blinded by the Koch Bros money Ur bill does not promise lower ins premiums that is on ins comps
GOP just can't close the deal I guess you are all dotards
You Senator are the disaster and your Gov who wouldn't accept Med expansion
Even your BFF Mcain recognizes it . Donors before the public??
Every medical association sees your bill for what is  destructive and cruel
Your name on this Bill will push you ahead of Cruz for the most hated senator!  IMMORAL
It needs some fixing but don't kill the baby. Work with Democrats to solve problems.
How do you live with yourself?
Yes. Keep working for your wealthy donors instead of the American people. Shame on you Lindsey Graham.


Because repubs deplete it on purpose. 


MCCAIN: "The issue is too important & too many lives are at risk for us to leave the American people guessing from one election to the next"
Maybe he is doing this because he has a brain?
The only reason it is in trouble is b/c your Party is deliberately sabotaging it. You are killing your own Party in the process.
Your bill is a disaster for all Americans. Why aren't u listening do those who know healthcare and do this right!
How about tying this to corporate tax reform bill and for healthcare part of the cut goes to the states not to insurers..!?!?Pass together?
You're lying to the people. This is not a repeal of Obamacare and you know it. If this is such a great plan you in congress use it as well.

So, @GOP 

We have #CrazyLeader calling to…
Now that UR rubbish Obamacare repeal is failing pls turn UR attention to getting rid of dangerous, divisive Trump.He's failing @ everything!
Because racist idiot Republican states sabotaged it. Fuck You, Graham.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154787947540493&id=7292655492 …
Sen Graham please don't take Medicaid away from those that need it! Work to improve the ACA. #SaveACA #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
Stop lying, Senator. Your bill merely demonstrates your contempt for the American people and your apathy about American health
For your sake you'd better hope this PoS bill doesn't pass bud.

and under Trumpcare it will quadruple in costs, especially to the elderly and those with Pre-existing conditions
If it is so BAD why let Alaska keep it, You are all hypocrites. If it is BAd then it would be bad everywhere.
You have to know this is trash. What are you getting from this other an elusive win?
Your bill sucks catch a clue from your best friend. We know you're working for your donors and not us. Sick. Sad. Bad legacy. John knows.
Shame on you!
How do you look at yourself in a mirror knowing you are trying to harm the poor, sick & elderly?
How you can live with yourself after putting your name on a bill that would uninsure millions is beyond me.
GOP's persistence in repeating lies about the ACA is appalling. It isn't failing on its own; the GOP has sabotaged it.
Republicans are lead by a disappointing divisive man. Dont become part of the problems. Please be a better man.
#retire with the confederate flag. It's okay, by the way if you are a part of the cover up you too will go to Prison.
I believe you lied on ABC! So disappointed in you!
BTW voters don't only vote for governors they also vote for Congress. Congress is there to protect Americans not their pocket books.
STOP LYING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE! This is the Koch's agenda and you are allowing yourself to be  prostituted by them. Greed is a sin.
YOU ARE KILLING US!!!!!!
It would have passed if you wouldn’t have named it after yourself. #maga
Stop playing schoolyard partisan games. Pretend to have SOME public interest. This is ONLY about a partisan win for YOUR team. #GOPHYPOCRISY
