Anyone else think #GrahamCassidy is a ploy 2 make us Settle 4 ACA instead of pushing  #MedicareForAll?
Every time #M4A comes up Rep. act out
History will not treat this GOP congress kindly.
that's truly where they belong- they don't even have shame or
common decency.....
agree
What is there to debate? It's got to be great it's Obama related!!
Merde g loupé
Oh ma Lili !
CNN has not reported fairly on G-C Bill.  No way pp;l would object to state managed HC.  Customize to citizens by need, must guarantee preex
Since #Obamacare my rates have INCREASED every year!My deductibleOUTRAGEOUS. I DO NOT have my doctor. My meds r NOT covered!
#REPEAL
Be mad at insurance companies who have been allowed to stick it to you. Taking away millions of other people's insurance is not the answer
Ocare is inspired by these ctries. In ,health insurance is mandatory,up to 600$/month but they get the best care for 0$ when they're sick.

Communism always gets the celebrities and the athletes in on the action after buying out most mediaxoutlets then its spreads to the masses.
Lindsey where is the bill for spending more on Medicaid for fellow Americans than on military adventures to kill ppl of color. You promised
Not watching Bernie Sanders....a socialist, own 3 homes, his wife is under investigation...
Of course you won't watch you reject any healthcare  to save Americans...You are truly evil...You fit right in with the Devil in the WH.

Senator Collins opposes Graham-Cassidy health care bills http://bit.ly/2wPKVKP  
Let's hope it's a thoughtful discussion that clarifies issues, different points of view & what goal we are trying to accomplish and why.
Trumps not in the debate so I have high hopes.
Not too high...Remember Graham and Cassidy "debating"...Wonder if anyone else will get a word in...
At least they'll be grandstanding about policy and not 'crooked Hillary'


Offering individual deals to individual states to woo individual senators is WRONG. Flawed policy begets flawed tactics. Do better, Senate.
Senator Collins votes "No."  Lindsey?  Miss Lindsey!!!!???? Oh my gawd, Miss Lindsey! Someone get her smelling salts!
Bernie Sanders has been pushing Medicare-for-All which includes a conservative price tag of $32 trillion.
Yes, which is half the cost per-person as the current privatized model is, just paid to gov't instead of companies.
Let's not forget *status quo* = $49 trillion so #MedicareForAll SAVES $17 trillion
LOVE YOU BERNIE!!!!!
Graham-Cassidy bill is brilliant last stab @ pvt ins.  Takes HC away frm Fed Gov & gives 2 states.  State can decide which hot issues 2 covr
Obamacare is D.O.A.  Dems cling 2 it 4 Gov matching funds.  O Expanded Medicare to cover healthy ppl of working age.  Not sustainable, welfr
`
#Government can negotiate
w #Insurance for fair #price #HealthCare
individuals are helpless
@BernieSanders

www http://www.ARTmetaphor.ca 
`
#HealthCare is #HumanRights
#SinglePayer is the only fair system
@BernieSanders @SenateGOP #GrahamCassidy

www http://www.ARTmetaphor.ca 
I really appreciate how respectful you all were to each other. Bravo! Very informative and polite. This is how all debates should be done.
There is no future except an expensive lousy healthcare
Nope HANNITY first!
HERE's the Debate -DO WE BURY OBAMACARE OR CREMATE IT & SPREAD THE ASHES IN BARRY'S NEW LIBRARY?!?!
Breaking!! Tonight's debate topic will be changed to NFL knee-gate due to CNNs need to chase ratings! #PseudoJournalism
@LindseyGrahamSC #GrahamCassidy will kill more R & D Americans each year than 9-11! Just so u can make EZ Koch . #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA?
Everything is alway about trump being this or that. I say we need to start to lump pence in with him. Maybe something will change
Not all dems support bernie who needs 2 start his own party & stop talking for the dem party of which he is no part
@LindseyGrahamSC. Stop with the "repeal" crap and work with the Dems to #FixTheACA.
Boom!  Collins says NO!!! #Jimmykimmeltest #Jimmy Yeah!!!
@senrobportman @SenCapito @tedcruz @lisamurkowski Susan Collins=NO, did the right thing. Please show your country that you all have #ACA
pointless now
I don't watch CNN. To bad not on FOX instead
This is my Mayweather v McGregor
Looks like you and the Republicans lose again. Republicans can’t pass a football.
IT'S NOT OBAMACARE IT'S NOT OBAMACARE IT'S NOT OBAMACARE IT'S NOT OBAMACARE IT'S NOT OBAMACARE IT'S NOT OBAMACARE IT'S NOT OBAMACARE #ACA
Sanders will dominate, as always.
Republicans have never been such a force for evil and darkness. This is the lowest I've ever seen them go.
Uh...judging by this last political primary...I'd include the Democrats in the pit with the R's..just saying
GOP: We must repeal Obamacare
Bernie: Your replacement will leed to thousands  dead.
GOP: HE'S A SOCIALIST!
CNN: well that's true
End debate

Any way we can have an independent fact checker on call during debates to call out BS?
Don't have cable. Don't need it.  Bug thanks.
Obamacare premium up 120% WTF
This should be one sided.
Romney Care vs. GOP care.... Plz throw both out and start fresh, single payer is the right path
The Obamacare exchange markets are beginning to stabilize. Work together to fix the parts that need adjustment and get on to tax reform!
Honestly CNN, you'd have spent the time better by airing a program about the recovery of hurricane-ravaged areas!REPEAL is dead!
The debate doesn't mean a thing to Republicans. All that they'll say is see we won. That's it.
Don't make it about single payer, @SenSanders! Lives are on the line right now! #HealthCareDebate
Bernie has always been in favor of defending Obamacare against repeal, he just wants a better system after it's saved.
On. CNN Fake News you know it won't be a fair debate. I WON'T WATCH.
All of these various distractions are taking everyone off the subject of Tump & Russia. Don’t forget to say at least something each hour
Is there a way to submit questions for tonight's Town Hall?
Found Donna Brazile's twitter handle
#cheapjoke
Is there a way to submit questions for tonight's Town Hall?
Bernie: "We will do what Europe does with their healthcare, it works great there"
Reps: "We don't have data saying it's good but BELIEVE ME"
He who controls healthcare controls the people

Government?
It is going to die...and there is no replacement
Since 2000, funding for 13 EXISTing major low-income health, housing, and social services block grants has fallen by 37% #NoGrahamCassidy
THEY GOING TO ADMIT OBAMACARE IS THE SAME GOVERNMENT [CONTROLED] HEALTHCARE THEY HAVE IN THE [UK] THAT KILLED BABY CHARLIE? ask his Parents
Just heard Sen Graham promise to"drive a stake into the heart"of single payor H/C efforts. This IMO is confirmation that SP is in our future
I hope they acknowledge protesters sacrificing wellbeing just to be heard


I would rather see an #Obamacare debate between 2016 John McCain & 2017 John McCain, although it could get really nasty & personal.
I am unsure why they keep saying Obama Care when it is the Affordable Care Act.
B/C they have to associate it with a person of color, whom they never got over, held the presidency.  They hate him and everything he did!
It may not be perfect but think of all the time and money saved if you would just fix and tweak what needs it. Money for other programs gone
#BernieSanders2020
Why cant we negotiate pharamcay prices? Want to save healthcare, get rid of the lobbyists that are enforcing fixed markets on us.
This bill allows states to limit the essential health benefits currently provided and permits insurers to discriminate against people w PE C
I will like if they can explain more on this, please. -,From a Kidney Transplant Patient, from FL -
Sen. Sanders, why are so many committee chairmen from Texas ? I understand majority assigns, but what makes Texas better then other states ?
@cnn are you going to correct debaters who say things that aren't true? Or just let them mislead and not say anything?
Are you going to trust CNN to correct anything? Use your own brain.
تابعني 
Dear Bernie. Please behave. We are talking about ACA. Every1 does not necessarily support single payer. Thank you. Ps. KEEP it civil.
Single-payer is statistically the best! Everybody covered with better health care and it's cheaper than the current system!
Go @SenSanders and @amyklobuchar!

Let's save the ACA then start our push for #MedicareForAll.
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
#FakeNews#cnn thinks the clawing back of medical treatment 4 at least 24,000, 000,000 Americans, because of a losers promise is debatable
Class act, Lindsey. Tossing people in wheelchairs out of the hearing.
I guess the headline says it all "Fight over Obamacare" wouldn't it be nice to be "Fight for health of ALL Americans"
Well said!
Remember that you all called the ACA Obama Care, b/c the new name will be whoever Trump picks next!
Or.. how much should should government control your life. A lot vs completely.
Both plans suck, why even debate it?  We the people lose either way.  #DrainTheSwamp
Why not have people who pay huge amounts for their healthcare talk. So many people have hcare because they get free. Others pay for theirs.
As IF CNN could really hold an unbiased debate. Puleese


What ? All Democrats?
This is way ALL of the Swamp Critters don't want Obamacare to die!
@POTUS @chuckschumer @RandPaul @SenateMajLdr @NancyPelosi @SpeakerRyan, you all owe the American People an explanation.  I would include the
Deadman walking, Senator John McCain, but since death is looking him in the eyes, he will vote as the Democrat he has always been.
The one thing they all have in common is that they believe it needs to be replaced. 

It's garbage.
Great plan. I get all my food from the Twitter feeds of porn sites.
Republicans Agree To Debate Bernie Sanders Knowing Full well Bernie Will Win. .This is A Ploy. .A Plot. .A Twisted Knot We Need Maddow? ????
Wtf having @SenSanders debate #ACA?! @MarkRuffalo Two-faced. Bern bill before 9/30 is reckless AF! Veterans/Seniors/Moms don't forget!
He helped write the best parts of the ACA.



