"They're trying to break the backbone of democracy," Sen. Lindsey Graham says on Russian interference in elections http://cbsn.ws/2k2WwLh  
@jjohnson2u my take on you is on every phone you got. Check your inbox .We filled it up after you TRIED to shut us up sat.
your version of a town hall was a joke. What the hell  did you think was going to happen when u forbid signs
U will get about that same 2 % u got during prez election, when u come up for reelection . U will be remembered
I don't trust him one of the ones talks one way with Twitter and media yet votes opposite way on Floor
yes he says what he thinks we r stupid enough to believe.He found out  nobody was there to listen but to speak
I notice that him and @marcorubio talk like decent Republicans then on Senate Floor do opposite
U read my mind.Rubio stepped into a big pile last week .do u remember I m trying .It went away fast
We have to fight them off together, we can do it - together.
insist on OPEN investigation and release Trump's taxes. Country before party. Be a real patriot.
what are you doing about it?? It's all talk because the man tied to all of it runs your country as a Republican!  Wake up!
. You are undermining  democracy .@LindseyGrahamSC  because you don't  stand up for our country, instead you pander to DT. You are a chump.
It's more than that. Putin has made himself the richest man in the world in the process let's not forget
talk to the pug in the whitehouse the Rep party got elected
THIS IS A THREAT TO ALL AMERICANS - I AM GLAD THERE IS SOMEONE OUT THERE THAT PUTS COUNTRY FIRST
@SenJohnMcCain @JohnMcCainDaily INVESTIGATE THIS U HYPOCRITES: John Podesta and the Russians http://www.wsj.com/articles/john-podesta-and-the-russians-1477262565 …
and what are your thoughts about @realDonaldTrump
Russia and trump are ruining America and our republic. Please stand up for us!!!
Trump tweets and campaign speeches fill need for IND investigation.   He is deflecting..... DO YOUR JOB!
@CBSNews trump and CO. are trying to help him too
Meanwhile....in Cuckland
There IS NO PROOF OF RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE IN THE ELECTION! Stop accusing Trump of WRONG DOINGS WITH NO PROOF!!
so why are you giving #trumpski space
Traitor Trump's tax returns contain collusion and money laudering with Wilbur Ross, Cypriot Bank, Deutsche Bank. GOP help!
Senator they are winning! What r u going to do about it? Donald Trump needs a time out nd the Republicans will suffer
But if DT involved don't you want to fully vet that? Seems like GOP is strangely meek in its challenge to him.
What are you doing about it?!  All lip service so far - C'mon Senator, we need you!
Many Americans are wondering if Trump has the temperament to handle the rigors of being President.Sat.tweets must stop!
Congress needs to investigate Russian involvement in election,Trump associates&Congress.The American people want answers.
@CBSNews  Convincing DT of this?  Not going to happen.
With the help of your buddy Donald.
what are YOU doing in light of our President's financial ties to Russia?
your covering up for Trump. He laundered 95M from Russian Fertilizer Man. This is fact!
@CBSNews who needs Russia your leading the charge!
ur a one man wrecking ball but one problem u got none when u switching to a full blown dem/lib
What's troublesome is the naïveté of so, so many Americans who accept anything POTUS says on Twitter, even boldfaced lies.
History pic..Geo.Wallace /Civil Rights fast forward- YOU NOW. Are you on the right side of history???? STAND TALL!! Praying for you!
The ENTIRE HOUSE AND SENATE need to stand up for OUR democracy and stop allowing Breitbart to dictate our policies.The Russians have won!SAD
Please rally Republicans in Congress to vote on an independent investigation into the matter.
So, why don't you start a real investigation into 45's "Russiagate"? Thought you had balls, Lindsey.
I am a democrat. Thank you!!
So investigate it! And follow the money! #ReleaseYourTaxes @realDonaldTrump
and our president continues to participate along w chief bannon
Then PLEASE support an independent senate counsel to investigate...you GOP's can't be trust to be fair...sorry...
there isn't a bit of truth to that statement there is no evidence of any voter hacking even I know that an your the senator
Focus on getting our side of the problem clean....  independent investigation NOW!!!
yet no call 2 action by u or other GOP weaklings!all of past good will be forgotten if u weren't counted when called 2 duty
yes, and your friend @realDonaldTrump is going to let them trash our democracy.  It's insane.
then why are people dragging the investigation?
@capt_tripps66 And @realDonaldTrump ,the President YOU SUPPORT, wants to COZY UP TO & HELP PUTIN. Are you going to let him?
Yeah, and then an hour later you're shilling for the Russian puppet. Get your priorities straight and do the right thing.
they e done a damn good job!  #Impeach45
I'm a Democrat, ,you had my vote,,hope it's followed through
the left is trying to break the back of democracy
We do not have democracy we are a republic. There is a congressional investigation in progress for Russia and the wiretap.
but you keep supporting the result of their intervention...How about investigate #Trumprussia #CountryOverParty
- Appoint a nonpartisan independent Investigation. Too many RED Flags in the Trump Administration! ACT for God's sake! 
WHAT IS IT GOING TO TAKE FOR YOU TO START THE IMPEACHMENT PROCESS OF TRUMP?!? HE IS MORE THAN EMBARRASSMENT - A TRUE DANGER
@CBSNews get rid of the president that they put in
How long will it take you to investigate #trumprussia. Get a #SpecialProsecutor now!
And the Republicans are allowing it to happen by supporting Trump & Co. & refusing adequate investigation.
@claudiamiles What are you doing to stop them?
Yawn......
be SNL's TBD

Priebus will not hold him!  The cracks are showing.  Take him out NOW while we still have a government.
"@LindseyGrahamSC  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorBurr and @SenatorCollins all support probe into Trumps Russia ties."
@CBSNews Good job Senator Graham. Agree or disagree, you answer, explain and listen. The Pres needs to take his cue from U.
Then stop voting yes on all his crooked appointments. Action speaks louder. You can't be on both sides of history.
What are you going to do about it? Your GOP comrades are basking in their moment of supreme power, no regard for the crisis
Thanks for always standing for democracy and the best interest of SC and the nation.
YOU...try looking at the elected officials of this country first! Pot-Kettle? #talkingpoints
hint: He's a communist. That's his job to take us down.  Our job is to NOT let him.
But they couldn't do that solely from the outside, they need internal agents and in the U.S. they hit the jackpot.  Thanks
Non-US made materials. Guns for anyone. Unhinged rants.  Weekly tax funded vacations. Corrupt cabinet. Action???
You're doing great work....not. We see through your talk and no action.
And you are confronted with a Putin stooge in the WH, & a GOP Congress that doesn't care so long as stooge signs its bills
Investigate Trump!
1)Premise (Russia help Trump) is rediculous! Republicans = strong defense. 2)Hillary(Russia) tie Sanders prim more plausble
We know about Putin & apprec your stance but what abt POTUS's behavior?? He has done more harm to our democracy than Putin.
@CBSNews Nobody care what the Hell Russian doing we care what u doing Which looks like nothing but B--Shit Do something
Thank you Senator.
They are and right now they have a willing accomplice in the WH @realDonaldTrump
don't agree w/ you on many issues, but applaud you-being one of very few rep. listening -now I'm listening to you
@libertylatina forget the #fakenews Russia story. Investigate #ObamaWiretappedTrump asap.
actually Bannon is
appears to Americans @realDonaldTrump is using Putin's play book for his administration. Republicans can put stop to it!
actions speak louder than words.  Do something to show 45 and putin Americans are better than this.
Senator, please act quickly to establish an independent bipartisan commission to investigate Trump-Russia connection
It's Urgent! Our democracy is imperiled.
then do something and stop this childish crap @POTUS
What are you doing about it Senator Graham?
For the love of God and our Country please do something! Russia is in our WH undermining OUR democracy as u tweet!!
Thank you Senator.  I don't agree with all of your policies, but I think you want to do the right thing.  @POTUS doesn't.
agreed! Trump's connection to Russia MUST BE INVESTIGATED.
turncoats do a much better job of that dont you think there is not one shred of evidence yet you are driving that train
Therefore you are backing a full investigation into their role in the election, and demand release of Trump's taxes?
When is impeachment? Get to work.  This Orange monster has the nuclear codes. Country over party NOW!!
Yes and Kushner, Trump & Cabinet all have billions money ties in Russia. Next is China.  TPP deal is going to make them $$$
Then do something about it and convince your colleagues that they are playing a dangerous game catering to Trump's whims.
They are doing a great job.  What are you doing to stop it from happening to our country?
Agreed. Please do something. Too few in Congress have integrity and are looking at short term wins rather than long term.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Yes Putin is trying to break backbone of democracy.  Isn't that what Bannon is doing? What is GOP doing to save it?
And yet you still cringe and support Trump.
repeal obamacare, pass the tax cuts.  Enough of this Russia crap.
@CBSNews So support an independent prosecutor/counsel to investigate #TrumpRussia.
sane Americans applaud you.
we r ALL losing.credibility&respect4our govt, norm's,& institutions r being destroyed. r society is lost. $$ &party > good of nation. SAD!
@PrisonPlanet Sen.Graham, enough about Russia. How about the Obama admin's role in undermining democracy here in the U.S.?
Obama is gone. Russia should NOT BE INTERFERING IN OUR ELECTIONS PERIOD
Someone should remind Obama that he's "gone" because he's telling everyone that he's baaaAAACk
we are counting on you as an American to put country over party and keep standing up to this lunacy. This man is dangerous.
Thank you for your honesty and patriotism. If he's still around in the next election PLEASE primary DJT!!
You are a VERY FAKE Republican & have lost all credibility. I used to respect you.
All means nothing if Congress won't act. With Bannon team deconstructing from inside and RU from out, time is of essence.
"No! Obama is trying to break the backbone of democracy And he's allowed the Kremlin to help his cause  is a Red Herring"
Flip flop flip flop.
@CBSNews @KeithOlbermann @StopTrump2020 @maddow @BarackObama GRAHAM: PLZ GET INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION GOING!WE NEED 2 KNOW
@SenJohnMcCain @POTUS @VP @JudgeJeanine Politicians who CHOOSE 2ACCEPT Soros & Foreign $ NOT CREDIBLE=Conflict of interest
like the $5 million trump took from the Republican Guard.
We want @realDonaldTrump tax returns now. Not next week or next month. NOW! The damage he is causing cannot wait.
#resist
GMAB ....they already have them.... it's called the IRS...dumb
Not the Russians but the influences of the MSM is trying to undermine our country.  What part did you play senator?
We demand a full investigation in to Obama and his admistration illegal surveillance.   Do something constructive for once!
give proof. They have proof of interference by Russia. Try again. Why can't people focus on the real issue.
The DNC was hacked because a goof ball gave his pw out. There is no proof between Russia & President Trump.
but as long as @gop has an legislative agenda and @potus has a pen you're going to run with it as long as possible right?
and when they do, dictators and oligarchs will reign. The .01% has too much power. They are destabilizing the world.
and with the complicit @gop they have @potus et al in the WH to dismantle and destroy everything.
agreed. the russians can take a nap while the GOP does the heavy lifting dismantling democracy.
Thank U, Senator. Let's do something about this!. U could be the TBD #GOP hero #SNL #Trumprussia
I thought you were better than party over country But I see the GOP is more important than what Putin done
Nice speech, Senator Graham. But are you going to put #CountryOverParty in actions, too, or just in words?
Do you believe they are succeeding? If you do, what do you plan to do to stop it or prevent it from getting worse?
Thank you from the left. 
Sir, the only way we're ever going to know what's really going on is if we can see 45s tax returns
Please stand strong on your position even if it turns out that Trump is involved or not. We appreciate you & @SenJohnMcCain
please run as a democrat next time.  Thanks
because republicans love Russia? Or just the ones who have been conned by Trump?
But your party keeps covering up for what Putin done
And POTUS just helped them with wild, untrue charges that undermined our democracy.  What must POTUS say before CENSURE?
.@LindseyGrahamSC The old Putin’s Russia is the new Trump's America. 

We have to stop this man. What will it take?
Are you going to investigate #TrumpRussia or do like @jasoninthehouse and @DevinNunes and now "investigate" Obama?
