@LindseyGrahamSC -voters in s.c.Who supported P/Trump,J.mccain&Graham are trying to take him down Stand Up be heard,Soon
Voters This Senator is out to Bring our President Down,Sheep in wolfs clothing,Always look for Camera
How about you just focus on obstruction of justice and don't hinder Special counsel ?
Or it will keep you in check and on your toes
Yeah because those probes were proceeding so effectively, like by asking questions about HRC's emails and the travel ban
@LindseyGrahamSC then you should have done your damn job to begin with instead of stonewalling and posturing.....#absurd
That is fine the House Repubs had no interest in the truth and the Senate was still partisan.
Well they weren't accomplishing much, were they?
Thanks to weaklings like Graham Dems get their way again, they never would have turned on Obama the way Graham n few others turned on Trump
They should drop theirs and get back doing work for the people !
LIBERALS asked for it
Give us a break! How stupid & naive do you think we are! If it was either Obama or HRC, you guys would have had a special prosecutor already
I agree w/ @LindseyGrahamSC it may hinder but, had the GOP put country over party maybe a special counsel wouldn't be necessary
Thanks for saying that.
If you guys would have did your jobs, you wouldn't have needed a special counsel.
Watergate had a Special Prosecutor,SenSelectCommittee, House Impeach.Committee,each entity had their own responsibilities #DontDropTheBall
Maybe they will be able to focus and find the truth quicker so you can pass single payer medical coverage.  Medicare for all.
Probe all you want, who has the power now ? Jump on that side and get this wrapped up.
You didn't get anything done too busy bashing @POTUS there are consequences of inaction @sengraham2016
Special counsel makes the House, Senate Probes triple duty. Let's see what he gives us. You guys get back to reg. sch work U run from.
For Graham to be this worried about it, there's got to be something at stake for him.
You mean a real investigation would make the two other sham investigations pointless?
Bullshit!
#LindseyGraham O my stars & garters! Did u think that was purely the GOP prerogative? Quick, bring up HRC emails to distract. Worked before
BS! Mr. Rosenstein was “unequivocal” that the Senate panel can & SHOULD continue its investigation." according to the WP!
When was the last time House,Senate hearings accomplished anything but more hearings?
The biggest crock of bullshit I have ever heard. You're the sorriest laziest people in the entirety of the universe. Try working like POTUS
..geez..how many probes do you want to have...?
Probes? What probes? The ones Repugs keep hinting at but never instigate? Those NEVER would have happened. Never. So stop pretending.
@LindseyGrahamSC I pick mueller over congress if that is the choice. I hope you continue anyway
Lindsey is compromised and needs to shut up.
False.
This is just plain wrong. Watergate had parallel Senate and criminal proceedings. anything, a Special Counsel is a boon for the Senate.
@LindseyGrahamSC I don't trust ANY of you lying self serving politicians. GOP sold their souls to trump
No sweetie. This isn't going anywhere. When you sell your soul to the devil, better make sure you do it right.
Heir apparent "Corrupt Midget" now Bulger Bros Cabal gone. Corrupt Midge Linzi: "won't USA jus let cornpone ol' me git back to Kochsuckin'?"
lol
Your party agreed to the special council so stop complaining
Sen. Graham, WHY are you worried about this?
"Toads return to closets do our 'impotent' work of destroy social safety, NoCare, tax poor/feed rich thieves more than 2 piss-ons combined"
Then figure out how to cooperate.
You're presumably all adults.
#GOP
#Trumprussia
Maybe you shoulda done something when you had the chance
Republicans' really been doing everything to slow down & stop this investigation.
It's my understanding that's a special prosecutor not counsel and honestly I trust him more than I'd ever trust the Senate or Congress
Good. They are useless anyhow.
Buahahaha
"I'm a little asscunt/Short and stout./Here is Pooty'/Drumpf's dinkies/I'll bend over to show you were they spout."
True enough, but Mueller is independent.  We can't rely on our elected officials to not bring politics into this.  You've all proven that!
@LindseyGrahamSC I am so sick of hearing Lindsey Graham and John McCain backstabbing the president!!! Lost all respect!
Graham is poison......
You mean, the probes that were not going anywhere because of stalling tactics.
Seriously @LindseyGrahamSC. You really need to talk to your PR person. Do you not see how guilty this makes you look? #2020
They really weren't doing anything - anyway, so think we are okay with the Special Counsel
Thank God !!  so yu guys can't play any more games, or delays....i'd rather have a tough longer investigation, WITH ARRESTS. than dillydally
@LindseyGrahamSC Boy, you really are terrified about this, going on every news show today to slam the probe. Whatcha hiding?
Sit down Lindsey. Y'all had the chance, and dragged your feet. Let the big guns handle it. Y'all proved yourselves incapable. #TrumpRussia
But will expedite impeachment grounds
You guys in Congress weren't doin' nuthin anyway.
