Fix it
The Republicans failed again and  we will watch you lose all your legislative seats. We need term limits. All failures with media collusion.
ur problem is Trump and NK. Stop the bull shit and focus on what matters!  Stop Trump he is not qualify 4 job!
Medicare for all. Everyone pay monthly premiums. Set price controls prescriptions etc...
Please fix the ACA.   1. Reasonably priced coverage for pre existing conditions. 2. No max lifetime benefits.   3.   No Medicaid cuts.
Love that you laid it out so well.
Failed to add affordable premiums and deductibles.
Boo.  End ObamaCare, but keep collecting the taxes! Is that really what South Carolinians want? It's NOT what I want. Quit stealing from us!
Almost every civilized nation has some form of single payer health insurance.  What the hell is wrong with Republicans that they can"t see.
For god's sake quit beating that dead horse
And do what? Let people go uninsured? What's wrong with these Republicans?
Get rid of that garbage ACA from that incompetent idiot obama.
Republicans made it a disaster by not jumping into a great idea. Rubio started the first crippling.
"....STAGGERING OPPOSITION among registered voters toward RepublicaN efforts..."
Sure, do your job, quit dissing the President and do what you were elected to do!
The ACA is NOT a disaster-but 7 years of reckless attempts to dismantle and defund it has created the uncertainty rocking the health markets
Lindy Graham, u have become an embarrassment.  Start working across the aisle to solve health care. Did u get a job over from the orange one
Get a grip! Fix the ACA! #hennypenny
Short-sighted, against the wishes of most Americans.  We want it fixed, not destroyed.  You are simply wrong and against our best interests.
The healthcare thing is over. Move on and do something or get out.
Approaching WW2 limits ....
Just exactly what IS the disaster Senator
Wow. @JustinTHaskins writes like like an 8th grader's report on a book they never actually read.
Why would it pass it still leaves all taxes except med devices.  So it remains a socialized med fed program.
Tell McCiain to get on the Trump train or you and him are going to get run over.We support POTUS!
Dear Lindsey, your GOP party is unrecognizable. It appears they stand for greed, racism, misogyny, xenophobia and intolerance. Fix it.
What does the Democratic Party stand for? This should be comical.
Figure it out
Anti military as well.
Cite your source that democrats are "anti police." You say they are weak on defense but Repub are "anti-military?" Speaking of enviro...
Concerns, either read about The Dust Bowl or watch Ken Burns documentary on this (Netflix.) you'd be a "tree-hugger" too
We will just agree to disagree.
The President and the American people are the only ones not trying to get rich off people's health insurance. They're playing a chess game.
And the senate didnt do it the people did it u forget them
Universal health care is the answer
Do it or go home for good
And you want to be President?
Fix the ACA!
Sir, enough drama and hyperbole. Show your duty as an American and a leader - fix it, not end it. You sound like Trump. Act like a leader.
Just stop already
With all do respect sir, it's not a disaster...but you all could make it better.  Pretty soon my last 3 kids (ages 21-25) will need it!
How about you have some town hall meetings first?
And by cutting Medicaid, you create an even worse disaster. You have no shame.
You and your GOP cronies caused the 'failure'. Once again you choose party over your constituents. Start representing us!
Sure, end Obamacare...but only if you'll give us Medicare for All!
If Obama's name were not on the ACA, would you racists republicans feel the need to repeal it or would you fix what does not work?
https://www.indianagazette.com/opinion/columnists/obamacare-rage-in-retrospect/article_97f4d437-c6af-56ed-b131-ab74671d7403.html … The black POTUS got his imperfect h/care plan enacted & in general people are better off. Why is GOP so pissy on ACA
Is it because it was the black POTUS who was able to accomplish this? Was it because Congressional HC perks were altered by ACA?
Obamacare was not and is not a disaster. It was a heroic step in the right direction to provide affordable care to all.
The Senate's last best chance to end the Obamacare disaster @dcexaminer

http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/the-senates-last-best-chance-to-end-the-obamacare-disaster/article/2630644 …
What happened with McCain who destroyed all efforts last vote
Town halls?
Respectfully disagree. Please work with those across aisle to repair.
What a disaster
OBama Care Disaster Might Be Fixable Every Republican Initiative HasBeen Cynically Disrespectful to the People Who Make this Nation Great
@SenAlexander @PattyMurray work in committee is the bipartisan approach we need.  Not another R-only mansplain plan. Fix ACA with compromise
@SenToomey you should spend some of your recess talking to @GovernorTomWolf and @SenBobCasey  for good of #RealPA since townhalls too scary
End Obama care...over and over....do you folks realize how silly and mindless you sound ?...NO...if you did you would be talking differently
How about starting with it's not a disaster. It has saved countless lives and bankruptcies. What is wrong with you?
Why is it always just white male Republicans??
Just fix the ACA's road tested problems and we could have what we need! GOP prove you have a for healthcare!
Not "Obama disaster"!It's better than anything recently put up by GOP.Truth is ACA was field tested,now fix it!
You mean he's going to push to fund the bill and fund the insurers?
Senator Graham....haven't we been through this before?
Good luck your leaders coo-coo
The only reason Obamacare's a "disaster" is because it's named after that black guy.
You ppl are disgusting may God have mercy on you
Where is the bipartisanship your buddy McCain spoke of only a little over a week ago. Come together!
Such a disaster, what with people getting cared for and shit. Ugh. Just the worst, all healthy and stuff.
Senator, stop forcing Republican care... all parties must contribute and most important...by doing so the crazies (tea/freedom) marginalized
Very good!
As a representative of your constituents it's past time you started listening to them. It's support and amend Obamacare!
You still are not standing up for our pres.
....then waited for it to fail.  America needs healthcare.  Just fucking work together to fix the goddamn bill already.  #DoYourJob #gop
To the point,excellent!
Quit bullshitting the country!  Just FIX what is in place already.
Oh. My. God.  Just fix it already and give America great healthcare.  Do the right fucking thing.  GOP did everything to weaken the ACA.....
Do you mean Romney care?  Which worked just fine in Massachusetts?  It's time you guys cut the charade and work together to make it better.
of all people that should be pisses about gov corruption and spying your allowing our Pres to be railroaded
It isn't a disaster.  It needs fixing biwhen you lie about it, people will think you lie about everything-Do u lie about everything Lindsey?
Every one of you should resign. That would be a fitting end.
Oh my God, stop!
Not holding my breath.
T has no plan. He shouts orders & threatens, the end. The solution is easy & in place, Medicare for all.
If the Trump admin. Wouldn't be withholding cost sharing subsidies to insurance company's forcing them out of marketplace. ACA would be wkg
Just fix the problems in the existing program. Enough with the repeal and replace bullshit.
You said it and we'll!
I'm disappointed. I really thought you would use this opportunity to provide the leadership to make the Senate great again
You want the truth ACA isn't a disaster it's the corrupt GOP that's a fact
The American people have spoken for Gods sake listen we don't want it repealed or replaced
Will u just give up and stop wasting taxpayers money trying with this BS and worry about the bully in the White House
No trust in any effort that includes repeal. Once repealed the positives of ACA disappear. Pre exist., Medicaid expansion, etc. #FixACA
Here is the deal, you are taking the wrong attitude with healthcare.  Disaster would assume it does not have popularity, it does.
"Disaster"
http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/obamacare-successes-undermine-republicans-repeal-crusade …  Until the Senators drop this hyperbolic BS about "failure","death spirals","disaster"we shld say NO to their plan.
Something credible about fixing current law would be better & might convince some that your motive is something other than dissing Obama.
What is it that your not understanding, u have no plan. Even the insurance companies don't want your plan. Just stop!
Disaster? Hurricane Katrina was a disaster. ACA is simply problematic. That kind of hyperbole is ... disastrous ... for your credibility
Love it,right on!
It's a mistake for you to work with #dirtydeanheller @SenDeanHeller you ppl don't care about making hcr affordable
Stop being a lying liar. Fix Obamacare so that  it's better for those whose hcr declined- done take it away from the millions it has saved.
Who has faith in @GOP at this point? Nothing gets done except obstruction by both Dems and Republicans. Deplorable.
http://www.businessinsider.com/south-carolina-obamacare-affordable-care-act-offerings-2016-10 … People of SC & other states should read factual info about the ACA. "Disaster" is a propaganda word in this case.

Work to make it better? But that doesn't further the RNC agenda, does it now. Y'all are awful people. Just bad.
Thank you for saving the American Ppl from affordable health care! We need more ppl dying younger, no MOLLYCODDLING
This doesn't end Obama care the government is still involved. Just repeal it already or we will repeal you. Do what we were promised
Actually not a bad idea...
It hasn't been a disaster for me, quite the opposite.
What is wrong with you? Fix it! Too many people depend on this.

Are you on opiods? Have you learned nothing???
#Complicit party over people
Drain the swamp
You have sabatoged the ACA by not supporting it...when FDR implemented SSA it had problems....they DIDN'T trash it...they repaired it..
WE DEMAND A BIPARTISAN COMPROMISE NOT SOME MICKEY MOUSE REPUBLICAN ONLY PLAN! GOT IT?????
Just because you Repubs keep labeling it a disaster does not make it so.
Love it,to the point!
It's embarrassing the way Republicans can't compromise with one another yet alone with Dems! And you want more GOP senators to do what? 0!
You're a smart man, Senator. Can't you just figure out a way to redo the troublesome parts? Wouldn't that be easier than starting all over?
Susan Collins
Lisa murkowski
John McCain

They will never repeal it
Disaster? Nope
Republicans should be focus on Impeach Trump
Republicans healthcare bill sucks millions of Americans wouldn't have Medicaid tell the truth
Fox the ACA.  Stop trying to kill us by ripping away healthcare.
Tell ins companies if they don't participate in ACA then no access to Medicare and Medicaid markets Problem solved. Oh and price restriction
Do you really hate low income people this much????
The ACA has been working just fine in California. Hoping it will withstand Trump's attempts at sabotage.
Your childish need to broadly paint Obamacare as a disaster, or that it should end is why you continue to fail.
Give us a break. Fix it and move on.
Oh please such drama queens. Not a disaster and fixable. So tired of the BS. Maybe congress should try adulting for a change and work  2gthr
Get it through your thick heads, Either work with Dems to fix ACA or LEAVE IT ALONE! You don't listen to constituents, we don't reelect YOU!
2 face.  No respect for you. Term limits
GIVE IT A GD REST GRAHAM. Focus on Russia. That's your sweet spot.
When will you just realize ACA is NOT a disaster and helps millions. Work w Dems to better it. We will defeat you AGAIN
Last, best chance entails getting rid of Senators like you and @SenDeanHeller, who, no doubt, will lose his seat. Respectfully.
You lose credibility every day you fail to acknowledge that the White House is a disaster.  Time for a legal and peaceful removal of #45.
You had SEVEN YEARS to come up with a cogent plan. Instead, American public gets poorly conceived not-plans. You all should be embarrassed.
Please stop referring to it as a disaster. Look at the good that it has done, but there are plenty of opportunities to improve it.
Unless you get rid of the rep party will be voted out and new people will be put in place. Wes will repeal and replace you all
Free free spare the costs, more of your money to take care of everyone. Tax the hell out of the working man, not enough millionaires to pay
Christ Jesus will you GIVE IT UP?
You guys are the disaster. You and our Russian president, whom you are enabling.
How about no?
will you stop already, you sound like a broken record.
Have to tell u If u dont start supporting our president we the people will no longer support anyone who disrespects him,Simple,easy
Senators we are supposed to have the same Healthcare you do and that's all we are going to accept
The ACA is not a disaster
Even the health insurance companies say it's sabotage from DC that's causing the spiral. #SinglePayer
Exactly. A self-fulfilling prophecy.
With all due respect Sen Graham you guys have already shot your wad. Time to move on.
Crap if you are involved.  FREE MARKET SOLUTION
It isn't a disaster. It's saved lives! It just needs to be fixed, not wiped out.
The biggest disaster about #obamacare, aka romneycare, is that it is #SinglePayer or #UniversalHealthcare
Huh?
Get rid of the mandates or it is a non starter Lindsey we the Deplorables Repubs & Dems alike are coming after u here in SC if u don't
Start fighting for Trump's agenda.
Did you ask Mccain if he approved ??
Our country has been dismantled by Donald Trump and Russia & your worrying about taking healthcare away people to keep the rich a tax break
If you think Obamacare is a disaster, just wait until you see the idiocy of your party on full display. Try caring about people not #GOPenis
Instead of worry about taking healthcare from Americans want to worry about the Russian trader in the White House
I see three men who could fix it and make it "America Care" ... or will they prefer to harm millions?
The disaster y'all have been railing on for 6 years and now have no idea how to fix it because you just bitched about it around the cooler?
Now you sound just like Trump again, just when I thought you found your spine again Lindsey!
The current occupant of the White House is at best a petulant child lacking the intelligence and temperament to lead.  Do something.
Passing the buck....make the states decide who lives ..who dies...you do this...it's on you. Here's your 30 silver pieces Graham.
Shut up with Obamacare disaster.  You have no workable solution.  Fix it or go single payer and shut the hell up
Your time would be better used to end the Trump presidency disaster
According to Sen. Hatch you are moving on from health care to taxes actually he said you all (and I quote) "shot your wad" on health care!
What happen to working across the aisle as mentioned by @SenJohnMcCain
It's NOT a disaster! Make the damn REIMBURSEMENT PAYMENTS!
Come on Lindsey! Reach across the aisle. Fix the ACA with the D's. Be adults and work together for the good of everyone.
with all due respect senator Graham, its not called Obamacare. call it what it is... your hate for President Obama is quite evident.
Do your job and support our president, tired of you looking for attention and acting like a democrat.
Wake up,u r in the minority.No reinventing the wheel in healthcare.Fix what we have.
Graham returns to form. Who was that Mr. Bipartisan masked man last week? Are there GOP doppelgängers on the loose?
if heller got a million, how much did you get?
It is not a disaster Ms.Thing
GOP needs to grow a pair. Full repeal period! Anything less and many law makers will be out of work.
Senator, respectfully, stop this nonsense!  Fix needed areas of ACA.
Then we say illegals r working, paying taxes but they get more help then citizens who can't afford premium or deductible. Real Fair! Deport
Give it up, Lindsey. You're making a fool of yourself. Why not try governing responsibly for a change?
Please follow the courageous example of your friend @SenJohnMcCain and support bipartisan committee process. This plan is not realistic...
And will be rejected by American voters because they don't want to 1) have big cuts to Medicaid and 2) blow everything up. Your plan...
Is for states to come up with something by 2020? That's nuts, remember how hard it was for states to get ACA exchanges going on their own?
And then have the money run out a few years later? Why would states even want to sign up? AND have the big cuts to prenatal and disabled HC?
People don't want a mess, they want to improve the existing system. Help states like Minnesota and Alaska who are work to improve their...
Health systems with fed support. We want more of that, not the pro-abortion cuts to healthcare for unborn babies that you are pushing.
I would debate @LindseyGrahamSC anytime any place on his record and values and senate voting history! #pathetic #voteout
You try anything and we'll have your job boy
Fix it
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenDeanHeller let's get all those illegals off Medicaid. 1 illegal alien 5 babies in U.S & 5 kids gets Medicaid & FdStamps
@AltUSPressSec here I fixed his tweet:
Come on Graham... support single payer. You guys have made millions supporting insurance. Support us for a change. Yes?
Republicans need to get over their Obama hate and let us have healthcare!
Amen,Amen!
I really don't know why the Rep's keep calling this a disaster, millions of ppl are alive thanks to this plan
Shut it Lindsey, just fix it.


Additionally Lindsey ought to take down his profile photo.. it makes him look smug holding his head held high like he’s above the people!
Boo. You suck sometimes. So exhausting.  Work with insurers to stay in the market.
Will you give it up just FIX OBAMA CARE STOP WASTING OUR TIME
Republicans need to show some pride and be resolute to get this done. @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski  @KennedyNation
work together to improve what's broken and show the country you bozos are capable of acting like real men
People like Lindsey and McCain are the disaster !  Caused bill to not pass! @SenJohnMcCain Both useless looking for tv time daily! @POTUS
..and I meet all of the requirements to run against @LindseyGrahamSC
I feel like I should run against @LindseyGrahamSC I am 100% w/Trump and possess core conservative values & im not a kiss a*s or sell out..
Please take McCain advice n work with Dems n fix#ACA.
Jfc not @BillCassidy plan
It's only a disaster (even though it's not) because you've made it so. Shame on you. People suffer from Repub's sabotage. Build don't crush
I'm more interested in how much Russian $$$ you, Ryan, McConnell & others accepted. How much?
Aren't you supposed to be on recess? Everybody else went home!
The only "disaster" is your party's constant sabotage. The ACA was the *conservative* plan, but you couldn't stand Obama winning. Shameful.
Government Report Finds Drastic Impact of Climate Change on U.S.
How about you stop sabotaging the ACA?
Well... well welll.. we all know @LindseyGrahamSC is a traitor and trump obstructionist .. let’s get Lindsey Graham THE HELL OUT OF OFFICE!
Shame on you stop terrorizing America
Stop writing treasonous bills to undercut my @POTUS  You should be ashamed of yourself!!!
You have made it a disaster rather than help make it better. Shame on you--we will not forget.
What are you doing about the disaster we have in the WH?Trump has pretty much dumped a load of  in the people's house ! He's insane!#Resist
When will you stop pretending you are looking out for "the people"?
I like what you're saying.  My premiums for my employer-provided plan have more than tripled since Obamacare.  Something has to give.
Graham. U RINO. Govt block funding? That's govt run. OUR TAX DOLLARs it's RINOS LIKE U NOT DOING WHAT VOTERS WANT. Trump won. REPEAL.
