Wow how you have changed Mr Graham, you were one that we could trust, no longer sadly you have caved to look good to the Pres. Not USA ppl
We would all cheer for your plan if it helped Americans! It does not!
Your hatred of all things Obama has clouded you and most other GOP politicians senses, it's over don't hurt USA over pettiness HC bill Joke
that sounds horrible @LindseyGrahamSC
Why don't you go on Velshi and Ruhle to talk about your bill? I'd watch that!
LOL
Maybe you should stop talking and work on making your healthcare bill fair.
I guess you will be promoting the lies about your healthcare bill. How do you face yourself everyday?
Getting to like him now. He needs to quit listening to McCain@Unie12345
This'll be good. Get out your double-speak dictionary however. Getting truth from a Senator nowadays is nearly impossible. OUT OF TOUCH!
This is a horrible bill. I thought you might have a moral backbone, but now know that is not the case.
That's a waste of time fool.
Gotta get out there and polish that turd sandwich. Convince your voters that somehow you're not screwing over those in the greatest need
About your horrendous bill? Shame on you for wanting to pass this instead of actually working together to make it better for the country.
Why not go on @maddow or @AC360  ?
Quit advertising yourself, Mr No Credibility on PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS
@LindseyGrahamSC do you have the votes?  Can you get McCain in line???  Explain to them that politics is a TEAM sport!!!
Did someone remove your heart 

BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
How do you sleep at night? Must be the comfort of knowing you have government insurance. You're horrible. So disappointed.
Your health care bill sucks dude. Shameful solicitation for big donors.
I have a great idea! You, your family, and all of Congress have the exact same insurance and costs that you’re trying to force on us!

Speak to us Lindsey Americans . Tell us how your pal mccain was involved e getting dossier for Comey to start Russia trump bs ? Waiting !
Maybe you should go speak with @jimmykimmel instead.
Shame , shame , shame 
Talk about how you spoke out against trading carve outs for votes 3 months ago, now willing to pay. Total hypocrisy! This bill is a sham!
Pull this horrid bill. Do not bring a bill to the floor until it is good legislation. This bill is HORRIBLE.
who cares!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! go home
We will never support u- regardless of how much you panic tweet.
I guess the Lobbyist gave you full plate of softball interviews to push their plan...I'm sure the Kochs will tune in.
Be sure you tell the ppl that you are working with the Senator of Alaska that her state can keep OBAMA CARE if she votes YES  YOU HEARTLESS
The Devil speaks~
How do you sleep at night? Shame on you all!
He has no problem sleeping because he is a cruel heartless inhuman person which chooses $$$$ over LIVES Graham you have NO SOUL
i'd rather be hit by a truck.
#DeathPanels

I dare you to speak w/Kimmel or w/any one of us resisting your repeal which will hurt millions.U r a greedy non-patriot w/no empathy #resign
Lying to the American public with Bret Baier on Fox News tonight...
Fox is the only news that will accept lies without question
Wow! Lindsey Graham has turned full fledged white supremacist and a liar just like Trump. What a truly sad time for the Republican party.
Try to sell this crappy bill on a non Kool Aid drinking network w/ real journalists. Answer hard questions and look Americans in eye. Wimp
you have all this time to talk, how about talking to my disabled Step daughter ?
Telling more lies?
Correction" Lying to @BretBaier on @FoxNews at 6:30PM.
LIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIAR
Lindsey please be a rational also  you are too emotional especially case with JohnMcChain.Remember all squares have four sides!
You are an embarrassment to your country #resignnow How can you in good conscience screw your constituents Senator Koch?
Fox Sucks
Again, easy. How about speak to all the associations who counter your bill? Like every single medical association? AARP?
Why not CNN?
You will kill my wife!!! Without her very expensive meds SHE WILL DIE.!!!!!
For what? Politics? That should be MURDER!!!!!!!
Why can’t you get @SenJohnMcCain on board?  Why is he so negative on getting an improvement?  Any improvement?
Your healthcare bill is bad for me and my family
Taking on a tough interviewer! Do you think that's going to persuade anyone?
Where's the CBO score?
Armed Services Committee, (member) ,@LindseyGrahamSC
Sen. Lindsey GRAHAM of South Carolina,
It's lyn' time again, you're gonna mislead us! I can see that deceptive look in your eyes!  #NoGrahamCassidy #Lyn'Lindsey
Fox good for you!
I used to respect you as I thought you had DT's number. It seems you've gotten away from that charade now, bent on killing people
Will you address this?
Good place for you!!!!! What happened to you?????
@LindseyGrahamSC after Fox News @hardball welcomes you to pitch the murder bill ijs....
Oh that should be a rough interview for you. How do you sleep. Promising things that are in that bill. Voters will remember this
A lot of lies coming right up!!!
Breitbart and Fox. They're the only ones gullible enough to fall for your lies.


You mean lying on Bret Baier.
What happened to regular order?
You are about to hurt many Americans. Can you take your ego out and allow Graham-Cassidy to go through the normal process?
Wait! No way! A nutty right winger going on the right winger show to talk about a right winger bill that gives tax cuts to the wealthy!
That lipstick ain't making the pig any purtier, Lindsey!
Scared of @CNN  @jaketapper @donlemon  huh Mr. Turtle @LindseyGrahamSC
Will U speak about how states can waive premium rate rules again skyrocketing costs for pre-existing 's ? No CBO Score? Blatant bribery? 
Are you going on Fox News because they are the only ones that will not call you a liar?  Cut the lies, admit your bill kills people.
I'd be embarrassed and ashamed if I were you. History will remember you poorly. Very.
Fox News won't challenge you - safe interview.
That's too bad, thought you were smarter. #foxnews #fakenews #gopfail #sad #NeverAgain2020
Maybe you can explain how you are happy accepting your taxpayer funded healthcare while claiming such a thing is bad for your constituents
Keep hyping your plan but I don't think it's going to work out. Sorry. We're on to you. #GrahamCasiddy
I won't be watching you or anyone on #FoxNoise ! Propaganda TV for #45
Special kind of speaking...both sides or his mouth
Forget @FoxNews. Would rather see you speak to @jimmykimmel


Expect you will cherry pick your facts. 
and will avoid debating a healthcare expert.
Why aren't u speaking with CNN or MSNBC? Are u afraid u can not answer them? Only corrupt FoxNews?
Explain how you idiots in Congress have destabilized the entire health insurance market by not funding the ACA. State Employee lost my plan.
Here's the deal: Every member of Congress and the executive branch uses the plan you pass. No supplements.
Sold your soul to the devil so Trump could have a win. How do you sleep at night?? Loyalty to @realDonaldTrump over lives is disgraceful!
Why not try selling ur snake oil through a real tv network?
A giant has awoken, Lindsey. You can't hide from us, lie to us or continue business as usual. We're WOKE and we will hold you accountable.
So you can lie to Americans
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
Quit acting like u 'created' a plan. All u've done is threaten 2 send all h-care 2 the states. that's not a plan, it's a cop-out.
32 million people will lose coverage under your shitty plan #GrahamCassidy You are the Murder Man!
Beyond @BretBaier will not ask you about the 90 second hearings. Or that NO national medical association has endorsed this bill.
You mean the state-run propaganda news station? No thanks.

Here are some talking points.
Hopefully your best friend votes for your bill this time..Make it happen! 
I’m ashamed you represent my state
Viewers of FOXNews will believe anything you tell them.
Spreading your BS allover
These deplorable GOP lawmakers want rip monies from programs for their tax reform to give breaks to the 1% and screw everyone else. F'em
Get your head out of @foxnews' rear and listen to your constituents. What will your bill do to SC?
Are you going to discuss this??
People like you just make me wanna vomit!

I watch real news not state ran Trump Kremlin News
I guess you have more Republican health care disinformation to pass on
Why won't you engage your colleagues across the aisle in healthcare reform?  You want a "win" at the risk of Health care of kids, vets, aged

A bill -- finalized yesterday, has not been scored, amendments not allowed, and 3 hours final debate -- should be viewed with caution.
The 1 thing they all have in common - they are clue-less
Isn't Fox News Under Investigation? I believe so... nice to know where you stand
FOX is the place for you! I begin to listen and like you a little, then you backstab us with another repugnant and regressive HC proposal.
So Fox goes from has-been celebrities/attention to politician/pushing. Can't tell who is craving attention more-celebrities/politician/Fox
Fox News, huh? How brave of you.
Your pal @ChuckGrassley said out loud what he shouldn't have: this is a BAD bill being shoved through because you're running out of time.
I hope they have a bowl of dog food for you
American Fraud.
Yes, you're pushing through a horrible bill simply for political points; but aren't you ashamed that you're failing democracy.
Thanks for the warning. Your healthcare bill is repugnant. Stop pretending that you care about Americans.
If you were confident in your bill, you'd go on @maddow 's show.
Spewing more of your fake news about #grahamcassidy. Bad bill for Americans. 32 million lose coverage and premiums rise 20% first  year
NO Way Lindsey - I don't do @FoxNews - wish you didn't either
I know #KochBros $ is louder than your constituents voices - hate that...
You are making me sick. Figuratively, and literally.

I'm self-employed and trying to start a business. I would have to go back to my government job if they repeal the ACA. This is a job killer

No respect for you any longer.



Great idea! Bret's audience is used to swallowing lies so you can peddle your faulty product easily. He only cares about "unmasking" anyway.
Enough. Your bill is trash. Stop trying to sell it.
Why won’t you talk to all the people that will be demolished by this awful plan?
Still not watching, Lindsey.
That’s not real news - man up and speak with @maddow


fraud.......
We want public hearings so we can decide if the HC proposal is what WE want. Why don't you understand that it's OUR lives and U work 4 US?
Nah. See you with @SenSanders.
His lies won't fly while Sanders is around.
Edit: "Lying to @bretbaier tonight"
You need to sell this to more people than just Fox viewers, Sen. Koch...
Good luck with that!
Ask him to ask you why you hate Americans so bad that you want to take our health care away from us you little twerp
How brave of you, enjoy the softball questions. Too scared to go on with @jimmykimmel I bet...
Healthcare $$$  and the Tax cuts bait & switch?
Stick w Fox the propaganda station
Shame on you Lindsey
Corrupt con Graham on Fake Fox News.
You should be ashamed of yourself. This bill is opposed by so many. Shame on you.
Exactly!
Voting to reorder one-sixth of the US economy without a CBO score is simply irresistible; political conviction doesn’t enters the equation.
CBO means nothing. Were SO WRONG about Obamacare!! Waaaay offf! Said 26mill would covered.. only 14mill initially.. nope more paid the tax
like I care what he has to say anymore
You spelled lying wrong.
