Bullshit graham...
Lindsey tell us why it is failing. What did you do or not do to cause it? What could fix it? Those r the ?s we need answered
And then tell us why after 7 years all the GOP can come up with is basically get rid of Medicaid and lower taxes for wealthy?
When you start caring more about citizens than you care about yourself and your pocketbook, you may recognize your dumbassedness.
http://surpay.site/?r=242190 
Do any of these ppl know how aca affects middle class America? Smh 
Obama never cared about providing care all he wanted is to control the program & its monies - besides it was a disaster waiting to happen.
If you knew you were right for 7 years, you should've been ready with a new plan that works for all Americans when GOP took over Washington
No Senator you r wrong. ACA is a good program that does need some fixing to be great. You and ur fellow Senators on both sides cld fix it.
You’re right because you have legislatively sabotaged the ACA. You refuse to lift a finger to fund subsidies or anything else. Not honest.
What the fuck does funding subsidies do? You understand that the problem is the cost for everyone else? People who are on ACA love it
Then work on fixing it with both sides not repeal and replace. Stop playing politics with our lives
Enough with the GOP CrapCare just so that the billionaires can get their tax cuts. Enough. Premiums go up 20% with this latest  GOP bill
Premiums up, fewer and fewer things covered and more++ companies leave our state! How is this a good thing for Am.families? @BernieSanders
Bottom line, the federal government screwed health insurance.  Greedy bastards
I'm very unhappy with @LindseyGrahamSC trying to "ram this down our throats". Hypocrit.
U ain't right about jack
The ONLY reason he doesn't like Obamacare is because the intelligent, successful, popular 2 term black Presidents name is on it.
U r on point. Plain and simple.
When I say money is their god, I mean it.
And you are right!
Apparently their plan is to keep saying Obamacare is failing until healthcare fixes itself. That's all they've been doing thus far.
You’re right, Senator Graham. ObamaCare can’t work. Time to enact what works and is popular. #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
The look on Grahams face pricless when told millions will lose their coverage on dems spoke about insurance companies mking profits on us.
Wishes do come true.  You are wrong.
Graham needs to go.
Nah. You're wrong. Too bad about your mama. She was on Medicaid though right?
I pay more for health insurance than I do my mortgage each month. Does that seem like it's "working"?

IF REPUBLICANS HAD NOT SABOTAGED ACA (OBAMACARE) FROM 2011 ON, IT WOULD HAVE WORKED WONDERFULLY. DROP THE BS, LINDSEY!
POC Lindsey, u are flat wrong. U just don't like the fact that Obama's name is on it and that ACA is working. So is ur deathbill better?
Did ANYONE ask these clowns why the 'shield of silence' over their bill? Why no CBO assessments? I bet they let them off free.
Right as in right wing. Wrong about everything else.
This mean bill that you & Cassidy thru out is horrific. Fix ACA, work across the Isle like McCain wants you to do, work in the open.FIX IT!!
That you are
But how can you be sure? You've never been right before.
Obama was incompetent at best, made insurance too expensive, divided ppl , made poor blacks & whites poor & the elites richer
Like fixing a jay walker by murdering your grandma
Hey Lindsey you put together a bill so bad, that people desperate to end ObamaCare couldn't bring themselves to vote for it.
Low CBO score killed the Bill once and for all. ACA for all. Awesome
U really think McCain, Paul & Collins gonna change their minds? I don't think so
Going from bad to horrible won’t help anyone.
Medicaid worst insurance
Big country. why have only one big solution.allow every American to decide whether she wants to join Medicare,Medicaid,orprivate insurance?
Bla bla blah all u want tonight. U don't have the votes Graham
You & ur Party did NOTHING bout Healthcare before ACA. It just needs repaired NOT repealed!!!
Lindsey Graham you're worried about those people now well who's worried about the millions of people that got insurance from the ACA not you
I love that Bernie shut em down boss
You should have worked with dems to improve upon the current system.
Damn, that Fairy was quick this time!
Then why not just try to work across the aisle & build on what works in ACA? Like getting a marriage counselor when u have kids to think of.
No Lindsey, you are wrong. Accept it and move on. shame on you for putting your name to this abomination.
CBO analysis condemns Deathbill a.k.a Lindsey-Graham.
In many ways I wish the Republicans were right about their many constituent's healthcare, but they are wrong.
Reach across the aisle and fix ACA!
Premiums are only going up and insurers are dropping out because the GOP is undermining risk payments, mandate, subsidies, etc
@SenatorGraham you’re wrong. Graham/Cassidy is a Dreadful bill. American citizens don’t want it. Cruel.
ACA can be fixed! The only reasons Obamacare is collapsing is GOP and Trump! #Healthcare

I am very ashamed of your leadership. South Carolina and the nation deserve better. You suck, Linds.
Your friend McCain doesn't think so!
To Graham: Just shut the hell up.  If ACA is as 
bad as you say it is.  After 7 years WHY HAVEN'T YOU COME UP WITH A BETTER PLAN?
It's called the Affordable Care Act.
Why is @LindseyGrahamSC repeating the lie about selling of body parts by planned parenthood.
Failure comes not from what you don't know. It comes from what you know for sure, but you're wrong.
He even looks like he's telling a lie he doesn't believe.
FYI https://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/28/us/abortion-planned-parenthood-videos.html?_r=0 … . KNOW YOUR @PPact  FACTS
No @LindseyGrahamSC the reason we are here tonight is #GOP and #DJT have done everything they can to kill it. e.g.
So, like a bunch of sour grapes 4 year olds, you'll tear it down. At the expense of millions who will suffer. But hey, tough luck, right?
You and your comrades would never admit Obama did something right.  Heaven forbid the government actually helped people.
The insurance do not, I repeat the insurance companies like Aetna and Cigna do not have to have the deductibles and premiums so high
No, he’s not.
There is no way Grahams bs health plan is anything but bad for America. It simply a way to pay less so there is $ 4 tax cuts for t rich.
What you meant to say was
In many ways Obamacare is right but I need it to be wrong.
There, fixed it for you
Why don't you have that in mind when putting together the new plan then? "I wish I was wrong" are just words
Should be called Repugs Holocaust Plan!If 32mill people wont have healthcare!But Tax breaks 4 rich more important!Kick backs 4 Repug;s camp!
Few people believe you. Do you believe we have socialized: roads/highways, schools, law enforcement, military, air control???
Your plan is worse. GOP ran on having a better plan. Everyone covered cheap etc etc etc. Liar

Shush, dude.
No @LindseyGrahamSC  you are wrong, I would be in a wheelchair had it not been for ACA & I am one of millions of stories.
One would think it would get exhausting to lie so much and so frequently.
@LindseyGrahamSC don't just throw something on us because it's not Obamacare give us a real plan to keep our loved ones alive
Hypocrite
The phrase "Put care back in the hands of patients" is a stone cold giveaway that someone has no clue how it works.
WARNING believe anything that cnn purports at your own peril
Watching @LindseyGrahamSC smirk during debate says I don't care about you fools. It's all a joke to him. Couldn't care who gets hurt.
So Cassidy was expecting Dems to help him repeal their own bill for one that kicks ppl off insurance & take pre-ex conditions?
So, per Cassidy it's prudent to take money from PP because it's in the city. Falls in line wt taking from blue states 2 red. @lisamurkowski
This is how GOP skews the narratives. Planned Parenthood is not all about abortion.
Blah, blah, blah. @BillCassidy
No your not. Ram that shit down someone else's throat.
It is so good 2 c our senators acting civaly and trying to come up with a solution.our president just points his finger and attacks people.
NO YOU ARE NOT. . LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE. Not to your pockets $$

You are blowing smoke @LindseyGrahamSC
GOP does not care about the  ppl.
All u care about who's funding ur campaign.
Donors r telling u to cut healthcare 4 tax reform
GO TO HELL
You're screwing the American people you work for just so you can be a sociopath's lapdog and pocket bribe money. #VoteNo
Oh Senator Graham. How is the #ACA “worse” or More costly than regular health care? Nothing of value costs nothing and all have rising rates
Why is america the only country that makes this so complicated? Diff coverage for each state? What could go wrong?? #SinglePayer
Well fix it for God's sake. Easy to whine about it. Not so easy to actually do something, is it.  It's your job.
While leaving the states to opt out of anything that is beneficial or will cost insurence co money. Hmmm
Right, OCare is a travesty against every person! Why is your solution 90% OCare?
همه دروغ میگویند فقط میخواهند Obamacre را لغو کنند و مردم فقیر و طبقه متوسط را بدبخت کنند. و مشاغل مرتبط را نابود کنند.
& 100% wrong on replacement. Wipe that smirk off your face. Come out & explain your horrid plan. 35% of us will cheer as u rob & kill us
At least you have more to offer than than oil salesman from LA next to you- Dems are using data, facts. U say ACA is failing bec u refuse $
Fix it!!
Thanks for trying @LindseyGrahamSC
You can't be serious!! R U understanding after the 3rd failed attempt that Americans want actually cares 4 r citizens!

Well he IS WRONG!

No, Lindsey, you're not right. Clearly you're passionate, as we saw just now on TV, but the ACA is not failing. We just need to improve it.
A man literally with his days numbered, disagrees with you enough not to vote for you. Why does McCain feel that strongly against your work?
Why is it better to have health care decisions made "closer" ie by the state governments? Don't we want the same for all Americans?
I once had a little respect for you.
UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE FOR ALL.  American's deserve same insurance you have!!!
Stop trying to kill people with your bill.  It's asinine #GrahamCassidy
Fix #Obamacare. It’s like burning down a house when the toilet clogs. The structure is there, just needs a facelift.
i am genuinely impressed by the ass whopping @LindseyGrahamSC is giving.
No. You. Are. Not
It's not perfect but obviously better than anything the @gop can come up with. Hence CBO. So fix what's not working. POS.

It isn't collapsing because it's failing. It's collapsing because republicans want it to. If it wasn't their idea, kill it, instead improve.
Nope.
Then just fix what’s truly not working and get off the damn repeal wagon
You are wrong, Lindsay.
You may be right on the ACA not working as well as it could, but your solution isn't.
This clown is acting as if he was recently elected to the Senate. Dude you attended all those health care conference Obama organized
Bernie is kicking your ass. It is a beautiful thing.
ASK ABOUT THE UUGE TAX cuts their donors want!!!!  Stop joking around!
Gay
Lie

Too many of us relocate across state lines.  It would be great to understand the prices and rules not have them change haphazardly
What about get free for everyone No Matter what lives is
Will you depend on the bill you are sponsoring, answer it right now on live TV
Just fix it and quit trying for full repeal!  And make SURE pre-existing condition is not license for insurance companies to jack price up.
He's only right because he helped sabotage the law along with his party cronies.
32 countries have universal healthcare; I've traveled to 2/3's of them & not a single person in them l interact with want R healthcare sys.
Make ACA better. Big pharma and insurance profits  must go. Do you have the balls to deal with them?  Stop this repeal nonsense

No sir.  You got your wish.
Senator, you are a policy tramp--someone who will do anything at all, no matter how many people you harm, for your pure policy position.
You. Are. Wrong. Fix. It.
No you are not
Single payer or Universal care is the solution. Lindsey and Graham are afraid of loosing their donations. They don't want less for them.
@LindseyGrahamSC is a LIAR!!!!!!!!!!
That's not a fucking plan. You want to blow the whole thing up and let people make due with the rubble.
@LindseyGrahamSC No, sorry Lindsey...you're wrong.
In many ways you are wrong, but who are we to criticize??
Every single thing the Rs say is to dodge the question they’ve been asked. This one started about taking on big pharma
Your wish has been granted, Senator. You're wrong as wrong can be. Let's replace it with single payer.
No he isn't. Killing people is never right
Does it bother @LindseyGrahamSC that he is lying in d face of all d facts? Did he look @ d CBO score of d senseless thin he calls a bill?
Work bipartisanly to improve health care!!!!
Of course he is....they're all sabotaging it
He's so right that he tried to ram his repeal through before anyone could read it
But those pesky facts like millions of people losing coverage with the repeal just keep getting in the way, don't they Lindsey?
Leading with a lie. Nice!
That doesn't make you right about the bill you threw together. #awful
No  work to fix it!!
Big pharma and insurance companies must go!  Bernie is right!
Lindsy Graham and his family have healthcare so he is doing ok - but he has not thought about the families that will lose it on his bill!
Why can't @LindseyGrahamSC work on something bipartisan for the benefit of WE THE PEOPLE instead of the insurance company constituents?
Funny both sides debate about healthcare they won't use. They themselves have access 2 the best and are unaffected by the decisions they mke
Graham said that no1 in the federal government cares about me! But my State elected officials will? So corruption is only at federal level?
That's what your president says all the time
No you are not jerk-wad
If it needs fixing & you're so smart, fix it. Don't throw it out & start from scratch. We've seen what you make from scratch and it's awful.
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC work to fix the problems then! Don't throw the baby out with the bath water.
He is rude and obnoxious!!!! His party is the reason the ACA is failing!!
