I don't believe Graham at all if true investigation would be OVER
Traitor Graham
I thought Senator Graham was going to stand for the truth, but I see it's still party before country.
Lindsey Graham is ALWAYS wrong. POTUS is in BIG trouble
Liberal media still in a lather about Trump  they don't have any proof so they just make up stories. Remember Dan Rather LOL
Comey's testimony showed TRUMP was RIGHT again. He was NOT under investigation.
Gayle's upset

@CBSThisMorning Question:  when hasn't Russia tried to influence USA elections. 2016 no different.
Leaker you are leaking if ypu know this for sure
Lindsey Graham is a pandering old nelly queen. he knows damn well that is not how things work. he's staying on Trump's good side.
Way to guess conclusions that haven't even been voiced.
Good to know that in the future if any Democrat, no matter the position,  similar circumstances the Mighty GOP will give their full support
Mueller not done! Why justifyTrump’s lying, defensiveness &, deception? Plse stand up for America instead of Trump, Russia $$ & Koch bros.
Libtards snowflakes you ain't going to get it!!!! LMFAO!!!!

How much dirt does 45 have on you? This statement shows you're either compromised or just a fool, or both.
Both
Comey's notes are months old.
How do you know?
Because they are dated
Right
It's not his diary. These are offices fbi documents that were filed months ago when he took them.
You know that Mr. Graham because you say so?  Trump obstructed justice. It's as plain as day.  GOP is predictable in cover-ups.
Mmm do you know something that the Intel committees and FBI don't? There's been no public statement about this!  You're losing it big time!
@maddow @tedlieu @jaketapper @Lawrence @bobinglis @JoyAnnReid @VanJones68 has @LindseyGrahamSC no shame? Is he off his meds? 
So u invited Comey to testify so u can make a case against him? Well done Grandpa hope there's enough space in Trump hole for u n McCain
What a joke." Comey leaking enhances his reputation." Bernstein.
America is in the hands of a lunatic and Graham just keeps trying to justify him.
Trump needs to go. He obstructed justice and has acted illegally since elections.
Yea we know who the complete idiot is
That's bullshit and Graham knows it.
Amen! Cut the drama CBS!!!
Just like all the other Rebullicans, soon they're new head of the party will be Putin. Good job, hope you like the winters and cheese there
WHAT were YOU watching????
Comey didn't give any testimony in that regard. Not giving up unclassified info to the public means there's more there. Stop deflecting
You know, Lindsey, the more you and the @GOP stick up for @realDonaldTrump the more you are complicit, before, during and after the election
The investigation is still ongoing. Do you even know how anything works?
Somebody took their Testosterone injection this morning. 
Pretty dumb to conclude that Mueller has made a conclusion at this point. Another lie from Lindsey Graham. Sad.
Graham must think the public is made up of idiots to expect us to swallow that conclusion. An impeachment is different than a criminal trial
Oh Lindsey... please stop all the lies.
Lynch asked Comey to change the wording of a document to protect Hillary, and he did.
"Just call it a matter instead of it investigation"
What an Absurd comment This man has Not been President SIX Months Trying to Intimidate Demanding Loyalty Or Else  His Life SPEAKS For Itself
This is an all out lie Graham
Finally need to get this over with and let Trump be president.
SERIOUSLY? You forget most of us were alive and WATCHED you during the Clinton years.
@LindseyGrahamSC so party and agenda before country and Americans....really....
How does a lawyer make this statement...unless he's trying to be an advocate for one of the parties?
too bad the senator is more party than country. Another republican who is watching his country fail the highest test, honesty.
glad to see you're making an assumption w/o seeing the evidence.
Are u kidding? He asked for loyalty many times, not to his country, to him!  Then fired him. #republicansagainsttrump are who I stand with.
Wishful thinking on Graham's part.
Huh when did mueller announced this ?
Abuse of power; however.
C'mon Lindsey. Decide on a Kool-aid flavor and stick with it. You're Pro-Trump, You're against. Get on the right, non-partisan side of this
Lindsey! The Mueller investigation is just starting! You know this! There is no conclusion! Why are you trashing your integrity?
wait, so #CrookedD firing the guy heading an investigation he asked multiple times to stop doesn't count?
No, unless he thinks like Lindsey Gra HAM  LG can't read. No titled DT Investigation doesn't mean not part of BIGGER INVESTIGATION
Mr. Graham - why are you pretending to know what Mr. Mueller's conclusions are? You know nothing because he has shared nothing with you.
OBSTRUCTION is in the ASKING by @realDonaldTrump , NOT in REACTION by Comey, Coats, or Rogers, the last of whom AGREED to carry DJT's water
There are more & more Americans getting really tired of these politicians that don't have the guts to stand up for America instead of party
How many fed corruption cases have u investigated or tried, Lindsey? Many agencies involved. Fasten ur seat belt, gonna be bumpy ride. $$$$
I am so disappointed by you Sen. Graham. You were once hope. Not anymore.
Traitors are bountiful in America these days. Shameful
Sen graham why would you say that before the investigation is complete? It is irresponsible.
Comey is not a ordinary star witness. He an expert testifying as a fact witness. He knows what his is doing. Graham is spinning too hard.
Comey: He dangled my job. Demanded loyalty. Wanted Flynn case dropped. Wanted Russia cloud lifted. Fired me. 
Trump: I'm totally vindicated!
Beginning to wonder if Lindsey's into three ways.
Shame for lying to the American people.  You have NO idea what Mueller has or will conclude. Did @realDonaldTrump pay u to spew garbage?
complicit
Everytime I hear Graham described as "non partisan, independently minded" I just laugh. When it comes down he's a hack just like the rest.
That's right.
Good luck with that Graham.
Excuse me Mr @LindseyGrahamSC  Why are you so wishy washy? Speak the truth like you know it. Stand 100% behind @Potus! America sees!
when lindsey is happy, it's creepy!  IMO
Maybe. Perhaps he's moved on to the stuff he has the best evidence on...money laundering and racketeering.
History. Wrong side. You're on it @LindseyGrahamSC
Ask graham where did he get his money from pac um russia...
STOP THE SPIN. 1) Comey asked for more resources to continue probe. 2) Your cell phone buddy FIRED him 3) We now have Mueller #GOPRussia
Maybe Comey isn't the star witness.  Maybe the three stooges from yesterday are or possibly the "tapes".
Not sure what he promised you or what Kompromat he has....but whatever he has on you is more forgivable than what you are doing now.  Shame!
It's not up to Mueller.
No Mr.Graham. The facts are that there
Is no conclusion & there will be no conclusion until the investigation is over. SO STOP TRYINGVTO COVER AND DEFLECT.REPRESENT US NOT TRUMP
pee tapes?
Dear America, unlike @LindseyGrahamSC most South Carolinians are not delusional.
Sorry, Lindsey. You seem to be prioritizing party over country. You are a smart man and should be able to see what a trainwreck Trump is.
And you know this because you talk to him
Hahahaha....nice try Lindsay. Trying getting in the patriot lane. You understand he STILL defends Flynn right?  Fired Yates, Preet, Comey...
bull
@CBSNews how can he conclude that trump had his entire klan contact Russia during campaign, Russia obliged ! That obvious!
Partisan politics. The Country comes first. You in Trump's pocket?
Which donors insisted @LindseyGrahamSC make an idiot of himself by towing the false GOP line of defense
#PartyOverCountry Graham is armchair coaching w/out knowing the full players in this #RussianCollusion investigation. Democracy is @ stake
And you do?
I expect your loyalty followed by let this thing go with Flynn is an extension of Trump's initial request. Therein lies the real intent.
I'm waiting for Comey to respond w/ "I can't answer because it's under investigation".
you mean like Coats & Rodgers? Some things are done in private session for a reason
You make no sense! Your entire loyalty is to Potus! No respect from ur constituents!
Obstruction is a political issue in the House not a legal one
So, the sellout of Graham is complete. History, and his constituents will treat him accordingly for his complicity
Whew, that was quicker than I thought it would be too.  Graham showing his true hack colors.
Graham is deep into this and many others.
Nice try but Trump is so corrupt he worked with the mob in Atlantic city, that's as corrupt as you can get/
Sen Graham putting party before country in defending Trump. He should be held accountable when Trump is done destroying our democracy.
He will be by this SC voter.
Know that ur allowing Trump to set all kinds of presidential presidents that erode GOP credibility n our Democracy
I do not always agree with Sen. Graham; but he is a straight shooter and absolutely nailed it here.
Any idiot knows this is obstruction... Lindsey lighten up on the suck up
The investigation is over?
What logic are you using?
why would you tell someone your investigating a person, wouldn't tell him or her give them reason to destroy or hide information
@LindseyGrahamSC based that upon the fact that Mueller is allowing Comey to testify. Misleading quote!

Not so fast u two faced minion
Maybe he's looking into other crimes I don't think GOP would allow mueller unless something was found
TY Sen Graham 4 explaining that acting in an inappropriate manner isn't a crime. Where was this media outrage 4 "inappropriate" HRC server?
Do u see how many trolls comment, u need to block them, 2 followers, 11 followers, etc
Retired Veteran ashamed of @POTUS @VP @GOP U pit American against American spread lies support treason you are everything I fought against
Seriously?  Pick a side Lindsay and quick dragging your feet. You're either an American or a trump/putin sellout

#TrumpLeaks Docs: Sen Lindsey Graham's super PAC took $800,000 from a pro-Putin Ukrainian businessman in 2015

…
Yeah Graham is bad News, your point?
So the GOP plan is 2 delay the inevitable to push their agenda forward continuing to tear this country apart
Did you miss eight years?
Lindsey Graham is trying to straddle the fence. This isn't about Russia this is about obstruction of justice
that makes no sense.  just because comey is speaking in public, doesnt mean Mueller doesnt have a case
But impeachment not a legal process, an impeachable offense is whatever Congress wants it to be, including general incompetence.
And Congress can call it what they will.
You are absolutely right- people and pundits forget this.
