Shame this same notion wasn't held for Russia. The Evil Empire.
The definition of insanity is repeating the same mistakes ......
How about the Saudis? How about the Egyptians? How about the Turks? How about the Chinese?
Happy I left SC for a good job now.
How about Trump's BFF, Putin?
Lol. Good one.
BUT Saudi Arabia can continue their inhumane treatment and REPUBLICANS and TRUMP are OK with that
America first.
oh okay is the US not going to have a relationship with anyone who has poor human rights history ?  Yeah right
they wont.  And have you asked yourself why this is one of the few dictator types that @POTUS has not embraced?
Defunding women's health care, taking away Medicaid for children, disabled, and elders in order to give a 30% tax cut to wealthy is murder.
There the operation of good reason a virtue sorely lacking in the last President who had no moral compass so had no operation of good reason
Actually, they will just probably allow Russia to build a base there.  Thanks for allowing Trump to pay off one of his debts!
right... and they'll change, because we've never tried THIS before.  (Naive much?)
That is not the outcome you will attain by proving America goes back on its word. Putting Americans there in danger, if they are "thugs".
But we can cozy up to the Arab countries that do the same or worse??  What am I missing here?
But we're ok with China, Russia and Saudi Arabia?? Talk about inconsistency. That's bat shit crazy!
but yet he sold billions of $$$ worth of arms to Saudi Arabia  whose record on human rights violations is staggering, hypocrite much?
they already were moron- I spend much time there- we empower them to rise by exposing Cubans to Americans & what we share
Because that worked so well for fifty years?
Shame.  You're acting like a bully.
no, really Lindsey, you should #retire
But not Russia? We all can see that Putin made Trump do this so that a weakened US can't oppose Russian military bases in Cuba.
Tell it to Saudi Arabia, who we just supplied with weapons.
Mr. Graham why aren't you supporting the American peoples chosen PRESIDENT?
Was that back in 1960?  So ruthless today.  Nothing like our friends the Saudi's
Punishment is not the answer.   A hand up is more effective.
I am sure Putin will send you a fruit basket of thanks
And what about the oppressive regime in Saudia Arabia....oh yeah....they have oil and money....silly me!
We deal with governments who do so much worse. This is ridiculous and outdated . Barak Obama was right not 45
Senator we have been for almost 50 years asking  the same why you think they will do it now ?
Mmkay
Of course, they're broke, & in the meantime we take money from Saudis who behead ppl for fun.
China?
Senator have you seen evidence that Cuba changed its policies over the last 50 years?  If not, why return to those same policies.  Curious.
Meanwhile, arms sold to Saudi Arabia-
Stop tweeting and start talking on your own. Trump will not care about you when the shit hits the fan.
Yet we sell weapons to Saudi Arabia and participate in dance rituals with them? Pres turns a blind eye to Russia, but fights Cuba communism?
Sen. Graham, that stance hasn't worked in over 60 years...
Another thing,why does Obama have a spokes person for? Why is Obama still going over seas and discussing with foreign leaders what he plans
Your comments show your interest or not with the people. You represent all the people in South Carolina not just one ethnicity or race
obviously from the responses on your page your constituents don't agree with you. I'm going 2 fight like hell wen its ur re-election time.
Supposed to be leading r nation not sending it backwards to times of segregation and oppression.. is this what you guys really stand 4?
Are not bad for the US they are being changed because they were a black mans legacy. I'm appalled by this childish behavior by men who are
Doesn't Russia do the same thing? But your whole team including your president is in cahoots with them? It's all sickening. These policies
Pot calling kettle...how about the oppressive and thuggish behavior towards women by US congress.  #Delusional
And how is that been going historically...this bill does nothing..all smoke and mirrors and you fell for it
All Trump did yesterday was to invite the Russians into our back yard,
part of his quid pro quo deal with them.
You are a joke
Please don't be a hypocrite Mr Graham. Your sentiments should be applied to all countries violating civil rights. Like Saudi Arabia...
NOW?!
And, yet, this administration thinks Russia is A-ok???!!!
As Russia moves in to do business. Well done, dolts.
Why haven't you demanded investigation on leaks, Loretta Lynch or Seth Rich.
Get the latest #SethRich updates here: http://SethRich.info 

My legal team is still waiting for a reply from US Special Counsel Mueller.
Yes, and Trump Hotels will not have competitors in Cuba! That's the real reason.
How about Saudi Arabia? Russia? China? Israel in the Gaza Strip? Our current gov't towards our most vulnerable?
You flip faster than a pancake.
When will Americans have a President that doesn't display thuggish behavior?
Perhaps the President should do the same.
That was our policy for 50 years.  How did it fare?
You think it will suddenly change after all these years?  We are the change. Pass the olive branch. The people of Cuba should suffer no more
If that BS, deviant healthcare bill is allowed to be pushed thru w/o hearings, transparency, you'll NEVER be elected again.
That was happening, MORON- increase Western patronage to influence & empower the people & make them want what we have, MOR
just like Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Turkey?
What about Putin his Patriotic Hackers and the Oligarchs Thuggish Behavior? Why didnt POTUS lead Western Allies with Multilateral Sanctions
Like Saudi Arabia has?
Or let Trump build hotels or 'mar a lago' really south
Yea Big Bad Cuba deserves POTUS immediate Attention while ongoing RussianCyberWar against Western Democracies overlooked. Dereliction ofDuty
Well said! Always thought the initial deal wasn't sufficient -- not much change required.,& the fugitive Joanne Chesmart return?
You mean like Saudi Arabia?
Like Saudi Arabia? Like Russia? Like our countless other "friends" who are utter garbage. Stop fighting last century's war. Dumdum
What about Trump's oppressive and thuggish behavior? I think Cuba is a democratic wonderland compared to Trump's America.
do your job and do what is right for the American people, vote against TrumpCare and his Budget, the people can't be fooled
That won't work
When will Trump and the Republicans change their oppressive policies ( ACA, immigrants, women, Muslims....) and their thuggish behaviour?
You know what. The #trump decree is extremely loose. We have to apply the Helms-Burton law 100%. No more trips to and from #Cuba. @POTUS
Do you really believe that the tyranny of the Castro family will change with the actions f the current administration?I don't think so #Cuba
No, I don't believe the regimes will change, but I do now have hope that sanctions will be enforced. We shall see.
Look to Dept of Treasury.
'cause that was so effective before?
are you and @SenJohnMcCain going to send your buddies #ISIS after them to make up for #BayofPigs ? #infowars #cuba
Yeah, because that worked so well for the 50 years prior to the Obama deal. What's Trump have on you, Lindsey?
This people are not going to change,  ever
45 chose to "lecture" Cuba and restore sanctions and to give contracts to Middle East states who deny rights to non-Muslims, women and gays.
R u even republican? And what about all the modest and eEurope regimes he could care less about - oh yeah not an Amer voting block Got it
Yup, they dragged their feet too long. No more BS excuses
Hahaha u just praised going back to oppression and thuggish behavior by turning back to policies for 50 years before Pres Obama
Maybe could focus on real  thugs in north korea
It is mind blowing how unbelievably biased an uninformed you really are. Yeah, let's support China, Russia, Saudi Arabia, but pick on Cuba?
You don't seem to care how China acts. This is pure politics.
Might wanna take a look closer to home first Senator
Any idea how to change Trump and GOP's oppressive and thuggish policies? That would really help us out.
Agree
sir we still friends with the Saudis. Chinese and great admiration for Putin, but Why not Cuba ?
You are a definition of Hypocrite sir. Where you in a coma when he went to Saudi Arabia? Can you really tell me why that was ok n Cuba is nt
Because that policy worked so well the first half-century it was tried.
so the 50 year+ embargo with no change in thug behavior wasn't enough to convince you we need a new approach?
As well as the oppressive and thuggish behavior going on in the White House!
What about Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and a host of other regimes that we claim to be "friends. "
Now we just need the Trump regime to the same...maybe u could put sanctions on the President? Pressure him 2 act Presidential or something
China. Saudi Arabia not so good on human rights.
50 yrs and no changes? Time to try something new. And why only Cuba regarding human rights?? #hypocrite
But the people
@LindseyGrahamSC @marcorubio  You guys are too young & ignorant!  You should have watched China change!  Capitalism did it!  @SenJohnMcCain
Why don't you require the same for Saudi Arabia, China, Turkey, Libya, Laos, Vietnam, Ethiopia, Iraq, and Afghanistan?
What are your views on our trading partners China, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Egypt?
But it's ok for the Saudi's!! Hypocrites
Or they just won't, small gains will be lost, more people will suffer.
For a little while now, I have been questioning your critical thinking skills. It alarms me. No wonder you're a jokester. It's a good cover.
They didn't in the previous 50 years of sanctions. Can't imagine they'd suddenly be willing do it through  isolation again.
blah blah blah. what does trump have on you FFS?
I agree but we shouldn't cut the people off of Cuba  we should help them not government and military officials!
What about Qatar?  Selling weapons to them. So Cuba is worse than that?
Don't hold your breath.
But Russia, China, and the Saudis are cool, right?
The world isn't following the United States anymore senator. If you can trade with VIETNAM you can trade with Cuba.
As opposed to say the Saudis
Didn't our sec of state say human rights violations don't matter?
Or we could try engagement. Seems to work with other countries while 50 years of ignoring them has changed nothing
...or strike oil #saudiarabia
Think it's great Russia to move into Cuba! Nikita Khrushchev Wins From The Grave!
That's cute. #saudiarabia
Two houses owned by 1 party and nothing getting done, oh let's cause another international incident/embarrassment. Get off Trump Punch!!!SAD
Huh.  But we don't require this of Saudi Arabia.  Get off your inconsistent high horse.
Nothing will change, except now they will be without American tourism dollars.
Sort of like Saudi Arabia??? You're two faced and a hypocrite.
I thought after the shooting incident the other the negative rhetoric and lying were supposed to stop.
What about the oppressive thuggish behavior in our own White House? When will the GOP stand up to this narcissist?????
You have sold you soul to a man you detested durning the campaign. When he goes down you should go down with him.
With that bar, let's end all relations with China, Russia, Turkey ...
Tosh!
Meanwhile, Russia and China move in next door... Smart move...
With due respect, the last 50-60 years haven't really worked. And there are far worse actors. But they are not a swing state R voting block.
.

The definition of insanity ...
We have an oppressive and thuggish @POTUS right now. Let's keep the focus here, sir.
With all due respect sir, the last 60 years did nothing to remove the regime. Only continued to hurt the Cuban people.
Sure, sure punish the poor brown people ONCE AGAIN...getting boooooring.
What about the Saudi's?
They did and are DOING SO...and now we renig on them and wipe good relations clean off table...s.m.a.r.t....?
So, it's bad if Cuba is oppressive but not China or Saudi Arabia?  The policy hypocrisy is stunning.  @chrislhayes
Right. A policy that has been given 50 years to work and it hasn't. Good job @GOP. Great leadership 
...because that policy has worked so well so far.....
Your nose is getting a bit brown, Sen. Graham.
We get it you're blowing smoke up his butt. Healthcare, Tax reform, WALL, Russia, budget, vacant positions all half assed. Now Cuba? 
Has Saudia Arabia changed their oppressive and thuggish behavior. Yet Trump gave them 110 million in arm deals. What hypocrites.
Just sit back and @marcorubio handle this!
Funny how all the oil rich countries can do whatever they want and we look the other way...
We said that for half century and it didn't work.  Engagement is better.  Know your history!
You tell 'em Lindsey! That previous 55 year embargo meant nothing but they will really get nervous in year 56 thanks to Donny. Very astute.
but Saudi Arabia and Turkey have free reign
The 80s called, they want their Senator back.
I would be eager to support this if it were a consistent policy and not determined mostly by what the country can do for America.
How about Turkey,Syria,Putin,Duterte Saudi Arabia,NO oppression here and yet your buddy thinks they're all great men leading these countries
What about the thuggish regime in Russia that still occupies Crimea? Which is the worst oppressor?
It's not about policy. It's about u not making money off of it
youre either a fool or a liar. the castros have enjoyed tremendous public support, despite their flaws. US has propped up far worse regimes.
Everything this administration does is on your head as well. Everything.
I think you really mean...Republicans are not allowed to have a sensible modern policy towards Cuba.Too dependent on angry old Cuban voters.
Wait. Trump and the GOP IS ONLY concerned with human rights violations when it comes to undoing something done by Obama? Sounds right.
"oppressive and thuggish?!" Have you looked in a mirror? Senate in closed room trying to kill Americans by taking away healthcare
Oh but Saudi Arabia is just fine, and China and Russia. Oh Lindsey, I WANT to like you, you make it difficult.
You are being narrow-minded.  You want Russia influencing Cuba?  You want China influencing Cuba?  Use your smarts.
And russia's is ok?
Thuggish have you seen the shit the US has done around the world with your Yes votes please save the bullshit
Like Saudi Arabia, Turkey, i.e......?
Just like Russia and China.   Why do we beat up on little old Cuba but leave big world powers alone
at least women in Cuba can drive & move about freely, unlike Saudi Arabia!
I visited Havana in Feb. Beautiful country, people, history and culture.  The people welcomed us.  I encourage more people to people visits.
Now, apply this consistently
Oppressive and thuggish describes the current @GOP and Dumpy
this Trump and GOP regime is more evil! You will be held accountable as well! Disgusting
When is the US going to change its oppressive and thuggish behavior? Probably never as long as your ilk has any power.
Is this the litmus test to any country who does business with the US? 
On the subject of oppressive and thuggish behavior, 45 administration and current GOP are ranking up there. #HypocrisyAlert
Now the oppressive and thuggish Trump regime owns Lindsey Graham.
And maybe vice versa, since our rule of law and democracy are also collapsing.
Really! Should China, Turkey and Saudi Arabia...before we do business with them?
So you're afraid of 90 year old thugs ??
Have you spoken to Pope Francis about this?
Yeah, cause the embargo has brought great change to Cuba!
