Are you ever on a non Fox outlet
Well. That's a LOT of negative comments on 3 threads. Bottom line is this, American was fooled. America is now foolproof.
@LindseyGrahamSC you and @SenJohnMcCain have let us down
Don't go on Fox News really?
Why are you on Fox???  State news.
Why do you have to patronize a #FAKENEWS news show? Is it b/c @POTUS does.  Are you too afaid to go on a left leaning station?
SC you know darn well you don't believe anything out of Sen.Graham mouth !! You must like the shock value, he sways the ocean waves !!!
Would not listen to you if you were the last person on earth.
You were good Sen.
Why do you go on Fox News? Is it because they don't ask to many questions and pander to all of you.
Unless you start fighting for the president, No one cares who u speak with FIGHT FOR TRUMP or 2018 TRUMP VOTERS  make GOP pay a high price
Graham says "I WANT WAR. and I will CUT MILLIONS off of healthcare 2 pay 4 it, While I have GOVT CARE paid by taxpayers"
Try speaking on a station with a reputation for truth and that's not fox.
Fox News is for idiots (on both sides of the camera) start acting like an American senator and not a R shill
Vote graham out aling with other RINO'S
When you are on CNN let me know ... Fox really?
GARBAGE! YOU ARE A TRAITOR IN MY EYES LIKE MCCAIN
Thanks for the warning
Lindsay...#ImpeachTrump
If you want to connect with the majority of the population in America you'll nee to go on a reputable MSM news outlet not #FakeFoxNews
"reputable MSM news outlet???" Jumbo shrimp.  Pretty ugly.   Infinitesimally yuge!
Wow...That made sense. Was that the next comment on your program? #PutinBot 
Boycott Fox. I only watch MSNBC and CNN. Would rather see you there on legitimate news!
Val that's definitely keeping it real!
Block grants? Really?

Well, the good thing is the GOP states will be hurt the most, so you've got that going for you...

which is nice.
Wow,

That bitch has nothing but air between her ears.
Liberals are always so rude. Calling ppl names doesn't automatically mean you're right ya know 
Wow you're so angry! It's sad you're going to be whining for the next 7.5 years. Suck it up buttercup. 
Why? To see you lie?
I don't watch Fox. Sorry.

We can add you
Nope
Fox...no thanks.
What's up w/ that vote that you bailed on?You left your friend hanging
You need to go after DWS?
Faux Not News. Any network that has douchebag Hannity is a joke
No thanks Lindsey. Go away
sorry mr graham if what me to watch/listen you need to pick another network or hold town-hall meetings in sc. you remember us?
Fox.. Russia today... breitbart.. infoWars...Sputnik news...REALLY ?
What does Putin have on trump
Well that should be a boring show
Sorry Senator Can't watch Fake Fox News propaganda central......
Do you ever appear on MSNBC?
not THAT show.
Noone wants to watch you and listen to all your lies.
Lindsey, Stop appearing on the Propaganda Channel. You're better than this! I keep believing that you are. #credibility #FOXNewsvsTruth
Can't work bi-partisan then get the hell out of office.
Get your party together
Only Trump in handcuffs could make me tune into Fox & Fiends.
Why is it you only go on fox
Thank you for letting me know, you and Dana 2 Rinos too much!
Can't watch you on FOX....however I am interested in what you have to say. #FOXNewsisFAKE
Sorry. I NEVER watch fox.
Maybe you can explain why this president sets sanctions on Maduro of Venezuela but Republicans are silent Trump failed to Russian sanctions
Fake news
Not on Faux news I won't.
Never Trumper.... no thanks
Nope not interested negative never trumper Lindsey
I cut the cable news cord 10 years ago. How about going on PBS @NewsHour and getting interviewed?
What happened. These words SPOKEN BY YOU and then the fateful Graham vote for that "disaster ... half assed" bill:
BWAHAHAHAHAHA FOX FAKE NEWS!
Who cares?
Can you please show some ability to talk to others than the whack job Fox viewers?  We desperately need non partisanship. Show some bravery.
Please tell us why @jaredkushner still has SC!!!
Why do you speak exclusively (it seems) on Murdoch-owned Foxnews - that so often engages in propaganda, science-denial, and distortions?
Instead of speaking to your base why don't you get out of your comfort zone and prove u have a plan that is good for ALL citizens?
Stop saying things.  Do them!  Except for undercutting health care and passing tax giveaways to corps and the 1%.  Don't do that stuff.
Eventually you will come to recognise that appearances on Fox damage you and your legacy.
Nope. Do not watch state run media. I prefer real news @CNN @MSNBC
Why don't you talk to others instead of Fox viewers
not worth watching a guy who speaks with forked tongue.
Will you speak about trumps refusal to sign Russia sanctions?
Nope. The silence from the GOP is deafening.
I hope it's about how the GOP leadership plan to get rid of an unhinged president.
Hope you'll find something to talk about.
Still waiting for you to go on CNN or MSNBC.
We know you'll stick with the one's who bought you! This is the beginnings of communism
#GOP at work cornering the market pushing their slanted views without you even knowing it.
This needs to be bigger news and I don't understand why it isn't.
I totally agree with you
You are the swamp senator
Thanks for the warning.
Lindsey going to talk to real fake news!!
Is Fox News the only network Republicans visit?
Well let's hope you got it out of your system that you are not #POTUS 
You know as much as you've threatened @realDonaldTrump this past week
Fox news is a joke 
Hope he doesn't get crazy just to fight President Trump.  Many more possitive things to do!
No one cares. You're irrelevant now. Do something other than agree with trump and people will care again.
Will have to catch you on the flip side.  Won't watch Fox.
Nah, I don't tune in to fake news. I'll wait to catch ya on real tv news. Your cred is pretty low. I'll believe you when u get rid of Trump
I'm basically a Democrat but you and John McCain are my favorite two Republicans
Why?  So we can watch you carry water for failed Trump admin?  We've got your twitter feed for that.
I'll pass on listening to someone that's been collecting Senate Unemployment for a very long time.
You mean Chuck Todd's bitch. Chuck snaps his fingers and Lindsey speaks.
Dont watch state run media shows. I hear u r going to interview only on fox and sinclair programs. One hires sexual predators othe russians
No Russians need apply.
@GOPLeader 
@GOP 

Stop campaigning !

Stop lying !

Support our President!

Stop trying to sell me propaganda
Repeal Not Replace Obamacare. Remember? It's a bad idea.



No thanks. I like what's happening with the stock market, job growth, and illegal immigration
No Sen Graham. I will NOT  be there. 
Fox is off limits here.
Yeah Linds .. I'm going to pass ..
Nah, we're good.
HOPE u can get thru an interview w/out spewing hate for REAL POTUS OBAMA and HILLARY.  That'd b nice!
0bama who?
Don't ruin your cred just to make this disloyal piece of a president happy. You're much too fine of a gentleman.
You have mistaken them for CNN
So???
Graham-your an embarrassment to the human race. Anyone not pro-Trump should be deported for stupidity!
I think sessions and Kelly are doing that
When will you start your show?
Hard pass
Do your job. Support the #POTUS Stop acting like @TheDemocrats
Can you talk about your buddy McCain screwing the middle class and his party
Maybe the rest of americans could take you more seriously if you did not constantly appear on Trump TV Network. Might ponder that friend.
The Trump Network is CNN and MSNBC. Russia, Russia, Russia! How did that workout for you snowflakes? #MAGA we just keep on winning.
Make sure to speak slowly and annunciate.
Yes. Please remove the marbles
Just Go Away !!!  as we #MAGA  and take your Traitor Buddy with U !!
Will you be telling us when you and rest of sane GOP plan to get off the Trump crazy train?
Washington is the problem. Not Trump. Americans took a huge chance in elected someone not swamp worthy. We want change and action!!
http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/07/31/my-party-is-in-denial-about-donald-trump-215442 … 
I wasn't trolling.
