This sends a powerful statement to the strongman thug in Russia, the religious Nazis in Iran, and the crazy dictator in North Korea.
It was a good day for freedom and a bad day for oppression.  I look forward to this legislation soon becoming law
Why don't u QUIT sending messages of Trump hatred? U couldn't be more transparent. He's working hard for USA & u r working hard against him!
He's working on his golf game. Nothing more.
He's hardest working prez I've seen in my lifetime. But, keep believing that hater.  USA improving b4 ur eyes & u don't even realize it. 
We'll he sure isn't creating jobs for Americans with his and his family businesses. Unless of course workers want to move overseas.
Until legislation is passed to change current laws all major companies continue to outsource.  Quite a few in Russia.
Exactly, and Trump has promised to change those laws too...shoot, hasn't got his full cabinet in cuz of slow-walking Dems. Sick.
If you think you can believe the House they will betray you and us/ Hope you don't already know that and skating out of bad public opine
Looks like @realDonaldTrump is going to veto
@SBSNews @3AW693 @cityofmelbourne. Don't get carried away Lindsay. The Iranians aren't nazis, some might be religious nuts, States the same
Sen Graham, thank you for your patriotism and your support to uphold and defend our constitution.
Thank you! I am also very pleased.
did you talk to the Pres re signing them when you were there learning about war w/ NK? FFS - why did you even bring war up? sabre rattling?
So am I
Do you have a spine?  Freedom and justice is calling. Do your job.
Why did you not at the Ukraine for actually interfering in an election in collusion with the DNC
So please vote no and #StopSkinnyRepeal . #SaveOurCare
1/29/18

Look what happens when you whore for a Russian money launderer, you f*ck the country (and our allies). But he has such nice Russian funded golf courses? 
Well what are you gonna do now that he blew you off Lindsey?
I find this bill highly offensive; taking power away from @realDonaldTrump  You're embarrassing our Country doing this. You're a RINO.
Please don't gamble with my healthcare #SkinnyRepeal
What now, puss-cake?
What happened?
You claimed today in an interview that going after Mueller would be probably the end of Donald Trumps presidency....
This was the vote on Russian Sanctions:

House: 419-3
Senate: 98-2

Today, Trump said he won't impose the sanctions despite a veto-proof majority.

Congratulations, America. Laws are meaningless now.
That *is* good news. But if you think Trump will accept it, you are going to be unpleasantly surprised. Watch him fly into a rage...
Ok Lindsey Graham u say u have done so much. Let’s see u get the dreamers made citizens legal and citizens of the United States. It is time and you can do it without a Trump wall. America did not agree to pay far a wall. There are cheaper means u work for us not Trump
....Trumps voters totally disagree with you! The 2nd Amd was created exactly for a situation like that! ...
Now what?
What does this matter we are going to die from your death bill u and your party now  own it blood will be on the hands all who vote yes
I am not a constituent, but I am pleased as well.
Where are you?
This is great! Now stop defending trump and his ties to Russia!!!
So passing it is all you wanted? How about putting it into effect? It’s a bit strange that the president signed the bill, but its never been enacted. Who is supposed to deal with that? Let me guess. Kushner. Right?
Trump will veto.
Care to speak up as to @POTUS denying those sanctions on Russia today? Got a spine in there?
This has not aged well...
Senor, regarding Russia, that isnt the agenda the President won the elections last year. You have a different agenda, thats obviously
Thank you for your leadership in this area. There are only a handful of true Congres. leaders who perform checks and balances in our Gov.
What does Trump think?
What does Trump think? - traitor Graham stab him in the back
Anyone who stabs Trump in the back is ok with me.
its well-known thet the enmies of USA are pleased with that, traitor Graham should then change the party, to join DNC...
So you're trying to push us into war. Shocking.
LMAO WASTE OF TIME COMRADE TRUMP WILL VETO IT. NICE JOB GOP  TRUMP PUPPET
With 2nd Amd the people have the opportunity to go to DC and get rid of treasonous gov (deep state) and corrupt politicians like you
Great! Now get pres to sign it!
Big question? Will the president sign or veto? Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC
Thank you for passing the sanctions.  Please DO NOT vote for skinny repeal.  This is insane. You said it yourself
WOO HOO VETO PROOF BABY!!!!!!!
YOU and the rest of the Dems on a Witch Hunt for something that never was! It wasn't Russia! It was Dems against Trump.  I have 6mos info.
Thank you Senator. Without you and McCain America would be in deep deep trouble. Please stay vigilant. 
FIRE MOOCH.  He's scum.
YOU don't know what's happening with Mueller; unless you're part of this PLAN hatched by DEMS! Mueller hired ALL lawyers that are DEMS!
Glad your more concerned with Iran, Russia North Korea than your citizens including us in SC no health care Your fired we will vote you out
Does it have to have president signature though?
This is what you worry about?  How about you RINO' s do something about Obama care!  Step down now!
Stop what you are doing and pass #SinglePayer now! The 16,000,000 folks who lose coverage under Trumpcare will suffer & some may die.
Sanctions b/c of a phony collusion fairytale!As for Mueller I want him GONE!You r all pathetic!Biggest cover up in history & your part of it
Senator, have you ever been fined $1000 by the IRS because you could not afford healthcare insurance? I have! ACA is a nightmare for me!
Please send a powerful message of rule by law by not casting a cynical "yes" vote on skinny repeal. Go back and start over. It matters.
We agree!
If going to meet with 45 about the above, be cautious your private phone number maybe made public by 45. IJS

#VeteransResist it's time to tell Congress how the #ACA and #Medicaid help you get care the #VA doesn't cover. Your voice matters. 
Lindsey Graham who gives a ssshh what you think you are just like every single false prophet teacher NONE OF YOU HYPOCRITES TEST ANYTHING
@LindseyGrahamSC  you make me #SouthCarolinaProud
SC needs a True Republican , and one W a Spine that doesn't just talk! A lie is a lie and Sc want forget how U let us down!
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC  for having a backbone and a brain and using both everyday!
For a whole hour tonight I thought you became an American again tonight.  That was until I hear you're part of confusing w/Dem spin. SHAME
What are you going to do if he wont sign it ?
Please don't let them take our democracy .The country is counting on you
I'm concerned about the possibility of a "pocket veto."
Thanks you Senator Graham.  You and MCCain make it possible for me to ever consider returning to the Repiblican party.
Can u comment on Silky way airlines & Bulgarian arms factory manyfacturing phosphorous gas headed to Syria?
I'm pleased that some of you have come to your senses and acknowledge that Russia is not our friend.
dem Russians. Russians Russians Russians. Real bad. dey Commies. and dem Chinamen too. Bad. Sneaky people. dey don't believe in Jesus
When will you pass the Deep State Sanctions Act and investigate the new evidence of a DNC leak and any role that Seth Rich played?
I bet you are now get back to ACA
Landmark for knowing importance of senate vote against #iran regime:is the despotic reaction of mullahs and how frightened they sound.
Well there you go, at least they did something
Then I hear you want to do a bill to keep @realDonaldTrump from firing Mueller? HE has that right!  Stop taking away his powers!
Tell the people what this LEGISLATION DOES TO THE PRESIDENCY. #sneakybastards
And if Trump doesn't sign it all GOP Senators should make him pay

So am I but very disappointed you did not vote with statesman McCain last nite.
Walk the walk Lindsey!!!!
Trump must go far far away!!
Thank you for standing up to crazy
Will Trumpie sign it or veto it?
We know about the DEMS and the Deep State; which probably includes RINO's like yourself, McCain and others.
Very displeased you chose party over country tonight. It's just #sad. You had an opportunity to be a really courageous leader. You #Failed!
What will you do when the traitor president doesn't sign? What will you do when he fires Mueller?
Great job Losers
Congratulations Lindsey!
Sir, I'd like to know more about your stance on our increasingly harsh tone on NK. I'm glad I don't live in Hawaii. Playing chicken wrong.
Big deal you promised for years about #aca and you couldnt deliver for working americans again
What if the president doesn't sign this? More stern words or will you actually do something to get the Kremlin out of our White House?
Thank you! Now, banish that little Italian Mafia man and 45 from America's WhiteHouse!
But you failed to repeal #Obamacare
Mueller could have been trusted only if he had behaved with integrity, since he hired Clintons donors and lawyer that isnt anymore the case

I hope you do your own tweets...
Kinda sad repub went on platform last 7 years to repeal and replace, bing nothing! Cant Blame Prs Trump if this doesn't get done
We'll he's not a great leader so maybe a little blame
Me too. Now back to voting yes on a horrible bill so that Ryan can push it through and you can go he said he wouldn't.  No integrity.
Thank you! Have you seen the new Mooch interview? Hope there are lots of folks/safeguards between these people & the nuclear codes.
I bet you are. Now you can get back to intervening in every other country's affairs and misusing the word "sanction".
So am I. Now what are you going to do about Putin-loving President Trump?
What was the final vote?
I'm not. Stop trying to destroy USA/#Russia relations, you #warmonger
But at the same time you & @ChuckGrassley are trying to disparage the FBI & Steele Memo thereby colluding with Trump Shame on You!
Iran & Russia are two of our best allies in defeating isis. The us govt has no desire to defeat isis that's why they fund Saudi & hate Iran
More importantly, what about the healthcare bill.  This is what is important to us
You really have to knock off working w/ Democrats against our President. You & McCain are wolves in sheep's clothing. Don't tr us you at all
What good is it sanction do not work ms Graham you are tired retire queen do drag or something you are tired tired tired tired
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp  is still on the burner I pray.
How about you get y'alls act together & repeal Obamacare I work my butt off & I can pay my own insurance why should I pay 4 the lazy people
Good maybe u can work on HCare for the Russians b/c sure can't do nothing for Americans PRIMARIES
This restored my faith that our senators and representatives love our country.
Thank you 
Your days are numbered as senator. Better enjoy for next year. In 2018 you WILL be voted out. We will vote dems before voting you in again.
Why don't you do something about the dems.No charges and you cover for them.Respect our vote and support President Trump
Good. Now stand up for all Americans and trash these lousy fake Republican "healthcare" bills. Medicare for all. Bye bye insurance companies
Is, is Democracy finally beginning to wake from its long slumber?!  Does the GOP REALLY have some small morsel of regard for justice? 
I mean 
Yeah,  we'll see if king trump signs it!
But has @POTUS sign it
How much $$$ were u and McCain making supplying Isis rebels in Syria with weapons?
So far,The GOP is the party of Putin and act like the former KBG with all the secretcy just to protect Putins investment,TRUMPSKI!
Yet it was Hillary, Bill, & Podesta who took multimillions from Russia.
So proud of your coming forward to let President Trump know you will not tolerate him firing the AG Jeff Sessions or Robert Muller good job
You're only happy because you are limiting what @POTUS can do!  Will have no effect and hopefully @realDonaldTrump will VETO.
Why did you vote yes on the disastrous healthcare bill?  McCain a hero, hmmmm, you not so much
Never forget!  Lindsey voted to take YOUR healthcare!  NEVER FORGET!  In the end he voted against his people!
Thanks to you Senator and rest of Senate body that stood with #Iranian people who are yearning for a #FreeIran
You are a envious jerk. It shows all over your face. You can't hide it. Sneering is the right word all right. Can see right up this nose.
well done!
And the thugs in the White House
So am I.  Thank you for being a Patriot.
Ever heard of Obstruction of justice?  Trump has and continues to break the law. You Republicans allow it. I hope you all get voted out.
what about removing Trumpski? Remember,Nixon did less and had to resign to avoid impeachment,Clinton just lied about a bj and got impeached
Haha yes that all seems so silly in comparison!!! Thanks for laugh Ralph I really needed it at the moment.
Why didn't you repeal Obamacare you need to tell your buddy McCain vote repeal
I would be pleased if you would support the President

which kind of banana state is USA to let those who lost the elections to investigate the winner? thats violation of democratic principles!
Don't you want to know why he is so beholding to Russia

Veto proof
@LindseyGrahamSC Thanks It is a victory for the Iranian people
We are waiting for next steps  #RegimeChange  in Iran Is Coming 
 #FreeIran

Thank God you will be gone in 2018!!
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC !
Now please don't take my healthcare away.

You..traitor.  2018? We don't want you. Just heard you threaten my prez. over sessions/Mueller.  Stop wasting our $ on fake RUSSIA collusion
You won’t be pleased when Trump’s boss doesn’t let him sign it.
What good is a bill is Trump sneaks behind it? What is the penalty for not following?
Trying to get out of being part of the Russian election of Trump. GOP won't be able to wash IT'S hands of this TREASONOUS BEHAVIOR
I can't wait for Trump to use the lessons in diplomacy he got from dealing with Sessions and Priebus.
I thought only war with these countries would please you.
Agree, but please stop tossing about the word "Nazi".
If bill isn't good enough for Senate, don't pass the hot potato to House and hope for different. Vote NO if you care about people. #Senate
This is good.  However, the skinny healthcare vote should still be NO!
Get the Joker to sign it!
How about healthcare bill?
In Europe there is already opposition to your outrageous new sanctions for Russia. That bill has to be vetoed by the President!
Yeah yeah yeah. You are just a sell out anyway - you did it with healthcare you'll do it with Russia. Screw you.
And how's your President feel about it? Lindsey, how on earth could you voted in the affirmative last night?
Hope you're keeping to your word and Voting NO on "skinny" bill
Are you a Democrat supporting Lindsey Graham helion's more of the Democrats so maybe that's why repeal Obamacare
This is good news! Both parties working together and passing one goal-To protect our nation interest.
Hear hear!
Thank you for helping shepherd this through.
How long do you think the WH will sit on it delaying it?
Do not forget, potentially wreaking havoc in the energy supply for Europe.
Thank you Lindsey, I am so glad to see someone in the GOP that is not afraid of Trump and willing to stand up for our country.
And we South Carolinians will b very pleased when we can RECALL ur Nazi SOROS pd RINO ass which we're working on now u sorry NWO luciferian
You are straight up delusional. Watching too much Alex Jones?

Trump's White House is merely a microcosm of the culture he's advancing across America: divided, vengeful, paranoid and chaotic.
Get on board with the healthcare bill !! The people will speak again at the polls
How will the Russian agent imposter in chief react to that ?
Great! But why did you politicians leave China out of it? It's lack of action against N.Korea warrants strong sanctions!
You, McCain, Portman & Others are Rinos and after this fiasco on the hill with true to our values healthcare, will finally be out of a job
At least we are bipartisan on this issue!
Thank you for defending USA.  Now please fix the ACA, protect health care, do not repeal ACA.
Will POTUS sign it?
Thank you!
Godfather Movies force Italian-Americans to live w/ugly stereotypes. Scaramucci has done the same amount of harm to IA!
PLEASE SENATOR: This is not how the vaunted Senate should operate - in the dead of night, Reject TRUMPCARE.
It was good and necessary. The PRESIDENT will never deal with Russia as an enemy. WHY?
Repubs control the house and the senate, yet Trump blames 8 Democrats for his inability to implement his agenda.
....8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass, like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!
Nothing to say about this, @LindseyGrahamSC?  Why demonstrate reticence now? Have you taken shelter in @SenateMajLdr's shell?
Sends a very powerful message indeed.  Posturing is more important than working.
Run by McConnell and Ryan they'll give us terrible insurance. Y couldn't you stop it......the people are NOT with you....don't you get that?
Trump is no longer hiding his Nationals Fascism. Intimidate, fear, demonize & retribution. This week he was open about it. Against the GOP!
I am too. Now please stand up & say NO to Skinny Repeal of ACA.
He did.  He is weak
so am i
DUMB!! Pass something that impacts AMERICANS everyday!
The citizens are sick of this circus act w/ the health care bill you think is a constructive legislative process. It's way out of the norms.
Are you guys going into recess before he signs it? If y'all do then it won't become law in 10 days if he doesn't sign it before then.

You try to preserve obamas legacy, by keeping his ACA and having a hostile position towards Russia. Shame on you!
Now POTUS vetoes. Then maybe you and your colleagues will grow spines and throw his ass out of office
Just wish you had a stronger backbone with Trump's crazy behavior.
Sanctions cause war. Brilliant
agree
