The people of America not just South Carolina
Well- it is not going to be...
How can you lie like that? Seriously? You are dishonoring our country.
Then, don't vote for the dismantling of Medicaid or allow states the right to waive ins cos to raid premiums for pre-exist conditions.
Sorry mr graham you mean people of America?
It is the voters in South Carolina who put him in his office. Each Senator's primary duty is to the voters of his/her state.
Good to know but let's remember we are alll Americans first, this divisional thinking is dangerous and comes from the top
We don't want a gas tax!! High Leatherman his son, DOT and contractors should be in jail!!!
You're great at saying what people want to hear but in the end you fall in line with your party every time. Country before party Lindsey!
It will benefit no one!  Did you just become stupid or is this a pre existing condition?!
Your primary duty is to save yourself and make your pockets fatter .... DISGUSTING AND SPINELESS
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
And it's not. USE YOUR BRAIN!
If that's your real intention, fix the ACA.
Thank you for your opposition to TrumpCare! I appreciate your NO vote on TrumpCare.
Thanks for looking out for the people of SC.  If we only had 99 others that thought the same for their state!
WHO thought!!!
This is a problem with our political system. Let's get a plan good for all, not just one state.
Require insurance companies put ALL insured by their company into SINGLE  risk pool regardless of ANY factor, nationwide!! Drives down cost!
If u truly feel this way -  you will not support it -- elderly people will suffer - women will suffer - the poor will suffer
Looks like you have a lot of rewriting to do then.
you forgot to mention "rich people of SC"
Why don't you introduce legislation 4 you & other senators, reps & staff to drop your own hypocritical Cadillac insurance? AHCA ALL THE WAY
Then help fix ACA instead of serving up a huge plate of garbage.
How will that be done? What portions of this bill will help the people of SC?
Then you will ensure no cuts to Medicaid, those with pre-existing cond will have affordable coverage, elderly not charged more.
South Carolina only? Are you a state senator or federal?
SC will hold you to this statement. #NoTrumpCare
AMERICA will hold you to this statement. 1278 days until @LindseyGrahamSC needs a new job.
Your primary duty is to your constituents and listen to what their needs are! HC CEO's salaries are in the double digits of millions!!
IT DOES NOT BENEFIT ME AND HOUSE REPUBLICANS ACTUALLY ADDED MORE ITEMS TO THE LIST OF PREEXISTING CONDITIONS! SHAME!! We are not STUPID!
Will it be better for my parents, who don't have employer provided healthcare? For my pregnant sister? No. Vote no for SC
Dude you seem funny. But how you can talk this shit is beyond me? Did you grow up wanting to be this?
Beneficial to your well heeled donors.  And you know it.  Fraud.
Beneficial?? It doesn't cover jack shit. Not even hospitalization!!! Have u read it? Most of House Reps haven't read it, but they voted yes.
Never forget that you work for the voters of SC.
The only real reason your party was so anti ACA, is because a black man did it!
I have read the whole bill. States can allow ins cos to raise premiums for pre-existing conditions. If you are sick, you are screwed.
You know this plan is not good for the citizens of SC. Even considering it is putting politics above human life.
It's not . you are letting them down. They will not let you get away with that. Say good bye to your seat#votehimout
It has already shown, previous to Obamacare, the high risk pool was a failure, but I guess your buddies in insurance will make more profits!
Your job is NOT just to the people of SC...You may represent those of us in SC but every single vote you make effects the entire nation.
Vote NO! If you haven't paid attention there are many of your constituency that are elderly,poor and disabled! These people will be doomed
SC needs help! As Interstate sm bus owners, we have no coverage! WE NEED HELP!
That's a selfish way to look at it.  Screw the other 49 states.  "I'm good."
Which people Lindsey?
WADR an exceptionally close #2 is to see that it benefits ALL of us.
You of all @GOP How fast you forget where you came from.  SHAMEFUL
You will have a lot of work to do. If you don’t meet your obligation it could be disastrous for many including political careers. #RESIST
But your latest tweets show that you are building your case to vote for this bill.   Which is it?   Only care for the tax break recipients?
#DrainTheGOPSwampCreatures
SC high poverty rate, a high rate of preexisting conditions likediabetes&cancer. SC has  poor access to health care. SO HOW IS THIS GOOD
Tell that to your constituents with cancer who's coverage you're about to take away. How "beneficial" is that to them? #AHCA #VoteNoAHCA
It won't be. But you already know that and really don't care.
You had SIX God damn years to come up with something and you showed up with nothing.  Because you have NOTHING.
Beneficial in what way? To those who will get a tax break? Certainly not to women and children
Hint: Its not.
well I am sure it won't be! A large percentage of adults have pre-existing conditions and after 5 years your money runs out
Well, it's not, so…
You will go to jail for murder if this bill becomes law.  Why do you hate the people that voted for you?
COWARDLY & DISGRACEFUL!!!
No, no it would not.
Don't disappoint your voters by playing games with the NObamacare repeal bill in the Senate.
No it would not help us in SC  you know it.  Listen to the people. You are arrogant thinking you know what is best. .@LindseyGrahamSC
This state is shameful. Educate this state. End intolerance and racism. Be a light! You will answer to your maker one day. What will U say?
This is a test to see if GOP Senators will act in the best interests of constituents or choose politics. Think that through, Senator.
SC didn't expand Medicaid. So many of the people I work with here endured shameful circumstances due to racism, abuse, rape, incest, etc.
I've always thought Lindsey Graham was one of the more sane Republicans. This bill is a disgrace.
I sure hope someone reads it. Especially on preexisting conditions. I am 60 & currently undergoing chemo. My insurance doesn't need 2 go up
Derek--sad to say that under this bill it will go UP. It actually won't be available at all to people w cancer. I'm in the same situation. 
It will be beneficial only for the RICH. The poor will not have coverage and WILL DIE. You should be ASHAMED !!!
I'm a South Carolina physician. It is my job to provide healthcare. Be very careful discussing benefits in this state.
Good luck with that.
Your primary job is to leave the world a better place and harm no one. What will your legacy be?
Vote no. Are you even getting our calls/emails/tweets? I don't hear anyone saying they're happy with this
Good luck at that. You are interested in being re-elected and paying off your rich donors.
History doesn't reward political victories, it rewards improvements in the human condition
Actually, the US Constitution applies to all Americans. It is your job to protect us all. Country before anything else.
If that's true, you'll vote NO! #Trumpcare=sicker or dead for seniors, working class, veterans &children with pre-existing conditions!
2 Corinthians 11:14 ESV /
And no wonder, for even Satan disguises himself as an angel of light. #TrumpisSatan #ACHA
You can tweet on all day but your allegiance needs to be to the people not to Satan a.k.a. Trump
What will happen to our workforce if doctors in South Carolina lose 50% of their patients? Or did you bozos not think of that?
And your not just affecting the ppl your affecting the workforce. I saw 2 doctors in SC today who said ACA patients r 50% of their patients
you're not if you're taking away healthcare 4 those of pre-existing conditions you're not standing up for the people it's your own interest

If you are paying the least bit of attention and are equipped with a modicum of intelligence you will see what an abomination this bill is.
Converting Medicaid to per capita caps threatens to reduce access to health, mental, & behavioral care for SC's children with disabilities.
It's not so....
Your job was to fix the parts of ACA that needed improvement. You failed. Shame on you. It wouldn't have been that hard but, donors.
You just killed a bunch of them.
One date 2018
True. What feedback did you receive? We're your phone lines jammed with so many people calling?
it won't be.
People with pre existing conditions should be covered at moderate rates.
Sorry,  with this bill South Carolina will turn blue.
It would. Didn't your state have a successful high risk pool prior to obamacare?
Could you not fit rich and white into this tweet?
This bill is not beneficial 2 our people. It hurts children, women, people who are poor. We deserve affordable healthcare. Don't let us down
Oh please. You lie!
how do you plan on doing that? We've asked you to vote NO! AHCA is bad bill that takes insurance away, cuts Medicaid.
@SenMajLeader @GOP You guys are done cooked yourself on a BBQ. You didn't listen to your constituents. You will now!
Then vote no.  Signed, SC Pediatrician
You haven't done a damn thing to benefit citizens of SC for years.  Medicaid expansion would help.  Did you do that??????
That opportunity is gone.. #Trump is now president.. it's about saving our nation from the insatiable Pwr thirst of his cronies #newparty ?
Your primary duty & job is to serve the constituents of your state. ALL OF THEM. Not just rich white men. Not your party. YOUR CONSTITUENTS.
Invest in funeral homes and places for people to die. It will benefit your republican friends
Your constituents in SC urge you to vote NO!!!!!!!!!! The bill is reprehensible. Voters are watching you and your colleagues.
ps, tell our president to build the wall
whatever u call it, its still gov run healthcare
I believe you will be repealed and replaced
Well that's a welcome change. You have done little to benefit us. Roll up your sleeves and work on the bill. Stop talking. Get working.
Well doesn't sound liked it good for dogs
How can you be pro-life but support eliminating coverage for maternity care, babies w/major medical conds once again facing lifetime limits?
How can you be "pro-life" but not want to ensure that people have health care to protect those lives?
So you're saying your constituents don't want or need coverage regardless of pre-existing conditions at an affordable price?
when you decide to run again for President. You support a man whom you criticized..did I miss something on the last 100+ days?
Especially beneficial to the pocket of a certain So. Carolina senator.
The only way to make this bill beneficial is to NOT let it get through the Senate.
Do the right thing and maybe all Americans regardless of their residence will take note and give you fair consideration
Get real Mr. Senator.....you and McCain have demonstrated the most respect for truth in your party but really, that ain't saying much
Then you should vote no
Your primary duty was to fix the flaws in version 101 of the ACA. Oh, and to vote on Pres. Obama's SCOTUS nominee.
No, as a US Senator your primary duty is to the American people
Artery desease, hypertension with diabetes, atrial tachycardia,  and many cancers. The population of SC  will be reduced greatly.
Your primary duty is to have Obamacare collapse? Cause that is what you said two tweets ago.
Politics does not die in emergency rooms, people do..Nice to keep that in mind...we cannot opt out of what you vote for.
SC ranks 13th in obesity. 31% of adults are obese.  The new healthcare bill does not cover those w/ apenas, on blood thinners, carotid
I'll save you some time......IT WON'T
SC didn't take Medicaid expansion like OH did. States have different concerns, making reform more difficult.
It would be lovely if you were participating.  Perhaps with skin in the game, decent health care would be available to all..
Just the rich ones?
It will not be beneficial to the poor or elderly of SC, but then they are not your political cronies.
your duty is to ensure this nightmare for the American electorate is put in the trash.
I promise you there is no rape victim in the history of South Carolina who thinks rape should be considered a pre-existing condition, sir.
My response again is- if this trash isnt good enough for congress it isnt good enough for me & rest of America! Why exempt?
Sir, I'm a die hard Dem but I admire & and respect u. Seniors voted for Reps will suffer too. Don't let that happen!
Then say no.
You flip flop more than a fish on shore.
Allowing sexual assault, c-section, etc to become pre-existing conditions is not beneficial to the people of SC
It would be groundbreaking if you and McCain would unify with what is good for America instead of acting on your own private agendas
That would be very beneficial to the people of N Carolina and Arizona
It's not, and deep down you know it.
Right like any of you would protect America just send someone else's grandchildren to put boots down Hell with you all
Or, ya know, say the right things and vote for it anyway. Whatevs.
It will raise premiums on 55-65 y.o., just as we are preparing to retire. Isn't that enough?
This bill allows employers to reneg on coverage, including pre-existing and lifetime caps. No one is safe.
You mean the very wealthy
Hey, SC. Hold him to his word.
Your primary duty and responsibility is to protect our country from enemies; foreign and domestic. You and your party failed by electing him
Hear hear
it won't be. pretty sure you know that.
Are missing testicles a preexisting condition??
Then vote no.
another duty is to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution: madman/fraud/nat sec nightmare in WH. Do something NOW!
This, this, this!!! So much this!  @LindseyGrahamSC, read up on that 25thA
As 1 of 100 Senators your duty is to all Americans. Hope your party can live with the death sentence it pronounces!
Which people of South Carolina?  working class people with pre-existing conditions?
Then you failed horribly.
shame on the house repubs.

Lindsay, hey and that bill is even worse
Lol! Why are you lying to your people Mr Graham?
Not the way it is - it is far from humane!
It's not.
I think you know it ain't and it hurts Vets too.

7 million vets lose healthcare tax credits under #TrumpCare!

@RepGallagher is a Marine & voting yes. Shame! #voteno 
