Wow. Macron attacks RT and Sputnik as Putin stands by his side: "They have behaved as organs of... false propaganda" http://read.bi/2r4XgGs 
When are you going to call out Fox News?

Wait. Let me explain more clearly -

Распространение лжи и пропаганды.
You need to ask the "war room" to give you better come backs. You aren't earning your paycheck. Sad.
Thank you for doing God's work, Jeff.
Too late to scrape your dignity off the toilet rim now, Lindsey.
when Lindsey & McMullin line up, i smell the truth.
I just don't see Graham doing it, but I do see McCain. I'm convinced he's working behind the scenes, like when he gave dossier to Comey.
Dossier to Comey? Do tell, because right now he is frustrating the shit out of me with his inaction.
One of many sources/articles - McCain urged that it be "investigated "exhaustively"
Thank you.
No prob - hope it makes you a little more hopeful about what may b going on behind the scenes. McCain's Australia trip also encourages me.
I hope you are correct. He could be powerfully influential within his party if he chooses to be.
I enjoy @RT_com the real slayers of truth are @CNN @MSNBC @ABC
So move to Russia. A country w/ the worst record for free speech
The worst? Oh.
Dont take my word for it, ask any journalist critical of Putin...oh wait, you cant, he had them killed....
Proof?

Who killed Seth Rich? Putin?
Possibly. He's killed plenty of others for his political gain.
I remember when we had a POTUS that stood up to Russia.
To bad the Republican Party didn't do that.
Sadly the French prove once again they are more in touch with their political system than even the most connected social network American.
There are times you give me hope that you will stand up for the Republic, and there are times you appear to roll over for Trump. Confused :)
It's always bluster, he's all in trump.
Graham is all talk, no action. Totally supports the Republican administration when push comes to shove. Look at his voting record.
I am okay with him being a true Republican.  I am not okay with him being a traitor to the US.
In 2017 these two are synonymous: Republican and traitor.
Yes; sad when our own leader does not speak like that or get pressure from his party to do so. I guess your mediocre way is still...ok?
Is they French President spot on about @realDonaldTrump with regard to climate change?
He called out Trump, too. And he was spot on! #MakeTheWorldGreatAgain
While you help Putin by allowing treason in the Oval Office? Kislyak met everyone. You too?
I know he causes amnesia en masse..
Too bad our president can't do this.
Yo Lindsey, it's Mueller time.
Great statesmanship from Macron. Speaking for all those who understand common sense. Never was US so isolated. Supporting Russia & Saudis!
So why don't you criticise putin....or are you afraid?
He's also spot on about your boy Trump's evil.
Too bad @GOP doesn't the integrity to call out Russian tricks.  Kudos to Macron
That is Globalist Talk! Shame on you and this rhetoric will make you lose your job! We are sick of it! How about standing w/America!
@SkarrOnSecurity wish our #POTUS we as strong, forthright and moral as the French. Sadly ours appears to be Putin Puppet

To bad the guy you backed doesn't have the balls to do the same. You have truly lost your place as a defender of America's leadership in 
Listen to me Lindsey, as far as I read you, Macron is hired by you?))) is he a member of your staff? Senior-engineer? )))) poor Macron))))
Too bad they forgot to mention other tools - the GOP, Trumpbots, and the endless barrage of BS that comes from within this continent.
Would be nice to have the American president do the same. But, probably never.
Macron pissed off that Le Pen met with Vlad, and he didn't. 
Inviting Putin is a good step for normalizing relations between FR/RF-Allies
Unlike our so called POTUS who embraces them. Look at your loyalties, American voters will be here in 2018 & 2020.
And when are you going to call out this president and his appointees for their obvious allegiance to Russia??? #Traitors
Why Mr. Trump is close linked to Russia. Due to russian billionaires?
Now if we could get our own senators to stand up against the Russian puppets in the white house.
Shame we just have a puppet for a President.
But the US lets Russian spy chiefs in to talk with Coats and Pompao. Sad. So many complicit republicans.
But you defend POTUS who refuses to...why?
TOO bad you and your GOP cronies won't do the same. You are all joined in the #paulryanhumancentipede
You tweeted later that Trump has a desire to "re-enter the Paris Accord after the agreement becomes a better deal." That's #propaganda.
He kind of had to pick up the slack for you and your joke POTUS. What happened to you? Macron also made a speech last night. Your thoughts?
Will trump not let you?
Too bad our own leader won't do the same. #hypocrite  #calloutTrump #standforsomething #GOPgrowapair
Also spot on on climate change and our disrespect and defunding of science and scientists. Shame on your party.
Thank you for speaking up. 

I wish our @POTUS stood up for America like Macron did for France.
Weird that our President won't do the same. Why do you think that is, Senator?
Well, it's definitely NOT because of Jared.
Thank you for the Adam Levine gif, made my day...!
We need more from you, Senator. You have established yourself as a patriot, but we need you to take action.
His votes speak volumes, not his words!
We need both.
Yes, we do.
Lindsey Graham.. I Trust Putin more than the Democrats and you and McCain.. stop the Russia phobia.. you are pushing china and Russia close
Macron is actually a leader , we don't have one of those.
If only you could see it in #DontheCon 
How about him calling out Trump?
Wow; I bet President Obama would've done the same righteous act
And why you don't tell him great job when he says : make our planète great again ?
Is Lindsey one of those nonbinary names that's all the rage these days?
Yes, when are you and your cohorts going to do your job the same way-with honesty and integrity?  We're waiting.......
Hope u stand by yr statement “Russia has done nothing to be rewarded w sanctions relief" Reject spy houses return!
Oh you praise MACRON but you back up Trump who want to give the Russians back there compound after they messed in our elections.
And  yet you STILL support your President who is colluding with Putin? Does it hurt to straddle that fence?
I mean, how can one man be such a cuck? Are you competing with Macron to outcuck each other?
Why don't u concentrate more on Trump's agenda than this stupid Russian crap? Don't even think about betraying our Pres!
Are you stopping Trump from lifting  sanctions on Russia properties
Too bad that, you as a senior GOP leader, would not encourage Trump to do the same thing.
Really liking Macron, He has guts and integrity it seems.
A politician with balls.  What a concept.   We could use one right now.
They are aligning themselves with Russia and China .
No you guys are pushing censors from Ukraine instead of Israel,merkel accepted Ukraine into eu . We don't have same interest with eu
In line with Russia not us,Iran for one.merkel stressed sanctions,yet France and Germany have been trading with Russia against our interest
They are picking on UK us and Israel . When that went down merkel was discussing with modi ,Germany and France have financial interest
What could UK do if India takes a week to fix they would have no aviation . I think it was hostile .merkel sanctions Poland and Hungary
It's a concern to rely on other nations technology or control of systems,it was down for more than a day they had no storm .
This can affect financial . Now British airways had a shutdown ,India stated it was a blackout that caused it . Intentional or not
Components ? What to say windmills destroyed In hurricane ,who to say China or India wouldn't hold parts .
This could affect federal government installations ,transportation,aviation ,utilities hospitals . No with windmills is there electrical
Sir, why is the destruction of our democracy and our country being permitted? Please help us.
China has hacked all military installations probably because they supply the componentsthey are flooding our market with windmills and solar
You need to pass law,that all projects for utility ,climate,transportation ,dams etc, get approved by fed to prevent hacking,,or,shutdowns
So do you plan to call out @realDonaldTrump for considering the return of American soil to the Russians?
Ironic you'd rt this when you seem far too tolerant of a White House and DOJ filled with traitors.
Thank you.  Now some action along with these honest remarks pkeadey
True patriotism is more than just platitudes, Lindsey. Put up or officially join Team Traitor. They're already sizing you up for a uniform.
And to you, Lindsey, way to pretend you're kind of, sort of a patriot! We can tell you still have a little in you! Maybe not more than that.
Perhaps you should call out Fox News for the same, Lindsey?
When will you demand the same type of leadership from our own #potus?
yet......the US President REFUSES and never calls out Russia.  Won't ever acknowledge Russia's involvement here.  Hmmm, wonder why?
Why don't you call out some Russian tools like Trump, Kushner, Flynn, Page? Or are you happy being Trumps tool?
You need to call for #45 Impeachment now. Nevermind praising patriots who know how to defend their sovereignty. Grow some GD moral courage
Now if you could only get Devin Nunes and @realdonaldtrump to do the same instead of looking for leaks...
giving back Russian property i find serious shit...what is GOP going do!! your passive approach to Trump..ould make my GOP Father disgusted.
Maybe in France, but here its truth:  Lee Camp.
Omg, I just retweeted something from @LindseyGrahamSC.  The world is truly upside down now.
You said trump had "a good trip" really?  R u crazy
Used to respect u. Now u r an enabler for trump
Wish the GOP would grow a backbone like Macron's.
We give Graham credit for being "only a part time" GOP quisling ???
How about calling out Trump???
Sorry, Sir, you're about as credible as @SenJohnMcCain, issuing expedient noise, then doing nothing, or rolling over for Putin's puppet.
So what are you as US senator going to do about this? Propose a block of returning compounds to Russia? Must be something you can lead in..
@LindseyGrahamSC what are you doing about it. Remember that checks and balances thingy.
Lindsey get the GOP to as well. Why will your party not break from Trump and save us from this disastrous path? Now is the time.
So why don't you call out Trump more, Lindsey?
Oh linds...thanks for showing up. Finally.
We need you to step it up. #country
Jeez Senator Graham- youre being called out, to stand for America and democracy.    - or Putin and Trump. Step the hell up or go hone
Join w McCain and send Trump Kushner Flynn etc to prison   Youre the only ones that can make it happen.  Stand the hell up!!
Man the hell up! Stop being his (and koch bros)  lap dog.  Goddamnit - LEAD
That MF Trump insulted you on Natl TV - why do you still support him? He and his billionaire cronies clearly colluded w Putin -stand up!!!!
Right - now please get your guy in line, and fast (please, for the love of God, PLEASE!).
Can you let go of, that ball of hate you have for Obama long enough to do the right thing for our country?Buy your soul back 
When r u coming out??
Lady Justice is a joke, a smokey apparition of what could have been. You people lie so much it makes Orwell's '84 seem like child's play
It was you who kept the Benghazi and then email fiasco stoked for two years, not Comey. Misuse of power sir
On the subject of Comey: It was YOU and the other GOP senators who released the information, and called a public hearing, not Comey.
You sir are not a senator, you're nothing more than a fuedal lord like the rest of the maggots. Its all about you and your position.
“Let it be said that any President who cheats our institutions shall be impeached.”–Lindsey Graham
Left out Donald Trump.
Mr. Graham, I live in your district. I am so appalled by your actions, step up! The Dem sham is over. You and McCain are a disgrace 2 USA.
Now it's your turn to call out "our" Russian propaganda tool.  It'd be nice for you to be spot on too.
THAT SHOULD BE YOU CALLING TRUMP OUT !We have a serious problem here ..totally ashamed of my country for the first time in my life ! Not #1
Why don't you do the same with trump
Nice suck-up. Now be a man and stand up for democracy, America and how about a little support to the FBI. Unless ur nervous about something?
Will the Senate and house stand by and let trump bring back Russian compounds that were exiled by Obama admin.? Will congress stand up?
Trump is returning Russian US compounds to Russia, part of Obama sanctions! Imagine that! Trumps Quid pro quo!
Yet another undisclosed Russian lovefest by Sessions. When will you people get this pack of traitors out of our WH? #ImpeachTrump #lockhimup
: Yes, it is much like Trump propaganda. And politicians propaganda in general.  Despicable.
Put your money where your mouth is! He's returning Russian Spy Compounds in the US. Wants to lift Sanctions. No Compounds! More Sanctions!
Why are we rewarding Russia?
If Macron can stand up to Putin ,why can't u and rep. Stand up to trump and his lies all rep. Are non- christians but God gets last word
I want to trade . Can we give them The Donald in trade? Or maybe Canada will trade #InspiringAmerica
Time you quit protecting Trump and do the same.
Are you not concerned that you are unable to say this about OUR head of state and government?
so why can't you bend potus' ear to do the same? it would greatly help his cause.
as a woman this is gauche to say but nice to see some men have balls!
NTL, YOU remain a rubber stamp of a POTUS who's refused to, even once, do the same.
TRUMP is REPUBLICAN choice and he is not spot on
And why did Trump not do this?  Oh, I do wish we could see his IRS taxes.  Wouldn't they provide clues?  Income streams, etc.?
Now start to vote against him. Don't just say what is right. Do what is right. Please.
Mr Graham,  you do realize President Trump is a propaganda tool of the Russians, right?
So why don't you call out our conspirator?
Your job is to hold our President accountable.
Amen. You should get a few of your friends to do the same! Be well, Senator Graham.
Too bad @POTUS doesn't do the same.
Great that you support Truth and Common Decency, Sen Graham... but will you back that up with action? Country over Party, Sir. Please, Sir.
@AmerIndivis if only @POTUS would do us the small favor of stop saying the russia attack is fake news.  #WHBoughtByPutin
@SenateGOP have nothing but praise for @realDonaldTrump overseas trip & have yet to acknowledge his complicity w/Ru election intervention.
So why doesn't GOP take this lead Lindsey???

That should be the US President doing that but, alas, we have the Bobble Head.
I agree.  If only we could say the same about @realDonaldTrump  When will the GOP get tired of this constant embarrassment and do something?
Talk about propaganda,take a look at Trump's twitter,added over 5m new followers in few days,new accts that all follow the same people. Bots
Unlike our so called president. I guess Putin forgot to line Marcon's pockets with cash!
It is a disgrace to see Trump be so negligent with your countries reputation, His obsession to erase all that is Obama is nefarious. TAXES!!
You & GOP Senators need to quarantine Trump immediately. You are letting him destroy our country. Do not let him pull out of #ParisAgreement
Now let's see some balls from you Republicans,  Lindsey!
Macron's got some stones.
By the French in just a year and a half . Macron and merkel are eyesores, two face pos
While we applied sanctions as a NATO unit against Russia .merkal and France ,few other allies were cheating.40% increase invest in Russia
Traitor!!  Do your job!!
What does Sputnik have to do with the Mexican flag being flown in the USA while not being a Mexican territory?
What does Sputnik have to do with a bullet to the head of a pregnant girl ?
What does Sputnik have to do with 30,000 terrorists  being led into the USA from 43 terror countries by drug cartels ?
Lindsey, baby: this is what leadership looks like. What real balls look like. Watch and learn
What does Sputinik have to do with a ten year old without a leg from Boston bombing ?
What does Sputnik have to do with bullets up the rectums of San Berbadino service workers?
What year was Sputnik ? What does Sputnik have to do with beheadings of Americans ?
I totally agree.  Why can't US President call out #Russia & #Putin or st least explain why so many #Russian contacts associated with him?
Finally, we agree on this thing. About @realDonaldTrump though....
Shame u idiots in the @GOP don't have that kind of spine.did you all not use to mock the French as weak...guess we're the butt of that now
Then stop Trump!!!!!!!!!!!
Well said, Senator. Now it's Your job to do the same. Get busy. Get @realDonaldTrump taxes, it'll take you to Russia
Tell the Prez to stop falling for it
Who will call out Trump!
Horrible job U.S. president hasn't !!!!
Senator Graham, how can we take cour country back? Please if you have suggestions share them. We are losing our world standing and humanity.
Mr Graham please take action to save our country please all of GOP can't be corrupt are you?
Yeah a President with brass ones, not like our pussy grabber! 
Gee, doncha wish you could praise our own prez for doing that?YOU have the power to force him.Use your voice. It's needed now more than ever
Wish he could come here and help us! Brave man 
If only our big cheese was willing to stand up to his benefactors #covfefe
I call bullshit, you didn't call out Russia when they interfered with propaganda during US elections....
this is a back handed slap at our own, corrupt administration.  Kudos to Graham for acknowledging the hypocrisy of Trump.
