If you have made zero effort to see @POTUS tax returns then you have made ZERO EFFORT to see the "evidence" you deny having seen FOAD Grahm!
You have got to pull the plug on Trump. Put ALL of us out of our misery.
And Trump was respectful to Obama?..give me a break..and please tell me one reason that we s/b respectful to him?  He is a chronic liar!
Seriously? What's simply baffling to me is why republicans take to social media touting toughness, yet tuck their tails when casting a vote
Stand for truth
Maybe Graham should stay off tv and work for a change.
He can't!!!!
@NBCNews @LindseyGrahamSC Doesn't @POTUS know it's Illegal to interfere, obstruct, or intimidate? Nothing to hide, Right?
Don't think Trump is capable of backing off . He would see that as weakness .
Graham "needs" to learn the definition of pledge, only then does he have a say.
Sir we need YOU to not "back off here." - Waiting on someone within your party to take action towards an independent investigation
It's never going to happen! And for the record...he knows it!!!
How about standing up in Congress and saying it out loud.
@LindseyGrahamSC  like he will listen in ur heart u know he's not allright why oh why do y'all talk about him like he's normal he's dang 2us
dangerous

Why don't you and McCain back off joining w/ the Dems to bring Trump down. He has every right to call this Trump/Russia connection a joke.
He should not be allowed to Tweet -AT ALL!
He's a nut he won't back off he'll most likely will tweet more. He's a FOOL.
I personally like the tweets from the president

VIDEO: @LindseyGrahamSC (@GrahamBlog) has left @chucktodd VERY disappointed today regarding #TrumpRussiaCollusion: 
Would someone , anyone, please take away his tweeting devices or pre approve what he writes before he hits send! Some are on point,some NOT!
I disagree. Being a good ol' boy from the south, u shd know the saying "give him enough rope 2 hang himself" by now.
Ya think. He should delete his twitter account and focus on trying not to run the country into the ground. 
@realDonaldTrump Good luck with that! Trump'd rather die than stop tweeting.
Mr. Graham our president can tweet whenever he feels like it. I don't think you should be advising @POTUS ANYTHING.
He should give up Twitter.
Hell no...folks still think he's not under investigation. Let him hang himself!
Should have stopped at tweet
I'd wish he would listen to you, not holding my breath though
At this point, he is likely providing critical evidence of guilt. I hope he keeops tweeting as it could make it easier to impeach him.
it's going to come back and bit him in the ass.
Sen Graham the DNI report stating Russia hacked the DNC was based on Crowdstrike's analysis. You need to look at DNC promoting smear.
Why?  Because you don't want us to know what he really thinks and intends to do? #Complicit
Why are Trpublicans trying to cover #TrumpRussia investigations?
Good luck with that. He's all coked up again.
So, you would advise him to not be who he is, who he's been his entire adult life?  Alrighty then, good luck with that.
Will @LindseyGrahamSC  work to expose #Trumprussia?  An independent counsel is the best way forward IMO.
Because the only problem with this President is his tweeting.
Why are we protecting this jerk?
Jesus, Lindsey, don't help him!!
Never trust liberal elitists or pseudo conservatives
Then Senator TELL HIM to stop!  Action not Words!
@sengraham2016 I advise all @GOP to do their job & enact the 25th amendment. We can't have a crazy man trying to lead the country. #InSane
during the campaign it was said over and over "trump doesnt have the temperament to be president"... own this beast @LindseyGrahamSC
Name one time Trump listened to Lindsey Graham's advice.
@LindsayGrahamSC is so far the only Republican with any guts. Good job.
I advise President Trump to stop daily briefing and limit their access to stop the twisting of info.
Please, encourage him to tweet till his ego is content. It may be used against him someday soon. Fingers crossed.
I can just hear Lindsey singing "Stand by Your Man."
senator, hope you read the replys  time for Republicans to move forward under new leadership..senator Hatch possibly
guess you should have told him sooner...sealed indictment waiting
Hey Lindsey Graham you've been a ray of hope in an unprincipled GOP. Promise you too won't sell out to the oligarchs.
@LindseyGrahamSC it was refreshing to hear u say u want to punish all things russian. but try telling that to trump.
Oh keep in tweeting make our day! ReTHUGlicans hiding lots of stuff
That's it?!?!
Former DNI Clapper on CNN:  "The developments of the past week are disturbing... our democratic institutions are under assault" from Trump."
NO, let him keep tweetn, more evidence 2 use against big mouth #Yertle DT
Time to take a stand. Be the hero in the future documentaries on this shit show. You'll still get what you want w/Pence as POTUS.
Right or wrong, POTUS won by doing things his way.
#CountryBeforeParty #TrumpObstructingJustice #InvestigateTrump #Russia #ImpeachTrump #Resist

#TheVotersAreComing!!
I bet you would @LindseyGrahamSC-if he'd just stay outta the way you and your corporate bought party could cover up & #Trumprussia wld end.
how about listening to the will of the ppl! we DONT trust the congressional hearings.  all of u do trumps bidding!
our President @POTUS has mastered superseding MSM
I hope Donald Trump never backs off. That's not why we elected him to be president. The FAKE NEWS should back off. Trump is doing fine.
Graham is an honorable people's "servant."  His discussion on MTP was very fair & honest...  His Repub colleagues should pay attention...
Tweet Mr.President so American's know how CORRUPTED THE LIBERALS AND GRAHAM ARE.
Screw you Graham .u know damn well this was concated by the no good Dems
I'm sure he'll use the same level of discretion and discernment he has always used...
Senator Graham, you need to hold him accountable if he does.
Lindsay Graham has gone up a notch in my book over these last few months. he's now at notch 1
Fat chance. Trump can't help but spew garbage from his cake hole.
Sorry to break the news, but your guy, DT, is incorrigible! Time for @GOP wusses to put Country before Party! #Trumprussia  #Resist #ConMan
I would hardly say GOP are wusses & they put US 1st. They have out done the Dems & DNC is no longer a real party, go read @dncfraudlawsuit
Dream on....
Dream on that you would read what is happening with your party? DNC argues in court: We don't owe anyone a fair primary process.
His anguish is FAKE....I have a hard time believing anything he says, it is all a grandstand!
Sounds like good advice but this idiot will hopefully continue digging his own grave. I have lots of shovels to help in this regard #Resist
Thankful Twitter wasn't around when #Bush was #President he  quoted phrases pronounced words incorrectly #failed running #businesses 2 start
We have lost all respect for Sen Graham. He now displays "PARTY ABOVE ALL ELSE." Loyalty & Allegiance 2 PARTY
You can have him...seriously please take him
I disagree.  He should keep talking.
Impeach Donald J TRump.   He must be removed from our government.
Cannot be prosecuted
Only impeached
If sealed indictments is issued which they have been then he can be prosecuted after Impeachment.
he doesn't answer to anyone but putin
Do your job.
No way! Trump needs to keep talking and keep incriminating himself!
Exactly.
our country is dying a slow death like a terminal cancer
You are complicit in this cover up.
Law enforcement pros know 90% of law breakers are caught w assistance from inside snitches.

oh yeah...that will happen
He can't stop!  The more worried he is, the more he tweets!  He can't sleep and he tweets when he is scared!  He is very, very scared now!
Ya think? #Trumprussia #WakeUpAmerica #DontheCon #Impeach45
Good luck with that @LindseyGrahamSC
Now is a point in US history when we can definitively conclude that Republicans are loyal to the United States of Repub party over the USA
No, go right ahead and tweet.
