lol
Failing to kill enough people?
Only because you and the other hateful GOP are with holding funds.
That. Socialism. Faceless bureaucracy. Fear not facts. Lindsey not doing well. Cassidy is a disaster.
Just like dem's knew so they could move to single payer system. Like Medicare/ Medicaid. Setup to fail just as they knew it would Americans

The rest of that quote is "for greedy @gop states that refused #Medicaid expansion. Oops."
"... because Trump has been openly sabotaging it"
Trump is sabotaging ACA
No, he doesn't.
U fix a leaky roof, not destroy the entire house! Graham is full of s#&t!
And you're planning to replace it with an even bigger disaster just so you can say you did! Despicable!
Gee, now why would that be?
In the States that accepted Medicaid expansion and did not have GOP sabotage it, the rates have been quite stable.
FACT: #Obamacare is only 'exploding' in red states where @GOP governors have successfully sabotaged the program http://fw.to/ajtmW6i  #ACA
We've done a lot better in WA than most states because the DEMS got on board the #ACA & worked FOR US. Imagine if every state had done that?


Ocare is being sabotaged by #45 and the GOP. It IS fixable. Medicare 4 all would be even better.
then fix it. The Graham/Cassidy bill is going in reverse. It is heartless and designed to save money not premiums.

Not according to the CBO. And the GOP has been deliberately sabotaging affordable healthcare at Americans' expense.
If it is, it's only because of sabotage and obstruction by Lindsey and his do nothing buddies.Their job is to compromise/make lives better
I guess if you say it enough times it becomes true. 2+2=5
So fix it!!! #UniversalHealthcare make it happen
Only because you and the GOP are liars and Drumpf is lying and helping you!
Very articulate, haven't heard this argument before @LindseyGrahamSC . Let's be clear - x is failing therefore y is good?
So make fixes dont allow ins co's to gouge people w/pre existing conditions. This isnt a fix its disgusting
What is failing is Obamacare repeal because republicans only interested in repeal not in health care
Ya did not the GOP say let it fail??
EVERYONE NEEDS TO BUY IN MORONS. cars have to be insured you dopes.
Failed.  Past tense.
Yes he did state that lie. Do your own research. See if you can prove him right (you can't).
Democracy is best avail solution for govt and Obamacare is the best avail soln to fund medical care.
“So let’s replace it with something worse.” —me and almost all policy analysts, healthcare workers, and Medicaid offices summing it up
It’s failing cause the fake president and congress want it to fail, it’s obvious that they can’t come up with a better plan. So sad
What the American people want is for ya'll to work together and improve the Affordable Care Act—not destroy it...
In other news: Lindsey Graham is a lying sack.
Fix it and stop sabotaging it!
We are sabotaging O Care.. There fixed it for you
Your intellect is failing you
Then do your job and fix it. I believe in you.
Then stop the sabotage.
Missed the part about where you intentionally sabotaged it... and still are... Of all the things you could be why choose evil, Taylor?
That's the reason they need to fix it not to destroy it dummy.
Oh wait.... you mean that Graham & Co are letting Obamacare fail by not helping stabilize marketplace. Just fixed your tweet.
You forget to finish the statement... "because the GOP is sabotaging it". #Truth

Let's not forget that 20 million Americans have health insurance under the Affordable Care Act who previously did not. #HealthCareDebate
ObamaCare is failing because it was designed to fail. So why does Congress pretend it can "fix" it?    Designed. To. Fail. On. Purpose.
Yeah thanks to you guys! #GOP @GOP #Trump = #ACAsabotage U cut funds, ads, shortened sign up time!
Then why don’t you get to FIXING IT!  You and your racist gop brethren don’t give a crap for JOHN Q PUBLIC. All about erasing Obama. SHAME!
Because Trump has taken action to make it fail.
and...it's because the gop is intentionally sabotaging it
@LindseyGrahamSC , honey, it looks like you're failing everybody
Are you afraid of loosing your full government coverage? We need a healthcare for all.
Clap trap. Utter clap trap.
Did you seriously just retweet your own comms director like "hey look folks! People agree Obamacare is failing!"  What a loser.
Right. We should definitely replace it with something worse.
So is your president.  Do you want to get rid of him?
So FIX it.  #GrahamCassidy is punitive and a joke.
So, 'let's take it all away' seems like a weird strategy. Maybe, ummm, fix it...
Then fix it! That is basically all you've been talking about for 7 years. You have the power but not the intellect to fix what is wrong.
'Lindsey Graham is failing folks' is more accurate.
Nevermind its being helped to fail by current admin
So now say truth. GOP is actively undermining ACA& killing people.
#ACASABOTAGE #GOP @GOP #Trump They cut funds, ads, & shortened sign up time!
The PEOPLE disagree.

You're contributing to the failure. You're sabotaging it. Country over party, quislings.
Because morons in Congress are directly sabotaging it.

Lindsey still won't explain why he put his name on a plan that would kill my dad.
And by morons, of course, I mean Republicans.
Is it? Many people with pre-existing conditions have healthcare now.
And Lindsey Graham is the reason for the failing.

He’s a hypocritical POS
Yep, that is a pretty good way to sum up that lie.
Why lie about everything?!
We find no evidence of the individual market collapsing. Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ … 
So many lies... #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
To everyone....https://twitter.com/npr/status/910540934177320961 … #GrahamCasiddy
Sen @BillCassidy called our reading of his health care bill on pre-existing conditions false. Here’s how we read it: http://n.pr/2fAWevD  https://twitter.com/BillCassidy/status/910316563047337984 …
Nope.
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
Seems like a big deal.
