Nope.  #NotMyPresident
Not my fucking president - #pussygrabber
Vile and disgusting just like Trump.  No surprise there, babe.
Why do you continue to support the worst president we have ever had? It makes you and other GOPers look silly, partisan, not very  patriotic
REALLY! I HAVE NEVER HEARD A WORSE SPEECH. SIR NEED TO GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER AND START THINKING OF THE PEOPLE AND NOT YOUR POLITICAL CAREER
"Will / determination"?  Sen. Graham YOU are OUT OF TOUCH. Trump is not climbing a mountain!  Trump lounges, golfs, TWITS, through life.
This is an insane comment. Get a grip lib.
His leadership is improving.
I can't believe you'd praise this lying narcissist. He lied about Muslims cheering, remember? He'll lie about you too. Just wait.
He already has insulted LG, & Cruz'z wife, Rubio, yet they all line up to insert noses. "Thank you sir may I have another?"
Nevermind his ridiculous rantings alongside that, huh?
Seriously? From a man who say he lost 100's of friends but didn't go to one funeral? He's a disgrace and not to fit honor these lost souls.
I missed it, did he reminisce about his bullshit story of Muslims celebrating when the towers fell?
You need to follow your conscience, Trump has none, but you still may be able to stay somewhat ethical
Lindsey Graham is a cool dude
As a ex Marine Washington is control by lawyers..getting paid by us…shame..
Senator, glad to see you being a straight shooter again.
What makes it excellent Linda?
His speech was read from a TelePrompTer and in a totally insincere manner-please don't degrade your intelligence with such commentary!
Sen Graham it is better than his original on 9-11 when he said he now had the tallest building because the towers fell
Oh Senator. I thought you were on the right track but it's now obvious you're drinking the orange Koolaid again. Please wake up!!
You don't really think he wrote that. You mean good job sticking with the script
I'm always amused when I read responses to your tweets and the first couple of hundred are totally snarky.
By excellent you mean he didn't seriously screw up?
You've got to be kidding...ur so anxious to like & worship him u praise him simply 4 reading a teleprompter/no pissing his pants...pathetic!
You know he only read what was given to him. The REAL Trump's speeches should have parent advisory labels. The difference is obvious!
Interesting I just read a document proving GOP Senators & House members who accepted millions from Putin pre2016 election explains alot
Working on the tax reform plan Mr. Senator?????
I hear a lot about police, fire and rescue. What about other working Americans?
Could you make up your mind?! It's very confusing to agree with you one minute, then give you a tissue for your brown nose the next!
Pathetic
Do we have to give out a compliment every time he doesn't completely embarrass himself and/or the country? That's how low our bar is?
You spoke too soon. He blatantly lied about helping look for survivors. Embarrassed our country once again
The sun shines on a dogs ass every once in a while.
This is how @realDonaldTrump really feels.  His speech writers are good, thougj
Call off Muller OUT tax $ that also PAY YOU are being wasted it's disgusting & unacceptable our $ would be better spent on Harvey & Irma!!!
Shut up
You mean he did a good job reading script this time?
Yes, he read his prepared speech like a big boy.
Good God Lindsey, grow a pair.
Yes, it totally overlooks all other atrocious things he has said and done. Totally. #blind  When will you ever learn?  Sad!
When will you break up with your abusive boyfriend? He's ruining your life.
You are both bad for America.
Yes,Sen Graham,he was a good little boy today! He gets a star on his paper!Someone wrote appropriate words for him.Let's hear him off script
What about talking off topic?  How about rambling during a moment of silence?  #embarrassment Quit kissing ass.
Do you remember when @realDonaldTrump claimed NJ Muslims were cheering? #Deplorable

You keep giving him participation trophies. He's going to ask why you voted to convict during the Impeachment.
As he gets on twitter to start WW3 with NK
What do you know.  You and McCain are terrible people.  hope  Pres Trump does not trust you.
You enable a grifter. A white supremacist. A Nazi sympathizer. A man who likely colluded with Russia to steal election. You are a fraud
Yea, and you would think so.  Complicit #GOP and you!
He does well when he has a LOT of time to practice.
Generally there isn't anything excellent in what Trump has to say. Therefore, I don't listen to any of his speeches. The man is anathema.
It's incredible that such a perfunctory duty for a POTUS as a speech honoring those lost in the only attack on US. soil is cause for praise
come on lindsey u know his going to jail stop pretending
You're so shallow, Graham.
Oh please .....
Did you check your courage at the door Senator Cowardly Lion?
Boring and totally without emotion.  Uninspiring. @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS  He was merely reading words.......and poorly at that.
Written by someone else and read from a teleprompter. I can never forget nor forgive his previous comments and lies regarding 9/11.
Yeah especially moved by his speech during the moment of silence 
Turncoat Graham
You are a fake butt kisser. Make up your mind. I am embarrassed that I once lived in SC. Gross.
How low can u go?
He followed a script, praise Jesus...
Setting a really low bar, what human being wouldn't honor the fallen?
Trump didn't make that speech. He read it. He's not capable of putting together anything intelligible on his own.
He's still a racist. The end.
So what you're saying is he stayed on script
Hmm...stop being a hypocrite! U talk a good game against Trump but vote with him most of the time.
Senator Graham,
Nothing can be said of Trump that alters his psychopathic personality &everytime U try U lose thousands of us. IMPEACH Him.
Stop. That man is an idiot. Don't lower yourself by feeding his ego.

Just can't depend on you!
The speech that somebody else wrote and he read. At least he can do this, right?! Doesn't mean that he cares, believes and determined.
Lindsey one time for America be a man not a mouse
Graham is spineless with zero integrity. Can't stand up to a bloated, bratty, 70-yr old child.
Lindsey rino....so glad you approved hahaha
PS...he needs no critique from you!
Try loyalty!
All he does is read a piece of paper someone else wrote
Kissing butt now is too late!!!
It was all about him
What fantasy are you living in? Oh the one where you need to ingratiate yourself to gain status. Got it.
9/11 was 16 years ago and you've been a constant force against terrorism since. Thank you, Senator. You serve us well and we appreciate you.

Lindsey.  he read what was wrote and his words mean little.  he is officially now youR disaster. Impeach his ass. You and Kasich 2020
Does he really need an atta boy every time he reads and stays on script? This whole  he acted like an adult is ridiculous
Lindsay nothing can make this right stop trying rehabilitate Trump. He doesn't see the need so it's like teaching pigs to sing

Don't come around here on 9/11 saying you love and respect New Yorkers if you hate us the other 364 days of the year!

Well, one thing is sure...New Yorkers neither love nor respect trumpov. As a matter of fact, they hate his guts! https://twitter.com/JohnLeguizamo/status/907253259999555584 …
Did you enjoy the part where he LIED about helping to clear the rubble?  Beneath contempt. He'd put on a dress to escape Titanic.
Read: Didn't make a complete ass of himself or offend any ethnic groups/minorities.
Too bad he acted the way he did at the time. Showed his true colors then.  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-911-anniversary_us_59b67625e4b0354e4413182b …
Finally a compliment, don't forget to thank POTUS for bringing jobs back to S.C.
HAHAHA HE BULLIED YOU CAVED LOSER LYNDSEY
You are a shame.
You know someone wrote it for him, right?
How low the bar when one compliments Perez for stating obvious as human
When are you going to stand up to this president? He's supposed to give a good talk on 9/11
Traitor in chief - #impeachTrumpnow
No, it wasn't. Tell him to stop going off script. He's very disingenuous.
-ugh...just stop trying to "normalize" it
Does not make him anymore qualified.  Don't try to make silk from a [vulgar] pig's ear.
Where's the link?
With all due respect Mr. Graham, you are an embarrassment to us all. Grow a pair you 2 faced hack.
Wow, some major ass kissing going on.
1 out of 4017 isn't bad
Thanks for setting the bar even lower. Isn't honoring the fallen Politics 101? 

Honor the American people and impeach this Russian puppet.
Gag
Were you expecting him to mock them?
You talk about him as if he were a 16 yr old. Disappointing that you have such low expectations.

Why are you always praising him via tweets like he is a toddler? Oh, right. He is a toddler. He talked through the moment of silence.
Seriously that's your idea of excellent!?
Yeah, like my 4th grader, he knows how to read.
See what through?  Are we going to  look for WMDs in Iraq again???
May been a good speech but was it genuine.
Oh boy, here we go!
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.@realDonaldTrump Now is your time to self-correct. Please do so.
I can't look at him or listen to his voice at this point.  Signed, Checked Out
He's fake as they come , and you can't Cover up shit with whip cream!
Haven't heard speach yet, excellent means someone with heart wrote and he read without ablib from teleprompter?
Yeah, he barely stumbled over any words longer than 4 letters. 

Too bad he didn't shut up during moment of silence.
It is not possible for Mickey Mouse to give an "excellent speech". Nor an automated GPS robot voice. Trump has no gravitas. Zero weight
Senator, I double-dog dare you to read these responses out loud to yourself while looking in a mirror.
He read it.
Lindsey Granham is worse than 45, he is a doble standard First he hate a bill then he signed. He is gutless to say that he share 45 values.

Thousands of people died on 9/11 and Trump’s initial reaction was happiness his building was the tallest again 
You have low standards Lindsey.
From your perspective maybe
Did you notice that Irma is not chasing bad hombre or immigrants only? There not wall to threat Irma.
By Trump, ir by TelePrompTer? Excellent speech by the speech writer and 45 was a good reader. Don't fool yourself .
Wow, he actually had a honest to God "good speech"? Maybe our country will stop falling apart now!
He's a tool and your blind/guided faith in this loser dilutes any confidence I actually had in you. Grow some lamb fries, Lindsey.
He talked during the moment of silence.  You think this is ok?
So we like that speech as opposed to this one? Because it is the same buffoon.
Trump when he sees himself in the mirror in the morning looks just like that their reaction is perfect
Yes he gets a gold star for leaving racism , bigotry and bullying out. Today he did not spit on democracy .The bar is set so low........
So sad that we expected less... and that this even needed to be said.
Judas man! He's lied about his 9/11 donation, losing tons of friends & cheering Muslims in NJ. Send kudos to the speech writer not him.
Ok. He can read. And your point is?
Senator Graham - those of us in the NY area know that they were only words and that there was no feeling behing them whatsoever.
Please. He is nothing but a gangster and you know it.
So, Yay that he didn't sound like a total idiot, embarrass himself and the GOP, & realistically simulated empathy? Yeah, go him.
Now we are praiyhim for being able to read a TelePrompTer
Mr. Graham, that's how he makes 62 million feel every day and growing. It's the MAGA effect. 
See neg left tweets on thread, sad isn't it.
fuck him!! He lied about 9/11 and is a fraud
In other words he didn't deviate from prepared remarks ?
OMG you are some gullible damn ppl.
Yeah, maybe. He still grabs pussy without asking & states there are good people (aka Nazi's) on both sides. We're not fooled. #gopSUX
stop LindseyGrahamSC! stop normalizing him cuz he can read off a teleprompter! Nazi Miller prob wrote it... ewwww! 
#CountryOverPartyNOW
One step forward, two steps back...
You mean the man that was happy on 9/11/01 that his building was again the tallest?
All that speech proved is that he can read.
Did he talk about the crowd size or his ratings? Just saying...he has a way of being completely inappropriate. IE: CIA Headquarters speech.
As long as he sticks to the script
To see what through?  Tearing apart the GOP and the entire democracy?
Why did he talk during both moments of silence?? 
.JFC, man. The idiot reads a prepared speech, composed by someone else, and you go all BROMANCE? You that easily manipulated? Vote You Out!
WTF is going on with you I'm gonna stop following u if u keep up with the ass kissing.What happened to your self respect?
Oh my God, it's the PIVOT, LMFAO. Mayor McCheese is a billion times more qualified to be president than @realDonaldTrump !
the sooner he resigns the office, the better off we'll all be.
He read words off of a paper-which were NOT written by him. It's sad when we all give a sigh of relief if he sticks to the script.
Stop kissing the ring!
haha haha...
trump is faking it.
President Trump's strategy is identical to President Obama's. "Keep at it so I can finish my term w/o losing."
TelePrompTer POTUS nothing more.
The bar is so low with this president that he gets praise for reading a teleprompter. SMH
U can't put "excellent" in the same sentence w "Trump" 2 describe anything he does. If u do ur delusional.
If you keep supporting and making excuses for this embarrassing incompetent narcissist, you are damaging this country & hurting your career
Why when he for 10 mins reads a speech & acts like a normal human are u so full of prsise. Wont last. Did u ever once praise obama?
So glad he read from a text and didn't say stupid "failing NY Time, fake news, I have the tallest bldg"things.See how easyJust be a face DT
Oh senator Graham........excellent????
Really???????
He's still an illegitimate POTUS
Stop it, Senator,  POTUS should not need someone  tweeting that he has done something that isn't an embarrassing debacle
you mean "good reading". He doesn't know how to speak in complete sentences on his own.
One day you seem to love the United States, the Constitution & the law,  the next you're kissing Trump's (hate spewer) butt. What gives?
Ugh, Lindsey get off Trump's . #sellout #suckup #resist #impeachTrump
That's who @POTUS is, @LindseyGrahamSC .
Does Donnie get a trophy for showing up today?Let's reserve the pats on the back for when he does something  good for our country shall we ?
And yet all I can remember are the lies he told about 9/11.
Are you kidding??
Don't normalize this asshole.
