Its 2017. Progressive Liberals brainwash gals into thinking someone is trying to control their life; There is (The Progressive Liberals).
Good attempt at a sentence Jason
Thanks Humpty.  Your nothing like the egg who fell off the wall.
So you're agreeing that Trump is a moron. That's a good first step
Humpty,I predicted last 3 elections,all @scotus rulings &many more things, I also received epiphany(revelation) of #Mashiach #HandbookofLife
Sounds like you're wasting your talents as a 'life coach' then  #BigTalker #BigTalker #StopPromotingYourBookInReplies
Humpty w all of your social power & wealth why don't U set up the Polygraph for me, G-d gave me the assignment, & he doesnt like Eggs @tbn
Isn't it blasphemous to refer to God as G-d?
Yes 2 the @GOP birth of baby all important -but Graham VOTES to take HealthCare AWAY from millions of babies- is sick Republican ideology
If someone is ready to raise the baby correctly, can afford it , and it wasn’t conceived by evil means, then  sure ur correct. Good luck 
That's really idiotic. It's not for anyone to decide but the woman in question and her doctor. No woman needs to have a baby she can't

A source in legal community told me that Trump coerced/paid about a dozen women to have abortions. All signed NDAs. Cohen was his fixer.
No thanks American Taliban. stop sniffing my vagina and mind your own damn business.
And then according to your healthcare plan @LindseyGrahamSC once that baby is born...if the parents are poor...tough. Right? Your policy?
Who are YOU to tell me what I can do with MY body?
#GunControl should be attached to #ProLife bill. If woman's choice doesn't trump #life why does man's right to own military weapons?
Good point.
AUDIO: Trump describing "benefits" of sex with a troubled teen.
Force is not encouragement. It is tyranny.
you adding great health care for all these babies and their moms??
shut up
afford to raise just because the Nazi GOP thinks there aren't enough white babies being born. That kind of thinking is Aryan.
I bet doctors would encourage everyone to have reliable, affordable healthcare too.
Yeah, uhm, he's making up a corollary that is not logical. And this is the same guy who thinks he has a good health care bill. SMH
AMERICA IS A PROGRESSIVE SECULAR NATION! 
PLEASE RESPECT R CONSTITUTION N WRKRS RIGHTS. 
IF YOU WANT TO B N THEOCRACY, MOVE TO IRAN OR SAUDI
And then what after the birtrh? CHIP? Oh nope can't do that
@LindsayGrahamSC is so hungry for validation he will make a deal with the devil aka  usurper in the WH @SenBobCorker
If Republicans believe in the sanctity of life, they need to make healthcare available and affordable for parents and babies.
Honestly, Lindsey. We we're counting on you to be the one Repub NOT fascinated by lady bits.

If a liberal wants a baby, it's a person at conception. If they do not, it's not a person until its in the car on the way home. Sad.
But you could give a shit once the baby is born to an impoverished mother and grows up without the resources it needs due to #GOP policies.
I hope you know this has zero chance of passing the US Senate. Even if it did, the Supreme Court would possibly rule it unconstitutional.
This is an extremely divisive issue to bring up now - just after the worst mass shooting in US history. TX, FL & Puerto Rico still need aid.
Stop it. #science. That doesn’t even make sense.

Typical GOP hypocrites. Tell the religious right anything, engage in extramarital sex & push women into abortions https://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/rep-tim-murphy-resigns-from-congress-after-allegedly-asking-woman-to-have-abortion/2017/10/05/7a68a414-aa08-11e7-850e-2bdd1236be5d_story.htmlhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/rep-tim-murphy-resigns-from-congress-after-allegedly-asking-woman-to-have-abortion/2017/10/05/7a68a414-aa08-11e7-850e-2bdd1236be5d_story.html …
I guess you've never heard of the separation of church and state. We're not a theocracy, regardless of what you may think.
Doctors also encourage Americans to have access to healthcare, but hey.

Um no. The law should not be "encouraging" anything. This is entirely between the woman and her doctor. #PainCapable #JunkScience
You have clearly never been pregnant with a baby who has medical problems. Bill force's parents to birth babies who will b sick n suffering
Absolutly!
What a nut job,what a complete waste o time given all the other issues abounding in society.He is supposed to be conserv yet wants more govt
If you won’t fund family planning and well baby pregnancy screening & now abortions, this is 1950 & women will die
I'm sure you'd feel the same way if your lil girl came home and said mommy I'm pregnant and the baby daddy is Daquan, so what if I'm 15.

If doctors are encouraging healthy eating, bunch of old men in DC should force feed you broccoli until you puke.
And guaranteed healthcare for the baby and its family.

If the law encourages the birth of the baby,then it is obliged to ensure the well being of the baby, including health,education and shelter.
I talked every day. I said I wish I wasn't raped. And then I went to 7th grade classes and prayed that I'd die.
This statement is nonsensical.  Both of you need to take a logic course at your local community college.
Maybe you and the law should mind your own damn business.
theses illegals wont vote for reps use your head doesnt matter what you do they will always vote democrat,learn from REAGON.
no daca no amnesty and no new bill for illegals if you do we will vote everyone out who votes on the bill you will be giving voters to dems.
Then dont take healthcare and services away from mothers and children if thats your goal
The concern for the unborn needs to match the concern for the born/mother:
Parental leave
CHIP
Enforce child support
Access to birth control
I do agree. Wish there was no need for abortion. W/ morning after pill, need should be low - can’t legislate morality. Science must dictate.
My body, my choice. Don't we have more important things to worry about in this country?
And your dime get outta my pocket
Oh bless your heart.
Lying #FakeChristians
Research: Bans on abortion after 20 weeks disproportionately affect young people & poor people #NoAbortionBan http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1363/4521013/full … https://twitter.com/ReproRights/status/914897770560888833 …
Doctors were also against the Graham-Cassidy plan, but Graham didn't give two shits about that.
Lying #FakeChristians
Hi Rep. Trent Franks. I’m a researcher and abortion provider. This isn’t actual science. I’d be happy to educate you about it if you’d like. https://twitter.com/RepTrentFranks/status/914889566825385985 …
But let's make it impossible for the baby to be born healthy by repealing ACA and more likely to die by automatic gunfire.
Life is so precious
We are growing and we would like you to be a part of it! Come join our team!
