He was referring to North Vietnam.
huh? I didn't think North Vietnam even existed any more
sigh.
Well I don't know, I assumed North *and* South Vietnam got turned into one Vietnam when we left!
It doesn't matter. I refuse to explain the joke in its proper historical context. I've moved on to tweeting about cookies.
Tossed?
Chocolate chip you NFL fan.
I prefer the Rocky Road Less Travelled.

I watch Rugby. It came first, has more blood, & isn't played between ads by guys wearing pads :P
With all due respect to our congress, if y'all can't repeal and replace you all should be subject to #Obamacare.
How do you think they get coverage now?
They have amazing gov. coverage! State employees are not subject to Obamacare. Please look up common public knowledge if you want to debate.
Congress is not state employees.  They get their insurance off the D.C. exchange.
They get a sweet deal that citizens are not privy to. They have amazing coverage for very little money.
They get coverage as if they were a small business.  If that's right is another question but they are not exempt from Obamacare.
If they were offered the same thing citizens were offered they would be changing their game plan is my point.
Small businesses in DC have access to the same plans.
He should have finished the job!  He is a traitor to this nation and to humanity!
You are calling a true war hero a traitor?  How did you serve?
He is not a war hero.  Research his true military records.  He was a traitor and still is today. He is a profiteering war merchant. Awaken!
Anyone that spends time in a pow camp is a hero
Great logic!  Please do some research of the real John McCain and his military service. Do you know that he even killed some of our own men.
Ok I am talking to a bot
You are talking to Truth. Sometimes it hurts. The most difficult part is admitting that you have been deceived by those you trusted most.
Technically he should vote the way his constituents want. After all they are the ones who put him in that position.
Well that's a nice thought. maybe he should be the one to start that!
You're absolutely right, he's a hero. & the GOP controls DC because you were elected to get things done..and that's failing. Laughing stock
This Vet says we all reach an age when we lose our senses. McCain is there; and needs to retire. He lied to us about Obamacare. DOTARD
Sorry Lindsey, John McCain should vote on behalf of his constituents! You are all in Washington for the people that voted for u! ACA!
Actually not true....he chose to represent the people who voted for him...he needs to follow THEIR wishes...this bs is all about his ego...
@LindseyGrahamSC John McCain is a liar a Democrat sheep's clothing
McCain is a hero who served his country his whole life. He wants regular order. Mike under #GrahamCasiddy employer HC would be worse.
McCain lied over and over and over we don't tolerate Liars
Mike do you know what's in that HC bill n how awful it is?
yes Obamacare is a disaster give Healthcare to the states
Do you understand the bill what's in it not the GOP talking points. You stand to lose a lot under this bill even if your employer based HC
Bill allows states to gut pre exsisting conditions and puts lifetime caps back on insurance. You could be refused coverage
Each state has to set up their own mini HC market. They're never going to do that in 2 years. HC markets will collapse 1/2 M HC jobs will be
He should vote for what is best for the people he is supposed to represent and not vote on his personal feelings or just to oppose Trump.
He did.
Calling him a traitor is an attack
Good go for it Johnny. @SenJohnMcCain
Unreal. McCain's a fraud
Batshit
True....but we don't have 2 like it
Yes! And President Fatberg Trump wasn't even willing to fight for his country, so leave Hero McCain alone.
#Obamacare, call us when you're shovel ready! #Berniecare call us when you're dead!Congress should be held accountable 2 the laws they pass!
My question to Mr. @SenJohnMcCain: Sir, with all due respect, how would you vote if you were subject to #Obamacare?
If you have any class he is
And I can still think he's a demonstrated "lie to my constituents to get re-elected" sack of wet excrement.
He certainly was NOT willing to take responsibility for the murder of 130+ sailors he killed what a stand up guy NOT...
It's unfortunate that LG doesn't have an ounce of JM's patriotism or compassion.
.@LindseyGrahamSC has no right to give permission to vote however they want! They work for their states & constituents.
His choice is the moral choice. How dare you qualify it!
I would say the GOP need to get off the Koch dick.  Their money isn't worth screwing over all your fellow citizens.
Well I not so sure the people of Arizone would agree, We vote officials  to office  to do our bidding. Not yours or his!
Pretty sure John McCain can vote any way he wants to because that's his right.
I call BS on that. There's a reason his nickname is songbird!

Not soon enough!
Sure- John McCain has every right to campaign for years on repealing/replacing ObamaCare and flat out lie to the American people about it
No he can't!!  He votes on our behalf- not his bruised ego, or hate for this President- he's compromised!!
That's the point. Heroes fought, suffered and died so we can all vote, speak, worship, love and dream any way we want. It's called freedom.
1/ Dear Anti-ACA People: Prior to the ACA, hundreds of hospitals were on the verge of closing. Hospitals that you may need one day.
2/2 You may also develop a pre-existing condition AT ANY TIME, no matter how you deny it or think you're healthy. The ACA protects YOU, too.
I can vote any way I want to also. His point?
He has been in office so long he does not believe he need to answer to the electorate. We need to recall his ass!
This is the first things @LindseyGrahamSC has said in months that I agree with. Thank you for defending your fine friend @SenJohnMcCain.
And we can vote anyway we want too!
.@LindseyGrahamSC Well, thank god Lindsey Graham is allowing a war hero to vote his conscience. Thank god there aren't more Sens like graham
He can also stand or kneel.
You GOD damned right, I would back @JohnMcCain's play to the gates of hell . . . and back !! Thank You.
How about Dreamers now enlisted, also willing to die for this country? What do they get? This hypocritical stance is sickening.
He was sent to Washington on behalf of his REPUBLICAN constituents, It's OUR voteNOT HIS!
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
John McCain should not be serving in Congress. He is not mentally stable and appears to have a grudge against @potus.
I wasn't aware he needed your approval
One thing I actually agree with Graham on, ha!
He is just mad he is not president.  One word I have heard lately describes him .....what was it?  Oh "Dotard"
Yes unlike many including our president
Isn't it more abt WHY he was voted in, what he promised his constituents? This certainly won't help ppl drowning in premiums at all 
That doesn't count.  So if I went to war I can impose my will on my voterbase and not uphold campaign promises.
Lindsy you need to tell that to your vile POTUS who continues to disparage him as he fights for his life again.U know u want to tell him off
John "Songbird" McCain
Is a lier!!
Lindsey graham is bought by the rich and does not care about the voters
... and McCain cares so much about the voters he lies to them every. damn. election.
People in Arizona are pissed! 119% increase!!!!
Smartest thing he has said in weeks
Agree with you on this, Senator @LindseyGrahamSC!
So you're allowed to blatantly lie repeatedly because you were willing to die for the country? How are the two related?
Yes but every action there is consequences.I'm sure Senator McCain would agree and he is able to put on big boy pants and take the criticism
Shane you are wrong so very wrong. Should McCain vote to bomb Hawaii?  Noooooo!
He would if Soros told him to.
Canada is NOT a socialist country !!!
Umm, not sure we agree on that.
That's true for any member of Congress not paid for by corporate interests
Actually, I disagree with @LindseyGrahamSC, but he did say he respects McCain despite disagreement. As an SC citizen, hate this bill!
It's important not to get so caught up in partisan politics that you miss @LindseyGrahamSC saying he respects McCain. Still hate bill. 29201
ASK TRUMP IF HE IS WILLING TO DIE FOR THIS COUNTRY  LOLOLOOLLOLOL
He was elected to represent what Arizona wants not what he wants
Good so don't bash Bernie Lindsey Graham.
I care for McCain but he is talking both sides. He did campaign on repeal and replace.

Amen to that
Still wish he would reconsider
