BREAKING NEWS: Health bill stalls as more GOP senators announce opposition http://fxn.ws/2t9Eah6 
You all seem incapable of multi-tasking, so let's take this one step at a time, shall we? 
Just #REPEAL the damn thing.
They can't...  You might not like it, but it's popular...  it'd cause the GOP to lose big in 2018, and they know it...
It's popular? 
I guess people have been electing Rs at all levels City, State and Fed since 2010 on it's popularity. 
Then why hasn't it passed? Cuz their scared...
You'll get no argument from me about the severe lack of intestinal fortitude in the GOP. But Obamacare is not popular, at all.
It's popularity shot up when people realized it was the ACA ;)
When was that exactly? When they realized their premiums + deductibles were double their rent/mortgage payments annually? Great plan. 
Just fyi my ACA plan is not cheap but I have 0 deductible. Preventative dr visits covered, labs covered. I've had a great experience.
Yes stableize the markets, stop the Death Spirial BS talk and that care of promoting the general welfare, don't push it on states.
When you oppose Obamacare so much that you preserve it in its entirety.

What a disgrace you establishment Republicans are!
Y'all had 7 damn years. How about actually doing what people want/need  and not trying to erase what Obama did?
NO AMNESTY FOR ILLEGALS

What is wrong with you? #BuildTheWall #DeportThemAll

Just resign already.
If all republican reps acted like u i might return to the fold #trump #toddlerpresident
It's time for legislation in the sunshine -- no more back door deals. Hearings must be  held.
Keep at it Senator Graham to wake up the Republican Party to reality. You continue to show the balance that they need to see from you !
What are you going to do? Stand of the PEOPLE or the GOP Liars that want to take away Healthcare. Straight question. What's straight answer?
It's time for new leadership in the senate
How about we forget whose name is on the Act & just repair ACA & put any name on it.  SS, Medicare, Medicaid have all evolved. So can ACA!
Please consider all those SC children that now have Medicaid because of Obamacare. Harming children should never be the final act !
You have been talking abour repealing Obamacare for seven yesrs, yet you don't have a replacement plan. Simply Shameful!
Maybe GOP and Dems work together?!
It's time for YOU to initiate single payer and get off this trumpcare wagon. You really want to go down with this ship?
Well not exactly @JCLRRA hes just trying out that new approach he keeps hinting at
#completerepeal NOW
And that solution puts tens of thousands of SC children without basic healthcare. Not a solution to kill the poor children.
Bipartisan - it takes all of us working together - with the exception of the Russians.
You've had 7 years, and now THIS is your Action Plan?
How bout an old one, say, something form the last few years; ya, full repeal, no replace. You already have the bills written, recycle it
@realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain :  Talk on both sides of aisle.What happened to compromise? Insur.Industry:big intererence
Yes. Work with democrats. Wow what an idea. Or maybe u prefer working with russians
How's that working for you. Libs give you advice but they will not vote for you
Like working with Democrats, Governors and the medical industry?
They trying to help destroy President Trump, replace their asses in the next election!
#NEVERrepeal #NEVERrepeal #NEVERrepeal #ImpeachTrumpNow #GrowAPair
No kidding.
Cancel August, stay until there is a plan. Work with fellow Republicans and support the President! Elected people have lost trust of voters
Trump Punch recipe is toxic.
like fixing it?
Want a new approach to healthcare? Try being truthful and transparent.
#Nancy Pelosi told GOP then pass the bill to see what is in rhe bill. # Now, John MCCain said have conference with dem to pass the bill.???
Mr. Graham explain why so many insurance companies are dropping their health coverage due to Obamacare?
What do you know about "new approaches"??? Lol
How about working WITH Demorats
And you know what this means......Obamacare never ever goes away. Progressives, they're in both parties-this is why it will never go away
It's time for you to retire or run as the Demorat you are!!!  You won't get my vote.
Why not ammend Obamacare? It is much easier.
Sit down with Dems and fix Obamacare for the American people..
What is your suggestion, put up or shut up
Wait.  Your party is still trying to reduce social security.   You can't give up on taking healthcare away from poor people this soon.
That's still a terrible bill. Please work with Democrats for once in your life.
You want to get rid of the ACA & Medicaid? Fine. Repeal the ACA and provide Medicare for all. Time to join the rest of the modern world.
Ask Canada...
Like fixing the problems with the ACA?  Which by the way, has saved many lives...
No repeal or we repeal and replace GOP. 8 years of all talk and GOP has zero. Pathetic fail. 2018 you lose control
Blame @SenateMajLdr &@SpeakerRyan . We will never accept tax breaks for wealthy, and taking care away. Single payer now
How about we ditch the hashtag? If you want Ds on board, we could live with"improve" or "fix" or "save." Still allows GOP to claim credit
Stop concentrating on how to insure health costs and focus on why US healthcare costs are so out of line; work on that.
Sit down all of you, Republicans and Democrats, take what's working with the ACA and FIX what's not working. Healthcare for all.
Yeah, like Revise and Retain.
if you have time for Fox then you have time to come sit and speak with South Carolina voter. respectfully sir you should find time.
do not watch fox news sir. called both of your offices yesterday. if youd like ur constituents to hear u have some town hall meetings sir.
Maybe your new approach could be to stop lying about Obamacare.
Clean repeal today
Its time for a new approach on all things DC Senator. Can you help?
Please, do not support this health care bill. Repair the ACA. Don't kill or sabotage it.
Yes let's improve the current system and stop sabotaging it
you have sense Senator @LindseyGrahamSC ...please work w Dems and create a HC plan that both parties can OWN...
So does that mean @SenateMajLdr's plan to just repeal the ACA is off the table as well? Or will @GOP continue1/x
In its depraved indifference to the consequences of such action? #resist #indivisible 2/2
Pardon my French, but No Shit, Sherlock.
Maybe pass reform that's more than a budget bill, with no bipartisan support, to be killed in 2018?
Noooo really?  How about working for country over party greed
@FoxNews time to fix the ACA #FixTheACA
News Flash- Y don't u suggest McConnell sit down with Dems and work together to fix the parts of ACA that need fixin'? Jesus, common sense
Well if you're asking me how about the republicans and democrats sit down and make the ACA better. I don't know seems too much though.
@TopherSpiro This time do it right or eventually the Dems will do it for you.  Either fix the ACA or pass MedicareForAll.
Yes single payer insurance-- fund it by keeping him off the golf courses and out of mar a lug off.
Provide for the Americans you represent...that would be a new approach for congress.
FINALLY figured that out, did you? You figured it out on your own? Now Trump wants to just repeal and take healthcare away from 31M people.
Like when you voted YES in 2015 to #repealobamacare leaving 32M Americans without #Healthcare Oh and #ThanksObama
2674 days. Still waiting
Look at that profile in courage. Wouldn't step up and say no like other four senators but now that it won't pass he has ideas.
@GuardianRover Here's a radical idea: why don't you work on a bipartisan solution? Gasp!
Not tipping millions off their insurance and saying fuck you to the most poor and vulnerable? Good idea!
What about repair before repeal?
Your party had SEVEN YEARS to really find improvements. You failed and tried to pass this joke. And you were FOR it. Don't lie.
Shut up, Lindsey.
How about fixing what's wrong with ACA? DON'T repeal or replace.
Ok, here is the new approach.

Same as the old (2015) approach.

repeal the damned thing, and take 6 months to come up with a replacement
You mean like open, honest and transparent governance
Don't do that. That's even worse.
Now you say that, but you weren't one of the 4 no votes.  You were going to vote for it.
Yes! First, ditch McConnell as "leader", then try the way govt is SUPPOSED to work.  Public hearings, both sides working together, etc.
It's time for a Full Repeal, nothing less! Y'all promised a FULL REPEAL now deliver what y'all PROMISED for 7 damn years!
Nope Lindsey. It won't work. I hear the Govener of KY is pretty pissed that the tax cuts were left out of the newest version.Truly sad u are
How about just improving instead of trying remove ACA/Obama history?
Yes If New Approach = Actually Working With Dems Across The Aisle.
How about reaching across the aisle?? Hellloooo????
Here's an idea. Do your damn jobs, reach across the aisle and improve and repair the current system. Or give US what YOU get
Yeah, how about dropping repeal and just go with repair. The fixes are pretty easy.
@kasthomas @FoxNews Save face & fix the bad parts for the needy.  Extreme rhetoric is poison. Party first is poison.
Rip Van Health Insurance
#SinglePayerNow
Just repeal
It's called Obamacare-- keep it because over 50% of your constituents want it! I
Uhhhh ya think????
It's a no brainer Lindsey, fix the ACA. Rename it to Trumpcare and the man baby President will take credit for it.
How bout letting the Dems have a say
4/4 Last: Commit to the only real way forward for #healthcare which is  #FixandExpand and #ProtectOurCare
What the hell is wrong w/you ppl in congress? Where have u been for the last 6 yrs?The last 8 months?Time is up, the swamp is done,AWOKE
How about just fixing it?
3/4 Third: Solicit input from professional Societies, patient groups, @AARP @LungAssociation @American_Heart & from patients & families
single payer now!
I agree. How about going forward with some basic decency and not trying to take away healthcare from millions of Americans.
Lindsey go to sleep! You know you'll just sell out the American people!
How about universal health care.  Health care is a human right.  Forget repeal.  It's not about Repubs winning, it's about human beings.
It's time to repeal McCarran-Ferguson to require competition in insurance ind & move to capitated care model for promoting health & wellness
2/4 Agreed. Second step commit to abide by universal principle followed by physicians, required by patients #DoNoHarm
I'm still so surprise that after 7 yrs of bitching about ACA that they don't have a plan ready to sign into law, she said sarcastically.
Singlepayer please. It's time. Make a system that works. We pay 20% on care up to $1k per year. Pay premiums when employed like normal.
Fix ACA. Stop this nonsense. We're fed up.
1/4 Agreed. First step eliminate the hateful #RepealandReplace slogan!
Sir, why _not_ pass Medicare-for-all, as a Republican Bill?
You have the good sense most of the Republican congress doesn't have.  Continue to speak up.
How about just #Repeal? Quit being a big government shill.
@LindseyGrahamSC. Equity for all people must be assured
People in CA have the same health issues and problems as every other state in the union. No max cap-no preexisting-no tax cuts for rich.
How about a concerted effort to support and shore up ACA.
New idea: Joint RD group to fix Obamacare, without tax break for the rich.
Repeal and replace TRASH gutter rat @GOP just progressives wrapped in  conservative BS
Trying to help and protect every single American, maybe?
If you people REALLY knew what all of us face each day, it might help you ditch your donors and work for the people.
See nothing do nothing is the standard.
U better start tweeting your buddies in the Senate! Not us, we have been waiting, waiting, waiting!
Yeah, go to Canada and see how they have reduced costs.
Stop trying the repeal the #ACA. It's not luxury care. I don't get to jet off to the Mayo Clinic. Expand the subsidies. Be kind not cruel.
How 'bout you start w/ retiring "#RepealAndReplace" Maybe try 'cooperate and improve'? or better still: 'Leave ACA Alone.' That'd be great.
The approach has to be civilized &sane. Stop with tax cuts for wealthy in this bill! Work w/Dems and compromise...jessh
Agree-fix it don't repeal it.
Like working with the Dems in an open, methodical data driven process with hearings and experts.  That new approach?
Like stop trying to kill people?
I dare you republicans throw stones at democrates and obama. Y'all are the height of  hypocrisy.#8years to have a plan
@FoxNews repair ACA - millions of Americans depend on it and would be dead without it.
Yes.  Please work w/all legislators. When @GOP works on something, 64% of population is not represented. We elected all of you. Do your job.
The new approach is work w/Dems to make ACA strong. It is the law of the land, ya know. Really, it is that simple.
Then try to replace it with something that doesn't kill people. You've had years to figure it out.
Thank you Senator Graham, I agree a fresh start is a good idea, one that is transparent.
This makes me SO Hopeful!!
Time to give statesmanship a try for a change and work openly and listen to your constituents? That would be refreshing.
Ya think? Maybe something crafted not in the dark and by a bipartisan committee?
Yeah...  Gather up some Dems and try #ReaditandFixit
You were the yes vote, right? You're very good at yanking our chain. I don't believe you for a second.
Maybe a joint effort?
Certainly is.
Have you heard of Single Payer? It's cheaper and everyone is covered!
You think so.....  how about work together and fix what we already have. I mean act like you really give a damn about us. #simpsonvilleSC
Hell you looking for our OK to get it done Green light, move, follow or get out of the way for the love of God, just do something @SenateGOP
Im going to say this LOUD & PROUD...I FULLY SUPPORT #RepealAndReplace! REPEAL TRUMP & CONGRESSIONAL GOP; Replace them w/ US PATRIOTS! 
#KillTheBill  @maddow #rachelmaddow
Fix the ACA!! Forget repeal!
Like one that includes democrats and debates?
@ZekeJMiller @FoxNews ya think??
AGREE! Most Dems & moderate Republicans want the same thing! ork together to strengthen & FIX the ACA - look to VA,Medicare,& medicaid!
Wow, you're so brave, Lindsey. You're like MLK, Rosa Parks, Gandhi and Lincoln all rolled into one.
Lost without the traitor aren't you?
Yes..how about FIX issues with ACA. Listen to Americans who are actually using it. What works, what doesn't. Problem solve.
It's about time someone woke up @SenateMajLdr from his #FakeNews and tell him he failed.
Start with getting rid of #repealandreplace.  New approach needs to be called something like HCReform2017
How about #RepairAndStrengthen? It's what the MAJORITY of the American people want, Senator.
Yes, open public hearings, people working together for better healthcare for all & not just a tax cut for millionaires.
Can we have your health insurance fuckwad???
Here's a crazy idea: try a bipartisan approach. Drop repeal, reach across the aisle to moderate Dems on fixes, and restore regular order.
It's #JustRepeal  Nobody wants replace except goofball politicians who apparently are too stupid to listen to their constituents.
Maybe fix the bill, work with Democrats, do what's best for THE COUNTRY not just your party. This isn't about catchy slogans, it's lives.
The new approach would be to leave it alone, it only needs to be reformed not repealed!

Republicans want to repeal it bcoz its Obama's!
Wow. 
Ya think? 
What a brilliant idea
CBO scored repeal without a replacement - it's a humanitarian disaster of incomprehensible scale. 32M lose insurance. Premiums go up 100%.
The death of Trumpcare is an answer to a prayer.  My family would be seriously harmed if Obamacare were repealed
Maybe it's time for a new President.
Yeah stop trying to repeal something and work on improving it like the govt does on any significant legislation ever passed
You are so brave sending this out after others stand up against this horrible bill... #Pathetic
fix major issues with the ACA and dont cut medicaid. Simple really
