... and how to crush them, no doubt.
Did you share w them your affinity for dom terrorist group #antifa, who bloodied dozens of innocent, peaceful people in Berkeley yesterday?
Thanks for meeting with people during your time off. Hope you get a chance to relax a bit too - you deserve it!
Great work dear Sen.  @LindseyGrahamSC 
God Bless U
Universal healthcare
Your new friends in action Lindsey...SC will remember in 2020.
ANTIFA NEEDS? WHY DON'T YOU ARM THEM WHILE YOU'RE AT IT.
Our needs are getting Congress to get it together and pass some bills.
Trying to get your approval rating up from 19%?  Don't go against our POTUS. You freakin RINO.
what are you this week Lindsey, a Republican or Democrat ?
Lindsey Graham has stood up 4 Trump much more often than McCain has.
Glad to see two women in a sea of men!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=T_WwluluuEQ …
Anderson country is much more diverse then old white men & 1 old black woman. How can the ENTIRE community be served w/out a Diversity??
That sounds more like it stick to local,your way out of your league else were
Still waiting on your statement re: Arpaio pardon. Hiding behind Harvey won't make this go away.
Biggest threat is a president who thinks he is on a reality tv show. He pardoned Arpaio because he thought it would improve his tv ratings
No thanks.
Too late, everyone knows your in bed with Hillary
They need a new potus @LindseyGrahamSC ...might wanna work on that before we are all learning Russian
Is SC DSS ignoring elderly abuse there as in Richland? @scsocialservice @sc.gov
When will you take action on your immigration reform ideas?
What my home town(Anderson)  thinks about you!!!!!  Vote this RINO our!  He cannot be trusted #MAGA
Get on the #TrumpTrain you mindless tool
this is just a photo op you two face back stabbing lying traitor and a bad one at that!
I thought you should know the Russians are copying an American designed ground to space Hyper Sonic Magnetically Refrigerated Aitcraft
Please stop ignoring the danger Trump poses.  Do something before it is too late.  #25thAmendmentNow
Oh Dear Lord
You need to impeach
Or maybe you talked about which statues in SC need to come down? Nah? You praise leftist thugs to bash #Trump, but no stand on that, eh?
lots of words go back to D.C. And do your job
Get rid of trump and his self serving team
We all need a new president

You should be hooked up to a lie detector
See how unpopular you are looking
All business owners or are here working folks there too?

The nation is being flushed down the toilet but Congress needs a month off. Those three day work weeks are exhausting! #ImpeachTrumpNow

Get rid of trump
We would have dumped Obama long ago if it worked that way
Where is the proof democrats are being investigated for it now lol
The community needs 2 things from you. 1) Leadership to remove @realDonaldTrump from office. 2) Admit who you are & come out of the closet!
Priority #1: Impeach Trump
He has to break a law can't just impeach or Obama would have been out long ago
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Healthcare for women and protections. Return to science so we don't get blindsided by the climate.
Did they tell you they need a senator that's a loyal Republican?
Looks more like a photo op. Only important ppl sat at the table ????
I think a POTUS who's not a sociopath would be a good start
Impressive diversity.
When can we expect you to speak out against #ANTIFA violence, BY NAME??
The day after he comes out of the closet.
Priority 1: impeach trump
He has to break a law first lol
1 black woman and a lot of fat white men. That's some "community" u got there.
You need to #ImpeachTrump so the community can fall in place behind a strong and decent American leader once again.
Step 1: Impeach Trump
He has to break a law first lol
up for re-lection soon?
Good
