This is the time for action, not cute little jokes. We need the few decent people on the right to save this country, so far, you have failed
1/2 Why not say I wish the President would look ahead  instead of backwards? The fact that he really thinks he has eclipsed 44
2/2  is laughable. 44 kept us from financial ruin. Talk about a mess. If honest, I bet Senator McCain was grateful that he finished second.
Total brain malfunction here. Since when is 44 greater than 45. Answer=NEVER.
44 IS AND WILL ALWAYS BE BETTER AND SMARTER THAN 45 WILL EVER BE..CHECK OUT HIS RATING...BETTER WAKE UP AND SMELL THE COFFEE SWEETIE

TRUMP HASN'T FILLED VACANCIES, USING THE OFFICE TO GET RICH. 1st LADY IS LAZY. OBAMA WAS NEVER INVESTIGATED, OR DISREPECTED WOMEN. SHUT UP
Look at the world around you-thanks to Pres-there's nothing funny anywhere anymore-except the jokers running our government 
Life is exciting growing economy jobs for those who lost hope. We love Trump
Jobs & economy have steadily improved since Obama 2008-Trump has only torn down-not built or improved anything-Don the Con created suckers
You are led astray Obama only helped those who wanted handouts the rest he hurt.
My 3 adult sons were workin 2-3 jobs-business were closing n 2008-years since now make $100k+-No1 led me-I saw 4 myself-their lives improve
Good for them they are part of very few that prospered. Why you think democrats are having hard time people don't want to give up handouts
Sometimes people need handouts until they can get back on their feet-some billionaires file numerous bankruptcies which is theft & handout
Seeing you normalize Trump did it. I used to think that although I disagreed with you, you were a good man. No more.
Actually  @MSNBC and @maddow are overtaking all other networks for ratings
She is a totally disgrace to this country
Sen. Graham, it would be great if you could stop Madman Trump before he destroys the country you claim to love. #DumpTrump #DoYourJob
Trump wonderful look at economy and jobs if watching MSNBC you are being lied to.
So funny. Don't you realize @hughhewitt hosts a show on MSNBC? Now come out of the closet you queen.
Will you just allow Trump to flout the law? You will say nothing about Arpaio? What about when he pardons Flynn? Manifort? When will it end?
@LindsayGrahamSC impeach Trump.  He is damaging the Republican Party in the long run...
In fact Clinton even though she is Democratic would be better than then Trump for the Republican Party that's how bad Trump is.
Than then * mistake made
You wish!! @MSNBC ratings r STILL climbing & have been since Trump...u just go ahead & keep on doing @FoxNews tho! You R MAJOR DISAPPOINT!!
Where is the bottom for you and other GOPers? Is this somehow entertaining you?
What is wrong with you, Lindsey? Looks like all you really care about is attention.
Sadly I have to agree @LindseyGrahamSC has gone from thoughtful, measured remarks to completely pathetic words to gain popularity.
You need to stop flip-flopping one minute you're against the buffoon and then now you say he can be changed what planet you on
Exactly! Changes with the wind. It's getting old and I'm losing respect here!
I lost all respect the moment they ALL allowed him to step into the Oval Office. This will destroy them. Oh well....
Love our president thank God Obama gone and Hillary over
I support @POTUS @realDonaldTrump In the name of #Jesus #GodProtectsHim #BloodOfJesus #CoverHim & I agree w/JoeArpaio #pardon #MAGA
Lindsey don't let him get away with this abuse of justice. It is so dangerous. Please speak out strongly. Better yet, please take action.
Unfunny & inaccurate.
You have Trump's number. DO SOMETHING before it's too late FFS
@GOP Congress: complicit or neutered?
#ImpeachTrump
Don't you ever  get tired of pretending POTUS is a smart, or even good, person? It must be perpetually galling to see him in the WH .
He thinks he is on a reality tv show. He's crazy and you let him run this country. Now the GOP wants to cut off funds for the Russian probe.
Yeah. I follow you because of the version of you I see on @MSNBC.. guess I shouldn't.
Declare George Soros a terrorist
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/declare-george-soros-terrorist-and-seize-all-his-related-organizations-assets-under-rico-and-ndaa-law …
This pardon of Trump's is a slap in the face to the rule of law. You are on a slippery slope and history will judge your actions.
Remember 2018 and 2020 is coming faster then u think and whoever stands with Trump will lose. Watch how it go's
I had respect for you, but y2iu are shaming SC for your excuse making for 45. You are becoming unhinged and it will lead to you losing seat
You tweeted this on 17th of Aug...are you bipolar? Or looking to fill one of the many positions, that have recently become vacant.
Considering @MSNBC is beating the pants off Fox in ratings, your tweet is hilarious, and dishonest. #factsmatter
Mr. Lindsey Graham, You disappoint me.
I'm disappointed as well  @LindseyGrahamSC.  Really tone deaf remarks sir. I have come to expect so much more.
Mr Graham, "there’s nothing ordinary about Donald Trump" trivializes Trump's outrageously unfit behavior. You'd NEVER accept it from a DEM.
http://variety.com/2017/tv/news/msnbc-cable-news-ratings-charlottesville-1202531567/ …
Lindsey, the President  needs you and the Republican party  to get it together  for him and Country
This tweet is from a day ago. No recent ones? Will you comment on Trump pardoning Arpaio? Trump is a LIABILITY YOU NEED TO IMPEACH HIM!
MSNBC = #1 rated cable news network. You that out-of-touch ... or  following 45's lead of lying about the media?
God bless you senator Lindsey Graham. You know how to spread happiness.
Can't figure out healthcare, taxes, the Middle East, transgender troops, domestic relations......

Manipulates cable news ---> victory tweet
Seems the training you've done with Bannon has really improved your flexibility?
Who's gonna pay for the wall?
There's that many TVs on at all his residences at once?
Over these dam ass republican senators
@realDonaldTrump u validating them

Good effort, but ur no Sen. Franken....
You are misguided and injudicious Senator Graham.  The ebb tide lowers all ships, break from the GOP or risk being grounded.
After I read this article I lost respect for you! Trump has no respect for the office and u need to stop being a coward and stand up to him.
I find it sad that you feel you need to talk down to the little people. We read, we know this man trump is tearing up the country.
Really? This is what our leaders have resorted to?  Jokes, giggling and mocking?  Awesome ! So much class among our current leadership
All we ask if for the GOP to do their Job #support your President. Maybe then he will stop
Keep aligning yourself with a failing @POTUS! Remember u r judged harshly by the company u keep! Racist is as racist does!!
BTW, born w a silver spoon, scamming people, being in constant temper tantrum is NOT street fighting. That's elite entitlement ideology.
If u think anti-America, pro-Nazi, pro-Russia, habitual lying, permanent PMS is political strategy- Im terrified what you view unhinged is
No it won't.  If you feel that way why do you go on do iften
Your bought and paid for by HRC and the DNC. No one takes you seriously anymore. No democrat in 2020 but look out!
Also maybe he should shut the TV off and actually get WORK done helping you get things passed like we expect him to do.
Maybe if he'd stop watching TV, tweeting and campaigning 7 months into his prez of 4 yr term He can actually learn how politics work
Trump's up late at night, up early in the morning with tweet rants. Let's consider 86 for 45.
Your credibility as a statesman has suffered due to this chaotic interview. You SOUNDED like trump-with a slightly better grasp of language.
Sucks that "political strategy" = lying, bitching, and moaning for 60 mins. Sucks more that real Americans fell for it
You are as wrong about that as you are about most things.  Check the ratings.  Speak the truth or you lose your credibility.
Cute. But Chris, Rachel, Lawrence, Brian. They have lots of folk's attention.
Well I had hope you were actually one of the good o es! I should have known! You're all hipocrits!
And to think, I'd started to have some respect for you. Too bad you have no self respect, if u did u wouldn't make such ignorant comments.
The president is unstable. I'm astonished that you think his antics are funny. The majority are worried that a clown has the nuke codes.
Concentrate on impeachment and restoring rule of law. We know DJ is beyond repair; please act for us. Yr loyalty/inaction reveal failure.
This is probably your most cowardly moment. You should be ashamed. You won't be. But you should.
Who knew that Lindsey Graham's super hero power is comedy. @realDonaldTrump
The sad confeds of my former home state wish you would take a Sherman-like stand against @POTUS
if you are so comfortable dissing MSNBC why dont you have the courage to go on MSNBC. You are always on Fox and msnbc beats them
Are we adding you to the list of disappointments? You and the rest of @GOP will have to answer for decisions made during this administration
Hey Lindsey go head to head with Rachel  Meddow.
Stop trying to be a comedian--put that energy into being a better legislator.
I'm unfollowing you.  You used to be a reliable, sensible guy.  Now you're just pandering.  Pathetic.



The fake news channel you seem to watch. You have been caught working both sides (democrat and republican). You lose to your position soon.
It appears you've been watching fox much too long. It's not too late to stop the progression of hate and ignorance. Just say NO to fox!
You would like to think that wouldnt you?
He didn't bit his tongue
Thanks I needed a good laugh u r right on
How can you defend his communications "strategy" when it is made up of lies?  Country before party!
U flip flop almost as much as the president. 1 minute u speak out against, next u r pandering! I cannot  support u any longer!!!!!
So, are you pro-Trump or anti-Trump this week, Lindsay? 
You're as funny as getting kicked in the balls.
So now you're attacking the press too? I used to think more highly of you.
I think it's sad that we can't have a bill on debt ceiling or a bill on healthcare alone or a bill on vets alone. Too many things in 1 bill
Not true Mr. Graham.  Not even close to being true.
History will NOT be kind to you.
-Lindsey you're as bipolar as the Trump I think those MAGA hats have eaten away at the brains of those who wore them
I read the transcript of your interview with Hewitt.  I thought you had more common sense and character than media
...than to join in on media bashing.  I guess I was wrong.  I thought you knew  what an unhinged person is.  I was wrong.
Your delusional Lindsey.  Haven't you heard MSNBC is beating Fox ratings.
And MSNBC and rachel are ahead in ratings so that's just bitter nonsense only funny to base. I believed you were better Han hat.
Nice of you to shower hate on half country. Jews and Blacks won't forget your normalizing racism and antisemitism.
Time to stop playing games and  work to get policies done
Who gives a flying fuck about MSNBC ratings? You have people, that voted you into Office, that need your help. Get your shit together. 
Lol
You should take a stand! How can an old man like you be so spineless?
Unfit to shine McCains shoes.
Well Senator, that's just wishful thinking on 2 counts. 1) audience size and 2) the President's ability to control an impulse.  Any impulse.
Lindsey you're better than this - Stooping to POTUS's level
Oh, you mean @msnbc, #1 in cable news now thanks to the Racist in Chief? You are a pathetic person. SC should get rid of you. #Complicit
No it doesn't. Don't be like the alleged president and spread lies gurl! U know better than that! (Although ur a GOP so maybe u don't)
Coward.  Traitor.
That's really unnecessary and immature. Please stop feeding into this pettiness.  We have more pressing concerns than the media.
what do we do to get you to stop tweeting you two face back stabbing traitor
You are a jerk.  Especially after his calling media enemies. If  get hurt on him!Believe any host on msnbc before you anyday. Ur ratings?.
If you think Trumps unhinged rants are a form of "strategy", you're nuts!  He's unfit.  He's a traitor.  He's a raving lunatic!  #IMPEACH
Two white men, same age(?), need new shoes, colour black.
Um you aren't very good with percentages are you dear child?
Lindsey you brown nosing simpleton MSNBC out classes you...your swimming down the toilet bowl with Trump.
he's getting his pay off with the Afghan war escalation. That's why Linds is so pro Trump suddenly. Money talks.
(yawn)
I get whiplash trying to keep up with ur positions. Seems like you're a Trump fan at the moment, even after his horrid AZ performance. Shame
Good one. Thanks for sharing.  Now let me try...   <-- is this the emoji for being disgusted with your congressional representation?
What the hell are you talking about?
#Me filling out the weekly Trump campaign survey. #DoNot engage the media.

Nope I really doubt the audience #s go down. @maddow rocks by the way 
#grabthembythepussy @GOP
When is GOP & Lyin'Paul Ryan going to tell the WHOLE truth about your tax plan & budget...cuts to middle class deductions & social programs?
lol @MSNBC is rated #1 in total viewers. More than @FoxNews....
You are losing your dignity sir
So now YOU'RE disparaging the press, too?! History will not look kindly on your poor showing as a representative of the American people
Done with you.
This us verse them approach has to stop
You Mr. Graham are part of the problem with division in America.
@maddow @MSNBC are topping the ratings. Add that to @CNN and you've got many more eyes NOT on @FoxNews
1. Trump watches @CNN at 11:00. 2. @LindseyGrahamSC is starting to sound like #45. 3. Time for both to go. @IndivisibleCHS
Abdication of oversight responsibility.
Recall and replace @LindseyGrahamSC
I thought you were getting smart and taking up for Americans , guess I was wrong your scared of him I guess .. he's not gonna save your job
I used to like you.
Hmmm, is this what you need to tell yourself to sleep at night? #fixthe GOP #ImpeachTrumpNow
Prove that you read these responses. I don't believe that you do.
You're so witty, Lindsey. So hilarious. So burnishing your legacy as someone who sold their soul. Sad.
Senator, please don't add to the disparagement of the press or target left-leaning outlets as worse. Offer constructive criticism to all.
I like you Lindsey, but stop with the smarty pants regarding MSNBC and CNN. Tell truth about Trump
Really, Lindsey, grow some balls & recognize what a buffoon trump is.  A President shouldn't have time for television.
Boy, is that ever not true.
Stop the nonsense, bring back respect to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. Or get out of the way!  You are so scared of DT, WHY?
You are funny senator. DJT in the WH is not.
Take the time, read all. He is pushing end to ocare & single payer by fairly funding states to provide healthcare. 1st wise thing he's said
How do U figure that Lindsey. You must be learning math and audience sizes by @POTUS . Sucks about Mar A Lago huh @realDonaldTrump  KARMA
Trump is the only engine keeping their show going!
Resign @LindseyGrahamSC I doubt he's watching you and I know we're not!
Enough talking. Now is the time for DOING. We have an insane person w/ the codes rn. You know it and so does the entire world. #DoSomething
Stop defending the indefensible. 45 is sick.
It's hard to miss how often you change directions.
Except Rachel MAddow was #1 in cable last week.
They have the biggest cable news audience
so you are abandoning the good and true America to support Trump's David Duke mentality and agenda?  DISAPPOINTED.
One of the best interviews I've seen lately.  Please do all these things Senator Graham
Cute.  Very cute.  But not at all accurate.
#maddow @maddow Got anything in your A-block bag of tricks for this complicit fair weather friend of Nazi sympathizers and traitors?
If he was watching MSNBC, he would be smarter than he is. He's a nut case and you can no longer hide that fact. 
#ImpeachTrump
Many Americans Died Stopping the Nazi / Fascist in WWII, Now There’s One in The Oval Office, When Will Congress Act to Remove this Fascist!
You wish... they are speaking truth. You know this ignorant clown is going down. Save yourself!!!
Lindsey, if you watch Fox and not MSNBC at 11:00 pm, you could learn from #brianwilliams.
No, their ratings will not go down. Not as long as trump is in the Washington
Sen. Graham, it would be great if you could stop Madman Trump before he destroys the country you claim to love. #DumpTrump #DoYourJob
Learn from John McCain in 2008.  The media ONLY likes you when you are attacking Republicans.  Ditch @MSNBC
Why do you keep flip flopping? Call him out one day and praise him the next!
That's not fair
What is your problem Senator with lying Fox News .  And would you please finally start to protect Americans !   Stop flip flop
And Trump replied "who are the other ten people watching?"
For a while I thought you were going to be the one strong person who would and could lead us out of this mess. Now you are as bad.
What kind of reasoning is: they did it to us... Put your country before your Party!!!
Very disappointed in Lindsey
Wow. What a disgusting interview @LindseyGrahamSC I'm glad you think the constitution is such a joke. Laugh all the way out of office
Just keep adding fuel to the FAKE NEWS fire.  You must be so proud of your ability to assist him in dividing our great country even further.
You do know that Hugh Hewitt has a show on MSNBC, don't you?  In other news: when did you become such a thoughtless tool?
Now you dont like MSNBC anymore? your followers are right, you do tend to flip flop.  I like you Lindsey, but Trump has got to go.
Somtimes I think you have profound integirty and then you play footsie with an authoritarian like Trump. You confuse me.
News flash Graham MSNBC is leading all other cable news stations in ratings
PMSNBC fake news why do republicans appear on these traitor news networks that nobody watches
Rachel Maddow has the #1 show on cable with 4 million viewers. How many made the mistake of voting for you?
Can't wait to help you retire so you can become a paid spokesman for Democrats CNN NETWORK!
Don't start busting on media, especially MSNBC. You become more like @realDonaldTrump every day. Not a compliment.
Don't look for heroics from Graham. He is GOP first: puts it before his country & before the people of SC.
You ever heard of "The Dream Team"? Well, that what we got @MSNBC @TheLastWord @maddow FUCK YEAH!
You think this madman in the WH is funny? What you RepubliKlans won't do for power is frightening.
Actually thought it was a fair interview
Trump thinks you are weak. He will primary you in a second. Grow a pair
Take some meds,your head will soon fall off with all this back snd forthing.
Now Lindsey why are you in bed with the Pres now?   The media is not the enemy. The truth is the enemy.  @realDonaldTrump
You're a disappointment now Lindsey. I'd had hope for u. But u are a fall in step kiss a** Republican too. #resist
MSNBC has some of the highest ratings.  You're jokes are right there with huckabee's.
Your interview pisses me off. Your part of the problem. Laugh all you want Senator. We will remember how you continued 3 interpret & laugh 
By normalizing Trump, but not standing up to him you @LindseyGrahamSC r giving Nazi helping hand to destroy US.Grow a pair or go home.
Also MSNBC and @CNN are taking turns LEADING the ratings. Fox trailing ALL the time. So, dumb and irresponsible tweet, Senator. Do better.
