Exactly he's a loser . Hillary broke law I want equal justice . No one should b above law
okay, great. so, uh, when're we kicking Trump out for defrauding his students? when're we gonna sue him for libelous accusations?
I don't recall Trump going to court over lying about taped conversations...
Guess this rhino thinks Hillary should never answer for her crimes . She's an elite like him. Exempt from laws !
Until then, you're yelling about a campfire while the family home is an inferno.
My man, you and I need to talk. Realtime. You have a good heart, in there, somewhere. I can sense it.

But man, you've let too much evil go.
I know you have patrons, *obligations* to those who've put you where you are today, but enough is enough. Do you hear me, Mr. Graham?
Ask yourself this question - would Obama behave this way? Bush? Clinton? Reagan?

You know the answer - ABSOLUTELY NOT.
This is not the behavior of a moral, Christian man in full control of his faculties. This is a madman spiraling out of control.
You have the power, the strength, AND THE MORAL OBLIGATION to step in and do what is right.

America needs a hero. But more importantly...
...it needs a REPUBLICAN hero. The first one to stand up for America at this crucial juncture in history will be remembered FOR ALL TIME...
...as one of it's greatest heroes.

This kind of acclaim is worth more than any campaign donation.

Throw off your chains, Senator Graham...
Speak what's in your heart.

Speak the truth.

Be free.
What do you plan to do if he does Fire the AG? No more Party over country.
nothing.  He will clutch his pearls and say that he's "deeply troubled" that the entire matter is "concerning" and then fall back in line.
I agree. Trump talks about loyalty but he has none. They need to stand hell up or get run over by Trump.
Remember when you said this Mr. Graham?  If you choose to play with a snake don't cry when you get bit.
Trump is a madman.  Please help us as a country
Yeah probably right. But we are going down with trump
Mr.Graham isn't going to change that. He talks the talk but when it comes down to brass tacks...He's just another trump flunkie
Until the GOP as a whole locates their spines & stands up to trump this wont change.
Lindsey you are a patriot and hero. Never has your country - or the world - needed you more. Who would've thought (:)) Keep on it please.
How's your taxpayer paid health insurance doing today. Me, well it's ObamaCare.
Mueller's investigation isn't politically motivated? Comey's good friend, the lawyers hired that donated to DNC/Hillary? Which side r u on?
Your president is a #LyingSackOf, and you and the @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP own every last piece of it. Stand up and fight for America!
So is your president a lying sack of ?
@realDonaldTrump Investigating Clinton is not about a rival, it's about a crook that the rest of you are too afraid of to do anything about.
Where were your protests against the political motivation used by the Obama administration?  You sleazy excuse for a
I don't always agree with you, but I respect you for this, @LindseyGrahamSC. Stay ON President Tantrumthrower! @realDonaldTrump
thank you but tweeting only does so much. Please take this attitude to Congress and stand up to this administration
Listen rhino , we don't give a damn if Hillary was a rival she broke law and should b investigated . We want same justice for all !shut up!
She was investigated by the FBI already
Yeah right Comey had no right to decide prosecution that's DOJ job. Keep mouth shut elites shouldn't b above laws !
Senator, he and his supporters believe that a rational government approach to anything is a sell out, this is one seriously deranged POTUS
Put up or shut up. Defend the Republic, not your friend.
U calling on Lindsey to defend the republic? When has he done anything?
He's corrupt Republican working for Libs agenda
LOL @ idea that he's doing anything close to liberal. What are you smoking?
Sessions should've investigate Intel leaks, Barack wiretapping,unmasking American citizens, Hillary selling Russia our uranium...
Lindsey is one of those Republicans like McCain, Ryan who is always ready to trash his fellow Republicans while doing 0 for the country
Dems cant win less they undermined our electoral sys by allowing illegals in to vote for them. Corrupt political group. Wake up.
Your worse then a Rhino..wake up. u cannot work with the lieing Dems. They are corrupt.
Where were your protests when Obama and his goons were using political motivation in prosecutorial decisions? You and your
YOU LINDSEY GRAHAM have to be either the most CORRUPT SOROS PAID RINO () &/or the most CLUELESS (),definitely the MOST INEPT & FOOLISH
Sessions is not decent but you're absolutely correct. Trump preaches lawlessness everywhere.
sleazy RINO cohorts never opened your corrupt mouths against any of the corruption of Obama and his goons. You should all
The thing is...by recusing himself...he left the door open for suspicion and doubt among the Left...and left Trump holding the bag.
We are all dismayed at this Lindsey - but you are among the few in a position to do something to stand up to this travesty. ACTION NOT WORDS
And he's treating the boy scouts like Hitler youth! Every day a new low. Where is the courage to stand up and say this has got to stop?
Why do you say the right things, but don't follow through on them?
#disappointed in you!
be tarred and feathered for dereliction of duty and aiding and abetting treason.
Trump owns you, senator. You can easily be primaried. Don't forget that.
If Sessions can't be unbiased and can't go after real political criminals, he should be fired
you are so so full of you know what
Hillary Clinton is a criminal, screw the politics.
Hillary team needs 2B investigated because destroying evidence under subpoena; mixing Foundation/State/speeches; not because she was a rival

Can I use this? Please.
Absolutely!  I got permission to pass along.
Thanks!! #Resistance
Politics does not forgive people that break laws. Laws come first which you should either uphold as a part of your oath or resign.
Obviously Graham was not paying attention when Former FBI Director told the world about the crimes of his political rival. It is a shame...
if we learned HRC sold 20% of US uranium to the Russians in return for donations to the Clinton foundation,Move along nothing to see here?
The view Americans want to see of @HillaryClinton   All the Clintons and their goons. Including @johnpodesta
Thank you sir for defending AG Sessions. Our president is a coward and a bully on this.
Will you be our Howard Baker? Because we need him.
Regardless of Party, reliant upon you all, protect us & country from ANYONE enacting political motivation. Be prepared & ready to act.
You also voted yes to just repeal the law with no replacement .  Please explain.
I agree with you President Trump should leave Session alone & get on with the job of representing the people
When will you put #CountryBeforeParty ?
Yada yada yada. So tired of you finger-wagging at Trump while enabling him 100%. You are now linked with him in history. You own him.
GOP wake the fuck up... This is dictator level stuff!
Do something Senator. Action please
Of course he's a decent man. That's exactly why he's attacked by
@POTUS. Trump's attacks is proof positive of his Sessions decency
Correction-"are" proof positive...& strikethrough "his"
@FunkyTeeZ @realDonaldTrump Trump became POTUS for ONE reason: self-service. Wielding power carelessly is just a perq.
So, it sounds like there ought to be a law for politicians,  and another law for us common people.  Does that really make sense to you?
I think I like u you have been the only one making sense when u speak
Sen. Graham, why do you and congress expect an insane man to act sane?  For the sake of our country, please force a medical assessment of DT
Now what will you DO about this madman who is holding our nation hostage to his whims? Tired of statements and inaction by a weak @GOP.
lip service!
IMPEACH
Sessions is a totally ineffective AG. He reclused himself from Hillary & Russia investigations, not investigating WH leaks. Totally useless!
Heart bleeds on your comment, then tell him to get his ass to do what America wants done, you have opinions so  get the Dems off our Pres!
We have doubted him..a lot. Remember his lies about Russia?
Jews recruite closet c*ck s*cing fags to betray there own people.
Can you ask AG if he has the authority to charge POTUS with Obstruction of Democracy?  Thanks the majority of Americans
HE LIED TO CONGRESS UNDER OATH SEVERAL TIMES.  Now I question YOUR integrity.
You have a lot of nerve talking about what is appropriate Mr. Graham being you have taken money from a Soros Fund management employee
Ooooh boy! "Highly inappropriate" AND a designed quote on Twitter! Now if only there were something more you could do . . . #impeach
BARF HOGWASH
We are a nation of political will not law.  Sure we have laws.  But the real driving force is political will.
by all means, protect that two tier justice system.
Can you please shut up; just for once. Annoying little nat!
Did yiu even read your msg? I dont kbow Sessions and I yoo agree he seems like a descent man. However, he does need to proceed w/ investigat
Into Hillary emails and Foundation. Not because she was an opponent of Trumps. Because its the law and she is not above it. She destroyed
phones, computers, lies. If yoy have nothing to hide, u turn these things over 2 prove ur innocence. She is a citizen recvg special trtment
So do the right thing. Show some respect to our POTUS and shut your mouth and do the job you were voted to do. Show support for the man who
Put the Rep back in control. Just know one thing,  you're nothing without him. We choose him, not you or @SenJohnMcCain
So you're basically saying that HRC is above the Law???

You're part of the problem, Voters hear you loud and clear!

Very Weak of you....
He's also a racist.
Yet you are all behind Trump.
Really, then why are you so hell bent on kissing Trumps ring every chance you get.
Political opponent? You protect fmr sec of state Clinton? #Benghazi, uranium one deal? The emails, server, etc? This is good for SC TO KNOW.
South Carolina going to take you out! You don't deserve to represent this great State
It's a new fast paced world - Trump has a narrow window, Dems kick your butt on narrative - senators need to keep pace and work @ trump pace
Thank you for this 1 thing. As independent, Christian voter I'm horrified daily by WH/GOP. They fail to ask WWJD? & fail me/US. I will fight
Except that everyone including @JamesComeyFBI KNOW/KNEW she was/is guilty, & prior 2 election, still gave her an undeserved pass.
Thanks, Senator. Work with your colleagues and hold a check on the madman in WH!
He's actually a racist bigot!
He's also getting lobby money to put nonviolent offenders in prison & going after legal weed but, yeah, swell guy. #Sessions harms families
California democrat that has a high opinion of your character.  I don't always agree with you, but I admire your dedication to principles.
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
Trump should stop his attack on the AG, who helped him get elected.  If Trump is not happy with Sessions direction - pick up and call the AG
You always have shown poor judgement, Lindsay.

@jca10c9 Dear Senator appreciate your sentiment but you helped support the Trump candidacy.
It's not a matter of decency! America needs an AG who will hold Hillary & company accountable for their crimes! Tell AG Sessions to do it!
If you really cared, you'd have voted NO today. I continue to convince people to watch what you do, not what you say, cuz it's all lies.
Please separate us from your President. He is unstable.
I look forward to you saying it's inappropriate until the moment the President does it and you, bravely, fall silent.
It's nice to proclaim the defense of decency, civility & a man's honor but this American Republic needs your help defending it too. #Trump
All talk and no action. STOP TRUMP!
Thank you....this is what a true and honest person should say.
Trump is destroying America every day he remains in office. If you truly believe Trump's attacks on Sessions are real please do something.
@CNN @MSNBC What will you do if trump further obstructs the #trumpRussia  investigation by firing Mueller?
Nothing
Instead Sessions' deputy enabled a witch hunt by a Special Counsel enabled by a fake partisan dossier on a non-existent Russia connection.
jeff sessions serves at the pleasure of the president if Pres Trump wants him to look into hillarys felonies he had better do it
Then why don't you convince your House Republicans and even Grassley to go after the guy with full guns blazing! Impeach him for his crimes
Hillary broke the law as Secretary of State by setting up a private email server which contained NATSEC info. Should have been prosecuted.
So just because she is a political opponent we should Ignore all the laws she broke?That sounds like 2 tiered justice system 2 me. #wrong
Then fucking do something about it!!! #countrybeforeparty #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #Traitor #TrumpIsALiar #TrumpCrimeFamily
That's right, @LindseyGrahamSC! Only Y'ALL can eff with Hilary for political purposes.
Then please please please do something about it!!!
Thanks Sen. Graham for speaking truth re Trump. As you said, senators stay; prez come & go. Trump is more corrupt than A Jackson & Harding.
The question is what are you going to do about a possible recess appt if Trump fires him?
Bravo Senator! Thank you. Sen. McCain is right..your Senate is POTUS's "equal". Please stand before him and STAND HIM DOWN!
Yeah great Lindsey. It's the American people you should be defending against the heinous scum-swell that is your entire party.
45 is the leader of ur party. Your party is letting him get away with whatever he wants and will continue to do so unless ur party stops it
But you're still sucking up to @realDonaldTrump. Grow a set and rein in this madman.
Blah blah blah, empty words, "what can I get you Donnie?" 
You choose party over people, Every. Single. Time. 
Prove me wrong. Please.
Too little, too late
Pretty sure Sessions thinks the US is a nation of white ppl plus some other ppl he's hoping to put in jail soon.
Nice words Sen, but how about some action. Could you stand behind words and stand up to Trump. So far you've done ZERO. Tired of your words.
Oh, but it's ok to talk about impeaching the sitting president w/o any facts? Go get'em all @POTUS
As you once commented back in 2016 - @realDonaldTrump will be the death of what was once known as the Republican Party. #Resist
Senator, you know POTUS is unfit for office and a danger to our country. It's past time for Congress to act on it. Duty, honor, country.
You have an interesting definition of "decent."
Meaningless words without action. #25thAmendmentNow
How about just fix the broken parts and STOP calling it Obama Care! It's called The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
He + YOU r treacherous, traitorous SNAKES who r destroying this great nation. You'll both be listed in history books as enablers of treason.
EXACTLY! So dont play favorites and let's open an investigation.  Bc we all know there would've been one if she was Pres.  Dnt turn blnd eye
ARE YOU JOKING.....   I HOPE U R.....
U&Jeff  R different era. Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch & Obama used the office and now special Counsel as a most effective political tool.
You do realize @HillaryClinton was a criminal long before she was a political opponent don't you? What is with you swamp creatures? #RINO
He should have remembered that 6 months ago
Party over country. Shameful.
Why would that be wrong she and her team broke the law and should be held accountable... just as all the people who leak info are
Senator Graham, you are correct.  Please don't stop putting country before party.  We need your courage to speak the truth.
Did you vote to take my healthcare away? Shame on you. Shame on you!!!
Most of Trumps people are corrupt. Sessions is one of them. He is unfit for his position like all the rest. DeVos is the worst. All loony.
Lindsey, can't even bring myself to call you senator anymore. When the rubber hits the road you capitulate & put party before America?
Why?
Average Americans who are accountable to follow the law are frustrated that just because some are politicians,the law does not apply to them
AG Sessions is either weak or corrupt given the corruptions in America!
@realDonaldTrump   Read and learn.
@SenJohnMcCain 
Wish my grandkids could have grown up in an America where Republicans were real men, God and Country first.
Godspeed McCain
I hope you stand and don't waffle on this one.
And yet, you do nothing. My respect for you has waned.
Racistpublicans endorse racist Sessions .
Why? because they get on agenda is their party over the interest of the nation
@SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC 
I can hear "Nearer My God to Thee" playing in the background. Which one of you guys are leading??
You put out pretty pictures but it's all BS unless of do something.  It starts with one person.  Try it.  Trump is a danger to himself & us!
OK, big shot.  Actually stand up to him on a vote, for once. Words are meaningless otherwise
Sir, u need to speak to POTUS & please tell him to stop attacking his own people. It just hurts the GOP.
HRC IS A CRIMINAL! Lock her up!!!!!!
So, is that a YES for #ImpeachTrump ?
Amen
"Political rival"?! She's a criminal! Her and her serial rapist husband are criminals! I live in SC and look forward to voting you OUT!
You chose party over country today
Oh dear. Talk. Talk. "Full of Sound and Fury, signifying nothing."
Senator then stop him instead of stripping health insurance from the working poor, elderly and the sick
Little less talk and alot more action #Senator
YOU DID NOTHING FOR 8 YEARS OF OBAMA'S TREASON & NOW YAP ABOUT APPLYING FACTS TO THE LAW W/OUT POLITICAL MOTIVATION....REALLY?!?!?!
Ok, now what? Will you do the right thing and stop this insanity? Haven't you spent enough time saying @POTUS is inappropriate?
We have a highly unqualified President who keeps embarrassing this country. Do something about it. The country will rally behind you.
Look at what exactly is happening to our president....im sure obama spying on him wasnt politically motivated but for meh russia. Go fuck ys
you voted to send me to an early grave today. thanks!!!
All talk. No action, Lindsay. As usual. Like whisper in the wind.
how on earth a capable bunch like the Palmetto votes for this whimp I don't know--Sessions wasn't going to get a Democrat vote anyway-
I'm sure when he fires Sessions, you will express "concern" and you will be "disturbed" and then you'll go back to screwing the rest of us.
We are SO tired of your hypocritial anti-Trump horsecrap. When u going 2 support him? Are your puppet strings being pulled by Soros? WAKEUP!
So do something about it, Senator. This charade of hand-wringing, then voting for everything he wants is a tiresome embarrassment.
What will you do to hold him accountable for this behavior? A statement means nothing.
What is WRONG with you? Inappropriate?YOU are inappropriate. How much more evidence do you need to investigate HRC?Why aren't U pushing it?
Kudos to you for standing by and trying to salvage American Tradition. Please continue to speak Truth To Power. From one American to another
Never thought I would see the day where Jeff Sessions comes out looking like the victim.
Trump is clearly unfit for office. Do something.
#DoYourJob #ImpeachTrump or #25thAmendmentNow #CountryOverParty
So act. Censure and then impeach.
I dont think they will many GOP are happy Trump is in...hes an idiot who will sign anything they put in front of him
Sessions - Not a great fan of property rights or due process as outlined in our Constitution, but other than that a great guy.
If Sessions is one of the most decent people you have ever met than the U.S. is in big trouble. That's bat s**t crazy!
Long standing tradition? Don't you know that is meaningless in the days of Trump? When will you all in the @GOP find your spines?!
"Without hint of political motivation"? How naive do you think we are? Why haven't you damanded the same standards w/ the Mueller appt?
There is enough evidence to support an investigation into the entire Obama presidency,Hillary,Rice,Lynch,Podesta,Comey, and Obama Iran scam
Kudos!
NO one disputes Sessions is a great guy...BUT Trump has NO CONTROL over his own Justice Dept and Sessions is useless to him in Russian BS!
Except when he's lying under oath and committing treason.
Square this up with supporting Asset Forfeiture, Senator.
You need to take a hard look at the Clinton foundation and the Russian campaign funds that were given to Bill Clinton
Lindsey, I like you a lot. Sessions may be a good guy, but his way of being the AG is archaic. He needs to go.
If you really had any respect for Sessions you would let him speak for himself! Hillary is a criminal, Obama admin covered her crimes!
Also when trump fires him you will do nothing #coward
