I support President @realDonaldTrump statements he will not allow North Korea to develop a missile which can hit the American homeland.
President @realDonaldTrump has rightfully rejected the policy of containment.
Many analysts speculate as to whether Kim Jong Un would use nuclear weapons against the United States.
I choose to focus on what Kim Jong Un CAN DO.......not what he may or may not do.
Kim Jong Un is a dangerous, ruthless man, who has the blood of thousands on his hands.
It is NOT in our national security interests to allow Kim Jong Un to continue developing missiles and more powerful nuclear weapons.
With each passing day Kim Jong Un gets closer to having the  capacity to hit the US with an ICBM and a nuclear weapon.
I hope diplomacy can solve the North Korean problem....but right now it's failing miserably.
President @realdonaldTrump is right to keep all options -- including the military option -- on the table to deal with this serious threat.
You are so smart.  Please retire.
So what do you want to do? Complaining and blind belief isn't the answer. Don't use problems to just hear yourself talk.
Ah, bummer. Looks like you psychopaths are gonna have kill some more!
Watch out! You know he'll blame Congress!
I don't think China has any real influence at all. Shut off trade n North Korea collapses. Anarchy n China hates anarchy
Yep. So maybe the US being less threatening might work?  If you were N. Korea you'd feel threatened too surrounded by a super powers' assets
I would agree, but is the military option the only one on table? Are we willing to sacrifice Seoul just to teach them a lesson?
Or maybe Kim Jung-un doesn't want the world to think he'll cave under pressure from China-wants to look all grown up
#Sanctions aren't working because they ARE NOT being enforced. New restrictions, trade wars with allies are not going to stop #NorthKorea
It's clear to me this administration is not working, and whatever little influence you have is not being successfully used.
And #ItsClearToMe that the rest of the world has zero trust in the trump administration as do a majority of Americans
You're in a far left wing trance doing a walking sleep. Lulled by the MSM half truths controlled by elites to keep constituents hypnotized.
If only-
The Republicans are the example of a group not working and probably won't be working after 2018. Regards from a mad Republican.
Did you just come in the back door? Trumps been saying this, you're a tool! @SpayMsm @FluffyDogAttack @christy_mcafee
It's got a girl's name so it should just shut up
I'm such a BEOCH I embrace it
You can go away anytime now hopefully sooner then later
Wow... you sure are smart! So happy to have your fine tuned brain to figure this out for us all! #uselessSenator
Get something done chicken neck
Kill them with kindness

Drop food not bombs

Inundate NK with chips, twinkies,
I'd like to see you leading the Marines on shore and at the helm of the Pueblo on its return post the big win Lindsey. Like #fullmetaljacket
So goodness Lindsey tell us exactly what should be done rather than speaking in circles you can pedal out of later.
I would like to personally thank you for finally agreeing with our President on something
And your solution is what?
No bombs!  Too many will die.
Sounds like somebody ran one of Trump's tweets through a decency translator. Still his mouthpiece, huh?
Show me how you will fund this new war....china holds the note for the other two wars you advocated for.  You're leveraging USA for war
Well duh....keep kickin the can down the road Lindsey and maybe the cucka won't stick to you!
Wake up man. You're supposed to be a maverick like your pal. All I see is a kiss ass and a person that puts party first not  the people
You like war more than anything else, don't you Lindsey. It's way better than admitting Trump is a mentally unstable criminal.
So what is the next step if diplomacy and sanctions are not working thus far?
It is clear to 66% of the country ,you and your colleagues are going to have to do something about trump-He is totally incompetent
@realDonaldTrump is wining war against North.K on tweeter.the man who fight,govern & give his policies trough tweeter.what an embarrassment
everybody know the diagnostic,what is your solution?
Has the cucked been forced to pivot? Lindsey Lindsey Lindsey
And what's next?  More tweeting like the President with no plan?
Sanctions? What happened with inflicting 'fire and fury'?
#Trump
Wow ur Mr obvious!  So what r u planning to do?
At no point should US take ult denuke off the table, but it is nec first...to stabilize what is a dangerous dynamic. 
U r pathetic.. grateful I can vote u out..
Lindsey Graham!  You and Congress need to get behind our President. You can be voted out
What R U suggesting USA shud do
Instead of saying the same shitty argument have you ever stopped and asked why China isn't doing anything? What's the real reason ?
Wow, some statement!  Do you have a plan?  Thought not
Wow... You're a quick one ain't ya!? Good 'ole Graham with the thoughtful analysis, hoooo doggy look out! Here come Sen. Graham!
No kidding.  What do you suggest?  How bout you listen to @POTUS
It's clear NK is taunting Trump knowing he's an incompetent boob. Low popularity. Lots of unrest. Perfect taunting opportunity.
Time then to incinerate millions of Asains as part of US Exceptionalism.
That's an obvious statement.  What is the answer?
It's clear to me that this would NOT have happened if Hillary was POTUS!!!
Just shut up. What are you trying to do here exactly. I question your allegiance.
So you'll fight? You'll go? Good for you! #notagain #VeteransResist
Really ya don't say 
Your move...what say you Senator?
U sounds like that orange pustule u call president. Lindsey, u in trouble gurl!
Genius
Sanctions do nothing. It just gives  N. Korea more time to develop weapons, come on get real people! Deplorables know that!
So you would want WAR?
Sir, did you read China's not so veiled threat? They will not allow war on the Korean Peninsula-It will be worse than 1950s
Pls advise your strategy Senator
Good to know that it is finally getting clear to you
Lindsey, you are a weak, rudderless closet liberal. Your opinion does not matter. You are an embarrassment to your state and country.
That's fine Senator but what exactly are you suggesting? Send our sons and daughters into harms way? How about you and The Donald suit up
grab your AK and go shoot first. Let's see how well that works! You are complicit and ingnorant if you continue to follow this blowhard.
Your support has helped 45 isolate the United States without goodwill from our allies. Call 45 out and get rid of him.
This has been clear for years. So what now? More words? Maybe another tweet storm from Trump?
You are Sick Graham Really Distrubed
You are Sick Graham
Retire Graham! Trump has Your Number
Your as Sick as Trump! Guns for Butter Kill the Disadvantage - Poor -Black-Hispanic-Send Our Young You are Sick
You meant you support your boss Trump again? Your boss's absurd tough talk made this situation grave. How does make America great again?
So, what are YOU proposing Senator? Help!
what ever happened to all that star wars/ sdi research and development $$$ God Bless John Kelly GodBlessAmerica
Sir , pls stand with South Carolina's 6,000 DREAMers and #DefendDACA. Ending the program would cost SC $252 million in annual GDP.
It's too bad China couldn't just take Un out.
Mr. Graham, I think China has really tried to control No. Korea but since No. Korea has had success they don't listen to anyone.
Any ship that lands in NK port that nations flag vessels are blocked from US ports.
Why not set policy on transport? Any aircraft lands in NK, that nations aircrafts are permanently blocked from US ?
Same question to you what would you do?
Shoot down his missiles going over Japan. Then ignore him.
Do you think that N Korea has been emboldened because of people like you and McCain not supporting Trump 100%. You two losing whiners, stop!
Well finally
An understatement; you may agree. Set aside discussing milops &executive performance, what elements would a serving AFCol. put in elev spch?
Should we go to war in the far east as well? Remember who are president is
What alternatives do you support?
Senator -- China has used #DPRK as their junkyard dog to destabilize the region for years to their benefit. They are not motivated to help.
So now what do YOU think we should do?I don't trust President but I do trust you.
Wow u r getting smart
And your solution?
Thank you.  It's been clear to all of us for sometime. We need a coalition on that border ready to go.  The egg roll only understands force
Maybe North Korea is sick of being pushed around by people that have nuclear arsenals. Maybe they want respect. All you want is more war!
STOP PROMOTING ANOTHER WAR YOU MANIAC!!!!
WAR WAR WAR & MORE WAR. If there is ONE REPUBLICAN that isn't about making a buck selling chaos, step up! "WE the People" want PEACE.
It's clear that deterrence works.
Nor is the battle of hyperbole. Diplomacy must raise above rhetoric and foolish pride.
By the way, I live in your state and I vote!
Nothing has ever worked?
Sorry Lindsey, you and the GOP have no credibility here. Next.
So what are you going to DO to prevent our children from being blasted out of existence?
Then I guess you better prepare to declare war...
So, what do you think has changed over the past year to make this conflict so hit right now?
Welcome to the party, Captain Obvious....AND.....your suggestion would be to do what??
Please sponsor bill specifically worded such that Congressional approval must first be obtained before any US troops can be used against NK
One problem is that tweeting threats is NO way to deal with NK & continues to show zero leadership
#SouthKorea ready, #Paris is there. #Germany will help, #Britain. And America, all dialogue is done, #extortion 25 years #buffoonery impeach
It is clear that talk like this is supporting another war. What does the GOP & this trump always think war is the answer? GOP = death
Sad
Can you please deal with Reality
It is very clear that @realDonaldTrump is also not working. Fix it first.
Well everyone knows sanctions don't hurt the leaders it hurts the people.  It certainly isn't a reason to send our men and women to die
So, you want to blow up the world ? Your president would rather kill us all then go down in Russia scandal. You are enabling him .
learn from Russia & China, they watch and stay quiet.  The Bully approach does not work, focus on what matters our People!
Please stop war mongering...there are real peoples lives at stake here.  This is inexcusable
All the talk about North Korea is a distraction, focus on stopping TRUMP racist agenda and pass legislation 2 protect DACA!
Agree that the WEAK sanctions aren't working. Now is the  time for high level face to face meetings. War is not the answer.
It's clear to me that someone in Washington needs to get control over .@realDonaldTrump Twitter account #NorthKoreaNukes
correct. I typed to you last week it's time to make the case to Congress and go for it.
He has them,  attention and treats are not needed,  do you really think he will attack US? it is none sense  Learn 2 ignore
Clear to many. Not so clear is response.
You are a fool to think a war with Trump at the helm will end well for He's demented. Concentrate  on removing that disaster from WH.
It's clear the military industrial complex has technology's that can take out North Korea without any bombs!Please how stupid do u think weR
So what's your plan Senator? Please be specific.
there is things china/russia wants,but r we willing 2 work with them
Well, what's your plan to change the situation. Faith without works is dead.
What's your point?
but no matter what Trump does the media will say it was wrong
Lindsey....why...is trump still in the White House ?
Back from your taxpayers paid vacation in Italy? Get you anti-Trump rhetoric going
@lindanye6615 and.....
Chinese Missiles&Launchers,Russian Engines&Tech. We are up against Russia/China,We need to CutOff all TradeNow.Stupid of Congress Not to.
Sir what's the end game now?
That's common sense! What's YOUR plan @LindseyGrahamSC?!!
Kick can down NK road game 25 years now at perfecting Nukes & ICBM's to hit USA or sell anyone, can't wait till can kicks back!
and......?
Sanctions will not work on any of the countries and not when they are near other countries. North Korea is resourceful.
And yet military options would be devastating to the entire world.
Literally EVERYBODY on earth knows sanctions aren't working w/ North Korea.News Alert: Sen Obvious Graham has clarity on NK & China. Oy
so let's do war on both of them, right?
And ... ???  So ... ???
What is clear is that you profit from war.
I see threatening with those huge words all the best words is really working great.
How about offering NK an economic deal so they can abandon their suicidal nuclear program with UN verification?
Plasmatic is new word describing N. Korean's future foot print. No Inhabitants
except Apes. Hollywood gets it right again.
Woo hoo, let's start wwiii, what fun that will be!
Go through the United Nations for the sanctions
Congress: feel free to do something.
So what are you suggesting war loving idiot?  You want to go to war...YOU FIRST!!
So what exactly are you saying? Seems like you are laying groundwork for aggressive US military action & I want to sell my stock & move !
So let's go military and in the process wipe out 10 million inhabitants of Seoul?
Well, it's certainly not helping with @realDonaldTrump strutting around making bombastic, threatening statements. What an idiot!
And Trump selling weapons to Taiwan pissed off the Chinese, losing their support. @POTUS doesn't see the whole chess board.
Don't show our hand at least have a fist ready. Understand if we wait for his first move more will die. He will use nukes doubt we will.
Never a war @LindseyGrahamSC won't monger for.
It's clear the buffoon in the Oval Office is unhinged and @GOP is complicit - I've left the @GOP as it has lost its moral compass
Your answer is....... blow up the whole world, great, your in need of counseling bud
Tell 45.
So gee why don't we just nuke 'em! Amirite!
No kidding ? And how much do you make to give us this knowledge?
DO NOT get us into another war!!
Trump can't successfully negotiate this threat. He can't be trusted to handle the complexities and nuance, and certainly not militarily.
So your recommendation is what?
And your answer is? I see a lot of talk - not one viable solution. Trump is as BSC as Kim J un the world knows it. Do something.
Lindsey.. either way there's going to be death. Better there than here. bombs away
China has no influence
It's not working because Russia is fueling the problem in an effort to help Trumo stay in power to say "See only I can fix it " such crap
Did this all of a sudden come to you or something? 

We're you in a coma?
Brilliant use of 140 characters. Solution?
Perhaps real diplomacy not tweeting threats could be an option? Oh wait, we don't have a SK diplomatic position filled  yet. #GOPDilema
When you see a Rattlesnake poised to strike, you do not wait until he has struck before you crush him.
Lindsey, I never thought i'd have to tell you this...but stop putting lipstick on a !
So do you have any suggestions other than another war?
Dad sick 91 months, 14 days.  Died 127 days, 14 days after 9-11-01.  
Sarah 91 when Isaac born, died 127.  Isaac born when Ishmael 14.
Agreee Senator so what do you suggest ?
So I assume you will be heading to your local recruiting center to join up then?
What do you think it means. I have a good idea.
What are you suggesting?
Ok
So what the solution? Military action will only bring death to millions of our friends.  No good andwers.
War is not an option PERIOD
