The allies and eu  got the Ukraine thing started with a gas deal . Now allies are trading with Russia ,,including China ,,India ,Mexico etc.
True check out German government website
Did you she Germany's website, merkial met with Putin discussed minisk and trade deals , according to Germany China is largest trading
Please Mr. Graham, Don't let Trump sweep the Russia investigation under the rug by firing Comey. He is hiding something.
The Weiner questions proved you're not concerned with #TrumpRussia, but rather save the R brand. Surprised you didn't mention Benghazi
Comey needs to be replaced.
I am appealing to you as a citizen, please do your best to be on the right side of history & use your position wisely for the sake of the US
Regardless of policy positions keep us all in mind. I promise you OUR livelihood as a country depends on it
Liberal here, with a renewed respect for a certain US senator. Your performance today sir, was nothing less than BADASS! Thank you, sir!
Be careful, I have felt same in recent weeks only to be disappointed  by his lack of constancy  w/45
I shall heed. Thank you.
wawa...so, Graham tried to get Rice to testify over Democratic objections. Mention Rice, strong, black woman
Please stop trying to defend a president who does not deserve the title. You risk losing the respect of your supporters.
I watched. How do u think it went?
All sanctions do is hurt our economy , yet nobody passing legislation against China
Take his johnson out of your mouth first
Watched. Move forward with #TrumpRussia issue.
You want to push Russia more with sanctions,,they don't work because others are trading with Russia, China and the allies
TIme to focus on Trump/Russia collusion. This is the reason for the entire investigation.  
Please do not pivot to e-mails. #DoYourJob
U are a part of rusdian coverup. Do u honestly believe u cant be voted out of office. I love america. U cover for trump and russia
Partner and Germany is the second . So we send troops to protect yet,have the nerve to discuss trade deals,I forgot turkey trade with Russia
Your tap dancing and weak deflection with Comey was embarassing. Now you're trying to say the Russian hack wasn't real. Disgusting
Disappointed in your push back/diversion today. Seek the truth regarding Russian connection.
Right now Putin is in the Drivers seat, he got away with tilting the scale in Trumps favor.  Message to US politicians, don't cross Putin
I hope you get voted out!!! I also hope you never get another job & have to depend on #welfare & #ACA to take care of your sorry ass!!
Are you seriously going to let your legacy in the Senate be to help the Republican party throw smokescreens for Donald Effing Trump?
And you seemed to be on Trymp's side the whole time! Ignoring what his campaigne seemed to do wrong! How about Hilary's emails. Lost respect
Shame on you! Trying to divert investigation by trying to discredit dossier. Many parts verified. Why are trying to obstruct investigation?
Outside investigation with Trump & Russia.  Do your job ! .@MarkAmodeiNV2
You turn out to be a traitor and I'm gonna be pissed, Senator.
you need to get serious about #Trumprussia investigation. Quit trying to muddy the waters. Everything points collusion!
Gonna ask him if he's having a nice day and if he would like to let Obamacare fail so that you can take credit for the replacement?
So our question is: are you supporting a non guarantee of pre existing conditions? Are we more important than DT??????
we watched. Focus should be on traitor trump's collusion with Russia.
PASS
Why is it that Dem Senators seem to be asking how they can make it easier for their party to influence future elections?
About trumps Russian COLLUSION or FBI leaks? You're a republican so my guess is leaks, collusion w foreign adversary doesn't matter. SAD!
- were agents told to keep quiet about Tarmac meeting ?
Go ahead waste everyone's time question  liar/trader comey make sure & bring up Honest Hillary not trader/liar trump who insulted you & US.
U will not
My question: How could @fbi director be willing to allow someone who covered up Benghazi murder of ambassador in White House? Law/order?
Knowing he wouldn't answer, you were at least able to set up for next week. Susan Rice needs to be asked a few questions.
ASK WHY HE DIDN'T GO AFTER TRUMPS TIES TO RUSSIA WITH THE SAME VENGEANCE AS HE DID WITH CLINTON'S NONE EVENT EMAILS!
Ask him if he is investigating Obama interference in Israel elections using our tax dollars
Graham; don't go away mad, just go away...there is no place or time when a RINO is ever needed.
You have no concept about what you speak. You must be one of those morons who keeps voting to keep him in office. He is the same as Boehner
Then maybe you shouldn't be tweeting ! Eh?
You were great!
Listening to,  ty.  Now IMPEACH/REMOVE.
He asked a bunch of questions he knew Comey can't answer & didn't let him respond. Obviously just trying to get soundbites. No Russia qs.
- Weiner & Uma laptop had Classified emails that puts USA & people at risk - HRC provided those emails - Prosecute Her Now
- HRC signed state dept agreement when she took that office to hold info secure why did she pass info ?
- where FBI agents told to keep TARMAC meeting secret ?
#shameful Do you not care about anything other than who leaked the info? What about treason? #countryoverparty
Great & fair questions! Thank you!
One last question: how long will you allow a possible traitor in White House destroy and rewrite American policies?
My hope was that @SenJohnMcCain and you would really go after Russia/Trump. What happened? Why are you suddenly protecting Russia?
Questions were on point. Proud of my senator for always going after the facts.
But you won't really do anything because you like a GOP majority even if it means you know...Trump
Great job!
I'm sure you'll only ask about the leaks.
"I hates this budgit, it don't screw my constitchents 'nough. Pee Party even-less-healtncare plan don't screw 'em 'nough either!"
I have criticized you many times when you spoke against Pres. Trump. Today I see you on hearing. Good job sir.
I'm a Dem. thanks for those questions to Comey. Fair. Thoughtful. Never thought I'd agree with you on anything. ;-)
Key questions in rapid fire! Very enlightening!
You ROCKED!! Thank you for asking the hard questions!!
You want a law to prevent some people from having access to classified info? So, start with Ivanka Jared &Rump sons! You are a hypocrite
Next McCain's GF statement: "Rice guilty of CRIME of doing job Dubya okayed, Flynn treason Obama's fault, Jackson would've stopped war."
Great great questions to FBI.  Thanks Lindsey.
You should probably shut up for a moment and let him answer your questions then.
Finally someone who wants to get to the bottom of this. Great job
Fair questions. Impartial.
Do we have any concrete evidence that the Russians r behind anything? I wood love to see.They seem to be pretty sure of themselves. ????
This was an INFLUENCE campaign, Senator. Of course you know that. Protecting vote tally argument does not fool Americans. #falsequestioning
Pls give ppl a chance to talk. Uhv good questions but I also want decent, honest answers. Don't rush them
You sir need to act as a patriot and aggressively investigate Russia's attack on our country. Changing voter records changes the vote.
Funny you are concerned that Weiner had access to classified info, but NOT worried that Ivanka, Jared & Rump sons Uday & Qusay have access ?
Still want to go down the rabbit hole that TRUTH buried Devi Nunes & your Toad protégé Gowdy. You "bombs bursting=presidential" midget FRAUD
Maybe you should let the man answer? Wiener emails forwarded to computer. Maybe the answer is he was SET UP BY SOMEONE ELSE?
Your questions follow @GOP doctrine to protect party not country. Shameful, Sir. I look forward to your constituents voting you out.
pls focus on trump not on Clinton, she is not the president and she did not invite a foreign country to hack American citizens
You better not be wishy-washy/talk out of both sides of your mouth...Your on camera, support truth and honesty and make those pay who lied.
Country before Party.  plz don't be #vichyrepublican
Good job  Dont let up
Ask him if he's seen Trump's taxes.
Ask him if he is looking into Clinton foundation
Those records are open. Unlike Trump's taxes.
The few the scum bag will answer!
we really believe your a traitor along with McCain
With you involved not saying much
Mr. Graham, Comey said classified info was sent to Weiner and that is a crime.  Why wasn't someone charged.  That is more than careless!
Because the real issue is how it got on Weiner's computer. It could have been planted via hack.
Oh really?   Delusional.
How about you do something about the Madman in the WH who is obviously unfit for office? No witty quips needed, just action.
Why do you think Clinton didn't do the WH?  Wise up.  Elections have consequences.  Said obama
Will you ask real questions about Russia?
Ha
You've gone silent on the Putin Russian collusion Senator. Looks like all you care about is power like all GOP. I thought you were a patriot
Why isn't Sessions being indicted on perjury charges for lying before committee?
After that, how about lining up the first family for some Q&A
Looking forward to hearing what you've got, sir.  @GOP has thus far focused their time on Clinton and not #trumprussia. Lame.
Disappointed that Lindsey is too. Get over Hillary you won and Trump administration is accused of much worse.
Good now ask him when we are able to see huma/weiners files
Yes I am watching. Hope you ask some real questions
I'm happy with his 5 minutes. I think if he'd had more time, he'd have put the screws to Comey.
Please represent American interests during your line of questioning, not Republican interests.
Yeah...I'll believe it when I see it. He puts party before country every single time.
Be sure not to mention Russia
Ha!
Don't be soft
Well done, sir. Now get your colleagues to pull their heads from assess and get to governing!
