a President under the cloud of a counterintelligence investigation should make no permanent appointments
it's a shame that in your attempt at eloquence that you made no mention of Garland's STOLEN nomination.
Legit question you want us to consider SCOTUS when @TGowdySC is more focused on "leaking" when collusion is on the table?
Why should they after what y'all did to Obama's SCOTUS pick?
why you are not asking GOP that Merrick was not given a chance to vote Hippocrates GOP
They should block you the way the GOP did with Garland. Especially until @realDonaldTrump is investigated.
@doedeer1664 wasn't trumps to pick Obama was to pick you all robbed him of it,
While our so-called @POTUS is on the verge of #impeachment ? I think not #NotOnOurWatch
W/a President @FBI is probing, 
how does it make sense to appt #Gorsuch who may have to rule on subpoena?
#CountryOverParty
NO! Gorsuch is anti-woman. You want women to be beholden to men for everything? We work, we pay taxes, we vote. Forget it.
Senator, no thank you. Give Merrick Garland a hearing, he deserved one & you know it. We will remember what GOP has done!
Link him to Garland who is qualified. That's the fair path forward.
Like the way you voted for qualified nominee Merrick Garland? Yeah no.
You lost the right to ask them ANYTHING after the dereliction of duty with Merrick Garland @LindseyGrahamSC. Plus, #Russiagate. #sinkingship
you have lost all my respect
Ask that goofball Sen. McConnell
looking ... nope.
ass
After the way GOP treated Garland ? Ha, Ha, Ha. Get real.
Checking nexis for @LindseyGrahamSC's appeals for Republicans to vote for 'qualified' Garland ... looking, looking,
watching you now on CNN & you make so much sense, then you tweet stuff like this & I wonder what the hell you're thinking
Don't, just don't. No seat on SCOTUS until a full investigation of #Trumprussia...even YOU have to agree something's fishy!
Wasn't Merrill Garland qualified? Why didn't you take a vote on him?
I have no doubt he is qualified.  But so is Merrick Garland. He also deserved a fair hearing and a vote.
let the hearing happen, more respect than you gave Garland.
Hold the self righteous lecturing.
Judge Garland was qualified...very qualified...
time to retire
Yes and I heard his slur against the President! He's a real phony and ALWAYS has been!!!!
#Graham2020
Since #StolenSeat from @POTUS44 & #Trumprussia under investigtn hehas NO right 2 choose #SCOTUS
You voted for Devos!
What you're willfully missing here is we Dems don't think trump's legitimate therefore he has no right to nominate a SCOTUS
PLEASE do something about the pathological prezedent. He is ruining our country!!!
nope. At least until we get to the bottom of Russia, Donald Trump SHOULD NOT get a SCOTUS seat.
Sorry @LindseyGrahamSC , asking Dems to bend when you and your party were unwilling is hypocritical. 2018 will be memorable for your party.
ONLY #MerrickGarland
We're supposed to believe he's qualified coming from Repubs that felt Betsy Devos was?
.@LindseyGrahamSC You mean like you gave a hearing to Merrick Garland?  You mean vote for anyone appointed by a traitorous admin?  No.
Merrick Garland is just as qualified and was first in line. Also nominated by a legitimate President.
Your corrupt party stole this seat and your President is under FBI investigation. NO ON GORSUCH. @LindseyGrahamSC @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
Wait, I think Obama put forth a 'qualified' Supreme Court nominee a year ago and YOU chose not to hold a hearing. #resist
, from birtherism to blocking Judge Garland, "You lie!" to "Lock her up!" the #GOP built partisan divide. #YouDidBuildThat
If it is simply a question of qualifications, then why didn't you confirm Merrick Garland?
He doesn't respect women and no appointees under Russia Investigation.
, "I don't know how we got here"? @SenateMajLdr treated @POTUS44's term as 3 years, not 4, and blocked Judge Garland.
I respect you but there can be no kumbaya vote. Dems must force nuclear option or be viewed as weak in voter eyes.
Merrick Garland was qualified too. Even Gorsuch agrees and thinks what you did to him was wrong.
@senjudiciary @postandcourier Did he appeal to his colleagues for hearings on Garland?
this is ridiculous.  Obama had a qualified, viable SC nominee.  republican FAIL.
Merrick is qualified
where was this appeal for 'qualified' nominee @MerrickGarland_ ? Proud of your stance against Trump but this is just wrong
Trump, his kids and associates need to go! They don't care about our democracy. They are greedy and corrupt. Impeach Trump!
your Supreme Court pick will be forever flawed because of Trump. Impeach Trump!
don't let Trumps corruption and collusion with Russia be the demise of our country's and Republican Party credibility.
1/ diverse court is important for democracy. (Ginsberg & Scalia) did more for democracy than anyone else. However....
2/ your support is not about credentials, it's about partisan politics. This was proven with the previous nomination.
3/ I'm not against conservative judges, but I will never forgive the senators did not do their civic & Constitutional duty
4/ of not granting a hearing for Garland.
Like you voted for the even *more* qualified Garland?
Cuz that would be fair. Cuz y'all were so fair with Merrick Garland. Oh, wait. Never mind.
welcome to the team senator? a little shocking to see you act like a republican now instead of maverickjr
hey make a trade get rid of Trump for Gorsuch
like the republicans voted for Garland? Oh wait thats right he didnt even get a hearing! Bunch of hypocrits in Congress
Merrick Garland. Qualified. And you wouldn't even allow a vote. So no, go away you hypocrite
Garland still deserves a hearing & that seat & you know it Senator. I hope #traitor's nominee is blocked. #countryB4party
Nope. Garland.
After denying Merrick Garland a hearing,my criteria would be when hell freezes over.
Sorry, this is not about qualification. It's about Merrick Garland. No hearing for Garland no vote for Gorsuch #StolenSeat
No!! It was Obama's pick - Merick Garland!! 
Lindsay any Judge who coins a term minimizing Disabled students and decries they deserve LESS education than non disabled
is NOT qualified.
#GOP defiled Constitution & stole Obama's rightful nomination. That's the 'qualified' Mr. Garland's seat.
This republican asks that you put country over party and give Garland his hearing.  He deserves the job. GOP were traitors to constitution
If you ever want the trust of the 10% and growing who see the truth, you will give Garland his hearing. Otherwise prepare for last term
Gorsuch is already tainted. How can we trust a judge who accepted a stolen seat, given to him by a traitor?
Gorsuch must be blocked until we find out if Trump is a Putin Puppet. Had your chance for a faultless nom. w/ Garland
I.    Merrick Garland
Like hell after 8 years of racist obstruction including the stolen SCOTUS seat. Hell no
Why is @gop working so hard to convince everyone? Makes me think you KNOW it's the wrong choice for the country!
U know that we know U didn't give qualified Garland that courtesy, right? Most days U R my favorite GOP. Not today. #mirror
no you lied about getting to the bottom of Russia #CzarTrump
is this not hypocrisy? Merritt Garland
So it's good to confirm qualified SCOTUS noms now? What, exactly, made Garland unqualified?
Not one hearing for Merrick Garland. Not one vote for Gorsuch.
.@LindseyGrahamSC you started the place on fire by not confirming Garland, don't expect democrats to fetch any water buckets. Live your mess
#OhHellNo. That seat can stay unfilled until the next Democrat president fills it. #StolenSCOTUSseat
Trump's nominee for the Supreme Court vacancy must be delayed until he and his team are cleared of any wrongdoing.
If the comments about women are true, then there can be a better choice.  Equal pay and maternity rights are essential.
so disappointed with your waffling, your posing, and your hot air. You will vote along party lines not constituent lines.
no
regardless of what the people of your state say you will  vote with your party. So sad that politicians are deaf and blind.
As one of your constituents, my wife, our family, our friends we all say loudly NO to Gorsuch. So should you if you listen
As soon as you give Garland a hearing.  Remember Garland?
Nope. Not happening. Merrick Garland still waiting for a hearing. After that. Maybe.
#Garland #Garland #Garland
No. It's a stolen seat and he's an illegitimate president. Gorsuch's qualifications are irrelevant. #MerrickGarland
Not while Trump is being investigated. Not after you STOLE a SCOTUS seat from Obama. Don't play bipartisan card now.
Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. In other words, no.
Save our #ACA and you may get some democrats to work with GOP! @postandcourier
you are kidding,  right? You know the POTUS could be illegitimate and have no authority to appoint anyone.
There is one vacancy and we already have a 'qualified' nominee in Merrick Garland. Nominations by a traitorous “POTUS” do not qualify.
Vote for "qualified" Garland instead. (Obama's pick.) Gorsuch is a far-right leaning misogynist.
You know who was qualified? Merrick Garland.
We cannot accept the nomination to the SCOTUS from a compromised president. Never.
Where were you and the GOP when Garland was nominated? This isn't your nominee. You refused a hearing. We owe u nothing.
nope.  You don't have a mandate.  Hillary won the popular vote, Trump guilty of treason, Garland was qualified.
Senator Graham, you're making me sad--I thought you were one of the few repubs with some honor #trumprussia
no! Trump is UNDER FBI INVESTIGATION! Until it's over, he doesn't get to nominate anything! #trumprussia
they should vote exactly like you voted for Garland! #youstolethisseat
Why should they ?
But you and the rest of your GOP cronies did not extend them the same courtesy!
What dies qualified have to do with it? Garland is qualified.
nope
was this same plead made for the qualified #MerrickGarland? #DoYourJob #peoplenotparty
#eatadick
Two words for why you shouldn't necessarily expect Democrat support for Gorsuch:  MERRICK GARLAND  #NeilGorsuch
Hell No...you didn't fight for the same with an equally qualified Obama nominee!!!!!
Obama wins in 2 landslides no SCOTUS nomination hearing. Hair Furor loses by 3 mil and he gets SCOTUS pick? 
Sadly Mr. McConnell, with refusal of hearings for Extremely Qualified M. Garland, has ruined bi-partisanship. Vote NO!
Deal if you are with us on impeachment
Garland was nominated by a REAL POTUS who served for 8 years. alt prez stole election w/Russian Terrorist Attack. ACT OF WAR! Illegit POS!
two words hypocrite... Merrick Garland.
Merrick "Punished Snake" Garland
Brave statement as always Senator, the GOP did the damage, 4 years of 8 seat SCOTUS enroute.
Why didn't Merrick Garland even get a hearing? He was qualified too --- political chicanery!
Nope.No appointments until there is a full investigation of the legitimacy of this administration.
Why was Garland unqualified? Why should someone with a severe credibility problem get to pick a Supreme Court justice?
It would be a hellva lot easier pull to seallow if GOP acted liked adults and gave Garland a hearing. Sad!
Dirty tricks disrespected Garland. Your dirty tricks.  They will give him a hearing, they are more honorable than the GOP
the least the Republican could have done was to have a Senate hearing for Merrick Garland-
Republicans threaten to keep the Surpreme Court seat open for 4 years as Hillary won.
There shouldn't be a vote on the nominee until America elects a legitimate president.The one we have now is a Russia puppet
Qualified? Sure. I don't think a POTUS under FBI investigation gets his pick.
Funny, you weren't all that nonpartisan about it last year
Let's have a deal; We appeal to you & your Republican friends in the Congress to ask Sessions to resign!
also maybe we should wait until all of the Russia investigations are completed!!!!
easy for you to say now that YOU made it impossible for Obama to do HIS job to appoint the open seat
Merrick Garland
We need to get to the bottom of the Trump Russia connection before he appoints one more person. cabinet now unqualified
What about qualified candidate Garland? The one who couldn't even get a hearing?
#TrumpRussia
Dems like you Lindsey, but they cannot trust you and your GOP colleagues to do the right thing.
only if there is a rule that all nominees get a prompt and fair review.  Can you say Judge Garland?
Thinking about another highly qualified SCOTUS nominee. One that was remarkable & conservative. To justify this post?
Why? He doesn't protect workers rights. VOTE NO
Here's a suggestion - zero cooperation with Trump admin until Russian connections fully investigated!
You are just wrong Senator Graham.  Merrick Garland deserved consideration.  Neil Gorsuch's words reveal his misogyny.
MERRICK GARLAND
#StolenSeat
@Emma_Dumain NO!!! Find a true moderate!
I think, "No vote on Justice Gorsuch until the Trump-Russia investigation is concluded."
Something smells of treason. I weep for my country.
No SCOTUS until the Trump/Russia investigation is concluded.
Baaaaahaha!
#MerrickGarland
You're a good man, and so is #Gorsuch. But your hyper-partisan blockade if #Garland requires an equivalent response.
you should have resisted Mitch the Turtle and his hateful ways.
Garland should be in that seat. Do what's right for a change.
All due respect Senator, shouldn't we wait until FBI has completed their investigation on POTUS?
- Why should they, & why should we Democrats urge our representatives to, after you & your party took Garland away from us?
like you did for Betsy Devos?
just because your GOP made this Faustian bargain doesn't imply that full population of this country must suffer.
He was nominated by Trump , so there is NO trust.  Why not Garland?  Why are we paying for Trump to golf and not work ?
No
honestly your party held up a qualified nominee for nearly a year because it was Obama and now w/ Trump under FBI -NO WAY
what's in it for the self serving senator Graham?
nope. How about Garland?
you are dancing while Titantic is sinking
but it was okay for the GOP to not even meet with Merrick Garland? HYPOCRISY at it's finest
Guess he should have thought of that before he dissed qualified nominee Merrick Garland.
like you did last year?
Shouldn't we see where the Trump investigation goes first?  Wouldn't you demand the same if it were a D prez n Trumps shoes
We'll get right on that as soon as you do the same for Merrick Garland.
And so was Merrick Garland, but that didn't stop you from blocking him for almost a year.
I respect you mr. Graham, but this is a stolen seat. Mr garland should be a scotus justice. Shame on you and gop.
You blocked Garland, a very qualified justice. You don't deserve any D votes.
Did you make the same appeal for qualified Supreme Court nominee Garland? Bipartisanship starts at home.
Guess you should've at least held a hearing for #Garland huh?
Too far to the right.
NY Constituents appeal to @SenSchumer and @SenGillibrand to #resist !
fish or cut bait your either a hero or a Zero and right now I would say Zero
don't do it.
Let me make myself clear anyone who votes for Gorsuch will not have my support.  He is big business, anti women, and anti LGBTQ
He lost his damn mind didn't he..??? Bless his heart..
. I think everything should be on hold pending Trump being cleared of collusion. #TheResistance
like you voted for Merrick Garland? Oh wait...
I think the senate should look to start impeachment hearings against a president that willfully lies and misleads Americans
