@#nevertrump ...u are fake news....looks like support to me....
Fix Obama Care
Repeal
It's not that hard   You senators are supposed to be wise men of this republic
How about a bipartisan approach to FIX the system instead of overtly political attempts to destroy it?
You did vote for every version of your Party's bill did you not? A little late to say "wait, I have another terrible idea! Hear me out..."
To what end? I can't figure out what the end goal is here....that benefits Americans.
If they don't repeal & replace, Congress & insurance companies will lose their special $100s of millions of subsidies
That they shouldn't hv
Oh something positive about our President! Congratulations.
HOW about those TERRORIST Linds,we ROUNDING THEM UP??HEAD COUNT ACROSS AMERICA,THE WORLD!NO VIOLATION OF CIVIL RIGHTS EXISTES!!! panDora
Ya sit down with your friend, John McCain and broker a deal with democrats. Do something right for the American people for once !
Work the problem Mr Graham. Repeal and replace is not the answer.
Americans need the protections provided by the ACA.
Is @POTUS right to continue to sabotage existing healthcare system. Is @SenJohnMcCain right that country deserves regular order solution?
I agree let's fix Obamacare both parties can get it done
So disappointed in u Graham.  All your tough talk about Sessions & firing Mueller...you'll roll over & Trump can use u 4 a doormat.  Sad.
NO FIX THE ACA
#noreplace #nosocialism #repealobamacare #nogovernmenthealthcare #repealdoddfrank 
#taxreform now!!
@gop doesnt know how 2 work 4 the people
SC already rejected Federal funds for ObamaCare, why take them now?
America is sick of your games to appease your base. FIX ACA with bipartisan bill.
STOP PLAYING GAMES !  DO THE WORK!
This tweet petered out like a defective firecracker :)
7 years and that was what you guys came up with Jeez 
apparently you do not believe that the "disastrous ... half assed" bill is such a disaster eh?
If you thought #SkinnyRepeal bill was “terrible policy and horrible politics,” a “disaster” and a “fraud”, why did you vote Yes on it? #ACA
Perhaps a bipartisan bill instead of that crap @SenMajLdr McConnell was throwing out there.
the GOP look like fools over Obamacare! Get your act together or we will vote you guys out of office
Please try to control your tendency to oppress
Can we repeal POTUS. Pence is due for a promotion
Repeal Potus, really?? #Unfollow
Really?
The ACA saves American lives.  Tax cuts for the wealthy don't.  Repair and strengthen the ACA.
Wow, 2 lies and a call to entrench a socialist insurance plan (not healthcare) built from lies in less than 140, characters. Good job!
Lives saved no thanks to the Tea Party.  Take a bow then shoo!
No he isn't.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump until currently insured would have equivalent coverage, unlikely. how about actually governing for now?
Give me a break Senator. 
I respect you but we need to fix the law. Trump cares only about his hatred of Obama and nothing about our health.
Quit wasting your time and our tax dollars. Do the right thing, work with Ds to fix the ACA
You would also be right to ask a dog to not shit on your new carpet. The correct approach would have been to not get the fucking dog!
Incredible. You're wrong AGAIN
2. Why doesn't my HC matter? It's a game to DC. I pay S-Corp taxes, no freebies, am screwed. Lost great neuro to ACA, meds cost high. Liars.
1. Pls stop. @SenJohnMcCain screwed us. He's a Mayo, yet we've lost access to docs, choice &, and fair premiums. I have MS. Hoped for imp'mt
But he is not right to hold payments hostage and hasten a crisis for those who need care.  People will die.  He's sowing chaos.
Replace it with Medicare or your insurance.  The American people deserve the same care as you.
Or perhaps we FIX the ACA??
How about collaboration?????
Really? I've yet to see a plan that makes a lick of sense. GOP has no plan....
Yall need to move onto something else. Like getting rid of trump.
Liar..Mcain ruined your plan huh..pos liar
But until you have a new plan, ACA is the current law of the land. It would be wrong to withhold funds owed to it.
Ok Lindsay. Just remember that we are going to be very active in 2018 and 2020. Best be watching your own back.
NO he's not..McConnell was right..NO votes won, time to move on.  & ur friend @SenJohnMcCain (who is fighting 4 his life)said NO. Honor him
Republicans had 8 years to figure it out! Lazy bums!
Oh stop. Be the voice of reason the Republican Party needs, quit kow -towing to Trump.
it's great that you're asking for feedback. agree new approach and process. open it up to alt viewpoints. and please -- add women!!
We believe we deserve a president instead of this malignant narcissistic mental case.  #impeach45 #trumprussia
Yeah. With universal healthcare
And I believe that all of you on Capitol Hill need to carry the same health insurance as the American people.
I believe in unicorns  and dragons  but I do not believe in @LindseyGrahamSC
Work with the Dems! Stop letting @POTUS tear you guys apart!
He's crazy.
Everything you say is correct except @realDonaldTrump is right. He doesn't know wtf if being proposed. Lead Lindsey
Potus needs to be repealed and replaced. NOW
Wow coming from you is amazing
I'm a democrat thru & thru, I respected you until your vote on health care
Is there ever an end where we as a nation can just expect healthcare without all the BS from all of you? YOU GUYS THINK ITS A GAME! #SHAME
Nope
WHY don't you join with Democrats and come up with a plan for the American people!
The GOP had 7 years and came up with a plan far worse for everyone except the wealthy. #fixtheACA and move America forward.
You guys have had SEVEN YEARS to create a plan...why should we think any of your last minute attempts will be better?
When you listen to your constituents, then we will listen to you.
Time for you and song bird McCain to retire! @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump
The proposal from Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) would block grant federal health care funding to the states... w only 50 votes.
No more credibility !! Sorry
Or you could work w/ the dems and repubs on new bill that both sides agree on. Stop playing with our lives. #schizophrenic from Rock Hill SC
To benefit the hard working American people? The Lobbyists? The Drug Co that overcharge? The 1% who control Congress w $$?
Terrible news. You and the whole GOP are complicit. You will pay for your disservice to America. #wealthcare
You dishonor Sen. McCain. This is disgraceful. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/07/29/senate-republicans-obamacare-repeal-241128 …
Bugger off Lindsey. More GOP GARBAGE.   Give up on #wealthcare and work with Dems!
@SpeakerRyan defund Obama Care use the power of the purse.
Include Democrats. It's the only way.
Just stop it. You are putting party over people and that is just wrogy
You didn't even have 50 votes and he wants the "nuke" option? Y'all are terrible at math.
You have a little brown spot on your nose...
True, Impeach Revoke and Resign.
Just when I think you might be a rational thinker... Time to visit the Wizard, Scarecrow #ifionlyhadabrain #ACA #unfollowing
Hey Lindsey, did you ever get a new cell phone ? It seems you're constantly confused
You're right, a new approach like working with Dems to fix the system, instead of ripping away millions of peoples healthcare could work.
I have a novel idea you can try. Work together, that means Republicans and Democrats.
Thankfully there is @SenJohnMcCain who realized #RegularOrder Way to #FixHealthcare You voted for #SkinnyRepeal showing @GOP #BatShitCrazy
Or how about working across the aisle to fix what's already in place?  But that wouldn't be a political win would it? 
The ACA is based on GOP plans - Mitt and the Heritage Foundation.  You've had seven years to come up with a better plan and ???
This is not true repair is the only option now
Doesn't Congress have other important stuff to take care of?  Please, just give this a rest and move on for awhile. Impeach him to start
Aaaand the roller coaster once again descends.
Yeah, your track record - voting for a bill you claimed was a fraud! You LIE...  you all need to.  get over yourselves
Only if you first come up with a good plan before taking a vote.
Try listening to your constituents.
Sure, let's talk it over. Above board. In bipartisanship. For the good of the citizens. Responsibly.  As a process. With transparency.
Wow. Late to the party. ? Seven years late. Yeah better get working finally !
Nope
U will SAY ANYTHING 2 get back in HIS GOOD GRACES. But the #LoserInChief will NEVER forgive u. Be a MAN & DO WHATS RIGHT 4 SC. Fix ACA NOW!
So how about you Step down & let a True Repub take UR seat!!!
We want 4get what U did.U let McCain take fall knowing he's getting ready 2 retire. APpl Rnot stupid 1s!
Everyone has a right to their opinions just like most of America believes you are really a DEMOCRAT!
I know POTUS is right. I also know U lied 2 ppl of SC and we want You OUT!!!
What is the result of a new approach for stool problems?  A colonoscopy. Trumpcare is full of shit, just to obliterate ACA. Own up to it.
@LindseyGrahamSC U R a fool!!!!
Give it up already!  Check the poll numbers!  We love our ACA!
8 years

I hope the new approach is actually having an improved policy
What is wrong with you
Senator Graham Please stop this insanity! You know the constant insecurity is what is driving out insurers! Protect us from Trump & Koch's!
Nope. @realDonaldTrump ain't right, about this or in the head. Let's see a bipartisan plan to improve the affordable care act
It's time to work together through the committees and write legislation that works. No more party over people
Trump has no plan!  Stop the partisan bullshit and work with the Dem's
The American people will only accept Single Payer for all!
Yeah Single Payer!
U need to fix ACA & stop trying to take away our healthcare. Trump is a disgrace to AMERICA! IMPEACHMENT NOW!
I don't want McMaster and Bryant deciding my insurance. Your amendment is a terrible idea.  I live in Mt. P, SC, part of the UNITED States.
It'll be okay. You'll get used to it.
How about proper legislative procedures?
What is going to change at this point after having 7 years TO FIGURE OUT WHAT YOU WANT? or can add? Change? Fortify? Modify?
It's time to work together to improve the ACA by solving its problems and enhancing its strengths. We don't need to repeal the whole thing.
Yeah it's called bi partisan cooperation
i'd love to see a bipartisan approach. i know the dems forced ACA thru w/out it, but for the sake of the people, do it right & include them
You were willing to gut healthcare for millions by voting for the skinny repeal. Now I don't trust that you will do the right thing.
Try Regular order.
Fund and properly promote the ACA while you go to committee and work in a bipartisan manner.  Check your polling.  America likes the ACA.
You've had 6 months. Move on and fix ACA.
We believes need to do more! #SC4TRUMP voted for you & we will vote you out! Back @POTUS agenda, SC will vote U out! #takeischeapdosomething
No repeal.  Fix what is broke.  Duh.
Perhaps develop a plan and sell its benefits to America, FIRST!
A BETTER WAY and BETTER CHEAPER were LIES!!!
Well most of America believes U should make ACA better than come up w the HORRIBLE plans u have so far.
Urge?? You mean threaten? That's no way to conduct government business.
You could start by losing the Giant Tax Cut! That will not make anyone healthier, other that Big Donors.
Stop this madness. Polls show most do NOT want repeal and replace. Put on your big boy pants, sit down with Dems and FIX ACA.
tRump is wrong. About everything. If he says it, it is either stupid or a lie.
Do you have a plan that won't hurt the people who are being helped today?  I'd sincerely like to know if this is possible.
But is he right to threaten to destroy our health care if he doesn't get what he wants?
I suggest repeal and replace with ACA but with a different name. Your base won't notice, and will give you the credit you crave
You keep your promise of "repeal and replace" aka "erase obamas legacy" without hurting anyone, and Obama won't mind, he's a good guy
Might the "new approach" include regular order, compromise and cross-party participation (at least a chance to SEE the legislation)?
Really?  And how many people will be harmed while you all bicker and refuse to work across the aisle?
GOP only cares about government staying out of their wallets, even if that means taking away people's healthcare. Have a world vision FFS!
You think a black president will tarnish the image of this country. I never voted for Obama but he had a vision for our nation, y'all don't
You're wrong! You just don't want him to go after you! Sounds like you're running scared!
single payer!
WELL THAT ESCALATED QUICKLY!  YOU GET UR DEAL DONE? #SILKWAY
What's it going to take for you to abandon someone who doesn't give two flying fucks about you or your constituents?
Reform.  Not repeal/replace. You keep getting that wrong.
Completely bizarre that you would align yourself in any way with our mentally ill president. He's not a Republican, knows nothing about HC
How about working with ins companies to bring in more providers instead of pissing them off with tweets? #SupportNotSabotage
Medicare for all
So what did Trump promise you?
"Urge"??? More like threaten!
You are a disappointment. Fix ACA.
Right, your liberal approach to #healthcare where America has another entrenched entitlement. It will be bipartisan socialism so that's OK?
Not what the People want, Mr Senator. Do you even read the responses to your Tweets? How about acting as your constituents want?
A new approach & process:
1. Analysis of what does/does not work for #ACA
2. FIX IT
3. SUPPORT IT
So we have affordable & sustainable future
Your wrong sir now get off your butts and start working with the democrats to ensure all Americans have decent coverage quit trying to fail
You can't put the genie back in the bottle and it would cause huge damage to try. Obamacare is too assimilated - it must be repaired.
its called give the American people the very same insurance you have!
I have research that can FIX the problems in the AHCA to make EVERYONE happy, but no one in DC is LISTENING!!! #Frustrated
Maybe include both sides of the aisle
Senator Graham I respect and I agree with you but I think I think the best chance for that would be for both parties to work together.
Heres an Idea work with democrats so they dont just repeal ours later.
vulnerable people have to be covered
Will you, @billcassidy, @sendeanheller read these responses? Instead of "new" process, how abt normal legislative process?  Working w/Dems?
FIX WHAT NEEDS TO BE FIXED WITH ACA.  Rinse and repeat.

Yes I'm yelling.
