So disappointed in actions in DC support President Trump elected by people in 2017
Native Texan can believe my state we have 6 Flags over this state. To remove Confederate statue & Flags OUTRAGEOUS out history.
IF , congress would do there job, instead of going on vacation, the dreamers would have nothing to worry about. DO YOUR JOB.
@POTUS has no heart and no soul. It will be up to Congress to lead. Our society and our economy is at risk. We need real leaders to lead.
They are here ILLEGALLY that's what they did wrong!
His heart is in making money off of the Office of the Presidency
Mr President read a speech written for him
No can do - 45 has no heart.
DT has no heart but still you persist in thinking that he will change somehow it's not possible that you are this gullible
Really well something is beating.  It's the congress job to work on immigration. Obama broke the law by setting up the dreamers in first pla
What court found it broke the law I'll wait
He didn't have the legal right to DACA it belongs to congress
Not according to the courts so then I take you are against Muslim ban too right lmao
Can't get enough of the George Soros paid trolls spewing their hate and lies. So entertaining.
KMA
He's shown where his heart is again and again.. Mocks the disable, degrades Women &a Veterans, is Racist, out of touch and narcissistic !
Lindsey Graham and John McCain attached at the hip, and part the old swamp in Washington, get rid of them.
We already know were is heart is at...he is a bigot and a racist he stands with neo nazis
His heart  is in the U.S. Constitution  and the laws of this great land. As yours should be, Senator.
And in those Americans that elected his to streamline our spending and get our country back....
Not if it means a free pass to illigals these illigals wanting to stay need 2turn themselves in and go thru the line thats if they're honest
Although the idea was borrowed from Latin, we still should avoid ending a sentence with a preposition.
Lindsey graham please just shut up
To all you Trump haters, he is just following the law, not like Obama who thought he could make the laws.
It is amazing how politicians love to hear themselves talk......... it's all empty words!
@LindseyGrahamSC is a traitor, he puts the lives of illegal's ahead of the lives of US citizens.
We are a nation of laws All laws must be enforced and no one be rewarded for breaking the laws 
Nothing Wrong? How about illegally taking our tax money for everything they want
Whoever this is STOP PUTTING WORDS IN MY MOUTH
Congress needs to address this issue through legislation, one way or the other.
The stress this is causing students just a few weeks into the school year is terrible.
I think you should steer most things toward an impersonal directionn so the world doesn't want to all kill ya.
He has no heart and I'm tired of these fake ass Republicans. They have no real backbones but when Obama was in office#realvocal

Let Congress decide
Bwahahaha...right
What it is illegal congress needs to fix
Dont u get it! Fake prez has no heart, no soul, no conscious ... hes son of Chucky...
He did! It is with the American worker first!! Thank you Trump!
Continue to not uphold the law
Obama's Order was illegal & gave DACA youth false hope, Trump's giving Congress chance to address this. Congress must stop posturing & act!
You remind me of those parents who keep giving chances and threaten "If you don't stop it I'm gonna..." and never finish the empty threat.
Not making any bets; this is a sick man incapable of empathy. Impeach now!
He has no heart,  This guy is a bully and idiotic piece of dead flesh. He is showing the type of up bringing he had as a child.
(Very sad.)
It's up his ass, same as his head.
find a way for the donald to make money off of this- then he will be for DACA
Ball is in Graham's court. And he doesn't want the ball.
Don't you and McCain have a war to fantasize about?
report estimates the annual costs of illegal immigration at the federal, state and local level to be about $113 billion
He has no heart.
Trump is mooning America
@LindseyGrahamSC this nancing little lady barks a lot but there's no bite. Just a big mouth with lipstick.
He's already showed us a million times! His heart is black, he has no soul. Pure evil
To Trump and his supporters every Minority is illegal "Your Sin is your Skin",
Now that's funny. He's heartless.  Where have you been Mr Graham??!
He has shown us where his heart is on numerous occasions.
You need a hug ask for a hug, soft hearts have no place in government and the rule of law, Mr. Graham, should know better than most do.
He does and he did ....several times already.
He has shown his heart....it's pitch black...
Except take free housing,free food, free schhools, all by legal taxpayers. Some are 31 years old when they get here wtf
We know where his heart is and it isn't his chest
When someone show you who they are the first time, believe them! He ALREADY showed us who and what he is!!!!!
EVERY. SINGLE. DAY.
Ms Liberace Lindsey!
Actually it's you do nothing lazy haters in congress who now must act. Get to work!
@LindseyGrahamSC For someone (Graham) who says he follows the law to now talk about emotion and heart shows his hypocrisy.
HAD many chances. Aren't you convinced yet?
Comrade Trump does not care!  He only cares about himself and his money.
The Pretender  has no heart. Just orange hair and bunch of Russian Friends.
@realDonaldTrump wants to follow the Constitution! Most of the Libtards commenting on this Twitter thread. Getting old folks!
All these programs are a way for the #MOBB in the #SENATE & #HOUSE to steel money from hardworking #AMERICANS
This coward could have and should have passed a law.
they can come here, but they should assimilate and prove they want to be americans
his heart is with actual americans, exactly where it should be. we shouldn't have to cater to immigrants.
Trick question, since Trump has shown numerous times that he doesn't have one, or a brain
Go to work Sen. Graham!
I wonder where your heart will be if America goes bankrupt. Paper money being printed is worthless. How many years paid for trillions?
Stop the flow and fix the problem from repeating. It's pretty simple.
It's on you @LindseyGrahamSC. Your career is in your hands.
Never thought I'd be so impressed by Lindsey Graha. Turns out there are Republicans with a spine and a heart. Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC
I think he already did.
Trump's pandering to his 'base' won't save him from electoral disaster in next year's midterms.
Hey #GramCracker, his heart is protecting US Citizens first and removing illegals from jobs that belong to a generation of US citizens.
What heart? Not one such thing in the entire fascist, racist GOP.
This guy is stupid! @realDonaldTrump has said it over and over and over again and again! His heart is MAGA! USA 1st and foremost! Wake up!
No, Congress does
He has so much more on his plate. Why mess with this issue now?
Your preposition is dangling!
But the heart of the statist is not in humanity, not in law. It's in the will of the state, sold as illusion of will of the people
He just did!  I don't know what they can't understand.

What heart?
@LindseyGrahamSC Trump a already shown is how heart. Stop giving him new chances to act humane. He won't. #resistance #impeach #imprison
Trump did =no heart _now he proves to voters GoP is heartless. Unless McCain, Murkowski, Collins, Graham join Dem =save lives of DACA youth
They are here ILLEGALLY! They never tried to become legal. If they loved this country they would have become legal at some point.
Exactly what DACA does - gives them a path to citizenship.
Guess we know where Trump's heart's at, .@LindseyGrahamSC… Out back in a white hood, pouring lighter fluid on a cross. Prove GOP otherwise
What heart?  The man is obviously void of any humanity. All the Christians still sticking with the bastard?
They are illegal!
It grows clearer, this isn't about the prez, it's about Congress. They create the mess and demand he clean it up. Congress uses prez as foil
Sen Graham,  POTUS craves praise but not sure u can catch this fly with sugar since he hasn't progressed beyond maggot. But good luck.
He will vote with Trump all the way.
He'll never find it with his head up his ass, or maybe he is simply heartless. I think it's both.
Ok little Lindsay...we are a nation ruled by laws, not feelings. POTUS has to follow the law written by ....you! 
Change the law or shut up
I Support DACA
But #CONGRESS NOT @POTUS needs to pass Immigration Reform.
Came to you in 2001, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2010, 2013
 DO YOUR JOB!
All @LindseyGrahamSC ever has is concern or thoughts and prayers.  When it comes to votes or action he is MIA; like most R's
@Warx2TheMovie Next time an illegal DACA kid kills or rapes an American citizen, you can do their time with them @LindseyGrahamSC
Next time a DACA adult rapes an American citizen, they get your kids' addresses & Uber fare! Deal?
@Warx2TheMovie @LindseyGrahamSC And, you, Lindsey need to stop being an accomplice to DACA Adults who steal from taxpayers!
Piss off Lindsey

Lindsay Graham is clearly working for the democrat ppl. He needs to rename his party alliance now! Lindsay: DACA is costing America billions
Stumping for illegal votes !
Oh, but he has.
His heart is where it should be. He truly loves the USA. He proves this by upholding Our unconstitution
Oh, he's shown us.  We know EXACTLY where his heart is.  If you're white (and straight), you're right.  Same guy he's always been.
So Lindsey, now you can pass a bill to change things.
I believe he has already shown us #noheart
Mr. Trump is right reform on immigration for hard working people and not those jobless (dreamers) sheltered by "sanctuary" cities
"sanctuary" cities should have a due date so to speak if these "dreamers" cant find a job will b deported at theysametime "sanctuary" repeal
How meany dreamers have raped and killed American people? How meany are in prison?
And you as a duelly elected official need to do the job you were elected for. Write immigration law and pass it or fail and step aside.
dreamers who does a job and making money should have there own home and not on sanctaury cities, "dreamers" exception for deportation hehe
dreamers who are born here and dnt have jobs and sheltered by "sanctuary" cities should b deported n b reunited w/ there parents at home:-)
@POTUS Send your fellow bigots & lo-class idiots to http://TrumpsWebSites.com  where they may learn how to avoid sharing your oozy Impalement!
Obama had 8 years to get a law passed. He chose to rule by executive order.
@LindseyGrahamSC DO YOUR DAMN JOB AND GET OFF TV
Heart does not equate law.
Up to Congress now to show where their hearts and competency are
He just did. Stop with your words, @LindseyGrahamSC. Time to put your money where your mouth is. DO something.
@LindseyGrahamSC this is not a law. @GOP better do their job. @POTUS kept his promise! Try it!
If you did your job Obama wouldn't have to have done it and Trump wouldn't have to try and force u to do your JOB!
Now you, Sen Graham, and the rest of Congress, can show us where your heart lies.
@LindseyGrahamSC , he showed us where his heart is, that's why the majority of America did not vote for him.
You know he is a Stooge, right?
What part of this response does these people not understand The decision will be made by congress As it should have been in 2012
I think he's already shown us multiple times, Lindsey. Greed and power!
Graham should talk he hasn't done anything in Congress but I think the people already here should be grandfathered in the program should end
He has no heart!
His heart is only with him, he will never understand America and the American people, because he has never walked in our shoes
Sadly he did !
Did you not hear your friend sen. McCain- you don't work for trump you work for us -American people. I am fatigued by your failure to act.
He has.
"Dear Lucy: You have the chance to show your heart and not pull the football away for the 8,000th time while I fall for it." - Charlie Brown
Trump is the most selfish person in American history! His heart is an empty black hole, void of any compassion and decency.
Senator, Trump just gave you the powers to make it right. Just stop whining and get to work if you truly believe in DACA
His heart is like The Grinch! Only 1,000 sizes too small.All he cares about is undoing anything that President Obama put in place!
It's not in the usual place. @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC
Hush up, yur a spineless wimp RINO Graham.
He has no heart! Very selfish man
You actually need MORE proof?   @LindseyGrahamSC If it walks like a duck, talks like a duck and quacks like a duck, guess what?
Law is the law
People rejected Lindsey Graham and his corporate a**holes who just want cheap labor.
No Congress and Senate have a job to do He realizes DACA is not the job that Potus is in charge of,Congress and Senate have failed us all
I think we've seen where it is.
TRUMP HAS NOO HEART>>>>NO BALLS>>>A 1/4 " PENIS
The enabler is playing the guilt game
It feels like the president is showing us exactly who he is.
what more do you need to see Lindsey? honestly. wtf?
Senator Graham I am sorry to inform you your POTUS has no heart or soul. He is Shameless 45 now and forever.
Too late.
His heart is in his wallet, silly!
What heart? 45 is a POS.
He looks like he's wearing eyeliner.
What do you not understand? Illegal?
He has.  Mexicans did not elect Trump, the American People did.  The President is looking after those who he has Constitutional Authority.

