Stop sabotaging ACA.
THE ACA is already a disaster!  EVIDENTLY, YOURE NOT COVERED BY IT?
I am and it is GREAT!
How much does the govt pay for you. All of it?
Marco Rubio/ risk corridors, and how ACA is under siege by Republicans
And??
You should discuss those things on MSNBC. I won't watch FOX. They lie too much.
Pretty funny. Like MSNBC is the beacon of truth. Next you will say CNN is fair and balanced.
Fox "News" is basically a state-run media outlet.  It should be renamed Trump TV.
Whatever you say. Leaving the Twilight Zone now. Take care.
Pounding your head in the sand?  Does Rev stand for revulsion?
Gee, you hurt me. Your mom is looking for you. She needs her phone back.
It would be funny if my mother was not suffering from dementia.  But nice try at being witty.
Yea, I believe you. Bye.
Why would I watch you? To hear your version of truth?
At least you will go away gracefully.
You're the biggest Trump hater, wannabe president and a fake phony and fraud. You like McCain must be removed from office.
Repeal OC & get out of national health care insurance biusiness altogether. Regulate health care providers, not patients!!!
NO replacement of #obamacare it is a massive tax on those hard working taxpayers! #FullRepeal #FreeMarket NO subsidies or Medicaid expansion
Senator Graham, you seem like a reasonable person. As a physician and longtime progressive, I urge single-payer, universal healthcare.
Yeah. And don't get sick. You'll have to wait a year to see a specialist. Liberalism is a mental disorder.
I wouldn't brag about that.
Not TRUMP and MCCONNELL out of fear of repercussion. You've acted like a whipping boy where healthcare is concerned. STOP. Fix the ACA.
To hear you say one thing then do another later? Whoops laundry to do
Looking forward to you and your fellow GOP crooks being unemployed.  Share that on the fluff news network!
The complainers will not be satisfied until we have a one payor system. Then they will complain about their taxes.
Let's tune in so we can tune you out!
If Russia's goal was chaos....they have accomplished their mission. What are you waiting for?  Seattle nuked? Next election undermined?
CORRECTION: As a Democrat I have genuine respect for you Senator, but asking me to watch Fox News is crossing the line!
Listen to AMERICANS. Get DEMOCRATS to help. THEY have a plan. GOP does not because all they care about is tax breaks. When greed is involved
You had no problem doing so. If you want to "fix" healthcare, stop going down Party lines, follow McCain's example, and stand up for US.
If you cared about Americans, you would not support plans that decimate care for tens of millions and give massive tax breaks, yet,
Sen Graham: Stop. You voted FOR the horrific GOP Trumpcare plan, then turn around and talk about wanting to help fix healthcare. Hypocrite.
Talk about Scotty's Ride for Water!
appreciate your continuing the battle to end the pass-then-read garbage legislation that self employed are saddled with . @realDonaldTrump
Graham says "I WANT WAR. and I will CUT MILLIONS off of healthcare 2 pay 4 it, While I have GOVT CARE paid by taxpayers"
The end result will never be good. Greed breeds bad karma. You are all piling up bad karma for the entire GOP. Let McConnell drag it down.
Perfect plan on #Obamacare repeal, Senator. #RepealAndPartner with your Governors.
Stop trying to replace. You guys just don't get it. Work together for once, maybe you'd get some respect!
I think you are a man I can sit down and have a beer with. Dont always agree with you, but I know you will not betray South Carolinians
He will, I think you meant to say. He voted to take your healthcare away.
A hope and a dream. Trying to appeal to his humanity and faith, if he has it.
Mr Senator you have been in Washington for a while. You know better.Please don't be on the wrong side of history .
Lindsay - Tal about the revolving WH door and the 'fool on the hill.'  Don't worry, he can't hurt you?
No thanks. Gotta wax my back. Rather do that than hear you dribble on and on. Judas.
Not on Faux News.  Go on a real news station then I will. That's where the ask the real questions.  Not puff piece

Who cares?
What replacement ? Oh that is right who cares if millions have healthcare as long as you do ,Trump gets his win and big tax cuts
Remember this??
Trump vows 'insurance for everybody' in replacing Obamacare | Article [AMP] | Reuters
He lied and the GOP and Fox News does not care about the lies he told
Which brings me to my next point...
If it's not Single Payer then don't bother, you're just going to make it worse.
You need to find your conscience. We demand regular order. SC voters will remember what you are doing.
Get these guys on your side Senator! Love the idea of taking power away from Washington w/ exception of @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski
stop trying to kill ACA. this country supports the parts that work. stop your partisanship. work with dems to create a plan for all.
Senator, stick to what you do best - grabbing headlines with no actual accomplishment.  Leave the legislating to the adults in the room
Don't do it.
Health care in state's hands good. But NO OUTSOURCING!!!!!!
Greatness is selfless building; not beginning over again because you don't like the person that dared to take the first step!
The GOP has to listen to all Americans; NOT the whacko you allow to ruin and embarrass this great nation!
Why don't you actually ignore @FoxNews for awhile. They are allowing people to ignore @realDonaldTrump criminal behavior. Ask them why.
fu
Need to start discussing Presidential replacement. If it's true about trump and trump jr. Per Washington Post.
Vote @Harlan!
Why would I watch a liar, RINO, Obamacare supporter? Why don't you go "on-vacation" and just stay there? Coward...
Why tune in? You're just gonna spew the same shit and do NOTHING that you promised. You are just as untrustworthy as the Dems at this point.
Why are you doing T dirty work. When is a vote valid to you. Never? Or only if it goes your way you called it a fraud What does that makeyou
Looking forward to your bill w @SenGillibrand to investigate our elections! 
Try not to get sexually harassed...
@FoxNews No way.
Can't watch Fox News! Deny, deny, deny or they just do not cover any true news on trump! Refuse to discuss anything bad about trump!  Sad
@LindseyGrahamSC - this is a slice of cancer, my story; please fix #ACA w/bipartisanship.
Thread- "I'm sorry, it's cancer."

The words of my doctor on July 3rd, 2013. I answered "Really." Not a question, but a numb response.
You don't get a second bite at the apple. You are your best buddy, McCain, screwed up over. @POTUS needs to issue an executive order.
You mean the bill you called a fraud but still voted yes?
You should stop bad mouthing the President & work with him you either wants to lose the senate so you can be lazy or you just don't like Him
No!  Why not try working with Dems to correct what's wrong with ObamaCare for heaven sake - Unless your healthcare is repealed as well.
Happy to see a bipartisan approach
called skinny bill a disaster & then voted for it...is resisting and persisting too girly and succumbing to Rep peer pressure better?
The dems have openly given some good suggestions on repairing the ACA. Now find your spine and set down with them and forget repeal.
Don't watch Fox so I'll miss it. Begging you to work with the Democrats toward a workable solution. This @gop plotting to kill ACA is wrong!

Keep the Feds out of healthcare Repeal and send to the states

The writing is on the wall Senator, he crossed a line according to your defense of Mr.Sessions.
I am not a fan of Graham! He should respect our US President But that said returning healthcare decisions to states is correct
Why do you only appear on FOXNoise ?
Repeal the ACA, term limits! Hover has no business in our healthcare. Perhaps gov. employees should be on ACA for healthcare.

Do you have a problem with doing honest news? Why must  you always appear on an entertainment channel that calls itself news?

Hope you apologize to our President or resign from the senate since you're so rude about his right to hire/fire people.
Great idea to block grant back to states.States decide better what to do.Should get 51 senators to agree that their state can better decide.
Would love to hear what you have to say - on literally any other station. If it's on FOX I'll never see it. BTW, why didn't you #voteNO ?
Sorry,no Fox News.
Graham stop threatening the president and stArt doing your damn job!!!!!!.. 2020 is not far off brother
You better get with the program or come 2020. You will be OUT!!!
oh boy i sure will , notttt
Will catch U again when UR next on @TheDailyShow. U were great on that.
Good job!!!
Wish you would been asked about N Korea?? What should be our next move?
#cnnfakenews
Sorry I don't watch gag me news
Shame on you-acting as President lackey vs working for Americans.  Work with Dems for repair and rename.  #makinginsuranceunstable
REPEAL IT!! We don't want government in our healthcare. Let the free market take care of it. Get medicaid back to preobamacare levels!
I am tuned in. I agree, Get healthcare done.  People NEED HC.  In the same sense, they don't need tax reform.
A day late and a dollar short Lindsey
I thought you was for the people but i guessed wrong you just want to see people get hurt.
Why not pursue a bipartisan bill as endorsed by your friend @SenJohnMcCain and other R colleagues? #RepairNotReplace
You need to repair Obamacare! The American people have spoken!!
SINGLE PAYER NOW!
No thanks. I'd rather watch a calliou marathon. And THATS saying something.
Listening to Lindsay Graham is the same as hearing John McCain. Dead between the ears. Same old, same old.
No thanks. I never watch faux Fox news. Why dont you appear on @NPR  or PBS @NewsHour for some credibility?
The ACA may need improvement (something you & Repubs should have tried 4 past 8 years), not replacement! SAD!!
I see all these comments saying work bi-partisan. Can you read the comments for once?
Nope!
Lindsey I do like you but I can't watch fox fake news
You can't do anything bi-partisan can you. What the hell is wrong with you?
RINO GO HOME!!
I never watch Fox!  How about finding ways to get rid of crazy Trump?

"Let's try to figure out where those areas of common ground exist." -@RepKinzinger on how Congress can fix health care in a bipartisan way. 
How many Republican amendments made ACA so complicated and difficult? Over 100? Sit down. Get rid of Trump now.

A Republican Senator steps out of the fog & up out of the gutter, admitting that the Republican party has lost its way.   @SenateGOP @GOP 

.@JeffFlake: 'If our principles were so malleable as to no longer be principles, what was the point of winning?' http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/07/31/my-party-is-in-denial-about-donald-trump-215442 …
Nobody voted for you Lindsey
Sit down
Trump is a pathological Lier and makes most GOP members of Congress willing or unwilling accomplices! Thank You WP!
sorry, we had to turn on the parental controls for that channel
Cut Obamacare payments so Americans can get a taste of GOPNoCare early to make better decisions in 2018-20! Let Medicaid babies die for G
How about Russian treason and a crazy president?
No thanks Faux news propaganda
Please remind America that our president is unfit and insane. Thank you! #MAGA
Don't forget to talk about funding that fucken wall!
Thanks for the warning.
You might have ran on repeal-and-replace but your replacement sucks it's time to deal with strengthening the ACA listen to America get busy
Ahahahahahaha. The Lone Ranger.
Follow the lead of @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski & @SenJohnMcCain - stop thinking about replacement, work w/colleagues across aisle #aca
Just fix the ACA?!  Why on earth do you think it needs to be replaced?  Talk to experts, not other GOP goobers

Hey thanks for heads-up Sen Graham. I'm ready w/ finger on MUTE button!
Lindsey pull us out of this mess. PLEASE
Why a real news organization would have you on is unexplainable.
Remember we need to fix things, not replace them. Thanks
Nice try, Senator.
When are you going to be interviewed by @Maddow? I will watch then!
nah
I'm praying @realDonaldTrump takes Lindsey Graham's freebies, health care subsidies & forces his ass onto OBAMACARE! Time to end freebies
No. Some awful seditious conspiracy bubbling up all around your BFF McCain. He screwed US for what? Vendetta? Sick! His toxic dem buddies?
No replacement senator. Do the right thing. Work to strengthen it
Propaganda TV. Oh Lindsey, how far you have fallen.
I don't watch state run propaganda
If you remove Medicaid and tax breaks you will lose so stop now
Why would you vote for the horrendous GOP healthcare bills? The GOP plan is soooo much worse than ACA for millions. #doitright #consensus
No one cares about Fox. We care that you & the GOP are blind about the disaster running our nation. That should be addressed immediately!
Sorry, but I don't give FauxNews ANY of my time!
When you get on PBS...give me a shout.
No thanks
How about making your health care insurance like the rest of the country
Seriously
Seven years. You had seven (7) years to come up with something better.
Nobody with a brain will be watching you on Fox...& that includes you know who #singlepayer
Now that's the Senator I remember. I may be harsh lately but this behavior is more becoming. Excited to read the health care bill.
@GOP Cars didn't destroy the family, telephones civil conversation, or the written word memorization so let's leverage tweeting like @POTUS.
Ted Talk by Grady Booch. Might want to take a listen helped me with leveraging and embracing technological change.
You are too funny. Love how you are paid by Soros to destroy America
I like the idea! Maybe you can bring your friend, Senator McCain, on board.
Hmmm. Fox News says lots about you. #TrumpRussia says everything about you.
It for God's sake LEAVE IT with the Obamacare replacement. It's not going to happen and there's a madman in the White House
Everyone covered for less. That's the promise. Deliver that, and actual people (not corporations) will adore you, live boy or dead girl.
I don't watch state run tv!
TALK TO ME ON CSPAN....LINDS
#FakeNews Fox-Good place for the @GOP and their new daily reality sh*t show. What a joke, only it's beyond being funny. It's horrifying
i don't watch fox news.tweet information
state run news, no thanks.
Hopefully, you will explain why you did not stand with friend Sen. McCain on the health care issue after you said it was not a good bill?
What about impeachment? The planned firing of Mueller?
Do something instead of showing up a news shows to run your mouth!!
I support your plan. Now pass it!
No thanks - Fake News
Who cares what you say, you are not a republican anymore #traitor
Back to state.  I had good insurance before Obamacare.  None now
Sorry, @LindsayGrahamSC, interested in your thoughts but refuse to watch @foxnews. Try @MSNBC if you want to be credible.
Hate Fox biased REPUBLICAN channel FAKE NEWS!!!!
Can't wait to vote you out , you think you are royalty and smarter than the people in  South Carolina you're not and we will vote you out
Ah, will not be seeing you.  We do not watch fox so-called news.
No sir.  @foxnews rarely has news   With the exception of your interview and a segment here or there it is Russian propaganda
Yay!  I hope it involves a return to regular order and not new ways to make more mistakes!
Why go on 'entertainment ' faux news .  Can you go on a real news station -
I want to see you on CNN even NPR, MSNBC. Leave your comfort zone
I don't watch that channel because they are full of shit.
Oh. Joy. 
Patty cake patty cake fake news man. Bake me some talking points as fast as you can.
FOx!? No way.!
regular order and work across the aisle.  no one wants a republican or democratic plan.  bi-partisan is today's buzz word.
I would gladly tune in if you were in any other news channel
I like Fox, but Graham is a turncoat. Not watching this ass
Your Party is destroying our country!You have a President who is trying to push you out & still you Cover for him!You should all be ASHAMED!
For the love of God - work with Dems!
I do not watch Fox News, Senator Graham.
