Translated - I'll support CG b/c my version of Jesus would want to risk the lives and livelihoods of 10s of millions of Americans, amen.
Went golfing!




This cover better defines his presidency. He is a nasty, bitter old man who thinks only about himself and his family, not about Americans.
Thank you for your service
You are welcome. Ours was & still is a great country to serve.
Yes it is.
The country will never be an American County as long as there is a "Black Caucus"


Lots of states would lose funding for healthcare, which would lead to a price increase AND a tax increase. Costing lives 4 this is insane.
A political win bought at the expense at deaths in the hundreds or thousands isn’t a win - it’s  showing that you’re a horrible person.
Great interview. I hope you run for the Presidency after Trumps 8 yrs are completed
@POTUS @foxandfriends rп
爱你
Majority Of States Would Lose ‘Jaw-Dropping’ Amounts Of Funding Under Graham-Cassidy Bill

OH YES !!!  They are always a great audience; state tv...do you ever appear on another show for an interview...actual NEWS perhaps????
Another way of saying that states can screw their citizens. G-C will not save ppl from being charged more for pre-existing conditions



Next if you allow the insurance companies to rule; WE THE PEOPLE will vote you out of office and you owe your allegiance to US not greedy co
Haha haha haha what a bad joke
you are lying. States can price people with pre existing conditions out. Repub Governors against it
Has anyone noted: three r-defector's #GramCassidy, lost to Trump in 2016. Time for   term limits Mr. Vice President.
@VP @foxandfriends
Airplanes are not flying to Puerto rico, they say the supplies would be sent by ships, this way is going to take weeks to arrive to PR....
Please ban Planned Parenthood from ever receiving tax dollars to murder innocent little babies. 
So we take the unwanted children to WH or your house to take care of them? Thousands? Why not teach sex education by age 10 and continue?
And deny proper healthcare coverage to millions. Sacrificing lives for a political "win" is unconscionable.
Spreading more lies and #FakeNews #muellerwillgetyoutoo #TraitorVP #lies
@POTUS @VP @foxandfriends HA!  FOX AND FRIENDS, YOU CAN'T GET MORE FAKE NEWS ANYWHERE ELSE!!
Don't lie.  It's not going to be better.  For some it will be absolutely too expensive to have healthcare insurance!
Liar
FETUSES ARE SACRED & MUST BE CHERISHED!

So you'll cover maternity care?

HELL NO!
There's another name for that..... Abortion.
It will propel the Red States to screw the elderly, sick and poor right to the wall. Who needs THEM anyway?
If ins co allow those of us who are working to utilize HSA accts federal money would help elderly sick poor HSAaccts allow for $ when older
I think it's partly a tax code problem on how HSA money can be utilized.
Of course it is, govt can't get their hands on it
The state you live in shouldn't dictate your healthcare, there should be a equal single payer system. We are the United States of America.
Because none of you all know what to do?

Here's your FAKE NEWS STATION!
https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/9/20/16333384/graham-cassidy-obamacare-health-care …
My state would apply for a pre-existing condition waiver and make insurance impossible for me to buy:
You are a liar who is trying to kill people so some rich people can get tax breaks!!! Mueller please hurry & put these jerks away!
Poor people are talking up space, they are a drag on health care
You are taking up space and air. You should spout your hateful bullshit to someone who cares.
congratulations Americans, now you have to move to get decent healthcare... AND its going to cost a shit ton...
I was hospitalized last month for 24 hrs. Conclusion:weak from root canal infection. My costs over $2,000 of $31,000 yr salary!
Liar and loser
Share:)
The way he speaks exudes deception
Politians MUST begin 2 pay 4 their own healthcare. Sign them up for Obamacare since they love it so much! Can't keep paying mine & theirs 2!
Terrible.
#COMPLICITPENCE #FAKENEWS #FAUXNEWS #FAKENEWS #IMPEACHTRUMP #25THAMENDMENTNOW #FAKEPRESIDENT #PUTINSBITCH #LIARINCHIEF
hfjfsj8
Good talk, we need more open discussion on these topics!
Allowing states to create their own healthcare is fine but I've already heard talk of measures to prevent states from going single payer.SMH
Keep telling yourself that. Mueller has your number. Sally Yates had the timeline pinned and you obstructed justice!
This is a flat out lie.  No it won't!
Read it.
Let's see what the healthcare experts say about #GrahamCassidy, shall we? Oh, look:
Wish I could understand why the GOP (and Fox, for that matter) completely ignore industry opinions/input.

Why?
Liar liar pants on fire!
For which Americans? We are a nation, not 50 separate countries. Be fiscally responsible; medicare 4 all. If not #SaveACA  #NoGrahamCassidy
Maybe you should spend time to real news agencies not Fake news agencies?
me evil and none of you murderers realize, hey we never should have spied and abused americans even dawn. now you are listening
HELP KILL OFF THE ELDERLY THE DISABLED AND THE POOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! USA!!! USA!!! USA!!!
K
There are collections of first aid needs from Florida and over the nation to be sent to Puerto Rico stored in warehouses because they say...
Pathetic. Just another diversion.God....please FIRE this loser ! Enough already !
Nice
Too bad you're not president, you're as boring as they come. We could use some boredom.
Lets send all this supplies with military aircrafts, they need it now!!!
What a kiss ass loyalty to the people not the president.  I know your going to pardon Trump.  He should face a firing squad! for treason.
Problem: the self-interest of those who lie for a living..
You work for Trump? You better find a good lawyer and somebody to pay for it. Fox News should too
Is any of this hipe ever gonna come true?  What is taking so long…
Look how long it took to take down Al Capone. This isn't some procedural drama on tv That gets solved in 45 minutes or less!
4 to 5 months?  If they have something then bring it.
I said 45 minutes, like CSI etc, you donut. Capone was responsible for his first bombing in 1920 and wasn't convicted till 1931.
I like donuts. Casey's day olds are awesome.
Ill take your word for it, can't do sweets in the morning too well my own self. Enjoy em if ya can!
Innovation?  Get real that the insurance companies will screw over the consumers.  It's all about money with them and they don't care.
We are w you on this
Not great but better
If we can pic off GOP e 1x1 we can do better
.Thou shalt not lie. Remember that one? And you're lying to inflict cruelty on the helpless and give tax breaks to the wealthy. WWJD?
Thou shall not covet either. Bring to the table what thy has to offer. It's not about taking.
That last one is not a commandment. Jesus didn't ask the lepers to pay a copay before he walked among them.
Absolutely not but I hope your not comparing HD to some of the "disabilities" loosely labeled today.
Not sure what HD is. Or if you are even talking to me. Or if I care. :)
Ok. It's Leprosy. Sorry ran out of room before. Have a nice evening.
Easy to fool Fox hosts and Trump supporters but the rest of us understand you are planning to kill tens of MILLIONS of Americans. Slime.
OBamacare:
Obama care middle class they sock it to you poor  and immigrants it's almost free someone out of country like in Canada it's free itwillbe
@VP why don't you go on other news stations....could it be bcauz you know you can't bullshit them & the informed, educated viewers?
Not sure you read and understood the bill. It is a travesty of injustice to the sick snd the states that didn't vote for you. Disgraceful.
Ok so all federally elected offices should be on their home state plan!!
Very strong vice president and president helping everyone thank you great to see you great to hear from you everyday again
Liar
You're willing to take affordable health care away from approx 32 million people. Since you're a Christian, ask yourself What would Jesus do
Great response thank u VP Pence
Your Delusional..

#GrahamCassidy bill will kill Americans.  It's that simple.
32 Million
Then why do Governors hate it???
I'm really confident that my state, Texas, will innovate & create better quality health care...not. Sad.
YOU WILL NEED TO KEEP THE DOLLARS WHERE THE POPULATION IS.  YOU SIMPLY WANT TO TURF THE BLUE STATE $$$ TO THE RED STATES.  FUCK, NO.
you don't know that because you have no idea what the states will do with the funds...50 different sets of regulations...sounds like chaos
I would not admit to being on that show, stat CT scan, you probably lost brain cells
United States was never founded on how beautiful its citizens appeared. Don't need that covered in any single-payer health and wellness.
And allow them to take away healthcare for pre-existing conditions.  Take your head out of the muck. #resist
Does lying not wear you out?
No  to #GrahamCassidyBill 
No to  #DotardTrump
No to war  #NorthKorea
How does Jesus feel about the fact that you lie? How does he feel about the fact that this plan will harm his children?
You are so full of feces!  How can you call yourself a Christian?  You will burn in hell.  How can this be good for the American PEOPLE?
So do these fools ever go on anything other then FOX!   They aren't even journalists.  What a joke
Give another news station an interview.  Are you all afraid they may actually ask some real questions?
Because states, unlike the federal government, know magic to get so much more for so much less.
So instead of one big mess we'll have 50 big messes going in 50 different directions. Great plan Mike, how much will you be saving in taxes?
You're a liar.
BS. It give a trillion dollar blank check to the secretary of HHS to do whatever they or their "owners" want.
This is a lie and y know it.  How can u call yourself a "Christian" when u are willing to let people die just to insult O? #GrahamCassidy
Fake news!!!
Wrong, wrong wrong!  Who are you kidding?

Trump can kill more people with one healthcare bill than Kim Jong Un can with his entire nuclear arsenal. https://twitter.com/MarkRuffalo/status/910665370490609664 …
Bhawhahah... Pass it to the states so the governors can suffer the consequences... Totally Brilliant! #weakleadership #nomoralbackbone
I'm starting to feel ashamed of you and the @POTUS for once again screwing the American people with this healthcare.
S.O.S. for  VENEZUELA. S.O.S
It’s a horrible proposal. It’d be better to have no healthcare. Oh wait, that’s what’s going to happen to me. Thx @CBSNews #GrahamCassidy
@FoxNews has literally ZERO interest in the truth or consequences to its viewers and sadly the VP and @realDonaldTrump have even less #ACA
@POTUS @foxandfriends Racist agenda! I care about the elderly, disabled, poor and minority's! People not Profit!
What healthcare is that? The one where you want us to pray?
it is NOT my fault the new jesus is a liar and an abuser.

BULLSHIT!  It throws 32m off coverage!!!
Fox Softball 
Medicaid-expansion states to lose $180 billion under Cassidy-Graham plan, new report says IS THIS TRUE? HOW WILL THAT HELP? @lisamurkowski
oh wow....great place to feed your lies. Fox will help u w thst.
The speech that Donald Trump gave was perfect to the point it did what it needed to be done amen! It was great speech!
Fox is fake
Very little of what was said here was accurate
Imagine the power of FOX & joke the 1st amendment is. Suppressed story from 8/16. All pro-trump agencies colluded. ALL!
Why don’t you talk directly to the AMA about #trumpcare?
Or to the AARP? Ask them what their members think about #trumpcare...
That is such a lie and fortunately everyone knows that

As a Christian, I'm ashamed you'd lie 2 constituents w no remorse. Christians shld advocate for human rights not punish, mame, + kill @VP
Congress passes the buck to the states, reduces coverage, allows rates to soar.  #FailedLeadership
You know, Mr Pence USA already has the highest infant/mother mortality rate per capita!? That's criminal, AND you want it to be worse?
Pence stop lying. This bill is the worst option yet!
#GrahamCassidysucks
It is all a lie ..it is just a major tax cut for the Koch Brothers and company
We don’t need 50 versions of heathcare. How does that help Americans and how is that better quality. Stupid statement and not rational
Omg!! @VP You going to spend your pension in jail becuse of your president.. Deep Down you know it!!?
Indiana has HIP = Health Indiana Plan it's working in Indiana
States always mismanage money, like the billions in tobacco settlement $$ that aren't used for anything but general budget items
Instead of looking who should get what and pay for it insurance, why not look at who should be covering what and why.
All about the spin  #DEPLORABLE

#GOP = #GreedOverPeople
Liar
All other forst world countries have universal healthcare.
Do what they do.
Stop being coin operated
Hope,so, because this is impossible
Healthcare financing (not the care itself) is a *national* problem requiring a *national* solution. States will just screw it up, royally.
You're a soulless liar. #grahamcassidy is the anti-health care bill. You're entitled to healthcare for life & deny the same to others.
早く許嫁合わせてよ
we know you want that Koch brother money badly for 2020 .
Yeah, right... BTW, who was the somebody?...that you worked with during the transition? Not Flynn, the other traitor. No not Trump, Manafort
excuse the language but..IT'S BULLSHIT.  why not wait for CBO Score or better yet bi-partisan solution...this under the cover of darkness
It will also be responsible for tens of thousands of deaths. Including my daughter. That won't end well for any of you. Enjoy prison
#GrahamCassidy is ONLY a MEAN political attempt to save face of the @SenateGOP FAILURES. Governing by TAKING AWAY is a FAILURE for Americans
Lies,  all fucking lies!
@POTUS simply put a lying evil bigoted Christian. Wow Pence for impeachment on the ground of disgusting excuse for a human
Better FOR WHOM? Because it certainly isn't for "We The People..."
You are an idiot puppet of Trumpthis Healthcare bill will hurt millions of Americans
The biggest thing Graham Cassidy does is allows the states to have to pay for all healthcare plans in just a few years

So if the states can do this innovation why not not the federal government.
Emperor Orange makes my skin crawl, but you're even creepier. Somehow we just gotta get through the next 3 years, 118 days.
Pence is a troll
Innovate is the operative word. They will need to get real creative deciding who can get healthcare & who will die without it!
I'd hope Republicans and conservatives would like the federal gov't ensuring that it has a healthy citizenry via single-payer. Beauty? eh...
Chicken to talk to CNN? Pence is immoral.
...It just slays me, Mr Vice President, to see you stand up there and say that right there in front of God and everybody. Reprehensible.
FOXandFriends are heartless bigots and obviously the only place you and the orange butt plug feel comfortable.
Why can't the left see we are about Love and helping all Americans and the World. Can some one answer this....
Because you have never cared in the past, so we already know that hasn't changed.
Liar liar liar liar liar liar.... get my drift
Sure, because if you're poor, with pre-existing conditions, you don't deserve the same quality care as the wealthy.
2-3 billion people to many now! Time to thin the herd, and save the Planet
Pass the Graham-Cassidy Bill!  Keep your promises that is what all the Senators and Congressmen where elected to do!
