
they only poll during the day ya know when all the welfare leaches are home smoking crack
Yes, FoxNews should be..
the same polls that showed killery with a 20% lead right before the election
Those polls were not AWARE of the Russian Interference
there is no interference. But these polls knew killery sold 20% of our uranium to Russia and ignored it
they aren't covering it bc it's an urban legend
Lindsey Graham, you have a wife right?
Great Theatre Judge
if I were Dem. or Liberal I wouldn't approve a constitutional abiding judge like this. Bad for our politics
@snoozinglion1 @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS Lindsey Graham is by far the most annoying little twit I have ever seen or heard in my life!
#Agreed


An evidently prepared response.
Lindsey Graham FAKE republican.
Stupid question, firm answer!
Wrong question. You should have asked how his personal bias against women would affect a Roe challenge.
women don't have the right to murder.
You don't have the right to tell someone else what to do with their body.
didn't know the baby and mother are the same person. so she must b giving birth 2 herself?
Uneducated? Sick pervert? Guess so. Woman's decision. Stay out of other people's uteruses.
they can check nsa transcripts of their meeting,Obama probably kept a copy
Lindsey Graham, you HAVE to cry a lot at home! Is your wife the boss?!
Graham was a rude ass during his time at the hearing. Very disrespectful and flippantly shuffling paperwork.
yeah, that was well rehearsed ;)
@rickmcsmith @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS Lindsay Graham won't win another election.... I can promise you that, he's done 
Lets hope so... I thought #McCain was done
@kelliwardaz should be Senator
.@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC Knowing @POTUS Roe v Wade prerequisite 4 SC nominee, why did he walk *in* the door, if that's true? #NotBuyingIt.
Notice change in NG's body language before he answers: "... never met Trump ..." I don't believe him.
Would you have called that a 'stiffening' or a 'tensing"? @FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC
"Discomfort" and "tensing". Clearing of throat. I could be wrong, but I don't trust that answer.
really don't think he's telling the truth
@patriots4trump please make sure this man is not elected next time around! Try to elect a Republican!
I wonder how much Lindsey pays his/her high school person to maintain this page. Lindsey couldn't do it.
Graham - you are pathetically wrong with each and every turn of your RINOness. #RINOsickness
d
#Good job today LG

JUST IN: Gorsuch calls Trump's attacks on judges "disheartening" and "demoralizing" http://hill.cm/D2FxFKa  
Graham, you are a disrespectful trouble-maker!!! At least look the Judge in the eye when you speak!!
If only those we elected were any where near the character of this judge, our country would be great again!
the American people will drain the swamp come election day! All of u so called Congressman can take a hike!
that was very disrespectful!  You should apologize for asking a great man a question like that!
...sir dont worry about what people say Fear God who is destroying the Democrats for good, as we speak.
I'm guessing whatever Russians have on Lindsey is John Edwards-like. Except no baby involved, & no woman.
Good answer .
well then #JudgeGorsuch should walk himself out of the door because #ALLLIVESMATTER #ABORTTHEDEMS
#VOTE NO lindsey graham
and who the crap do you think u are to talking about impeachment
Mister Graham get behind our president or get out if the way
.  Al Franken is my hero.
Shut up Senator
Just as it not the judges duty/right to override presidential executive orders!!
Why are you ragging on Trump?? You didn't do nothing for 8 years!What's with you. They should impeach U!
crazy jerks
WOW!!
Lindsey graham is a democratic seriously someone that comes across that dumb is not a republican
Lindsey please please please resign
I Shameful for this honorable man and his family having to endure the political BS to serve this country.
So, if that is true, why are conservative republicans so happy about him?
Lindsay Graham really he and McCain and other entrenched Traitors to Republican Party need to be gone!!
. Graham asked the question and then did'nt have the decency to listen to the response. Says it all.
He is trying to grandstand but looks foolish. Big Fail
This guy is so on;you can tell he is getting annoyed with the Senators. Graham, how is the Ukrainian Amb.?
Good Job Lindsey give the Dems a shinny toy, it was a setup question to make Dems vote yes, Trump you rule!
#mybodymychoice  #notyourbodynotyourdecision #religiouspersecution #keepyourgod #itsaboutprivacy #handsoff
One thing for sure the Demos are being foolish How many times does he have to say he will uphold the law?
a super dumb question
The Senator is a disgrace!  Both he and John McCain are perfect reasons there should be term limits!!
Couldn't have said it better
Leave it to good old King RINO Lindsey Graham to attempt to manufacture a reason to vote against Gorsuch.
BOOM!!! LOL!
I think this question is baseless...and un intelligent...
the day wouldn't be complete without this idiot trying to drag Donald Trump into it.
Lindsey Graham is a total IDIOT to ask such comical, idiotic questions of Judge Gorsuch !!!
of course he would, judges supposed to go by laws. Graham it's YOUR job in Congress to change it.
^ABOVE @LindseyGrahamSC JUST PUT GORSUCH ON THE RECORD, UNDER OATH. "THIS TO ALL THE NON-THINKERS THAT THOUGHT THIS WAS DUMB, NO.
another democrat hot button lie down the tubes!
um don't judges overrule all the time....?
long winded democrats are going down rabbit holes in their questioning tactics, shameful
Neil Gorsuch has TRUE principles! Why are they baiting him?!
stupid question,irresponsible,lame
Will he walk out if a Dem senator asks whether he'd uphold Roe v. Wade?
Where's @Judgenap ? Russia was listening? Get it...
Linsey Graham love  is like an unorganized doofus!
Senators acussed everybody. 
They are not clean
It is time to made  each senator respond to the people 
We need public hearing .we want answer
Good answer
what a stupid, loaded question!
Another great champion of life!
light-in-his-loafers-lindsey is a jerk for asking such non-sense questions! SC, Vote him out!
Lindsey is an anti-Trump guy that's all he's there to do because as a senator he's ain't worth shit!
I would be very surprised  if this great judge is NOT confirmed!Watch the Democrats make fools of themselves once  again!
Only a failed presidential candidate and washed out politician would ask such a dumb question! #retirement
And why would Graham ask such a question in the first place?
Amazing. Just amazing. Which side is senator graham on?
Great Response!
Lindsay Graham makes Nancy Pelosi look normal. HELP ME SPOCK! 
senator graham is crazy
Graham, can't believe some of the crap you got into with Gorsuch!
Graham is a complete and total idiot!
He's a traitor, too!
I'm a liberal not a libtard btw. I think Gorsuch is a decent pick. Just sayin
funny, trump claimed he had given him the 'test" another lie
Can someone tell me why it is wrong for a SC nominee to state that he is independent from @POTUS influence?
GOOD JOB, Mr Graham. 
, Such a large portion of our Judges put themselves above us and the law. I don't mean just Dems either
Every day that passes the left and globalist Rino's show themselves more crude than POTUS has ever been.
disrespectful. And literally a joke
@Biegenzahn @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS 
I believe the point was that he promised no one anything in any particular case
Senator Graham asked good questions and Gorsuch answers were spot on. Two wonderful leaders .
ask a proper question, judges rule on hearings & cases not favors!
Graham just sounded dumb. People of SC vote
this rhinos out.
@lindseygraham @POTUS Lindsey Graham just made a fool of himself!
why would he lie about that?
again Lindsey, and Leahy, and fienstein.. judges don't create or change laws....please term limits
Says a guy who would never have to make that decision.
Noone does that  Educate yourself on the real reasons women choose abortion.
Trump only allows your journalists to interview him. A sad reflection on your 'journalists'.
FOX: WE SUPPORT AND PROMOTE FASCISM
LGfrom SC YOU'RE FIRED !!!
out of place ????s
Americans divide 50% "pro-choice," 44% "pro-life" on abortion
Everyone seems to be the experts on this panel(sarcasm)!
Your sarcasm about who  you were afraid POTUS might pick was a petty comment.  A reflection of who you are
and Graham just proved to us why he shouldnt be president. Moron
yea Graham POTUS was going to pick a tv personality are you ridiculous? Always a snide comment
Graham is worried about a child going through excruciating pain. Budget cuts foreign funding to starving
Graham's sarcasm doesn't make him anymore likable. Ugh
Of course Graham had to sneak in snide comments about Trump because that's kind of guy he is. Why he lost.
a little man
Can you believe @POTUS is under investigation for colluding with Russia during the election? Totally crazy.
Wow really??? "I thought he'd pick someone on TV" ???
I thought it was good comment.
Respectfully...I do not.
Summary of Graham's opening statement: " Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah."
That kinda stung didn't it Linds. Ya hoped to provoke and you got served. Them shit sammiches don't taste good huh. LMAO! This is a good man
judges don't make law they rule according to it. Although recently it doesn't seem so.
Tell that to the Left.  It IS what they do.
Give me a break - Nancy boy never has to worry about this... having his girl gettinag an abortion - right
we all know this would not be the case under Hillary and her pick.
Congress Can't asking too much.
Graham, u don't need to look at research, ask those doctors/ nurses/assistants how unborn babies are killed
senator Graham is doing a great job defending judge Gorsuch 
senator graham is so stupid #heneedstogo
They keep reaffirming this and yet there never was a ratification of the Supreme Court ruling.Let's get off this.The pro life claimant died.
Hv to say kudos to the Judges clerk sitting behind him what great listening skills she has
I noticed that yesterday. She is so focused, listening intently yet without drama. Great skills.
They're Have Constitution
if the @DNC is so concerned abt Roe v Wade, get a law passed abt murder. It's a law now & it can change.
can anyone say why fox is covering the Gorsuch hearing and didn't cover the Comey hearing yesterday, #scum
what did you learn from yesterday? Those who hate Trump still hate,those who like, still like
retire already. @POTUS
Its hard to politically hate anybody more than Lindsey Graham...hes worse than the enemy...trojan horse.
I'm stuck with McCain and his puppy, flake
If he won't overrule Roe V Wade then why bother having his useless ass on the court , let the liberals destroy him
#Graham slams #Pelosi, but keeps talking. Poor #JudgeGorsuch sitting respectfully, listening I suppose.
come on. Dumb rhetorical question LG.President Trump is too smart & classy to ever ask a question like that
tired of bringing up old news it's not current , past, come forth to present stick with facts of reality.
you are CONFIRMED:)
THANK YOU LINDSEY on discussing Abortion...THANK YOU
That  True  What Wrong With Lindsey
Doe v Bolton as well.
Absulutely agree.
there it is!!! Don't act like Roe v Wade should be law of land. It's a legal way to murder. Nothing else.
idiot
Lindsey Graham is an idiot. What kind of question is that, oh yea it's a democrat question. LG pls resign!!
what a boneheaded question.
Its Lindsay Graham, what do you expect?
right!
Lin Graham ride the fence He is a total jerk
No doubt.
I agree and I would like the law scrapped.
