"Oh Mommy please read us the part of the bible that Mice Pency reads from. The part that says fuck the poor and the sick, they don't matter"
VP Mice prayer.
Now I lay me down to sleep
All day long I've lied to sheep
Sick babies will die afore I wake
I'll still be a christian fake.
"Daddy is the orange fat man and his friends going to move on me like a bitch and grab me by the pussy because I'm a girl too?"
"Daddy why doesn't anyone tell the fat orange man that it's not nice to hit women with golf balls and call them names? Doesn't anyone care?"
All evangelical Christians are liars and are the American Taliban. @Pontifex   Please work your voodoo that you do so well, on the Repugs.
But will Smoothie and Shifty be able to get healthcare?
Congress does not have to buy into the affordable health care act so why would they care who it hurts.
2 Elderly, disabled, pre-existing condition not rich, grahacasidy looks like a final solution plan that will effectively get rid of them .
That's Bullshit and you know it! You're no Christian!  Millions would suffer under this cruel bill! #ProtectOurCare #SaveMedicaid
Sir. Please. Crazy racist is the very last thing you want to quote, endorse, laud, etc. Stop.
Shame on you
And what about the states that fall behind? You're willing to just screw those Americans. Pitting red states against blue states is decisive
This just in: bad for the economy:
and puts the screws to the rest of the country, except for Alaska who will be able to keep Obamacare.
Then @SenatorCollins needs to GET ON BOARD
2 disgusting racists. You both make me sick. #racistinchief
Lie lie lie lie lie
Until the money stops after the 2020 presidential election
At the expense of the country. Doing things as the new GOP does. Buying votes one state at a time.
Thank you for your lies, small mind, small soul, and for your discomfort with women. You've given us some good laughs.
... and a ton of regrets.
He is self serving....bad bill, glad it failed!!! Go Senator Collins!!!
It's more of Socialism via 90% laws & regs carried over from Islamication of America Obamacare #Repeal give back to Private Insurance sector
Your are all corrupt and you are all liars!
Proverbs 14:31
Pence, You are the biggest liar in Washington
Another get-together w/fellow Klan members.
@wiseman_rhonda That was stupid
You and Pence?  A meeting on healthcare??  Hehehe.  You mean you had a meeting on implementing 'no care'.  Maine won.   GOP failed again.
United nation:  you people are not treating issue Nigeria president send army to biafra land. Killing Is going on there
Says the crazy racist governor ... very reliable.
CHOAS Theory.  The one factual thing the Russians did influence on our nation.  Racism, political correctness to its pure state CHOAS
United nation save the life of biafra  in hand of nigeria
Yeah at the expense of everyone else, Republicans just trying to get Susan Collins vote. Shameful!

Birds of a Feather... Is LePage still concerned about black drug dealers going up to Maine and "getting white girls pregnant?"
Shut up
For the love of god! Who believes LePage?
But you know he's certifiably crazy, right?
Get it done
It's pathetic when ppl of the UNITED States have to worry about where within it they might have to move to in order to live!
Proving that you're not the only disgusting pos in government doesn't make you any less of one!
Pence a tool.
Like I trust this nut job.
Liar liar, pants on fire!!
show me where, in the constitution, gives government the power to take away peoples choices, We need Open Markets for Health Care. stay out.
These guys treat American lives in such manner that it has no value. Then they would like us to treat them respectfully. Why?
What's it like to be Vice Doturd of the divided states of america?
It's about politics and which state "comes out ahead" versus those loser states.  Not a word about the people who will lose coverage & docs.
Easy to come up with a #healthcare bill when you enjoy government provided benefits with no/low out of pocket costs
@Governor_LePage is just as knowledgeable about healthcare as Donald Trump is.
If the trust funds of all citizens where released there would be no reason for all these talks
Please consider honest healthcare for all citizens. We demand lower cost better care  Universal Healthcare. Over 30 countries have it. Why?
Stop  Spreading Lies  Mikey you Known after Mueller gets through your Beloved BLOTUS, He is coming after you!
You. Are. All. Liars. GOD SEES YOUR EVIL.
Please explain why Australia, former British penal colony, can afford to provide its citizens with universal health insurance and US can't.
Maine doesn't just ship people they don't have the expertise to handle. They dump patients that would be expensive to service.
@SteveSchmidtSES If you are realy sick and have no health insurance in Maine they ship you to Mass General in Boston. Ask MA GOP governor.
They don't reimburse Mass General. That's what you call Trumpian Federalism.
But 20+ million Americans don't, especially those with pre-existing conditions! I've been through it and it takes away all savings and life
I live in Maine, @Governor_LePage is a terrible governor. He cares more about money than the people. We won't let you take our health care.
Ok so who's lying king and Collins or you and the gov my money is on you
How fortunate for those of us in Maine that we have @SenatorCollins 🖒🖒🖒

You picked a winner there to try and support your lies, Gov. LePage? That all ya got?



People in public office who blatantly lie to their constituents should be charged with treason. It undermines the fabric of democracy.
VP Pence you're the best VP we have ever had. We will be in good hands with you when Trump's 8 year term is up.
Shell game. Please be honest.
Yes we should believe this jerk
The System is Highly Corrupts by Insurance,  Pharma and Managers Companies and need Laws from the Congress to be. Following the Votes.
Funny how every major medical affiliated organization has come out against it! Who are you? The devil?
I guess I'm really in left field. Why in the world is that loser L Graham attached to the healthcare bill I don't trust
Why must you praise so many losers? Their stench is then linked to you
O ssees
L zszsz p
K r
Yeah but where is the rest if the body? In the dumpster?
LePage, another lunatic republican.
More crap in the White House. In just over three years it will need to be fumigated to be habitable again.
Does Maine come out ahead because they can get $ and then deny coverage or charge more $?
Way to apply the whip Pence










QUIET PIECE OF SH^T!
And LePage helps make your 'repeal & replace' case, HOW? Take ex-lax, that constipated look on your face is a giveaway for guilt. Liar, liar
He looks like a young Adolph.
Maine's crazy man? You need to find better friends.
Hopefully he will get Sen Collins to vote yes. Maybe you can get a dem to come on board since McCain won't vote and Rand Paul says no.
This is false.
Maine loves Trump an Hence
a liars convention? why does every single major HC associated organization think it's a complete pile of crap?
You and he should fight it out by yourselves and leave the rest of the world intact. Challenge him to a fist fight and we will take bets
LePage just as Trump /Pence and their followers are despicable
Nope
Yes because government is buying manes vote by stealing money from other states

Why do you send me shit?  Please stop you SF
Known racist at the WH... the new normal.
That guy is a jerk!
How?
McCain and others do not care about Maine. Just their pockets the lobbyists fill.
Kiss some Trump butt, get money.  Talk about trying to buy votes.

This is how a real Christian acts, Mikey Boy.

You're lying! Can't you stop for 10 minutes? Try! Go on @MSNBC or @CNN and talk for 10 minutes without lying. Not @FoxNews. They lie!
@mike_pence do you repeat incorrect facts for spite or beacause you lie?
What a sham ... @Governor_LePage is just like @RealDonaldTrump .... white nationalists.  How many millions will lose coverage?
I'm glad mcain..negged.. how can GOP try to pass a bill when ZERO details aren't even laud out yet to the country!! ESPNS..COMMON..MAN...
I love lobster, Bar Harbour, & Acadia National Park.
Not crazy about you or 1 state's view!!
Yea! Let's add another racist to the WH! #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
Liar
well, that's wrong. but what about all of the states that won't come out ahead? you don't care about those states?
Graham Cassidy 

It's a shame Republicans really did not want to repeal Obamacare unfortunately midterms they will feel like Romney Republican voters no show
What a bunch of bullshit. Oh, and that LePage guy is a crazed ass-clown.
So you had a racist assclown say words at a camera to support your bill. WOW, bringing out the BiG guns huh Mike? 
It is clear #GrahamCassidy has broad support in the RW lunatic faction.
That's crap. No COB you have no idea how bad this will be. Don't let Dotard bully you
McCain needs to be removed from his position, now .His unfortunate illness has concern for rational decision making . No fixing ACA.
Let's go forward not backwards do away with the Hitler care  (Obama care ) let the USA people pick their health care and put it back on the
And put it back on the employer not the workers
"However, the citizens of Maine are fucked"
Seriously? You are bragging about support from LePage?? Buwahaha!  There's this ...
Tell your brain dead senator Collins that governer!
He is an embarrassment to our state much like someone else is to our country. Ignorant loud mouths, 2 peas in a pod
Did you have fun talking with that wack-a-do???
Same guy who doesnt want narcan to save Mainers lives
This man never knows what he is talking about
Maine may benefit, but states like California, New York, Oregon & others will be hurt badly!
LePage is an embarrassment to Maine as @realDonaldTrump is an embarrassment to America.
Why read the Wall Street journal? Has he not read the bill ? Can he not tell us from his knowledge??? No. Cos he's a sheep 
Liars! Shame on u!  And u call yourself Christians...not Christlike.  U will be judged.
Does Collins care about her state?
Angus & Susan disagree, and they aren’t being bought
And that's what it's all about Gov LePage!!  As long as we get ours, while tens of millions of non-Maine Americans suffer. Nice!!
Good
You're a disgrace Mr. Vice president
Every American comes out ahead with Gramham Cassidy! Everyone LOSES with OC!
Three times is the charm Mike, you're going to lose again. Are you tired of so much winning yet?
#You'readisgrace
Nobody comes out ahead except for corrupt Gerrymandering Oppression Party politicians. #GrahamCassidy is dead and so is your reign of terror
OMFG...please shut up Race-ist Bannon.
You're not discussing healthcare, you're discussing ways to line your cronies' pockets while the rest of us die.
Sure hope Collins is listening to her Governor.
..
He is another pea brain that is so clueless about what is needed for the American people. Get honest because you know this is so wrong!!
A den of vipers RESIST!!#donaldtrump#NotMyPresident #Resist
This Governor is an idiot
That's not what the sen king says , I believe the sen
More BS
Outside of Maine, 20,000,000 + Americans will lose affordable  HealthCare, go bankrupt, die prematurely or a combination.

Maine has very few people but other states have much bigger population and those states citizens will not come out ahead.
#ImpeachTrumpPence
What a couple of racist, phony con men!  Contribute to society by getting out of politics and selling used cars
Devil's in the details, Paul.  Let's be seeing some as I cannot trust you.
You mean this guy? Question: Do you ever consult with sane people?  http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2015/07/maine-lepage-america-craziest-governor-goes-off-the-rails-120320.html … via @politicomag
Seriously. You keep the worst company.
Maybe LePage will leave Pence a phone message calling him a coc*sucker. LePage has done it before. Only he wouldn't be lying this time!!!
Aca is a disaster
That's a load of bullshit. Shame on you both.
Which special interest group paid him to say that?
