You have turned out to be the worst Senator who got peed on by racist @realDonaldTrump & since have become his lapdog. @CNN @MSNBC @GOP
And the rich get richer! Yay! Screw the poors, amirite?
Booooo
U do great job! A most honest Senator. Please talk to McCain ask him to ignore things Trump said & vote for what's GoodForTheCountry. #MAGA
Doing the emperor's bidding, good boy.
Make sure to mention my golf score. I made sure it was in the budget. #ThanksFriend!

Yea, big deal...you're in the good ole boy GOP club.
SPEAK???? As usual, Congress is all talk and no action for 7 years!
SAD!
Sen Graham As. Resident of SC I am very disappointed that you would agree to make Medicare a VOICHER plan

Can you please look out for those of us who don't have millions of dollars?
Thanks for the warning comrade! #TreasonColaborator #TrumpsGayStooge
No
Yes we know you want to give the 1% tax breaks so u keep those campaign donations rollimg in. Have a blast.
You have really drank the Kool aid. Cutting head start, Medicaid, pre school $ is NOT a good thing. You gonna write a personal check to S.C.
No thanks
Yay , how did you arrive at those numbers ? You didn’t, I can’t so we can listen to the right Sen Dems & Rep crunch # for us
We are in favor of tax reform but not tax cuts for the wealthy or corporations.  They don't need a tax cut they have plenty of money. I guess you take your orders from the Koch brothers.
The Mercers.
The Mercers bankroll Bannon.
Ah, ugh.
You make me ashamed to live in South Carolina and no I’m not gonna move I’ll just continue to fight for my freedoms and liberties
Just know,  that like your buddy John McCain said your support for agent orange will land you on the ash heap of history
My dad was Vietnam vet & the cancer he died of was directly linked to Agent Orange exposure. My mom got $1200/mo from VA as restitution. 
Breaks. You meant tax breaks.
You are like a little child, "Look at me, look at me!"
SELLOUT $$$$$$$$$$
Why aren't you pushing for a #CleanDreamAct?  For #HelpPuertoRico? For TRUTH on #Niger?  #TrumpTaxScam is NOT ok-not good for SC & u know it
SHAME SHAME SHAME!
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Lindsey, unlike your associate, Mr. McCain, you seem to finally see what conservatives have in DJT! Keep it up!
Go home
Your job is to get those colleagues of your on board! There not sure what side of the aisle they sit
Thank you Mr. Graham
Ohh good for you!
$ for you rich guys
Do you even notice your support is almost 0 right now?
And you @LindseyGrahamSC support a sexual predator who denigrates the wife of a fallen hero.   Shame on you
Can you talk about funding renewable energy, cutting subsidies to fossil fuels, for.profit prisons, and large agri-business? Can you mention funding infrastructure, disaster victims, healthcare for all?
GOP budget cuts Medicare to fund tax cuts for rich.
I can't wait for the republicans to hold seven Niger investigations.

Your budget takes money from Medicaid and gives it to the rich in tax cuts.
gop defunded education decades ago cause it’s easy to fool the uninformed. makes ur job easier, huh?
Can't you let others have a say?  Why are you involved in everything?  Makes me think something shady is going on.
#Complicit party over people
No one believes you anymore
I am ashamed of all of you who want to line your own and your donors' pockets at the expense of the middle. You're better than that.
You talking about the tax cuts that continue to transfer wealth to 1% and drive up the deficit on backs of poor people? That "reform"?
And how well Trump plays golf! Get them Lindsey boy!
This is not reform. This is a deficit exploding plan to hurt the least of these and pad the pockets of the rich
Hope you’ve studied up on the #KansasExperiment and the results of #TrickleDown
heard there are cuts to Medicare. Thank you so much.
big deficits and cuts for the rich. Bad deal
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Listen to President Bush---it is your turn #doitforjohn
Who cares?
and impeachment, right?
Look us, the 95% of Americans who AREN'T Millionaire$, and Swear Upon Your HONOR that a MAJORITY of $$ DOESN'T go to the already-wealthy.
Make sure the rich get all the breaks and benefits
That's tax breaks for you and the Rich!
Get your lies ready, Lindsey.
Watch Lindsey's greed, live on TV. Watch him lie to America, cater to the rich and screw the middle class. #NoRespect #GOPGreed #GOPLiars
Translated: About to lie on the Senate floor about the GOP budget & tax reform where we rob from the mid/lower to give to the rich!
Don't fall for the old trickle down theory that triggered the last two recessions.
Try to remember the peons not just donors
Nobody cares. Your credibility is shot.
You have no credibility anymore! Sold yourself to the devil! Enjoy golfing while millions lose healthcare & rich get MORE tax breaks!
I used to think @LindseyGraham was a decent man. I was wrong. Trump pimp you out on the golf course. Cheap lay it  take only a round of golf
The BS train is burning a lot of coal today
Why are you on the side of hurting millions of Americans.  I thought you were a decent person. But your actions are a liability not an asset
Please go away. I used to have respect for you. You are complicit w/Trump. A liar. A deceitful, irresponsible, reckless con-man. Dangerous.
Good timing! What @nielslesniewski and I podcasted about on the @rollcall Big Story:
#NoOnePenny NO TAX CUTS FOR RICH
What about cost sharing subsidies? You guys have money and are insured. Sickness causes much anxiety. Help relieve that for the people.
Sit down sir.
tax reform for the wealthy. Tax reform for your wealthy donors. Promises kept Sen Graham?
Stand up for us. No more of this hateful agenda. This will hurt the middle class.
Stop saying "reform" ... it's tax cuts for the rich
but just no cuts in their subsidies?
Wake up and listen to the popular majority
The give away for the rich you're calling "tax reform"? Please you and @SenatorTimScott both should step down for ethics violations.
Get it done Mr. Graham
Don’t lie
Tax cuts for your donors. Do you really think Americans are that stupid
If you can't defend your long-time friend John McCain from the serial bully in the White House you should be ashamed. Call Trump out!
Have you heard that trickle down economics is proven not to work? Like, never. Also, see Kansas.
It isn’t tax reform. Tax cuts for you and those like you. Raising taxes on everyone who makes less than 250,000.
You mean the wealthy give away. 1.5 trillion more debt. This is so wrong and you know it.
No thanks. I'll research the bill through credible sources instead of listening to half-truths and strategic omissions. #TaxReform
There's a crazy person in the White House.
When will u take on #ECPOTUS for not implementing Congressional #RussianSanctions bill? We Americans want to know. Cc: @SenJohnMcCain

If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
Seems like a bad deal since we lose healthcare too?
The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
Tax reform for the rich like you, you mean?  Dems will never allow it.
"Tax cuts for the wealthy and big biz"

is what those of us that have read it call the tax reform framework

Deduction cuts for middle class
Lyndsay, you know this is bullshit. You wouldn't be using reconciliation if you actually had a bipartisan tax plan.
Where is your dignity
After thay, can you stop your new golf buddy from getting Seoul destroyed?
Still going with the middle class will pay they just don't know it? #fakemath  all about the 1%  you are an embarrassment to your State
Busy being traitorous.
Another Trump #GOP toeing the line pushing the #TaxScam. Golf must've been bigly fantastic
You are a sellout-no one will forget.
Tax break for middle, not for owners and donors. Middle class spending creates demand and jobs. Tax cuts for donors equals stagnation.

If you support that garbage, there is someting wrong with you.
Booooooooo
Please watch... Epic
Why don’t you talk about how fucking shitty your president is?
Trumps, Kochs, Mercers, Waltons, et all millionaires and billionaires gifted repeal of Estate Tax and AMT. This is unacceptable and so are U
Kissie for Trump
yawn
. On CSPAN 2 if  blabbering Tim Kaine ever sits down.
I'm sure the top 1% is thrilled. Tax cuts for the rich! Yay!
totally disagree with this plan.  Taking away billions from Medicare and Medicaid to enrich the wealthy 1% is criminal. @senrobportman
Yay. Another way for you hypocrites to destroy our economy.

Con man
Trump must have some dirt on Graham.

Are you kneeling for Trump?  One way or another?

