You promised better healthcare for the citizens, but this new bill only benefits rich donors and big pharma. Ashamed to have you as my Sen.
And don't tell me we can't afford health care for all, but can afford a tripled defense budget- already bigger than any other country.
I used to respect you, but now you can say goodbye to my vote in any future elections. #healthcare
Their deaths will be on your hands. God remembers.
Sir you are a disappointment to the country. So sad.
First do no harm!
EVIL deal-making to win R votes
 (taking $ from PEOPLE in blue states and giving to red states)
Are you asking your buddy John McCain to choose between:
This is idiot logic.
Doing less than nothing is a worst option! You are trying to do harm.

 - a Medical Oncologist
Y'all really want that Koch money. How much is your cut?
Ridiculous!  This bill is as bad if not worse then the bills that were rejected by the American People.  You represent people not business
You are a far bigger failure than the ACA could ever be. #ChokeOnYourOwnBullshitAndDie
Basically you're in full capitulation to a corrupt President determined not to fulfill his duty to uphold the law. That makes you complicit.
Where have you & your fellow Republicans hidden your honor? Under what circumstances could you be convinced to accept the truth? Shame!
What a horrible man...Do you even care???

If these employers shouldn't pay - who should?

Then fix the ACA. Don't saddle Americans with this bill that's so terrible you won't even wait for a CBO score before the vote. #killthebill
Everything has a time and your time is over!
So your logic is healthcare costs money and that's unsustainable so people need to die?   Money vs death?  I'll pick money.
You are sabotaging the ACA!! SO Cruel!
I can't imagine what u r thinking, Senator?!!
This bill is an atrocity to Americans & healthcare workers! Leave ACA alone for love of God!
Senator if your bill is so good do you and family pledge to use insurance from this bill or will you keep current insurance
It's in trouble because the leader of your party has sabotaged it, so you think we should agree that repealing it is a good idea. Get real!
There's no sabotage. Obama and Gruber never intended for ACA to succeed - you know they lied.
No, that's simply not correct.In terms of health care for uninsured Americans, it's been very successful.That bothers some people,mostly R's
Successful only among those who don't have to pay. Premiums & deductibles unaffordable to those who must pay.
Yes, if you don't get subsidy, insurance is expensive. That's because health care is expensive. Pols don't want to deal with that.
Wow. Hope John McCain realizes that you put muscle before conscience. Shoving this bill down our throats is contemptible.
Text RESIST to 50409 super simple, with your ZIP Code you will be able to text your representative
I am a dem butU! Moderation & generous kindness NO to #grahamcassidy
Causing harm to your fellow citizens is NOT the answer. Disgraceful.
You're aware you sicken the majority of Americans, yes?
This plan is meant to hurt America not thought out but whatever sticks. When folks lives are hanging in the balance shouldn't play politics.
When hospitals closed down paramedics traveled 20 miles to nearest medical facility,lives that could've been saved were lost. Fix ACA.
When rich people have health coverage it's easy to sit around and decide what's  best for folks who can't afford health insurance. Dr.NSEL.
So instead of fixing any issues, just send the industry into a death spiral. Your bill, in technical terms, sucks.
No. How do you sleep at night pushing this evil legislation?
Just when I thought I respected you.

This bill is terrible for everyone except insurance companies and you know it.
$$$$$$$$$$$
You are a disgusting person
Screw you, Lindsey! WTH do you think you are doing?! I will remember who effed up my special needs child's health and future! @gop #LastTerm
Shame on You! You will be held responsible for letting people die. Let that sink in Senator Graham.
For a minute, I kind of liked you.  But, no, your stock just pummeled.  What is wrong with you?
Do not blow up 1/5 of the economy and remove coverage from millions, and Medicaid from nursing home residents for Koch $$. We see you GOP.
This is an issue manufactured by the GOP; by Trump, and years of refusing to do right by your constituents. And now, you want to do worse?
This bill slashes funding, punitively moves funding to states that didn't expand medicare, and kills protections for the sick.
It will raise premiums for millions, likely throw millions more off insurance entirely, and even put employer-covered people at risk.
It is aggressively opposed by every organization that specializes in healthcare, including @AARP, @AmerMedicalAssn, @MarchofDimes, ...
so you can take healthcare from millions of Americans - especially women and children. Yet, amazingly, still cover viagra.
You are nothing but a traitor in disguise, shameful so called rep of the ppl! #VoteThemOut #VoteThemOut #VoteThemOut #VoteThemOut
Keep on trying
Our insurance system is set-up as employer based. If you don't like that this monstrosity isn't the answer. Perhaps look into #Medicare4All
Man, I used to at least respect you  @LindseyGrahamSC even though I  disagree with you  ideologically on some things, but this is wrong.
You're a killer, Senator Graham & in enabling this you're going down for it.
YOU'VE lost your damn mind. This bill is a dog. and it will rip more people off health care than it helps. your ideas are antiquated.
SC needs to retire  this old closet queen for thinking they are all stupid! 2017.
Letting people die because they're not wealthy is medieval.
Why are you lying to the American people and your colleagues @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins https://t.co/0OmjRKv1GU?amp=1
If you don't want burden on businesses, give us Medicare for All! That way all biz off the hook & no waste $ to useless insurance companies.
How do you live with yourself, proposing a bill that will do so much harm?
@linseygraham you are a murderer and with @BillCassidy you have become a serial killer!! RESIGN NOW!!
You will lose your sit in congress in 2018
You will lost your sit in congress in 2018
You lost so much credibility with this hack of a bill. Its terrible you should be ashamed for even peddling this at all. #GOPOutOfTouch
It is appalling that you call yourself a Christian; ask yourself how Christ would vote, not to throw millions off of care I bet!
If your car has problems, Why is blowing up the car & hurting innocent bystanders a better choice than repairing the car's problems? #fixACA
What you meant to say is that the Koch Brothers won't give you money unless you kick Americans off their insurance.
No, this is evil. Your lack of compassion for people in need is morally and ethically wrong. Shame senator for putting party before people.
#KillTheBill And then get the hell out of DC.
Thanks for enabling the man baby who is the president to do this, you complicit, impotent pathetic excuse of a politician.
Bish, plz! We know #GOP donors gotcha by the short curlies!
Wonder no more. The Koch donor network will give GOP $400M for 2018 *only if ACA is repealed* & tax reform passes https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform …
Kimmel explained u and Cassidy's CRAP healthcare.   No. Do btr or get out
An eye for an eye
You're a monster.  Luckily, you never have to worry about this bill potentially saving you and your families lives
I have loved,respected  you,Lindsay Graham-for the first time, I see you turning your back on the people who trusted you.
Evertime I start to respect you, you disappoint me all over again. Where's McCain?🖒..
Shame on you, @LindseyGrahamSC.  Millions of American people depend on ACA. How do you sleep at night?
I am one of your constituents...your plan is wrong on so many levels, I ask you to dig deep for empathy and put this to rest!
Admin will not "bail out the exchange." It's NOT BAILING OUT THE EXCHANGE, it is simply PAYING THE LAW'S BILL. So tired of the slant, guys.
So the reason the ACA is failing is because the administration fails to honor commitments.  Your bill betrays the American people.  Shame.
Your sub human. No one will vote for you.  Your seriously don't believe it's just Democrats bitching.

#GreatReads: The staggering hypocrisy of Bill Cassidy and Lindsey Graham: http://bit.ly/2xkjGXg  @mattyglesias 
What are you grinning about, nitwit? You had seven years to solve healthcare.
LIAR!!!! #GrahamCassidy  #GrahamCassidyBill
You are sentencing my loved ones to death by eliminating pre-existing condition coverage. To hell with you and the Fascist GOP.

My letter to @BillCassidy explaining how his bill uniquely and disproportionally hurts his home state of Louisiana. 

My letter to @BillCassidy explaining how his bill uniquely and disproportionally hurts his home state of Louisiana. 

My letter to @BillCassidy explaining how his bill uniquely and disproportionally hurts his home state of Louisiana. 
Oops, you got the quote wrong.  It's "Do no harm".
Repeal&Replace 45 & his entire corrupted administration & ryan & mcconnell & their corrupt GOP followers who seek 2pass this deathcare bill!

Top Louisiana health official rips Louisiana Republican: Your ObamaCare repeal bill hurts our state http://hill.cm/F2PMOFt  
Idiot
So the president fucks us and to fix that you have to fuck us FURTHER?
You are a vile monster!  Millions of Americans will be impacted! Shame on You!!! My adult disabled son and elderly parents rely on Medicaid!
BUT, so many health orgs oppose this...care to explain? 
If it's so great, it should apply to everyone in Congress.
You need to fix what's broken in the current system, not destroy it. You will - literally - kill my wife with the surcharges in this bill.
You're really an awful, spiteful, hateful, compromised, corrupt little old man.
Letting insurers again put lifetime limits on coverage? NO.
Taking away protections & access to quality healthcare for those with pre-existing conditions? NO.
An age tax on those 50+ who are already paying highest premiums so businesses can pay less & you can cut taxes for the wealthy? NO.
Liar.
Attempted mass murder.
Guess those employers aren't the American Heart Assoc., American Cancer Society + 14 other advocacy groups that came out against it today.
You don't seem to understand how insurance works...the more people who have insurance the lower the premiums...the mandate helps with this.
you would eviscerate pre-existing conditions protections. You should be ashamed.
The bill is just more Republican BS to remove a healthcare benefit
INCORRECT. Your bill is going to HURT PEOPLE. Stop mucking about and IMPEACH
BS! This new health care proposal is an insurance industry initiative - they're looking for a back door bailout of continued subsidies.
H.R. 3354 stops the IRS from implementing an individual insurance mandate on the American people. Why can't you do that w/employer mandate?
The GOP is uncaring and will kill people especially the poor and those with pre-conditions. All this to provide a tax reduction for the 1%.
Yet another reason we should NOT pass this disgusting attempt to destroy healthcare for all citizens except the 1% GOP=EVIL for US citizens!
This is the worst plan yet.  It allows insurers to increase prices, at any time, if you become sick at the precise moment you need insurance
How about costs and protections for the lower and middle class and those with disabilities!!!
Stop trying to steal our healthcare sir. And get rid of white supremacy in the white house, congress, and Senate.  Can u do that?
How about medicare for all like the rest of the world so US workers can compete globally?!
Are you kidding with this health care bill. Retire
Your disgusting act of compassion is not accepted. Fix the ACA and not strip health care from millions.

Where is the CBO score?
Fix it don't destroy it, #DoYourJob
Carte Blanche for the insurance industry, who are your real owners.
It's never about the people always business with the @GOP
You are not fooling anybody FOOL

I agree with my friend @SenJohnMcCain: a sustainable solution to healthcare requires a bipartisan solution & regular order. 
Please do not let Mr McCain destroy the Tax Cuts Plan we need badly - Thanks !!!
Yes do healthcare. BUT Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the FRIGGIN wall!!!!!!!!!
NO!!!!!  #GrahamCassidy bad piece of legislation.
This is not government working for the people.
That's not how this is supposed to work.
Hearings with debate!!  Are you going to destroy people in order to reach some crazy 2-week deadline?
Your Sick #trumpcare
Single payer would fix this mess. ACA is not affordable for many Americans and this is bill is just evil. 
#SinglePayer
A small list of things that won't be covered under this bill. @LindseyGrahamSC is covered so he doesn't care about you. Really, he doesn't
Why are you lying?
No, the only way forward is to join the 20th century and provide #healthcare4all, not just goldplated care for US congress! #medicare4all!
@LindseyGrahamSC Sir this is the WORST BILL YET. I was just starting to respect you, but you're backing Trump AGAIN, why? you want TAX CUTS!
How dare you turn your backs on US citizens and cuddle up to Trump again, when you'll lose your job if you vote for this TAX-CUT BILL!!#LIAR
Why? Why would you do this?   You are trying to hurt people, not help.  I will never live long enough to understand the cruelty of Repubs.
Why are you so hell bent on taking away my health care?  I'll do anything to help get YOU repealed.
Man take this bill and ram it up your you know what hope you are up for re election because you needs to be gone

you evil scumbag
No.
Shameful, Senator.  For every step forward, you take ten back.
Your actions are immoral & callous & reflect the Rep. Party's lack of concern for struggling families. Stress you r inflicting is heartless.
Why do you hate the American people?
https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fthinkprogress.org%2Ftrumpcares-back-and-now-it-will-let-insurers-jack-up-premiums-as-soon-as-you-get-sick-38fff5001bf9%2F&h=ATNngfNBRTpi_ojRoNoLl0akSHg_iepIzgcWqT2cKE1nuel10KoqUtr0N-oVqWtbFzF90FlACC_1NXKk_9lXRPVuPiy1-0BdM4pi4oxLthyY&s=1&enc=AZPf0kGYyDlUeWHvpmogeEcem3zv9_U965tnPztHWduIJheTWyTl206lboCtzFinHMvqwr9SadNldI6EjS9l7o3do_28YTCRqQKr2DhSLL5_XQ … #InsuranceForAll #NoTaxBreaksForTheWealthy #LindseyGrahamSwampDweller
What a sad, angry, ineffectual little man.
Here we go again the left: people are going to die and starve blah blah blah!
Stop hurting Americans
Blue states want free free that's not the way it works and now California wants to give free healthcare to illegals
ACA works only for those that don't! Please repeal and help the middle class 
I've had to pay this mandate year after year Obamacare was never meant to help working middle class 
WTF GRAHAM. LET IT GO. NO ONE WANTS THIS.
Stop. Just stop.
Sometimes you are really disappointing.
Hell no!
There are major problems looming for our country because you brought a psychopath into our White House.  Deal with THAT.
By voting yes on this deathbill you show you are complicit with killing people by providing substandard HC. VOTE NO!
Campaign donors tightening the screws on GOP?   Why would they care about sick people 
No no.   AGAIN the GOP is trying to hurt people.   There will be a lot of unnecessary  deaths-  all on you.
All respect for you is lost. Chaos created by the GOP and Trump. Shame on you, Senator. Your legacy is greatly tarnished.
Go fuck yourself, you ghoulish prick
Are you out of your fucking mind Lindsey? This is what you want hanging over you aaa your legacy?
Who needs the mob when we've got you?
Basically u are giving the middle finger to Americans. Fix ACA or better still time for single payer system. From a republican sick of crap
You low life Republican bastards have CAUSED the collapse of the exchange/markets!
This will be YOUR defining legacy to hurt Americans!
Low!
Just leave Obama care alone and start looking you your loser of a president
How about Medicare for all Americans!

Pass this bill and kill millions just to put money in your own pocket!
