.@LindseyGrahamSC met with @DCSO_SC Major Tony Phinney & @NCPD Deputy Chief Scott Deckard today. #ThankAnOfficer #lowcountry 
you sold out our children.
I need to hear from you the secret love between trump and Putin not to representing foxnews
I respected you Until Devos. One more Republican bought by big money. You disgust me. Way to screw over our most needy 
they look like pricks
How about protecting our children? Won't forget your vote on this confirmation.
they protect kids more than you do. Was that donation from Devos worth it
and what about the people they kill
You going to be in on destroying an unnamed senator's career too? You Republicans have sold your souls! We won't forget!
Breaking News: Lindseypoo wusses out again! Apparently, you care more about toeing the GOP line than kids in this country.
your are an embarrassment to this state and country.
We will vote you out of office next go around. #AllChildrenLeftBehind #noDevos
Appreciate Senator Graham always supporting law enforcement. Thank you la enforcement for protecting us.
.  We were counting on you to stand up for children as one of the few GOP Senators with a moral compass. So disappointing.
Good thing, since our murder rate is at a 45 year high. #alternativefacts
After today I've come to the conclusion that all republicans are corrupt and can't be trusted. Even u
Agree. As a SC homeowner, I was starting to like him. This vote is unconscionable.
THEY protect us but YOU deny protection to students from an incompetent who won't enforce IDEA or Title IX. #2021
I kind of liked you but after #devos no more. You let down our kids and our future. Shame on you.
how dare you talk about community. You just threw our kids under the bus. Shame!
disappointed in you on the DeVos vote. Poor kids lost today and it's on you #shameonyou #partyfirstAmericansnotatall
Shame on you on Devos! #CountryOverParty
- you failed to display spine today - your DeVos vote did it!
Are you going to get them Russian lessons?
Totally shameful. And here I thought you might be a leader who would stand up to Trump and payoff politics. Shame, sir.
Yay, cops and FU, teachers. What a day you've had today! #spineless #shame
SHAME on you selling America's children to the highest bidder
@taylor_reidy @DCSO_SC @NCPD tough talk 4 cameras each week. Same on you once again. you r sad. So sad #DeVos
@taylor_reidy @DCSO_SC @NCPD But Senator DeVos! Sad day
no gas hike, we need dept of transportation  investigation
so disappointed in your vote for DeVos. It was a vote against education and teachers and for special interests
Thanks for not caring about our kids or country or integrity or life. You Repubs suck.
You sold our kids out, we won't forget
today once again senator Graham has made it clear that he does not support the people's choice, President Trump
What about you Senator? Are you protecting Communities, States and our Constitution??
did they buy
we won't forget that you voted against our kids, senator. Shameful!
what a busy day for you! Meeting people and voting to destroy public education in America.
Thanks for voting yes on the least qualified candidate ever for Sec of Ed in @BetsyDeVos
We're ashamed of you, sir. Once again you have shown that money matters more to you than the children of this country.
You don't care about anyone in SC so stop pretending. You're a sellout and will be voted out next round. #noDevos
Coward. $$$ over our kids. Shame on you.
Just when I thought you had a pair for standing up to Trump, you confirm Devos. Respect - gone.
Thank you Sen for voting #yestodevos. We taking our country back! #GOPFOREVER  #drainingtheswamp
SHAME on you for voting DeVos. $$$ over kids. Disgusting
Shame on you, voting for the total destruction of our public education system. I had respect for you w 45 opposition. GONE!
SHAME on you for voting for #Devos!  we will remember at the voting booth!
You sold out for failing to vote down devos- you know deep down she's incompetent. GOP has no soul. Voters losing faith!
You just put another incompetent and damaging person in a position of power. Thanks, Lindsey.
Thought you actually cared about children and their right to a quality education. You failed a nation of children.
Can you explain your acceptance of Soros campaign donations? Are you also a paid "rioter" putting up obstacles for @POTUS?
i promise you with everything we are @justicedems will make sure you are unemployed next election.
I'll volunteer to campaign for the opposition in the lowcountry. We need someone who cares.
The DeVos confirmation is a great disappointment. You know in your heart she is definitely not qualified.
How can anyone be this wilfully obtuse? You've embarrassed us today.
shame on you for voting for DeVos. Country before party ! Children before party!
Senator you get an F today for voting yes on DeVos
While you're in SC, when are you going to meet with your constituents? #TownHall
Only one explanation how @SenateGOP can be foiled into the "Love of Power" supporting @potus.
Got educated by @BetsyDeVos
Why are you colluding with the Trump administration? Typical spineless Republican. Trump owns you like the little B you are

Shane on you Graham for not standing up for our kids. When will GOP put people & planet over profits?
wish you would support the children and teachers of SC but you sold them out shame on you
thanks for confirming politicians dont care what we think. #draintheswamp
Thank you for standing with #lawofficers as well as the new cabinet nominees.#Moveahead #Conservativevalues
you have betrayed the millions of children who depend on the public education system. Shame on you!
you are a disappointment!!
I am a democrat that thought you had a heart. Your vote on DeVos is unimaginable. Why did you sell out our kids?
how are you standing up without a spine?
How dare you talk about community when you sell America's children to a billionaire for party politics. You anarchist fool.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Shame on you, and your GOP Senate colleagues, for voting to confirm Betsy DeVos as Ed Sec. #BatShitCrazy
where is your spine sir #traitor
you buckled man. DeVos/trump purchased you. remember that.
wepl said mam
Please stand up to this insane, lying madman in the WH.  The country is in peril.
You gonna help your boss @potus go after State Reps who upset sherriffs in SC like he promised to do in Texas???
thanks to law enforcement, indeed! Sad that our education system didn't have the protection it needed today #boughtbybetsy
you let the nation down today with your vote. #devos
from an European point of view; you are one of the few honorable republicans left. Have such huge respect for you
I wish you had protected our kids' educations and opposed DeVos. Instead you ignored 1000s of bipartisan constituent voices
@taylor_reidy Too bad they couldn’t protect our children’s education.
- So disappointed in you.
You should be ashamed of yourself. DeVos straight up bought her nomination from the GOP.
what about protecting our kids? you gave them devos.
