Now. Fix it now. Do your hc plan - give it to govs.
You've already been horse-whipped twice regarding a health care bill; how about we move on to something else??...
I think the danger is that if they can't get their shit together to repeal Obamacare, then they won't on tax reform either.
They won't get it done because too many of them are just Democrats in GOP suits! They have no intention of repealing Obamacare, never have!
Same reason people keep voting on do nothing pandering Democrats who have done nothing good for them in the last 50 years!

Personally I want most of you tarred feathered and ran out of DC
Perhaps because those investigations ALREADY OCURRED & WERE CONCLUDED? And FYI, our president (I understand your incredulity) is Mr. Trump.
Republicans should be horse whipped for screwing it up first, then we can talk Lindsey
I beg u 2 get legislation passed with Pres Trump lest we lose both houses of Congress in 2018.  We have NOTHING 2 show for 2017!
AGREED!

CAN WE TAKE U LITERALLY?
More lies from Lindsey Graham folks.
I gotta feeling Lindsay is fantasizing
Nah. #GOP sens, with a few exceptions, will be horse-whipped out of office soon for beating this dead horse.
Okay!!! The line is forming on the right.
U r correct on t horse whipped! U all should b ashamed 2 piss in the face of Americans! U all have lost ur honor. Shameful! Really shameful!
You try to talk tough so you won't sound so sissy, but unfortunately it's not working!
@LindseyGrahamSC  Tell that to your bro Sen. McCain. #REPEALorBeREPLACED
Lol..MAGAt s got shafted .the people spoke.
Why do I think u & ur comrade McCain would enjoy this...Disgraceful.  U have lost ur way Mr Graham.  Is this what defeat compels u to.
You need to be politically horsewhipped for  being a RINO. Stop masquerading as a Republican.
Fox and Friends and Republicans are plotting to take away my family's health insurance.  You people are filth.  Putin lovers.
how dare you speak when you saved obamacare knowing it was screwing the middle class with sky high premiums.People paid the penalty on taxes
Coward! Give up your healthcare so your family goes without
Fix what's wrong. Don't screw us in the process or give yourself and the other elite more tax cuts. How about u guys pay ur share in taxes
Where have you been for the past 7 years? Always excuses from you with no results from the Senate.
RINO hack!!!!
Agree but worse than being horse whipped is not to get reelected.  We the people dont forget.
Typical rethuglican making the rounds taking with no real solution.
U should b whipped for trying to backdoor that skinny bill u MAGAt
Then get off your but and do your job,while you still have it
Sen Lindsey Graham...a " Wolf" in sheep's clothing.
What happened to the moral Republicans?  Did they all die out during the Reagan years when greed became a hot commodity?
This idea will not work without strong controls to prevent racist, sexist and religious limits to keep people from the health care they want
let Obama care explode ....Lindsey  to put an end to your Treasonous acts and waste of the taxpayers money.
U will be
So you're in favor of strengthening ACA and transitioning to a single-payer system?
Intetesting 
Already heading for the barn door! We've had enough of obstruction from our own party! Get to work and stop the posturing!
NO HEATHCARE FOR CONGRESS UNTIL ALL AMERICANS ARE COVERED!
Any and all Senators who fail to 100% Repeal and Replace WILL BE VOTED OUT.  Honor your promises  or we WILL elect new blood who will.
@realDonaldTrump TERM AND AGE LIMITS!! WHEN DO WE WANT IT, NOW!! HELP US Mr. President! Take away their insurance! Make 'em Work or get out!
Y'all should be horse whipped anyway!! Time for y'all to DO YOUR JOB OR GET OUT!
A literal horse whipping is better for results never heard of a political horse whipping, only some one with no ties to reality suggest that
Feel it's time to retire this stale old thought process. Feel we need to Repeal & Replace these Career Politicans. Look u in the eye & BS u?

Don't stay a member of the obstructionists!! Be smarter than you have been
First thing he's said in months that I agree with
Work w/ the Dems to fix what you've broken.
Lindsey needs to go. Term limits.  Get out.
No- we don't trust SC/McMaster with healthcare....AT ALL!  We know his history with the ACA!
Why didn't Graham tell this to his butt buddy McCain?
Isn't irony special?
@LindseyGrahamSC Lets talk about getting Trump out of office. Man up
Oh... you definitely getting whipped
You fascists should be horse-whipped anyway, especially when you try to force millions out, and fail yet again. I'd gladly wield the whip.
Okay!
Horsewhip if you fail to follow Sen John and go Regular Order!
What the hell is wrong with you, man? Move on to something important, like impeaching Trump.
You should get voted out. We are tired of you
I am becoming disillusioned with Republicans --- but not Trump.  Come on guys toughen up.  Democrats will everytime . MEGA!
Get rid of him!!
First, get Trump to stop sabotaging it, please
your against every thing republicans come up with and support the democrats plan.While 400 million have no insurance premiums doubled
Senator Graham you said it & I agree, except should do more than try must get results or I'm sure the party will be politically horsewhipped
Thanks for the invitation senator Graham, let me know when it is convenient for you and I'll be up there with the horse whip.
Lindsey you finally said something taht I can agree with
Not with your healthcare plan. #resist
YOUR FIX IS NOT A FIX IT IS OBAMACARE LITE.  DEMOCRAPS WILL LOVE IT?
Exactly. fix it don't sabotage it. Looks like Dem AGs are taking care of this.
Graham is one of the RINO's that need to be horse-whipped and replaced with a real Republican!
Not usually a fan of Graham but I do like his plan & any Republican that doesn't can't call themselves small g'vmnt Republican.
You should (and would prob get off on it) be whipped period!
Hypocrite
You should be whipped and ridden out on a rail, RINO! Term Limits!
Who ever voted you into office should be horse whipped
it's ridiculous that GOP with 3 way control has been so ineffective, dems are one thing, but GOP is supposed to be for country and citizens
Should be anyway.
You worried about your job aren't you? You should be. Useless RINO.
Agree with the Senator

Looking forward to serving alongside John Kelly as we work for the American people. General Kelly is a true American hero. 
https://twitter.com/waltshaub/status/892335816214802432 …

Trump's lawyer repeatedly denied that Trump was involved in this. Why lie abt something if you have nothing to hide?
https://twitter.com/Evan_Rosenfeld/status/892172525894983680 …
A few of you should be horse-whipped regardless!!!
You should be politically horse whipped anyway.  We are way tired of your weaselly ways.
Yes FIX it. You don't have to and obviously can't repeal or replace it. Bipartisan effort will work if you want it to. Listen to AZ Senators
@LindseyGrahamSC Lindsey once again turning ur back to the people to drive agenda that only benefits special interest & 1%!
We need a lot more than 140 characters to list all the reasons you're going to get crushed politically.
You all should be horse whipped if you take away the ACA. Fix it. Don't reinvent the wheel.
The horsewhipping would be less painful for us all
Yes, the ACA needs fixing, but not by Graham/Cassidy. That's not fixing. That's destroying.
Wrong in Maine too:
PLAN SUCKS LINDSEY IS A DEMOCRAP HYPOCRITE
Talk to your buddy McCain
You don't fix it by killing it, Graham.
The entire @GOP SHOULD and WILL be politically horsewhipped for hiring @realDonaldTrump.
Alaska went for Trump. But check this out:
We're ready to do that.
Do it with bipartisan support
L Graham always willing to take a beating when no one around to administer it
Typical comments from some one who has plenty of $$ and health care you have had 7 years and some one suggested you should form committees?
Try fixing it instead of repealing it.
Don't ask the right questions of Graham just to get him to come back on your show Fox News what are you so afraid of, of Graham it's trump
Time to vote this idiot out but we need to rid of Obamacare
Totally agree with @LindseyGrahamSC .  He should be horse whipped.  Just sayin...... #Maga
Illegals will be Grahams down fall
What are you waiting on?
Shut ur pie hole telling pres who he can an cant fire on his staff that the .01% you got and chew on it u & McCain r what is wrong with rep
Then vote for Medicare for all, including you.  Allow Medicare to negotiate drug prices.  End the hypocrisy!
You should be horse whipped for suggesting that millions of North Koreans be preemptively killed.
Depraved.
No to be horse whipped because we have voted for your sorry caucus the last 40 an we are done let the dems do whatever since u do nothing
Mr. Graham should be talking to his establishment elite buddies. They are causing this mess. They are anti- @realDonaldTrump
Fixing yes--destroying, no.
Better than horse whipped, let's enact election reform that allows more than just two party candidates who accomplish nothing for US!
#ForeverGIBill this is what you need to be doing. Pass before recess.
@FIX THE CIRCUS CLOWN WE HAVE AS PRESIDENT
Wow.. desperate to help the rich, eh?
"fix" or 'dismantle'?
He should be horse whipped anyway! Any his buddy John McCain too!
@LindseyGrahamSC Then work with Dems to fix ACA instead of starting from scratch! Put nation ahead of party! #MedicaidForAll
True and you will be   The middle class is tired of the swamp
Fix It 4 the betterment of All Americans not 4 more tax cuts 4 the wealthy! Voting YAY 4 another disgraceful healthcare bill #shameonyou
Just go across the isle and fix because America grows weary of your B.S.
If you try again, the American people are going to want to horse whip you for real. With repeats for each failed attempt.
FIX/improve the ACA. Do NOT throw the baby out with the bathwater. Millions are counting on you.
NO NO NO you need work with Democratics - Russian scam artists
Might mess up Jeff Flake's mane and tail....
Be assured. @GOP will be politically horsewhipped 4 giving us the MOST historically corrupt, inept, dysfunctional president EVER!
"Horse Whipped" go back to "BrokeBack Ranch Lindsey and take care of your buttie Johnny McCain, he's ill now.
Then sit down w/the dems, w/good food to share, play "We Can Work it Out" by the Beatles and don't come out till you come up w/something!
Politics is like retail - it's all about the bottom line. Not about the service!
Maybe try actually fixing the issues with ACA instead of rushing to fulfill an unrealistic promise to your base. Governing, not pandering.
You should be horsewhipped for scheming to take away healthcare from millions of Americans!
The congress has extra Cadillac healthcare. So they are not motivated to really work on hcare. Remove congressional Cadillac hcare.
@LindseyGrahamSC -you need to just stop...you're an embarrassment
Maybe you can actually try to fix it not just strip it and give tax breaks?
I don't like your plan!
Don't you worry, my little blue bonnet. Don't you worry one bit
No, you should be political horse-whipped for doing such a lousy job representing constituents.
Go for it!  This time find a bigger sword to fall on.
Talk to John McCain
&
Susan Collins
Lisa murkowski
But you don't want to fix it, you want to repeal and replace it! @SenJohnMcCain must be so upset with you!
Ughhhhh I'm over it 
Lucky you, you forced all of us to PAY for Ocare
You had how many years ???
Hey Linds,it is about time the Government fixed whatever is broken here!!!TIME is RUNNING OUT!!!panDora,MY MONEY!!!
You can try again.....it just has to be bipartisan.
That should be happening just for being so spineless against the liar in chief. GOP are enablers to the demise of credibility of government.
Man, this guy loves being on television, doesn't he?
Again? That was a removal, not a fix. If hospitals don't have a price list, that's not free market.
Preach!
You told SC constituents the skinny bill didn't fix healthcare yet you voted for it. Your words ring hollow @LindseyGrahamSC
Thanks but "we should be voted out..." is better- enough with the horse-whipping and violence already.
How about work on the current bi partisan effort? That's what's right for the American people
This is a politician, I find I have no real trust in any in DC with exception to those at white house.
You should all be horsewhipped.
You are all a bunch of self serving,  pandering, liars.
In not her words, typical politician.
this guy's a joke, did he propose that to congress? or is he just talking out of his ass, as usual
First truthful thing you've said yes you should be horsewhipped for always going against the American people
All talk, no action. The Republicans have had 7 years to prepare a better healthcare package for Americans. Start by repealing Obamacare!
Yeah a let's get back to yearly double digit increases and pre-existing conditions. Brilliant
Start by taking away your exzemption and maybe then and only then you'll know how we the people feel.
I'll be more then happy to horse-whip any congress person. I'll even buy the whip.
Single Payer Failed in Vermont and California and that's a lie.  They did not have single payer.  Single Payer no insurance companies.
Only if it is single payer.  It is the only fair system for all and it is cheaper than using insurance companies.
Lindsey ..trying to get attention now!.Remember when he would give his c.ph.# to everybody in the street.He is also part of the 'swamp'
repeal the 17th Amendment.
I would prefer to literally horsewhip you
Sounds like a good plan for politicians as a whole. Start with the idiot, Al Franken from MN.
@LindseyGrahamSC Kudos to the BIPARTISAN effort in the House to try to fix this Healthcare issue! It MUST be bipartisan or it will fail.
No Lindsay get government the hell out of health care all politicians do is know how to benefit themselves and screw the people! Limited gov
Right. Legalize death panels for when granny doesn't make a profit any more.
Government is a death panel to health care and the biggest thing of all freedom!
AGAIN the other 50x wasn't fixes but destroying ObamaCare. That's why it failed. Your proposals would have hurt Healthcare even more.
