You know what I find interesting? You called the skinny repeal a disaster, yet ALL 3-of-u voted for it!! What does that say about all of u?
MyDrDad worked at&partnered w/MayoClinic-Rochester/MD Anderson/NIH/NCI Talked 2 T Kennedy abt h/c. Dad knew RightThing 2do. U r not doing it
You should spend more time working on ending the Trump disaster.
Repeal Replace is the biggest Political Lie in the History of America! GOP senate is owned by Goerge Soros!
Dude, you were in the Examiner?! GTFO! Also, check out universal healthcare, it's made awesome cause everyone gets that healthcare!
No you don't. You're not even real.
Oh stop. GOP has no credibility when it comes to a Healthcare bill. Obamacare is still way better than anything you've come up with.
We, The People, can pay taxes directly to States! Then, you would not have to worry your pretty little head, or steal from the cookie jar!
ACA is not a disaster, just needs to be fixed. Why are you so intent on taking healthcare away from Americans? Just proving you can't lead.
Thank the GOP. They are the folks that are doing everything they can to make it fail. They want healthcare to be a privilege & not a right.
That is freaking sad to think about.  Heller is a sell out kinda guy.  And U hiding the facts to push Ur agenda.  Take care of trump now
Only thing keep preExisting Cond Medicaid and open markets After that do whatever you guys is giid fir tge AP Lindsey G you can do it
You're very purposeful with your "disaster" language. We get it. Stop trying to make "Obamacare disaster" happen and get to work.
Getting rid of all programs associated with Obama's name is such a racist agenda.  Shame on you
God! PAY ATTENTION! We have a lunatic at the helm and you are worried because we have healthcare?  That is just as crazy as Trump is!
No, Mr. Graham. Just no.
Then what?,they have NOTHING to replace it with.
Lindsey !! You don't get it both you and McCain are the two disasters GOP has right now and both need to retire
Do not trust Heller or Cassidy traitors Heller needs less ambitions and more love for his country Cassidy receiving money bribes from trump?
If you want to avert disaster, start with your pres who is threatening armageddon. There's your disaster. Prevent that!
Fix Obamacare! Do not repeal. Get on the right side of history, Lindsey.
Americans voted for a repeal. Please don't be unilaterally opposed to a repeal.  Stop obsessing over your dear leader Obama
Lindsey, Country before Party, Country before Party, Country before Party. Now you say it
If you're so proud of it, hold hearings.  What do patients, doctors, nurses, and hospitals think?
In case graham didn't hear us fix not repeal. Your not listening to the majority. I guess we have to march, call, write again. We the people
Another GOP plan to cut unborn babies' healthcare. What happened to the days of Reagan and GHW Bush when supported moms who choose life?
I really believe Reagan knew pro-life meant helping babies safely be brought to term, as well not funding abortion #MissingReagan #Prolife
You're a med student and you "miss Reagan?" That don't add up, yo.
Lol. Tough to squeeze #MissingReagansProlifePolicies+rest in a tweet. Also happen to be a non-traditional med student w previous career!
You must have missed the part where Americans prefer Obamacare over all the GOP crap.
Hang it up 4 crying out loud. Help repair Obamacare & get over yr vendetta. Jesus, Mary & Joseph, as my aunt says.  For feck sake, as I say.
Lindsey you are clueless, talk to the real conservatives.
What an outstanding example of Christianity you are! Yes, please strip healthcare from millions. Then go pray for yourself.
Don't you think it would be better to repair Obamacare? Please stop with repeal/replace. The people don't want that.
It can't be fixed don't you know sometimes it's just better to start all over
That is false. The issues aren't that complicated, and can be pretty easily solved, if congress can work together.
@SenDeanHeller @BillCassidy Lindsay. The real disaster is all the time you are wasting. Please reach across the aisle & fix the ACA. Please.
It's not fixable. A total disaster. Needs to be totally repealed and replace. Insurance cos already asking for bailouts from the failure
I respectfully disagree. I'm the first to say the ACA has flaws, but it can be fixed. It is complicated, it is hard work that can be done
It is a disaster. Let it implode and start new
I could maybe agree with that if I knew what they would start new with. Without knowing that I have to say that I think they can fix the ACA
I agree. However the ACA is not fixable. We need govt out of health insurance and opportunities to shop plans. My area now has 1 insurer
I feel that the people that are in govt that work for us should have the same HC we do. Either way this goes. I truly wish you well.
HE CHICKEN OUT, HELLER IS ANOTHER GIRL, NOT SO VOCAL AS YOU, BUT THE ACTIONS SAY MORE THAN WORDS. YOU NEED TO TOUN DOWN YOUR TOUNG,
Wrong!  FIX Obamacare!  Many of us DEPEND on it!!!
Didn't learn their lesson. Still no women or Dems. Continuing to do the same thing over but expecting a different result=insanity
You defunded the ACA budget in 2015 for 2016. SC lost it's Marketplace nonprofit insurer 2 months later. YOU caused the collapse, Lindsey.
It true Republicans protecting their seats. Need to stop this Medicaid
Your stand up act needs a lot of improvement.
Please give it up and repair Obamacare, real human beings need it. It's not a disaster, my children have benefited from this
You better worry about the fucking Korea disaster!!!
The ACA saved my life so you and I have different ideas of what a disaster is.
http://lawnewz.com/legal-analysis/court-rules-public-officials-cant-block-social-media-followers/ …

Blocked from commenting below 

https://www.facebook.com/LindseyGrahamSC/ …
embarrassing seeing a traitor among our bravest! how dare you! get the hell out of DC traitor - paid puppet
FIX the law.  Stop hating OBAMA, who is far and away a better man than U will ever b.  FIX THE LAW!
Lindsay loves trying to pull the plug. Should have been a vacuum salesman.
Americans will settle for nothing less than the PROMISED FULL REPEAL OF OBAMACARE,
Because you Graham are a NEVER TRUMPER and you would rather destroy this country with Dems than help Trump succeed. U have lost our Respect
And replace it with far worse. Thanks for nothing, sirrah.
Sad part is Senator we see you for who you are and what you do it has nothing to do with helping americans You sir are a LIAR and Thief
When you voted for the bill you described as a "fraud", you lost any and all credibility you had left. Your bill cuts Medicaid. Fraud again
Your all "last chance" for sure! Working already to get you gone! 
Start supporting our President or get voted out
Healthcare belongs at State Gov not Fed. Get it passed. Doubt if Dems get behind this bill because it will be big setback to single payer.
SENATOR Graham, if you can pull this off, I'll reinstate you as my SENATOR. I fired you for not voting never how I asked.
You are not doing what the people want done, I Don't care if you have a problem with Trump but you must pass legislation in his agenda
Dip shits
Did you see your approval rating is 17%. You should step down or better yet retire.
Hey Mis Graham you & your Secret Partner SONGBIRD Cancer JOHNNY have done more damage to our country thanCNN
Senator:  When will POTUS acknowledge the sacrifice of the 3 USMC Marines that just gave their lives for their country?  Golf the priority.
Well #lindsey, you have advocated bipartianship. So drop the "repeal" which only Congress and #trump love and get Dems aboard the plan.
Obamacare? That's the disaster you need to focus on? What is wrong with all of you?
Do you even read the replys, senator?  Seems @SenateGOP has trouble reading and hearing.
Lindsey loser TRY DESTROY TRump, he done South Carolina, NO more votes.
Did you take Russian money? Your name is on the list.  I'd hardly think health care is a primary concern,  if you did.
I am always amzed and insulted yu hurl words like"disaster" so easy re: Obama..Yet the FREEK show in DC right now...you say   NOTHING, EVER.
And really Obamacare could have succeeded if the Republicans had no worked so hard to make it fail. In your heart you know that's true
@LindseyGrahamSC South Carolina is 7th worst state for providing health care. We need Medicare for all. Please ensure a bipartisan solution
Fox News reported NK loading missiles. That should be classified. Then the president retweets it. Isn't this troubling?
 ACA is not a disaster for me here in Jersey, Lindsey. Fix-it, don't Nix-it! "Do unto others . . . "
America votes no.  Stop your nonsense and vote for a bipartisan bill to repair the ACA, stop the repeal!
Expand Medicare for all !
We do not want it replaced. Listen to us. #LivingWithMBC

Voting Heller out of office.
But how is Medicaid addressed here?
house got it done, now your turn...give it to govs Senator. That was a brilliant idea.
You can work and pass law not to fire Mueller but nothing else give me a break
Bullshit
Let the #congressclown third act begin.
Your reputation has been damaged with your acceptance of @realDonaldTrump's behavior. As his approval wanes so will support for you. Fitting
Why don't you work with the Democrats to fix Obamacare?
#Obamacare has increased jobs, and expanded healthcare to millions of families. Just what is the GOP offering? Nothing for workers.
Graham-Cassidy-Heller better fix it by repealing ACA or they will be primaried! Think your days are numbered in Senate.
Better get it done or 2018 is coming up. Need to talk to McCain your friend & have him vote yes. We think he's Dems friend more than yours
R u sure these guys r Repb? They act like Dems & Obstruct everything the POTUS does 2 help the Country. Don't waist your R vote n 2018 on LG
South Carolina needs repeal!! #Repealorbereplaced
This Presidency is a Disaster Still Waiting For the Crisis That will be Catastrophic. You and Sen McCain Need to Stand Tall Save Our Nation
Hopefully they keep healthcare for Americans
Novel idea, instead of focusing on repeal how about work on fixing it /create new that covers all Americans? Your last attempt was "mean"
Get it done!!!!!!
If you go against the Trump agenda you will lose my vote and many others .  I'm ashamed of GOP !
Larry. Moe and curly. Led by Lindsay the clown. To little to late. Retire Lindsay, u r dead man walking.
Trump is SABOTAGING Obamacare to make it fail. Call him out on.that first!
Please spare us from their meddling in something they don't want for Americans!!
FIX Obamacare! Stop trying to erase!At least the Dems and Obama TRIED to give us workable healthcare. FIX IT!!
I like u until you start talking out of your a** about things like this
We are tired of going through this crap repair the ACA no more repeal&replace it's time for town halls meetings listen to your constituents
Senator Graham....didn't you get the message yet?
Heller sold out for $1M I hear.....
I'm disappointed that you three are still trying to rally around your tired and tiring attempts to kill off anything Obama.
Obamacare is not a disaster. Fix the flaws side by side with Dems. Quit this ridiculous carping and think out of the GOP box you're in.
Pretty sure you should peruse the comments section here, Senator, to familiarize yourself with the desires of your constituents. #FixACA
https://twitter.com/funder/status/891482241586663424 …
Never obama
They better demolish it
So was it a disaster that my uninsurable family members could have insurance under Obamacare?  Tell me why.
Yes Sen Graham please tell us why that is a disaster for millions of Americans. We'd love to know. Please explain.
3 Republicans..I don't think so.
Hahahahahahahahaha! You couldn't fix a flat tire on a covered wagon...your party is nearly dead and buried..hahahahaha
How about ending the Trump disaster. You can be heroic or you can be a lemming. Which is it?
This voter is way more concerned about the POTUS disaster. Fix ACA and keep watchful eye on racketeering White House.
The only disaster I see is your Republican party try fixing that
I respect you in many ways, Senator, but would GOP *stop* calling it a "disaster"? ACA has helped a lot of people so wrong to call it that!
"With only two votes to spare for Republicans and no help at all from Democrats..." Where were the Reps when Obamacare was being created???
I see we are wearing our clown shoes today, Senator. Pls stop using words like "disaster" and work w both parties to amend it.
People will remember you as the guy who took away healthcare for policitcsl points.  Think again.
Stop with the sabotage and FIX what your original amendments broke.
Really. ObamaCare disaster according to whom? The 20 somethings with jobs that provide 0 health benefits, sick people, elderly, etc?
The 3 of you amount to a disaster. Good grief
Not without bipartisan support.
Obamacare will stop being a "disaster" when the traitorous GOP stop sabotaging it.
Then ...it will have the "last best chance"
Allow for a meaningful discussion and debate
Be transparent
Include democrats
Work with your female colleagues
@LindseyGrahamSC it would be really nice if you put us Americans first. Killing The ACA the way your party wants to is highly unpopular.
"It's not clear what would happen to Medicaid"  so again devils in the details
Not holding my breath.
You have pretty much sold your soul. You are not a patriot, you are nothing but a pandering Trump suck up. It's so disappointing.
Senator, The disaster is the GOP effort to fund tax breaks 4 millionaires by taking healthcare from seniors, veterans, kids & the disabled!
Cassidy? Really? Lord help us. Here's an idea... why not let one of your female colleagues weigh in 
Graham may be the country's last chance to end the trump-disaster.
Not one of u knows anything about healthcare. You 3 are stooges. Talk to the Medical Professionals, Hospitals, Docs, Ins. Bipartisanship
The states are not trustworthy on this block grant plan. Don't do this. Texas will screw over the citizens. I know I live here.
You are criminals!!!
Let It Go!!! Mend the ACA don't end it!
Senator Graham take us to regular order please
Seriously Lindsey, you need to add Susan Collins - I am a liberal Dem, but I know who has been working on healthcare in your party!
There's no chance with this bunch of losers. McCain, Murkowski and Collins already screwed Americans.  Not buying your crap.
Graham the only deserters r u & your 2 boyfriends. Leave Obamacare alone. Start doing something positive 4 the ppl of America impeach Trump
Block grants to the states - I'm on board. Get your buddy John McCain and that two face Murkowski on boad
You know it's so sad that Republicans rather dismiss people's health and not do what's right Gods watching
Isn't this about your ninth "solution?" Give it a rest. Maybe fix the ACA, which is only in trouble because of blatant sabktage by the GOP.
Reach across the aisle
if congress passes a fair health care bill keeping medicaid expansion ,2018 will be tough on democrats
Trumputin's sabotage is the disaster; and the fact that YOU voted for the Republican fake health bill.  

It's an albatross on your neck.
Get busy
Work together with Dems! GOP needs to love the US more than they hated Obama.
It should be referred to the Health Committee chaired by Sen. Alexandr and subject to normal order in the Senate. There may be good ideas.
What disaster? People getting affordable coverage for the first time in their lives?
Being honest: would you sign a deal without reading the fine print? I'd even give you a fair shake if you provide transparency.
Affordable Care Act--- will cause no trauma--do not call it anything else-then "kill" will not be so easy to say---
Stop reusing Trump propaganda like "disaster". If you have a good plan that's main function is more than end Ocare let's hear it.
The only disaster we face is the Republican Congress dickering about taking healthcare from the poor, while the emperor parades naked.
Have an idea do you?
Never gonna happen because you don't want it to
For ALL Americans. Anything else is pure BS and you know it.
Whatever liar! The whole @GOP is nothing but a bunch self-gratifying cons.
Not bi-partisan, try again....
Dammit Graham, it isn't a disaster. Trump sabotaging. FIX ACA & #ProtectOurCare #prot
It saved my daughter's life & She dies w/o it.
We're doomed!
Listen to your constituents.
Literally every other first world nation has more effective healthcare and longer life expectancy  - just fix ACA. Lordt. 
No, no, no. Fix what is broken, don't make a bigger mess for SC- and the country!
Pls end the trump disaster first. Thank you. That is all.
Give it up.
You have bigger fish to fry.
Put everyone in the same plan for crying out loud.  Pool that risk fool, POOL!!
Hi Linds

Me again.

Look at the responses to this. Listen to your constituents. Come on, Linds
 
...you know you can't make a better plan
Heller will be VOTED OUT & Nevadans have let him know!!!!!!!! FIX THE ACA!!!!!!!!!
Did you not get the message that healthcare is too important to be passed without broad support. Simple majority won't cut it.
It's irresponsible to let the current system fail without a credible plant to replace it. 7 years of rhetoric with no plan. Disgraceful.
7 years of empty GOP rhetoric is the real disaster.
We don't want to get rid of Obamacare. Just tweak it to make it better without hurting people.
Please end the #Trump disaster
He promised better cheaper care for all, a huge lie
The #ACA has saved many lives
Fix it
#AHCA is a TAX CUT
My governor has some explaining to do. Keep working!
