Glad to hear you care so much about Mcconnell's future and your own. Just wondering when you're going to start caring about the rest of us.
You and your party are an enemy of the people!! Greed is what drives your party!
Reminder: You're NOT allowed to delete any of this! So how's that @realDonaldTrump thing working out for you?! 
If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
The only losers in Congress are going 2 be ones who obstructed Trump's agenda! 1 more election 2 replace spineless GOP w/ true Republicans!
Lindsey althgh I'm not in your state and I'm not a republican I always had respect for your strength...look at these tweets, can u not hear?
Nothing you say is of interest to me. You betray us every day. You are complicit in what is happening to this nation.
Enjoyed watching your interview. You handled your interviewer very well. It is a shame when the interviewer is playing "gotcha".
@GOP   You keep calling healthcare 'obamacare'.  It's NOCARE to me now.
Worst hc ever!
The end of Mitch as we know it... 
Please focus on TAX CUTS NOW! We voted for Trump! Please follow Agenda! We want tax cuts now! 20% for corp & small business
#Traitor South Carolina is done with you! Wrote, emailed, faxed, called and you never HELPED us. Now you're having a bromance with Trump!

You know the GOP is in trouble because of the terrible healthcare bills they keep trying to pass! Your healthcare bills are an attack on us!
Until you stop golfing with 45 when there are real issues to be addressed, you have no credibility.
No one cares what you have to say any more. You compromised too?

You’re going to be talking about your daddy and the latest b.s. he is spewing out of his face, lets be honest.
The GOP House will lose in 2018 because you tried to repeal and replace ACA! Your party ignores Americans and what we want!
Keep pushing for implementation of sanctions against Russia! It was once a big deal to you!
Let me remind you of a tweet during the primary.
Let say Obamacare is Bad, But GOP where is your plan - 6 pages ? and no plan is may be sucidal plan only. GOP want repeal without any plan.
I used to think you cared about #wethepeople.Today you proved you're a sell-out just like the rest of the #deplorable #GOP. #shameonyou
Not playing golf today?

How about you go to work once in a while and earn your paycheck? Get off the TV screen! Or quit and do a reality show...
@FoxNewsSunday lol ik ur serious so the truth comes out republicanos peinsan impidier la agenda de Trump pensando que peirde asi reelection
You make me sick. Golfing with Trump and doing TV shows. Why don't you retire so the state of SC can have a Sen who does his job???
Why ru pushing tax reform when our debt is out of control? I am so sick of politicians who lie! You’ll be gone 2018 w/ ur party!
I have lost any respect I had for you. Instead of golfing with Trump, you should be assisting in the obstruction of justice charges.
Or he could have showed concern for #hurricane & #californiawildfire victims instead of sucking up to #Donthecon.
Repugnants are cold and uncaring.
DoDEA Students who are sexually harassed/assaulted are still waiting for the same rights as students in public schools.

You mean you got off golf course to actually do something

Nobody will listen to your two timing policies, you people have screwed up this country beyond a doubt.
Pres.Trump won't lose if Congress gets nothing done.We will replace bad Republicans w/ conservatives &flip some Dem seats& re elect Trump
Oh no golf today?
GOP problem is the WWF rhetoric that they manipulate their base with. NOT that they don't follow through on the reckless rhetoric! #shameful
Check yourself & Congress 

your job is to REPRESENT THE PEOPLE. 

You job is NOT TO BE RE-ELECTED OR TO CONTRIBUTE TO TRUMP’S DICTATORSHIP
Praying the "and more" is about how you are rushing aid to #PuertoRico

You have lost all credibility You are now a liar and Trump bootlicker Iran is in compliance ACA needs to be saved not defunded LIAR!!!
https://www.axios.com/lindsey-graham-if-gop-doesnt-pass-tax-reform-were-dead-2496970582.html?utm_campaign=organic?utm_source=twitter … You've allowed your boy tRump to continue on this long - you & @gop are already dead, moron #2.
Lost all respect for you How can you sit on TV & lie Iran is in compliance & ICBM’s not part of Deal US Navy in violation of IRAN waters
Could you also maybe hold the potus accountable ?
Next time discuss how Trump should stick with golf. No need to make excuses for the Antichrist. We all see it.
We behind Trump. Trump does not control the Legislative body, SENATORS and HoRs do! If Tax cuts/Repeal, we Will hold ESTABLISHMENT 2 account
Oh Lindsey, you still don’t get it... failure is an establishment problem, not a Trump Problem. Prez is doing everything RIGHT.
Didn’t he golf with @Potus today? He talking smack again? That 1% vote really went to his head.
we know u know trumps a plague on America,u dance around tbat fact every day.Admit that and u can still save America and your integrity!
NO one cares what sissy boy has to say, another @GOP pathological LIAR and TRUMP NAZI sympathizer
.and I hope you explained again about all the neato stuff you learned about healthcare!
Can you speak to this? This Declassified Document Is the Ultimate Proof
Donald Trump has seduced you well.
You’ve been wined and dined by DT.
are you that easy to be sold?
Your recent behavior is sickening!
Who cares
The only thing to discuss is why the GOP is allowing Trump to stay in office.  Damaging our democracy and welfare.
You have absolutely ZERO integrity
"Trump will lose reelection and GOP is ‘dead’ if tax reform and health care bills fail, Sen. Lindsey Graham says"-- like that's a bad thing?
Do you need a hug, so what you’re going to be on tv, talking like always, get something done , you’re not gods gift to the world
Used to bring some sense to the table but completely sucking up to crazy Cheeto a lot lately
No thank you!  I have no desire to watch a Senator who tried to take our healthcare care away and was proud of golfing with a Pres. who did!
Coward is as coward does.
I'd like to know if President Obama emailed Hillary confidential, secret & top secret information to her private server. A simple yes or no.
I'll be sure to turn the channel to watch somebody who doesn't kiss trump' s gigantic butt and has a conscience.
Did @NRA Buy your Common Sense on #GunControl ?
Here are 58 Reasons to Reconsider Protecting 
#LasVegasShooting
.@GOP "Leadership": advisers to @POTUS threatening citizens of differing political views. #SilenceIsComplicity
Former Trump adviser Sebastian Gorka: "The left has no idea how much more damage we can do to them as private citizens." 
I could care less what you say about anything politically. Your input as far as I am concerned means as much to me as McCain's is zilch
So disappointed in you! You know he is a Moron!
No one cares fart blossom.
Can't wait.
Hope you had a great time playing golf with President Trump. Now got back to the Senate and assure us Americans no more triple bogeys!
You didn’t golf with your master today? No one is going to forget you are spineless.
Complicit!
Shouldn’t you be in Puerto Rico helping them Senator?
and I had some hope for you and now you've clearly jumped on the off the rails trump train.
I’m losing heart over your wishy-washy attitude on our Clown Prince!  Get rid of him and work for US, the people who elected you!
Talk amongst yourselves then get off ur ass &do something #DACA #CHIP #nonukes #PuertoRicoStrong u get what I'm saying
I'm more interested why you've become buddies with Trump.  Have you been drinking the Kool-aid or are you just scared of his Tweets?
Trump sell out! I hope you loose your re-election.
Shame on you! You betrayed your good friend John McCain.
Shame on you for playing golf with Trump on the same day one of our fallen Green Beret’s arrives at Dover AFB..
Your descent from "Defender of the Constitution" and "Protector of American Democracy" to "Trump Enabler and Sycophant" has been both swift and stunning. History will NOT be kind to you. You will be voted out 2020. SHAME!
Golly, I missed it.  Oh, well, most likely talking points from the WH, so I really missed nothing.
Try to think of ways the GOP can not kill Americans
You are so compromised it is disgusting.
I believed in you.  Not so much anymore.  Sad.
remember, this is your new golfing buddy:
Wow you have destroyed your reputation and for what?
Ok , @realDonaldTrump He just made a mess by saying Arabian Gulf instead of true name Persian Gulf .. Russia  is dancing 
So weird how a golf game with a conniving corrupt illegitimate president can compromise your integrity @LindseyGrahamSC @RandPaul
RESIGN. I love America and cannot fathom why you continue to ignore a corrupt president who is unfit and doesn't care about Americans.
Who fixed Donald's divot?
When are republicans going to grow a pair and do the right thing! Republicans are scared of Trump and Bannon and that's the problem.
Trump wouldn't get elected again! Bannon will replace you! We wouldn't allow Putin to hack the vote again!
What about the chip program 9 million children uninsured because of Republicans, if a child dies from lack of insurance it on republicans!
They broke it, they bought it!
How was golf, kissing ass killing people with Death care oh sorry Trumpcare! How was the strategy of nuclear war going!
Should take the time to hold 45 accountable for his insane behavior. Time to stand and be an American first not GOP or Dem
Yikes you've been paid off to defend a dangerous man. How much tell us? We will not forget this, we are NOT stupid even tho U wish we were.
Please help me save my kids before South Carolina sells them to fund all political campaigns

So what
Hope and pray DT not re elected. Gov Kasich should be encouraged to run. Bannon+DT working hard to replace GOP with their peeps. FIGHT!
Im reading most of the comnents here and im pleased to see im not alone.. .you are regrettably not a politician i respect...at all
All summed up in your quote about the orange morons golf handicap....nauseating flattery
So you can lie to the American people...no thanks! Tired of your dishonesty, tired of how awful you that Americans who are not white or GOP
We ALL know your "secret" and care FAR more that you are enabling this dangerous, unfit man  Earn our respect b/f too late
Sell out
When’s the last time you faced the nation?
Ooooh.  Sorries. Busy watching football. #TakeAKneeLindsey
I hope you covered everything the Pres. had in his notes.
I'd rather you talk about things you know.

Lindsey, it’s Sunday and you are still complicit
Again. Boot licking is not a good look for you.
Pass......you have been brown nosing a little too much lately!!!!
You've lost your voice Lindsey thanks to your complicity with Trump. Unexpected but shameful.
Remember your "pal"? The one your new buddy Trump said wasn't a hero because he was captured. #friendslikeyouwhoneedsenemies
Sorry to hear you condone 45's traitorous actions and tweets. Your Dear Leader will throw you under the bus when you become unuseful.
If the GOP would call out trump for the narcissistic, sociopath he is, I would support them, but if they can't then they must be that too
No mention of sanctions against Russia nor bill to protect Mueller. Some golf references, though.
Talk about how #Trumpcare improves on Obama Admin's version of #ACA
Perhaps you'd like to discuss your golf game with @realDonaldTrump. Did you discuss #PuertoRicoRelief? You're as worthless as him.
golfing while PR suffers, CA burns: strike 1
Sucking up on Twitter: strike 2
Golf mag quotes: strike 3

What side of history are you on?
I'd rather stick a hot poker in my eye
Complicit
You best be getting something good for the country with all your arse kissing to don the con 
you gonna start another war Lindsey?
I can believe you are desperately trying to save either your own ass, or all of our asses. I just don't know which.
After Last Weeks golf trip, O-Care #subsidies was stopped. What will this week will bring? #playing w/ Balls & A club, ruining lives

Being @realDonaldTrump new Best Friend is no way to help America. This Will Be Your Legacy. Complicit with a Traitor & Criminal.
#TrumpToady
and then it's off to play more golf with trump...you hypocrite

The things you'd do for #kochcare 
What tweets should we expect berating #JohnMcCain ? Was the peeps calling him a "traitor" golfing also?
You. Are. Insane.
Couldn't destroy ACA so decided to start a war instead? Bow before your emperor.

You are one of the last politicians I want to tune in to watch. Your true racist qualities have surfaced under Trump administration.
No matter how many bombs you blow up, it's not going to blow the gay away, Lindsey.
How much tax payer $ can you and Trump waste golfing? You are the swamp.
Hey let's talk about your golf buddy
Thanks for the heads up. I'll turn it off now.
@LindseyGrahamSC You're pathetic, Lindsey. Go play more golf with @realdonaldtrump while the world burns. You're obviously as bad as him.
Lindsey the  little sidekick fool!
LG NO ONE belvs u anymore, WTH is wrng wth U?! How did u go frm chastisg trmp to destryg HC & kissg hz ass AGAIN!  Did kochs dmp $ on you!
You sir, have stooped to a new low.......
You went golfing with a mad man, now your sole is different,what a shame.
Nothing like playing golf w/a sociopath!
Just watched. You still don't get it. POTUS will be re-elected in 2020. Gop not getting the job done will be replaced by GOP that will 2018.
Ugggggg maybe you can double down on @realDonaldTrump lies about his golf game too
Which guarantees that my family will not be watching. #LindseyGrahamTheSycophant 
I'm wtchg u on FN, u WERE mkg sns thn as usual FLIPFLOPPD AGAIN! &u jst had to gt tht last ass kiss in thr abt trmp btg u at golf! HE CHEATS
How was golf again? Your losing suppprt
And like Trump you're failing miserably along with the rest of your corrupt Republican Congress. We will vote ALL of you out. It's a promise
Good interview!!
Trump administration has foolishly isolated the US and made Iran LESS SAFE. Stupid stupid policy by unhinged POTUS.
Thanks for the warning. Turning off my TV
Will u explain golf  with Trump n now u support him since u couldn't get your bill through the senate
When are you and you colleagues going to take action against this totally unfit president? #showleadership
Tell me how my coverage will be better and cheaper
