If Dems continue to obstruct, they deserve to lose every election going forward, that will drain the swamp, quickly
Dems can't obstruct anything. Repubs have House, senate, & presidency, probably even Supreme Court. And yet they are losing! Truth prevails.
Dems can't obstruct anything? If GOP doesn't have 60 in the Senate, Dems can block everything not requiring a budget reconciliation.
Thank goodness, since so far nothing worth approving has been presented. Btw, trump's approval is now only 34%, an all-time low.
And now some Dems wanna nuke the filibuster when/if they take power. THAT is the path to authoritarianism.
But if you're wondering about authoritarianism, loyalty by the FBI director is to the Constitution and the people not the president.
It's his administration. That's fine.
TBH, I think far-left Dems like Bernie are more authoritarian than Trump.
You feed these people such lies.  He was not beat up in any way.
And that's why you're not practicing law and instead living off the tax payers like a parasite putting party over country and state.

The President told the director of the FBI to lay off his close aide, lied about doing so and fired the director when he persisted.
Not to mention #Comey himself already said it didn't occur. He can't change tune now. #msm setting #Liberals up for big disappointment.
Graham also said at the end there is more coming with unmasking and spying the obama administration did. There's the real crime
That's the way I look at it. How much more of our money will be spent on this dog chasing its tail?
Another RINO trying to be important.
Senator Graham, put yourself in Mr. Comedy's shoes, when a president is pressing you to drop an investigation, making you uncomfortable ??
Luckily, that's not even a little bit what just happened.
your mind is made up prior to questioning comey?  Why bother having him testify then? Unless you are trying to minimize the damage for Trump
Um no. He would to flush out other witnesses and provoke Trump
Watching Perry Mason reruns?
What Boss doesn't deserve loyalty? So hypocritical by libs & Dems
When asked in a cleared room of the person investigating a close advisor? You'd be okay if Obama did the same thing?
I don't think Comey is his only witness. Or his star.
Name another.
Comey, his experiences aside, is a collector of info. Someone else saw much more. We just don't know who yet. But Mueller likely does
Ok. Fine. Graham is just slightly more reliable than the New York behind the Times. I don't pay attention
Comey is not being beat up, nor is he likely the only witness. Trump fired Yates too, and Sessions is involved.
and if HRC did one one hundreth of the stuff of DT, she would have been removed from office by now...GOP=NO RESPECT FOR COUNTRY
Thank you Lindsey Graham for caring about our President. I think you have proven your support of him in this case.
He doesn't care about 45. He goes w/party over country. And that is how it works. Graham called 45 a nutjob once. He told the truth then.
And I don't listen to or have one ounce of respect for someone who cannot say my President Donald J Trumps name.
Well of course not. Good for you.
@CNNPolitics WP, NYT can now rest their case against Trump. Invite @LindseyGrahamSC to your show, & Senator Graham can tell you about it
Still trying to tear away #Comey's legitimacy & mollify #POTUS's actions while ignoring the facts & implications of the actual act? #enabler
Russians probably found some sick shit on Graham's hard drive.
Damn, Trump has put @LindseyGrahamSC balls in a jar in the last few months.
Loyalty is needed in any HEALTHY relationship. The form of loyalty and how far this loyalty goes, depends on both sides.
If you're implying loyalty to POTUS, that's not how it works re: oath. That loyalty is to the Constitution only & in no way to an individual
A HEALTHY relationship implies ALWAYS some form of loyalty.
If they didn't have a healthy relationship it wasn't good for the constitution.
An unhealthy relationship with the Constitution is potentially deadly to America.
Obama proved that. He shredded it
You people on the left have lost your minds.  Trump not under investigation. Know it ruins your lives to know that.
To make such an assertion, you must have top-secret access to the facts, in which case, should you be tweeting about it?
Hey@lindseygraham what happened to getting to the bottom of Trump's taxes?
Exactly!!
OR, Mueller could be allowing him to testify because he seen something that tells him I do not need Comey.
Trump wants to be recognized as superior even without achievements that warrant it. Trump has an exaggerated sense of self-
Your president is a sexual predator and a traitor and the world is not a better place since he took office..more hate crimes. Your president
Why won't the old boys answer the questions did Trump ask them to obstruct justice..I believe he did he has such an inflated sense of self.
*only* witness? I think it. And you KNOW NOT.
I am thinking this is because there are much more serious charges to be dealt with
If Mueller's focused on criminal activities by Manafort, Flynn, Kushner, then letting Comey speak about conversations with POTUS is harmless
#Obama meets with #Comey one on one- asks if he can drop @HillaryClinton email issue and @MSNBC reports leakers- @FoxNews heads explode
Comey had no problem clearing HRC in a criminal investigation. IMO he was leveraging POTUS by slow-walking investigation and through leaks.
Lindsey- history will not remember you kindly
Still pending, like the emails before ELECTION to have congress & senators to have COMEY reopen email inquiry. But made MEDIA NEWS ELECTION?
Wow @LindseyGrahamSC what a great job explaining the Comey statement, hope @realDonaldTrump was watching.
Poor old underbite McCallum
@FoxNews @themadanthony Ms. MacCallum is outstanding at what she does!
Unlessssss he's got something better ...
lackey
The failing paid off Clusterfox trying to invent news. Owned by foreign globalist entities supporting DictatorPutin Erdogan and Trump.
Next to Shep she is the biggest liar and exaggerator on TV.  She should be on CNN and MSNBC but that Fox is going alt left
Not...
Rico easy to prove forget TREASON they just want him out of office and USA PROTECTED,WHAT DO U WANT RUSSIAN LEAD USA?? ARE YOU THE ENEMY ???
Did @realDonaldTrump give your new cell number to the Russians?
Where did he obstruct? He didn't but nice try. Comey did say pres was not under investigation
And you know it , they are SETTING TRUMP UP AND THINK RICO NOT RUSSIA BECAUSE THEY WILL SEE TRUMP BROKE AND IN PRISON FOR LIFE MUCH EASIER
Great reporting
Only witness? I saw 4 more refuse to answer questions today without asserting privilege.....that's not over.
And making one mistake after another which is EXACTLY WHAT MULLER WANTS,CONEY NO FOOL AND CAN HANDLE THE GAME TRUMP IN WAY OVER HIS HEAD &
Linsey should be investigated. He has suddenly become a mouthpiece for stupidity after one night of dinner.
Lindsey Graham is a coward and defending the interest of Vladimir Putin and Russia.
obstruction is NOT what Mueller is going after! criminal, fraud, money laudering, RICO, treason!
I NEVER expected Graham to support @POTUS . He surprised me. Wonder what McCain has up his weasely sleeve for tomorrow.
Wishful thinking Gramm but Mueller is rattling the caged animal and you know it if you were any good as prosecuted,Trump isolated angry and
Senator! You gotta stop drinking the kool-aid!
i think GOP leadership is coaching trump in coverup,and it shows.that means duplicity of congress to disregard possible corruption&russia
Faux News
Thats good the semator is supporting the president. He did say he would look into the dnc obstruction of justice with the clinton emails.
Hillarious!
Thankyou @LindsayGrahamSC, I wish ALL Liberals thought like you do, but even if they were show facts they would still cry BOMB.#SNOWFLAKES
Not buying it. Republicans need to hold this adminustration responsible for its lies and obstruction or go down with them.
Trump went too far in trying to convince Comey to remove "That Cloud," (Russia/Dossier), how is that not obstruction?
Because bleach bit and destroying subpoenaed evidence wasnt considered obstruction.
And where are Demonrats, their Al Jazeera affiliated media water carriers & Schiff when Graham claims he also was unmasked by Obama admin?
Gotta love FOX
NOT!
He's full of shit, Nixon was impeached for using two words in obstruction of justice, "uh huh" got Nixon to the impeachment process!
I think for Nixon it was those tapes
Exactly and in those tapes there were just two words he said when his lawyer or friend suggested a cover-up, Nixon responded, "Uh huh!"
BLOTUS at worst is a traitor colluding with Russians or at best a bumbling idiot whose staff was meeting with the Russians. MRGA
Major embedded assumption there, sir. I'll spell it out: You assume some GOP goobers on the Committee can beat him up. Mueller may differ.
Hope all these non-sense allegations against Trump will be stopped. These stupid Democ-RATS must moved on..
Party before Country every time.  @LindseyGrahamSC never changes.
....not improper asking only bad answer/act when law knows better. All overblown
There are no grounds for an obstruction charge. You took a narrative then tried to find evidence to make it fit.
The first time I feel Republican are standing together and should continue serving the people together.
Don't miss it,,,LIVE ON PPV THURSDAY, "6'8" JAMES COMEY VS BUNCH OF OLD WHITE GUYS COMMITTEE". Guaranteed to tell you nothing,
How about Mueller was just appointed and he is trying to get his arms around everything
....it's when the ppl/law knows better not to answer/act on. No bad question. This is overblown
Hello. Comey has been coached on what he can and cannot say. Why do people keep electing idiots to office.
GOD BLESS PRESIDENT TRUMP!  
Reinstate the DRAFT and include university students!•
I dont care if our president is a Dem or Republican they both should fry for abuse of power
Graham is Not for the people only the party, lie after lie Trump has told yet he still thinks he is good for our country
Not true, somethimes you have to shake the tree to see who falls out. Congress has prioity over Mueller btw.
I agree. So happy for ppl to recognize. Questions as far as Gorsuch has stated is human.....
This continued bull about collusion        obstruction is all nonsense and show #Dems care nothing about the needs of  Americans
Did Republicans care about the need of Americans the 8 years Obama was president.  HELL NO they didn't
Lindsey makes good points.  The senate dems are going to come unglued
Love you to bits but you're hanging a big hat on deconfliction. I don't buy it, be careful.
Senator is right. Thus no case or many more witnesses exist.
Lindsey Lindsey.... if you were intelligent and had anything to contribute, you'd start with better grammar. It's "beaten up", not "beat up"
Truth
Comey Not star witness. It will be Flynn, Page or Manafort (or another staffer named later) who gets immunity and then rolls on Chump
@MaxineWaters @NancyPelosi @chuckschumer can we just move along now and #maga?
Typical Graham, talks a big game about putting' country before party' but has yet to vote for anything that suggest otherwise. HES complicit

#Lawless: By not having any legal argument or precedent to answer questions. The witness should be charged with contempt and sent to jailed. 
Telling the FBI director to end the investigation into Michael Flynn is obstruction of justice! The American people are not stupid!
Trump was never under investigation, and you can't prove he said that to Comey, it's  all hear say his word against Trumps..
Speculation!!! #Mueller is confident #Comey can hold his own with congress
If he had information for a criminal case against the President he wouldn't allow him to testify.
Mueller and Comey are joined at the hip, working together on Comey's testimony, I see possible conflict of interest.
The military is going to call all unexploded ordnance "A Comey" from now on.
We didn't learn anything we hadn't already read from Trump tweets.
Dems are close to Treason for obstructing our govt.
Say,qaAaA aw aw as but the t CRC a
Absolutely correct!
#TomCotton is the only one on that whole committee I trust will do any beating up.
Graham is not the voice of Americans he is a traitor to our values. Investigate #SethRichMurder
Poor losers
Calling bs on sen graham.  You r getting boxed in.  Look forward to you leading impeachment. Impeach and replace.
Keep dreaming of impeaching Trump. It's not going to happen. Read my lips "No impeachable offense." U r stuck with him for at least 4 yrs. 
Sir explained stunningly.  Thank you
Hope Comey enjoys his 15 minutes of fame cause he'll never serve at that level again, game playing "loser"
Like himself , Sessions loves the law of the swamp.
Enjoyed your interview Senator!
Only witness? Rogers, McCabe, Rosenstein and Coats only didn't answer! Come on it looks very bad!
Brush up on your history! Go look at the IranContra and B.Clinton scandals. Both had special and congressional investigations simultaneously
This is golden!! Now the MSM & Democrates need to have their noses rubbed in it, forced to apologize, and some even quit.
Pres had authority to fire Comey, the Dems made hysterics, never should have happenedClinton fired his FBI director, no uproar there
For just cause. After an investigation launched by Bush Senior showed unethical behaviour.
Naturally Fox portrays this in light most favorable to Trump. No surprise.
As opposed to the fair and balanced coverage of the remaining networks? Gimme a break?
They don't use that slogan. Fox does. As they shill for GOP.
Yep.
There is not there there folks. Msm and dem morons should have to pay the tax payers back for this fake bs. Send Maxine waters the bill
OMG that is so funny!  I agree....send the bill to the Whacko
This is a clear case of premiliated obstruction of justice. The fabricating president is indeed treacherous and must be resiliated. #Amen
Shut up Graham u r NOTHING BUT a obstruction Dem kissAZZ
Coneys testimony reads like a conversation w/ any New Yorker! @realDonaldTrump was wanting to confirm Comey wasn't biased! "Honest loyalty"
Ok bot.
Really? That's an intelligent response. Full of insight! Thanks.
Wow, surprised Graham is still spinning for Trump.  No end to the shame in these GOP folks.
A lot of the country is frustrated with this witch while Hillary podesta lynch Lerner wasserman etc walk around laughing at America!!!!!
Wasserman is on video threatening an investigation for God sake!
Um. His "only" witness, really? I doubt Comey gets "beat up". What a horse's ass you are.
Makes a good point.

Yeah but Mueller has blood on his hands too, right @KimDotcom???
who says he's the only witness? who says this is the only count of obstruction?
Meanwhile the GOP continues to trot out their human punching bag, Ted Cruz, on critical issues.
Maybe he knows he has a bigger case than obstruction
Laughaby
Thank you. Love you Martha..Now for Presidents agenda!
Trump was right....Comey did tell him 3 times he was not under investigation.  Also the Director serves at the pleasure of the President
why does lindsey gramnesty get any attention at all?...
He doesn't need Comey. Trump admitted to obstruction during Lester Holy interview.
And I'm damn sure Comey can handle the likes of Rubio and Cruz. The GOP isn't stocked with geniuses.
How so?
Poor @marthamaccallum tried her best to spin this....
That's what Fox pays her to do. Shill for Trump.
I hope @realDonaldTrump listened to @LindseyGrahamSC on @TheStory on Fox. As a lawyer he did a great job explaining Comey letter.
I agree. I was extremely impressed with @LindseyGrahamSC and hope @POTUS was watching
What?
Big witch hunt put on by loser whiner Dems. Shame on them for dragging the country through this when there are so many pressing problems.
Right. It's not like #Benghazi the #IRS or #HerEmails
You are right. Obama administration was one massive corrupt mess. It's what happens when we get a totally inexperienced person as President.
Your pres is a totally inexperienced person. He is a charlatan.
Trump worked in the private sector for years and built a massive company. Obama never built a thing or ran a thing in the private sector.
The government isn't the private sector. Obama also never declared bankruptcy and stuck someone else with his failure.
Fed gov has become a corrupt swamp; wasteful, abusive, unaccountable. Obama grew gov and made things worse. His inexperience on display.
Beat up by whom?
Good point. Now that he can possibly help the Dems they love him hahahaha
