He has a history of racism and voter suppression. Now it appears he colluded with Russia and perjured himself. I question your judgment.
you probably shouldn't
@mmmoonie 
Hypocrite!
is as treacherous as @SenJohnMcCain

No real loyalty to @realDonaldTrump

#RINO's
Amen !
Get on the right side of history here, Trump/Russia must be dealt with quickly and with integrity.  Put country FIRST!
Republicans need to set aside partisan politics and investigate #Trumprussia  All were sworn to uphold the constitution.
No, it is not. If he has your full confidence, then you're not as smart as I thought. #PlayingTheLongGame
He must resign. He cannot be trusted!
That makes one of you who has any confidence in this man.
He perjured himself, nothing about that allows him to stay on as AG
My confidence is shinking like - well like the actual numbers vs wished for numbers at certain inaugurations. Yours too?
Good for you!  Most of the country doesn't want a top attorney who lies under oath.
Or is a racist with a history of voter suppression.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Yes. It was correct to recuse himself, but he also lied under oath. He must resign.
Really?
Lindsey time is up on your bullshit and your evil.  You will be judged either here or the next plane. I will still pray4u
full confidence of a perjurer as USAG? You had no problem prosecuting impeachment of a president for perjury #hypocrite
screw You I thought you were a man for Country over Party I'm done with you Traitor your no better than Trump!
I cant believe that I am saying this but I actually think you are one of the good guys..Who knew?
I do too. He will serve well. Recusing himself say's a lot of his character. Can't say the same about Loretta Lynch can we?
resignation immediately! He lied, end of story.
You just lost a load of credibility there, sport!!!
Are you happy to have an AG who lies under oath?
I thought maybe LG has come to his senses but no. Sessions is a vote suppressor and that alone should disqualify him.
Are you going to look into this story as hard as you are going to go after the WH?
You have confidence in JS as AG after he committed perjury? We're counting on you to get the @GOP to do the right thing.
the best decision would for Sessions to resign for lying under oath.
so Hillary lying under oath runs for President and that is celebrated. Good hell
don't deflect. This doesn't concern Hillary. This is about Sessions and Sessions alone.
not deflecting just pointing out the hypocrisy. Sessions did nothing wrong how's that for deflecting
Lying under oath isn't wrong??
Jeff is going to put on the most unique Civil War reenactment ever. He will enforce laws as if Confederacy won the war.
I'll deny you ever said this. Have your back!
He committed perjury and needs to be fired. We need an #IndependentInvestigation to get to the bottom of #Trumprussia
As for you Lindsey Graham & John McCain the two of you need to shut the hell up and start to stand behind Sessions & Trump!

I watched Sessions confirmation. Thought it went well. Can't get past his No to clear written question re: Russia. Resign.
have you read his history of falsely accusing people in order to get Republicsns in office? Are you that corrupt???
I don't. Please reconsider
Of course you do.   Bigots stand together.
#SessionsLied and needs to resign!
Back off attacking Trump admin.  You love the limelight but you are a FOOL!
I think you need to stop taking money from defense cont and get on the side of the ppl! You seem weak in face of fire
Let's see if you demand an investigation into Obama ordering a wire tap of the Republican presidential nominee. #Watergate
I don't know if AG Sessions should resign yet, but I do know that there needs to be a vigorous investigation of Rus.& Trump
U have NO courage. It is painful to watch u sell out our democracy. #fight russian influence
do your constituents?  He lied under oath and made up an excuse that he didn't understand what he was asked??  #Sessions
do you care how the country feels anymore?
you might want to try saying that I'm Russian! We demand a FULL investigation on Trump's ties to Russia and the election!
I'm proud loyal Republican but I have never thought Mr. Sessions was  the right choice for DOJ.
Then you are on the wrong side of history.
I have full confidence he is dismantling his office as part of a Russian agenda.
Why? He met with Kislyak while US was investigating Russia for hacking. Then lied about it under oath. #SessionsMustResign
Agree w/your 1st statement; not so much your 2nd. But at least want to thank you for putting our country first.
@Varneyco Again you phoney rhino stay out of it
How?! He's ATTY GEN & lied under oath. Because of his job- worse than Flynn. @SenJohnMcCain  @SenateGOP History watching
#ResignSessions NOT a PARTY issue
Have you read Coretta's King letter, etc.  regarding Sessions. How can you believe he is best for DOJ? Duh! He is scary!!!
Independent Investigation!  #ThePlotThickens #russiagate
And with that statement, there goes all confidence in YOU. #voteoutgraham #SCremembers #lockuptrump
I have full confidence that you met w/ #Bilderberg in 2016.
You admit to an amazingly bad ability to judge people...oh that's right, you're on record as one of his "dear" friends.
Senator, I'm a Dem, so we don't often agree.  I thank you for the courage in standing up against this Russian whitewash.
only evil people would be against Jeff sessions. He is a great, honest patriot.
why don't you grow a pair of balls, become a real man, and be a hero for the American people. Oh that's right, U Rthe enemy
@mmmoonie Holder lied to Congress & held in contempt, Lynch plead 5th, did not recuse w Hillary investigation Enough said
@mmmoonie before running to  mic to condemn a fellow GOP .would be wise to know all facts & fight against false accusations
Bill Clinton had sex with a 22 year old intern and lied under oath. Where were all the dems then? It was total support.
you are doing exactly what the Democrats bait you to say!!
seriously you Republicans need to stick together, you need to stop being against Our President you are hurting the party!!
Wrong again Lindsey. What we need is an independent special prosecutor to investigate this most corrupt of administrations.
@postandcourier he did not lie under oath!!! He answered the question that was asked! You people are NUT JOBS! Find a hobby
that does not speak so well about you
really? This was and is a witch hunt!
-According to The Hill, Sessions was paid by the campaign to meet with the Russians.  He must resign.  He must be charged.
best dec would have been to stand up for your administration & told the Dems to pound sand. Your weak willed & spimeless
, then I have no confidence in you. Sincerely, your constituent. #resign #investigate #impeach
If this is so Senator maybe you need to go ! PUTCOUNTRY BEFORE PARTY! NOCOVER UP! #TRUMPGATE#REMEMBERNIXON
sellout, we own all 3 and you and McCain will fuck it up
I will not vote for an elected official who supports other elected officials that think lying is ok UNTIL they get caught
We have full confidence u r an agent 4the Communist Chinese & the Saudis.We support @jeffsessions. Pack ur bags4 SC Graham
You have MSNBC sperm dried up on your eyebrow, bro.
He didn't need to!

https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2017/03/levin-nothing-sessions-or-flynn-did-compares-to-obama-admin-scandals-police-state-tactics …
You and @SenatorTimScott need to push for resignation. Recusing is not enough. Perjurers can't head the DOJ
I now have ZERO confidence in you. A shame. For a minute there, I thought you were the last man standing in the @GOP.
's ethics rules lie to congress+democrat=impeach, lie to congress + republican=write a letter;
maybe because you are so used to liars. He should go he has 0 cred
perjury is perjury ... we let Bill Clinton slide on that... I thought the Republican Party was better... guess not
I respect you as a man of honor.  Isn't it a crime for Sessions to lie under oath?
Trump supporters view this all as an attempted coup, and it must be put down.
So the FBI needs to break it's rules and confirm or deny any evidence of wrong doing being investigated, before a civil war
put up or shut up.I do not care what foreign intel op it blows. I am more worried about the DEM attempted coup in the USA.
DEems are doing best to start a full civil war in this country. Enough! It is time to tell the FBI to ....
he lied. If his lips are moving  how do I  ever know that he's not telling alie
please, friendship aside, even just for optics, he is tainted and the noise, even if not accurate, is not going away.
:get on board graham, stop trying to goat hump the presidents leg !A couple of questionables sliding out of the closet LG ?
Thank u! NO investigation into Dems cockamamie stories!
This country doesn't. HE LIED under oath. If you excuse that, you forfeit your honor and our respect. Demand resignation.
You're the only one.
You have officially announced that you care nothing for democracy. YOU should resign if you can't do your job. #resist
I dont have the same confidence you have
He needs to resign entirely.
He lied under oath. Lock him up.
Recall Lindsey graham
it's the best way to attack a good president. You are a evil man and a democrat.
Disappointing tweet as I had you pegged for someone who put country first. Here you appear to be carrying the party line.
Democrats should be very very grateful. A lot of top Dems have hid evidence and plead the 5th with absolutely 0 repercussions.
No, with all due respect, best decision is resignation.
And 9/11type investigation of Russian involvement in our election.
So you're ok with the AG perjuring himself before the senate? Just want to be clear.
he needs to resign!
an attorney who lies under oath.... isn't that a tad bit ironic? He should resign
Why don't you & your buddy @SenJohnMcCain stop selling out Trump & stop talking to the #media !

Dems/Socialists DO NOT care about this country or people in it! Trying to take our gvt down! Do the right thing 4 a change
some socialists don't care, some do very much; some capitalists don't care, some care very much. Nuance pls!
Thank you for calling for his recusal.  Is that enough?  Would you say the same thing if he was not a Repub?  Honestly!
Support POTUS. Tired of you attacking him at every turn. We elected him. Get over it.
Support Sessions!! Where is special prosecutor for Clinton. She broke SEVERAL laws. FBI acknowledged so. Belongs in jail
Haha. No. And history will prove you wrong, Senator. Really want to be on the wrong side of history? Think about it
Comey can't be trusted to run an investigation into the guy he helped win. He's a disgrace to the FBI!
Hey Lindsey, you could learn something from Senator Purdue.
The corruption must end.  American people are tired of all the lies, chaos, and misery this White House brings. #LIARS
he only recused himself because people called BS.  You don't deserve an ataboy for getting caught.  #nohypocrites
you're no different from the rest. #oil #war #MSNBC #CNN #blackmail #goldenshowers #treason #perjury #USA #Yemen #liar
More caving by Lindsey Graham.
he lied. Under oath. Bill was impeached for it. He needs to resign. I don't trust him.
average citizens get jail time for perjury.....
u r a traitor
YOU AND the Russians
He lied under oath, Senator. Where is the respect for our institutions of governance? Party trumps the USA? Come on man
No, he should stand up to you and the corrupt democrats.
NO it is not!  Sessions is not the AG the country needs.
Please.  I was starting to gain respect for you then yo go and say something like this. He needs to resign
well #wethepeople don't! He lied under oath and needs to resign just as he asked Bill Clinton to do for a lesser offense.
when the Dems got Kelly's scalp it only made them want more blood... you need to step up and stiffen up sir.
what a waste of time and money on a bogus investigation! GOP is in power act like it! You are so scared of Dems!
What about an investigation into this slush fund, that Lynch setup for liberal groups? Where is your voice for that??
So you did meet the Russian Ambassador! So should you recuse or maybe resign! I think so! Interesting pic on twitter!!
oh geez Lindsey. Sessions is a pathetic racist that had no trouble lying under oath. Stop kissing 45's ass!

@spirocks party over country
you'll probably regret these words so I'm going to screenshot them.
I think you're just looking for drama and Tv coverage. Serve you're country, or retire. But quit making us look bad sir
for all the dems on this thread 
ur ideas are bad and u should feel bad too.
Good for you. The majority of us can recognize perjury and lying under oath. Sessions is not fit to serve as AG.
Stop your damn dem witchhunts
Was this the plan all along? Did the money funding this smear get plan B & not plan A?
Question is, knowing that this would come out, why not proactively address it during confirmation? Makes him look guilty.

.@LindseyGrahamSC: you're as weak as water Lindsey Graham. You should join DNC as you side with them over your own EVERY TIME #TermLimits
@xXx_MattMan_xXx @LindseyGrahamSC is as gay as  Barney Frank!!!!!!!
Wow!!  Really?? I thought I had some respect for you. Never mind. Lying under oath is ok as long as he's in the GOP
Just to be clear you have full confidence in an AG that, apparently, lied under oath in his Senate confirmation hearing?
.@LindseyGrahamSC you are in the minority. Everything will come back to this.
shame senator, shame
.@LindseyGrahamSC he should resign. Immediately. That is what's best for the country.
how can you say those 2 statements together?? Obv deflection of Yemen raid intel rolling out at the same time 
Yes, best fir YS. Reserving judgment in Sessions' ability to serve.
best for US...
7 Army Values. Remember those? Personal Courage. Get some.
use it quit being gullible. Dem are the enemy not the Russiansor Trump
you better start backing the Rep party.  All if it. The Dems think they can undo Trumps presidency. We gave you the power
perjury is not OK, girls name. Please recuse yourself from this planet.
But... you really shouldn't.
cuz Sessions got caught and admmitted it?
how can he be effective as AG with something like this swirling around him? You said just last night country over party
I bet you do comrade
He should resign. Conduct unacceptable for an attorney and especially the ATTORNEY GENERAL!
