Dems so gullible.

Lol, hillary lost!  HAHA, WE WON. Now u have to live with it.  HAHA
Alabama lost!! HAHA, Clemson WON. Now you have to live with it. HAHA
Lol,  16
Average IQ of your state?
Ummm Dabo is from Alabama. You know,  the reason clemson is competitive at all.  They'll suck again when he leaves.
Lol, Dubose, Franchione, Price (It's rolling baby!!), Shula, Kines. I'm sure y'all be fine when Saban leaves.
they did and there was collusion. Your lover, Trump is going down
Lol, that's hilarious.  Still wishing, meanwhile Trump making America great AGAIN!
Making America Gag Again. Conning the shit out of lazy Americans
I'm republican,  I work.
He is a troll with 57 followers, soros paid goon or bot
You don't know my life! 
Yep ur right! God blesses us in mysterious ways
 amen
The agencies below have provided NO proof #Trump colluded with Russia:
CIA, NSA, FBI, DIA, DOS, DOJ, NCIS, DHS.
The one hold out is #CNN 
You know that active investigation they kept alluding to during the hearing? Keeping them from giving yes/no answers? Yeah.
That investigation is for the campaign staff, not Trump.. and they still have nothing..
The Russians have been interfering with our elections since the 60's.. this is all laughable. Dog and pony show by Dems to rally for 2018
No Nicie..no..
Asked if Trump-Russia business ties raised concern, fmr DNI Clapper gives this intriguing answer: 
Russians paid Bill Clinton for a speech while Hillary was SS and after the uranium deal... Next Obama & Hillary let them annex Crimea
Sorry we work on crimes in the active administration...you missed your window.
Preventing further damage and all that.  This guy had a compromised traitor in secure briefings for months after he knew.
If you think healthcare killed GOP this will seal it!
So why can't we get a proper investigation of BOTH leaks AND Russian interference? Both needed.
Wow, biggest disappointment that you choose party over our democracy. I had faith in you, I was fooled! Financial invest terrifies him & why
Probably OBAMA administration hacking. Noted that it's easy to change headers.
yeh with republicans help
And now the man in charge of investigating this and our president's ties -- gets fired. Please get an independent counsel
This is Fake media's futile attempt to ascribe @HillaryClinton's loss to anything but the fact that people wanted genuine change she is not.
Both Republican's and Democrats are concerned we have a treasonous WH. Will you support even treason?
Your reply is far and away off the subject. It's like ice cream and tennis match.
I don't think so.
Graham won't take Patriotic stance on obvious Obstruction of Justice. First Bharat, then Yeats, and now Comey.
I voted for @realDonaldTrump there was no way in Hell I was letting that Crone @HillaryClinton be POTUS 
"It's her turn" didn't work for me
Ya well, ya got worse than you could ever imagine.
There was no try they did interfere and had help from Trump
Ummm... Sir?
Thank you. This is NOT going away! Pick a side Trumpers. You are either with Trump or America. They are mutually exclusive.
I don't vote democrat because of their platform,no Russian interference.
"tried" are you kidding me?
They did not cast a vote!  Stop this crap!
And many of us feel the Russians picked Trump. They (Russians, lend the Trump businesses money, they bought his Florida properties. Own 45.
WHAT NOW TRAITOR????????????
Now that Comey has been fired, @GOP is going to have this cover up taken care of in no time!  This is your legacy.  Each one of you.
Yeah and trump help them u idiot
Trolls active!!!
This is an overblown story. Always has been but RINO's like Graham and McCain just add fuel to the fire. Please vote them out.
They have long over stayed their welcome. Should go home where ever that is!
Now Trump has fired #COMEY !!!! Wow...really resembles #NIXON !
Thank you Senator.  I'm not a partisan and appreciate a conscientious man that doesn't lose his soul to politics.
Can u get that through your POTUS's head?
Why no investigation into Clinton and CFoundation ties to Russia? Did you get a share of some of that money the Russians gave them?
it's about time you reported something related to Russia. #TrumpRussia #kremlingate
GO GRAHAM GOOOOOO GET DOWN TO INVESTIGATING THIS SERIOUS PROBLEM, MAKE SURE YOU WATCH OUT TRUMP CAN BE A SNAKE AND CAN GO UNDETECTED
So help us all if you accept a "certified letter" from a DC law firm as conclusive evidence that @realDonaldTrump has no ties to #Russia.
Oh really? Didn't you all first try to claim there was no evidence? Your job is the American people Sir, not the GOP party. #doyourjob
Russians yes but don't b 2 quick to rule out #WH admin #Trump #VP #Sessions #Kushner #flynn #Tillerson #Ivanka & more #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Why does anybody bother to listen to anything this queer bird has to say! Let him go back to McCain's apartment!
but THEY DID NOT SUCCEED! WE THE PEOPLE CHOSE DONALD TRUMP OVER ONE OF THE MOST EVIL WOMEN IN THE WORLD! DEAL WITH IT!
No way did they "interfere". Stop already.
Old news so old is irrelevant. Russians engaged in political propaganda SINCE DAYS OF STALIN to influence other States' political outcomes
USA guilty 2. U forgot Obama use of disinformation against Israeli Elections? How about JFK using KGB to smear Nixon @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump @BarackObama @HillaryClinton
If they interfered, this is not a legitimate presidency, no one in that administration should be there & We deserve a special election
Shut up, and go away Graham. You lost and will never be President, ever 
someone need to tell trump this
Are you fucking crazy?
funny how this one WASNT a video
BREAKING NEWS!
Shocking Repervlicans don't care about this
Please be our hero. For dems and r's
Give us a break on Russia; so Putin saw that our pols are are crooked as theirs, and he could not hold back @LindseyGrahamSC on Clinton.
who DID interfere
When is this lunatic going to get Russia didn't interfere it was a Clinton and Obama plus democrats why idiot
Tried and did. In fact, trying implies interference per se.
Russia DID interfere in election and because Trump was willing and open to it they succeeded. Candidates who love the US would never do it.
Everyone knows what Putin/Trump did. What are you going to do about it? Time is wasting. Get that mentally ill traitor out of the whitehouse
Ah, and there was No collusion w/@realDonaldTrump and Russia says Obamas intel head Clapper! Get msg to @SenJohnMcCain
AND FRANCE NOW!
I am beginning to think you are involved in #TrumprussiaCoverUp
This is not about leaks its about Treason. Wondering if you were swept up ?
Sen. Graham BUT it was clear N statements at Russian hearing there was NO COLLUSION by R President's team. INTENT by Russia/NOT COLLUSION
Senator Graham we already knew that. 
Yesterday, the entire committee agreed "this must never happen again."  Half meant "gettin' hacked", other half meant "gettin' caught." TP
Senator LINDSEY GRAHAM Made A HORRIBLE COMMENT On A OPEN MIC! He Said Quote "THEY TAKE THIS FREE PRESS THING TOO FAR"!
Possible TRAITOR!
@SenJohnMcCain Senators, do NOT let @realDonaldTrump and his minions off the hook.
But they didn't so give it a break.
Clearly. The real question is: was there collusion? Did Trump know of this and collide with Putin? No evidence of that thus far
And just like the French election, it had zero impact.
@LidseyGrahamSC So is that the Story you're Paid by Soros to stick with Give it up Liberal Lindsey
God I'm so sick of hearing about the Russians did it
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
I expect to see accountability!
Crazy people
Lindsey Graham is a lying twonk.
I think the Russians interfered with Grahams testosterone level. He now has zero!
In case we forget, the Obama administration sent staff to Israel to directly campaign against Netanyahu.  We're as bad as the Russians.
The @GOP ARE OKAY WITH RUSSIAN AGENT AT THE NATION SECURITY COUNCIL BUT HOW DARE HE GET OUTED let that sink in.
Russia retaliated against Clinton for screwing them on a deal to gain more uranium.
The Russians did not do it alone. Trump not only unlocked the door, he put out the welcome mat. You are compromising our nation's security!
Honestly... We should be thanking them for saving us from @HillaryClinton and a #globalist agenda which would kill the American Experiment
I don't  care waste money and time on trumped up hearings.The people spoke they voted for Trump.Russians had nothing  to do with it.
STILL... NO Trump/Russia collusion. Russia DID NOT alter the election. So basically.... NOTHING.
They didn't try. They succeeded beyond their wildest dreams.
#soreloser
The Russians tried and were successful not only in compromising the vote but also in compromising Republicans.
What about Soros?
If Graham believes that Russia is that ONLY country to try to interfere in our election he is more naive and misguided than I thought!
Hey Graham, where were you when Obama tried to interfere with Israel's elections?
Anyone that isn't bothered by Russia interfering in our election is a Traitor, or an idiot. How many ppl have died for our democracy?
And Trump. He colluded with Russia. We all know this. #Resistance
Thanks for that part Senator.
THE RUSSIANS R COMING, THE RUSSIANS R COMING IT WASN'T THE AMERICAN VOTER THAT DIDNT VOTE!!!!
Hey Regressive Libs since 2008 Kislyak conspired with Obama & Shrillery. How come nobody gave a crap?
The left-wing Media interfere in our elections, Russians interfered in a political campaign. Big difference.
#realnews: Clapper says "evidence" Russia HACKED election. @POTUS must realize that this depressed turnout in BLUE wall. HRC should be #45.
Sorry the People took a stand against corrupt, lying, murderers Killary and Obummer and voted in Trump!! Get Over It!!
Not one thing came from this Hearing! Other than Dems Dog and Pony Show. Then Cruz caught Ms. Thing in a lie! But didn't bust her on it!
#real news: Clapper - "To me, the evidence was overwhelming & very compelling that the Russians did this" (denigrate HRC & help elect DJT)
There is a steady drumbeat from some politicians who want open conflict with Russia. It seems we may be heading that direction.
#realnews: Clapper says evidence overwhelming & compelling, that Russians denigrated HRC to help elect DJT. Proves point @POTUS ILLEGITIMATE
No, @LindseyGrahamSC, the Russians didn't do anything. Put the neocon handbook down, slowly. SMH. #tcot
Of course they "tried" but when are the Dems. going to give up on this fake collision crap?!? @HillaryClinton lost the election, PERIOD!!
Trump was warned at least twice about Flynn.   He ignored Obama and fired Yates.  When news broke, he blamed Obama and smeared Yates JU
Did you catch the part when Clapper confirmed US intel got secret info  in late 2015 linking Trump associates to suspected Russian agents?DC
If the russia interfered why have no individuals been charged?
Really? Can't this Democrat move on? #firegraham
Russians exposed the dirty Dems n Dems trying to espouse the Russians. let them.both sink each othwr
No shit that's how we ended up with dump
Amazing that this RINO, has all of the proof, only will share with his good buddy McCain!!!
or was it the CIA making it look like Russia?
Why the hell would they want Trump?
How? How exactly did they interfere. Here we go 2017 with this big bad wolf syndrome the Russians did. what are you going to do arrest them?
Where is the proof Lindsey? Proof you know proof Sir! 
And the helped...??? Say it!!!
Right....and now what?
Tried?
Lindsey, thank you for your questions.  Please pursue the leakers. He/she/they broke the law in a very serious way. We can't let them off.
HOW?  By showing us just how corrupt the Dems are? Are you SERIOUS with this idiot logic?
At this point in time, what difference does it make!
Obama told Mitt Romney that was 50 years ago
Even Graham the ass does not know that. Where is HIS proof?
Hey Senator Linda Graham will you investigate Obama for interfering in the French election?
Ok Linsday and what about some proof for it?And don't tell me 17 intelligence agencies said that, they told us that Saddam have a WMD too
They didn't "try" they did, look at France for more evidence
With the help of Trump and Flynn, of course.  #treason #impeach
Accept that Donnie doesn't play fair.
Anytime a Republican tries to provide you with a modicum of truth they're a RINO, a Dem, A snowflake. One day your just going to have to
Killery did it she should of been little better candidate
In case no one was listening the. Russia's just hack and tried it influence the France elections too.  So they don't need any help
https://twitter.com/OpsecTCB/status/861730425915310080 …
The GOP(e) with Graham, McCain, and Ryan are really loving all this. #treasinusslime
The Russian did interfere and we got Trump
Actually the DNC and Obama administration meddled more than anyone. Actually the only provable meddling
he's a weasel.  He always has been
Graham is a jackalope. He does abosolutely nothing for his people. He is just a DEM pandering to their base
Duh.
And @POTUS Trumplethinskin is complicit. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Does anyone think there'd be all of this investigation had sec clinton won the election??  No way!
EXACTLY HOW MANY THOUSANDS OF ELECTIONS HAVE WE INTERFERED WITH AND FIXED OVER THE PAST 100 YEARS? ISRAEL WAS LAST I  HEARD OF
Time for your medication, Lindsey.
What about Obama's  interference in the election
It Was Putin And TRUMP ... Flynn Will tell you . TRUMP IS BEING BLACK MAILED CURRENTLY .WAKE UP PEOPLE
"Tried" to?
INDEPENDENT investigation and tax returns
Bull,no evidence whatsoever. Vote this rino out.
Tell POTUS dopey
WHAT
but fox swore upNdown that info was false
DUMP keeps calling it #fakenews
i mean we know he a liar but daum
it takes a redneck to belv
Tried to? Have you not been paying attention Huckleberry?
That's it numbbutts keep being party to sexist fake news @FoxNews
is this info credible
Yeah and it was the Russians that helped you loose ??
Hey dipwad closet Democrat... did the Russians change outcome of election by hacking Hillary's illegal sever that she should be in prison 4?
It's true. The Russians did try. Just like we tried to interfere with the French elections.
Evidence! Evidence! EVIDENCE !
Hillary lost because she was a poor candidate.
#TrumpRussia https://www.operationveracity.com/trump-scam/trumpinc.html …
Lindsey fairy Graham is the biggest unicorn in the RINO battalion. Throw the bum out.
And that's the operative word, TRIED. NO proof they did
So they also tried to interfere with France! Fix the intelligence stupid stop blaming the Russian's it's our problem!
#how about telling that to Don the con and your republicans dummies are covering up for there Don the con
How he know that..w out the FBI..lookin at DNC servers?..relying on questionable 2nd party..insane
Well hopefully next time they interfere they help get u out
Russia has been doing this for many years not only 2016 election cycle. It was hush hush as long as it benefited others?
OK Goober, 
a live microphone, it's show time!
Senator the Russians did it&tried to interfere Senator Graham  Double talk The Russians Did Interfere In Our ElectionsThat's the bottom Line
Really? What voting machine did the Russians rig? What voting precinct did the Russians undermine? One voter the Russians influenced? NOT!
Lindsey Graham as Walt Whitaker in the 2017 remake of "The Russians are coming, the Russians are coming".
LOL! You Russkis are having a meltdown. This is costing Putin Big Rubles.
What specifics!  I just here this flat assertion, but hear zero specifics.
