Trump ends the CIA’s covert program of arming anti-Assad rebels in Syria, a move likely to please Russia http://wapo.st/2ubqXXG 
It's absolutely true and you are complicit in doing literally nothing to stop him from selling us out to an enemy many of us grew up fearing
Syrians thankful to Trump for ending arming of alqaeda in Syria
The fact that all your comments are liberals bashing our @POTUS says a lot about YOUR agenda.
You and McCain will hang for treason soon, I hope..
newsflash: most syrians support Assad  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8xcs3Gwouw … @Gjoene @Souria4Syrians @sarahabed84 @Osman_Marwa1
You are in a position to stop the Trump trainwreck. Will you choose your country over your crumbling party? What will it take?
most syrians support president Assad
Stop whining on Twitter and stand up to this madman
It's not mad to stop arming Alqaeda
@washingtonposthttp://formoneyonly.com/?refer=119691
Christmas celebrated for first time in 5 years under Assad, women burning their burqas under #Assad men celebrated Assad!! #AmericaFirst
Follow up?
It's true as of this week the change to Russian policy in Syria. Trump agreed with Putin in one of his G20 meets .
Warmongering fool. Resign!
But hey, big win for Russia! 
If you actually give a damn, get that traitor out of our WH.
most syrians support president Assad
Well do something!!!!!!! @LindseyGrahamSC
I say we anihilate Russia with few strategically placed nuclear strikes.Maybe we kill them all; at least we will get our revenge for Hillary
lol...fuk u..of course they can since they aren't blowing $billions to Lockheed Martin for a boondoggle like the F35
SU-35 at #MAKS17 against the laws of physics...
Wow!
#Russia 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTyT0OfPq1k …
No. We should STOP ARMING TERRORISTS !!!!
Yeah, Poor Syrians. Now there will be less terror attacks. And we wouldn't want that, would we? War on Terror, and all...
Stop your lies Lindsey!
McCain's secret side business of arming our enemies that kill our soldiers & Christians is through!
Trouble is... ppl in @southcarolina elected him.
Imagine that.  Same ppl that elected @TGowdySC voted for Lindsey.
Stop. Supporting. Donald. Trump!
Country over party. This is a moment for statesmen not politicians. We are in trouble. Our president acts against out interest. Help us.
All you GOP must be for Russia. Didn't the polls show Repubs like Putin more than Obama? Traitors!
When will GOP stand up to Trump?
Nope : Syrians grateful to trump for ending support for alqaeda . @syrianasoldier @VanessaBeeley @JaniceKortkamp @Malinka1102 @sahouraxo
And you for allowing it. Take back your power!  Act, don't chat!
What happened to Bushs: 'you're with us or the terrorists  ' https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=-qdvm6h8WKg … @Partisangirl @oulosP @JaniceKortkamp @cynthiamckinney
Big win for Putin
I wonder why Trump would do this
@linda_wed1 @washingtonpost Sen Graham....I am out of words for what you and others have allowed since Jan 20.Mind-boggling
these are the rebels and muslim brotherhood that you support.They kill innocent http://Syrians.You  don't belong in DC your a traitor
If true?  HOW can you not know?  Cmon man
Lindsey, thanks for sharing your concerns publicly. Please please round up the other GOPers to impeach Trump while you still can.
most syrians support president Assad https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8xcs3Gwouw … Graham has no concern for syrians..has hew been to syria speak to them?
Why won't any  Republicans do anything about this traitor in Chief??!!!  You know that he is!!!  Start impeachment NOW before its too late!!
Big loss also for:
1. Warmongering #NeoCons
2.Militaro Industrial Complex 
3.Blood thirsty politicians bought by 2.)
#antiwar #Peace
Question: How is it that @LindseyGrahamSC doesn't know if this is true or not? Are you all really that uninformed about what Trump is doing?
The GOP is complicit in every foolish thing Trump does.  If it were not for your greed the GOP would see what a fool they are backing.
You'd think this would be motivation to act in the interests of the greater good
I hope we are not just 'abandoning' the rebels. If we are, it will further erode future efforts to find anyone to work with us in the M.E.
Please, we need the help of GOP to take this traitor out of office, before he lets Putin take over.
Time to grow a pair and become part of the resistance
Why don't YOU know this?????  trump doesn't talk to you either, I guess.
EVERYTHING that Obama did, trump wants to undo, even if it is the wrong thing to do AND especially if it is hurting Putin's BFF, Putin.
Currently you are ruled by Jews and you will follow his order
How about our standing in the world?
You Republicans talk a big game but never do anything.  Otherwise Trump would be gone by now.  DUH?
The secret meeting outcome? Putin keeps coming up all roses don't he?
Go in there and fist fight him like a man!
Please do something about getting him out of office!!
@LindseyGrahamSC You don't know?
I mean how will the heroic al Qaeda freedom fighters murder Americans if the CIA isn't supplying them with arms? That traitorous Trump!!!
If true?  And you can't find out?  Seriously?  RIP GOP :(
@LindseyGrahamSC which political side will you stand on today? You are just a transpolitition who stands where his pocket gets fullest!
Please stop him from destroying all of relations the US has built over years. Stop him from aligning with Russia. It's your job.
mmad man treasonous
I agree.
Pee pee tape is the least of trumps worries.. Financial records are what scares him.
Just like his taxes that he refuses to release. He is going down. Russian money is involved
They must be pretty bad to risk the presidency to keep them secret...
True.. but everything #45 has done since he was sworn in has been risky and shady
Instead of talking do something about it Trump is a Russian traitor he's working for Putin when are you going to do something about it
Duh, all the things that Putin wants. tRump is playing right into his hands. Wake up GOP!  When are u going to put country first?  Impeach!
Syrians attacked: jihadists
Arab partner: saudis who attacked wtc 9/11
Us standing ME= bullshit
I'm puzzled by your seemingly ambiguous attitude re: Trumpcare. You know very well it will kill people. Is this fine with you?
The middle east is a wreck , the people suffer 1000 times worse now than they did before ... This "evil dictator bullshit" is creating hell
balogney , Stop this agenda driven propaganda , the middle east is a DISASTER because of our "regime change" bullshit
But you voted for him and everyone of his cabinet picks. Spare me the crocodile tears. You and the rest of the @GOP own this insanity.
Big loss for deep state!
Drain the swamp
Take no prisoners
Drain DOJ while your at it!
.@lindseygrahamsc if you truly believe this, why aren't you working to get tRump out of the WH? He's stomping all over our Constititution
An agreement made with Putin during 2nd meeting at G20 dinner??
From Leading from behind mockery of #44 2 #outsourcing our nations defense 2 #Russia do something not just whine about it
Lindsey I live in Greenville and enough is enough.  This guy is crazy.  You need to stop supporting him America first not party first
How long do we keep giving to these countries who really just need to straighten the hell up ???
@washingtonpost Good! It's getting really hard to tell the bad guys from the bad guys
If by your Arab 'partners' you mean Sunni Saudis who are the bedrock of Al-Qaida and Daesh and murdering Yemenis, ur probably right
Lol. US is a bad joke in the world. Thank you for your participation
It's time for a 9/11 style commission regarding Trump's connections with Russia
Well you supported the con man... now live with it...
Suggest you study Islam and world history so you may have a clue about the Middle East for future statements
Stand up for America democracy!  Watch out you might be the next one, like Sessions, to be thrown out to dry in an interview. #TrumpRussia
Add #4:  those rebels backed by the US who will die now
Yeah, so do something about the Russian love in @realDonaldTrump having with Putin and you'll fix it.
Stop talking crap
Why do you keep saying "if true"? You could find out in like one minute.
Cut the crap Lindsey. This was never for humanitarian reasons & you know it. We have been arming ISIS as our proxies
Mr Graham not one person in our government seems to get Trump is a malignant narcissist in other words Satan.
For your friend
A big loss for terrorists, and for warmongers moral-lacking conflict-creating individuals like you.
Do somethng!
Trump is pure evil. He just needs to go!!!
It's so true, it hurts. Can the Senate do anything about this?
This is very worrisome.
You're all ok with Bannon/Koback/Pence/Trump destroying our country & its reputation. Eisenhower, JFK, Obama best presidents in my lifetime.
This is DJT decision 2 form a closer bond w/Ru. Our democracy is at stake bc DJT wants 2 make Putin happy. He is giving them their property

NO the y have not It is US who have funded, trained and weaponised terror around the globe Why? for US weapon industrialists
Senator - for the love of all that's holy, with no partisan rancour, lead a charge to rid the nation of this lying & dangerous menace.
Stop talking and take action!
Sounds like a big win for Putin.  I wonder what else Trump must to do work off that debt?
have you told Trump this? He doesn't seem to know.
#fakenews
You are either a weapon dealer or you are in one way or the other benefitting from it. Bloody warmonger.
WTF are you going to do about? Why do you let him get away with Russian collusion and not call him out? Follow the money get his tax returns
Isn't it time to take a couple of steps back and look at all the damage trump has done, is doing and will likely do, and do something?
You own Trump. He demands things of you. Demand back!
Sir Graham, thy King hath no concept of governing. Canst thou do ANYTHING to aid him in the ways of government? 'Tis not folly, 'tis tragedy
What do you mean, if true?!?!  Get in there and fight, Lindsey!
You wring yr hands. u could subpoena or investigate or if you were a chairman of a committee. Or if only u were part of the maj in Congress
Oh, i'm sure you're "deeply troubled" by this, just like all the other crap you've turned a blind eye to. Time to sh!t or get off the pot.
So...any chance you and the @GOP plan to do anything about it or nah?
More talk, no action.
It's downright treasonous...
Another favor that our president is doing for Putin.  Maybe that's what the private meeting was about.
what did you expect when you supported this guy, voted for his nominees and other bills he wanted?
Seriously, psych eval time.   Really
For Trump, sir...of course
Oh it's true, Senator.
Senator: In addition to plotting with Putin today Trump threated Bob Mueller. When are you guys going to shut him down?
U mean:
1)Syrians who've been relentlessly attacked by CIA funded ISIS"rebels"
2)Our terror sponsoring allies 
3.US imperialism in mideast

"A move sought by Moscow" and also anyone not in favor of arming Al Qaeda https://twitter.com/edatpost/status/887748113368219651 …
How bout y'all impeach the Manchurian President and get out foreign policy back on track before our standing in the world is lost
Those guys have not been paid for six months. Where does the MOC go?
Yes, but what will it take for you and fellow Republicans to get rid of this traitor.
Do you have anything more than words? Your words mean nothing, do nothing. Do something, or you are complicit. Coward.
Waiting for rank and file FBI, CIA to just go home and call in sick until competency comes back to WH.
Assad was the only one blessed to survive your relentless overthrows &  mass genocides. He protects Christians!
Lindsey you need to go. You are nothing more than an obstructionist.
Sen. Graham, this action is a direct result of Putin's private meeting with Trump. You should be calling for traitor Trump's resignation.
If that's not ceding that fight to Russia and Assad, then I don't know what it is.  And those anti Assad rebels will resent us to the end.
@LindseyGrahamSC Something is wrong with Trump and Putin. Please get to the bottom of it.
Seems to be true.  The US apparently gets nothing in return for this concession to Putin.
Syrian refugees aren't fleeing Assad they are fleeing the US and Russian bombs.
Oh no! What will we do without proxy wars 
This is a total disaster!
Do Something!
The GOP needs to stop trump soon or surely our country will never be the same.  This can't be allowed to happen.
Which do you think runs stronger: Trump's love for Russia or his hatred for America?
Please remove yourself from office! You are counter productive! I bet this was part of the Russia secret meeting#retire #useless
It's probably President Bannon's decision.
I wonder why Trump would not want to arm maniac killers with weapons to kill christians and muslims 
That is from YOUR president
You allow this to happen by supporting a lunatic @realDonaldTrump
Sen. Graham get your boy, stand up for This COUNTRY, be the patriot you claim to be and start voting common sense Country BEFORE party
So true... And I'm sending up prayers for your good friend & American hero @SenJohnMcCain. God is able.
It's time for you, @BenSasse , & other right thinking senators to right the ship. #CountryOverParty
I am sorry but the US arming of Isis was never a good idea.
Please get off the war wagon. We can't even win Afghanistan.
IF ITS TRUE?? HOW DO U and OTHER @SenateGOP not KNOW???? My gosh this is horrible.
@LindseyGrahamSC please don't act shocked - you have enabled him since day 1.
Your statement aren't news.We already know & understand this. 
WHEN will @housegop & @SenateGOP choose #CountryOverParty ?
Cc: @SenateDems
So what exactly is going on here? Has the U.S. now formed an alliance with Putin AND Assad???!!!!
You're responsible for this as well. Proud?
Yet you still won't stand against this crooked agnostic traitor
Donny is just trying to keep his boss happy.
#ImpeachTrump
When are you going to get that bunch together and stop him then?
If true what are you going to do about it?
You think trump cares?  Not a whit.  He is planning on the billions he will make in Russia after he is impeached and resigns from office.
Where are the checks and balances? 
Why is no one standing up to this?  Why is our WH being allowed to fall apart in front of our eyes?  Will Putin soon be in charge? Do yr job
But yet you keep going along with rolling over for Putin because Trump owes money in Russia. This is beyond ridiculous.
Stand up to him! You are a senator, not a helpless bystander!!
It is true and you sit and do nothing. Makes you complicit in his treason against U.S. for Putin. #ImpeachTrumpNow #Treason
YOUR GUY! He is a big lose for America.
Stand by your man.
good.  Russia is setting everything straight in Syria.
Put country above party and take a stand against Trump.
So DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! You have the power to impeach. Stand up and save America from the lunatic in the White House!
You're darn right it's bad! @realDonaldTrump moves benefit #Putin! #RussiaTrumpConnections are REAL! @washingtonpost
Big losses for the military industrial complex and big banks.

Big win for u.s. tax payers
does it really surprise or bother you? no one even questions what this administration does.
You should maybe like...talk to him about that then.
Maybe this was the hour long dinner conversation, an appetizer before the next sanctions are handed over to russia #doyourjob
So what are you going to do about this Senator?  Just stand by & watch more innocent babies be slaughtered.
Mr. Graham:. Please tell us what you will do if Trump fires Mueller.  Do you understand how disgusted and fearful the American public is?
"If true"...c'mon. 45 needs to show Putin  a sign of good faith. GOP continues to ignore Russian issue we keep losing leadership. #NotAHawk
PLEASE ....  forget party affiliation and DO somethingt o help us before this traitor has us speaking Russian.  I say NYET.
80% of Syrians live in government areas, the vast majority of Syrians oppose your terrorist groups.
It only took Putin an hour after dinner to convince him
So your admin aids and abets Assad now. Strong work.
Please continue to do what's right for the country. We need you desperately to stand up to @realDonaldTrump
Big win for Russia . DONALD Trump making Russia great again. Imagine why Ronald Reagan would thing about this.
Why have we not been involved witg helping Africa?
No oil there perhaps?
Full throttle to check off Putin's checklist. Guess Trump is changing sides in Syria.
So what are you going to do about it....nothing as usual
#DoYourJob
And yet there are people in the US too fucking stupid to connect the dots from Trump to Putin Wake the fuck up republicans!!!
@washingtonpost If true what are you going to do about it???
WTHWhere are the PATRIOTS ?
@SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorBurr @MarkWarner @SenFeinstein @SenWhitehouse
 @SenateDems @SenateGOP
Senator - the time is WAY PAST DUE TO ACT - Gather the Senators, Congressmen & Women & File the #impeachment Articles
#Trump = #PutinsPuppet
BREAKING NOW:  #Trump Threatens #Mueller
#ImpeachTrumpNOW - NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW

#Mueller PROSECUTE #Treason NOW
Big loss!!!! that's all you can say !!!! are you a traitor too
Is that it @LindseyGrahamSC ? just list what horrible crap happens & go on w the day? Ur a Senator act like one. Set an ex. Act like a man,
You support him stupid
Get rid of this loser! How much more money do we have to waste on all these investigations for the constant drip, drip, drip of the truth!
(1of2)I mean, I cannot even believe this is happening in our country! The country the world admired as good, fair, & ethical.& he is so
(2of2) blatant & shamelessly putting it out there! Congress- we look like fools! How many secrets is he going to reveal to Putin-the killer!
GET HIM OUT! Pense, tho not great, & I disagree w/ him on A LOT of issues, couldn't possibly put our country at the risk Trump is! PLEASE!
