Except to take property from people against their will?
Agreed. Bad moves by Sessions but doesnt decrease his integrity or right to be AG
His integrity was shot when he came out as a racist and now supports policy reflecting it. Oh. And lying under oath.

If his policy didn't reflect his racism and ignorance, it wouldn't be a problem. But it does and it is.
His policy? Which policy?
Mandatory minimums. Going after states rights for pot/The "war on drugs." dismantling the forensics committee. Civil asset forfeiture.
None of these things are race based
If Session believes in tbe Rule of Law he should prosecute those who break the and not recluse himself, he disqualified himself.
A religious man...similar to those who have been at war for over 2000 years
Does that law include lying while under oath???
he just will not go after the swomp thats you
@SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan need to publicly draw a line in the sand on this issue.
That is all true. But DJT needs loyal people around him if he is to get results vs his agenda.  Sessions has been invisible for 6 months!
Get trump out
WE TH PPL, WILL HONOR YOUR REQUESTS, AND VOTE YOU OUT! BELIEVE US IT WILL B OUR PLEASURE TO KICK YOU OUT AND ALL WHO WILL NOT SUPPORT TRUMP!
Lindsey Graham is a wimpy RHINO and a rock-solid Liberal but above everything else he like to show-boat, be in front of a camera and talk!
Too bad your president disagrees.
Encourage him to stay. Let Donald fire him.
Or women, Trump ass kisser.
Then he needs to lock up some crooks from the swamp. We know they are there.
Was it really that bad having a black president?
Then why does Sessions support seizure of assets of American citizens on suspicion of wrongdoing vs conviction? Immoral & undemocratic.
if you're brown or black, your results may vary...
The DOJ under Sessions has become a joke, daily WH leaks & no investigations, Dems run the FBI, Hillary exempt from the law. Ridiculous!!!
You are not a "rock solid conservative", you should ask Jeff for some lessons..
Jeff Session had better start defending the Trump/stop recusing from Clinton investigation.
It looks bad feeding the president to liberals.
He is a lie-under-oath racist who should have never been given AG. If Trump terms him and gets AG to term Muller, we go from bad to worse.
More than can be said about you RINO
True that! What the hell is wrong with you though?
Yes, we do see all of Jeff Session's great work, but he also needs to defend the President. All republicans need to defend the President.
When will your party grow a pair and completely denounce Trump? What are u waiting for? He embarrasses USA everyday.
Are you really sure?
No doubt... Racist, vote suppressing loon that wants pot smokers in prison... No sympathy.
You're correct, but Sessions should stay. If Trump fires home another straw added to the camel's back.
...His Highness Mr. Trump doesn't like disloyalty to him.  Out with Sessions.  In with: Rudy...out with the: Constitution ...In w/ Facism.
He still doesn't know the war on drugs didn't work yet he's hell bent on cracking on weed which is harmless.
@ElianaBenador called the Peter Principle. Sessions has advanced to his level of incompetence. Undermined by career staff
Laws....You mean all the laws the Clintons have broken and are still free
No new prisons for profit! We shld be tearing some down & rehabbing lives w/education, jobs & job training. Backwards, fearful leadership...
But you have to agree Trump has a point. To me Sessions was worried only about himself when he recused himself.
AG Sessions needs to do his job. Who is looking into the crimes committed by previous AG and FBI Comey & Clinton - you & Congress hasn't
Um he broke the law by lying to congress. Remember? He works every day to strip voting rights from Americans who r not white.
Sessions is paying the price for trusting an incoherent raging lunatic. What a shit show.
@Twitter @nytimes Pick a side. I have lost patience w your with him on this & against him for that. He's a menace & you should rebuke him.
Choke on those words. If we were a nation of Laws, Hillary would be in jail as would a long line of your colleagues in the Swamp.
Speed up Senate investigation.impeach Trump or you could be next on the chopping block
Sessions also supports re-instituting the failed war on drugs. He's a troll whose values are inconsistent with American values
Jeff sessions wants to use the law to oppressed minority groups in this country. Revive profit motive for incarceration
A nation of white men who want to give white privilege to whites only. You suck
And you'll still sit by and do nothing when he's fired by the idiot in chief as long as it means tax cuts for millionaires. So helpful 
Again, I agree completely, the Russian story is a Fairytale and the DNC is corrupt and nothing is being done. How is that fair or justice???
Then why did he promote civil forfeitures?
Session is a racist crook but all of that aside he is going to get SHIT-CANNED and you won't do a damn thing about it.
Women? People? Watch your mindset!
He's a Bigot and Neanderthal.
So why did he back a guy who has no respect for the rule of law? Lie with dogs, get up with fleas. Sessions no longer has an credibility.
Hope Sessions hangs in there. 45 will just continue to fire anyone who doesn't support his fight to keep his business  secret. SAD
He is all law and zero grace.
Maybe he shouldn't have lied under oath to Congress?
Rule of law? Kinda funny he got amnesia when Russia is involved.
There is a crime family in the White House and you support them.

It doesn't matter anymore. 
The Constitution is just paper, if people ignore it. 
More dark days are coming, and it's hard to watch
No, he met with Kislyak and conspired. We just need him to stay so Trump can't try a bigger funny one.
Someone should inform @POTUS of the law
Lindsey, the rule of law applies to you too..tick, tock
I think you may be giving him too much credit. He may believe, but do his deeds reflect it?
Just get a wife, maybe you would think well
You mean the same Racist Sessions that lied under oath?
omg finally a Republican who stands up for whats right.  There needs to be a line when morals and decency come b4 winning.
Is men.2 something we don't know about? Why do they need laws?
As far as I am concerned everyone that got their hands dirty over this president deserves what they get. You really think Trump has values?
Then make that lawless POS TRUMP go to prison where he belongs!
Quit your job
Sure he is. You still believe that. Lol
WHAT? 
FACT:  You are one nation under Trumpy Twitler.
Go Trump  drain the swamp
IT IS YOUR CIVIL, PATRIOTIC DUTY TO RETWEET THIS TO EXPOSE THE BLATANT ACT OF FASCISM & CORRUPTION BY THE #DNC: http://www.politicaloutsource.com/2017/07/us-intelligence-veterans-believe-russian-hacking-was-inside-job-by-dnc.html …
Hang in there Jeff, Alabama is with you
I remember when he stood up for you when Trump was giving you the treatment. Oh wait, nope. That didn't happen.
Is this a joke? Lied about his contacts with Russians during campaign. You guys are amazing- have you no shame? We're shamed for you.
Thank you Senator Graham.  What will you do about this unprecedented unqualified President?
Jeff S. Knew exactly what he is getting himself into when he jumped on the trump wagon. He just never thought they get caught
Go have another beer lindsey, you're babbling....
Then why did he collide with the Russians?
Whatever dude
If such a great guy why isn't he taking care of business.  More to the story
*Rock solid racist. There, fixed it for you.
Ha, he has no idea. He is a racist bigot.
Then go after the damn left-wing criminals.
Then when will are party stop ball washing trump?!?!? This man is destroying our country!!!
I was reading this quickly and thought it said "believes in RuPaul", which would have been awesome.
So that's why he lied to congress? How confusing.
He's a racist and a perjurer!
@LindseyGrahamSC stop playing this I'm a center of the road good guy. You are not. Idly stand by with vague scolding of .obstruct 44 #ufake
Was known as Sean Spincter at Conn College.
If you are correct then why is HRC not behind bars!  Pathetic
DOES HE REALLY, LINDSEY?!!!
Lindsey's words, though I agree with him, mean nothing. Vote him out.
Umm, please review the evidence on this.
Then why did he perjure himself?
Yes so much so that he's willing to take people's possessions from them without even charging them with a crime! Is that the rule of law 
to bad you aren't a rock solid conservative.
Bullshit!
You mean the rule of law as it pertains to white men?
Sessions has turned the Justice Dept into a TOTAL WITCH HUNT against Trump...Sessions has turned the Justice Dept over to political HACKS!
So is the Senate telling DJT that they will not confirm another AG if he fires Sessions? No? You're all talk no walk! Continue to bow down.
When do we start impeachment?
That's why Hillary Clinton needed to be looked into
With Trump in the White House, action or inaction in this case, belay your words.
Support impeachment now if you really care about the survival of our Republic. Thanks.
Do you believe in the Rule of law ? I'll wait
Indeed....
Laws to be broken mainly by @GOP , SAD!!
.@jeffsessions don't let the bully trample all over you.
He perjured himself to get confirmed. And no republican has suggested holding him to account. Believes in the rule of law but not for him.
No, he actually doesn't seem to understand that. HE LIED UNDER OATH AT HIS OWN CONFIRMATION.
#John McCain I WISH CAN MEET U! A TRUE HERO IM4U
 Get well soon!
+~>/~>+
U neeeed 
&
+TAKE CARE+
 GOD BLESS TY SIR
No, he lied under oath. Where is your integrity Senator?
Really? But perjury okay in court under oath?
As Poor Single Black Woman,I respect Iuv #John McCain He honorable man that never meet but hope 2! It's not #HealthCareVote it's what's fair
Encourage Sessions NOT to resign!!! Trump is a cowardly critic who won't address a sub behind close doors vs. public humiliation.
Really? Words are empty and his actions speak treason
If that is true how can he leave Hillary Clinton in the clear when she destroyed evidence just because her name is Clinton A G should resign
Session and You and Trump and the rest of the GOP are treasonous opportunists who have sold our country out.
Sad to observe that Sessions wants to manipulate the legal landscape back to 1850.
horse shit he works for the president and not the senate. He blew it. He should quit
Lindsey Graham you're pathectic!
Shut up
We're hoping that's true
Can anyone blame our President for trying to stop a witch hunt against his entire family If it takes firing Sessions so be it#MAGA
Gee. Then why don't you vote as if that matters?
Words words words words words I'm voting yes
Tell that to POTUS and when you say it say it strongly and to the public at the same time.  DC is failing.
The president does not believe that you need to tell him
No.
Do u?
Unfortunately we have a POTUS who believes in the Rule of Trump and u and your brethren r ok with it
Quit preaching, and get in that Chamber to cast your vote to placate Trump and kill a bunch of Americans, like a good boy.
Well that's good and all.
Unless of course blacks and browns are involved.
Didn't you see his last testimony? He believes in laws for some but not people like himself and T
If Jeff Sessions believed in the rule of law and looking into crimes, Hillary would already have testified in front of a Grand Jury.
Rich white men though, right? And certainly not women. To the GOP we are disposable and the defense they use is the prosperity gospel.
Then if Trump fired fired Sessions and then Mueller gets fired,  I Expect AND Demand that you support an Independent Counsel #ReHireMueller
Ummm.... Not really seeing that.... Had you inserted "white" or "rich" in some places, then maybe....
Jeff Sessions lied to the Senate's face about his conversations with Kislyak. Twice. Are you going to DO anything about that?
Believes in the Rule of Law, my ass.
Trump doesn't respect the rule of law or the Constitution.
No sympathy here. Both are crooked.
He lied multiple times in his confirmation hearings. How does that show he believes in the rule of law?
Do not let this crazy person pressure you to vote on a bill you haven't seen.  STAND UP FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.  I believe in you!!!
Agree.
So the gov't stealing via Asset Forfeiture (no conviction required!) is adhering to the rule of law? Have you to read the Constitution RINO?
Is rock solid conservative code word for racist?
It is nowadays.
Is the GOP going to do something about @realDonaldTrump ? Or do the American people have to remove Trump South Korea style????
Demonstrated brainless, spineless & gutless A-G @jeffsessions is a member of President John Trump's cabinet, not yours. @POTUS @seanhannity
Then what are u waiting for??? Start recruiting republicans for impeachment. This president is hiding something. Thinks he is above the law
So what?  In the end all you GOP traitors will back Trump if push comes to shove. You have no loyalty to the Constitution.
Nah, he's a racist who was made AG because he conspired with RU and was willing to hide GOP collusion-- but he perjured himself
Stand up Republicans!!!! You have a BULLY in the pulpit who thinks he's a Mussollini or worse yet, a Putin! He has no regard for the laws!
Clarification: Nation of laws for white men, not brown people. Right?
No he doesn't! He perjured himself and wants to crack down on marijuana, which is legal in many states!
yeah, sure it is
You're missing the point. He took the job, then left our @POTUS naked. That is unacceptable!
He believes in the laws that he's going to make
Where do you fall on "The Rule of Law" Senator? America is watching!
Why did sessions lie before Congress? That's a felony. He's a law BREAKER and you did nothing
So why dosnt he school POTUS on the rule of law?
You are not a nation of laws, and have not been for the last 6 months. You are a nation of GOP political expediency, led by a criminal.
Whose going to want to be Acting AG for 6 months, anyway? That is the longest Trump has gone without firing someone
He's a racist Lindsey
Yes, he does belive in the "Rule of Law" as long as it fits his philosophy of Black and White: White Males Rule, all others follow.
GET your party together and convince them they better go to Trump and threaten impeachment if he tries to obstruct justice.....
How can your party allow Trump to manipulate the system for his own purposes....he is skirting the law and you are allowing it.....!
Show the people, even that 35 40% that Trump is must be guilty of something if he is trying to stop an investigation........
In 1776 we stopped King George.....now you MUST stop Trump.....there is a reason for checks and balances......get to it !!!
One man cannot have this much power, ....he is going to get away with this if you sit back and only tweet or complain....ACT NOW.....!
ACT NOW OR THERE WILL BE ANOTHER AMERICAN REVOLUTION.......
Then he needs to start enforcing the law and prosecute known offenders...like HRC, JComey, other leakers!  #doyourjob
Rule of law for rich white men and only men,women and PoC aren't equal in his ideology.Little more than servants or slaves to him.
are you saying he isn't "beleaguered" as your monster proclaimed him to be? How about obama is he still from Kenya, Muslim?
@LindseyGrahamSC Hillary did A CRIME& A CRIME is a crime- your as wrong as you statement & what is so WRONG is that you Lindsey KNOW this
Which is why he perjured himself in his confirmation hearings, right?
The Rule of Law? Sessions? The bigoted perjuror? The treasonous colluder with various Putin spys? The money launderer? The non-recuser?
So fight back and refuse to pass hasty legislation to appease a conspiratorial baby-man. You wanna change ACA, go for it, but let's debate.
Rock-solid but lies under oath. True GOP
Please don't let him bully you Senator Sessions
in other words , a dying breed of republican!
IT'S TRUE HE'S STRONG SUPPORTIVE BUT HE NEED TO STAND UP AND PUT AN END TO THE DEMS. COLLUSION,
...But perjury and back door dealing is perfectly fine
Fantastic sentiment but when are YOU going to stand up against 45? How about NOW #ProtectOurCare #reignIn45
You mean 44 and a half.
He is a full blown racist. While he doesn't deserve the way he's being treated, karma is bitch.
Good lord dude! Sessions isn't that sensitive
So, now that he's hurt YOUR friend, will you help us to end his reign of terror?
Are you drunk?
When you support amnesty, so you are the last person, I would take recommendation for "Rule of Law" and who is "Conservative" #weneedfight
He is a racist
Is there some law about destroying evidence? Bleachbit or hammer?
When Sessions recused himself he turned the entire DOJ over to the Deep State. FAIL/FIRE!
Sessions is too NICE for the AG job. I suspected as much when he was rewarded for supporting DJT. There was no reason for him to recuse.
Sessions is barely better than Trump. The country will be stronger when he has no power.
