#GrahamCassidy plan to #RepealAndReplace #Obamacare has my support. It ought to be brought to the senate floor
No HEALTHCARE FOR ALL IS GOOD FOR EVERYONE. SENATOR GRAHAM IS NOT FOR THE PEOPLE BUT FOR HIS PARTY!!

#GreatReads: The staggering hypocrisy of Bill Cassidy and Lindsey Graham: http://bit.ly/2xkjGXg  @mattyglesias 
So is cheesecake, but it ain't gonna fix healthcare.
Federalism tend to agree w unless its purpose is to deprive Northern poor.
Grandchild's medicaid heart surgery got delayed today til nxt yr.
Will they gamble she'll survive cuz funds taken?
My husband died immed after an ins caused delay.
Kill her too?
We have a DNA problem. Do u propose we all move? To search for a state tht grants better chance at right to life?
South Carolina stands to lose $2.8B in medicaid funding. Your bill would destroy health and lives. Shameful.
You are completely ignorant Linsey Graham & prayerfully next election yet you will be completely dismissed.
@JeffFlake 
FEDERALISM?
DONT U RLY MN DESTROYOURHEALTHCAREISM?
YVE BN RCH WHTE & PRVLEGED 4 SO LNG U CNT C FOREST 4 TREES!
Unreal. The blood of many Americans is on your shoulders.
You would it doesn't  do anything
Members of Congress (not staff or family members) can receive free or low-cost health care that the average citizen cannot access.
You will not be forgotten but the people you're taking health care away from.  Come meet real America.  You're both evil.
This worship of Federalism when the free market has failed to deliver Healthcare & people have died & gone bankrupt is sickening. 
@nytimes
Federalism can't deliver decent & affordable Healthcare to all Americans when the health of patients is valued less than Corp. profit. #GCHJ
There's a special corner in Hell for those who would harm the sick and the poor.  Single payer now!!!
No, you betray us.  If you do bring legislation, it should be thoroughly discussed and debated.  Shame on you and shame on @JeffFlake
Listen to the people you keep mentioning. Save it not kill it. Make it better.
Obamacare saved my life. As a small biz preexisting condition, I couldn't buy insurance! #shameless
If you're not a billionaire donor, @LindseyGrahamSC and @GOP don't care about your life #GrahamCassidyBill #ProtectOurCare
Federalism is better than the ACA? What planet are you on? I suppose you have never had to choose medical care over food. #privilege
Have you actually polled people in your state if they want good affordable insurance or nothing at all? Why take what's there away? All LIES
What is wrong with you people???  How can you be so cruel!!!  You should be required to have the same shitty healthcare you want for us!!
AND FLAKE NEEDS TO GO in 2018! POS.. his OVER-reaction in Charlottesville was uncalled for...I think YOU and others KNOW he is NO RACIST!
You place ideology over the actual welfare of the American people. And you're proud of that?

To #Congress: Graham-Cassidy would result in millions losing coverage, destabilize insurance markets, decrease access to affordable care. 
It’s not federalism. It is corporatism at its worse. Letting corporations continue to gorge over our hard earned health dollars.
Federalism is a political philosophy.  Affordable Care Act protects people with pre-existing conditions from losing coverage.  NOT THE SAME.
Exactly. It is a false equivalency.
It's a pretty slick little bit of political PR sleight-of-hand... turn focus from people's actual health to states' rights malarky...
I seem to recall past "state's rights malarky" that originated in SC around 1860s. Another red herring aka false flag
States Rights was over being taxed 70 percent for Products (cotton,peanuts,tobacco, and other farm products) while the north paid no tax.
Well, no. Look at SC state's seccession docs. What was mentioned 30 times in SC's doc? Slavery. How many times was tax issue? ZERO
Reference: Declaration of the Immediate Causes Which Induce and Justify the Secession of South Carolina from the Federal Union.
This will be another embarrassing defeat. Have you not yet learned that people like Obamacare? You're a sad little man
Saving lives is better than Federalism
@JeffFlake Federalism has NOTHING to do with healthcare. Maybe you folks should go back to school and study up.

Appreciate you helping kill off the poors.

Plutocracy is better than compassion. #GrahamtoEnglishDictionary
Hey Lindsey, can you please explain why you are so dedicated to seeing me dead?
.@LindseyGrahamSC Have you lost your mind!?!?!?!?!
Well Thank You Lindsey 'Dr Mengle' Graham. Guess you'll just skip those death panels y'all worried about and just go straight to death 
No, no and no.  You know better than this nonsense.
If you don't want to be re elected just quit, and take your president with you.
How could you betray the people who voted you in? We trusted you.
Idiot
This is not federalism. This is heartlessness.
Isn't a properly working Senate more important than passing a Bill?  Please work towards using regular Order. A legacy to be proud of.
Your retirement would be the best service you can give US. How dare you sell American well being for self serving power? Shameful!
... If you persist, I will be work tirelessly to end your tenure in the senate.
..but not now.  what are you thinking?  Where are your views for those citizens who will be directly affected bu your vote?...
I hold liberal views, but have always viewed you as as willing to work across the aisle for the good of the citizens of this country...
Shame on you
Sold out THE American People. Sacks of dong!
shame on you
Bad idea - especially in states that typically don't speed money on the poor, sick & disenfranchised.
America will see a MASSIVE number of bankruptcies & financial ruin. A middle class decline. Credit ratings destroyed
Tell me, how do you know? You don't have a CBO score.

People uninsured are lower than before Obamacare. Don't be a villain and ruin that.
@SenJohnMcCain IS THIS RETURNING TO REGULAR ORDER, PASS HEALTH CARE WITHOUT BIPARTISIAN SUPPORT?? NO COMMITTEE HEARINGS??? SO DISGUSTING
thanks for choosing Ideology over the will of the people !   #GOPtreason #traitors #collaborators
End Employer Mandate allows end employee health insurance as part of compensation. Thatś cut in my salary. Whoś side you on? not mine.
@JeffFlake you boys seem in an all-fired up hurry to get this passed before the public realizes the poop sandwich it is!
It's really not good for anybody!
@JeffFlake As a SC resident I would love to hear how this bill is better than O'care as I have a pre-existing condition.
I don't know how you sleep at night.
You will own the catastrophic results.
Call it by its actual name. #ACA, then let's see who wants to repeal. Calling it Obamacare riles up the masses against it.
You're hopelessly out of touch and it will be your undoing.  Not just no, but HELL NO.
It goes nowhere with the impotent Republican party.
#NotAllLivesMatter
What the hell does "federalism" have to do with it? That term does NOT mean "F**k the citizens of the United States."
#lindseygrahmracist
Look who came out against it
Single payer universal healthcare gentlemen
This bill is a disgrace.  Retire.
So do I
Sen Graham I worked in insurance prior to my lung transplant - not fooling me. This bill is a disaster & death sentence! #GrahamCassidy
More BS . McCain will vote for his friend at the expense of the rest of us
Pre*
More garbage fire legislation that will throw us back into the dark ages of ore existing conditions

How could you sponsor such a cruel, heartless bill? We need #MedicareForAll
Unless you have had cancer, high blood pressure, depression, back injury, etc. etc. etc. then you are screwed.
Sad!
Lindsey Graham should resign immediately, the only thing he brings the people of South Carolina is shame.
The name sounds like a winner.  I hope it works out.  I would REALLY like to be able to pick a Doctor I like instead of settling.

Lindsey, you should know better! This bill is a complete disaster.  Read it and weep - for America.
Come on ! FLAKE is his name. Did anyone expect him to say anything different? Look how he voted last time.
32 million will lose covg. If you find yourself holding the hand of a loved one slipping away who would have survived-remember these names.
NO!!! Do not repeal!!!
.@LindseyGrahamSC  @JeffFlake this healthcare proposal is ridiculous. It is the delayed removal of healthcare insurance from millions
Gov of AZ and even Jeff Flake amnesty-hawk have signed on to #GrahamCassidy. The friend of Lindsey Graham RINO John McCain ??
From a common sense perspective, this push to overhaul the $ 4 trillion healthcare industry in 13 days is pure insanity!
Arizona and South Carolina? Are you being funny again Lindsay? How many Americans will you throw off medicaid? Federalism =GOP defeat in '18
I worry about CA because we have a terrible governor but it's a good idea.
Very Sad @ very BAD This is beneath you L Graham Look at what your friend is going through CANCER Were he not a Senator, he'd be w/o care!!
Millions will die.  But you are going to forward with it anyway.  Shame on you
Tell your buddy McCain to go home.
Still has tax in it?
Your bill is dead!it would screw the people of NH and that means it would screw up healthcare for other states like Ohio.
If it's so good, why doesn't it cover you and your ilk?

Graham Cassidy = Trumpcare
Way to listen to the people and give them what they want!  #dumbass #lies
Seriously?  Very disappointed in you.
how does the CBO feel about your bill sir?
You should be ashamed of what you're trying to do.
Sen Graham, we voted for #TrumpPenceAgenda Please don't disappoint us again!
You really hate Americans don't you?
Where can we find it on the web?
If Jeff Flake likes it that gives me pause. #nevertrump. #needstogo. #MAGA!
All good, but will traitor @SenJohnMcCain show his true colors again?
#Fuck you
You don't listen to anyone do you? #GrahamCassidy strips Medicaid from vets
Stick it to the Trump Voters Senator
To you & your ilk graham hatred is better than healthcare for non rich Americans GOP = Get Over Poorpeople
No. It's not.
My 10 y/o daughter w/special needs & health issues would like 2 thank you 4 not giving a damn if she lives or dies *slow clap & eye roll*
Drop your own taxpayer funded health plan and pension first. Single payer for all! #SinglePayer
It does not surprise me that the 2 of you support a bill that wii strip people of the right for medical care and bankrupt them.
If #GrahamCassidy is really best way forward, maybe there could be some hearings so some health policy experts could confirm?
How are you defining "federalism" here?
Shame on you for putting politics before the people of this country.
No no no #full repeal
I am not in favor of the Graham-Cassidy bill. Please do not go through with it. Many Americans will be thrown off healthcare. -Dem, PA.
@JeffFlake Ask American citizens what they think? Remember 17% approval of 1st bill? Or R U treating us like 2yr olds & Senate knows best?

This is not a good idea. Medicare is a good idea. Why can't we all have healthcare?
Shame on you, Graham, for trying to harm people with gerrymandered funding. Withdraw your support & speak against this bill. 
#GrahamCassidy
No one's Nana has an extra 3k laying around for health care which is what it will cost each senior with this horrible bill.  #GrahamCassidy
Another tax cut for the wealthy halthcare bill.  Is the only language you know Lindsey?  How many will have to die in your name?
Hallelujah Amen 
Graham and flake should be embarrassed this is the same old same old they'll own it I hope  they know that and reconsider it's bad for all
No,healthcare protections (ACA)better than dishonesty sold as an "improvement" Your bill doesnt protect Lifetime caps/pre-existing/poor WHY?
No on the latest Trumpcare. NO. NO NO. NO. NO. NO.NO. Hear me Lindsay...Nooooooooooo.
Absolutely NOT!!! Senator I thought you were better than this! Your plan only works if you don't NEED Healthcare
#CountryBeforeParty
2018 cannot come soon enough you don't listen to the people we want you to fix the ACA we don't want to lose her healthcare no more lies
Federalism my ass. This is kicking millions off insurance you ghoul.
It's a very dark time in the history of the United States with the elite GOP party at the helm.
No, single payer is better than ACA and much better than your tax cut for the rich health care plan.
Federalism is divisive. It is the anthisesis for "...a more perfect Union".
Federalism!!!! This will come back and bite your ass harder than you know. Short sightedness and mean spiritedness were not expected from u.
You two are an embarrassment to the office and to our country. There is no room in any heaven for those who attack the weak and the sick.
You're a rino but i do like your bill.
Hey Lindsey, you look tired and should probably sit down and rest. Here I found this for you to sit on.
@LindseyGrahamSC DAMN, MAN.  GET IT GO.
Just leave it alone. Your plan will decimate healthcare for millions. You are making things worse, not better. Give it up!
Lindsey I would be wary if Flake is on board
And please, please, please defund PP.
NO.
Sen Graham & @JeffFlake Plz use regular order in the Senate and have bipartisan discussions about health care. This matters to our country.
People need healthcare not a bunch of politicians trying to score points.  You should be ashamed.
Just tell us what your price tag says! We want to know how much Trump paid for your support. #disgrace #Resist #sleazy #boughtandpaidfor
If @JeffFlake is on board, it says this is a bad bill
Why are you doing this?  What happened to you?
Traitor. Trying to save your job, I see.
You are my senator. Please pull this bill. I can't believe you would allow people with pre-existing conditions to be left on their own. 
Na na na na hey hey hey goodbye.
This is why you will lose.
THIS IS A TERRIBLE PLAN!!!!!!!!
Stop
@jeffflake @deanheller @JimCassidy48 Is Congress going to get same healthcare? Are you willing to harm ppl like @senjohnmccain like that?
You're so DESPERATE to throw millions off Health Care JUST to get a bigger tax cut for billionaires, huh?
Very lifting to see you @LindseyGrahamSC working hard at this!  Keep going!   Make America great again!
People who boast about making HealthCare Inaccessible using cute parliamentary rules. Wow.
So when ppl start to die where do you this will go? I find history repeats. Other periods w/immense suffering- France 1790's; Russia 1917. 
No one wants this
Along PreX conditions to be denied, lifetime treatment caps, and increases after getting sick? No, Lindsey. You will be killing people.
This plan is no better then the last one sen Graham and you said that was a  fraud remember! Don't do it! Wrong work together for the people
@SenatorTimScott  It is not!! You will hurt hundreds of thousands of us in SC, bankrupting many of us as well. Just cuz you have no plan! 
Sometimes you seem like a decent guy then you remind us you suck
Voters please remember the politicians that take away your health insurance and vote them OUT
Please help the 55-64 age group who has no insurance! We are terrified! Repeal #ACA now!
You mean States Rights. That worked really well starting the Civil War and protecting Segregation in the South. Shameful bill.
THE REST OF US DO NOT! STOP THIS
It does not represent equality nor the tenets of the U.S.:   'ALL are created equal...right to LIFE....'   Health care translates to LIFE.
No it is not.
Federalism is just agree to share powers with states. Not a QB sharing a rapidly deflating health football with teammate who drops it.
God would never support this evil bill to harm our poorest/sickest/children/seniors. SHAME ON YOU. Putting politics before compassion=EVIL.
I'm guessing, from the ongoing negative responses, that it's a BIG FAT NO!!!
This is terrible.


No.

Why is the GOP so ignorant on health care?
He's a flake like you--how can you even believe #GrahamCassidy is the best way forward? A HUGE risk to our lives!
