You sure this President has even realized that he's the President? His response was to criticize his predecessor, he's still campaigning.
The despicable orange man blames everyone but himself for issues and takes credit from people when things occasionally go right
No, he's making all NEW mistakes.
President Obama asked for authorization from Congress. You ignored the request. We remember. Also, we have Trump's Twitter archive. Shameful
You know the same Putin that interfered with our democracy props up Putin? You think the puppet will help? Disgusting. Shame.
*props up Assad
... it's not the president, it's your party that's the difference here. Once your actions betray your words; untrustworthy
We will see if he does what he. Should do.
I'd be happy if @realDonaldTrump  would just accept refugees from Syria. Increased military activity will cause more civilian casualties.
I predict if Trump tries to get tough with Syria and Putin, we will see evidence from Putin that Trump colluded to win the election.
Trumps past activities bar him from doing much, and if he does, they will Permit Putin to establish chaos. That is why Trump need to go .
Right! He'll make a whole bunch of different mistakes.
Too late
no he makes his own very special one of a kind mistakes...
you're the only one then.
Put the real question is will Putin let him? #SyriaGasAttack #Syria
I'm sure there are many more new mistakes he will make.
So you voted for Obama to go into Syria.  Come on Lindsey, yes or no on war. Stop being a Monday morning commentator
@SenateGOP is why Syria wasn't stopped by #O-Great1 stop propaganda lying we all r on to u and u r done! #voteGOPOffplanet #TheResistance
Correct. Your president will do nothing except blame his predecessor.
Are you mixing you meds or something? 
the dipshit just played into Russia's hands.  Certainly you see that, why not admit it?
He's perfectly capable of, and actively making his own yuge mistakes, and you are complicit. We will remember, and so will history.
Appointing a Sec. of State who legitimizes Assad's regime isn't a great start.
Think again!
Trump will make certain that Putin's OTHER puppet suffers no problems for his war crimes!
The point is, whereas Putin supports Assad, Trump blamed America for the gas attack. It's exactly what Putin would want Trump to say.
You're becoming his goon. You'll do anything he wants.
Why are you politicizing genocide, including the murder of children??? Please stop playing games and HELP THEM.
Leah, Obama asked Congress for approval to go into Syria and Lindsey said nothing, he just kept quite. Does he want a war, yes or no?
Perhaps it's time to observe a season of silence?? What tattered shred of respect I have for you is fading. #alternatefacts #studyhistory
You mean by asking Congress to authorize military action as required by the Constitution? Thanks, Obama
He'll make much worse mistakes
His 'mistake' re:Assad was going to the Senate & asking for authorization from a gang of obstructionists who nixed it. Now of course u crow.
Lindsey, were you one of those that denied Obama the authorization to respond in Syria when he asked for it?
Obama drew a line in sand but let Assad cross it. Graham wanted Obama to stand firm and stop Assad.
Obama asked Congress for authorization to take on Syria. Republican Congress REFUSED that! Let's don't pretend Obama ignored the situation!
well, of course not.  Russians have a whole different take on Assad, Comrade.
This President is totally unstable. I don't follow your line of thinking?
.@LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS Mrs. Graham, I believe that POTUS should follow his predecessor's lead and POTUS #ReleaseYouTaxes you 
More
Really?! He's friends with Assad's biggest supporter! #peopleoverparty #resist
And here I thought you were smarter than that.
Don't hold your breath.
Shame on you.
I have seen some tweets from you that have led me to believe you may be reasonable.  What happened?
this "president" is in kahoots w/Russia & will do what Putin says! #Impeach45 #TrumpRussia
He already is!
Beliefs aren't facts and you should read some apparently because Trump is an ignoramus.
You are right! I'm sure the pres will continue to make incredibly stupid decisions of his very own.
No he will make a nuclear mistake and the whole world will pay for it Senator. Hope you are ready for war Sir.
What did they offer you????  Your tune certainly has changed.
When Obama wanted to do something about the Assad regime he did not get the support he needed to take action, so let us be clear and honest
Done with you. Just a sad Trump apologist; no diff. than Nunes. You don't have our backs, you have Reince's.
I agree. They'll probably be far worse, and more numerous.
That's a joke, right? Cheeto is going 2 get us into a military conflict for sure. The question is how many? Stop defending the incompetence
He's already approved of Assad. He has a Putinisc way of governing, and Trump likes that. In fact, if given the opportunity, he will copy.
Yea own your stuff Obama wanted the chicken congress said no. This is on you stop blaming Obama for your poor decisions.
So, u also have ur head stuck up the orangutans ass. I hope u and every politician that sucks up 2 him gets voted out of office...ass kisser
This is disgusting.
How about we look into ways other than all out war to stop Syria. Since Trump is so close to Russia, ask him to work out a deal!
And what mistake is that? B/C as things are going, I wouldn't bet on Trump doing anything but putting more American lives on the line.
Politicizing genocide. How dare you! Interesting timing, Mr. Senator...
He'll just make more HUGE mistakes in general. The world is laughing at what we have become.
H.O.L.Y.  S.H.I.T.
Did you really just take the Syrian tragedy down to crass, false political blather? And you call yourself a Christian?
I hope not. I was in tears last night, and the grief for the world's loss is still strong. Terror is not right, No matter who perpetuates.
No matter what happens it will be someone else's fault.
True. This president acts without thinking and only to save face. His mistakes are much more dangerous.
No he is already making far FAR more!! #resist #MAGA #SoCalledPresident #LoserTrump #Loser
Please, somebody, please unseat this lunatic senate member we have representing SC.
For real? We will see won't we.
Like asking congress to do it's job and vote to allow military intervention?
Yes.  President Obama didn't blame his predecessor.  DT is unprepared, uneducated, and frightening.  And you KNOW IT.
Stop blaming the prior admin. Instead comment on the impact SoS Tillerson's comments may have had on emboldening Assad? Misdirection.
His predecessor didn't make any mistakes. .CONGRESS DID! President Obama wanted to take action, Congress said NO! STOP EMBARRASSING YOURSELF
Just shut it, Lindsay. You were once brave enough to call this idiot out. Now you fall meekly in line. #weak
look at his history Senator, he is an idiot and has not a clue about what happens in the real world.  Why are you not the President again?
Are you pandering to the Alt Right again? This never works. Choose. Uninformed Hate. Or Reason & Compassion.
Americans didn't have the stomach for doing anything in Syria the red line is a red herring, he put it in Congress court where it belonged
He told Obama to ignore him..
No, Trump's mistakes will be far far worse.
He said 5 days ago that Assad could stay in Power then the Chemical Attack.
#PutinsPuppet
Y’all are like a dumped love — can’t stop talking about PresObama.  Guess y’all miss him so much.  Don’t know how to govern without hate.
Then you must have knowledge of some intelligence or judgement Trump has been hiding this far!
nope he'll make brand new ones and you will all back him as he does it. Hold Trump accountable!
In case Congress HASN'T noticed, voters woke up and are paying atten so the old BS of pretending like there was a diff history won't work.
Same mistake's not going to happen bc Congress approval this time won't matter.  No matter the conflict Trump will never ask permission.
I hope not. Assad needs to be stopped
The "Russian Factor" in Syria greatly complicates things. Im glad im not the @POTUS right not. Assad is absolutely evil and needs to die!
Dear Diary,
Lindsey is such a dewy eyed optimist!! Wonder if he'll cry when I let him down.
Bizarre and absurd comment! Children just died a horrible death. Politicizing this is despicable.  Thought You were better than this!
I hope you actually read these responses. I doubt it, but I hope so
You've turned into a trump goon. You & his gang of nimwits are destroying our country.
You used to be the only republican that I thought had some semblance of decency. Now I know I was wrong. 
you mean like asking Congress to give him formal authority to go to war in Syria? #hypocrite
I believe everything he does will be a mistake. I don't like you anymore. 
He's already done worse. He & Tillerson raised the white flag, leading the way to children getting gassed. Wake up, Lindsey
no, they will be infinitely worse, informed only by self-interest. is partisanship worth submitting to this truly ignorant fraud?
I hope you are right--Senator.
.. no, Trump will be far far worse
Hot air Lindsey.  Hasn't he made enough mistakes already?  Blame, blame, blame.  No credibility, no leadership. Policy over people SAD
You mean by asking Congress to back the decision to intervene? How did the GOP vote on that measure again? Shall we look at records? #lies
Sorry Senator. The more you speak up for Trump the lower your reputation sinks in the eyes of any thinking person.
What would you do if you were POTUS?
Lindsey why are you trying to patronize Pre Trump, he was smart enough to beat you in the presidential race,you think you can manipulate him
He will do whatever Putin tells him to do!
No, he is going to use this as kill rebels and prop up Assad.  How long before you realize our country is bigger than party?
Oh Jesus, Lindsay.
then your're insane and of extremely poor judgement..wait?...unless this is all politics?...sorry my bad...
Then you are hopelessly naive. You have not been paying attention to Trumps words or deeds re Syria and Russi over past year.
his statement shows no leadership, no policy direction. Obama isn't prez, Trump is. Time for leadership. #savesyria
Have you been asleep?  He ALREADY screwed up.  @nikkihaley should never have changed the wording on Regime change in Syria.
Y'all just hate him so much, don't you?  Oh, and you can stop telling Dems they need to move on from the past, then.
Fact remains; however gas was released, from wherever gas was released, ultimate responsibility on Syria/Russia that it was STILL THERE!!!!!
Didn't Obama bring the issue of doing something in Syria to the senate?  Be responsible for your part.
This president's boyfriend (Putin) is supporting the murderer in Syria. This president's mistakes are 10x worse.
wow. We have a President blaming prior admin & aligning with Russian against Syrians & u support this as people get killed?
You Sir, are high if you believe that.
Oh you are truly over the edge now! Supporting that bumbling idiot while criticizing one of our finest Americans is too much. Bye  
Yeah, worse mistakes. He gave assad the 'green light' less than a week ago.
you think allowing Assad to stay in power and kill children is a good strategy or that Syrians can do this own their own?
You mean he will not let Congress limit his options? Tell me me Senator, what the hell have you done?
Give me a break. He repeatedly OPPOSED intervention in Syria before and is now contradicting himself. Y'all seem obsessed with Obama.
Time to open your eyes, Senator!
Why are you defending this guy? He talks like a dufus... he is so out of his depth is embarrassing!
Pretty damn generic
You, Lindsey, are a twit.
Mistake voting for Tillerson. That response yesterday shows friendship w/ Putin clouds his judgement. Worry more about u & less about Obama
Yes he will. He'll ignore it like it never happened.
You are right. Trump will coddle Assad, kiss Putin's ass, align with the dictators and the gassing goes on.
You've been around long enough to know that Putin/Russia is ultimately behind gas attacks #Syria @POTUS still won't Publicly denounce Putin
The blame game is fun. What are you going to do about it? Trump won't act unless Putin wills it. Be the conscience of the GOP, Lindsey.
I too believe he will make completely different and more disastrous mistakes.
Apparently you've forgotten he's a complete ignoramus. Wake up and replace him.
Oh, the hypocrisy. I thought you were one of the good ones. GOP blocked Obama when he sought Congress' approval to help in Syria.
I know he won't. I wish u would back him more
Please, it was the GOP that did not want to deal with going into Syria.  Trump also tweeted over and over to stay out of Syria.
If he manages to do something right in this (still no mention of Russia from him) it will be Nikki, the Generals, and you guys. He's bought.
Wow Col. I am surprised at this Tweet. Really? u know better. Find ur balls and retract as u are wrong. r we going down Bush Lane as w Iraq?
You are pathetic.  Why are you doing this?  Does Putin have something on you?? My God, what happened to you?
This lies entirely at the feet of the GOP and 45.
U know he won't he has GOP on his side. Obama didn't have a GOP that supported him. 2 bad u only do what's good for party & not people
You are joking, right?  He knows nothing, does nothing but tweet and call people name.  Tillerson praised Assad yesterday.
You are losing all credibility. You know Trump is a national and international embarrassment. You are becoming one as well.
Right. He already has made much bigger ones. You guys are unbelievable that are looking the other way.
No, he'll do worse!
Trump to NYT 11/16 "I had to listen to Lindsey Graham talk about, you know, attacking Syria...And what are we getting? What are we getting?"
How quickly you forget! You didn't LET Obama do anything about Syria! Weak little hypocritical men need to just keep quiet!
lol
Come on Senator, you know as well as anyone that he admires strongmen like Assad and his pal Putin
LOL
Yeah right this guy a deep thinker trump haha
The guy is evasive & rabidly conservative. Not what The People want or deserve. He is a danger to Our democracy #nogorsuch #changethenominee
You're an embarrassment to this country and to the beautiful state of SC.
If you wanted to be tough on Syria why did you turn the other way when Obama asked Congress about taking a stance against them?
Donald Trump isn't our President, he works for Russia! DT doesn't care how many children die , he only cares about himself !
@potus @StateDept @realDonaldTrump This is YOUR fault. You MUST stop this now! #syria
You're deluded if u think Trump will cross Putin in Syria. Wake up.
You're kidding, right? April Fools was last Saturday, Senator!
Awe. I remember when you were talking tough about holding this administration accountable. It was a crazy time a month ago. Partisan hack.
BS
He will get us all killed v
I don't believe this President will do a F in thing ! He didn't even say a word about Russia's part in this ! DT just blames Obama !
Ok we'll start to believe you again once the smoke up the ass tweets stop. Are they making you do these tweets? Blink twice if being held!!
As long as there is hotel property available he won't. What do they have hanging over yours or SC head? What's your cellphone number again?
you "HOPE". You're wayyyy more qualified to be @POTUS
Great, the ass-holes have decided that the only distraction from Trump /  Russian spying is to start a war. So American.
So he's going to say nothing and do nothing this time.  Rather than say something and then not do something.  #bigchange
Based on what?! You are an expert in this and you're relying on him. Big mistake.
R you effing kidding me? @potus screamed on tweeter 4 @BarackObama 2 STAY THE HELL OUT OF SERIA. You 'member he is friends with Putin right?
Have you been waterboarded?   Do they "know" about you?   When did you become a sycophant?
So you dont want Trump getting Congressional approval before he strikes another country? Or do you want him to ignore them & do it anyway?
I'm sure he won't he doesnt know anything about that let alone politics
Me either. I predict different and far worse mistakes.
LOL Oh, its just so ridiculous!
You're probably right.  He will likely make preventable mistakes that will lead to another war.
This is the test....if he doesn't do anything, he is in league with Putin.
