If you want something done right, do it yourself. #25thAmendmentNow
None of you tried to "fix" it when he spread his racist, despicable birtherism against President Obama.
Hillary's campaign started it
B/c no one ever listened to him before he wanted to be President

My point is he's not a racist
Yes. He claimed President Obama was not American because he's black. He said some of the Nazis were fine people. He called Mexicans rapists.
Fix this?
You know that he is incapable, incompetent and incoherent. He should resign.
He's not fixing shit. But I know a certain legislative body that can.
Interesting that Lindsey is growing balls now and not when Trump called Mexicans rapists or proposed a ban on an entire religion.
Is he really, though? They all will tweet about how concerned and upset thy are, but when it comes time to actually do something, nothing.


More than 43% of us voters are independents and do not buy into the ugliness ,we think and we do not follow 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Divide_and_rule …
Pandering phony. Where is your outrage about the violence from Antifa, BLM, Islam over the years? Why are those terrorists tolerated?
Part of the fix is getting rid of sellout traitors like you @LindseyGrahamSC! The DWS/Awan conspiracy? #BlackBerry much?
Please invoke the 25th amendment. Sanity is like the bare minimum to be President! Come on Rebublicans time to put on your big boy pants!
For the sake of our nation get behind our President. Trump was right to call it like it is.
You have pissed on this nation more times than I can count.
Update! 3days later and he hasn't fixed it. Now what????

you should be helping not talking trash
Thank you for calling him out directly on his behavior, Senator! Much appreciated and respected.
Why don't you help instead of criticize and dishonestly quote the Pres. If you want to be heard offer some solutions. Stop grandstanding.
Lindsey, Trump can't fix this as he is the problem!!! Duh
I AGREE GEORGE....GET ME OUT! GET IT DONE!
shame on you lindsey, antifa more strong!!!
Thank you for calling him out. Please don't stop here. He cannot fix this. We need a new leader.
MSM to you: "Sit, RINO, sit! Good dog!"
How can he fix what Obama broke
The only way to "fix this" is to have a revolution and remove the corrupt element from our government perpetrated by both sides.  WAKE UP!
Thank you Sir!  God bless you.
he cant get you out of office for a few years. Then all of us in SC will do the job.
For the sake of the nation, repeal Obama Care, do something, anything, retiring would be best.
We're GOING to fix it, I doubt you'll ever be elected again!
Please back our POTUS.  Work with him not against him or watch out when your re-election is up
He could always ask your girlfriend for money oh yeah...you don't like girls  http://redstatewatcher.com/article.asp?id=90679 …
he won't fix this. He will just continue to attack. That is what he does. He is unfit for the presidency and you know this!
Lindsey why dont u want to impeach him?? There's no way anyone thinks that he is doing a good job. I understand that the R's r using him but
They are complicit
#Komplicit #KGOP. Party of so called white power aka greeed
He is not our .............  we all know it HE FUCKING KNOWS IT.
he can't fix something that was stated by BHO and is paid to continue by democrats/Soros
Bye bye Lindsey-spineless graham.
THANK GOD we weren't counting on you & your GOP cohorts during WW2!     
***********YOU FAILED**********
Asking Trump to "fix this" I think is a cop out at this point. The GOP needs to fix this by disassociating itself from Trump.
No,  they need to stand up against the liberals who are waging war against America
He can't "fix" it. It's what he ran on. It's what the GOP courted for years.  the GOP endorsed this fool. He's YOUR baby &he's destroying US
Trump will not fix anything. He only knows how to destroy and pit brother against brother.
I thought that was Obama's speciality
To suggest that neo-Nazi/white supremacist groups are comparable to, say, Black Lives Matter is immoral, stupid and sick.
I'm not suggesting anything,  but it seems you have.
No, your timeline suggest it.
You can think what you want.  But you don't know me and in the end what you think you know or don't know about me matters not to me.
For the sake of all of us, all you politicians need to do something. Honestly I think your all crooked and part of the disease. Both sides.
President wannaB needs to give it a break.
A great start would be for YOU to #Resign YOU are an embarrassment to your party as well as to your constiuents!
Give him a dann chance. Obama couldn't fix the riots and people werent screaming at him every day.
Agree with you. What are you going to do when Antifa & BLM disrupts your reelection campaign appearances? Stand there like Bernie Sanders?
For the sake of the Nation when are Repubs going to stand up to the incompetent in the White House
Senator Graham - For the sake of our Nation, YOU fix this! @realDonaldTrump is utterly incapable & everyone knows it.
No matter what he says, you will not be happy.....and he knows it. He is 20 steps ahead of you.


You could help him @LindseyGrahamSC get out of office. All of you know what needs to be done. Get it done. We will remember come election.
There is one ONE way to fix this. Trump must resign.
HE  IS TRYING, BUT THE DEMOCRATS AND LEFT AS LONG AS SOME RINOS WILL HELP HIM.
I know how POTUS can fix this: if he would #resignnow. His disgusting words & disgraceful behavior is doing irreparable harm to our country.
My WW II Vet Dad fought Nazis in Europe, saw his comrades killed by Nazis. Were he still alive, he'd be appalled by our disgraceful POTUS.
He's never fixed anything, unless you consider ordering gold plated everything "fixing"
Sir, I am sure that you know, that Donald Trump is not able to fix anything. Now or ever. You and your fellow senators have to fix it.
We all know he is incompetent, morally and mentally unfit, unstable, unqualified and delusional. Fix is for him to go
The only real "fix" Mr Graham would be for the president to step down.
Senator Graham you know he isn't going to fix anything, so please help us fix this situation since you are in a unique position fix it!
TRAITOR! When will you call out the racism/bigotry of #Antifa & #BLM? They always come looking for a fight & stop others #FreedomOfSpeech
@RexTilllerson Thank you for serving our country! What A change from John Kerry and Hillary! Please do not leave us
He already called out the violent extremists, on both sides. There's nothing to fix. Even NYT verified violence both sides. False narrative!
@LindseyGrahamSC we feel that the removal of any historic statues or flags must come not by a mob but by a vote of the people
For the sake of our nation -- impeach @POTUS -- that would fix this.
He can't fix it bc he likes the Nazis
What does Trump have on you Lindsey that you won't do something about this man. He continues to lie to the American citizens NO MORE!!
A comment from Charleston: Too little . Too late.
We are past @POTUS redemption . He must be removed from @WhiteHouse
Trump can not and will not.  Sir, again, the proof is in the pudding.  Resign or draft up Article of Impeachment
@realDonaldTrump only cares about his supporter base.  I mean he is still having campaign rallies...he is making up history.
You can't stop terrorist from coming in the us because liberal judges
What planet are you living on? How ignorant you are to believe that this beast of a man will begin change now.
IMPEACHMENT IS WHAT IS NEEDED! He can't fix anything, he'd rather kill and maim the American people! Unless they're billionaires that is!
Sir has trump fixed this yet?
Why don't you help our president? Isn't that why you're hired and paid for Republican why are you not supporting our president
Mr.Graham Please you know the man is incompetent. WHY PLAY THE http://GAME.VOTE  TO IMPEACH.
This is not fixable. This is exactly who trump is, and has been all his life.
How about CONGRESS fixes it!!!!
Get on board with our President, and STOP your fighting against him if you really want to #MAGA. You are a flip flopper.
YOU fix it. #complicitGOP
Senator Graham POTUS belongs to the GOP He is incapable of fixing this or anything else Put your big boy pants on and fix this He is yours 
Fix history and bitterness? Support "We are Americans First!"
And don't fall for (It was only a joke). Because this is not funny.
trump is your deal w/the devil. you & @GOP only saw how to gain wealth & power for white men. Drop the false equality rhetoric.
For the sake of our Nation -- as a Representative -- please stop waiting for a 71 year old man to change
Maybe Trump ought to nuke them, maybe that will satisfy you Mr. Trigger Happy! Your idea of justice is shoot first & ask later!
With the liberty and justice for all!! we the people want to believe that is true.do not enable a man that refers to dems as the other side
He is incapable of what you ask!  But you and the rest of congress have power to change things!!! It's on you all to lead.
Face it, Donny is never going to do the right thing.  He believes his own bullshit & loves all these fringe groups: nazis, w/supremacist/Nat
For the sake of our nation, you and other @GOP leadership fix this. Trump is incapable and YOU KNOW IT.
Tell him to RESIGN!
I Support you. Please keep speaking the truth
Lindsey, Please switch parties parties. 
You are already a more feminine version of Dianne Feinstein
Make it official.
U sir r as much a part of the problem! For sake of our nation quit pretending moral self-righteousness! U R stirring the pot not healing!!
U r a wolf(liberal) in sheeps(GOP) clothing! Time for you to retire sir! Or switch parties! @POTUS words have been twisted 2 fit narrative
U have bullied @POTUS enough! U have twisted his words enough! U don't care about the issue! U r adding fuel to the fire! U sir r divisive!!
Has Soros bought you? You have totally twisted the narrative and distorted the truth!! What is your motive? Money? Fame? Power? #
The man has revealed who he really is, nothing he can say or do will ever change that.  How much more damage will you allow him to do?
Says the Senator that is so democratic he has no clue what a Republican is. Sorry the Truth hurts.
The only fix is impeachment.
How about you and the @GOP fix it. This is a mess of your own devising.
Yes, by resigning and going straight to prison.
Isn't it your job?
Senator Graham, our forefathers and your constituents have placed the tools of your office in your hands.

#CensureTrump

#ImpeachTrump
Too late Senator. He has shown his true self. For all the world to see. And the whole world has noticed.
Thanks for having the guts to stand up to trump & his racist views!
Lindsey Graham, it is time for this president to go! They need to get rid of him out of the WH!
Please retire to nursing home Graham
I can not believe that an intelligent person like you does not realise that he is incapable of fixing anything. He is mentally incompetent.
Senator Graham you have the power. 
#censuretrump
#impeachtrump
You gather up your @GOP buddies and fix this Linds! Time for words is over take action! #ImpeachTrumpNow
#impeachtrump
#censuretrump
With all due respect, Mr. Senator, u & the Legislative Branch are on ur own. He is not going to fix anything. He wouldn't even if he could.
For the sake of the nation shut up....your support in the primary reflects your true clout.  Tier 2 debate is because we know a huckster
I implore you and your fellow senators impeach the President. He is destroying The United States. Do your job. History is watching!!!!!
He's not capable of doing the right thing. He said what's in his heart. It's who he is. Now YOU and your colleagues should fix it.
Congress needs to fix this for the sake of America! Deem this man incompetent & unstable and #impeachCorruptTrump. Protect the USA!
Mr Graham.....thank you!  From a West Coast "liberal"!
The definition of insanity is expecting DJT to be anything other than DJT. He may be president but will never be presidential
Can't you & your fellow congressmen do anything to fix this by beginning impeachment proceedings?
you're speaking to an individual who can't fix it - he's mentally tormented.  Help us remove him from office.
Who are you going to have to suck up to now to be relevant SC is watching you and the way you cooperate with our President Trump U get an F
You are looking at the wrong person to fix this. YOU need to fix this Sen Graham. We, the people, have given you the power. Now use it.
Call on him to resign
Lindsey there was absolutely nothing wrong with what our President Trump said about Charlottesville incident You are lying to create discord
Go sit in the corner Lindsey. No one cares what you have to say.
Yo are a hero-but Trump is not the fix. You and your colleagues must remove this Potus fool
What our nation needs is for you to resign you're a friggin clown what have you done in the 20 years plus he's been in the Senate
He is not willing or able.  Impeachment is the ONLY solution.
please prove my gut instinct wrong actually do something for the real love of this nation, the people. #Lovetrumpshate
YOU AND UR COLLEAGUES NEED TO FIX THIS SIR. TRUMP IS A MISTAKE. OWN IT AND YOU FIX IT
You are expecting way too much from Trump.He is incapable of introspection.I doubt he knows what the word means. Censor him
I am outraged because unfortunately it's so bad I can't stop paying attention especially to the fact the #GOP won't act
How much did $$$ did it take for him to own your ass traitor
@realDonaldTrump can fix this alone? I think he can, but some help would be nice.
Trump will never pivot and you should of known that from the start now you and the rest need to fix this the ball is in your court
Trump never will admit wrong doing everybody needs to stop pleading and grovelling to this man we must all stand United against his rhetoric
Thanks for speaking up for all of us. We appreciate your voice of reason, but we're afraid he won't fix this.

#impeach
#25thAmendmentNow
For the sake of our nation please resign. I will be starting a petition for you to be investigated for treason
We now look to you and Congress for leadership. Stand up, speak up, and don't ever give up.
He is raping every bit of decency and pride from our nation, you must stop him before the damage is irreversible
I wake up everyday now and cry for our nation. This is not normal, I am jealous of other countries one's we used to save
The onus for fixing, Senator, is on you and your party.
he's not fixing a damn thing, up to you and the rest of congress.
Are you going to allow Trump to send that Blackwater criminal to run a war? 
US is in a free fall with Trump raping the country of wealth
@POTUS is not going to fix this. You - congress - need to fix it. You are the check on him. The time has come for congress to act.
Senator, you know trump has neither the will nor the ability to fix this or any other mess he's created. 
Stop begging, start impeaching.
Thank you for your strong support of justice and our nation.  Keep it up, please!
Yes indeed
The president has condemned the violence and hate what do you want? Please quit arguing with the president and work with him.

#ImpeachTrumpNow  The mad King has to go. You have the power and the ability to make it happen #GOPdoSomething
Trump is no longer the problem. He is being EXACTLY who is is. It's way past time for the GOP to grow some balls and deal with this mess!
Oh, come on. He CANNOT fix this. No one is interested in his reading a #fake apology from a screen again.
POTUS  needs psych evaluation believe the truth. Some people are mentally ill. 
Thank you, Sir.  PLEASE stop your leader.  We are afraid of the madman who is running your party.  Please help
He can't fix it. He sides with the hate groups
#SayHisName why is it so difficult to step up?
A tweet, @LindseyGrahamSC? That's all the power you have? If the @HouseGOP @SenateGOP  won't meet with you, join forces with @ChrisMurphyCT.
no matter what the President says or does it won't be enough for the republican party of butt hurt politicians-stop tweets
Trump has proven time & time again that he's unfit to serve. He supports white supremacists and gets a scolding tweet, @LindseyGrahamSC?
You fix it Lindseed. Find patriotic Republicans in the House and impeach this shit stain. Our nation cannot survive 3 1/2 more years of this
Trump doesn't think anything is broken, @LindseyGrahamSC. You & your @GOPs need to get him out of office. It's time for ACTION, not tweets.
Mr. Graham.  Stand up for what's right
Can't fix stupid
There is no fixing it from him because he helped to break it
His original statement is just fine.  Anyone with common sense knows this.  Stop trying to get noticed.  He is persecuted far too often.
He can't/won't fix anything. It's up to Congress to rein in this president. Act!
With all due respect,POTUS45 will not fix anything.He is unhinged,incompetent & must be removed from office. Please act on this.
He has the mentality of a pencil and you must as well to even think he hears, or would listen, to your deafening plea.
I wish I was back in my home state to vote ur ass out. Time for term limits & remove the "good ole boys" like u. Silent for 8yrs u were.
Get over yourself. He didn't do anything wrong. Quit vilifying our POTUS!
Fix it. Seriously he caused it. He is "it" !
Unfortunately he can't. No CREDIBILITY now!
Sen Graham now is YOUR chance to fix this problem. DJT is incapable of doing the right thing. He's proven it time and again. YOU need to act
He won't. He's unhinged. A traitor and fascist with no credibility. #DoSomethingGOP
@realDonaldTrump #ANTIpotus1dontrump needs to resign NOW or #Amendment25  Now or #impeach NOW! To delay is death for AMericans and America.
Sen. Graham - YOU and YOUR COLLEAGUES need to fix this.
He's incapable of being a leader
#getbacktoworkslacker
This why u lost in your bid for the presidency. STOP siding with the ruling class, Senator
This is coming. Be ready. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self-coup 
Senator Graham , you know he can't and won't . Why won't your party stop the damage to our beautiful country? It's up to you!!!
Too late.
