What a horrible way to describe someone with Downs Syndrome.  He should be admonished...not promoted.  Disgusting.  Mongolism.  Jesus Christ
He actually entered a racist term into a legal record.
Neil Gorsuch called a downs syndrome baby..an abomination.  Great guy you got there lindsey
What kind of "great legal mind" uses the term "mongolian idiocy" to describe a child with down's syndrome?
Please stop being a part of this administration's misdirection campaign. Grow a conscience.
Americans are FED UP with Political BS.
Delay Gorsuch 'til collusion satisfied. Rice a distraction.Nuclear Big mistake.Losing future voters
I will never tune in #yourlastterm I use to respect you, that is over!
Congratulations. You're about to change the rules of the Senate for a plagiarist. Way to pick 'me, Federalist Society. #GorsuchPlagiarism
Don't let the loud obnoxious left bully you. Republicans want Gorsuch confirmed- now we need the republican representatives to represent us!
Hanging out with purveyors of false information. Better tell them truth but that seems lost on Republicans these days. #nogorsuch
Fox News is a disgrace....led by a bunch of male sexual predators. Just like the @realDonaldTrump #Republicans ignoring the #TRUTH
Too tired of watching the playground bullying and Trump sycophants to watch, sorry. We want you to find a middle ground and quit sparring.
Stop acting like a dem. And MCCAIN needs to get over it. Trump WON
No thank you.  You guys are nuts!
Susan rice?!?!  Showing your true colors I see ...
OH, the network that allows sexual harassment, they are so credible to impotent old misogynists.
Let's talk about Gorsuch. Partisanship is what the GOP did to Obama w/Scotus nomination. U want DEM bipartisanship bring on a moderate.
Your comments about Gorsuch are without integrity.
@LindseyGrahamSC I have a question. Who pays for advertisements promoting gorsuch. Curious.
I like Sen Graham but it disappoints me he is going on a network (reasons aside) that is supporting Bill  O'Reilly. #OReillySACon #Oreilly
@LindseyGrahamSC The world (& your consituents) are so over these baseless claims! How about something w/evidence that matters? #trumprussia
Stand up for the people, not the corporations. Show us you can't be bought.
Becoming as fake and partisan as the rest of your R colleagues.. SAD!
Oh good. Ask them why Bill O'Reiily is still on the air while you're there. Thanks.
Also @LindseyGrahamSC , protect your ass while there, they are known for sexual harassment...
Ask 'em about those discrimination and harassment lawsuits and how they justify their actions as a credible network.
Susan rice was doing her job, WHY ARENT WE talking about Russia,black water,carter paige?How dare u b party 2 this smokescreen  graham!
Ugh your sound like a duchebag when you pander to that tabloid #CoxNews
No re going nuclear re Gorsuch. U shld pay respects to Dems. Majority say no, you shld too, he has a poor record supporting commoners, women
I sometimes think you are a man of character but then u disappoint. McConnell exercised nuclear option on Garland. Pls don't do it again.
Get her in jail Sir! She got immunity for Benghazi and Clinton's email scandal. Don't make her take the 5th.
WH news about Rice is intended to distract. Our nation needs truth and not obfuscation.
It's Howdy Doody Time!
No thank you
How about no protections for women, family environments and no research for illness, and the money he gets from Russia
Take @oreillyfactor off the air or Boycott @FoxNews @maddow @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio @Morning_Joe
@FoxNews is Fake Entertainment, not new. Boycott @oreillyfactor & advertisements
FauxNews
You can't keep playing both sides Mr. Graham.
Gorsuch is a TRUMP puppet.  No trust !  .@SpeakerRyan  Listen to the people.
@FoxNews the company with all those lawsuits against it? Can't you find another, more reputable, news station?
Remember Garland?
Really how about MSNBC where we'd love to challenge your bias and deflecting on Trumps putin puppetry!
You don't know what are you doing You are Republican but playin into hands of Hillary.What aShame.Thank to Donald who expose your deception
Corporations over people - way to go GOP.
Don't go Nuclear.Think about it #Proposal #PatriotsNeeded #delayGorsuchVote until #investigation #russiagate #taxReturns #whatDoYouHave2lose
you should get out of that echo chamber you call Fox "News" and vote with your constituents in mind, not your corporate donors
No thanks! Fox news is a sellout to GOP FAKENEWS! sexual harassment!
Who cares anymore what he says
Et tu, Brute
someone has to tell Fox viewers the truth ! Thanks you Mr Graham.
You'd unmask these people too.. They were making deals with the damn Russians!
Susan Rice deserves 10% of the story the other 90% belongs to Trump  back channels, Price, Page, Flynn on and on and on & on too much smoke
The guy is evasive & rabidly conservative. Not what The People want or deserve. He is a danger to Our democracy #nogorsuch #changethenominee
Please don't give a pass on this.
Make sure you can see their hands at all times. Please put country before party. I am not a constituent but your actions affect all of us.
Sorry, we don't watch Faux News anymore. For real news we watch CNN, Msnbc, or any other, but Fake news.
#boycottFOXAdvertisers
Talk to a real news org. Fox is fake news.
Think maybe I won't, because you've completely lost me after the last few days. Disappointed constituent here.
Keep hammering on the Trump/Russia connection. If we saw his tax returns we would learn more.
Please get off the Susan Rice story amd look at the disgusting criminal activity in the current white house. Ur pathetic
Propaganda on propaganda news
Susan Rice did her job. Period. Again, why is it that we care MORE about our country than the GOP? keep putting party before country...
Mr.Graham go on somewhere so we can take you seriously. Fox News is TRASH.
I cannot believe you are voting for Neil Gorsuch #frozentrucker.  #autisticchild Gorsuch deemed didn't need education. USSC overturned 8-0.
I hope you make extra for PR and Promotion for FOX- you really a wolf in sheep's clothing

@AmericaNewsroom @FoxNews That's the reason I turned the channel! #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
WEAmericans share ur sentiments! GET 2bottom r TOP of Susan Rice,'Marvel', Brit spy Christopher Steele & FBI involvement n spying & leaking!
You're pathetic.  Completely despicable and nutless...
You need to back out laws & follow your commander & chief. Quit making it all about you . #AmericaFirst
Let me kno when u go on REAL news channel & I would love to hear what u have to say ~Sincerely, Concerned Constituent
stop pushing FAKE Russian story they didnt hack DNC server DmitriAlperovitch founder of CrowdStrike
Won't watch until U stop acting like a spoiled little brat. Where is your allegiance to Country over Party? Someone has to lead w/integrity!
No mention of trump putin links!
Good job on FOX this morning. Rice's political purpose drove her to "fish" for dirt on Team Trump Method: "Guilty until proven Innocent."
You look are a villain. You are a do nothing. One day u will face judgement
News Flash Senator..No one is listening to either you or McCain.
Stop about Rice. Last time I checked Roberts, Alito, Thomas and Kennedy are Rebublican appointees. Roberts is the Chief, Lindsey!
Not a chance but good luck. Hope you are able to address the Fox News personnel issues. Not a great day to show your support for the network
Party of child rapists and grabbers and the "news" that defends & promotes them. He will fit right in.
Dear Sir,
The Dems have outsmarted, out-lied, stuck together regarding Benghazi, IRS, Fast & Furious..... You better not let this one go!
Watch FOX a lot?
Good Tuesday Morning,Sen. Lindsey GRAHAM of South Carolina
Are you going to be honest about Rice or just fan flames and raise the flag for trump
On Monday you're credible, Tuesday questionable, Wednesday WTF, Thursday credible again.  Are you aspiring to Trump's unpredictability?
I feel the Russians have won--
Please be honest
Why would I tune in to hear lies?
Senator, you are better than this. We need you and @SenJohnMcCain to be #patriots here. Put #party aside and #country first.
Agreed. ..Country before party always!
As one of your constituents, I'm losing faith in you. #sad
I agree with you. Starting to think he's another who takes this Party over his Country and the people who voted for him.
Absolutely, he's tap dancing a little but it's obvious he is not the patriot he likes to think of of himself as being.
Please focus on who committed the crimes and not on who reported them!
How about talking about Assad's use of chemical weapons on kids in #Syria.
Spouting hypocrisy on a network that promotes fake news. Wow. That's an accomplishment to be proud of, for sure. 
I'm sure your love of Rice won't have you disparage her and you won't obfuscate or divert away from Trump/Russia collusion for FOX rubes.
Sorry sir, I do not watch television networks run by perverts, harassers and agents of Russia. You should not be supporting them either.
Tell more lies.
Fox news is awful
