And replace Trump with anyone!
We need to hear that you are going to investigate Trump's Russian connections.
Thank you Senator Lindsey Graham!
Trump is a national embarrassment. How can you work for that man?
fake account
nope not fake. I'm a mom, citizen and patriot. John Lewis is a hero, Trump is an embarrassment.
John Lewis? what is this the comedy hour. He swears to all of Obama. And Hillary's. Lies
he calls Trump illegitimate, they always say what they are so Obama is illegitimate for sure
you don't help much
How? Tell Trump to get fucking off TWEETS!!! His habit of tweeting is a reason why USA is divided! *sigh*
no Barry divided us, wake up!pic.twitter.com/q04wSZzYMY
Who is Barry?
see my profile, guy has numerous aliases & his social security # is from Connecticut, go figure, Barry Soetero.
Sharing out of context statistics is not a good way of judging a President. Liberals are guilty of this too:pic.twitter.com/izfNa4lSDy
unemployment number a joke, Obamacare collapsing, Iran? This is a joke
those numbers are true, but thats exactly my point, taking numbers out of context is not a good judge of a prez
he was CIA affirmative action candidate w/ a mystery past,fake birth certificate,who has divided us.Commie Muslim
Dr King had a smile. Last 8 years nothing but dividing us all up. Unity? Considered treason today.
don't use the words of Mlk if you aren't going to do anything but accuse others (NAACP) of bias without examining your own.
@PaulHartNYC you are correct sir, please apply that advise to your future commentary. The people spoke as did Dr. King.
Thank you for your willingness to put our country before our party.
u r a huge part of the division a -hole
Please keep us united. Protect education for all. Fight Trump's choice. Betsy DeVos is NOT working for all, only for $.pic.twitter.com/jqe5YxAXQx
Help us all.
Work together. We were told of shared sacrifice in MI, by (R) Gov, (R) Leg. and lower classes keep giving more & corps $ up
then end voter suppression, end for profit prisons #resist #defenddeomcracy
yes he won't approve this violent protesting
we don't need to hear mlk's words, we need to live them.
It is incumbent upon you and other members of Congress to demand full disclosure of PEOTUS's tax returns and divestment.
Appreciate these words of unity from Senator Graham.
I don't think Trump ever listened to that speech!
From one buttering both sides of his bread.
King had principles, Senator. Honor him by opposing Tillerson. Country b/4 party. You, @SenJohnMcCain @marcorubio be firm!
"Was not Jesus an extremist in love?...will we be extremists for the cause of justice?" #MLKday2017 #AllAreCreatedEqualpic.twitter.com/8vu7ZnWceo
You are talking to tour Party right?
Tell it to the Socialist Dems.
@SecureUSATalk
I disagree with you on almost everything but you are an honorable man. You will make a great president someday. LOVE
you should back your democratic colleagues, they are only ones left with any decency in the senate
MLK was a great man. But what we need is leaders we can trust & who will put country before party. Plan on doing that Mr. G
words of wisdom when we have a traitor for PEOTUS
please protect NATO !
counting on you to keep us out of war #scaredoftrump
please keep focusing on Russian election tampering. You are greatly appreciated for your principled stand.
We need to know that you will do your job. You work for the people and we want #checksandbalances #stopputin #NATO
don't forget his words on justice, resistance, and equality.
I actually used to vote Republican at one time. The GOP left me. I still admire a few--not many. You are one of them.
the memory of every American and allies that ever lost their lives in the cold war are being disrespected. By greedy trump
my sincerest apologies but, NO!! We need to find out it we are safe from Russia and her puppet trump. It is scary. More...
than trump and his anti everything appointments. Help America not fall into Putin's hands. Help us. Sen. Graham and McCain.
Friday djt will give a sermon that will bring us all together
Another clown trying to capatilize on MLK...just shut up Linda
im expecting after you listen to his words you'll vote against sessions To know and not to act is a sin
Very True- more than ever! So lets #standindivisible and block racist appointments. No to Bannon and no to Sessions.
Why couldn't you use those words during the Obama Presidency? That's a question you need to ask yourself?
-Glad that means you will stand up against your horrible excuse for a President-Elect.
Marching for JOHN LEWIS today in South Carolina!pic.twitter.com/wit9gRV7P1
Yes. No divisive, juvenile, pugilistic, unhinged, irresponsible, insulting, paranoid, tweets from PEOTUS would help too.
The most important person who needs this message is @realDonaldTrump but he won't listen, he only thinks of himself, sad
I disagree Senator. Society and Capitalism are fine. The divide is between the bureaucrats and the media.
MLK always spoke truth to power and acted regardless of potential personal consequence. Hoping you do the same
We need to listen and act with conviction to heal this nation.
Starting with you.
Lindsey, I can't think of a person that has done more since the election to help keep the nation divided. Just shut up.
Doing some self reflection. You are a large part of the division. #termlimits #Hillarysellout
rein your "winner" in, that would help. Make decisions that help everyone not just R's.. we are all citizens of USA.
The nation is not divided. You just have to put the traitor president elect where he belongs - in jail
Hear the words of the Intel community. Donald Trump is working for Russia.
and I hope you abide by your own tweet. For 8 years you guys disrespected a black man who ran this country
well the guy is and always be a phony! Barack that is.
By stripping voter rights and healthcare, by deregulating big business, by destroying the environment 4 all–#hypocrisy #MLK
It's divided for years and your new president has made it worse.
So true! May we all soften our hearts and waken our individual conscience.
doesn't mean I'll cut any slack with the Putin Puppet. You and Sen McCain have grave responsibility to world.
thank you for being one of the few GOPs with resolve and the strength to say what is right. We will remember that.
And are you really paying attention to what they are because it does not appear the GOP is?
absolutely we do. More than ever
Take your Own Advise.
Absolutely! If Hillary had won Republicans would not have acted like this! Grow up Democrats. World is NOT ending!
and of course we need the government spying on its citizens like the FBI did to him. Youre an anti liberty hack
