Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!
He's a 70+ year old man! You're talking to him like he's one of your grandkids. How this doesn't disturb you is beyond me Sir. 
So true. Why do @GOP walk on eggshells around Trump? All afraid of his vindictive ways?
I don't know, but I hope at some point they stop taking his shit.
I keep thinking there must be dirt they don't want exposed about themselves.
That's a possibility or they want to get their cuts/tax breaks passed while they've got the edge but even with an edge, they're doing jack.

Kissing up after dragging him thru the mud, so transpart@LindseyGrahamSC
Nope. Superficial&flippant. With EXCLAMATION POINTS! Can't she be called brave, strong, intelligent, & passionate instead of just beautiful?
We can't get back to place of peace w/ this admin. Y'all knew it. Y'all can fix it. Please do. So we can all start some real healing.
Except the mother says WH called her during funeral. Classy!
Kiss ass
If she had been at work or home, she would be alive today.
Rino
TK U....FINISH UP PPL...
Isn't it sad that you have to try and search for an opportunity to praise the President for something a 5 yr old can do?
He is the president of the United States and a grown man. Treating him like a child and saying good boy should not be part of your job.
Here's Lindsey Graham trying to teach Trump how to be a president.
Nobody cares what you think. You'll see in 2020.
Is Graham for real
I think this tweet of his is one of the few that sounds like a true President.
Thank You LG for being a strong voice for us SC residents.
No cookies for doing the expected. Only for going above and beyond. Thank you for condemning when necessary and speaking truth to power.
Why is he getting credit for doing his job? Odd.
It's sad we are patting our President on the back for a TWEET. How about his actions - those speak louder than words on social media!
Senator:  Do you feel like you're praising a dog for not peeing on the rug again?
Perfect! 
WHAT DID THE MAYOR IN THE TOWN OF CHARLESVILLE DID IN THE INSIDENT LAS WEEK? N O T H I N G, HE DID NOTHING SR.
He doesn't need your approval Miss Lindsey
It's like you are patting an 8 year old on the head.
@realDonaldTrump this is like a kindergarten teacher praising fingerpainters! This is poison from the snakes fangs!
Now who wants a treat?!
Is this the new normal? Praising the president for doing something presidential?
Don't talk to our President like he is 3 yrs old. Show some respect !
You realise your talking to the leader of the free world like he's 5 years old !! Mentally he is ..
You are treating him like a little child who finally said he was "sorry"- how about calling for @realDonaldTrump to resign
I think that the anti bright demonstrators and white supremacist demonstrators was the same party Young Democrats Association
@LindsayGrahamSC, u know full well he can't be taught. As my fam in SC would say w/many levels of shade "That boy's special". #ImpeachTrump
It's sad that you have to praise @realDonaldTrump for making a comment that shows common human decency
the fact that you have to tell the POTUS that 1 of his tweets was nice & appropriate is frightening & very sad.God help us
Stop, @realDonaldTrump clearly took a side and gave White Supremacists room 2 operate. His post is a disingenuous insult
...stop telling the naked EMPEROR that you love his new clothes!!!! 2
lordt, I am glad he's not actually naked (yet) and sincerely hope his willy is blurred out when they release the pee tapes.
I would usually chuckle at this, but this is a thread must remain serious. Senator Graham needs to feel how we all feel.
I commend first graders just like that! Guess you have to talk at his level. He'll probably retweet you.
History will remember this shitstorm.
God Lindsay! I thought you were  actually growing a pair! He's  unfit. You know it, your buddies know it, we know it. Who else has to die?
Senator, please tell us you are working with others in @GOP to rid America of this dangerous man-baby. He is out of control, a liability.
I think Senator Graham's post is being facetious
he doesn't need your advice. You have done nothing for thr American people
Oh give me a fucking break.  Why don't you toss him a cookie next.  You're being voted out Lindsey
Even more appropriate would've been for @realDonaldTrump to attend the memorial service or at very least send a White House representative.
Are you frigging kidding me?! Nice, appropriate.. insincere, ghost-written.
Really? Is this how we do things now? Do you have a gold star  for his behavior chart? This is how you treat a 6 yr old for goodness sake
"miss?"
Oh no, ms lindsay graham...u don't get to act like this lunatic handled ANYTHING about this well !!!!
A little late DT, who tweeted for you?
It's too late to train him using praise.
Well, this was inappropriate, Mr Ladyvoice
But tweeting his condolences to Barcelona is terrible.
Please stop. Stepford Wives.
Sen. Graham you're becoming my hero!
Except Amy other Pres would have been on phone w parents that day & given eulogy or at least gone to memorial 
Too low a bar
We DO NOT CARE WHAT YOU THINK SND NO NEED TO COMMENT ON EVERY TWEET OF POTUS!!! CNN and MSNBC do that MORE THAT ENOUGH. Do some legislative
Ugh. It's like praising a toddler for finally doing something right and not tantruming.
well done? because he managed to put together a few nice words? The bar is on the floor. this nice words do not negate his support of nazis
No... He lost the right to say her name by saying that the white supremacists she was there to protest we're good people. I call BS!!
So, so sad that you have to praise his small deeds like a temperamental child.
I'm sorry, is the President in Kindergarten? Are you bribing him with a lollipop? #Disgrace
Please he didn't write this. He can't say anything nice.
Who's side you on fool!!
One minute your kissing his ass!!
Next your kicking him in the teeth! #BenedictArnold 
Just #resign #please 
You don't need to congratulate him every time he manages to succesfully tie his own shoes, you know.
Give me a FRICKEN BREAK!  Are you all unable to see how you are looking to THE MAJORITY of the American people?!
Wow, just like you Praise a child for coloring within the lines. Sad.
Could you please stop appeasing him? The whole GOP needs to grow balls!! I started to like you recently. Don't run it for me
How sad that the President of the United States has to be told his comments were "nice & appropriate ",  as though he's told he's a good dog
Please don't dance around him. He insults easily but he's not at all fragile.
Lindsey Graham, read the sign..'don't feed the rabid dog' cuz he WILL bite you.
Ass kisser
Your approval of our duly elected President was not solicited and bears no weight with voters.
#getbacktoworkslacker
Can your lips get any bigger to attach to his ass. Gawd you make me sick, all you repubilklans
Seriously????Does he get a gold star?? Of course, you know how he feels about gold star families. Stop babying him @LindseyGrahamSC
After he fired up the hate groups that killed her.
Or was that your intent to publicly  humiliate @POTUS. GoodJob!!!!
Like using positive affirmations to encourage good behavior from a adolescent with behavioral challenges. Stop.
As you speak to @Realdonaldtrump @POTUS  as you would a six year old. #VeryNice what a gopd boy.....
To little too late
your opinion but there r terrorists who need to b found for their part carrying semi-automatics & yelling Jews will not replace us.
So you will Pat him on the head like a good little boy and vote no to censure him?
In other words: good job big boy Donny! You get an extra scoop of ice cream today!
@Mr_Clemson @LindseyGrahamSC can't wait to vote you out of office Mr. Graham
Too little too late. Don't praise him.
@realDonaldTrump Sounds like you are giving positive feedback to a child! Well, maybe that is exactly what you are doing.
Too bad it was totally disingenuous
Your desperateness is showing. Trump's a savage. Dump Trump.
Sounds like me praising my grandson during  a tutoring sessions -- he's 9
Rest assured that someone else wrote it...
Come off it.
Reallly Linds
disappointing
weak and disappointing
You sound like you're talking to a misbehaving preschooler.
And Trump and the GOP will be remembered for RACISM, LIES, destroying our healthcare & country and hopefully IMPEACHMENT of 45!
Yet he supports the cause of her murderer
Why do I picture you @LindseyGrahamSC patting Donnie on the head as I read your message? #goodboy #saidonedecentthing #normalizingagain
Stop rewarding the child.  It won't change him, period.   Also....he'll have forgotten her name before anyone else does.
Like anyone needs your impot
Who are you to act superior to the POTUS, YOU are a hypocrite and self-absorbed ass! Mr. Graham.
Is this code for "The GOP intends to do absolutely NOTHING about the unfit & unstable man currently occupying the White House"?
He so pitiful. This is the equivalent to a 1st grade teacher giving a smiley face for coloring in the lines. WHAT IN THE HELL IS THIS?
Oh!  Give him an extra cookie and a sippy-cup of cocoa while you're at it!
Trying to change his behavior using positive reinforcement????
@POTUS tweet insincere. He is only doing it b/c his staff insisted. It doesn't fix the problem, underscores the depth of his lack of heart.
If the president truely wanted to honor Heather  Heyer, he would've condemned bigotry in no uncertain terms
I'm sure he appreciated the pat on the head. Now #InvokeThe25th
Words are a start. Actions also matter. The POTUS ought to attend memorial services when able & model respect.
and thank God she was beautiful. A woman's death wouldn't be tragic otherwise.
Amazing what they will eat now they have the majority votes...if they could only do something with them.
Sen Graham, sir, Trump's rhetoric and defense of all white supremacist orgs there should be condemned by true Republicans. Step up, sir!
... and utterly, cynically hypocritical.
QUIT KISSING HIS ASS, HE IS NO GOOD, YOU HAVE TO KNOW HE IS A DANGER TO THIS WORLD,
Is this a Pavlovian encouragement to a deranged child? You're coddling a snake that will bite you. Think impeachment seriously. Soon.

What the hell Senator Graham?!?! You act like he's 5 yrs. old and your pats on the head are going to make him do better and be better. Ugghh
No, it was half assed and forced. You know better, Mr Senator, but you can't see past party to do anything about this horrible POTUS.
Yes it was Lindsey because he did NOT write that himself.  However, he has yet to call the Mayor or her family.
Tweets are never appropriate to console a grieving parent.
@realDonaldTrump is reaching out to her family 5 days after her death.  5.  Days.   And with words from a poorly written hallmark card.
How pathetic that you have to talk to @realDonaldTrump as if he is a 5 yr old & he is getting a gold star for doing his work properly
he won't fix it-your only options-25th amend or impeachment, or HURRY MUELLER-& your words, while nice are just words unless you take action
Jfc
If President Obama had done 1/3 of what Trump has done u would set your hair on fire but not until after u started impeachment proceedings.
It's so sad that it's come to this point when it comes to doing the right thing.  Like giving a toddler a cookie.
What is he your child???
It is REALLY sad that you have to model appropriate behavior for a 70 year old man who is supposed to be POTUS.  #25thAmendmentNow
So what is a Trump? A 2 year old going on 70 years of hate.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day ....
Jeez you really need medical help if you think Donald actually wrote that with empathy. Two days after the event he tweets ? Wake Up Hey !!
He's 71, not 6. Can you not see how sick and dangerous he is? History is watching you. You want Trump to be your legacy? Do something.
It's great that US Senators need to talk to the @POTUS like he's an underachieving 2nd grader heading for summer school
omg. Just like on the Twilight Zone when everyone tried to placate Anthony & keep him from wishing "very bad" ppl into the cornfield...
Would have been better had he attended then sent the tweet.
You literally make me sick! Your hypocrisy is so blatant. The moral equivalency btw you and @realDonaldTrump is what you should questioned!
Oh, stop pandering to him and call him out for what he is...
Well done? Pure hipocresy, both of you
@realDonaldTrump Well done? WTF. Like praising a toddler who went potty. Ridiculous.
Stop praising this mentally sick president.
Seriously?! Her blood is on POTUS' hands!
He's not some 3rd grade student that deserves praise for doing the normal thing. Every kid gets a medal 
Ah, back to kissing Nazi azs Lindsey??
GROW A PAIR.
sad you need to praise potus like he's a two year old.
@realDonaldTrump And dripping with insincerity
Sounds like you're praising a 3 yr old for putting the square peg in the square hole.
Now pat him on the head, and give him an ice cream cone like we would with any 12 year old child
blind dogs find bones.
...think that's sufficient. These "very fine people" said they'll kill more before they're done. She is a martyr in present day USA = NOT OK
How nice of you to point out what he already knows.
.. A woman - that disgusts me. It's inauthentic flattery vs sincere respect. You can't praise the Neo-Nazis and then call her beautiful &...
You are treating him like a child. What's wrong w YOU Senator? You need to use the power of your position to rid the nation of this monster
Beautiful is inappropriate! He needs to stop equating female value with aesthetics. Sorry. When a mysoginist uses flattery to "compliment"..
he doesn't get cookies for doing what a normal adult human being ought to be able to do.
Kiss ass Do something, he's not 12 @LindseyGrahamSC
@realDonaldTrump like he needs your approval...resign or change your party affiliation!
A representative IN PERSON would have been even nicer.  Trump has no empathy .
Trump did not have the decency to even call her parents. This s the president you support.
Could you be more condescending?
This is what you do for a toddler, not a 70 year old man who is president of the United States.  How much lower do we drop the expectations?
At 70 years old we have to clap for this guy when he goes pee pee in the potty? Are we f****** serious right now?
Well done b/c he tweets condolences? why wasn't he at the service? Total fail and so are you.
OMG! Do you ever get tired of schooling this giant toddler who has now outed himself as a racist and a Nazi sympathizer.
your bar is too low.
He seriously needs to be treated like a spoiled child who gets a pat on the head when he's not misbehaving
Swampy, No one is asking for your approval. You are neither nice or appropriate; You are seriously trying 2 divide the country.
The President is sick. He is harming this country and so is @GOP. He did not write that tweet. He did not reach out to her family. Stop it.
Agree. The appropriate thing to@have done is to attend the service.
You really think he wrote that. The day before he called her the alt-left and violent. His father was a white nationalist @POTUS is the same
You said Trump was wrong abt good ppl being there that day. Do you mean Heather Heyer wasn't good? You talk out of both sides of your ***
I respect you, but consider the implications of you feeling obligated to applaud any good behavior by this man as if he were a spoiled child
You don't have to give him fucking cookies every time he does something nice
You sound like you're talking to a puppy!
So who do you think actually wrote this for your 2yr old acting adult leader @LindseyGrahamSC
Omgosh...." My child got up today, and got out of bed and ate breakfast with a fork"...Bravo !
Do you really think praising him will get you back into his good graces?
It was patronizingly vague.  Trump couldn't include one distinguishing fact about Heather. Just replace the name w/other. #Impeach45
He's playing to you (the left)...that's where he really belongs. H. Heyer was throwing piss balloons and feces, she was not innocent. RIP
Dang, Senator! When you use "positive reinforcement" techniques on the President like a potty-training toddler, isn't it time to stop?!
Like a little child, Trump is patted on the head for doing something good.  In the midst of a temper tantrum he remembered to use the potty.
Oh shit Lindsey give it up.
This is how u support our Pres and help us out of liberal lies
R u SERIOUS?!?! U are praising @realDonaldTrump just like I praise my 8yo for using manners!! Sen Graham, pls, it is past time to stop this!
Do you want to give him a pat on the head and they'll him, "good boy!" too? He doesn't get praise for doing what he should as his job.
He needs positive reinforcement of proper behavior like a toddler?! It was done too late to feel authentic, therefore not well done. At all.
I guess this is where we're as a country when the President does something humane n decent we have 2 acknowlegde it. Sad!  Start Impeachment
That's like praising a 5 year-old for eating his broccoli.  Pathetic.  You're part of the problem.
Stop patronizing @POTUS. And stop preaching to us. The people voted for him. Let him do things his way. We've tried your way. Sit down now.
In other more direct words, Senator, we are TIRED of lip service about this maniac. Act. Get him out. Talk to your buddy, Ryan, and hey the
process started. In your heart of hearts, u KNOW that he is dangerous to the republic. You KNOW that other conservatives also believe that
he needs to go. And yet, you are happy to just scold him on twitter. Consider what an authoritarian regime would look like to your younger
relatives, how their lives would be unbelievably negatively affected and how U could've acted to stop it, but did not. History will remember
your same failings, Senator. Have a good day, Sir.
Noted as if Trump were a 7 year old and you were congratulating him for eating the green beans off his plate.
