They do in fact have another place to go, it's called the country they were born in.
Obtuse has your name in the dictionary as the definition.
You willind my sympathy for #DACA recipients in the dictionary between shit and syphilis, stop procrastinating and get yourself legal.
Yes keep ignoring all the fine little details about how incredibly difficult that is to impossible. You're as genuinely ignorant as POTUS.
72% of all #DACA recipients have been in the US for at least 10 years, it doesn't take 10 years to get a green card or a work permit.
Oh and I suppose you're the end-all-be-all expert on US immigration law right?
It's a good thing UBER doesn't require a IQ test.
"You might be a liberal if..."

New material for Jeff Foxworthy
BS Lindsey they have relatives back there they are supposed to be supporting, they know Mexico they go back & forth all the time....
You need to find other funding. Don't use SSI money that's ours. We paid in for us. Stop stealing our money. DON'T steal our DREAMS. 
Can you plz consider the kids of legal immigrants? They are facing legal status issues at the age of 21. @immivoice @SIIA_US
My idea is each Dreamer to commit to 2-3 year USA service in the military, public service or Infrastructure work in exchange for Green Card.
Dream is a nightmare.
Keep the adult age DREAM Act kids...   deport the parents.
Depart them all.  They are indoctrinated. They know how how to milk the system.
Good. But what is legal status? A new category!
Since you support the #Dreamers @SenateDems should support this repeal
'Illegal' understand? Now follow our laws.
Home, they can always GO HOME!
This is their home.
Not by law.
And yet that hasn't stop them from serving (and dying) in our military.
All of them
BS..don't act like they don't have relatives/family in Mexico and have no where to go.  they know the country and language.
How many of them do you know personally?
how many do you know that went through the process of coming here legally?? or are in the process?
Why do you support more Democrat voters?
Good for you Lindsey!
They can go back with their parents and get in line to apply to come here.
Idiot!  Sick of hearing abt the "dreamers". America first. No DACA. Build the wall.
#maga
#infowars
@RushLimbaugh
@AnnCoulter 
.@realDonaldTrump
Russia is giving away land for people to come to counteract Muslims Agression

2018 Looking rough for Gramnesty
#maga
@RushLimbaugh
There's a whole big world out there and planes leaving every day. You should have taken care of this during the Obama regime.
Ohh believe me they have a place to go!
Actually, they do, and it's not the hellhole you make it out to be:
You mofos got catfished.  More to come.
PEACE CORPS IN THEIR COUNTRY.
Really, no where else. Such BS. Let's say you do it. How do you keep it from fraud and corruption. You can't if lawyers are running it.
Send 'em back wherever we send their parents. This isn't difficult.
Let's deport Lindsay
Good start but talk is cheap ACTION Senator.
Yes they do. They can go back, along with their parents to their own countries. Send them home.
Great Senator Graham
How abt just as soon as all our citizen homeless adults + children r taken care of first. #AmericaFirst
See LG's comments on berniecare and socialism
Sure they do. You just have BB sized stones.
Sure they do: the country of their citizenship.
How about our homeless vets, our homeless, where do they go? I would rather pay for our own first...their countries can take care of them.
But not the parents and not citizenship
Very big of him
If u want to do something, let them apply for citizenship. They shld have already done this
Thanks Lindsey
Its up to the President to decide
Not our problem. Parents should have thought of that.
I don't think they should have the right to become citizens.
How noble of him
Give them green cards hell the Russians in Brooklyn seem to get them easy enough
Me too provided they're felony free, pass citizenship, and swear allegiance
The number of Dreamers belie the the truth on the real  population of illegal immigrants.  11milion how about 70 million
Forget DACA, where is Tax Reform in 2017?
I can think of another place they could go. Mexico.
And the Bat-Guano crazies are going ape...........
You would massively disenfranchise all legal immigrant kids whose parents entered legally. You'd be letting illegals cut infront of legals
BS. They can return home w/their parents. USA is fed up w/the progressive bs ignoring laws. ENFORCE LAWS, BUILD WALL, CLOSE BORDER. PERIOD.
Extreme vetting no criminals no slackers. No gangbangers, enough is enough.No bringing in unvetted relatives ..period
This senator is why we need term limits.
Drain the swap. Please!!! NO PLACE TO GO. Really? Looser.
After watching them saying f- you to the USA how can anyone seriously think of letting them stay? They need to apply for citizenship
What about grandfathering in ones here and end program.   Am I missing something?
Yes, you are missing a) the same thing was told the public in 1986, and it never stopped and b)
How very kind of you, Senator.
Cause a friggin wall is more important to Americans who LOST EVERYTHING
No criminal history? Sure  Criminal history? Bye Bye! USA has some responsibility due to porous borders & poorly enforced immigration laws.
Yes they do .go home all of them. Tired of paying for them.
So you're ok with DACA, but you are fighting to rip healthcare away from 35 million AMERICANS???


Hey Lindsey if you would like my name & address for calling the President a White Nationalist supporter I am happy to provide it
Permanent Resident, ok. Moment the commit crime, join gang they get ousted. Should apply for citizenship w/in 5 yrs otherwise return to MX.
Well put, kids. The rest start falling into other categories.
They don't get automatic citizenship. Do this illegally
Wow, I agree with @LindseyGrahamSC !! He recognizes that the benefits Dreamers give to USA far outweigh cost. Plus, he seems 2 have a heart.
They can go live with patients,grandparents,or let Mexican gov.take care of them,why America!
what about the 30% in prison? Don't let the demonrats have their way on immigration. build the wall! Then, no more birthers allowed.
Obama screwed up again.
What about kids brought in now and not found for 10 years?
I've been questioning this as well... What is the long term solution?
Me too as long as the problem gets addressed, the border must be secure with a wall so it doesn't happen again
No problem here just need to #BuildThatWall so we don't have to re-live history. This is the place for negotiating the wall
How is this idiot Lindsey Graham even considered a conservative? He stands for zero conservative policies.
They can go back from where their family smuggled them in and come in legally. No Problem.
20-30 year olds are not kids, also, FO with dem generic speak, be specific, talk mechanics of policy, point towards legal processes.
Then why did he support Trump's decision? Republicans have no backbone and stand for nothing.
What BS,their adult parents came illegally to a new country & did fine!DEPORT DACAs let them improve own countries
I agree. I voted for Trump because I didn't want the same old from my Republican Party. We educated them let them stay. Build WALL.
Holy shit, Lindsey showing some compassion? Mindfuck.
I agree but with the understanding that the days of "Let's just make it to America with the kids and we can stay" are over.
Well, @LindseyGrahamSC, that seems to have been the goal of Obama, all along.

Obama won & you're now helping him.
No way. They do have homes with relatives, or do you think they just happened here, poof?
You are on the right side of history on DACA, senator.  Thank you.
WHAT? @LindseyGrahamSC  HAVE status? What about EARN status like the 800,000 plus did so last year alone? Why are you forgetting us CITIZENS
I doubt seriously that this is due to Dreamers.
.@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC. Reward lawbreaking of parents? Not what I think.
Build the wall first.
Where does it end? There has to be an end. Children only not parents. Border security first, bad ones out, then we can talk about DACA.
Of course take care Of others before people of your own state
Bull they all should be made to pay back every cent of college education money and pay a huge fine in addition get an attorney or deport
I'm fine with them becoming legal, but there needs to be a time line or they need to go back to where their parents smuggled them from
Even Obama said it was Temporary and not for extended stay or citizenship. You should stick with it. Caving to Democrats. U SUCK
"Don't belong move along"
Complete RINO!
They will chain migrate millions of relatives
No
Then does that mean the next group of kids that stay gets amnesty, too?  And the next...
I call BS on that, they are all orphans?
Never going to change deplorable's minds. #liarincheif @realDonaldTrump gave them a voice
Ok but Wall first
Good on McCain. Jury is still out on Graham. He waffles between kissing ass and criticizing.
They knew the deal.Hey,did any "child" report their parents.No
ILLEGAL ALIENS have to go.They're on our streets, in our prisons,schools.
Unfortunately they r in good jobs military positions etc.  Perhaps criminals should go first and deal for others
No, they'll change our laws, that's all the Dems care about.
Higher taxes for us, freebies for them.
Enough.
We voted no
ILLEGAL ALIENS.
Them serving in our Military, I don't want.
EVERY leftist issue we let slide has BURIED us in 
NEVER give an inch.
Hell no IllegalAliens
But we can't let people have insurance, oh no. Saying one decent thing doesn't cancel out the other stuff.
Yes but some are not willing to adhere to our Constitution or respect our flag, it cannot be one way, give service to our country.
Bullsh*t ferry dust
It's amazing to me how many forget if you're not a Native American, you don't belong here either. Our ancestors did more than sneak across
country lines for a better life. They sailed across oceans to murder and steal land in the name of looking for this better life.
They can go back to their own countries. Nobody cares if citizens have a place to go. Illegal aliens get better treatment?
What kids and what age kids?  Anymore in the future?  Anyone under 18 years old?
I don't care what your "willing " to do    Let's see some legislation.
@Foxnews @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC Lindsey
  DIDO
shouldn't they be seeking citizenship if they want to be contributors to our country
Please know what your talking about.  They cannot apply for citizenship since they are considered illegal  They are 1st responders, military
Graham is not in charge! We elected Trump to end DACA and so called republicans stop progress! R INOs they are not republicans! Change party
Well good for you. You are there though to represent and not vote for yourself.
Senator, add resources to permanently secure the so border, and resources to toss criminals...
...and I am laughing my arse off...
I will claim GERMAN friends are my family and encourage them to sneak across the southern border.
Sometimes showing people the consequences of their actions will deter those who wish to commit the same crimes. Do what has to be done.
No mr. Graham they can return to their country, millions of people move (cont) http://tl.gd/no4217 
Kids belong with their parents and families! No one would be separating them but their parents if they choose to leave them.
So you reward a TREASONOUS Obama by keeping the illegals he gave our money to/towards. Then they get to vote against us.
Crazy
No DACA support until the wall is built.
Yes. Let's use human lives as hostages for a silly, unhelpful and insanely expensive vanity project.
TOO LATE DONALD CAVE IN NOW WE HAVE DACA AND NO WALL!!!!! LMAO MEXICO WASNT GOING TO PAY LMAO
Woah! Look at who a dreamer is and have them get in line like everyone else. Illegal act does not give preference. Criminals dreamers go.
Where do our Homeless Go! America First!!!
they r already here & grew up here, fine, but the boarder wall goes up to stop this from happening anymore!!!!
It is difficult to say, but we should make an example of them to show illegals that you cannot come here, or be brought here, and just stay!
So violating the law is ok as long as it's the right law. Pick and choose. You might as well legitimize the other 11 million also.
Must APPLY for current Visa/citizenship; NO free benefits; felons = deported. Parents given 1-yr to "come out" make Visa application
They cannot apply for citizenship they are considered illegal, DACA means no felons, must work no benefits & can't vote
Putting Illegal Immigrants ahead of CITIZENS will get you voted out of office! All the RINO'S must go! Sick of the LIES & BROKE PROMISES!
Dreamers aren't illegal immigrants. That's the whole thing here... They have a special category.

No shit Sherlock?!
But there should be no more new DREAMer statuses awarded or we are encouraging their parents to continue coming illegally. #DACA #DreamAct
And their parents and their relatives...
@sengraham2016 isn't this mighty white of you! Thank you for your bisased permission!
You might be willing but me,your boss would not.Illegal is illegal,they are breaking the lawHow many crimes are they allowed to make to you?
They all have a country of origin..
Get it done already; fix this issue that is like a lingering scab on this country; Security 1st, DACA 2nd, true path to citizenship 3rd.
They should wait in line like everyone for citizenship. By that logic people should just throw their kids over the border.
Get border security with any legal status grant.  Physical wall needed to protect against next Obama type who will ignore immigration laws.

I agree
Not true! Send them back to their countries!
They need to earn it not just get it.  Military service is a good start.  They don't finish tour they get gone!
Daca recipients are in school, working or in military. Criminal activity, welfare,or Medicaid terminate their daca status. They pay taxes.
How about the go back to where they were born,this is on their parents not us!
Keep hoping for that pussy grab gramma. #TrumpHate
Mexico needs to step up for its people and vica versa.unreasonable that all are angels.Thin the  herd then ask again.take knowledge home.
You helped cause this mess. Go away
Everyone once in a while a Republican says something is reasonable.
I really don't have a huge problem w this thinking. I just wanted it to be a congressional decision not an executive order. Due process.
That being said, politics should be using it as leverage to build the wall @realDonaldTrump
I disagree. That would seem like Repubs are using DREAMERS like hostages to get an unpopular and costly bill passed. Wasnt Mexico going
to pay for the wall? Also, it would involve taking land from Americans who may not want to sell. It would also be an ecological disaster.
Not to mention that it's 14tg century tech. You can overcome a wall with a ladder, a rope, a leg-up from a friend, by chipping through it,
with drones, or simply climbing. It's a stupid idea that will cost billions. Just bc Trump said it, u dont have to go along with it.
don't forget tunnels.
And boats because we also share  water boarders. Really the list is endless. Hell, get creative: tie balloons to a lawn chair, bike ramps...
What a slap in the face to everyone who follows the law to become a citizen.
Back from whence they came
Good. These are hard working tax paying people some of whom are in the military fighting for the right for people to bash them on Twitter
The 1200% surge of UNACCOMPANIED children was intentional-3 years ago-all orchestrated TO put all on govt aid pay Dems$ to defend/foster
They don't qualify for daca. You had to have arrived b4 2007
!?!  1986, 2017, don't you mean "this round"?
The Dreamer are America's and America is there country .
Not all immigrants are Mexican.
Maybe some of them. Not blanket immunity. Then end DACA and prevent frm happening again. Build wall, strengthen borders and fix immigration
Amnesty just leads to more ILLEGAL ALIENS jumping our border. #NoAmnesty for ILLEGALS!
No way
B.S. NO amnesty for any illegals!  Even DACA! Those dreams and jobs are for American children!
curious. Where are their parents now!?
Don't read the replies here if you want to keep mind and soul intact.
How about their nation of birth
They should go home or to your house since you care more about them than American citizens.
Trump agrees with grahm
Bull sh t!   They were never vetted correctly 50 % lied and used fake docs.  Many of them voted illegally
Billshit! They have a place with their parents.
These lies need to stop
The Republicans are all shit heads.  Vote them all out.  Talked about it for 7 year and then had no real idea how to accomplish repealing.
Americans r mocked, laughed at, n invaded 4 takeover. Citizenship rights mean nothing. They saw, they invaded, they conquered.
They are adults, not kids. We owe them nothing. This is not about being nice, this is about upholding the law & doing right by American cits
I'm sure they have family/relatives in THEIR home country they can go back too.
Imagine what a skill set they would be taking home with the FREE education they got on the taxpayers $$$.
Fk u! They can go to their homeland n their parents!
