And maybe a free lunch?
Is this true? Criminal...how would Congress like it if it were your families?
What I want to read is that your actually working on one of two things: repealing-replace of healthcare and reforming tax code.
Lyndsey.

Your days living off the tax payers are numbered.. Tbe primaries are coming...
An agenda to fulfill? Get rid of FAKE GOP potus.
Support our President and stop  being a publicity junkie
Why ??  Your attacks on $POTUS only hurts all chances for economic renewal ! Please resign
Minimum wage as it stands It's a cruel joke I'd like 2see members of Congress try 2 make it off slave wages unlike Con. They work hard hard!
The CEOs so-called funds their campaigns so Congress will allow them to slave the American worker
Got locked up in Abbevile for dumping trash in the wrong county they got the trash police guarding the dump
Impeachment papers have been filed, right?!? This has to end
Holy shit!  A senator doing his job!
Not sure what you even do
All great but GOP really needs to protect our Country from the damage trump is doing! Aren't you afraid of the #nukeButton? Give shutdown?
Don't need him, he needs to retire!!
Why don't you visit your fellow Republicans and talk about Impeachment instead. You are complicit in White Supremacy without action.
We The People want to hear you discuss #25thAmendment #Impeachment #Russia #FollowTheMoney @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP @GOPChairwoman @VP
Only 4 of these comments support DJT. All else demand you do something about DJT. You KNOW he's a nut job! Do something! Now! Be a leader!
I can decide if you are a real person or not, you float on the wind with no real direction
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #UnfitToLead
U still very proud of your President? Yeah, Phoenix was a class act.
So was ANTIFA - Have to admit, Phoenix police did a good job that night! #TrumpSupporter
Have a nice trip, and don't forget your #TrumpRepellant.
You have poor uneducated blacks there.  You have to incentive corps. To locate there and train them. You need to help create a job market.
How about growing a nutsack and condemn this monster in the white house. #CountryB4Party.
Hope it works out. In the meantime how about doing something about that fruit loop Trump, before he does something really stupid?
Let them know that by eliminating Free Trade with the Pacific, we finally have a chance to keep our manufactured goods for ourselves!! #USA
And impeachment I hope?
Thank you for your service.
You may be even more #lowenergy than @JebBush
Switch parties Rino, the first step to recovery is admitting the problem. Tell your butt buddy brain that I said hey tumour, how you doing?
You need to get your act together and support our President or turn in your resignation
Invest in clean energy
Get rid of Trump !!!!!!
Lots of jobs washing coal to make it clean.
When will you really support President Trump? He is willling to implement the people's program.
Ask them if they know how to create a new President. Hurry.
Are you proud of your president now?
My family support our current president, would greatly appreciate support for his agenda. the best we have seen in all of our 50+years.
More to the point what and when are you gping to remove trump from office?That man is dangerous and destroying the USA!History's watching.
so @POTUS calls the dogs of war out and now you're cool with him? Cmon man!
Please do something about your unhinged leader. History is watching you.
Still proud of your president? Ship of fools see the iceberg in plain sight but do nothing about it. We see you weak immoral men!
What about the Nazis in the White House? When are you going to cover that? How about the fact that numb nuts can set off a nuke w/o MOC's??
You should also talk about the next war target you & @SenJohnMcCain have conjured up.
Get back to D.C. & get President Trump's agenda moving-clean repeal of Obamacare & tax cuts for all
Talk to some Democrats don't stay in your Silo so much reach across the aisle
How about working on impeachment papers.
Hey, are you still proud of Trump?

#ImpeachTrump
Frankly all I want to know from you is what you're doing to remove Trump from the WH.  Don't waste time with other stuff until that's done.
Will you get up to my hometowns of Greenville and Anderson during Senate recess?
maybe you could focus on the I Hate Everybody President??
I hope you talk about the Trump Agenda! Not your own! We voted to MAGA! We are watching!
So, you are going to open a factory or be a business owner?  Otherwise I don't see you contributing anything but a lot of hot air.
Please please please do something about Trump.
You need to stop what your doing and impeach the incompetent Trump!
Do you actually work????  Travel & fancy meetings is all I've seen from the whole damn bunch of you baboons in Congress....
Get rid of this abominable administration. A daily embarrassment...show some spine please
Jesus...Abbeville needs all the help they can get! That place is a ghost town!
It's time to speak out!  There is no morality in the WH!  IMPEACH!
HOW DO YOU SLEEP AT NIGHT?
How about doing something about the roads in SC.
Can you working on getting rid of the hateful Russian operative in the White House? Please

When will you sit down with constituents and listen to their questions and concerns??
Impeach !  This isn't funny .  It's scary and dangerous
Country over party, Senator Graham.  We all watched in horror last night again.  Do not allow this to happen, sir.  Time to impeach.
I'm sure you witnessed the disaster in Arizona last night. But you all continue to put on your blinders. Do not allow this in America
There is a silent majority that speaks with votes not with hatred.
How about healthcare? Republicans promised to fix it. Politicians are liars. Lindsey, Tim and Joe must go.
You can thank out President for that,not you.
Are you proud of Trump after last night? For the love of God and Country do something about this crazy man. We vote and we are watching you
You are no dummy... politicking on sensitive subjects in two of the State's lowest income county's. Sure to gain votes right? Shameful.
Put our country before yourself and your party.  I can't believe people have to beg a politician to do this.  US is now an embarrassment.
All due respect you job is to stay off of tv and get busy repealing Obama Care
If you can give up your time to meet with community leaders,  then we have a right to your time as well.
Keep rolling Senator! GOP is depending on your leadership.
Thank POTUS for creating jobs while you are there, our country is coming back.
That's great but, can you do something about this horrible, unstable, ignorant man in the White House before he does more damage? Thanks.
We had faith in you and you blew it. One lousy scripted speech and you fell for it.
Speaking as though he is president of the US.wait for your appointed time bro! Trump hater!
That's great! Now when will the GOP & Dems meet to discuss 45's consolidation of power and the country's brink of destruction? #impeach45
#ImpeachTrump and we can talk about economic development. He is a clear and present danger.
Who fucking cares
Before you do anything, please deal with that lunatic playing at president.
Why don't you impeach that dangerous man running the country?
Jobs and economy can wait - save the country by 25:4ing our insane potus first

what are you going to do about the lunatic in the WH ?
Grow a damn spine Mr. Graham and invoke articles of impeachment while we still have a country. How much more are you willing to overlook?
Not interested until you stand up for our country and get this unfit lunatic out of our house. DO SOMETHING!
Why is this nut job allowed to continue to destroy our country? How do you sleep at night? A fascist nut job with the nuclear codes. 25th
You and the rest of the traitors are responsible for the authoritarian regime now in the WH. NEVER has America been so divided. IMPEACH!!
SUPPORT @POTUS! Forget $your  $$$ $personal $$$interests 
IF YOU WANT CHANGE
FOLLOW TRUMP!!
NEVER WAVER!!
NEVER!!!
OR YOUR REPUTATION WILL
FOLLOW YOU!!
SMALLTOWN & COUNTY IS THE PROBLEM!
Please see @chucktodd post!
Splendid. Please don't wear that yellow tie. Take care xoxoxo
So how do you like DT today? You flip flop daily. Take a stance on the obvious. He is Morally, physically, mentally & educationally Unfit!
Oh and Ethically Unfit as well!
How about meeting with your Senators to stop us from this madness
That's what you tweet the morning after that madman unleashed venom in Arizona last night and disgraced John McCaine???
How about you just censure the president instead.
Support our president and get policies done. Stop fighting with him
Trump seemed like a drunken train wreck during his diatribe last night! He is clearly unstable! It is time for the 25th on Trump and Pence.
Shut up. The #Trump voters are disgusted by you
How did you like Donalds speech last night ? Just when you were bragging about him you get shanked
Jobs won't mean a thing if the country is in chaos. Trump family profits while POTUS incites hate and winks to white supremacists.
I'm glad someone is working!
Talk with them about impeachment.
Why can't our President send out messages about himself doing positive things like this.  Thanks Senator Graham.
Please don't mention "coal". Infrastructure? Renewables? Oh, please mention that your "boss" in unfit for the office.
Well, what do you think. Is he still CIC after last night. Grow a spine and speak out.
You need to head to #ImpeachTrump
Hope someone got the D up and dressed and fed him for the day. Who's babysitting today
Well thank God someone's working cuz T is still campaigning
Can you ask those leaders if any would like to join the GOP and #ImpeachTrump ? #TrumpResign
Hey buddy, you are beginning to lose your spine like Paul Ryan
All talk no action Graham
Who cares

Remove trump quickly. He is becoming more unhinged. He knows he is dirty and will be caught soon.
Do so with pride. @POTUS put on a shitshow last night.
The only thing u should be doing is ridding this country of Trump. He is a threat to our safety and democracy.
Absolutely no leadership from you on trump. He's dangerous. We all know it but some people (YOU) can do something v

#25Amendment
Still proud of your @POTUS today?

Just acknowledge that the president is out of his mind and describe what you're going to do about it. Nothing else matters.
Ok. So today are you going to stand up for our country and not the fascist you helped elect?
Before you do that, get somebody to invoke the 25th amendment. Who knows? It might save your job.
Impeach
How about setting in motion to impeach the wack-job-in-chief? Seems a bit more important. #45notfitobepresident
Congress should be starting impeachment proceedings
Not a peep from you about last night huh? He attacks your closest ally in the Senate. He pits "us" vs "them" about heritage/culture.
After last night, PLEASE tell me you aren't going to walk around like everything is cool.  You know it's not!
Won't be jobs or economic development if the nutbag in the WH throws a fit & starts dropping nukes. Maybe deal w/that first? #25ththe45th
Mud doesn't care. He only wants his own talking points and photo ops.
Your silence on last nights debacle sure says a lot about who you are.
Stay focused and support President Trump Agenda.  Call out communist antifa who are the true haters of free speech.
Prayers for safe travels and a productive day.  Hope to see you soon.
Anything else going on that you might want to comment on? No? Figures. #Enablers



Just carrying on, like the fucking country isn't on 
Still waiting for that comment on Trump's unhinged Phoenix rant.
Hmmm don't really care what you're doing. There are lunatics in the White House, will you stand up for country& Sen McCain? If not, resign.
Trump says you're really poor compared to him.
Tax cuts for W2 employees?
No response to the rant last night?  He condemned your good friend John 
What are you doing about keeping President Loco from burning our country to the ground??  JOB #1
Why don't you stop and smell the roses, and then condemn what trump has done, doing and will do? Then carry on with your travels #DoYourJob
https://twitter.com/kurteichenwald/status/900204726842773504 … When will the #GOP decide to honor the US CONSTITUTION?  Trump is #UnfitForOffice #25thAmendment or #Impeach
Trump told america TV cameras were being shut off so country wouldn't hear what he had to say. I know this because I saw it on TV. 

Insane.
Pass tax cuts and infrastructure program and you will have both.


It is time. Country first over party. Impeach Trump.

James Clapper on DT's speech: "Disturbing & Scary"

"I question his fitness for this office."…

James Clapper stated clearly - He is very concerned about Trump's access to the nuclear codes. 
Would you consider doing something about the president? What will you do with your power at the troublesome time?
What about talking about POTUS's lack of fitness for office?!
Yup
What are you going to do about @POTUS @realDonaldTrump making as ass out of himself last night? #DoYourJob he's unhinged 
You need to get out of our country, traitor.


Are you & the pubs going to let that lunatic DJT shut down the govt if you don't approve his wall that Mexico is not paying for?
The costs of the secret service is going to bankrupt the country much less if you make us pay for the wall too. Where do you stand on this?


Did you watch Trump in Phoenix last night? His behavior is horrible!
No comment on 45 speech rally, disparaging senator McCain, the media, lies lies lies. 45 is back to being his insane old self yet again.
Just making sure you saw 45's divisive speech last night! Are you going to stand up for your colleagues in the Senate?
BETTER YET START TALKKNG ON HOW TO GET RID OF TRUMP MOVE ON GEORGE LOPEZ FOR 2020
You do realize one his supporters where wishing death of your friend McCain really nice for his daughter to hear but hey tax cuts
Lindsey,  he is insane. You are one of our few hopes to stop him.  The 25th amendment...
Are you kidding me Graham did u watch the same rally I did you own whatever happens u and your party own this all of u shame the USA
and I had hope you would be a voice of reason against #potus and help unify but you now ignore his blatant lies. sad
Here's how you have job creation and economic development....
Lacking substance and solutions Progressive Socialists always resort to personal attacks.
I'm sick of the ignorance put forth by ppl like u I've given up on rational arguments since u r either willfully ignorant or utterly blind!
I have zero desire to converse with the likes of you today. quite frankly your opinion of me means nothing because you stand for nothing
Yawwwn. LOL. Typical of Progressive Socialists. They never allow others' opinions. Sad.
 are you still trolling about? Did I not allow you to have an opinion? Powerful of me! + I'm a progressive socialist now?  Interesting.
