He's a disservice to America!
I'm sure if this had happened to Graham's hero Obama he would have had a much stronger response, he is a pathetic deep state RINO sewer rat
I call it getting to the TRUTH! WHY do you protect this traitor to America?
How is he a traitor?
He has taken Russian money for his campaign.
Says who??
Get real... the leakers expose the lies. without them we would really be fucked.
Maybe Disservice to POTUS but In Truth A Service to their country.Americans need to Know thatTrump an inept ineffectualLeader Who'sTime IsUp

For this you support the President!Why stand in his way on other issues important to the American people?
With RINOS like you, we don't need democrats.
It's very harmful @LindseyGrahamSC now kick him out of office! He's making a disgrace out the United States  of America!
But poor Lindsey hasn't  killed all the people he wanted yet? He's still got lots of brown kids that need bombing? Cause he's a sick puke!
Serves the public to expose his idiocy.  He does NOT serve our country
Whatever ur personal thoughts, he is still the POTUS, and leaking  phone calls or anything else is against the law. Someones going to jail.
get some real justice going and the trouble will stop.  they are whistle blows not leaks. No Justice No Peace! thank a whistle blower today
Then we should also fire Trump who leaked extremely sensitive top secret Intel to the Russians.
POTUS decides if he wants to UNclassify things.
Mr. Trump is a disservice to the USA so we're even here.
No it is criminal and you people better know there are millions of Americans that have had our fill we will not stand for Trump removed.
After reading tweet responses, sounds like most ppl who r following Graham are anti Trump! Speaks volumes! Graham is a traitor to our POTUS!
A "disservice"? ..r u kidding me! Its a threat to our foreign relations and national security, not to mention rule of law! U shld b outraged
The constant stream of lies from Trump and his admin. and the lack of transparency/honesty are the reason for most of the leaks.
And you are blocked, Trumpbot
WHAT AN UNDERSTATEMENT! How about harmful to foreign relations & national security!
Yes!!! DNC leaks, Postesta emails confirmed what we suspected all along- They are a rotten bunch. Glad Hillary lost! #MAGA
Never mind that the president's conduct with these leaders is also a detriment to the country.
The president is a disservice to our nation.
I believe you are one of those leakers and Mc Cain, too
Hey Sociopath Graham, who u advocating murdering & killing today? Koreans? Arabs? Persians? Or just good old Americans today? Sick puke!
He's a disservice to the US and all it's citizens. His ineptitude is frightening and disgraceful.
If you guys are going to not merely tolerate a traitor in the WH but exploit him, then expect more leaks. Quit your whining and impeach him
I think Mexico and Australia leaked them. Thank you!
It was Obama's corrupt NSA hold overs who will ALL be doing the perp walk on their way to 10yr prison sentence 
@LindsayGrahamSC is behind a bill that would protect #Mueller against being fired by our @POTUS . You tell me which side he's on? #Traitor
Yet he says in an interview "There has been no evidence of collusion"...
YOU SAY WHEREVER YOU WANT, BUT WE WANT TO KNOW, PENA DID WHAT HE DID, AND WE WELCOME THE INFO, WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO MAKE IT BAD, NEGATIVE
morons mcmaster everytime name comes up a leak goes out 4 coverup .@LindseyGrahamSC @VP @POTUS @KellyannePolls @DanScavino @AGJeffBSessions
Like u give a care! Your one of the biggest rats in the sewer
And you are doing a disservice to the voters by staying in office.
The leak is an act entering into treason and not just a disservice to the president. It is an anti American act against the People. We watch
If Seymour Hersh is right the Russian hack of DNC is a lie
I don't believe anything you say. You say one thing in front of the camera and something else when you are around the swamp creatures.
Graham TALKS OUT OF BOTH SIDES OF HIS MOUTH. HE IS NOT A FRIEND TO THE PRES. SPONSORS A BILL TO PROTECT MUELLER - HIS SWAMP ACCOMPLICE!
It is time for Republicans to Fight Back. Oh it doesnt pass so we will just go on vacation -Ridiculous. Dont you dare accept Dems conditions
YOU  might have to Fire all the Obama Holdovers or Give Everyone that works there Lie Detector Tests- 97% of them donated to Hillary
HI % Americans think the Mueller Invest. is GARBAGE- Investigate Hillary, Comey, Rice, Lynch, Deb Wass Schultz Clapper Powers FusionGPS etc
Obama Lied about "you will keep your doctor and your plan and costs will go down" The Republican Party needs to Stick together.
The Leakers dont want to see Our Country or Our President do Well.  Trump WON & is Making the Changes We Wanted. Get Leakers
-Ur statement Lindsey is VERY WEAK, kinda like U!The leak of these transcripts is TREASON! The leak creates a huge threat 2 the American ppl
Agree
you can agree 100% on vote to undermine @POTUS  but not on any bill that will help the American citizens - TOTAL FAILURES AND FRAUDS -
- your fake "in session" and proposed bill to undermine the authority of the @POTUS  is a disservice to the president
I wonder how many people you meet actually want to punch you in the face!! spite what they tell you!
You are a disservice to our President!
Maybe a disservice to the President but a service to a country that believes in a government by the people for the people!
Bad when he tells us what he's doing.  Worse when we find out how bad it really is.
All @realDonaldTrump @POTUS actions since Jan 20th have been a disservice to the American people.
How else is America going to get the truth! Pres., Veep, Cabinet, Congress all liars! Country Before Party, People Before Politics
You better take it to Trump, he hired the white house staff.  And check in with Preibus/Spicer...these transcripts from their early days...
Leakers or whistleblowers??
Yes it did not serve the President well for his negotiating skills to be so clearly revealed
Leaks are not lies and backroom deal to side step the Constitution. L has spent to much time in DC. SC deserves better.
It's amazing to me how stupid Americans are about what's really going on Dark State in Washington DC! Trumps our only protection from it
Both you & John McCain old relics of Cold War & can't see past Russia! These next 4 years better deal with North Korea & Iran! Russia easy
I'm against CLASSIFIED material leaks but potus bull$hit, infighting/gossip not illegal. IF 8 people say Trump called WH a dump-I WANT 2KNOW
I'm guessing those who leaked conversations were from Mexico & Australia WE R AN EMBARRASSMENT around the world
Um. One disservice doesn't begin to compare with the daily disservice he offers our country.
A disservice to the Donald, maybe, but a service to the American people.
Who's Keeping Trump honest? W/out leaks, questionable activity and individuals would be running amok in the WH.  Who are ppl 2 go to w/info
DUH! not to mention a disservice to American citizens!
How do you fire #JohnMiller and/or #JohnBaron ?
Start sticking up for President Trump.  He's the People's President.
No it lets the citizens know what a narcissistic bullshitter & fraud he is. There conversations & Trump are the real danger.
A "disservice"?More like a national security threat.Our nation's enemies don't spend billions is NSA-type equipment, they get info for free.
Why? Because he is 
Problem is not the leaks.
Problem is Trump unpreparedness and immature communication skills. 
Problem is you misplacing blame.
That's the disservice you're focused on?
Fire Mueller! ! @jeffsessions #MAGA #Support45
But, the transcripts prove that Trump KNOWS he's a liar--just hiding proof of lies
And the transcript itself: a disservice to America & all Americans. Not Presidential. Not normal.
The leakers are patriots putting country before self. Trump can't be allowed to act in secret.
They are leaking in good faith they are worried about Trumps sanity and their country's well being!
Trump lied.    Trump needs to be impeached
I find that information highly informative, and necessary for public individuals to know.  That's the whole point!
Trump is a disservice to America
Without leaks, we would never get the truth. Now we know we have to pay for that stupid wall!
YOU NEED TO DO YR FRICKIN JOB & START INVESTIGATIONS ON THE CROOKS FROM THE LAST 8 YRS! SUPPORT RAISE IMMIGRATION PLAN OR UPDATE RESUME!
Well what about the disservice from the President??? Mr Graham you're like a thief you're just mad you got caught
Not too many people present at time of phone call. Even less # dealing w transcript.
Maybe they should be considered a cry for help from within? Maybe long-term public servants are alarmed by what they are experiencing.
Maybe they should also not think about shooting the messenger, and focus on what the President is saying.
You are a democrat in disguise. Would be nice to see you actually stand up for what you were voted in for.
Seriously? He is a disservice to the entire country.
U can fool some of the people some of the time, but U can't fool all of the people all of the time.  Your the leaker Graham
Not when it shows the extent of his lies and manipulations to benefit him, not the country.
You have some explaining to do, Lindsey. #RussiaGate #Resist
Agree. But given the content, also a credit to the Republic.
Then do something about it! You are a grandstanding lying Soros puppet. Absolutely no credibility left. Please resign.
We are praying for new candidates who want our President and respects him. U and John McCain will be replaced   People r watching & praying
How dare you work behind our President's back to stop him from firing mueller. Mueller' relationships w Comey r conflicting
I'm glad there is a God & he sees motivations, hearts and all evil planning. God is alive and real   He will deal with corruption & those
Doing it. People want President Trump and all the maligning and plotting behind his back won't succeed.
Why? Trump probably did it! Or the former employees of the Dump White House.
OUTRAGE SHOULD HAVE BEEN MORE SOONER!!
Don't give them a reason to leak. Attack the disease, not the symptom.
"Disservice?" What, r u a comedian? It's fcn TREASON, dude! It's part of YOUR coup d'etat against #Trump @POTUS! The people won't let you!
GRaham is done!! will be primaried bya a Trumpican!! His days are numbered... SC is done with this guy!!
A "disservice "??????
As unhappy as it makes you all, this president is making himself and the country look ridiculously bad. Is that why you are so ticked off?
I would guess you don't have to look much further than the oval office to find the source of the leaks.  You can fire him at any time.
Yes but it's not equal to his disservice to this nation
Yeah, whatever. Maybe if trump comported himself like an honorable potus there would be no cause to "leak."
Don't fire them. Prosecute them. Leaking that information is a crime.
So are you going to hold @realDonaldTrump accountable for leaks coming from the White House? Didn't think so. Hypocrite.
Maybe if this administration was more transparent, there wouldn't be leaks. Stop doing shitty shit behind closed doors and this won't happen
Trump shouldn't be talking to him like that in the first place. The man doesn't have the good sense to put a decent conversation together 
Perhaps, but it clearly shows the true character of this incompetent so called leader.
When 1 has crazy Potus w/history of lies &disservice 2office of pres &hairbrained dangerous rhetoric we need as much information we can get
Bc it made .@POTUS look dumb.
If leaks are used to show the President is lying, then the leaks serve the public good. Trump lies constantly, and these lies must be fought
Disservice to Trump? Very weak argument. Trump is a disservice to the Americans.
Keep playing the "your innocent until proven guilty " routine & you"lol run out of excuses
No a service to the US
He's talking "disservice" while backing bills that limit and/or encroach upon the powers of the Executive branch of government?
shows what a big whiny fraud he is.  Asking Mexico to stop talking about the wall cause it makes him look bad.   What a great negotiator.
Then he should have released transcripts like all presidents
Like you care
Trump is a disservice to our country.
He's doing it to himself.
@LindseyGrahamSC , @BobCorker, @SenAlexander - we know that you are trying to hamper or get rid of Trump! We will remember your treachery!

You and Corker.... Playing politics while our elected President gets attacked by every dog in govt makes us ill! Deep Shit State Indeed!
Trump leaked it. It's called controlling the narrative. You're doing it right now.  How was your call with Kelly to discuss talking points?
I want to know why Inran Awan was allowed access to Congress's private info and why obama gave 17 agencies more data sharing on way out door
Whistle blower is what they are. Trump is a Liar!!! He should go to JAIL.
It is confirmation of his pathological lying BUT foreign leaders will not want to talk to the White House at all.
Is he "concerned" or "troubled"?
Then don't go on vacation and get it done. Talk is cheap! You can be voted out!
It sure would be easier if he would just tell the truth
But a service to the American people, which is the most important thing, right? @maddow @Lawrence @JoyAnnReid @washingtonpost @nytimes
Maybe somebody should ask you why your Pack took money from the Clinton foundation. You and your buddy John McCain. Traitor!
Agreed. These are private conversations. I don't like the president, but this one is unfair to him.
This is NO disservice. Actively attacking our government from the inside is called TREASON. Words matter. Please use them correctly.
Just shut up traitor Lindsey
We definitely have a bunch of big mouths at the WH for leaking info. How can anyone be trusted there let alone help run the country?
You are on the wrong side of the issue Senator Graham. Scroll down to read what the people (those you were hired to represent) think.
True but so were the words he spoke.
The actual contents of those conversations are a disservice to the American people.
Right! Transparency is BAD for all of us here on the hill! Actual direct quotes of us being idiots is unheard of! The truth is BAD! #swamp
Sorry Senator.The light of day exposes a fool and the fool is embarrassed by the truth.Leakers are not the problem; the embarrassed fool is.
Yes Leakers do Hurt Trump.ItShows that a PresidentDisloyal to All CannotExpect LoyaltyFrom Anyone.It Shows ThePOTUS is not aRespected Leader
It is a Disservice to Subject Foreign Leaders to Leaks. But isn't it a Bigger Disservice to Subject them to Unprepared Ignorant POTUS Trump
I call it a service to the American public. #SpinelessGOP
And Potus' lies aren't a disservice to the American People.  Come on. Be honest and no-one will need to leak anything.
If it weren't for the leaker the public wouldn't know whats going on. @realDonaldTrump is a pathological liar    thanks leaker
The leakers are doing more to help investigate #TraitorTrump 's Russian collusion than the #GOP .  Are they all #complicit ? Are you, Sen. ?
Really. What about HIS disservice to US?! Where do I even start?!!!
Well if POTUS would stop lying, people wouldn't have to leak!!
What about jail time
Disservice to @POTUS? How about the disservice to the American Voters by a sniveling conman @realDonaldTrump. He's hurting the United States
How about this? Was this a disservice? This is the man you called a Jackass
And super embarrassing for an already embarrassing potus
PS Not convinced this leak came from within.  Did anyone notice when CSPAN was interrupted & replaced by Russian broadcasting last fall?
...but a GREAT service to the country.
No. The truth that Americans deserve to know
