Sir, I understand that you, as a US Senator, have healthcare for life. Paid by for by the little people; American citizens.
Thought you actually cared for others. Sad to find out all you care about is Republicans removing and replacing - not human beings. Shame.
Try sounding like an actual Christian you #sackashit ok?
One thing you aren't is a Christian. If you were you would care more about the people of this country than your agenda and money.
You are a joke. Why don't you get a talk show instead of being senator? All  you do is TV interviews and no actual work to be a good senator

No true Christian would advocate taking healthcare away from our most vulnerable & our vets. " Whatever you do to the least of these...."
Well, I'm sure they will ask the hard questions
How about less talking and more getting America back on track Graham. #Maga
Be sure to mention the CBO score.
You lied A LOT.
You are going on Christian radio to lie to the nation about this scheme of yours?
When will you be speaking with your psychiatrist? Stop trying to kill us !!
do you ever talk to anyone but right wingers? ever??
No that's ok. I've had enough of that.
Are you telling him why you hate people who can't afford health insurance?
I thought you were one of the good ones! Shame on you for taking away healthcare from millions! Including myself!
50 new no plan plans = 50 new ways to kill Americans.

You said Christian talk right? 
Doesn't seem very Christ like.
Enough..thought you had some credibility.im so disappointed
You just don't care about people. Plain and simple.
@SenCapito remember those small hospitals and clinics you love to visit when campaigning in WV , remember them vote no on healthcare bill


Boy you're really doing the hard hitting interviews. I can't wait to hear your recipe for tuna casserole.
He's been serving up bullshit sandwiches all week.
Go on Jimmy Kimmel to discuss healthcare. Or hide behind the healthcare not available to hardworking Americans

#lyinlindseygraham
I'd like to vote you out of office too!
Nope
Graham and Cassidy prove to be as honest as Trump.
You need to speak with Jesus about your horrible plan to take away healthcare from the working class
I'm so disappointed in you. I thought you might be one of the good guys for a while there.
Same.
Naw.. graham is as big a turd as anyone on Team Trump (aka the Rapemen).
Ask if Jesus would vote to take healthcare from sick people.
Maybe you guys could pray for guidance, because only the devil would pass your hc plan!
I'm so disgusted with you & every other republican.
Read the replies to this tweet, I dare you.
Christian talk - bahahaha - now that IS a good one!
that should be interesting trying to justify how Christ-cutting people's health care. Christ preaches looking out for others-not tax breaks.
Oh, no sense in listening. You just keep repeating the same lies. Your bill is horrific and you need to resign for promoting such evilness.
Why ate you only going on #FakeNews stations to preach to the converted? Afraid you will be put under a searing hot spotlight of piercing??!
Christian talk AM radio? Big time, doofus
KKKhristanity is a KKKon! Wolves in sheep's clothing recruiting 4 Putin & DT's NAZI KKKULT! RUSSIA,RUSSIA,RUSSIA!What have U done?COMPLICIT!
More lies
You're going on a program called "Christian Talk" to discuss how your health plan hurts poor people?
How Christian of you.
You sir, are a monster. What incredibly cruel and venal horrors are you foisting on Americans. We pay for YOUR healthcare.
Jesus says your bill sucks, too.
How Christian is it to rob premature babies of their healthcare, Lindsey?
Absolutely talk with all senators that opposed this health care please get Healthcare passed..I need it so bad talk#.VOTE YES YES!!
You're a liar. You've lied to us all about what your #Wealthcare bill does. When even insurers tell you they hate it, you've messed up.
You mean lying to @Josh_kimbrell
Seems to be a trait of Republicans. When they want something passed, they turn to the evangelicals. Using religion to gain power is sad.
Dude...your bill sucks!! 32 million will lose coverage and insurance companies will be able to charge astronomical premiums for pre existing
Lying crook you need to be voted out of office!!
UR an embarrassing sell out. Wonder how you would feel if you actually had a family and a child with cancer? SignUpForYourPlan then talk
why so u can lie thru your teeth some more you douchebag

Oh boy. It's comedy time. Go tell us some jokes. We'll thank u forever bc u will bring us M4A. Bless your heart! Mwah.

Creeps.
Your bill is terrible
A Christian would not be sponsoring your health care bill. Repair not replace. (SC voter!)
It's not Christian to kick people off healthcare.  It will cause some to die.  And your soul will be tarnished.

Doctors, hospitals, insurers and more oppose the new GOP health care bill http://huffp.st/WCKpmKL  
Even your republican die hard loyalist hate this plan. It’s too late Lindsey. It’s not repeal the want, it’s affordable healthcare.
YOU.... on Christian radio.....SHAMEFUL!
Are you going on to get verbally stoned for you're lustful indiscretions with men, Ms Lindsey? #oldqueen

No thank you. Millions stand to lose coverage...how could you?
. Sen. Are you following the political developments in East Africa most especially Uganda and Kenya?
It's not a "dirty little secret" They chose medicaid expansion and red states didn't. Now penalizing blue states. Shameful.
Where's the CBO score????
Very disappointed in you!






#ChristiansWhoHateKids  #GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
Great post senator now go back to taking away insurance from 60 million people.
I can't listen to your lies anymore. You may no longer call yourself a Christian. What you are doing,God is hating
Don't put people's lives in danger!!!!
Is this really what you want to remembered for?
I'd love to know why you chose this particular program to be interviewed on. Is this someone you know?
Love footage of Senator Graham meeting with the Koch brothers....
#GrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
You have turned your back on us
You're a coward and a traitor. You e burned any semblance of a legacy you had left.
Yes. It seems VERY Christian to take people's health care away. Good job senator. Can't wait to vote you out of office. Seriously
I hope you convince lots of other people in SC to follow your lead.
Christians don't kill children they help them they don't take from the poor they give to the poor you sir are NO christian PULL YOUR BILL!
Why do you hate people?
No interest in listening to you. I also thought you might be one of the good guys. My daughters being diagnosed w/MS. And you don't care
Apparently there are a few GOP  leaders with spines strong enough to resist the Koch brothers $$$$$
How about telling the truth about your health care bill..32 million lose coverage...premiums spike, etc.
Stop taking Koch money too.
Thanks
You should discuss this too..
In Leaked Tape Mitch McConnell Admits The Koch Brothers Are Running The Republican Party via @politicususa http://www.politicususa.com/2014/08/27/leaked-audio-tape-mitch-mcconnell-admits-koch-brothers-running-republican-party.html …
Who in the hell do you think your are? Pushing this piece of dung down America 's throat just to appease someone who thinks you're pathetic
You better hurry Graham before Kimbrell has a stroke!  Josh you really need to do your homework before you make a idiot of yourself on tv.
nope
Your conscience weighs heavy? It shud. Taking away protections for PE Conds, essential services, like medications and setting lifetime caps
You let me down! This bill is a disgrace.
Are you going to tell him how you bent over for the Koch Bros at the expense of America's healthcare?
U can't just say ur a Christian 4 politics sake, actually have to behave like one. Jesus gave his life, ur in the business of taking it away
U might vaporize instantly with all the lies ur telling abt #grahamcassidy on a Christian radio station. 10 Commandments say u shldnt LIE
Your the fakest christian I know. .
$400 billion is why you are rushing this without CBO. That's what the Koch Bros won't give @GOP if no repeal.
There's nothing #Christian about no healthcare that works for voters. If #ACA is bad why bribe @lisamurkowski ?
If you want to know how great the Graham-Cassidy bill is for states, the bribe for Alaska is that THEY GET TO KEEP OBAMACARE!!

No Thanks I just can't Take anymore lies

Your plan is SO BAD you're buying off Governors by promising to let them keep OBAMACARE. you're evil AND a joke. @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain
Will senators and representative subject themselves to experience rated premiums based on their own pre-existing conditions?
Such pandering. Your bill does not protect weakest amongst us and does not adhere to a Christian"Christ Like" doctrine regardless of ur spin
Wow you're speaking somewhere you can get away with lying. Congrats Graham you are going to kill a lot of sick Americans for a Trump "win"
God doesn't want the you  to have health care he will take care of it we'll give the power to the ins companies.
Voting to reorder one-sixth of the US economy without a CBO score is simply irresistible; political conviction doesn’t enters the equation.
Spreading your propaganda about your awful bill- I was just starting to like you but then I saw what a crook you are!!!
Christian talk: Jesus of Nazareth wld have supported something like #MedicareForAll no?

Some reporter should ask him, should ask them all.
Blessed is that man 
that maketh the LORD his trust, 
and respecteth not the proud, 
nor such as turn aside to lies.
Psalms 40:4 KJV
I am so disappointed in you. Taking away healthcare from Millions of Americans Lying about preexisting con #ShameOnLindseyGraham U R toast
You call yourself a Christian? HAH.
I'd rather wash the freckles off my face with acid, thanks.
You know #GrahamCassidyBill will not be good for ppl.
No full CBO report.
No time 4 debate.
Irresponsible.
#GrahamCassidyBill does not protect for pre-existing conditions. 
These are the people against it:
Nearly 2 million veterans rely on Medicaid. #CassidyGraham would put their health care coverage at risk. Read + Share far & wide

Your proposed bill is disgusting. SHAME ON YOU. Evil.
Why would we listen when you refuse to listen. Total madness 
Speak rather 2 Rand Paul! He may go down n history as the fool who brought single payer to America from its opposition! Or former hero John!
#GrahamCasiddy
You have some inspiring words for the 32 million lives your bill will impact?
You've lost all credibility
now comes the hypocritical Christian BS from Lindsey. #FRAUD LIAR
Jimble Kimble?
Hopefully you will be chained up and speaking underwater. That Gram Deathcare was a whodini's move!
#GrahamCassidy impact:
- Soaring health costs for older Americans due to AGE TAX
- Medicaid gutted by up to $3.2 TRILLION

To listen to you pitching Eugenics American style like Hitler did in 20th Century? NO THANKS
I'd rather eat dirt.
Christian talk? Amusing as your bill is about as far from Jesus’ teachings as you can get
God knows when you're lying Lindsey...
NO!
About the horrors of your plan? Would love to tune if so. Please stop hiding and face your direct criticisms. We deserve honesty.
Hey Josh, will ~you~ ask Lindsey why he's so willing to kill my dad with his "health care" bill?

He won't answer me.
He was at a business luncheon today here in SC. He has the time to listen.
