Possible #TaxReform Winning Combination?

Tax cuts for working families & business 

+ 

minimum wage increase for hard-working Americans.
Can you get your only friend in the Senate to vote for it?
God help us, the details will put us in the poor house.
"Details will matter." I would say "duh, yes," but details, or lack thereof, did not stop idiotic healthcare proposals.
If ur budget is NOT abt culling the weak /old/sick/poor then PROVE it by creating a budget that REALLY helps THEM & not the uberwealthy
We need the BEST government we can afford.  Balance the budget using a "balanced" approach, as Pres. O implored (see youtube video)! #inners
how can you follow a guy who redefines "smug and arrogant" ?
Liar. We want a BIPARTISAN TAX BILL WORKED ON. We are your employers.  do it
We pay nearly 14% on $40K. No loopholes no bogus deductions no offshore accounts to hide "our profits".
You have become transparent, Senator
Dont't worry, you WILL get out of this embarrassing ditch eventually. Love you! 
Details for the 1%.
Just stop. We know you put on a good act but in the end you've put party before Citizens.
Most corrupt GOP in history.
This entire GOP needs to resign. You have ALL failed the United States citizens.
Great tax reform? Why do you hate the people who MAKE YOU RICH with their labor? Don't cry "class warfare", it's reality
Didn't the GOP just kick 9 mill kids off healthcare?
Just like the details on repeal and replace? That's the problem, the details.
The tax reform plan is just as big of a pile of bullshit as your stupid healthcare plan was.

Stop trying to rob and kill American citizens.
Sad and angry!
Staying away from today's horrible behavior of our President I see.
Call him out,Senator. Screw your reelection obsession. Do what is right.
Excuse me.The president is having a day long mental breakdown on twitter. Could you pls remedy this immediately and save 
Not True, it’s just another load of shit to make the rich richer and the rest of our country struggling
This CLEARLY benefits the wealthy. Bootstraps for us; government handouts for the Corporate Welfare Queens (AKA your donors).
Of course Lindsey girl, detail matter, like the details of your behavior, against American People. step down Missy, draining the swamp w/you
Whatever Lindsey...as middle class single American I'll B screwed by GOP no matter how you "reform". #TaxReform

Oh, let me guess: steal from the poor to give to the rich? The Sherrif of Nottingham Plan.
Please, please work for the people this time. Small business and the middle class ensure a vibrant America... make it happen!!
MIDDLE and WORKING class, Mr. Senator.... make sure you focus on your constituents, not the 1%, or Congress will look very different soon.
Not in the least. It's been fact checked. How can you say this and hold your head high?  Time to retire sir!!!
Making rich white people richer Plan!
Remember when you tried to throw millions of Americans off health insurance cause you thought it'd be fun to try healthcare reform?
I hope it includes money for Puerto Rico.
Trickle down has never worked and it won't work now. Regroup and get it right. HUGE infrastructure bill would help.
Lindsey, the lies ain't working anymore. Not even in Six Mile. #DanielLions #GreenWave
Mr. Graham, it is a tax cut for the wealthy.  Let's be straight with America and call it what it is. Tried of the lying
Really?  80% of reforms help top 2% of population...2.4 trillion more debt....how freekin stupid can it be ??
U r delusional. It will only happen with trump getting a few dems. Republicans can't pass gas.  Hanoi John McCain
Don't forget the tax breaks for those who don't need it..someday your plans will be your own undoing.  Hopefully you will lose your job.
We will see
Make the rich richer! Come out and say it!
I used to admire you 4 defending McCain. But the healthcare thing...now the tax thing. Do the right thing. For your country.
Yeah...the top 1-2%are so excited and pleased!!!! "Good job Brownie"!
Lindsey Need the Breakdown on Salary limits soon
Senator i think you are an awesome and can be and should be a president someday. I wanna see that and as you are best friend john McCain
Who's getting the cuts, and how they'll be paid for matters too.
"The tax plan promoted by President Trump as a middle-class tax cut would overwhelmingly benefit the wealthiest Americans.." NYtimes
Yeah, it's really "great" that the lowest bracket will have to pay 50% higher taxes.
As they say, the devil is in the details.
What I've seen so far is a clear and dramatic cut for the top 2%.  This reform needs to be about the backbone of American - the middle class.
Trickle Down....sucker born every minute
Why do you always have something to say. Your Health Care plan sucked. People don't like you. That's why you're not the President
Tax cut for rich??
Hope it’s better than your health plan, which would have thrown millions off health care. Do you expect to be taken seriously after that?
Trump - there will be "MASSIVE TAX CUTS" wonder who get's those  the top 1%? And of course, getting rid of Inheritance Tax, Trump kids 
#TrumpTaxScam
Let's make the breaks on the lower and middle and keep that top 1% of the chain to pay more. Richest country in the world 
Huge gifts for the wealthy.  Crumbs for everyone else.
Yep. So far, we know the plan is to RAISE the rate on the working class and lower it on the wealthy. It's a non-starter.  #TaxReform
Gimme a break. You know damm well it's only good for the rich. Quit selling us out. We are sick of it already.
Cost?
Here's a detail - practically no one in SC is wealthy enough to benefit from the proposed plan. Why don't you HELP US?
So we're supposed to believe Republicans concerning tax reform after you couldn't propose a better healthcare plan in 7 or 8 years? 
Can't wait to pay higher taxes as a member of the working middle class while the trump family gets billions in savings. As usual.
Bullshit. Tax cuts for the richest.  History will judge you harshly.
You think eliminating the deduction for state & local taxes is helpful? You're screwing the middle class.
You lost all credibility with that murderous, partisan, disaster of a health care bill.  Shame on you!
Remove breaks for the rich and increase breaks for the poor.  Even without details, this plan does too little for those who truly need it.
The Walton's and Donald Trump do not need a tax break.  The lower class, not just the middle class need relief now.
What about process? Will process matter?
Plan with Dems too, or this will go down in flames like HC. This partisan crap is why ppl don't trust politicians!
Great for which bracket?
Trump stands to personally save an estimated $1 Billion, personally!
As if Trump actually paid taxes.....
Advise when u return to Earth
Stop lying
Unless it includes impeachment of 45, I’m a hard pass.
Can't wait for my "miracle" of "up to" 1k more/year middleclass. THAT'S a "miracle"????????????
Your words are becoming as believable as trumps. Where's your integrity

Tax cuts for billionaires.  What could go wrong?
Trickle down doesn't work.
Once again thinking out loud. It is a plan not a bill.  Beef up Middle Class savings + take down the wealthy savings! #real change!
Why lower tax on wealthy and raise on the poorest? Why do you hate poor people?
In this #TaxReform  it seems people who donate much from wages, pensions & social security to charity could end up paying a lot more taxes.
Lets see if the Senate now can pass it
Do what the people are asking for
If not we will vote u out
@realDonaldTrump @The_Trump_Train
All I have to say is.. #PeePeeTape 
When we look back John McCain will be the 1 honorable #GOP who fought against this emerging #Facism #Racism and #Oligarchs here in the US
YEAH THE MINOR DETAILS THAT WILL CREATE $5 TRILLION CUTS FOR THE WEALTHY, & INCREASE THE TAXES OF THOSE AT THE BOTTOM DO REPUBS EVER NOT LIE
What a joke.
we cant afford good health care but can afford tax cuts to rich  Please explain that to me would you?
We don't believe you anymore.
just like your health plan   

Now details matter,  unlike the health care plans You voted for and sponsored? Take your own advice next time
We don't believe you fight for the people! Never again Lindsey. SHAME ON U!
#GOP is trying to cook the books with their fraudulent #TaxReform
Shame on u Lindsay!
So you failed on Obama reform, now you want to play with the taxes? Get used to the Trump failure train.
Donald Trump needs to be impeached! He is a clear & Present danger to Americans & our country! Do it NOW!

I'm sure it will be as wonderful as your healthcare bill.
What details like you're screwing over the middle class in NJ? My pt has gone from $5k to $13k for same house. That deduction how we get by
Um, not according to Cohn...
Same old. Same old. "Trickle down" garbage. Rich get richer. Middle class gets screwed. Poor get skewered. How about reform instead of cuts?
when do we get to see the details?
Great plan- just like your failed attempt at healthcare
IF YOU RICH THE REST OF US GET SHIT
April Fools!
Chump change for the masses. Millions (and billions) for the prez and other super-wealthy white men. #maga
Great. RAISE  rate on lowest taxpayers 2%. And how does that help the low-middle class?
Great for the middle class, or great for your rich friends? We know the answer already.
No one trusts you anymore, #lyinlindseygraham
If it's half as good as Graham Cassidy, well... it will be pure horseshit
I especially love the massive amount it will add to the debt.  How about RAISING TAXES on the wealthy!
Also, try a little bipartisanship-compromise-that kind of thing. U guys get power and it's like "we win, u lose and screw the public.
#PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow
You are FG kidding me!!!  You work for lobbyists that are paying for your perks.   SHAME ON YOU!
What a joke
Windfall for millionaires and billionaires and crumbs for the rest.  Typical GOP.  Lucky you have DUMB voters!  The rest of us r #resisting
Lindsey party before people Graham is NOT to be trusted. Show us the tax returns, please.
Rich get richer. Poor get poorer. Good one.
Details like Puerto Rico? Your American tragedy? Ah, just details,  Lindsey, just details . Only your legacy. Thats all.
Sorry, massive cuts to wealthy won’t pass muster. We all know that is a Rep. goal and like ur health care fiasco, Ur tax reform will sink!
Yeah,  if you are rich!
Great Huge Massive mini-trump
puppet
After the failed Zombie healthcare bill
Shocking from the man who ignored all of the details on healthcare ...
If your fingerprints are on it we are all against it.
It's a lie. Tax cuts for corp and wealthy will be disastrous for USA, mid and low income Americans.  History has proved this
How can the lowest rate be raised from 10% to 12% when Pres. Bush had dropped it to 10%, and eliminate the estate tax?
Fake news, jajajaja looser
Middle Class losing Again!!
Yes, we are learning all about how great it is for Trump and family, and the very rich!
9 - Only 5,400 returns paid Estate Tax!!! WHY ARE YOU LYING TO AMERICANS!!!
8 - on assets that they would have paid Capital Gain on had they sold it before they died!! Out of Almost 137,000,000 returns file in 2015..
7 - STOP LYING TO THE PUBLIC!!! In addition, repealing the Estate Tax - which is actually a GAP TAX which captures the gain a person gets
6 - Income to spend!  Disposable income SPURS GROWTH NOT TAX SAVINGS!!
5 - It's cheaper to do that than it is TO SPEND IT.  And U know what the other side of this is, Lower/Middle class will have LESS Disposable
4 - It's a Cost/Benefit Analysis of spend vs save.  All this plan does is create yet another incentive to SELL OFF ASSETS AND STASH CASH!
LMFAO Y KIDDIN RIGHT! @GOP BUNCH OF CROOKS N LIARS...FINDING WAYS TO KILL ACA AND U EXPECT US TO BELIEVE TAX REFORM WILL BENE US? BAHAHAHA
3 - Hey and guess what.. if you RAISED THE TAXES to say 55% - they'd even save MORE by spending.  LOWERING TAX DOES NOT INCENTIFY spending
2 - It's pretty simple... SPEND THE DAMN MONEY THEIR HOLDING!!  AT 39% they will save $0.40 cents in tax on every dollar they REINVEST
1 - Im sorry, this is NOT A WINNING COMBO!!!  As a CPA, this will SCREW FAMILIES and Micro Business!!   If Corporations want to pay less tax
No one believes you anymore. That health care bill was a heartless bit of rubbish. We know what the tax reform will be all about!
There is no PLAN only only Mi$$ion in cuts for YOU and @realDonaldTrump Peanuts for the Pigeons is not #TaxReform for hard working Americans

You guys better not screw this one up!
Lying Lindsey
Oh Lins, you're such a tease!
It's a tax cut not tax reform. All GOP liars, not for real middle class but for doners. Be honest this time like John McCain.
This will never happen. Dems will stop it with Repub help. Waste of time.
It's great if you aren't in the middle class. You rich people are hurting us in the middle just to benefit yourselves. It's disgusting!
Yes...where are the details
If you eliminate all common deductions for highest bracket. And reduce taxes on lowest bracket while paying Stu loans or rent/mortgage..mayB
Yes they will
like.we.can believe you after all the lies on hlthcare. 
But the middle class is screwed again!  Trump says he gets nothing but how would we know since we've never seen his tax returns!
Just like your health care bill. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA OH IT HURTS HAHAHAHAHAHAHA,
Stop talking stupid, too many states carry income, sales and property taxes to drop that deduction. Maine hit the hardest for a red state!
You're not bringing this up for vote until #Trump releases his tax returns. Is that clear?  #NoReturnsNoVote
You say the details matter? So how can you call it great without any of the details?
Let's see details before you declare it great for middle class..
let's get real it's for the rich. i'm a farmer and data shows 80 farms in US would benefit from no estate tax
-great like your healthcare bill?
Yes they will and we will be watching on your bipartisanship efforts to create a tax bill best for Americans!
Yup.  If it is just another big break for the rich and doesn't close loopholes that already exist, it will go the way of Repeal and Replace.
LOl, And we can trust you after you after your lies about healthcare???
#BULLSHIT
A bipartisan effort and solution will matter!
Just the facts man
More bullshit
Plz make sure this benefits middle class or GOP will lose us!Sm business will benefit most.Brackets have 2 make sense/have more if necessary
Same tax system. Just moving the numbers around. We aren't as stupid as you think. The pendulum swings
I hope it will reflect an understanding of the profound and destabilizing failure of Reaganomics.
Try starting from "How can we get the economy moving?" And then you may realize 1% having 97% of wealth is economic DISASTER!!!
Will you follow health care process?  Provide little details, open to no debate, and try and ram down people’s throats?
When did you decide that you would become the Orange Cheeto's official laptop? My god man get a hold of yourself.....embarrassing.
Don't lie about the details then.
Has the brainwashing begun ?  Convincing people to vote against their interest.
Who can tell? We need actual facts and figures not hyperbole.
Considering your claim of a great healthcare bill, excuse me if I don't believe you
@LindseyGrahamSC  stop acting as though Americans aren't smart enough to understand that UR tax reform plan doesn't help middleclass & poor!
Agreed...Details are important But if the details of the GOP tax plan are anything like in  #GrahamCassidy then God help us.
