Congratulations to @RalphNorman on his win in #SC5 tonight... once again conservative principles carry the day!
Barely, because of loser in chief @realDonaldTrump
@SCGOP @RalphNorman You better hurry, midterms are coming.
I get nervous when ever Lindsay grahamnesty likes a republican.#RINOALERT
Better get a new shirt! @realDonaldTrump is the one going to prison! 
are you part of the resistance?!?!  #hilleryforprison #neverhillery
Hmmmm, no conservative values here, just screwing of the American citizens, the ones you are suppose to help?? Time for you to go.
Be afraid, be very afraid, #2018 is not a slam dunk.
And you expect us to believe over 90% of South Carolinians support Republicans? Political gerrymandering is why the House not representative
In 2016 the seat won by 21 points and 55K+ votes. Yesterday by 4 points and 2K votes. Huge drop in support in 7 months.
"carried the day"? What election were YOU watching? This one was close, and you should be worried.
Conservative cause? Code word for fucking up this country?
The conservative cause of not supporting a living wage and pure hatred and discrimination against LGBT people? That cause?
Current administration amd Congressional actions are neither conservative or principled.
@LindseyGrahamSC now there is no excuse not to work the Trump. Act like a damn Republican and work the what the ppl gave you.
The majority wanted @HillaryClinton and too bad were stuck with ignoramus @realDonaldTrump 
How do you think the American people are going to react when we start watching our loved ones suffer & die? #deathcare
Rigged polls must be the new in thing for the GOP smh
Fight for our democracy while you're at it,  please.
I think you should meet some of the disabled people your party is about to kill. #deathcare #Republicans the party of evil. God have mercy.
UGH!
If by fight for SC you mean only half his district then sure. This is what happens when you gerrymander away a reliably blue district
The conservative cause? Destroying the planet and hating women?
That and a little help from your "friends." Continue to #resist #RussiaGate #DonTheCon #NotMyPresident
@SCGOP @RalphNorman Aren't you supposed to work for all the people in your state?
Conservatism in one sentence: I was born on 2nd base, but in my mind, I hit a double. U R welcome to use that in your campaigns!
see how he just barely won? That's going to happen everywhere if you keep supporting Trump. Republicans are going to lose!
Principles? You have principles?
Please do not vote to support #Trumpcare w/o allowing ample time for analysis & public comment. #13WhiteMen should not control healthcare
Hating gay people, cutting education & health care, and ensuring people of color can't vote in elections. Yeah, a real "win" for SC #resist
Mr. Graham, there are a few if us that would like to know about the Obama administration and Otto Warmbier family's remarks keep quiet ??
A few of us WHO!! 
Enjoy it while you can...


@SCGOP @RalphNorman gross
And forget everybody else
The dumbing down of America is really working out nicely for the Republicans.
Another red seat in House . Great job!
American people have not been fooled @GOP hiding #trumpcare bill #trumpdictatorship no transparency disgraceful ads you call that a WIN @CNN
@SCGOP @RalphNorman Bite me
Barf.
I think you meant to say "serve all Americans," didn't you?
BTW, Lindsey, a little more than disgusted by you. Russia got you by the wallet, too?
Talk is cheap Lindsey, show some action and get busy supporting our President !!!
BOO. TICK TOCK GOP. WE ARE COMING FOR YOU.
Sigh
As a transplanted South Carolinian I can attest 2 this. Far 2 many of my fellow citizens here care about absolutely NOTHING else but the R
I used call myself a Republican.  Not any more.  Anybody who supports Trump is a moron!
Mighty close for South Carolina....
Explain what exactly you are doing to fight for SC. The children of SC need their Medicaid!  #DontCapMyCare
We are gaining on you...this only makes us  mobilize more . Look how close in less than 6 months ....Tick. Tock
Hating this partisan talk.
If the DNC didn't write this off Ralph would be staying home, Lindsey. I'd say that itty bitty 3% win says SC is in play for midterms.
What are you conserving sir?
How's that healthcare bill coming along?
Country be damned, right?
There will be no win for the GOP. Trump will be impeached, and you will all be called traitors for doing nothing.
Yes the Country needs more voices to take away healthcare from 23 million, bury funds from Russia and get tax breaks for billionaires. Great
The conservative cause? Government in the dark and Russians in the WH?
@SCGOP @RalphNorman cloister than it should have been!! #2018
Great job! I think Karen won too!
@LindseyGrahamSC  We need u to get behind Trump and support his agenda.
Principles: Ignore corruption. Fleece the poor. Shred the social safety net. Yep, sounds about right.
I assume that "further the conservative cause" is another way of saying "fuck over the middle and lower class for a tax cut for the rich"?
The cause:
1-Take away healthcare from millions.
2-Make sure gun laws are nonexistent.
3-Silence the press.
4-Profit off the poor.
5-LIE!!!
We will continue to fight against Republican attack on the low income and elderly citizens. Great job Archie!
We will continue to fight the attack on babies and elderly whom leftists would have embrace euthanasia.
Euthanasia?  Do you have credible links? This sounds serious!
Lindsey did you ever read Hitler's book you are going down that path with the @gop
Just get to the bottom Of RussiaGate
Closer than it should have been ....tick tock....
Presidency Congress Governorships Supreme Court Justices, four special elections. For whom the bell tolls, the bell tolls for leftists! 

