@EdMorrissey @LindseyGrahamSC Now that I read LG thinks it was dumb I'm now supportive of what was done
Wrong thanks to Trumps tweet which called out Republicans they are talking of reversing that as soon as tomorrow
Also if Trump was for it there would not have been a tweet about it as it was already passed when he called his own party out
Mr. Graham, if the Ethics office did it's job then Reid, Clinton, McConnell would not be there.
My God I actually agree with this guy.  Yes the world has turned upside down. Good job @LindseyGrahamSC
now that is a quote to remember
L Graham pls retire and let others deserving to serve
Don't usually agree with @LindseyGrahamSC but I got a feeling that may become more likely in the #Trump era
Here's hoping Sen. Graham will continue to speak truth to power, regardless of party or politics. Bravo, sir.
Comes from the dumbest iteration of the Dumbest Party....Whadcha expect? #TrumpIsTreason
could not agree more!
You are not scoring any political points.  You care nothing for our nation only the elite special interest.
Not going to happen, bigger fish to fry.
I'm Glad U Spoke Out On This And Russian Hacking With Our Election. Im Liking U More And More
one of few congressmen who maintain integrity and actually cares for American people.
anything Trump will be for Graham will be against. That's why BHO got away with everything. Bobsie twins LG&JM
Where were the Trumpistas when the #GOP moved to fill the swamp with more  & corruption?!
keep the Donald on the straight and narrow. USA deserves that. Thank you sir!!
Enjoy rare opportunity to agree with Graham
yes because they just added to the impression that they are the swamp
GOP idiots like Graham are part of the problem I walk about in my new article. http://www.michaelfmartin.com/why-i-cant-trust-the-government-or-mainstream-media-on-russian-hacking/ …
Read carefully. Trumpsters. Trump is in favor of gutting ethics compliance. He just wants to do it when no one is watching.
it's odd, but I'm starting to like this guy... consistently seems to have a backbone unlike others
Well Sen Grahm said something that was correct.   Not betting that it's a start of a trend though
Thank you Lindsay.  Our politics may not always align, but I appreciate and value your integrity and character.
they have try to make The Donald look like the good guy. Sad.
it's scary to think those that came up with this idea run our country.
Ah the brains of the operation. 
bye bye Linsey
I am really getting to like you sir. Hold them accountable.
"Dumb thing" Xpert = #isis SunniArabWarlord @kingsalman 's PUPPET @LindseyGrahamSC !! @thehill @southcarolina @foxnews @cnni @nato
Right! If you read Paul Krugman yesterday he points out the corruption of the Republican party building for years
Banks are clearly overriding Congress.
Checks are supposed to be good as cash. How can a fee to get my cash be legal.
I sorry I just don't trust this guy as far as I can throw him. I feel the same with John McCain
Lindsey,  Thanks.... your friend the "speaker" is presently out of control, pushing legislation without thinking
1st thing gutted should be Dodd Frank that's the "Dumbest fricking thing" BOA charges a fee to cash BOA checks wt
I love this man. He won't and doesn't play
Vive la résistance!

+Why don't we just gut the entire #CFR
Code of #FederalRegulations and gut  #OurConstitution while we're at it!??
What a ridiculous agency; we cant trust Congress to govern themselves on ethics; we really arent that stupid
says a man who has a diaper as a band aide
GOP, 
Remember Americans will vote again in 4 years. We are watching everything you do.
I can't believe that I'm actually agreeing with  @LindseyGrahamSC but things are so upside down these days.
@tempteststorm2 just like chasing Russians down a rabbit whole when there is an agenda to follow for We the Peeps
Yeah, except losing by 3 million votes doesn't constitute a 'mandate,' as you call it.
Who thought I would #loveLindsey ?? 
Thank you.
Mr Trump and the GOP need to remember Congress works for All Americans,  not just the current favorite cronies
please senator help us from this mentally ill man
ya know everybody just needs to take a deep breath. Center. Clear your head. Get a grip. Wait. Future not known
proud of you, my senator!
They gave @realDonaldTrump a chance to look like the people's champion though, didn't they?
Thank you Mr. Graham. This was crazy and I'm glad they didn't do it. Please do not let this happen EVER.
Ditto!!
Thank you sir - you are best bipartisan Congressman
Have to wonder just how corrupt are the (R)S that they don't want any watch dogs.
intentional misleading spin? @LindseyGrahamSC is, like DuhTrump, only whining about the timing and 'optics', not the action itself
I don't always agree with you Senator, but you still have integrity & common sense. Need more Sentators like you
lol. you know...Lindsey's almost alright...when he's not trying to 'bomb the sh*t' out of another country.
yeah until after they come into office. it is stupid right now to do it or talk about it but its going to happen
I agreed w @LindseyGrahamSC until he said he stood w @realDonaldTrump ! Investigate his conflicts of interest already! Such BS!
We Dems been telling the world how fricking dumb R's are FOR YEARS!!!
What kind of shenanigans were they up to
lmao Lindsey probably feels like a badass for saying fricken
so now we actually see how stupid we always thought they were
Well said
Second dumbest, as long as Trump is around.
the hilarity is that Lindsey can now say/do anything he wants, fairly protected from GOP backlash.
YEAH! Don't we love a bully?!
