lol you should be a democrat I like you to much
The entire country can take pride in this.#US jobs and trade boosting our economy.
Everything he says is 4 effect. It's like the file folders filled with blank pages when he said he wasn't divesting.
Lindsay you stay out of this fight you never win#bmw
good post but please for goddsake can you get that orange clown to stop threatening tariffs to specific companies?
and thanks @BMW for coming to SC many years ago.
Have enjoyed taking delivery of BMWs at great SC factory. Wondering if Trump is extorting you: vote for Tillerson/Russia or I'll hurt SC?
Thank you for pointing this out to Trump.
Just let us know when Stephen Bannon has been run out of Washington.
Why did the upstate vote for this clown when BMW is such a big exporter and he's so anti trade?
BMW is very important to the Upstate!
that's good, so they better keep them here. Graham, you have no credibility so back to the suite with John McC.
agree we are blessed but the cars built outside the US should have to pay in order to sell here.
@joe_warmington @bmws and once the tax breaks stop at the expense of health and education, they'll be gone like Rust Belt.
term limits please!
a lot of Trumpturds on this Lindsey you can win.
sorry to say that may come to an end with the new tariffs imposed by DJT!  Other countries will respond in kind.
hey stop it now this week is all about Lindsey and his winning the White House etc oh wait
yeah f them. How dare they build cars with a US labor force in the US. The nerve.
BMW on makes their SUV in SC.  All other models are made elsewhere.
@toddeherman @bmws well you have not come up with any ideas to make economy better you or McConnell so poop or get off pot
Hope they don't decide to just walk away.
Your buddy tRump wants to impose a 35% tariff on them.  Did you read that?
Nice talking to you this weekend @theLJC 
Go Tigers!
#Clemson
What's it feel like to be the Putin's Bitch party? https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-01-17/in-davos-trump-aide-talks-deals-with-sanctioned-kremlin-fund …
I love my BMW ! Driven them for years . Mr. Trump will not stop me .Dreading Friday and hope he turns out a good prez
Quit complaining on Lindsey.He is one of few cares about COUNTRY.Lindsey,get to bottom of bromance between Putin & Trump.
My family moved to SC because of BMW.
Please tell the PEOTUS that we wish to keep manufacturing exports. Tariffs hurt us.

@cspanwj #UniteBlue
Ummmm, maybe you should tell the president-elect about this. Who knows an  informed president might be a good thing
good point,I also think trading with like countries important!why Free trade w/slave states?let comi trade w/comi
thanks @POTUS for saving the auto industry
Senator @LindseyGrahamSC working families cant afford and insure a BMW The cost of healthcare should be a priority. I voted. Now work on it
thank you for always putting country not partisanship first. Rare!
Senator Graham for the sake of the people, country and planet please convince your colleagues to put country first
Tell us the story of how you and your first boyfriend took each others virginity in the back of a BMW.  Very romantic
So enlighten the un-enlightened, DJT to name one. He can't keep doing this to businesses.
thanks Senator, so we agree bmw can afford the 35%.
. And trade agreements benefit both sides and both sides experience changes to their work forces.
Appreciate what you have done in the past and continue daily in bringing jobs to SC and building our economy.
there will be a tax on products made outside the US. Period. @realDonaldTrump
@adamboultonSKY @bmws Don't support Merkelly
amazing what you can find out when you do research and learn first, then fire off tweets.  Shocking
that part escaped peotus. Many do. Poor world.
You need to restrain your Merchantilism
Rather than appeal to Ignorance
help inform people how free markets work
tell that to your boy @realDonaldTrump
oh, that @realDonaldTrump. He's a dickens. Keeps everyone in chaos
Well Lindsey, now is a good time for a town hall to explain to your constituents why you have to explain this tonight
driving mine all around San Francisco! Enjoyed the plant tour.  Very professional.  #MAGA
bmw could also remove their plant and jobs from SC. What would you say to this Mr Graham?
British motor works why not Sparta motorworks american motor works no quality ENGINEERING. Fix or repair daily
BMW should able to build a plant anywhere they like. Bullying companies is not right. They could say the same to us.
let me guess @realDonaldTrump is retroactively taking credit it for it too...
If they're so great, then why is my husband's company being told to crush 70 brand new cars that's worth 3/4 $ million BMW
No idea, but they're phenomenal cars.
We walked around the cars and not a scratch on any of them, interior was perfect
Any plans on where you're gonna go when the big one detonates?
Don't u know ivanka is about to be on CNN?  Who cares about jobs and free trade.

@benshapiro did a great thing about this on his show today
Or give it to the rest of us. If it’s good enough for them, it should be good enough for us, too.
