It seems that with Lindsay it's the convenient truth applied without much thought
I think that you give him far too much credit!
Following Hitler's game plan. Call it crazy or political you are still an enabler. Hope u r ready for an eternity in hell
First of all this is 2017 and we need to do BETTER from within the government outward! The ones u should care MOST about is WE THE PEOPLE!
I still say he is a crazy, spoiled brat
Sen Graham, I.e. underestimating limitations of some narcissistic persons including Trump, won't bring America to realism we need Vs "crazy"
Myself and many others have noticed @LindseyGrahamSC that you are sounding like Trump now who you hang out with will determine how you act
Sen Graham, Problematic: Trump presidency so far: Trump does something ill-considered (e.g. firing Comey), spends next weeks bashing critics
@LindseyGrahamSC please don't jump into the crazy world
Sen Graham, Based on this scenario, Trump continues to exploit dysfunction in DC, instead of becoming a smart successful leader, Who needs?
Sen Graham, Must disagree "Crazy" is not the issue here, what's at issue is Trump's unreliability of character He's destructive factionalist
Translation: Deflect attention away from Congressional talk of the 25thA, reassure the patient until Dr. Mueller can surgically remove him.
https://twitter.com/GeorgWebb/status/901920679922212864 …
I understand the point.  Doesn't change the fact that Trump would fail a mental health check to buy a BB gun BUT HE HAS THE NUCLEAR CODES!
I don't what you've been looking at or hiding from but the POTUS is unhinged. You are sadly mistaken or confused
He's right. So Called POTUS will attack what's ostensibly his party, institutions that protect democracy...and his base wants that
Sen Graham, You give Trump too much credit, your & Hugh Hewitt's attempt to "normalize" a "hysterical" Trump doesn't match up with realism
Exactly! Been screaming this to people forever now
No. Trump is mentally unstable.
Sen Graham, Or, put another way, the learning and growing pains of Trump as politician are nearly nonexistent, propping this up not viable
@LindseyGrahamSC nice try! It's pretty obvious our president is stupid & unhinged.
Graham is a clown. Like he is the worst type of man. He is an actor. Horrible
Does @LindseyGrahamSC refer to himself in the third person in this
He refers to himself in the third person all the time. Weird, but not unusual for him.
Senator Graham, Sec. Griffin Bell's critique of president Jimmy Carter can be applied to Trump: He has a tendency to trivialize his job
Sen Graham, I.e. notion Trump employed a "thought out strategy" when he attacked ex-beauty queen during campaign shows no merit A new Trump?
If Mexico is not paying for the wall, Trump can. His promise, his problem. P.S. I'm a republican.
HAHAHAHAHA!! Good one, Lindsey! HAHAHAHA!!
yeah, he's not crazy, he's an asshole:
Senator, w/ due respect, you're overlooking: the words he chooses & anger behind them. Unhinged.
Lindsey is dead wrong here...
What about the part where he said Mexico was going to pay for it? Did he mean that too?
the general approach may not be new, but the specifics sure are--e.g. the personal bullying, defense of white supremacists & neo-Nazis
why is @LindseyGrahamSC speaking about himself in third person? 
LG and HH have expanded their following. Don't know if either have changed many minds, but at least more are listening to different opinions
DT seeks a 2020 primary challenge to create bright lines and clear Congressional choices.
There's no political decision making or strategy going on. @realDonaldTrump is not Presidential. #TrumpIsCrazy.
It's as simple as that.
That would include coddling Nazis, too, then. Nice to see @LindseyGrahamSC is no longer faking concern about that.
I like you, Sen Graham, but have you checked Trump's Tweets today?
#EnoughIsEnough
Basically Trump is more popular than us so we will continue to be afraid of him.  It isn't strategy it's his usual bully then to submission.
Gotcha. DJT followsr a dumb strategy that bites the very hands that he needs to feed him his victories. To most people, that's just crazy!
He is enabling Trump. This is horrific.
The triumph of naked greed for power over sound moral judgment. Republicans will have a very hard time disowning #Trump.
Please do not try to normalize this President or his methods.
Lindsey Graham during election said about Trump and I quote "batshit crazy"
A CNN commentator recently said, "Mitch McConnell and Lindsey Graham will be around D.C. long after Donald Trump is gone." #countingonit
Maybe. Maybe not
We voted for him so he could build the wall. If Hs and Senate - both Dems and Reps. --- stop him then they are going against what we want.
Lindsey Graham is pathetic! He knows darn well Traitor trump is incompetent/ unfit. He & other GOP are enabling trumps Shit show! Complicit!
History will remember you and rest of GOP as rolling over and letting Trump ruin our nation.
Nice cover for DJT, Senator! strategy, hahahahha. How dumb do you think the American people are?
Well -they know trump's base are stupid sheep.Maybe Lindsey is doing this for them. The remaining sane people know the truth - trump is nuts
And in the meantime...who cares about the country... right?
It's a "strategy" that is dividing our country and you are allowing.  Do you think it will end well?

So, you guys are telling us Trump is NOT crazy? Really?
You think Trump is crazy because his idea are helping people have better lives & you don't want us to succeed
Graham is giving him way way way way way way too much credit
If he's doing this consciously,  that's all the more scarier
"Stupid? Stupid like a FOX!" (Sorry,
had to make the Simpsons reference).
there is no point - he's crazy - loves getting in front of the no-nothings & getting cheered - it's all so sick and disgraceful
.@LindseyGrahamSC here are a couple points you already agree with.
[narrator's voice] "There was still no discernable strategy. The pattern of angrily airing petty personal grievances continued unabated."
Lindsey Graham has been straddling the political fence so long he has crushed the balls that he could have used to submit impeachment.
So, as long as it's intentional, it's okay to turn America into an oligarchy? Thanks @LindseyGrahamSC
No sale.
BS...It's time to admit our president is not sane...President Loco
This is called "gaslighting," Senator.
Yes, and it sounds like Bannon still has Trump's ear.
That's not what people are calling crazy.
Whether or not he follows a strategy is separate from whether his impulsiveness and petulence reflect a pers disorder that renders him unfit
Of course Graham would find a friend with hewitt. That clown is a RINO sell out and CNN suck up
It's unhinged because it's not going to work. No funding for the wall and Trump puts a gun to his own head with a shutdown.  Dopey.
A fine line though. "I'll risk blowing up the fabric of our society in hopes of consolidating my power" is a very sociopathic mindest.
Oh, Jordan, Jordan, Jordan. We, the Deplorables, voted for him to do EXACTLY THAT. Hellooooo - aka #DrainTheSwamp. All of it.
Trump is about making himself feel the love. That is his only strategy. He doesn't like being hated by so many. Narcissism, not strategy.
Dementia

How on earth is it possible that candidates to presidency are not subject to a thorough psychyatric exam??
If it is a political strategy, which is doubtful, it surely isn't working. Obsessive/Compulsive disorder because no patience or control.
Lindsey can call it what he wants as it is his decision to remain in bed with him. Calling your blow-up doll your GF won't make it breathe.
Wow, @LindsayGrahamSC flipped so fast and hard, he must need a permanent back brace to wear. Oh wait, you need a spine first.
Sorry. Don't buy it for a second. He has no ability to control himself. Malignant Narcissistic Personality Disorder. A classic case.
Thank you, Doctor Nancy.
Does @LindseyGrahamSC like it when trump attacks his friend, McCain, along with trump's supporters chanting McCain needs to die? That's sad.
I agree, it is their strategy. Trump won with 46% and now he's at 35%, doesn't seem like a very sound strategy.
So he is also crazy got it
In a sense, he's right, but in another sense, he's making the same mistake that so many others do: confusing personality and policy issues.
Those on all sides do this. There is the policy and politics, on which Trump has a coherent strategy (that you can agree with or not).
There is also the personality, which a majority of people generally DO agree is a problem. "Unhinged" is related to his delivery and motive.
Shorter Graham: Trump isn't crazy, he's just not especially bright.
