True
It doesn't help when the Trump administration shuts down the website for 12 hours a day either.
@LindseyGrahamSC I don’t understand how you can smile while planning to kill so many people with your abominable deathcare plan. Why?
He is right. Many syates are down to one or two providers who ask increases annually! But still no clear alternative!
He couldn't be more wrong
That's a lie.  Healthcare has given millions of ppl hope. It works they just don't want it bc a genius thought of the ppl in USA.
Can fixed you know it and Trump knows it but since Trump just wants to destroy Obama act regardless if millions will get hurt because of it 
Give to the states where it once was, let the states go cross state lines, remove Health care COMPLETELY from The Government.
Rare i ever agree with that man, but i do this time! Maga!
They,the Republican's been saying that for year's maybe that's why the trumpster is trying to sabotage the whole thing
And the system that allows you to hord millions while others sleep in dirt isn't working and never will. #CORRUPTION
It depends on when he considers working
But if people not using it then why change a thing it would be irrelevant
Won't work while @potus is intentionally undermining the program
It would work if you followed the rules and weren’t party over country.
Shame on you what a disappointment you are Afforadable Care Act saved my daughters life we both have pre existing conditions
The GOP is full of egotistical politicians that wont even work amonst each other and with MALIGNANT NARCISSIST as YOUR PRESIDENT #SHAME
Than @GOP shouldn't have re-written it to be broken. You lot wrote this bill, not the left.  HEALTHCARE FOR ALL
Only way it could work is the last obama installment..death panels...
...it can't be saved because the #GOP refuses to do so.
Sen Graham, You're not working and you are never going to work.
O.K. let's have Medicare for ALL...
Then system can be saved with supply side economic s with increasing the labor pool of practitioners of health care which would deflate
@LindseyGrahamSC, why don't u get together w/ ur senate colleagues on BOTH SIDES & fix the ACA as passionately as u argue tht it can't work?
Senator Graham has a very norrow view of solution space and warped priorities if he believes what he says.
It will work if you and the Dems work together to keep improving it.
How wrong you are.
ACA would have work if all Red State had implemented. Instead they allows thousands to die without proper care. Politics is brutal.

Well not with that attitude
Why not try before they say that it wont work
Koch Bros would save $$$ with healthcare destroyed. Stand up to these thugs.
Working for me and my disabled granddaughter
Seems to me anything with the name Obama, it's the GOP's mission to change it. #another1bites the dust
You are so wrong leave health care alone. Or let Americans go,on the same as you have
@LindseyGrahamSC get your foot off our neck, lose the attitude, work WITH Dems. #ACA can and will work.
And they'll do everything in their power to make sure if that.
Maybe if you guys had spent this time on trying to fix it instead of scraping it things might have gotten a lot better. But nope.
If Trump/GOP have their way, their continued sabotage will ensure it fails
His free healthcare provided to him for life that is paid by us is perfectly okay with him.
There are problems that could be fixed if asshats like you weren't actively trying to sabotage the fledgling program that's helping millions
He's right system is not working, for him & for the other millionaires who r waiting for their tax breaks which is what new system is about

Works better than what he is proposing. #SinglePayer would work even better. Time to rid ourselves of for profit healthcare.
What a load of old shite! !!!@
There not talking about keeping the exact same system im confused they debating each others plan or is Graham debating against Obamacare
Remembered " a house divided cannot stand" stated by our brother Jesus!
It works more than good for me @LindseyGrahamSC , a person with 2 rare genetic conditions that pre-ACA, would have been locked out.
If ACA is not working the GOP should fix it
Truth! Government has no business involving itself in healthcare
Lindsey sounds frantic. Whats up with him?
Well then we have the perfect president who is sinking this ship faster than GOP can poke holes in every Freedom Safety That USA has LOSERS!
Mitch Rayan Graham Cassidy/FoursomeButchers of healthcare/Masters of lies&perfidy/Not ashamed of their butchery unfair
farzanamoonBlog
peace
Because you won't let it...  You and the rest of the 'old white male dinosaurs' club!
According to you. I wish people would stop staying it doesn't work because you don't like it
Single payer!
Try harder

obama care is fantastic
By does government have the right to fine you for no healthcare sick politicians
Sen. Graham just because the current Healthcare will fail, you’re going to throw millions of needy Americans under the bus! Shame on you!
It all you POS wanted was repeal n replace with crap that would affect millions while lining your pockets. Shame on all of you!!!
ACA was put in place but made known it wasn't perfect & it needed tweaks but you'll sat on asses for 7yrs & did nothing to help better
Sorry Sen. Graham; you're a politician NOT a healthcare expert; have hearings, bring in all the "experts" and work "together" with Dems
#LIAR
So, just leave it alone. Stop trying to kill people!
It won't work until you are booted out of office! #GOPDoSomething constructive and help Dems fix ACA which was originally a GOP initiative.
If that isn't "the pot calling the kettle black" I don't know what is!
@SenatorGraham  you & the entire Republican party are failing much faster than Obamacare!
Trying to rush a bill thru that's much worse.
It’s time for a lot of people to be voted out of office. The old generation is out of touch with change. VOTE THE OUT of office.
Quoting Obama, " Don't under estimate the power of the people." The gop failed to heed his warning reading the responses we all agree FIX IT
So your plan is to take away health care for 28 million people instead? If your car has a flat tire do you cut the brake line to fix it?
Kinda like congress. It's not working either. Most members have forgotten they work for their constituents, not their party.
Please let the Socialist watch it crash & burn do not fund it maybe America will get off it ass & let congress know who is running Things
But he think his new bill will be better, cutting half a million jobs and taking affordable care away from millions. Sounds like a bad BILL!
Watch it FALL!!!!
We aren't we just a little ball of sunshine.
Take another approach Sen Graham
Stop leakage before refilling. 30% of healthcare expense on individual basis likely wastage ! Maybe detrimental. Anybody looking into ?
cont'd.....you would just need to figure out a family premium and then everyone else is 104$ pr month.
Not working because you Moron's broke it instead of improving it. JERKS!
@LindseyGrahamSC the FIX IT! If you know whats wrong, fix whats there instead of starting over and not knowing if THAT will work either.
then you need to come up with a replacement before you just up and yank coverage out from under people. Why not Medicare for all?
What's not working? It seems to be the only thing not working is that it is not a Republican program
@LindseyGrahamSC ask yourself if you would gladly be on this new healthcare plan vs the one YOU currently have?!
You mean U, Cassidy and some lowlife GOPs including that SOB called Trump will never allow it to work?
Congress would enact the best possible plan IF they had to be included in the same healthcare plan, period!
Whatever healthcare you all come up with, assure the American people that congress will have the same healthcare!
Screw you Graham! When you pay for and have the same healrhcare covverage that i do, then and only then can you have an opinion!
Why do these evil men run our country? They don't even hide it anymore. Rather improve ACA, they'll destroy it and replace it with CRAP!
Ego ohh yeah since we put our name, from airplanes to university and buildings
Yet your plan would make 50 mini systems that don't work.
@LindseyGrahamSC just like your next election time. You care nothing for your constituents
Sabotage !! The GOP from day one tried to erese the Obama Care, cause they want to call Trump care !!
@lindseygrahamsc you just described the GOP
Because Repubs are undermining it st every opportunity
You have to fix welfare before you can fix ins. Make stringent rules for Medicaid and welfare. If they can do ANY work, no money or ins.
Why don't u go back to the old way? Let insurance companies handle it. With a few rules, like covering existing conditions with equal rates
Liar
Then just remove the mandates and let it die. Then repeal is automatic and we can start over.
Your plan  is crazy.
It's working fine in NJ. My rates went down last year.
Hey Senator here's a new Idea!Why doesn't The Senate get to Work and Fix what we Got!Others Countries are doing it!Oh by the way Puerto Rico
The same could accurately be said of congress.
Intelligent people knew this since 2010 when Obama care passed!
Is it possibly working better than what you are proposing?
He forgot his corsage. #SaveACA
Works for me, but then u don't care about Americans,u have your lifetime health care. U and all the Rep are dispicable.
Let it fail then watch everyone scramble
Save 50% in healthcare expense. 30% unnecessary spending is due to fear of law suit alone and 20% is driven by greed and lack of conscience
And the responsibility for that lies squarely on your shoulders @LindseyGrahamSC and your fellow GOP senators for REFUSAL to work with Dems.
@LindseyGrahamSC @CNN But ifsimilar systems work in other nations, we know it could work. Dont we have an obligation to fix it?
So seven years later and it still doesn't work...sounds more like the current administration
https://youtu.be/RqPUkzBfX9Q 
AMAZING VIDEO IS OUT NOW 
BY THE KING HIMSELF. 
CHECK IT OUT!!!
So the Republicans can"t give the poor, Rich people anothr tax cut?
Not with your attitude @LindseyGrahamSC
That's because they don't want it to work.
I wonder if Graham would be willing to replace his healthcare with what he is willing to sell. I doubt it
Yeah that’s why all of those people there are cheering you on
PATHETIC!
Like this ass wipe can do anything. He never has done anything but run his mouth.
20%medical cost can be saved on unnecessary investigation, admission,procedure and medication;another 20% with tort reform #HealthCareDebate
Yes it can. Work together to fix the problem. Stop being a party member and b an American
Yes, because you RUINED it!!!!  On purpose!  Sicko!
Very simple Graham. Work with Dems to fix it
More lies from the closeted man who lies about his own sexuality.
Then come up with a viable alternative, not a heartless plan than screws millions out of coverage
Time for universal!
I also heard him say that it's okay to "fall short"... again.Trying running your next campaign with that theme.
Only cares about money. Help Puerto Rico.
Deceiving the American people into buying Trumpcare isn’t going to work either. Tell them the truth. You believe in less coverage for more $
He's lost his mind.
http://surpay.site/?r=242190 
Affordable Health Care could of been FIXED. Would of been no "PORK" 4 special interests,RICH. GOP HEALTH BILL beginning of end Medicaid.
Graham you republicans are going to make sure ACA doesn't work. U are more interested in Party control than the dmetican ppl
Do you want to say anything on charts? Arm waving will NOT work. Learn from the best, King of charts, Ross.
Sounds like this is coming from the gut of a man jealous of Obama. Why are you trying so hard to erase his name from everything he touched?
Of course it won't ...All thanks to the liberals and their obsession for control and money+power+greed=of system!
Fku stupid
The ACA is not working the way it should because Graham and republicans have derailed the ACA. It's their fault.
Because Republicans like yourself will never put the benefit of the nation first party and staying in office is what matters to all of YOU!
Sad sack of 
Because they keep trying to kill it.
For 8 years did not work for Republican. Now is not going to work. They did not write a single page for the health bill. Wrote by interns
@cnnbrk @CNN Neither is ur bill, Sir!
That's because Republicans sabotaging ACA.
Lindsey you lost because you failed to realize that at least 56% of US citizens prefer the ACA to your plan @ you arrogantly ignored us @cnn
Lies, lies and more lies! Stop
2nd lie you've told http://tonight.WTF ! The current system IS still working! It needs funding &fixed.So stop replacing &get to fixing
Beginning to feel the Republicans are no longer fighting for the rights of humity or its citizens.  Scary we are here now party of Lincoln.
Of course ... when you undermine, defund and lie, Obama care's success becomes remote ... why not help the American people & fix it ???
Your idea of a better way, L.G., is to rush through a terrible bill just so you can say you did it. Please consider people before politics
Then come up with a good plan....not this poor excuse of a plan  you keep bringing to the country
Because the Repubs are strangling it!  Please stop wasting time..fix it and then rename it if that makes you feel better!
@LindseyGrahamSC it's hard to tell the difference between you talking and you lying.
He's not working and never will.
“Im not going to keep paying” jajaja im sure you are not paying a cent for that health ins plan of yours.
..Why are they clapping, he is lying they have poked so many holes in the ACA it should be dead, they are furious it's not
What's not 'working' is Congress!!! 7 years and Nothing!! Get new blood in Wash DC. All we have now are Old Farts making a lot of $$!
Then work in a bi-partisan manner and fix it instead of just trying to dump it and force a plan nobody likes down the throats of America
Everyone knows Trump admin & republicans are doing their best to undermine ACA, destabilizing insurance market. That's why premiums are up.
Why do you keep saying that the ACA doesn't work. The only  ones that keep saying that are Republicans not the people that use it.
A minimum of 23mil Americans don’t agree w u!
As I said before, Graham hasn't a clue. While the current system needs some improvements, it IS working!
Against all evidence.  Clown.
Not as long as u crooked #GOP snakes keep sabotaging it.
Trump McConnell & Graham assured it will fail so they can say it failed, all bc it has Obamas name on it. #CountryOverParty
Such a positive spirit.
"There's nothing in this world that can't be fixed"
If he would stop sabotaging ACA it will work.
We want Medicare for all!
Vote this nut job out office for creating such a horrible healthcare bill!
Then a bi-partisan solution!
If you fund it, it will work...
@cnnbrk @CNN Mr Graham any system can be fixed, Republicans don't want to imrove Obama's work. Pure racism.
Not if trump is allowed to withhold payments to insurance companies. He's intentionally undermining the ACA.
Sound like a quitter to me.

@LindseyGrahamSC 
That yeller tie ain't working either and never gonna.
Graham cracker looks like he doesn’t have a soul
Says you,why isthat only 15 states out 50 have aproblem,these states governments decided notto go with extended Medicaid,that caused problem
watching this without sound makes him look like a demon wearing people skin trying to fit in
LIAR!!!! What Isn't working is the senate! We should get the SAME coverage as the over-paid do Nothing senate!
Time for single payer plan
Hmmm
