Sorry, I'll be cleaning my dog's anal glands.  More important and more interesting. Cheers,
@LindseyGrahamSC. Stop with the "repeal" crap and work with the Dems to #FixTheACA.
#PuertoRico suffering in desperate need of Federal aid!
John McCain lied to the American ppl about his desire to repeal/replace disastrous ObamaCare -
It's disgusting
I am listening to you and don't trust you. Sorry
If # of comments more than likes....you supporting the wrong cause!!
Lindsey... who made you go against your own convictions for this awful bill?  I lost so much respect for you. Go back to being you.
Ha! Your stupid bill is dead. Go ahead and shove it up your ass.
What happened with the people in the wheelchairs??

No thanks. You're a liar.
Your bill is going to kill people!!!!  Work with the dems and fix the ACA
I don’t think so no need to hear you lie more about your health care plan to the public why don’t you tell the truth
$

And old white guys, of course
Since 2000, funding for 13 EXISTing major low-income health, housing, and social services block grants has fallen by 37% #NoGrahamCassidy
Hang it up. Night night. Go do something in a bipartisan manner that will serve all our citizens.
Please. Stop. With. This.
Linsey's bill is dead. 3 confirmed no, more to come.
There is strictly no comparison between you and McCain, no matter what McCain do he answers the call of duty to the Americans.
Hey, how did it go for you today? 

#HowDoYouLikeDemApples

No
Speaking to you on Twitter.  LISTEN:  your bill stinks.  Stop trying to screw the poor.
Give us the healthcare you have ..or take away congress healthcare... I bet the republicans would figure it out real fast
I don't trust you anymore!
You speaking doesn't matter, just like pre-existing conditions don't matter. Sen Collins makes three, bill is dead. Another failed attempt!

The lowest real estate prices in the nation on average are in red states. Coincidence?
#GrahamCassidy will kill more R & D Americans each year than 9-11! Just so u can make EZ Koch . #DrainTheSwamp
 you
The people showed you how they feel today ..do the right thing
The GOP #GrahamCassidyBill is a total disaster !! 
Call 202-224-3121 & Text "RESIST" to 50409. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
As A Veteran who has Buried Fellow Veterans and support the Right of the People to protest, you need to Condemn Trump as he faces firing.
What will you buy with your thirty pieces of silver, Senator? #ThirtyPiecesOfSilver
I am a Veteran and your silence on Trump means you condone his shitty behavior. Not to mention:
You've been pretty God Damn weak, Giving Trump a pass on his divisiveness. He has belittled the Presidency attacking the NFL and NBA.
I listened. You could sell snake oil to a snake. Fortunately Senators are flying away like S. Carolina gnats from your ill-conceived Bill.

The approval you seek will be found in your opposition's pocket. You lose, do not pass go, do not collect 200 souls.
What happened the days when you stood up for what's right?
How about putting your name on a bill with honor- like Idk making it illegal for POTUS to declare war by tweet.
Dead fish, move on.
Shame on U! Wiggle out of this mess now!
CBO Preliminary Analysis is out - block grants are not good
God bless Susan Collins
Sen Graham nice try on HEALTHCARE. I suggest now the GOP REPEAL OBAMA CARE BUT NO REPLACEMENT. GO BACK TO BEFORE THE CLINTON SCREW UP.
Russia wants us sick & weak. You're handing that to them on a platter! 
#Republicans are pure evil ! 
#TrumpRussia
#GrahamCassidyDeathBill
US Military is Socialist if it takes taxes from all US citizens and redistributesthem to the military for the good of all.
No Lindsey Graham we don't want to listen to you any longer 
Gross.
Oooopsy Sen. Collins just said no! Bye bye Health Care Senator!
Now that U know and see how leftists operate, r you with us or against us Lindsey?

BREAKING: CBO score released on Grassidy. Stay tuned here. 

Follow if interested.
Propaganda and lies. You don't deserve to be senator
Let's get it passed
Hope you're ready for retirement. I get the feeling this will be your last term.
I used to like you...then you put pocketbook over human beings
Tell him how you're selling out your constituents to make Koch Bros happy! #GrahamCassidy =sicker or dead!
You have time to go on a show AND take healthcare away from millions of Americans....well, aren't you the super duper multi-tasker. #Resist
Senator, you have let us down. #KillTheBill
This bill is awful and will result in millions with less insurance and higher premiums.  Stop telling lies!!
You have no reason to take health insurance away from Americans and think this is alright.
I'm a Dem but I was really starting to like and respect you ... Even had hope that this bill wouldn't be awful. I'm sadly mistaken....
Tune in to "Talkin' Murder with Lindsey"
Your just taking billions from Dem states and moving to Red states..Bad bill ...#fixitdontkillit. #thewormwillturn
You suck
Uh no, Senator.
Why would we listen to someone trying to take OUR money from hcare that saves OUR children to spend it on killing children around the world
America first - what a joke.
WE DON'T WANT YOUR DAMMED HEALTHCARE BILL.
AWAY WITH YOU! SHAME! SHAME! SHAME!
https://twitter.com/dylanlscott/status/912392914151624704 … I read your bill. Have u? Someone should forward u & @BillCassidy  a copy #GrahamCassidyNO
Bill Cassidy is just straight-up not telling the truth about his own bill.

Not exaggeration, hysteria, or spin. https://twitter.com/sangerkatz/status/912392757662056448 …

Your buddy Heller thinks this is FUN & GAMES... #KGOP
Why would citizens tune in to listen to more lies?  There are ZERO insurers or medical organizations that support your bill because it SUCKS
LISTEN: Americans are getting older and the need for nursing care is rising.  How many elderly will your bill KILL by denying access?
Why aren't you at your OWN hearing? Hate the truth much?
Is he gay too?
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
Or maybe concentrate on helping US Virgin Islands & Puerto Rico instead of trying to fuk over poor & sick taxpayers! You just suck!
Be sure to mention your death panels 
McCaskill asks if there is a definition of "adequate and affordable" in the bill. Cassidy suggests Merriam-Webster. CASSIDY EXPOSED AS LIAR
Done With You
No.
Tony Perkins blamed gays for God's wrath. Then his home was swept away | John Paul Brammer
How many times have republicans wasted time & money on this? 50-60 times! JFC! Fix Obamacare or insurance for all! $700billion for military!
No to quota based single payer do the research, the new technology will not be funded.obama wanted to tax all devices curtailing use.
If you are worried about the cost, work with the Democrats to get costs down.  Healthcare is cheaper everywhere else.
#GrahamCassidyDeathBill #GrahamCassidy
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
WHY DID YOU LEAVE THE HEALTHCARE HEARING? TOO ASHAMED TO HEAR HOW MONSTROUSLY CRUEL YOUR BILL IS ON THE SENATE FLOOR? CAN'T TAKE IT GRAHAM?
More lies Senator? You’re still going to get owned tonight on @CNN
Shame on you trying to pass your deathly healthcare bill!!! #GrahamCasiddy
No cuts to Medicaid! Save our liberty!  #ADAPTandRESIST 
No Lindsey. You lost me with your "Health care" bill. Love my daughter too much to humor you.
Can you please investigate Ivanka Trump personal emails usage for government correspondences..it rings bell ...cant recall
If you can vote yes on the repeal of the affordable care act after what you witnessed at the hearing today you have no heart.
Or soul and are in the pocket of greedy insurance companies
HOW CAN YOU DEFEND #DEATHCARE
https://twitter.com/BanditRandom/status/912396043802644481 …
#no thanks
I've heard enough of you LIES AND BULLSH*T TODAY TO SINK A BATTLE SHIP.
YOU LISTEN. UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE FOR ALL.  You just don't want to lose all the $$ you get from insurance & big pharma companies. Get a SPINE
Is this Russian radio? Do you speak to reputable media, or just alt-right Russian? @SenateGOP @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
Tell him how your constituents hate this bill but we're not the ones getting paid to push it through 
Tell  him how your constituents don't think. highly of YOU either.
Please don't squeeze the charlatan.
No. I've heard enough of your lies for one day.
Ps- Tony Perkins and the FRC are a hate group. How low can you go for good press Lindsey?
