Lindsey Graham offers new Obamacare plan: 'Collapse and replace' http://washex.am/2mtb1ch  via @alweaver22
You've spent 8 years ranting about the ACA and demanding repeal, but you spend NO time coming up with a replacement plan.
Easy for you to say, since your med coverage is all paid by us. I want to strip you all from that privilege. Pay for yours.
You do know your job is not to help Prez Trump. Your job is to help us. Collapsing our health care system would not help us
why the hell should they? What did you jackasses do to help Pres Obama? #obstructionMuch
IKR! Any shortcomings in the ACA are probably because the Obama admin had to fight them tooth and nail to get anything done.
Lead by EXAMPLE.  Stop being hypocrites and live like the rest of us.  Just trying to pay all our bills and stay healthy.
Wow. Do you realize that this is not a game?  When someone dies, nobody wins.
GIVE UP YOUR HEALTHCARE BENEFITS!!!  Insurers wouldn't pull out of the marketplace if they believed it would still exist.
If collapsing our health care system helps Prez Trump, just what is he trying to accomplish? Can you fools help us?
O Care is imploding on it self. We should just just allow it? That ruined Heath Care for millions
repealing is only for humiliating Obama be a grown-up and fix the ACA
Why do the Republicans not have a solid fix that can garner near universal support?  7 years. You had 7 years.  No excuses.
You never know when the healthy 20-30 something is going to get hit by a bus and need insurance.
Final suggestion. Make employer provided benefits taxable income, or just eliminate employer plans. Have 1 exchange for all
You own the healthcare problem and always have.  Stop blaming Democrats for trying to solve a problem for REAL people.
Please keep money in public schools.
@AlexPappas @alweaver22 @dcexaminer here's the fix: regulate health care costs!  8$ for an ibuprofen #therealproblem
Why not repair? Work together, Congress.
Dems will have to agree to work with Pres Trump.  Thus far they haven not.
This is where it will head, eventually. POTUS needs to lead a bipartisan solution. It will help his approval ratings immensely
Repair it and save us the time and expense of this BS partisan fighting.
That would be smart to do. GOP filled with rage #ACA exists. Want their name on a replacement and claim it's better #24millionuninsured
Don't care what they call. Hell, rename it CitizenCare and be done with it.
Lying troll
So far, the Republican replacement for the Affordable Care Act are worse than the Act it seeks to replace.
Again, Congress gets the SAME benefits as all other Americans.  No taxpayer provided Gold standard plan at a super low cost
dude it's going to collapse all on its own , don't go owning that geesh u guys get a clue there's the guiltene I try it lol
Can't wait until someone you love dies or goes bankrupt because they can't get medical care.  Maybe then you can understand
Look at the underlying reasons that insurance premiums increase.  Medical costs are NOT transparent & are way too high.
Republicans have done EVERYTHING in their power to destroy and vilify the ACA.  When did YOU lift a finger to make it work?
then try fixing it instead of repealing it. You are a smart guy.
Why don't you just fix Obamacare. Why does everything have to be a zero sum game for you guys? #Bipartisan
BC it's named for a Black POTUS. Note how many white supremacists fill cabinet, inner circle. Plus, they want to fill coffers for .01%
You totally disgust me with your lack of understanding and compassion. Recognize your privilege & apologize to constituents
Why didn't Republicans address the problem of pre-existing conditions, age rating, sex rating, lifetime limits before ACA?
Why don't you legislate limits on the amounts that doctors hospitals and pharma companies charge so insurance rates fall?
Stop with the childish divisions. Y'all should be working FOR the American people NOT just for one side or another.
Until then, regular, hard-working citizens who don't receive medical coverage from an employer get PUNISHED by politicians
Help Trump? Thought ACA was on death spiral?
Wish I could find the humor you do with this mess. Now Rs get blamed? No winners.
so you lied to us ! Said if we gave @gop all branches of government you would repeal Obamacare. So now you let us suffer?
Did you and the Republicans lift a finger to help President Obama? No!
- lets first start with eliminating the 100% paid healthcare for life that all Congress and Senate receives.
You seem like such a great guy until you tweet something like this. Health care should be a right of all people.
@SenateGOP Obamacare implosion = dumbest idea EVER. Then say goodbye to H&S majorities. Pass #AHCA. Please don't f this up.
ever notice how GOP always uses catastrophic vague language to describe ACA but no real substance and no solutions
Seems like if u come with something that actually helps ppl, they'll get in line.
You all are doing a "collapse and replace" of our democracy. Hypocrites.
Why would they ? You didn't help at all , just the opposite .  Pay back time.  What don't you get?
stop quoting one ins company. It's working me
How about Rescue and Improve?  Do the right thing for the people.
@AlexPappas @alweaver22 stop the juvenile soft ball league behavior and work with Dems. If you only scream "repeal", no way
@AlexPappas @alweaver22 help trump do what? Fuck up the country and environment, boot ppl off healthcare, dismantle NATO
wasn't that long ago people actually reached across the aisle. I think if there was a sincere request for help to fix  yes
Does the name Merrick Garland ring any bells? Why would dems help him kill citizens? That's your, @SpeakerRyan, GOP job
as a constituent, I'm ashamed you suggested this. Please act like an adult.
The Democrats will be as kind to Trump as the Republicans were to President Obama.
Why should they?
You do good things, this is wrong! Fix Affordable Care Act...it is already there...forget saving face, be a bigger man!
do not wait for it to collapse ..we paid you to SOLVE problems BEFORE million of Americans are hurt
Sounds like a plan if Democrats aren't going to work to fix the problem.
I agree we should fix TRUMPCARE
#theresistance 
#impeachtrump
by the way President Trump commands no respect and the dems are at least holding the line on what is okay vs not.
Governing should not be like watching professional wrestling.  People are tired of the theatrics.  Fix, don't repeal.
Maybe if the reps we voted in as republicans would support this republican President He could get more things done.
It's not the DEMS fault you have a crap plan to enrich the rich and hurt the poor and elderly. C'mon. Fess up. DO your job.
GOP doesn't care. Your dream is collapse of ACA and millions no ins.That's what you're saying/legislating. #wearewatching
don't repeal,replace ACA: Rename it:RyanCare, LindseyCare or maybe MitchCare.
I like you. Would you do a collapse then replace or both at the same time?
or perhaps start by reducing loss ratio thresholds by ~ 2% in conjunction with one or two non acute benefit reductions?
The GOP bi+Ched for 8 years about ACA but guess what, they don't have a better plan. Time to put up or shut up
Republicans can barely work with each other on this issue.  Scrap the garage House bill. Address the cost side of the issue
not much difference than the last 8 years.
watch out next election. You are out
Disappointed to read this. I guess u ultimately don't care about the wellbeing of the American people. Politics as usual.
If @GOP wants to FIX instead of the hateful REPEAL, it would be remiss of the @Dems not to collaborate @SenSchumer
uhhmm - did y'all lift a finger to help obama? Dont be a hypocrite
Dems will help when there is a logical & promising bill to get behind. Current bill will not win Dems or votes in 2018
Sad, @LindseyGrahamSC. Not leadership, not statecraft, irresponsible, & a course of action that violates the best interests of constituents.
Lindsey stand up for ALL the American people. U never stand up 4 me, but always lump me in w/"the American people want..
I think #Trumpcare is a bad deal for Americans. I laughed when you said Dems wont lift a finger. Where were u for 8 yrs?!
replace, do not fix Obama mess.
And try not to pretend like you actually give a shit about people's health in this country #hypocrite
or you could just fix it
How dishonest of U 2 blame Dems.Trump/Ryan plan is a mess & GOP are split. Shame on U.Thought U were better than this
Guarantee if you used the same insurance as everyone else, you'd get a plan settled. Grow up and fix it!
For once I agree with you. Ryan's plan is Obamacare lite. Erase Obamacare
So confused,  are you setting up meetings? Throwing baby with bathwater is crazy, fix the ACA. You have a responsibility.
You're smarter than this. Stop wasting money fighting this. Work with what we've got. We don't have to burn it all down.
Thank you Senator, but the President and Speaker Ryan are friends only for the rich, they don't look after my fam interest
Good for you Sen Graham. If it isn't correct, then fix it and don't stop until it's done correctly.
I do agree with you this time
Ds are giving him as much support as Rs gave the last real president we had. #Resistance #trumprussia #ImpeachTrump
You & ur Repub peers have had 8 YEARS. Don't tell us you don't have a plan. Unacceptable. #DoNothingCongress
Work toward a good solid fix please.
Appreciate your work on the committees relative to issues with the election & other matters.
I am one that believes you do care. Please fix the health care bill so that care is not cut off. Yes the $ saved lives!
Dems might not lift finger per hostile treatment ACA endured for years. Reps tout total repeal. Neither approach is correct
ACA is a foundation- improve it. Cover all. Fraudulently inflated fake cost of care and deals with insurers IS THE issue.
Please fix it Sen. G.  It would cause too much pain if it collapsed!  Please.  We are relying on you.
You think all of us forget the histroy of Obamacare and how it came to be and how people were brainwashed into repeal
then you should be ashamed of yourself
that's still better than ol Mitch declaring "Obama on everything". So maybe shut up. seriously.
repubs wouldnt help obama fix it or did you forget?
you don't have to colapse or let it implode!Work with democrats and fix what is wrong! Don't you think that is a good idea?
Won't you all Dems and GOP compromise.
not a good feeling, is it???
dems will b as helpful as republicans were 2 Obama.McConnell's vow 2 do everything to hv 1 term Pres.tables now turned
Perhaps if you'd used the 8 YEARS to come up with an even REMOTELY acceptable/viable alternative, you'd get more sympathy.
if ACA fails you own it, pass Trumpcare you own it, Rs are in charge now, fix the ACA and be an American hero
@AlexPappas @alweaver22 why in the hell would they lift a finger for a guy who has made 0 effort to reach out to them?
y'know I want to like you Lindsey but then you say crap like this and it's hard.
turnabout?
if only republicans controlled both houses of congress and the presidency.
@SenSchumer Time for you all to reach across the aisle & work together. Enough obstructionism!!  That is all we've had!!
Why should the Dems help Drumpf? Should the Dems help Trump's GOP gut the country? Should the Dems help hurt Americans?
How many fingers did the Republicans lift to help President Obama? #notasinglefinger
Again, your party has the power so let the thing collapse and we will see the GOP in 2018
Do you blame them?  I think they are showing amazing restraint we should have a general strike and impeachment by now.
how many fingers did you lift to help the last administration?
the collapse part sounds like it will be great for Americans.
@AlexPappas @alweaver22 hell yes ..put everything you want in one bill and let the democrats filabuster it to death! Tried
and the democrats should not lift a finger to promote a bill that screws the poor and older citizens.  Get real cut the BS
because republicans didn't lift a finger to help Pres Obama. What did McConnell say about making Obama a one term President
The Republican had 7 years to help Dems. repair  the ACA. They tried to repeal 50 times-
How about you get rid of the MASSIVE corporate and tax welfare the GOP gives to the rich? Where are those Christian values?
you did the same to Dems...Karma
Please read Dana Milbank in today's WP.  It is not collapsing on it's own but with lots of help
The GOP deserves the same kind of help they gave Obama- none at all!
That is unconscionable.  Shame on you for letting people that depend on healthcare be a pawn in your politics.
Then the GOP ownes kicking 24 million people off of health insurance. Why don't you just fix the problems?
Collapse and fix? Is that what you would do to the economy during the next downturn? Same ole GOP
republicans have never wanted to fix Obamacare-they had several years to do so but only wanted to close it down
Cut the crap, Graham! If you guys had lifted a finger to fix Obamacare, we wouldn't be in this mess to begin with!!
He is still a Republicon
Happy to cooperate! My Colapse and Replace plan is let everybody buy into Medicare. Healthcare is a right not a luxury.
did GOP help when dems proposed ACA?  You're as bat-sh*t crazy as Donnie. Ask Vladimir to help you, like Donald did. Sad
Kind of like you guys not lifting a finger for Obama and wishing him failure?
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr This is the best idea I've heard. Dems says millions lose under new plan let them own it
Why didn't you and other GOP work with President Obama improving ACA? Why are Dems now the villain?
failing 2 expand Medicaid led to this ppl are not stupid. Advocating 4 millions 2 lose coverage via failure is disgraceful
How many republicans "helped" President Obama?
I respect you, sir but that would only hurt ALL Americans including my special needs children. Try harder,  please!
You would let the healthcare system collapse, and watch millions of people suffer just to prove a point?! 
why not find Dems to work with to make the ACA better.  Don't make my coverage cost  even more.
@AlexPappas @alweaver22 @dcexaminer it took 8 years to come up with ?
Let it fail and in the meantime, what? I pay for my ACA.  You want me to lose that ability.  Craven.
Like Republicans helped Pres. Obama?  Don't pander to the lowest base, please!!
Then please do something to fix the ACA! Please look for a practical solution instead of a partisan, ideological one.
so keep Obamacare, got it. Glad u all spent last 8 yrs suckering ur base into thinking ACA was the end of days
Senator Graham why should they? GOP can implode on its own. Best route out and up is Single Payer. GOP is screwed. SNS.
come on Lindsey?  I'm considering you for my fav republican. Be honest how much help did u give obama?
it would be more honest and pretty much what you are doing. Do you think affordable healthcare is a right?
Because you guys were all so helpful when President Obama tried to do some good things for our country. Russia and taxes!!!
I'm sorry. Didn't you all do that for 8 yrs to Obama so now you should understanding how frustrating it is.
why should we? The Republicans sat on their asses for 8 years screaming about the Muslim Kenyan Wizard from Hawaii
For 8 years Dems asked for help in fixing the ACA. Now you hypocrites want help? Please
Nonsense/Incompetence!! Knowingly and intentionally Hurt millions of people to make a point? You folks had had 8 yrs to fix
So what you are saying is that you hope people suffer so you can get your way? Wow! #resist #sctweets @indivisible_sc
Not his "way." Reelected. (We see dead people.)
Um, you do nothing to help Pres Trump either.
#obamacare is not perfect, but what @SpeakerRyan is offering is far worse, and you know it. Do the right thing!
Except the Dems aren't your problem right now. You can't even get your own party to agree.
A good solid fix of ACA will bring Dem.'s in. Scrap repeal and promote fix.
Would'a-Could'a-Should'a ... Either you is or you ain't gonna vote with the Democrats.
Come on Lindsey, the Republicans didn't lift a finger to help Obama either.  Let us know if you come with a good solid fix
why don't YOU try to form a bipartisan committee to fix this thing?
Dems would help but they're being shut out of everything, lest you forget, Senator.
no. Democrats are not going to lift a finger to help Trump. But perhaps they would work with you. Fix the ACA
Dems passed #ACA #GOP can't pass #Ryancare because it's bad.  Not because of dems.  #DoYourJob or #RepealAndReplaceyou
And Rs set such a fine example of constructively engaging with Ds over ACA these past 7 years.  Unfathomable.
vividly remember all the help you gave Obama.
1st, it's ACA. Second, Repubs were 'fixing' this for 6 years. Should be in better shape.
for shame. You cannot even get support within your own party! American lives should not be a partisan issue!
oh the hypocrisy
The amount of disdain you have for your own voters is impressive!  You openly hate them on Twitter and get reelected.
IMPEACH PLEASE
This is absurd. It's not Dems blocking it's your party that's blowing this. I can't believe you're actually doing this.
I agree they will have to be involved in improving itcurrent House AHCA should be buried with the rest of the garbage!
After 8 years of GOP obstruction & greed of 1%? Um, yeah. Dems are tired of bailing you out, so go for it! #ObamaShrugged
Yes, let the people die.
You are showing cruel disregard for people in need. Collapse = harm to humans.
you damn sure aren't doing anything to help! Change parties and be an official dem instead of a snake posing as rep.
From what I see, neither are some R's...
Why should they?
I know the GOP really just wants collapse, no replace. They don't care about affordable healthcare coverage.
that is an callous statement from a career politician. Retire and let people who want to improve healthcare take your spot.
Disappointing. You should be ibvestigating traitor Trump, not helping him.
help him why? Did republicans help Obama?! Why not force insurers to stay in the market and set caps to premiums.
Aww. Republicans can dish it, but not take it, huh? Who are the "special snowflakes" now, Senator?
.@LindseyGrahamSC Dear, human skid mark, “Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers... freely ye have received, freely give.” #healthcare #hypocrisy
