Graham your statement let it implode it will be Dems fault. no indeed.  Republicans fault with Rubio's bill in 2016
You let your state down @LindseyGrahamSC and we will never forget it. Shame on you.
And @SenatorTimScott
Sen. McCain was giving winks and thumbs down to the Dems on his vote.  Didnt tell anyone on the GOP side.  McCain is a political jerk.
Now Only One Maverick left .@ John Mccan
There is nothing you can say that justifies your vote. NOTHING
What happened to the moral compass that you pretend to have?
Your buddy John McCain is a Democrat and will vote accordingly!! So you guys are wasting your time pissing up a rope!!#SkinnyBillDead
The Senate what a collection of blowhards,do nothing guys...a worthless group....all critics and nothing else
RHINO, Swamp Dwellers, all 3. Demand th/Congress be on the same Health Care Plan as the American people  then we'll see some bipartisanship!
Yes, because success in Washington is measured by how many meetings you attend.
@SenRonJohnson @SenJohnMcCain -PLEASE stop the rhetoric! Don't call this a disaster,a fraud,and then vote for it. Serve the PEOPLE. Vote NO!
Thank you Senator McCain for voting. For the American people! Senators Johnson and Graham, we want action 4 the people, not a lot of hot air
Good luck getting re-elected #liarliar
I'm confused about Lindsey Graham telling media skinny repeal was a fraud and then LG voting for it. How does that work?
Why didn't you vote no after coming out against it beforehand?
GOOD I HOPE THAT YOU ARE A NO VOTE! 16 MILLION PEOPLE WILL LOSE HEALTHCARE! MY DAD IS SICK. MY HUSBAND IS SICK, MY SON IS SICK DONTKILL THEM
Yeah, that didn't happen.
You should have voted no.
Mr Graham u may not want to believe it but if u guys don't get rid of Mich McConnell Republicans dems will never get together.
You and other Republicans need to get the Senate moving or majorities could be maintained but with new faces willing to move the agenda

Senator, you KNEW what a terrible bill this skinny repeal was and you voted YES, anyway?!  Shame on you, for that.
Why did you vote for the skinny repeal if you were against it @LindseyGrahamSC?
@TGowdySC #TGowdyForSenate2020
WHATEVER HAPPENED TO ROOT AND BRANCH? LIES LIES LIES! YOU DONE MESSED UP! WE THE PEOPLE WILL NOT STAND BU QUIETLY & WATCH YOU RUIN USA!
I applaud your standing up to Twitler about Sessions and Mueller, but you have to do what's right for your constituents regarding healthcare
thx 4 your common sense on this
how do touch denounce the Prez and then vote yes on Skinny ACA?
GOP is DEAD you will never get my or my family's vote again, you crooked fake republicans have been exposed
Lindsey STOP youre all pure garbage Dem n Rep AntiAmericans
Very disappointed in UR buddy @SenJohnMcCain People R suffering under ACA, both D & R's. His hatred of Trump has stopped opp for improvement
Help me understand why you would vote for a bill you called a "fraud" and "disaster". Stop terrorizing Americans!
RINO

..Begging SC: Please get rid of @LindseyGrahamSC !
How in the holy hell did you vote yes on that shitty bill?
You do all this and still vote yes.... ?! You completely have lost my respect.
DON'T DO THIS BECAUSE THIS IS WHAT DONALD TRUMP PROMISED IN THE CAMPAIGN HE DON'T CARE
People will not get the care they need, do the right thing, don't do this 16 million people, come on
Donald Trump talking about this is great healthcare are you kidding me, we are living in a nightmare
Are you kidding me they are putting that much for a wall that's not going to work, but you want to gut Medicaid
Please please please vote no
Go with you gut feelings, you said this is a disaster bill, a fraud!! Vote no, why would you vote on a disaster?
You should vote no there is no guarantee for a conference in the house of Representatives this bill is going to become law!!
You need to stop complaining about how bad a bill is and get busy and start writing a bill that is agreeable to more people. This is a start
Vote no
@LindseyGrahamSC... Trump's Yes Man. I'm so tired of hearing u criticize @realDonaldTrump, only to rubber stamp his picks/ideas/ kookiness
The ONLY reason to vote yes to this mess is to appease Mitch McConnell/Donald Trump.  Please consider your constituents instead.  Vote no.
Glad to hear you and @SenJohnMcCain have so many #ACA ideas...where have they been for the last 5 months? You are as bad as the Dems
Doing nothing but obstruct, promise the world to get the nomination for President and have NOTHING to bring to the table when it counts.
You two are the reason we need term limits. You need to rejoin the working REAL world and see how bad you are making it for Americans.
Had you gotten the nomination for president, I would have had to vote democrat for the first time in my life

AARP will inform our 38M members how each & every Senator votes on this bill via ads, our print publications, social media & more. #VoteNo
Don't pass this awful bill!!
DON'T PASS IT! DON'T TRUST RYAN or McCONNELL!
Please vote no on skinny repeal
..bad bills from passing.
..bill to pass. Without debating the ACTUAL BILL you're trying to pass, you've taken the safe guards out of government process to stop..
Please don't vote for it. Everyone in SC is watching how you vote.
If you don't have an ACTUAL BILL to vote on that you & rest of the Republican Party can stand behind, youre allowing a *potentially* bad..
YOU PRETENDED TO CARE ABOUT AMERICANS AND THIS BILL- SHAME ON YOU! WE WILL NEVER FORGET!
Voting "yes" in favor of a conference to discuss the skinny bill is the same thing as voting "yes" to this 'fraud' of a bill (quoting you) -
You now own the skinny repeal.  Conference falls apart, the bill you call a "disaster" will become #LindseyCare.
NO'!!!!!!!!!!  Please do not vote for this!
For all his bluster, Graham's supposed opposition to this was as empty as McCain's little sunset speech. He'll fall in line & just vote yes.
Please vote NO! The #SkinnyBill is a disaster!! Save our country, please!!
Reason congress has a 12% approval rating. They don't listen to experts - @AmerMedicalAssn , @ahahospitals , @AARPadvocates @RNAction
Just say NO
Are you listening to any of this @LindseyGrahamSC ? If you take away #healthcare the #GOP is finished!
It is a joke. There will be no conference and you know it. Do not chicken out. Vote NO!
Stop trying to kill us with your horrible #wealthcare "skinny repeal". Sneaky Republican's calling themselves Christians while we die.
You know that Ryan will have this passed by the House sooner than you can say 'Ayn Rand'. You can stop it or you can cave.
VOTE NO from Charleston, SC Constituent
Are you going to do anything about William Browder testifying today. That is big news about how the Democrats have colluded with Russia
Vote No or You Will Go
You have no math skills, well - or you don't care
R u kidding me?? U r going to vote for a bill that is awful and a fraud... and gambling w/people's lives??!!  U need to go!
You know it is wrong to vote yes-on a bill you admit should never become law.  You are playing chicken with MY life and it is reprehensible
How is this a democratic process? You can't vote for this. Grow up and represent your state. I mean, insurance companies hate this bill.
How can you live with yourself if vote for skinny bullshit? You know it's bad policy. The Koch bros must have your balls in their purse.
Just add a small tax increase for the rich in the skinny bill. You are guaranteed to go to conference.
You vote for this and you are literally killing me and thousands of others
85% of Americans hate how you are handling healthcare.  Stop!! And go to regular order. You will be gone if you pass this
Tonight the Republicans are gambling with the lives of the American People hiding behind the illusion LETS MAKE A DEAL don't cramp out 2017
You already own Obama care republicans control the house the senate and the White House!  Repeal, replace or repair!
And if you can't fix the problem just what good are you??? Objections are easy - kowtowing to Progressives obviously is too. @SenateGOP
Dear Senator Graham: did it slip your mind how the Senate works? If you don't want a bill to pass & become law, you don't vote for it! Easy!
Please please vote NO.  This is a disaster and not discussed or thought out.
You know you're going to vote for whatever bill, skinny or fat, repubs put up. You're not fooling anyone. Pathetic. #VeteransAgainstTrump
Vote no on this deathbill
If you don't want this to become law, don't vote for it. Simple. 16 million people are counting on you to do the right thing.
You had 7 years to get a healthcare plan together...what is the problem??
Go ahead and vote Yes. Obamacare has already screwed us over, what's a little more KY going to hurt
Why dont Lindsey Graham & McCain team up for a 2020 run! As a democrat, you have my vote. Promise!
My husband lost his job & we lost health insurance-which could happen to anyone. Same week I was diagnosed w/cancer. ACA saved me. Vote No!
No skinny repeal we want a full repeal!!!!!
House won't cover your asses. They'll pass that horrendous "bill and Americans will lose their healthcare. You own that if you vote yes.
You ever get tired of pretending to be a conservative?
I assume you will not vote for a bill that you characterize as "half-assed", "terrible" and "horrible".... Right, Senator?
Please, This is very serious & PRyan can not b trusted. #KillTheBill  You said it yourself that it was a disaster. @SenJohnMcCain
You sound like Pontius Pilate reincarnated. I'm trying to give you the benefit of the doubt. What about the people you represent? 
Stop acting like you care. You will vote for it and it will become law in the House soon if not tomorrow. It's on you when that happens.
Cowardly position: A fraud but you'll vote FOR it as long as they 'promise' to rip it up? Sounds like you want them to bail you out. Man up!
Honestly Sir, I think ya'll are simply amending an existing law, much like you would amend (fix) any legislation. Reach across the aisle.
Traitor
Why r u threatening to vote no on hc? U don't WANT 2 repeal ocare? U don't care abt yr voters.
This isnt a new diet fad... Its healthcare for Americans!!
Lindsey vote the way SC feels, something you have not done in a very long time!
How about a straight repeal you crook! We don't need govt controlling healthcare
You and your ilk make all of us physically ill.
You campaigned, as did your other lifers, on repeal. 
Do it. Or we will vote you to bye-bye
The Republicans in the senate are my political enemy's.  Any republican that is not on board With Trump must go.

The primaries are coming
When are u and all your colleagues going to get agreement on healthcare? Doing nothing is NOT acceptable. Work together!
No version of repeal is acceptable. This #TrojanHorse bill is no exception. VOTE "NO" ON #OBAMACARE REPEAL.
thank you for not helping Mitch McConnell take away the health care from Americans and replace with inferior versions.
Announcing that you are terrified of Trump so will vote Yes for a bill that you call a "fraud - a disaster"! What a coward.
We all know skinny will lead to crazy high premiums. Even the wealthy will feel it. You fools insisted on opening this can of worms.
WhyCan't @GOP come up w/an alternative4the 19 NonACA states?Why can'tGOP states create/manage StateExchanges thatACA allows
Wow. What a coward. Vote NO. See, it's easy. Try doing what's right instead of what's politically motivated. Sad & ridiculous. #GrowAPair
This is who you have in the White House.
Perhaps you and the rest of the anal sphincter, never trump GOP(?) pals should start some "holy hell" on the corrupt  DEMS NOT the POTUS!
Stay sane Sen. Graham. Please get rid of Mr. Trump he is insane.
How skinny is it Senator?
PLEASE VOTE NO! And then sit down with your Dem colleagues and hammer it out the right way!
don't do this vote tonight it's a fraud bill as you said get it right first impeachment is coming you don't need this win
Lindsey, it is not you and George Soro that talk about end of Trump Presidency. We, the people, shall guarantee to have him for 8 years
.@LindseyGrahamSC do NOT vote for this! Why would you EVER vote for something to pass, just to rely on the House to vote no?
Watched the presser, like you said, it's like pornography! You'll know it when Ryan bends you over!
SKINNY REPEAL'S SABOTAGE. IF REPUBS HADN'T SABOTAGED ACA, ACA'D BE RUNNING SMOOTH & EASY ON THE BIG ROAD.  SKINNY REPEAL'S FOR COWARDS.
This whole administration has done nothing but lie. If you believe that conference will work, you are prob a sucker. #KillTheBill
Lying cowards. You know the house will pass it.
Dont get between Lindsey and a camera, u might not survive
We'll vote for it if you promise not to pass it!!!!!!  Seriously???  How about voting NO you fools! Only 17% of the U.S. is with you fools!
Please vote no! This bill still results in 16 million FEWER people insured! AND higher premiums!! This is BAD for Americans!
You watch these clowns......they're against it but they will vote 2 pass it! They should all B voted out...Need some young blood who care
Vote No please! This is a disaster and even the insurance companies say that!!! Please vote NO!
If you vote yes on something that you feel is a fraud, you will forever be thought of as a disgrace to this country.
American people need access to buy health insurance now all closed. Get busy. Its a disgrace
My ? Is to @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi & crew & #rinos. What coverage do you have? Don't think you are so worried about us. Only your politics
I'm a GA Independent & you & @SenJohnMcCain almost make want to go Republican...almost. Thanks for being the adults in the room.
Vote no! Don't count on Ryan!
you and John said all that needed to be said.
Please, Senator, vote no.  My children depend on this.  I live in SC and count on you to be my voice.  Think of us and not your party.
I can ususally predict Chuck Schumer and you will obstruct any progress by Repbulicans.
More yada yada from the justus blow hards and no results as always
Do not vote for a "fraud" ....learn from the 2016 election!! Ryan will screw you over and so will potus!
Sen Graham, if you don't like the Bill, then CREATE and Pass and Amendment to FIX IT.
7 F****EN YEARS you've had to GET THIS DONE!
NOW DO IT
My gov doesn't like his citizens (Christie); states need clear directives that help ppl
VOTE NO! DO NOT TRUST RYAN!!!!!!!!!
Senator Graham: the House wants to pass this as is! Don't fall for it!
You need to return to order. Quit listening to McConnell. He broke the Senate. You are supposed to work together like adults. #SaveOurCare
We need a stronger dose of Drano to drain the swamp (Senate) and get Graham, McCain, Johnson and others replaced in 2018 
JUST SAY NO. Voting yes as long as you're assured it won't become law is just stupid. #SaveACA
Maybe involve women?!
http://A.total  lack of courage and empathy among Senate GOP.
I hope that's no vote.
Does this mean you will put Your healthcare on the line. The same line that all those your vote will impact? If not you are hypocrite.
Instead of grandstanding,  vote no if you don't want the current version of bill to become law.
Regular order, hold hearings , debate and work in a bipartisan way. Please!
Vote No and start over.. do it right. "COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY"
So...it's a fraud and evil, but you'll vote for it anyway? The apocalypse must be here, because this MAKES NO SENSE.
May God bless you, @SenRonJohnson, @SenJohnMcCain & @BillCassidy for NOT letting the chips fall where they may. Thank you so very much!

@SenJohnMcCain Thank you for your honesty & leaderships. But if you know it is a fraud... Why vote Yes? 
Just Vote No; then work with Dems. Take your time & get it right.
Quit grand standing about repeal and replace and get something done. Represent the people, not your croonies!
Coward.  We will remember this.
Your press conference was laughable, because you spent most of it laughing...
Just vote no
"Skinny"? You're resorting to body shaming #OrangeMan now?
Please vote no, Senator. Don't just call the skinny bill a fraud and a disaster at a press conf and hope for assurance. Work with Dems.
Listening to your comments and I agree completely. Thank you.
History has it's eyes on you
Vote a firm NO. You have people's lives in your hands.
Graham for President in 2020
You mean the repeal that you and @SenJohnMcCain will vote in favor of because your friend the president wants you to?
Republicans lie so much. I thought a gay Republican would perhaps not lie so much.  I guess Lindsey proved me wrong. Pitiful, just pitiful.
VOTE NO.  Country over party, Lindsey.  Please please do not let your country down.  America First applies here.
Fix the ACA.  Fix the ACA.  Fix the ACA.  Rinse and repeat.
Don't vote for it!
