Ok how many fainted when Sen Graham said this???
He was all a flutter.. " my president" Little Lindsey acted like a supportive GOP senator.. any one recognize him??? #MAGA
You got it!
All he does is support war
It's not that simple
Right.  He supports wars and opium production.
HUH??? I don't get your reply 
He has something up his sleeve, doesn't he?
http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-41005868 … Yes.... Trump has visions of more money :Pay to the Order of Trump Organization before #ImpeachTrump
Funny how Michelle Obama was always covered just fine, wasn't she!  Hmmmm.... lindsay Graham is not to b e trusted!
What does Michelle Obama have to do with Trump's LACK OF EFFORT in the job of President?
Funny how you forget what took place the past 8 years! . Short memory!
This is what you are forgetting. Trump told supporters to victimize the mother of a woman killed by a NAZI.
 brainwashed by fake news!
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2017/08/21/secret-service-cant-pay-agents-because-trumps-frequent-travel-large-family/529075001/ …  Yes, you are very brainwashed by #FakeNews you must watch .@foxandfriends a lot.
The bar is low. He went one day without insulting huge swaths of the country by reading a speech. Tomorrow he's doing Skinhead rally again.
Agree!! DJT can only go by script for 1-3 days then he goes bananas on twitter or makes ridiculous speech right after to erase the good one
He means well!

Your opinion.
You will see. Keep watching
I intend to!  You'll see too. 
What has he done to make you proud?
Look who is finally become a man 
with you and now TRump swimming in the swamp i guarantee we lose the 2020 election if not more. liars all of you and i hate paying ins. 4 u
Afraid trump is going to out you? U r not proud of him, u r scared. U r better than this
Wow, you're proud of "your president"? Good to know heading into next election
And another one bites the dust..dropping like flies. I hate t/i love/proud/giggle giggle/my president.
About time you stand with POTUS om something.   First time for everything
I am glad he is your President because he isn't mine.
You had better rethink "proud of our president"- he doesn't want to be president. He is ignorant and a "loser."-Sad-
Shocking how you will debase yourself.  Party over country.
Invece dovrebbe vergognarsi...lei andrà diritto all'Inferno,non c'è altro luogo dove la sua anima,la sua energia potranno rimanere in eterno
The was shocked!!
Oh
Wouldnt it drive the dems crazy if you guys passed tax cut and repealed obama care. Their hair would be o. Fire they love u guys fighting
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC if you work out and limber up you'll be able to bend over even further! #trumpsbitch
lindsay grahm is only proud when it suits him, he's corrupt as all get-up, and if you're so proud, help him get his people in
Don't soften up toward Trump.   He cannot ever mend the amount of damage he has done to our country.
Graham is a disgrace to this country and the uniform he once wore. What is in your closet Sir!!
What about the personal business deals Trump & family are making with India? Conflict of interest!
Having been a traitor can he be trusted.
One time I agree with Lindsey.
Mr Graham ...; you are a stall worth politician so I reserve my applaud of you and your words..
But you better be there when the rubber meets the road or I will do all i can to vote you out of office.... we are fed up!
.... ask yourself when the last time a candidate drew 30K+ to any given rally ... do not take us lightly
All of you are riding his coat tails... and more importantly WE all know it!
Just riding coat tails.  Time to hang up the spurs.
Puke
Proud???? The mans an idiot!!!!!
Why does media consult Lindsey Graham on military combat matters?He was a lawyer with JAG, not a combat officer. You could call him a JAGoff
So, are you're sons and Trumps' sons and in laws signing up soon?
Will the REAL Lindsey Graham please STAND UP!!!
I guess he is confident China will keep the money flowing so we can unsuccessfully police the world. Any plans to reduce debt doctor Graham?
RUN RUN RUN.No way in L this pair would EVER agree to back anything TRUMP. I tell you true THEY are up to no good. One day after BANNON left
How dare you only support the president when he does your bidding! You need to retire. You are the establishment!  #dts
Disgusting!! Can't wait till your time is over for good. Loathsome!!
Are you proud of your President's "performance" in Phoenix?
YES we are proud of everything OUR PRESIDENT DOES HE ISN'T LIKE PAST PREZ THAT TRIED DESTROY AMERICA
After last night's tantrum, are you still proud? Wake the heck up! Get a spine! #ImpeachTrump #TrumpResign
We will always be proud of our AMERICAN PRESIDENT

The Senate is holding up confirmations! Get to work asap
Actually they can't confirm nominations that the president hasn't made. He is too busy on Twitter. Check your facts.
Really?
Flip flop Graham! What plan? Sending 4,000 troops in to do what 30,000 couldn't! In 10 fucking years! What plan? How much did he pay you?
Feeling the heat Lindsey? However, to late! You have already shown that your audio and video doesn't match!
You are too quick to kiss POTUS and then regrets next week Please learn Reagan says "Trust but verify then praise"
Proud of your president? Pass the bread, here comes the bologna...
Are you proud of your President after his disastrous performance in AZ? He   Showed his true colors last night and it is scary. Amendment 25
omg
Just make sure to draft all the nazies and send them. They seem to want to
How proud are you now of your President, Senator Graham?
You should respect @POTUS ALL the time! It helps bring unity to our country
Good, hopefully your pride will hire you in 2020. Stop being a GOP tool. We are tired of you hoping Trump will carry the GOP. $$ is all
About time for you to say that!
Gee, was there an eclipse or something to cause this change?
what about this though?
Awww...it sounds like some GOP Rinos have learned they have to change their tune.
Get rid of them anyway
@LindseyGrahamSC must not have watched that bizarre unhinged speech tonight.
Still proud?  Smh.
Who switched him out with a better version
Wtf...you are proud of your racist  President...?
AND THIS IS SUPPOSED TO DO WHAT FOR US?  MAKE US FEEL BETTER THAT THIS WEIRD LITTLE MAN IS PLEASED? HUH @FoxNews
Oh dear God!
Wait what?? He said he was proud of his president?? Picking myself up off the floor right now..
So ...are you proud of him NOW? Just said Arpaio "got convicted for doing his job!" & promised he would pardon him! Just said he would.....
shut down the Federal Government & blame it on @TheDemocrats if they do NOT vote to pay for stupid f'ing wall!!!
So @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain are u gonna vote to spend billions on a stupid f'ing wall? Trump said he....
"WILL SHUT DOWN FEDERAL GOV'T" if Congress & @TheDemocrats do NOT vote to pay for the damn thing! We might as well just flush cash!!!
I don't know if I should believe this or not @FoxNews... possible fake news?? or did he actually say this!?

send more boys to die or be maimed
Too little... too late Lindsey Boy. Guess what? Kiss our Ballz.
Americans really don't care what Lindsey Graham, McCain, Ryan, Romney or McConnell like, think or want. It's #AmericaFirst! @realDonaldTrump
Insane Never ending war$ based on bu$h lie$ for Profit$ & Killing for isLIErael
What I love about your tweet tho is seeing you publicly treat Donald Trump like the egocentric 6 year old manchild he really is <3
And Lindsey Graham is a lousy sounding Trump yes man who has  no ambition so he sits a criticises everyone.
What precisely are you lauding? The vagueness? u-turning? coming within a mile of admitting he is clueless? staying close to script?
And, what WAS his plan, exactly, because he didn't seem to have one!
Pls say that again @LindseyGrahamSC  because still I can't believe my ears..

Tell your story walkin' Lindsay .
Graham is gung ho for funding #war & now praises #Trump but for everything else he attacks @Potus. Establishment Winning USA Losing #MAGA

Well then get your cronies in line for our PRESIDENT
Make up your damn mind @LindseyGrahamSC one day your pleased with @POTUS next day you hate him
We all r Lindsey. Glad ur finally on board. #slow
Omg I think the bar just fell into a bottomless pit. #partyovercountry?  #sad #sick #badpeople
He needs to get all in for @POTUS cherry pick things that is not moving the job, taxes and fight harder repeal  replace! Retired pay, copays
Ok good Lindsey , now get obama care appealed and let's get tax cuts passed
LMAO
Pepto Bismo? Imodium? Dramamine, Emetrol?  Err..err...errrrrlll... errrrrlll!
C'mon Lindsay. Pick a side stick with it. You're making me dizzy.#flipflop
.... Hi-Ball Lindsey Graham?
We could have done countdown on ur flip again @LindseyGrahamSC . From now on when Trump fucks up,just keep quiet.We r sick of ur BS
@LindseyGrahamSC   What plan? There was no plan laid out?  What exactly are you proud of?
SO, why do you stab him in the back every chance you get?
Hope this is sincere Lindsey Graham.
Hey, where's that 30-day ISIS plan? We've been waiting on it for months.
The new plan looks a lot like the old plan. You know the old plan? The one Trump whinged about daily.
Lindsey Graham a self-professed Never-Trumper is now a Hobo on the Trump train?
Lindseywas always a War monger. And to think he was on our side.
What a clown. The only time this fairy ever supports "his" President is when it has to do with war.

Flip flop flip flop flip flop ..... I wish....goes Mr Graham..
Thank you for supporting our President!  Please continue to!
And another guy supporting nazi comes forward. This one's name is Lindsey Graham.
Neocon snake slither thru the WH.
Finally
Are you drunk? I have been proud of him since he was elected; to bad you haven't been!
Proud of a racist leader.  Hmmm....i'll remember that at the ballot box.  You are complicit!
New?
Put the hood back on, you are all #Republiklans from now on.

You can't have it both ways, except in room 1101, check the tape....
ITS ABOUT TIME THIS TRAITOR HAS CAME BACK FROM THE DARK SIDE LETS SEE HOW LONG IT LAST!  HE WILL PROBALLY CHANGE AND GO BACK TO THE LEFT
Lindsay, has his Good face on today. And speaking with good side of forked tongue.
NEED TERM LIMITS. VOTE HIM OUT.
Coming from that #Traitor? That means it's a VERY bad idea...
Wife no.4?
Well then you are a damn fool
Sure Lindsey... let's see if you won't turn around and backstab him, delegitimize him, put him under a bad ligh again... it's a cycle though
Who cares? Your feet are on a banana peel sliding out of office. Hooray! SC can & will do better than him.
Graham is as Phony as Trump.
What plan? Did I miss something? All I know is black people are starving and he's bragging about spending more money on nuclear bombs.
The sneaky little weasel wants something.
Nobody loves killing brown people like gay Republicans. War is good for their economy.
New plan?
It's the same Obama policies & strategies that you, Trump & the rest of the GOP condemned!
Are you PROUD of his BIGOTRY now too?
O yes
And here we go. the warmongering @GOP have a boner this morning. nothing like other people dying for profit. amirite @realDonaldTrump ?
Finally!Senator Graham praises POTUS
He needs to support POTUS more often 
His past criticising comments only divide the GOP & this Country!
Lindsey Graham is still a two-faced, conniving, lying a-hole and war monger.  Hope our @POTUS is not dealing with the devil(s) in Congress.
Were it up to Lindsey Graham & John McCain, we'd have thousands more boots on the ground in Syria too, with one hand tied behind their backs
Linds you're just another tool. No I integrity. Typical Republican
US the losser of afghanistan war. 
Russia and iran proxy is there to teach a bloody lesson to US in afghanistan.. 
Lets see in near future.
It was the same strategy under President Obama.  
Very happy to hear you finally supporting our President! Please, keep the support strong and do what you took the oath to do!
Thanks Obama for the plan, and your President still sucks Lindsey.
@TheRickWilson pops another xanax 
Any USA president continue War,or start a new is Hero.
The first time I have heard u say that get on board or get out
I have a great plan, trust me on this. 

Ughh
#OMG @POTUS  must have made the wrong decision if this #RINO likes it almost as bad as having #DavidDuke give a thumbs up 
He should add the qualifier "For now", because we all know he can't wait to join libs again when it suits his buddies in the MSM.
Well you shouldn't be. His message is unclear, undetailed & he has no moral leadership standing in the country or the world #TrumpSpeech
Lindsey u got some brown stuff on your nose
Too late RINO!  We know who u are. Get in line or else.
Lindy Graham is a flip, flopper!  He's got to be out the door next election!He knows he's on the chopping block!Was acting last night is all
LINDSEY I mean. Phones mistake
beginning to realize you have put your cushy position at risk by stabbing the people in the back? Too little, too late.
I'm completely lost on this one. One minute they're against, the next they're for him.
I DONT REMEMBER U @LindseyGrahamSC STANDING UP AGAINST BARRY HUSSEIN, U SHOULD STAND UP + 4 PRES. TRUMP, HES RIGHT & WE R VOTING 4 HIM AGAIN
There is no plan but more blood and treasure and you're complicit in this farce.
Be would be nice to give POTUS full support!
Lindsey, no one knows " this new policy " Big Ly! your o.k. with agreeing with something u don't understand? if so, your as Moronic as djt!
@LindseyGrahamSC I think since you are so anxious to fight that you should personally lead US soldiers into battle.
Blocked this fool. Tired of him crying.
You have Recognized the Traitor while the rest of intelligence are still Blindfolded by bigotry, Hatred and Jealousy!!!???
Ass licking coward
Glad you see @POTUS  strategy of partnering with people who truly want to uplift themselves, their families & nations is the right one.
Thanks for your positive critique of our President's speech. It was most welcome!
Fair weather Lindsey. When he smells the blood of war, he crawls out from under his rock.
@SenJohnMcCain The second McCain and Graham approve of something Trump did, I get concerned.  BUT I think Trump has something up his sleeve.
Sure you R Lindsey, protect the poppy fields -  money in your pocket? You have been paid off by the Clintons too!
@limbaugh @LouDobbs When Lindsey Graham, John McCain & other anti-Trumpers get on board w/ the President, it makes me a little skeptical.
Said the big bad wolf knocking on the hen house door! Save the NICE Lindser u been outed!
DO. NOT. BE. FOOLED. He is a snake in the grass, he hasn't changed just wants war, he needs to go
This week you start off as a republican fool!
He must be up for reelection 
nice try Soros puppet 
#SC #SouthCarolina please fire this twit
Why all of a sudden Graham is sucking up to President Trump? Did he realize he was losing or is he producing a setup for later
Im happy you finally stuck by our president, it should happen more often.
I'm very pleased @LindseyGrahamSC and @realDonaldTrump are seeing eye-to-eye on their foreign policy plan. #SupportPOTUS @VP
It's about damn time!
Lindsey is coming around to Trumps way of thinking. 
Glad that trump is listening to the reasonable, adult experts. This time. One time out of a hundred?
How much were to paid to say this?
Please explain what the new strategy is?
Sounds like Graham has caught on to the fact that he is going down.  Sounds like sucking up to me.
Did you get a detailed copy of a plan that the rest of us missed?
Do you think I am a man now, daddy?
SHAME ON YOU! He's about to go down. So he revs up the war machine and you jump on board? Geez, do any of you have a soul?
Warmongerer! Baby Killer, Traitor!
Did I forget anything?
.@LindseyGrahamSC on new strategy in Afghanistan: "I am very pleased with this plan and I am very proud of my president." 
For the time being
Hey Lindsey want you send your family to go to war?
The BS from them last week up in arm this week proud
HOKY GOOF
So is America very proud of our President
I have a love hate relationship with you Lindsey.  I'm back on the hate page.
Obama's policy which Trump vowed to dump.  How thrilled you must be.
Joke
Well, d'uh! Graham's always been a hawk. That comment doesn't override his criticism of #POTUS, tho.
