Hello Do you know that because of the Saudi Arabia there are two copies of ISIS  in Yemen one of them is Wahhabi and the other is a Shiite.
So keep going and sell them more guns to kill more civilian. Then ask yourself why there is terrorism in the world.
Hey Lindsey, we didn't elect you we elected TRUMP, quit trying to stop the American people,  #DrainTheSwamp
Ur continued criticism of thePresident will get u destroyed n the next primary He has 63 million Americans on his side. Who u think will win
Please stay strong and be our American hero that stops this corruption!!!!
I can't stand to listen to your girly voice!!
What is as horrendous as Russia colliding with trump is you not allowing us to keep our Medicare and Medicare.


just keep talking the taxpayers money, keep bashing trump, your day is coming, loser
Go back under your rock. You lost and your true colors are starting to show(yellow). President Trump supporters do not like being betrayed
Switch parties already


Remember when you asked @realDonaldTrump to help you out with fox and friends...  And you wound up with your cell phone # doxed.  We do.  Ha
Real people don't listen or watch Fox. You must try and appear on other news stations.
I block Trumpsters
I block demorats!
That's democRATS .. 
Swamp-Dweller, I can't listen. You're always mugging for the camera; SC, You've got tohim out of Congress!
WHERE WERE ALL OF U WHEN OBAMA WAS DOING ALL OF HIS NIGHTMARE CRAP TO OUR COUNTRY?THATS WHEN YOU SHOULD HAVE STOOD UP.WE HAVE A GREAT POTUS
Lay off my president. You just lost my vote. Rino
HELP US PLEASE. WE ARE HELPLESS TO THIS PRESIDENT. THIS IS NOT NORMAL. HE IS MENTALLY ILL
YOU ARE THE SWAMP!!
Nope not listening to anything fox...
Instead of trying to protect your fellow swamp monster Mueller you should be demanding his recusal for his obvious conflicts of interest
Fake News
Are you paid by lobbyists? Are you being blackmailed? Are you a dem plant #RINO
There needs to be a term limit in the senate. All these 30 year multi millionaire's working for themselves not the people must go. LG mst go
Sessions may be a good guy 
But he turn his head the other way. 
McCabe he must be removed 
Debbie Schultz .Rice. Lynch investigate
Please put something into place which would not allow trump to fire Mueller!  We have to get to the bottom of Trumps Russia connection!
@TGowdySC #TGowdyForSenate2020
MAKE NO MISTAKE WE STAND VERY STRONG WITH OUR PRESIDENT.ITS ALL OF YOU THAT DRAG OUR NATION DOWN.I THINK MOST OF U R CORRUPT.HE IS NOT.
STOP trying to get a message out through FOX. This network is filled with reprobates like @seanhannity and @TuckerCarlson! CNN/@maddow only
Adios next election Mr Graham
RINO paid by obstructionists!
You sir are one of those rinos a Republican traitor who we will work at putting out of office the next election. Read all the tweets
Graham won't be here after 18. Don't bother listening.
Why aren't you present at the senate healthcare debate?
Graham you are with the wrong party and that will cost you votes next election fake republican
Holy hell to pay, huh? That sounds kinda like you're threatening the President. Does Imran have some of your emails, too?
Please, Lindsey, I believe in YOU! I tried to have good thoughts about Trump. I prayed. Something isn't Right...w trump
No shit, Lindsey. He's a completely unhinged, unqualified hateful con man. Start impeachment immediately before he destroys this country.
Please, LISTEN,unlike Trump,to what the regular poor folks want. Don't Ever Be Bought. Help me. I am scared. Iamnotalone
So,Please Help US! Something is Very WRONG with Trump. I Know,in my heart,u have Known that too.
We should have an independent investigation into Graham and see who paid him off to vote against Trump. Gotta be something, I'm sure a lot!
Try,Sir,for trying to Protect our Democracy! I am a Dem,now my voter info has been splashed over the internet
Welcome to your last session in Congress. You crossed the line and joined the Democrats one time too many. Time to vote you out! #Traitor
... like the start of a "Saturday Night Massacre" but it's plain that's what it is. GOP please act while we still have a democracy 2/2
You need to be voted out of office- don’t worry.. Trump supporters will get you out of your seat!
Dude I think you are part of the swamp and it is time for you to go.
Senator, if he succeeds in bullying the AG into quitting, I hope you'll treat that the same as firing him. He thinks this way won't look 1/2
say "nay" to "Skinny Bill"
We are not going to sit idly by and allow corrupt Comey bff Mueller and Clinton lawyers to setup our President!! @POTUS @jeffsessions
I think you need to be fired for treason against the American people and culling with the Democratic trying to overthrow our government
you need to go. You have never liked Trump. You are joining obstructionist. #PrimaryOut
Congress should fire Mueller.. Look at his staff. He has more reason than Sessions to recluse himself.
Yes, the Russia/GPS Fusion story is a "major" one. The ending needs to be determined.
The way I see it u have a lot of work to do seeing as how u have a total majority. Stop worrying about Mueller being fired & just do ur job
thank you, Senator.
I don't watch Fox "News" it does brain damage .
No you got it wrong it's fake news that causes division in our country and brain damage
Outstanding interview. Thanks for being a voice of sanity Senator!
I care about Health Care , Taxes , Jobs and immigration not Russian Hoaxes . Give back that money you took from Soros too ! Thanks

2. If bill DOES get to conference, it will be merged w House bill making DEEP cuts to Medicaid, which your Sen prob *said* they opposed. 11/
As for Meuller if he is so independant then why is he hiring ex-Cinton hacks ? Yeah your a waste of time and should not be in office
Listen the real crime is the DNC/ Awan / Clinton go use my tax money for that not hoaxes or smokejobs
He can't.. He's too busy being a jealous little Nancy boy
Brian kilmeade is just about the dumbest person I have ever seen on television or heard on radio. Why debase yourself Lindsey?
Please VOTE NO on the skinny bill. It is too rushed and too many millions will be hurt. Your lives are in their hands.
Hey lady.. This is America..
you talk a big game, all bluster.  have yet to see you take any action other than words against this insanity under potus
Sweet Baby Jesus. Actually agreed with 100% of what you said to Manu raju this morning. One of us musta started drinking earlier than usual
Lindsey's a fake, big fat RINO just like fat loca @ananavarro
Thank you for standing up for America.
POTUS is the best thing to happen to this country! You never liked him, so obvious! He's his own man, reason we voted him in! Deal with it.
I do want to thank you for showing a more sane side of the Republican Party.
Just wanted to let you know your spelling is bad it's insane not sane!
The next time you want to Cyberbully someone THINK AGAIN. Reported you to Twitter for Harassment!
The same Brian Kilmeade that accused Sen. Jerry Moran of embarrassing Pres. Trump for demanding 100% REPEAL of OBC for his KS Constituents?
Lindsey Graham you should get some help sir. I have done it and it's not shameful to do so. You see yourself as more important then u r.
Keep up the smoke screen for the Clinton's. Soros will pay you well for it. American people deserve better than you
Maybe you can clear up some of the lies you told this morning on Fox?
FOX is going down. The Murdoch boys are killing Rogers legacy.
The word is fake news all of them are going down it shows in their ratings
Let us hope so. 
R you going to tell us what is in the Skinny Bill? R you going to tell us you will vote NO on the Skinny Bill? Otherwise, not listening.
I appreciate you having the courage to stand up to Trump! 
#BeOurHero !
Mention this:
Pictures I was just sent of Kurdish children asking @realDonaldTrump to protect them from Erdogan

I hope you listen to them, Mr. President 
get off of Fox so we can hear you.
Concierge Medicine, AtlasMD, Dr. Umbehr
Seriously. Nobody cares.
#25thAmendment
