Trump ends the CIA’s covert program of arming anti-Assad rebels in Syria, a move likely to please Russia http://wapo.st/2ubqXXG 
America got exactly what it's not paying for. A russian clown puppet in the WH.

american exceptionalism:  "we own [insert any nation] and it's up to us what happens to it"
no more arming terrorist that killed Syrian people.No more giving them weapons and http://money.You  let Obama get away with this

Are you too blind to see that the King of Debt has used America as collateral for his obligations to Russia?
I'm not sure WTF you guys are thinking in enabling this behavior, but it strikes me as unpatriotic and un-American.
241 years of America's blood is on your hands and the hands of your colleagues who are either too dumb, or too complicit to end this.
Please do something for the sake of America!We aren't  a dictatorship, with criminals who try and pardon themselves, and dismantle democracy
These so called "rebels" are ISIS in disquise. Why should we arm them?
You and McCain would rather give it to Isis light have have Syria continue to be a failed state .
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! No tax cut for the rich is worth this assault on our beloved democracy!
Get your head out of the sand and do something. Trump has sold the USA to Russia and the GOP are turning a blind eye. Answer this: Why?
Trump/RU want to weaken US government & limit voter rights. GOP want weaker government for corporate benefit & limit voting to stay in power
Yes, and Trump needs to lift sanctions b/c Putin owns him. 
The rest - a full tilt redux of WWII Nazism coming around the corner.
Blocked.
Denouncing Trump in words & strenghtening his dirty policies in acts.
People see. People judge.
GOP in the same paths of infamy than Obama.
You can't confirm Tillerson & ilks then denounce the results.
Something deeply wrong with you GOPs.
Senator, if you file articles of impeachment against Trump, you can be the guy who starts the movement among lawmakers that saves America
Kind of like arming IS saved the West?
Y'all know you can STAnD UP to Trump on Russia, his son's treason, and all his lying. you CAN stop this. you DID pass civics, right?
You and your pals fail to see the danger of this crooked president to your party, to our country in his buddy-buddy policy with Russia
Trump never armed IS and left them to slaughter. That was BO.
Russia / US combo re safezones only hope of saving West w/o war.
It's such a betrayal to they Syrains. Trump is a danger to the world
Stand firm with your belief, and don't aid Russia as Trump wants to do. Hold fast against his agenda.
Please Congress-Senate stop putting party over country. There is enough evidence to proceed with impeaching Trump. Enough already!!!!
So what are you and the GOP doing about it? NOTHING AS USUAL.
I'm trying the positive reinforcement towards GOP not saying "nothing burger". Thank you Senator for asking where the sanctions bill is!
WTHWhere are the PATRIOTS ?
@SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorBurr @MarkWarner @SenFeinstein @SenWhitehouse
 @SenateDems @SenateGOP
What rot and rubbish!
Me, too, Sir. Thank you for speaking out.
Trump is a guppy who fancies himself a big fish, but Putin is a true shark who looks at Trump like a ravenous wolf looks at a fattened lamb.

At Putins request! One demand down...many yet to come! Let's see who owns trump!
This is about the Russians not Iran. Stop deflecting what we all know is true!
Never prouder to be a Democrat!
If this doesn't push Mattis over the edge I don't know what will.
Yet you say yes to his every appointee. You are destroying our country.
I do wish the GOP in Congress would stand up to Trump instead of scolding and hand wringing.
When will Republicans wake up and realize that @realDonaldTrump is the biggest threat to the United States? When???
I have not felt this scared since 9/11...hand to God
I understand that feeling but we need to fight it and say strong we can beat this evil still
I respectfully suggest a response that extends further than "I fear". You are quickly becoming a punchline.
Too bad he did not fear massive blunder of arming IS .
Do you intend to do something about it or just whine?
No will You believe Trump's ties to Vladimer Putin and Russian cyber attacking our 2016 election through cyber attacking our voting process?
Be a hero, like your buddy.  Now it's your turn to fight the right fight.  You know how bad this WH is.  We need a hero.  Be it
You have to stop Trump from shifting world power over to the Russian Thug and his own agenda.
Please save us from this authoritarian, soulless, unethical administration. We need more GOP like you and @SenJohnMcCain.
You know...Please act!
If true? Seriously, bro? Do your job and get the Russian plant out of office. Otherwise, don't bother with your hot air. We don't care.
sounds like you're coming around @LindseyGrahamSC  #Countryoverparty
& now POTUS is testing the waters about Mueller's team and pardoning his own family. I will be very disappointed if you remain silent.
Why are you all not speaking out. Why r so few standing up against this so called president?
You can stop the Malovent Orange Clown, but you keep enabling his destructive behavior
When is Congress going to stop Trumps traitor activity he is giving in to Putin at every turn and you are all letting him
You've misspelled Russians. Agree with the consensus here that you will Tweet and carp and snark and then you'll tow Trump's line as ever.

Russia says in talks with U.S. to create cyber security working group: RIA http://reut.rs/2uMP3ts  
We need to tighten #RussiaSanctions NOT help Putin in his efforts to assist the Assad Regime!
So stop Putin's agenda! You know what you have to do
Why weren't you vocal about Obama Adm that broke Constitution/Bill of Rights nearly DAILY? Why don't you change yr party affiliation to DEM?
Well, what the hell are you going to do about it? You know, besides NOT A DAMN THING?
Or ... it could lead to lower profits for Arsenal
if this isnt ASSURANCE of COLLUSION I  KNOW WHAT IS...Our MILITARY deserves better LEADERSHIP. #CountryOverParty 
Stop tweeting and do something about Trump.  Thank you.
how does it feel to know that the President you support is a Russian puppet.
Yet more words. And no action.  Sad how you enable @realDonaldTrump and you know better.
T has no choice, when his boss, Putin, speaks T jumps thru whatever hoops he has to, to meet his blackmail demands from Putin
Vote no on the stupid healthcare bill!
Now you show that unacceptable Putin-apologist Trump and vote for his entire agenda and all his shady nominees!
Also this: https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/888093999122309122 … It's happening @LindseyGrahamSC! We are witnessing the end of democracy, step the fuck up! #ImpeachTrump
It's true.  Straight from the mafia don in our White House
Why because there would be no reason to keep flooding america with "refugees"?

#ActionOverWords #GOPPartyOverCountry #GOPPoliticsOverPeople
#TrumpRussia #RussiaGate #TickTock #WeSeeYou #ComplicitGOP #Midterm18 #GBye2020
Echoing others here, when will Republican Congresspeople stand up to this woefully ignorant "president" and say, "No way?"
So why didn't you find out if it's true before launching a bunch of "If this is true..." tweets?
Looks like Trump is about to fire Mueller, Lindsey.  And you won't do a damn thing about it.
If true, Congress needs to do something. No?
When you going to get it he's working for the Russians not the USA it's time you got Paul Ryan to do something about it
Please...as my Senator...DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!
How has arming rebels worked out in the past? Does Isis or Al Qaeda ring any bells?
The President has dementia. What is the GOP doing about it?
Of course. This was the topic of private  G-20 meeting. P has dirt on T & uses it to his advantage. Sen G. U need to start push for impeach.
So would you prefer we gave it to Saudis instead ? Just asking. Not a big fan of either regime but the one who has financed our foes is SA
Can Congress DO anything??
US has 2 bases in northern Syria and 10 outposts located in the provinces of Aleppo,Hasakah,http://Raqqa.You  whining about nothing.
AND WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT?
Stop the fricken madness then... are you a patriot or an enabler to @POTUS
A simple payoff to Trump's boss. You're not really surprised are you?
When are you enlisting Mr Warmonger?
It will turn Syria over to Putin.
Why do you enable the President? Stand up for the Country, not the GOP.
2whom does Damascus "belong" that it may be "given"?Leave Syria2Syrians.Remove U.S. presence.Take care of home. #nonintervention #America1st
Part of that dinner conversation with Putin no doubt.
убирайтесь со своей демократией к себе домой!что вы делаете в чужой стране?
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT, AND GET YOUR GOP COLLEAGUES ON BOARD.
Hope to see you on the front lines in the war that you're itching for with Iran.
You cannot curtail a fundamentalist Sunni dominated Islamic State without major input from #Iran
An interventionist without any foresight to realize that supporting the war in Iraq allowed Iran to step in to begin with. Educate yourself.
STOP HIM!!!
Another uneducated response by @LindseyGrahamSC, demonizing Iran while supporting the real threat in Saudi Arabia.
Just do the right thing, Senator Graham! Im sure you and your colleagues know what that is!
So do something about it! Or has the GOP totally lost its ability to govern?
Then fucking do something! You know he's colluding with Putin, STILL. If you are country over party, then do something.
From the same man who bitched about Obama releasing Iranian funds owned by them?  This man is a traitor to his country and his countryman.
I understand your fear but seems like it always has turned around and weapons used against us. Hope there is alternative to arming them.
So why are you still in lock step with 45? The longer you follow along, the worse history will define you, senator. Time to be a hero.
And you will do what??? Nada as usual
And you and your friends like @marcorubio will continue to do NOTHING to stop him.  Newsflash: tweeting isn't leading.
If true? Are you blind? What about Trump capitulating to his master Putin is surprising? You're a traitor, you're allowing this.
Putin warned you
Shut up and go to Raqqa or Idlib to fight alongside with AQ against Assad and the evil iranians.
I'm a D and I'm starting to like you. But you have to do more than talk. We need YOU to be a hero and help save our country b4 it's too late
I know that u know we're in trouble with this administration. You're smart and you've been around the block a few times in Wash DC. Help us
If true??? How is it possible that you don't know??
@LindseyGrahamSC  You're US Senator&have it in your power to halt this nightmare.I know impeachment starts in house.But Rs need to speak out
According to our military members that are forced to train these "moderate rebels", they are not rebels, they are ISIS.
@SenJohnMcCain now has cancer >you and he will not be able to spend the $$$ you got from @georgesoros to fight @potus >Karma for you next!
It's true senator. What are u & ur fellow senators going 2do? So far, we have seen u acquiesce 2 everything this administration has done.
How the hell don't you know if it's true or not?  Are we now a dictatorship under the watch of the GOP?
You need to wise up and stop following 45 or you will be shamed with him. Do the right thing!!
What more does the @POTUS potushave to do to get your attention? He and is family has done so much against our Democracy! Country/party #act
Senator, we as your constituents (29461) have been telling you for many, many months that he is in with Putin. Please, do something? #actnow
Would be great if the @GOP controlled Congress had the wherewithal to hold the President responsible
@LindseyGrahamSC Kinda like how US Foreign Policy gave Iraq to Iran? Paid for by US tax payers and US soldiers?
When will the GOP wake up and smell the coffee? Trump doesn't have America's best interests at heart.
#Trump is an idiot, sure. But this is not about #Iran dominating the #MiddleEast
Tired of this fixation with Iran when the real financiers of terrorists are Saudi and other gulf dictators #saudiarabia #gulf #terrorism
Please be more than "deeply concerned". The deep concern of our GOP leaders is meaningless unless backed by action. Please use your spine!
Help me understand how Senate does not know if this is true?
So the question is, Senator, what would a patriot fear more - the destruction Putin is capable of, or possibly losing control of the House?
Mr. Graham! Tell Mr. McCain wishes the best of luck in the treatment of the tumor. In Russia have great respect for this brave soldier of US
Russians r INVITED by Syria to defeat ISIS=Israeli Secret Intelligence Service= Funded by us via Rabbi Dov Zakheim
Number 802 response - Because, this is important - WE need to hold you accountable for the actions of the President. We have suffered enough

Senator Graham, it's nearly time to pressure Congress to invoke Special Powers...We are marching toward a #ConstitutionalCrisis USE yr VOICE
ASSAD REGIME HAS MURDERED MORE THEN DAESH AND A.Q. IN SYRIA.  ASSAD REGIME AND DAESH ARE THE SAME.
..clutches his pearls while fanning himself with his geisha-girl fan...
When are you going to realize he is setting this country up and giving it to Russia
Are you gay?
Yet, you will vote to take away the reliable access to healthcare that millions wouldn't have without the ACA.
Graham says McCain is in good spirits & that his recovery should remind all sens that they have reliable access to h'care when most don't
Take him down Graham. You and McCain are some of the only ones speaking out. Call for #impeachment. You have the power to get it going.
That's because you're a war mongering rhino. You're financing terrorists.
....AND? WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO? YEAH, NOTHING
then get the #GOP behind you and DO SOMETHING about it#
#Partisanship needs 2B set aside! Our democracy is under attack!
#PeopleBeforeParty
#fakenews
Stop talking and take action Lindsey Graham!!  Defend our country from our traitorous president!
You write as if you cared about peace.There are more #WARMONGERS# in the US than in all the other countries combined.
Please do something!

What has the so called covert policy achieved over the years?
Just another commentary w/out follow up?  House GOP dragging their heels on Russian sanctions bill.  Senate GOP ignoring the elephant in
the room.  Senator Graham....what the hell is going on?
In Arab capitals like Saudi Arabia are aressting woman for wearing mini skirts ,do you want that in USA
Well Lindsey, the GOP has done absolutely nothing so far to rein in this #MonsterTrump !  You all better do something before it worsens!
You need to stop that crazy guy. What will it take for congress to stop him? I'm surprised he hasn't replaced the  for that of Russian.SAD
Damascus was already in Tehran's orbit, though.  So, not really "another" capital.
Putin does not want him to...
@washingtonpost Good thing you're tweeting! Whew! That's so much more effective than actually doing something abt Trump. 
Yes, what will GOP do about it? Had enuf of 45's nonsense yet? How about 25th amendment or something. Sheesh.
Please dont let Trump take down our country. The party and our country will be destroyed!
Thank you Senator for your honesty and putting country over party! Keep it up ! Im a democrat but I do respect your character and commitment
You should be treated in a rehab , you always advocate for war , and inequality, and killings , and always get disappointed.
fear?  where is that on the GOP scale?  is it above or below "concern"??
When will you act like a true Republican? No Republican would allow a President to ally with Putin. Country first!
That was a gift to Russia!!!
You are wrong. America has played the "Versailles" game for to long. Let the ME decide their own fate
When you lay with the enemy you capitulate to let them take your soul.
Fear & do nothing.  If u only had days or months to live, would you be so mealymouthed about ALL of this or would you want a better legacy?
Sen., when will you stand up 2 Trump? He's a danger 2 our country. No more statements of "disappointment". Action Senator, country b4 party!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiHyUoIumeQ …
It's time to put COUNTRY over PARTY. Do it for America.
It's time to put country over party, pls do it for America. God Bless America and God Bless Senator John McCain
Don't you agree this is a great gift to putin and assad!
So...let me guess...this "troubles you."
@washingtonpost He's a Russian Spy Mr Graham.  Not overstatement
I am sorry your friend is sick @SenJohnMcCain he is a great man- I am troubled- trump G20 private talk about "adoption" W Putin-now this?
It's true!!!!! Wake up! He's a moron and in with the Russians!!!! What r ur expectations? Snap out of it!
Sen Graham, How are you & your party along w/ Dems go'g to remove Trump from office? He needs to go, you all know it too. Not Pence either!
U made some good points as to why this move by #Potus45 would go against the interests of #USA, so 'if true' what do U plan to do about it?
Better the Iranians than ISIS   but I know DC prefers ISIS.
Lindsey, it's more than that! It's capitulation to Trump's Russian debt. You MUST lead where your fellow GOP falters.
Sending good wishes for your dear friend John.  Please bury Putin in his honor.... 
So be a man and DO something about what you think is wrong!
....aaaaaaand that's the last we'll hear about this from Lindsey Graham....
Sir, you need to take the gloves off. It is time for you to stand up and stop all this chaos in Washington. Please!
@LindseyGrahamSC - Time to step up, finally?
Know you guys are buds. Send you  thoughts. Believe he's true hero, no matter what DT says. Those words shall haunt him- rightfully so.
Please do something about this, Senator.
Go full-blown hero, please?  McCAIN would want it, am I wrong?
when you back a know nothing fool. When will you stop being surprised when he has Putin sitting in the WH?
I guess I wonder how long you'll feel this way. Will (like healthcare) you suddenly shift opinion after a nice lunch at WH?
So STOP this madman from ruining our country!
Sir, what are you going to do about this runaway trainwreck of a leader? The world is watching, gobsmacked at the incompetence! 
Senator, please.  Stand up to him.
I appreciate the stance, and agree with you. But, words absent action, are nothing more than political rhetoric. Country before party. Act!
End this administration
The real question is, when does the GOP open its eyes and impeach this abomination of a Pres.?
Jokes on you. You wanted trumputin you GOT trumputin. 

No sympathy
