And the last person I want to have taking the lead on the defense of the United States is Donald Trump. Now what?
To further my point:
North Korea responds to Trump's "fire & fury" statement: The President fails "to grasp the on-going grave situation" 
@SenatorTimScott @nikkihaley  PrezTrump gets it; DEMS like SUSAN RICE have  had a Clue! Who does she think it is OK to have Nuclear Weapons?
Malfunctioning Bot. #Block #Bye
But you're okay with clueless, uneducated, draft-dodging, lying, uninformed, raging narcissist @realDonaldTrump controlling nukes. Good call
I find it interesting so many people following you are naysayers of our POTUS. What does this say about you, Graham? Become a Democrat?
We are scared.  You should be too. It's not a Democrat or Republican thing.  It's an American thing.
Who armed Kim with nuclear arsenal? Trump isn't so crazy that his own party does not stand behind him. Graham is a RINO alongside McCain.
You want Iran to have that capability before North Korea?
The last person 70percent of americans what to have the nuclear codes is TRUMP
Well, the last person I want to have control of our nuclear weapons is the current POTUS.  He is incompetent and temperamentally unsuited.
@BretBaier #MainStreetUSA @SenatorTimScott @RepTomRice  Please inform SUSAN RICE South Carolina is NOT OK with NOKO having nuclear weapons!
Right. So, let's call Kim out on it and get this matter handled NOW while we can. Quit pussy-footing and support OUR PRESIDENT!!
The president who is undermining his own secretary of state? The person he chose to be in charge of these matters, sure follow the nut job.
Your childish nature, name calling, etc. certainly reduces your appeal. Your only audience is the children here that get off on bullying.
Or our President.  But you will.
Well well linguini spine you will see exactly that happen due to you libtardmod attitude! Very unamerican & anti constitution Lindsey !!
How about nuclear weapons have no place in our world of conflicts!!Naive,yes but not impossible.
And the last person I want to have standing between us and that threat is Donald Trump, as he's proven himself utterly incompetent.
Trump's incompetent and cowardly,most bullies are.
Oh please, Senator. DPNK isn't going to do shit. You need to Impeach n convict Trump NOW. That's the priority. What's it gonna take?
Im not too happy with Putin either but our man/boy seems to be having a bromance with him.
No we dont. Why make such an obvious remark? No one wants nuclear war but you support a nasty president who threatens it with no problem.
The last person I want to have the ability to command a nuclear arsenal is trump. #wwIII
Trump: "Threaten us and I'll nuke you." Kim: "Here's my new threat. Your move, Mr. Trump."  1 million lives at risk.
Lindsey why not have principals of elementary schools announce that & enact Duck & Cover you & I are old enough to remember that! TEMPER IT
Yes,we remember;many younger ppl in our country didn't live in era of bomb shelters,fear,atomic bombs,awful
The last person most Americans want in charge of the nuclear codes here, is donald trump.
Oh my god!!!!r u completely insane?Or just some damn religious nut case
Sen. Graham, you're harping on the wrong man.
Well, it looks like our potus is trying real hard to make that happen. He too is a threat!!
Regardless of what happens the president will lie about it.  So it really doesn't matter. Nothing matters in upside down land.
Just don't let trump into the WH BOMB http://shelter.One  person we don't want to get out of harm's way.
When are the members of the House and Senate going to stand up to this lunatic who wants to unleash a weapon that millions will die from.
The last person we want to handle the NK crisis us the man-child @realDonaldTrump
COR THANK GOD HE DOESNT HAVE LITERAL NUKES! CAN U EVEN IMAGINE WHAT THEY WOULD DO IF THEY ACTUALLY HAVE IT?
Then do something about it! Stop being a Republican and start being an American. #dowhatsright #NorthKorea
...and who is the second to last? Who could it be, hmmm...???? xoxoxo
The last person I want preaching and telling me what is good or bad for this country Is You
The last person we need in the White House to deal with this threat is Donald Trump. #ImpeachTrump
Who's the first person? Your message makes no sense
How are you still in office?
The last this I want is blustery congressmen critical of everything without offering solutions.
Andthe last person we want to be in charge is DonaldTrump
Actually, the very last person I want having nuclear codes is 45...he is truly unstable.
But your cool with Trump making nuclear threats from the golf course and call the WH a dump...#Complicit party over people
Really? I was thinking a washed up reality tv star would be the last person.
Are u intensionally dumbing down or are u always a master of the obvious?
Remember Iraq and WMD? That didn't end well. This will be orders of magnitude worse. Time to deescalate and stop beating the drums of war.
The last person is your Trump
Then why havent u or other Congr members done anything over years 2 ensure NoKo wasn't building nuclear miss.Go back 2 Clinton days 4 mess!
should have thought about that when Clinton gave them the plans,and ability,
Well then, tell the first person in the White House to use diplomacy rather than tactlessness & indiscretion with the North Koreans.
Trump is the last person I want responsible for leading us, because he is handling this like a toddler throwing a tantrum.
Russia Russia Russia.
We don't want trump - please quiet this man
Your POTUS is the one who will get the American homeland destroyed, with or without a nuclear-tipped missile.  You are certifiably sick.
There are people you would like to see do this???!!!
I don't trust Trump to Tell the truth, Make sound decisions regarding war or Conduct diplomacy. We are screwed.
You don't de escalate a crazy person by out crazying him
Ignore what is realistic. What would stability in that region b? Unified Korea trading with US & non-hostile China? What stands in the way?
It seems 2 me long-term solution is 2 first address why China opposes a unified Korea. Resolve this fear in a way not diminishing 2 US.
If China & US r both on same page of a unified Korea the problem becomes much simpler.
Well then tell the President to shut up.
2nd to last is in the White House.
When he's not golfing.
Or tweeting.
Picking fights.
All at taxpayer expense.
Why does @GOP not act?
SAD!
The last person I want in a confrontation like this is Donald Trump!
And the last person we want having the codes...well, need I say more?
The last person I want to have nuclear weapons control of is @realDonaldTrump
But your ok with Trump creating fire and fury?
Who's the first?
The last person I want to have that power is @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow I'm more confident that Kim is bluffing.
Well then get your friends in The House to start the impeachment
Or trump
Who's the first person?

I am surprised u aren't defending the NK dictator. Seems u r against ANYTHING the Prez says or does. We might as well call u Nancy or Chuck.
I suggest you get on board with our POTUS and support him I hate to say it I think the Independent party is for me 2018
That's the way the rest of the world feels about @POTUS!
So why are you so horribly hawkish? Everyone I think you are normal you get weird!!!
I think Ambassador Rice has a better way!  https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/08/10/opinion/susan-rice-trump-north-korea.html?referer=https://www.bing.com/search?q=nyt+susan+rice+north+korea&form=APIPH1&PC=APPL …. @AmbassadorRice
Dear Senator Graham,
Please ask the President to resign.
Thank you!
#USA
Is there a person before him and that it would be okay?
Trump is worse! #gop #trump
And the last person I want defending America is it's current president.
The last person I would like to see w nuclear codes is irrational Trump. The adult baby. Not much of a difference between Un & Trump.
Or the cheeto of the USA!
Then start supporting our President Damn the Democrats are always united and you and @SenJohnMcCain are trying hard to unseat him
The last person I want leading America is trump. Guess we are all f*cked! Eh?
Donald Trump is so mentally unstable.
Ok but please Trump talks like he can just nuke N. Korea and S. Korea won't be harmed. Tell him a nuclear bomb would affect S. Korea too.
I agree. Problem is years in making. Solution can't presume denial to weapon which US had 72 yrs (!!) ago. Soln must be holistic, realistic.
Okay so then we are both in agreement its 25th amendment time, right? Am I right?
Bad enough that the FIRST person that has the capability to strike the American homeland with a nuclear-tipped missile is @realDonaldTrump
i dont see how ur going to stop him if china doesnt help.  you dont want to piss of china.
Lindsey.  . .A war longer, always and forever. You got experience in the guard, how about some combat duty? You first on the ground in NK.
...war monger. . . war lover, always the first to cheer for war. Have you ever seen combat? Oh, only just as a PR visit?
Ditto for Trump, he's just as bad.
Who is the first?
Stop obstructing Our Elected President . Going to cost you . O have alot of family in SC
He and our guy w the nuclearcodes, scary combination .
It is up to you Senator.  Go to the White House, with colleagues, and tell him it is time to go.
He's a blow hard - use diplomacy
Couldn't agree more @LindseyGrahamSC
And the second last is Donald Fucking Trump!!!!!!!'
So you want to start a war with them? Yeah, that makes sense doesn't it? Negotiate!
Senator Graham please push forward on getting rid of Trump. You KNOW he's not fit. So much at stake.
The last person I want with nuclear capability is Donald Trump. Wake up Graham!  Did he offer u a job? U have been sucking up lately!
and who's first?
Ok. We have a psycho leader as well. Good luck world.
and the last person we want in charge of the US nuclear codes is Trump
I don't want anyone lobbing nukes. Much less a last one. And Trump should not have those launch codes.
The last person I want making that decision is Crazy Donald Trump.
Turn trump loose
PLEASE lead congress to take the nuclear football away from Trump.  How can you not see that he is as mentally unstable as Kim Jong Un
Republican Party put into office this time bomb. Thanks you did a great job making America weaker. Wish President Obama was still in office
Really do you think we should go to war with unstable 45 at the head. I have no faith that he will not push the button  how could the
The last person in our country I wanted to have control of our security  (?) sits in the White House, tweeting.
Invoke the draft, test the waters for support.
Interesting idea, ko.
IMO congress/POTUS need to stop talking BS and walk the walk. OR FIGURE OUT ANOTHER WAY. NK/IRAN/Syria/AFG/Yemen/Iraq/Somalia/Libya-DRAFT
And here I agree. Either diplomacy, or stop making idle threats, plan an action and DO it, 100%. Prefer to use China for diplom.
Yep-if you can. Great read here from one of the highest decorated Generals after WWI-only 100 pages but extremely profound re:current events
Ty. Ko, will check it out. I'm afraid we are enabling a wag the dog scenario here. Human life should not be a political chip.we have no plan
The last person most of us wanted to be President is just that - you don't always get what you want, but hell y'all seem to want war
...followed closely by the leader of the US.
Nice having Seb form a contradicting rex tillerson. What page is every1 on anyway? Our boy is as crazy as their boy. God help us all.
Diplomacy, please. No to a nuclear first-strike!
Too late! So now you & your party led by the narcissistic manchild is gonna handle it? American lives lost are on YOU & GOP!
WE FEEL JUST AS THEEATENED BY TRUMP!!!!!!! GET HIM OUT!!!!!!!!
And the last person I want baiting him is POTUS
I imagine the rest of the world says the same thing about @realDonaldTrump.
Will you have a town hall in Columbia SC now, before the bombs fall?
who's the first?
Can you stop acting like only NK has a belligerent despot without the moral and intellectual capability to make decisions? Us too. man.
And you want @realDonaldTrump in charge of the American nuclear arsenal? You seem like a smarter man than that. #peopleoverparty
No...the last person would be your friend Donny. The pathological liar who can't filter a thought that passes through his little brain.
As opposed to another regime?
the last person I want with their small fingers on a launch button in the USA is Donald J. Trump...
Two crazy egomaniacs do not make a right!  Please help us!
The last person MILLIONS of Americans want handling this crisis is the lunatic-in-chief.  Please do something!  #25thAmendmentNow
I agree ,but what about the meathead we have in charge in this country?What a baffoon
The last person I want is DJT, can't leave his golf course to come home during a crisis. Why don't you take action?
The last person that I want in charge of nuclear codes is maniacal dear leader Trump. Be a patriot impeach.
I feel the same way about unstable TRUMP. Stop the madness, Lindsey
U trust Trump?
You sat on your hands for decades. Suddenly you care? A$$hole
You War Hawke. If you think @realDonaldTrump is sane enough to be in possession of the launch codes you're just as insane.

The last person I want as our commander in chief during a national crisis is @realDonaldTrump
The last person I want to have nuclear codes is Donald Trump. #25thamendmentnow
Amen to that Senator! A lack of leadership since 2008 has lead to this. The leadership void is now filled.
we have tried all the liberal ways to stop N Korea, they havent worked we must prepare for a war with N korea its real!!
The last person capable of defending us from such an attack is @POTUS Trump.
The support OUR @POTUS
The last person WE want with nuclear codes is DJTrump!! What will be don't to stop this nut from having a tantrum and killing each of us??
The last person I want near the red button is @POTUS
Good God, I am SO glad you aren't President!! You're a petty, purse-lipped, jealous little man.
...and Trump
Then talk to your buddy Bill Clinton.  He helped supply the materials to them!
Why won't you listen to citizens? You were hired by us and this will be your last term unless you start working for American ppl not Russia
When and if this goes down look to the leader you have chosen to support
Just curious. Who is the first person you'd want to have this capability?
Who would you prefer?
The last person we want to have their hands on a nuclear device or HC or anything is DJT. But you ppl screwed America for your #30Pieces
Curious...who's first on your list?
I thought you ran for President and lost.
Go legislate.
Holy crap do you have a first person?
Every day that you try to hide your cowardice is another day you prove that you are not doing your job.
#impeach

#impeach #ImpeachTrumpNow
then what are you going to do about it?
This is what Government negotiating gets you!
Funny, the last person I want to have the capability is @realDonaldTrump. You're better than this Lindsey!
Interesting that all you care about is the mainland.
Then please, for the love of God and all of humanity, do something about it
Then why are you allowing the President to provoke him?
Then remove Trump
Weren't YOU in office when Bill Clinton gave No. Korea all that money for energy?  And we KNOW it didn't go for that but nuclear weapons!
I would hope you wouldnt want anyone to strike America with any kind of weapon.
And the second last person would be our President - idiot at large Donald Trump! God help us
Wrong. DT should never be in control of anything. I liked you right up to the point of realization that you will do nothing to stop him
The last person I want in charge of this crisis is unhinged President Trump.
the person I most fear after Kim Jon Un...is @realDonaldTrump ...the idea that he can launch a nuclear strike gives me shivers..
I would rather see the United States respected than loved by other nations said Henry Cabot Lodge. Pres Trump words were exactly right to NK
Similarly, the last person I want to have to capability to strike with a nuclear-tipped missile is the leader of America.
Um, @realDonaldTrump is not much better.  What are YOU going to do??
#Trump #WagTheDog #RussiaInvestigation
I'm curious who would be your first person?
Who are all the other the people you'd be ok with striking the 'homeland' with a nuclear tipped missile?
In the meantime repeal OC and do tax reform. Inept senators not doing their jobs are just as dangerous to us only it's a slow death.
As I always say the best way 2 negotiate a situation like this is over twitter...don't know how that can escalate the situation #ridiculous
All of this is just to distract from investigation.
.2nd last is Donald like it r not his rhetoric is ticking homeland bomb @realDonaldTrump
last? Who is the first?
The election is over and he's jn control surrounded by the best intelligence - stand as one with @POTUS 
