Shame on you sir. Shame on you
Come on @LindseyGrahamSC I've always thought you were the rational adult in the room
"We'll win". No longer can you "win" nuclear war. Earth would be destroyed & when you pop out of the Gov. bunker Earth = dead zone for yrs.
THE GAME plan should be to force China to deal with it,IF those NUKES go off over there,they will be effected sooner than later!llies,RIGHT?
Murdering innocent people is the GOP way! By bombs or denying the less fortunate access to health care. The GOP cares less.
over "ego".
How many American lives will be sacrificed just so Trump can be a War president. GWB  did the same in Iraq and look at it now
DUTY as an ally to TAKE away his toys in a manner that keeps their PEOPLE and Country SAFE from backlash,the overflow of Nuclear matter!Dora
Hey Linds,you all are over reacting this is China's problem even with the Missals Pointed OUR WAY,It is going to hurt them worse than US!!
Are you and Dumpf going to get on the front line of any war you start?  How about YOUR children?  Do not put our men and women in harms way
War should never be an option, disappointed in you Senator, once again.
Thank you Senator for backing our PRESIDENT. I'm so glad we have a President who believes in protecting OUR country & has a real "red line."
FFS put it back in your pants @LindseyGrahamSC No one wants to see it.
Another Republican war.  All of you are insane.  Trump has conditioned all of you to think in his demented ways.
I never realized just how hateful some people are...that is until social media was invented & they could hide behind computers. SAD! 
Then Lindsey needs to put himself and his loved ones on the frontline. I'm tired of the rich using poor and middle class as pawns #NOWAR
@LindseyGrahamSC There will be a day of reckoning for your siding and support of this President similar to what occurred in Germany post ww2
Sen Graham are you crazy? @realDonaldTrump is driving toward war because his hands are small & he hates Obama. The Senate needs to stop it.
And he needs a distraction from the Russian investigation.
ALL OPTIONS ON THE TABLE...WAR SHOULD ALWAYS BE THE LAST OPTION! TO WIN ALL UNDER HEAVEN WITHOUT FIGHTING IS BEST!
Senator Graham has never met a war he didn't like.
YOU may want to pass that on to our President who is acting as Kim Yong Uns PUPPET,Hand it over to CHINA,SO they cannot blame US!!!panDora
YOU see they are only pointed at US to cause distention to MAKE US REACT with fire and brimstone,unless China is helping him OUT,it is their
U r not going, other peeps kids u all need a chill pill. Shut up.
Sigh... Please listen to the one on your right shoulder. You know, the one w the wings. That other one w the horns is bad news. #conflicted
Whose kids are you sending to war? How many people are you willing to send to die while you hold a cush job in office?

play play a game
We wouldn't have to if we had smart, sane leaders. Peace is hard work, harder than flexing muscles.
About time we start defending ourself against NK constantly acting like the Mafia that we need to pay to be not threatened
NO NO NO!!
@LindseyGrahamSC -We? You gotta frog in your pocket?
"We"?
What's This We kimasobe?
Nothing justifies using nukes. That is a losing proposition all the way around. Quit war-mongering-No one in the WH knows what they're doing
Yeah ur not going.
Living in SC, we have learned that Senator Graham says whatever the GOP wishes for him to say. We can skip the interview.
CRAZY & IRRESPONSIBLE!!  Trump is an authoritarian tyrant putting the world at risk.  US congress still has authority to STOP him. Article 1
Looking forward to seeing the show.
does he understand one bomb will destroy everything. everything. fallout not just a phrase. this is not poland 1939. k will retaliate
You are asking him so you can hear it . And you already know what he will say so he can reinforce his war rabble. He's hawkish and know it.

The armistice was signed on 7/27/1953, and was designed to insure a complete cessation of hostilities until a treaty was agreed. WE R @ WAR!
NO WAR for trumputin!
mentaly ready to servive a TERMO NUKLER WAR
step up and you get burnt  . . .
Like bush/cheney with Iraq, piece of SH^TS #blotus/pence want to privatize a war to get richer! 
Senator Graham this is not a war this is Genocide at high skill, where Hiroshima will look like a picnic.
U WONT BE GOING 2 WAR U PIECE OF SH^T, U'LL B SAFE AT HOME WHILE OUR TRROPS R IN HARMS WAY!

You first, Lindsey. Front line!
But you've relinquished your power to the executive. You have no say.
Not many interested in what graham has to say. Or mccain either
With all due respect, my dad&uncle fought in Korea, how dare you casually throw that out there. Go visit the memorial #choosediplomacy

"We"? You won't go to war... Squandering young lives to validate an old fool! Indefensible.
Do you get the feeling that most of these warmongers are dealing with masculinity/ED issues?
They have issues all right.
@LindseyGrahamSC This military/DoD family suggests you suit up & requalify your firing skills. Drop a postcard. If you are able
@LindseyGrahamSC If Graham made nothing else clear during the election, he wants a war.
America does NOT WANT TO GO TO WAR because this phony @POTUS can't stop running his mouth, drooling for applause. Graham u SUCK
Senator Graham needs to be on front lines if we go to war!
Graham, Trump and anyone else who is pushing this bs. Nothing justifies using nukes. This is to distract & try to get his numbers up.

If we have to...until then, how about putting US influence to work on containing NK by forcing China & Russia to choose NK or the world?
Yes, please. Cease ALL TRADE with countries to exert true pressure on NK. China would go down very quickly w/o US trade!
