Supposing that the Cassidy-Graham health care bill is so damn brilliant, why attempt to sneak it through on a narrow Republican mandate?
Even among Republicans consensus seems to be that the bill sucks, only you're desperate to prove that you can actually pass legislation.
Any why does Graham & McConnell need to bribe states like Alaska, exempting them from this heinous bill, to get their vote?
AND, Graham & McConnell trying to jam it through prior to a CBO score.  You are deliberately hurting the American people.
Quit screaming bipartisanship, the Dims didn’t when they rammed the ACA down our throats. ACA MUST GO!
Insurance companies must be allowed to sell across state lines to bring the cost down. Get government out of health care
The government couldn’t even run a whorehouse, what makes you think they can run health care
Scale down the Federal Government, return the power back to the states
Tell that to your colleague Mr McCain. He did care about AZ constituents either
Degenerate, senile traitor perverts..
It doesn't matter what kind of bill is proposed by republicans, #RinoMcCain will vote to keep the failing Obamacare garbage.
It's because none of u are working to fix the issues. How hard is it to work collaboratively. Work as a team. So discouraged it's about ego
Premiums under Graham-Cassidy may increase 500%.

Who knows?

Why vote before we have the CBO analysis?

@BillCassidy
@SenatorTimScott
Dead line looming!
A Koch bros imposed deadline 

@LindseyGrahamSC
@SenatorTimScott
@BillCassidy
@SenJohnMcCain
@SenateGOP
@HouseGOP
@WatchYourRepsSC
Do something but not getting rid of pre-existing conditions and subsidies. Rep. put out three lousy bills. Fix the ACA instead much easier.
how does that change if the administration commits to following the law, advertising and supporting Navigators?
But at least they have coverage until you gives can work on making the plan work better, not GONE
Okay.  So you are saving people from too high premiums by making them uninsured again ? Get together with Dems and FIX Obamacare.
Entirely because of the sabotage of this Republican administration
Yet Insurance Agencies have and will be making huge profits!  Why not talk about price gauging ?
That would be sad when you have no unions and some of your own police force earn what most millenials earn by the year. Medicare for all.
That's better than paying tens of thousands with the bill you're pushing! Or not having insurance at all. Single payer for all!!!!!
The bill is bad and you know it...you only want to help Trump "win"!
Because the GOP sabotaged the original ACA and continues to SABOTAGE it.  YOU are a monster.
Most Americans including anyone in the health care field agrees that your bill is CRUEL, INCOMPETENT & FULL OF LIES.
I can't WAITTTTT TO SEE YOU VOTED OUT . Do you NOT READ SC COMMENTS ?JUDAS! Bye , Lindsey GrandmAa
GET WITH MCAIN N FIGURE OUT WHAT THAT A HOLE WANTS.HE JUST WANTS HIS NAME ON THE BIL.HED SCREW AMERICA FOR HIS OWN EGO.HELL IS WAITING 4 HIM
Senator Granny did not WANT HC FOR ANYONE 8 years ago! He refused to pay the medical gap for SC in the AHCA! He will NOT PAY FOR ME NOW!
Senator Graham, 20% of the 30% increase is tied to uncertainty in the marketplace.
Ask people if they'd rather pay 32% more or have nothing. Oh, and you don't have to pay for a hysterectomy but don't ask for Viagra.
We get it! We get it! Obama is black! Pass a declaration on that! Stop destroying our government and healthcare. Common good is your job.
Op b  o
Let’s fix it in a bipartisan way!
They're rising because of what you guys are doing. You'll do anything to get something passed.
the gov can fix this...you guys let amendments lapse to make it fail to hurt Obama...but you hurt the people...
Here's the whole truth: IF...Trump admin. does NOT allow Fed $ for SC ACA to be dispersed prems WILL rise by at least 31%. What this means..
..if you have fed subsidies that help with your premiums...you monthly cost will go up by about $12/mo. If you do not have fed subsidies....
you are going to get NAILED with the big premium increase. Your Senator & this admin are complicit in making this happen...ACA can & must...
..be fixed for middle income policy holders! If you cannot depend on your own Senator to give you complete info,how can u trust his HC Bill?
Guess what?BS!!Record profits and bonus show lies. This is them REFUSING to comply and jacking premiums ON PURPOSE. All ins co PROFITED 2017
https://www.axios.com/profits-are-booming-at-health-insurance-companies-2418194773.html … You are correct. This will be toughest part of fixing current system.They give lots of $ to politicians & big lobby.

If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
My senator is the No count Southern BELLE Lindsey Graham. HE HASN'T ANSWER AN EMAIL,CALL, or ANY CONTACT from his office since 01/21- NONE!
UNder Trumpcare it will rise 75%
Americans can't afford Obama care. Please US government get out of the healthcare business. ACA is killing the middle class.
Premiums are rising because of the turmoil you and the GOP are creating in the industry.
That's a lie!
No it isn't. The companies in marketplace have said it themselves. But I suppose that is fake news
Insurance companies set prices. Medicare for all.
But didn't the GOP dismantle key parts so that it would fail? It's disingenuous to sabotage then replace with lesser coverage.
Hey genius. Rates are rising everywhere because of your sabotage efforts.
Thanks to G/C bill, my total and final break from the GOP is now complete. I'm ashamed of my former party.
So am I . And I LIVE IN HIS SORRY ASS. NO COUNT STATE!!!
If your evil legislation passes, what happens to those that are currently covered with pre-existing conditions?

Will all be on you!
What are your comments on this example??
I want to retweet but need the pictures info please
http://www.aarp.org/content/dam/aarp/ppi/2017/09/graham-cassidy-legislation-threatens-affordable-coverage-for-older-americans.pdf …
Then come up with a plan that covers more people for less money!
gov can fix premiums and lower them without repeal...
COULD, if Trump keeps destablizing the market.
How about returning to the normal legislative process? Let's start with that.
BS all you are trying to do is sabatoge ACA and scare people. Quit lying.
Or not. How can we know?
Then please work to fix it. You have the opportunity to actually #MAGA if you are bipartisan and put your constituents first
The New Republican Party is as much a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE Today as the MAFIA was in Turn of the Century.
Happy to see @SenJohnMcCain will NOT support your attempt at #AmericanGenocide #AmericanHolocaust.
AND THAT IS BY YOUR VERY DESIGN TO MAKE IT FAIL! IT'S OUR TAX DOLLARS! GIVE US THE SAME COVERAGE YOU ENJOY AND WE PAY FOR!
Plus NO CHOICE could only find a NP to take o care in aiken sc  I have health insurance but NOT healthcare
conditions+COULD result in higher premiums. See Lindsey I can play the scare game too.
to favor your bill--SHAMEFUL. Your bill COULD eliminate 32million from coverage+COULD eliminate coverage on pre-ex
now scare tactics--you ought to be ashamed of yourself! Also what does "COULD BE" mean? You are trying to scare Americans
So you figure if you cut off people you can shift money to the wealthy. A bought soul is a lost soul.
And you're no friend of @SenJohnMcCain by putting your name on this pile of shit so he'll vote Yes. Hope McCain sees thru this & votes !!!
Ugh, so fix the ACA? If it's so bad why are you holding it as a bargaining chip with Alaska? #YouSuckGraham
Premiums would go up under #GrahamCassidy too given that you aren’t dropped. Not sure what you’re trying to prove with this tweet lol
Or you could fix it after 8 years of trying to defund the ACA&defaulting on mandate payments to insurance companies.
Why is it you and your stubborn party won't try to fix the system we already have?
Glad to see this bill die
Then why don't you work on a fix? Why do you think you are entitled to better health insurance than most of the rest of us?
We gave the GOP the house,senate,an president,still nothing? The costs go up, and we the people still pay?
This is exactly what you wanted and exactly what you orchestrated! Do you think we are all blind and stupid?
That's why BIPARTISAN fix for Affordable Care Act is needed-which is exactly what YOUR FRIEND & COLLEAGUE is calling for! U KNOW he's right!
Thank your buddy McCain that the American people are been forced to pay such high cost  by a mandatory government impossed healthcare plan.
Yes Senator, I'm sure you're right and you 'could be' putting together a bipartisan effort to pass healthcare. McCain is right on this.
Only because you haven't tried to fix it.  Unconscionable.
Could be..COULD BE
You are a fraud.
Than fix it. Don't destroy it
In Alaska they are reducing by 24% your crap would be cost prohibitive.
Still cheaper than $142,000 a year right?
1. Then work in FIXING IT for South Carolina!  Don’t take healthcare away from the ones it works for!!!  Everyone knows the ACA needs work.
2.  Let Sen Alexander and Sen Murray work in fixing the ACA.  It is unconscionable what you want to do.   It is clear it is strictly about $
3.  The magnitude of the effect due to your bill is unfathomable.  Literally MILLIONS will be negatively affected- it will be life or death.
Liar!!!!!!!!!!! Go away! You need a new brain.
Could be?
You should be ashamed of putting forth this awful bill. American people will remember. Tarnished legacy by following  Trump.
Time to expand Medicare
$10 or less? Please Senator, this is the epitome of fake news.
If you care for people, try to get at the root causes of why medical costs are rising faster than our purchasing power. Shifting the 1/
burden of payment from fed to state to high-risk pool etc - does not save any money. You can only save $ by denying care or by finding 2/
out why medical costs are rising faster than purchasing power, and acting on the supply of drugs and care. Market economy 101, right? //
You were chosen by the people in this state to serve us all!  This bill is nothing but a trophy on YOUR shelf.
GOP intentionally sabotages ACA. GOP does very well to announce the outcomes of their sabotage. GOP voters blame Obama and ACA. Nice!
Then FIX it!!!!
This is unfair and you know it. Improve the existing structure and prevent presidential sabotage.
Only because you're sabotaging the ACA.
Don't try and use fear, your bill will drive up prices as well. Try giving us facts for once not alternative facts.
Of course, because the oppressionists in the right are purposely sabotaging it. You'll soon be unemployed and this is the reason why.
Then fix it, don't repeal it... work across the isle. Be the bigger person. Seems like such an easy answer.
Back to the drawing board sir
Scare tactics! Manipulation of the markets! You guys stop at nothing to destroy the USA!
Time to work on a bipartisan solution I guess. Ask the health professionals what to do.
Graham will not win his next election-self serving weasel
The GOP is intentionally sabotaging Abamacare. There is a bipartisan plan to fix it - do it if you care about people.
Liar
Many insurance companies are doing negative things because of Trump and the GOPs onslaught to repeal the ACA. GOP's fault.
Well then you should go bipartisan and fix it! It is what the people want!
Each state is different. Depends on how things are set up. Knowing these two states, probably poorly and that is why.
Then fix it. Did SC take the expansion? Fix it . Pull your bill and work with Congress to fix it. You are better than you have shown .
Fix it.  Prove u care for the people and not the Koch Brothers
Be sure to also explain how its being sabotaged by the government. Be honest. You can live without those checks. Do the right thing
Sir......you have no way of knowing what they will be with your plan.
#FixtheACA
Then come up with a bi-partisan plan! If you pass this with only GOP votes, what happens the next time the Dems take over? Never-ending!
Then walk cross the aisle and find a solution.
So do something about FOR PROFIT insurance CORPS whose ONLY motivation to exist is to SCREW sick people. Barking under wrong tree Lindsey.
Fix it Lindsey.  The ACA is being sabotaged. By GOP.
Then fix Obamacare via bipartisan effort instead of shoving your harmful bill down people's throats!
Yep it's totally working
High do they rise with the terrible plan you concocted? A lot more than that. Yes, we get it, ACA does need some changes. BIPARTISAN!
After your Graham-Cassidy fails maybe you can do something about that. How bout if the rest of get what you Senators have?
stop trying to scare people
When the campaign is run on repealing and replacing it with something better then it's your job to replace it with something better.
Instead of sabotaging ACA try to fix with dems
Because the @GOP has destabilized the market.  Fix the ACA
No one believes you anymore Lindsey.  You've gotten my last vote or those of my family. I will campaign hard against you in the future.
I'm surprised at your bill. You have always been someone who's interested in bipartisanship, yet Graham-Cassidy punishes blue states.
No health insurance. BCBS is AWFUL!! Only covers in local area provided "in network".  No "out of network" covered; no out of state.
The Repub party has done EVERYTHING IN THEIR POWER TO SABOTAGE THE ACA RATHER THAN FIXING IT! U SHOULD BE ASHAMED BUT YOU ARE HEARTLESS!!!!!
You need to take some notes from your buddy John McCain.  #ThankYouSenatorMcCain
Working Americans can not afford the Obamacare premiums now.  Just repeal it. Welfare already takes care of those not working.
So fix it, don't just say no healthcare is the answer. Grow up
Sen McCain is nothing more then a hateful senator.  He is obstructing healthcare bills, stopping the GOP from keeping a promise, worthless
Why does the AMA, Am Cancer, Am Heart, etc. ALL sayyour bill is crap?
They could be - or you could join the bipartisan effort to fix the issues with the ACA rather than wasting time trying to rush thru junk.
Tell the RINOS not us. We did out job voting you all in now PLEASE PLEASE do your jobs. This is beyond wrong and ludicrous!!
Because of you!
Could be is not "are".  Enough with the scare tactics.
No help from your CNN buddy!Pathetic state of affairs. Childish behavior from elected officials. Will send $$ to any RINO who is opposition.
Why do you refuse to work with the @TheDemocrats ? Surely the best outcome is a united health care solution that covers ALL Americans.
Only a cruel person would play this stupid.
Work with Dems to fix the subsidies.
try to fix it then. That is your job.
So then do something to FIX IT instead of creating a plan that is even worse. #shameful #GrahamCassidyKills
Here’s an idea; how about some legislation to shore up ACA
Yes because lawmakers won't do their job and reach a bipartisan answer!  Your bill is worse then Obamacare if people would just read it
Only of you continue to sabbatoge it. Even your best friend cant stand with you on your horrible bill
Then work with Dems to FIX our healthcare system. Your plan would make it even worse.
Then work with the Dems to FIX Obamacare.
Then work with the Democrats and FIX IT!
Then work in a bipartisan fashion to find a solution.  THAT IS YOUR JOB. THAT IS WHAT YOU WERE ELECTED TO DO.
Don't matter if it is Obamacare or not, they will rise until Universal healthcare is the law.  Wake up America, they just want UR money
Quit sabotaging it then.
Oh and your bill would be better? The only reason premiums might rise is because of you trying to repeal it making the market unstable!
The http://state.com  is a conservative news page that is known to spew shit like this.
Could is a word used frequently by liars.
If ACA were properly funded, and SC had accepted the Medicare expansion, maybe this wouldn't be happening? A problem of your own creation.
Tell us Sen, will Congress have the same healthcare ins as the rest of us? As an employee of SC, you should have SC insurance, right?
Thx to GOP working against it.
Lies
Does it have anything to do with the obesely fat and uneducated populace of your state?
so fix ocare don't f$ck it up even more sir.
Your fault for destabilizing the market.
That's because you clowns are destabilizing the marketplace. If you weren't trying to kill #ACA and people, the marketplace would stabilize
The dead could be rising next year anywhere. #GrahamCassidy #drinkmore
Hmm - not seeing a lot of support on your own Twitter feed - maybe this bill is a bad idea. For the country AND for you ....
Why ....has actual health gotten worse are people sicker? Why? Drill Down ...are you supporting the people or the insurance companies.
So make the bleeding stop! SC is watching! Your job depends on it! #repealobamacare !
Looks like someone is worried about the Koch brothers?
Because the Republicans are trying to rip away aca!! WE ARE NOT STUPID! !
Only because Republican sabotage, everyone knows it.
Well if you'd quit creating chaos and uncertainty in the market, improve refine ACA, probly wouldn't.
And you know why. Republican Governors and the House have done everything they could think of to take away ACA coverage. Shameful
Maybe is you’d stop taking money away from the ACA, it would work. Damn Republicans....you are all working to sabotage the ACA!
Your bill will destroy Rs & Ds, booting 32 million off healthcare & eliminating Medicaid.  And u are doing it for Koch 
Did Jimmy Kimmel report this?...Also why did Kimmel get free treatment for his child when he could pay for it?
Thank you Lindsey for your actions and rhetoric that are helping lead to these premium increases.
