And Graham would be glad!
No if you don't start backing the President you will be voted out. The American people are watching and we are angry. Support the President.
Guess you never learned to treat others the way you'd like to be treated..remember you wanted to be POTUS. Step up and support Trump!
Make sure that the healthcare bill you are all trying so hard to hide is revealed and made public long before you vote
Trump will pardon pence, flynn, kuschner, paige, manifort, bannon, coates, & Rogers. And the republican party will pardon trump, NO impeach
Arrogant people! Have to get their nose in front of a camera before checking the facts. Hope they apologize for quick judgement of @POTUS
Hmmm Mueller friend of Comey investigating with a bunch of Hillary supporters on his team. He should be fired tomorrow, with no replacement
# oxygen thief
And #DonTheCon keeps firing ppl who R doing the #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #ObstructionOfJustice #AbuseOfPower  #WitnessIntimidation
#zResist
Trump refuses to stop tweeting.He says one thing.He son goes on Fox News and says a different thing .He makes the USA look like fools
Oh and Pelosi doesn't.  Go smoke your peace pipe in drift back into coma.
for example, where is the outrage from senators and Cong. Over Lynch trying to hide the HRC investigation?
See, the thing is: he can't stop tweeting because he's terrified... because he knows that there's no way he'll be exonerated, tweets or not.
@lindseygrahamsc ummm....shouldn't you be more upset that he's committed treason, rather than be frustrated he's talking about it?
He can't say that, because he can get in trouble. .. alot of trouble. Especially if it's not true.
Get in trouble? Not true as in Trump doing it everyday? Don't think so.
Get a real job, your welfare is going to dry up!
So Lynch meeting on a Tarmac with Bill wasn't inappropriate??  Lynch running cover wasn't obstruction.  There shouldn't even be a mueller
We need to have another election . Ryan is a weak "Punk" and a go along to get along person. He down plays the intelligence community 2.
This investigation will nail pence as well. He was involved with the Flynn probe. $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
1856 Dems didn't renominate Pres Pierce, and they won anyway.  Just sayin'...
Why don't you just go ahead and join the Democratic party??? You've got all their talking points down pat.
There shouldn't even be an investigation.  Looking forward to 2018 and kicking the rest of you dirt bags out.  Better get right with us
Now trump can go out and shoot somebody in the middle of the street. Hey trump Graham and Ryan won't vote 2 impeach you or agree 2 indict u.
#FairyGraham will be going down along with #InsaneMcCain by order of the the Trump GOP of which without there isn't an @gop. #TermLimits
Nope, he's going to go down because vlad hacked the election for him. 
Hillary sold uranium to Russia and we are investigating Trump.  Lol
What do you know
His failure,  your failure!  You may be a part of the swamp that needs to be drained!
Fire him and replace with sycophants like Obummer and Killary
Executive branch officials not answering to Congress!  Maybe Republicans do not see a need for 3 branches of gov't.
Trump was elected because of politicians like you! The only pos thing about the Dems is they stick together. GOP should give it a try!
Ever notice most of your followers are liberals! Why is that?
You're just stupid! Corrupt!  and nothing but a RINO!!!
Waaaaa.. I'm Lindsey Graham and the POTUS thinks I'm spam. Waaaaaa...
Or, perhaps he will "go down" because he committed TREASON !!! The Russians FIXED THE ELECTION and Trump was IN ON THE DEAL !!!
Republicans like you, Graham needed to be voted out a LOOONG time ago;& ppl of SC spoke, wanted you out; but RNC backed you, thus NO CHOICE!
Lindsey, we are not paying him as much as the Russians have. Follow the money!
Hey Lindsey . Was just wandering if you are related to this guy .
Do us a favor.Take your political cronie John McCain, retire & join Hillary on a scavenger hunt in the woods. Your hate for Pres destructive
No it shouldn't ever happen like that  because  he TRUMP was elected as you were you need to try dodge ball
I adore you, Lindsey Graham, but PLEASE, just shut up!! You are simply adding fuel to an already BLAZING fire of unsupported acusations!
Trump is an out of control crook !
Lindsey better get with the people's program soon and support President trying to get our agenda thru or we will #VoteHimOut
Your voters fleeing from you. You Graham are going to be voted out of office. You have NO loyalty to President Trump or the American people
Your voters fleeing from you. You Graham are going to be voted out of office. You have NO loyalty to President Trump or the American people
So you are saying trump could do "something" with immigration opposes to seasoned ppl in the GOP just like health care not buying ur 
Not heard one word from you about this.  Why is #Congress not passing a law to stop promoting assassination of any President?
Not heard one word from you about this. Why is #Congress not passing a law to stop promoting assassination of any President?
Graham LIES over & over about Pres. Trump.
What is inappropriate?  He speaks truth
I think you give Trump too much credit for the potentially great things that he could have accomplished.
Lindsey, this is all bullshit, diversionary crrap from you and the left. He's the president... get on or get off... stop the whining!
Lindsey Graham and John Mccain must join the Democratic Party. That is where they want to be.
Lindsey Graham why don't you stand for President. You will fall way short. Jealous?
Mueller has Coates & Rogers to substantiate Comey's PROFFERED testimony which could have been quashed/redacted. Investigation JUST began!
That's a symptom and he needs to be medically contained before he does any more damage.
You too..Graham..
SHOCKER! Senator Diane Feinstein Calls for a Look Into Comey/Lynch Collusion: “I think we need to... http://ow.ly/CuG8100HDK1  @3lectric5heep
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump what Lindsey said here is absolutely true. I urge  u to not tweet about this.
I think @LindseyGrahamSC should decide if he's "in or out"
Bcuz no one knows which side he's on!
Stop tweeting!! We got you on this one.? Spoke to the boys and figured a way out.
Graham: Representing Putin since January, 2017. #termlimits
Spot on Senator Graham! If Trump would just shut up&stay off Twitter he could do amazing things. His tweets further divide this country!
Wouldn't it be a better idea to wait until investigation is over before you tell everyone there is no collusion and he will be cleared?
Why does it always sound to me as if LG has already made his decision about the guilt or innocence of DT?
Americans like the Tweeting.
@realDonaldTrump NO NO NO. Keep on tweeting.  It will be your downfall. Thank you.
#HowTospotAdouchebag Ding!  We have a winner.
Your so right, POTUS ego will be his downfall, he is his own worse enemy! And his stupidity will end his presidency
Why are you assuming that an investigation will clear @realDonaldTrump ?
Well said Mr Graham.
Sen Graham need not concern himself with Trumps tweets. Graham is part if the swamp. He needs to go.
Quit making excuses for him. He's going down because he's a crook/con-man who embraces foes & sold our highest office to the highest bidder
He is not a good representative of the US.  He is taking the US into a bad place.  Country before party @SenJohnMcCain
2/2 What @RealDonaldTrump undoubtedly HEARD on @FaceTheNation .  And I'm not sure @LindseyGrahamSC didn't mean it that way.
1/2 What @LindseyGrahamSC actually said this morning on @FaceTheNation:
There is more to this than our leaders are telling us...much more and it is obvious as well.
Senator: Its called narcissism. Also arrogance and ignorance is a poor combo--especially in a president.
Maybe you can start supporting this President.  If he fails. ..you failed!
@MajorCBS @LindseyGrahamSC If he 'went down' the larger reason would be the denizens of the swamp...senator.
when are you going to do Something about the menace in the WH?
Understand the first words out of Trump's mouth when he was sworn in were "Oh Shit -Shit Happens" and "I'm in deep doo doo" or "Impeach me"!
cannot wait for Trump to go down. Impeach him, lindsey.
Don't u wonder why MSM always has u on instead of the other 50 plus GOP senators. They look for an anti trump coward voice that's you. #sad
Calm down graham cracker.  Those liars need a good shaking up.  Notice how the roaches have retreated into the Russian woodwork
Trump has the right to turn them all upside down and shake out their evil tongues.  Calm down Graham Cracker.
Calm down Graham cracker.  The President has a right to turn them all upside down and shake the crap out of their evil lying hearts.
Dude loves the camera way to much. Boy BYE!
100% behind ur bill to punish Ruskies for interfering in US. Hopefully Tovarish-in-Chief signs it or otherwise be exposed.@realDonaldTrump
The only way Trump "goes down" is with Republican help like you.  I thank God everyday for Trump.  I pray for him everyday. Why don't you?
Trump is as guilty as sin in colluding with Russia and paying bak Russian favors - Money -
Seriously @LindseyGrahamSC ??? Just stop! My sides are hurting I'm laughing so hard. Be careful who you give your new phone number to!
We voted for him and want him to succeed, please support him.
He just can't seem to help himself, sometimes he is his own worst enemy!
Let him fall! We want Pence
You said trump "should be quiet" because then the investigation "would clear him."  How can you know that information? R U in on the fix?
Goes down he's going to take half of America down with him
Graham's so desperate for relevancy he continues to take pot shots at the Prez and sniveling Dickerson laps it up with his tail wagging.
No, he's going down because he colluded with the Russians and also because he's a pathological liar. GOP needs to face facts.
Here is another the one that has convicted the president already and the investigation hadn't even started
YOU need2step up2the plate and DO Something besides TALK! NOT like Utalked2Comey either,talked like a Sissy...After all That Complaining !!
The #deepstate libtards lose handle on Russia and look who pops up against #POTUS again. McCain should appear soon! #swamp #payforplay.
The investigation should concern you as a possible attack on American democracy. The tweeting is not the problem.

Lindsey. Lindsey. You know he's incompetent. Stop carrying his water. Please. Have some self respect.
never going to happen
Instead of looking for reasons to impeach him.  let's try to look for solutions to make this a better country. Only flies are attracted 2 
Do you not realize trump has mental problems?
And you're a
Disappointing. POTUS only fault is inappropriate talk? Lindsey you have drunk the Kool Aid. U have been seduced by self-interest & hypocrisy
A reasonable Republican who speaks out against Trump, if only more of his colleagues had his backbone
It doesn't take back bone it takes ignorance
@realDonaldTrump I do believe u now truly like our Pres, & I agree with u about the tweeting. Positive twtng ok, combative NOT!
You don't like his tweets, but we do and millions more support Trump than you! Grow a pair and start supporting your Prez like a man! Whiner
Can't you keep your mouth shut always criticizing the Prez? Enough already, we wanted him not you and the stuff he does we like, shut up!!!
Graham is a traitor too.
Respectfully, Mr. Graham, SHHH
He calls it frustrating. I calll it karma.
Graham and McCain are democrats that love war. That's all they are. We need Trump to have a rally in SC asking voters to dump the hack
Our POTUS should not go 
Down because of any so called inappropriate comments. This Russia  collusion shit is a hoax
Senator Graham We the People who voted for President Trump are frustrated with YOU. Instead of going to the media and fighting - call him!
Good Grief!!!
 I live in South Carolina. 
Why in the name of God & the USA do you fools on TV pay attention to anything he says????
you act surprised? Were not paying attention to his behavior until now?
Great job. Well said Senator Graham.
What
not only is he going down so are republicans like you who talk the game but don't act on anything!
Why are you ok with comey attempt to blackmail the Pres in TT? Do you reaslly think the MSM/Dems and corrupt gov officials respect you? LOL
BS.  Pres does NOT have to be defamed by media, pols and corrupt gov officials.  Bet you think comeys attempt to intimidate the Pres is ok!.
No, Trump will be the 2nd President to go down for OBSTRUCTION! Or maybe ABUSE OF POWER! By time Mueller is done he might be first 4 TREASON
Telling that ya slipped up & said:"if he'd just stop talking about it, it would go away'. At least we know where your loyalties lie: GOP>USA
B.S.
why is it that week after week you just have panelists that hat Trump. Can't you have a good debate bias
How will Trump "fix" immigration if US bankrupts Mexico? Desperate people will climb any wall as many times as it takes
Oh well
Frustrating that Graham keeps propping up the most dangerous threat to democracy in this country.  Donald J. Trump.
Why don't you resign since you don't like him. The rest of America does. The part of America that counts. Leave him alone.
. Frustrating government investigations very few go to jail
Would everyone please stop telling @realDonaldTrump to stop talking.
and this would be a surprise?? He has no self restraint & that will not change. not a fan of pence but imagine would cause less drama.
This man is nuts! Get to the bottom of Trumps lies!
I am quite sure that Don is worries about your frustration......Mr 1%
He just reached McCain's level of confusion. If he's innocent there wouldn't be anything he could say to change that. However...
Too late he's already made a circus of the Presidency and he's the head clown in charge. Shame on the @GOP for supporting a reality TV host
But @LindseyGrahamSC forces @POTUS tweets as @NRSC lets Graham keep insinuating voters were duped into electing @realDonaldTrump by Putin.
Has Graham already conspired with Trump for Senate to acquit, regardless? Or is this Graham's opening approach to a conspiracy? #Resistance
Seems Graham has judged before the investigation. Has been making false conclusions in media.
Comey testifying doesn't mean there's no Mueller invest into president. seriously!!! He was very careful. Graham has turned into hack!
I would like to see some of those tweets stop, too, but you and others need to help by standing up for him
How? @realDonaldTrump puts his foot in his mouth nearly every day. He can't even stick to a narrative@
trump is NOW being investigated by Special Counsel. All of you will go down with trump for not seeing the reality of the situation
What's frustrating is that you right wing folks our picking party before country.  Get to work.  Serious WORK!!!
Trump seems to have forgotten about Mueller.  I'm sure the gas bag doesn't have recordings typical BS!
FBI pick's lawfirm has 2 big Russian clients. He hid Chris Christie's cellphone for 2 yrs/Bridgegate. Say NO
the sooner the better, get rid of Pence next who lied abt Flynn. Impeach Trump, Lindsey, right NOW.
Believe that is true, also Trump will lie under oath. Bam!  Got him. Happy to see the faggie fart leave.
@LindseyGrahamSC the cost of doing business with this man is TOO HIGH.
OMG @bloodless_coup I can't believe he said this. How about defending your side?
Good interview. How about less campaign fundraising so pols can work for more Americans & reduce cost of public subsidizes to pvt. funders?
Sir ,this man "going down" would be a GIFT for America. His impulsiveness on the phone is nothing compared to the real damage he may cause.
Graham praising the prospective accomplishments of a man who never spent a day in the service of anyone but himself, is consistent with GOP!
Is this a "feeler" by Lindsey? Is he testing the waters for the Republicans? Seems so. Keep an eye on the reaction from the right.
I totally agree with u. I support @realDonaldTrump he needs to stop even if they are right on.
Does he go down on you regularly? And never stops talking? How annoying!
Has it occurred to you Senator, that there is something mentally off kilter with this man? I mean really. HOW can u continue to back him?
WHAT will it take for u to say "enough" and MEAN it?
Lindsey maybe you should support our President instead of tweeting negatively.
Democrats support each other!  
he isnt being negative. He is being real with this statement.
Maybe you should support him instead of tweeting negatively.  Democrates support each other.  
