@LindseyGrahamSC what a disappointment you turned out to be  #TrumpRussia
What about human rights on Saudi Arabia? Oh that's right donald gave them weapons. Right to protest in Russia? Putin is a smart leader? Bah.
What happened to your positions on China, Vietnam, and Russia? These regimes are much more brutal to their people than Cuba.
I thought weren't telling others how to live or does that just apply to Saudi?
What about travel to Russia and China?  Does democracy and human rights in those countries deserve a tough stance from the US?
And the UAE, and Turkey and all the other countries Trump has illegally done business in.
Yes there's a long list.  He just wants to undo all things Obama
that's what I thought too at first but now I'm thinking all things American. Putin couldn't be happier.
Pro-democracy - pro-human?  The biggest problem is right here in the U.S., and particularly in the southern states. It's you, Lindsey.
Bullshit.  My husband has family in Cuba.
Fidel is dea, give the new leader a chance.  Cuba can help our economy.   Country before party always!
If only the same could be said for American pro democracy and pro human rights advocates.
Bull
The old policy was in place for 50 years and that didn't change anything so why will this?
How about working on a pro-democracy movement here and ridding the gov of Russian influence.
And Trump paves the way for his pals the Russians and Chinese businesses to take our place. Another step backwards on the raod to MAGagA GP
With this action, Trump has handed Putin a huge gift. It's called CUBA. Now russia will put military bases there, and we will not fight it.
Why do wealthy people deserve a tax break more than Americans need healthcare that is available and affordable? 1% needs no help!
Not long ago you had earned my respect, thought I'd consider as a pres. candidate. That's all gone since you've sold your soul to trump
It's going to be a good day when Trump is out of office, as well as his cadre of criminal types. You know it's the truth! 
You're full of crap. Will backfire big time.
Castro Regime is going already, he's not running again. Your right though, makes more sense for China and Russia sell everything to them.
Your thinking disappoints.Past experience ie Transformation REDCHINA beginning with Nixon/Kissinger shows rapprochement works.Isolationwrong
What Castro regime? Raul is set to step down.
Another load of blather from you. Cuba doesn't care what you or Donnie think
This time it's going to work!
Ramses II said "Strike the name of Moses..."  Trump says, "Strike all legislation from our 1st black President Obama!"
and for Russia to move into our back yard
Bad day for American freedom to travel in the world.
Yes and lead to even more starving Cubans who didn't bail on their country like @marcorubio coward ass parents
What about Russian
But why no one objected when Obama visited Cuba.
Instead of speaking out again Trump when you disagree, you only speak up when you agree these days
I'm in Lindsey's home state. He has no trouble being vocal when he thinks Trump isn't doing something right
LIAR!!
So this is about democracy and human rights? Hmm, are we still selling $350B in weapons to Saudi Arabia?
And a very bad day for the Cuban people!
Get over the Castro regime - time to get over hurt from 50 years ago
And a great day for Saudi Arabia, our close ally which promotes subjugation of women and exports Wahhabism. Look it up.
The USA and human rights. You really want to go there?
Actually it is a good day for the Cuban regime because they can again paint America as the villain responsible for all of Cuba's problems.
Our hard line helped keep the Castros in power, Obama did the right thing by changing it and Trump is just being a petty little dickweed.
You wld think we have evolved to address this in a different way k this just lets Moscow in closer AGAIN - or did you guys look at that ? !!
How about the thugs in Russia, Saudi Arabia etc.
I heard Castro died *shrugs*
Do you dislike Castro since he wasn't as hard on his citizens as the Saudi Royal family that you love?
Maybe we can get a Russian democracy in Cuba?
Please explain your logic. How does isolating them more change anything?
This is so dumb, and hurts American businesses. You know the only reason he is undoing this is because Obama did it. No thought beyond that.
So we are returning to the same policy that didn't work for 50 years. Well done @GOP !
Stop with the cuban shit Linsdey lets focus on russian trump collusion and trump obstruction and single payer health care.
Clean your own backyard before you start to clean others.
How about Saudi Arabia
