@benshapiro journalism is printing what someone else doesn't want printed, everything else is public relations. -Orwell
the problem is assange (at times) has no regard for innocent (soldiers/Afghan translat) bystanders.
true. A tight rope discussion no doubt, but not black and white. Certainly case by case.
what worries me more are the people who's opinion of JA changes depending on who he's exposing.
people should be praised and held accountable per each action. No man is a god or a demon.
That's possibly the most correct statement I've seen on the internet this year!
the enemy of my enemy, can be neither *my* friend or enemy.
When a foreign entity attacks one American, they have attacked ALL Americans. Who will be next of Putin's hit list? United!
Since when is a whistle-blower an attacker?
He's not a whistleblower. he's a spy against the US. He should be hung.
He's a spy huh. How about when he was hacking people on the right. That was ok right.He's one of the only real journalists left
traitor
Assange cannot by definition be a traitor as he is not an American. He is an extremely good journalist though :)
@benshapiro he has a record of undermining corrupt politicians.  You're simply afraid of what he'll reveal about you.
assange has a record of seeking attention and having non consensual sex with women.
That's slanderous. No Dem has even denied truthfulness of emails. Scared of truth?
technically, it's libel.
lives in some far out lala land if he disparages Wikileaks & Assange who have a 100% accurate record.
You want to flood our country with third-world immigrants.  You're no friend to America!
at least he is not a liar
You are no friend of We The People. We want the truth & the truth is foreign to you.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @benshapiro How did you do when you ran for POTUS and people heard your ideas? You lost. Bigtime. Please go away. #MAGA
did he lose his right to speak? Your fascism is showing.
@wikileaks exposed our Govt being crooked & corrupt. You're just mad you all get caught
what he found showed the truth you knew about your entire career. You need to retire and go home. Your shameful!
Whistleblowers deserve praise for their strength... whistleblowers with a political agenda do not.
@LindseyGrahamSC
yet PE Trump sides with the enemy?
ha!!! So do you! Please, think before you tweet.
oh hey let's not forget the CIA does worse
The truth is the truth whether it undermines America or not. You are the bigger threat, you are undermining our choice
I find it rather interesting how some people loved his Iraq leaks but hate his Clinton leaks.
@dannyblanton However, he is a fan of the truth. Never wikileaks has been proven wrong.
secrets = security. "Truth" that isn't yours to give is worse than a lie
Sure man. Enjoy your narrative.
your fan of truth is accused of rape in Sweden. He's hiding in Equator. He's a fan of "truth" about others
Who is a friend to American Democracy in DC? Truly. Who in DC does not put there own needs, desires, special interest last
He's Trump's friend.
Bill wants to put his C in your mouth
Q is, what do you plan to DO about it? A nation whose election was disrupted by a hostile power must nullify it, correct?
And you've spent trillions overthrowing governments, trying to cook election in Israel. Seriously, you've got gall.
Julian Assange brings out the truth because the liberal media won't.
@benshapiro Because Perpetual war is peace! #firetheneocons
Indeed Senator Graham; keep the heat on Trump regarding the hacking of our election
PLEASE get more Repubs to join you & Sen McCain in speaking out about Assange, hacking & the attack on our Intel community.
George Washington undermined his country as well.
YOU are no friend to Republicans or this country, Grahamnesty! You don't represent SC!
what is wrong with undermining an international criminal, huh craig? answer that.......still waiting......
nor is @realDonaldTrump
old elite undermined the US
And neither are you!
Trump will do all possible to let Putin & Russian spies infiltrate USA. He can't be trusted!
you're a crook- touché
Glad you are my senator! Thanks for keeping a clear head and speaking the truth
How again Lindsey?
@lovemrpibb2 now that you say he's no friend of America or democracy it makes sense that he's friends with trump
@phylogenomics 
America vs Democracy:
why have you withdrawn support for hacking investigation?
So are you getting ready to crank up the impeachment process?  This guy is a lunatic.
Does that mean Trump is no friend of America or democracy?
Thank You!  Please don't cave in to the Donald. You're one of the few strong republicans left.
Do not trust the Trump-Netanyahu-Putin AXIS
Putin and Assange his puppet are also attacking Europe with goal of dividing NATO alliance and EU. Thank you for your work.
Sir how can we have only 3 republicans who will but country 1st trump puts russia 1st whats is going on with our party Sir
you mean exposing your corruption?
Assange should get his ass beat up & his russian backed Wikileaks disintegrated! He's done enough damage!!
@benshapiro Hide the truth! In no way are you allowed to see what Lindsey Graham wants kept quiet.  Who do you think u are!
@moonalli please require @realDonaldTrump to release his financial records. Nothing is more important, before inauguration
. Have you too been bribed or blackmailed,by Putin, Trump or McConnel. Traitors that are trying to keep hacking under wraps
. Why are you and McCain bowing down to traitor GOP and Comrade Trump on Russian hacking. Bipartisian investigation now!
Exactly!!!
you sound like a Democrat who was caught #draintheswamp #LIBTARDS #Pleaseretire
@MamurphyMaureen And being bankrolled by Putin
Thank you Senator for challenging Drump!
He is a thief in possession of stolen material
Obama is no friend to the U.S. either. Take your pick and I'll trust Assange over Obama any day!
Well I can also say, Congress is no friend to #puertorico?  So....who are the liars here?
Not to mention that he's hiding out at an embassy due to charges of rape, that's who trump and Ryan believe in!
Assange has a history of honesty and revealing the truth... somehow I think the truth is always the friend of liberty
@benshapiro Retweeting Linda, epic all-time asshat. WTF
you want the American people to believe the CIA?
former South Carolina senator know your gay as hell
That's why @realDonaldTrump Loves him, Senator.!  @GOP @SenateGOP
@benshapiro doesn't mean he's wrong though, right?
Love you!
But that didn't stop y'all from going all in on his email dumps against Hillary, now did it? #Hypocrisy @Donkey_Feed
Hillary Clinton & the DNC undermined the people of the united States. Get a clue #frauds
Agree.
One thing Assange's leaks show beyond doubt is that USA is no friend of democracy. DNC rigged election.
yes - but u don't need leaks to show that:
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/10769041/The-US-is-an-oligarchy-study-concludes.html …
@LindseyGrahamSC
Maybe if the American government stopped doing shady shit there wouldn't be anything to leak! Neocons like you and McCain are history.
Neither are the Clintons ,Podesta or Abedin or #Soros Stop Being a Puppet for the #corrupt
U undermine democracy & the #AmericanPpl  U R a #Disgrace 2  along w/ @SenJohnMcCain WTP trust #Assange more than U & McCain. #Disgraceful
yeah okay.  Reveals all your corruption.  We don't care if it rep or dem, we hate corruption and he's a social warrior
Sorry Dipshit but I would trust Assange long before I would trust you or your warmongering buddy John McCain.
Uh, you are though??
and you have acted like a spoiled child, did you win your last seat, bcause no ran against you? #term limits
CUCK!
well, you have that in common, don't you
YOU ARE DEAD WRONG - IT IS @BarackObama & PEOPLE LIKE YOU WHO IS UNDERMINING USA @realDonaldTrump #draintheswamp @latimes
didn't Lindsey graham run for president and got less than 1 percent?
@benshapiro come on now Ben
The United States OR democracy.   Seriously, the US isn't a democracy anymore.
seems undermining runs rampant in the world watch @GeorgWebb videos to see yourself Lindsey
no one has disputed the content of his releases. Ever. You, on the other hand, have a less than stellar record of accuracy.
he's blackmailed
We agree on so much! Can you see your way thru to recognizing my need for affordable health care? please.  #CommonParty
Neither are you; I pray the good people of South Carolina will send you packing..you and McCain ride off into the sunset
@RandallBeggs Never thought I would say this, but having you in the senate gives me hope that common sense will prevail.
thank you Senator
@benshapiro congress and senate have 7% approval rating.  Care to comment on that?
@FedUpWNarcissts @LindseyGrahamSC @benshapiro WTF is wrong with the other 7%?
@benshapiro What about Liberty, Mr Graham?  Absent, democracy and the US is soft demo-authoritarianism. NO THANKS.
we are counting on you.
Revealing how the US army shoots and bombs foreign civilians is unfriendly to democracy. Got it. @LindseyGrahamSC @AmericanNumbers
The only undermining has been the corrupt do nothing govt we've had for 30 years/debt is its legacy
@benshapiro America isn't really a friend to democracy. Assange exposed corruption.
But like Putin, he's a friend of Trump
Assange and Putin r ur President's friends.
And you have a record of warmongering
@benshapiro Your susceptibility to hubris leading foreign policy into unanticipated disasters,
& Manichean quality of view of the world, its cowboys-and-Indians, baddies-and-goodies naivety scares me.
@benshapiro Whatever works to keep you frauds honest, so be it. Now get to work on #FullRepeal etc. Suspend the #Filibuster
@benshapiro First of all, nobody cares about anyone other than the US. If the US doesn't want the truth, what do they want?
@benshapiro I thank him for exposing corruption in our government. You don't like what he did? You have something to hide?
He is exposing Corruption and highlights the Truth and that makes him FRIEND to the American People
I think your PEOTUS is no friend to democracy, or this nation. Corruption, foreign influence, insanity
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
At least someone will say the right thing. Again thank you
this coming from an insider carrier politician. Truth does not undermine. American people have been lied to for years
He is a criminal. Trump's buddy.
Niether is @realDonaldTrump
WRONG! You politicians have the record of undermining our USA, our Constitution, and Sovereignty. The world has woke up!

@jeffgoldesq neither is most of  the people we have in office no one a friend unless they agree with the democrats
he is the enemy.
thanks for saying this
thank you Senator
You're going to get thrown out of your party if you keep making sense.
Then Senator, Country before Party or any man, investigate potential Treason & collusion with Russia
@benshapiro So when dark truths are revealed we'll start blacklisting? Great incentive for journalism.
why are you giving in to McConnell??.  Wth?
Thank you for being a decent human being and defending our homeland.
but what are you doing to protect us from this racist sexual predator?
VERY TRUE!
@duhgurlz And is a possible rapist.
Assange should be caught and tried for treason
Assange exposed the Clintons wrong doings on how she and the DNC out of Bernie Sanders. Assange is a Patriot.
The U.S.Politicians have a record of undermining the U.S. Shut the heck up and let the citizens decide who we believe.
tell ur cohorts
@benshapiro because he spilled the beans on the DNC corruption? Sounds more like a whistle-blower than a threat
@benshapiro Neither are you, Lindsey!
And you are? You let in half of Mexico.
Congress, PEOTUS, CIA, need to come to conclusions now, and move on to an agenda to fix our many problems.
And you, Senator, are no friend to conservatism....Assange is actually more believable than most politicians.
@qtelektra worried YOU might be in his cross hairs next?
@clmazin  the fucking president elect is no friend to America
@benshapiro Don't do dodgy things and you have nothing to worry about.
we need to do a deep dive into weapons deals/oil pipelines and payouts. I think we need a serious Senate investigation
Really? Data please
Hiding information from voters is manipulation. Do you deny US knew ISIS funded by Saudi Arabia?
@benshapiro Says Lindsey the traitor and probable man boy lover...(my opinion of course)
@benshapiro I didnt realize he provided leaks to himself. I do believe that a young murdered dnc staffer knew something.
he's also an alleged rapist. You think that would discredit someone but not in America
Great chat w @cnn! Rape & Espionage charges @wikileaks & Assange have no credibility except w/ @realDonaldTrump & @FoxNews
@benshapiro that mother fucker loves pizza....
Mr. 1% you and your opinions are irrelevant, that's why Americans wan't change. Drop the negative views. or lose your job.
@benshapiro The more Wikileaks leaks, the more apparent it is that the mainstream media is simply burying those details.
and you're a rocket scientist. Deep
not "Deep" that's autocorrect. I meant 'Derp'
Come on get with it he is Bff with Trump, Putin & even Sean Hannity. @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity
as a Republican who voted for Hillary thank you.
Perhaps, but he did help keep Clinton out of the White House
when you look into hacking how about also look into leaking at CIA and WH.
@benshapiro he did better than the news.   I will take the truth from Assange.
Hey Lindsey didn't Assange leak you got payments from Hillary?
THERE'S that spine again! Now, about this: http://www.mediaite.com/online/mccain-and-graham-backing-off-push-for-select-committee-on-russian-hacking/ …
@benshapiro it didn't have to be this way.
WHAT A CROCK! If the Clintons & Dems weren't corrupt, Assange wouldn't had to expose them!
The Clintons & Dems rigged the Primary! Bernie Sanders would of beaten Trump!
@benshapiro
thank you. since when is assange a trusted person without agenda? he's not!
who believes you anymore? Please SC, I know he is not the best you have!
You are one of  the moust consistent war rats Contributed to the invasion of Iraq which destroyed stable Iraq!#AssangeHero
say's the imbecile who still thinks Russia interfered with the election.
Disappointed to hear there will be no select committee. Please don't give up.
@benshapiro I don't care if Assange isn't a friend of democracy, because the US is a republic.
But the guy who you guys think is your guy but is really in it for himself said that Asange is ok.
trying to silence a man instead of refuting his arguments shows you fear what he has to say...not that he is wrong
@benshapiro god I hate neo cons
I think Lindsey Graham and John McCain are involed in some unspeakable corruption.
@clmazin so we just ignore the systemic corruption in the dnc and legacy media? How convenient.
@benshapiro Lindsay Graham is part of the problem.
Tell that to Donald Trump -- you know, the guy siding with Russia against his own country that you helped get elected
Why isn't the FBI and CIA investigating Trump's ties to Russia and his money laundering etc. Do you want a crook in the WH?
Thank you for retaining your sanity in the face of what seems widespread GOP neurosis
I agree Assange has hurt the U.S. However, the argument he has undermined democracy is debatable.
