Your very bad bill's failure is well deserved. Passing a bad bill like you proposed, just to support Dotard Trump, deserves such an ending!
I want to question you about why you are willing to take away healthcare from millions of Americans!
Answer: pays for tax cuts for his wealthy donors
Some of GOP senators just said in CNN you were lying to American people about the your bill. You got busted by your own party.
Your bill is dead, man. It's dead.
You lose again
Hey look it's Lindsey Graham with his tail tucked between his legs because the GC bill failed. PATHETIC!!!
Healthcare?  Jesus said "no."
Blumenthal is joke what is this about impeachment wow no voice on Obama ad of impeachnent
bn
 #HealthCareDebate

Why us and not them!? 
What about families of income making 30 thousand a year?
Mr Graham I wish you'll cared more about Hillary or Obama the toughness as you have showed our president. Meullar has conflict ofinterest
BTW all - this is about national security. I’m interested in forward deployments to NOKO so we can keep wining about domestic issues
Even John McCain wouldn’t vote for it
fascism a governmental system led by a dictator having complete power, forcibly suppressing opposition and criticism
socialism that advocates that the means of production distribution & exchange  should be owned or regulated by the community as a whole
I'll take socialism over fascism any day. vote hell no to @GOP across the board..
I'll take socialism over fascism any day. vote hell no to @GOP across the board..
I'll take socialism over fascism any day. vote hell no to @GOP across the board..
Going to be great to see how tax reform goes with the help of @realDonaldTrump . Should be interesting.
Senator ..I saw your comments in support of Sen McCain on cnn...thank you for your leadership ..Godspeed Sir
Layla, you'll get another vote in 2020. Don't waste your vote next time on a LYING-LOSER. . .
Ask them how we can help #PuertoRico as it is an island sitting in the middle of a big ocean!
When will Price be questioned for flagrantly wasting taxpayers $$$ on lavish lifestyle?
Al is not funny use your voice to stop these allegations. How's this bill going for u dispicable this is nothing but a talk about pres.fest
Who really gives a shit?
I'll take socialism over fascism any day. vote hell no to @GOP across the board..
#RepealAndReplace #Obamacare Jesus says "no."
Good news that your Cassidy-Graham healthcare collapsed!
Just wondering: do you get to keep your BRIBE MONEY now that your "healthcare" bill failed?
We should ?? you on accepting Russian money for RNC~~ Don't worry SC Mueller knows, Trump will destroy all of you
Thank you, Sen. Graham for spear-heading the #RepealObamacare effort. Lie you, it's been tough for all of us watching Sen.McCain get so old.

Why can't anyone question you about this grave injustice you're working so hard to perpetrate against our country?!?!
YOU BETTER STRT PACKING AND ALL U IN CONGRES N SENATE OVER TENS YRS. YOUR OUT OF THER WE PATRIOTS WIL SHOW U..U THNK WE CANT WE CAN N WE WIL
YOU want to make my healthcare so expensive I can't afford it which would KILL me! YOU MUST be replaced with a democrat that cares.
Have a wonderful day
You really love talking about yourself.
America elected Trump, and both houses R, please repeal and replace stay on the winning side, support the President
GOP doesn't want to spend taxpayer $$ on healthcare for all Americans, but has no problem keeping #ACA for themselves.
GOP has no problems using taxpayer $$ on private jets, but can't fund #ACA which benefits all. Shameful.
Ask the general whether he is happy with his government-provided healthcare. Tell him it's not a trick question, though.

Hope you're not grilling him about your awful health care bill.
Good - back to something you're good at.
After 8 yrs, the GOP, has been given the greatest of all gifts!
Please don't squander it away!
Yup, Putin gave @GOP greatest of gifts, Donald Trump. GOP great at being the party of NO,
But incapable of governing as majority. Sad.
Hope u question better than answer.
When will you answer my nephew's letter to you about his Purple Heart?  It has been three years.
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
Deadbeat do-nothing Republicans.  I am a Republican. I am totally ashamed of this group. I'm ashamed of the leadership,  everything!
Ask them if they think they would like many veterans to lose their healthcare based on your #GrahamCassidy bill.
Somebody should question you ! Why would you throw our well thought out Health Care Bill for your monstrosity ! Shameful

Jack's off 2 videos of little kids being burned alive by napalm.
A little time out from plotting how to destroy the healthcare system?





I'd like you to question someone about Russian hacking. Or Jared and Ivanka's emails. Or ANYTHING ELSE THAT ACTUALLY MATTERS.
You OK with Putin helping elect Trump by attacking our electoral process? We shd be declaring war on Putin's Rusia!



UNETHICAL DOUCHEBAG!
Get to work stop tweeting


Nobody cares, you are done.
