I know so many people who would be ruined by this. What do you have against regular Americans?
You want to screw your fellow veterans ??  Why wouldn't you want to protect the most vulnerable ?  Pretty sad
To whom did you sell your soul? What price for this slap-dashed, democracy-blasting, lives'-trashing bill iteration, @LindseyGrahamSC?
His soul is owned by the Koch Brothers.
No annual caps and Lifetime limits means I can beat blood cancer. Sadly my govt. will beat me, not this cancer #VoteNoGrahamCassidy

Offering individual deals to individual states to woo individual senators is WRONG. Flawed policy begets flawed tactics. Do better, Senate.

Cannot imagine a worse visual for a health bill polling at 24% than activists in wheelchairs being pulled screaming from a Senate hearing https://twitter.com/JStein_Vox/status/912377457289854976 …
So you're lying again? Please stop.

Please ask Bernie Sanders to go improve Venezuela's helath care if he is so smart. ask socialists how they pay when neighbors run out of $ ?
GOOD LUCK LINDSEY?
Stop sabotaging healthcare
https://twitter.com/MEPFuller/status/912380145121538049 … @Alyssa_Milano @DebraMessing
Wow. 
Lindsey Graham go back to SC and stay. You are uncaring and rich. How dare you do this to America????
We in SC don't want him either!!!!
Please...wake up and just stop already.  The majority of the nation is speaking and we don't want this awful bill to pass.
#NoGrahamCassidy  #NoGrahamCassidy #NoGrahamCassidy  Please listen to the people. Do not destroy our insurance!
Well shut up would ya? Your voice is nothing but crap.

You misspelled lying.
Speaking or lying ? Perhaps the same for you ? Rationalization are still lies - half truths - wink wink nudge nudge say no more .
LMAO... doesn't sound like it went well!!!
Give it up already! Your bill sucks!
You are trying to punish innocent autistic kids with other adults with disabilities for your own gain. I do urge you to spend time with one.
This bill sucks, bro.
You suck. Sellout to your donors and sacrifice millions like me. I'm disgusted with you. You ought to buy a new dress and retire!
@SenatorCollins w/@SenJohnMcCain are never Trumpers who will Force their States Citizens to Pay Unaffordable Ocare Prems or be Taxed!
Dude! Just drop it already!
From an occasional fan, this bill from you is such a disappointment. I like the @LindseyGrahamSC that occasionally has a spine.
So my hope that you'd stop trying to hurt Americans was a waste of time. Sigh.
Too much irony here. Walking away.
Sorry, you are awful.  Do you have any idea how your monstrous bill would affect people?  What is wrong with you?
You are a blight on the health of your people
No one supports this bill. I've never seen such a tone deaf effort.
Actually rich Republican donors support it because it pays for their tax cuts, people's health care be damned
The blood of millions of US citizens will be on your already-tainted hands. Your family, & legacy, must be so proud.
Graham doesn't have any children
Yes, I actually know;why not referenced Yet he still has 'extended' family/will most definitely have a legacy
I truly hope you fail. Liars and cheats.
Don't waste your time. #deadbill
Senator: Where is your support for those wheel-chair bound Americans that were disgracefully dragged out of the halls of Congress today?
So. Speaking isn't the same as "working with". You're a liar.
you now disgust me, you put your entire career and credibility on the line to please the Insane Clown President very, disappointing
I think whoever placed those handicap protesters there should be ashamed for exploiting them (printed t-shirts and smart phones)!
You think your bill stands a chance?
Looks like you lose again! When you try to pass a Shitty bill, this is how it goes. Wise up and improve Obamacare.
You are a shameless man who has no humanity for the American citizens .Your bill kills god have mercy on your soul
You have disgraced yourself.
Now that the money bill has failed. How much money would SC would have received?
Why do u continue to scare us by voting to take our healthcare away instead of working to fix it?  How many repeal votes has this been?
Despicable how such a serious bill is handled. Follow due process, bipartisanship needed and Country informed
That bill of yours is no better than the other ones. Stop trying to hurt American's.
What is your share of the Koch money?
Think about the energy u could have devoted 2 helping people in Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands, Texas, Florida or others hurt by hurric.
When will you GOPers get it? People matter. You spread lies like peanut butter. We didnt a CBO analysis 2 know your Bill would hurt millions
Resist the #grahamcracker bill
Wait, you're no longer calling it Graham-Cracker-Hellmans-Johnson? I have been working on a logo now it's all for nothing.
Your bill is a death sentence for me as a cancer survivor who could not afford $150,000 per year for health insurance.

Do you find it right & ethical that YOUR ONLY committee meeting on YOUR HC Bill was w/Finance Comm & NOT the Health, Ed, Labor, & Pen Comm?
I'm willing to bet you don't have a just answer to that! Keep being partisan instead of working to compromise! I once respected you!
Hey LindSAY!! Get a hold of your boy Trump! He's going to get us all killed!
Most people hate this bill yet your greed will try to push this thru. That's un-American
Let's get it passed
So very disappointed in you! I had truly admired you but no longer. What a sell out.
Disappointed
Pls. stop lying abt ur bill. We all can put 1 & 2 together. We know the content. D lies r more insulting than the disaster that's d bill.
Good luck. You are going to need it.
The ONE meeting to determine 16% of the economy and insurance loss for 25mm US citizens..... so nice of you
You are no better than Trump.  Why do you want to kill 32 million people?
You may very well discover that you're the one who ends up with a stake through your heart. Well, if you had one that is.
Senator.. maybe it’s time for you to go?!? 
Kill the bill
If you were a true friend to McCain you would listen to him.  Take hearings,allow dems in and listen to them. Work 2gether make things right
Graham Cassidy, the Deathbill.
Unfollow
Did you even read this bill
No one wants your cruel bill!
You don't care about details; you care only about your donors! It's such a sad commentary on GOP MORALS? There are none, only $$$.
Time for GOP senators to deliver on healthcare. Come to the round table with Cruz, Paul, Collins etc and amicably resolve the issue. #Unity
If by speaking, you mean lying.

Graham is lying through his teeth 
So you will be bending the truth?
I just drove through Chester County today and can't believe @LindseyGrahamSC and @SenatorTimScott want to take away their healthcare. Sad!

Every one of these organizations opposes the Graham/Cassidy repeal bill. Are you joining them? Reply using #DoNoHarm and tell us why. 
Shameful how your big money donors have turned u from just governing to paying the piper now that bill is due. Shame senator
There are no guarantees the states will provide what those who depend upon the ACA will be provided with anything comparable. Vote no
No information on what this will do to millions of the most vulnerable. No campaign promise is reason to deprive the sick, elderly need you
To vote NO THEN FIX THE ACA far better to work with all of congress to make a better plan that make living in one state=to living anywhere.
Fair healthcare for all.  Preexisting conditions will price most who need healthcare out of the market. Do you wish to be responsible ?
Plz exp, how you're dealing with #preexistingconditions and #maxlifetimecaps ? You can't. Tell that to my granddaughter #SaveMedicaid
Fix healthcare access; don't destroy. From your constituents.
Why do you want so many of your fellow Americans to die? This bill will result in unnecessary deaths.
Really disappointed in you.  Healthcare is more important than politics. Your bill is an embarrassment to this country. It's disgusting.
Because you think America is over-populated and are trying to kill us off?
Stop this health care bill! If you can't represent ALL of America then you should be fired by your boss: Us!

Shhh! Obama isn't president anymore. Let's focus on the current president's treason ok?
@realDonaldTrump only 23% of Americans agree with Graham-Cassidy Bill. 77% OPPOSE IT! LISTEN TO THE VOICE OF THE PEOPLE. #medicare4all
This guy's been bought and paid for he's spineless vote him out of office. He's a threat to the American people
You're going to kill people. Stop.
Sir, you will be remembered as the cruel senator that left millions without health care. Sleep on it.
Quit lying about healthcare. All you care about are your rich donors. You Suck!
Karma
I  watched the http://hearing.You  are evil incarnate and I hope you face every karmic consequence coming your way for trying to do this
Shameful Lindsey Graham I thought you really cared about the American people even though you're a Republican...
#DoNoHarm
Dragging out disabled protestors is not a good look for you guys.
Shame on you, Senator.
Hopefully you are apologizing and telling people to not vote for it...or are there too many panicked people in wheelchairs blocking your way
I notice you didn't do much to provide health services to Women Senator or people with pre existing conditions.
Please EXPLAIN:
https://twitter.com/BanditRandom/status/912396043802644481 …
What is wrong with you? The majority of Americans hate this plan. What are you doing?
Giving more $$ to #Alaska and #Maine sure sounds like a Payoff to @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins for #GrahamCassidyBill #Jimmykimmeltest
Do no harm Senator. Do your damn job for the American people. Tweak the ACA, not repeal it.
Will you tell them how it feels to put political expediency above the health and welfare of your fellow Americans? Go Koch brothers! 
You really shouldn't.
BTW, I always liked that pizza place, go tigers.
Fu
@LindseyGrahamSC READ YOUR COMMENTS! NO ONE OTHER THAN BOTS WANT TRUMPCARE! ONLY BOTS WANT YOUR BILL! NO TAX CUTS! Use for healthcare! FixOC
Passing bad legislation just to pass something shows very poor leadership !
Speaking, but not the truth. Stop trying to lie to us, Senator.
AND You won't answer a simple question for republicans & democrats on #GrahamCassidy Not #MAGA
Ron Wyden asks Bill Cassidy for a yes or no answer whether the bill protects people with pre-existing conditions.…
do something about the price of DRUGS - U can get 50 votes for that!
NO TAX CUTS! TAKE PROFIT OUT OF HEALTHCARE AND LOWER DRUG PRICES. Y OU HAVE TO THINK OUT OF THE BOX!
Oh Lindsey - I just heard you're worried we might spend more on healthcare than military!  What a travesty that would be!
I know Jesus wants us to spend more on killing and weapons than healing. I just know it!  Thank you for your support of death! :/
Where your money is, there your heart is also...
Just stop
KILL THE BILL! WORK WITH DEMS! FIX OBAMACARE! NO TAXES. WE KNOW WHY YOU ARE DOING THIS! LET'S TAKE YOYR HEALTHCARE AWAY FROM YOU!
Nope 
You sir, care about NOTHING but yourself anymore, you are just as spineless as Paul Ryan!
Spoken by a Professional Politician...who apparently responds to Donors (first and foremost)
Shame on u. ONE hearing, no full CBO score on 1/6 of the economy, kickbacks to senators, only 20% approve? What were u thinking?
Your bill is still horrible, in fact its worse.  Bribe a few states at the expense of the rest of the country?  What is wrong with you.
What the hell is wrong with you?????
just a shameful bill
Sir, the American people demand affordable healthcare for all. #medicare4all is the answer.
Medicare/caid "unsustsinable",  but plenty of money to burn for tax cuts for rich? You are detestable slime, Lindsay .
NO TAX CUTS! USE THAT MONEY 4 HEALTHCARE! WE PD INTO HEALTHCARE ALL OUR LIFE NOW I NEED IT AND U WANT TO TAKE IT AWAY. SO EVIL!
Your bill will throw 30 million Americans off healthcare. Your cover up of sabotaging aca & bribery is disgraceful. #medicare4all is answer
Bombs cost infinity more than healthcare on a cost per life saved basis.  How about we save lives peacefully?
Oh and the narrative about not being able to afford necessary services but need to cut taxes is ummmmmm, a sham. Nicest way I can put it.
Almost like you are being intentionally misleading...just like when you lie about what's actually in the bill.
We aren't morons so stop acting like we are.  Loss of life due to no healthcare is NOT fucking acceptable.
And no one is listening.
You just said that ALL of us r in the same boat!! You have better insurance and we pay for it!  How about you get covered under this plan?
Give it up senator! Your bill is a dog! You're pushing legislation that is half as popular as the ACA. You'd better pray it doesn't pass!
Shame on you, dragging taxpayers out of a hearing who protest. You are fraud, people will remember when it's time to vote.
Make sure all of Congress and staffers get this same type of healthcare coverage, after all its for all Americans.
U lying piece of ! Get ur greedy hands off our healthcare! U work for us asshole! Step down & keep ur hands off! I hope all of u are fired!
Yes, let's look at the fact.The professionals in this field say this is a disastrous bill! You R not representing Americans!
Shame
if you cared about our debt even the least bit...you would want to raise taxes, not cut them!
You should work across the aisle to make the corrections needed in the ACA. What, you want to cut taxes to save MCD?? Not logical
PS Healthy people get sick too #KillerGraham
You're such a small testicleless man you sit idly by while people who have little more than their voice to use are arrested
What kind of jaded disposable sloth have you become? How do you look in a mirror and not vomit from what you see?
Nobody want it but you and your cronies
We become Greece if we don't vote for your bs bill???     Lindsey...I think you just want to dress up in a toga!!!
Representing wealthy donors interest over majority of Americans definitely shows you at no Mr. Smith Goes to Washington.
Cut defense spending and stop trying to kill people who are or will get sick.
No thank you 
How can you propose  legislation that will kill  millions of Americans on their own soil? #Deathcare = #grahamcassidy
If you can't stand up to protect the most vulnerable in SC then you have no business calling yourself a United States Senator! #Cassidy
The bill is evil. Sorry @LindseyGrahamSC. People will die. They will lose quality of life. Fix things, don't make them worse.
TURNCOAT...
Kill the bill!!!!!
Just kill it now, before it kills Americans..
Is #GrahamCassidy good enough for Congress, @LindseyGrahamSC @RoyBlunt ?
Dragging American citizens affected by your bill out of the hearing is disgraceful.  As a Republican I'm appalled at this bullying.
Not one health or medical organization will support the POS
Loser bill !
How much are you getting paid?  You're usually "low energy". Something is making you come alive and it's not this bill.
Save your breath.  It sucks and you know it.  Why not spend a FREAKING MOMENT on helping Puerto Rico?  That would actually be of vital help!
NO. Stand down you ghoul.
Why don't you let some experts speak. We don't care about the hot air coming out of your mouth.
I don't have any words to describe you anymore.  I leave it up to God, he sees you .
give it up, bro
#SCB4CNN
Why rush such important legislation?  Doesn’t that seem strange?  We want bipartisan solutions! #CountryOverParty 
Maybe try speaking some truth this time.
We will not forget!! Unless you start using @realDonaldTrump methods of distraction that pore gas on fires already smoldering.
Don't waste your breath, Senator. It sucks. You should've done better.
Doesn't KILLING Republicans & Democrats with #GrahamCassidy go against what your parents taught you? #Koch #DrainTheSwamp
More lies?
You can’t even look them in the eye while taking away their care Those protesters are 1000x more brave than you will ever be #killergraham
Hope you proud watching those disabled folks being dragged out.
Lindsey. What's it tell you when you have absolutely no support from the medical groups in this country? Who are you shilling for?
LIAR
How are CEOs of healthcare companies pay based on profit margins and earnings. No where in available data is level of care mentioned.

Haha where's your friend now. John McCain screwed you now, how do you like it?
