@delta @airfrance So the message is it's NOT SAFE to fly in Japan/Korea/China region?
More lies... it must be coming from your mouth. You are a democrat all the waY!!!
Tillerson suggest closing State department Cyber office top Cyber official to exit http://www.politico.com/tipsheets/morning-cybersecurity/2017/07/18/top-state-cyber-official-to-exit-leaving-myriad-questions-221386 … We have a five alarm fire here
How is he supposed to do that when you feed Dem narratives/ one-sided investigations...would've been nice if you hit Dems 1/10 as hard
the REAL threat to world PEACE is actually the US and it's mighty military complex.
2/ @GOP Many ppl will support a *moderated* Pence over this. Not radical theocracy - - *moderated* Pence.

Lindsey can't stay off CNN, NO wonder nothing get's done in Congress. SC start looking now for a Republican to run against Lindsey!
Mud, all you are good for is talking points. Ok maybe not even good at that.
you interview with fake news this shows us your not for the people or this http://country.You  have turned in to a traitor
You belong on CNN.  Just right for you.  Hypocrite
Nobody of consequence watches CNN
Maybe mention the threat @potus poses to us
Maybe mention the threat posed to Americans that watch CNN JOURNALISTS LIE TO THE PEOPLE
Psycho warmongering Graham.

Graham is the threat not NK. U don't represent Americans and must be stopped and thrown in a cell for good.
I agree fully with sen Graham. We can't gamble
Don't worry. Trump said he'll handle  North Korea... in between golfing and eating chocolate cake. He'll get to it.
I see you have had your cake today!
How about the threat from our illigitimate president? #ImpeachTrump
Says a lot and so does STOCK MARKET
No doubt you'll be pushing for us to go to war....you always do.
Will you say that when L.A. Is burning?
I cant support you anymore!
It appears you either want to be president WHICH YOU ARE NOT or you like seeing yourself on CNN.  DO YOUR JOB, YES YOUR JOB then cast stones
1/ @GOP Moderate Rs, reasonable Rs, you have *got* to get your party back, for everyone's sake. This admin must go. Must. Danger to us all.
@GOP Don't get it twisted: You can't separate from dt w/o removing him. Anything that happens from threats is on entire party, not just dt.
Try speaking w/ your party re threat from the WH. Threat from NK, and everywhere else, goes nowhere w/ this disaster WH.  And y'all know it.
I thought CNN was fake news
How about you talk about the statements he made about Congress, its impact, and his business success in response? Aren't you tired of it??

Didn't you hear? Trump is the handliest handler who ever handled North Korea.
Where are the Trump detractors, suggesting Russian collusion? #trumpthat
You are a very evil man and a monster
What happened to diplomacy? Where is Tillerson?
No one wants war but if it's us or them I choose them. Our military is the best in the world. They understand the oath they took.
If we could have stopped 911 with pre-emptive strike or Pearl Harbor I think we would have. Do we wait until we are hit? That's the gamble
Why Senator, would you go on the Corrosive News Network? CERTAINLY NOT the most trusted name in news! Watch out for the spin!
Lindsey, how come you didn't persuade your buddy McCain to vote for the repeal and replace bill??
He is truly THE RINO!
Why do you senators have so much time for TV appearances but can't seem to do your jobs?
This moron is going to get is in the war leave it to the professionals do you negotiate with North Korea
Topics: Trump sucks but should follow my advice, block grants, McCain/ Unable are buddies, blow up Asia, fatigue chasing camera operators.
The lower than snake shit stories produced by the Hillary supporters, her mainstream funded media houses, they are all fucking low IQ fools.
LOSER !
You're misguided if you believe anybody cares what you think/say. You've let down the millions of conservatives across America.
I would respect you more if you discuss the threat coming from the White House!
Glad to see you're going on CNN today. Your message needs to reach a broader audience instead of always preaching to the choir.
Like others, I feel 45 is OUR N.Korea. Just a damn bomb waiting to  go off.
I am truly sorry,
but I simply do not believe what you are saying re N. Korea. The #GOP has not challenged #TrumpRussia. Too many lies.
Twice you mentioned "Madeleine Albright dancing with North Korea". Apparently you have a secret desire to dance with her. Idiot.
@madeleine
#SigntheSanctions #SigntheSanctions Senator,this is NOT OK! No matter what u were promised! Stop acting kompromised!

Good job Senator Graham
The only effective solution to the NKorea problem is a high pressure low volume field grade tactical nuclear bomb targeting Pyongyang!
Your vote for the skinny repeal was a much larger threat to American lives than the North Koreans are.
Don't bomb anyone today.  I want to go out for lunch.
Wow. You've come a long way from " batshit crazy" to backing Trump as if he is stable, experienced/measured leader. Stop beating drum to war
You did fantastic!
Oh how you would love to call Trump a war monger. Not today sunny boy
Yeah, exterminate all the Koreans! Am I right?
You speak...we see...🖓
China needs to decide what they want - millions of refugees from NK, or radiation fallout if NK goes nuts. China is the key to this.
What nasty things will you say about your president?
Few Americans have the stomach for more wars that have no clearly defined AND clearly achievable goals. Please dial down the rhetoric.
You blue bell. You are a threat to America.
We have our own nutjob at the helm here, are you scared yet?
So remember when you told Chuck Todd that now we will have a moral president?  How's that working out for you?
Will you be addressing President Trump's inability to lead us through a crisis?
And also the fact that he largely created this crisis?
#ForeverGIBill please ask for this bill to come to the floor
I'm sure you'll say some brilliant shit.  They should rename Charleston to Charlatan.
Great. Deflecting for trump again so he can try not to be impeached.
I trust you'll be a bit more reassuring than you were yesterday...Please.
What about threat from you? Will that be discussed?
I'm not concerned about N Korea, I'm afraid of Trump
GOOD WEDNESDAY, Sen.LindseyGRAHAM, of South Carolina, Armed Services Committee/Judiciary Committees,
Don't think you're going unnoticed there Lindsey Graham.
Lets worry about tax cut and healtchare! Oh wait you cant get that passed so I am sure N Korea nothing will be done #worstsenateever
How about the threat from 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.?  When will you address that for us?
All talk No action senator :)
Please, please tone down the convo.  Your comments yesterday were NOT helpful, Senator Graham. 
The threat from deep state traitors like you is worse
ITS ABOVE YOUR PAY GRADE.
