Americans hate this bill & will hate you if you pass it, no matters how you spin it. Think carefully before you trust Ryan to bail you out.
RHINO, Swamp Dwellers, all 3. Demand th/Congress be on the same Health Care Plan as the American people  then we'll see some bipartisanship!
Please quit trying to destroy healthcare and kill helpless people who depend on Medicaid. McCain did the right thing, not it is your turn.
@LindseyGrahamSC @senjohnmccain @SenRonJohnson VOTE NO. You cannot trust Ryan! He has canceled recess!
Ah yes, I recall this. "Skinny repeal is a disaster and a fraud".. and you said YES, that'll work for all. Wtf man?! You have no spine!
Why do you hate ordinary Americans so much?
These clowns in the swamp dont care about the people they care about is getting their pockets filled u left 44 get away with it#FXIT
No no no no no!!!  Kill it!
Senator Graham, you called tbis bill a fraud and a sham. You need to be a man of conviction and put country over party and vote NO!
Come on man you're giving all of power to the House ?! How stupid is this !!!!!!!!!!!!
Obama pulled this shit & now hard working middle class is paying for all those people that don't want to work premiums out of control#FIXIT
U think premiums r bad now? Well, they could always be made worse instead of made better. And before obamacare a lot of folks had no option!
Bring us li'l ppl,HOPE,Again! Order,Again! You Can Do this! Stand Up,for Us! I Pray,that Universe, gives you...Wisdom, Compassion..Love
Tell Maverick, I Trust Him,to Get Trump Out! I Know,u Both Know,that something is NOT RIGHT with Trump! I love ALL humans,but I am scared
Help us have PEACE again. Idk much,but I know,when Obama was in,there was ORDER. Now McCain,has to Call for Order! Help us!!!
Please,I am just a nobody,but,Please, Hear me! I trust you,and I am a Dem! Please, get those angry ppl,out of WH,ACT NOW! Luvu!
Yes, "skinny ACA" is stalking horse for worse plans. But it's also awful on its own. Less coverage, more costs:
@LindseyGrahamSC you're a closet Democrat, deal with your denial
I will be waiting to see u and Sen McCain, say,to our incredible Journalists... We are joining Dems,to Impeach Trump!
I Believe in YOU,because I FEEL, that you Care! Forget Money,forget Politics, Just Get Trump Out Quickly! It is Important to act NOW
Talk to McCain, talk to everyone u know, but Please.. Get Trump and his weird family... OUT. U KNOW, they are awful folks
Lindsey,I am asking you, to Get Trump Out,before, something Really awful happens. He is too Angry,to be a http://POTUS.help  us
Lindsey,Trump just Threatened to Stop payment to insurance companies, if he does not get a health care vote
Bunch of  Rinos gotta go
@TGowdySC #TGowdyForSenate2020
What r u clowns in DC doing? MC America is dealing w/ outrageous premiums & u clowns are worried about ur power not the people#dourjobs
Sad  that you will vote for a "skinny repeal" that you label a fraud. That is absolutely irresponsible & careless with others' lives!
You all lied never had a plan all along or your undermining our POTUS your screwed Graham we live in SC everyone we talk to voting you out!
"Skinny Repeal" is a FRAUD, like you stated but a bigger fraud is you really expecting Ryan to do the right thing. BULLSHIT.
Please don't vote for the bill..this is your moment... we r all counting on you #dotherightthing
Please be a hero and vote no! Listen to your own words!
Meaningless.
Your my prayers. Please if nothing else let's listen to both sides. When we go to the DR They won't ask if we were for or against the bill!
Please remember everyone NEEDS & DESERVES QUALITY healthcare at a affordable rate! I must be honest & admit I have NO IDEA HOW to.get there!
Not brain surgery competition is half the answer like any industry other half is getting these clowns in swamp to do what they get paid for
@JohnJHarwood
@SenRonJohnson said
"Almost nothing we're doing is addressing these (#healthcare) problems! VoteNO #SkinnyBill
mandate is #ProtectOurCare
Disgusting RINO.  Your days in Washington are numbered.
Lay off my president. You just lost my vote.
Will there be snacks? 
#summerofhell
Skinny repeal keeps the ACA but makes all the problems worse.
"Why I caved to Trump", a tragedy in three acts.
"We are very concerned by this process, which has been so bad & violates so many Senate norms, but will - with great reluctance- vote yes."
Why does he hate ordinary Americans so much?
Will they come our dressed as the Grim Reaper?
So a presser after they vote yes to try and explain why.
yes McCain too
They are going to vote yes. House will pretend conference for a couple days and then vote on unchanged senate bill. #baitandswitch






I hope you will be rejecting this so called skinny bill that NO OnE has seen.  This is now way to legislate !!!!
You mean the "skinny repeal" that the American Medical Association just came out against? ...
The worst
More fake headshaking. But ultimately, a yes on skinny repeal.
He awarded Medal of Valor to congress/baseball shooting officers. Read speech from speechwriter so it was somewhat coherent.
