We have money for bombs and weekly golf trips for Trump .But no money for meals on wheels .womens health care etc
We need to defeat ISIS and protect America and democracy. We don't NEED to provide abortions etc for women, nor should we.
So bombing people OK (if perceived to be the enemy, albeit a few innocent bystanders); women having control of their bodies not OK. Gotcha!
Bombing terrorists is necessary and just. I'm not saying abortion should be illegal but the government shouldn't fund it
And my tax dollars shouldn't have to go to an abortion provider even if it doesn't go to abortions themselves. Gov should fund other clinics
I don't want my tax dollars going to war, among other things.
You don't want to defeat ISIS? Okay let's just let radical Islamists blow up our ally Israel, kill Jews and Christians, and kill Americans!
Defeating radical Islam and having a stable world is necessary for America's survival. Peace through strength. 
No bomb should be named "mother." You guys are crazy. He's going to get us annihilated. Go ahead. Cheer him on. What a freaking mess.
Not a success, unwarranted and unneeded. Same as the fireworks show in Syria.
yay! Killing! How about putting as much effort into making life better for people in US?
Meanwhile you're trying to investigate Susan Rice for doing her job but not doing anything to investigate Trump. #complicit
What are u doing to ensure safety here? Do u back LE? Our first line of defense? How do u ensure they are supported? Haven't seen u mention.
great PR... million dollar weapon and it made a really big hole in an otherwise deserved mountain. Obama would have been basted for this
Trump bombed them, but didn't the planes take off the next day anyways??
You're just wrong.  There is nothing to celebrate here.
And who was it that said "we aren't the world's policeman"??  Guess that was a lie like everything else out of DT's mouth.
That US money helped build... nice work hawks. *slow clap*
SAFE HAVENS,,,,like the ones in the US for illegal immigrants, ,,MOAB the cities also?
With all due respect, they sent a bomb to destroy tunnels that does not destroy tunnels -- it blows up in the air.  What was the point?
love my president!!!!
Funny that. The former President of Afghanistan didn't see it that way.
that's cute but our president is already playing golf.
The fact that you felt the need to clarify that tells us that you know it was a waste of resources.  #trumpisajoke
And supporting @GOP pissing contest. @potus has set it up so he is distanced from any action by giving carte blanche to Gen'ls. VERY SCARY!
36 possibly dead.  That is a big deal?     One bomb is an isolated place
Trump profited off the bombs!
We continue to kill civilians?? How is this humane??
The deploying of #MOAB is to safely get 45's collusion with Russians, his taxes and his failures off the front page. Damn, it worked.
Are you kidding me. Imagine all the golf trips that bomb would have paid for
You mean the ones the CIA built for the mujahedeen?
But worth $15 million?  I'm not so sure.
Wrong message sent.
They must have had some sophisticated digs
Keep dancing.
where was the success? Where was the damage?  What exactly was the point?
when the Trump train gets derailed in an epic fiery blaze, you're going down w/ it. Still time to be on right side of this.
Truth?  You have to love it? Yes?
Bullshit. It did NOTHING. And you know it.
Keep lying to yourself, Senator. The rest of us aren't falling for it
Well I will give it to you, when you decide to sell out you go all the way.  We will just have to see how that works out for you.
Shut up. The money that bomb cost could have changed thousands of lives. Instead, you've helped ensure that this war won't be ending soon.
NO LIVES MATTER?should send Donnie Jared Ryan McConnell urself n more Refu... with the next bomb strike  kill 2 birds w/1million $ bomb
Maybe so but deploying $300+million in one bomb to get rid of 36 terrorists is a horrible waste of money!
Again I think it's very interesting and telling that he calls it ISIL which is what obama followers call it and not ISIS 
Now about that whole transparency in gov't thing should a president under a CI investigation be closing the visitor logs? #Trumprussia
And how long you can distract from treason and delay impeachment.
Absolutely. And it's being reported no civilians were killed unlike previous drone strikes.
I hear your disappointment too, Lindsey
Then where DOES body count fit in?
Right. How can you say that with straight face? $16 mill ordinance and those "havens" cost...what...$18.25?
If the policy of your party and president were really "America First", Sir, you would hear the public outcry to avoid war. AVOID WAR.
Stop defending a failed administrator. Grow a pair & lead the Repub back to serving the people
Why are you defending this ?
No, I think it is bodies.....
trump is a loser and a traitor and an illegitimate potus
trump is a loser and a traitor and an illegitimate potus
Agreed. However, it's too bad it wasn't more.
What is the largest employer in South Carolina? What's that? Ft. Jackson? No wonder you, too, want war
Whatever helps you sleep @ night.
And it would be super neat if the Pentagon would release that info to the American people so we'd know if it was a success.
Isis not isil
And a happy Easter weekend to you, too. So life- and love-affirming. Cuz we know that JC was all about bombing the crap out of people.
You're really focused on this big bomb, what's up with that?  By the way, how big are your hands?
How many civilians did we kill?
0
You're crazy. You and the nut in Chief are going to get us all killed.
How many American students could have benefited from the price of this one bomb?
How hard is it for them to re-dig a tunnel?  You're asking us to pay millions while giving the enemy new fodder for recruitment videos.
Sen. Graham, or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying about Russian Interference and Love the Bomb
Distraction #trumprussia
What's the strategy?
You don't gain peace from bombs or war.
Has that been confirmed?
Wow that logic really worked well in Vietnam
Yemen mission failed. Syria-18 allied troops were killed. Airbase strike in Syria-ineffective. Now this. Stop cheerleading impulsive .@POTUS
The left is schizophrenic. First crying about the dead, then laughing because there is not enough dead. #Resistance is sick
No respect for you. Right=rep left=demo. I cry for humanity. Women and children and the aged. I cry for the Syrians. But, never laughed. Fu!
Are You talking to me? Who are you?
You are just like the dictators minoroty party ruling over majority your time will come
Welcome to WWIII
Stop the cost of MARALAGO vacations at taxpayer expense. Enough of the waste by DJT and his family while Veterans and poor need those funds.
Glad for Gen Mattis
where is the footage Senator Graham? Tunnels and Caves blown up? Show US!
Um no
2018:  get him out or have your resume ready.
He up in 2020... we in SC needs someone better to step forward.
Well, he works for us.  We can make it a LONG 3 years for him.
It seems your mouth has finally overloaded your brain. #sad
Why is it that when I read your tweets I hear your Alfalfa voice in my head reading them to me? It makes these pro-war ones more tolerable.
You love war. Pads your pockets. We still want answers to #TrumpRussia because these distractions don't work.
Yeah, success. Creating even more terrorists. The definition of insanity - continuing to elect people like Graham.
Are days of our Prez trotting out RUS propaganda/disinfo & tentacles of FSB into the WH also coming to an end?
Keep telling yourself that.
Stop defending him. It makes you complicit.
So tell us again, when are you up for reelection? Asking for a friend.
love it
The success of #ACA is increasing # of people that will have medical coverage not destroy #Obamacare #healthcare system get to work Lindsey!
Eff u RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
Terrifying that impulsive, ignorant Trump has started playing with weapons of mass destruction
Disappointed @LindseyGrahamSC
Very
I sure hope it's not body count, half million per IS member is steep. Everyone knows it's just Donnie flexing muscle. "Leadership"
How much of a control center was it that only had 36 people in it
but during Holy Week Mr Graham? You cannot rationalize that away sir. Shame on anyone that tries
DO YOUR JOB. #IndependentInvestigation
Drop one on the GOP and solve the problem once and for all - a $360M bomb - only Trump and the GOP could justify this.  You're all insane.
#BuildABombShelter #BuildABombShelter #BuildABombShelter #BuildABombShelter #BuildABombShelter #BuildABombShelter 
I don't think you want to even be around after the bombs fly. Read up on nuclear war
Don't we have bunker busters for that?
Calling BS
Every military expert said there was cheaper and more effective munitions to be used. $300 mill for a dick measuring contest with NK is sad!
Bombs away, right Lindsey?
Says the warmonger who should have whiplash by now after all his vacillations on Trump.
Just investigate Trump-Russia and stop chasing distractions.
until troops get there which u no doubt will approve shortly. hypocrite
You destroyed tunels build by you and american money
And a media bounce for our Esteemed Leader who reminds us not to investigate Russia! #trumprussia #TrumpColluded
i had to follow you JUST based on your @ and Twitter name
Uh, the MOAB is not a bunker buster. It's a $300mil distraction by @realDonaldTrump who has a preoccupation with size.
