
Pro- Life? Really?
Hard Pass.  FOX is fake news.  You're going down in #2020.  You've wallowed in the mud w/the immoral swine. #GrahamCassidy #NOGrahamCassidy
What happened to serving the good of fellow man? It's clearly apparent "we" don't matter.
Nothing matters but getting Trump out of office now! America is scared! Do something about that!
I'm one of your constituents. Why should we watch you discuss your attempt to sneak a bill thru to destroy our healthcare?
Lindsey, please read the letter from Lenard W. Wahlert.  It reflects clearly what many of us conservs think. We're being disenfranchised.
Hotsy & totsy are your base it won't help to talk to idiots they are brainwashed.
You need to try & save your Butt from #Recall for this Son
Ash A**HOLE Graham why the GRANTS 2 STATES WERE CUT BILLIONS and they want states to do healthcare with less funds never will happen
All this bill will do 4 GRAHAM &his CRONIES IS GETTING MEDICADE MONEY 4 TAX BREAKS 4 THE 1%..just wait when they start on TAX REDUCTIONS,,
What a bunch S*** Graham is spewing out BIG LIES..he says it’s people who want socialism..NO HE IS GOING TO KILL THOUSANDS..STATES BLAMED
#TrumpRussia #RussiaGate #PutinsPuppet #NaziBucketChallenge #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Will you be using THAT SAME DEATHCARE PACKAGE FOR YOURSELF AS COVERAGE? #TheResistance #25thAmendmentNow #FucktheGOP
Countries like France Germany Ireland Spain Italy have figured out health care. Why don't we have a Congress as smart?
Turncoat Graham
real cross section of America that. white people asking white people questions about what white people want

Should we be thanking you for ur goal to make people with medical conditions suffer more so you can keep majority in congress? Ty?
Coward. Go on a real news program or are you throwing people under a bus so you can get a Koch backslap? #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Shame on you for this so called healthcare bill.
#GOPMediaMachine lies
this is ABOUT human beings. You have the best of insurance paid for by the tax payers. but you will deny us reg folk the same

Watch and learn. Your ideas about healthcare are WRONG!!!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEc3TcUxDFI …
Why are U turning on the pp. Serious mistake. U will not recover from this mistake. The entire nation is feeling betrayed & lied to 4 GREED.
Fox & Friends is a laughingstock. Why do you Republicans persist in interacting with Fox news?  They are considered the top of faux news.
Why give someone like you a platform?
No congressional hearings, no analysis by CBO. You are the swamp. Republicans are even more pitiful than Dems. Really bad govt & policy.
Great outlet for your lies. Who else would provide you a forum to promote your bs?
You mean with "crotches and legs"? Some audience you have there buddy!
I'm sure your "audience of 1" the president is watching don't worry.
Liars.  All you care about are tax cuts for the rich and you know it.
Please go discuss your bill with people who will ask you honest, hard questions rather than people who will do little but fluff your ego.
on fox and friends
Go on @Morning_Joe and defend this garbage. #chicken

A bill -- finalized yesterday, has not been scored, amendments not allowed, and 3 hours final debate -- should be viewed with caution.
No way
You mean lying on fox and friends...
Part of your bill repeals pre-existing illnesses. I'm a 2 time cancer survivor, pass this and I will do everything to get you out of office.
@LindseyGrahamSC I am have given up on you. Looking forward to midterms and beyond when we can repeal & replace the GOP. #GOPcorruption
Shut up!!!!!
Let us see how these tribal GOP, anti-WtP, liars want to destroy the USA healthcare system with Dumb and Dumber:
as a resident of Columbia SC, you @LindseyGrahamSC are a lying shameful http://coward.you  don't just fail the Kimmel test. u fail all
I want to know why Mueller can pick locks and track back 11 years what a witch hunt congress is letting him do. One sided!!
And listen to you push the "GOP hates poor people, no-Health for you!" agenda? No thanks.
You're a liar and a fraud. Give up your healthcare.  Shame on you and shame on the Republican party.
Would rather shave with a butcher's knife.

you lost your soul a long time ago
Time to repeal and replace Lindsey Graham
Your healthcare bill is deplorable. You should be ashamed that you will kill millions of people. You are deplorable.
http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/trump-twitter-blocked-a-woman-with-stage-4-cancer/ar-AAsgPIT?li=BBnbcA1 …
You should tune in to CONSTITUENTS! If your hateful take health care away bill passes EVERYONE SUFFERS! 2018 can't come soon enough!
Why are you doing this hateful thing?!?! Why are you trying to hurt millions of Americans? Why? just answer  that!Why@LindseyGrahamSC
This is most shameful act--88% of Americans hate the GOP bill. This is not about health but about midterm elections. Disgraceful politicians
You're a liar.kill kids.kill elderly.for your rich donors.lie to ignorant fox viewers. Shame on you so called Christian.
If your bill passes, poor people will die. Is that your goal? You can and will be replaced!!!
Are used to listen to what you had to say until this ridiculous bill that does nothing helpful except for insurance cos.
now you're in the grifter class. What drove you completely off the track?Koch $. Surely not dumb trump. Evil
Fake news - who's listening?  Not many
If you really believe in #grahamcassidy, defend it outside your echo chamber.
ICYMI
If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 

Hospitals come out against new ObamaCare repeal bill http://hill.cm/ecWaagw  
Did you tell them this?
America & the world watch you and your hateful attempts 
to ruin American health care and cause millions to die early.

You're Anti-American
The walking dead are following you everywhere GRAHAM, right into your dreams we walk, haunting eyes beg you Why? Boney fingers clutch at
your clothes, shredding them exposing the hole where your heart was, crying out Why?Why did you kill us?We will haunt you all your days left
Why are you sayisfied with a bill that will kill me & my husband? You are the empires with no clothes & history will remember you for that!!
Get down to ur constituents n talk to them, stop the @foxandfriends or any tv BS
Come out of the closet. Maybe your mean and hateful attitude toward humans would ease up.
Repub healthcare, taking away healthcare from every man, woman, and child in ID, HI, ME, NH, RI, MT, DE, SD, AK, ND, VT, DC, WY, WV & NE
Repeal and Replace Lindsey Graham. #Resist #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Most if not all of Congress has a preexisting condition but you don't have to worry about that do you? You exempted yourselves
No. You are a traitor to democracy. Your bill to take away health care from millions is abominable
Your plan sucks.  would let states opt out of key Ocare regulations, including pre-existing conditions protection
Shame on you, Lindsey!  The bill is a disaster to all of your constituents.  You knew better and still persist.  Where is your honor?
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/20/jimmy-kimmel-bill-cassidy-obamacare-repeal-242932 …
Ur bill will harm our veterans along w/our most vulnerable & millions of Americans. Fear socialism & liberal ideas?No one is buying ur lies!
This is all about tax cuts for the rich. U r selling out ur own country & putting our lives in danger for $! We will NEVER EVER forget!

Scared to go on a Real News Show?
How much do they pay you to tweet about them every day?
No.

Interesting that you have time to "speak" on FoxNews when your mouth is constantly full of c*ck. #oldqueen
shame on you.
Sell out
Why do you hate America senator?

No thanks!

Even the American Medical Association opposes your bill! Stop the attack on our healthcare!
I wonder what you think is going to happen to you if this "bill" passes? I think youll be Richly rewarded for what you'll have done
Well at least it has a name now...Yours.
Safe harbor huh? https://www.bcbs.com/news/press-releases/blue-cross-blue-shield-association-statement-graham-cassidy-health-care-reform …
Let us know if they can find your integrity, you lisping handbag
youre and your party are evil. You try over and over again to take away people's healthcare. That is not ok. You and GOP will be replaced.
You're a despicable worm. SHAME ON YOU & your cruel heathlcare bill. #yourgodiswatching #shame #GrahamCassidy
Please don't insult liberals.
The truth is not a liberal talking point.
Truly thought you were going to be a champion for all Americans including young, poor, old, sick ... so wrong #PeopleBeforeParty
#autism
Yeah I'd rather watch paint dry.
Stop doing this terrible thing, Lindsey.
Very disappointed in you and u r putting your buddy @SenJohnMcCain in an awkward spot to get his vote. Do the RIGHT thing - not this!
Fox & friends aka ass kissers  Why don't you come on Rachel Maddow, Anderson Cooper or Lawrence O'Donnell & explain yourself. Man up!
Your bill will leave millions of people uninsured due to high charges for those who are overweight, have diabetes, high blood pressure, etc.
Spreading lies with liars, way to be a stereotypical politican.  Stealing from the poor to help the rich while you are at it?
Cassidy keeps refusing to answer the question.  How much with healhcare cost if you have a pre-existing.  keeps saying - ACCESS TO!!
@LindseyGrahamSC As u refuse 2 work as one congress in name of @gop for political ends. I will not bother to Tune in , but I will vote
Not likely.
I hope the families of those who die as a result of this send you little packets of their loved one's ashes so you see the harm you bring.

Nope thank you ..... you are evil


You're a dishonest person caring more about party politics than the health and well-being of citizens. This bill is a disgrace

There is no selling this but if you do, it will be the point voters mark as your demise. Only right you would push this on Fox News.
so it only took $400 million to make you sing another tune ...  and kill your constituents?

Still no CBO score, no debates, no amendments
You'll cheer when PsychoPotus signs the death warrant for millions of Americans. The death warrant you helped write.
TrumpCare = Death #ACA #Trump #ImpeachTrump #Obamacare
Please stop. You are hurting people. Meet Zach #GrahamCassidyِ #SaveACA
Shameful, people with pre-existing conditions get screwed by state by state protections. All those newly insured screwed unprotected!
You are such a disappointment. Why do you want to screw people out of healthcare. Hopefully @SenJohnMcCain stays strong against this crap
I'll admit that you had me fooled. I thought, for a brief moment, that you were a decent human. Shame on the both of us.
You pass this bill & the Rep Party will no longer be. Trump Care will crush Trump  & those that voted for this plan. @realDonaldTrump
No Thanks!
Pass.
Hey Senator Graham: Maybe take your own advice?
A bill -- finalized yesterday, has not been scored, amendments not allowed, and 3 hours final debate -- should be viewed with caution.
We see you, dude.
But you said Fox and Friends?!? Why would I listen to that tripe?
The ratio on this is quite telling. Guess you need to up your bot game.

No conserv who cheers ripping away the insurance for babies born with critical diseases (for tax cuts) can EVER claim to be pro-life again.
#Propaganda
No, you mean, "I'm speaking to daddy Trump and saying things that will get him to like me".
I wanted to believe you had integrity, but now you've revealed to be someone only dedicated to destroying ACA- for political reasons.
Evil speaks
I was starting to believe you had a soul but after this evil healthcare law, no. Guess big pharma and insurance companies slipped you some $
Thanks to your bill, between costs for pregnancy & losing coverage for MI, I might never be able to afford the family I've always wanted.
I am so disappointed in you, Senator. How dare you craft and support this bill and call yourself pro-life.
If Obama did nothing in 8 years then why are u guys spending all your time undoing his work??
You flip flopped in 4 months.

All that's changed in 4 months is simply that you put your name on the Bill like a dog marking its territory.
You are cruel.  Go to hell
How are these fools going to react when they are in the minority. Remember how they are acting now and last 8 years.
Senator.  Time to venture out of the Fox echo chamber. & I f you are really worried about socialism, why not repeal Medicare first? No on CG
After drafting this awful Healthcare bill, I have lost all respect for you. You are a loser, just like Trump, and republicans will pay.
And don't you dare call yourself a Christian! Read Matthew 25:40 "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren,
Ye have done unto me."  I suggest you read up on your Bible!
The new GOP health care bill is heartless and will leave over 30M Americans without affordable coverage. Having "access" is NOT insurance!
Graham goes on the propaganda channel so his master can see him. Smile for don you worthless  morales traitor.
Nah.
Lindsey, you should do a twitter vote on whether people want Socialism or Federalism, then use that to decide ur vote
I bet you didn't tell them THIS...
Going to talk about your crap health care plan?
So I can hear you can talk up your bullshit "healthcare" proposal?
No thanks.
Will you talking about the 400 million the Koch boys are paying you asshats to throw Americans under the bus? Hell awaits you Lindsey
You go girl!
Your only avenue to the president? We need national healthcare ...federally funded, state funded by a small increase in tax. 75% approval
Why?  To watch you tout putting lives in jeopardy at the behest of your 1% clientele?

How does it feel to be forced to support a prez that has publicly embarrassed you?
Disgusted w/GrahamCassidy.Millions off roles.Higher prems for midclass.Lifetime caps.No protection for preexisting. A disaster yr signature
Ate you afraid to take this piece of garbage you are pushing to real network?
On his knees before Trump. Sad.
