If they do, it will be the last term they sit in office
Amerika v/s north koriya&India v/s pakistan chaina is vilan Rolls becuse Amerika donot ledar in world &chaina become world ledarship
Atambum Hidrosan,new clier teknoloji Northkoriya vaya pakistan All halp is chaina plese undrstand my firand RU Alert&Amerika country thanks
If you were half as smart as you think you are you would have just built on what Obama did and taken the credit for the whole thing.
Some will. McCain won’t. Rand Paul won’t. Susan whatsherface won’t. There’ll be enough to ensure anything you propose won’t pass. 2018!!!!
Why do this guy hate Obama soon much
Me to
And I respect all that you stand for thank you for all your help you are great
#WorstPresidentEver
I can't believe my eyes and ears.
My state has a horrible maternal death rate, yet wouldn't accept Medicare expansion. I don't WANT Texas to control my healthcare!
They're mostly for themselves. Fat chance and slim chance mean the same thing
Single payer universal healthcare like every other developed country in the world please!
Its all about pocketing $$ ! You care nothing about human beings ! Psychopath ! YOU are diabolical and sick !
Sure Donald and then money goes into pockets of politicians and rich friend. You lie sir.
Tom Price needed correction. Officer Turner, yes! Our flag and anthem, yes! Congrats on the new grandson. Love to Melania and Barron.
SB
sb
sb
Another loss You are the best and biggest looser ever to hold the office of POTUS This tax thing is just another gambit charade Lose again 
How is all of that winning going for ya POS?
No won't happen we are not stupid!!!
Puke. This would be disastrous for me. I am a PRE-EXISTING CONDITION.
The bill is dead. Never going to be enough votes. HA HA HA HA HA HA HA Stupid fucking 
What happened to "congress shall pass no law" they should have to use the same health care they are providing us, it would change quickly
Each once of them should be expected to show the pork they have placed in the bill, then see where it goes
You are a great american! I love white people and guns!
Not a good idea DT. If your decisions were based on what people need instead of what companies need.... we'd be right behind you.
Sad how little support this president is receiving from his own party.  Maybe we need to elect different Republicans.
Come on 45 with your bad self tell the people the truth what your healthcare plan is you rough and tough with your Twitter this your chance
You would much rather see people die then they do what a president should do if they help the countries that need help
The only reason you're not over there to help Puerto Rico out is because you can't get your wall built tell the people the truth
So you don't went to bribing people to agree to something that they know is not right you are a bomb you care for nobody but yourself
Obama will be the first person to say Obamacare is not perfect you just want to repeal and replace because you're jealous of Obama
Why don't you cut the bullshit?
You don't care about how this foolishness effect the Am People - u just want a Desperately needed Win - not gonna happen #LOSER !
Mr Trump have you read the whole bill  yet? And if so, we know you would turn it down too!  It is really bad. Bad for Republicans to pass.
Next election your out of here heller you let trump bully you or I wouldn’t be surprised bribed you
Nice try!  It's dead
YES
Nice last ditch effort but Republicans have cut their own throat! Our country is in big trouble!
Won't pass there is that "cancer" that will not vote again! They really should recall him! He is hurting his own ppl in AZ ,the idiot!
REPEAL OBAMACARE - TRASH TRUMPCARE - TRASH GRAHAM-CASSIDY BILL!!!
@VP I think MCcain has jealousy issues that are making him so stubborn.
@SenJohnMcCain , PLEASE NOTE!!! Do not let the ARIZONANS, like ME, DOWN!!!
McCain is the best he stands for what is right I stand by him all the way he's for the people all my prayers for him and family
They will not do anything that we want. Voting them out.
...and death to thousands with no coverage.  Murderous.
Do you ever get tired of failing over and over again?
This not what you said in a later tweet. You said you wouldn't vote for it. Quit flip flopping!!!
We hope so.
Not a chance
How ignorant are you? Very
Bull
Repeal and Replace will hurt people like my Uncle with stage 4 cancer and my brother with a severe heart condition! What others like them?
Mr President Trump,  you are doing great!!
No they're already bailing out and therefore siding with the dirty Dems. Disgusting
What deal did you make with the Democrats?  Do you know why Nancy Pelosi is in the majority lead position?  I do.
NO REPEAL AND REPLACE....JUST KILL IT AND  GIVE US SOMETHING CONCRETE.
Or repair? How hard can that be?
Money direct to the overpaid insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies!
WORST BILL EVER.

#KillTheBill #GrahamCassidyNO
We support you mr president against the NFL & all those that disrespect our  & it's not about race but u can't deal with stupid
We support you mr president
Isn't that called a BRIBE???
It will make them feel the heat.
Mr. President, you should take away the Senate and the House's small business designation with an executive order.
If they don't we will vote in people that work for us.
Listen to Rand, this is GOP SMOKE & MIRRORS , take FEDS all the way out of it, let’s States do this alone using ERISA EXPANDED RULES
Stealing health care from millions,  making you happy donnie boya?
   So hows your brother LUCIFER.
Along with the repeal and replace health care is the tax reform getting done finally
....
I am so sorry for the inconsiderate and brutally deflamatory remarks I made in the heat of a campaign. John (Senator) forgive me, please.
SAD
Congress gets the healthcare that is passed. Same for their families. All people need great healthcare not just the billionaires!
I pray that God won't let it be repealed until you guys can come up with something better.  Then you won't look so bad for hurting the US.
Don't hold your breath mr. President it doesn't look likely
The should. .if not we will meet at the election box and soon
You are correct. I truly don't understand McKain. He is a disgrace as a Senator
HAHA dead on arrival.

Only thing you care about is taking down everything that has name of Obama on it. What kind of person does that? Why? That speaks volumes
You were going to repeal on the first day but as we are now use to just another lie. One of many you dummy
As the bill has more than 140 characters, I'm most certain you don't know what's in it.
Resign
God bless you for doing all you do. Your too honest for both sides of the aisle. They want you out. Indict all involved in wire taping.
Giving the money to the states will give states the right to deny coverage.  Preexisting conditions will be a thing of the pass.
Don't you mean money direct to your pockets Dotard?
May be better than BOcare, but you don't want your name on it, believe me.  You were right, just let it fail on its own.
Crook
NOT GOING TO HAPPEN!!!
Republican leadership does not back you. You are a worthless shit storm that has done nothing but proclamations. #FAIL
So they can misuse.  Aren’t we one country? Shouldn’t we all have the same healthcare?
That would be a bigly mistake. #RepealandReplaceTrump
As a nurse and a social worker I believe Graham-Cassidy needs to be flushed through the dewar with all the other crap.
That is sewage.
He's already doing th hat catch up
over a million people have signed a petition for you to release your tax returns. We hope you will too
Aren't u the greatest negotiator?
Well work with both parties to find a  solution 4  this healthCare crisis that affects all Americans!
I am pretty sure that u have not read the bill. All u care is to see on it  "repeal replace Obamacare"
That is ur idea of Winning
Put the Congress on Obamacare by Executive Order
Ha - you're going down yet AGAIN.  Loser - you're the one about to be FIRED.
#NO #GrahamCassidy
Why would you pay more and get less?
More money to states that refused to support ACA, less to those that did.  Not a healthcare bill, but revenge
So the bill can be white or black or red or orange or blue or pink or whatever ... as long as it takes Obama off it and hurts people. Nice!
All you care about is getting rid of a great thing Obama did - The Affordable Health Care Act.
#RepealReplaceRepublicans
What are they replacing it with a death sentence
I hope not!!!!!
For your sake, I hope we don't all get screwed over. Been there done that !
#FixACA #FixACA #FixACA #FixACA #FixACA #FixACA #FixACA #FixACA #FixACA #FixACA #FixACA #FixACA #FixACA #FixACA #FixACA #FixACA #FixACA
#FixACA
You have not read it or you would not say this
Ignorant failure POTUS Trump of your committment for "great health care for all Americans". SHAMEFUL FAILURE!
*commitment #hilakleiners 
Ignorant failure POTUS Trump of your committment for "great health care for all Americans". SHAMEFUL FAILURE!
Why so obsessed with "repeal & replace" name? Is it coz it's longer then Obamacare? Or do you not want us to remember that Obama Cared
Repeal without replace is premeditated murder.  May God have mercy on your soul.  Well, the space where your soul SHOULD be.
The Koch brothers blowing up your phone demanding that the A.C.A. tax gets repealed?  Because that is what this is about.  We aren't stupid.
1/2 No one with a brain would vote for that crap. If you're going to demand action on healthcare, the LEAST you could do is LEARN something
2/2 about it. Satisfying your ego and denying healthcare to millions are NOT reasons to repeal #Obamacare. Get over yourself.
Even your base likes the #ACA.  Unless your gonna improve it, keep your small hands away from it!
Money direct to your rich buddies.  32 Million without coverage.  Yea, great bill if you're part of the top 1%.  Majority of US like ACA!!
Just changing who will abuse citizens. We didn't ask you to replace it with something worse! Wait for CBO. Just good business to know cost!
I refuse to supplement junkies and dead beats gaming the system..going to move to Siberia..hate summer
Obama care destroyed America
Please arrest and prosecute criminal hitlery Clinton
Repeal the total obumcare ! States or Federal government does NOT NEED TO TAKE OVER INSURANCE !! Gov.Won't decide your fate the states will
John McCain and Paul Ryan lied to the American people they need to be taken out of office all of them
Unfortunately you as always were right. He is no Hero.apparently he enjoyed Fidel Castro assasins not only tortured him
@realDonaldTrump I think you're the only one who wanted to Repeal and Replace. Why is it so important to you to "erase" Obama?
You are an evil, selfish dotard.
I hope they will. May be they can't handle the power!

I hope that they impeach you. All world'd leaders are making fun at you. No One likes not even Melania!.
So agree!
So states can do single payer!
Hey #dotard when u use the same insurance as the ppl do..then u can call the shots
Taking money away from states that expanded medicaid and giving to those that didn't is called REDISTRIBUTION.
They better not jam that piece of crap down our throats. We won't take it and you will all be voted out, you impeached Mrs Putin.
President Trump..shut down Harrp and CERN!!!!
So you will kill 30 million americans. You need to be changed with mass murder the way Hitler was.
Can you tell us why this bill is so good and how it makes Healthcare better?  Actual information.
Duh, he hasn't read it and doesn't care. He wants to sign a major piece of legislation of any kind about anything.
Your only legacy is to ATTEMPT to destroy a great man's legacy? #ObamaRules #ILoveObama #IMissObama #ThanksObama #ObamaCare @BarackObama
You mean, "money taken away from states."  You don't even know what's in the bill, do you?
McCain in your way
Losing. Again. You have to blame someone. All this losing started happening just after your inauguration. #25thAmendmentNow
Bad for US citizens. Adds state beaurocrasy to any future healthcare plan.
I hope that the fine work of #MuellerTime repeals and replaces the dumbest, most ignorant and most corrupt person ever in the WH #POtuS
FUCKING LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#repealandgofuckyourself is not healthcare. It's a tax break for Trump's rich donors.
Maybe if republicans had a decent alternative they would. You just want to undo any good that Obama did
I hope @GOP rejects their current ostrich pose, Time to impeach & replace this insane clown Trump!
Get rid of McCain...He's a disgrace to the Republican party and to his country.
#BadDealForAmerica
Ur fans will stop coming to your rallies to see you if G/C passes. They won't have h/c! It'll be too much $$$. You gonna pay for it 4 them?
ALL GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES, HOUSE AND SENATE ARE ON SAME HEALTHCARE PLAN AS "WE THE PEOPLE" !
I hope you'll give everything about G/C a rest. It's a crap h/c bill, the Sens voting against it know it. Not gonna pass. GIVE IT A REST.
.....60 % of Americans hope they wont

McCain=SWAMP. Wish he would vent his retaliation against Trump not on the American people
Money direct to States. Bullshit. Insurance companies will find ways to make it not work - like the #ACA
Money direct to the state my ass you mean straight to your bank account shame on you you should resigns
You've failed again, Trump.    And you are nothing but a liar when you claim that pre-existing conditions will be covered.  Pathetic.
Not having health coverage is not health care.
Roy Moore supports fillabuster Strange don't
Will the real president please stand up ???? You are so clueless
If this bill gets approved, you will pay the price for 30+ million people losing insurance. READ THE BILL!
Voting for a bill to satisfy the childish narcissistic needs of a man consumed with jealousy for his predecessor can never be allowed.
