...did you miss the part where our former DNI testified that Russia actively worked to sabotage our democracy & that was a serious threat?
It just seems like you think Hillary's emails are more important than a hostile foreign power subverting our political machinery.
Why do you think it's hypocritical? There were multiple hearings regarding Hillary's emails. This hearing was about Flynn and Russia.
Why should the Obama admin's actions preclude investigation and prosecution of the Trump admin's actions? One wrong doesn't justify another.
Are you going to comment on Russia, or do you want to ask some more questions about extremely patriotic leaks?
You mean Russia TV West.  TRAITOR!
#ImpeachTrump 
#TrumpRussiaInvestigation 
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
Please kerp digging. Comey's firing is suspicious at best.
Thank you!!!
Fox spews!!
@LindseyGrahamSC you're a national disgrace.
You're a decent man. Don't sully yourself by going on Fox.
@suzanthony7 
Lindsay Graham a decent man? Lol
Graham orchestrated a way for Sally Yates to testify after Trump blocked her testimony.  I respect him for that.
That's nice, but he changed sides pretty late in the game. He deserves shit, and to never be trusted completely
I owe you a big apology!! Looks like the ONLY reason Graham requested Yates to testify is to address leaks.  Today, he revealed true nature.
using he corporate mouth to talk out his evil corporate arse...He only wants to bury any investigation...His ONLY interest. Traitor.
#SallyIsAPatriot     GOP-not so much. Country before party and befor Putin puppet.
so all political crimes go unpunished ??? bullshit
Independent prosecutor is now required
Can you and the GOP not see this is following the same pattern as Nixon.
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW
If we're going to have a hero, it's going to have to be Lindsey Graham. You can't be fired, sir. Step into history.
You're a fool. We all know.
I"m so sick of the russia crap if they didn't actually vote . . . .
Alright, time for a sit down with Comey. Now. Tear the roof off the sucka!
Sen Graham the coverup has begun with Comeys firing. Cox fired by Nixon. New director will b crony. Sad day for democracy. Trump=Dictator
Independent Counsel now!
Please call for an independent investigation of Trump. We have a guilty, crazy, desperate man in our White House who colluded with Russia.
Oh I'm sure the topic of Comey's firing will come up.
@realDonaldTrump just fired #FBI director. Can we get an #IndependentInvestigation NOW?!?! @SenJohnMcCain ????
Mr. Graham stand up for what is right 4 America! Demand those tax records are viewed. We don't need to see them, but the investigation does!
Don't go down with Trump. He is a one term president (if that). Let the patriot in you shine.
Sir, I am on the opposite side on most issues with you.. BUT... " THANK YOU SIR" for helping stop this attempted RU cabal in Trumps Treason
Graham: 'I want to know more about Trump's business dealings' @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump @BarackObama @HillaryClinton
Can any honored men as this live in D.C. anymore? One should step down not try to keep shielding truth? Save USA our beautiful country.
please subpoena Trump's tax returns.  Sons have confirmed ties to Russian money. We have a right to know!
Correction: '...this..." my apologies. RL
Sir- With respect to the Oath you took...Please Subpoena Donald J Trumps Tax Returns.    #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Back your President
Don't care about POTUS tax returns. Also don't care about looking at a connection to Russia. A huge waste of taxpayer funds. Support POTUS
I am sick & tired of hearing about Russia can we please move on. This is a waste of taxpayer money & waste of time. More pressing matters
Time to #putuporshutup. #SubpoenaDTaxreturns and get to the truth! #CountryOverParty !!!!
father in law of the Azerbaijani dictator's daughter
agalarov Araz has business dealings with trump. He's a Russian citizen and also father in law of the
INDEPENDENT investigation and tax returns
Thank you for your courage to break rank with your party to support the United States!  We appreciate you!

I have trusted only you in the GOP side of Russia investigation, But seems all you care about is leaks, Not trump ties & business ties sad
Sen., if you are serious about this investigation, Trump's tax returns should be subpoenaed.
@LindseyGrahamSC I lean democrat in most elections. But I would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart for giving the people a voice
You & GOP Senators will have to decide if you are going to save our country or Trump's ass .. #CountryB4Party
Yes, let's talk about RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE. We see what you r doing with the whole unmasking/ leak BS. Magician trick. Hopefully ppl see it.
Why did you sit on your gavel and refrain from asking your colleagues (Cruz,Cornyn) to focus questions on Russian interference #ChairFailure
https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/861976210607267840 …
Will you let us all know tonight that you are actually a Democrat? @LindseyGrahamSC
Talk that's all you do! What about ethics violations and tax breaks 4 rich u r trying 2 call healthcare? #VoteThemAllOut
are you finally going to tell truth. I see you protecting trump he could blow up W H and you wouldn't care
Your conduct at the Yates hearing was BLATANT OBSTRUCTION. Look in the mirror, ask yourself, what would a Patriot do? #trumprussia @GOP
Senator you did spend too much time on the unmasking. Ask questions about Flynn & Russia. Otherwise you are not right for the job.
At least you didn't make a fool of yourself at the hearing yesterday. Can't say the same about Senators Cornyn, Cruz and Kennedy. Bunch of 
I thought you were more concerned about the integrity of our political system. #disappointed
I don't like Republicans in general but I have a deep respect for you and your ethics and integrity. Thank you for embracing the truth
thank you Senator for doing your job

#Russiagate #PutinsBitch #Impeach #Imprison #Treason 
Keep wasting Congress' time and taxpayers money. Investigate Bill & Hillary's influence peddling scheme!
Where did your purported patriotism go? Seemed to forget to bring it with you during hearings...
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
The demos were as busy making good policy and working with Trump rather then spending time on this Russian fake interfence
The GOP deflection is CRIMINAL.  The "leaker" was a damned whistleblower...Flynn would still be working for this corrupt administration.
The @GOP ARE OKAY WITH RUSSIAN AGENT AT THE NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL BUT HOW DARE HE GET OUTED let that sink in.
If you can't clearly understand that an INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR is required here, then you are either paid by Putin yourself or party over US
I think it was a disrespectful statement, when you told the Free press to get back in their cages. How the hell you think you are. A P.O.S .
Thank you for putting the United States before party politics!  Thank you for giving Sally Yates an opportunity to testify!  Courageous!
Kinda like a DUI crash, you don't care what damage the driver did to others, you just want to know who exposed the blood alcohol level.
Totally waste of your breath and my time to listen to you question Yates today. You don't care about the crime, just the person who told.
What useless questioning you did today.
Oh boy! Republican senator on Fox News? Hope you're ready for the hard-hitting questions. Sike!! You're probably just gonna blame Obama
You were very rude to Sally Yates. What's wrong with you?
That conversation outta last about 30 seconds.
Focus on the elephant in the room, not the "unmasking" crap you Republicans are embarrassing yourself with
Kowtowing bigly today. In defense of a disgraceful man who #unmasked you by giving your phone number out to the world.
Follow the money on Russia
You lost and should be supporting our president and working for the people instead of wasting taxpayer money on wild goose chases.
Trump lapdog. That's what 1/2 of this country knows you are. The other half will wise up soon enough.
Push for an Independent Prosecutor!!!
You did good Lindsay! Stay with your morals and conscience and you'll have those stars in your crown .
We need to know who unmasked & who leaked classified information
Please investigate why Nicole Kusher is selling the Chinese US visas!! Conflict of interest.
Flynn compromised-kept on 18 days!! Be an American patriot!that should concern you more than leaks

You should be ashamed and appalled @ your colleagues & yourself for trolling & obstructing #SallyYates hearing w/email/leaks/EO BullShit.
You would have more credibility on PBS @NewsHour & @NPR . FOX IS FAKE & BIASED
@LindseyGrahamSC - You never wanted Trump. U knew he was a liar. Now ur more focused on leaks then #russiagate. Russia is greater threat.
We are so excited that you are going to fix Ocare soon.  Don't mess around!  Get it done!  No excuses!
Isn't there enough to impeach? Incompetence, conflicts of interest, mental instability, Russia & risk he poses every time he speaks/tweets?
When will "classified" hearings be held?
Sally Yates is my new hero.

Putin elects an idiot & @gop acts like it won the lottery & goes on a spending, killing spree like common criminals https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/861254691568492544 …
Maybe Martha can ask about Obama interference in Israel elections and other foreign elections
Clapper Mar 5: "no evidence" of collusion Comey Mar 20: confirms FBI investigation   Clapper today: I didn't know about FBI investigation=TM
How are you not embarrassed by your committee? Gone are the days of republicans who actually cared about the country-
Hope you call for an independent prosecutor b/c Republicans showed us they have their heads so far up trump's ass they're kissing Moscow
I keep asking, you keep ignoring. When are you going to ask for an investigation into Obama interference in Israel elections?????
Any comment on telling press photographers to "get back in your cages" today? 2. Can "freedom of the press go too far" for you? --Bill 
Try something besides FOX
Thank you and Senator Whitehouse for a bipartisan, well run hearing.
Nope sorry mr Graham its all a big game with you and tv time. Lost all respect for you. Sorry 2018 can't come any sooner.
As long as you've been in DC, no excuse for you to have no grasp of 'unmask'. I heard 1st time this yr & clear as bell. New thing today...
...is that IC provides some intel 'unmasked'. What does that mean? When do they do that? When they know American is spy?
Are you going to try and rationalize taking more of our money?  What did you do with the last program we funded? Are we more safe, or less?
So...about nothing then?!  #wewillneverknow. #allforshow
When will Rice & Huma be subpoenaed?
Will all respect sir you CANNOT give #Rice a pass. Her lying and hiding the exec priv. claimed today I demand to know what BO admin hiding.
I agree. I think they should compel her to testify. But they would rather deflect the issues on HRC. It's the rep. Way right @LinseyGrahamSC
I'm a Democrat but first and foremost an American and I thank you for your service and for these hearings.Don't cave in to party pressure.
Not much of a hearing. GOP went after HRC's emails, leaks & Yates & travel ban. No concern about Russia.
You said you want answers to questions so next time let the witnesses answer before you cut them off just because you don't like the answers
Tell the truth! Expose trumputin and salvage your reputation!
I bet the "leaks" originated IN the WH
Why don't you go on a network that CARES about the Russia investigation?
U have become very disappointing. Why would u put ur excellent reputation on the line 4 a clearly incompetent administration &a man who LIES
Put country first. Leaks are not the issue. Why did it take 18 days for WH to fire #Flynn?
That wasn't the hearing where @GOP senators were! You guys were in the leak and unmasking hearing.
If you focus on the stupid unmasking angle you'll only encourage the crazies.
Too bad that you spent so much time focused on leaks instead of Russian interference. You're pathetic. #CORRUPTION
Don't speak on that Kremlin network!!! And as you're sucking Trump's tiny d Putin is balls deep in global politics
Putin deployed roughly 1,000 Muslim special forces from Russia’s southern regions into Syria to up its ground game: http://atfp.co/2qSXDBO 
Why are you always runing to Fox News Lindsey? Do you have some type of fetish for them?
Repeal and replace
Do your job!
lots of irrelevant questioning by GOP side--almost as if a coordinated coverup 
@GOP @FBI @CIA @SenatorBurr Definitely a cover-up. Only answer is independent investigation.
Your party made it seem like the hearing was about Yates and the executive order
Americans should be glad of this leak and unmasking. Your have sold our private information to the highest bidder, what's the difference ?
Are u sure?  Or, will u be discussing the leaks and/or executive orders?  #GOPclones
Isn't @foxnews the problem? A whole conglomerate dedicated to clouding the facts & promoting a conspiratorial storyline. Fox IS the problem.
Fox will lie for the Trump administration that is why they are the "chosen one".
If Trump didn't have anything why didn't he comply with information given him?
You think your Republican colleagues could try to focus a bit more on Russia and stop turning this into a partisan farce???
What about Flynn, lying to Pence? What about that? What about 18 days of full access to National Secruity not taken away after notified???
C'mon Lin. Let's see the pee pee tape. We know you have it.
The testimony gave credence to the fact that Russian sanctions are in order. Your bill needs to pass!
It's been 100+ days, the Q is:  why has nothing been passed yet?
Didn't care about unmasking when @AmbJohnBolton unmasked 13 people and the Bush WH  refused to release info.Playing stupid is a bad look
This would be your Washington Post investigation?
And saying the words "unmask" and "leaks" as much as possible? Please man, get some perspective re:Russia
Maybe you can explain why you weren't remotely interested in the point of the hearing and deflected instead? Putin have some videos of you 2
I think the whole @GOP are collaborating with Russia.  @CIA @FBI @SenatorBurr
Please focus on Russian interference, not about leaks. Quit deflecting
Yates runs to WH to warn them the building is on fire.  GOP accuses her of J-Walking on her way to inform the Fire Department! #SallyYates
Fox is one of the alt right propaganda machines. Meanwhile, Trump tweeting fake facts too
Can you explain in very simple words what it was said, because Trump did not quite get it
make sure to say what you mean so your constituents know not to re-elect you!
Other than you & Ben Sasse, republicans were only interested in unmasking & leaks. Not about Russian interference.
Turns out you're also a traitor.
I was watching. Lindsay seemed to be following the party line about leaks. He even began his after conference debrief on that topic. Sad.
Good points made on internal spy networks in our own govt. & just who it is who actually revealed classified info to the press??
Yawn.
