You're endorsing abuse of power.
Will you support a special prosecutor?
A fresh start with AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATOR!
We need a special prosecutor and investigator w no conflict. Please stand up for the Am people and demand an Independent investigation.
Posterity will judge you harshly for this. It's a disgrace. This comment is a disgrace.
NOOOOOOO You have to be kidding me
You cannot be serious! We need an #IndependentInvestigation! Defend our #Constitution
Why are you all over the place @LindseyGrahamSC?
Special prosecutor is the only way.
Are you country over party ot party over country? Man up.
No, this is kangaroo court and you know it.
WE NEED A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR TO INVESTIGATE TRUMP-RUSSIA AND WE NEED IT NOW!
Obviously, since Comey got fired...
@JoeNBC please pass on your wise words to @LindseyGrahamSC
@POTUS @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Wrong. He was investigating @realDonaldTrump who is a traitor. Fix this shit or we'll march from coast to coast
Traitor
Trey Gowdy.
Spineless asshole.
Independent counsel, independent investigation. We don't trust any of you.
Cannot believe that you are defending this. You must put #countrybeforeparty and call for an independent investigation
Give me a break. You need to stand up for your country & demand an investigation into Trump's ties w/ Russia or 4ever be known as a coward
But his emails?
@hughhewitt  ME TOO!
Get off Trump's clean-up crew and do your damn job.
You are acting foolish-you must put USA over party. Don't act in collusion. You are better than that. #Trumprussia #resist
Whatever is good for the party not the people ok we get it
Only a fresh start with an independent investigator will do. Otherwise, our democracy is dead.
But he'll appt a yes man and bam the Russia investigation is gone!! Time for independent investigation now!
Shame on you!
Whaaat? You have to step up and stop Trump- NOW
You are about to show your true colors and I have a sick feeling in my gut. Very disappointing Senator. I was counting on you to be honest!
What controversies? Honorable Lindsey Graham, you have forgotten who you work for.  Get your resume ready.....
Oh for goodness sake, grow a pair and defend America. Trump is being investigated for treason and he just fired the guy investigating him.
Republican politicians are disgusting creatures.
Thank you for doing what is right for America. Hopefully you do not change your tune anytime soon.
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW!
Trump can fire but it is not going to slow down this investigation. Perhaps you should consult recent history sir. #treason
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR NEEDED!!!!STOP DENYING IT
"Fresh start" will not serve our nation well while FBI in middle of #TrumpRussiaInvestigation! @SenatorBurr agrees 
I am troubled by the timing and reasoning of Director Comey’s termination.
First thing I've ever agreed with him about.
Me too
Et Tu Lindsey?
Nailed it
Knew you would. You're a traitor & there's blackmail material on you. You def. don't want it leaked which is why leaks are your only concern
Given the recent controversies around the president I believe a fresh start will serve the country.
We need an independent investigation
What we need, is to know who is dumping classified intel to a newspaper, or perhaps liberals prefer to stay, like dope addicts, in denial.
Yes, cuz that's what matters, who reported the crime vs. who DID the crime. 
are you kidding me?
No he is not. Just like John McCain,he says all the right things,but stands by Trump.
and that's why I feel hopeless.
Hilarious to watch you libs slowly go insane.
'Tis we who will be laughing when you and yours are suited up to fight Afghanistan II AND get screwed out of insurance.  LMAO
I have free health insurance & im not going anywhere.
Woo hoo for you!
Dam right.
I think he should've been fired a yr ago but thats not2say that delusional dt is right hes suspicious&I do believe hes trying 2obstruct Just
How about a non-partisan director? Let's get a special prosecutor first.
Sir you're presenting yourself as a SELL OUT.  If you want to keep your career, The People need you and your party to STEP UP!
You really should grow a set, senator.
RECENT?? OR HIS LAST PUBLIC TESTIMONY!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC you're taking heat b/c people perceive your recent deference 2 @realDonaldTrump 2 be an unnatural act for someone w/courage
You're as corrupt as they are.  Silence on Russia = sedition.  Shame on you and everyone in the GOP Congress.
A "fresh start" NOW? This is intimidation & implies 2disregard or devalue Comey's testimony against this administration
Power corrupts. Absolute power corrupts absolutely.
not true. He did wrong w/email-clinton.He got fired b/c he was too close to finding the truth:trump  Putin. Coup:Open ur eyes
Special Prosecutor princess. Be on the right side of justice for once.
The controversy over THE ILLEGAL FIRING of the Director (even a POTUS is not allowed to obstruct justice) will dog all DT's remaining days!
What about a Special Prosecutor to run the investigation? Don't tell us you think this is all ok!
Yes
What favor or how much money were u promised to sell your soul to Trumps shit show for?  Asking for friend!
LAPDOG!! Sniff Paul Ryan's ass lately??
That may be. Doesn't change the fact that he fired the guy who was investigating him. #obstructionofjustice #impeachableoffense
I wish we could fire the jackass who fired Comey so we could get a fresh start in the Whitehouse
You are a disgrace to the uniform of JAG. Come out of the damned closet and stop being blackmailed.
We all know. It's obvious. No one cares (other than Trumps base).
Graham cares and is being blackmailed get over it graham
No one gives a fuck but Lindsey. Even if it were revealed that he and McCain are lovers, still no one would give a fuck
No sir Mr. Graham
And YOU KNOW IT
The American People deserve a #SpecialProsecutor or #IndependentInvestigation NOW
#DoYourJob
#JediWisdom 
I believe you don't give a crap about 3/4 of this country.
"...and I will now support an independent investigator into the Trump/Russia connections." Right?
What is wrong with you?
Really wish both sides would make up ther minds about how they feel about Comey.
I've always liked him.
I've usually agree with @LindseyGrahamSC only about half the time , but I really like him. Funny as hell.
Six hours in and you haven't deleted this tweet? Jesus Christ @LindseyGrahamSC have some shame!
How much Russian money funneled to you?
Now you are an accomplice.
while I don't agree with some of Comeys actions last year. I had nt lost faith. I have no faith in the deputy! u know y
Party over country.
are you out of your mind?  Americans need some consistency.
Careful, you and your cronies are going to "fresh start" your way out of jobs.
How much money have you so far received from Trump through indirect sources?
Talk to Sen McCain (https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2017/5/statement-by-senator-john-mccain-on-dismissal-of-fbi-director-james-comey …) At least authorize a special committee.  But we really need an independent prosecutor.
Wow. Really? That's what you have to say?
Explain what you mean by 'fresh start' and is the new head of the @FBI to be appointed by @realDonaldTrump Loyalties with party or country?
Typical GOP-party over country. History will not remember you kindly
What will serve the nation is an #IndependentInvestigation NOW!
Feeding and temporarily appeasing the monsters will not save you from the monsters.
Fresh start! Washington and everyone from Trump down stinks of . You guys need a freshener, lets hope 2018 does the job.
Shame on you! The public sees right through the cover up!
ARE YOU SERIOUS? PLEASE, I beg you. Support an independent investigation. This is terrifying. We need patriots, not partisans to lead us.
I thought you were a patriot? It's a critical turning point in our democracy and you support it?  trump is a despot 
Indep investigation now
We are at war and Russw has their man in our White House! This is not the time for partisanship. Fight for our Democracy!
Wrong answer.
History will not remember you kindly if you just roll over. #IndependentInvestigation now.
Shame Shame Shame! Every member of GOP who blindly supports this @POTUS should just admit they don't care about Americans. #ComeyFiring
Terrible, just terrible.
It won't serve anyone well, not even the Grifter. The nation is one more shady Trump move away from pouring into the streets in a revolt.
How much did you get for your soul?
just getting ready to call and ask you to not let this get in the way of finding out the truth, but fresh start means that's not happening.
Independent Special Prosecutor now. Needed to prove or disprove Trump/Russia and restore confidence in our government.
RT to let Senator Graham know how we feel!
You're joking,right?
Yes now your a traitor to the cause of justice: he had 3 months+ to do this how about you and the @GOP stop being Complicit w/@POTUS
And now you go showing your true colors: party over country, yet again 
Glad for your support for the President's difficult but necessary decision. Comey made many feel that justice was different for the 'elites'
2 historically memorable bad decisions in 1 week Lindsey?
You are proving yourself again. This will be your legacy.
Not following you anymore.  On what planet is it ok for a president to fire the man investigating him?  Where is your outrage?  I'm done.
What are you, high?
Resign. You are not fit for public office
History will judge you and find you lacking. #ripdemocracy #comey #trumprussia #goptraitors
STOP PROTECTING DONALD TRUMP
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #COMEY 
@SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain @SpeakerRyan @jasoninthehouse
Your support of this action warrants concern. He is concerned with Clinton? Really now. He is running scared after day before. Shame you.
You're a whole new breed of traitor.
And Trump will be meeting the Russian who coordinated the attacks on the election.  That should be raising all kinds of red flags
Will it, Lindsey?
Wtf voters of SC! Get rid of this turkey
evidence and intent. Hillary, Abedin, Lynch, Rice, Rhodes need to be indicted for Crimes. There was a cover up of Obama & Lynch to  ....
Are you kidding? You know he's investigating Trump's  ties to #Russia!  #ComeyFiring
Typical linds, all talk and the you run and hide when it's time to put up
Good God, man! Grow a pair and put country over party now. It's time to stop falling on the sword for this corrupt man in the White House.
I was starting to think that you might value Country over party. No more. Govt of laws, not of men, remember?
Phew! For a minute there, I almost believed you'd put country before party. Boy, is my face red! #ComeyFiring
What will serve the Nation best is A INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION into Flynn & Russia's meddling!
Russian interference began in primaries, and Graham was a candidate. Does Putin have kompromat on Graham?
How about a fresh start to the Russia investigation with a special prosecutor
You might want to rethink this tweet
And let's select replacement right after Democrats & Republicans name a special independent investigator for Russian collusion w/ election
FOR SHAME. YOU ARE NOT SERVING THE PEOPLE. THE PRESIDENT IS A DANGER TO THIS COUNTRY. Clearly he is involved . TREASON
The investigation against President Trump must continue. America is at risk! The Trump Adm. colluded w/a foreign gov.
Agreed. You also did a good job with your questioning in the hearings this week. Finally something we agree on.
Holy shit, Linds. Are you for real? You KNOW WHAT IS GOING DOWN. Is this really your play? Shameful. #complicit  now.
You just keep digging for those Russian business findings @LindseyGrahamSC, while I decide if you're interested in the truth or not
Are you paying attention? Maybe you might consider what is good for the country and call for special prosecutor
choosing party over country will leave you with neither, Senator.
I certainly hope you mean a special prosecutor
Can you suggest one investigestion and rebuke the related - on the same day? Your first instinct is correct, but let's be consistent
Very disappointed with your comment will you continue investigation with Russia and Trumps involvement in election?
Go back to the children's table with @SpeakerRyan, Graham. You were acting like an adult until just a few hours ago.
Seriously? I am so disappointed in you. Honestly, I expected better. Really, there must be an independent #TrumpRussia inv
sigh
So how much evidence do you need Lindsey? How much? Pussy grabbing, pageant peeping and corruption not enough for you? How about treason???
Do not kid yourself that Comey was fired for breach of conduct. Admin  does not care. He was fired for investigating criminals in power.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!!!??!!!! Are YOU a Russian puppet too????
Support our country. Not Donald
I actually thought you still had some integrity. You will be remembered in history for your spineless betrayal of your country.
YOU HAVE A GIRLS NAME
Dude....
You should be ashamed of yourself. Country first or Republican Party first? I think I know where you stand and it's not pretty.
Just lost all respect for you - Shame!
Even a Director put in place by Recess Appointment?
For just a wee moment, I allowed myself to think you might not be completely hopeless. Thanks for showing me that you truly must be. 
You're obviously as much a member of the rape gang as your president. History will remember you as complicit to the destruction of our union
Be a hero
Way to play the Quisling, Senator.
I expect that you will demand an independent prosecutor to continue the investigation into Russian ties, ya know, cause you love America.
Do the right thing and get an independent prosecutor. You know there is fire under this smoke,
I believe you and the rest of your #filthyteam are scrambling for an excuse. #comeywascrookedwithwiki now he's scaring the #turdincharge ?
I thought u had integrity.. I was wrong
So what qualifications are needed to be director?
Independence?
Sense of justice?
Or just be another trump sycophant?
You are a patsy.
Trump firing Comey will not serve the country well but maybe the Republican Party. Now you can all hide your lies
Such a sad, partisan hack.
the people DISAGREE. We want an #SpecialProsecutor And we will get one. @CNN @nytimes @washingtonpost @FoxNews
You're all talk.  Until you take action, take an actual stand, you are just as bad as Trump and his ilk.  You are now colluding with Russia.
I'm thinking this is your LAST chance to man the hell up.
...but of course you do. Feckless
So much for being troubled.
I see how easy it is for the likes of you to call yourself a Christian. You can blatantly sin, just ask for forgiveness and all is well. 
After a long political career, do you really want to be remembered as one who could've stopped an authoritarian and didn't?
you have just stuck a knife in the #ruleofLaw, Mr. Graham
Exactly!
And do you believe Trump is capable of making this appointment?!?!?  You should be calling for spec. pros. right now.  Tone. Deaf. Tweet!
Party over country! This will hurt you in the ballot box!
What would serve the nation well is your and @realDonaldTrump's immediate resignation.
