Feeling upstaged by Bernie Sanders excellent proposal?
I hope it fails you rat
Wow! That is a terrible plan! How could you even make it worse!!?!?!
#MedicareForAll
@POTUS Graham-Cassidy is an underserving, underfunded cut-and-dump on states.Rewards private insurers, punishes MC xpansion.Voters will HATE
Similar to #BCRA & #AHCA, Graham-Cassidy would switch Medicaid to per capita cap financing, reducing fed $ over time http://kaiserf.am/2wurMOm  
#Medicare4All
Medicare For All please - it is the only way to stop this for profit monstrosity that Nixon allowed to ravage American people.
Hate speech removing millions from healthcare being proposed. No thanks!
Be a statesman, not a politician. This isn't the proper way to pass massive legislative changes. You know this.
Hawk, stop trying your best to ensure that most Americans who become seriously ill will die broke. Thx.
Well that is timely
Why do hate us? You have medical coverage! We pay for it! you dont want us to have it. Christian values? Shame on u
Jerk #lockhimup
PLEASE no single payer/Medicare for all!
It's a horrible health care proposal... But you really don't care!!!!
#MedicareForAll
Bla bla bla bla
taco fart
I read it, it sucks
As one of your constituents all I can say is #MedicareForAll  History is not going to be kind to you Lindsey
It's a terrible plan, please just drop it
Some Senators are working on a bipartisan plan to improve the ACA.  Why are you still pushing repeal?
Dead

On

Arrival
You sold out and are an inexcusable disappointment to millions of Americans who will suffer terribly when you terminate their access to HC
Talk about a #Nothingburger
The only thing we want we want u to do is support REPEAL not play footsie with the Dems. We voted to repeal. Rino.
when will you have the CBO score and when the full senate will vote on it?
Is your bill a total repeal? No replace? If not it's not good enough and I'm not voting for you when I get my chance.
NOBODY WANTS YOUR PLAN!!!!
We want the same insurance you have. No more exemptions on insurance you force on us
Then you go to Faux news right?
Will you tell everyone honestly that it will cost more & provide less coverage? Tell us please why you won't just fix ACA, or work with dems
I thought everyone went home?
Healthcare will be your cross to die on. An albatross. Don't do it.
Reasonably priced coverage for pre existing conditions, affordable premiums, no lifetime maximum benefits, no cuts to Medicaid/Medicare.
Mr. Graham, I saw your presentation. If it's a choice of the states overseeing health care or the feds, I'll take the states. A no-brainer.
It is up to POTUS as you say. Having Ldr. McConnell on board means "we can do this."
vote no on this two face lying back stabbing traitor!
This amendment is full repeal with no money for states after 2027
Stuff people need to know.
Good luck for your political survival trying to impose something immoral to  Americans, depriving health access to Americans for tax cut.1/2
2/2 Tax cut benefiting strictly the rich who don't need more money than they are already taking from us, we are all mortals.
trump hole
JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
If you expect South Carolina to do a good job with healthcare, just look at the wonderful job they do with our roads. Don't think so & no!
Will YOU sign on to the proposed plan?
When you bring Comey back to testify, bring @SenJohnMcCain too, Americans want to know his involvement with Soros/HRC/Comey/Dossier @POTUS
OK, don't be nervous. You've done this before. Just picture them all naked. Okay Lins, break a leg!
Stupid PROPOSAL
NO
How about you just REPEAL the damn thing and it get down with.If winning this next election matters at all, to you RINO's..
Your grammer is atrocious
It's going to fail
#MedicareForAll

Why are you still hurting poor people?  We're
is your heart?
Respectfully, sir, I hope your amendment fails.
You are both such a disappointment. The wealth of your contributors is so much more important than the health of your constituents
Take the leap Senators! Go after the employer health care tax deduction & employer sponsored care! Someone has to break the seal!
Nope @LindseyGrahamSC you're trying to take healthcare away from America's most vulnerable citizens, you sir are a big disappointment! #2018
Will you mention how #GCHJ will gut opioid treatment and end consumer protections for people with pre-existing conditions?
Hands off the ACA @GOP nightmare- lying corrupt racist treasonous Putin puppets #stolenelection #nullify2016

Now isnit going to be how you are OK with insurance companies making decision rather than doctors and patients? I mean that's how it works!
Praying for you, sir. God's speed. Go, fight, win!
#censure #CensureTrump  #HR496
This was quite a segment from @CNN that will be shared far and wide 
Each dose of LindseyCare comes with free spine removal!
