The American people understand exactly what AG Sessions was saying in his honest answer & we stand with him 100%!
This is a total witch hunt. MSM & dems looking for anything to twist. So tired of their lies & games
Absolutely agree! The positive is it shows how decimated the (D) party is. No ideas or accomplishments
They have nothing left other than to make up falsehoods about ppl & hope it stirs up controversy 
yes- & they also did that during the campaign & lost badly. President Trump &R's control all of gov't
They still won the popular vote!
Doesn't matter. That's not the way the US electoral system works. Thank goodness!
Yes- No popular vote "win"- each state is a popular vote win & President Trump won 30. & 56% of EVs
Jeff Sessions was not a part of Trump's campaign when he was in the Senate, he is still not in his campaign
Uknow I liked u better before the election. U told as it was; now u & Ryan r sucking up way too hard!
You & McCain are Democrat's spies& INVOLVED WITH EVIL Soro's. Both reputations are known as TRAITOR'S
And now Sessions says that he did (his words). Why would u say "no" when u meant yes?" The Q is pretty simple.
@POTUS sick of the dems. Shut them up please!!!!!! Obama and Hillary and the DOJ scammed us and stole. Dems did?
learn government process and jobs of senators people. Dems are selling us all a bridge for us to buy.
I love Lindsey Graham! He's the BEST at keeping the people Informed.
Smith clearly anti-Trump.
And what of your support of the fascist Poroshenko who is bombing children and elderly civilians in their homes?
do you still believe him?
FINALLY! Obama set up meeting, declass docs, lives with Jarrett a Communist. Who is dangerous?
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @HouseDemocrats you dems are so corrupt. Take advantage  of uneducated  to accuse wrong.
@SpeakerRyan @LindseyGrahamSC there's NO evidence a donkey was delivered to their Congressional offices for acts of bestiality.
Well, we've seen since his recusal that he indeed did have contacts AND used campaign $ to meet up during convntn
you'll believe anything and fall for anything.
you and shep get along because you both hate Trump. Rinos at work.
shep is the only honest person at Fixed Noise.
Had anyone questioned Dems on their Russian meetings during the campaign?  Sitting with Dems durng speech- fishy!
He needs to tell the left they are the one who need to be prosecuted for Hillary's escapades
The Dems really want to take Sessions down. Why? What are they afraid of? This is the 2nd attack.
it's a Witch Hunt brought on by Obama and his followers letter Tryon to disrupt Donald Trump leading us
Just a witch hunt, this to will backfire on the Democrats! Like all the other attempts.
Graham is playing partisan politics. Never thought I'd see him do that with National Security.
Sessions was getting paid by the Trump Campaign when he first talked to Russians. Wasn't representing as Senator at the time. WSJ reported
obviously but he should have never precluded himself from anything even though all lies by Corrupted POLITICIANS
Exactly I believe Sessions as well.
he later said he had 2
then get behind him and call for others to what are you all doing with the rescues thing let's get real
ABSURD.  Being 1/2 a Patriot sir- does NOT Count.  "GOP - Always Party before Country".
do we know have to define what contact is. Only the Dems. Right Bill Clinton
you seem to be the only @GOP with any sense anymore. If you believe Sessions I have  front property to sell you
the democratic are fully full off Shit.
please find a real newscaster to replace Sheppard smith. His bias is overboard.
Ditto
No conservative republican trust Graham or McCain their true Rhino's
Hold the phone Gramnisty just said somthing positive about a Trumper stop the presses Satan just bought ice skates
The dems are distracting everyone from their shenanigans during election. Also HRCs deals with Russia/Uranium.
Shepard Smith makes me sick when he comes on the TV I change the channel he is a disgrace to anything decent!
The same @LindseyGrahamSC who asked Sessions to resign?  LOL He looks like a fool!
My apologies Sen Graham it first sounded like you were not supporting our AG. I mis read what your were saying!
why did u say you never spoke to Russian ambassador? @AftertheBell reports u met with him at university club in NY
@LoveuLynn @LindseyGrahamSC please take Shepard Smith off the air please please please please please please please please please
Even the Dems know Sessions is clear. They are just reaching for whatever they can use to cast doubt on the admin
He can believe him but we don't. The American people have spoken. This election is twisted, they work for us
we finally have a doj that will enforce laws, shepherd needs to go, only fox show I absolutely can't watch,
Mr Graham,he wasn't asked if he had contact. Why would he go there?Was asked what he would do if there was contact
and get Shep, illegals don't pay taxes,how could rhey When they can't legitimately work on books?
But u met with Rus Amb in May 2016? Might want to talk less, think more.
you will make a bad judge.. if everyone who say they ddnt n u believe. Tht is poor judging. U need to investigate
Senator, please donlt go on that left-wing loon's show again.
why did Sessions answer a question that wasn't asked?
Graham say this now yet a previous tweet Graham was calling for Sessions to Recuse,  doesn't sound like support.
Graham did you finally wake up is Mccain awake yet
haha
They know this is just a political stunt. "Hurt the country to save the party." Is their motto.
Great pair of idiots - Shep and Lindsey.
You would!Youwould say it anyway! You have lost all integrity and desire to find out what is going in w/Putin&DJT.
don't climb aboard the sinking ship. Sessions lied to Congress. No morals, no integrity. Save yourself, Lindsay G.
please get Shep off the air arrogance and sarcasm ruins the show all his guest hosts are better than him
he LIED good grief man wake up
all the lying liberal Democrats can F*cks O**!!!
get both sick f**KS off fox. I tune to cnn/shep is on.Send him back to the stooges. And voters please oust graham.
Shep needs to cut back on the tranny makeup
he lied
I watched it, they asked about contacts with Russians period.  He outright lied.  But it appears  oath means nothing.
Sessions backs down because he's uhhh... GUILTY! Why does no one care that Russia is intertwined w/ our govt??
You really need to start fighting these dems-they are out of control and you letting them walk all over you.
SHEP IS A cuck!
The GOP HAS NO BALLS TO PUSH BACK ON THE LEFT. The GOP appear WEAK
Well it's a miracle. Do u and McCain agree? Old NUTTBAGS anymore!
@jeffsessions met w/ Russia as a senator and a member of the Armed Services Committee - not as part of campaign!
In context @jeffsessions is exactly right. This is another sideshow created by the Lunatic Left. FIGHT BACK GOP!
When you deny your contacts with Senate pages, we will believe you.
@ShepNewsTeam @LindseyGrahamSC Be honest and play @alfranken question & @jeffsessions response & in their entirety. Stop fake news
check the records graham did meet with the russians he misspoke or lied
Go away Shep. Get some real news to report then come back
Does not matter what was discussed Sessions lied to Congress under oath and that is a crime. Top Cop needs to go
I watched, I'm concerned how many times he said "I can't recall". Age or lies?
Gee, someone who actually listened to what was asked.
He evaded the question and you are wrong to believe him we are society of fact, you are looking to score a favor.
get this boxing off sir. Nothing but mouthpiece for Dems snd elitist
you better believe him!
LINDSEY JUST LIKE TO AMERICA, I JUST SAW ON FOX BUSINESS THEY SHOWED WERE U MET WITH THE RUSSIAN YOUR A LIAR
LINDSEY GRAHAM U ARE A TRAITOR TO THE REPUBLICAN PARTY I BET YOUR PART OF PIZZAGATE
IT IS PROVEN LINDSAY GRAHAM U HAVE MET WITH THE RUSSIAN I JUST SAY IT ON FOX BUSINESS U LIED MORON
WELL LINDSEY GRAHAM YOU LIED I JUST HEARD YOU HAVE MET WITH THE RUSSIAN  SHAME ON U
@TerryBelveal @LindseyGrahamSC I'd bet ole Shep doesn't believe AG, Sessions had nothing to do with Russia. Shep likes to spew hate
He lied to Congress.  Lock him up!!

Funny how @sengraham2016 @clairecmc  forgot they met with Russian ambassadors! Term limits needed to help you remember!
GET RID OF SHEP SMITH!
We had 2 democrat AG's who were involved in various corrupt decisions- AG Sessions is an honest leader!
Well you're a fool.  RUSSIA RUSSIA  $$ -> Twit-Ler + sessions = illegitimacy / treason
it's not "FAKE NEWS" as #POTOS claims...it's FAKE TRUMP ADMIN" as the plot thickens...#shadybunch
Wow, nobody else does. Imagine that.
I don't believe him. He didn't believe the Clintons. You hounded HRC. Political?
Graham is deaf dumb and blind if re: Sessions. It's pretty obvious to the American people that the WH is corrupt.
this is sheer  garbage. Graham, McCain & chaffez need cross aisle stand with Democrats. Man so tired theze aholes
Senator, show us all what it means to be patriotic Americans. Place country over party. Do this soon.
Keep backing each other and you all will fall. 
#DrainTheSwamp
go back to your network of choice with McCain. CNN.
Sorry but Saudi Arabia FUNDED and COLLUDED with the Clintons; So did Donna Brazile and Debbie Shultz w CNN...
Fox can you just send @ShepNewsTeam over to CNN already, he has their talking points down pat
Really? Double standard much? #SessionsLied #IndependentInvestigation
Back tracking Lindsey Graham?
@GOP let's investigate Obama, Lynch, justice Dept, IC for wrong doing in campaign and admin.
JEFF SESSIONS IS A WONDERFUL MAN AND DID NOT LIE ABOUT ANYTHING.  THE DEMOCRATS ARE THE DEVILS IN THE DETAILS.
Stay a Republican not a RINO. Sessions is in the right here, so don't help the Dems. They want you out too Graham!
Spot on, it's about time the Republicans beat the Dems into the ground. Unlike when Dems did it this is justified!
Shep and Graham need to resign now!
Get something done to benefit America.  This kind of shit is why Congress has a 20% approval rating!!
Thankyou
… Finally some common sense Shep......still love you… Just count to 10
These are IED's left by the Obama admin. to disrupt our New President. Very disrespectful of the office by Obama.
he was clearly asked did you have ANY contact..not just during election. Hes a liar and the truth is beneath him.
he eerks me.. i simply do not like this host .. never have .
Believe you lying teen too.

Fools
#Globalist puppet selling out #Americans especially working Poor+Middle Class..
SEN. Graham Thanks for Standing up for TRUTH !!!
. I believe him also, can we just do away with the Dem, party, because they all need to be at daycare,stop whining.
"campaign contacts". Those are keywords 
Suppose Smith had a show and no watched, we can only hope.
Shrp is absolutely giddy about this issue.
@ShepNewsTeam is so predictable. Gives us our daily Russian reminders.  He like a broken record. Time for him togo
we love Mr Lindsey!!  Good luck Jeff 
So do I.
Even Gubber got it right @FoxNews @AngelWingsSC55 @LindseyGrahamSC
don't get too excited short timer
Is Graham & his buddy, McCain, dangerous to our nation's security with their extreme anti-Russian rhetoric?
when can we go beyond party lines and think and decide on our own #thatwillmakeamericagreat
shep needs to go work gor CNN or MSNBC
contact is contact under constitution of his making.
bet this killed Sheppard to hear.
Shep is a big douche
ty Senator for standing with your party. All the left is doing is hurting themselves even more for smearing
regarding election regarding election regarding ELECTION
totally agree. Can't stand Shepard or Lindsey. He wants the podesta emails to go away too! 
Shep needs to resign from Fox News.
I believe Sessions too. Ur not going to find a truer patriot then him. Finally ur making sense Lindsay.
Graham's belief is about to get seriously challenged.
If you continue allowing @DNC to cause this overthrow of our elected govt you are a traitor to America.
This reporter is not hiding his bias. Fox wants true and fair news. He might go to CNN!
like the fake Swedish guy?
RINO graham and brokeback buddy mccain need to just put (D) after their names and be honest.
o God not shep again ! 
Their calling for Ag to resign with no evidence he even did anything wrong ... more Dem scratching at Trumps ankles...
what do you call lying under oath both verbally and written?  I call that perjury.
@FoxNewsInsider@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC Did you get a call from Russia with love, that made you walk back?
@themadanthony Doesn't Shep have to get his nail done and get a new dress or thing. Fox put Hemmer in his place.
@ShepNewsTeam You know you are not reporting fair and balanced. It's obvious your disdain for the Trump Admin.
why don't you investigate Obama and his ppl dispersing intelligence doc around the government so it was leaked
I don't care about this.  Get to the country unless to hard?
Dems be careful what you wish for. Christie and Guilliani are warming up in the bullpen.
the moon is made of cheese.
That is NOT the question he was asked at all. We have seen the video of the Congressional hearing. He lied.
Again there is nothing there,they just want him to recuse himself like Loretta Lynch did after meeting BC on tarmac.Hypocrisy from libidiots
can't stand shep I can't stand his voice or his expressions he is a liberal
I cannot stand this punkass shepherdsmith
