And the problem is?
And ur bill allowed employees to drop ins,  we will stand by Bernie.
.@BillCassidy I wonder why there’s a reason you believe this 
There it is. Would rather see us die & keep his donors. SHAME, SHAME, SHAME. You are no doctor. Betrayer of Hippocratic Oath: "Do no harm."
He's a dr? I wasn't sure. He only mentioned it 1000 times last night.
Yeah and he’s paid off by the insurance companies. That’s why he believes what he does.
Ask anyone providing health insurance for the employees if they think that is a BAD idea. #outoftouchmuch?
Not having that deduction from my check anymore! Heaven!
Yeah, since everyone would be covered. You lying clown. #KimmelTest
My employer giving me money instead of holding healthcare over my head would be a nice change.
How about waiting in line for months for appointments?
I would rather find a way to train more doctors to reduce waits than shorten waits by keeping others from having access. #CassidyGraham
@FoxNews @newtgingrich R Americans paying attn Dems want 2put everyone on medicare no pvt/employer health ins Dems took $500bill fr medicare
Sounds great! Let's do it. #MedicareForAll
Uh, yeah. That's what single payer means. It means we all have the same insurance. I'm waiting for the cons here.
Wait, are you telling me that my wellbeing wouldn't be tied to my shitty job anymore? That's fucked up man. Thanks for the heads up.
Yours would throw millions off their plans and devastate them financially. You’re grasping at straws. Even your colleagues know it’s bad.
Jesus, your answer about defunding planned parenthood was horrendous. It saved that woman’s life. You didn’t even give shit.
Just curious.  How much do you send to planned parenthood?
Wouldn't that benefit both employers and employees?  My employer says we can not have a raise because they pay so much for our healthcare.
Bei g able to quit my job and not worry about my healthcare? That'd be amazing!
I'm ok with that. 
Single payer should be the eventual goal, but I see it taking 40 years not 4.
Sounds amazing. Who would need that if a benefit of citizenship was the best healthcare in the world? Also, employers would save BIGLY!
No one is going to save ANYTHING. Taxes will raise astronomically.
How does the rest of the first world afford it? Under smart govt control, costs would drop precipitously.
Taxes raise but you don't have co-pays and deductibles 
California alone for one year $400 billion to implement single payer. Foolish move, very. We are a different country than the others.
Different how? What makes America America?
Well, you know, we like spending a lot more money for fewer people to have medical care with worse outcomes. There's that. 
YES! Putting an end to the "Golden Handcuffs" that keep so many people in jobs they hate because they are afraid of losing HC. This is GOOD.
Good! Small and large businesses both would benefit! Great point, Cassidy. Shameful that you try to use it negatively. You're no doc.
Wow, isn't that why it's called medicare for all? Wow genius
good take the burden off companies and dramatically lower prices for Americans. Ooooo noooooo so scary
What good could possibly come of not being chained to an employer bc of healthcare??? A lot.

Good maybe Boeing will get an even greater advantage against Airbus
That's amazing, thank you for promoting #medicareforall. 
Lmao.
Bill, put on your big boy panties and listen. With single payer, why would anyone need private insurance. That is the point, Billy.
It's sad when my in-laws have to pay $2000 a month for healthcare with a $3500 deductible!! Thanks Obama care
No shit Sherlock. Employers won't need to provide healthcare. So they could pay employees more. Isn't that a shocking concept.
So?
You mean the plans that have been quadrupling  in premiums and deductibles over the last 4 or 5 years? Gee, hate to have that happen.
You failed like a !!!!!
How is that a bad thing???
I'm trying to think of a HC insurance that doesn't have employment ties, is paid out like defense spending, has portability, covers every1.
Yo Einstein, that's the point. #ApologiesToEinstein
You say that like it's a bad thing.
Where do I sign up??  That sounds awesome !
The whole point of single payer is that you DONT NEED INSURANCE. You know this, quit being obtuse and misleading people.
Which, if you think about it, would increase employer profits and possibly lead to increased pay.
The problem is that not all workers have the option to get employer sponsored health insurance. What's the answer to that? Stay healthy?
Perfect!
Actually, Bernie also suggested Employers might pay in for it and if so, it would only cost them 75% of what it does now.
Uh yeah, the same insurance u said last night allows CEOs to profit 2 much off us. If no ins comps, can go to any dr u want w no ceo subsidy
Yes! You are now free to pursue your hearts desire instead of being a slave to a yuck job with "benefits"
GOOD! Cheaper for employers and more for employees!
My employee sponsored  health insurance is more expensive than my mortgage.   I'm ok with Bernie's plan if it lowers cost,
Yes!!! Why let greedy insurance make BILLIONS when people can't even get decent healthcare???
So what's your point?
Actually you would think those free market loving conservatives would like that idea...
That’s awesome! Get rid of the middle man, eliminate that profit driven waste! #MedicareForAll
Great! That's the point! Many "gig" economy biz hire outsourced or inde-contract to avoid paying benefits, so single payer helps
Rendering something unecessary isnt the same as "doing away" with it. It would still be something that could be offered if desired.
Well no it wouldnt. It would do away with it being necessary for most. But it would not prohibit an employer offering it.

Got to keep preexisting conditions and don’t cut Medicare.  You know these things!   Come on man!

It would do away with profit based healthcare insurance. Save Billions!
employer sponsored health insurance doesn't cover everyone, is inefficient, & should have never been the model. #singlepayernow
Yes that's the point
Awesome
Employer-provided insurance is a pain and limits my personal & professional options
Yes! that's fine so long as people have coverage. Why should insurance companies profit from American illness and health promo activities?
I'd love that.
Not true!!!!! I live in Canada. Had extra health care per my job as a nurse. Geeze. Learn about things before talking.
Employers everywhere are probably rejoicing at that idea. Easier for them to run their actual business! #smallbusiness #aca #MedicareForAll
Many employers do not provide insurance, or cover the needs, hence millions without insurance. They don't live off of tax payers like you.
your awful plan would do away with healthcare coverage for 32 million Americans, to give tax cuts to your billionaire donors.
Yes! The supposedly business friendly GOP should embrace this aspect of single payer. Why should employers be responsible 4 #Healthcare ????
Finally! And #MedicareForAll is cheaper. Tell us what you dislike abt it @BillCassidy
Well I for one LOVE my employer sponsored plan - which is the ONLY plan they offer - w/a $3000 deductible and $120 co-pay. #MinWageROCKS
Your bill is crap & SP is a red herring. Fucking focus. Stop kneecapping ACA & listen to @ChrisMurphyCT & @PattyMurray et al on fixing it.
Your plan would take health care away from millions. Youre leaving out the part where Bernie's would give EVERYONE Medicare. #MedicareForAll
Yes dummy, that's the idea.
So what- maybe if everyone in same plan it would be cheaper- ever think if that asshole?
This is a good thing.  People will have the freedom to change jobs without worrying.
And that would help business. As you know. You liar and manipulator. #noleadership
Also, your position on this issue is contrary to your oath as a physician. Sad but despicable.#VoteNoGrahamCassidy
Your "plan" will do away with people. #VoteNoGrahamCassidy #impeachTrumpnow
Yes, and it would give accessible healthcare to 100% of citizens. ONE HUNDRED PERCENT. What does your awful bill do?
That's right, it would save every single employer & employee tons of cash! This is a very astute observation Mr Bill. Better coverage 4 less
No more deductibles! No more co pays! Higher wages bec employers aren't bogged down by bloated admin costs using insurance companies
Yah! No one would need it! Everyone would be covered! You show a pathetic understanding of what you@are talking about.
Yea, it would. It would also provide relief to business owners who would no longer have to pay for their employees plans genius.
It also provides freedom of movement for workers. You would no longer be trapped in a job you hate for the benefits.
Healthcare is a human right.
EVERYONE knows #GrahamCassidy will kill more 
R & D Americans each year than 9-11. And EVERYONE know you are doing this for !
#DumpGrahamCassidy
Bernie's plan isn't even on the table, Jackass. We're talking the ACA vs. Trumpcare and Trumpcare is the WORST
Employer based health insurance is big problem & generally a very bad idea. It keeps the market segmented which benefits insurance companies
You have lied consistently on this topic. You are not a good person.
Sounds fantastic; sign me up. Employers don’t pay to sponsor health insurance—part of the value they expropriate from workers’ labor does.
and your bill does away with the employer mandate ... and no replacement for that loss
Hey @BillCassidy I've worked for hospital group 28 yrs. We now have some of the WORST insurance! Even eliminated employee discount.
Employer-provided insurance plans have no incentive to care about long-term health. National single-payer sys. has every incentive to so so.
A single insurance plan that is portable across employers, and available regardless of whether or how much people work. Sounds good to me.
good.
Okay... wouldn't that be better? People are always hitching about the burden on business owners... or like popping snot bubbles because
Some religious cry baby doesn't want to cover women's healthcare. Now you would get to be a religious prick and they get birth control...
wow! then employers couldn't hold healthcare over our head too make us obey and settle for lower pay. Scary....for them, not the people
Oh no! I might get my compensation in the form of wages instead of having Blue Cross jack thousands a year I never see.
Uhh... good?
Thank the Gods.  Nothing worse than having your healthcare tied to your employer, making it harder for you to leave that job.
That's the idea and guess what, all kinds of businesses would benefit. Single payer could really kick start a wave of entrepreneurism.
Medicare is soooo scary...
So scary that it's the most popular insurance program in the US.
Canada hates their Medicare so much it has a 94% approval rating.
So awful.
You live in a bubble
Your heart is rubble
You have no compassion
And don't even care
Your healthcare bill
Is full of hot air
Ok. Let's do that.
no...please don't take away my expensive, convoluted plan
Terrific for small biz owners to remove the burden. There's a whole lot of us working for #Med4All - thanks for the shoutout Bill.
Fabulous idea, everyone has skin in the game! Too many complaining about a system they don't understand! #individualmarket
Its a feature, not a bug.
You s don’t want it either tell the truth
good!
Good
A job change often requires a 60-90 day waiting period for health benefits. Of course you can cobra for $5-600/month. Not a good option.
It hasn't in Great Britain
The best case that you and your co-conspirator can make is "It's not Obamacare." You're right. Your bill is 100x worse that ACA.
I would start my own business if I didn't have to stay at my current job just to get insurance.
Our plans are profit-driven, which motivates companies to deny reasonable health care. I'm an m.d. who supports single payer b/c it's right.
You can have single payer AND private insurance. Dual systems where you can have private to pick up what isn't covered, or just stick to
Do you know how many millions of people stay at jobs they hate just for the health insurance? Horribly inefficient and sad.
Don't be a socialist
#NoSinglePayerHealthCareSystemEver
Yes!!!   What are waiting for?
Liar. I have read the proposed law. Room for enhancements by corporations, pay premiums etc. This is about healthcare for all-comprehensive!
Because it would be replaced with single payer.
And So What?
I wouldn't need employer sponsored heathcare if I had single payer.
BS YOUR PLAN DOES AWAY WITH EMPLOYEE INS., PRE EXISTING COND. UNPROTECTED; DISABLED, ELDERLY PAY MORE GET LESS  U SCREWING US BILL!
Yeah that's kind of the point, dude.
And that's a good thing. You shouldn't lose your health insurance if you lose your job. Just hits unemployed when they're down.
#Shutup
Better for small business and employees who are restricted by what employers can afford.
Universal healthcare for  all is the only fiscally responsible solution
I thought Trump was the biggest bullshit artist in DC...but you and pansy graham are right there with him. Wonder why UR hated...you lie.
#HealthCareDebate get rid of employer sponsored. All Americans in one pool. #ACA and employer pools separate is stupid. People shift between
Healthcare as a benefit is becoming increasingly rare, thus most working people are already in the pool.
We agree. But one combined pool is best
That honestly sounds amazing. No longer being tied to a dead-end job just to not die. Sign me up!
yeah, because there would be no more INSURANCE. Healthcare would become a right. #HealthCareDebate #CassidyGraham #cassidylies
Like in the Former Soviet Union, or North Korea #Resist "Liberals" Believe in Just DEMANDING What They Want #LikeCriminals #HealthCareDebate
I love the fearmongering.  No real substance, just lots of platitudes and fearmongering.
LOL Yeah History Is Fear Mongering but Man Made Climate Change Is Real #SMH #Resist #TrumpRussia #Impeach45
93% of the world's scientists say it's so.  And your history is weak to begin with.  But I don't have the patience to correct troglodytes.
LOL Poor You!
BTW, I'm Jewish. Jesus isn't the son of G-d according to us, the religion of Jesus. As for human history, there was 20K b4 Jesus.  #BIGOT
And that would be fabulous!
Why the fuck are employers even involved in health care? What other wealthy nation does that?
And Bill Cassidy is a Liar! Bless your heart
Good!!
Good
Sounds great to those of us who are self employed entrepreneurs!
It's time to uncouple insurance from employers. People used to have to stay at jobs they hated to keep their insurance. Not with the ACA.
...but as you damn well know, "Medicare for All" would keep private insurance one could buy to supplement what Medicare doesn't cover!
You had this person arrested... What about their plan?
So.  Then it would be easier to go out on your own and start new business and create more jobs.  Wouldn't worry about ins
That may be the first accurate thing I've seen from you. Unintended consequence?
Cut the military budget
Maybe not bad? I think it's been demonstrated that the larger the risk pool the lower the prices. Largest risk pool would be everybody, no?
Oh wait- you aren't talking to citizens- you'r e warning employers that they will lose leverage. My bad!
Ok.
To my employer I am merely replaceable cog in their machine. Why do they have a say in my healthcare to start with?
I want a single payer option. If you believe so strongly in choice, why are you denying me that choice?
Bernie beat the crap out of you in tonight's CNN debate. But hey better luck next time.

If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 

JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
No it wouldn't.   Employer would just pay into the single system, just like they pay ins premiums or SS taxes now.  #healthcaredebate
So will your program!!
Fake news.
Your plan seriously undermines it. With Bernie's plan employer based  insurance is no longer necessary. Ppl won't B hostages 2 their jobs
Duh
It'll also do away with losing your Healthcare if you lose your job. What a concept!
Most employers would *LOVE* that.
Since y'all favored ending employer sponsored ins, seems rather hypocritical, doesn't it?
That's a lie. Employer base insurance would stay but would be cheaper and even in the event you quit would continue.
and this is a problem why?
Great! Employer-sponsored health insurance is one of the worst ideas ever. Why should an employer be responsible for your healthcare?
The best way to increase small business growth is to do away with employer-sponsored insurance, so people aren't afraid to leave their jobs.
Also, it would allow small businesses to better compete with big corporations by not having to provide expensive health insurance.
Fact is that @GOP isn't really interested in helping individuals & small businesses. They are in the pocket of big corporations & Wall St.
Bernie would do away with employers. At least the small ones, who don't contribute enough to him. #MansionDwellingHypocrite
Your plan eliminates the employer mandate. 

#HealthCareDebate
Your healthcare plan is pathetic and immoral!  Shame on you!

Fake news.  It’s the republican way!


 

I'd rather have #singlepayer
That would be excellent. Millions and millions of wasted dollars
Yes, and?
Hence, the term "single payer".
Yes. Hence, "single payer." Jesus, you're bad at this.
Awesome! Health Insurance is stupid.
News flash: employer funded healthcare is taxpayer funded too bc the companies get a tax credit for providing healthcare. They're lying to u
They also get excellent socialized healthcare, meaning their healthcare is taxpayer funded. They don't think u deserve healthcare only them
@LindseyGrahamSC  so what. Just because you have the best employer sponsored health care in the US?
Your desperation is palpable.
I'd like to know how you expect any American in California to benefit, our state government is corrupt! 1/2
We don't only have an insurance problem, we also have a problem with the Doctors, don't care anymore, it's always more pills !!!
