Museum staff & other ordinary people that didn't want the monuments removed.Steve, so I guess in ur mind every advocate there was a racist?
Yeah, don't think so. Were they the ones carrying the NAZI flags or the ones shouting Jews won't replace us?
No they were just average normal every day Citizens but I guess in your mind because they were white they were all Nazis or supremacist.
What about the paramilitary gear they wore?  Or AR-15's they brought?  Peaceful, you say?
The same Antifa that killed 5 police officers in Texas. Do u condone that?
I'm not supporting ANTIFA terrorists. Not sure who that question was directed at. There were many hate groups in Charlottesville& some not.
Do u agree that the ALT Aright have a right to protest?  Open carry is legal in that State. If u don't like it change the law.
Peaceful protest is not bringing guns to the party.  Alt-right did.  Anti-alt-right did not.
You can be against Nazis & against removal of statues of Confederate. It's heritage, not hatred. Let's not revise our history.
History doesn't change. It will stand - in books, in shared memory. 
Who we honor, however, does change.
One group did decide: white people
No, we as a society decide. It's not one group - but what principles. Do we honor those that fought AGAINSTthe USA and for slavery?
His question was who decided. The answer is white people decided to erect confederate statues & monuments during the beginning of Jim Crow.
No, I agree. 
I was just trying to slow walk to that point. Conclusion: white people decided so they could intimidate POC.
They were USA citizens with a permit and constitutional right to speak without being attacked.
You meam others with helmets and bats looking for war.  Nazis, KKK and racists are despicable! But right to speak.
Strange then that the Nazists had weapon caches stored throughout the city...

Trump just said antifa started fight on sat by "charging in swinging clubs" at racists. Video shows the  opposite 
Who's who ? All racists #BLM,KKK, WhiteSupremacists,Antifa. #LockemAllUp
Stop being so literal...he was trying not to insult anyone and was trying to condemn at the same time. I think you knew what he meant.
Same can be asked of those on the left.  Get it?
The curious locals. 
They were citizens exercising their rights under the Constitution. Not all people there were radicals.
You have become so bitter over the last few years..  so sad.  I guess too much time spent w/ @BillKristol & not enough time w/ @krauthammer
Cannot stand you! You were always a never Trumper... pathetic lil man.
Hiw did u mss the point...too busy looking to make a problem?
Really?  So people who beat others with Tiki torches and made Nazi salutes are good people?
That is not at all what he said..and you know it
He said that the Friday night protest was peaceful.  A man just died after being hit with a Tiki torch.  Keep defending Nazis
Antifa,BLM, Nazi's, Skin heads, KKK same shit different smell
How about those that attended solely to support keeping historic statues?
Your arrogance is so annoying. There were people there pro monuments, not KKK or white supremacists. How hard is that to understand?
He was talking about the people who want the statues to stay and those who want to tear it down. To say otherwise is disingenuous.
@realDonaldTrump likes anyone that likes him and who do you suppose these neo-nazis and white nationalists voted for in 2016?
This one was there to preserve history. I think many went not knowing who else would show up.
But you have to admit showing up with torches was probably the wrong way of going about it.  Lash yourself to the statue if you want to.
Well if people are equating that with the KKK (I thought more of lighters at a concert), then people should remember Dems started KKK.
Yep southern democrats did.  Since they are still strong in the south can you explain this? I'll wait. Or maybe they are Republicans now. 
Maybe @stephenhayes doesn't consider these 'fine people' but anyone calling them racist/KKK is being irrational.
I was looking for that to tweet to him today and couldn't find it!
they were there marching peacefully until antifa showed up and started hitting them with bats and bricks. WS and KK  not invited orwanted.
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/formally-recognize-antifa-terrorist-organization-0 …
I the NK the young lady that was killed was a fine person. She was a part of either group.
cc: @SenJohnMcCain @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats
"Neither...qualified" - Amend XX
#integrity #nullify2016
Not all who want the statues to stay due to historical significance are white supremacist @LindseyGrahamSC . Keep lying though.Suits you!
What's the historical significance? Show the "historical" statue of Hitler & the nazi's in Germany—stop hiding behind history—its honoring
The concentration camps are the statues of Hitler. They remain as reminders of what took place. Here are a few
beatings, raping, torture and etc. (2)
HE NEVER SAID VERY FINE PEOPLE, ANY VIOLENT GROUP IS TERRIBLE, ANY PARTY, ANY GROUP, ANY VIOLENT GROUP. THEY NEED TO BE PUNISH STRONGLY.
He did not say they marched with them. Read his speech!He said there were good people on the left and the right.  Not members of hate groups

I thought they were people who protested the removal of the statue? Not affiliated with supremacists... why try to twist meaning?
The lady that died in Charlottesville. She was there to demonstrate. Was she not a "very fine person"?
And on the other side, there were the bussed in BLM and violent Antifa but then there were good people there just protesting racism.
I've read of several that were just there to protest the removal of the statue
While chanting "blood and soil" by firelight?
Not the same people idiot just like not all protesters were with BLM or Antifa.
The night before set the tone. Anyone innocent to the meaning of being there after the posters advertising + blood and soil have no excuse
Physically touching people is against the law our First Amendment right protects you no matter what you want to say.
FYI:
A point u apparently missed: The Nazis no matter how repugnant, had a permit and a right to assemble in a specific area. That area was....
...attacked by antifa all while VA LEOs were ordered to stand down by some high official. IE let antifa beat up the repugnant but lawful...
...assembly. Other than the car attack  repugnant nazis used weapons (shields) in defense of assembly area n 1 approach. Video backs this.
I hate nazis but my opinion matters not vs their right to assemble as long as they r peaceful. Nor does your opinion or the antifa...
Residents, Americans, heritage group, veterans group! Many protesting statue removal, not just extremists! Don't label regular folks!
NOT what he said.   He said nothing about "marched with or along side".   Your hate shows more every day.
Actually Trump said there were "very good people" on both sides, which includes these racist new-nazis.  Trump needs that base for support
I guess u condone the actions of murdering & raping thugs of Antifa (aka BLM & OWS)? The same violent thugs that existed b4 Trump was Pres
We're u there...please don't comment unless u were there. Next a left wing group protests with violence we want to hear from u
R THEY REFERING TO THE SINGAPORE NAZI SUPPORTERS OR NAZI SYMPATHIZERS?
Twist what he said. Not everyone out marching was a Supremacist. Some wanted to exercise their positive free speech.
Missed pics of other side carrying shields.  No questions from you on police failure to keep groups separated.  Must have wanted the riot
Screw you & @BillKristol & that rag of a publication you produce that nobody is buying. @potus @TEN_GOP
I am a very fine person, tho I didn't march. Why destroy history? Learn from it! Hate nazis KKK. Some of us are not radicals!
You, sir, are a liar. That is NOT what he said and you know it.
They were the ones not wearing helmets, body armour and carrying a sign nailed to a baseball bat You are the News Nazi twisting the facts
The ones who got the permit to lawfully ask to stop the madness of removing a Robert E. Lee statue.
Ok, I see only shields, ah antifa have guns, no problem!!!
Who are we?...locals who showed up Sat to protest both sides of the issue ask abt who bused in ANTIFA/BLM people that started the violence
Watch @OANN at 5pm this evening for the truth! The White Supremacist narrative is #bullshit! Blood is on Va Dem Govt. #DrainTheSewer!
Hey Lindsey why did u take money from Hillary? # traitor
Well, since Graham, @SenateMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan & media won't condemn leftist violence . . . is it Antifa who are very fine people?
Some attending rally - (R) Civil War re-enactors wanting to preserve history (L) Heather Heyer RIP et al?
No that's not what he said
Hitler said the same thing, look where it got him! Disgraceful, leave our country!
Republicans watch and share ASAP!!!
Graham is a closet homosexual who is a traitor and a war monger. You need to hear this bud.
Traitors in Republican seats: https://youtu.be/L50JyrbK_R0 
People who don't want statues removed.
If a group of KKK want to get together to protest, and black lives matters runs a counter protest - what do you think will happen.
Is it impossible to believe that some people want the statues to stay but they're not KKK or nazi - it represents 90% of people -
Why don't you folks quit resisting and work with him. Give him an opportunity to make the change. Instead of criticizing, just shut up!
@LindseyGrahamSC that is not what he said or happend. He said many fine people support RE Lee statue. Lindsey from SC knows
Good research.
You only see what you want to see too bad!!
being pretty dishonest here.

JUSTICE FOR HEATHER! RT THIS TILL SHE GETS IT!!https://twitter.com/acluva/status/896386562484731904 …
I'm sure everyone you disagree w/you don't hate. What's wrong with them marching w/o violence? Which part of ANTIFA do you support? #MAGA
I'm more worried that POTUS looks more and more like the lefty swamp. Also, renegade senate swampers Rep$Dem.
Where are the pics of the shield and clubs picictures of counter protestors. No, not defending the killer.
There is literally nothing he could say that wouldn't bunch your panties#idodeclare#vapors
I say again, S. Graham, when will you put forth the bill to require all presidential candidates to put forth 15 years of tax returns?
I think The President got that one wrong
You are one of the reasons I have given up on watching Fox News. Sad
Don't agree with POTUS.
This is the reason for term limits #lindseygraham look out side you're bubbly you'd see there was people not apart of kkk stop speeding lies
I believe he said the ones protesting rmv of statues,.. all protesters are not haters
One was the girl who was killed!
Yeah yeah we got that from Vice News ... any truth to the double-agent Nazi Soros funded as well as the Antifa? #chaos #concealed
throw everyone in a blanket and call them all the same. Stupid comment. Just like Obama.Get out of the party
It's time for you to go. Term limits is what we need for all you shady politicians.
He has got to be smoking crack at this point right?
You unbelievable mind boggling super stupid republicans cannot understand that not sticking together and going against trump will cost you .
You take Trumps word out of context, he didn't say they marched with the white supremacists, only there were some very fine people there
We know Stephen is a never Trumper. His opinion means very little at this point.
Looks like you've embellished the story quite a bit! You know damn well that he meant not "everybody" on either side was a bad person! #POS
Some might be Those paid actors people on the right are talking about
They are those who were there saying keep the reminders of the past so we never go back there.
Ehy dont you give it up. Enuff is just the ENUFF
Had a police officer protecting one kid holding his confederate flag-that's one!
https://twitter.com/tellitl27829622/status/898512148841644036 …
Did you denounced #Rent-A-Thug #ANTIFA #BLM?
"Fine people" don't define themselves as haters, rascists, #Terrorists , #KKK or - increasingly- supporters of #TrumpTheImpeachable
Lots of people there that,supported neither violent group..somehow thought police/mayor would protect them from thugs/ failed
I know you like to blame @POTUS. It saves u from putting blame where it belongs: weak Republicans, led by by ur buds @SpeakerRyan, @Reince.
Maybe those who are sick of the brainwashed trying to whitewash history.
Give me a break Steve, you know there were good honest decent people that were there just to protest the removal of the statue
Let's show a picture of all the blm and antifa people that were there, not exactly angels
Go educate yourself on the Patriot movement and the III%. They were there in large numbers and were peacefully protesting.
Research what their cause is. One of which isn't white supremacy, hatred or bigotry.
You hang on every syllable. You day is great when you dissect something to make potus look bad. You know what he was saying. Disgusting news
"They're right there! Can't you see them" --Helen Keller
I used to like think you made some sense, but President Trump has revealed you to be just another establishment drone.

I wasn't there, but I wonder if they were folk like me who are good, decent proud Southeners. We're not all racists, dufus.
There are only 500 members in the KKK. #BanWhiteSupremacists #MAGA #OneNationUnderGod
The alt-left:
You are mistaken.  He was referring to both sides of politics sir.  Read the whole speech.
Here r some fine people, u can tell by the khakis & polos their wearing. Guess the torches were a symbol of . So disgustingly pathetic.
They aren't.
They are people who got caught up in the mob mentality.
Check with Daily Mail, they seem to have information everyone on this side of the pond is ignoring... including you. #Trump
@realDonaldTrump said there were BAD people on both sides. NOT fine ppl. Saw whole exchange. You misrepresent & lie #FakeNewsAlert #FakeNews
Who the eff cares? Move on
Constitutionalists who genuinely protested tearing down of Robert e Lee statue. Even ACLU support them. Had legal permit 2 protest. Find ppl
Yeah right, they would be stupid to say who they were, condescension Is ugly
Stephen honestly get a life
@JoeNBC @weeklystandard Maybe the ones who are against monument desecration, and care about conserving history for posterity.
Too bad Trump had foot in mouth disease. I don't think grandfather of Jewish kids supports KKK. Do you? Really? He's just awful off the cuff
There were actually Citizens who just wanted memorials preserved and lessons learned from the past. No assoc w crazies! It hapnd U Jerk
The people who were there to protest not Antifa or kkk now do understand
He was saying not all people there were there to cause violence are you really that ignorant
@LindseyGrahamSC people who pay taxes and follow the law. What's your issue dopey?
I sat and watched the whole thing... the people you don't seem to be able to see are at the outer edges TRYING to get out... local citizens
He didn't say they were marching along side.
Why didn't you go and find them!!  Losing you Steve!!
Simply racists in a shirt and tie. God says,"Can two walk together except they agree?"Amos 3:3; A fine person wouldn't walk w. hate mongers.

Names?I heard person who was there on radio who isn't a white supremacist just supports our language, borders & culture. So do I. Don't U?
I guess he consider these people are very fine ones
So sick of you twisting what he says so you're telling us there was not one good person there ? And you support all other hate groups
Probably HilLIARy mentors Just say no to the KKK!!!
https://twitter.com/stockmonsterusa/status/897743362769342464 … 
Meanwhile, back in 1999 Trump is honored for a lifetime of helping African American Communities

#WednesdayWisdom …
Good question! Why can't they be identified?
He said they were there first! Plain ole southerners. Not "matching alongside." You need to really listen better. All do.
Marching.
@LindseyGrahamSC @weeklystandard You showed a picture of White Supremacist' s What is that supposed to prove?
Here's some of the various groups, just regular folks trying to do good.
Many protested to maintain US history, not a Stalinist purge of RE Lee. Many are not white supremacists; some Neo-Nazis's protested too.
Please go back and listen to what he said the first time and then when he found out other stuff was happening later on then he went  TV
Did you see the story in NY Times about people who drove a long way to object to Lee statue removal?  Not nazis
and we are watching our corrupt senate and congress....go Trump
STOP
Their minds are video games that absorb information, mostly bad (sick) from their sample(father does not represent).
pride has gotten in the way of @stephenfhayes honesty. he does not know every person that was there yet knows there were no decent people?
Hayes not to worry you are not one of the "very fine people".
According to the NYT there were regular people there to protest removing statues
There were people there just protesting the statues that were not with the white supremacists, stupid!
Excellent article
#Potus meant people who were against destroying monuments but were not white supremacists. And YOU KNOW THIS. Shame on you.
Americans who don't think our history should be erased
There were PPL that were not in White SUPR. or Right ALT groups. PPL who just want to keep our statues, that represent American history
Off the top of my head the open carry advocates that were no where near the Nazis.
Name one, Mr. President. @realDonaldTrump   Name just one (1) very fine White Supremacist marcher, Don.   I double dog dare you.
I believe that there were persons who believed that we should not change history, and never expected that they would become mixed in this
They were marching to stop the statues from coming down...right?
The very fine people didn't get an invitation to this shit show
Do you want the Constitution,Bill of Rights,our flag erased? Do you want the D.C. establishment (you?) to squeeze Taxpayers (a new slavery)?
You don't understand the protesters paid for by Soros (who wants to destroy the $) & organized by Obamas, Clintons, via Moveon & J. Kessler.
We wouldn't rely on a cuck (agenda) to tell the truth. Let's hear from actual Patriots; Constitutionalists. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLA4lEtmH2A …
Aren't you suppose to be working 4 the American people?
"When people show you who they are, believe them" from great Maya Angelou. I believe what Trump showed me right away. Some R slow learners.
oh stamp your little feet and then DO NOTHING
U R being ridiculously literal. He was referring to pple like me (& YOU as per your comments on @SpecialReport) who don't want to delete hx.

Graham DID YOU FORGET YOU LIED ABOUT YOUR MILITARY SERVICE
Certainly not you.
They may have been people AGAINST KKK and White supremacist but are against the removal of our AMERICAN HISTORY!!!
The .@FoxNews correspondent worked hard but failed to evoke a racist response from any of the 3. None seemed aware of "white supremacy."
Just maybe these "fine people" are just white non racist people who forefathers fought for the Confederacy.
