Screw u wanting to hurt our country for you political gain! ALL to cut taxes for ur precious donors! How do people vote for this evil?
Take the tragic bill elsewhere and SHAME ON YOU.  Shame on you, Senator.
Your president wants to kill millions with a nuke and you want to kill millions with your health care bill...God is watching !!
Where can I find a copy of your bill to review?
NOPE, will never watch Fox news. Like their movies and series shows but the news is trash.
God Bless John McCain
Withdraw your bill, sir. AMA, AHA, & now BIPARTISAN all 50 state med. dirs. denounce it.
Have no interest in Listening to you push your death sentence to millions of people
AnIntroductionToSinglePayer Know of 2 Canadians sufferering w/ BackProblems who can't get MRI's for Months KeptComfortable on Morphine #MAGA

Speak for Yourself! Hope you don't have ObamaCare. But Perhaps You got what You deserve. #TruthWillOut #MAGA
Another knuckle dragging trumpanzee...troll. Quinn is so very sad.
Would say, you qualify more as a Neanderthal Who were a Subspecies of Archaic Humans that became Extinct 40,000 Yrs Ago...Their Back! #MAGA
You sound just like Trump. Come to think about it you are sort of like a bad reality show yourself.
All 50 states agree that Graham Cassidy will hurt the most vulnerable among us. You guys need to LISTEN!! Including Trump's base.
Sad your using Trump tactics. He beat you once and now he has you on the ropes again. Sad sad sad
@GOP STOP YOUR STUPID HEALTHCARE BILL ONLY THING YOU ARE SHOWING US IS THAT YOUR ALL NAZI LIKE TRUMP
I hate all of you in Congress. Just offering extreme answers to OUR health! You only care about your jobs and donors. #heartless
Why, Graham going to stop lying to the Public?
Stop your healthcare fiasco, please
You should be motivated by the needs of your constituents and NOT the needs of your wealthy donors.
Red States will hurt their own just as Alabama didn't expand Medicaid with one of the highest percentage of recipients.
why dont you go on another network once instead of fox news.
Your buddy Trump is still saying the Russian meddling in the election is a hoax! Call him out!
You are as pathological ... you wanted regular order ... you lied...kickbacks to steal from dens to give to republican states ... liar!!
U mean you're gonna go lie about #preexistingconditions coverage BUT only if states agree & if patients can afford the INCREASE in premiums!
lying seems so easy for him these days.
Yes indeed. He switches like the weather.
Vote NO on your wealthcare bill.
Fox News. An oxymoron. It's worse than 'fake news'.  Being on this program reduces your credibility.
Oh good! Are you going to explain why you care more about the Koch brothers' $ than you do about the people you serve? #alsofuckyou
If I want to here noise I will cut my grass.
Great explanation of the GOP plan on BB. A vote against your bill is a GOP vote for mandate and D.C. Power. 4 states get 40% ACA$ right now!
FOX is where you fit in, with more deplorables. In case you've forgotten, FOX hates gays.
Thank you, Senator Graham. Opposition to this bill proves they want something free. Someone always pay the price. Keep standing tall!

If you want to know how great the Graham-Cassidy bill is for states, the bribe for Alaska is that THEY GET TO KEEP OBAMACARE!!
Stop lying about your healthcare bill.  It sucks and you know it.  Passing the buck to the states is gutless but normal for you guys
No matter how many times you tweet this, my response is the same:
U don't care about us.
Stop feigning interest in the health of Americans.
he cares about winning.
Exactly.
Make it happen. I'm not crazy that we aren't saving the money from Obamacare but I can live with it if we can get healthcare 2 states #MAGA
My health insurance has gone up almost 3grand a month from O'careI want real reform O'care hasn't helped me I have a pre-existing condition
Yes, a month! We have insurance through the company my husband works for
You are kidding, still appear on fox.  Fake news

Your friend McCain will vote no because of his hatred for the president, if the president agrees with a vote to honor Jesus he will vote no.
We must stop congress from having insurance, let them  go without  see how they like  it  No insurance for congress   they work for us
Devastating cuts to Medicaid for the poor, elderly and disabled in your bill. The least of these. Evil. Evil people don't get into Heaven.
Saying a prayer that your hideous and cruel bill does not pass.
Fox News? You really are special. Shame on you what you are doing
Continue lying? Kickbacks. Alaska. Obamacare to 2026. Buying votes? 3 months ago you said no knacks. Liar.
Fox is Fake News!!! Traitor!!
My Prayer this morning is for our Lord  to give you a personal sign or health crisis that changes your plan for the ACA!
Why don’t you ever talk to anyone one with real intelligence? Because talking to an idiot like Bret you don’t get busted. Sick tactics
Your healthcare sounds great but here in California , We Californians want no cash of any reason to be handed to treasonist @JerryBrownGov
You should NOT be on those two White Supremacists channels. I lost all my respect for you. I am from SC. My vote will matter.
No to your bill VOTE YES on HOUSE BILL.
Sorry, we have no power in Puerto Rico...
Your donors must have a large bounty on passing this abhorrent piece of legislation you dare to call healthcare insurance. Shame on you SAD
A pile of junk. Wait for CBO! (Those states refused medicaid money to the detriment of their citizens because were stubbornly anti-Obama)
No Trumpcare
So we can watch you lie? No thanks.
What a fruit cake!  Your bill sucks!
You are the other phoney creep. Big lies about pre existing conditions.
Will you be speaking the truth about healthcare? I didn't think so. Won't be watching. Now if you'd meet with Jimmy Kimmel...
Congrats Senator. You've revealed yourself to be the biggest monster of them all. And that's saying something.
Time for you to retire. You've gone batshit crazy.
Why would we want to listen to you brag about destroying our health care. You are so proud while we are devestated. You have no idea!
2018
It seems you think Americans are stupid, but from the looks of responses - you are wrong & they are on to you. Your bill be the death of GOP
Any state south of the Mason-Dixon line cannot be trusted to administer healthcare.  Federal oversight is essential.
AHA, AMA, AARP all against. It is an awful bill and you know it. I am disgusted with and disappointed in you. Regular order
Disappointed you have sold out on healthcare
What you are attempting to do to your own citizens is criminal. Why would anyone watch a man seeking to remove 32 million from healthcare?
Senator, your bill is a cruel punishment to millions of us. Hope you can't sleep at night.
Maybe you go on a non-Fox program to sell your great and wonderful snake oil? You are already preaching to the choir, Lindsey.
No thanks a PROPAGANDA SHOW IS NOT NEWS & watching you LIE is too shameful as u actively violate ur oath of office
How many people will you kill with this bill??
Do you have a timecard at Fox?
Did your donors make you do this too? Anything you won't do if the big donors ask?
That's all you have to say for yourself today?  "Look everybody! I'm going to be on the TV!"
Shame on you. You know better than this.
Liar
Why? To listen to more lies from your #TeamTreason  Tell the #KochBrothers  you don't need their money! You need a job first! Cuz yr a loser
SHAME on you..party over your political funding from Koch brothers putting health care at risk!!
Is Fox the only channel you are promoting? Give us some fair and balanced on the networks...
Tune in to watch you cause more harm to people? No thanks
Sure do need this millions don't you Lindsay
How about going before a network who'll ask smart questions? Oh because you don't want the truth out? #KillTheBill

.will u b discussing ur new slogan 4 the healthcare bill. "Let them all die" @BillCassidy came up with it
You keep losing me at @FoxNews. When will you come on a different outlet that I actually watch? Your message is landing on deaf ears
Atta boy Lindsey. Get right on that FAKE NEWS spin meister station. What joke.
Liar, liar pants on fire!! WHY would I listen to you, Liar?
Breitbart is nothing more than a hate fleeced racist bigoted propaganda outlet funded by dark money
How come you no longer have a problem with a healthcare bill being written in secret and no regular order. Changed your tune. Shame

And here I was thinking you were one of the last sane Republicans.  This ACA repeal process you are leading is madness.

The GOP is the American based ISIS.
I think we have heard enuff of your lies.
I don't know how you sleep at night. Putting this bullshit out there. Your a better man and senator than that.
I'd rather sit for root canal you lying fraud.

On Faux News?  No thanks
Why? To listen to more of your lies? No thanks!
Not on your life. I'm through thinking you have some receptive character traits.
Spell check gone wrong - redemptive character traits.
Sorry, can't listen to one that is against the American people and for trump.  Don't remember what you swore to support, I guess.
You no longer care about all of SC, you only have to cater to your base to get elected, but demographics are changing, you won't be Strom #2
The GOP is willing to kill millions of Americans to reverse having Obama's name liked to healthcare. So much for pro-life.
#noGrahamCassidy
Shame on you/
Used to have respect for you! GOP senators are children putting wins for the GOP ahead of American citizens. Total dysfunctional failures.
I'm getting my hair done. Thx.
Medicare for all, please!
To celebrate killing millions of Americans by cutting off the poor and aging. FU
Hard pass.
Mr. Graham your are no better than Trump himself. I see that he got to you too. You had that good cop bad cop thing going real good. Dotard!
You seem to always go on FoxNews. Are you afraid of other news outlets or do you fall behind Trump's "Fake News" bandwagon like they do?
Open State lines,
Your bill is a Democide bill! You know it, but don't care about constituents, only donors.
FOX=like you (traitor).
Sorry, don't watch Fox.
Shame on you(McCain not worthy)
Why is Alaska exempt?
Why? To watch you lie? Who the hell do you think you are trying to commit mass murder? Disregarding EVERY professional opinion? Shame on you
Pass this and people will pass on voting for you, when the time comes. Fix what we already have.
You’d think sen mccains honor would’ve rubbed off on you a little bit #hopespringseternal
So very disappointed in you Lindsey
Shame on you and spewing your lies to the American people.
Have no interest in hearing your lies.
EVEN INSURANCE COMPANIES ARE SAYING THIS BILL IS WRONG!!!
To catch your lies about this crappy #GrahamCassidyBill? Hell no. Donors threatening your weak self?? You are not a man of the people.
SHAME!  You're doing this so big donors don't close their wallets.  Purely political.  Ill invite you to my brothers funeral.
No thanks.
Sorry Senator, but your incredibly cruel healthcare plan has tuned me off anything Graham.
What's the discussion? How your bill is going to kill people in general with an extra side of dead Dems? #DeathByGOP
You ought to be ashamed of yourself

BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
Now it all makes sense. The GOP donors want tax cuts. You fools don't care about your constituents. @GOP are vile animals.

Graham, greedy uncaring man.
Koch brothers butt boy. He gladly screws the poor for rich sociopaths as long as they fund his campaign. Shameful
Telling more lies? You realize we all know the truth about this fiasco, right? What a shameful attempt to rob people of their healthcare.
The only ppl supporting this bill are the republicans who screwed the pooch for 8 years and didn't come up with a decent plan.
Your bill stinks and you know it. Just admit you're owned by the health industry and Koch bros - you are an evil evil man!
True colors. Mercer and Koch cash 
Why Fox? They're just a bunch of suck ups. How about @NPR or @JimmyKimmel. They'll be honest with you.
Is this all about the rnc hack?
You're a disgrace to the nation. How could you willingly destroy so  many?  No one is behind the repeal, why not fix?
You're trying to sell the country a bill of goods.  I'm shocked you are part of this nonsense.
Boo. Stop selling something that is hurtful to people.
Not that channel
Per the AMA: #GrahamCasiddy violates the precept of "first do no harm." Millions stand to lose coverage. Vote NO.
Does it actually do away with ACA or just put a new color over it!
Fox News Fake News Why would I watch
Not likely when you are going to lie with a straight face about the real, not theoretical, ability to get preexisting conditions covered
Seriously, you need to get a conscience and regain your soul. Find the right replacement for healthcare if you must, not just "any" plan
Why don't you go straight to hell you two faced bitch
Thank you, Ma'am.
1/2 You have sold out the people of SC and the whole of the US. Remember when you told people at your town hall in Columbia
2/2 you were in a red state & you dis not worry about yyourr job? Well not after we all lose our healthcare because we cant afford it #shame
SHAME ON YOU! We won't forget this.
Hope you can return to reality and ditch this so-called health plan proposal and do your job for the American people!! #dumpthislousybill.
This isn't about HC, you don't want to work w/ Dems to improve the ACA & u will after 9/30.  You're nothing but a snake oil salesman!  Cad!
More lies, I'm sure.
When did you quit caring? When did a win or money buy you?? How in the hell do you sleep at night?
Question, Senator. How much money are you making from donors by writing this dubious bill and lying about it?
So trumpsters can hear you lie about your healthcare bill?
You are such a disappointment
I want to keep my ACA too how will u bribe me oh keep the ACA and I won't hate u
Why are you and every single @SenateGOP so damn afraid to go on @msnbc, for instance? Talk to @maddow @Lawrence @JoyAnnReid. Talk to ALL ?
It's pretty bad when Republicans want a win no matter the cost to the American Citizens.
I don't watch Fox but I can see why you're peddling your wares there.
Why??? To watch you lie through your teeth and throw millions under the bus??!! NO THANK YOU
Fox "news", perfect.
No Lindsey we won't.Why watch you lie to Americans again. You care about your money buddy's more than the people. You're weak,Lame & a Fraud
No thanks. Heard all I need to hear about your dreadful bill that you're trying to ram through the senate. Shame on you.
We will be calling our senators instead of listening to your lies. SHAME ON YOU!
I hope you can live with yourself, Senator, causing people to die unnecessarily
#GrahamCassidyBill #DirtyTricks
Maybe instead of speaking to Fox personnel, who know less than you do, talk to the industry experts that are saying this is a disaster.
U wuss show some balls and go on Maddow!
No
