Traitor @LindseyGrahamSC
mmmhmmmm
OMG Rohrabacher is going 2 take subcommittee to RU to speak w Duma. U know they are using terrorism as guise.
Probably bring Gabbard with him. She is just as bad.
thank you!
Ignore the Russian plants on Twitter.  True patriots are happy to see you stand up and tell the truth.
what Russian hack
Thanks for your commitment to this issue. @CNN
just curious.  Have you read anything regarding this issue aside from what "the news" tells you?
yes
I've just seen a lot of info stating they already know it wasn't Russia
I'm just saying how convenient it was when Obama admin started training Isis and Isil Archer on FX comes out org. ISIS
Remember when Obama intercepted aid to the Kurds? Remember when he dropped pamphlets to ISIS warning them of impending bombs?
Yeah let's tell them about impending,doom,before we bomb you
totally irrelevant. russiaphobia
you have no evidence Russia hacked Democratic computers your speaking and not showing any facts.
Here is the Hannity Assange FULL INTERVIEW https://youtu.be/V33WC0q1PTQ  Why doesn't CNN go to UK and interview Assange?
they don't pay for travel, only green screens lol
don't bothering spreading your lies and propaganda sir, WE AREN'T BUYING IT!
sorry SC beautiful state fucked up politics...
WHAT TO TELL THEM HOW JEALOUS YOU ARE OF TRUMP AND ASSANGE
Of course they love rinos!
that should be good to see how they spin it but guess who won't be watching!
your cover has been blown...
Whe didn't you reveal the GLOBALIST game plan to the AMERICAN people?
THERE IS NO RUSSIAN HACKING IT IS A TERRORIST LIE AGAINST ANOTHER COUNTRY MADE UP BY AMERICAN COMMUNIST CLINTON
what exactly did "Russia" hack? How did they make HRC skip rust belt? How did they make her such a vile person?
please keep fighting we need to stand up to Russia and let the know we won't stand for this.
Are you going to fight for America or join the other #RepublicanTraitors ? #TraitorTrump #TheResistance
Thank you, sir. I can't believe America is turning into this. Please protect your voters & citizens.

scoop: GOP congressman plans Russia trip to 'work with the Duma' http://wpo.st/QFjP2 
Great network for you to be on. Can't handle the questions from Fox? I'm sure Sean would like to have u on.
shut up about Russia it isn't working time for something new
your cover has been blown...
Whe didn't you reveal the GLOBALIST game plan to the AMERICAN people?
It kills you #Russians weren't the "bad guys" working w/ #Assange. But you keep pushing false narrative like #Liberals
So right! But they are desperate.
RINOs Grahanesty and @SenJohnMcCain both need to be permanently removed from the GOP. #Soroslovers #Traitors
are you a on board w/ new admin or r u going to caucus w/ the Dems
Give it up, Graham!  No one believes you. Stop promoting wars with other people's children fighting for you.
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC for helping to foster what little respect/integrity still exits within GOP. This is serious & bipartisan, BRAVO!
why is trump siding with Putin/assange over us intelligence agencies. This is very strange behavior.
i am beyond embarrassed that you represent my state.
BUT BUT BUT RUSSIA!! Ur a hack, good thing you're going to the king of hack news. Shame u won't be tried for treason.

You have totally lost credibility with GOP voters.  We don't care what you have to say.  #termlimitsnow
sorry Senator. Without some evidence, #wethepeople don't believe this garbage. Put up or shut up time. Your turn
#Rino
undercover Dem=>Lindsey Graham. Soon I pray your deeds revealed.
Not one piece of evidence has been produced to support this. Lots of evidence on DNC corruption, focus on reality.
why not bring independent investigation to a fvote, w/out  McConnell support? Don't you have the votes?
No one cares about you. PD Change your name, Lindsey sounds like a girls name.
Glad you're on the case. Somebody has to protect the American people......prezelect certainly isn't!
Nothing was hacked. Info leaked. Russians didn't write D emails DNC, Hillary & her minions did. Don't start WW3 w lies
.@LindseyGrahamSC @CNN YOUR AN AZZ°

YOU LOST YOURS ALONG TIME AGO!!!
#Rino
You need to support the truth and not who did what! You appear to have no concern over the corruption exposed by "hacking"!
and no one will be watching....

NOBODY believes anything coming from you anymore.
Tell me who you walk with and I will tell you who you are. Cervantes Demand his taxes. https://twitter.com/submergingmkt/status/810712861723029505 … #resist
James S. Henry. "The Curious World of Donald Trump’s Private Russian Connections"  - The American Interest http://www.the-american-interest.com/2016/12/19/the-curious-world-of-donald-trumps-private-russian-connections/ …
Give'em Hell, LG
wow...lot of fear on here today....
Thank you for making this a priority, Senator.
just curious, are you paid to post tweets like this?  You almost seems like the infomercial lady but for the news
Now partisan CIA need time2build case(after shrouding US in fear wth innuendo)4calling THIS"hacking"
show us proof of Russia interfering in our elections or shut up. No allegations.  PROOF!!!!!!!!!!!.
Great Mr irrelevant is about to speak...this neocon is a 1st class clown 
I will be tuning in. I am reminded to be thankful for sane congressmen like you everyday.
Good Wednesday Morning, Sen.Graham
thank you for your commitment on this issue. Bipartisan investigation is a vital step to protect our country.
Thank you, Senator Graham, for telling the truth and exposing wrongdoing in the Russian hacking.Keep strong for all of USA!
Please add some sanity to this, Senator
Funded by Soros.
No thanks Hillary Hack.
CNN's go to Republican.
You should use that opportunity to finally come out of closet @LindseyGrahamSC
what a horrible person.. oh well, with term limits the cancer in Washington can be cured
war mongers and lackeys need to sell those weapons folks.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @CNN I don't care what you and your WAR PROFITEERS are pushing. Push your neocon agenda somewhere else.
#fakenews 0 actual evidence, media spreading paranoia, WMD all over again, never trust the media
Special prosecutor a must!!!
You are a stooge and you hitched your wagon to the wrong horse, Lindsey.
Remember when Lindsey garnered less than 1% of the R primary vote..good times
John Podesta fell for a phishing scam. Let's not start another Cold War over that.
too bad we didn't have you instead of Trump
@SenJohnMcCain @MaxineWaters @angela_rye @Clyburn @POTUS Russia toying with USA, Sabotage election /democracy
Hopefully you won't cave.  Assange just did the plausible deniability thing.. got from a 3rd party who got from Putin
WE DO NOT BELIEVE YOU!!!!!!
More Graham and Mccain neocon bullshit.
Hacks can be faked to look like ANY country. Chinese hacked millions Obama did nothing, no diplomats thrown out!
I will be sure to miss it..
Pantywaist LGSCs got his panties in a Trump twist More embarrassed by him than anything Trumps has ever said Go Away!
I like you among all the republican manchurians
Please do because  for brains @realDonaldTrump seems to have more loyalty to them than to USA & AMERICAN people.>


Oh, and the next time you start screaming "War!" YOU get to be the first one on the battlefield. Leave us alone.
America is going to war whether you like it or not...Trump is not anti war.
If that's the case, let's get that man a Nobel Peace Prize! Just like Obama's.
Obama did not want hacking politicized. Troubling when sane GOP call out O fails but not DJT's deeply troubling distortions
Graham needs to go away. He is not relevant any longer. No Russian hacking, Lindsey. You can let go of your war hopes.
I'd like to hear about you and McCain arming ISIS also. @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @DanScavino @RogerJStoneJr
Will you be addressing @realDonaldTrump and his inability to process facts and need to praise criminals and tyrants?
#RegimeChangeAddicts
Go sit in a corner and think about what you've done Lindsey
the old war mongers Graham & McCain are determined that we need a war w/ Russia. Who is funding them? #RussianHackers
what's North Korea doing while you lot defend Putin and his incursions?
Wish you'd talk about what you are doing about ObamaCare that's killing the middle income in SC!
Be on the right side of history!
WikiLeaks DNCLeaks & Podesta Emails are leaked by whistleblowers, nothing to do with hacks. Stop conflating the 2!
hacked - stolen.
This dope should just shut up already
SC voters love Graham-He listens to his voters  from SC
Sorry, I have better things to do today than listen to you....I have nose hairs to pick.
Please hold special hearings. Don't let Trump bully u. I dont agree with u on many issues but u r among the few republicans to call him out
Well he and McCain were both in favors of special hearings. Hope he stands his ground. This is not a partisan issue, it's an American issue
Globalist ISIS creating liar.
do you realize that you are in need of such rigorous reform that you might want to think about at least some of
those concerns (economic genocide)
why are you surrendering on the independent investigation? Why would you betray the nation?
you are obsessed with Russia. You never talk about jobs, trade, or border security.
@cciedotnyc @LindseyGrahamSC @CNN Hanoi Jane wishes it so, she learned propaganda techniques while visiting N Vietnam.
keep fighting the truth you're only embarrassing yourself. he'll make a fool of you again. there will be no war with russia
do you realize there are actual real events happening (fantasy gamer)
I am with YOU Sen, Graham! Thank you for your hard work and dedication! I will be watching!
hey Lindsey im fighting putin for free on Twitter. Need funding
there was no Russian hacking.
this guy retweets Sandy Hook deniers so what's this opinion worth
did you know that medicade has the healthcare system scammed?
this is a bi-partisan issue.
Will you be defending Assange like @realDonaldTrump
of course not political establishment hates the transparency wikileaks has brought.
