It hasn't collapsed in 7 years. Keep your grubby hands off my and my fellow Americans health care.
Trump went in bullying Reps and came out with even LESS support. Start caring about your people and they'll respect you.
you go first. Your job is 2 work with Dem's. We'll follow your example.
Trumpcare was a sham that would kill thousands of Americans a year. How can you call that a win? Shame on you.
dude you're clueless. ACA is working. Get real and wrk for your constituents not the special interests. You've lost respect
He has many ways to sabotage ACA from inside and can make it fail, then gloat.
Good luck with that. Trump- Ryan care bill was evil and even Trump supporters are starting to wake up to YOUR Don the Con.
Challenge Dems to work "with" republicans you say? I seem to remember you guys touting how you don't need us at all! #180
Senator, winning what exactly. Looks like winning means screwing the low income and elderly in SC!?
or perhaps....PERHAPS.... @gop should spend longer than a month creating an actual plan that works for everyone.  Maybe?
We'll just wait for Obamacare to collapse. I'm ok, I can financially cover it. Hope you can too.
It's not about Dems or the GOP.  The political center must hold or this country will fold.  Centrists, wake up !
trump and the GOP should equally be willing to work with Dems and bring to table a bill that will actually help Americans.
so you want it to look like Democrats are smarter than you and can actually fix the problem? Are you really saying that?
why would you let a market solution collapse?  Do your job and fix it.
This is people's lives you are playing with.....not WINNING. Step up Senator and put country and its people over party.
Gotten sucked into that WIN game I see.  We're talking about human lives here.  #SinglePayer for all!
U guys have power. U can't own it & fix problem? U want 2 blame D's not fix it like responsible men & women? Ppl will DIE.
... you need to work For Trump NOT against him
PERMANENT  Healthcare Reform DOES require both parties to make it work for the good of all. Great that you see this!
it's President Trump
just retire already! We true Repubs are sick and tired of your BS...
"challenge"? How about finding common goals? Dems were never going to go along with last week's specifics. You know this.
should have thought of that before. Or during the SEVEN YEARS you had the work it out
one has to wonder why y'all want 2 reinvent the wheel.  Fix what's wrong with AHCA!
but it takes the WH to also reach out for broad support. No more my way or highway...
How about a bill which requires hospitals to publish their prices so I can find least expensive care in my market? 
How about rather than watching like a child for candy for the ACA to fail, you actually work to fix the problems!
he might also challenge Republicans to work /w him also
how is it remotely responsible of you to wait for something's presumed collapse to address it? Disappointing if you.
The GOP is breaking the law atm by not advertising the availability of ACA. They seek to orchestrate collapse @benchten @LindseyGrahamSC
put the American people first, all of them. That would be a good place to start
It won't collapse anytime soon you guys need to stop repeal and fix it.
Certainly hope Trump never listens to you or the rest of the rino class.
last time i checked the GOP runs the house! show some personal responibility and own up to ur constituents
How about working on improving it NOW instead of trying to hasten its demise? Largely ALL Republican ideas to begin with
you didn't werk with Obama
that god awful sham of a healthcare bill(tax break for the rich) wasn't the answer. FIX Obamacare don't let it fail!!!!
YOU can fix Obamacare, negotiate with the drug &insurance companies.
why not foxObamacare? I can do that. Why wait for it to collapse? Is that really what is best for the people u represent
Why would you want the ACA to collapse when it helps so many?  US Healthcare should not be a partisan issue.  We need leaders who help us.
Why not work with them before it collapses? Help the American people and not play partisan politics!! @HillaryClinton
In your world of winning, people will die. Fix the issues with ACA, expand Medicaid. Easy. Ya'll want to make it difficult.
The people who actually vote for you must be brain damaged...now, how that Russia thing!
Why sld dems work w/Trump? Trump ran on saying "I alone can fix it." Maybe you shld prod him off golf course & get 2 work.
Yes then you can all screw us real good. Why not get with dems and fix it before you leave 20 million uninsured. Oh I forgot we dont matter
Collapse is not a humane approach to this problem.  I disagree with Republicans OR Democrats that wish to wait for collapse
So how about you all just fix ACA?
wait for collapse=party over country. GOP should have asked Dems to work on TrumpCare to start with. Shame on you
YOU get healthcare through FEHBP - it's rather cruel for you to wish the healthcare system for the rest of us fails. SHAME.
this South Carolinian's family would be tragically affected by GOP plan... also can't wait til your up for reelection.
let's all win instead this issue streams for a bipartisan fix
CBO report shows ACA working overall. How about saving everyone time by improving what already works?
And the Republicans will do everything in their  power to make it fail. #IRRESPONSIBLE
why don't you start working with them now ? Can't you all try to work for Americans ? #stoppartyovercountry #anyleaders?
You guys couldn't have screwed this up more if you had tried. 2/2
Which is what the Ds want, at which point they propose single payer as the ONLY way to fix this mess (ta da!).  1/2
If you know there are problems w/ACA work across aisle to id and fix! Go for a bi-partisan win!
This is not a game. This involves peoples LIVES. A win should not be party-based. Be an adult. #Compromise. Communicate.
You just don't get it. Socialism is not what the American people want. Get the Hell out of my life. Free market!
Nailed it!   @POTUS
DISGUSTING this is simply about winning. Healthcare is real life for us without taxpayer-funded jobs with FEHBP insurance.
Winning is your focus?  How about protecting the American people instead of the insurance companies?
This is exactly ur problem. It's not about the WIN. It's about doing what's best for the people. Work w seems to FIX ACA.
Agree with the 1st part, 2nd part is misleading. Wish you'd started with cooperation. Dems Tried 7yrs ago.  #Healthcare4All
Work with the D's like u do?  If they don't vote your way, u just go nuclear...perfect way to enhance your shit show!
or maybe work together to fix what you think is wrong with aca
@speakerryan  While you don't want to, it makes more sense to fix the issues with the current system. Why not bend some?
The "D's" have nothing to do with this.  You can't get the votes from your own party.  #OwnUptoFailure
If the Russians influenced this election trump is NOT a legitimately elected president, nor are Republicans. #Investigate
lindsey enough with your crap. Get onboard with Dems and iron out the ACA fixes the existing system needs. Stop your BS.
good news is the #RESISTANCE is mobilizing to boot ruthless evil autocrats OUT OF OFFICE!
these tweets will come back to haunt U #RESISTANCE #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpTaxReturn #trumpcaredefeated
you had 7 years to come up w/something better. Instead of winning, think about people's lives. We're not disposable.
Dems will ask @POTUS to help stop Obamacare implosion. Yet, Dems will want a more liberal bill than House offered today.
NO it will not, completely disagree, if it does it will b because INS EXECS Slaughter it with Repub help. Ashamed of u
@m1chellemor3no @LindseyGrahamSC Lindsey, you KNOW nobody in SC can even afford FOOD!  SHAME! How bout med expansion?
you do know that your party is now the governing party, right? Can't keep hiding behind the dems, step up and do your job!
Is that before the impeachment happens? #Trumprussia #IndependentCommission
Why wait? Fix what's wrong with it.
It will only collapse if you people don't repair the damage you did to it. You OWE it to Americans.... period!
how abt u put aside this bs and work together to make the ACA better. Have u not been listening to us?
I wish Americans would have a chance to win once, instead of the Reps and Dems only caring about special interests' money.
It isn't about winning or losing. It's about cutting through the corporate greed to give American's affordable healthcare
I still can't get over the fact that you want people to lose insurance. It's not a partisan issue. Lives are at stake here.
I started to feel like you actually had somewhat of a soul. This tweet changed my mind. Work with Democrats NOW to fix ACA.
That's just stupid talk they want even confirm his cabinet
a true leader would have done this from the start
Time 2 take the high road 4 PEOPLE NOT PARTY!  Rethink the us vs them 4 the good of . Insidious dysfunction needs 2 stop
Shame on you. You need to get out of DC &  come to SC more often. People here need ACA, Medicaid & Planned Parenthood.
if @potus lets it collapse, it iwll be failure of the @GOP not the @DEMS. You sit for 7 years complaining and fixing nada
why is health care for Americans a fucking game between politicians.
You are rooting for Obamacare to collapse and millions of people lose insurance? #brutal #caringnot
You must work with the Dems and that bat shit crazy guy to improve the ACA. Stop the pharm gouging. Stop over testing. Put down ins company
stick to national security and Russia
I think you forgot that a lot of republicans weren't going to vote for it.
.@LindseyGrahamSC  You've learned nothing.  Sad.
You are behaving in a truly DEPLORABLE manner. 8 years of hatred has destroyed you.
The chance to win starts now!  Repubs need to work with Dems now to make the ACA even better!
Trump is a ridiculous baby. There's no winning here. Step up. Quit obsessing about PP and PROVIDE viable alternative.
I have heard you say a few things that gave me hope that you were a good Person. This, however is low....so low.
If you truly believe AHCA will collapse, then you and your colleagues have a duty to fix for THE PEOPLE.
why do you and Cheeto Tweeto want and wish for failure?? Why not, after 8 years, you have an amazing plan? Isn't that fair?
-  how many people will be affected if ACA collapses? It will happen under this congress' watch and 45's leadership.
what is YOUR plan for us, Senator Graham? Do something BEFORE it's an emergency- registered SC voter
gotta tell you it really angers Americans with this talk. Maybe yo could be a Senator and start the WORK
So disappointed in your us vs them attitude.  Why don't you encourage your fellow republicans to improve the ACA?
Who wins, Senator? Not the American people.  Fix the parts of ACA that aren't working don't start all over.
That's not very big of you. Gloating over something so detrimental to people's lives. This mentality is sick Mister.
bullshit. GOP had their chance. It's on you all. The GOP eat each other. No loyalty. No compromise. You had SEVEN YEARS.
u lost.  Now you must collaborate vs blame.
You had a moment there a few days ago when I thought ok he might pull his head out of it, alas its back in it, shame.
How about trying to work with Ds NOW?? Dems should offer solutions now, regardless of R strategy @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
Heard that before. You could improve instead of causing it to crash.  Republicans will vote against you if not constructive
is our people's health really about one party winning? Really?
You repubs have to work with the Dems to improve the ACA. Negotiate with the pharms. Insist on EMR. Sway folks away from the ER.
Encourage preventive care. Get rid of insurance companies and their multi million dollar CEOs.
why is it always about who "wins"? We (the people) who you represent, are the ones that lose
if it fails it'll be the R's fault, not Obama's bc you aren't trying to make it better, you're trying to prove a point.
waiting for it to collapse is just going to punish the recipients that rely on Obamacare to receive their medical care.
why don't you just do the sensible thing and start working with the democrats today on a cross party deal.
Let's focus on the Russian backed president and clean that up
Nope...won't work with you.
that would benefit you and me and America so don't count on it.
I think all the town hall meetings showed Republicans are the only ones who wanted Repeal
Guess what we all know that the Republicans are in power and couldn't achieve what you tried for 7 years to do! #sad
OR.... you could work to FIX it NOW? You are waiting for something that is completely PREVENTABLE! #countryoverparty
So, you & your fellow Rs, after 7 yrs of bitching about ACA, now say it's the Dems to help Trump. Pathetic!
agree thanks so much for your pure directness and delightful humor God Bless
@postandcourier Lindsey,lifelong Dem,but agree 110%. Continue to speak the truth. Moving to SC in 6 months,you have my vote
how about really working with Ds. Embarrassing failure. Get real work together or leave!
who will win ?  U make no sense !  What r U recommending ?
Develop a better policy, not a worse policy that only benefits the wealthy.
like the R's worked with President Obama?
But the GOP has an obligation not to sabotage it. That would be worse than the mess of a bill the Speaker proposed!
That is it,you little bigget.Never mind the people. Your party has done nothing but 9-11,  war and take care of the rich.
you won't even work with him. Shame on you
@GOP and Dems need to find a central core & work together in open so extremists on both sides aren't needed to pass bill
Trump did many times. However you have been against everything he has done. You need to step up to the plate.
Why wait until it collapses?
.. pathetic!
He is a horrible, selfish Pres. He could negotiate more  if he cared but his big fat ego is in the way. God Bless America
keep in mind "we" should be your constituents, not you DC cronies. Your job is to make sure your constituents win.
This is disgusting!Do you realize you are speaking about human beings mr graham? You are worried about winning? DESPICABLE
negotiator?
#trump will wait for something to collapse and hurt Americans. That's a lack of #leadership. What happened to best
Why don't you fix what's broken within Obamacare..
Oh that's right cause GOP doesn't want Obama to Win.
#TrumpedUpCare
I think you mean you have a chance to DO YOUR JOB.
#obamacare needs fixing not #repeal
Just get rid of ACA and let insurance companies bid for our (voters) business across state lines.
#TrumpedUpCare was doomed from the beginning. 
When @POTUS  says it's going to be better and cheaper we knew it was a lie.
really Winning is that what this is about? This isn't the playoffs it people lives and futures!!
if #GOP would've helped #obamacare in the first place.. you wouldn't be in this situation
Americans are sick and tired of senators who predict catastrophes and do nothing about it.
well y'all could work to save the ACA.
he won't be in office when/if that ever happens.  Neither will you
it's not about winning. It should be about us, the people of the United States and what's best for our health care.
It's comforting to know there's so many in congress looking out for the American people. 2018 can't come soon enough,
it is not and won't collapse and if u allow SC to open a state exchange maybe ur constituents will be able to get covered
I much respect for you. Please work in a bipartisan manner to fix current (ACA) system, so all people can win. Ty.
This is about people. Cancer. Children. Asthma. Diabetes. Influenza. Heart disease. Preventative medicine. Prenatal Care.
Let it collapse and see what the Dem's do!
so you want to win politically by hurting Americans?  I think you're the D in this situation.
Why do Dems and Reps have to wait for a collapse in order to work together?
Pls don't wait for Obamacare to collapse. Ppl to have diff choices & transparency, not choice of $ to pay. 1/2
Ask people to participate in building style of Health care that does both: Serve their needs and save $ for all.
win what? My health? My pre existing condition? Because I only WIN if I have coverage.
It's about people's lives, not “winning”. Get back to real life and HEAR the people. We want the ACA made better. Stop whining. #fixaca
If you believe it will collapse, why wait? Why can't R's and D's do their jobs? Work together! Geez. Do the right thing
Only if you let it. There are real people with skin in this game. #resist
I want to like you, but this makes me hate you. You guys fix the ACA.
Take note: R's are gleeful at the thought of our country's health insurance system collapsing.  They still don't get it.
In the meantime how about you conservatives get some actual implementable ideas together unlike you did for last 7 yrs...
Can work with him now.  Weren't asked.
Odd that u consider my health care as a win or loss for u. If ppl was core concern ur bill wud have been reflected that.
isn't it the American people who should be winning?  Trumpcare with 17% approval in polls was not a winner for the people
@luvofUSA Lindsey Graham needs to b voted out for a real Republican! One that cares about the USA, not Himself! McCain too.
Senator G, I'm a fan, but why don't you become part of the solution...or are we going to spend 4 more yrs like last 16?
you are a typical sitting around and seeing what might or might not happen you guys are a waste of time
You still have to come up with a bill that a majority, whether Ds or Rs, will vote for. That weren't it!
GOP is in charge of everything. If it collapses, it's because you didn't fix it. Fix it before it fails, or it's on you.
THAT'S what leadership is Sen Graham.  As a fellow USAF Vet, I thought you'd be above this.  #FixtheACA
Look enough; you've been obstructing for 8+ years.  YOU walk across the aisle and work with the Dems to make the ACA work.
#how about  working with dem to fix the problems and improve it for everyone!  They would be the honorable thing to do.
GOP should bring about real ideas and solutions! You've been complaining abt it for 7 years
How about #MedicareforAll?
Hah! You tell him, Wendy! The @GOP Senators like @LindseyGrahamSC must hear it: we want #MedicareForAll! #AHCA
why is this a win/lose scenario? We the people all lose when you do that. WORK TOGETHER NOW.
now you see how it is. GOP refused to cooperate under Obama. Now have prez, house and senat and still can't get things done
why is this about winning? Should be about working to achieve a healthy Republic without financial devastation to families.
Sorry, are Ds supposed to think of everything 4 u? Thought Trump HAD a plan? Same lost 3x5 index card as the ISIS plan?
Dems & Rep need to work together. Ppl. Are fed up! Congress will push Americans right into Sanders single payer health care
If I were you Sen. Graham, I'd keep away from anything tRump has his little hands on #RussiaGate
