Let's make sure they fail on taxes
So you want a one party hard left system. Got it.
No, it's about replacing the GOP and Trump
Conservatism will live all. As will left wing politics. You guys want only leftist in government
I can live with that - We can't survive Trump in the WH. GOP answers to Mercer's and Koch bros. and will not impeach. They've got to go.
Impeach for what?? You can't just impeach a President because you hate them. That's a danger to our democracy
Impeach for what? For what? Are you suffering from cognitive dissonance? Oh, you're a ________
The party might disintegrate anyway.  At the district level, the party’s been overrun by the sans-culottes.  You know how that ended.
Ok
Shouldn't the party that panders to bigots, and elected a shambling, clueless, narcissist disintegrate? They've attacked America.
good
Let it disintegrate then.

the GOP already is disintegrating,and not because of taxes.It's thrown the people under the bus in the name of power @LindseyGrahamSC
Hell is breaking out all over! Trump thinks that he stumbled onto a crown!
I wish he’d stumble on to a knife...
The Synagogue of Satan is the secret history of Jewish world Domination, or just read the Torah or Old Testament! They read the same way!
Is there a problem with Jewish people running things?  I prefer Jewish people over crazy ass evangelicals.
I am a man of God! I quote Scriptures verbatim! No denominations! Good people can be anything! Chapter 1 of theGospel of John and Isaiah 56!
Wasn't @LindseyGrahamSC golfing with Trump when the ambush happened or was that @RandPaul ? #NigerGhazi 
Day 79 at Trump golf course. #Trash
Excellent!! Get to it. I’ll bring the popcorn!
Will?
Burn. It. Down. 
 
#ExGOP #MyPartyLeftMe
@LindseyGrahamSC I think it already has.  But just in case,  i hope Congress doubles down to be sure they fail on tax plan.
Yes please!
Good, I hope taxes fail as well, you rethuglicans cannot govern to save your worthless souls!
Good let it Poof and be gone!!! #firethemall
Promise?
Republican Party deserves to disintegrate for a multitude of reasons with aiding & abetting Trump being foremost among them.
*when
Well, what do you know. It disintegrated.
And that’s a bad thing why?
That's not a warning, it's an indictment.
Perhaps it should disintegrate, but it answers the question which is more important to him, helping the American people or voting partisan.
We know the answer to that! Party over country always for Republicans.
And if they succeed, our country will disintegrate.
No, the middle class will benefit it is the yrickle down effect!
Hey, hey, goodbye
Maybe it's time, then.
That queen had these same vapors over nominating Donald. Yet a few weeks ago, she was fanning herself over playing golf with him.
#gop has been & is disintegrating. That's why they cheat, lie all the time, rig elections, do treason w/ #trumprussia & elect  s. They = 0.
Then @LindseyGrahamSC why doesn't your party stand for something other then greed? Embrace humanity for a positive change.
Promises , promises .
they will fail-- they pick shitty models, shaft Americans everywhere and don't give a damn about humanity
Disintegrate.
Let us all pray the elephant gets that tattoo tear then
Is that all it takes, @LindseyGrahamSC? Your party SHOULD be stronger than that. But you KowTow to the #Tyrant  #GOPShame
Lindsey graham is another senator that is bought off by billionaires and lobbyists!!!! The political system is broken!!!!!!
No, it won't disintegrate; the GOP is in a high speed, nose-dive suicidal flameout!
All but 35%
Oh Lindsey, Lindsey, Lindsey...from your lips to Gods ear
Scorched earth approach. It's quite interesting? this tactic would scare republicans in2 voting against themselves, in order 2 retain party.
They are going to fail on taxes and we will hold Sen Graham to his word..."disintegrate all y'all."
From your mouth to God’s ears, Lindsey...
Yeah!  It will fail or at least be something diasterous
Going to the church to pray this happens for the second time ever in my life @GOP @HouseGOP
I'll get the broom and dust pan!
Best thing that could happen, let’s get back to true conservative values serving citizens not big $
Weird. That’s what I asked for for Christmas this year.
@LindseyGrahamSC Looking from here, this was the RNC 2016. Next Convention venue #Mocsolád !  (You warned them )
That would be a good thing.
I don't believe it. There will always be stupid people willing to vote against their own interests.
No -- you'll keep accepting donations from the rich and then lie to the public about the reasons for your policy. You are the party of the oligarchs.
@LindseyGrahamSC try convincing ppl that the big earner cos. are really paying that high tax rate that your golf buddy #IQ45 bleats about.
This news may come as a shock to you @LindseyGrahamSC,  but that bus left the station months ago,  on Jan 20 actually.
What's the downside?
The good 'ol boys will be replaced with better human beings?
Looking forward to it

Oh darrrrrrrn. Wouldn't want that to happen.
If a party ever deserved to die, the GOP is it.

Make it so.
Someone should probably tell him the disintegration has begun.  No way this party triumphs. Corrosion eats away until there's nothing left.
CALL Congress 202-224-3121 help disintegrate the GOP!
Newsflash! That process started months ago. @GOP burns w/Trump. You knew what you signed up for, right? Should have separated. Blew it bad.
Buh bye.
As it should, whether or not it passes its immoral tax policy. @newtgingrich bombed our political system; only fitting it explodes on GOP.
So you want something partisan that will be repealed once DEMs take power and so on and so forth as opposed to ACTUAL long-lasting reforms!
It might be a good thing; we need a social liberal, fiscal conservative party.
Good.
please let it be true
That would be so sad. Where would we be without the right-wing neo-Nazi Ku Klux Klan bansters?
It’s a plan
@LindseyGrahamSC your credibility has already disintegrated. Did you see what your master said to the gold star widow tonight? Pathetic.
@LindseyGrahamSC  If you don't oust Trump and purge Bannon your party will disintegrate &/or be disgraced in the annals of history.
We need two balanced parties that put forth bipartisan legislation. Please move towards this Senator Graham. TY.
Bannon will lose power if u unite. Start campaign to mobilize moderate primary voters and take ur party back.
I think the Repub party disintegrated when it backed away into the shadows while Trump bullied his way into the Oval Office.
Who cares about the GOP, the Party of Putin.
Then things will be as they should be. Well deserved
KOCH & MERCER $$$
It's been disintegrating since you allowed the tea party in & then trump. Better find a new home Lindsey cause this one is on fire.
Bye, @LindseyGrahamSC  we'll miss ye.

Maybe y'all should start working on real legislation, not half-added promises to appear competent.
Can we please fail on taxes, already?
From Lindsey’s lips to god’s ear.
@LindseyGrahamSC GOOD
So Lindsey Graham has said "if we fail on taxes, our party will disintegrate"!Probably a lot more likely than that his party will integrate!
Laters...
Awesome! Let's work to make that happen.
Here's hoping!
Um, OK.
Then let it be.
Quickly. Arm the disintegrator. Lock....and....load !!
Gee, both are fine with me.  They can fail on taxes and I will gleefully watch their evil party disintegrate.
Please.
Yeah, that’s what will do it, Lindsey. That’s the thing.
Here's to hoping for a massive failure @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump
Yes, let's make sure they fail on taxes. Because the GOP is slime.

And because the plan benefits the rich and balloons the deficit.
You're going to disintegrate due to selling your soul. Lindsey post Trump totally different to the primary.
Promises, promises. We can only hope.
Pls fail!
Win-win. Also, last time I checked the @GOP had disintegrated. The WH is MAGA & the GOP Congress is broken. CC: @LindseyGrahamSC
Goodbye, GOP? OK, that will work.
One can hope.
GOP tax reform is aimed at benefiting the rich let's hope it fails and Dems take over the House and Senate
LET'S MAKE IT HAPPEN PEOPLE!!!
Your fault Lindsey Graham and the rest of the @GOP.
Well no worries here, stick a fork in them, they're done
Their party already disintegrated.
Sorry, @LindseyGrahamSC ... you’re well past disintegration. The GOP has been incinerated. With Trump and Brannon standing on top of the ash heap. Laughing.
If U rob from middle/lower class to give your wealthy donors a tax break, your party will disintegrate.  Get it right, @LindseyGrahamSC
Ah, does that mean real ppl then, not owned by super packs
Already there Lindsey.
I think regardless, with trump heading the party, the party is going to disintegrate.
Good plan for the GOP. Good riddance.
Not that I mind if their party does disintegrate. They brought it on themselves by NOT representing The People, only themselves & the rich
Sounds good to me! 
Unfortunately Lindsey isn't aware enough to see his party has already has disintegrated.
He said the same silly shit about trump getting elected, now they hangout on the weekend.
@LindseyGrahamSC If your tax plan hurts middle class & is only to benefit top 1%, your party is done
Bad news @LindseyGrahamSC 
your party already doomed because y’all support a certifiable nut-job.
Beyond saving.

@GOP
Disintegration of @GOP has been set in motion. @GOP has enabled (and actively participated in) treasonous acts against our democracy. 
GOOD
Let’s hope so. Am sick of GOP reverse Robin Hood tax schemes: tax from poor/middle to give to rich donor class while exploding deficit & causing recessions.
And if Lindsey gets in bed with McCain to torpedo taxes, he will not get reelected here in SC. They both need to recognize who won election
Cool!

I accept that suggestion. cc: @LindseyGrahamSC
Let's hope so!
Sounds like a patriotic move!
Maybe they need to disintegrate and become the party of Reagan. Workable. Establishment. Get rid of these crazy far fighters.
Good
About time.
Yay!
Shouldn't Lindsey be out on the golf course keeping Trump's balls clean?
"If"?  "Will"?
Graham: If we nominate Trump, it will destroy the party, and we'll deserve it.
Sorry Lindsey, by your own admission -you had it coming.
We can only hope
oh please oh please oh please fail.
One can only hope  &  
Lol
Well, keep trying to convince the bottom 90% that repealing estate tax is great for them, and maybe #TaxReform will pass. One big scam.
Indeed.
Good. So there IS hope!
Good! Hope you're the 1st to go
Don’t get my hopes up, Lindsey! #LoserTrump #MoronTrump
Good! You need to come to terms with the conspiracy-believing, delusional Alex Jones and Neo Nazi wackos. Reign them in! Don't cave!
Would that be awesome! @GOP 
Too late, little fella.
I don't think that's true. That is your threat to pass the tax reform bill that benefits the wealthy. If you pass it the GOP will expire.
One can only hope!
[Dark Souls Voice] VERY GOOD
One can hope.
I've got news for him, it's disintegrating now. What does he think this year has been so far, honestly
Will? disintegrate? Um .. Someone should tell him.
Here's to hopin'! 
I'm ok with that. They deserve to fail, several times over. Country over party. They have been the part of moral greed & cowardice.
That’s exactly what needs to happen. Maybe form a new Party of Decent Human Beings 


"Will"...right verb, wrong tense. Pube-icans are & have been the Nazi party for years now. Going down!!
Good. Can we just go ahead and plan on that?
Sorry, boo, once you lost sight of decency you already disintegrated. Your party is currently a rabid zombie held together with toilet paper
Please fail on taxes.
Great let’s make it happen!
Let's work really hard to make sure this happens!!!
Too late

Party over country.
From yr mouth to god's ear
Bye, bye @GOP. Country over party was a better choice, but you had your greedy agenda.
You’re right about that
So be it.  It won't be taxes it will be the sycophants in the @gop who allowed this f---g moron get the nomination & Russians made win.shame
A party of rabid dogs, they're their own worst enemy....
Rand Paul rips into McCain and Graham, saying their "principles of fiscal conservatism go out the door when it comes to military spending."
That would be the best thing for mankind to happen 
Doesn't he know that it already has disintegrated???? It just hasn't fully collapsed upon itself into a pile of rubble and dust yet

please God let it be so
It may very well disintegrate with a "win" on taxes.

Hallelujah.
Sen Graham the Rep Pty, does not exist anymore. Listen to what Sen McCain said yesterday. You have been infiltrated by White Supremacists!
promise?
Start updating your CVs.....don’t think being in Congress is going to be a positive though. Most employers don’t like no productivity.
Yipee!Let this traitorous,colluding,uncaring,un-American party dissolve.That they've let Trump run amok and ruin our programs,says they go.
Good. Then they can all go crawl back into their holes.
Your party is dead. You just don't know it yet. Do you really think decent Americans  will support a party of traitors.
he said the same about electing T. They're still here (unfortunately).
Good. You’ve become a bunch of backwards, always on the wrong side of history pawns for Russia, the NRA, and your other billionaire donors.
It already has.  Once they started to pander to fringe they alienated moderates.
past tense
Like we needed more motivation to make sure they fail?
Deal me in. Failure is the only option!
Translation: "Unless we secure the Golden Apple of Zero Estate Tax for our Masters they will give us no more millions...sniff...Golem Sad"
Good.
See what happens when you sell your soul to the orange devil? Just like Kellyanne. Disgusting.
Good.
