Most coherent does not = coherent!  Thanks for setting the bar for yourself so LOW!
Liar !
And yet still as malignant as any presented to the public so far.  You people are the sick ones.  #MoreGOPlies
@LindseyGrahamSC @weeklystandard Most coherent? That's not saying much. The country deserves hearings, CBO analysis at least.
You're a liar and you need to #Resign.

SHAME ON YOU.
This is a case of setting the bar so low you could trip over it, and then you do.
What about your promising to make sure healthcare passed the Jimmy Kimmel test.  You are such a liar.   Will believe nothing you say again.
That's not saying much...very low bar.

You look so evil in the picture.
Bragging about "most coherent so far" is like bragging about being the most sober drunk person in the room...
The American health system fails where it applies free market principles to products and services that people would simply die without.
Lmao "most coherent" I bet you're SO proud!
That's saying precious little.
. Ohioans with you, but what about @robportman ????
This is a lie. It's basically the same as all the other failed ACA repeal bills. It may be worse.
That's like saying a Nickleback song is "the best Nickleback song". Both are still human atrocities.
Why are you so determined to hurt us, GOP?  Your base Is blindly following you & doesn't realize how much they'll lose
Would you buy a health plan from this guy?  http://politicsthatwork.com/voting-record/Bill-Cassidy-412269 …
Most-coherent of the Republican proposals isn't something to be proud of. A coherent garbage fire is still a garbage fire.
Jimmy Kimmel said it best. You, sir, are a liar. You went on his show and lied. Your own bill doesn't even pass the "Jimmy Kimmel test".
I have pre existing conditions.  That means nothing to you.  This should be called the Ebenezer Scrooge bill.  "Reduce the surplus pop."
That's is the biggest lie yet. You have just taken all the other bad Heathcare proposals and rolled them into one crap sandwich. SMH
LOL...that's a laugh
But not good for Americans who actually need health insurance.   By my count that would be most Americans.
If this is the best you can do you should be ashamed. 30million+ people will lose their health insurance! How can you live w/yourself ?!
This is awful.
At our #Smallbusiness, Q-Track, #healthinsurance per employee doubled over the last 4 years. Help us fix this and create jobs.#foxnews #cnn
Thank you for your dedication to this important bill, and to the medical profession. #GCHJ needs to pass.
Single-payer will increase freedom & make our economy more dynamic: easier to change jobs; easier to start a business.  GCHJ will not.
Clean repeal only  get government hands off my health care
Health care is a human right. Medicare for all.
#MedicareForAll 

You think this a good bill u need effing glass
LMFAO
You're as big an idiot as Graham. Just a way to give more wasted TX payer dollars to corrupt state legislatures.
That is NOT saying much!
This bill is not what American people want!!  Stop this bullshit or we are coming for you 2018
Still bad, still has subsidies for states, that is just as bad. % repeal it like campaign promises?
How many hospitals, providers and pediatric or oncology agencies think so?  CBO score?
No it isn't.
WHY collect the taxes at all? Let it remain in the States. Let commerce between citizens manage the cost & quality. Its not the Govt's $$$
Yep. These guys started putting up state run health care solutions.  I & others have been recommending it go to the states for over 2 years
@RoyBlunt I oppose #GCHJ bc I don't trust MO legislators to use it well. This yr my ind hlth plan is being cancelled. 2nd yr in a row. Help!
"Most coherent" lol. Sounds like ur giving urself a participation trophy. We know this is cover for tax cuts to wealthiest. We see you, Dr.
@GOP want the tax breaks. Each time that's what it boils down to. Just call it "tax break bill for 2%". It's not HCare Stop lying
"the most coherent of the proposals" is a VERY low bar.......
That's quite the complement, "coherert"! Give it up, stop trying to throw people off health insurance. The data is coherent too.
@Indivisible337 @weeklystandard you will kill your constituents with this mess. Shame!
Low bar.
Which isn't saying very much.

And DON'T THINK WE DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'RE UP TO, MISTER.

     ~~
"Most coherent of the proposals..." doesn't mean it's good, just means all the other ones were just really horrible.
And the worst of all of them
Still hurtful and hateful to poor, elderly and those with pre-existing conditions.
@LindseyGrahamSC @McCormackJohn #MedicareForAll
Just stop.
Hey Bill et al: y'all suck and all of your Republican is hanging out...might wanna tuck that in. #OurLouisianaREPSdontCareForItsPeople
~~
But is it good enough?  Don't hurt Americans.
Is everyone covered?
Nope. Bad update to previous versions.
Considering the last "plan" they voted on was 8 pages long, that's kind of a low bar.
That's really quite a low bar, given the repugnant efforts of @realDonaldTrump, @SpeakerRyan, @SenateMajLdr ,  and @freedomcaucus.
Shame on you. Disgusting behavior.
Kiss my grits Lindsey it's still NO
Taking lessons from Cruz, sounds like your yanking your own chain
Ha! That's not saying much
It may be "coherent" to the GOP, but it sucks for the rest of the U.S.A.
Sounds like people with pre existing conditions are going to have to pay a lot more for coverage. Not good for sick and elderly.
Yes & cassidy is lying that Cancer Society is supporting it. Mini thread. 
The moment that you catch your Senator LYING about @ACSCAN support for his bill-- trying to take advantage of CANCER pts! SHAME ON YOU! https://twitter.com/billcassidy/status/908414293661581313 …
That's not saying much.
Lies & more lies...will rip healthcare from millions, raise premiums, KILL PEOPLE! Stop the garbage & work to fix ACA like bipartisan group
So much for the @jimmykimmel test.  Maybe it's time to back go on @JimmyKimmelLive to be reminded of what you promised in a bill.
TrumpCare with another name. AMERICA DOES NOT WANT THIS.
Sick of your partisan efforts putting R over ppls lives. Will vote you out. @AARPadvocates @IndivisibleTeam @IndivisibleSC1 @IndivisibleNO
One last shot?! You mean 15/97 attempts?
That's probably true. It's pure evil.
Vote no!!!!!! Millions will die
Sad that they aren't all coherent. Or is it just me?
Some dumb ass BS right there. You take from blue states and give to red states. Gut Medicaid and throw 30 million off of insurance.
I don't think so! Your plan sucks.. Kills Medicaid! Who are you kidding??
Block grants will help eliminate 32 million from coverage, just a slight problem!
No
Who cares?!?
And MORE people would lose coverage than under the last horrid bill. NO THANK YOU. Fix #ACA.  #RepealAndReplaceRepublicans
"coherent"? Our president is NOT coherent. He is unstable and dangerous. Do something. #ImpeachTrump #RussiaGate #Treason
Please stop threatening my family
That may be true re GOP proposals & it is still cruel; unfair and pathetic. GOP has no soul to really care abt pple & cn govern
You mean the least incoherent. Not a question.
God dammit why can't they just leave us alone!?!??
Unfortunately, that isn't a high bar...
uh that's damning with faint praise
No , just no
Damning with faint praise.
An endorsement from the Weekly Standard! So impressive. You voted for #Trumpcare. You have absolutely zero credibility on the issue. Shame!
It's awful!!!  You are a doctor!  What happened to the Hippocratic Oath!
Senator, is @POTUS on board, or not?
Stop, just stop!  You think we can't decipher this disaster for ourselves?  We're on to your goal to keep us sick poor and undereducated.
Best of the worst, I guess
Cassidy-Graham bill Would Cut Hundreds of Billions from Coverage Programs, Cause Millions to Lose Health Insurance
@coolmikeLLC @BillCassidy 20 million plus will lose coverage, #wealthcare time to celebrate
correction 32million https://twitter.com/kamalaharris/status/908467653337116672 … really HUGE celebration
32M—that’s how many Americans could lose coverage if the GOP’s latest health care scheme passes. We have to stop them. https://twitter.com/ASlavitt/status/908072873964826624 …

Listen to her, bozo. You might remember the lady who was in your face at the town hall a few months ago.
@McCormackJohn And yet it is still a piece of crap.
Yep, coherently awful.  Your intent to kill poor people is clear.
"Most coherent"?!

How is this not government control of healthcare? I mean, I guess that torture might be better than death, but what a pathetic argument.
It is crap. Block grants mean less money, fewer recipients.
That's not anything to brag about
