You clearly speak from inside the Beltway. Millions people (incl me) received #healthcare through #ACA/#Obamcare for the first time in years
and what was the deductible sir
Oh, and without Obamacare my monthly premium would be $800 for the same exact plan.
you cant being to understand how frustrating it is not being able to employ more people without going out of business
Repubs would call it Capitalism. CEO's income has increased 10-fold at least compared to workers.
maybe so but im no millionaire sir, im just a honest biz owner who put all his money at risk, why should i not enjoy the fruits of my risk?
Dude, you're getting fucked, too, and you don't even know it:
I dont have a employer sir, i win because i am no longer mandated by Obamacare of 50 employees etc so i can grow my business
Just stop
Crazy how that happens every time you yank the money out from under a program.
You are a failure
#Trump #GOLF weekends are SO much more important to the #USA #MSNBC #CNN #CSPAN

No respect for this person he is a complete @realDonaldTrump #puppet
Then ur responsibility was to fix whst you & Repubs did to make it fail; not toss out the baby with the bath water!
"...because Rs refuse to help pass legislation to fix it" - there, fixed it for you.
You were around for this weren't you? @LindseyGrahamSC How is it soooooo easy to be a #hyprocite?@MeetThePress
#crazy #old #fool full of #hate #boughtandpaidfor You like your #Obamacare don't you? #MSNBC #CNN #DNC #RNC the #GOP is going to collapse.
History doesn't reward political victories, it rewards improvements in the human condition
Support for that assertion? All I've heard is rhetoric without evidence. That some people find it inconvenient is different than "collapse".
Except it's not. You're a liar.
Then fix it. But don't take health care away from millions and millions. Disgusted by today's callous and heartless vote.
And let's face it, GOP and Trump have been trying to sabotage it. Ashamed of my country today. Ashamed.
Then figure out NOT letting it collapse! Oh yes that might involve a FAIR tax plan & not one that just benefits the rich!
Now, the mess is because of the way insurance works and how insurers respond to having their insurees pulled early by a repeal (2/2)
The Obamacare mess is the result of partisanship by your party when OC was originally in the table. (1/2)
It would be good if you take your head out of your ass before speaking.
Obamacare is on the verge of collapse in the same way that a wall is after the sappers finish their tunnel. Trench war 2017.
Because it's a republican lie
Obamacare has helped and benefited me, sir. All I ask is that you ensure that I can still afford my meds for my chronic illness.

Then fix it Senator and quit blaming Democrats. Cooperate, compromise and quit being a idealogical prima donna.
You are wrong, sir. Your party just took away coverage for millions of Americans, simply because a black man gave it to them. #Shame
They don't even try to hide it.
GOP started process in 2014.Who are YOU trying to fool? 70% of Americans support ACA @HouseGOP ignored majority. 24 mill no HC. sleep well?
Your political carrier is the thing that is collapsing, today your GOP party shit on Americans, and most GOPers will never b reelected - bye
Even if it is, serving up a pile of shit and expecting them to vote for is silly.
Fix it!!!!!
"This wall is about to collapse" says the man in the bulldozer with its blade jacked against the wall.
No it is not. If it collapses, it will be because your President and the Republican Party sabotaged it.
Liar
Your framing is wrong. It isn't about Obama. It is helping folks in need. Get out of your own way!
Trump-Tell lie -Make it big-Keep saying it-Eventually they will believe it-"Hitler" #TrumpDictatorship
but it's not so long as you and the rest of the @GOP leave it the fuck alone
No, actually the #ACA is NOT on the verge of collapse. Try fixing the #ACA. Millions of Americans have coverage including me.
Incorrect.
The threat of collapse is from the threat of defunding, not intrinsic failure. You can help and repair, or you can condemn 24K Amer to die.
So, instead of fixing it and keeping people insured, let's kill our and screw everyone. Good job GOP! #BYEGOP2018
You don't get to break it (by killing risk corridor payments, etc) then claim Democrats are the ones who won't face up to something.
That's OK Lindsay!Won't be quite as many republicans In office very soon! Then your ass is grass and here comes the Democratic lawnmower.
Senator, most Americans believe the right to affordable health care is on par with the right to life, liberty and pursuit of happiness.
Either figure out how to make affordable health care available to all Americans or accept the fact GOP has failed the nation.
That's not true at all they have been begging for help to fix the issues with it.
Because of you GOPers. Why would they work with you since you've already burned them? Fool me once....
Fix ACA!! Not replace it with this garbage.
you know very well all this nonsense you are tweeting is not true so please stop lying.
well your new plan to bankrupt sick and poor American voters will cause the country to collapse so go you.
I can't get my mind around how the Republicans can be so determined to do so much harm to so many. Party over country and constituents.
How's that?
Collapsing, if it is, because of continuing efforts by YOUR PARTY to sabotage it at every opportunity. Your hypocrisy is stunning.
Maybe because they have not seen better options
House Rs just guaranteed a poltical tsunami in 2018.  How do they explain to constituents they voted to take away health care benefits?
You're a broken record. How many times are you going to say the same thing? Point made. Now, how will YOU work with Ds to improve it?
Because you guys are in bed with insurance companies making ridiculous profits and making it unaffordable to the average person!
Are you happy about your tax cut?
And when, in the lasts 7 yrs, has an R offered any help to try to make it better for the American people. Not once u POS!
Do the math....its not.  Fix it, don't recreate the wheel that leaves 24,000,000 without.  And punishes those that need it most.
The dems don't want #trumpcare why can't you repeal the parts of #Obamacare that you don't like? Or does a black man's name offend you?
Oh ya we know, you and you kind sold us out cheap to bil. buddies for whst u call campaign cont and we know are bribes. R U proud of today?
Your lying rhetoric does work anymore. We know who and what you are and your gone on 2018 because you are disloyal you corp lapdog bastard.
Enjoy YOUR excellent healthcare Senator Graham!!
Oh My!  A critical mass of people in advanced nations view health care as a shared responsibility of govt. Get on board Senator Graham!
if you push something over a cliff you don't get to stand back and complain that it broke.
--because of assholes like me."

There, I finished the sentence for you.
Then fix what's wrong, don't replace it with a terrible plan that no one can afford. Vote NO, Lindsey.
Senator, you know this is not true!
YOU LIE!
It will collapse if GOP allows it to. Stop playing with the lives of the American people. Fix it don't nix it.
that's because republicans sabotaged it.
The ACA was fine with funding, but you felt that funding it sucked, do now 35 million will lose it. 24 mil as be4 additional 9 mil price out
It needs help no doubt but R's have done absolutely nothing to help fix it accept bitch about it!
Your party has done everything it can to limit & starve the ACA. It's disingenuous of you to THEN claim "it's on the verge of collapse."
They know it's going to collapse they won't stand behind our President. Democrats lost and continue to be obstructionists Schumer, Peilosi.
A lie nurtured by Trump and rest of GOP #VoteNoAHCA
Bull.  You could fix it. @GOP  just cut benefits, meds and care for most of my patients
The only thing on the verge of collapse is GOP control of The House.
y'all should change the party name to Greedy Old People Party, it's time. #GOPP
You lie!
It was designed to FAIL by Democrats!
Because of deliberate Republican actions and inactions. Own up to it.
They are all willing to fix it.  Big difference between fixing and replacing with this nonsense.  #2018
And republicans refuse to face the fact that their plan is worse! 
Because there is nothing for BIG Pharmaceutical companies to count but profits. Drain the swamp in 2018.
You not Dems. All on you. Fix it it or 2010 will look like a raindrop
Why is your party so obsessed w/ taking insurance away from millions? Are you such craven servants of the richest? It's frankly disgusting.
Perhaps if you did your job instead of trying to undo something that benefits millions, it wouldn't be "on the verge of collapse."
... and the GOP refuses to face up to the fact that they're screwing w our lives and finances in the name of giving the rich a tax break.
Republicans in Congress refuse to admit they encouraged it to!
Please don't insult us with your rhetoric. We understand cause and effect and the intricacy of decisions based on political process. (2)
So is your House Majority
It's on the verge of collapse because of your vehement opposition to ensuring it survives. OF COURSE companies are reacting... (1)
so instead of making it better the GOP wants to pass this piece of poop. This plan only makes things worse.
Can you provide us with direct, data-driven evidence of this? (Cherry-picked premium increase stats don't cut it.)
Do the lives of 24 million Americans mean anything to the GOP?
Because of GOP unwilling to fully fund. Got to get those tax breaks for your rich buddies.
@GOP in Congress refuse to face up to the fact that America is on the verge of collapse.
And Republicans are going to make it better? Sorry not a chance. Why all of a sudden are you a lover of all things Trump? What's the deal?
Hope your family/friends never gets sick Lindsey and lose their health care. Becus they will be knocking on your door asking for $$$.
In no way does that excuse the monstrosity the House just passed.
It is not
Wow. Did you lose your healthcare?
Because you and your GOP stooges refused to help it. Do NOT blame the DEMS. You own this monstrosity!
RUSSIA/TRUMP! YOU & EVERYONE THAT STAND BEHIND THIS PRESIDENT SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELVES.
No it's not. Insurers are nervous bc you guys are threatening to take Ocare away. If you left it alone, it would be fine.
#ACA IS NOT COLLAPSING GOP IS STRANGLING IT. WE NEED SINGLE PAYER HEALTHCARE NOW.
Fix it then!! Don't make things worse. Do your job!!!!
Party over Country or Country over party, Senator? Please make up your mind and dispense with the falsehoods. Are you not better than that?
Is this taunting by an old white US Senator partisan fool over something that means life or death for many? You made sure you wont be hurt.
Instead of saying it, show me the Facts
because it isn't.
U will pay price in house 2018
This is a lie. You're lying. You're a liar. I wonder which you hate more, America or yourself?
Liar.  You kicked the legs out from reimbursement to insurers.  It didn't collapse, you murdered it. It's all recorded.  Stop lying.
And to think that I thought you were one of the sane ones. It's always party over country for you GOP'ers. It's a sad, sad day.
Why won't you work with them to fix it
Is your hate for BO so powerful to just improve upon it? Racism is Powerful
you are a disgrace.
because of Republican interference and lack of support
I used to almost respect you but you are pandering and lying like the rest of the Republicans. Your reckoning will come.
Bullshit. How about you fix it then?
This is false, and you know it.
Shame! I'm so sad I live in a state that voted for shit heaps like you.
Republicans in Congress refuse to face up to the fact that any problems with Obamacare are their fault. Fix it, don't screw us over.
That's not the truth. You're being a partisan hack. Also, why not wait for the CBO report?

This is the truth:
that happen. Shame on you and all you stand for. You're not in it for the people but for yourself.
Because you guys have done everything sabotage it. Face it, @LindseyGrahamSC you have no moral authority anymore. You're with Trump.
Your desire for GOP victory outweighs your priorities. I'll be donating against Trumpcare supporters in elections to come. Nationwide.
It is not. Funny how you have no issue denying coverage to people because now it's too expensive we won't forget #resistance
More BS.  People are on to this disingenuous statement.  GOP is playing with real people's health to score political points with base.
Only because it is being sabotaged.
Why are you lying, Senator? We are you not protecting your constituents like myself?
And Y0U LIE. Hitched your wagon to a traitor.
Fix it!
You, along w/ your fellow Republicans, bear the burden of its failure. B/c of your intractable stance in opposition and defunding you made..
Because of people like YOU!!
It's on the verge of collapse because of GOP sabotage and you know it. GOP destroyed risk corridors early on, and harm it at every turn
maybe you should amend it instead of introducing something equally as flawed.... just sayin
It's not. You just want it to be. You're a fake patriot. Shame on you!
Lies. And if suffering it's because it's being sabotaged, what do u say to all those people who have shared stories of being helped?
Advocating for improvement, actually. Is there a secret "good" ACA replacement plan that D's aren't supporting?
Gee, I wonder why that was?  Wouldn't happen to be b/c of partisan hacks like you that WANTED it to fail from the get go, would it?
If it's on the verge of collapse. Why did your bill protected your coverage?
It's not on verge of "collapse", but it needs improvements, and they know it. Stop talking repeal and they'll work with you to fix it.
Good thing is, this isn't a GOP decision that will go unnoticed. No hiding, Senator. Red state govs didn't want it to work. Cali works.
Republicans now own healthcare! 100% 2018 cannot come too soon!
Democrats want Obama care, tax them for it. Move me to anything Rs passed.  We pay 700 month 7K deductable for the POS Ocare. Good riddance
@POTUS shill.  No better than @KellyannePolls
Then drop the repeal and fricking fix it! Don't throw out baby w the bath water. Arrogance, greed, and lack of empathy fuels this madness.
Your ass will soon be out of govt as well as other Repugnants
Why don't you fund it then?
Working fine in my neck of woods
Only bc the insurance cos run it. Get them out of the mix and use single payer. Medicare works just fine.
This is not the fix!  Vote NO! Be the hero and fix healthcare for everyone!  This is insane! NOOOO!
If it's collapsing it's because traitorous R's destabilized it instead of working to improve it. Unbelievable.
There is no evidence of that, just keep spewing the party rhetoric
Since GOP can't figure out how to fix it, give it to the Dems and vote yes to their fix. We'll see if it fails.
The ACA is the only way I've had affordable, full insurance as an independent writer. Please talk to constituents.
And who is to blame for there being issues? 6+ yrs of a Republican Congress. What did your party do to help improve it? Nothing!
You had six years to work with the Democrats to fix the Affordable Care Act and you refused. Coward.
The deaths of Americans will be on your shoulders, Lindsey Graham.  I hope you're happy now.
How about you call it the ACA and then you fix it?! That's been doable for years but clearly against your agenda to kill it.
You LIE, party before country is not something to be proud of.
You, sir, are grandstanding! We need reform and improvements. Put your actions where your tweets are and reach out to improve not repeal!
So what changed so dramatically after these guys returned from recess all beat up. Wheres the press to find the money that sold us cheap?
Ryan finally slopped out something to rape Americas Health care and make Rich richer. He screwed 911 1st responders but they're not rich?
Because it isn't true #trumpcare
Enjoy your very short lived majority in Congress. It's over in 2018. Count on it
So Trumpcare the insurance windfall is better
You and other republicans will own the disaster that you are creating by repealing obamacare. We will hold you accountable
you couldn't be more full of b.s. even if you tried.
#TrumpcareforCongress

False: @SpeakerRyan's claim that actuaries have determined Obamacare is in a 'death spiral' http://bit.ly/2jyMsNi  
While Republicans refuse to work with Democrats to repair and improve the Affordable Care Act.
GOP the party of lies
That's a fucking lie
