your treatment of Merrick Garland will do lasting damage to the legitimacy of the Supreme Court.
The GOP won, so goes the spoils of victory.  Nothing you can do about it.
"might makes right" does not answer the original point--he's crippling SCOTUS legitimacy 1/
It's "right makes might"; every person stands on their own merit, plus when you win the WH, then u can talk...
just to be clear, Obama WON the WH & nominated Garland. And to also be clear, only 19.3% voted 4 DT
DJT won the EC, Dems couldn't muster the votes to get Garland in.  You may not like it, but reality
and you also miss the point about the 19.3%. There are more in the US than Trumpers, a lot more.
Too bad, Trump in WH is all that matters; wait we have the Senate and House, too, oh my!
Senator Graham, please support all the above & our POTUS.  We may never get this opportunity again!
if the GOP started acting with ethics, they very well could get the opportunity.
Please, I taught ethics, Dems and GOP politicians  lack any ethics at all.  Sad!
Not all, but many...
Frankly, I'd be happy if we kicked all but about 20 members of Congress out and basically started over.
Amen, Katie!  Term limits needs to be the future for all elected officials.  Plus no legacy costs as well; except 4 POTUS/VP
shouldn't you talk about the Garland nomination first?
Why? Garland isn't going to make it!
support independent investigation of #TrumpRussia. Son in law meeting with Russian spy is a bridge too far
I should have figured u for a back alley lawyer.  Trump isn't going anywhere, HRC='s prison w/hubby in tow!
so if HRC had a sr advisor who met with a Russian spy, is there nothing to see here? Puhlease! #GetReal
But America wants to know Is Their President a "Traitor"!
No, HRC is, so is Podesta.  There's your pound of flesh!
Listen to the words of Neal Katyal again. There is no "Biden Rule" he quipped that & was wrong, you did it. #StolenSeat
Yes or no; Does Senator Graham support complete revelations of Russian interference in our elections?
ok you can be a patriot or be someone who goes on Fox. Gorsuch and the 10 million, that's a problem
ask him how a judge unanimously supported before is struggling to get 1 democratic vote for scouts?
stop being a corporate shill and do you job to fight for PEOPLE'S rights. NOT corporations!
While this administration is being investigated there should be no appointments made!!
This Dem from MI likes you Senator Graham but will NOT watch @FoxNews
#confirmgorsuch
I appreciate his views
Sometimes I'm so proud of you, then you go and blow it. Who is the real Linsey Graham?
Graham should be ashamed of himself saying Nunes should step down..Please you r not a Republican
do a real interview with ABC MSNBC CNN vs fake news with Fox for once. Manup do the right thing.
Is that the Lindsay Graham from the Democratic Party???
Sometimes you talk sense. NOT now.
#lindseygraham is a huge hypocrite or losing his mind. He was part of #merrickgarland stonewall
.@LindseyGrahamSC @FoxNews @foxandfriends Why do you keep supporting Trump? You know he's trying to destroy our democracy.

WHERE'S THE PROMISED SENATE SANCTIONS BILL ON RUSSIA? Please follow through.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Every time I think you might be the only sane R left you still never fail to disappoint.
Your partisanship is disgraceful Senator. Merrick Garland deserved a hearing and a vote. Shame!
No Gorsuch until Trump TREASON IS RESOLVED
why don't you go on a media outlet that isn't propaganda?
the majority of Americans don't watch this FAKE MEDIA
will you be apologizing for blocking Garland hearing?
U call Nunes names because he just ruined the establishment dreams of removing POTUS. Ur pathetic.
Forget about all of that. Think trump Russia prosecution.
stop saying ISIL..do some damn research....http://ln.is/nowtheendbegins.com/xIUaR … @SenateGOP
And Nunes?
You forgot to write, "enjoy!"
no one watches Fox and Friends propaganda! you all got stocks in Fox or something?
great interview and nuclear option may be needed. Go for it!
I can't believe you agree SCOTUS justice is valud when Trump is illegitimate, in office by fraud & collusion
What about RUSSIA?
only thing you should be talking about is #russiagate
you stole the Supreme Court seat Blanche.
are you talking about how we already have the strongest military and we don't need to make bigger?
Does that include working on getting Russian influence out of our government?
get him confirmed then!!
Just another morning in the echo chamber.
yeah but you're still a hypocrite
you need to have a talk with your boys in the house before no one votes GOP again
we spend more on military than anyone else? how much more do we need? lets take care of vets and education with the $$$
I love this guy too. Fair and balanced. True republican.
I say term limits.
I have NO Interest in watching LG make an ASS out of himself & America - I will shut FOX off!
Sen Graham 25th amendment!
Go on a real news channel and we will watch.  Not Trump TV.
Gorsuch is not my supreme court nominee or any woman's. You were told that at the town hall.
His still a traitor. .about time he said something positive!!!
fake news....ideaology
How can we entertain a SC nom under president with so many questions re: his loyalty to country?
Judge Gorsuch has a long way to go.  You folks will have to go nuclear to get him in.  Need to wait until Trump-Russia issue.  No hurry.
he also ruled against child with autism & Supreme Court 8-0 over ruled his decision!!
you shouldn't be talking about anything but the investigation of Russian collision. #trumprussia
FYI quit saying ISIL!
If PIECES OF SH!T SAUDIS R OUR ALLIES WE DESERVE 2B EXTINCT. SHAMEFUL That US Soldiers DIE 4 THEM!
Nice to see you back to party over country. How do you lie so easily?
Nice to see you making the rounds #makingnews about our stronger military this morning.
SUPPORT @POTUS Mr Graham! #WeThePeople say get on board with his agenda or get out of the way.
How about supporting our President with your word and actions consistently
Finally! Graham says he will go the nuclear option route if he has to! Great news!
You're very Transparent to We The People.
God bless you Senator. I loved your interview with Fox and Friends this morning. True Patriot!!
Senator, I haven't seen you with Sen. McCain lately. He seems to have gone rogue. Your thoughts?
I am not a fan but thought your points and replies were excellent good job
Are you going to investigate the liar in WH on the taPP? @FoxNews @foxandfriends
Good luck, but Fox News is also part of the Russian propaganda story.
LOOK it's not isil which includes Israel as Muslim. ITS ISIS
(Psalm 109:8) May his days be few; & let another take office. Praying 4 Graham 2 B voted out
We r really gonna make Obama angry.Finally taking gloves off to kill his fellow radical muslims.
but no Russian collusion? Forgot all about that huh? Everything the this admin. does is tainted!
Stop calling it "ISIL" Shows you support Obama.
GOP didn't win. KGOP won. I owe no allegiance to russia
Graham on... channel changes. He is a traitor to Republicans and our President.
gorsuch ... no vote.  Trump is illegitimate
Now is the time for country over party.  History will not look kindly on partisan prancing
meanwhile, Russians are in the White House.
We cannot seat a lifetime SCOTUS with 45 being investigated for treasonous behavior.
Can you mention that our Defense leaders think climate change is a major national security issue?
republicans need to unite they are blowing a great opportunity
America needs Gorsuch.
Dont let the dems run the show vote and confirm the judge this week. No postponments
You've betrayed the American people for party. You're doomed to hell as you know. Pt. Of No Return!
how about a special prosecutor or at least joint select committee?
Any interest in talking ab visitor logs at mar a lago? Imagine if HRC did that? Hypocrisy!
Help the sex slaves.  Hel0 the kids.
I was one too, let me HELP!
The kids need us!
No to any judge until investigations are complete. Support independent investigation. Now. Please.
Please don't take your eyes off that Treasonous Trump?  Investigate, Investigate, and REMOVE him!
Wouldnt watch u for nothin, fox and friends will lose ratings over u
MY VOTE?
Pedogate - Please
The best thing you could say is that you are retiring!! #TermLimits #draintheswamp
How was that Town Hall? Like all the rest, you pretend you can't hear the screams.
yea that's what I want to do. Watch a back stabbing liberal bash the president. NO thank you.
Bet they don't ask you about Nunes.
Happy to see you're not fighting @POTUS nomination of Gorsuch.
Gee looks like you should be investigating Podesta for his Russia Connection! Taking cash!
Podesta and Clintons r business partners in a foreign corp that owns US uranium mines. 
no thanks need to switch to local and catch the weather will be more interesting
NO CONFIRMATION of this charming LIAR GORSUCH.
How about addressing chilling specter of Obama-era political espionage & targeting of Team Trump?
good morning Sen have a great day
Nunes should recuse himself. Will you talk about that?
Bad air, bad water, bad health, bad land, no American steel just Russian, and a lot of bullets,,we are "Winning"
You spelled it wrong. It's Whining
The only subject is Russia and Impeachment. Everything else is trivial
but Clinton didn't win the election. She is Putins business partner, how do impeach that?
Quit arguing like a 3 year old and DJT, " No you're a puppet"
wow, speak a little truth and liberal minds explode. You in your safe room?
I am with the entire deep state who is putting Trump and his family in jail soon. And Graham will help
WONDERFUL
Maybe you could get around to getting us a #SpecialCounsel for #Trumprussia ?
no judge under president under investigation for treason and money laundering.
Does anyone care about people anymore? The sick? The jobless?
.@LindseyGrahamSC @FoxNews @foxandfriends Get Nunes off the committee.
How about Getting the Republicans together and make this Health care work!
