You should join your comrade pal the Groper-in-Chief in Russian exile, you're an indecisive butt kisser.
Your proposal for fed'l progra for the very ill won't work. Needs funding (can't be touched) by healthy or we can't afford to care for sick.
I once thought u were my "republican option" considered u a step above the others. Now ur the same low hanging rotten GOP fruit. SMH
If there was a live action movie about a talking Dodo Bird, I would cast you in that lead role of the Dodo Bird.
Re:health care. We need hearings get amendment reviews. Don't pass behind closed doors.Have hearings, amendments, town halls. Don't hide.
Why is the Senate not censoring Crass Senator Gilibrand for saying FU to Our President Trump..Classless & Crass Cursing..
Reminder: Country before party. Seems you keep forgetting that. Stop undermining Comey & Mueller & stop protecting the traitor.
Comey  the leaker ? Seems to me he's the traitor
Nope, private citizen can leak all he wants. Try again.
He wasn't a private citizen at the time , he is now because The Donald put a boot in his sorry ass . Comey the lying leaker
He was. He leaked after he was fired and because Trump lied. Facts are a good thing.
I musta missed Trump lying,who I did see lying was lying leaker Comey,Crooked lying Killary(remember the emails) Loretta lynch and Obummer
Oh and I do remember No Drama Obama. No lies, no investigations, won the popular vote, twice.
Prove your accusations against Russia BEFORE you attack women & children. We know about your #UkroNazis Explain your war against Ukraine!
Russian $$?  Isn't that illegal for taking foreign $$ in presidential campaign AND money laundering?
Perhaps you should mention this...
Maybe you should spend more time doing your job instead of trying to stay on TV....health care reform....tax reform....get to work !!!!
Mr. Graham, could any Trump campaign funds, say from Mike Flynn, be traced to $$ he got for speaking in Russia?  Would that mean laundering
Please do the right thing and call out Trump.
Me too
Stop pumping your own PR machine. It's bad enough that you go on Fox every day. We should at least get a break from your self-promos on Sun
I hate seeing you roll-over for Trump!
If you're still pro-Trump, you're the one who can't see anything.
How you can possibly make the case that Trump came off "pretty good" is beyond me. He is a disgrace and so are you.
Lock Sessions up for lying to the public.
That's why @realDonaldTrump got elected and u didn't garner 1% because the GOP voter sees u as weak, cuddled up to MSM. U still don't get it
Nice. Take the opportunity to announce a specific action that will protect this nation from a traitorous president.
Millions of Americans are troubled by your poor misguided leadership protecting your&DT's stated interests rather than America's. Party/Ctry
from an independent. Approve of health care  cooperation suggestion.
Sen. Graham, you should've been at the March for Equality!!!
Lindsey you know what you have to do.....get rid of trump ...asap
Senator Graham did a wonderful job. Everyone listen to him and follow his advice.
Excellent segment @LindseyGrahamSC Thanks for your continued leadership.
I like what you said about health care on Face the Nation. What you suggested regarding Obama Care would be welcomed by the Democrats.
Can't listen to you anymore. Your actions regarding Trump are disappointing. You've put your party before your country.  Shame on you.
Please protect #Medicaid for the #disabled! Hank you.
I hope you find your backbone before then.
Trump Shill anything to stay in power not Country over Party with you guys everywhere you look Russians everyone you guys don't care
Do you read your responses to your tweets??? I think the people are telling you what to do!! We the people are the bosses of all of you!!!!!
Traitor!!! Unless you are calling for impeachment hearings  don't bother!!!!
You did well talking for the common man that just wants crap fixed!
Don't care! He put party above country. He's irrelevant now.
You & @GOP will go down in history as who enabled Trump U put him before country & Americans you should be watching your tweets & actions!
it's weird so many republicans talk directly to trump in news interviews.
Resign.
Are you going to be a patriot and put country before party and say you support impeachment of #45?
You've sold your soul,Senator Fraud. It's shameful. You and your fellow frauds in the senate should be ashamed by your disgraceful behavior
Senator Graham you're just an apologist for @realDonaldTrump and when he jumps off the cliff you will follow as will @SenatorTimScott
"Get out of my way, I see a camera!" -- a senator's most famous quote. Won't say which one.
You are just as complicit Lindsey
I think he's going full Trump apologist today
Agree with you in many areas, health care needs single payer like Medicare. Trump surrounded himself and gets advice from Russian influence
We don't need to hear anymore from you, we need you to go to DC and do your flippin' job.
Many fine southern Christian folk who voted for DT are wondering now if he's the Antichrist.  Do you?
Relocate your spine
Are you going to talk how you are taking RUSSIAN money and why you won't defend thus country
Lindsey is so jealous of Trump. Delete your account.
With your total support of Trump has shattered all your credibility I am sorry to say!
How about drop a bombshell and inform the public that you will not be voting and supporting the new healthcare bill.
As always, party before country. Lies conspiracy theories and cover ups. The @POTUS will lie under oath
-.GRAND JURY for COMEY&LYNCH COMPROMISING & COLLUDING on a Federal Imvestigstion of HRC !
Are you going to lie? Will you be blaming Hillary and Obama? #sameold
Try to some about issues and about why Comey the leaker never found leakers.
you don't even care about the interference with the election because repubs weren't targeted! Resign!
Obamacare bad. No evidence of collusion. Democrats ruining America. Climate change a hoax. Dodd/Frank reduces choices

Did I miss anything?
You think Trump listens to you? He listens to no
Enjoy your talk shows now but make plans now for SC to call you on your crap at the polls in 2020.
Do not feed more lies and cover up stories - it is obstructing justice and you too CAN be impeached
Ask them if those new trousers make you look spinless
Just heard your remarks on Face the Nation. Face this: Wake up and smell the corruption.
Chance for you to be a leader and not a sheep.
Asking the democrats for support, like how the republicans helped obama and his fellow democrats during his administration!
As long as #Trump drops bombs, literally and figuratively, you support him. Just bomb a city, YAY #Trump. You are a pathetic voice.
Will you be a public official and honor your oath. Or will you be "party guy"? Republic has been attacked. Stop the partisan bullshit.
I wish I could trust you.
45 needs to release taxes to prove he & / or his companies r not beholden financially to Russians. He acts strangely towards them That'swhy
Remember that you represent America and work for us, please - not for our menace of a chief executive.  Show some courage. Please.
You think this president has a good agenda? What would that be, exactly-taking healthcare from vulnerable Americans? Tax cuts for the rich?
Ask me if I care NO
You are a hypocritical two faced liar. You like #POTUS? You want your damn agenda to be passed. I don't trust you! Clever talker you are.
Thank you Lindsey for tweeting this to see all the unhinged lunatics on the left lose their shit. #MAGA
Country before Party!
Please stand for the rule of law
I'll pass on this week's fence straddling compliments of the all-talk Senator from SC
Still backing Traitor trump?
Really, Lindsey graham defending trump!
Cool. Use your sense of humor and #resist the urge to defend the orange knuckle-dragger. Thanx and have a great Sunday.
Good excuse for me to stagger out into the Texas heat to mow the yard. Enjoy your last moments of "fleeting" fame Lindsey.
Do you have "serious concerns?"
Glad to see you've decided to give actual news a try.
Peddling Trump and Russia? Or siding with sanity and the country.
Nobody cares.
@Sen. GRAHAM of South Carolina  Watching Now
Stop propping up Trump.
You need do the right thing. Stop defending the indefensible.
Just do it. You'll feel so much better.
The bots are out on this one
I imagine the initial dirt Trump had on you wouldn't be an issue if you were a Democrat but subsequent actions would.
Senator, you appear to be a nice guy but you're putting party over country, and that's unforgivable.
Going down with the ship Lindsey Graham?
Wish you would stand steadfast against Trump and lead the @GOP to put country first. American lives are at stake!
Oh yes, bcz creating jobs, tax reform, Va reform, Hc, strengthen military, enforce existing immigration laws is the death of this country!!!
That's funny. Don't hold your breath, it's not good for your health and you may not be able to afford (or even have) health insurance soon.
Please he has already kept several of his promises despite all the noise- dont need gov health 
Let the LIES begin you coward and enemy of the people.  #Traitor
If they don't ask you what the hell are you doing and you answer them truthfully, we are not interested.
Sorry CAN'T WATCH PROPAGANDA NEWS !
Can't wait to hear this.....
more lies? Get rid of trump!
Shilling for Trump must be exhausting work
