Say as will
@VP, sad to see you having to state untruths for the sake of politics. I pray that you be you and stand for God’s will always, regardless!
And you haven't a plan to make sure that all people have adequate health care. Fix that instead of politicizing it. Health is a necessity !
My mother-in-law is 60 Dr. told her her head pain is critical and needs medical attention, can't afford insurance Obamacare won't help.
That's because you guys are trying to kill it.  Blood is and will be on your hands!
Only warding for it
For national anthem
Hope we reach a + conclusion to obtain the required votes to repeal & teplace. Hope this is not a pipe dream
Here to strake off sire
Why aren't Republicans trying to fix and repair & actually hello the American people?
It's imploding because your Whitehouse policies like not funding it and shutting down enrollment are Trojan horse policies
Here that how fuck Obama care off this free to stat
LIES LIES LIES. GOP SABOTAGED THE ACA AND YOU KNOW IT. I can't wait til you and Trump are both impeached cuz of #TrumpRussia
My rates went down by more than $1k per month. You are spreading lies.
Mine whent from company fully paying for it to me paying $1600 per month since the ACA was passed; less than ten years ago. Now on a Co-op.
You need one clapping
Then why do all these groups oppose #GrahamCassidy?? And why are Kochs extorting the vote with $400 million unless @GOP repeals #ACA?
I have kidney disease and Medicaid. The GOP bill will leave me with NOTHING except my eventual death!
It won't as ur hisbtetal of ur national anthem
Put the funding back in that GOP removed.  That is why.
Lies. I'm an average American. Mine did not go up.
Republican plan does not cover preexisting conditions, it has caps on treatment & premiums are much higher. So which plan is the disgrace?
So true. My premium will be $800 higher PER MONTH in January. $30k per year before I even hit one deductible!?!? Dumping and going to medishare.
#KOCH BROS BRIBE GOP-400M to cut ACA for tax cuts
https://amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform …
Remember pence knew about Flynn.
Proof
Pence knew Flynn was a paid Russia agent months before they hired him—a Congressman sent official letter on it & I reported to DoJ-11/18/16. 
But he's totally innocent ... he randomly said for no reason. (Psst. It's cause he's guilty)
 https://shareblue.com/completely-unprompted-mike-pence-declares-he-was-not-aware-of-collusion-with-russia/ …
Why is every Republican an idiot? Never one time have I heard anything about the Demo! Heard mentality? Not once? More stupidity! Obama/care
That ur meleses uman rights to open the hisbtetal
Why are you always lying?
My friggin healthcare is $700 a month #ridiculous
Thanks to Trump it will be $800 next year.
Lying is the new normal for the GOP.  You've been good at it for decades according to your home state.
More Americans have health insurance now than ever before. Stop lying.
Coverage that is useless with 5,000 and up deductibles for one damn person
Such a lie. It would work if the GOP had a heart and remove their hate of everything Obama. Kill ACA because Pres. Obama signed it. Yes?
@VP stated trumpcare gives power to the states. Hmmm, why am I thinking voter suppression.
In KS,  state is not to be trusted.  Two Words:  Kobach and Brownback.
You hit the nail on the head. I find today's GOP a bunch of liars. Kill ACA bcuz Obama signed it and beholden to extreme rich donors.
Need U to pass the fairtax legislation which you cosponsored in the US House. No more votes from me! GOP saving irs.
And look at ur reptshon stat line reptshon bisness reptshon for modenashon
Like ur my for being in offices
All got to do is set up an nhs fowdashon
As that uman rights
I love you pence
You have forgotten...ir was Obama and the Liberal progressive Democrats who brought expensive cost for insurance through  forcing Obamacare
repeal will fail  cuz its not written to help ppl but to help ins corps
Sick people are money makers for big pharma. Give people type 2 diabetes you can charge them for insulin for years.
Fix it not replace it. Geez.
How do you live with yourself with all the lies? Especially being "christian." And not wanting to help others less fortunate? #russia
Because POTUS said ..
Lack of free enterprise on the business end of healthcare giving room to gougers
Wow. Before 1972 it was illegal to make a profit from healthcare. Other countries went single payer in 60s but you let free market gouge
2 socialize it, extension beurocracies must be moved into that sector & away from govt. Many protocols & checks would need 2 be put in place
Funny, no country w/ socialized medicine moving away from it. It works in all industrialized first world nations w/ better quality of life.
When it's constructed properly
Are you saying America can't construct it properly? Am confused what you mean.
That's what I'm saying, with this new admin I think they could
This admin? The one that gave your personal info to corporate & who just gave the military a $700 billion raise but can't feed seniors?
I always wonder how many people commenting actually have to buy useless and expensive Obamacare.  Worst insurance ever.
It's not useless and expensive.  More lies!  Kaiser policies sold under ACA are fabulous!
All I can tell you is my experience. I haven't met anyone other than Medicaid people who like it. It's expensive and they deny most things
A crappy health plan is a crappy health plan anyway you slice it.  I work for a company I'm proud to work for.
Most pulled out a couple of years ago. I've always had good private insurance before AFA? We are going broke. Not heartless
I work for Kaiser.  No profit.  No middleman.  We keep Big Pharma's excess at bay.  Economy of scale. Patents get better care, cheaper.
Josette, ACA doesn't allow YOUR plan to be sold in 50 states. It may be good for you while millions suffer with high premiums & deductibles
So improve the ACA!  This is a vision oh what could be!  Delete the greed and you get healthcare!
Not true. Spectacularly innacurate.
It's true. My plan cost for healthy family of 4 went up almost $7500/yr, deductible from $1k to $9k. Can't even get measly $30 rx covered!
This is not the case for most. Perhaps there were better plans available to you. Don't know your particulars obviously.
The ACA has insured many who previously were not and saved many lives. The Repub bills only harm people. No help.
A good talking point, but not accurate. Millions were forced to buy coverage we don't need/want and can't afford or pay mass tax penalties.
Not a talking point at all. Facts are facts. Regardless, fix the ACA then. Don't take it from those benefitting. And why butcher Medicaid?
I don’t believe a single word spewing out of your evil lying mouth. Trumpcare is evil to the core just as you, Trump & GOP are! #ShameOnYou
Sabotage tends to do that.
Why are you so hard on this FUCKEN MAN THE PEOPLE NEED OBAMA CARE GET OVER IT
Only because you are doing everything possible to kill it.
Thank you for being our Vice President!
Quit lying!!!!
Premiums up? deal with entities raising them. ACA doesn't raise'em, insurance companies raise rates.
Get that SOB out if the white house he is fired take your friend Trump with you. Disrespect of America Lock them up Lock them up.
Because you won't fix it and you have no ideas of your own #whatwouldjesusdo #lovethyneighbor
It's because John McCain and Paul Ryan lying to the American people
You clowns sabotaged it than act like it was Obama's fault. And have nothing good to replace it with. SMH You frogs should be ashamed.
Repeal & replace @realDonaldTrump. SLAP THE PHONE OUT OF TRUMP'S HANDS!! He is ignorant of the dire "consequences!!
You sir are a Liar!
Dude can't you speak for yourself and stop being a parrot and a puppet of the "President?"
That's due to the insurance companies. This shd not be allowed VP Pence!
Your entire administration is imploding and collapsing so you clearly have a handle on what that's like.  Jesusrobot
This is definitely not a repeal of ObamaCare...just a tweaking by lazy bastards to make us think they are working in our best interests !
Well do something with McCain the democrate in republican clothes
Who we gonna believe Jimmy Kimmel or your lying eyes  #lyinpence  #impeachtheliar

Stop trying to submarine it. Most of the problems are the result of Rethuglican sabotage & intransigence.
And Obamacare is technically called the Affordable Healthcare Act Republicans call it Obamacare so people that didn't like Obama hate it
BS I have a pre-existing condition and without insurance I would die tell me how this new plan can help me can save me please and the others
And it's going to sky rocket when you take the ACA away. You really hate poor amarricans don't you?
Aheep follow their corrupt politicians
Can you just stop lying for one day just one
It's making people Suffer more, breaking Americans because of the repealing! Rob Peter to pay Paul
Quite a Christian liar.  Pity that Pence doesn't remember that his god hates lies and liars.
Let it implode! It's the worst healthcare system ever created. Now 28 million have no coverage while 10.4 are covered, do the math. 
It's not just cost of premium! It is the deductible you have to satisfy before you can use the insurance. Why is it no one talks about that?
Please make healthcare fair, inexpensive and good for everyone  Congress has to stop the current healthcare mess. A ripoff for middle class
F Congress for not repealing Obummer Care insurance premiums bigger than house payment Obama the worst president ever
You guys need to leave Obamacare alone because the majority of Americans want to keep it PLEASE
I'm Pence. I say stuff.

Bs
Bobblehead
No thanks to your sabatoge
Just let it implode! Then ask @SenMcCain to fix it then veto the SOB
Taking insurance away from 30 million people won't help.  Your fault price went up & you know it.
Sucked a huge chunk of $ out of this household.  I am beyond frustrated with the fuckers in DC.
I must be an above average American.
Liar liar Pence on 
Unfortunately,  John McCain should have rethought his vote for repealing Obamacare, irrespective of his  political views
Newsflash - your plan does not fix anything
How can you say those things with a straight face?  You do know you are lying?  #VicePotard
insurance costs went up prior to ACA, and would have stabilized had the GOP not purposely sabotaged the markets and refused expansions.

It needs to go away
Actually you are quite wrong. If the average cost of insurance had went up 3K/American, we would either be (a) out of debt or (b) healthy.
You are my PRESIDENT,  But you do not belong in my healthcare!!! Get Out
We as a people of the United States of America, what! Begging! The federal"!! Government,,, to get out of the health care system now!!!
It will go up higher with fewer benefits if you get your selfish and greedy way.  Deplorable.  Disgusting.  Disappointing.
@JSiskoff that is not what this bill does..it makes it worse for disabled americans who SHOULD have FREE Medicare and medicaid in states
Look at what medicare is costing seniors you put a stop to the money hungry pricks who are robbing them blind  I'll stand behind change
Nope. Nope. Nope.
Get rid of Hitler care  (Obama care ) let me pick my health care
Fact
And you think we will be better off when rates for pre existing conditions drive us out of insurance all together?  What a joke!
So fix the fuckin plan not sabotage it. You pseudo Christians want to knock over 20 million people off HC. Medicare for All bring it on!
Only thing imploding is this insane debacle of a presidency.  You're all going down
As a supporter if it does not pass I ask that all of congress also except Obamacare as their health provider or give citizens congress plan.
I do not want to get a tax break if all I can do with it is pay for high premiums in health care!
John McCain. who doesn't have Obamacare, but rather a gold-plated Plan that we pay for, will not help to relieve our burden. Bad Karma.
Yep and it's infuriating that the WH Dems and Obama continue supporting Obamacare when millions are suffering because of it!
How is medical industry making money with all this conflict?
Stop spreading lies, #Dotard 2! You &  #Dotard are a) trying to save face w/this bill b)afraid of Koch bros $ SHAME
Letting states do what fed currently does is not a fix..imo
Mainly because you have made every effort to destroy it. You will pay for this.
WHY NOT YOU YOUR PARTY FIX PROBLEMS INSTEAD DEMOLISH ITS STUPID SELFISH FULL OF GREEDS SHAME REPUBLICANS WANTED PUT THEIR STAMP HATER FOR BL
YOU need to FIX it! Not dump people's health care coverage to give tax cuts to your wealthy friends.
'Mike Flynn didn't discuss sanctions with the Russians' -we know your connection to the truth and your allegiances, Pence
Exactly why insurance companies need to get the hell out you bunch of dotards! They are only in it for the money!!!
You need to challenge the Insurance companies not Obama care
And with the crap u want to givesus is going to go by 10.000 tell me again how bad is Obamacare???
I cannot wait when you try to run for POTUS and the lengthy montage of you dodging question after question rolls.  
#LiarInChief
I think you are pushing propaganda. You are taking insurance away from people who need it most. Work on bringing costs down. Not taking away
#JimmyKimmel will help raise money for those who can't afford it. He knows a lot and is an expert authority on the matter.
And it will go even higher with your new bill! I thought you said it would be more affordable?
They are lying about the new bill, can't the media tell the truth about anything? Pre-exisiting is in new bill according to POTUS.
Rerired and paying 7k health ins..5k property taxes...5k car house ins....
Fock the insurance cos.
Head of blue cross makes millions wtf?
Get rid of it
This. Is . A. Lie. Talk about how the GOP undercut insurance markets and ensured rising premiums.
And the cost when they no longer have ANY insurance?
Will you and your family give up your government paid insurance for this?
Yes. That is exactly how much mine increased, far above inflation. I don’t spend 8k a year at the doctor. I’m paying too much
Meanwhile, it's still costing Americans their ability to provide for their families.
Mine sure has by 3k hit it right on the head.  And I'm a disabled veteran
FEDS screw all up....get out of our health insurance!!!
Common Sence to Repeal
Stop complaining and fix it.
"Don't piss down my back and tell me it's raining!" #UnPresidented
 you just wake up in the morning and start making shit up. What abomination you are.

BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
It isn't imploding we all know you all sabotaged it. LIAR
Ya know what's REALLY imploding, pency...? The trump administration! Chaos and arrogance in the WH! The stupid leading the ignorant!
Because you wont fix the ACA,  and in fact are sabotaging it. The Republicans have no viable plan except to kick people off insurance.
My daughters health insurance just increased $150 a month. People cannot afford this! Please keep trying! Thank you!!#appreciatePOTUS
Impeachment Trump
It's only imploding because of the GOP! We need Healthcare you doltards!
Jackass
Not true!! What you are proposing is totally bullshit!!
If they can even get insurance that covers anything
what happens where u leave govt health protection? do u lose yr coverage and coverage for yr pre existing conditions? DO U? DO U?
don't u have any pre existing condition that won't be covered by fed law any longer? But wait - u get fed healthcare so u continue coverage.
The only problem with Obamacare is your lack of supporting the exchanges.
GOP wants to treat healthcare like it does education: a purview reserved exclusively for those who can afford it. Rest of America can F-off.
Let it implode...
More professional fakery.
NK Kim forgot DOTARD @VP .
Your political party has done everything in its power to destroy this law, and it's still working for millions of Americans. #SavetheACA
Okay, then FIX IT!! Or get something that helps - not the cruel plan YOU promote!!
YEAH .... YOU KEEP SAYING THAT 
Much worse because of sabotage by your pig boss @realDonaldTrump and @GOP You people are heartless.

It is imploding because of your admin. Which is what Dumpee wants.  He is so disgusting. And u are nothing but a lap dog.
which is still way cheaper then NOT HAVING INSURANCE.
its all health care insurance . when u are forced to buy it . they can charge what ever they want
Millions had no insurance now have it. Of course the avg (for all) cost goes up when they start paying for something overnight.
https://twitter.com/MEPFuller/status/910933764703956994 … @FoxNews @BillCassidy @BillCassidy
If you want to know how great the Graham-Cassidy bill is for states, the bribe for Alaska is that THEY GET TO KEEP OBAMACARE!!
What is the AG waiting for these people going to walk
#ITMFA
Make sure not to let the cronies back in, Mr Vice President. Make sure insurance competes and Healthcare prices transparently
Why no CBO score? Why rush something so important???
Stop the lies and misinformation. Americans DON’T WANT the snake oil you and your fellow @GOP hucksters are selling. #SaveACA #DumpGOP
State has now denied me medical Has offer me 2 pay 1600/m bc diabetes most state ins. will accept but not cover my med i pay 2 have nothing
Liar liar pants on fire
Stop lying
Of course it is. You've led the charge to sabotage it, Lying Mikey. God must be so proud of you committing genocide on our poor.
Where is this happening? Care to share (real) data? Nope. More dishonesty in an effort to erase Pres Obama & hurt real Americans
The aca is imploding due to the incompetency  of a repulican held congress!
Its a social comitment.The rate can be reduced if http://reworked.Insurance  is a assurance for the social wellbeing of soceity. We look 4 same
Hey Mr VP, 

Start
the CHANT..OBAMACARE https://youtu.be/uF9p2B7ES5A  OBAMACARE SUCKS U'LL B
HEARING FROM US WE R THE PEOPLE FROM THE USA
So Fix portions need 2 b fixed. Worse than Affordable Care Act! Whoever Votes 4 Graham-Cassidy Bill will Face, first & foremost, Gods Wrath.
These are lies. That's what Repubs do. They never tell the truth. The problems with ACA are primarily caused by Repub obstruction.
How do you respond to assertions that a large part of the last two increases are due to uncertainty created by @realDonaldTrump?
