So you think burning Rome down is the best way to rebuild?How about the fact that the collateral damage are your fellow Americans?Still OK?
Why don't y'all just give us what you have for health care?
If you didn't want problems then Trump would tell insurance companies if the cost-sharing reduction payments are going to continue to 2018.
Yes please Senator Graham, lead the way for a bi-partisan solution.
restate it truthfully, Graham: it may take Republican sabotage of ACA before we all cry uncle.
Scizoid fantasy that Democrats will help strip Americans of coverage and benefits they just gave them.
I believe GOP has voted 4 additional tax cuts 4 rich & R labeling it healthcare.
How can level headed smart people work with greedy mass murderers??? No way, we care about the sick not tax cuts for rich.
If this happens Republicans are entirely to blame. There have been seven years of opportunity to make the ACA takers in the Republican Party
Oh you mean sacrifice people's lives, first? That's been tried. That was pre ObamaCare.
Just repeal not replace. Just fix the areas broken..for the people
I believe the collapse of ObamaCare will disproportionately impact majority republican states and democrats will be just fine with that.
Have you no shame, sir?
If you republicans would stop defunding the ACA it wouldn't fail!!!
Help fix it if you care that American citizens should have healthcare. Don't just root for demise of ACA.  People's lives are at stake.
That's bullshit and you know it. The Democrats stand ready to work together with Republicans to fix Obamacare, and have said so many times.
Check a poll, Senator - Americans like the ACA.  What happened today in the House is a tragedy.  Check out #IAmAPrexistingCondition
Agree.
Highest premium rises where in states where Repuglicans refused to setup state exchanges. Again, interference causing costs..
It will only collapse if you, your Repubs & @realDonaldTrump break it! REPAIR it! People over party! 
You, Lindsey Graham, have put party before people, before what's best for all, before your own conscience. You know destroying ACA is bad.
SC didn't take the expansion and has not cooperated with the law in the first place.  Now it does not work.
That day I saw Obama go into a private meeting with the insurance companies, I knew we were doomed. So much for his transparency speech.
Sad it has to happen that way isn't it. So much baggage with the way it was put together in the first place.
Sweet. How many people will die from lack of coverage or unaffordable coverage before you find some humanity?
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
In other words, Congress would rather let Americans suffer than act like adults and do the job they were elected to do?
To go up so can say it sucks. Self fulfilling prophecy.
You are trying to force it to collapse. All you do is help Russia.
Make no mistake. #TrumpCare is an act of #Terrorism. #TrumpCare is an act of #HybridWar, designed to kill and confound. #TrumpRussia 
Oh stop! You righties are always trying to dupe voters so you can give your rich cronies more tax perks. SO SICK OF YOU fools.
Why not work on improving the ACA?
I am having trouble with my neighbor, I completely destroyed his house so we can have open communication....huh?
You would effectively be destroying all communication between parties.
Trump needs to go
Or, bipartisan action may occur when all Americans are your priority, not just rich, white, republican, and male.
no sir, it will take your party to be more humane. We will not sit by and watch people die. You it seems can
Your party is writing bills that affect 1/6th of the economy and voting on them hours later. Your barking up the wrong tree.
don't say things like that. You're making me nervous.
You should be ashamed of yourself! You didn't listen to the American people at all. #shameful #Resist #CheetoHitler
How about trying to fix the problems in #ACA which is the law of the land. It seems you & @GOP are playing politics instead of helping SC
I believe that had Paul Ryan not done so much to gut the original ACA it would not be collapsing.
that would not work. Dems and media would go crazy
how about working on current system? What you want is to reduce healthcare and line your pockets! MAMMON LIVES!
100% agree Lindsey.  Bipartisanship please!
Easy for you to say, you have good heath care.  I will pray for you.
3.He becomes addicted to Tweet. He tweet more than Trump
4. He have to go next time we vote
2. Now he has a Smartphone, and Tweet
You remember when Sen. Graham smashed his flip phone in ground?
if it takes millions of people dying and going into crippling debt for you to get what you want, what you want isn't good
"blah blah blah let's work bipartisan" 
*also refused to work with Dems on Merrick Garland nomination*
http://www.politico.com/story/2016/04/indsey-graham-merrick-garland-222229 …
please remind me when GOP was willing to work with Dem's during Obama years
Are you going to do something or just continue to talk about it? Americans need action we are completely fed up with all the talk!
Face it. Philosophically, your party believes those who suffer from ailments are subhuman, expendable, useless.
Not acceptable. Letting ACA die through neglect means citizens die through neglect.  I thought you had a stronger moral compass. Find it.
Who cares? They shoved it down our throats and Trump was the answer. Wake up Senator.
U sound like Trump now. All HYPERBOLE when u KNOW better! I'm embarrassed 4 u.
Why such dummies? The folks deserve representation..a friend lost her Dr..got a new one,now the insurance is quitting.
Give it a couple months, it will collapse
You had 7years to fix ACA and avoid killing more people. GOP chose to put citizens in this mess. God forbid the black guy in WH succeed...
And your party has done it's best to destroy medical coverage in this country. I am ashamed of you.
I believe you and anyone else who supportsTrumpCare are morally bankrupt. It seems like having a vagina is a preexisting condition?
#iamapreexistingcondition   U didn't even ask Dems to be part of your house bill U didn't even ask. U hid it from them U had secret meetings
Why are you so obsessed with your doctor? Doctors are a dime a dozen. Coverage for cancer and diabetes is a right
Come on! And you ran for president?  It was the GOP that did not want to work with Obama on healthcare. Heck - denied a hearing for Garland
I vote Ind.  The first side (GOP or Dem) that shows me it's capable of taking the high road to compromise will win my vote forever.  Cowards
Why not work and make it better just to help ppl instead of all this party BS ?
I hope the whole damn government collapses. U all get richer while the poor stay poor
I will do everything in my power to get all the Republicans I know to switch over to being a Democrat. I know I can do it
I switched from being a Republican to being a Democrat. I don't want to be grouped with the Heartless Nazi Republicans.
I think all of U Nazi Republicans need to lose everything that y'all have. That's alright Republicans will lose in 2018.
It only collapses if unfunded
If they see the R's falter and not be able to pass bills, it will only continue the resolve to block everything
The D's need to see resolve from R's to pass legislature in spite of the resistance for them to come to the table
Don't stand behind  Trump . He will grab you by the p($$y and you won't do a thing just like he told billy . Cause they own y'all .
Oh Lindsey! It will be you and your cronies paying back your rich donors in the rose garden in the future . While innocent people die Paying
Everyone knows the truth. 7 years of GOP obstruction to pushing out this immoral garbage today. Dems have tried to work with GOP. U r a liar
Oh give it a rest.  Today's Republican Party NOTHING to offer the American People except excuses. Just stop.
I imagine even then the @GOP and @POTUS still won't work with the Dems. Your arrogance towards, and disdain for tbe people is staggering.
Where's the responsibility on the part of Republicans to take care of Americans? You're just blaming and no actual care for humanity
Get the healthcare insurance industry out of the government and the ACA will not collapse.
I wish I lived in your state so I could visit your office and tell you the gop is acting like rich bought douches!
Nope, it will take the midterm elections to work together.
NO. Nothing will cause decent people 2 vote yes 2 kill poor, disabled, sick, elderly & kids. Such hypocrisy 4 GOP to be pro life! Big joke
RUSSYIA
Really?  I hear the @TheDemocrats already talking abt working together. If UR already dismissing them out of hand then that's your problem.
When the government collapses, as it will, people will revolt and a lot of shit will change forever because of greedy republicans!
I respected you for about a minute.  I would like that minute back.
Your party is to blame for this collapse. I have a rare cancer. I will do everything to defeat your party.
Parties are supposed to work together for the betterment of it's citizenry at all cost. Resolve the differences and enact good laws...
What is wrong with Mitch McConnell he is a do nothing waste block block block no matter what it is
Well why is that this trump care is not the answer why can't you big boys stand up and work together ridiculous both parties sick of it
Don't disappoint your voters by playing games with the NObamacare repeal bill in the Senate.
I used to respect you, despite out political differences.  Now you're just another rent boy for Trump.
Sen, we are watching and we vote! Trump Care looks like and abomination, designed to abuse working Carolinian's to the benefit of the rich.
Then let it happen
Which is exactly why Congress' approval rating has been in the sewer for the last 8 yrs. You are the majority! So either use it or lose it!!
"I think this is one of the largest pure redistributions from poor to rich in one bill we've ever seen." -J. Gruber
Or you could work to fix it. You know like a leader would do.
I believe it may take old fashioned bipartisan compromise as well.  So, you have the majority.  Who is reaching out and leading this?  You?
Sad, Dems asked for Rs assistance for years...nothing. House Rs that voted for AHCA don't care about healthcare for the vulnerable.
It's only failing because you and other republicans are sabotaging it.
Shame on your party. Heartless cruel soulless
Let's give the top 1% a big tax cut, just as you will give them a big tax cut with tax reform. Screw the middle class and the poor.
Why not just lead from the front for the benefit of all? 

-reluctant HRC voter who had no good choices but loves America n believes in us.
And you tried so hard for the last 8 years. Shame on you
@LindseyGrahamSC How does this law affect you or anyone in your family?
Until your Corporate Overlords allow you to come up with a health solution that doesn't wreak havoc in people's lives GET USED TO IT.
When the hell has the GOP been about bipartisanship? All you did was try to block Obama for 8 years. You guys are hypocrites.
Your right after watching the house vote and the outburst from the Dems. There has to be a bipartisan approach to getting things done.
Have u reached out? Healthcare doesn't affect me but that tax bill will & I hate it
It will be trumpcare's collapse now.
Today and tomorrow I would like for you to just stop talking about what you think may or may not happen. Please!
So it would bring a family closer, which would be a good thing, if one of their kids got cancer and died?
we all want a bipartisan solution but you can help make one that serves your people.
From 2008-2016 you've shown that you have ZERO interest in working in a bipartisan manner.
Throwing the BS flag on that!  And they didn't even read the ******** bill.
YOU WANT TO KILL PEOPLE TO GET YOUR POLITICAL AGENDA PASSED
YOU KNOW THE ACA IS SAVEABLE. THERE ARE NUMEROUS THINGS YOU COULD DO TO STABILIZE IT.
YOU ARE A FRAUD AND A LIAR AND YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF.
With all due respect Senator, we got closer today to a Single Payer system than Bernie could have gotten us in 4 yrs. #Single-payer
okay but Obamacare is better than the alternative so please vote no on #AHCA
We'll remember this. 2018 is around the corner. Country before party. People before politics. People before greed. People first.
Bull, no attempt made to work with colleagues across the isle. Tried to rush through a heinous bill that harms americans.
You had every chance in the last 8 yearsto make the law work; You chose not to.
That's not what we voted for Lindsey.
We don't respond to blackmail. If Obamacare fails, it's on you and your party.
Until this moment, Senator, I think I never really gauged your cruelty or your recklessness. Have you no sense of decency, sir, at long last
You have not tried!  Are you kidding!  7 years of undermining and trying to make fail.  Now the house passes a billionaire tax cut.
And in the mean time how many Americans will die?
Its collapsing because your racist party has done all it could to insure that it would!
The real question: what's it going to take for republicans to work towards improving the bill ACA like they should have 7 years ago?
If it was a natural collapse and not one caused purposefully by GOP it would be a different matter. You wanted it gone. This is on you.
Old man Lindsey you just committed your own personal republican suicide. Your finished.
#VoteYouOut if you don't start #DoYouJob. #Corruption in GOP #Collusion #Liars #TrumpRussia #Nepotism #Ethics #Emoluments Checks & Balances
Your party has been undermining the ACA rather than working to improve it. Shameful.
For many years, shame, shame on the entire gop
BIG GAME ON SENDING OUR TROOPS HOPING TO DIR SO YOU DONT HAVE TO PAY FOR HEALTHCARE
The only way it collapses is if you, the #gop, sabotage it. We'll be watching.
Did you invite Dems to help improve #ACA? Nope. You all are going to own this POS.
The collapse of the historically corrupt Republican Party is what it's going to take. Step down. Get a real job.
WATCH: GOP lawmaker: "I will fully admit" I didn't read entire ObamaCare repeal bill http://hill.cm/8oqj601  
there were YEARS for bipartisan effort to fix the few problems. GOP wanted it dead to stick it to President Obama.
and you know it. So do we.
Indeed they are still butt-hurt about a black man being their leader for 8 years. Professional liars in contempt of history and race
And I'm sure you all with your big Insurance donors will figure out a way to make that happen. Perhaps Healthcare should not be for profit!!
Y is that? This is Y we need term limits! Nothing gets down w/lifers in DC. U R all 2 invested in career empowerment vs USA empowerment. Sad
YEARS OF SABOTAGE. @SenateDems DO NOT BAIL THIS IDIOTS OUT! LET THEM DEAL WITH ALL THE FALSE NARRATIVE!
A better solution should have been ready to go into place. Pre-exist conditions MUST still be covered!
You could try to improve healthcare instead of destroy it.  If bipartisanship was something you really wanted ACA would be great.

On your side completely, but just FYI:
I am giving myself FOUR Pinocchios for the following tweet because it is completely and totally wrong /1 
You only had 8 years to make that work
Cool. Guess a lot of us will just collapse along with it.
Why are R's refusing to work towards improving ACA?  1 group wants to fix & 1 group wants to repeal/replace. Public will be the losers.
I am all for a bipartisan effort to make healthcare truly better. But Trumpcare is absolute rubbish. Hope the Senate realizes that!
Lol, you should never, ever talk about bipartisanship.
No. It'll take MoC victims of the #2018 #voteout. But you were SO COCKY at your TownHall. You think it'll never happen. 
Please smash your phone.  I don't have a big enough shovel for your bs.
You mean like a government shutdown?  Surely that's why we elected you.
You had years to work with Dems to fix it.
They rammed it down everyone's throat.
It doesn't have to collapse if YOU (GOP) were willing to work with Dems in the first place to make it better. You refused b/c of politics. 
Where's your example?   ACA was created without the Dems accepting input, since election they refuse to talk
The ACA was legislated for over a year including public hearings from experts in the field. The ACHA had no such process. No CBO score, etc.
Naw, the @TheDemocrats would rather stand way back while watching Republicans, implode.
and in the meantime… how many die? Go without care? Choose between food and medicine? Have asthma and get denied?
Give us healthcare like Australia, Trump says it's better.  No tax breaks for the rich!
That is EXACTLY what we should do. Trump said he would give us better healthcare and said Australia's healthcare better. We want theirs!
