health care be damned...focus on the treasonous relationship between the White House with Russia
Yeah...won't be bothering with that. Alignment with Trump has destroyed any credibility you might have had.

.@LindseyGrahamSC @oreillyfactor Are you going to address the many problems with Trumpcare...millions uninsured, redirecting money to rich.
A vehicle to deliver a huge tax cut to the rich. It's not about Healthcare. Does not help people or USA.
Good, remember to point out only 353,000 people in your state will lose insurance coverage under Trumpcare
Please try to cure the ills of the program without killing the patients like the House is trying to do.
can't we have someone who would add some value instead of just talk
incredible how many years the GOP has had to come up with their "better alternative" only to consistently fail. #SaveACA
.@LindseyGrahamSC @oreillyfactor FIX THE PROBLEMS.  It is unconscionable that the GOP want to leave millions of people uninsured.
just like you leftists, Lindsay didn't expect Hillary to lose either. But she did  US is blessed!
Obamacare did nothing to help middleclass. Trumpcare is no better. Higher premiums, less benefits. SAD
THEN FIX OBAMACARE!  DO YOU JOB!  HELP AMERICANS WHO NEED HEALTHCARE, FOR GOODNESS SAKE!
Only problem with Obamacare is that Republicans don't like it. It's been great for our family for 3 years.
#Ryancare stinks not what @POTUS promised.  @SpeakerRyan will face #midterm #bloodbath #RepealAndReplace
Biggest problem has been the 8 years of obstruction and unwillingness to make better! C'mon Senator!
.@LindseyGrahamSC @oreillyfactor FIX THE PROBLEMS. Do not redirect money from the poor to the rich...no mercy.
Don't let me down! Talk about problems with Trumpcare and more breaks for the wealthy
one of the main problem the republicans have is Lindsey Graham!
Talk about the the increased costs to elderly. 
#TrumpedUpCare is 5x's the costs vs ObamaCare is 3x's
I try with you. I really do. You're my Senator. But you piss  me off, always towing that party line.
vote him out!
I will.
Easy to go to a non-critical venue, go where you will be challenged.  O'Reilly is paid to make you look good
many more problems with Ryancare.  Do your job, or lose my vote
.@LindseyGrahamSC @oreillyfactor What about "the many" (24 mil) who would suffer under GOP's Trumpcare? Sad! #BatShitCrazy
Mention that CBO head is a Repub pick. Doubt Fox viewers are aware.  Tell poor and old people how this is good for them?
U mean Trumpcare. Higher premiums till 2026. 24 m uninsured. U R SO OUT of Touch and obviously insured
Mr. Graham, let's unit the party !
Excellent interview. Surprised to see how positive he was about @POTUS
Fix it
thank you Senator Graham for being the only member of the GOP to actually stand up to the Putin Puppet in WH
no one  with a brain tunes in to  fox. Try telling truth about how trumpcare hurts millions
@SpeakerRyan @realdonaldtrump   Did Watergate thugs have a warrant to wiretap? ..Dennis Kucinich James Rosen
Senator, why don't you work to improve the ACA instead of "letting it implode".
O'Reilly will be nice to you talking about Obamacare, but don't you dare mention the Russia/Trump claim.
Obama invited GOP to better his plan, but GOP chose to destroy it and give tax cuts to rich cats.
you should talk about the many problems with #Trumpcare. Though that'd take a lot longer.
Let the people suffer because you hate the law.  Great leadership. Way to work together for the good of the country.
do your job and demand investigation into trump Russian money laundering and espionage DO YOUR JOB
The @GOP is putting a nail in their own future political coffin if they pass this garbage plan.
& the "brilliant" solution the best GOP minds came up with? "Nobody knew healthcare could be so complicated"
If you own a car that's broken, do you throw the whole car away? Most people try to fix things first.
stop politicizing healthcare.will this same scene play out every 4 years?Messing with peoples lives?Fix it!
if you want to move country forward, stop bashing and start fixing. Unify. Don't divide.Your words matter.
Nice attempt to deflect the disaster of #Trumpcare but we're not stupid.
why don't you discuss why american medical care costs 75% more than the rest of developed world?
start more healthcare co-ops for office visits then we could only have to have catastrophic
look into Atlas Healthcare,co-op-patients  only pay a small monthly premium- then only need catastrophic
myself & many other Americans are sick of the entitlement programs and the Obamacare has one of the biggest
I did. It was pathetic.
I'm just starting to like you. Don't ask me to also watch fox
if you and John McCain want to be a Democrats you need to move over to the other side quit sabotaging Trump
Isn't that the same as shamelessly plugging Ivanka Trump's crappy clothing line made in China?!
speak to the many problems of the new plan!
there are problems with the ACA but not like with #Trumpcare...we are counting on your sanity!
How about those tax returns?
There are a lot more problems with this new GOP plan, and you know it. Shameful.
please talk about the problems with AHCA instead
I doubt we'll hear about the alternative reality world of Trumpcare
Fix the issues, leave the coverage.  If you go with Trumpcare we will put you in the failure pot.
Please protect Americans. We all need affordable quality healthcare
Not fair & balanced if you don't address the bigger problems w proposed #gop plan.
hope you point out the biggest of them being Rubio getting rid of risk corridor!! Be a hero sir!
Maybe you should focus on the things people like and protect it! Giving tax cuts to millionaires doesn't make us healthier.
the GOP is the major problem
There are problems with Obamacare but TRUMPCARE will be a disaster for 24 million Americans. Be honest!
Senator Graham did a great job. Had an IMPORTANT message for President Trump: If is isn't great, let it go!
Could you just once do what is in the best interests of the people instead of the GOP? Bashing ACA won't fix GOP plan.
would never watch fox news ever not even for you.
this is not about getting re-elected. It is about healthcare for all just as #POTUS promised U care about us
Don't encourage the mindless Fox viewers!
Speak about the disaster called  #Trumpcare
let Obamacare die shoved down our throats let Dems try and save POS they created Govt should not be involved
is it a two hour show and you are the only guest
compare it to TrumpCare and you'll change your tune.
@realDonaldTrump Trumpcare looks like a fucking disaster
nobody cares what the Democratic Senator Graham says.
. Don't repeal it. Just fix it. Keep the good and trash the bad and improve it.
as a constituent I hope you are support @RandPaul 's plan!
how about the problems with #Trumpcare ?
Yeah, and another thing.  It's not Obamacare, IT NEVER WAS, it's the ACA. Emphasis on affordable.
EVERY1 KNOWS OBAMAS PLAN IS BAD BUT AT LEAST HE BELIEVE IN IT AND PUT HIS NAME ON IT - THIS BILL STINKS
Fix the ACA. Don't repeal it!
Quit bitching about the ACA and fix it. The Republican plan is not it and you know it.
Seriously? Funny how your party created that "death panel" BS. Yet, you are signing off on that very thing.
wow, lame
Let me get this straight. The GOP plan is a disaster and you’re going to be talking about the ACA?
yet you have no solution.
you mean Trumpcare?
Rs own Trumpcare now. 2018 is coming as is minority status for you in both houses.
How about the effing disaster called #Trumpcare.  R U signing up for it? No? Taxpayers pay YOUR coverage.
And what do u tell the Black Lung constituents of WV when #Trumpcare cuts their benefits? #Deathsquad
come on. you're better than this. ACA was far better than RyanNoCare.
You must have had a good day.First time I've heard you speak that I didn't want to turn my TV off.
talk about the ACA all you want, as long as you acknowledge #TrumpCare is a slaughterhouse.
how about the many problems of trump care?  Like millions being kicked off
we're not watching that garbage. I do believe you're done, Linds. #2018
medicaid money for disabled saves millions to each state-our union says could be cut 10%due to cuts,true?
Yes! Sen.Lindsey GRAHAM
single-payer would MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RUSSIA and Trump, snug as a bug in a rug of repubgnant filth and hatred of those less fortunate than his son
We R sure the Trump Tower was wiretapping. 
Obama did it to Merkel 
He is a lawless man
@libertylatina @oreillyfactor stay strong and make our state proud.  The truth must come out.
What you "owe to the people of this nation" is to keep & honor your word. You signed a pledge, man up.
AND THE ENORMOUS PROBLEM WITH THE NEW PLAN
Talk about how you are going to keep people insured and your party is going to investigate Trump
What about the FISA application?.
The @FBI and Obama administration can't be trusted .
Whoa...."wiretaps" can be unlawful.  Watch saying there are no wiretaps.  If no evidence=no legal wiretaps
and this is why you have ZERO credibility. You're a partisan hack.
275 BILLION in TAX BREAKS for TOP 2%?? (earning over 200,000.00/yr) #REPEALryan
Are you kidding just let the health care system fail? The people get screwed while you've got a premium plan
@POTUS cld b a gr8 negotiator but his background is NOT healthcare. He must rely on others.
#oreillyfactor
You McCain and Ryan need to get the hell out!#draintheswamp
talk about the lack of anything with TRUMPCARE
I am one of your constituents and ask you to vote no on #trumpdeathcare. Also, please expand Medicare.Thanks
The problem with Obamacare is it covers more people than #Trumpcare & taxes the super rich to pay for it... Oh wait those are benefits
we NEVER watch @ORiellyFactor. That man profits from shredding the fabric of our great Nation.
You don't have a clue what's going on or how to fix it. Hint: Trump isn't the answer.
Might as well talk about Obamacare. Not much to talk about with your plan.......
Do something honorable for once & talk about what's below while you're visiting w/ @oreillyfactor
You mean tRumpcare, right?
ACA is being repealed, remember? What about problems with JOK ( joke of replacement)
You mean #Trumpcare Honest mistake I'm sure
this could have been taken care of long ago if you republican would've just worked with Pres Obama
How about the many problems with Trumpcare?  Speaking about those?
That'd be as bad as watching Shep Smith....and he gets turned off on my TV.
...then when is the repeal...and middle-class tax breaks?
When I want to listen to clueless Democrat impostors like you, I will watch CNN.
get it right Lindsey GOPDeathcare!
I am sure you mean, you will speak about the problems with Trumpcare.
would you send us a summary so we don't have to watch Fox?
l won't. Tryancare certainly isn't the solution.
what about problems with #Trumpcare ? Let's focus on solutionsss and save the ACA!!
hope u retire soon rino
You break it---you buy it #Trumpcare
Will you cover problems with Trumpdontcare too? Tell America the truth, all the truth. Stand up & U benefit
I would love to listen to you but I can't watch Fox News Appear on msnbc or cnn I HATE FOX
um, you might want to speak of the "perks" of the new R I P care, I mean Trumpcare, I mean Obamacare light.
-  you mean the infotainment channel? Fake news!
I really would like to, but FOX says my Samsung Smart TV can listen, so I removed FOX from my TV.
Are you also going to discuss the obvious flaws in #Trumpcare ?
Ain't no more ObamaCare Lindsey. It's all Republican now. Do something.
get the fed out of my health care & shut down the IRS
Agree with you that there is a danger in moving too quickly to replace it.#Affordabilty #Options for all.
as a ACA proponent, it needs tweaking. But the problems with trumpcare are that its inhumane. Discuss that!
Hiw about many problems w #Trumpcare too, sir. This is not the right replacement for America. 
great, can't wait till we can bitch about #Trumpcare
And, presumably, the much larger issues with #Trumpcare ??
Don't you mean the problems with TrumpDontCare?
There are even more with the Republican plan.
Then FIX IT! Hint: That's your job.
Maybe you should discuss the many problems with the @GOP replacement plan?
FOX be real
@All100Senators @oreillyfactor You mean @GOP sabotaging ACA & now shoving #GOPNoCare down our throats? Insur co's welfare!
Read your electorate, Senator Graham. The winds are changing. Adjust your sails.
This should be fun...especially further to the report released today. But of course it is flawed somehow.
When you get to the hell-hole that is the @GOP version, I may. IF it's not broadkast by that gruesome group @LindseyGrahamSC @oreillyfactor
I don't think #Obamacare, which is WORKING, is what you need to talk about.
Why to watch you lie?
you're allright!
Won't be tuning in. ACA has more pros than cons. My fam likes ACA. TrumpCare has more cons than pros.
Talk about Steve King also.
O'Reilly is where you Republicans are allowed to spout your lies.
And what have you to say about King? Wire "tapps"? Russia? Kushner's deal with the Chinese?
maybe you should focus on #trumpcare the plan you've had 8 years to create?
