POLITICO-Harvard poll: Obamacare repeal still tops GOP voters' to-do lists http://politi.co/2jwugFY  
Let's take a stroll thru todays senators/editors email excerpts & important things on #GCH shall we? 
Say WHAT? I may be old-deaf & half blind but my giant magnifying glass tells me these folks are SMARTER than #GCHJ  
For love of God vote NO
Take the profit out of healthcare and it would be much less expensive.  Should be a human right. Why does the US put greed over lives?
Preach.
And remember - your doctors and nurses are not making the huge profit. Insurance companies are.
Very true. Medicare isn't allowed to bid the same manner as the veteranadministration.We should pay the same price that France end others
Let me get this straight. You *don't want* Americans to have affordable health care?   
I thought we were done with that concept.
ACA is not affordable!   So way are you in favor of it?
OBAMA CARE IS IN A DEATH SPIRAL! Grahams Bill beats $32TRILLION TAXPAYERS MONEY  FOR SINGLE PAYER!!
Get on board with Bernie's single payer plan, or be part of the problem. It works wonderfully for every other modern society on the planet.
Then why are you still here?
Repeal and Replace Trump.
Obviously not. 3 million more people voted for Clinton. Russia helped DT and DT's now under a national counter-intelligence investigation.
NO!!!! Without Obamacare, I would be uninsured!! Quit trying to take us back to a time when insurance companies could deny coverage at will!
Why do you think I should pay for your insurance?   Your problem is not my problem!
I pay my own insurance, thanks to ACA that won't allow insurance companies to deny me coverage. Ppl who are uninsured cost taxpayers!
You are so out of touch with what people want. They want to be able to pay their bills and depend on insurance for themselves and loved ones
The problem is too many want healthcare free with someone else paying for them.  There is no free lunch.
And to leave us with nothing.  SHAME ON YOU Mr Graham.
The only honorable thing to do when you sponsor a bill that will cause your own constituents to die, Senator, is to apologize and resign.
Completely DISAGREE!!  Dems wanted to PROVIDE healthcare, Reps to take it away.  Medicaid needs expanding, not reducing.
@politico A plan to kill Americans. #LindseyGrahamsATraitor
Senator McCain reminded everyone of the correct way forward.  You apparently were not listening.
unfortunately McCain has indicated he will likely vote for this.
Im calling his office a lot as the mom of a brain cancer survivor begging him not to do this.
You did good!
No hidden tax breaks for the rich
I don't think they did a good job hiding anything here.
I will always remember you as the man who opposes protection for those with pre-existing conditions.  #GCHJ #GrahamCassidy #FixACA
Ok as long as we stop paying for Senators and Congress insurance and take away their pensions
Use regular order and fix HC for all Americans. Repeal for the sake of repeal will harm people. @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake
You are a traitor to, we the people.
Grew up Republican. Believe in single payer healthcare plan. The American people want it..
I'm still a Republican (though I don't seem like it most of the time) but I have been for single payer since I got Champus/Tricare!
If republicans are seriously concerned about the cost to taxpayers, #MedicareForAll is the only cost-effective option.
Having people uninsured, sick, and going bankrupt harms us all, morally and financially. Repealing with no replacement is idiotic.
I couldn't agree more, it completely reduces our ability to be globally competitive.
I'm hearing this more and more from Republican voters, glad to know we have some common ground!
Well, like I said before, I'm not really a practicing Republican.  I supported McCain in 2000, but he lost me Waugh Palin, I BHO, but 1/
Feel he didn't fight hard enough to get single payer. I'm also liberal on social issues and am not sure how to handle illegal immigration2/2
Yep, gotta strip health insurance from millions so your wealthy donors get huge tax cuts!
@politico You tweeted this 4 days ago Senator Graham.  Four days.  See the number of ReTweets? We don't want this. NO #GCHJ
@politico If only. #fullrepeal
I believe the Dems were GIVING something to people. The GOP is taking it away.
Dems want to improve lives. You want to destroy them. There's a big difference. Who exactly do you represent?
You need to read more
You need to understand what you read. Americans will die when this repeal happens.
Please fix ACA as the majority of AMERICANS want.
Please FIX Obamacare; petty political gains by repealing won't help sick Americans
He's trying to get his Koch brothers allowance first. (And then he'll forget about us anyway). Wake up and #FixACA, Lindsay.
The @HouseGOP and @GOPSenate have all but ensure their demise in 2018. We the People elected you on false promises and you will pay hvy
Don't forget their lack of a viable replacement for ACA means that they've been trying to send 20-30k people/yr to early graves with #GCHJ
Again, 270 retweets in the space of 3 days? People do NOT want ACA repealed! You are making a HUGE mistake. Work w/Alexander to fix it.
If it makes you feel better, we can tweak one thing about Obamacare and call it Trumpcare.
Or Grahamcare
You are too smart, practical and logical for the Senator. He should hire you for already doing  more than his entire party has in 8 years
Republicans must be determined to FIX healthcare in a way that benefits ALL Americans. Period.
Then propose a full repeal, not this pick and choose what's repealed crap.
Why do you want people to die? In this day-and-age we shouldn't have to fight so hard to get good healthcare, which means bye ins Companies.
Sorry Lindsey, the majority of Americans want Obamacare to stay. Repubs are only about 29%. Better worry about more than them.
What's with Graham ? Is this the real Graham or a fake Graham?
This is a good question. Who do you think is pulling his strings?
Bullshit!  U must be eager to challenge Trump as you challenged Obama daily.  Why are you so silent now.  Obama raised presidential bar
No killing sick Americans due to lack of coverage
No blank check for the insurance industry
FFS. Stop the madness. You old men are so out of touch with reality, it's frightening.
I love how you keep calling it Obamacare... Maybe we should use #ACA and see who wants a repeal then.
Yes...I stand with Trump to repeal Obamacare....
Go fuck yourself, Senator.  Blood on your hands.
For a moment we thought you were the sane one; you horrible, horrible man. How dare you take this away from us. #imapreexistingcondition
Your statement implies a lack of bipartisan due process re Obamacare. There is a monumental diff between determination and due process.
@politico just fix it and be quiet about it.
Then why, pray tell, didn't you get your friend John on board
Ummm...NO
President Trump should give your number out again so we can tell you personally
Lindsey Where Have You BeenGetting Close To ElectionSaying Dumb Things Like Don't Vote For Me If Your Against The Dream Act@myGianLuca
#Fake #Fake #Fake @LindseyGrahamSC
we've been telling you to REPEAL for 8 years Lindsey,
Who are you talking to?  You and McCain are two of the biggest obstacles in the path of MAGA!  Do you hate Americans that much?
Lindsey, make it happen.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr Your all due 2 be recalled 4 failing 2 support @POTUS Jan 21! Instead, U worked against him/America SHAMEFULLY!
So why when Senate had the chance, choked? We are not stupid. We are just tripping along the merry path with no real change.

Hey @LindseyGrahamSC How could you listen to my concerns for my child's life & then propose a #healthcarebill that could kill her? 
Yes, Repeal and Replace with @Sensanders bill for #MedicareForAll #Medicare4All #SinglePayer and @RepJohnConyers bill #hb676
Let's repeal YOUR HEALTHCARE first. You give up your benefits before you take away ours. How's that sound? #MedicareForAll
No. You should be determined to make healthcare BETTER. Not repeal what little progress we've made. STOP THIS. #MedicareForAll
24hrs 216 retweets, I think that says it all...
So WHY THEN DIDN'T YOU REPEAL IT? STOP WITH THE NONSENSE AND DO IT!
Do the country a favor, get on the #TrumpTrain and leave the #DeepState --PLEASE!
What you should have said is Republicans must support @POTUS  as Dems supported @POTUS44 . Look in the mirror and ask yourself if you have!
Not only did the Democrats support Obama, but the Republicans supported him too.
Yes, and I smell New World Order on a lot of GOP Senators and Congressmen and women. Term Limits will never be passed but should be.
NOW! Do Your Job!
How about working to pass #MedicareForAll

America deserves the same health care Congress has. Taxpayers are paying for your hcare Lindsey!
You've got something worthwhile with the block grant soln. DON'T GIVE UP! Go see @POTUS.  Also take the matter straight to the people.
IRS used its power to politically discriminate against conservs.  Hlthcr under Fed control will ultimately be used to likewise discriminate!
Give healthcare mngmt to states! Let Fed Gov deal with natl issues, not get bogged down with our health! Most cits support grants to states!
First of all Mr Graham... Congress NEEDS to get to work.. let's start there!!  Enough of the hiatus on taxpayer $
Hypocrite.
Why don't you support our @POTUS you damn RINO! You're anti-American & anti- @realDonaldTrump. GET OUT OF THE WAY!!!
I'm not a Democrat. Ex Republican because the GOP is corrupt and doesn't have the best interest of the citizens. A repeal is a stupid idea.
How about we call it the ACA instead of Obamacare and fix it instead of getting rid of it! You gentlemen are so fixated with getting rid...
...every vestige of 44 that I believe you will stop at nothing to do so, regardless of whom is hurt in the process. The ACA was passed...
...with your parties' input. Get back with the Dems and focus on the areas you can find common ground with to fix and work the rest later.
Stop taking out your vengeance on innocent people.
GOP IS as determined to take away healthcare and hurt them as Obama was to try to help people.
We hate you guys.
Give it up.  Nobody eants it gone except the GOP.  You will lose in midterms if you repesl.
I know a lot of people, Republicans and Democrats. No one wants to repeal the ACA. They want it
Mitt Romney will be very sad.
No repeal is not the goal- a sensible compromise is the goal - what this country was founded on.
Btw, this is a partisan social media move- not worthy of you or the office. Dwell in the nuances and find a sensible compromise #macro view
Ind voters are tired of what parties are against- if repeal is your goal, what are you for as a fix of a runaway system-
Good God No I do not agree. Do what's best for the health of the people in the US. Not just the damn republicans.
Really? Or maybe don't go blindly down that road now that you see that only 17% supported your last try? What the HELL are you all doing?
Can't repeal until you have something better. You guys just don't get it. You don't do anything for the people
Single payer please
Repeal, replace, skinny repeal, move on. pick one, make up ur mind. U got the prez (a raving lunatic), the house and senate. So do something
No I don't agree. I'm with @SenSanders in this one. Please stop your lousy work on this repeal and replace.
Democrats must be determined to UNSEAT YOUR ASS come the next opportunity to do so!!!  I'll certainly contribute to an opponent!!
Look, Senator @LindseyGrahamSC  you will never out asshole Trump, or even @SenateMajLdr  so why not try "reasonable" - it looks good on you.
Spend a few months designing a serious alternative instead of slapping some crap together in 4 hours..... OK?  Does that sound reasonable?
You know this opinion is dangerous to everyone's healthcare. Why don't you care about real people. Have you seen the protests?
The difference is that the passage of ACA was meant to HELP, yours is only meant to HURT.
So far: approx 200 RT & ♡; 700 comments (seemingly against). What observation will you glean from "poll"? Please don't perpetuate party line
Healthcare isn't a Republican or Democratic issue. It's a human right. Your tweet makes it seem you are doing this for political points!
How many times????
I'll have what you have Lindsey Graham.
Repeal is reckless.  Fix the system to match our values.
No. Millions of Americans rely on it.  I'm one of them. Let's repeal your health insurance first.
Repeal and Replace Senator Lindsey Graham. Enough is enough.
I do not agree, and I'm disappointed by what appears to be a partisan effort to strip Medicaid. UnChristian.
@politico Wow you really blew Twitter away with retweets.
You know or should know that "healthcare closer to the people" means denial of care to many.
Why?  Why can't you just improve healthcare? It's the ACA! Not Obamacare.
174 rt
Stop the b.s. Graham you and McCain said #Trumpcare was a FRAUD. Then you voted yes .You need to fix #ACA or  #MedicareForAll
Despite a resounding "No" from the American people, you continue to fight to take away their health coverage. Why? Money speaks loudly.
Read your tweets -you ask us to re-tweet . we ask you for Medicare for all!
Disagree
Not going to happen. You had your chance.
I'm not retweeting bc the ACA has helped me. But I would prefer Single Payor, Sen Graham. Medicare for all is the answer.
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC how are you so completely blind to how many disagree with you? everytime you tweet about this u embarrass yourself
Politics Trumps policy
Don't agree... why take away healthcare? Why do we care less about our citizens than EVERY OTHER Country????
Wow! 171 RTs!  Congrats on having ur finger on the pulse!
Hope that GOP ismotivated to replace Obamacare with better.This should be the priority.Haven't seen anything from GOP that meets standard
OBAMACARE is still the best Health Care plan ever offerred  American PP. U have betrayed us by trying to pass junk care to Am. pp for Trump.
8 years to put together a plan and all we've had so far is havoc, chaos and confusion.
So we wind up with NO CARE. 
Obama (now Trump) Health Plan to ELIMINATE Hcare! 
Walmart to "take-over" HCare in US
Concentrate more on good care and less on "Repealing Obamacare".  Not very credible.
@politico Lindsey, you are not helping to fix healthcare. You are just trying to pass the buck.  Get on our side or resign.
Americans want bipartisan work to fix the issues! Stop with the same garbage R's spewed for the 7 yrs
Quit taking away our healthcare!!! What part of that don't you understand?????
Why why why. People before party. Grow a heart sir.
...OR we could FIX what is wrong with ACA so ALL of America benefits and not just one party!
One trick pony GOP? Move on to ah maybe terrorists!? Leave the HealthCare issue for younger minds.
Um no
Give it a rest, Linds.
Seeing the RTs, not too many agree! Healthcare shud not be about what D's & R's do to each other, sadly u r making it that. #MedicareForAll
No Lindsey. You're wrong. Many parts of ACA WORK and save lives. Fix the parts that need it. Dont throw baby out with bathwater so to speak.
Patheticoil salesman pitch.Get nose out #Trump's ass! Trying 2give him legislative win
ACA needs tweaking,Just FIX IT!

RT if YOU agree
168 retweets in 10 hours.  I hope you got the message that not many people agree?
Well talk to your friend John McCain. He votes against everything Repbulicans suggest. He is a closet Democrat.
Proof again that YOU don't "give a damn" about the wellbeing of your constituents. oh, forgot, you view insurance companies as constituents
We will stop this odious attempt to fulfill your vapid campaign promise.
Americans don't want repeal..we want ACA fixed!!! READ THE POLLS & NEWS!!
@politico Lindsey ur are full of it. Kissing up to the Donald!
No.
This tweet does nothing to explain how your legislation helps all Americans. It just reinforces party > country.
Fix the ACA or go single-payer.  We've had enough needless death and despair in this country. Everyone should have access to health care.
Why do you hate hard working poor people?
your not repealing obamacare your redoing it.We have no trust in you any more you have proven to be a closet democrat like McCain.No more
Nope. You are my senator but you are not representing me.
Which benefits healthcare corporations more? Repeal or replace?
Stop trying to screw over Americans' health care, you fraud, and get serious about impeaching Cheetolini!  Get real, you partisan hack!!

Killing veterans, the poor, the disabled, and the elderly to get more money in the pockets of the rich is an abomination.
Why are you so determined to hurt your fellow Americans? What is wrong with you?
Wow, 158 RTs. Such overwhelming support.
Tweet lindsey to let him know if his plan is so good Congress should have it- the plan stinks
No no no
make it better. your only alternative is universal health care.  anything else is death for many.  but you don't care.
How sad that your so-called "legislation" would pass only by lacing pork with bribes! #StopGrahamCassidy
Not many RTs, Senator.
This OBVIOUSLY is NOT what your constituents want! Aren't you supposed to care about that, at least a little bit!? Stop it, Senator, please!
Not a lot of RTs. you requested as a sign of agreement. maybe people in general don't really agree!?!? Take the hint & fix don't replace

Come up with a better plan, for all Americans, then I'm fine with it. Tax cuts for the rich/ dropping millions from HC are non starters. 
Hell no! No retweet here! Majority want you to improve Obamacare!
What good is repealing it if you have no plan to help all Americans have healthcare?  Stop yelling repeal if you can't make it better!
What on earth is wrong with you?
Shouldn't Republicans be determined to make sure all Americans have access to affordable healthcare, just as Democrats were determined too.
So do it. Stop the 60 vote rule and go with the simple majority. Just don't let McCain fuck over America again
Lindsey we want the ACA fixed. So no RT. ACA was a good Republican idea. Fix it.
Sen. Graham, you do not have very many retweets of your original tweet...we want the ACA to stay and be improved...don't you get it yet?!?
Why do you need to take insurance coverage away from millions. Who is paying your salary, insurance companies or the people?
This hasn't received many RTs Senator Graham. The people are speaking and you're not listening.
Don't repeal..... tweak and reform! You repeal? Too many will have nothing!
Dear Lindsey - did you notice the lack of RTs?  The American people do NOT want a repeal.  #FixACA
Way more comments then retweets. I wonder....
Nope
Senator, you need to put people before party and work in a bipartisan way to improve. Democrats have proven they want to do that.
I know that's what you've claimed for 7 years, but be honest you can't do take backs. Move forward to improve.
Say Linds

When is your time up again?

Just asking...for a friend.
Where is the replacement that will allegedly work better?  Are you just gonna wait and let trump keep signing EO's destroying it?
How about working to improve Obamacare and stop the negative Rhetoric. It's really tiresome
No
Don't pass something hurtful to most Americans just so you can say you passed something.
It won't happen because Democrats care about people and won't let it happen?

Nope.
What about all the jobs that will be lost Oh that right only your donors ,your party and your self matter
Don't agree. THe Affordable Care Act is popular and Americans do not want it repealed.
The difference is that democrats actually wanted to help ALL people, while republicans want to help rich people.
Support?  Neither you nor your staff read these comments, right Senator?  Medicare for all.

No "replace", just "repeal"?  Thanks the honesty of owning up of what you always intended - take away healthcare for Americans.
Not with your bill! @SenCoryGardner @SenBennetCO vote no and protect our Medicaid!
Medicare for ALL. why would a country not want their citizens healthy and working to bring in the taxes?  Learn from NO, DE, SE, FR, CA, etc
Sorry Lindsey you obviously do not get it and never will. Those too privileged never do
Um...no.  You really are ensuring a Democratic takeover of Congress in 2018, aren't you?
Nope. Disagree. I need you to fix it, not steal it. Sincerely, a mom from Hanahan.
Republicans must be as determined to provide quality, affordable healthcare to every American, as democrats were. Bipartisan fix.
Have a replacement first @dukespcr
