Could you be less of the establishment and more like a liberty lover
Golfing w/ .@realDonaldTrump today. How many days at what cost has .@POTUS played? Which swamp are we trying to drain with these wasted $'s?
If you're there to convince that failure to resign I'm all for it, but if not you both have an office & should bloody well use them. #morons
Thanks for wasting millions of taxpayer dollars to try to push that atrocity of a bill.  Glad you are playing golf with Mr. Unstable.
I think you should bury that POS of an idea

Today 71th time DJT has visited a golf course while in office. Today he is playing golf w/ @LindseyGrahamSC on US tax $$! Sad!  #AssKisser
That was a screw you to the American people! Republicans will never hold office again after that
Why are u still trying to take Health Care from millions? And why are you kissing up to POTUS? Another hypocrite.  What is wrong w you?
Moron golfer
How kind of you to participate in this memorial service.
How many deaths does this repeal effort need before they move on to the acceptance phase of death?
Seems the senator and most of the @GOP would rather see Americans die rather than this abhorrent bill.
#GrahamCassidyBill would be a good start.  If RINO Lindsey would stop pushing for a Big Fat Amnesty Bill, we'd be less disgusted with him.
Graham won't stop until he gets his revenge repeal on "Obamacare", specifically Barack Obama.
Repealing #ACA not about Revenge. Can't afford it.  #Medicaid Expansion made worse.  Hard to even pay cash for Drs when saving up for a Tax.
Where have you been the last eight years ? Not paying attention, certainly.
Been Right here, disabled & Mentally Ill.  Broke a Leg. Meds make bones Brittle. Prior Worked in #Insurance & #Financial Services Industry.
What a horrible bill I pray the American ppl fully understand what you are wanting to TAKE AWAY from them
yeah about that #GrahamCassidy bill......
Two #maga'ts waving sticks & plundering healthcare to make themselves richer. 
Pretty much spot on for #ColumbusDay.
POTUS officially spending Columbus Day golfing with Senator Graham per WH spox via pooler @finnygo. Unusual for WH to confirm POTUS golfing https://twitter.com/NoahGrayCNN/status/917418765897424896 …
While you play Trump with Golf...at one of his courses...just remember who funded that golf course. Russia. 
Don't give him your Phone #.
It sucks. Go to sleep. We'll take care of it.
you can speak till your blue in the face, it's still a bad bill, going nowhere. give it up work w/DEMS, STOP PANDERING TO POTUS
Make sure mike and Karen chip in. Maybe they should all join price..
This turd is playing golf with the Golfer and Chief#Americans are hurting and Golf is all the Russian bought GOP do
haha
no thanks
Hey Senator, how's your golf game with the f*cking moron in the White House going?
Hope you got two scoops.
Hey, how was golf?

Dont let Trump crush your Career  with this crazy shit.. Do your job. be our vioce. stand up to the bozo
Maybe u should speak re: "Trump may be setting the US on the path to World War III."Corker suggests Trump may not even know what he is doing
"I know for a fact that every single day at the White House, it's a situation of trying to contain him." Corker #donniedaycare #NOTNORMAL

If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
wait, you're still stuck on that? give it up. resign.
Tell Donald he owes taxpayers 250 grand.
Your out of pocket. Stick to foreign topics! PLEASE STAY OUT OF HEALTHCARE!! PLEASE!!    Its not you n your bosses topic of expertise.
Why don’t you give up trying to hurt the American people? Grow a set and do the right thing. Get that freak out before he destroys us all
How’s golf with Trump today? Anyway you can get him to lay off the impulsive tweeting? Do you think it’s wise for him to goad NK?
As former Gov. Sununu just said, and Trump hinted, the next bill is a continuation of yours.
Disgraceful. Now do your damn job and pay the CSRs. That is real world.
So happy to say I NEVER voted for you and I NEVER will! #Murderer
when Trump starts WW3 blood is on your hands for allowing Trump to exist
@SenateGOP complicit treason domestic terrorism lying corrupt racist dark $$ NRA putin puppets- #nullify2016 #GunControlNow #NOBenczkowski
Grahams career is over he chose money over American Lives
This coming from a guy who has excellent medical coverage! Resign Lindsey!!
We do not want to cover any more illegals in health care! Can I be treated in Mexico for FREE? Heck no! They would jail me too I paid.
Work on passing Tax Reform for the American people. Stop putting illegals first in the Dream Act. Who is paying your salary?
Stop with putting illegals first with the DREAM ACT- Americans aren't buying your open borders scheme. We can't afford to feed our own!
GrahamCassidy doesn't cover pre-existing conditions. Babies will die.
If you care about life, you will help to get rid of trump before he starts a nuclear war with North Korea.
Republicans need to get rid of trump before he starts a war with North Korea. You are enabling him.
Leave it alone already
Just say no to #grahamcassidy
Russia is getting the #GOP candidates elected for a reason...they will destroy our country. Trump is just the head moron..
#Resist the evil

You want to take away healthcare from millions, and rescind a woman's right to make her own decisions. #TypicalGOP #GrahamCassidy #SmallMan
You are selfish man who puts politics over people. Government has a place in health care, as do PROVIDERS & INSURERS.  Get to work!
We don't care if poor people die.....just protect fetuses!!

Trump "began fulminating about federal laws that prohibit American businesses from bribing officials overseas." 

https://medium.com/@RVAwonk/birth-control-saved-my-life-d4f85e784ad7 …

Trump complained to Tillerson about law barring US companies from bribing foreign officials: report http://hill.cm/ypyHdWp  
This is NOT good for #SCians.
It’s not about healthcare. It’s about showing his lobbyist/donors that he’s working to line their pockets.
Lindsey, I have a love-hate relationship with you. Make sure you do right by the least of these. And I expect you to know what that means.
Abort it.
Kill this awful assault on American health once and for all!!! #voteNO
It’s DRAD open ur EYES

Great!  Waste some more time on this; sounds like a fine idea.  How about  Puerto Rico Aid or halting the attack on women's health needs?
Give up trying to pass this crap. Life is tough enough without you forever trying to destroy healthcare. Americans deserve the ACA fixed.
Please explain why it is acceptable that Mnuchin has spent over 800k on travel so far, especially given he is in charge of the treasury.
Oh My Gosh, let it die already! No one wants it!
Give it a rest Senator.  I know you can walk and stir a mint julep at the same time but there is zilch momentum for this right now.
Senator Graham, work with the PRESIDENT and not against him.  He needs your support.  I support the GrahamCassidy health care bill.
you still trying to sell that #turdsandwich?
Stop come up with something that helps everyone
Go away now
Geez. The wasted time.
We voted repeal. It some compromise you RINO
OMG.. Just stop!  Get the POTUS in line first!  He is creating chaos in our Country!
Stand with John on improving American Healthcare through deliberate cooperation. Healthcare can bankrupt hard working Americans doing right.
Isn’t it dead? God Lord please tell me it is dead!
You’re a gross person. Stop trying to control reproductive rights, women, health care. #goawaygrahamSC
You have no regard for THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
makes me sick
Sir, I would like to know when you will be pushing for an investigation into misuse of email by @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner & @DonaldJTrumpJr
Peter Killary first
Already investigated. Several times. Nothing found. Now whole Trump White House has private servers for government use. Must investigate.
Why will America go bankrupt providing SS, Medicaid & Medicare w/no change? Scandinavian countries provide all that (& more)  & are thriving

Typical GOP hypocrites. Tell the religious right anything, engage in extramarital sex & push women into abortions https://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/rep-tim-murphy-resigns-from-congress-after-allegedly-asking-woman-to-have-abortion/2017/10/05/7a68a414-aa08-11e7-850e-2bdd1236be5d_story.htmlhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/rep-tim-murphy-resigns-from-congress-after-allegedly-asking-woman-to-have-abortion/2017/10/05/7a68a414-aa08-11e7-850e-2bdd1236be5d_story.html …
I think you would be a much happier person if you just admitted you're gay. We might love you more for it. 
You don't know what you are doing. Give it a rest. The majority of the country doesn't want your plan or any other by the GOP.
support 669 support bumpstock and assault bans.  stop Trump using tax money on his lawyers and from using Airforce one for pleasure
You've got to be kidding me.
What they said ! I agree!
Just enact Medicare for All and get this nightmare of politicking finished.
blood on your hands
Maby if you fet cancer you will understand the need for pre-existing conditions protections 
I'LL KEEP MY FINGERS CROSSED 

#Resist
Please stop
https://twitter.com/NBCNews/status/916154586242658305 … NFL @gop #LasVegasShooting #LasVegasShooter  #LasVegasShootings #las
You will never wash the blood off your hands RT
The massacre in Las Vegas was the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. 

The victims and their stories: http://nbcnews.to/2xkWfyE  
Watch what exactly? Your politically driven repeal of Obamacare used to be funny, but not anymore, perhaps when you have something better?
Transfer of wealth to 1%
Educate yourself on bump fire stocks.  You are making gun toting South Carolina natives look like dumbasses. Be real, not political.

Retweet! AWAN PAKASTANI SPY RING IN CONGRESS IN COURT TOMORROW FRIDAY 10/6/17!!!
https://twitter.com/GeorgWebb/status/916080780782329858 …
Red are the roses
Green is the grass
Your healthcare bill failed
And you're a pain in the ass!
Are you kidding?  Give it up man. We don’t want it!
To bad about all those wounded in Las Vegas who now have pre-existing conditions
Did you also speak in support of the Medicaid and Medicare cuts that are part of the so-called tax reform/tax cut for the rich?
The same day you are pushing a pro-life agenda.  If you are to be taken seriously, then life should be considered sacred from conception
to death.  Unwed/poor mothers need pre and postnatal care.  Children need healthcare, social services.  You are a #Hypocrite !
If you're worried about the state of American health, maybe you should do something to prevent so many from being shot.
Y'all had a million off ramps w/ this dt bs. Y'all knew what this crew is. Y'all let it happen. And we will not forget it.
Have you worked with all concerned to fix your Bill? Reach out for help!
And now they are after the tiny sliver left of the GOP that's not completely extreme wingnuts.
And this isn't news. We knew what Bannon & co were in '16. GOP knew. Y'all let this in the WH. Y'all let a "man" allied w/ this in the WH.
Go read Breitbart. Read the comments too. Read the Bannon emails in the Buzzfeed article.These people are literally Nazi saluting each other
Still not sure why these groups think (know) they have a friend in the WH? IN THE GOP?

Old Lindsey still working hard to kill millions of Americans.
Give it up!  Your bill just stinks. Time to repair the health bill we have before you and the GOP destabilize the entire health care system!
FFS do something worth while!
NO
Wake up and smell the death that this will bring if enacted. STOP this!!!
FFS give it up already
I briefly believed that you were a reasonable Republican. But now you are marching in lockstep with other right-wing extremists.
How many gofundme sites will be needed because of the tragedy in Las Vegas? Totally unnecessary if the @gop cared about people.
You should be ashamed. YOU don’t even believe in your bill. What happened to your integrity? I used to respect you...
Illegal Immigration Costs U.S. Taxpayers a Stunning $134.9 Billion a Year
Oh for gods sake - stop it
thought that was dead
My God. You must really feel like a loser today. #Winning

Reports of the death of #GrahamCassidy are vastly exaggerated? Or is @SenateGOP trying a  Lazarus on it? You're not Jesus y'know; just sayin
You work for us, you need to stop with this horrible health plan you invented which kills people with pre-existing conditions!
Shut up unless we all get Medicare or we all get your federal health insurance that we pay.
You're kidding right?
I thought you were smart till you came up with Graham - Cassidy.
Corrupt!
Just so we are all clear.When Lindsey retweets something from CBN it is from the sanctimonious, narrow minded Christian Broadcasting Network
Step the hell down @LindseyGrahamSC u r the enemy the people of USA. Your healthcare bill and anti abortion platform is hypocritical
Nice try on trying to http://sneak.one  past us while we are distracted by the massacre. Obviously, you have no moral compass. #Resign
PLEASE LET SENATOR GRAHAM KNOW, THAT AMERICA NEEDS A "NATIONAL HEALTH CARE" LOW COST, PROTECT OUR NATION FROM DISEASE OUTBREAK!
Give it up we don't want this shitty insurance. Give it to yourself and all the republicans in the white house.
Seriously? Give it up
Give it a rest.  Seriously
All youdo nothing Rep.should be replaced !!!Had 7 yrs for new plan to replace O-care, & you did ZIP!!!9 months and did ZIP !!! OUT !!!!!!!!!
Get off your DACA crap. Get rid of them NOW.
You know NOTHING about healthcare STOP!!
Why? Playing the fiddle while Rome burns.
Give up. What this country needs is #Medicare4All #MedicareForAll
Dude, that horse is dead!  Stop trying to take health care away!
Please don't
JUST STOP ALREADY
I think you mean #GrahamCassidy health care destruction right?  No worries, it is an easy mistake to make. #savetheaca #healthcare
.@SenToomey @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @PressSec @SpeakerRyan
.@FBI
Keep wasting time - people have stopped believing that you'll work on anything worthwhile anyway. #GrahamCassidySucks
My god man, give it up.
Senator Graham. Good grief, someone slip some Kool aid into your martini? #Jeebus
You are just as pathetic as Cassidy. Trying to help Repubs kill poor, older Americans.
Time to go away. Just stop sabotaging health care so agencies close and prices rise. Shame on your unAmerican efforts. Fix ACA dont hurt us.
Please sir stop. Why persist in the madness of making healthcare worse for Americans. Have you an ounce of shame?
When will you Republicans start working for the people, or do you consider that socialism?
Let it go for Christ’s sake!
WORST. SENATOR. EVER.
A GoFundMe account is set up to take care of people's medical bills in LV-that piece of toilet paper you call a bill would make it worse
Lovely to see you wasting even more taxpayer time and money over this travesty of a bill in the face of multiple crises in the nation. 
Is this nightmare back.  
You’re kidding. Right?

Will u go away already stop causing unnecessary anxiety to people with chronic illness
Do you have any competent staff member who actually keeps up with the barrage of negative press this brings you??
This shows a heartless side of you that is disappointing. Thanks for reinforcing the idea that Republicans lack compassion.
Matthew 10:8-9

Please read that at your leisure.  Then tell the good Christian people of SC if you're representing them.

How bout those PRIVATE SERVERS...need some paper towels
Give it up!  How in the world do you justify killing people?
