Your health care bill doesn't solve problems just creates more.
Where was the plan 3 years ago and ready before trump got elected
"Well, Martha, we've come together and decided that poor people just don't deserve healthcare. That's really the focus of the law."
Why not go on MSNBC so everyone can hear you
Stop with doing nothing but shifting responsibility to the states. How is that REPEAL. Did you happen to follow the election?  NO ACA
Give it a rest. ACA is here to stay. Repair our healthcare law.
NO it's not!  This crappy entitlement legislation did nothing but ruin the health care.
Lindsey, Fox News really? What skeletons are you hiding?
! Treasury Secretary Mnuchin requested government jet for European honeymoon - ABC News -  via @ABC http://abcn.ws/2joPp4O 
Whenever he's intro-ing a really terrible thing, he goes on Fox News. Knows he won't have to put up any real defense.
This bill is a travesty.
That's about all you do is talk, talk, talk .....We aren't paying for you to talk. Support our POTUS
Clean Repeal of nightmare Obamacare Now-Americans are tired of your excuses. Health Insurance is a product NOT a right.
Waste of time, ideologically driven, rather than a genuine concern for decent health coverage for all Americans.
The VP and POTUS firmly behind you to help lead the fight means the rest of the leadership surely follows. #GCHJ

Instead of funding ILLEGALS & IMMIGRANTS, properly fund OUR MILITARY so service members aren't being KILLED or INJURED during TRAINING!
A fake effort, you hate Trump and killed the first and best effort to repeal Obama care. You are a establishment RINO, I'm not fooled
Mr Graham, please do this on a reputable network. I promise it will be better than ppl who pay Sean Hannity and Tomi Lahren. Come on
GOP healthcare reform...
Bite it, Graham.
Give it up!  And go on a regular news show, not a GOP mouthpiece.
At least attempt selling your  somewhere other than Fox State Media. Afraid to talk to Tapper or Maddow about this garbage?
We the people want #FullRepeal
FAKE news and Fake lies about healthcare for all Americans. Enjoy!
Change the record Lindsey. Nobody but your owners want this bullshit.
You have BMW in your State. Ask them about health care and learn. That is why they have a factory in your State and not vice versa

Reform?? You should call it the F You Bill
No! Horrid!
JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
Most people aren't looking forward to you ruining their healthcare!
No one cares about your proposal.  Stop already.  U have missed the bus.
Glad to see the GOP hasn't abandoned their promise to repeal and replace. Leaving Obamacare in place is disastrous. #like Ur dr keep Ur dr.
terrible bill, ends insurance for millions
Are you also looking forward to an America without adequate health care?
I'm looking forward to Americans taking personal responsibility for their health insurance. Stop confusing health CARE with INSURANCE.
Not normal order!!!  Another rush job?  Partisan Hack!!!  Plan still sucks.
If you walk away, we will never get over this. Senator Graham, let's get it passed.
Ahahahahahahahahah!!!!!!
Your plan is dangerous and you need to admit that
Had u pushed more strongly with ur friend McCain, u might have convinced him this amendment should go to Conference in House... but now. 
I'm looking forward to hearing the comparison between the bill you are presenting and Bernie Sanders bill. Address that this evening 

#keepACA #ACA


#no_to_GCHJ


Faux news again. The only news outlet that will kiss your ass



Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Johnson is such a piece of garbage it must be designed to fail.
Sounds like a good time to go take a sh*t.
It's a failure just like the GOP is! Governors don't even like..yea Republican ones..
I'm looking forward to the day you realize you are irrelevant and quit pestering us with your presence.
Represent the will of the American people and support ACA!
Said the irresponsible liberal who wants everyone else footing the bill.
Nope. Why jump immediately to name calling ? Americans already footing the bill for crap health care so let's work towards something better.
Sorry but I'm very angry on this topic. ACA ruined things for many Americans. Have friends who no longer could have insurance. free market
Here are some notes for you on cuts to states ... a snip:
Oh better get $ into the pockets of the big pharm. We don't need affordable health care. Or any for that matter. If we want it we could move


Fox? When are you going to impeach Trump? Do the right thing. Look into Bob Goodlatte, too. He's complicit.

What the fuck is this shit?
