Because you wouldn't approve it when Obama was President. Hypocrite. Weak and useless GOP.
Graham Sick or Bad Dude -very sad not good for SC or US needs to go
@LindseyGrahamSC @MeetThePress the strikes in Syria is a waste and does nothing to solve the problems. #impeachtrumpster
A new sheriff and I want to get OUTof that town Im disgusted and disheartened that we're at this junction What's wrong with this WH #Fake45
no no don't leave stay and demand a recall of the new sheriff
#Shameful Congress Approval Rating is Lower then #45(*) at 27% It's Clear The HOUSE NEEDS #MIDTERMCLEANSING #GETRIDOFHYPOCRITES
time to #cleanhouse it's dirty lot of bullshit to pick up after for sure
Assad didn't tell Trump FU. Assad told Trump he didn't do shite. 90 million dollar fireworks show that accomplished nothing.
A new sheriff that broke the law by not getting Congressional authorization before calling airstrike.
he might be a treasonous trader too potentially but oh well he did so great bombing an air base still operational on top of it all too
his mouth so tight round trumps rear end he tastes every fart
His numbers will rise domestically and the man-child Donald will learn: violence is good. It will be the only popular thing he's done so far
Yes exactly he'll get it in his head if things go to shit bomb something and al will be good - Watch go back to investigating more bombs
That "sheriff"  acted w/out Congressional authorization b/c of his SAD! approval rating.

We both know he has no plan going forward, Senator
trump "SICK GUY"
So you stood against Obama taking military action against Syria but you support the Traitor-in-Chief? What a hypocrite!
He's an infant who now controls nuclear weapons and the greatest military in human history. But yeah, by all means call him a sheriff.
Up for re-election 2020. SC residents, Nov 2019 - don't forget. Vote him out.
that's for sure they need patriots in DC not partisan loyalist at all cost
It's not necessary to always discredit Obama every time you make a statement?  Obama went to Congress about this and was denied.  What is
your motive because you sound like Trump.  Your statements would have greater impact if you focused on the PRESENT and the FUTURE.  Trump
is the president now....talk about HIM actually formulating a coherent policy and staffing the State Dept.  When you slam President Obama
in EVERY single statement, it is petty and childlike.  Thank you from Beaufort Co.
right
Are u sure the new sheriff will stay focused listen 2 Generals, not Fox News? the short attention span he has once distracted-Golf Anyone?!
Wag the dog, baby. One ineffectual missile strike and nobody is talking about Russian election interference,
Grammy U have to ask yourself some telling questions here Trump ever care bout the over 1000 gased years back- he said not to go into Syria
It is sickening to listen to McCain and Graham toady after trump.The way they spoke of him during the campaign and the way they speak nowSAD
Oh LOOK he's so Presidential because he read a Teleprompter and release Bombs at a bandit Air Base..RIGHT? Unqualified.
yes what I wanted to say only like in less words
So the new sheriff doesn't need to consult Congress? I guess he can just read your minds that you support this useless charade.
I liked the old sheriff
That sheriff @realDonaldTrump can't shoot straight (Syria still flying planes hours after USA missile strikes). Also, this sheriff =a crook.
we share sub consciousness I had that exact same dream WOW!!!
Sometimes I agree with Lindsey Graham and then sometimes he opens his mouth and ughhh
I have to agree with that in this case though he needs some TOUGH LOVE partisan nonsense has to stop it is destroying this country
@LindseygrahamSC YOU blocked Obama when he obeyed law and asked Congress. YOU blocked him in all. Tell the truth! Be a real patriot.
Lindsey Graham is the farthest thing from being a Patriot. This is a war whore. He doesn't give a fuck about Americans. He just pretends too
Yes, like @SenateMajLdr We have a totally money-driven party masquerading as the once highly respectable GOP.
sheriff in town - must head up the Keytone cops LOL wake up trumps doing this to take your eye of rusia investigations #Doyourjob
Graham, Congress would not give Obama authority to do anything in Syria.Did U forget ur NO?trump can take authority from congress?wimp
There's a new ignoramus in town. You "macho" Republicans have a little boy's image of what a "man" is. "New Sheriff"-pitiful
New Sheriff in town my ass. Trump's only military experience is playing with a GI Joe action figure in the bathtub.
Nothing new about Republican Hawks. Old news.
Put the stupid bozo in jail for illegal use of the US Military.
Nope! A new wanted criminal in town that strike Syria.
This guy better be careful and make the right decision
Obama isn't president. Stop using him as a buzzword to approve of everything Trump does.
too bad he is in town for one day
Sen FlipFlopGraham or Sen ITalkToughButFullOfHotAir actually compared #CrookedDonnie 2 Regan. Poor Regan just rolled over in his grave! #Sad
That new "sherriff" can't wait to shoot off all his new guns.  Like a 12 year old with a new BB gun.
Can only imagine the Rep outrage if Obama had acted without congressional approval & told Putin first. No integrity whatsoever. Disgusting.
So much hypocritical BS. Congress obstructed Obama, DT opposed action in Syria, now a weak action to deflect from Russia & he's a hero??
Your new sheriff is insane, and so are you if you think the Syrian PR stunt was anything but a distraction!
Too bad the "Sheriff" didn't kill the bad guys. He had to warn them 1st so they could flee and fly again the next day. They will continue.
Everyone seems to praise Trump for his action and claim Obama was weak on Syria! You know what your party did! STOP BLAMING OBAMA!
I have to wonder if Trump had asked permission on Syria if it would have been granted. Or is it just because Obama asked and was denied?
Oh really
Obama asked your permission and you denied him! You're such a liar.
Main difference is new sheriff is so very mentally unstable.  Can not recognize mentally impaired when you see it? STOP TRUMP INSANITY
Lindsey, it begs the question, why are you a neo-con, you and mccain are desperate for war.
With all due respect the the late, great Don Knotts, our new "sheriff" is Barney Fife.
This jingoistic pandering to the guns & ammo crowd is disgusting. @LindseyGrahamSC laughs & grins while pushing regime change in Syria.
Yes, an incompetent sheriff.
Umm reminder to the ignorant southern senator obama asked for approval and of Course the GOP denied request graham thinks we all dumb lol
A new, unbalanced, sheriff whose pronouncements likely emboldened Assad. One half-assed response does not cancel #Trumprussia concerns #stop
Graham will not be on the right side of this; 45*'s #wagthedog
You really think this was done out of caring for the children? What trait of Trump's shows he has ever done anything for anyone but Trump?
"There's a new sheriff in town." What, are we in a movie now?
Obama made 2000+ drone attacks on Syria in 2016. Trump fires 59 missiles and he's now Syria's new savior.
Graham stands for nothing. Warmonger.
Your nothing but a hypocrite and two-faced!
YOU ARE A TWISTED PERSON. DEAF TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS. Party over country politician LIAR. HYPOCRITE. RACIST. #TheResistance  #ImpeachTrump
Yeah it's the wrong Sheriff. We now have an idiot Sheriff. God help us.
Barney Fife
Trump can't Hit the side of a damn Barn
Hm. You handcuffed previous "Sheriff" for following the law & asking for approval from Congress. New "Sheriff" breaks the law & is lauded. 
GOP partisan scabs no loyalty to country first SHAME on Graham for failing to see this for what it is the US public does
Incompetent "sheriff". Obama sought congressional approval and was denied. Bigly distraction attempts. #Constitution #resist #impeach45
Bullshit. This was a publicity stunt.
Bullshit. tRump owns stock in the cmpy that manufactures tomahawk missiles used to attack Syria. tRump profits at the expense of US AGAIN.

We know tRump is conspiring w/Russia to create a situation in Syria that will result in removing sanctions Russia. #WeSeeThroughYou
Obama was weak, the world was laughing at us. How is that good. America needs to make a statement
"There's a new traitor in town" and it appears that Graham and all of the @GOP fully support him. Interesting.
.A sheriffs' prime responsibility is to defend and administer the LAW of the land. 
Swagger is not responsibility.
.Article I, Section 8, Clause 11,  U.S. Constitution
Trump didn't have the right, period.
https://twitter.com/Iddybud/status/850701544764956672 … https://twitter.com/Iddybud/status/850702427921813504 …
...and KG is Barney Fife.
You said NO in 2013 when Obama asked for Military Action. Were not stupid.
You were EXCELLENT today!  This from a non fan.
Wow you said FU on tv!
tell us again what Bin Laden is up to. Nobody is perfect but let's not make trump out to be a hero vs Obama
Because he's most Certainly NOT. 45 Credibility=Minus 5. BLOTUS. Now, back to 45's FBI Investigation.
Is he like @SheriffClarke because if that's the case...no thank you.
Translation: "Missiles get me hard!"
....I really respect Sen Graham, but he really drank too much Air Force shoot-em-up kool-aid in the reserves.
Per John McCain and I agree a mother in Syria who has lost a child doesn't care if it's from chemical weapons or a barrel bomb. Strategy= 
Obama makes ineffective statements, trump spends 80 mil on ineffective missile strikes and goes golfing. And china makes fun of him.
Yeah, man I hated having a cool, collected, methodical president who built international consensus. So glad we have a hot head with nukes.
Wow. He launched a few middles. This is all for distraction fm nuclear option by Senate. Clinton hit an aspirin factor if I recall.
Just launching a few missiles and only hit one target. Wonder what you would say if that was Obama. You probably cry foul.
Lol!New sheriff?!He didn't do any real damage! AND he warned the Russians! The new sheriff is a traitor and if you support him you are too.
Just more of your bs comments
Graham among biggest hypocrites & needs a reminder of what mos of his R friends said when Obama wanted authority to go into Syria
oh Lindsey. You know 45 is Putin/Assad's puppet. Air strike was for publicity, distract from Russian probe.
Omg did he just say FU? Had to do double take. Refreshing. You go! @LindseyGrahamSC
Graham is conveniently forgetting history. Obama wanted Congressional support got crickets.
A sheriff who doesnt have a strategic plan beyond annoying and antagonizing!  Sad!
One day Graham appears sane and then the next appears as Trump mouthpiece. Graham doesn't get to have it both ways.
Not impressed.
Obama came to Congress after attack in 2013 for approval to strike. Republicans said "No." Now they applaud Trump
McConnell Revises History on Syria - http://FactCheck.org  http://www.factcheck.org/2017/04/mcconnell-revises-history-syria/ …
The hypocrisy here is so thick lol
It was all for show. No follow up with the Russians to get rid of Assad. A diversion from Russian intervention in the election for Trump.
Trump is still a traitor.
Why would you not ok Obama to do the same? Why did trump not ask congress? Why are you putting party over country?
A new sheriff - as in one who takes illegal, unilateral actions without a clear strategy? Or as in one who was not elected by the majority?
Sorry. Trump just a New deputy. Had to call putin first and ask permission..
Yep. There is. And, new sheriff puts me in mind of the ousted Joe Arpaio...
May "new sheriff in town" Trump experience similar fate as the ousted Joe Arpaio
You are very wrong about Trump he did this stoke for himself he is still a traitor
Because he see his approval rating is 35 and we know how this person lovesss ratings. 45 and Crew pockets over Country.
@JoyAnnReid @MalcolmNance @MaxineWaters @maddow @ShaunKingBro @soledadobrien @VanJones68 @nytimes @WhoopiGoldberg @Trevornoah #missedthemark
Why do these fools never admit or talk about their veto of 2013 action? Revisionist history isn't a cute look
LOL from a old white man whose a UUUUUGE Hypocrite! 8yrs of pay w/o any work to be shown for. Something to be proud of huh?
#MidTermElection
But you wouldn't support Obama in a middle attack, correct?
*missle
Yeah and the sheriff is insane and has poisoned the well
Are you foolish enuf to believe a person who lies 90% of the time? This was a show, Russia given heads up but not Congress,no lasting damage
I can see his erection from here.
Sen Graham missed a word - ineffective.  Should be "Trump's INEFFECTIVE missile strikes".
Oh please.....we still question his Russia ties, healthcare plan, cuts to SS. This is not a time to whistle Dixie.
Well the new sheriff is playing with water guns. A lot of wasted missles.
a new russian sherrif. @realDonaldTrump the illegal bombing of syria wont make us forget the #TrumpRussia investigation
You mean Barney Fife?
more like a loose cannon who is going to get us nuked. unconstitutional attacks on other countries makes him a criminal. @realDonaldTrump
Amazing what can happen when Congress suddenly is ok supporting the president doing the exact same thing Obama proposed.
Yep. The hypocrisy is incredible. @LindseyGrahamSC owes an explanation for why it's ok for @realDonaldTrump but wasn't for @BarackObama.
What is long term strategy? Were airstrikes effective? How long will we be in Syria? How much will it cost? Has congress given approval?
That was not a missile strike. That was weak.
wow..you're a hypochrite!
Trillions of dollars, countless lives, & graham has this type of comic undertone to this situation. It's insulting to every person on planet
Practicing "IDIOTology" is unAmerican. If you get high off of bombing without objective, LG should be thrilled at Obama's Syria air campaign
This war & weapons talk must be your viagra. Nobody wants your people's fucking wars. Stop pouring our $ into hands of defense contractors
SO LINDSEY,ODD TRUMP STILL HASN'T said negative word about Putin not even that he's working with Assad, hmmm!
Once again Senator your hypocrisy is blowing me away. Children being blown up or seeking refuge don't bother you, but gassing them does, WOW
59 missiles launched and it didn't weaken Assad a bit Didn't even send a message. He launched from that same field the next day! Trump FAIL!
Just when I think there may be a senator who is really interested in the U.S., when he's just out for  and political gain
Meet the Press is #fakenews and Lindsey Graham is a #fakerepublican
Laughable,next day Assad bombing same village killing more! 1 QUESTIONABLE ORDER DOES NOT A POTUS MAKE!SYRIAN TRAVEL BAN BREAKS TRUMPS/UR?
A new, "Fake" Sheriff who is only interested in optics and ratings. #ImpeachNow
Our previous sheriff got bin Laden. This one got what exactly?
Senator Graham is usually one of the adults in the room. Hope he's not changing
Graham is embarrassing himself. We can see through this Syria strike. #Trumprussia
What a crazy old southern fool graham is... old school please get out of politics fool
@SenJohnMcCain Your words part 2- of an overall strategy that can change the momentum on the battlefield" McCain/Graham joint statement 2013
It is a shame the the new Sheriff can't hit the broadside of a barn with the spit wads he loaded his gun with. If you shoot, aim to kill.
Sure, just like Don Knotts in the Shakiest Gun in the West.
Unfortunately we all have come to expect such frivolous and casual comments from dc pol.  Matters of war & peace deserve deeper leadership.
Unfortunately one that apparently can't shoot straight.
You denied Obama the chance. Shame on you. @LindseyGrahamSC
@SenJohnMcCain Your words part 1-  We cannot in good conscience support isolated military strikes in Syria that are not part
Kind of like when Barney Fife took over from Sheriff Andy.
Why does US have to be the sheriff?
No! What a waste of missiles  and money.  They Syrian army bombed the same place yesterday
Bravo!  So very true.
Hey, "new sheriff " you missed
Congressional hypocrisy at its finest. Imagine we could be in Yemen, NK and horn of Africa in 6 months.
@SenWarren #Pocahontas wants women and children Horrifically Murdered by Chemical Gas. She says #POTUS #Trump should not stop the Killings.
I really wish guys like Graham could control their war erections and contemplate the overall gravity of this
New sheriff in town? No it's more of the same.
This...Mr. Graham is NOT THE WILD Wild West.  What's next ICBM's fired ? 
#resist
Once a warmongering neocon, always a warmongering neocon. 
No respect for Graham.  Talked a good game and no action.  Empty words.
Um, you opposed Obama's military intervention into Syria in 2013.
They have short-term memories & they think we will too.
Well, I guess old Lindsey speaks out of both sides of his mouth. "There's a new hypocrite in town."
How stupid
You are a fool Senator Graham and so transparent...anything for your agenda...@TheDemocrats .@GOP #resist
@chucktodd  you let @sengraham2016 off easy with that interview! Why didn't you discuss 2013 when Obama asked Congress for action?
