disappointing the Women’s March that had large global participation &  great concerns went unnoticed
#HearOurVoice
I am disappointed no similar mention of woman's march. We also matter and are biggest voter demographic.
… Easy & affordable access to birth control & contraception info are the most effective ways to reduce number of abortions.
oh please.
disappointing.Women & their family should have a right to choose.Shout out to women's march largest global march in history
: Did I miss your expression of appreciation for the SC women who marched on the 21st? Claudia in Beaufort
where is your appreciation for those who participated in the @womensmarch Please be a voice for all of us.
It means nothing if they support a Muslim ban and turning away refugees.
any thoughts on the people who took the time to go to the airport? #NoBanNoWall #silenceequalsconsent
how about Muslim lives? do the syrian babies matter?
Just wondering if you made a similar stmt after the @womensmarch. Sen, It's more than just reproductive rights
As a pro-life Republican, I participated in the #WomensMarch to oppose #MuslimBan, #TrumpWall & bigotry of Trump's GOP.
Non-Trump supporting republicans need to stand up. Having Steve Bannon running presidency is unacceptable!
you had a chance, you lost, stop crying.
very unsexy look for you.
Do you know that Steve Bannon has bypassed Senate law and is now ruling by fiat thru Trump!  Just saying...
Yep, marching for life is good, but choice needs to still be an option. Communities need to build their values.
True, and we support always your right to march. Senator did not acknowledge Women's March.
wk w ur church & community it is not the govts place. To dictate this decision.
proStep protesting will do no good
you're such a fraud
Thank you for caring about ALL LIVES. Your commitment to the American people and lack of hypocrisy does not go unnoticed
As one of your constituents, I want you to support Planned Parenthood and the good good work they do country-wide.
Planned Parenthood saves lives.  Early detection of cancer is critical, access to BC and education to prevent STD's.
#refugees are alive Senator.

#History will judge harshly.

Remember @Stl_Manifest 

#HolocaustMemorialDay
If you support a Pro Life agenda, you should be against this EO on Immig!  All lives matter, not just the unborn!
Yet the march for life you're missing at the airports is more important than your March For Birth!
What about this life? Nothing to say? #RefugeesWelcome
70% of women in America do not support religious and government interference in our health care choices.

Meanwhile you kept funding terrorists in Syria who are murdering everybody. @LindseyGrahamSC @lotterypicker
They should march for the lives of refugees, woman and children. They count too and you should be fighting for them.
.@LindseyGrahamSC
phoney rhino
you r my senator. Choice for abortion is btwn a woman & her doctor. Only gov't role is to make it legal, therefore safe.
Don't those who are Pro Choice have the same rights to choice as those who are Pro Life?
Anti-abortion isn't pro-life. Please be pro-full spectrum of life! #ProLifeIsMoreThanThis
will vote "yea" for increased financial support for single moms that choose life right? We are watching you!!!!!
Lindsey, government has no place in what two people decide. You know better!
#MarchForLife is exactly what the refugees are doing for their families. It's #ProLife #nochoice
Against abortion?Provide infants high-quality maternity care and subsidized child-care. Most childcare workers on welfare.
rather than spend 15 billion on a wall that is easily compromised, give high-quality subsidized childcare infants.
Have you ever held a 6 wk infant? Infants deserve high-quality childcare that is subsidized by the govt. Most women work.
Graham says"Women should not have rights,voices or opinions"
thank goodness they are for healthcare, education, and access to birth control too!  Right???
Seriously? Many SC women and supporters marched last week in DC and throughout the state. Crickets.
not the majority of women. Stop deciding on our health care.


you are well informed on intl relations. Still proud of Nikki?
Now, get to work protecting lives of the born: deal with health care for all, climate change, clean air & water, guns, ...
During Bush's reign you could've ended PPhood's vile ways, but you didn't.  You just bypassed it with Bush.
I appreciate Republicans who stand up for human rights and against Trump's agenda. He's crazy. You know it. Please help.
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC, thousands of your constituents marched in @womensmarch. I guess we don't matter as much to you
I appreciate those who take the time to participate in the #MarchforLife2017. Their hard work does not go unnoticed.
Sir, did you say the same for the preceding week's women's march?
roe v wade is the law.  Get over it
how about the women men and children who marched worldwide on j21 in the historic #WomensMarchOnWashington ?
This is what they are fighting for:
Mr. Graham, I wont condemn extreme physical stress related to males. You are not a woman of childbearing age. Quiet please.
You "appreciate" those who take time to participate in @MarchForLife. How sweet.....
if y'all are so pro-life how bout reinstating CHIP?  Or making the ACA stay?
My stepmom nearly died from an illegal abortion in the 60s. Desperate women will always seek them so must keep legal access
And yet, you were completely silent regarding the march the week before.
come on man!  This is another denial of science in an effort to deny rights.  Progress can't be stopped.
I encourage yall to be truly pro-life and not simply pro-birth as the cause is focused on.
The people you're trying to control  need the most help.  Supporting @PPFA is a great way to reduce Abortions.
I do not remember your support of those of us who marched last week.
Thank you, Senator Graham. Thank you for being a shining example of how great your party can be.
Do you appreciate the millions who participated in the Woman's March on January 21?
Dear Sir: Why do you think you have the right to determine when, or even if, a woman shall become a mother?
You have a HUGE LIBERAL following. Much bigger than a conservative following. Do us Cons a favor? Become a liberal! Thanks!
Tell that to Trump. Also like, maybe remind him we're friends with Mexico? I don't want $14 guacamole!
I appreciate your continued support for life Senator Granham, but telling me what  to do is not your call. Safe healthcare!
but the millions that marched last week does.
. Im 65 and we didn't have so many unwanted PG's. I think it's lack Morales because birth control is every where.
Little guy @LindseyGrahamSC doesn't know what he is talking half of the time it's sad in a way . If you ever debated Trump you would lose
please remember 70% of Americans are pro choice.  We must remove need to abortions!
If you were truly pro-life, you would have expanded Medicaid in SC so my aunt didn't have to go to the poorhouse.
and everything will be great after I am forced to live by your religious values.
what about those who marched last weekend?
PLease appreciate that overreach works two ways!
, I hope last week'so March did not go unnoticed as well!
why am I paying for the wall as a taxpayer? #liars
your "hard work" in voting in Tillerson has not gone unnoticed either
don't worry women of America, Canada and the Netherland's have your backs! We gotch you girl!
i am more an more proud to be a Canadian everyday now. I'm sorry American Women, you almost had it.
You know whose hard work DOES go unnoticed..? Spend more time helping the UNdocumented than the WELL-documented.. #resist
oh please - spare us your concern about fetuses but lack of interest in the living esp. if they are NOT white. We get it!
please protect all vulnerable life – unborn, black, refugee, disabled, sick. Why is gop only interested in the first?
Why can't  you support me?
Only pre-natal&healthcare/sex ed/birth control will curb abortions. Take those away= more unwanted & unviable pregnancy
I hope they will also support ACA and good education for the lives that are here. And an EPA to keep them safe.
Pro-birth!
Believing in choice is also a mrch 4 life. Pro-chcrs dn't encourage or love abrtn but undrstd rts over one's bdy must come
I do to. But know pro choice is not pro abortion. I govern my body. I choose. PP provides education, pre-natal care for all
can u appreciate the hardwork of the global women's march? These are issues that need to be looked at too!
so welfare benefits begin at conception, right?
shame u discredit W March. Not all Pro choice includes anortion for birth control. Many other issues centrist/reasonable
don't forget about ones currently walking the earth
thank you Sir, for maintaining the moral high ground.
@marynew Thank you for your strong support of life issues!
what about the hard work of educating and providing health care to children?  When do we focus on that?
Yep, we are seeing them wanting to take women's rights away.
Number of abortions at an alltime low, ACA, planned parenthood factors. If that changes abortions legal or not go up
BTW not into conspiracy, but Donald is blatant about wanting the Exxon oil $$. Tillerson, lifting Crimean sanctions. Really
March of Life is fine, but pulling healthcare from children and their families at the same time is all right?
Did you notice the #WomensMarch that was significantly larger, or any of the rallys this week in DC for #RefugeesWelcome?
pro life - do you support the death penalty, war
be #realprolife support healthcare for all women to reduce unwanted pregnancies in the 1st place.
Healthcare saves lives of all.
Thus the real message of #RealProLife We can value lives in more than one way.
protecting cells and not humans? I call that insanity but you do you! #sellout #IStandWithPP
it's great to be a man!!!
Not to mention the nearly 3,000 in Charleston, thousands in Greenville and Columbia. You serve us all.
please encourage those who are pro-life to put equal time toward finding families for older adoptable foster children.
I see you managed to momentarily escape Trump's hounds.
Pro-life MUST extend beyond the womb. Healthcare and strong public education must be considered.
How about the hard work of the millions of women who marched last weekend? Are their voices not important too?
And that is what he NEEDS to realize. He represents all of us. We marched too. Forget Wrath of Trump, praise us.
Your SC constituents are watching you & will remember you did not tweet your approval during last week's Women's March!
Shut up.
Nice support to a bunch of people looking to take away someone's right.
As did the brave people from the Woman's March. Right Senator?!
Many of us are pro-life...but also pro choice. You have NO idea what an individuals situation may be. Rape..for example?
the women's march didn't go unnoticed the world was watching.... I think they missed this one
<---- well then Linsdey, why are they still taxpayer funded?  @TerryBelveal
Women's rights matter!
We pro-choice'rs appreciate #MarchforLife2017 too. Peaceful demonstration in support of your beliefs is core to our values.
I agree & affirmed. In a time when states are revoking Rts. to protest, we must unite to voice opinions.
you guys and your biblical fairy tales. Get with the evidence-based present you ignoramus.
...but it should.
Mostly UNNOTICED!
You know what else doesn't go unnoticed? You not standing up for America's interests and instead voting yes on Tillerson.
Then support those that have to raise a child that they not ready emotionally/financially prepared. Pro-LIFE, not pro-birth
Yes, but don't take away my right to choose what's best for my family!
Instead of just matching why don't they go adopt some unwanted children who are addicted to drugs before they are born
when will you do anything for those who are actually alive and need help? Pro-life should actually mean it. But it's hollow
Yes. But don't appreciate vile Kellyanne Conway politicizing it. Sure she's there to lock in evang support. (Numbers 11)
Texas has highest maternal death rate in the developed world. Thx for closing the clinics! "Pro-life!" #MarchForLife2017
Too bad u find it necessary to impose ur religious beliefs on us. Mike Pence twists Dec of Independence to your views. SAD!
Facts matter. If you want to decrease abortion rates, give women access to care and safe abortions
"Hard Work"?  Hard work would be taking care of the fetus after it is born.  #FFS come on.
Amen!
Come on out to New Mexico. We'll drink Silver Coin Margaritas, eat green chile and talk about #WomensEquality
Love to do so.
forcing religious choices on all is wrong.  There is a separation of church and state.
Until you Senator Graham voluntarily submit to have your body regulated monthly by government, remain silent.
free speech is great, hope we maintain it.
You're supporting sex education and access to birth control so we can reduce the number of abortions, right?
Not to mention proliferation of STDs, cancers Human Papilloma, and infant mortality. PP educates saving lives.
I certainly hope you also noticed the number of pro-choice participants at Saturday's gathering, Senator
How about the ultimate March for Life...stopping DJT so we don't have nuclear war.  IMPEACH NOW!!!!
Yes!
been loving ur tweets lately, but please appreciate healthcare for those fetuses you want to save also.
Dammit.  I was just starting to like you Linz.
Ditto.
How about healthcare after they are born?  Education?  After school programs? Sex Education?  Birth Control? #GOPNOTPROLIFE
Walk the talk, provide healthcare. Pregnancy is not a condition to ignore, nor are children.
What about Russia? Are you looking into it?
did you say anything about the #womensmarch?
I support the right to rally peacefully for any cause. So should the POTUS and VP because that's what makes America great.
Exactly. I support the right for women (not men) to rally for OR against abortion. Please rally for Healthcare.
Finally fall out of bed from you tequila and corona night? I think u are a good reason for term limits! Do U Support?
will you also appreciate, listen to, and fight for the people from #sc who participated in last weekend's #womensmarch ?
I still think you're awesome even though I'm #prochoice - we can respectfully disagree - #whatamericaisallabout
.@LindseyGrahamSC In truth, their "hard work" is pointless b/c they already have the right to not have an abortion.
boy did you miss the point.
What would you like to bet that the MSM doesn't cover the size of the crowd!
Are you marching?
