https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
BS! what @gop did was vote to leave millions uninsured 2 die! And gave a giant tax cut 2 rich people! We want single payer! Y R U 4 DT?
. As an HR Executive, I can tell u, ur wrong re ACA. Expand Medicaid. If state says no, then they don't get insurance.
Nice. How many ppl will go bankrupt and/or die if you let Ocare collapse? Does that factor into your reasoning?
no, your wrong
it's going to 'collapse' on a bunch of innocent sick&poor folks. #Trumpcare is the #DeathPanel.
Lindsey graham knows trump is going to get rit of Obama care but trump play boyh sides.
It's time the GOP, buckles down & work w/Dems 2 fix ACA. Reverse the bills/actions that damaged ACA. Ask insurers 2 stay! 
So you would have people lose health insurance and die in order to further the Republican agenda?  You don't see anything wrong with that?
Only if your goal is to reduce the population.
Move by Rubio and et al to have unecessary premium rises occur at election time. The baby didn't live because we crushed it's larynx.
So what did trump & cronies promise you?
Really?  Because you jackasses had EIGHT YEARS to come up with something workable and you came up with depriving citizens of healthcare.
For killing Americans. But you don't care, you're a republican.
Pigs may fly.
You are as delusional as your president
You are involved in #TrumpRussia. You are willing to kill innocent Americans
Make no mistake. #TrumpCare is an act of #Terrorism. #TrumpCare is an act of #HybridWar, designed to kill and confound. #TrumpRussia 
Are you high??
Deliberately causing the Affordable Care Act to fail will hurt millions of Americans.  Who do you serve?  Rich people?  Yourself?
Only if you want to take away health care,from as many people as possible.
Thanks to Repuglican interference since its very beginnings and never ever working on improving it. Defunding premium subsidies political...
Fix it. Don't repeal it.
Killing people? Just as your primary focus being the leaks rather  the fact we had a traitor IN THE WHITE HOUSE. Forgot, you go there too.
Perhaps you could phrase it as "If and when there is a collapse..."  Ppl would work to put measures in place to determine its health.
Republicans will do whatever they can to push collapse, just so they can replace O-care with massive tax cut for rich! Despicable; immoral!
Of course you don't care about actual people since you're a republican. JUST FYI
Repair of ACA is ONLY way to help constituents who have preexisting conditions!No @realDonaldTrump over country!Don't let sick peoples die!
Please, answer: If Trumpcare is so great, why did GOP members of Congress exempt themselves and their staff from having to use it?
Ironically both left and right may agree on this one. The only difference is what each expects to follow. No going back. #ACA laid out min.
There are millions of people with an insurance card and that is it thanks to the libs. $10 to 20k per year deductibles which no one can pay
Try writing a bill that doesn't kill people. Rather than repeal - FIX IT!  Stop #GOP Sabotage.
You are in the majority to LEAD and fix it .. not wait till it collapses
@LindseyGrahamSC I'm a Democrat  Senator Graham but admire you for being one of the few I can trust to do what is best for our country...
@LindseyGrahamSC 2/2 but why don't you take the lead and invite your Democrat senators to make Obama care better who cares about the "repeal
If it really is even collapsing you Republicans lie
On the collapsing because you Republicans choose not to fix the problems with the current system
Trumpcare bill is just mean.if you want healthcare that's equitable, single payer now.
If that happens, will we be stuck with socialized medicine? God help us. Look at Sen. Paul's plan. It is OUTSTANDING!!
Republicans fought serious health care overhaul tooth and nail; they continue to pretend we can get away without it.  An economic disaster.
You and @SenatorTimScott read the bill this weekend and hold #townhalls. Remember where you're from.  Many in SC are poor and unhealthy
I cannot believe this!  Ocare is killing my family!  We lost our insurance because of it and cannot afford anything offered.  HELP US NOW!
These GOP swamp creatures are gonna be so upset by what Trump has done to the GOP.  They'll be unelectable for DECADES! WooHOO!
So just learned abt Graham's sleazy move on Susan Rice - trying to get her to testify despite S Whitehouse saying it was a distraction. Smdh
Let's remember that Rs refused to implement cost-saving measures (public option). Consolation?? U losing both houses #GOPantiobamaobsession
Fix ACA You are a disappointment Linds. Have the Rep gone completely off the wall with greed and desire to KILL innocent people because sick
I was *this close* 2 thinking u really are a good man that I just disagree w/ on most issues. Sad 2 see that ur not that good man at all.
You know that's wrong. You don't fix a bridge by blowing it up when people are still on it.
Create a middle ground between medicaid and medicare and charge a monthly premium just like medicare does Medicare has a 3-5% overhead.
Then let it collapse.No need to sabotage
Pls take out the states waiver for ins cos to raise premiums for ppl w pre-existing conditions.
FAILURE - NOT an OPTION! Your job is 2 take CARE of PROTECTING ALL AMERICANS NOT just the RICH! Get on with it! Accessible is NOT Affordable
the collapse of the Congress will be the most effective path forward to restoring America to it's former greatest...drain the swamp...
Сотни миллионов рабов из США работают в КНДР каждый год, а деньги, которые они зарабатывают, мы с Маккейном делим пополам. Ты не в доле?
When are you going to admit we are ar war with Russia and this administration cannot be controlled?  Democracy dies on your watch1
Brilliant, Lin--nothing like suddenly leaving 24 million+ people suddenly without health coverage, that's a great way to start over! WTF! 
just fix ACA, allow us to buy insurance across state lines, that would increase competition and bring premiums down, put cap on deductible
Are you insane?
It's time for single payer. "Free Market" drives prices up, unfair, doesn't work
What is the deal with maternity care? Some don’t think they need it but how the hell did you & they get here? If affects us all at some pt.
U R A DISAPPOINTMENT. WE CANNOT COUNT ON YOU.
"Most effective path for America to get 'good as Australian healthcare' is bumrush all Toad Party (R)s from elected office, start wid ME!"
"I will never work wid any on Drumpf treason, collusion wid Putin's program of WW Fascism, who cares 'bout France & Germany anyway?"
"I wants (D)s to work wid us on bumblast of HC/Medicaid/Medicare/SSI like me & Bitch McCuntall worked w/dem & Obama for past decade."
Subpoena Dubya's Rice counterpart testify 'did her job.' Subpoena Ellis, Cohen-Twatnick (McMaster's 'you're fired!' boy) & Devi while at it.
"I wants treason inquiry to jump down that Ellis/Cohen-Twatnick/Devi 'WE mishandled classified docs to publicly unmask Drumpf' hole agin."
merger, inside-trade for Price boondoggle reality, Midget Thurmond impersonator.
I see South Asian style penetrating into American political culture although S.Asians have become politically much mature
Wrong
Seriously?  Sorry to hear that you want to destroy health care for millions of people.
You voted the fck out will collapse GOP greed!
Why are you trying to discredit the FBI?
Koch brothers over country, I guess.
Disagree ACA.   Expand Medicaid for all states, special funds for rural hospitals,....
NOT!
The hate of Obama by Trumps and his loyal fans have always sort an orgasm from the beheading of Obamacare and 24+millions people suffering!
Tax breaks for the wealthy....makes sense since they clearlyy struggle on the daily while having a docs private number for instant reach..
The replacement screws over millions of people! Not sure that is really effective towards making "America Great...again"
Why am I not surprised?
Not when unreasonable preexisting conditions are dictated! How dare any Republican say rape is a preexisting condition!
It's looking like it may be replaced before it completely collapses.
Most effective path for...tax breaks for the rich?
We have great healthcare—docs, hospitals, science, professionals.  How we pay for it is what SUCKS. It is not to make the rich, richer.
27% of 326m pre-exist cond Americans = 88m.  $8B fund / 5 Yrs = $1.6B.   88m / $1.6B = $18.18 per person each year.
REPLACE AND REPEAL REPUBLICANS SHOULD BE A CHIP SHOT NOW@  THANKYOU DUMB BASTERDS!!!
Why are you in favor of punishing sexual assault victims with higher premiums?
If Obama care collapses it will be blamed on republicans, because instead of trying to better it you are trying to kill it.
I believe you not being re-elected is one of the most effective paths forward.
Easy to say when you have Texas lawyers throwing you a fundraiser.
Or you could do your job and make Obamacare better so it doesn't collapse.  Stop blaming Dems, you have the power.
You're a smart guy; smart enough to know you're not nearly as smart as this guy:  https://twitter.com/Atul_Gawande/status/860464296161140736 … #unconscionable
The #AHCA makes every measure of US health and health care worse by shifting ~$1 trillion from bottom 40% to top 2%. It is unconscionable.
Please tone down the rhetoric. No one w/ a sense of compassion or fiduciary duty can support the bill. As a leader you should say as such.
how many people will it kill?
Thank you for not going along with this horrific plan(please) that would hurt so many Americans especially seniors
Thanks again for your concern for our health and well-being Shame on you. #Remember #2018
Even obama said he'd support a GOP replacement if they found a better way to provide quality care to more people.These bills are HORRIBLE2/2
I think it's going to take GOP suggesting something that doesn't suck to get Dems to cooperate 1/2
...each month.
...for the wealthy who already have big $ & can afford mortgage, food AND hlthcare w/o having to choose whch is important to their family...
So try another story Sen. Graham. We're not buying that one. Stop playing Rs v Ds game and DO YOUR JOB! Write a bill 4 ppl in need not...
Then shame on you for allowing Americans to suffer while you're protected in your congressional office. 

But, God willing, not for long.
I am ashamed of you today. Your callous indifference is appalling and you have lost my vote--and your potential legacy--for good.
And I've heard many Dems offer to work with Rs many times, but Rs work behind closed doors alone. Wouldn't even show bill to R Sen. Paul.
U r wrong. The Dems showed they r willing to stand up 4 We the People & NOT take $ from poor & give to the rich. What r U going to show us?
I'm with @SenSanders.  Let's bring on a single payer system!  Health and wellness equality for all Americans! 
Promising to "help" those with pre-existing conditions = not enough.
Allowing caps on coverage for critical illness = fail.
Health care of 24M vulnerable US citizens including poor and elderly sacrificed for Rose Garden photo op. Replace ACA w/Genocide? #DeathPlan
Americans deserve something better than #Trumpcare
You've had years to work towards fixing the gaps in Obamacare and you all failed.  Replacement isn't needed just work together and fix it!
You disappoint me
you go ahead and vote that in - you won't ever get my vote. I thought you were a smart man
Then you are delusional! ACA was a republican plan to start with. Obama just co-opted it remember? It sucks because you couldn't let him win
because a black man did something good, the old white men have to screw us and reclaim victory. #americasoriginalsin
It's all politics and has nothing to do with the welfare of your continuents. Good luck @GOP getting reelected.
I've never been SADDER to live in SC. WORST SCHOOLS in America & reps who care more about their party than the PEOPLE they represent.
"Obamacare" is just legislation. It's not anywhere close to perfect, but maybe if you fixed it instead of flinging partisan monkey poo...
Indecent option. Matthew 25:44-46.
why did the King of Chief praise universal health care in Australia and he stands with these House GOPS that passed a shameful bill
Forward into what?!
Donald Trump said Australia has better (Univeral) HealthCare than we do. I really, really hope that's what the Senate is working on.
So disappointed....
Why am I not surprised that you would caucus with the Democrats and render a NO vote?
Boy are you deluded!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it is already, thanks to God
U need to get your old ass out of office. We need some new blood in your office. U will not get re-elected to Senate when it comes around
Why is govt in healthcare; free market no entitlement no Obamacare bail out
Trump promised, I’m not going to cut Medicare or Medicaid.The Republican slashes Medicaid by hundreds of billions of dollars @BetteMidler
Trump vowed the GOP policy would offer “lower premiums” for consumers. The Republican plan would actually raise premiums considerably.
Then why did you vote to exempt yourself from it if it's supposedly so good. Hypocritical coward.
If #trumpcare is as good as you say will you guys be included in it? #thehouseoptedout #why
When did the GOP work with Obamacare on anything??
Or you could fix it like adults. But it is named after the BLACK president 
Fix it before it collapses. Why would you play politics with actual lives?
The future seems brighter. Thanks SO much for your service!
The ONLY thing that Republicans hate about the ACA is that the Democrats stole the policy from them and made it happen.
#Obamacare is major step in right direction. Make Single Payer, State to State competition. FIX IT, don't wreck progress.
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed,important to restore healthcare system,today pass healthcare bill,replace & Trumpcare..
Sure will, for the rich people.
GOP needs to decide what their priorities are. After 8 years of blaming Obama for everything they seemed confused
Ocare was not collapsing until the Republicans sabotaged it. We will remember.
Your job is to represent the people and youbare mot doing that. I hate the cruel, cynical Republicans
Problem is the Dems will never admit its failed. Listen to their excuses already
You spend enough time in the gutter and you can't smell the garbage on your breath.  But we can.   And we will remember this.
You'll collapse with it.
Trump, right again.....
Are you announcing your retirement soon? Seems like you just don't care anymore.What is on those pictures he has on you? Remember primaries?
Yes it needs change but not with this bill . Shame on all of you .
The list of the vulnerable is long-- pay attention and do the right thing. I think you want to. Pray on it.
Oh ok so your plan is to actively sabotage the ACA for your own political ends? How noble, how beneficial to your constituents.
please don't erase coverage from you constituents to prove a point. You can be a better man.
you know better. Please vote no on #ahca. My health care depends on it.
please no on #ahca
senator graham please no
Your nuts. Plain and simple.
Don't disappoint your voters by playing games with the NObamacare repeal bill in the Senate.
