The prominently featured @MassGovernor Charlie Baker, Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, strongly disagrees with You.
This photo tied with the caption is an attempt to imply otherwise.  Not cool. @LindseyGrahamSC.
Mass. Governor is a super liberal who yearns for a single payer plan.  Sen Graham is an experienced legislator who cares about all Americans
Apparently a Republican can also be a super liberal now.
And this surprised because...
The governor of Massachusetts is a Republican.
Yes, he is. Not every republican politician has completely lost his mind, values, and ability to lead.
True. I was just trying to point the ridiculousness of how Trump supporters now consider some Republican governors to be super liberals
Sure...This is a vast improvement in decreasing life saving care that kids like mine need to stay Alive!!
Are you smokin' something? What a joke.
Your kidding, Utah only did Medicare expansion in the last few months, and only includes 5000 people.
Nooooooope.
Your bill is vile trash. The GOP just can't let go of the idea of freeing tax cuts from the richest Americans by stripping HC from millions.
Breitbart?!!!
Breitbart? Lol
You nauseate me. Your legislation would cost my daughter her life. That would make you & anyone who votes for it responsible for her death.
It's horrific, like the other ones.  Fix the ACA!
Lindsey - wake up! My GAWD that's a Breitbart article! Is your ego that big?
Absolutely no credibility when you post from a blatant propaganda machine. Too lazy to provide statistics and facts from medical sources. 
For whom? Certainly not the kids and seniors who will have benefits cut or the states left holding the bag after a trillion dollars in cuts
A passable plan that is more affordable for Americans may be the only way to keep your seat. #BoughtAndPaidFor @realDonaldTrump
Better is not a far reach. If this doesn't get changed for the 1st time in my life, 57 years, I have not had insurance. Too expensive.
Utah Governer and Breitbart. Well now those are some healthcare experts. #fakenewsandapapsmear #butyoupayoutofpocket
Breitbart. Wow. Very disappointing.
Not a snowball chance in hill it is better.
please dont share stuff from breitbart. there are people here.  thanks 
Repeal completely OC you RINO. That's what we voted for.
Your plan isn't about healthcare. It's about shifting responsibility & giving states large amounts of uncontrolled $ in block grants.
U ppl up there on ur loft must think we're all a bunch of dimwits down here in the Real America. Stop wiggling out fixing ACA, this is BS!
Medicare for All!
You do realize he is a mormon. Lindsey, are you going to give 10% to the church? Thinking not so much
You read Brietbart, therefore I will treat you accordingly from now on.
Why can't you just quit calling it Obama care and FIX the AFFORDABLE CARE ACT  it wouldn't be that hard to do y'all just hell bent on name
Omg you are tweeting a BREITBART article?  I guess you're not the respectable leader I thought you were.
Good to know a real estate guy thinks it's a solid healthcare bill.
Well if breitbart says it must be true NOT single payer
And the Red Cross is dumping donations in the trash because they don't want to load trucks wtf
Oh well, if the guy from Utah with zero experience in healthcare says it good, then it certainly must be.
Lol
As long as there are no tax breaks given to the insurance companies!
Brietbart? Really? You guys are going far right.
Really?!? Come on now @LindseyGrahamSC . A. Breitbart is not a legitimate source for anything and secondly what is the CBO Score?
You're now tweeting out Breitbart stories? Dude, seriously: STOP. Find a legitimate news outlet to give oxygen to.
As a constituent, I expect to see you do the right thing and cosponsor #MedicareForAll 
It is #bettersimplercheaper 
Everyone in, no one out
Please don't tweet breibart. They have no credibility
Again- #oldwhitemen are going to try to force this on us again? where are the women? Where are people of color? And bretbart? Give it up.
And, why exactly should we give AF?
Quoting braitbart shows me how ignorant you are. Read Canadian news.
UP yours linds!!!Go jump off the Golden Gate!!!Dora
But, Lindsey, babe, Breitbart is democracy poison...oh, wait, right, just like you.
Um... how could it possibly be worse, to be fair
Breitbart??  Really?  Yes that "real" news.  Although from what I can gather from few sources the Graham-Cassidy outline sounds pretty good.
Breitbart, really? So you're alt right?
#fakenews
McCain will sink all of you anyway. Trump will get it done with the dems. America doesn't care who gets it done.
You are now retweeting breitbart? Seriously?
This just in...National Enquirer says Sen. Graham is an awesome Senator!
Umh, somebody praising your bill, and covered by breitbart?  Sure that is a recommendation you want?
Look at the source-Breitbart. You are better than that.
Wow. Sellout.
Holy mackerel. Your bread has been buttered.
Do people get affordable healthcare?
Just when I think you have a lick of common sense you pull this kind of crap.
If you didn't have Obama to talk about you would be speechless. Shame on you. Get busy do the jobs you were hired to do. 7 years - nothing.
Serious.... beitbart?
Did Bannon help write that!
Seriously? A Bretbart article?
Now you are quoting Briebart. Wow. It was a long drop to get here. Sorry to see you capitulate.
RTing Breitbart, really?

#SC: ask @LindseyGrahamSCto support @SenToddYoung's NDAA Amdmnt to block arms sales to Saudi Arabia. #Yemen can't wait.
#ActionDayForYemen
Breitbart? Really ? I don't read anything that fake news organization publishes
Dude.  You're citing Breitbart now?  Please.
Yea I'm sure all you old white guys laughing put together something that represents ALL of us.
Yes less money is always a winner!
Liars. We don't believe you. #GOPGreed You really hate Obama so much, you'd hurt the American people? We know. Shame on you, Lindsey.

You take one step forward and then ten steps back. Quit embarrassing SC.
Breitbart, dude? Are you *trying* to get Twitter to make fun of you?
@LindseyGrahamSC is a member of a racist party. @GOP Supports Nazis.
so does Mercer.
but for MILLIONS of Americans, it stinks.
How about let's ditch Breitbart & emphasize the @WSJ instead. Can we stick with legitimate news sources?
That ain't saying much!
Of course he does.
And we know what an intellectual giant Gary Herbert is.
Geez Lindsey Have you no dignity Sir? At long last? Breitbart,fuck sake. Bill's a disaster, Harvey+Irma+Trumpcare Disaster. Why do u hate us
Breitbart? You're sharing Breitbart? No. Just. No.
Vast? Please.
When u tweet articles from Breitbart u know u have abandoned all sense of integrity and intellectual honesty. Well done.
First, quoting anything from Brietbart says you have no problem with white supremacists. Second, what abt all govs who don't like your plan?
Yes! We must destroy the health cares!! 
Breaking news  - - -  Lindsey Graham quotes breitbart.  Let's join the neonazis openly >:(
The ladies in that photo look so happy, must be some good news for reproductive health funding
http://Breitbaet.com  is the source so there's NO chance this is bullshit #FakeNews
Quoting Breitbart now??? Thought u had more sense than that.
Why would we believe anything a Republican says on Healthcare?  You fuckers want to kill us. Thinning of the Heard. We see you. #Trumpcare
Single payer. We are done with you tricksters trying to get revenue from health care for tax credit targeting the super rich. Impeach trump
?? What decent person would even be talking to Breitbart News?? Senator Graham, I cannot believe you posted this.
Breitbart is fine.
Dear Lindsey: If you repeal Obamacare I'll probably die, and my cancer-ridden ghost will invade your nightmares and then your waking hours
Either he didn't read it or he owes you a favor. What does Cassidy's governor say?
Then.......get it done.
Really? Using Breitbart as a source? I had more respect for you... Sad.
So?
As soon as I see Breitbart is your source the article is immediately passed over. Fake news bro.
You're quoting Breitbart? Seriously?
C'mon Senator!  Breitbart?!!!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC I see we are reading Breitbart these days?
How about admit that Obamacare IS the republican plan, put back what you've taken out to make it fail and take credit? We're good with that
Well that settles it! If he says so it must be true!
Did you actually just tweet out a Breitbart article? OK. I'm officially done taking you seriously again.
Single payer is the answer. Nothing less.
"Prudent policy and prudent politics," is a good description of the GOP plan. Good to see more support.
McCain is your friend. Convince him to stop keeping Obamacare alife because of envy and hatred for Trump.
As U watch your friend,my Senator @SenJohnMcCain get the best care in his fight with cancer, I want U 2 know that WE all deserve this #THINK
Very glad you`re back Sen Graham.  America really needs you at this critical moment.
