everything a president did for 8 years including his nomination to court.
Republican obstructionism has created an atmosphere of animosity. That's Garland's seat and you all know it
A vote has not yet been taken - close examination is totally legitimate & part of our democratic process
And your excuse that "u guys would do the same thing" I wouldn't accept from my sons let alone a senator
Obama, Clinton, Reid, Pelosi, Schumer, Jackon-Lee, Jessie Jackson, Universities, Professors, California.....
Mitch McConnell and a full shutdown of Merrill garland happened. You KNOW that.
Senate refused Garland fair and square. Read the Constitution. It's not written in Chinese
there is nothing in the constitution about refusing to hear a SCOTUS pick. Don't be thick.
Yes there is, the Senate refused to CONSENT. It's very simple.
read all these responses. This is your answer. We're serious. We won't let you given without us. Man up.
Well - let's think - maybe it has something to do with completely ignoring the democratic judicial nominee
It just shows u do know better but decide 2 go along anyway. If a dem prez behaved like this? U'd be apoplectic
Hewitt says "This is important. Trump handing America over 2 Russia means nothing"
I don't know. Maybe blocking a hearing on a qualified judge for a year?? Ring any partisan bells??? Hypocrites
I will tell you what happened. You are part of the party that blocked or tried to block
I don't like playing politics w nominees, Merrick Garland chgd that for me, what R's did was wrong, stolen seat
No need to put him through the process. He wouldn't have beem approved.
every president has a constitutional right to appoint a Justice to the Supreme Court.
No they don't. Only when the Senate CONSENTS. They didn't & it's they're right to refuse consent
how many votes did Merrick Garland get?
honest question: is the overturning today a message by the supreme court that they don't want him?
What happened ?Merrick Garland ,also confirmed unanimously by the senate.Time for a reality check here Hugh?
wat went wrong was the GOP lost its legitimacy and became an obstructionist movement
although I know you Pat yourself on the back for being one of the few to offer some criticism of this circus.
after how prez treated u & McCain and what he's doing now? The book on u should read "profiles in cowardice"
@sharon_leff @LindseyGrahamSC it's what didn't happen: Merrick Garland.
it's the rabble of the left and the right. Bring meritocratic elitism back.
What's happened is years of Repub. using race, disingeuous outrageous lies, full on non-governance we divided.
congress is doing the job it shld always due; vet nominees to protect against extremists
What happened? Seriously? The Senate refused to even consider the last nominee. That's what happened.
Garland getting no hearing would be part of the explanation.
Republican Party politics! Vowed no hearing/no vote on Obama's Court pick but he things that's O.K.!?!?!? Shame
i didn't hear you saying that a year ago, you partisan hack.
It's called, Obstruction. I've listened to these hearings, and Judge Gorsuch is beyond qualified.
Ted Kennedy and Robert Bork.
I can answer that in two words: Merrick Garland. How do you expect to make a SCOTUS confirmation partisan then complain when Ds reciprocate?
Reps happened. Art of the gerrymander. The art of the obstruct. The art of the twist of the law. The art of the greedy. The art of the GOP
What happened?! Repubs wouldn't vote on Obama's nomination last year. KARMA!
How about no respect or trust in a justice who has an agenda of bigotry & unrealistic originalist views.
Is it perhaps because Merrick Garland got no vote at all?
Answer: Merrick Garland.
How do you spell Merrick Garland?
I know, right? Merrick Garland couldn't even get a hearing! Oh wait, that's not what you mean, is it?
the attitude is hysterical when Garland couldn't even get a hearing
Yes, Dems are wondering why Merrick Garland never even got the respect of a meeting with all but one Republican
McConnell's Obama obstruction remarks? McConnell's preventing Garland getting a hearing? Citizens United?
Judge Garland. Case closed.
GOP hypocrisy. @least the Dems r giving Gorsuch a hearing which is more then the GOP gave Garland. #dispicable
Two words: Merrick Garland. @hughhewitt @LindseyGrahamSC
sticking with McConnell's gaslighting strategy, I see
take your pick...trump, McConnell or both
.@hughhewitt @LindseyGrahamSC 
GOP stole two elections and a SCOTUS seat. Dunno Lindsey, maybe that affected dynamic.
The nomination process was 'Borked' by Democrat recalcitrance. #tcot
Ask Judge Garland. You and your colleagues subverted the constitution for political gain.
Well, most recently the GOP spent a year not even holding a HEARING on a Dem prez nominee. LOOK IN THE MIRROR!
because so many politicians (esp Dems) have made their political party their religion.
Do Republicans and their Hewitts have to insult our intelligence with EVERYTHING they say? Are they sadists?
Balkanization of the US Electorate. Garland not being considered (Nom.-Jan. 3, 2017 waited 293)-
Current president is under FBI investigation. Last nominee didn't even get courtesy of s hearing. Enough??
Reps chose not to do their jobs even after American ppl asked the to.
your white repub hypocrisy is showing, hewitt! Sen Graham, ur r showing ur's as well on this subject!
It's Twitter's fault. 
We all know what happened McConnell, Reps and Garland. All ppl wanted was a hearing and a vote even if no vote
I agree it's demoralizing. NG is clrly qualified but I can't get over the repubs for robbing Obama of that seat
. Unprecedented politicization and obstruction. I feel repubs should STILL give M. Garland a hearing.
Used to be nominees didn't wait over 350 days for a vote to actually never get one, but R's poisoned the well
Quality of candidates? Merrick Garland? Anti Trump, want me to continue?
what hppnd is #GopIsTheNewIsis is all abt party politics, not PATRIOTISM! This is Merrick Garland's position!
Don't even! @GOP has taught the Dems well. Obstruct obstruct obstruct.
two words and one name: Merrick Garland
Oh, I don't know. Why don't you ask, oh....Merrick Garland?
Merrick Garland.
Repubs, held up a nominee for a year and now you're surprised Dems aren't singing the new nominee's praises?
You sir Mr. Hewitt happened.
Not holding hearings for nominee Obama properly put forward. Now mad. That's what happened. Not hard to follow.
It's easy, R's refused any floor vote of Garland. You should have advised Majority Leader before hand, right?
Garland seen by both sides as an excellent jurist to serve the US...what's happened? Obstructionist partisanism
Mitch McConnell happened.
Trump is campaigning. Mitch himself said POTUS shouldn't get #SCOTUS noms while campaigning.
I just live n a small town n MO but mayb it's got sumthing todo with the his prez being under FBI investigation
u can't fix till honest about cause & it def not all caused from one side or other.
you don't know what happened????
Somehow, some way a president  who won by over 5 million votes was not allowed to nom. for SCOTUS but a pres. under FBI investigation was
Easy to explain:  #StolenSeat and #NominatedByRussianOperative
What happened was McConnell & his treatment of Garland nomination.  However, 2 wrongs don't make a right.  #DemsBeAdults
What has happened is extreme partisanship. SCOTUS just 1 example. Most extreme example is Trump / Russia ties
The republican party's dishonesty and obstruction-that's what has happened! #hypocrisy
#NoGorsuch
lets be honest this is about left and right applying the law as a cultural force .....1/2
rather than letting the churches, synagogues, mosques, and other communities take their rightful place!!!
Maybe it's Mitch McConnell telling you his primary objective is to block a black democratic president.
Oh, I don't know...never having a vote on a nominee at all maybe?
Um, Trump under investigation for collusion with Russia. Maybe Manafort will fall on his sword to save the day.
what happened was #NoHearingNoVote. It's pretty damn obvious.
Ask Mitch.
how did we get to NO hearings or vote for #MerrickGarland
I would point out the bad behavior on both sides, particularly the denial of the SCOTUS pick last year.
Refusal to play by the rules? At least the Dems gave the courtesy of a hearing.

Hypocrisy much?
Illegitimate Nomination.
such hypocrites . The nerve of bringing up democrats when you wouldn't even vote for Obama nominee . Pigs
its sad...I think it started with Republican obstructionism led by your own Mitch McConnell.
I believe D's would answer that question with a question of their own: how many votes did Merrick Garland get?
The bitterness is kinda sweet. Get over yourself.
Respectfully playing devil's advocate here. Thought I'd bring up a point. But have a great day!
