Time for this establishment RINO to go!!!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump said exactly what he should have said, and didn't take sides like @POTUS44 did on everything #BLM
So if @realDonaldTrump has to come out and condemn.. #WhiteSupremacists and #NeoNazis At the same time he should condemn #BLM #Antifa.
I would like to say I personally condemn #WhiteSupremacist #NeoNazis #BLM #Antifa in my eyes they all have the potential to be terrorists
However with that said everyone (garbage of society or not) has the right to peacefully assemble and to speak freely no matter who they are
@LindseyGrahamSC You should Resign and be ashamed by coming out and being apart of the division same goes to all other so-called Republicans
Republicans need to grow some balls… And stop backing down every time some snowflake liberal comes out and complains about something
He has been as well as all inclusive. Dems and RINOS will always knit-pick what he says just to criticize!
You are political opportunist/hack
Why don't you invite them to the white house like Obama did BLM
Yes, it was terrorism. But white supremacists are @realDonaldTrump 's base. Or else he would #FireBannon.
There is NO backlash on POTUS. Republican voters support for POTUS & his reaction on Charlottesville is at 61%. How many in SC support you?
Trump condemned ALL!  If he named Antifa and BLM specifically, as well as White Supremacist, he would have been condemned.

How the hell do you know that the wt Nationalists , or whatever they're currently calling themselves, started the riots?
You wanted him to put the blame on White Nationalists when it was also the BLM and ANTIFA. He waited for facts unlike you and other RHINOS.

I heard Trumps  clariion call loud and clear but Anti american/Trump haters always hear what they want to here to here & Hate America
You can't blame one group when all groups were fighting.

“Here's the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.” —Hillary
No, he ignored the opportunity.  The difference is important.
Nope it was multiplicity of hate groups. He was all inclusive so people like u couldn't say "well it was also.." But of course not enough.
POTUS did not Miss an Opportunity to be Explicit! He was precisely explicit. He revealed his character exactly No Morality He is Dangerous
#Obama failed to denounce his PASTOR. Oh, and these terrorists.
Graham never misses an opportunity to criticize Trump, though! What a creep!
You running, or what?
@lindseyGrahamSC loves the camera and should take his own advice andsupport the camander and chief instead of cutting him down every chance
Potus condemned the hate from both sides. What are u talking about? Nothing he says is good enough for u or the other Rinos! #2018Midterms
Our hope for this nation is for the wicked to turn to God and kindness to flow off their tongues...
This old southern bitch has got to go!!!!!
But that's the point. He was quite explicit in his message.
SHUT UP !!
QUIT sounding like your running against the President. You cannot come close to what this man means to us. WE ARE TIRED OF BACK STABBING .
Graham is the #GOPe & RINO. Chris Wallace is anti Trump, registered Democrat & sucks @Fox.
#TrumpTrain #DrainTheSwamp  #MAGA #PATRIOTISM 
Yes it sucks. But We are the power to change. Be brave even when scared
he said enough, so ridiculous @LindseyGrahamSC
I liked the comment as it was, non-explicit!
It's an intentional miss.   

The White Supremacist are a part of his "base".
If @realDonaldTrump named 1 he'd be dammed fornaming everyone as he is by casting a larger net over all that commit hate crimes
https://twitter.com/ten_gop/status/896872317451513857 …
I thought @POTUS nailed it. Denouncing Hate ,on many sides .We all bleed red. We are Americans and should unite. (L.G. Must be 4th Reich )
Culpability lies with the Mayor of #Chalottesville , police should never stand down-That's what should be looked into!
@LindseyGrahamSC  with Republican Senators like U that support & have the pres back ha ha who needs enemies??
False. President Trump & conservatives denounce ALL hate groups: white supremacists, BLM, antifa. You don't miss an opportunity to be a Rino
How about disavonging all hatred.
How come you only speak out against white supremacist and not antifa and BLM?
Lets condemn all sides the BLM and left idiots are not different then the KKK left wears blackhoods KKK wears white hoods same same
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS was trying to deescalate and not incite any more violence. He is 
 for all Americans.
Taking time as a leader to know the facts is an important part of leadership. He has now done so
How much more explicit do you want? My President has said all he will say on matterNOw comes action. You know the word congress dont get
RINO Graham needs to be Primaried & Chris Wallace is a #Trump hater & registered Democrat. Dems are Commies & Anarchist thugs, ANTIFA & BLM!
I guess you were to weird and missed your opportunity to be President enjoy that cushy Senate Seat this year better polish up that resume
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump don't use tragedy as an OPPORTUNITY! #DrainTheSwamp
To Cons complaining at @POTUS response, you would be the first 2 complain that @POTUS44 would be putting his thumbs-on-the-scales-of-justice
Mr. Graham, and what will that be?I did some research on what you have accomplished in your long venture in the senate.  Not a damned thing!
Sen Graham, you are part of the Hill's problem. Retire and take Sen McCain with you. You both have been too long on the taxpayers backs!
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS Trump said all he wanted to say people keep expecting trump to evolve this is what u get
Are you for calling for @realDonaldTrump to get rid of Sessions, Bannon, Miller, & Gorka.  If not, then you're full of crap.
He is right, BLM, ANTIFA have been rioting, calling for death to all WHITES and our PRES., They need to stop, they caused White Supr. march.
He didn't miss an opportunity. He likes these people. He is just like them. Full of hate
BULLSH*T!  POTUS SAID EXACTLY THE RIGHT THING TO DENOUNCE THE VIOLENCE. Lindsay Graham is NUTS.
How come you never condemned Obama for lack of comment on the violent hate riots after Trumps election, or Ferguson?
HE missed on purpose because Trump is an insecure subpar racist.
we have seen the worse in you.He gave a great http://speech.You  did nothing when they rioted for 3 weeks at a time in other cities
ALL OF YOU AND YOUR FOLLOWERS SHOULD CONCENTRATE ON THE LOSS OF LIFE AND THEIR FAMILIES. NOT WHICH WORDS SAID BY POUTUS -STOP AND THINK
THE THREE PEOPLE WHO LOST THIER LIVES IS THE ISSUE...YOU AND OTHERS IN THE DEM PARTY ARE DIVIDING PEOPLE, AND THEN YOU GET SENSELESS ACTS
Lindsey Graham is a confused individual who needs to find himself!  #Swamp Creature
GRAHAM STOP YOUR ANALYSIS OF EVERYTHING POUTUS  DOES. IT'S  AS IF YOU LIKE BEING ON T.V. PLEASE, YOU ARE NOT ALL THAT & IT IS GETTING OLD
. Graham》 It wldnt matter what POTUS sd! You wld bash no matter what!
WHEN WILL LINDSEY GRAHAM REALIZE HE IS NOT THE PRESIDENT, AND THE PRESIDENT DOES NOT HAVE TO RUN ANYTHING HE SAYS BY HIM FIRST.
WHEN WILL THIS COUNTRY STOP BASHING THIS PRESIDENT - OUR PRESIDENT. HE IS CRITICIZED WHEN HE SAYS TOO MUCH - AND IN YOUR OPINION NOT ENOUGH
Please do an @HouseDemocrats thing and be loyal to the @HouseGOP and support the President @realDonaldTrump!
Your a discrace to the @SenateGOP!  You've topped the biggest suckup to @SenSchumer.  You and @SenJohnMcCain remind me of the movie "TWINS".
And why?  The world is waiting.
Pay attention! Read his lips! He was explicit condemning the violence on all sides.
He was, apparently you and many others weren't listening. He stated he disliked all kinds of violent protest.
This is BS! Did you here his speech last night. My question is who is financing this group?
A reminder that 90 years, two months, 13 days ago @realdonaldtrump's father was arrested at a #KKK rally http://washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/t …
Do you know the story? Feel free to enlighten me.
You are like the teacher's pet in class always trying to get the guy you're jealous of in trouble.
U sanctimonious baiter and fraud. You are the master baiter. Can't wait until the likes of you, McCain, Ryan & McConnell are shown the door.
Bullshit. Trump said this kind of violence is condemned 
He said on all sides
how soon we forget the wrestling video of DJT smacking down CNN. Violence begets violence. Emboldens those on the fringe
Fox is as bad as MSNBC they can't wait to run to Graham to get the RINO point of view. Cowards will not admit blame should be on both sides
U Just Can't Fix Stupid
AG Sessions & FBI investigating civil rights+ other crimes @ #Charlottesville That's better response then worthless words & hand-wringing.
Criticism & negativity! sick of #Trumpbashing. Don't condone violence/terrorism but what civil action taken in lib protests? Double standard
Done expecting Trump to embrace American values. Has never been his intent. Our only hope is to reject, impeach, incarcerate.
My rage has no limits.  Father fought in the Battle of the Bulge and I have to watch the POTUS Handle neonazi fascist groups with kid gloves
WWLD! What Would Lindsey Do?
Unity, support, understanding, working together, trust, respect, encouragement, regarding our Great President @realDonaldTrump would be good
I love your selective outrage.  What about Antifa, Black Lives Matter, etc.  You're a loser...get back to work!
Keep Lindsey Grahamnasty on CNN ... thinking people don't give a damn what he bloviates about. @FoxNewsSunday = CNN News Sunday.
Lindsey, I see you got your #Democrat dunce cap on today.
Hope I was explicit enough.
#FNS #Trump #Charolettesville
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS I thought he was explicit, hate by all is wrong, both far right & far left.
. He actually encouraged the comments like they had not negative effect.
and Obama missed many opportunities when black life matters called for dead cops
when you acknowledge the problematic #antifa #resistance #blm who help agitated what happened in #charlottsville they are also racist groups
@LindsayGrahamSC is such a weasel. This is how you're going to make your mark??
POTUS no matter what he says left will never b satisfied inaugural speech A+. #Charolettesville speech not tough enough?It'll never be 4 D's
Bias what about 8 years of Obama refusing to call Muslims Islamic terrorist fox is as bad as CNN about bias .
Yes be explicit but also name BLM and antifa that started the violence. I hate KKK and BLM/antifa groups
What is the terms of an idiot Lindsey Graham.
Correct, Senator.
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS Stupid ppl, Trump will not condemn wht supremacists! These are his ppl! Did u see his rallys
Graham never misses a chance to criticize President Trump.  Graham and McCain just want to block President Trump. They are worthless.
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS Lindsey u sure didn't miss opportunity to be ignorant on national tv
@LindseyGrahamSC not sure what else @realDonaldTrump couod have said, he denounced both sides you sir are just buying into liberalism
Reality: Hatred from any group is wrong. Hatred from Antifa, BLM no different from NeoNazis, KKK. All present & promote violence.
Pres Trump was proper in his response. He properly identified the problem: all of the participating groups.
Linsey Graham
Not first time.When do U Lindsey graham stop giving him a pass!He lacks human decency, moral authority&conviction to anything but himself!
BS!  He couldn't get any plainer!   All violence and hatred is unacceptable!  Both sides are wrong.
Yes he did!! He is very specific in 140 characters, why can't he be the same here? Maybe b/c he needs them? GOP reconsider support
He missed an opportunity to be "presidential".
Interesting, his statement was crafted by the whitehouse press team..what would you have said oh brilliant one?
Oh please Lindsay will say anything to remain relevant DTS
How many ways does the President have to say how he feels?  Maybe SMALLER words would help these idiots understand!  DONT HATE PERIOD
@LindseyGrahamSC You need to switch parties or back our President. He's doing a GREAT JOB!!! You , McCain and all the others are disgusting!
Even the never Trumper ' want him to pick one side over the other so they can paint him in a corner. We the people can think. STUPID MEDIA.
How in Gods name could he have been more explicit?
No one takes anything Lindsey says as serious anymore. Too much swamp talking.
Really, Graham stop show boating!
There is a reason for his silence.
He never missed anything!! you (@LindseyGrahamSC)  on the other hand have missed!!
He called all fascists grps to stop!!
His remarks were very explicit BEFORE and AFTER he won the election. Is Obama a member of the Black Panthers, Black Lives Matter Wright Clan
I understand you were named Linsey after an old gossipy grandma 
Rino
Funny how no lefty ever cared when trump supporters were assaulted and beaten by Antifa and BLM.
Actually, he WAS very explicit.
He was. Both sides were wrong. POTUS was right on target with his condemnation of both sides. #Graham ur a political hack.
To what follow the narrative and condemn all white people?
Trump's thought process: he is UNABLE to be "explicit" cannot finish a full sentence, even less a complicated thought.
@LindseyGrahamSC  If @realDonaldTruimp had been more explicit, he would have had to condem #antifa and #BLM also, who engaged in violence.
He was.
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS Lindsay Graham is a scumbag.
Trump is a white supremacist unable to plainly state: "White supremacy is wrong, illegal & will be stopped." Trump leads white supremacy.
Past statements : Banal  and meaningless platitudes of fleeting sympathy
Pres was very clear.Graham should make it clear that you are gay and a Democrat plant You are a liar. Tell the truth about your boyfriend
You should resign!!
Obama defends black lives matter in Washington Post 2015 but Trump must be very explicit,  liberal hypocrites
... he was explicit, he condemned both sides, I was there and the left started the trouble ...
He didnt need to! Had Antifa stayed home this would of been peaceful (wrong but peaceful) Antifa should be terrorist!
Always can count on you to politicize a tragic situation and make it about you.
Why is it that Lindsey Graham always get interviewed? Could it be that he utters the words left wants to hear -has nothing to do with truth!
Fox News is propaganda state-run media don't watch this garbage
He was explicit. He conxemnex both sides. The truth is both sides were ready to fight. Helmets, sticks, shields, is proof both groups
FULL OF HATE. BOTH GROUPS RESPONSIBLE FOR VIOLENCE. NO ANGELS IN CHARLOTTESVILLE.
No he didn't.
Like Obama did before all facts were in? POTUS condemned the hate & violence! Stop pandering. Can't wait until you are primaried!
Actually... He was very explicit. 
Lindsey: STOP being divisive - Potus was very clear in how he feels about this - your politicking here is shameful
How is condemning ALL hate and bigotry missing an opportunity? Trump haters will always hate no matter what.
WH is full of Nazis sanctioned & supported by the GOP. Remember WWII? Ironic if Germany must help rid us of our Nazis.
Very true
Go away hack Senator...
No, the GOP RINOs missed an opportunity to indict ALL the bad actors in this play. It wasn't just the marchers, but the Antifa crowd as well
To mention Antifa also.

A U.S. President choosing sides did not work when Obama was in office. He never waited for the results of an investigation before speaking.

Trump weighing out if his support base could support a Coup down the line. And he has issues with the gentlemen from Virginia it appears.
@LindseyGrahamSC don,r mess an opportunity to grandstand
They were all in the wrong I'm sick of the Democrats twisting everything sick of them backing all the bad people of the world over Americans
Lindsay u moron he was they were both wrong first amendment allows you to protest the anti-fascist shouldn't have shown up ready to fight
Him an McCain plays chess w putin. They want war so bad..you know there playing battleship in offices
Obama denounced the police even sent in loretta an holder to praise the blm riots...nobody winked eye
DJT missed an opportunity to lead. Essentially he missed an opportunity to be President of the United States and to reenforce US values.
Back bashing the pres. Pres Trump's message was on point. Knock it off Lynnie. Why don't you write him a speech. You lost remember.
Nazis! They were Nazis! They had flags, armbands! Nazis! Why don't you acknowledge that? Do you support that @FoxNews?
Trump can't spell or pronounce "white supremacist" that's why he doesn't use the term
Says the closet. 1% guy who got 500k votes in his home state
Again, @POTUS cld call in the @NationalGuard and order to fire on them and @FoxNewsSunday and @LindseyGrahamSC still their panties in bnch
Stop he put it plain and simple Sen.where where you in out cry when Pres. Obama with nothing more than incitement  this country we are 1
Ya think
Trump is caught up in political correctness. Name it, call it out and fight it.
He was purposefully vague - he knows the supremacists are his base. Just ask David Duke.
He missed nothing... he's down with white supremacists.....
@LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS condemned everyone on both sides...Start supporting him or just resign. # Your fired
So he condemmned both the murderer and the victims. Sounds like an asshole to me.
#ArrestSoros
And it was no surprise at all.
