I realize there are issues to be resolved between Russia/US, but seems establishment wants Permanent Russia status=Boogeyman
Thats normally what happens when they continually break agreements and continually try and undermine our democracy. They need to change for
the US to change policy and so long as Putin is in charge as basically a dictator, this relationship will continue as is.
Where's The MSM Outrage Election MeddlingObama admin. sent taxpayer money to campaign to oust Netanyahu
A lot of people have moved on from Obama, because what is going on now is 1000 times more important with Trump and his obvious ineptitude.
TWILIGHT ZONER, LEARN TO THINK!!!
Just because you are using the thinking man statutory as your profile pic obviously doesn't make you think very hard. Look what's out now,
this is just the beginning of information to come out in the transgressions of Trumps team up to and after the election.
Everything is Transgressive... Change Begts Change ,Your Stuck in the mud, Because you and your LIBERAL COHORTS CAN'T THINK!  Bretty. . .
Our country has been stuck in the mud with this do nothing GOP that can't even pass laws when they have the entire government.
This whole thing we call life is a joke, A bad dream Signifying NOTHING,Do u honestly think a1000 yrs,from now people will b any different?
Why is he stopping short? It is the dumbest idea and he knows it!
Thanks PROFESSOR NO NOTHING!!!
Thanks statue for having nothing to add to the conversation because you can't think for yourself.
I'm only 12 years old ,I'm sorry I don't have your  DIVINE WISDOM !!! Can l call you Bretty? All my Friends call me Bobby ..Thanks Bretty!
You definitely sound twelve, very uninformed.
Time for U to go @LindseyGrahamSC. Patriots "know" who you stand with & it's not the Am people or our @POTUS. We are sick of U & ......
senile @SenJohnMcCain . RINOS!!
Wake up South Carolina SC! @LindseyGrahamSC does not stand with us! Vote him out 2020!
you were saying the Clintons also had contacts when @MSNBC cut the mic
Senator you may want to read this.
Let's hope the few remaining GOP members with integrity can help America survive.
Are there any?
No
Their are more they just need to rise from the ashes
Quit taking corporate money.
Thank goodness the Democratic Party never took money from any special interest groups!!
They all do
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.    Duh!
It is a DANGEROUS idea
If not collusion, then yes, really stupid. & keeping them in security slots, stupider. If DT was 1/8  leader he thinks he is, he'd end that.
You don't have idea
Seriously...Why Not, I've been overseas on & off 4 almost 20 years-Central&S. America, Mexico. And we Can't work w Russia?!Really, Grow Up!
Ok, so maybe the Russians are guilty of election meddling..what else you got? Sexist reply.
@bobby_foulcamp @LindseyGrahamSC Dumbest is to keep T in place. 
Yaoza
@chucktodd, was it just a week ago that you had Senator Gomer on your show?
. Mr Graham The way you consistently bash our POTUS & drag down Republican Party is definitely the "dumbest"! In fact it is DISGRACEFUL!
When is all going to stop, your all acting like a bunch of cry babies
Sen. Graham is sooo dumb for not supporting his party's President!  Traitor!
and yet he still supports a president who routinely makes dumb moves.
Imagine a democrat prez has done all the things that Trump has said/done. What would you want Dems to do? DO THAT NOW!!!
Agree Senator Graham @BobSMueller @SenCapito @SenatorCollins @JerryMoran @NancyPelosi @SenDuckworth @LambdaLegal Lawfirm
The Republicans love to form circular firing squads.  They need to stay away from the cameras and get something done. Time go govern!
Trump has dumb ideas and he is now a proven liar.  Like dog crap citizens need to step far away from liar Trump..the 'fake'.
The republicans are all talk, no action. I don't understand why they even bother. Its time for actions, not words.
i feel there might be a buddy system to schedule who criticizes tRump. It's Graham turn and Rubio incensed BUT no action. we're being played
"Not the dumbest idea." Means, I'm gonna start normalizing this behavior because I'm   as we speak.  
~@LindseyGrahamSC 
••••••amiright?
Lindsey. Graham. I thought you were better than this. Tell us what you really think. Tell the truth.
Lindsey Graham IS DUMBEST Senator South Carolina has ever sent to Washington Can't wait to get him outDrain the Swamp & Term Limits 
Any sane American knows exactly what is going on here.  The dots keep being connected and the underlying picture is clear.  #Treason
How pathetic. Trump did NOT "win the election fair and square." Stop being such an obsequious toadie.
I agree with you. 

And I followed you just because you knew how to spell obsequious correctly. 
English lit major 
I expect to learn a new word every day.

Don't let me down. 
haha, the pressure is on!
I have no doubt in that meeting, Dump undermined our national security to such a degree, that we're now more vulnerable than we've ever been
SCARY NON THINKING LIBERAL TWILIGHT ZONER...
As the Irish like to say, "Feck off" #Resist
Come on MARIE, that's not nice ,just came back  from Dublin,No one told me to  "Feck off" BUT l FORGIVE YOU,Cause l know UR a nice Person
What do you mean not the dumbest idea.  It's like a cat inviting a mouse to his cellar to play with him & later to join him to dine together
Lindsay please leave the Republican Party !!! We all know you and John McCain are puppets for the Democratic Party
As an average American, it is exhausting watching all the drama coming from trump fam..time to stop it and  govern. Too much like highschool
Thank you!
Wish the rest of the GOP would get some ____.
Care u 2 watch this Lindsey!

Keep doubting the president but understand that he is more seasoned than a well used cast iron skillet
hillarious dude!
Wow never thought I'd hear Senator Graham as a voice of reason!
#MakeAmericaAMERICANagain!!!!
So now that Don Jr slipped on his collusion banana peel, you need to either man up on #TrumpRussiaCollusion or you are complicit.
...and the sad scenario is Trump & team are naive to Putin's KGB tentacles !
@LindseyGrahamSC - It is NOT ISIL it's ISIS and nobody really cares what your opinion is about Trump's meeting w/Putin. You weren't there!
Tell u what worry about not doing anything for your mediocre career. Term limits have zeroed in on your kind. Resign with dignity
Please, please, please..., just go away
Maybe Graham and dodd should work on a list of foreign actions POTUS has done that havnt been excellent?
@marcorubio & @LindseyGrahamSC could lead the action against #UnfitToServe 45, save the GOP & easily win re-election! STEP UP!! #WalkTheTalk
If/when we go to war with Russia over your warmongering nonsense, i won't accept any less than you being on the front lines Senator.
Yeah, him and McCain. Why do they think they're invited to the man shows, because the libs like them? Really! Both are irrelevant
A greater dumb,.. is to set in the studio of #propaganda news. Knowing they will stop at nothing to hurt @potus! USA. Shame on u Lindsey!
Fruits look pretty rotten to be on propaganda news. Add Lindsey Graham to the, "It's all about Me", America list!.
vote this bum out
Get a f life graham a get the hell out of Washington
Thank you sir, You are courageously speaking TRUTH, I thank God for your speaking out with reason and standing for our country's security
Lindsey Graham and John McCain should get married.  Maxine Waters should perform the ceremony.
Said the guy who got less than 1% during the primary. Oh yeah,his opinion is gold..heck, if it weren't for CNN,MSNBC, etc. he wouldnt have 1
Thank you for stating the obvious.
McCain has excuse 4 his stupid remarks. He like Pelosi have lost all sense of reality. You know better!
Senator, U lost & though I voted 4 u it is time 4 u & that over the hill McCain to get on board & help America not impede progress. 1/2....
Whatever, Senator Twinkletoes. Just get back in line with the other yes-men and wait for further instructions.
#GOP

keep your friends close your enemies closer. I agree with the President @LinseygrahamSC
With forethought and good ol ingenuity US could learn A lot from rubbing elbows together in this endeavor. For the future.
I'm glad he finds this so amusing! Sadly, the joke's on us.
Thanks, @LindseyGrahamSC
Except DJT did not win fair and square. He wouldn't of even won without Russian hacking, hence, he's in bed with them.
Coincidence?
What could be dumber? I can imagine something as stupid but it would be impossible to think of something more inane
Lindsey Graham needs to look up how many times the U.S.A has tried to interfere in other countries elections. This is what governments do!!!
down the swamp :D 
When are good people going to put a stop to this circus before it is too late?
Take our country back from these putin loving traitors. XXV.4
Just doing for Russia what Obama did for Cuba.
Can u guys just WORK
7yrs to come up w/HC but your just too busy
U wouldn't make it a month in real business 
LINDSAY YOU NEED TO START WORKING WITH OUR @POTUS OR RESIGN! YOU AND @SenJohnMcCain DON'T CARE ABOUT AMERICAN'S
Lindsey Graham can't even help with healthcare! He has Russia brain! Oh sorry he does not have a brain!
Linsey and McCain are dumb and dumber!
@realDonaldTrump This is what happens when you tweet whatever pops into your head, rather than vetting things with advisors first.
Didn't his state vote for Donald J Trump?  Why does he think he knows better than the ppl he serves????
With Trump in the White House, we don't need professional comedians anymore.  I couldn't stop laughing when I heard this.
@realDonaldTrump did NOT win fair and square, but we are stuck with Putin's puppet. @GOP needs to put country b4 party. Uphold your oath.
Well, at least we agree on something. That's better than nothing...and I suppose that's something 
That's why he's not president of US. It's time to unite with all major countries and fight back to fix current problems.
Lindsey is totally unfit to be a future president. #lowenergy
Notice the "fake news" brings on hacks to talk about Russia...
Thank you, Sen Graham for SAYING something. But now DO something. Our Republic is hanging on by a slender thread.
Dumbest idea=Lindsey Graham re-election
Undermining @realDonaldTrump , yet again.  Smh.
And what are you going to do about it?
What will the GOP do now against Con Artist Trump's Incompetence?
But Senator, a wise person said keep your friends close & keep your enemies closer. Were you one of those who pretended China didn't exist?
But Senator, President Trump is working w/ you despite you reneging on the pledge to support GOP nominee sign in SC.
Chuck Todd needs to move on over to MSNBC for his editorial/opinion show!
There's a reason your presidential aspirations ended early and his didn't.  Think a little deeper before you comment on his words.
Its like telling your husband the neighbor raped you and his response,  "get over it, let's all just move forward" To neighbor, Do it Again!
Crijey, that's a dark one.
Graham and McCain are all talk and no action   They love the talk shows but vote wsith 45 every single time.  Disgusting.  Vote them out
Well if it's not the dumbest idea in GOP world exactly what is?
#TheResistance
If this isn't collusion and what the hell is give me a break lock them up!

Lindsey Graham is a complete dope.
Guy gets nothing done.
Taje your crooked head ans go away.
Mr. Graham  Donald Trump did not win the  election fair and square !
It is time for the US to promote transparency and to discontinue Shadow Gov
Yes lead or step aside
Exactly
Excatly
@LindseyGrahamSC "dumb" or perhaps flat out dangerous?! How can you say Trump didn't benefit from @wikileaks that crushed HRC?
Watch Miss Lindsay talk tough about Russia & Trump, and do his usual nothing!
Let's add @realDonaldTrump to this
It seems Lindsay Graham wants to escalate tension with Russia. He is a reckless warmonger, is Graham.
45* has ticked off our allies,emboldened the enemy,& his budget & "healthcare" will kill millions!DO SOMETHING RIGHT NOW!!!
This man should be able to get your email
Trump hasn't done anything right. Not one thing. And now this? Please sir, I question your motives in not just bashing him totally.
Soros' money and power is not worth your integrity and honor.  Reconsider the path you have chosen. Support your President!
Most persons trained on how Russian's work will not trust them at all.
I suppose the Libs including Graham think WAR with Russia is much better! Loser
Wow! Finally
I see you got one of the 4 republican senators who's actual a democrat on your show. You're really pushing the envelope Chuckie.
So Mr.Graham admits Russian interference in our election, but he still saying that Republicans won fair an square .....hmm so contradictory
Don Jr already admitted russians provided info to hurt HRC, wait and see to finally hear Russians hacked election to help puppet win
The dumbest by far though that is a hard call to make with his many dumber than dumb treasonous actions!


I know you know Trump's presidency is a shit show. Please act accordingly.
These rhinos must go we need to organize and get rid of these rhinos the problem is his buddy McCain has five and a half years left
BOMBSHELL: New Report Shows Guccifer 2.0-DNC Files Were Copied Locally—Not Hacked
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/07/bombshell-new-report-shows-guccifer-2-0-dnc-files-copied-locally-not-hacked/ ….        Russia? someone else too?
How @ stepping up Sen Graham, not equivocating, but telling the truth? T is a traitor willing to work w/ our enemy.Still power over people?
I'd hate to hear the dumbest idea!
Graham talks pretty...that's all. Absolutely will do nothing. @gop are all complicit in Selling out to Russia 

#TrumpPutin
#FuckPutin
GRAHAM THE HAM. IDIOT DC ELITE.
Cool story, bro. Now do something about it
Happy Birthday! Beyond the soundbites, please, DO SOMETHING!!!
#TrumpRussia
#PenceRussia
#KushnerRussia
#SessionsRussia
#FlynnRussia
#TrumpJrRussia
No THE dumbest idea was supporting @realDonaldTrump 4 presidency
Not a fan of twinkle toes lindsey graham or fake news mslsd.
Lindsey Graham is trying to be bold and brave. He just talks with NO action. Wimp!
Graham, you could spend this time more productively looking for those two items that have gone missing so often since 45 got elected.
I agree, but I disagree w U RE electn not impacted. MayB R didn't chg ballots but can't say R didn't impact votes w #FakeNews &Leaks
Drain the swamp
Keep it up, Senator.
Lindsey sure does talk a lot.

.@POTUS @realDonaldTrump the true 'Maverick' 

Top Gun
@SenJohnMcCain 
…
All talk, no action.
@LindseyGrahamSC YOU will NEVER be @Potus GO AWAY! #ProudAmerican It's fitting you are on @CNN
@LindseyGrahamSC unlike Korea you don't get a warning #WeThePeople don't want your kind in DC time to #DrainTheSwamp from the likes of you
They all complain about trump & DO NOTHING, just for the sake of saiying they have the MAJORITY...BUNCH OF WEAK ppl controlling our needs!
talk is cheap. What are you going to do about it?
can't watch this guy he is part time Democrat ! GOP should tell him stop attacking @realDonaldTrump  on TV
Graham says "I know Putin won the election 4 Trump but lets ignore that"
Graham says "That speech in Poland was great It Focused on Nationalism, Bullying, and isolationism"
@chucktodd @LindseyGrahamSC Out of the way Trump and family. It's now war with Russia, with or without you. Democracy first.
Graham will do nothing to stop Trump.
Fair and square? Through gerrymandering, voter suppression and straight up cheating and lying?

@POTUS Sen Graham, you don't have to opine every time the President talks. If you have all insight how about being an advisor not a critic.
No. The dumbest thing would be to reelect you to reelect you to represent the citizens of this nation. Talk about unmasking.
What are you going to do about it, tough guy?
"He won fair and square." 
Collusion coupled with delusion ... great. Just great.
L G you need to leav...living in the dark ages...really who do you think you are
Most honest thing I've heard a Republican say regarding election and Putin!
How does Graham know what goes on behind closed doors? This all sounds like a bunch of BS from these two!
