He condemned hate on both sides.  Doubt you'll be re-elected.  You have lost my vote!
No he didn't....he conflated Nazis with protestors against Nazis.
He didn't conflate anything. Antifa IS NOT justified.
Anti fascism is justified
It's all a setup by Obama and Soros how can you be so foolish to speak like this unless you are in on it with them
Lol https://twitter.com/marcusc22973194/status/898185263264014336 …
So what, I bet some them good ole white hooded boys voted for you too! You are a sunshine patriot and a spineless hypocrite
#Bullshit He's just not COMPLETELY bought and paid for (only a little)- lol.
If a car had a bad transmission it would have 2 be fixed or replaced let's say the White House is the car Trump needs 2 fixed or replaced!!!
No the swamp needs to be fixed. Be brave
news Senator Graham please reply need legislation to end hate groups from protesting or existing get real about stopping these idiots urgent
Support our POTUS and stop acting like the liberal leftist.
Your helping to support this:
#FakePics
#Ignorance doesn't negate culpability
Graham are you losing your mind. Trump handled Charlottesville great. You are bitter & he can't please you. You are my Sen. I expect better.
@realDonaldTrump has not demanded white supremacist not march in his name, fulfill his campaign promises or wear his stuff! #ImpeachTrump!
And
You need to back our President so we can get our new health care plan you've promised for 9 years now!
That's why we here in SC call this man LYIN LINDSEY
Oh and this little jewel http://redstatewatcher.com/article.asp?id=90679 …

If you point to the name of your group or charter information to explain away group violence,you may be a member of a domestic terror group.
#AltLeft & MSM think they can label us ALL KKK, White Supremacists & racist to take away our #FreedomOfSpeech to silence us! #FightSupremacy
Well if you have KKK and White supremacist view... but it's certainly your right to have those views
COR. BETTER A FRIEND THAN AN ENEMY! REV. WE LIVE IN A HARSH & PREDATORY WORLD. NEUTRAL SPORE LIKE ISREAL IS SURROUNDED BY MUSLIM COUNTRIES!
You can not rationalize with the irrational. You know he is not right. We ALL know he is not right. The president is mentally ill.
Read your first sentence. Then the rest. Anything seem ironic?
48 followers and your home thread is only retweets...you are not a Bot. LOL! Do YOU see anything ironic, Dear?
Hey let's talk about the Hillary emails http://redstatewatcher.com/article.asp?id=90679 …
Just cause he didnt say it politically correct he did condemn all hate and racism .are u perfect senator ?
jobsjobsjobs is a Putin bot. Only pro Trump tweets r from Russian bots & scum of the Earth.
look Lindsey the other side trump mentioned
I remember when u weren't corrupt and insignificant. This president is loved in ways that bring loyalty. He is MAGA!

If in your mind condemning all hate groups is somehow supporting the hate groups you personally hate, you might be a domestic terrorist.
And in 5 minutes @LindseyGrahamSC will be right back defending @realDonaldTrump because he's nothing but a party over country kind of guy.
I am neither racist nor hate-filled, but I must speak out against you. You are hate-filled. You do not support our @POTUS or US citizens!
How about the way McAuliffe handled Charlottesville?
THE PRESIDENT BEING GASLIGHTED BROUGHT 2 YOU BY GEORGE SORIS & THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-tL6LXHaO4&feature=youtu.be&oref=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3Df-tL6LXHaO4%26feature%3Dyoutu.be&has_verified=1 …

If your answer to speech you don't like is violence against those speaking,  you might be a domestic terrorist.

If you have to keep saying to the news media,"that member was not sanctioned for those acts of violence ",you might be a domestic terrorist.
Restore voters rights and make it easy to register to vote! Stop gerrymandering!
So glad to see some #GOP -ers taking a stand. There's a LONG road ahead.
GOPe. FIFY.
YOU BETTER NOT VOTE TO CENSURE!! SC voted for Trump and expect you to honor that! You're up in 2020 and no promise from Clinton will help!
How would you have handled it, sir?  Racists bad, Antifa good?  Trump was RIGHT- Antifa is a violent, communist hate group.
your dad not pulling out is the biggest tragedy
Thank you, for speaking out. Please get rid of him and all other white supremacists in this administration.Its killing our country

If you think destroying art that makes you feel bad is protecting free speech, you might be a domestic terrorist.
I am sick and tired of you downing the president get behind him or you will not ever see a vote from me or my friends  again Lindsey Graham
You are out of touch and have lost any credibility. You are always playing politics and are apart of the swamp @POTUS  has denounced racism.
Next election, out you go!!!!
Lindsay Graham needs to be drained from the swamp. I will not support him again. He is John McCain Jr.
.You and your GOP friends should be helping the @POTUS agenda, not getting in the way. You're scared to stand up to criticism. Pathetic.
.Its time for you to be unemployed. You've stolen enough tax dollars over your career. You don't know how to govern, just complain.
It is time for Trump to either resign or for you guys to step up to the plate and protect the people of this nation remember constitution?
Our President handled it correctly. Go back and listen to how Obama handled the Dallas attack. The media was going to attack him no matter
You are receiving praise from Antifa and BLM which is worse.
The problem is the manner you are helping the MSM spread lies by twisting what was said. Condemn them all.
Senator: Condemn them all or your heart is the same as Charlottesville driver / murderer!
BLM, KKK, White Supremacy Groups, and AntiFA are all the same kind of domestic terrorist thugs!
Stop talking and do something abt the insane liar in chief and pick country over party!!
South Carolina voter here. You're finished. Voted for you in the past but never again. You've lost all 6 of my family's votes.
Hell he prolly lost Treys vote, that's who you all need in the Senate.
Bravo, its time y'all started stepping up!!
Yes Trump's a loathsome parasite. We citizens Tweet about the disasters he's perpetrated. But you have the power to do something patriotic
How many times does @POTUS have to condemn the hate in 2 yrs for you anti trumpers to LISTEN. #RememberSouthCarolina #DrainTheSwamp
You are working with the democrats and the media! You are part of the swamp that needs to be drained from Washington!
Unless you seriously consider impeachment, just shut it!
You've let this go on way too long
So much so I believe you are complicit
For what, being a private citizen who won an election despite DNC treachery...K get right on that.
The confrontations to take place.If they had done their jobs the counter protestors and Unite the Right never would have met!!!!!!!!
Also,don't forget the Mayor and McAullife who failed to honor a lawful permit and ordered the state police to stand down,thereby allowing
2 them.Stop virtue signaling.Facts matter and the many acts of violence were not caused solely by the small group of white supremacists.
GOP ARE COWARDS.  TRUMP IS THE PATRIOT get on board
Responsible for the majority of the violence.They rushed in to attack.I suggest you research ANTIFA,considering that you would be a Nazi
Charlottesville.Far leftists that despise free http://speech.One  man is responsible for the death.Two groups,Antifa and BLM are
At the rally was KKK or white supremacists. The majority were NOT.The same type of people that caused the riots in Berkeley were in

You simply don't understand that groups like BLM and ANTIFA were the cause of the majority of violence in Charlottesville and not everyone
Trump handled that tragedy perfectly.He never drew a "moral equivalency" between the KKK Neo Nazis White supremacists and Heather Heyer
POTUS cannot control people who praise him. Grow up.
#getbacktoworkslacker
@LindseyGrahamSC time to stop talking and DO SOMETHING!! #ImpeachTrumpNow #CountryOverParty #NoMoreTalk #TrumpisaRacist
Anything other than unadulterated praise puts him in revenge mode!
HE IS THE GRAND BUBA WHY COVER IT UP
DO SOMETHING!!
Pres was correct---from a Christian who KNOWS that all are God's children and color is irrelevant. shame on you
Just the DNC for what's left of you political career
These are the people demeaning our POTUS you POS RINO
You'll continue to receive my vote. Keep speaking out!
Please give us your views on #antifa Lindsey. They are one of the groups on the other side of the "both sides" Trump condemned.
Silence can be considered complicity Mr. Graham.
Bags, will cry and whine AND LIE!! OVER EVERY SYLLABLE THAT MAN MAKES!!!!
I AM ASHAMED OF YOU! HOW DARE YOU! TRUMP HAS HANDLED THIS GREAT! I NEVER HEARD OBAMA CALL OUT BLM ANTIFA, NO ONE, WHEN THEY DID ALL THAT
Jealous again ? You will be voted into the unemployment line next election.  You have shown your HATE ..draining the swamp
Lindsey your campaigning so early. Are you worried about something? How about the republicans put on their big boy pants and legislate
Mr Graham ..how many times does a man have to denounce something to be heard , my God man stand behind or elected President!
TRUMP ISN'T GOING ANYWHERE. YOU HAVE HANDLED YOURSELF LIKE A TRAITOR. LIKE THE TRAITOR, MCCAIN, YOUR BUDDY. WE ALL KNOW. AMERICA KNOWS.
This idiot Graham must be kicked out of his seat. Please vote for anyone who opposes this fool.He needs to go.

Ignoring the truth doesn't either. @POTUS & @FLOTUS were correct for calling racism & hate unacceptable  at any time https://twitter.com/704livin/status/898194375557218304 …
SAVE YOUR PARTY and IMPEACH HIM! says this registered Independent Voter of the USA!
For what? Give me evidence otherwise its nothing but a big lie.
YES THANKS FOR YOUR COURAGE
It is truly sickening Mr.Graham that you continue to play politic rather than being totally honest. Such a shame.
Senator Graham I doubt this president is capable of change, reign him in or cut him loose.
What the h*ll do you think this is Lindsey ? A popularity contest ? #Probably #Disgraceful
You just need to stop! You are one of THEM! Very disappointing!
No
Go retire lindsey.
thanks you for doing this sir!
You are officially my favorite Republican right now. Glad SC senators are willing to speak out. Don't let the schoolyard bully get to you.
So we will be watching for how "well done" your statement today condemning radical Islamic terrorists is.  History is indeed watching.
Stop with the b.s. already and be a man! Stop spreading the leftist propoganda!!!
@POTUS 's #neoNazi
proclivities are nothing new.
He's a #hate filled inveterate
#WhiteSupremacist. It'll only
get worse. #DoSomethingGOP
The counter protestors included avowed and dedicated anarchists. Do you therefore sir support ANARCHY?
To act, use the power of the Legislative Branch to stop the behavior of the Executive Branch. Call it as what it is...a Kakistocracy.
Or the most unscrupulous citizens. We are dangerously close to becoming this kind of government.  We need senior people from the Hill...(2)
Lee was in wrong side of history. It could be a learning park like they have in Rone
Rome
U know the ex gov of NC is right put up more statues of civil right people make it a history park walk by Lee say sherman burnt him.
You should go before a #tribunal for your #coverup in #congressional #CORRUPTION you are just a #publcity #seeker @LindsayGrahamSC
he won't fix it-your only options-25th amend or impeachment, or HURRY MUELLER-& your words, while nice are just words unless you take action
trust me, the commies and socialists hate the Prez.
Where is your leadership to get health care, tax reform, infrastructure, & border security passed in the senate? Do your job! You're failing
Actually he is finally saying what many of us are thinking! Now is the time for no more words, but instead"action" @GOP
And the rest of the world looks on with HORROR!
This is @TheDemocrats reply to #terrorattack https://wattsupwiththat.files.wordpress.com/2014/11/heads-in-sand.jpg …
Were you friends with R Byrd?  He was a KKK leader.  Did you disavow him?  And will u now?  Take his name from bldgs.?  Streets?  Do it.
so are you saying its wrong to call out ALL racists, even those on the left? the ppl you seem to represent, BLM,ANTIFA, KKK, all the same,
You are receiving praise from the violent left.  Go figure, Lindsey.
#lindseygraham stop jumping on the liberal bandwagon, don't u understand English
Mr. Graham just switch parties.  You sound more liberal than conserative.  The President spoke out against hate.  You are worse than media.
Last I checked, free speech is still granted by our Constitution, even for disgusting neo-Nazis.  They had permit whereas protesters didn't.
President Trump CLEARLY denounced KKK, Nazi, & White Supremacists; not enough for Lindsey.
Please do some work for the country and quit wasting our time with your hateful,biased opinions of The President.Nobody cares what you think
Lol he blamed both sides because both sides were fighting? But is catching heat for not singling out the white supremacists? Sounds racist
I am becoming aware of who really runs this county.  It's the Media.
Politicians cater to the media.  Yep.
BARCELONA IS HAPPENING, WHAT IS BEING DONE TO STOP IT? WORDS CANNOT, ACTION IS NEEDED. STOP SPREADING HATE!!!!!!!
REFUSE TO ACCEPT ISLAMIC RADICALISM. FYI ISIS CLAIMED RESPONSIBILITY
What else can one do? All of us have allowed this to happen and one man cannot fix it.  DOES EVERYONE NEED TO SPELL IT OUT!
Great idea #maga
Oh, Miss Lindsay, yoah positively beside yoahself! Too bad you didn't get the vapors about Trump during the caampayn and spoke out moah!
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump
Step up, admit your yield to hate/takedown of our Nation. Stop deflecting.
Senator Graham ... he will not fix anything, he's incapable and unwilling to do the right thing ! It is up to Congress to save us from him!
The GOP can run from your leader trump, but you cannot hide. Your names will be on ballots someday. Then you'll see where Americans stand.
Reminder:  1st amendment no one can control another's speech in America. The fact you suggest otherwise is freightening. You political hack.
Lindsay Graham....Panderer-In-Chief.
When Barack and you receive praise from BLM, ACORN, Rap artist who hate/kill Whites..where were You
What drivel, well Senator it seems that U R the one causing division in our country.
#JustLikeSMACK He been #putin #nazisinthewhitehouse if you support #racism then @YesYoureRacist #notmypresident #fdt http://www.reverbnation.com/open_graph/song/27048855 …
You are pouring gas on the fire.
I'm really disappointed that the media and all of us quite frankly for giving these hateful racists so much attention. This needs to stop
That's your party @LindseyGrahamSC - the party of hate, hypocrisy & greed. The man at the top is a reflection of everyone of u.
Better check you own party sweetie
@LindseyGrahamSC You're getting ready to be voted out! SC is tired of your rhetoric
Stop Lindsey you are making people sick!
Why r u tweeting instead of privately communicating? CYA is cowardice. GOP get ur act together & stop the left not the POTUS.
America and the world is proud of you senator
Bull s@@@
So what? Doesn't mean he agrees with them or supports them. Were you this hard on Obama when he praised BLM and those that supported that?
Senator please respect the president, you are playing into the left.
Thank you for standing up against the president on this.
Please impeach him and now since Pence supports him, Pence needs to go also!
Trump is receiving praise from his supporters where did not give umbrage to Democrat NAZI ANTIFA too What does ANTIFA stand for. Look it up
Will you join @SenateDems in censure? #Actionsspeaklouderthantweets #trumpcensure
Stopping my political beliefs with violence is the moral equivalence of Neo Nazis! U should be ashamed Sen. Graham defending BLM & Antifa.
BLM & Antifa blocked entrances to inauguration & burned cars. Believe I have no right to my political beliefs & to attend political events.
Lindsey Graham you and the GOP have to fix this. History is watching you and your peers. So far you've just watched...do something now.
Wait a sec, Lindsey has been testing the waters. He might be ready to make his move, #ImprickThePeach Mr. Graham
Did your phone quit working? If you have something to say call him. This is childish.
Your time is coming to an end tic toc tic toc
I'm ashamed you're my senator!!
How so? Condemning all sides for the chaos should be done . 1st & foremost, the Mayor who issued the permit for the KKK march.
Thank you standing up and directly calling out the evil that sits in the WH.  More of your Republican colleagues need to follow your lead.
ACT. If you do not act to remove this malignant narcissist there will be many more deaths. History will judge you as complicit&cowardly.
Enough already!!! You are pushing Hate!  Get to work n stop causing division. We're sick of it. If u want to be a dem. then go. #sickofurhte
HE DENOUNCED THEM..HOW WOULD YOU LIKE IT DONE??..I HEARD HIM DENOUNCING..U HAVE SELECTIVE HEARING!
What have you done to help? You support fascism when support the far left. Both extremes are bad and need to be addressed
You are one of the few voices that are trying to pull us out of the darkness,Trump the man is insane, I hope that Kelly resign in protest
This was soros and the medias fault not trumps
Mr Graham you think the Praise the president is getting is bad. It's fake. know what's real. The liberal democratic idiots that now love you
Talk is cheap @LindseyGrahamSC. You once stood up to Trump. Now you just complain. Do something real. Be a leader. Take action.#ImpeachTrump
Funny you get no praise. Dump Graham
Their praise is not real. Their praise is bait and you took it
No, he actually seems ashamed of how your President is acting. Keep tweeting like this and you will get called  Nazi.
What are you going to do?
Not because of President Trump's words, but because of what you were told he said. TRUST BUT VERIFY!! You failed to verify. @POTUS

8. We were there & brought concerns to head of VSP & the secretary of public safety. They did not respond.
How about u act like an honorable man & work to get rid of this Pres that is destroying our country. Not doing so is being complicit.
You do know Heather death and the Charlottesville tragedy are the same?

Your tweet honoring Miss Heyer was very nice and appropriate.  

Well done.  (2) https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/897834894822342656 …
