Please let us help! Fed contract employees whistleblower 4 year journal of Obamacare fraud! 

https://www.amazon.com/Hatched-Secret-Inside-Look-Affordable-ebook/dp/B0757CCJZR/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1504080725&sr=8-1&keywords=hatched+in+secret%3A …
Your promise to destroy my child's life is alive! Why won't you improve #ACA & why are you gutting Medicaid?
Remember when we talked? I told you kids like mine would die if #ACA is repealed & #Medicaid cut? Do you care?
That man could care less unfortunately sorry about these republican LIARS
True! He even asked me what a medically fragile child meant!! & he's drafting the next #healthcarebill WTF!?!?
Grrrrr........
#STFU
Erase all of Obama's failed agenda, job killing regulations, tepid economic growth. Obama a total failure. Obamacare doesn't work.
Just remember,  united  we stand,  divided we fall. With all these  great  minds in Washington, and no solution to medical  care  yet!
Shame. Your no Christian.
Sad!
Lindsey, you USED to stand as a modicum of reason among your extremists colleagues - Alas U have NO decency, NO moral grounding left; SHAME!
Hey Lindsey wouldn't it be super nice if all US citizens got the same insurance coverage as you?
That's the same as saying we should all have multiple houses, nice cars, etc. Congress' Ins is a benefit of the job. ACA focus = ind market
So taxpayers pay for Senators "job benefits", best healthcare there is, yet GOP wants to take away healthcare from 20 million people.
That # is based on ppl leaving the ind market voluntarily b/c no mandate. More than that many were forced to buy insurance b/c of ACA.
We didn't expect it was. Erasing a Black man's legacy is taking a little more time than you thought, isn't it? We see you Senator.
Lindsey, each passing moment you support Trump agenda + harm Obama legacy brings your dwindling reputation 2 the brink of everlasting shame
Could it be possible that opposition to Obama is based on his policies and not his race/hate?  Liberal doctrine says that can't be the case.
It could be but you just elected a president who actually used racial animus to get elected so let's say the lines are blurred.
I elected Trump?? We have a second-rate deal maker following a second-rate community organizer...made 2020 will be better!!!
If you didn't vote for him , good for you. I certainly didn't.
You also need to worry about Americans car companies sharing taxpayer funded technology with hostile China
Great. So you STILL want to take health care away from my disabled child? You're a peach 
leave our insurance alone in light of all these disasters you would even think of pulling this s___!
You have no plan other than to take healthcare away from millions. Repealing is signing your own suicide note
Senator, I held my nose and voted for Trump.  I couldn't vote for you because of your arrogance.  I'm ready for you and ur cohorts to go!
Trump's platform was to get rid of ACA ? Why vote for that?

Trump has thrown in with the Nazis/white supremacists/KKK & turning the presidency into a monarchy. GOP is doing nothing - I WILL REMEMBER!
2/2  dems at least vote as a block.
It should be.  Healthcare is a human right!
A privilege that you pay for
We pay into Medicare/Medicaid already. Kick up rate 2-3% & fund the insurance for all
Or slackers looking for a handout could get a job and pay for their hc. If they don't have hc garnish wages. Tired of supporting deadbeats
I grew up on a farm. I've worked since I was little. Never unemployed more than couple days. I'm retired. I do deserve healthcare.
No but your political career is
More bs from graham. Which of the do nothing GOP will vote no this time. Trump can get it done with the dems. 1/2
Kill it then, please
What was wrong with the way medical care was before  Obama came along  and messed  everything ? It was  either  is way or the  highway. Sham
How do we pull the plug on the life support? Is it really so hard to work on a bipartisan fix? Compromise Lindsey, we all have to do it.
GFYOURSELF!
 Stand strong LG!!!  The general public doesn't know the truth of this disaster but we do!!
Fed contract employees support repeal!
You are delusional. Insurance companies are dropping it left and right. Offering their own insurance. We're back where we started
I disagree, it's been dead for a while, but if you need a theme song
The senators refusing to fix Obama Care, sticking America with this imploding time bomb, forget election day will come.  America's watching
Obama  care is dead, why can't you all in Washington get together and  come out with  a plan? Instead of fighting, like  children, shame!
Allowing Obamacare to die for lack of funding is the height of irresponsibility.  The GOP should fix Obamacare and take credit for it.
Keep working to solidify your legacy of enabling a traitor.
It should be. Create something truly better. You don't have to rush on this complex issue. @realDonaldTrump won't be around much longer.
Please let it die, your ideas suck! 
@GOP told the American people, 'give us the power and Republicans will show you we can lead" = "If you like your doctor you get to keep your
@GOP will do more for DATA in the next few weeks then they have for the Middles_class the last 30 years.
Not to worry...you'll fail again as you've failed for the last 8 years.
So you are basically saying you and your cohorts are still jerks and basically out to ruin the lives of all of your constituents for $$$$
Linds just give it up.
It would be infinitely more dignified to try to fix the problems with Obamacare and stop trying to tear down a former US Presidents' legacy.
It should've already been done. Pass a full repeal first, forcing everyone to actually get to work on a sustainable & economically sound law
LINDSEY; IF REPUBLICANS CAN NOT REPEAL OBAMA CARE , YOU ASK FOR HEP FROM RUSSIA,  OR LEAVE IT TO THE DEMOCRATS THEY ARE VERY INTELLIGENT .
Can you just fix it instead of repeal?
Give up. Trying to kill Americans with your stupid games. Universal health care for all. Like real countries.
Who revived it?
It should be unless you work with dems. Dems will take care of us, you won't
That's too bad. Don't think you're listening to the American People

A chance to Get a new Playstation 4!
   http://bit.ly/2wNAAND  
Oh good God! Stop this repeal and replace nonsense! Do something productive and maybe work with some democrats.
What!! Are you convincing your buddy John and other GOP RINOs to change their mind?!!
No one cares about this right now.  Your focus should be on the recovery efforts for TX and FL.

Fix it! All Americans, not just the healthy, wealthy and young deserve healthcare!
Get your RINO buddy in line and get it done before end of December.  Just do it!
Please put it to bed and kill it.
If you imbeciles pass a permanent DACA fix, yet can't repeal ObamaCare, there will be a lot of R's that get primaried next year.
No, but your soul and moral compass is.
Shouldn't MCCain be home resting hard to believe the doctors are allowing to make descions in his condition and Iam not trying to be mean



Let me guess? @SenJohnMcCain is going to be the hero? Bahahahaha


17 heartless Republicans no surprise there smdh
Hey Lindsey u and McCain were 2 out of 17 Republicans that voted against the Harvey relief package u are heartless  monsters
It's gone. Let it go. Unless you come up with something spactacular, it's gone. Republican's are good at destroying, not creating
Get it done!
Work with both sides. Then you might come up with a good option.
How about prioritizing? You probably have some lap boy time coming with DJT. You know you can't make him happy all of the time!!!
GOP shOuld have taken care of this 6 months ago. Prepare to get voted out. Plenty of folks can do this job in Service to County. Pathetic
Why don't you all do something productive?
Pls spare us...  GOP can't get anything done.  Keep posturing as that's what you all do best.
Why? Did you get your republican traitor friend to sit this one out?
it's a zombie, which is an apt metaphor for the GOP itself.
Your on a sinking ship Trump is destroying your party and Anerica step up put and first
Here we go again with killing people because you think you know what's best ask the people we want universal health
7 1/2 frigging years uve been talking about it. 7 1/2 YEARS!! THIS IS RIDICULOUS. GET IT DONE!!! #TermLimits
Wish I had a job where, for 7 1/2 years  I could talk about doing something, never really do anything, and still HAVE THE JOB!!
It should be!
Excellent....please REPEAL & replace Obamacare! @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr @RepMarkMeadows @SenTedCruz @RandPaul @BreitbartNews
Please don't run the next time.
Not good for America or your constituents. Shame on you! The bipartisan group has much better ideas.
It should be! Why doesn't Congress do what's right and just fix ACA so it succeeds? Stop this partisan game playing. ACA can work!
Wrong again. Give it up, Lindsey. The Republican Party, however, is on life support.
Nope. It's dead. Insurance ran out.
Zombie morons continue to prowl in Congress.  Time to move on.
Work with Dems to fix healthcare. Get off the Repeal and Replace bandwagon. That, Mr. Senator, is quite dead!
Why is health care so difficult-just give us the same coverage that you all get-WAIT I FORGOT- we r not the fortunate ones- as the song goes
Really? Ask your Rino buddy McCain. I'm sure you two had plans.
Ha ha
History will judge you harshly
If you don't repeal it, your majorities in the House & Senate ARE completely dead.
It just smells funny.
No..but your lackluster career is bout to die
Give up
Your ongoing efforts to repeal and weaken the ACA would seem to ensure that you support the concept that more Americans will end up "dead."
it should be. Taxes and infrastructure are more urgent
But we'd all like it to be. 
@hargis_michael @weeklystandard well it Damn well should be.
Yeah, but we don't want the edges nipped at.....we want it gone, and start with a blank slate.....damn it.....
It was ur buddy McCain that back-stabbed us on repeal & replace! Another thing Lindsey we voted overwhelmingly 2 end DACA! Do we not count?
Sucking the orange again. 
Have you come up with a reasonable alternative to lower costs yet? You must either fix the market failure or move on to single payer.
You and your friend McCain had 7 years to do something, but you was too busy being mavericks and opposing everything, DO NOTHING Senators.
First thing I've agreed with you on. Force repeal. Get it done. NO EXCUSES.
You and the other @GOP liberals are already exposed as complicit in protecting the Obama legacy you supposedly despised.
Cut your BS
#MAGA
No one should be allowed to vote who hasn't raised kids, paid taxes and been productive to society !
Armies of parasitic, snowflake socialist kids commenting here.
@realDonaldTrump deal w demos reflects the president I hoped you would be. Plz continue to push for bipartisan solutions.
With new bipartisan push by POTUS can be done.
What are your plans to expedite action?
GOOD, from a pissed of Republican !!!
Meanwhile, Lindsey, the healthcare marketplace is becoming progressively more unstable. MODIFY AND IMPROVE ACA. Be a leader.
Thanks for the heads up I'll be making my phone calls. #healthcare #Medicaid
Unless it's a vampire It's Dead !
Unfortunately, all Senate credibility is dead and buried
it shld be Lindsey....larger majority of population want to keep it...not sure why u don't understand that
It's dead
All due respect Senator, ready for action, all elected officials need to do what we elected them to do, you ALL for the public
Seems many replying to your message are content to watch their fellow Americans pay sky rocketing premiums. @RickSantorum has good plan.
Get it done
Fix it instead. Listen to the people and not just the ones who vote in GOP primaries.
Just STOP already. What's wrong with you?
Why are you so eager to take away so many people's healthcare?
I think it is dead. Republicans cannot legislate
There is no expiration on working on a bi-partisan solution to improving the ACA. Time for GOP to stop acting like political hacks? bigly!!!
Seriously, it's time to stop and move on to other things.
But it should be... go buy yourself a heart. Or a conscience.
Bad ideas die hard. Trump w/negotiate it staying in some way w/Dems. Voters now get that the ACA isn't that bad. You're irrelevant, LG!
stop this nonsense. Fix the ACA. Do it #bipartisan and stop playing games with American lives
Please stop. Haven't you heard the people?Haven't you seen the fear in family's eyes when confronted with these proposals?Improve not repeal
We all want the healthcare disaster fixed, but your collective hate-obsession with aca has you transfixed.
Just make sure it's replaced by something better. More coverage, lower deductables and lower premiums. Sick and elderly should not pay more.
your credibility is dead tho so not sure who you expect to buy any of this crap
"He'll be stone dead in a moment""
"I'm feeling better..."
Make it happen
I hope to god that your party is dead after all that you psychopaths are doing to hurt the county and the planet
Crap. It's like that stupid ass clown in It. Anyone got a silver rock?
The repeal of the ACA will be your party's undoing.  Americans will remember this in 2018.
Ugh.  Stop.
You can't have a party in power where 1/2 the officials are either racist,sexist,or not bothered by it,& expect to pass  laws opposed by 70%
If you had something to replace it with that doesn't harm millions, fine. But you don't, so work on that.
No insurance for us. Thanks a lot Mud.
We know you take enjoyment in killing people. Taking health care away is a murder. Just pause & think.

You can't have a party in power where half the officials are either racist,sexist,or not bothered by it,& expect to have the world's respect
You can't have a party in power where half the officials are either racist,sexist,or not bothered by it,and expect to have a strong military
This is my son after 10 1/2 months in hospital fighting brain cancer. #ACA  saved his life. He is in college now. Ur bill could kill him.
It should be. Work with Dems to improve ACA, not sabotage it. Lives are at stake.
Thanks for this reminder that once again I will need to spend time panicking over my children's health insurance for 2018
sonuvabitch, you guys, STOP TRYING TO KILL US.
Quit being a clown and move on from this stupid crusade. There is other work to be done
Tell senile John McCain to stay home
But there will be plenty of dead...
Republicans will never give up on trying to deny health care to those with less means.
That's great! You should replace it w/ universal health care, which will allow Americans to start our own businesses w/o risking our lives.
Xhope you know tax payers going to pay for that good luck starting a business with 40% tax
Universal healthcare.
Of course it isn't, because pieces of 's like you still exist. Like @realDonaldTrump, it's your mission to do harm to Americans.
You are delusional....
Unlike those who would lose health insurance
Go england an see what that looks like tax payers will have to pay out the ass stupid idea
Talk to a Democrat. Have lunch with a Democrat, fix it, don't get rid of ACA. That's what America wants. It's not rocket science #Trumpcare
It should be the FIX AND IMPROVE of the ACA. Lets stop politicizing Health care and care for the people.
I hope you in Congress can quit obstruction and do something for all the citizens. Stop talking and get to work!
The congress better get their shit together soon, your voters are watching and 2018 elections are coming fast.
You're nothing more than a human windsock
#shamefulrepublicans
Give it up Lindsey! You too @SenJohnMcCain. Show some modicum of intelligence and work with dems to fix ACA. Better yet: Medicare for all.
If they refuse single pay, fix. Every new program has issues. Tweek so program works. Keep tweeking until issues are no longer.
Lindsey pushing legislation that has 17% approval is not what you were sent there to do. Work for Americans damnit.
The fordable care act just needs to be fixed Obama care Republican calls and fix it dammit
The article made several good points as to why"it absolutely should pass."Thank you for your hard work to do what the GOP promised.
They promised to kill us?
Yes.

Let it be. Work together to make something good for all of us. Just once. Make a miracle in 2017.
you guys really hate us, don't you?
Make your nit wit buddy McCain keep his campaign promise to appeal it! That jackass should be in jail
It should be.  There's a better, bipartisan way.  @JohnKasich
lying back stabbing traitor trying to keep people from knowing he took a bribe from Clinton foundation
Why don't you just fix ACA! Call it TrumpMed. I'm sure Obama won't care
It is for this fiscal year.
