Reading Cassidy-Graham, surprised at how much it does to dismantle ACA. Goes much further than AHCA, BCRA. 

https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/8/1/16074746/cassidy-graham-obamacare-repeal …
Wow! THANK YOU! You mean we can complain to all the LOCAL Republicans who, like you, are in the pockets of the LOCAL healthcare industry!
My state reps don't listen any better than my national reps
Graham doesn't even listen! Told us at his Town Halls that he "can make us as mad as he wants" because "he'll just keep getting elected."
Sounds like some1 who has  hackers at the ready. We kno he took laundered rubles from putin,so of course he's gonna cheat-just like trump

#TrumpLeaks Docs: Sen Lindsey Graham's super PAC took $800,000 from a pro-Putin Ukrainian businessman in 2015

…
Ugggggh. Really, Lindsey?!?!?
And that's just what we know. Folks are still digging,what's coming out about @SenateMajLdr &wife is sickening

1. Why Mitch McConnell is sabotaging Russia investigation–dark money trail leads right to him–Blavatnikis pals with Putin crony Vekselberg https://twitter.com/funder/status/854497814210064384 …
Are you going to eliminate your FREE mini-hospital inside the Capitol? Where you get FREE HEALTHCARE in addition to your 74% gov subsidies?
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC I don't know if @indivisible_sc is a physician, but he/she is more qualified than you regarding healthcare. Listen up.
TY. No MD. But 3 law degrees. A Masters of Communication. And a Triple PhD in Bullsh*t Detection.
@sarahkliff @voxdotcom There is actually research on this. Reps listen to donors and well off, but not working class. 1
Who of course are the people who would be most quickly hurt by repeal. So you are wrong. 2.
"Obamacare bureaucrats?" Who are you kidding?! All MoCs HAVE Obamacare. Choice of 57 Gold Tier Plans. 74% gov subsidies of your premiums.
You don't listen to us now.  Why should we believe that will change?
Are you going to eliminate MoCs FREE HEALTHCARE ON ANY MILITARY BASE that taxpayers give you?! Are these the "choices" you're talking about?
FOR ONCE I AGREE WITH YOU.
PUT IT ALL BACK TO THE STATES.
ONLY FULL REPEAL OF OCARE!
(maybe you can clue GOP leadership in as well).
If gving hard-working Americans a voice was important we wouldn't have Govt. of any flavor involved in healthcare. Govt. is the problem!
You have got to be kidding! Flip-flop, flip-flop. Talk to the Rep gov of Utah? Chaffetz & Lee come from here. Just stupid. 
I live in a republican area my representatives don't listen and certainly our congresswoman McMorris Rodgers doesn't, we like the ACA.
@realDonaldTrump is useless. @BillCassidy and @LindseyGrahamSC  need to do the work of the people. Figure out health care, stop hiding.
#GrahamCassidy how will complaining provide better health care?? Get out of the politics and do your job. Figure out health care, Dr Cassidy
@sarahkliff @voxdotcom And "Obamacare bureaucrats" is meaningless bullshit and you know it.
Did you see what BCBS in SC had to say about your plan today?  Huge rate increases.  That's what!  No!!!!
Senator, all due respect but your plan is a POS.
Obama was YOUR president. You hate conservatism.
Senator you don't know what you are talking about. Why don't you try representing your constituents for a change!
Miss Lindsay, Do you think we're so damn stupid that we believe this? Regards, a veteran who finds you to be rather disappointing
Doesn't do any good to complain. Your constituents complain to you, and you simply ignore them.
That has been my experience too. They send condescending emails that basically say not to worry my little head about it, they are in charge.
Graham and Scott don't know how to deal with their constituents other than to belittle them.
@LindseyGrahamSC and @SenatorTimScott are partisan hacks and @realDonaldTrump apologists! @SecBetsyDeVosED  @AGJeffBSessions 
Don't take away my family's health insurance you conniving Republicans. Trump is a scoundrel
Small hint- they didn't have to complain about ACA.
(1)So you will listen & support my endeavors to change the "Corridor of Shame" to the Corridor of Change"? @TheCorridorSC or @kimberlykluge

People don't use that word enough in my opinion.
We should use it every day. It's all around us.
"Gormless" doesn't get enough attention either, and its possible to be both feckless and gormless simultaneously.
How about you listen NOW and stop taking away our healthcare? Like we won't notice when #healthcare is worse? #GOP Is To Blame
This is DOA sorry to say I'm in Seattle so Cleary nobody will ever listen & yes I have tried. I speak from Exp. you will need a magic wand!
For GOP to hear your complaints, you have to yell into their belly button. Their heads stuck so far up their *sses, that's where ears are.
Just like we complained to you about DeVos, Sessions, REPAIRING ACA, 25thAmendment/impeachment of @realDonaldTrump ?!?!?!
Giving power to the states won't work. It will complicate healthcare regulation as each jurisdiction will implement different rules.
Further state power switches often from Dems to Reps, which means that we may have 4 yrs of Obamacare like coverage to TrumpCare.
Playing with people's health for political gains will become worst. Anyhow, the rules need to be federal & it must protect the patient.
In short, Obamacare is perfect. Fix it.
Are you kidding, Obamacare is a high priced insurance policy not healthcare. Doesn't fix healthcare problems and never will. #repeal/replace
you don't give a darn about the 400 million with no insurance premiums doubled and tripled.Refugees and low income are the only ones left
the quality of Hc you receive will depend on the quality of your governor...some states will have great care; in others it will be awful
And Louisiana.
quality of care will be especially poor in southern and some midwestern state...would NOT want to live in MIssissippi or W Va
Funny, no one picked up the phone when I called your office last week.
Funny, your two mail boxes are always full!
What is the CBO score of GrahamCassidy? You want to mask the issue by giving Trumpcare a new name. We are vigilant so don't try to fool us!
The time for slamming the Obama administration is over.  It's not helping anyone and it's irritating people.  Let's move forward.
Wrong . Don't make broad statements. It doesn't help
Along with "trickle down," idea that state and local governments are more responsive is one of the most unfounded yet enduring GOP beliefs.
No, they won't. Single payer.
Would you like to see the last response I got from my state rep? It was in comic sans, lacked completed sentences, was one long paragraph...
Lindsey Graham is delusional. He & Cassidy know what states like LA & SC will do with block grants--little to nothing.
You are a joke a total RINO, get out of our Party!
@sarahkliff @voxdotcom They will listen? Bullshit.
You need to get on board with America and work with Dems to make Obamacare better
I've been complaining for months to my elected officials, incl. you, and you haven't listened one bit. Not exactly a model of customer svc.
You have yet to listen.
Your propaganda terms are proof you're party over people. Don't waste our time.
You're right that some of the fed gov't won't listen: You and Cassidy just voted for a healthcare bill with <20% approval!
Why don't you stop complaining & get to work. Stop bashing Trump! Sore loser. Drain the swamp!!
Keep it up, Senator! If you can get key governors to come out and publicly support this (letter, press conf., etc.), you may have a winner!
Mighty Mouse tactic: Here I come to save the day!  A little tardy, eh?  Just get it done - you've had 7 yrs to roll out your plan.
booooooooooo.
Rep Joe "you lie" Wilson SC-2 won't listen. He won't even have town halls here anymore because the last one dared to challenge him.
Im gratified that you care so much about my HC, that the Tax's from your Donors Pay.1% of the Vote Lindsey, SC GOP Swamp Party.
Is atrocious u r doing this. Move on. Pres does not have peoples' backs. Leave health care 2 bipart solution. Not ram down country's throat.
@BenSasse @SenatorBurr @SenatorCollins @robportman @SenDeanHeller @JeffFlake So now what?
Get it done! I support your plan.
Well when I'm dying from my cancer bcuz you've made sure I can't afford insurance I'll be sure to be thankful I can complain locally!  #Ass
Sounds like passing the buck.
In South Carolina, Richard Quinn doesn't listen.
A house with cracks in the walls and ceiling means the foundation needs leveling. Do not tear the house down; you FIX the foundation! #ACA
Lindsey, this is a message from Texas...thank you for finally choosing to stand up against the barbarism of Trump. Please continue
They will listen to the money that's all
Problem is they still want us to send our money to Washington so they can redistribute back to states. Wasted time/money, effort. Dishonest
Who are the "Obamacare bureaucrats" ? Do you have their number? BTW It's the Affordable Care Act. My Gov. may listen, doesn't mean change
You, Dean Heller & 2 other Republicans are the ones that are trying to stop the grants to healthcare! POS
Same ol' dodge, push the burden down to states, then funding disappears Americans lose in the end to cons con game
Are you a human being?why are only interested in killing human beings.will you like it if your country is bombed killing thousands, be human
You represent more than state you represent!  When one party is in control of all 3 branches!and male in the oval didn't win popular vote
Oh for crying out loud, Linds. YOUR office is lovely. Many county offices in SC? Mayberry but mean+spiteful.
Can't believe your provocative statement on North Korea - damn glad you didn't become president. Please stop- dangerous
wow this tweet from you had a better effect than my usual 3 cups of coffee.They don't listen any better than you.Where are you from?MOVE ON.
How much more humiliation & embarrassment can u guys take? Trump delivers one scandal after another. U stick with him, you go down with him.
Let me be clear. Get rid of trump, u still keep Penece & congress. Re-Program your base, erase trump done! What do you have to lose?
Did @POTUS authorized you to speak with NBC about what he said? Or you are a LEAKER?
I'd like to complain that SC didn't accept federal subsidies and made residents pay more

https://thinkprogress.org/south-carolina-gov-haley-rejects-millions-of-federal-dollars-to-help-state-create-health-care-3e4eda70a8d4 …
Remember how 19 states' representatives and governors denied Medicaid expansion to their constituents purely out of spite?
If you're even half-human, should strike you as wrong a person can pay ins. for X years straight and have nothing but savings to burn.
But public healthcare isn't the answer. Your challenge is to stop fattening the heads of Aetna and BlueShield and getting money to doctors.
By comparison, the systems in places like England where private and public HC coexist have managed to constrain the amount of blood sucking
The system survives on the fact that the only other guy in this sector wears a cloak and wields a scythe.
It's a myth that most of your premium is paying for treatment of other people, most of it might as well be buying cuban cigars for HC execs.
Today's healthcare insurance industry is a *cancer* bleeding the American people dry. Deductibles, copays, pre-exist, etc: only in the USA.
(8) #EducationForAll
(7) This is life-changing this will be & change the negative stigma of SC. I'm leading and hope you will follow. #corridorofshame #Education
Insurers will love the idea of 52 subscriber states. They'll be excited to customize your individual plans. $r$e$d$ $t$a$p$e$.
(6) Please work with me to end this cycle, and offer them the chance to be equals with everyone else. Can I count you as #ALLIN ?
(5) I hope to raise enough to help them start the school year with HOPE & establishing this as a non-profit. They deserve equal treatment.
(4) hope to have it up tomorrow sometime. I'm leading b/c no other politician will, but you know they need help, @LindseyGrahamSC
I do declare as you clutch your pearls, Lindsey, we WANT YOU and the rest of your complicit band OUT. You do not represent this country.
(3) donating money, gift cards, or supplies to these kids in OUR State, making it our responsibility. I'm setting up a GoFundMe &
(2) Tax-free weekend is coming up this weekend and it would set a great example for our state & nation if you show support by
Your naivete as to how insurers work is so very saddening :(
Don't and won't? I thought you were better than that.
My main complaint, you're a Coward. Or a Democrat. You lied to ALL Republicans, and you're pitching a fit cuz Trump called you out. 
why should we beleive that? Representatives havent listened to the people in decades.
I complain to my state reps & governor all the time. Y'all still don't listen & I doubt your bill is going to change that. #sctweets
What!? You are the beaurcrat who won't listen about Obamacare!
What about the nixing the individual & employer mandates="taxes". Removing the "tax" on medical devices. #LowerTaxesToo
You are supposed to fix the problem, not amplify the problem.
Fix the ACA don't repeal.
We have a president in Donald J @realDonaldTrump Who will listen to  us! Don't need you.
What scares me the most is that YOU say Trump will kill them.  Do you know the destruction of Hiroshima? And you are not up in arms? ...
You are as scary has Trump.  The people there have done nothing to you, me or us and you would still NOT stand up to this monster!
You know what senator you are an absolute #Fraud! Just watched video of you saying the skinny bill was a disaster then you voted yes for it
Government at any level should not have a Damn thing to do with the Citizens health. You are a complete smart ass looking for votes
Why did you say the trump crap care bill was terrible?  but still, Sen.Graham-"Yea"-  SHILL
GOP silence is DEAFENING

Trump hasn't signed sanctions
Mueller still fireable
Kushner has clearance
Sessions is AG
No DHS head
#TrumpRussia
When are we going to war with North Korea? Sure they'll most likely take out South Korea and Japan but hey, your war buddies will get rich.
Mr. Graham - your governor/ state rep will listen and the others wouldn't? Please, rethink your words. Rep. govt isn't known for listening.
We need Obamacare replaced to help with health insurance and legalize marijuana to stop opioid epidemic
You need to retire! All you do is have a frown on your face and you do something different than what you say! Please step down
State Reps and Governors can't make non-existent federal funds magically appear, Lindsey. Your bill destroys everything. #SaveACA #NoRepeal
DEE DUM. Keep singing that song.  Why is it that u think the USA is so superior that healthcare for all is not rationale?
We can complain day in and day out how pathetic a prez we have and nobody seems to listen either..pathological liar, obstructionist, traitor
lets be clear u have not right to take human beings medical insurance away fix it now no more BS
Hows that working for the road situation in SC
Well she just had a complaint and so do I! Medicare for all.
Oh lord. You're starting to sound like trump
With #GrahamCassidy you two Trump Flunkys can focus on washing one of Trump's testicles at a time
You know well @LindseyGrahamSC that our SC reps don't listen. They barely fund our roads, didn't accept ACA subsidies. That's delusional.
Work on getting the thug and conman destroying the world, lying&obstruction of justice right in the face of the country, how much is enough!
It's a shame that the WH has been at an all time low in history.This WH is disgraceful, disrespectful & lies everyday breaking news of lies
Do something losers! Vote & campaign on repeal & replace. U &  @SenateMajLdr need to be repealed & replaced! #rhinos
Shame on you. Your personal history should make you exquisitely sensitive to those who are in need.
The voters will remove you if you remove ACA. Fix it & they'll forgive you for not repealing.
Maybe U can complain, but the Federal government still will control the purse strings. @LindseyGrahamSC  work for a fix on Obamacare wDems
Sen. L Graham "troubled" about Trump obstructing Justice. But not enough 2 do anything. Yet led impeachment vs. Clinton for lying about sex
I've complained often to @LindseyGrahamSC  - he seldom listens.
You mean McMaster who led the law suit to allow states to decline Medicaid and undermine the ACA? 
They don't listen to their constituents now, unless they have the money to hire a lobbyist ...
What would be any different?
What a ridiculous claim. You act as if all federal employees are losers. I can think of two: Trump and you.
maybe you should make sure the sick are cared for before you work out ways for them to bitch when they're not.
Using the term bureaucrat like its a slur?  By your definition soldiers in our military are bureaucrats, no?
Dismantling is not the issue.  Creating a HC that actually includes all matters. Your bill is no better than Trumps deathbill. As far as...
complaining to Rep, Senators, Govs thats fake news.  They don't answer & very rarely reply unless your praising them.  So NO to your bill.
"The highest attainable standard of health is a fundamental right of every human being." UN declaration of human rights.
Nor would AHCA bureaucrats!
Funny stuff. You have no plan at all.
There will be states with fascist governors like Kansas that will take the block grants and give it to big business!
Give up the anti Obama mantra already. It makes you look old.
Hah, I have been complaining for months and haven't seen @LindseyGrahamSC listen once. More like he ignores the people living in his state.
Huh? Wow. And you think this sounds like a selling point and makes it better? Get a freaking clue. NO, NEVER, NADA. We don't want it!
Would you stop already with the tired old lies about the ACA??  LEAVE OUR HEALTH CARE ALONE!!
.@LindseyGrahamSC we don't want states involved in our healthcare. They don't listen any bettet than federal- probably less.
They don't listen now, @LindseyGrahamSC  What in the world makes you think they'd listen then?
@sarahkliff @voxdotcom you didn't listen to your constituents during Columbia townhall. Fix ACA!
Seriously?  Work with Dems to fix Obamacare.
I call bullshit
I think the last seven months have proven beyond a doubt that our state representatives and gov don't listen to us at all. #NoGrahamCassidy
If it's not bipartisan, I don't trust it.  That simple!
what? are you kidding me how many times have i asked/emailed or called your office in dc & gville & got no answer left a message or got a no
 
WTF is wrong with you? I can’t complain to my reps and governor now? Have you not heard of Resistbot?
Here a complaint, your party is falling apart and you know it bad when Kid Rock is running for a Republican Senate seat .
Sir I don't know what it is going to take for you to get over your Obama hate and realize the majority ARE NOT WITH YOU.  The ACA is law.
Not in Oklahoma!
Total hooey. If the state is run poorly and economically in trouble just how well will healthcare be doled out. Shame on you. Tell the truth
We complain to you now and you don't listen.
Nope
GOP at state level no more responsive than are reps in House & Senate. Always respond to your donors, tho. Don't dismantle #FixACA
You haven't heard a word yet ...
I totally agree with your "block grants" for states idea. Healthcare decisions need to be far removed from the Federal Gov't.No Single payer
Why don't you come have a town hall in Spartanburg? We deserve to have one, we pay you salary.
Really? Because I find @clairecmc listens quite well and you on the other hand are trying to kill people by repealing ACA coverage.
I hope whatever intern is monitoring this account passes along that we're all terrified of this bill. Represent the people, not the party.
And here in SC, crooked Hugh Leatherman would find a way to control the whole thing. And the people would be screwed.
What a load of crap. You obviously do not listen to your constituents.Improve the ACA-work with Dems like big boys. #SaveACA #TrumpCareKills
Ok #GrahamCassidy we're going to give "U" healthcare under the veterans administration!So the next time u get sick go to your local VaHosp!
Too bad Congress doesn't listen. Sad.
Good point The closer health care to people(states), the better. States must have high level of delivery responsibility Otherwise won't work
That's funny cause I know a bunch of us have been voicing concern and outrage for MONTHS and you have done literally the opposite.
LOL
Now work across the aisle and do what 75% of Americans including 51% of republicans want.....FIX ACA!
Rhinos passing th buck
My governor oversaw a historic medicare fraud. You want us to go to him with our concerns about how health insurance is administered?
It shouldn't take a hashtag for you to listen to us. #GrahamCassidy
Are you naive or dense #GrahamCassidy?!Our Reps&governor don't listen to us now!What makes you think they're going 2 when u give them money?
Typing this ridiculous response should have triggered some doubt that maybe your bill is absolute garbage and you should try again.
I am actually amazed that an adult, elected to represent a state, could say this without incredible shame.
Why would your state listen to you? That in and of itself is not a valid justification for this bill.
, there is increasing concern that the president will refuse to fund theCSRs. This fixesnothing and only hurts people
No need to answer Lindsey.
