You do realize that conservatives like free markets, right? He is being true conservative.
You know what's "worthless," Mr. Adolf? Your racist, white supremacist belief system.
so reagan was worthless conservative? As are sowell, friedman, buckley? Name me a conservative anti free trade
why do you hate?
How about you propose an alternative then? $60B annual deficit is unsustainable & destroying our country. You've done nada
How can u use the handle Common Sense and yet fail to see what the trade deficit is?
how can u question what someone knows or doesn't know? Where's your evidence 4 your "claims"?
Lets start from the beginning, what countries are in the top 2 for importing American goods?
irrelevant to term "Trade Deficit"
what do tou think it means?
"60B dollars" aka what your/our @POTUS has repeatedly stated. U dispute that, provide substantive evidence.
again, what does the trade deficit mean?
I may disagree with you on some issues, but thanks for speaking up with Americans in mind, not the party line. 
USA accounts for 80% of Mexico's exports; Mexico accounts for 16% of USA's. USA has mucho leverage in negotiations.
Tariffs will only hurt Americans with increased prices though.
I agree but Mexico won't let it get that far. They have too much to lose. We can survive w/o their oil, auto parts, avocados & tequila.
they underestimate how much food comes from Mexico.
Do we really want to see a 20% spike in most produce prices? http://www.thepacker.com/fruit-vegetable-news/Mexico-dominates-US-fresh-produce-imports-201449021.html …
grow your own
sorry senator we need tariffs any house cleaning gets worse before it gets better we can handle it mex should step up
Apparently nobody carried out a cost-benefit analysis of Trump's policies, and I use that term loosely. #StrangeNewWorld
Doesn't it seem a bit much to put up that wall when fewer Mexicans are coming to the US?
// La razón no aplica con Trump. Él ¿piensa? con el hígado, no con el cerebro. Eso es parte del problema.
Eso es verdad (sorry, don't speak a lot of Spanish!)
// 
it's Donald
say it loud, say it often
start getting scared cause Donald the Authoritarian is out of control. U guys aren't even gonna know what he's up to
why the focus on border security, when studies show immigration from Mexico has declined?
Facts don't matter. Beliefs do.
PLEASE SAVE US FROM THIS LUNATIC.
Insanity Sir.
seems need some economic education?
Maybe it's time for Trump to pay HIS share of income taxes! At the very least, he should be made to comply. He's a fraud.
Almost every country in the world charges tariffs, but USA. We are tired of being taken advantage of by #GlobalistsElites!
thank you. Country before Party
vote against Sessions and Tillerson. Worried about executive order on immigration
I don't think most Trump voters even know that we export goods to Mexico
thank you. Keep intelligence coming! !
I am a democrat who appreciates your courage and intelligence.
Doing everything in your power to hand power back to Dems... this is why GOPe is hated by grassroots...
Senator Graham, thanks for speaking up and not endorsing Trump. We hope you will continue to oppose him as necessary.
So far it's looking like Lindsey Graham's the only clearly sane member of the Senate.
Will you say this to Trumps face?
ha....of course he will
You & 'Songbird' McCain prefer to support illegal aliens, 'cut' their welfare, NO more anchors, savings will pay for wall!
Thank you sir for being a GOP voice of Reason.  You might want to consider 2020.  I can be swayed.
@philswib I agree . Phil I think eventually this tariff idea will be shot down
@cnn WHO PAYS THAT TAX AMIGO? The American people, and WE WILL NOT PAY FOR THAT F > > > ING WALL!!! #thinkhard #lead
@tthbaker and border traffic is at a 40 year low.$16 billion should be spent on health care and education for citizens
Academic models of free trade have failed.We have the deficit,not Mexico so trade impairment favors USA
Sounds awesome @LindseyGrahamSC.

Are you going to get Mexico to drop the VAT on US goods?
And the exit tax?
@lrozen
VAT is the equivalent of sales tax, and it's for everything. Are you proposing we drop sales tax in the US?
It is not the same as sales tax.

Structure completely different.

For foreign producers without input rebates it acts as a tariff
The main thrust is that VAT is applied to both domestic and imported goods, so it not a protectionist measure
The only shelter for the foreign competitor is if their government pays the VAT for them. US Companies can deduct the VAT ...
What would happen if @LindseyGrahamSC & @SenJohnMcCain changed party; for a while. And impeached the incompetent egomaniac #LiarInChief
Turn that around. What we do not need is a border wall. Democracies do not need those.
@therealmctasty news flash. There is no border problem and ur government is operating off of conspiracy theories
Usually taxes are paid by citizens. Be careful Donald, US citizens are not to blame for your ego.
// La soberbia de Trump es lo que lo mata. Pobres estadunidenses. 
20% tax on Mexico = higher cost of US goods = INFLATION! (and less US jobs) #Economics101
Not sure you factored in reduction in corporate tax and regulations for US companies
Ryan clearly has a plan, but Spicer stepped all over it yesterday by calling it a tariff
1% @LindseyGrahamSC on the wrong side of the issue again. When push comes to shove, the Mexican economy will be crushed without the USA.
@GroomB nothing is written in stone.
You think trump doesn't know this? It's his play... Mexico is in bad spot. They will have no choice but to play along.
Terrible burden to border states
@jsherman39 Related: http://gonzoecon.com/2016/11/a-plea-to-my-fellow-economists/ …
Business has already gone down since Trump did that. We could be in for a second great depression.
thank you, Mr. Graham, for being a voice of reason...from a grateful Democrat
you're one of the only conservatives that's not bending over & spreading your ass for Trump.  Thank you, good sir.
. They and other countries our product imports, we need to stop trade deficits!
Tell the village idiot!
That's what the World believes he looks like NOW!
and those mythical jobs still won't return. See I agree with someone that has sane diff views in politics #TrySomethingNew
They already put tariffs on us. Why not 2 ways???
other than Petroleum,Mexico's top USA imports r cars,trucks&computers(jobs stolen from the USA!!)Support @realDonaldTrump
@fgtexan stop over thinking it they haven't been paying taxes for years but have been charging then it's only fair
thank you for being reasonable
No problemo - just #BoycottMadeInMexico BRING IT!!!!!
@soledadobrien Factor Mexico trade w/ Canada using US routes. Also, US can replace trade with other countries more easily
You haven't been to Vancouver Harbour recently then. Or Vancouver International Airport.
Only an idiot would not understand Mexico can retaliate! The rest of congress needs to speak against Trump and his idiocy!
say hello to the 1930's. And you know that wall is stupid waste of resources. I am a GOP'er. Please you&McC fight this guy
pls don't waste my $$ on a wall..
- when are you going to boot this bozo from the White House?  Is this the party of Lincoln?  I think not.
70% + of Americans do not want to pay for an ineffective, ridiculous, expensive wall, and did not vote for it. Madness.
Mr Graham. We may disagree on many things, but thank you for being a sane voice in this fear mongering time.
Trump is the guy for whom the term "dumb as a box of hammers" was coined.
Hurry do something paperwork already filed for California to try and succeed!!!!! What state will be next
must make arrangements w/Mexico far more advantageous for America. Yes to tariffs. Yes to border and drug control. No 2 politics as usual!!!
Thank you for standing up to this Administration. We need more Republicans that will speak their conscience.
Keep up the sanity, Senator Graham. It is in short supply right now.
I appretiate you chiming in, your opinion is great.
amen double amen. Not on our backs
I find it very hard to believe any GOP goes along with this but they aren't same party anymore. Trump rules now.
Sen. Graham thank you!  Stop the nonsense before he gets us all killed or makes us all broke.
US trades with Mexico at a rate of $1M per MINUTE. Bilateral agreement is new to Trump. He forces, won't work.
I hope that you are sincere & do not cave to the Orange Bully-In-Chief
Nobody wins a trade war.
senator Graham sometimes you demonstrate extraordinary common sense. I hope your colleagues can exhibit the same.
thank you  for speaking up because it feels  like we lost are senses
We will prevail as always. The wall must be built, regardless.
We have 1 month left before we become a civil war zone. Rampant corruption from the WH and people's lives at stake Who will you be TNEN!
Yeah obviously Lindsey....do something about this!
agreed!
How many US jobs are represented in our annual export sales to Mexico $236.4 Billion?
*border security no, tariffs yes
Haven't we already done a lot for border security. Didn't GWB double the size of the border patrol?
#Murciélagoloco
All of these new policies only benefit the rich His mouth puts our military in danger.
POTUS is already out of control. Will your party move to  curb his disrespect for govt agencies? And our environment!
Trump is mentally ill. He must be impeached before the economy collapses due to trade wars.
Doofus Don, novice at IA getting skooled. It's all interconnected. Mex sends us oil, keeps Leftist at bay. We pay tariffs.
Shhh, Trump no understand big words. You bad man. Trump supporter smash!
Agree, except the wall is stupid waste of money. Block the wall, Lindsey!
we have not seen any or had any growth in years, so? Will it hurt your pocket maybe? Is that why?
How do you know?
WE DONT WANT A WALL! We want  our MEDICAID, MEDICARE , SOCIAL SECURITY
Are u in lockstep with all of this nonsense? https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/26/us/politics/trump-republican-retreat.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=b-lede-package-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news&_r=0 …
It's a double tax on the regional food supply chain for starters. Where is the GOP?
Plus it sends food prices through the roof. Check the label on your produce, Mr. President.
- pretty sure a high school student- from - would know this. #ResistanceInPhilly #ResistTrump
I think you are your buddy McCain both need to go. You are both out of touch.
Thank you for speaking the truth
@mwskb I am in total agreement with Lindsey Graham. The list of things I've heard now contains everything. Go Lindsey
too bad that psycho Trump doesn't understand this! Someone please educate Putin's dummy
It might have something to do with the fact that he's got bluster,and no bloody experience - or cares to learn!
Trump is crazy.. and if you don't see it or any other republican doesn't see it.. god help this country
@EAnthonyWayne. Don't let the Russian hacking issue die. Sen. Democracy is being questioned. Please lead, I am mucho sad!
We would pay for the wall again! As an American Citizen, I am begging you & all Senators, Please stop this man! Save US.
Economic growth for whom?Billionaires just pile it up and don't spend their earnings anyway.People's well-being shd be goal
Can u lower immigation rates legally for once?  How about repratriating more back??
Nice to see someone giving economics lessons to our Businessman-In-Chief. What happened to free-market capitalism?  #resist
Plus the fact this would have Americans paying for the "wall" through raised prices of said goods.
If tariffs are so horrible on foreign companies; then taxes must be just as bad on American companies. @realDonaldTrump
Thank you for being a voice of reason!
Respectfully Sir: #impeach him now. Take the hit. Patriots will support. If you let this go on you won't be able to stop it
@karencollinsnyc Tariff can be applied on cash they send back to Mexico.
won't work. Bitcoin is anonymous, easy to move money. Also banks are international. No need for Western Union
@PRETTYGIRLGG11 when will the GOP shut Trump up?
Agreed. That scares me. I don't usually agree with you.
Mr Graham you never understood how to get a person to the Table all the time you sucked of us. you never understood
Negotiating.  You've been living off our tax dollars so you have no clue - nice job Lindsey the dems love you
no wall! Security yes!
free trade is nice...Yes?
So we KNOW what you're AGAINST (all things Trump). What have YOU done to address trade imbalances? SC voters need a CHANGE!
Agree
I think you left the thousands of jobs that will be lost & higher prices=inflation @realDonaldTrump @BreitbartNews
Despite often disagreeing with your policy stances, I must thank you for speaking up for sense & for what's in the best interest of America.
@ciarakellydoc I hope they do levy, I hope the rest of the world moves to levy, until he's out
but you still support him
@PoliticalLine Do we really have to explain this to the 45th man to sit in this office?  GOP build a firewall around Trump!
you people caused him. Get him under control.
the econmic tsunami coupled w/their new partners, China/Russia, people, what's that you don't get about this increase?
He's such frigging idiot, thumping his chest and believing he's the greatest... #MuchoSad #Trumpacabra
"The wall" is not effective border security - it is PURE NONSENSE.
beef up security. 24 billion not including labor cost to build walls? What's the economic growth on a wall?
@POTUS44 deported more illegals than #43 yet Trump wants to spend tax money to build a wall. So ridiculous. Help our Vets!
@CindyBinSC we need to close the boarders. The drug dealers come across all the time
We trust in Trumps decisions, we expect your support in making America Great Again.
Thank you for speaking up.
#
It took a guy like @realDonaldTrump for me to agree with @LindseyGrahamSC -gives me hope!
@Real_op Mexico should build it's own wall, right along Trumps, only better.
@SpeakerRyan China will not be so restrained as Mexico's President when Trump starts a trade war. Does Ryan not understand?
Get in line. You lost. If you don't we will make sure you only have one in next primary so you can't split the vote.
to a longterm dem from CA you have become the only senator with a pair. please do not be deterred. you are serving us all.
This is America First in action. Please keep it up
Sir, you are part of the problem. #DrainTheSwamp
Maybe you should explain economics to your boss. America can't be run like one of his many failed business.
can we just make the natural herb legal?  Xtra trade!!!
Keep that backbone going!  Stand up to the President on these types of issues.  Great job on this topic!
DO SOMETHING ALREADY!!!! #ResistTrump
@Arturo_Sarukhan  Exactly!!!!
Agreed. And domestic competitors would follow the import price rises so we'd pay even more.
We the American people do not want the WALL if it is going to cost us money.  He was supposed to save us money. Will you?
Why is this so difficult for people to grasp!
you realize he isn't bright right?  He mainly knows how to borrow money .  He doesn't understand macro economics
the problem is Trump ignorance 
I like you. I don't agree with you all the time, but I find you very agreeable. Please don't allow this to happen.
is proof that the partisan backlash wouldn't have been so yuuge IF the POTUS wasn't a charlatan and delusional
Actually they are the second largest, but your point stands more so.
Thank you! I hope my senator @SenToomey joins you in this opinion.
We don't export much on balance, so who cares?  They're not buying our stuff, why are we buying theirs?
Will you say no to him? Will you stand up to thve administration, risk badmouthing on Twitter?
But Senator, I don't want to pay for trump's stupid wall.
How about telling the American ppl how this is a TAX on the American ppl. Put those $$ into roads & infrastructure.
I have never voted for a Republican but I wish to God you were POTUS right now instead of that psychopath.
Right
wall =/ security. You know this. Just tell them that. Or get a pro golfer to.
Trade wars wind up costing consumers, increasing inflation, and don’t necessarily create new jobs. No tariff on Mexico.
what are you going to do about this man child he felt slighted by Pres of Mexico now this What is happening really stop him
I'm a concerned citizen. We, and there are many, are afraid of the new Trump regime. We are counting on your level head!
@joncoopertweets Maybe Sen Graham shld b President as Trump has no clue
Sit down, shut up, RINO, We, The People, R back in charge that's WHY We chose @realDonaldTrump to do EXACTLY as he's doing
Drain the swamp
