SUNDAY on #MTP: Exclusive interviews with John Brennan, Sen. @LindseyGrahamSC, DNC Chair @TomPerez and @GOPChairwoman Ronna McDaniel.
Republicans are really showing there true colors. Colluding with trump/Putin some true patriot American you are. Talk is cheap.
Hey Bubba, let Trump do the job we the people elected him to do....you do your job.
Finally!
You  have become par excellent at  talking out of both sides of your mouth.  Stand up & do something. Follow up words with action!
hoping you can see now that Trump is a traitor and hold him accountable! GOP has a job to do! Please do it!
The biggest threat to our national security and our democracy is the president. Words are not enough now. When are you going to take action?
No that was Obama and his administration.
Bless your heart
Back at ya darlin.
STOP bashing POTUS
Start getting real about impeachment. Containment is a plan for pussies.
I was an independent over 40 yrs. until trump. Trump is a disaster to this great country and you know it. is the root of all evil.
Talk about how your party wants to kick old people out of nursing homes because they won't have Medicare talk about that #MTP #Trumpcare
Poland applauds Republicans attack the president
All in SC are watching what you do and say as 2020 is real close.
Lindsey you are the biggest pu$$y out there and no one takes you seriously! Time to put the Cold War behind us and move on!
DO SOMETHING ABOUT THT TREASONOUS PLANT IN THE WH. #WAKEUP
Senator Graham, we know about the pocket veto! We need @realDonaldTrump to sign that sanctions measure now!
Happy birthday
Too bad Senator LG & C Todd didn't examine Poland speech that was neo nazi & alt right vs lDemocratic in praise of human rights & Constit.
U either need to step down from leading the Senate or work w/President for Am. U are part of the Swamp that needs to go!
Learn the definition of "dumbfounded"
I look forward to you doing more than complaining for TV. Do your JOB, Senator, and save our country from this fool.
The Syrian ceasefire agreement with Russia was a win for the Trump administration and a win for America. So far so good.
Stand up for this country instead of just your party. History will not be kind.
Looking forward to you finally DOING SOMETHING about the threat to our country, @realDonaldTrump. Stop this shit storm!
If you defend Trump you are a complete sell out
He already is.
@TomPerez @GOPChairwoman Too bad you could only give visiting SC youth in DC 2 min of your. Sad
Go away. You're the reason why we need term limits!
When are u going to backup ur tough talk with actions instead of being a wimp &  back down? When are u going to hold ur party accountable?

please, stand up for American people.  Help unseat our Russian puppet president.
Sucking up to Chuck Todd doesn't look good Lindsey. You and McCain are a huge disappointment. No longer a donor to GOP. All Trump.
Remove your rabid dog. #25thAmendmentNOW
the only natl' security we need to worry about is you & your boyfriend McCain's war mongering push to ww3!
Support our President. Watch out for Chuck and his land mines.
Could you explain how you can possibly believe, in any way whatsoever, that Trump is not leading our Democracy to a catastrophic end? Thanks
Our biggest threat to national security is @realDonaldTrump will you continue to capitulate to him? #coward #DoYourJob
So you know lynch sent wiretap request to FISA for trump tower ordered by obama. Your phone tapped by obama. You do nothing but smirk. Sad.
Thanks for telling it like it is re Trump/Russia.  Enjoy your birthday.
Great job Senator. @GOP has managed what no foreign influence has been able to do.
You have done nothing but aid and abet the treason, making you just as culpable in this clusterfuck as @POTUS. You shame the state of SC.
Bla, bla, bla. Do something meaningful to protect us.
Trump affects our security remove him Lindsey we need your help
The Reality TV personality made our country look really bad. He has to go.
Lindsey. You better discuss w h idiot impeachment. He is becoming a national security threat if ever we have one impeach
And what are you doing to say about alleged tough guy Trump rolling over for Putin?  Ronald Reagan must be spinning in his grave.
You people crack me up ! You think the country was going good before Trump ? This all happened on Obamas watch.
Happy Birthday!  Watched, approved, don't stop the fight to protect our country from treason. Why is he blind?  look at his taxes.....
Happy birthday Sen. Graham!  Thank you for a common perspective on the Russia.
Strong words but you've got to walk the talk. Americans are in need of GOP leaders to put country over party. Nothing will be more important
Time for Lindsey to grow a set! America First!
John Brennon is not a friend to POTUS, he is an Obama supporter. Beware.
Looking forward to your thoughts on partnering with Putin on cyber security. 
What do you think of the president teaming up with Putin on cyber security?
History is watching you!
Lindsey, at some point, you're gonna have to STAND Up. You DO understand that, right? Country OVER party. Help us.
You better not be defending that dumb ass Putin lover either!
What the hell are you doing about Russia are you going to destroy our country along with trump????
This should make for an interesting Sunday morning

I hope you talk about Trump and his tweets. I hope you put country over party. Are you convinced yet that trump colluded?
I am watching you! Don't disappoint us again!
Yes, you'll be deeply troubled
1-Please stand up for the rule of law 2-what "real" options for NK 3- what are you willing to do to protect the integrity of US elections
Can you step in and protect our country from the lunatic in the White House? We need your voice and your vote.
Maybe you can start a GoFundMe for the President's Russian debt, so he can quit KGB, since you won't do anything else.
But would you talk to the reporter from Australia who blasted Trump and the Republican Party?
Trump and dereliction of duty
Are you "concerned" about Putin meeting?  "Thoughts and prayers". Do something big-talker.
The President laughing with Putin about hating journalists, partnering with him on nat security. Please stand up for our values and country.
Hoping you stand strong and address this morning's tweets from @POTUS and address how he's our biggest threat to our security! PLEASE
Please don't let our President collude with our enemies-his hero worship of tyrant #Putin is treason.
Please talk about the joint cyber security force with Russia
Ofcourse you do against Trump..Your a rino and need to go along with your boyfriend "songbird"McCain
Yeah Senator we're all extremely interested in whether you have a spine or not. It's do or die Sir. Either Shit or get off the pot.
@EllenMorris1222 @MeetThePress @TomPerez @GOPChairwoman yeah, maybe look at the insane guy's tweets before you go.
Now we are setting up Cyber Security Unit with Russia .You might aswell praise the idea because you will do nothing about it
You guys love to talk about it, but where's the action, Senator?
Happy Birthday, Senator Graham. We're not going to let him do this, right?
Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded..
Partners w Putin for cybersecurity? Voter data base? Give them the Lincoln bedroom, why don't you?
Ahahahahaha sure and maybe get some digs on Trump. #ratingswhore Msnbc is next to lose credibility
Let's talk to the burglars about how to best prevent being burgled again!
Yes especially working hand in hand with Russia on cyber security.
Really?
Add the leader of your party to the top of that list of issues affecting US national security.
Graham is a RINO
You always "say" things on TV and never back them up would actions. Being a good quote seems to be your only leadership
Please do something about Trump! He tweeted he agreed with Putin this morning. He can't be our commander in chief. Help our country!!!
Care to explain why you're failing to do something about treasonable @POTUS? What is it going to take for you to call for impeachment?
Health care..remember it. The Trumpcare plan that will leave millions without care. Our earth, global warming how about some home issues.
Help us! Lavrov will have a seat in the White House before we know it.
Look at all the Libs here hoping you r going to bash our President about something they know nothing about and hasn't even happened yet lol
The biggest issue facing national security right now is President Trump - a THREAT to national security.
Pls address the cyber group w Russia trump is proposing & the impact that will have on our cyber security
Impeach the president is the only way to save the USA!
We don't watch @chucktodd. He is #fakenews.  Go on @FoxNews if you want to talk to real America and not DC liberals. #maga
you better address @realDonaldTrump selling out our IC and giving Russia keys to our cyber ops
I am begging you to put our country before politics. You must know that Trump's behavior toward Russia is not normal.
Please address the issue of your wacko president.
oh didn't you hear? Putin told Trump everything is cool, so I guess we can drop the #Russia thing now.
A few more strongly worded concerns? Unless you and your party actually do something more you are #Complicit in all of this!
We have a national security problem & it starts in the WH. 
here's 1. Your supreme leader Trump, agreed to ceasefire so Putin/Assad own the south ground they gassed people for. Now have 0 resistance.
Maybe you should speak to the President?
Why don't YOU FIND OUT WHY DNC WOULD NOT TURN OVER SERVER TO FBI? Comey/Clapper bothe LIED UNDER OATH, FBI USED A FAKE DOSSIER, IT SMELLS !
How about discussing Hillary, Lynch, Comey, Slick Willy. They interfered with our election process more than Russia.
Are you going to furrow your brow and say how concerned you are about Putin and Donnys bromance? Dear god I don't even take you seriously!
Lindsey Graham your'e a security issue your'e causing the H Spirit to punish the deep south with tornadoes. your'e a traitor to white people
Russia, Lindsey, RUSSIA
Mr.Graham if your threatening me with Russia because you know Donald and Elvis conspired with them in Oct.2016 to assasinate me

If only there were a branch of government with the balls to do their job and protect the Constitution  https://twitter.com/marcorubio/status/884022979004428289 …
Can't wait to see whose side you're on this morning, Senator Flipflop.
Joint cyber unit with Russians? Can we get the fox some BBQ sauce while he's guarding the henhouse? Jeeezis!
There are no issues with US cyber security! @realDonaldTrump just tweeted he's working on it with Putin. Y'all can relax and go golfing now.
Are you backing Trump's decision to work with Putin on cyber security? Are you going to invite Russia into our process? Stand up!
Try not stabbing our potus in the back this time
.the President made an admission of treason on Twitter, what are you going to do about it? #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
Perhaps you can speak to the "impenetrable" cyber security unit we are going to set up with russia.
How about Trump working with Putin to stop Putin from screwing with our elections? Is it time YET to pull the plug on this traitor?
You have always been the reliable RINO that the mainstream media turns to when they're looking for someone to badmouth Trump.
Let's find out if congress is with us or with Russia
Hope you'll address the latest statements by @realDonaldTrump this morning as he is ONCE AGAIN insulting our IC in favor of Putin.
Do domething besides talk and reverse yourself later.
*something
Have you read @realDonaldTrump's tweets this morning?
Share your input on @realDonaldTrump  latest tweets.
What are you going to do about this President who by his own admission this am wants to collude with Russia on cyber security?
are you going to grow a spine and speak out against Trump?
TELL TRUMP TO STOP BLOWING UP TWITTER

Partnering with Putin on a "Cyber Security Unit" is akin to partnering with Assad on a "Chemical Weapons Unit".  2/3
