#Assad may be mad, but not mad enough to launch militarily insignificant  #ChemicalWeapons attacks, on beaten enemy. #syriangasattack

@LindseyGrahamSC is drinking the koolaid now folks.
After all isn't the air field "still operational" even the chemical stock piles untacked,..59 missiles? com'n use your head
What sound footing? Ships to N.Korea, ships in Syria, troops in Syria. This  isn't a game of "battleship"!
No strategy, Senator.  Other than distraction from lousy job #s & low poll#s.  He'll murder more civilians.
That strike did nothing, who r kidding? Trump told Russia, Russia told Syria... people getting hurt r Syrian people, they r ones dying!
#strike was useless #Reuters #Syrian warplanes take off from air base hit by U.S.wasted #tax$


he attacked an almost empty airfield stop pretending to be outraged
WAG THE DOG!! Ever hear of #Trumprussia & 35% approval ratings?? DISTRACTION!
Lindsey, you want to repeat the "fyou" again so my 10 yr old kid can tell me it's ok because you said it. Speak better, u represent us.
you are blind trump is using this as a political ploy to keep your eyes Russia Investigation If you look at this it's another failed mission
you are playing a dangerous game with the lives of people all over this planet... Please stop it
Assad stays.
Heard it was false flag and it makes no sense for Assad to gas his own people. Wasn't there false flag prior to this. Is US helping ISIS now
Whatever comes, Russia owning Syria & having access to Med. Sea behind Greece, Italy, & EU is worst nightmare scenario!
Time to send ol Lindsey home! We retire you soon!!!
How are we going to pay for this war?  No $ for health care, meals on wheels, PBS?  Priorities GOP?
Can we get back to investigating Trump/Russia?  Please stop being distracted
you mean Susan Rice
I once thought you were the best of a sorry litter of Repubs that I could OK in the WH! You've shown me how silly I was re Gorsuch/Trump.
Lindsey Graham is a piss poor public representative. A military contractor front man. He goes on the PR mainstream media. Graham is a punk.
U SIR are embarrassing. Trump has no plan on Syria and just sent u on a rabbit trail.

Peril! When @HillaryClinton Speaks Even Opposing Obama People/Trump Listens! #PerpetualWar #EndlessKilling BabiesDie
WTF? I just heard U on CHUMP NEWS NETWORK (CNN) ordering up another chemical attack in Syria. U R not really a warmonger, war is cover......
President Obama went to Congress and they refused his request. Trump opted to proceed w/o approval and didn't damage the target.
QUIT FUCKING LYING! DT is a Terrorist who supports killing all babies that are'nt his or his family. Same w/Putin & Assad. FAKE response!

Do you own stock in Raytheon, TOO? Just when you started acting somewhat civil...
Bomb first, strategy later?
Regime change?  Training troops to stabilize Syria?  That plan worked out so well for us in Iraq!  Let's start another 16 year war.  Stupid!
Trump killed hundreds of innocents in Mosul. How is this different from what Assad did?
Don't forget the women and kids @realDonaldTrump killed in Yemen.
Might not agree with u on most things but when it comes to Syria YOU GO SENATOR GRAHAM! Ditto on everything u said. I agree!
Hopefully a plan that finally defeats ISIS.Enough cooperation and troops to finally do something, but I fear Congress will hold up the POTUS
No exit plan...why always a knee jerk reaction...stop blaming the past...always a hawk.....we need answers....cmon man!
Obama wasn't on sound legal footing when he wanted to bomb but #Trump is?  What changed?  @LindseyGrahamSC  you're a mess!  @WSJ @ABC
Great job today on @MeetThePress. Glad to see some republicans can still speak intelligently.
On Monday Trumps said let Syria take care of itself, he watched TV and then decided to strike and didnt get permission from congress!
This attack is a ruse... I'm not buying the tougher talk about Russia... this is a plot to distract from Trumo Russiagate!
I can't believe that Trump is still getting praise from left and right when this is so wag the dog! Are they naive or just plain stupid !
Graham needs to immediately recuse himself from the trump investigation! His new found love for his "Sheriff" is more than disturbing!
I LEAVE IT TO PRES BUSH TO DECIDE HOW TO PROCEED IN CURRENT SITUATIONAL DEVELOPMENTS...TK CARE.
We spend 150 billion and missed the airfield?
tRump owns stock in the cmpy that manufactures tomahawk missiles used in  attack on Syria. tRump profits at the expense of US again #Impeach
Ever heard of The Constitution @LindseyGrahamSC ?
You said Trump is like Reagan? You think he'll illegally sell arms to Iran, raise taxes 11x and triple debt?
@MeetThePress @LindseyGrahamSC
I think he meant crazy old man with Alzheimers
cancel Meals on Wheels, vital After School programs, damn infrastructure. We didn't sign up for this shit!
You were EXCELLENT today!  This from a non fan.
"F You" is exactly what Assad said to US. A doctor on Charlie Rose show said there was a small chemical attack Friday afternoon but no media
@SenJohnMcCain  and you WAR HAWKS jump at the chance. To send our children into harms way, but will vote to
You go! This clown has been in office 3 mons. He's lied, done everything unbecoming of and POTUS, started WAR
Syria is Trump ploy.  Eyes back on investigations.
You KNOW that is not accurate. Targeting a sovereign state is clearly beyond the AUMF, as you agreed in 2013. Nothing changed.
He praises #Trump and says more troops! 5-6 thousand. Happy #DonaldTrump did this. #MTP #GodBlessOurTroops
As a Dem I don't Always agree with you,  but you are spot on regarding Syria and Russia.
You are officially a mess!!@LindseyGrahamSC and Republicans make up rules as they go, no foresight, no plan, and no end game.#suckers
Are you the biggest two-faced politician ever?  Just curious
Best was President Assad to President Trump - FU
June 1st. Soldiers on the ground. BTW, they're soldiers not "boots."
Oil prices go up and the Russians are happy with Trumps move..and you Republicans keep being both of their useful idiots.
Lindsey Graham has got to go!
#TRUMPrussia #TRUMPrussia #TRUMPrussia #TRUMPrussia #ImpeachTrump #TrumpIsACrook
I'm not convinced on the sound legal footing, by absolutely agree, what next?
He strike didn't do anything but it did manage to sucker you into supporting Trump... get headlines off of him... u shouldn't be reelected!
Stop lying to the people and start fighting for the people!
Trump is chaos.There is no peace w/Trump & GOP seems to think they are only people that exist in nation, U have become an extremist party!
Trump is authoritarian &represent  tyranny. Democracy is fading cuz of GOP & Trump. Go read "on Tyranny" that's what GOP & Trump r creating!
Trump is authoritarian &represent  tyranny. Democracy is fading cuz of GOP & Trump. Go read "on Tyranny" that's what GOP & Trump r creating"
America cannot afford another regime change. This POTUS has no plan (shocker). He is your POTUS. Do something to help us not your career
So that's an acceptable course of action? To fire 59 missiles and THEN develop a strategy?
Important question. Answer may have life-changing consequences
Aren't you supposed to have a policy BEFORE initiating aggressive action? Why are you overlooking Trump not speaking to congress beforehand?
Trump uses taxpayers $$$$ to pay for golf at his own resort. Corruption
Sanctions hurt POOR Does nothing 2 illegitimate LEADERS @KeithOlbermann @SenSanders @RepAdamSchiff @tedlieu
That seems to be the question every hour on the hour.  But we haven't forgotten about Russia.
Somebody put a muzzle on graham and keep him off the Sunday shows
Graham is a schmuck who uses his military service as a crutch for his political career. He's disgusting
And trump plays golf
Spending our money but putting it into his resort.  How is that right?

Once again a move to war and occupation with no end strategy or plan....nice!!
Hurry - tell it like it is Mr. Graham you are great Thank You
Good you suit up and go!
Ya know, Lindsey is a deep thinker
A war is needed now to generate some patriotism and make @realDonaldTrump more popular.
Yeah, NO!!! That is a really bad idea.  People die. People have permanent disabilities. Portions could be fought in the USA. No wars.
