The only thing you truly support is a massive amount of Hypocrisy.   #Warren2020
U R a Traitor 2 the people of SC. U need 2 find a new job. Going 2 make my mission 2 vote u out.
HOW COULD YOU POSSIBLY SUPPORT THIS RACIST?
BOOOOOOO
worst
What a shame you support this racist. What a shame he was approved by the Republican Senate.
I will not vote for you again.
https://youtu.be/EnwLrQ2ys_g 
And that's a damned shame.
disgrace to our state and nation.
sad
oh little #gaybaby - watch your criticism of Elizabeth Warren. You are way out of your league. Another #gopFail
Since when did civil rights belong to liberals alone? @SenatorSessions suppressed votes and will do it again. #Swampster
disappointing.
I support you losing your next election. there can be no room for racists in our government.
whos racist?..you watch to much fake msnbc and cnn
he will not uphold civil rights which is his new job. Read a book
the racist lies are just that..Lies!!..do some research!
Another tragedy for the republic.
Well, that just indicates how mentally challenged you are. My mom taught special ed, and you qualify.
Majority of the country does not! And you if you want an answer read your twitter. Most of you guys have gone deaf
You've supported everybody.  Ur getting to that age where u should think of ur future....elsewhere.
In case you missed it
Donna, don't waste ur time, Sen Warren tried to read this, but apparently he silenced her.
Therein lies the problem.
thanks for revealing how racist AND sexist you all are. We'll see you in 2020. #shepersisted
You just torched my year long crush on you.
This is what Sessions said about disabled children  Disabled Kids Are “Most Irritating Problem For Teachers” in America
really disappointed by this. Fear of breaking party lines won didn't it?
Why exactly? Are you good buddies?
Where were you when McConnell decided to block SCOTUS nomination because it didn't fit his agenda?
you do still represent the people. Or future lobbyist position. Graham and Scott no integrity.
I support neither one of you. What is wrong with you?
Not so! These Cabinet picks seem selected to gut the institutions they will lead. DeVos pick says it all.
Teachers should walk out. DeVos and people like her will make money on the backs of teachers and children.
Michigan"s students have already paid the price. Now the whole U.S. can drop their standards. Where is the populism in this?
or maybe it is equal lack of opportunity for all. Thanks Trump.
I so agree shameful and a disaster.
I support SENATOR Elizabeth Warren. You can be silent or shut up, let her speak.
boo! You're clearly not reading your messages! Support your constituents, and say goodbye, you're dine!
why wouldn't you? You're a racist just like he is.
typical yes man with no backbone
So, you support a racist, then. Lovely.
@mommadyl @SenatorSessions Racist.
WHY?
@Rep_Matt_Gaetz @SenatorSessions why?
@sam38483 @SenatorSessions  Good to know your backing your party 
Why would you vote for this proven racist, misogynistic and aficionado of white nationalism?
The only positive thing I can say about you right now is that your aren't Strom Thurmond. Now Sessions?
The voting record of Jeff Sessions speaks for itself, regardless of your friendship!
Of course you do...
@marcorubio @LilaGraceRose Hi can anyone please direct me to any existing list of PRO-LIFE Congressional members?Thanks!
and SC does NOT support you!
That's really unfortunate. We expected better from you. #WeAreWatching #Resistance #DumpTrump
I respectfully disagree. @SenatorSessions has a poor record on civil rights, which is critical given the Muslim ban.
Hope you have a change of heart and decide to support civil rights of all Americans. Constituent, 29617.
lost my vote in next election. 29605
Seems like he impugned himself, no? Warren just the messenger. How can you defend someone like him for AG?
That's really disappointing, Mr. Graham. #MakeAmericaWhiteAgain #TheResistance
Equal rights much?

Hey guys, what's it like waking up on the wrong side of history every morning?
Did you feel Betsy DeVos was qualified for the job?
HE ACTED LIKE A FRIEND...REPUBLICANS LIE TO YOUR FACE.
Why?
Of course. You're southerner.  All KKK stick together! The GOP regime too.  Predictable #MakeAmericaRacist
, that seems sad. Why do you want @SenatorSessions who has such a records as a social authoritarianism warrior heading DoJ?
how much in donations did it take?
one hillbilly to another
It's too bad you didn't look at Betsy DeVos's confirmation that way.
Ugh, you would support him.  Every time you do something I like, you screw it up again.  NO to Sessions.
racism and voter suppression to the front. Female senators to the back. Got it #stopsessions #letlizspeak
elections are coming. SC will be going in a different direction!! Go Blue!
you're a liar and a coward
Then you are against equal rights and no longer have a place in government. #resist
2018 can't come soon enough. I think you'll be out job hunting sir.
So you don't support equal rights for the LGBTQ community? Legal immigration? Civil rights? Is that what you're saying?
I liked you- but I have to take that back. Sorry
If so, you do not well-represent the people of SC and will be removed. - citizen of 29464
shameful that you had to take a vote to stop Elizabeth Warren doing what her people sent her to Congress to do. Terrible
So when people call him racist or say he said racist things in the past, what's your response to that?
He WILL NOT be an AG for ALL Americans and nobody knows that better than you Senator Graham.
. @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorSessions You're constituents don't, and want a better candidate.
Veto power over POTUS about Russia? That's NOT your job! That's Trump's job. You're embarrassing us.
Glad you are supporting Sessions; good man! But STOP fighting POTUS; you, others and Dems want Veto Power?
Where is you klan hood ?
BLACKLIVES MATTER  !!!
Too many old whites guys in the goverment
thank you Lindsey Graham!!
The GOP & Trump are all the same Russian loving racist #Fucksessions
You should have interrupted McConnell and allowed Senator Warren to finish. Instead you chose silence.
So it kool if African American are discriminated against - fuck up
Black History Month reminds us of our past to revive pride in all the good and to avoid repeat of past.
Fail to see how the controversies surrounding Sessions can really be addressed when the GOP kicks out Dems for criticism...
you really don't read your twitter replies do you?
NO Lindsey! 
please change your stance on this nomination. Sessions does not represent the values of this American people.
You're a powerful white man. Surprise.
We will NEVER TRUST YOU AGAIN. YOU ARE COMPLICIT
he's a racist
1/2 You are a despicable person to back a racist but I understood what u meant by
2/3 u 2 r southern conservatives. We've listened to those codes since Jim Crowe. We will remove u. We r
3/3 coming together. We won't let u divide us by class n race anymore. It's the people against you. Period
November 2020.
Heard the "this is an attack against conservatives." Loved it, thx.
if you were so hard against trump why are you now so, well...hard for him?
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=724337794395383&id=131559043673264&_rdr …
A disgrace! No less shameful than your DeVos vote. Continue to be motivated by party only & you will not be re-elected.
racism is NOT normal!  Racism can NOT be tolerated!  Are you racist too Senator Graham?  #NoSessions
Sessions is a disgraceful choice. Shame on you for picking Party over Country.
NO WAY! #stopsessions
Why are you accepting this as normal? #NoSessions
Sen Graham, I am SC resident & I vote. Sessions is wrong for AG. You should vote no.
VOTE NO ON SESSIONS!  Stop giving Trump what he wants!  #NoSessions
the record clearly shows @SenatorSessions to be a racist. His record of prejudiced would be unmatched as AG in modern times
#letherspeak
Very disappointed in you Sen. Graham for your support of Sessions and Devos.
Unfortunate.
and I vote in SC.
coward!
#PartybeforeCountry #wewillvoteyouout #putinspuppet #racist
shame shame shame he's a racist. You are in bed with a racist. You will be voted OUT!
Noting your lack of standards here. He's no more qualified than Devos for Secretary of Education. #plsLead
This man has proven that he cannot be trusted.  I beg you to reconsider and vote "NO"
With all due respect, Senator Graham, you're on the wrong side of history.
You shame SC which is struggling to put the racist badge behind them.  Hooray the Confederate flag is down
@MissyJoM @SenatorSessions Hey Sen Lindsey stay on board the Trump Train  makes you look a lot better
Remember this and the DeVos vote when you're unemployed.  Racism and bigotry are not American values.
You would support #hitler if the #trump #regime nominated him.
thank you
You really do want to be Voted Out don't you
you are on the wrong side of history.
Booooo Lindsey. Boooooo.
didn't you say we should put Country before party ...
we appreciate Strom for the West Point appointment. Remember that name Danielsen,we don't tolerate cowards we unseat them.
Exactly, made history in first night air assault at LZ Mary . Danielsen is our last name and this is your last term
did I mention our father received a silver and two bronze in Vietnam, was the subject of an ABC documentary I am a Soldier
my brother was born blind, and is now an attorney working in Baltimore as P R director for the NFB #welcomeyourcompetition
- you should be ashamed of yourself. We the people will NOT stand for racism or those who chose party over country.
lost all respect for you sir.
you're a living nightmare. Truly.
RACIST!!!!!!!
shame on you
Come on Lindsey. I've always trusted you're judgement. But this? Come on.
Well Lindsey, 2020 will be your last year! Look @ your tweets. We will not forget your votes when WE vote
Saps both of y'all
I don't support and how dare you silence Elizabeth Warren
You sir, became an enemy of the State of SC and to the children of the US.  Add to that your support of Sessions- you suck!
Really? If you put #CountryOverParty I imagine you would not arrive at this conclusion.
You are both deplorable. #LetLizSpeak #dumpSessions #votenosessions #deplorables #resist #cantsilenceme
if he wasn't fit to be a federal judge he's not fit to be AG #nosessions
Reconsider. He has a history of racist voter suppression
DAMMIT LINDSEY
I can't wait until we vote you all out of office.
...and I thought you had a brain...
Disappointed.He is racist.Do u really believe he will stand up 2 Trump?Can no one put country over party
shameful
Republicans are adverse to the truth! Alternative facts will ruin America. Shame on you! #letlizspeak
#disappointed
you disgust me.
. @SenatorTimScott  Shame! Rubber stamp anyone. You lost my vote after voting 4  Devos. I hope you can sleep at night - NOT!
your share his racist view....
why did you vote to silence sen. warren. What good does it do? Makes you look racist & hypocritical #wrong
how can you support a racist? Is ruining education not enough? Stand up for what is right for a change!
is wrong choice for America.  Sessions will rubber stamp everything Trump does. No check &and balance!
I'm so very disappointed in you. You rep me (29910) and I oppose #sessions he is unqualified
I will now be voting against Senator Graham in 2018.
Nooooooo!  1986 had it right!  Please don't do this!
Senator Graham, I agree with you on many things-this not one of them. We don't need the extreme of Holder.
I follow you because I respect some of the positions you have taken. Not this one. Sessions is not fit.
like you supported DeVos.  Says a lot Lindsey.
