your a traitor too @LindseyGrahamSC
your such a joke you need to call yourself a dem an being on fake news really
All roads from Flynn and Russia lead to Drumpf, Please Sen Graham, impeach this SOB before it's too late.
he's our President. I dealt with #Obama for 8 years. Now it's your turn. Have a drink.
In any other country with democratic elections, if the exit polls are off by 2 to 3%, they redo the election. Some were off by 20%!
polls are not votes. And you called Trump a moron???!
He didn't win, the GOP cheated and the russians helped as well. Drump in an imbecile, and illiterate.
Why it's fake news isn't it,you better jump off this sinking ship investigate and get rid that danger in power
your leadership is needed. Do what's right for our children and grandchildren,  vote no to EPA nominee.
Switch to Dem, Lindsey. You're Obsolete to #AmericanVoters Go Work for #FakeNews #CNN You're in Bed with #Obama
stop talking and get back to work. #support #trump.
Step up the investigation. This corruption is historic and unprecedented.
where was outrage when Clinton foundation took Russian money while using SOS position 2 get  uranium?
To you I ask, why bring up Hillary at all? Didn't she lose?
Don't forget to resign.
Follow the Putin connection!
it will go to hillery an obama Trump hasnt been in office idiots
Lindsey please direct your anger at the Dems who deserve it and not your own party. Enough already!
Your "Russian"  utter nonsense allows Liberal Dems 2 advance false narrative vs. POTUS that U know is untrue. U R Shameful!
I know it's hard for you to believe that a businessman beat  you a career politician at your own game rally behind #Trump
you hated trumpet since the beginning he is now our president get your ass behind him stop working behind the scenes

yes they are working their asses off to defeat Trump this is the problem with Washington #draintheswamp
my God man you know there are no Russian connections between Trump and Russia Who the hell's side are you on#MAGA
. You are an embarrassment to the county. Either join the team or shut up
you are a RINO traitor! Speak to real news group not Clinton News Net! Good people dont even tune in shithole @CNN
I'm sure you're quite aware of how this will be slanted. 
why would you talk to FAKE NEWS
Investigation!! Please!
stop speaking to the press about matters you should be discussing with Potus. @POTUS
Thank you for being open to a bi-partisan investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia.
@The justice dept needs to follow up with the classified informant leakers and "LOCK THEM UP".
time to do your job, impeach Trump
Hey Lindsay why wasn't U worried about foreign influence on elections when Obama sent his minions& millions to Israel?
All you do is SPEAK! All talk #LOSER
Saw you. Good for you. Stand up for America.
Get a grip people
#ICYMI: @NancyPelosi cites fake Gen. Flynn tweet. 
Well Spoken Mr Graham  glad you are taken up the lead
Weren't you the one that was "trying" to make a case for Christianity a few days ago? You're real Christlike. 
What a traitor. Let's get a REAL conservative in this seat. IMPEACH Lindsey!
repeal  & replace Lindsey Graham! Disloyal& repugnant!
you sir are promoting and doing propaganda to push for a war against Russia a nuclear armed nation which will not
effort our planet and all of humanity but the lives of others in the galaxies and in the solar system
if I am the only person standing up for other lives in the galaxies then so be it quit your war mongering
@realDonaldTrump Israel Lobby lackey @LindseyGrahamSC & Israel 1st @CNN talk Russian influence but not Israel's: http://america-hijacked.com/2016/08/29/lets-talk-about-russian-influence/ …
tired of Fake news -- We the people voted for Trump!!!  Because we're tired of being lied to by all of you
Lindsey should just join the dems He ain't got the balls to defend POTUS  He makes a lot of Americans sick with his BS
nice to hear your side expressing doubt that Flynn did not act alone. Make Chaffez do his job,Putin is laughing at us
thank you for standing up to Trump
impeachment. It's getting like Nixon. We can't have a traitor as president. Get him out. Pence is no better.
Country over party.  Do the right thing and investigate the Trump administration's ties to Russia.
You mean the Clinton News Network! You are a traitor.
how about speaking up against treason by the national security advisor?
the American people need an independent investigation into flynn, trump, and his admin and their ties to russia
Please investigate this POTUS ties to Russia immediately!
The deplorables R not blind to what U & McCain are about. BHO/HRC personnel "land mines" R everywhere. Not fooled!
mole
you sir are not a republican. Can't wait until you lose your seat
Trump CAMPAIGN Aides Had Repeated Contacts With Russian Intelligence https://nyti.ms/2lhJiP5 
When is enough enough. What is wrong with you? Have you not dignity. He is making a mockery of our home. Do something.
Why are you speaking to the king of "fake news?" Get behind our POTUS!
You sound quite crazy.
an investigation as well as release tax info
too many coincidences with a Russian connection not to investigate. If their is nothing to hide trump should welcome
If you can't investigate the NSA breaking federal law to collude with Russia, there is nothing you will investigate.
Investigate this Adminstration now!  If this was Clinton the GOP would be up in arms.  Put America first!
Thank you!!
that's okay. Who cares?
keep voicing your diplomatically phrased concerns re: DT...it gives many of us hope that Repubs will soon WTFU!
Please #investigate the #Russian #hacking of our #elections & what the @WhiteHouse knew. Democracy is at stake!
Senator Graham,  please investigate Trump and his ties to Russia.
thank you. A lone voice of reason putting country over party.
big whoop being a traitor as always
You are The Swamp.
speak truth he knocked u all off 1by1 gave out ur # u think this guy really can be trusted it makes GOP weak outraged
What you do as well as the rest of the Republicans will define this party for the foreseeable future, do what's right.
Two words for you Senator >
SPECIAL  PROSECUTOR 
@LindseyGrahamSC
Are you thee years old and still butt hurt that Trump shut down your primary run down? Do the right thing and resign!
I can't wait for you to come up for reelection..I will advocate to get you out of senate..yes I live in SC #WARPIG
Thank you for doing the right thing, and being a voice of reason!
Please love me, CNN!  
This is all so very disturbing.
Shame on u for not backing your President...I detect a little jealousy !
Just be a Democrat already, Lindsey!
Who cares? Both irrelevant because they together collude against @realDonaldTrump and his policies
about the money you took from Soros??
shame on you!  U attack other people about Flynn instead of the leaker. I hope u get fired or voted out #disgusting
CNN can see you are a great friend of Democrats than Trump,GOP and real Americans. Sour grapes ?
no more lies. Investigate
too bad you're not speaking to them right now busy? As if
Thank you!  Please demand bipartisan hearings.
Thank you for speaking up!
Graham. You are an enemy to the United States. A war hungry neocon. It's time for you to be gone.
Why are McCain, Graham, MSM, & Democrats all trying to start war with Russia? 
We don't want your war, Lindsey.
#MAGA
this investigation into Russian hacking and Trumps ties to Russia is more important than ever!
the public needs an independent committee to investigate this. Too important not to have independent committee
Investigate the continuous leaks that took out Flynn! That is the threat to our country! CNN FAKE NEWS
Yes. Calls for investigation are not treason. Treason is looking the other way while our democracy is hijacked.
the public wants a select committee to investigate this. Trump permitted Flynn's lie to persist for weeks.Trump lies
Republicans hanging eachother out to dry and Democrats circling the wagons is why we lose elections.
hey Lindsey how is that investigation into the uranium one deal going?
I don't want to live in a world where morons in the Senate send troops to their death for their own political vanity
your attempt to drag us into a war in Syria is far more dangerous than anything the Russians could ever do to us
Talk is cheap, Senator.  TAKE ACTION. #doyourjob
https://www.facebook.com/JamesTHarrisMedia/videos/1286756131402053/ …
You need to retire . I know you don't like POTUS alot . Come on man get with the program and quit trying to be a hero
if you turn your back on this, I'll spend every waking moment ensuring you never get elected in my state again. #UWork4SC
is going down! When the President is exposed, you will be history! #fuckingliar @CNN
YOU'RE A LIAR AND A TRAITOR! You should be locked up, too!
Read your followers, it's not like any other twitter line out there, investigate it, we need it for the country's sake
Proud of you Senator, you have to keep your voice out front, Americans are starving for the truth. It ain't happening!
why talk to Corrupt National News because Credibility Not Needed
saudi arabia is ISIS and is a sponsor of ethnic cleansing in the middle east
Confederate  soldiers deserted R. E. Lee. Becuz southerners are backwards
Proud of ur stance; re:investigation n2 Russian interference n our democracy.Who knew what/when n our own government!!
Lindsay Graham is a brainwashed confederate puppet. Whom is a pro-southern rise up who thinks yankees are stupid
Lindsay Graham does not represent anything currently accepted in the known world
Senator, 110% behind you to call for independent investigation into Trump admin & Russia sanctions, hacking, security
Lindsay Graham is a puppet who must ignore 2000yrs of Russian history. I have zero use for his assessment
Lindsay Graham is a puppet of john mccain and a backwards confederate
stand with the President for once! We are tired of the lack of support!
You better support our President. We DON'T appreciate u sabotaging our President. STOP NOW
Where is the bipartisan investigation into Flynn's activities? What did Trump know & when? #LockHimUp #Russiagate
You and McCain need to hold Trump accountable. You are the only sensible Republicans left!!!
-  Of course you are. Go running to the Fake News MSM. Who among us is surprised?
Graham and McCain are paid by the International Banksters to destroy America.
Why does @CNN give air time to this Defence Contractors' lobbyist? It's so obvious @LindseyGrahamSC only cares to propagate hostilities.
Fake News
the rest of your life hmmm like that seat is yours for eternity
Thank you for being a Republican with principles!
Please require an independent investigation of Flynn and the White House regarding their relationship with Russia
The problem is NOT the cover up - the problem is the Republicans.  Thank God the leaks expose this administration.
Senator we need a full bi partisan investigation into WH. Our security demands it.
Vote out this RINO!
You are complicit. 
If Reid knew, you knew about #Collusion 
Reid letter to Comey 10/30/16
shameful
good to see some GOP calling BS on this admin's blatant lies. Thank you Sen Graham.
this does nothing to support your trust by conservative Americans! Have you become an Anti-Trump puppet of @CNN?
hey I'm dem. I deeply respect u for your love of country and passion. That's why u are one of my fav senators on the hill
That is comforting Not
You would not be elected dog catcher in SC now.The dems won't vote for you and the Republicans hate you
please place my vote for Graham for dogcacher
I cannot understand how a total POS like you got elected to the US Senate...
Sen. Graham, we need full investigation into Russia-Trump relationship, not just more info on Flynn. Pls Get to Truth.
gay graham
us working people are sick of you rinos an democrats
You are an evil man. A vicious evil man.
your going to  cause a civil war if you an the dems get Trump out of office Rino
..you are a

TRAITOR TO THE PRESIDENT 
TRAITOR TO THE PEOPLE 

@CNN
KNOW THIS @LindseyGrahamSC ..when the President comes out of this unscathed ..it will be YOU & YOURS who pays the price. 

@CNN
