Like it or not this is what you are now.
That's the truth!
We stand with President Trump. No need for him to chant scripts. We understand he opposes racism and the rest.

FUNNY, the Democrats started the KKK.
Trump is a legacy white supremacist. His dad was in the kkk
Republicans call themselves true patriots. Do what needs to be done. Remove Trump from the WH
Please make it happen. Hold him accountable. This is terrifying. Words won't keep us safe, we need action. #NoWhiteSupremacyHouse
HE CONDEMNED THEM!!! ARE YOU WILLFULLY THIS IGNORANT ??
but of course he wont
HE DID, DID YOU MISS THE PRESS CONFERENCE????
Trump is a criminal and traitor- nothing more
Criminal?? How's that?? He didn't commit a crime!! He condemned them!! Didn't you see the press conference?? Both groups were at fault!!
I'll be blocking you now. Trump is as conservative as my shoe. He is a stain on our nation and will be removed from power
Of course you will, liberals run from the truth!
Im a conservative you twit- a real one
Yeah right, and I'm Superman.
Funny never heard you call for Obama to come down on BLM and ISIS! WHY?
Senator Graham, I'd like you to meet Reality.  Reality, Senator Graham.
Kind of like Obama did with BLM.
What world are you living in?
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump
REALLY. IT HAPPEND IN YOUR STATE, WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO HELP? JUST ATTACK AND TELL OTHERS WHAT TO DO, YOU ARE NOT THE PRESIDENT. REMEMBER.
@AC360  @cnn @ABCPolitics DONT FOGET RUSSIA! TRUMP IS PLAYING EVERYONE..WELL, HE AINT THAT SMART BUT DON'T FORGET RUSSIA!!
@AC360  @CNNPolitics @ABCPolitics @funder DONT FOGET RUSSIA! TRUMP IS PLAYING EVERYONE..WELL, HE AIN'T THAT SMART BUT DON'T FORGET RUSSIA!!
This is the guy you voted for, MAKE UP YOUR MIND, this is why politicians are no longer trusted
Now it's time for GOP to come down on Trump like a hammer!!!!
Umm that ship has sailed Senator. Pull your head out of your ass and demand @POTUS resign. Thousands have died to form a more perfect union.
Great. You stand with Antifa, Senator. I'll stand with the First Amendment.
He IS part of that group so he won't!
Thank u for supporrting  potus in afghanistan.please include the need to combat the herion trade there
Right on!
Wishes and hope are not a strategy. Trump will not change & you know that. How deep do you want the hole we need to dig out of to be?
How far does he have to go before R's say ENOUGH. He spit in the face of each one of you. He will bring the USA to its knees. God help USA.
Haha! He had opportunity to condemn white supremists & he didn't do it, and he didn't . He's ignorant and obviously incapable of learning.
How about calling out antifa? They were there w/bats w/ nails beating up any that disagreed. By not calling them out too your enabling them!
This is an opportunity for the Republican Party and the Congress to Censure this ass!
What about the left, they are not innocent stop preaching hate on any side
And yet he didn’t. What will you do about it senator? We need you to step up.
He wont step up. Two days ago he was lauding Trump. Remember this for 2020
I have to give @LindseyGrahamSC credit for being the only GOP voice denouncing Trump by name. Thank you Senator
It *was* an opportunity, which he used to double-down. We know who he is...do you?
So grab that worm @SpeakerRyan by his shriveled little balls and knock some sense into him. Are you men or mice?? JFC.
So are you going to come down "like a hammer" on @realDonaldTrump ?
No, @LindseyGrahamSC is all TALK! When push comes to shove, he's supported & voted EVERY ugly thing Trump have said & done!
Instead he propped up racists and bigots with his comments today.
Those are and was ALWAYS his people, why wouldn't he propped them up!?
He condemned them!! What are you freakin blind and deaf???
I would ask you the same question sir - do you really think your potus stands defiant against white hate groups?
Way too late.
This is also an opportunity for you to come down like a hammer on Trump. Tweets against racism are not sufficient anymore.
Do u agree w/ his stmts that the counter protesters were equally to blame? Or that there are very fine nazis?
But he didn't. He's not going to.  Are you going to give him another pass.  Are you going to condone his behavior.  He's unfit for president
You think he would do that? I have grown to like u because u will speak truth.  Trump is bad u have too say that Sir.
I am from SC but live in NYC.I am a liberal but have heard you speak truth to madness.It is the time to hammer Trump Sir
Live in SC too. I have no President. #Truth
They're not Lindsey! Nazis are working in the White House. Stop depending on your military record, letting trump continue on negates that!
EXPLAIN THIS... it takes TWO sides to riot.
Hope on Trump is half past dead.
@LindseyGrahamSC he didn't, so now what are you going to do?
Moral solution RINO Lindsey is 2 condemn violence & evil EVERYWHERE it occurs just as ur President did. Stop being a tool for the bias media
RINO Lindsey maybe stop providing cover 2 ANY anarchists & cmnsts who seek 2 hide bhnd self proclmd righteousness 2 participate in violence
Really? And you will support his efforts? You haven't in the past, it's a good time to start now.
Lincoln didn't believe in equal rights for blacks, Native Americans owned slaves and so did Blacks. Madison and Jefferson owned slaves.
Who would vote for him if he did ?
He's only been in office 7 months and LOOK at how he's divided this country: look at how he's tainted GOP (again,only 7 mos!).Make it stop.
He's shown you who he is, and you still expect someone else. Would you support this in a Dem potus? #Clinton committed adultery not treason
Neo-nazis and republicans BOTH want white-controlled government. Neo-nazis are just more honest about it. You are worse than they are.
We all know that won't happen. Stop pretending Trump is redeemable. He's unfit for office. Take action now before he destroys the country.
Well he failed again. When will you realize that the country would be far better off with President Pence. So would your agenda.
Just ad everyone is outraged that Trump didnt say Wht Sup. on Sat., why the hell can you not say bring the hammer down on BLM & Antifa? 
No matter how hard he comes down, it won't settle or satisfy the hatred of the left!! Time to take out George Soros and send him to prison!
Fine by me. How about starting with Dem controlled cities not granting permits to them What the hell did the city think was going to happen?
Why doesn't he?  Stand up Mr Senator!
This is an opportunity for @GOP gopto separate from white supremacists and Nazis and impeach Trump.
Bullshit. Not happening. We have racists in the White House led by a #NaziPresident REMOVE HIM
Please be ready to Impeach this administration when they fail to do the right thing, like collaborate with Russia.
Leadership on this issue has to come from Southern Republicans!
Mr Graham, I encourage you to start impeachment proceedings of the blatantly unfit US President. Your inaction is destroying our Nation.
This is an opportunity for the Senate to start the impeachment process. We need a Pres that unites us. Just empty words otherwise Senator.
Impeach 45
Not good enough senator...he just emboldened a terrorist group...not good enough at all sir.

#Complicit
Thanks for nothing, Lindsey.
Come down like a hammer to get a new president. Save time and face.
You created  this @LindseyGrahamSC, by giving a wink as @realDonaldTrump dog whistled during the campaign. Too little, too late. Shame on u
You know he won't
U R complicit in fall of party of Lincoln. To salvage any future of ur party, denounce Trump NOW! #RepublicansagainstTrump
Maybe you and the GOP should come down on the president like a hammer cause he obviously won't , stand up for what's right
I have no idea where Lindsey was yesterday afternoon but it appears he has no idea what Trump said. He had David Duke thanking him!
How about all them left and right? How about speaking on what the left are doing but you can't your on the LEFT
Shut up! You'll never be president.
he didn't, he won't, stop trying! Your wasting time and Republican votes! #RepublicansagainstTrump #Resist
Just as soon as YOU come down HARD ON LEFT! Got it...
I think we'd call that "attacking his base."
After 8 yrs of BLM,ISis,Muslim brotherhood, Arab Springs,intimidation at voter booths. This clash at Va. was bound to happen We LOVE @POTUS
He won't and just talking n tweeting not enuf senator we had nothing less than domestic terrorism killing n maiming our ppl words r not enuf
Opportunity missed (again).
...or implicitly endorse them....
So, still no response to what @POTUS said yesterday? Because it doesn't look like he is going to stand up to them.
Did you see the press conference yesterday?
This is an opportunity for toady GOP Congress to come down like a hammer on this racist, corrupt administration. But you won't.
Tell us more jokes.

You're a US Senator. Do something about it before more die.
You truly live in la la land, don't you? trump's a racist, you know it and the rest of the world knows it.
But he simply exposed the face that he is an Alt-Right NAZI. He must be IMPEACHED immediately !!!  Do what is right !!!
Oh stop. Time for redemption opportunities is over. Trump is a stain on our country and you know it. To know and do nothing is a grave sin.
Apparently "making America great again" includes allowing U.S. citizens to be killed by Nazis on American soil.
Lindsey he needs to come down of all of them not just the supremacists the other side as well and you should help him do that, do your job
Label them supremacists in order to demonize them, then attack them. Are you Antifa?
Best of luck to you Sir. But don't hold your breath Sir.
Step up! Don't let Trump ruin our democracy!!!
You're a disappointment
So much for that idea. The only question now is "do you still support him?" It's leadership time...
This is Your opportunity, Senator, to call out and actively oppose racist and hatemongerer Trump!
My relatives in the south are gonna flip over this
Oh he came down alright. He came down and supported them.  When are you going to publicly repudiate him.
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump He is finished as 1 term President
When do you Republicans start to tell history as the Democrats who started the KKK even had a Grand Wizard in Congress, BYRD, who knows this
He didn't though Lindsey.  In fact he did the polar opposite  We are patiently awaiting your response to YOUR party's leader.
It's over.  DO YOUR JOB.
Another big #Russia story is coming, so  #Trump  needs a #ReichstagFire. Legislators need to so something.
I know my southern relatives are gonna flip over this
U Need to Put your Big Boy Panties On Call @realDonaldTrump Out By Name And State Exactly What he is a #NaziKkkPutinLover STAND UP 4 USA
He just won't do it.
he didn't do it!
He went the other way Senator! Now what?
Nope. Not gonna happen. You enable this truly awful human at every turn. You are complicit in the devastation of your own party & the US.
AND the #Antifa movement, another dangerous #HATE group.
Agreed and also hammer alt left! Thugs are thugs no matter the "justification"!!!!!!
Senator who beat your chest all you want, decry this admin with every single breath- HE IS NOT GOING TO CHANGE!
U KNOW he is not fit 4 office! McCain is dealing with his own shit. IT'S UP 2 U 2 RALLY GOP AND GET HIM GONE! WHAT ELSE DOES HE HAVE TO DO?
Trumjp's heavy hand:
Is? Was and he blew it as we knew he would.
Swing...and a miss!  #LoveTrumpsHate
Too. Damn. Late.
OBAMA Gave a dinner at white house for Black Lives Matter to honor them the gang who rapes kills steals, did you CRITICIZE OBAMA ???
Ha!
Well Mr Graham tht is not going to happen. UR party leader said both sides were the same.Republicans R now going to known as the NAZI PARTY
This is the opportunity for YOU and #GOP  to denounce #POTUSTrump and his Nazi racist bigot agenda and to remove him NOW! #ImpeachTrump
COME ON Lindsay will you stop covering for the man! You KNOW he will never do that because he is a WHITE SUPREMACIST SYMPATHIZER.
I'm sorry to say that this will never happen. Why are Republicans calling for him to be presidential when it is clear he is incapable?
When will you and the Rep party impeach 45? It's enough already. Do the right thing for our country and do it NOW!
What good is infrastructure and tax reform if the South becomes volatile again?  Are you all scared of these militia/antigov/kkk types?
This is an opportunity for senators to come down like a hammer on this .  For  sake!  What exactly is worth THIS?
Americans are begging you to step up and take action.  History is watching.  This is pivotal and you know it.  s & s are both @ you.
#SayHisName 
Donald Trump is the President of the United States and he is calling nazi's "good people".
Great. So that means you'll stop supporting this administration! Oh, wait...it's you. Nvm. Tomorrow will be business as usual for you.
He didn't... WTH are you all going to do about it!! This president is destroying our country with his delusions and constant lies!
Keep dreaming.. white Americans that voted 4 him or just as bigoted as trump. They new what he was
WRONG! We NOW expect YOU to take a hard stand against a bigot, divisive, racist, unpatriotic and unapologetic morally bankrupt President
And Trump blew it big time during the press conference.
Seriously, dude...I alternate from liking you to thinking you are bat shit crazy.  This statement warrants the latter.
Now it's up to you Senator. Do the right thing and separate yourself from the Racist in Chief.
He didn't and he won't get him out Lindsey be a good man do the right thing
But he won't! #ImpeachTrump
This will happen when PIGS FLY
How do you keep getting re-elected?
But he won't Mr. graham.  Now what?  What are your ideas???
Yeah right! Dream on. Trump is one of them.
The hammer missed its mark.
So Mr Graham. What now?  I am terrified for our country and I am white!!
What do u say now?!
You are at times the weirdest person. Get him the hell out of that office or are you afraid of Pence?
Clearly you are referring to a toy hammer.
NO,NO,NO! This is a chance for the effing GOP to denounce effing Nazi Bigots and impeach our mentally unstable racist 'President'.
Yea ok
Yeah, I know, but he needs all the encouragement we can give to stand up. He's not strong,So when he says something good, I try to encourage
Where is your integrity? Losers, one and all!
You should come down like a hammer on T-rump before he destroys the GOP.
Give him an earful about his lack of moral authority as Leader.
He blew it! Now stand up and do the right thing...fire him!
Well, Mr. Graham, so far all I'm seeing is lip service. When are you going to actually stop him from driving us all into the ground?
AS WELL AS BLM GROUPS
You're riding on a train speeding towards political demise, best jump off b4 you go down as a supporter of the worst President in history
Lindsey.  goddamnit.
How about on Black Lives Matter? Antifa? Black Panthers? Hmmm?
Well, THAT didn't work out, Lindsey! How about you guys in Congress drop the hammer  on this scourge of a President and Save America !!
This is an opportunity for Congress to save America. Don't miss it Graham. #25ththe45th
GIVE UP you've already sank your reputation!
But they won't, country over party.#impeach
Think again - you must stand up to this man and save our country from him - NOW!!!
Do you ever get tired of feigning surprise at trump? Go find a fainting couch like a good southern woman & leave it up to others to save USA
What about Antifia?
good one, Senator. Wishful thinking?
Wake up @LindseyGrahamSC it ain't happening
Bro, read the damn room.  Is this a joke?!
how about black supremacists
But @realDonaldTrump is a sympathizer so he will agitate the Country with hostile inferences and allegations. Very sad.
This is an opportunity for your fucking party to stop harvesting ignorance for political gain. The Southern Strategy got you here.
Yeah, good luck with that
WHY? IT WASN'T THEIR FAULT, ARE YOU RACIST AGAINST KKK?
Senator this is the time to go to the WH and tell Mr Trump he has to go. He is destroying the country and the party. He is unfit. ENOUGH!
And @realDonaldTrump failed to do any such thing. If not now, Senator, when? Time for Trump to go!
Senator, you say that now but I bet you anything that you'll continue to support him. Trump has shown us & the world who he really is. 1/2
The decent people of this country demand more than just your empty rhetoric. We need you to back up your words w/ concrete actions. #Impeach
This is or This WAS? He didn't! Wtf?
He isn't. Do you not have ears?
So where is ur voice today Sen Graham
That opportunity came and went. Trump buried it for good this afternoon. Get on the right side quick, senator.
Tax breaks for the rich aren't going to happen, just like "healthcare" didn't happen. Time to cut your losses. He'll cost you your job.
He attached McCain AGAIN at this press conference today. What's it going to take for you all to get rid of this idiot!
You really think he will do that after his news conference today? Better go buy him a hammer
