As you are Sir
You have been in Washington for 30 years.   Are you now finally being honest about what is going on there?
cc: @JennaBushHager @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy
WANTED: New election!
WHEN: Now!
(U.S. Const. art. II, § 1, cl. 4)
#nullify2016 #GREY2017
Sen.McCain, keep fighting. We will keep praying.
Look who is talking!
Two grandstanders.  Drain the swamp.  All being exposed day by day
He's also a scum-bag for campaigning just last year on FULL REPEAL -- even voting for it -- but now voting against it.
Can we agree?
Good answers Senator!  Here's an idea:  Give Gen Kelly the Trump Agenda and send Trump on an all-expenses paid world tour for 41 months.
Drain the swamp!
U both r nothing but turncoats. Rhinos and should be removed from office
Maybe you should talk some sense into him and give some relief to all the American people who are hurting from Obamacare!
the ppl hurting from ACA are those that would be better off if the repubs hadn't gutted it before it passed. Employer mandate: repub idea
I know first hand about people who are hurting from the Unaffordable Care Act, I don't need you or anyone else to explain it to me!
Also, "i know first hand ABOUT people..." a bit contradictory.  Do you know people first hand or do you know about people? Big difference
traitors Mccain & graham...the swamp must be drained. America is awake and these traitors are toast
Your friend has open Uranium Mines in N AZ and doing nothing about it. Leaking into drinking water on the Navajo REZ
Yeah, warmongering psychos always find each other.
cc: @JennaBushHager @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy
"Neither...qualified" - US Const., Amend. XX
#integrity #nullify2016
These jokers want us killed.They'd be thrilled to lose liberal cities like LA then declare marshal law. Coup complete-democracy gone.
L Graham.....not the guy you want next to you in a foxhole....or a locker room!
Hilarious!
You both need to be tried for treason and fucking hung from the highest tree
https://www.facebook.com/newlypress/videos/1865152317082474/ …
Yes Sir, you ask John McCain what he thinks of your "merit" immigration. ? You chat that up with your voters, See how well you do?
McCain rises above the political quagmire to offer reasoned, bipartisan solutions. All @SenateGOP need to work for Americans, not ideology
Aw . . . Bullshit
So what about your constituents that you promised repeal and replace. You are a Democrat. https://www.facebook.com/newlypress/videos/1865152317082474/ …

you both are despicable
yep, two rhino's, you have a lot in common,a real bro-mance.body language expert pointed out how he defers to you on youtube (Bombards)
Both of you are lying politician hores... terrible people that can not be trusted.
Choose your friends better.
John McCain is a Freud. He ran on repeal but lied when it came down to it. We pay 70% of his healthcare due to Obama baiting.
John McCain is a crony Democrat.
No war please!!!!!!!!!
Hopefully you will scrap your terrible #wealthcare proposal and get some bipartisan work done improving the #ACA. It works and you know it!
which is why the ppl of SC are ashamed of our senator, open primaries, dem voters crossing over, outside money keep him in office,
Just shut up graham. Your just getting back at Trump for cell phone incident. Enough is enough
The deference is he is the only  Maverick now and he is hero to millions of Americans who were about to suffer from repealing ACA

Loyalty, good friend, and patriot.  Words that are never associated with trump
Senator, so glad you appreciate @SenJohnMcCain so much. America needs more heroes like him. Please follow John's footsteps at the Senate!
there all rino traitors.None belong in DC.They are against what the people want.Both have taken money from Soro's so now there owned
Senator Graham is becoming one of my favorite Republican Senator
Give up being a wing man for a renegade
John McCain just betrayed this country, the PRES, and the people!! He LIED when he ran on repeal & replace!!!
So sorry about McCain's brain tumor. It is not time for him to retire & appoint his replacement. His choice will define him.
I can see the two of them out chasing women lmao.
Both of you need to RESIGN.
Two democrats on the today show. They do it to get some democrats and some republicans to get enough votes. The couple will loose soon.
I like Sen Graham, just now understand where he's at.
Hey graham he is your wingman he killed obama care repeal even though he campaigned to repeal it. Now cancer will kill him yea hope its soon
Appreciate Senator's Graham and McCain. They want what is best for all Americans and everyone should work together in Congress for America.
Which senator do they belong to?
I love these two.  Praying for McCain's health and Lindsey's peace of mind.  They're the real deal.  
If only there were more like them.
Two American leaders who put security of our nation above party. Everyone should follow their lead.
Lindsay Graham talks a good game then votes for empty bills.
Loved the town hall during campaign-awesome moment regarding friendship.
Elsewhere a
And both are NEVER TRUMPERs, failed at presidential elections you do have a lot in common. Two sad little wingmen, such a sad legacy.
Thank you, Sen! Thank you for everything!

What wonderful caring friends
More like Partners in crime. Both Graham and McCain are failed Prez candidates whose soul purpose is to obstruct @POTUS agenda.
Friends who do thy bidding..
With friends like that who needs backstabbers
Try getting #HC fixed
Keep any man tears in check or suffer the wrath for showing human emotion by the leader of your party & the traitor you keep supporting.
Nice friend of conservative america!
yea but Graham doesn't get the Rothschild and Soros money like John does...
Would be nice if McCain felt any sense of loyalty to the ppl of AZ that don't have access to quality health care like he does.
Well, as Dino sang "Everybody Loves Somebody Sometime."  Glad to hear these to psuedo-Republicans found that special love.
Lindsey Graham and John McCain birds of a feather? Senator McCain has shown himself to be a liar and petulant grudge holder.  Shame on him.
ANOTHER 2 FACE LIAR...DEMO/DUMBO FUDGIE
and together we DP the country as often as possible.
A true American hero!  Country comes before party.
HMMMM!
How can you have a friend who breaks his word?
I don't care what anyone says, I think they're an adorable old couple.
Then you should have talked to your friend about supporting our President and the people that elected him on his promise to repeal OCare.
Of course they are friends. They are both RINOS who are extremely bitter because Trump accomplished what they couldn't.
Just remember the Maverick killed the Goose.
I wish you'd be OUR wingman. I have no trust in your words. You KNOW this guy has to go. He's dangerous to all of us. Grow a pair!
#John is getting his #Karma, your will come soon. #Warmongers
Snakes tend to gravitate toward each other.
Actually both of them have not done one thing for this country the only thing they push is their agenda
What a pair to draw to Mr 1% and the traitor
saber rattling nonsence, the US has not the stamina to win this!
Do you want a real scandal? Sen Graham on Military Tricare after only serving one day a year in USAR.
Can you get your wingman to go along with your Obamacare repeal and replace plan? Or was this a setup all along for you 2 to take credit?
Yep you have both let the Democrats and Obama walk all over you now you have taken a can't beat em so join em attitude
Replace this Rino!!!
Friends, twin traitors, colluters of evil, sore losers, crybabies, whatever.
Sir, we ask you and Mr Graham to acknowledge the POTUS problem in front of all of us.  Denial amongst the GOP cannot continue.  Stop this.
Not the "reset" that is needed.  POTUS has quite possibly dabbled in obstruction, multiple times.  Amazing horrid recall abilities at best.
So full if shit
Lindsey I hope You start putting your Country first Like John did last Friday Morning. America Needs people that puts America first !
Such an inspiring example of true friendship. God bless both of you!
AZ has crap ins.My brother. 34. Job. Family. Small kids.Grade 4 Glioblastoma but no access to quality care like McCain has. We don't matter
More than a damn wingman.
He's a liar!
Sending good wishes you beat this terrible cancer! 
Quite possibly the two politicians most important to America right now:  John McCain and Lindsey Graham.
Gay lovers
You both should resign!!!
Amazing you betrayed him too along with your constituents in Arizona. Sad
God bless these 2 leaders, mostly I disagree with 'em but appreciate their motives! On the military, we spend half our $ & still must rebld?
When John McStain dies, I fear Miss Lindsey will commit suicide. Hopefully anyway!
NBC sucks the big one!
True friends! Pray for McCain's fast recovery #McCainStrong
Az has crap ins.My brother. 34. Family. Job. Small kids. Grade 4 Glioblastoma but no access to quality care like McCain has. Lied to voters
Az citizens starting RECALL on McCain, we've had enough..
Yeah, good luck with that Tim. Let's remove the last true patriot w/the courage of his convictions in the Senate (apology to Collins/Murkow)
YOU BOTH NEED TO GO!! #TermLimits NOW #MAGA
@SenJohnMcCain RESIGN #MAGA
This is touching. Best wishes to @SenJohnMcCain
The list was created by @charles_gaba and he sorted the list to what conservatives could consider. Note the tag in the beginning.
Don't support graham's health proposal. Here's a list with both conservative and liberal ideas
True Congress Senator Mccain and Senator Graham that understand country of party and their constituents over party

Now more than ever u inspire many 2 make most of each day.  Today is the day the Lord has made, let us rejoice and b glad in it.
You were a traitor then and you are a traitor now!

they both took money from soros, so i trust neither
"Birds of a feather flock together."

Yet, standing with your friend,you trashed the"skinny repeal",then voted FOR it. Call it ACA instead of OBAMAcare.Could help you get over it
I'm glad he's been such a FRIEND to you, because he sure has been stabbing a knife in the back of the American people. He's a TRAITOR!
That means you are a worthless, bought & paid  4 Senator too.  The company you keep says alot about you.
Literally gay for John McCain.
Why didn't you help then?  Why were you just another face in the crowd?
They're both Traitors. Both should be removed from office. Hopefully someone will run against this big mouth Lindsey.
What a lovely couple. Evil twins
Birds of a feather flock together. Traitors
Yeah I'm sure you two are more than that. Waiting to see him cured of cancer, u know like Carter. But we have no cure. B.s. u all lie
A couple of wing dings
UGH~ YOU SHOULD BE HORSEWHIPPED~
Puppets, globalist, the media and these idiots
McCain&Graham sell WP & DU ammo 2terrorists
https://trud.bg/350-diplomatic-flights-carry-weapons-for-terrorists/ …
CIA said gas kids #TimberSycamore #AwanBrothers 
https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP86T01017R000100770001-5.pdf …
Can't stand either of them. Like evil,snake twins in the Senate
McCain-Graham sell WP 2terrorists
https://trud.bg/350-diplomatic-flights-carry-weapons-for-terrorists/ …
CIA said gas kids #TimberSycamore #MAGA Flake Ledezma #CNN
https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP86T01017R000100770001-5.pdf …
"Rebuild" the military & "fix" heathcare shows Senator Graham's priorities...that Ike warned of. And we all hope John McCain gets well..
Nice quote from Ike... a person that served in a war can truly see that for what it is...the truth
He is coming back to senate. He is fighter. The world needs you 2 Senators
Yes we need them....TO LEAVE!!!!!!
Too bad @LindseyGrahamSC didn't have the intestinal fortitude to vote against Trumpcare like his friend #votethemout
I think he may have if it was needed. It only needed the one vote to go down in flames- so McCain did it. Nothing to lose for him. 
If that was the case, McCain was the last vote. So when was Graham going to change his casted "yeah" vote? Too late at that point

Patriots! Patriots over party!   
So that's 2 of the Deep StateDo embedded into your wallets & not your constituentsTime 4 new republicans in congress & old out. @GOP @POTUS
I hate him so much. South Carolina needs a senator who doesn't say useless things from both sides of his mouth.
Another Goober from Mayberry
