now that's draining the swamp, isn't it???!!!
Where are Trump's tax returns?
Just forget all the nonsense about drainin' the swamp
As long as you support DT's swamp, I cannot listen to your minor words of objection.  Actions speak louder than words.
Mnuchin is a bad addition to worst Cabinet ever. More important, will you let Trump get away with selling us out to Russia?
yep.  party before country.  you are allowing trump to put nails in the GOP coffin.
oh wow!  It took ten year to recover from the last debacle and you are offering CONGRATULATIONS?
Are you against congress reviewing/ disclosing trumps income tax returns?
Reinact Glass Steagall Act introduced by Tulsi Gabbard 2 separate Speculative Central Banking Cartel from commercial banks!
good job draining the swamp! Wait..what?
how do you look in the mirror each morning?
I thought better of you, guess I was wrong.
it seems like there are bigger things you should be focusing on like um RUSSIA and the conflict with the WH!
so you will support every destructive cabinet nominee and pat yourself on the back? You are supposed to be an adult GOPer
@stevenmnuchin1 lied to you...and you confirmed him anyway.   When does country come before party?
Clearly you have never had your home confiscated by this man. Lucky you.
Making Wall Street & Bankers GREAT
again? And you'll fund that
by kicking souls off
Medicaid? #EXgop
how much are you getting from Goldman Sachs Senator??? Treason. All of you. Selling our nation to the highest bidder.
yeah, not supporting this one. Thanks for dragging us back toward economic crisis #ImpeachTrump
Replacing the SWAMP with Morass, well done!
the level of lack of knowledge and ethics in these nominees is mind boggling. Remember, you will not be in power forever.
translation: i, for one, welcome our next wall st. created economic crisis.
yeah because they sit in their towers watching ppl starve below. #GoldenParachute #SwampThing
serious draining of swamps here, great job
What is in it for you? Grow a backbone and stand up for your constituents,  or find yourself out of a job!
r u kidding me???
This how the GOP helps working families? Very disappointing
You. Are. Deplorable.  We SC voters will not forget how you betrayed us.
What a bunch of hypocrites you and your Republican cronies are @lindseygraham#
how does he help the middle class Americans? He WON'T. It's a shame that republicans can't see the harm they are doing. 
You do realize that once it's on the Internet, it's forever on the Internet, right?
How could a player in the downfall of our economy be a legitimate appointment?  Could not be more disappointed.
Sen. Graham- let's put the niceties aside and maybe ask some more questions about Russia. What's wrong with the GOP?
Have u picked out your new Lobby job?Lotta money in your future Screw America Thanks for nothing
Do you support Flynn?
One minute, I am prostrate with gratitude for your sanity amongst lunatics, and then... this architect of destruction?
sellout! It's disgraceful that Wall Street has now extended themselves to Pennsylvania Ave  #HesInChargeOfMoneyAndStealsIt
He lied about robo-signing foreclosure docs. Of course you support him. Where are your standards? Just following?
Once again you voted for Wall Street instead of Main Street.
Great - but what are you doing about Flynn, Bannon, etc?
Another swamp creature, hope he does better with the country. His performance on Wall St wasn't a shining moment, was it?
I used to think you were cool. Guess I was wrong.
Worst. Decision. Ever.
sell outSenator
Sold us straight down the coal-waste-filled river.
Swamp ?
Draining the swamp? Wrong for Hillary to give a speech to Wall Street but OK for Wall Street to run the Treasury?
I've decided that you are a waffling snake. You have no compass.
I expected you to lead, sir, not to fall in line with a dangerous and erratic president.
bc having Goldmn Sachs in charge is so brilliant. Fiscally conservative. We Can always borrow from the cartel again
Lindsey, you know Trump is dangerous. Please stop him.
you're quite the independent voice
not good.
completely disagree with your Mnuchin and DeVos support.
Congratulations, you just put the Fox in charge of the hen house!
I hope you read these comments, maybe you can start to realize your not working on our behalf but your own wicked goals
WHEN are Senate Republicans going to stand up to this administration??  Can't wait to see you all voted out!
We are a country of fools and you are playing a jester sir.
Horrible Bosses 2? I mean, that just screams credibility in the finance and banking sectors.
@realDonaldTrump is surrounding himself w/yes-men like a dictator. Hoped Repubs were smart enuf to see it. Guess not.
shameful Republicans not my treasury secretary
do you not have a conscience?
so how many of your constituents did he screw in his previous job? Epic fail for the people
Very disappointing.
Seriously, you are so disappointing. You realize that DT has it out for you, but you are still #PartyBeforeCountry
Can you honestly answer how his lying and profiting off foreclosing on the elderly is something you are ok with?
Selling out our country one vote at a time. We will never forget
Terrible. Can't believe you supported this turd
hope your votes come back and bite you in the a$$. These appointees r not what we had in mind 2 drain the swamp. More muck.
I seriously question your ability to evaluate the character of others.
Shame on you!
Russia.
Rome is burning, and you are fanning the flames.
The dismantling of our society is happening on your watch.  How long do you ignore infiltration of Russians?
shame shame shame. I am ashamed for having this man run de department of treasury
I gotta believe that in your heart you know this man is toxic to America but you're so obviously afraid of Trump. Why?!?
Again, political prostitution. Instead of draining the swamp, just bigger alligators. You disappoint me and S. Carolina
#SwampCabinet
Stop tweeting and start working. DO YOUR JOB. Congress members think tweeting justifies their $180K+ salary. It doesn't.
We sent you to Washington to represent the interests of SC, a state that will be harmed by Mnuchin.
I'm in your district and will be voting for your opponent in the next election.
I had such high hopes for you yet u voted along party lines 4 these people who clearly have ethics & other issues. Swamp!
I had hoped that there was at least one Republican unwilling to put party over people. The search continues. @GOP #resist
He'll never live up to Tim Geithner. Sorry!
how's that swamp filling going?
NO congrats for "The foreclosure king" Mnuchin. Major player in the last finacial meltdown!
Buy your tent now.We will all be homeless soon
yes homeless while they put more money (our money) into their pockets.
My husband and I live on SS we paid not them and now Graham and the GOP wants that too
unfortunately that's where it seems to be going. Vote senators out in 2018 since they ignore middle class.
Sen. Graham, your GOP supporters thank you for your stalwart backing of this cabinet.
"Real world experience" You crooked SOB.
fuuuuck him
Shame.
Congratulations on destroying the country.
Seniors, Manuchin will be gunning for us first. Be very weary.
Very disappointed with the confirmations the GOP is pushing through. You are contributing to what will lead to an
unprecedented level of failure in the US government. The choices that your GOP buddies and yourself are making will come
with negative repercussions that America has never seen. The "people" will never forgive or forget what you have all done.
yeah I wouldn't brag about that vote.
can you be more specific about what you hope Mnuchin will do? Details matter to us.
Just what Americans need - someone who lied to the Senate about his role in the Great Recession. #resist
Please assure the U.S. that the executive branch is dedicated to American interests alone as soon as possible.
Or you could stand up to big banks…
Most of the time, I can see your point.  Not in this case, however.
Please don't send us into a new housing crisis
, SC's there. The rent is too damn high in District 1! (For real though, no affordable housing here now. Lame.)
Another alligator; swamps getting kinda full.
Sir why oh why? You promised to drain the swamp. This is filling the swamp. #countryoverparty #beatruepatriot
#buildtheswamp
GET YOUR MONEY UNDER THE MATTRESS, FOLKS!
Why would you do this? @IndivisibleTeam
The GOP has completely lost touch with the American people. This is disgraceful.
what is your statement on Flynn?
Ugh
Fox guarding the henhouse .
You, Mr. Graham, are making your bed.
You have sold out the American People for power and greed.  We the people will not be ignored. You serve at our pleasure.
Your days are numbered!
Thought you had some guts
Your vote is important, Sen. Lindsey Graham,I trust you voted. I watched voting on Senate floor.
Mnuchin took advantage of those in a financial crisis and the elderly. You should be ashamed of yourself for voting for him
Saving my $ to try to take advantage of the "good business" strategy. Do you think I will have 2-3 yrs before crash?
Shame on you! All who voted for this crook ought to hang your heads in shame. 
Nothing pro blue collar hard working Americans in this cabinet.
Oh, he's outstanding, all right. Just not in the way you think.

Hello @LindseyGrahamSC!So you've voted another "swamp thing" into the Cabinet, now can you please face your constituents in a town hall?
I just threw up.  We're totally screwed.  Thanks repugs.
Is there anything you republicans do not want to take from  middle class America
He profited from abusing Americans during the housing crisis and you have jumped in the swamp. VOTERS will remember.
you are a traitor to the working people of SC and America. #urhistory
I know he's good at stealing large amounts of money. But, how good of a pickpocket is he? #dealbreaker
You know this will f*** things up for regular people. The fact that you go along with this makes what happens your fault.
do you remember a little year called 2008? How was your stock portfolio looking after the crash #anotherswampcreature
Guess you support getting grannies kicked out of their homes.
Im so disappointed in you having ANYTHING To do with ANYONE in this Admin! So far theres Racist &Liars! Guess your no diff
foreclosure king?Really? Must feel great to want to deregulate the financial institutions that screwed us over just yrs ago
Wow.  I didn't realize you were pro-corruption.
Im sick about this. He ripped people off. How could you vote for him?
I can only hope that the people remember your votes during these confirmations when they tell you Adios!!!
this is a complete slap in the face of all Americans. Do you not remember the Great Recession
That swamp's not overflowing yet, Linds??
That is very disappointing, Sen. Graham.
. @LindseyGrahamSC Why did you vote for someone who lied about robosigning to the Senate in his hearings?
Let the foreclosures begin!
Thanks for letting us know you continue to support corruption.
Keep fighting for the USA.
Boo.
