No US industry should rely on foreign labor! Underpaid foreign workers create a false bottom to US wages! Support #equalpay not globalism!
Under payed my ass! I've worked with them. They make as much or more than Americans. The gripe is about taxes!!!
Many illegals indeed work for LESS than minimum wage! This Liberal Farce prevents blue-collar American workers from getting fair work! #tcot
I can't blame Mexicans for coming here. They receive 100% profit and pay 0% tax and their exempt from Obama' s head tax.
I wonder if I could become a Mexican citizen and work here under same conditions? Hell, I could rival Trump in riches in a few years.
Adios Muchacho! Good luck with that plan #amigo #tcot #ccot #USA #13a #votestrek #Eugene #strek4congress @POTUS @BreitbartNews @eugeneweekly
Dude, you supported him. This is on you. Own it.
No, Graham never supported Trump.
He ultimately came around to him, he's voted yes on every appointment. That's support
It is only support for the appointee. That Trump has appointed people acceptable to Republicans is not surprising or newsworthy.
Betsy Devos, Rick Perry,  etc should be acceptable only to those without brains.
We have a shortage of unskilled labor in SC?  Who knew?!
I support you on sensible immigration reform. What can I and other like minded voters do to move this forward?
Then I guess you need an amendment for those kinds of workers. You can't look the other way for illegals.
We already have it. Btw trump admin added 15000 H2Bs instead. The type that work at his golf courses. Not the brightest and the best.
They better start using it.
They do. People forget is the best country in the world. People will never stop wanting to come here no matter what we do. We are the best
No one forgets or disagrees that the US is the best. There is a pt that we need to limit.
Whatever we do it wont stop.
True..  but it doesn't mean we should stop trying
Odd! Why doesn't Grahams owners pay higher wages instead of paying Graham off to attempt a cluster to screw over 50 US states?
Why not invest in Education in your state ? 
SC ranks # 50    in Education  according to US News and World Report
why dont you have people in your own state work in that field instead of having the opportunity taken away from them and given to immigrants
Because it's hard, backbreaking work that pays for shit, and I'm guessing, like most other states, people from the state don't want to do it
The whole point of cutting immigration is that employers must raise wages.
Yep, if you cut immigration, that forces citizens to do those jobs, which emplyers would have to raise the wages for
Screw you the AMERICAN ppl come first and ppl want to work but you must have something to gain if you keep pushing this so time you go
LINDSEY SUPPORTS CHEAP FOREIGN SLAVE LABOR INSTEAD OF #AmericaFirst #VoteHimOut
Vote the bum out
Ivanka stuff isn't made in America. None of it. Just like dear old daddy
Trump didn't sign any bad trade deals, but they impacted his business just like many others.
Still, doesn't change my point. It's all about the money. It's just words
We shall see. Some businesses won't be able to return to USA overnight.
But some are leaving overnight
All they can do is try to make the USA more business friendly. Can't force them to stay.
Have the people on welfare do the work of the immigrants!!!
How about you require those accepting handouts work for a living instead of sitting at home, could fill a lot of those positions
Thank you Senator. Need more people like you who actually care more about your citizens than politics for its own sake.
How is replacing Americans with cheap foreign labor like Libdsey Graham wants to do caring about your fellow citizens?
Here's an example:
They need to do something else. Georgia in the past used prison labor to pick Vidalia onions.
Wary of prisons used 4 low cost labor: http://wfpl.org/consultant-sentenced-prison-part-kickback-scheme/ … (% notice, it's Dem that's implicated in this one; another, Penn Judge, etc)
If they come with a skill to add to the economy and speak english how is that hurting sc? And keep them off gov teet
Bec of him 12 million illegals r here taking Americans jobs and keeping wage low since work in the cheap . Plz vote this dirtbag out
Hes the biggest rino
Him mcnasty his boyfriend , Sasse , flake all have to exit
That's South Carolina's Problem....
It is despicable and unAmerican. The President is liar. He is immoral. Please Dear God let this end. #ImpeachTrump
I hope you can stop it Senator. I'm in your neighbor state NC. Wilmington where tourism is very important here also.
Hire Americans.
They won't take the jobs.
We'll see. If there are unemployed Americans on government benefits then they should be forced to work
We need reasonable & ethical and realistic reforms. Not pandering plans.
Tired of immigration. Totally over it. If up to me, we would have zero immigration for at least 5 years!
I think reasonable people can come together and craft a great bill for immigration!  I really do - everyone st the table. Including me n you
RAISE is the Pro American bill! You can clean your own tables or pay higher wages! Sick & tired of you selfish scoundrels! #MAGS Flush
Also devastating to the Arizona economy!
Hire Americans and pay more.
Not enough people applying for the jobs, but thanks for playing!!
It's not up to the government to subsidize employers by importing cheap workers. So find another business model.
They wouldn't be subsidizing, but nice try.
They are if giving them food stamps or paying Americans not to work so they can bring in immigrants for campaign donor small businesses.
The term "grasping at straws"comes to mind.
Are you suggesting that immigrants are not receiving food stamps and there are no Americans collecting govt. benefits while not working?
you.ride the fence you are a coward. .. stand up against orange hair babboon and be a hero or  Sit down  and fade into obscurity with him
R u guys waiting til u get what u want before u start impeachment??  I thought a few of you (incldg u) would put country first.  I'm afraid.
start supporting law abiding citizens instead of illegals!!! You need to retire or wake up to SC needs
@LindseyGrahamSC any excuse will do so long as you can oppose @POTUS Have you checked to see the will of the people. Pass Immigration policy
#Recall LindseY Graham we want the immigration bill. You'll use any excuse to oppose   @POTUS
The proposal, which is a stunt, would devastate SC's economy
GOP needs to do what's right and get Trump out of office. Thx for standing up, pls do more.
you need to learn the difference between green card and seasonal workers. Wait no you don't, soon it won,t be your problem.
none of you have a clue this does not effect the guest worker program it effects green card recipients
Illegals are good for the country
This doesn't effect visa's that help farmers Lindsey.Instead of just bashing it,try reading it! Enjoy your final term! Shove your amnesty!
Dear Senator I liked you since you popped up during the impeachment  admired your intellect and allSouthern assets
You were a national pride
Not so mulch today You have turned all your positive life's achievements into meaningless 
How can you turn against your president
Thanks to HASHEM we have a new PRESIDENT with aNEW AGENDA
Were you happier under traitor barrybarack or criminal hillary
Shame on you Lindsey, get off your high horse and support our president!
Try relying on AMERICAN workers instead, you hack. Why are you in the (R) party when all you do is oppose (R) issues, the (R) Pres & voters?
Where's your proposal to correct what you consider flaws?
we need immigration control get a clue
Oh the poor poor slave owner plantations!  we need our slaves back!
No, you just won't be able to pay slave wages to illegals anymore, might have to pay an honest wage.
You are a hippocrit! It's not about what you want, it's about the people and what we want! We elected President Trump.
You should get one of your staffers to read it to you , then explain it for you too!
Tough!! There are plenty on unemployed Americans who can fill those slots!
It is a fact that Immigration lowers wages for American workers. Stop hurting hard-working Americans and limit legal immigration now!
What about the low or 0 income people who can't get jobs because of illegal immigrant SLAVE labor?
I've spent 6 months vacationing in HHI the last two years - Skipping SC altogether this year cuz of you - tout your tourism elsewhere!
Seriously? You don't know the difference between a permanent green card and seasonal employment of immigrants? Why are YOU in office?
get in touch with the folks that put you in office.  Your are supposed to represent us not your own agenda
do you not understand that most South Carolinians agree with immigrants need to come here legally
Ah, so this is about cheap labor!  If you Americans want jobs, join the military and fight the wars Graham wants to start. Becoming clearer.
IOW, what's good for my re-election?
And what percentage of these workers get federal tax payer aid?  If it's above 0.0%, then nothing else matters, send them packing.
You are not for America and its people retire or be voted out.
Here's an idea Sen Graham.  Work with Trump to improve the bill instead of acting like a Democrat and just complaining.  Otherwise, retire.
Well Mr. Graham the entire US does not feel that way keep letting the hard workers have to support these people-your state will see your dem
Yeah devasting to have to pay real US citizens a living wage. You're a traitor and king of the swamp. Hopefully this is your last term!
I believe your IQ is reading in the negative numbers. You do understand what that means don't you? @TreyGowdySC
Kindly leave the senate. We do not repeat not need more foreign workers. They suppress wages.
Nonsense! They drive wages down. They clog hospitals. Overrun schools. Just throw the borders wide open then. Let them all come. 
So why are there still 91,710 people unemployed in SC? Maybe because migrants/illegal aliens have taken the work away from them?
Devasting?  You are a horrible actor, politician and salesman.  You are a great Democrat. Sniveling old lady.
They could be under work visa program like lifeguards & other summer help does in DE, VA. Remarks just antiTrump b/c surely not so stupid
We've been relying on you to be a republican and you have proven otherwise!
cheap labor. Why should we vote for you. Maybe cheap labor will vote for you!!
I don't give a crap Graham immigration has been stripped to fit Dems not how it used to be family sponsor, speak English get job!#VoteYouOut
half of all immigrants are on welfare and free healthcare while we have vets dying on our streets.I thought vets come first I guess not
you are truly trying to destroy this county.  Remember the election, the people who voted for Trump because of this.  You don't care.  Wow.
I tried, as an umployed, U.S. Citizen, SC Resident, to get a job picking .  I was told, "we have enough Mexican's to do that." #SCJobs
;; Time to rely on the food stamp sucking population to join the work force. You just can't seem to help yourself.
Racist graham again helping illegals because he gets money from businesses that exploit illegal immigrants
SC also can be Southern Cal. Anyone who thinks native born will work 4 what migrant workers earn has been smoking the crop they're picking.
Why don't you get rid of socialist programs starting with SSI so Americans will actually work its a shame gov paying for people not to work
No stupid that is called government social programs- SSI , Medicare, food stamps,housing subsidies,Medicaid,ethanol and farm  subsidies
Grahamnesty, get on board with this sensible immigration reform or run as an independent you tool. History will judge you on this
Why are you always trying to drive down wages by importing cheap labor?
You supported @POTUS u knew what he was like.  He showed his true self all during the campaign.  You and the GOP own this.  Period.
Stop putting the Trump down. He is your President and you should work to help & not obstruct
wrong.
Sir YOU are a diengenuous liar.  #americafirst #passraiseact
American workers can fill in.  Keeping lower wages hurt the country. Need innovators that can provide better job creation
You remember those zero delegates you got in the primaries? Here's why. #ass
Check out the common sense leadership on this senator!   Keep at it - you know they are going to follow you.  Rs need your cover.  
Senator: Our schools are inundated by disadvantaged immigrants. Could they be compromising the education and future of our children?MAGA
You don't care about AMERICAN WORKERS.  All you care about is the big business bottom line. Let this companies hire AMERICAN CITIZENS
This has NOTHINg to do with temporary visas senator. Why don't read the bill before u lampoon it? If I had friends like u who needs enemies
Senator: Tourism is important because we gave the textile industry to China and Mexico...now they are growing the cotton too. MAGA
Traitor
Did our esteemed president forget where we all came from or is he a Native American?
Senator: A single Indian geneticist has the capacity to displace thousands of field workers with a better tomato.  Support the president.
Stand up for SC people who want to work and need jobs! NOT special interest!
If unskilled workers take SC jobs what will skilled workers who speak English do? That's more competition.
Senator: Work in tobacco field as a youth? Different now , isn't it?
My grandparents came from Canada spoke only French. I guess they wouldn't have qualified to be an American. Sad
The proposed bill is the most racist I have ever heard from an American government. This is not American
Oh no, the low wages paid for agriculture workers will have to be raised.
No Vichy Lindsey, it is your campaign donations from big business that you don't want to vanish.  Sicko!
When are you going to start standing with the American people? Or at least register as the correct party!
u can give work visas which would solve that problem
BS
Support RAISE to help the unemployed in your own state. What's wrong with you? Put our own people to work. Stop importing labor NOW.
I live in SC-union member and my husband has a small business in construction and we support Trump tired of competing against illegals
Something wrong with workers being here Legally... Little Lindsey???
We need 10 year ban on all immigration and a lifetime ban on Lindsey Graham!
Is this newly occurring to you? You support this madman!
Where was the celebration for signing Russian Sanctions bill?  Did I miss the beer truck and clapping Republicans??
Bullshit you are saying without that
Shit you and your buddies making
Less than 200k would not be worth
10 of millions of dollars
Sounds like something a slave master would have said.
but like #trumpcare you would vote for it anyway.  Why do you speak out on these things and then do the opposite when it comes time to vote?
Devestating not only for SC, but for US. With low births and aging population, NO CHANCE to meet 3% GDP with 50% cut
#FORGETABOUTIT
Im not sure if there's anyone more f.o.s. In politics than graham. All bark no bite.

Rino
Please talk to @TomCottonAR. He doesn't understand. Thanks!
Sounds remarkably like what SC Plantation Owners said prior to the Emancipation Proclamation, quick Lindsey your Democrat is showing.
Waaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh
Sad that we have to endure 4 more years of this idiot in office.
Why don't you try reading the bill before you publicly criticize it?
Immigrants can only work in the fields and b house slaves? How Southern Democrat of you. #ThursdayThought
Actually, #1 industry in SC is a cash crop called Marijuana...Let's state the facts- #2 is Tobacco & #3 politicians/lobbyists! #BigPockets
Do really know how many unemployed SC US citizens want to work & can't because of the illegal aliens infiltrating the economy? E-Verify
Maybe the homeless & non employed will be motivated to work if they have jobs available... WIN for America- Speak English, No welfare, work
Apparently you did not have children who suffered through the non English speaking illegal aliens who fester classrooms- as did mine.
Are you blind to the fact the new SC credit card is a food stamp card? Anyone with an ID can get a min of $200 a month with NO Verification.
Canada gets all their work done w/ the same system that Trump is proposing. Are we just lazy as sh*t. Keep America Lazy is Graham's message
Another politician who isn't going to be happy until the US looks like Europe. Next the American flag will be replaced with a global flag.
Looking for underpaid immigrants to do work for you or is there another reason?
Support our President for a change you have loss so much support
Need you to support the new immigration bill and our President
You are shameful#supportyourparty#supportAmerica

Well senator, POTUS wants to have those visas avail to flood american job market with tech workers destroying american tech worker wages!
Continue w ur voice of reason...standup to potus. Get rest of congress to call him out PUBLICLY.   Strength in unity.
Good......This shall be your Waterloo !
in Europe immigration is more difficult than that.
Really worried about the Apple pickers think we have enough flooding in for the last 15 years
It's called temporary Ag work visas, not complete immigration as they won't stay in Ag business once US citizens.
Its for Green Cards. Not work programs. You probably missed the grandfathering in part too.
What has he done...Stock market all time historical high today, unemployment lowest in what? 23 years,
I am convinced you and #johnmccain are trying to sabotage the President.  Shame!
@cnnbrk @amjoyshow @CharlesMBlow MrGraham we do not need rocket scienceTrump recruited by Russia. We will wait untilTrump gives Russia keys
Guest worker program if you really can't get Americans
If your not part of the solution, you're part of the problem = GET OUT!!!
When R u going 2 IMPEACH the Rat Traitor who thinks the White House is a Dump: AMERICA IS WAITING FOR AN ANSWER FOR WHY YOU ALLOW THE LIES.
#illegalworkforce  Let 14 year olds do it! Ya know, like we were raised. 2 problems, one stone
Please do not support this.
Like so many half baked WH ideas, this anti-immigrant thinking is bad for America.
You support this President and your crazy Rep. colleagues putting ridiculous bills forward, What do you expect? Incompetent Administration!
You're a joke who hates republican voters just admit ... 95% of GOP supports the #RaiseAct thank you @SenTomCotton @sendavidperdue
is that what George SOROS tells you?
If SC can't primary Graham maybe we should just vote Democrat there will be no difference #RaiseAct thank you @SenTomCotton @sendavidperdue
Relying on illegal, wage-flattening labor is economic treason.
The republican congress does everything to help the democrats   and not our president. We will vote all of u out!
So you're championing these immigrants to subsidize these industries by providing cheap labor/services?
I do not think this is going well for you. You better sell out your constituents one last time before next election. I do not think UR back
@LindseyGrahamSC for sale to highest bidder and nice media coverage. Lets man  who delivers Uranium to Putin for Clinton investigate @potus.
You're just a paid hack!  Time to go RINO!!!!
Shut up that is a disgusting lie
For the love of God, and everything that is decent , when will the Republicans start impeachment hearings?
The @GOP is CONSTANTLY complaining about welfare, yet you want to import immigrants for Ag Industry? #GoPickFruitGringos
you keep on talking this way, I may really start liking you.
How about using the 10s of thousands of unemployed getting govt benefits in SC? When unemployment is 1% then increase immigration.
Oh well. You put your hand in the Bible. Illegal=breaking the law. Shame on you
Did I mention this is malarkey.
Obviously you haven't read it temporary workers aren't affected so you're crops will be picked try hiring some of the Muslims pouring in
. Total malarkey !
This is malarkey!
That's gonna be hard with dum dum in office
You will NOT be reelected. You will join the other two who fail our country. Self proclaimed know-it-all!
You did it. Not only won't you gave workers ( including doctors since -moron state) no in is coming to visit.
You are no better than Trump now. You have shown us your true colors. SAD
While true, we are outraged by the hypocrisies.
But you’ll vote for a non-scientist to head Ag, won’t you??  You’d vote for a dead frog if 45 told you to.
I think you are wrong.  We need to repeal and replace you!
You are a traitor to our country.
Seriously. Do you just give up and weep sometimes? You can tell me.
Will those poor white folks on unemployment and disability finally find work in the fields after immigrants are excluded?
I would expect you to be vocal about Tillerson rejecting money to combat ISIS and Russian propaganda.
I'd take a look into this though “This is a big signing,” Trump said, “a very important signing.” #TrumpLies
The "bigly" part of the signing is that all deals with foreign nations will be completely untraceable
I don't know about you Lindsey but ..
No need to worry about that 
Now that Trump is opening up parks to drilling & mining the tourists will go elsewhere
It looks like Trump is going to sell off the parks to his rich Russian buddies as well, but America should come 1st
I was also wondering why Russia & Putin, stand to profit from the Keystone XL pipeline, more so than the Americans 
The ppl aren't buying it anymore.  You guys will say anything to justify your agenda which is to oppose President Trump on everything. 
Vote  Lindsey Graham out of office!!!! Trump 2020
Liking you more and more. I agree- we need immigrant workers since americans won't do those jobs.
Senator Graham, the guy y'all backed for president doesn't understand economics. He doesn't understand much of anything. Y'all own this.
Thank you for your leadership! 

Also, not allowong to sponsor parents is against American family values #RaiseAct
