propaganda, fact HRC &OBAMA SOLD 22% of our Uranium! To Putin in RUSSIA
now some stuff coming out that republicans were payed by Clinton as well Graham 
shedding light on civilian causalities should be punshible by crime guess u don't believe in free press
good for you not sure how that makes him not trust worthy u obviously don't like free press
100% of the information they publish is/was true
sounds like you need to do some research
then what has wikileaks got wrong?
thats not something they got wrong, rather its a testament to how correct their info is
thank you once again Senator for speaking up!
nothing he  releases is proven wrong. I think you protest too much. Hmmmm... what are you hiding??
not if someone leaked it too him, Freedom of information. Why r u for protecting criminal activity?
agree to disagree, but seems like he helped US to see the nasty truth called politics...
I wish that too would come to light. People need to be held accountable. Heck I know I am!
I don't need @wikileaks to know that you're trying to destroy our opportunity to #MAGA . Shameful.
Correct!
he helped save us from Hillary , she compromised our security more than any other official in US history
There was literally zero compromising of security. ZERO.
yes, so Russia therefore did not hack into anything , thanks for clearing that up
Clintons have long history of malfeasance  http://mobile.nytimes.com/1999/05/11/world/clinton-approves-technology-transfer-to-china.html …,
secrets for sale or for stealing , it's not worth arguing reality of her stain on the nation
he saved us from soros
how many times have you politicians lied to us, the American people? I don't believe half of what pols say when they speak!
@PardesSeleh truth be told LG lost his street cred and his comments are worthless
Amen!!
Why give u, or any politician, any cred? Assange's acting in own interest. So r u - not for Americans. Trust must be earned
yet the #PEOTUS IS DUPED BY HIM AND @GOP ISN'T DOING ANYTHING ABOUT IT!!!
an you tell me where he lied? @wikileaks back up your assertion senator
Then why is Trump your new pres-elect? He is a damn fool. And a liar. @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump
Julian A accurately portrayed the atrocities perpetrated in Iraq. He didn't make us unsafe, those soldiers did.
He's a traitor rapist hiding in an Embassy.
your buddy Trump loves him.
that's funny cuz that's how most Americans feel about YOU.
Just wish U had been so vocal about all the dirty deals by Clinton & Obama STONWALLED.  List long.
Keep it up, Senator!  Assange is the worst.  One day, Ecuador will throw him out.
ecuador will keep him protected until he is free to walk
McCain served our country. Blessed be him and his warrior-like demeanor
I hope you're kidding, he revealed criminal activity by the DNC & u say HE "duped" ppl. You're crooked as crooked hillary.
I don't believe any American should give any credibility to anything your likes say 
Hmm lets look at records. Wiki leaks 100% truth (proven record). US gov wow  I don't even have a percentage of lies for!
Completely unproven, and WL doctored.
Really prove it! Also on your way out the door prove Russia hacked the dnc. Also prove last 8 years didn't happen
It's all about the content of the emails.A window into Dem evil.
Especially given that he's a sexual predator (much like our PEOTUS).
That doesn't change the true statements in @johnpodesta & @HillaryClinton emails....
@realDonaldTrump what is the psychological explanation of why he would do this for nefarious reasons?
this story, which you did not cite, is support for Assange not against. What is your point?
that article's claims are hard to verify. Who wrote it?
For what purpose?
@BrendanNyhan Unfortunately, our incoming President is duped by him AND Putin.
what the hell is wrong with rest of your party? U and McCain are the only ones standing tall.
it's widely known you're gay; are you and McCain a thing now?
@PardesSeleh what do you mean? All the publishing he's done in 10 years he's never fabricated 1.  squeaky clean
As an American, I've never been given a reason to not trust Assange. I've been given tons to not trust out govt.
yea Lindsey really is
yea I don't like Hannity either, but it doesn't make the Assange interview invalid.
You mean the fact that a HUGE chunk of ppl want to hear from Julian cause he was cut off after October?
Tell that to Trump. He is taking Russia and Assange side over Americas. America needs to wake up!
@France4Hillary. I applaud you.
Assange exposed American intelligence officers abroad & put them in harm's way. He has hurt our country immensely
Actually Hillary did that with here unsecured servers, every name on lists exposed.. yet it goes ignored
I love this guy. Why did only he & McCain retain their backbones & brains?
emails released were emails that were sent do do you think we don't deserve the truth. ?
I trust Julian Assange; Wikileaks provides a place for whistleblowers to deliver data. Russia did not do this. U are sad.
Stop lying to Americans about war & put people before profit. Syria regime change failed; now on to Russia? #WakeUpAmerica
you're being duped by potus
@kimmie8264 why he is a traitor rapist, gave away troop positions a gop kind of man, most likely responsible for troop
Thank you, sir, for actually representing Americans. It means a lot!
u and McCain are a cancer to the GOP you're just in in for the money could care less about our country
yes but all those DNC emails spoke the truth
. He isn't quite the war hero you thought, huh? Career over country
knucklehead
Trump runs it by Stevie the red nose strategist and Alex Jones for consensus of the fake news makers he buys hooklinesinker
instead we should trust swamp beasts that have pledged to fight the will of the people of the party you represent...for now
I believe #Assange more than anything that comes out of YOUR mouth.
@Doorcow - He has already duped a whole lot of people. You may say they're low info voters, but they hoodwinked already.
But yet our next POTUS believes Assange over our Intelligence community. Sigh, God help us all.
Please share that opinion with others in your party who hold him up as a patriot hero.
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC Thank you for not loosing your principles. Many republicans are forgetting they belong to the party of Lincoln
I feel the same way about most Republicans, Fox News, Donald Trump, and especially Mitch McConnell.
Assange is a joke, he a child molester many times over. The guys a wacko idiot, he works for
including @realDonaldTrump
Please lead the GOP in holding the PEOTUS accountable for his actions/tweets/inactions/conflicts of interest. #nopartyline
.@LindseyGrahamSC Thank you for your clarity.
Phony patriot time. Sure you & McCain will take turns pretending to block Trump. Patriots would switch sides for full block
I'm disappointed that it needs to be said. Any thinking American should understand it as fundamental to our security.
None of their disclosures have been inaccurate. Sadly, Americans have been lied to for years by politicians & MSM... 
I dont think anyone world wide should pay Assange any attention at all.
Bullshit, WikiLeaks has given the U.S. more truthful information than the government has in years. The govt. dupes America.
i dont hold anything that comes out of your mouth or typed on your keyboard any credence. You are not our spokesman!
He's a rapist, but then Donal has been accused of rape too. Maybe that's the commonality.
Well don't brush it off, damn. and while at it, #ImpeachTrump @LindseyGrahamSC he is unfit, #conflictsofinterest Uphold Constitution
Great position. We need true Americans such as yourself and Sen. McCain. A FoxNews interview cannot replace Intelligence.
.Tweeting is easy.  Just what R You going 2Do about it? @LindseyGrahamSC #TheResistance
thank you!!
.... ur so out of touch with the people and reality!!!!  What a huge disappointment u have been....
Because the US government, an institution with a history of corrupt behavior on behalf of corporate backers can be trusted?
Voters will no longer be duped by you. You're a traitor to the Repub party and have lost credibility.
perhaps Dems said Russia during election to tie Trump with Putin. Now have to follow thru. Intel says what Dems want
Really @LindseyGrahamSC? Kind of like the way Americans were duped by Obama? Sound familiar? 

never thought I would agree with but on this, thanks very much
including our president-elect Trump. But of course accepté ce findings would delegitimize him. We need you & SenMcCann!
We must not tolerate treason & tyranny. #Truthwins #StopHitler2.0 #TheResistance
never been duped by him (Julian Assange), YOU on the other hand... #DrainTheSwamp #wednesdaywisdom #TrumpTransition2017
its NOT what he says it is what he publishes. Paper speaks louder than words. #wikileaks
@caguirre94 thank you but where is our senate committee looking into Putins interference with our election?
@berngiacomazzo He's gone to the dark side, he's Russia's executive agency.
Thank you! Now demand Trump goes to a briefing!
he was supposed to have one but it was cx until Friday but I believe needs to go to more
And hopefully stay off twitter and do news conferences!
i don't think him being on twitter is bad but not as much but  should do some news conferences yes
true.... it's just what he tweets :)
And no American should be duped by anyone in the Obama Administration or his intelliegence community either.
The man a minority of Americans elected president has been duped
@MorrisDWIAtty Tell that to your President
not much credibility should be given to carrier politicians. Your part as a DC insider is the problem.
Your party's presidential candidate seems to be a dupe, then. Can you rein him in before he gets us all in deep trouble?
probably tell that to @realDonaldTrump   He's eating his information up!
Then sir, if you can't believe the man who sent them, then whom do you suggest we trust?
let's make it a point in South Carolina to get this idiot out of office

Ask Equador to cut electricity to his devices, thereby turning him off. Granting asylum doesn't guarantee utilities.
You don't think? Well until you have proof that Russia provided Julian with DNC docs, you have no credibility on the issue.
so why is trump duped by him...we want public hearings
join us Lindsey!  You're better than this!  Kick the GOP to the curb!

#demforce 
#UniteBlue 
#TheResistance
I trust him more than I trust you.
@stacy_friday damn it Lindsay graham.... stop making sense already!
That's right! Amen! Americans should only be dooped by our members of congress! WTH is he thinking! U tell him loopy!
They may out you next. 
.@LindseyGrahamSC Point out one piece of information wikileaks has put out that has PROVEN inaccurate.
why asshole everything he released was true
Clown.
I hope Ecuador asks him to leave their Embassy and throws him out to the street. Then will see how brave he is.
I know your positions put you at risk in your party, but I deeply appreciate you taking principled stands. Thank you.
When will you take his twitter phone away?  when will you have the courage to confront him?
Hey Ms. Graham, where was your outrage when China hacked 21 mil. American's personnel records?
I give zero credibility to anything you say. You are no friend to making America great again!!!
Julian Assange presents a clear and present danger to the cyber security of Americans and United States
@DirtyWars was very enlightening.
@cody1mac I had to look at the date to see when this was sent ... LOL today 
only the trump supporters believe this child predator! We Americans will stand together against tyranny & injustice!
We are tired of you. Go away please. It's a new America with new vision and you represent everything we voted against! GO!
All my respect, sir! 
@peterjhasson but we should u is that what your saying yea no
Actually, no American should be duped by YOU, Lindsey.
So close to following Lindsey Graham its scary. #TwilightZone
Senator, PEOTUS is a traitor threatening to purge intel community. It's time to talk publicly about impeachment.
@realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC Well said Senator Graham!
Why don't you just put a name on this.
you need to tell that your party and your boy the orange one Donald Trump
Apparently he is head of Intel and foreign policy for #PresidentTwitterFace #TrumpTreason #MakeAmericaSickAgain
I heard he worked for the #Rothschild and even stayed in one of their houses.
Point out a false claim Julian has made. Point out a false leak @wikileaks has released.
He is paid by Putin. Putin's own guy said it. Assange was paid to doctor WL.
Thank you for standing up for our country. #Patriot
Graham believes whatever is convenient on the day. If you can't find him, look up Trump's ass.
but true  @WendySunshine1 @LindseyGrahamSC
Amen, listening to America's enemy is never the solution
Long Live #Assange.  
Your career of playing both sides, is less than  2 years away from being voted out. Bye Bye lindsey
You have no credibility.
hey lindsey, we won't be duped by any of you either
Assange has admitted he is an agent of chaos and that anarchy is his goal. Why would anyone think him altruistic?
tell your Majority Leader that. President Trump will probably pardon him.
I suggest you tell your furer
Exactly!
Thank you for putting country first.
using hookers, that why they can blackmail too. And they have hundred of compromising photos. Including of
@strongsignal absolutely. Trump does not act like a patriotic American. What a joke for president
So be duped by you instead, got it.
including @realDonaldTrump?
He's another narcissistic sociopath . Just look at his life . Pathetic empty waste of skin
wikileak link DNC email not Russia
Assange is a parasite who has attached himself to DT's thugs!
Why the hell would anyone listen to you?
nobody should pay any attention 2 any corrupt greedy politician #America The Deliberate Dumbed Down
Thank you for stepping up in spite of being out-of-sinc with some of your R leadership.
There's one American that I'm particularly concerned about.
I know you're tryin', but he doesn't seem to be listening.
The American people certainly do not take anything you say as serious. You're the proverbial pot calling the kettle black.
The days of blindly accepting unsupported claims of politicians are over; intelligence heads politicized; Wikileaks true
unless your name is Donald Trump. He will duped if it fits his agenda. And worse he will spread the words and lie and lie.
you are with McCain and Obama and Kerry arming Syrian rebels, ie  ISIS/AL QUEDA, we've had enuff of your bs
@LoveuLynn @LindseyGrahamSC stain on the great state of South Carolina! I just don't understand why he pretends to be a Rep.
Most intelligent ppl never listened 2 the criminal Assange abt anything,he lies 2 suit his agenda like Trump
I can't believe NO ONE...Between the electors to the Senate today, had the balls to do anything to stop this.
I see you are quick to protect your BFS McCain who's a war monger & equipped ISIS/rebels to take out Assad.. Russia knows too much huh
@karen58Romans the emails speak for themselves regardless of their origin. Nobody has disputed the content
exactly but they continue to ignore the pay for play
Thank you and Senator McCain. You are patriotic.
someone should tell the PEOTUS that because he's clueless
You mean other than @hannity
Agreed.wheres ur credibility tho?talkin tough on Russia promising 2 independent investigation but failing 2 deliver calls ur cred in2 ques 2
It seems .@seanhannity is being duped by @JulianAssange_
To be duped by Assange,you have to throw your critical facilities out the window.
@DLoIndustries how about the press?
HELLO! this is me knocking on your head to see if anyone is home. Niether Assange or the Russians wrote those emails.
Really! When has our Government told the truth to the American people? We the people are sick of the lies and will question all you do!!
We have figured out YOU are the lying dung ball. If you stick up for #podesta you must be in on it with him #pizzagate
Too Late: Diddlers @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump got diddled. @LindseyGrahamSC
I've got some bad news for you about the Peotus. :-(
@snarkytoes except the president-elect of course
