.@LindseyGrahamSC: "The president did the right thing to empower his commanders." 
There's a special place in hell waiting for you al qaeda supporting dogs. I spit on you corrupt, subhuman imbeciles
Not sure you are capable of thought.
"Thoughts" is a gross mischaracterization of whatever that linguistic vomit was
Small baby steps. Who the hell cares at this point? @potus ratings at all time low & @gop going down with him. @senategop must save the USA!
the "president" did that to distract from his scandals...Senator Graham please stop obstructing justice
Great interview!  What's asked of DJT, should be asked of Hillary.  Nothing angers me more, than Clinton's ability to elude consequences.
WAG THE DOG
Wow how bold. No comment on anything that's happened thus week?
#US Air strikes would only help #ISIS & #Terrorism .
US only attacks those who R fighting against terrorists.
Leave #Syria 2 #syrian
I'm pretty sure if it's one line it doesn't count as plural, and if it's vacuous approval? Yeah that's called towing the line buddy
Whom specifically are you referring to?  What do their military service records consist of? 
Why in this specific instance is it good?
Wanna beat Assad?  Get Putin out of the WH!
No one cares what you think. About anything. Collaborator.
fuck you senator schmuck
your thoughts don't matter any more your a traitor to our country.Going against the president just shows how much you hate our country
Republicans, Be bold and stand tall. Why is the Dems that controlling you? How many Ind. Counsel for Benghazi, Clinton corruption? Weakness!
The Syria air strikes were because his daughter asked him to. And he told the Russians who told Syrians
Ur disappointing
That was an ugly comment, reason why we won't Believe dnc computer is tainted evidence and dead dnc kid not solved and no transparentcy
God forbid HE tries to figure out how to get out of a paper bag.
Spoiler alert:
Finally the bloodshed has eased and now America must step in to restart it.
I don't care what Lindsey has to say.
He is President in absentia. He punts to his commanders so if things go south he can do his Pontius Pilate.
You have been thru this with pres Clinton??  That sir was a blow j....not even close to inviting Russian intel into our WH. Stupid comment.
I'm so happy sir that you standing with our President ! Please stay strong and GOD BLESS you Sir  ! Thank you 
What is the point of this retweet @LindseyGrahamSC? To remind us you sold your soul to Trump?
It practically 24/7 propaganda , I honestly think our news media is worse than Russia and is a bigger threat
Why aren't you asking for Clinton Russia links and death of Mr rich - dnc guy who leaked to Wikipedia and Obama Iran links
You talk about Russia we don't know what articles ,how many hits they got, dnc  server never reviewed by FBI. Yet you turn on our news
#ImpeachTrump
War monger!
You need to keep speaking about the Clinton camp emails to the DOJ. That's a huge story
Just an evenings after dinner entertainment for the folks at Mar-a-lago - Nice!
Graham told @chucktodd that it was important for Trump to pick someone w/in FBI ranks -- or who has no political experience
Wish they would take out Assad but would need a good person to take over and not sure there is anyone at this time.
And the great people Of South Carolina will do the right thing when they vote you out Sir!! "Bring It On" Remember? I/We DO#Resist
Yes! I agree with you. 
Let's replace the Democrat Southern Belle with an actual Republican
Lindsay Graham, it would also be nice if you talk to your friend McCain and not say stupid things "Trump-Watergate" he sounds "Shumerish"!
use your integrity pts and make a statement abt last summers meeting, where RNC KNEW russian money was involved, HOW MANY are on the take??
What's this right / wrong thing???  First and foremost, did he act lawfully?  Wake up @GOP !!!!
You're doing God's work Senator Graham.

My dear talk about jewish lobby CIA fals report to victim 
Mr. senator  pyd=ypg=pkk
Be hero truth for u hedtory.. make election in syria  under your personal abserv
I would like to see you fighting on the ground, chickenhawk
Just wondering...are you being blackmailed also??
He doesn't need congressional approval? I would think he would need approval to even use the bathroom. He's a traitor.  So disappointed in u
The President has jeopardized American lives while putting money in his own pocket - blood money!
Then you need to make sure Congressman @tedlieu hears you because he's doing the deranged tweet thing again.
All the bombings did was make Trump richer. Don't be fooled!
His usual #deflectiondistraction  Sadly not putting anything past him. Stay off Trump Punch!!
Lindsey Graham needs to do the right thing and get to work; repeal ObamaCare and get this damned tax reform through. ENOUGH GOLDBRICKING!
I'm happy you are standing with our president. We need A LOT more of that from all of you.
The entire Republican Party stands with Trump- what are you talking about?
Perhaps he needs new commanders in Syria.
Thoughts? @LindseyGrahamSC  Mook had direct contact daily updates from his DOJ contacts, Mook/Podesta tweets proved they had inside info
with all this admins lies who actually know what is right
What else do you agree with Trump on?
old news Lindsey Graham.
Really? A bombing of negligible impact 1.5 months ago? & are you familiar with the quaint notion of "civilian control of the military" ?
How do you spell "DIVERSION"?
I don't like wars!
What's your take on this:
I am for us protecting troops but we need more transparency into what's going on...  Russia backs Assad as you know!
I do not want Trumps lack of foreign policy to put our men and women in harms way!
Sychophant
This was after Flynn delayed things, at the requests of his Turkish clients, right?

Just trying to get the timeline right.
Man, you took that bait.  Russian POTUS is gonna slide right by the GOP controlled congress.
It's about time.
