I can think of several reputable news media you could talk to.  Honestly!
Traitor
I didn't see the strategy part of the speech
Oh, unless "We're gonna kill terrorists" is now a strategy.
Why broadcast to the enemy???? Are you that ignorant????
I get it that you don't understand what's going on & what, like, words mean.  But you did understand Graham was gonna discuss the strategy?

The reason the US is fighting in #Afghanistan is first and foremost to protect America from the threat of terrorism.
As I said, I sympathize with the fact you have a limited vocabulary and words can be confusing. Gives you alot in common with 45.
You are NOT worth my time
And yet, you continue to respond. That word definition thing again, I guess.  Poor little one.
How about being as proud 2 talk about ANY positive action U & friend have, 2 repeal/replace  Healthcare? @SenJohnMcCain @realDonaldTrump
Would love to see you on other networks, too. Not just Fox.
Just be honest and tell the people you want to stay for 100 years
u have no guts! Just resign
Strategia..scommetto che lei non comanda nemmeno a casa sua..meglio pensiate agli americani,invece che alla droga da ricavata in Afghanistan
Who's gotta pay for this policy...why don't u take a rotation over there
What is the difference between past strategies and the new one?
Good distraction you guys-- gotta hand it to ya. High hopes now that #Bannon is gone, right? I mean, alt right? #DavidDuke sends 
We know You like war
This week you like him - last week you hated him. Whatever - we don't do Fox any time! #ImpeachTrump
We've been there for 16 years, there is no strategy. At this point it's about  at the expense of our troops.
Time to pay attention to the unhinged leader in DC, stop making excuses
All over the news (FOX) this week but in hiding last week.  #Disheartening #Disappointed #GOPLies
Yeah whatever, please speak about impeachment.
Why are you always speaking on the most untruthful news source in the universe? Will reputable news sources not speak with you? #Propaganda
No one cares. Traito
typical you should be voted out. If @SCGOP didn't support voter supression of POC in SC @FoxNews
Philippians 2:6-8
who, being in the #form of #God, did not consider it #robbery to be equal with #God, but made [1/4]
Himself of no #reputation, taking the #form of a #bondservant, and coming in the #likeness of #men. And being found [2/4]
in #appearance as a #man, He humbled Himself and became #obedient to the #point of #death, even the #death of the [3/4]
#cross. [4/4]
John 14:6
#Jesus said to him, “I am the #way, the #truth, and the #life. No one comes to the #Father except through Me.
Can I write my own words to this video? First the white guy says: Trump is a fornicator and a heathen. Then the other dude: and a racist!
2 Timothy 2:16
But shun #profane and #idle babblings, for they will increase to more #ungodliness.
Fox News? Well I do declare you must be shakin in your boots about them hard-hittin questions
Happy to talk to fox regarding Afghanistan, though no courage to speak with the main stream media regarding, incompetent, racist #45.
What strategy?
Stop using Fox exclusively with friendly questions only and none concerning your views, show some spine.
dont you have the courage to go on any other network, or do they not ask you anymore?
Saving face for Republicans at the expense of US soldiers. Deplorable.
I'll be eating breakfast soon; both equally newsworthy.
No one cares.
Really enjoyed your interview with fox. Thank you.
Czar Donnie presented no plan. Just a bunch of talk talk talk. This gets everyone off of Charlottesville and Russia.
No strategy just more support for the military industrial complex. Not good
Who cares go home
Did twitler grab your crotch or pay you off?
The real fake news. Disgusting.
Won't be listening to anything you say until you deal with that traitor in the White House.
Senator: Good interview.  I appreciate the balanced perspective on POTUS. You call them like you see them. Refreshing.  Bravo!
WHY ARE PUTTING MORE SOLDIERS AT RISK?
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC, when ur done speaking on #fauxnews, do u have the balls to address the remaining (60%) of the country? #ImpeachtRUmp
Gag.
Go on @maddow @chrislhayes @amjoy or @jaketapper Never watch FauxNews
Oh stop
We will be on pins & needles oh mighty one.
There is no strategy.
That's your problem.
Now we just sit and wait for McCain to spew LOVE for HIS President....that's when we can call BS on your motives Mr. S.C.
I thought YOU were on board with the whole "6 votes away" thing? Why the loves and hugs now? Strange indeed!
.When you were running wasn't your grand strategy to increase troop levels there? It was a death hole for the Brits and Russians.

Thank you Lindsey! You're renewing my faith in you patriotism
Proud of my President!
Sorry to hear that.  Won't watch Faux if you paid me
Good job!
Very good comments.
Fox News is Fake News! Don't watch that 
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC for strongly supporting our @POTUS ," I am Proud of my President!" GREAT Afghanistan Strategy & Speech ~
@BarackObama @POTUS44 , took swift and precise action by having Bin Laden taken out. Let's. Let's. It forget history - any of it.
There isn't one.
Bunch of hateful lil limp minded lefty trolls -
Tenacity is good...Please continue to support our POTUS! Thanks...April
SURPRISINGLY YOU SOUND LIKE A DEMOCRAT THAT WANTS WAR, OR A REPUBLICAN THAT SUPPORTS THE PRESIDENT, I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO OUT OF YOU.
Who will you be today? POTUS bestie it appears. No worries. History's gotcha!!
Make sure you cover the strategy for PTSD and amputations and dead dad's. Just say'n.
What strategy?  We didn't hear one!
There was no strategy--what a joke
DISLIKE!!
Mud is talking to Fox. Go away!  Useless and worthless.
America first 
@LindseyGrahamSC how about you explain to all of SC and the American people why you took money from @georgesoros. Why don't you explain it?
Good Luck!
What strategy?
I'd like to put an economic edge on any war.
High income soldiers FIRST!
Yup.
323 million citizens
15 million millionaires.
That's a start.
Trump announced no new strategy, though.
Great Job
Are you going to explain how you help fund terrorist groups?
WE ARE NOT DISTRACTED. #impeach45 #trumprussia #25thAmendmentNow
WHO CARES!!!
Talk about the forever war no responsibility, fault leader.  What say you about no win situation?
About impeachment... Fixed it for you.
Mr.Graham thank you for backing our President.  I'm latino Republican and will not bend to any Democrats way.
What strategy?  You lack moral fiber, you lack character, stand up to Trump.
For the first time... I 100% agree with you. Perfectly stated.
After 8 years of blocking Obama all of a sudden Ryan wants to 'come together'. You folks are going down in 2018
blah blah blah dont you have some town halls to attend to?
Yu did a awesome Job! For @POTUS USA! Radical Islam has been at war with USA since Jefferson, time to kill them and end this! USA forever!
There's no strategy, no plan, no details and just an endless war costing the country a lot of blood and treasure.
Fox News is Nazi news #censure45
Well done Senator
Go to Bed.
Ill be sure not to watch or listen
It was good. I would love for all Congress come out like he did tonight for @POTUS
Graham actually backed our POTUS?
Crazy, isn't it? I want to see more of this.
I'd like to see more support for our POTUS from all senate&congress
Absolutely!
Thanks for your great comments supporting Pres Trump's Afghanistan remarks!!!
Great job tonight on FOX
Nice bit, but as a Republican let me suggest you end the Obama insults. He's out of office, worry about constituents not Obama.
Nice speech great to see balls on someone other than the president
What is different?
U make me truly  Mr Graham with all ur
FLIP FLOPPING. U are the true definition of SWAMP  TRAITOR. U don't believe me  in dictionary
No one cares!
DO NOT CAVE TO THIS DISASTEROUS PRESIDENT!!!
You said news and fox in the same sentence..thats hilarious
Rand Paul is an idiot! Sorry for being hateful
Fantastic, passionate and logical segment on Fox News senator. 
Way to go!
MR.  GRAHAM I RESPECT YOU HOWEVER YOU ARE PART OF THE PROBLEM ONE MINUTE YOU ARE BEHIND HIM NEXT MINUTE NOT. WE NEED TO STICK TO.
Excellent interview Lindsey.  You were spot on. Keep up the great work!
How about tackling the harboring of domestic terrorists in the White House first, sir?
I totally underestimated your shade throwing skills! LOL
Sen Graham: "I am proud of my President" Thank you Sen. Graham @POTUS
There is no Afghan strategy save to piss off Pakistan and milk India for money.
Thank you Lindsey Graham for your great words tonight and standing behind Our Pres
Maybe try #CNN.   Real news
Senator Rand Paul is an     obstructionist- he has to go. Do his voters know that he is toxic to the President's agenda?
U r trying so hard to be President and promote yourself. Don't u understand God promotes the person he wants for President
Fantastic comments. Keep supporting and standing with @realDonaldTrump  @JeffQuinton (just so you know) lol.
I am proud of what you spoke about tonight. Please support our President from this point forward thank you
Thanks for the warning
I loved your comments and opinions you expressed on Fox news tonight
Unlike Obama, Trump lets the military be the military. And now we have a chance to "win a war we can't afford to lose."
Senator Graham great comments regarding our President and the speech. About time you backed the President. Thank you
Support potus Good for you
Who watches fox news?
Hope you can shed light. I'm more confused than ever how we plan to win over there.
Talking that amazing about our president @POTUS you won't be aloud on @CNN Or @MSNBC tonight CNN & Msnbc They Are The Enemy!
Great words about President Trump's speech. Much appreciated!
Go Lindsey support pity's MAGA
Its about time you support our president instead of thinking you are the Potus Finally Thanks to let us think that you are working for us
Senator, please make the madness stop.
Get to repealing Obamacare like you promised and leave the war to the Generals. No one needs your patronizing now.
Great job!!! So value your comments!
Most Americans don't watch Faux I mean FOX News.
Thank you for standing with @POTUS
You will never be President. Your planning to attack him with McCain, McConnell, Ryan, Flake etc will Not work. U WILL NOT BE PRESIDENT
Wow... I nearly sh*t my pants

U just supported @realDonaldTrump @POTUS

Re: #Afghanistan
Now he's your commander in chief! Amazing how the tables have turned. First you call him a racist and now he's your President.@IngrahamAngle
Oh Lord - Help us!
The no strategy strategy?
On-scene Command is one of his greatest Policies so far.
Senator, get far, far away from Fox News to maintain some credibility.
Just get out of this peas full country and look at the fact and victim and let him to live in life
RINO...part of swamp!  Repeal Obummercare and tax relief!  Get off backside and support our President agenda...not yours and McCains!!!
I'm watching and I appreciate your support for @POTUS
Thank you for standing up for Pres and our country.
Here we go again Lindsey the wannabe STAR !Sounds like another Lindsey!!! LOL 

Basically a re-issue of George W Bush's speech from 16 years ago. 

Neocons are back baby (they never left). https://twitter.com/beauwillimon/status/899803854941933568 …
Real Americans, don't watch Fox News.
Are you going to demand the president keep you abreast of troop levels and strategy? Or you gonna let him cowboy this one
#ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpResign #25the45th #TrumpRussiaCollusion #Resist
No one really cares about your opinion. Shouldn't you be wadding in a river with your butt buddy McShame?
Traitor. Just Resign already Lindsey. You have lost all credibility. Your Rhetoric is just as bad as the Lunatic in the House.
I hope you will be explaining whatever that was he was reading 
Reeking of Erik Pence
Would have been better optics from the oval office instead of using the military like a campaign rally. AFG is not new to us. Whats new?
Cautiously optimistic, relieved POTUS admitted primary Trump wrong.  #Evolvingwithreality #embraceteleprompter #listen2Lindsey
Impeach him
Let me guess: control the drug trade and take over their lithium mines?
I'll be speaking with @FoxNews in just a few minutes about Afghanistan strategy.
Points!
Given that it is impossible to export democracy to a region so chaotic what is the best plan forward? Total withdrawal? Or Arab coalition?
-it's a secret plan....wtf are you going to say about it?  He told us nothing.
Will it include not continuing growing opioids?
Who cares about you Lindsey?
Will this be scripted like Paul Ryans town hall meeting?
You and the country would be better served by appearing on @CNN and @MSNBC. #FoxNews
What strategy...sounds like business as usual. Except for starting a war in Pakistan....
will you be talking about  medical marvel paul ryan and how he stands upright without a spine ?
Oh come on Senator....   
War...  what is it good for... absolutely NOTHING!
You mean you'll get your head out of John McCain's butt long enough to speak?
you lost us at Fox
Lay it on, Lindsey!  President Trump hit a homer tonight!
Lindsey; will you tell your liberal supporters that the house starts impeachment proceedings, &being butt hurt is not a basis.
Nobody gives not even 1 shit what you think! You lost our trust when you didn't support our @POTUS !!!
The none policy? How many troop
Ease pull your head out & support my President  @$$ hole
Can you introduce a bill to congress appointing a History Teacher to Trump's cabinet? Thanks! -The whole 
The lack of one
I would take the time to listen. But #FoxNews...no way.
Lindsey you can't possibly think this plan is good.
ONCE AGAIN A WEAK ASS REPONSE FROM A LIBERAL DEM FROM CAL WHO HAS NO CLUE ON WHAT THE HELL SHE IS DOING SAD
YOU NEED TO EXPLAIN TO US WHY YOU ARE OBSTRUCTING EVERYTHING POTUS DOES
What effing STRATEGY??? That was total bullshit!
 perfectly stated
