Mm
Better than Obamacare - this blows away your credibility...plus your intelligence in serious question too
Don't worry about member objections, protect Americans. How is it better than Ocare. No voting unless #FixACA
Indeed.

More tweets like this, Senator. Fewer tweets bemoaning how Trump may not want to continue funding "moderate" Syria Islamists.
Yeah, we don't need no dreamer shillin'. 

We could use Dreamer Deportation Trains, though.
I sense - you might still have a soul.

Please #SaveACA and work with @SenateDems to make it something you are proud of!

#ProtectOurCare
Get over "Replace" !!!  Just FIX THE ACA !!!  Come on, do what is right.
You can't fix it. Want cheaper HC insurance increase supply of providers, increase competition, do tort reform etc.
So, taking insurance away from the poor and middle class and giving money to the rich fixes it ?  The ACA can be fixed !!!
I don't think the 23 million who will lose coverage agree with you! Shameful
L Graham u r delusional & need to be on some kind of meds. 2 bring you back 2 reality. Or maybe u r on 2 many drugs already, wake up turd.
Bullshit Mr. Graham. Every version of this tax cut 4 the rich & punishment to the poor is an abomination. Find whatever empathy u have left
On what planet?  Include input from all people.  Millions losing access to healthcare is NOT MUCH BETTER.
#bullshit and it's a fuckuva lot less democratic. Don't be #complicit in this.
Glad I live in a civilized state like NY!
Just say it: GOP doesn't want every citizen to have healthcare bc only RICH are deserving, right. Have to keep your CEO buddies rich/happy.
I heard a House GOP who is also a Physician that providing your family healthcare is the head of household responsibility.
He stated people have to pay & plan 4 rent, utilities & food. Healthcare is same responsibility. How do people plan 4 special needs children
Unfortunately people don't make his salary as "head of household." There's little $ left 4 HC & at the costs they're suggesting, impossible.
It may be 'better' but all major medical associations and several insurers still say it will cause harm. Please like step to the experts.
Another lying Republican. When does this stop with them. Throw his ass out.  He's up in 2020. Get him out. Primary him.
#ShowUsTheBill
No rinobill!Free the market only!#RepealAsPromised! You rinos will be gone if you don't start listening!#UnitedForFreedom!
Liar ! 
#SaveACA #Fixit and stop lining your pockets from lobbyists who are sabotaging it. #Hypocrites #VoteThemOut
"Better than Obamacare" is not measuring stick I'm proud of. Done with an establishment that has their own agenda.
Don't believe that.
It is much much worse than #ACA - GOP #wealthcare bill will rip healthcare from at least 22 million Americans, disrupt 1/6 of US economy.
you allowed obamacare that has 400 million paying penalties on there taxes premiums doubled and http://tripled.You  don't care
I have grave doubts about that.
GOP bill will destroy lives. So Carolinians like my sister and nephew will lose coverage or be priced out. #ShameOnGOP #SaveACA
No it isnt....quit lying to yourself...
He's been lying to himself for years about his sexuality so this lie is a cakewalk...
Somehow I can't believe that.
Stop lying 
Oh it's McConnellcare now? And you say it "is much better than Obamacare?" FOR WHOM, Senator? Better for WHOM?
If TrumpCare is so much better, than why don't YOU & all the other GOP SEN who are in favor of it promise to select it as ur OWN healthcare?
YOU SUCK
Come on Graham. Get the job done, that we hired you to do. This is getting absurd. It now appears that Repubs are just as rediculous as Dems
Lies
Must Repeal draconian Obamacare taxes, oppressive regulations, and exorbitant spending
Please support American citizens and our President Trump thank you
Common Lindsey, you can do better than this
Please repeal ocare now no recess without repeal.
If the bill is to great, why did Trump use funds set aside to promote ACA enrollment to instead trash talk ACA in commercials?
You have lost your damn mind.
Don't let us down now, Lindsey!  We need you more than ever!
No it's not
For the people getting the tax cuts?
Becoming another Trump stooge?
We do NOT want repeal of the ACA.  You work for us.
So if it is "much better" then why is it so damn secretive? Why is it not bipartisan crafted? Why are ya'll being so shifty about it?
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/888086303568535552 …
Would you get a tax break under Senate plan, Senator Graham?
Pass it Republicans or face an angry voter group that sent you there to get Trump agenda done
You like big gov programs. They never work for anyone but politicians.
A bill that will lead to more Americans without insurance is NOT better than #Obamacare!
Fix ACA. I thought it was Don T care. Now its McConnelcare? Do not repeal just fix what is there. You guys had 8 years what is the problem
Doubt it.
Everybody needs to go back to the drawing board and find bipartisan ways to improve the Affordable Care Act.
Emphasis on "current".  Praise for a moving target is faint praise.
#FullRepeal #NoReplacement #FreeMarket  #UnitedForFreedom
what total bullshit!!
If it causes 1 person to lose heath coverage, then no, it's not better than #Obamacare
Why can you not just #repeal #ObamaCare? You passed myriad repeal bills knowing Obama wouldn't sign it. "We need the White House" - GOT IT!
Convince me
It's so much better that even his own friends won't pass it.. Great job GOP... Making us all proud...
No. Your bill is out of step w your constituents. Congratulations on your progress in building an oligarchy. Fuck democracy amirite?
Your friend, McCain, under trumpcare would lose treatment, coverage. Let that sink in for a second.
Do you think we're idiots?
Why is it "much better"? I thought you had some integrity!
You know thst isnt true you must be sleepy. I hope you dream about those who will die and/or suffer greatly wxno health insurance
@obamacare was written by the @RNC and @DNC Elites and now @SenateMajLdr who funded it want a chance for @Speakerryan Care >HELL NO!!
Not!
You don't believe that. Serve the people, not the party Sir....
Senator, your good friend is fighting for his life & is fortunate to have healthcare. Please think of those who don't. #SinglePayerNow
Except that it's mostly not
It is NOT better.  It is NOT a health care bill at all.  This legislation is a tax cut for the wealthiest in the U.S.  #FixACA
Perhaps for you-as you're exempt. What about your constituents? My mom in nsg home on Medicaid? #resist
Unconvincing
If it's so great then how about you stop making the house and senate exempt from these changes?
No it's not pal
Dude, I was actually really starting to like you.
No, not even close.
1. I just watched your comments on your conversation w/ Senator McCain. My heart breaks for him and for you, his friend.
2. My fiance was diagnosed with glioblastoma, a stage 4 brain tumor (Sen McCain's diagnosis) Turns out his insurance policy was fraudulent.
3. The insurance policy was sold by National Association for Self Employed (NASE) a non-profit marketing front for fraud insurance.
4. Small biz owners and self-employed paid a fee to join this "association" that promised to pool together many people for insurance
5. Their HealthMarkets & Mega Life insurance companies left families bankrupt with their fraudulent policies. Sued by 30 state AGs
6. Goldman Sachs & Blackstone acquired company in 2006 & continued the fraud. This fraud got national attention in WSJ, Business Week, NPR
7. Here's an article from the LA Times about this "Association's" fraud http://articles.latimes.com/2010/oct/21/business/la-fi-healthmarkets-20101021 …
8. The chemotherapy Senator McCain will take is a pill called Temador. HealthMarkets/Mega Life refused to pay and I put it on my credit card
One Hot Mess! Your group's actions, led by Pinocchio Ryan and Dumbo McConnell, is because it's name is connected to a President Obama. Fact!
no, it is not and just saying it's better isn't going to convince us! Work with Dems and actually fix the ACA.
I don't believe you. Details please.
The SC "health" plan will be worse than Rubio's failed "Florida Health Choices."  Fix the ACA!  Bring some WOMEN to the table (S. Collins)!
When the people of SC start losing their health insurance do you really think they will think positively about you come re election?
Tell that to the MILLIONS that will be Without insUnlike you best friend who has great medical care-thank God-they.will.DIE. W/O diagnosis.
LOL!  Why?  You just get to meet Jesus that much sooner?
Could you explain how it's better? Honest question, senator. No one seems willing to explain or give specifics to we the people.
How is it better???
Tell you what. YOU and your fellow GOP use THIS HC package. If it's good enough for y'all we MIGHT think it's ok. MIGHT NOT.
Is the problem you are trying to solve "too many people with access to health care?"
You’re a sheep and you’re lying.
Don't do it.  You'll never get a moment's peace in SC. Up to now was just child's play. How is it better...do we just take your word for it?
No, it's not.
WTF are you smoking, Lindsey?!?
That's hard to believe given how it was genned up and how rudderless the GOP currently is.   And how strenuously insurance cos are objecting
No it isn't,  millions will lose insurance and millions will pay good money for junk coverage. NO #Trumpcare
Our delusional senator strikes again. Lay off the sauce please.
If you think it's so wonderful YOU would enroll yourself and your loved ones. Don't become a hypocrite now
Beware, Senator. Trump and his ideas are   dangerous to your political future.
Nonsense.
You don't give a crap about us @LindseyGrahamSC. You'd work with stakeholders if that were true. You're working politics not policy.
Charleston resident that's scared to death of this bill and I have TriCare for Life next year.
Explain how that can be true for the millions of Americans CBO says will be without coverage.
I am voting you out of office if you think that's true. Do you read the comments on your tweets? No one likes anything you're doing.
And all of you should be subject to the same healthcare that you decree is good for us.
Essential health benefits including lifetime caps are good for all! If Trumpcare doesn't have that then it's not better than Obamacare.
You think that way because your in the hands of lobbies &a corporations. Get ur head out of your butt & listen 2 the people of ur state
What happened to you multi tweet thread of 2 days ago? Suddenly McConnell bill is great?
4/  Reach across the aisle and do what is right for ALL AMERICANS. McConnell is noone to align yourself with.   He is a sad excuse for a man
3/ without needed services or equipment is not better than Obamacare. It is not better.  Be a better man than that Senator.
2/ better than Obamacare.  Doubling premiums is not better than Obamacare. Ending 'Caid expansion and leaving millions of disabled kids
32 million uninsured Americans is not better than the ACA.  Bankrupting hospitals by returning routine care to the Emergencvy Rooms 1/
32 mil. people off of healthcare is not a win. YOU ran DT promising everyone would be covered at low costs. You also said you'd vote no.
I'm glad #JohnMcCain is receiving the best care available. No one should have to worry about ability to afford treatment. Remember that.
At least Sen. McCain will not have to worry about what you guys are trying to do.
YOU ALL WILL NOT BE FORGOTTEN COME VOTING TIME...SHITCARE COMIN SOON
No it isn’t. They either to fix the ACA or go with your bill, if it doesn’t cut The tax on the wealthy and minimal cuts to Medicaid
Better for who??!?! Not better for me.
The CBO disagrees. Me and my breast cancer diagnosis disagree, too.
Only for rich people who will get massive tax cut. #BCRA #Trumpcare is horrible for most of us. Open your eyes! .@SenateGOP kept #Obamacare
Jerk, you want to throw 32 million US citizens off Healthcare. Shameful, selling your soul to the devil, Trump
Obviously. So you can't get the votes because...?
Yes right if it screws over the American people then republicans think it's a great deal
Really, for who?  Stand up Graham, and stop being a GOPer and be a senator for all the people
Here's another question while you wrestle with your conscience tonight...would you vote for this bill if you knew your friend had to buy it?
Why?
It's especially disgusting tonight knowing John McCain has cancer and can get healthcare and you want to rob 22m people of that same right!
Please choose country over party @LindseyGrahamSC. Your country says NO. NO. NO. NO!
So happens if a healthy 27 year old is just diagnosed w/brain cancer because they picked the junk ins? What happens then - death/bankruptcy?

I want some of what you're smoking
No, it's not.
Please explain why this is better? I haven't seen anything positive about it.
How is taking away our protections for pre-existing conditions "better"? #NoRepeal #KillTheBill #SaveACA
Might want to read the CBO score Senator
But why can't you all just get together and repair it .... it seems that the driving force behind repeal&replace is just loathing for Obama.
liar.
if they cut http://medicaid.gop  is asking for trouble
It's a bad bill and you know it. Do the right thing.  Especially now.
Sir, will Congress members be given same healthcare benefits as GOP bill? If it's good enuf for us, it's good enuf 4 y'all
no one will remember that u kept a campaign promise.  They'll only remember that u abandoned them.
disappointed in you!!!
Really, @LindseyGrahamSC?! It's NOT better and you know it! We need you to stand with the American people. Country OVER party! #KillTheBill
As a Senator are you leading by example and signed up in the exchange? Or do you get Federal healthcare benefits?
Vacuous declarations mean nothing. How is "McConnell's Bill" better? How is it it worse? Give me numbers, evidence. Skip the fantasies pls.
We see you doh boy. Peas in a pod.
We no longer have any hope that you will stand up.

You've crossed.
We don't want it, Lindsey; we want single payer. INSURANCE CORPORATIONS and PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANIES are the problem!!!!!!!!!
.@LindseyGrahamSC @GOP if the #TrumpCare is so great then give up your socialized medical coverage the ppl pay for and join the markets!
It's not better for us! Why don't you add amendment that All Representatives and Senators must buy same coverage! See how u like it then
No, it is not.  It leaves 34 million people without healthcare!  Very disappointed you are supporting this bill!!!
You're better than this crap....
If it is so much better, why did Congress exempt itself?
LOL. The bill is a tax cut for the wealthy on the backs of those who depend on the ACA for affordable insurance. How is that "better?"
WHO is it better for? How do you try to sell that pack of murderous lies to the people? How do you sleep? #VoteThemOut #GOPCorruption
Says they Senator from SC who will never have to worry about losing his health insurance. You've got yours, right? 
Amen...All I want is reasonable payments for health insurance, not something bigger than a mortgage...
with a five figure deductible!!
How exactly?
FIX ACA !!!! The people demand it!!! Wake up!!
so Uthink
18 Million uninsured in 2018  increasing to 32 million in 2026 is Good? B a leader! #FixNoRepeal U #Disappoint #GOP HAS NO IDEAS
Cover more people, at lower cost, with better quality care or "reform" is a failure. Take a stand for the health of our fellow citizens.
I truly do not believe you believe that this is better. Don't disappoint me. You seem to care more than most.
In the words of my representative @RepJoeWilson "you lie" - registered SC voter
GOP doesn't understand - BIPARTISAN - it is the American way!!
Just stop it. It's a terrible bill. Fix what's wrong with Obamacare and find something else to do.
How?
No it isn't.

Sorry that dog won' t hunt
If you vote to take healthcare away from 30 million Americans, your legacy will be blackened forever.
Sure, if you're a mortician.
Bullshit Lindsey, a total of 14% will approve of this one?  Work on a real cohesive plan, out here in the real world we all have to do it.
