Why cant the entire USA have the same healthcare and insurance that Congress has?? Please answer that Lindsey
Give it up!  The bipartisan groups in Congress know how to get reform done for allAmericans. Please step off the soapbox and let them work.
Enough go away
Well, sir, you might try compromise and working with the democrats on a viable way to fix the ACA. America is sick of GOP partisanship.
Dems are in visceral knee jerk opposition mode. There is now no working with them.
Hopefully that can change. I have seen many messages here on Twitter and in the news of Dems offering to work with R's on fix for ACA.
Republican plan is exact opposite of healthcare for the people. Work across the aisle and fix things or get the hell out.
The GOP was so eager to break Obamacare b/c God forbid you think about humans over politics & cross the aisle to make something good.
You only wanted to obstruct Democrats and prevent a great solution. It is STILL a better option for many b/c they could now have insurance.
I guess that’s why you GOPers love it so much
Yet again, you and I disagree. ObamaCare  is not perfect and it can be fixed. DO THAT!
You are so sadly out of touch with what is right and just for all Americans.
We want the affordable care act left in effect. #leaveaffordablecarealone #scarymemories
You are the exact opposite of a patriot, traitor. #TrumpApologist
Really? What about the positive health outcomes and employment that has come out of ACA? #justsaying
Bull
Sounds like a definition of the GOP!
Help fix it then- if you're not part of the solution , you're part of the problem.
Then fix it.
UR beating a dead horse Lindsey! The point is to FIX it! U just can't stand hearing Obama! Call it Lindseycare but fix it cuz Repubs own HC!
Can't understand why GOP put its neck on the primary election chopping block.
That description fits you perfectly.....
Build something better that can pass Congress. WE are tired of you guys trying to tear down Obama care to make yours appear better.
Propose changes.  With integrity.  Regular order!

OK, so let's strip all senators and congressmen of their insurance TODAY and see how the "market" treats them.
Then why did you vote for it?  I'm not for Obamacare, but you should not have voted for it.
Wrong. Liars. You don't even know. Hell you didn't know what was in your own HC bill. We are sick of you!
However, it does penalize providers for poor quality and reward good care.  States like Miss & LA need to do better.
Retired Hosp CEO
Right. All the chaos trump has caused is high quality. Vote you out.
So was the bill you proposed in Congress that failed.  It lacked any meaningful innovation or quality improvement whatsoever. #giantpunt
Can we stop pissing and moaning about Obamacare now?  That's all you've done, literally all you have done, for years.  Instead of Repeal & Replace, let's Fix & Repair.
@LindseyGrahamSC is a Liar 
Wants Americans dead for Profit 
His career is over
If you really think you have a good idea for healthcare, have the guts to use regular order and robust inclusion and pass a lasting law.
I think you confuse ACA with Graham-Cassidy. I mean...have you READ that bill? CBO did...
Maybe you should write a better bill then... oh wait you failed.
A much more polished attack than many of your associates. I commend you! And look forward to when you will be commended to me.
So are you 
Drop it, man. You clowns lost again. ACA needs repairing, not repealed because the Orange Hernia said so.
No it was a start to do something better.  States we're involved prior to it. You need to improve it and not destroy it.
THEN STOP COMPLAINING AND FIND A SOLUTION SO EVERY AMERICAN CAN HAVE A RIGHT TO LIVE W.O. AMERICANS HAVING TO DECIDE PILLS OR BILLS
Just level with people, you want them to loose coverage, why?
Remember the Tobacco money, how did that get spent, why are you trying to hurt the Americans who need help the most? WHY???
I think you are describing the @GOP in a nutshell. It's 2017 and we peasants know better.
You cannot be serious. After two terms of hating Obama this is the best you can do.
Alright, then help to fix it
Then fix it.
Stop beating a dead horse, Lindsey.  The game now is bipartisan SOLUTION to the health care crisis.  Get in the game!

I am not opposed to hearing a republican solution, but if it only shuffles profits for HCIs, it is no solution.
Says the good Senator who receives Socialised health care through the VA.
I'm sick of you all. You are Trumpette. 33% of citizenry is holding the rest of us hostage. Trump is immoral, self-loving, bully, sick.
@GOP But it is what the people wants
GrahamCassidy is worthless legislation designed to bankrupt the states and kill the sick and poor people of America.
Blame the Heritage Foundation....they designed it
you need to work with Dems to fix it and stop trying to destroy it
Nonsense.  Diss your donors tell you to say that.  I think u r bought and paid for.
If Obamacare is so bad, why can't you repeal and replace it? Seems like people want ACA more than nothing, which is what you're selling
Looser!
Sounds like you're describing a new car there Senator. Precisely your problem; healthcare is for people, New cars are for rich politicians.
Then fix it.  Congress passed it, Congress should FIX it.
You've become a withered little ball of hate, feasting on lies, puking lies. You used to b someone we could respect. No longer.
You didn't offer health care and everybody knows that. Everyone is tired of the lying rhetoric from the #GOP
Lindsey, the ACA is not a research grant for innovation. How much innovation has come out of the insurance companies? Flexibility? What does that mean? The only flexibility I see coming from the HMOs is how to deny services. And high quality? That belongs ti the health providers.
Shameful but predicted.
Wrong!
And you have nothing to place it with....how many attempts? Start working with Dems to fix ACA as this is becoming tiresome.
Yours was a pile also. You're own party wouldn't vote for it.
So are you!!
Stop lying to the people! It didn’t work the first 2 times & now it’s over. Here’s a tissue snowflake, set those tears & move on!
Affordable Care Act
You do know it was based on a Republican plan first proposed by the Heritage Foundation
No...Miss Lindsey...YOU ARE the exact opposite of quality health care for Americans.  Take some more lobby $$$ & try again!
Fix it ! Do what is right.
The poor, needy & sick just want healthcare not necessarily, innovation!   Wake up!  And give a damn about we the people.  All the people!
The CBO said Trump is intentionally trying to sabotage the ACA! Why do you want to be associated with that? STOP BEING A WIMP!
FORCE the enrollment period to return to normal. REFUSE to allow them to perform maintenance during the enrollment period. They are CHEATING
LEAVE THE ACA in place!! Force the GOP to support it and stop misappropriating funds (TOM PRICE! REPAY THE MONEY!). Improve it!!!
How about decide you're going to respect him, work WITH DEMOCRATS to IMPROVE the ACA, as AMERICANS WANT, and call it the McCain ACA?
I could not disagree more. Justice and reason prevailed.
It says either you don't really respect him or we're right about you- anything for the Party. Which is it?
What does that say about your respect for Sen McCain if you're so willing to sell everyone else out who suffers from cancer or worse?
You created a bill that harms millions with the exact issues McCain is dealing with RIGHT NOW-- they'd not be able to afford insurance.
So Sen Graham- you stand up for Sen McCain against Trump, so why would you create a healthcare bill that harms millions just like him?
So man up and work with Dems to fix it
Shut Up, Lindsey!
Just stop it already.. y'all lied about how many would lose insurance, how many would lose Medicaid. Enough is enough! Leave it be!!
No this describes you Lindsey and failed your country; those voted Trump who work to vote you out!
Then pass a bill that even 50 republicans agree on! It's very simple if you can't do that shut up about healthcare
Well u didn't care enough about it the vote Yes in the House passed bill so I don't believe u
so fix it, don't toss kids and elderly and disabled to the wolves
Oh my god give up already
Lindsey Graham is the exact opposite of loyal, ethical, and trustworthy. Pass a law removing the Congressional exemption to Obamacare asshat
Give it up, Linsdey. Enough is Enough!
Want those things? Enact Medicare for All!!
#alternativefacts
If you aren't interested in working across the aisle for a fix, shut the hell up & get off the train. It's simple. Citizens before cronies.
get over it
Sounds like you Senator Graham.
So wait until regular senate rules, sit with the Dems, talk with doctors and hospitals, and work on it
So glad you failed like a dog !!!
ACA is not perfect. It is YOUR job to improve upon it. Not repeal & replace. Or u truly embody what everyone thinks of white GOP-ers #racist
Go take a nap
Innovation: Created individual insurance market that reduced uninsured rate to lowest in history. Flexibility: Created Accountable Care Organizations, revitalized primary care, reduced job lock. High Quality: Hospital errors and readmissions down - #ACA works!
Ocare is not perfect but it would've been ten fold better had the GOP not actively hindered its progression every step of the way. So petty
Consider the school voucher analogy, take subsidies from hospitals and give to individuals. It's budget neutral and innovative health reform
yea thats why the GOP bills over health care continues to fail
Am I the only one that thinks a terminal comma should've been used?
The bill you proposed was a death sentence.  The ACA tops that by far, sir.
Just shut up.   You have no cred
How do you rush to sign a bill with no CBO score? No hearings? Do it right if it takes a year. Put AMERICA FIRST.
Do we believe the the Sen Graham who more oft than not supports Trump? Or, the Sen Graham who was bringing cocktail hour to the WH as POTUS?
It's just what is keeping millions alive, including me.
Improve on it or come up with a better plan. You have had 7 years....
....and your Bill was the opposite of a caring health care system for the most vulnerable Senator
And you still dont have a better idea.
You should know!!
Agree it was a republican idea.   No one to single payer
Then work with Dems & fix the ACA!!
Well...it's better than your bill.
Senator, I watched the debate last night. You guys presented ZERO SOLUTIONS. All you had was an argument about governor's power? This is HC
Magic funds? Bernie said this was a trillion dollar cut, you guys talked about a magic fund at the state level? Cut is a cut, no magic.
There are problems with ACA, but it was much worse BEFORE the ACA. Premiums went up every year, plans changed, and there were no choices.
ACA is so much more than your petty politics. Reality is we are now more focused on toll needless hospital readmissions put on patients.
Sad!
Really? Then how come every national 30 day hospital readmission rate declined this year bettering patient outcomes lowering Medicare costs?
So was GrahamCassidy. Work in a bipartisan way to give us decent coverage. Stop letting the insurance companies determine our care!
Senator you should spend more time defending Senator McCain from the atacks from Trump, remind him that Senator McCain is a true hero
Sour grapes. If you would do something to fix it you might find that you can make it work. You work for the people so compromise.
#GrahamCassidy was a bill that would kick 30M+off of insurance. It's the exact opposite of humane. The more u tried, the worse the bill was.
You know what’s really high quality? Stop being bought off by insurance companies and Bug Pharma!!!!
You are not smart enough to improve it. You had your chance. What a clown.
Unlike your turd of a bill, which would have resulted in millions of Americans losing coverage, killing untold thousands.
Mr. Graham, you're clueless!
Ok... so we've been hearing what Obamacare in NOT for years. Talk about how GOOD your plan is, then. Wait... maybe don't try to do that
Senator, you have to find something that protects pre-existing conditions and controls utilization at the same time. Good luck!
Do your job, work with democrats to FIX it. That's what PEOPLE want!!!!
For Pete's sake work with the other side......
Every other developed country has universal coverage via mandates, subsidies, and community rating, just like Obamacare.
We just don't believe you Senator, your are really describing the @gop.
Nope. It’s good and could be great if you’d roll up your sleeves and work for a bipartisan solution.
Then help improve it, tweak it, make it great. Quit the constant fussing and tantrums.
You're the exact opposite of a public servant. You are a shill for lobbyists and big $ donors. You couldn't care less about the people of SC
RA-TI-OOOOOOOO
Give it up!
lol masks  off huh ?
Blah blah! Stop this nonsense & fix it! It can work. Uphold the law!
Then fix it!
Lololol! Please tell me more about innovation, as someone who was unable to create a better option
Work across the aisle and get the Stabilization Bill passed. South Carolina is counting on you. Don't disappoint them.
No, it's the opposite of 20 million people without health insurance.
You are the exact opposite of what I thought you were. Thanks for showing your true stripes.
Then WHY not come up with a plan good for all Americans instead of just trying to repeal Obamacare! SAD
Australia/Germany seem to love there a single-payer system. 4 to 6 weeks to see a specialist on average. About the same as the US. 1/3 cost.
ACA is so awful,? didn't U & ur GOP trolls wrk 2 fix & make it better.U did nothing 4 7 yrs excpt try 2 tke it away.get off r Twitter thread
It's time to put politics aside, listen to Americans,  we want a bipartisan solution to healthcare. Stop ignoring us, hear Americans
Sore loser. Quit your whining, and work across the aisle to fix the problems with the ACA and get good health care for everyone.
No the fact that it allows insurance companies to not participate is the problem. One goal better health - not more $.
Y'all did dress up the tax cut in repeal and replace real nice! We know what you are about.
Your time is up. You need to go home, have a mint julep  and hire a couple of hustlers to rub your feet.
You sir are intent on screwing the disadvantaged among us. Take your head and screw it on straight. 2018
And the opposite of your bill,  because it passed.
Republicans were big fat liars and Americans see this. Preexisting is a deal breaker, stop messing with it!
No sir, you're the exact opposite of a compassionate leader in our country. You don't give a flip about We the People
@LindseyGrahamSC watching too much Seinfeld. OCare is based on a Repub plan, I would think you would like it. Being poor is not a diagnosis
How old is Obamacare ? and How old is your Plan ? You have no innovation ,no flexibility ,no Quality ,You have nothing .You can`t Beat O.C.
WORK TOGETHER and do your job!  Stop pointing fingers and blaming the Dems!  Find an answer together and restore unity!  We are in CHAOS!
But it is the law, Jethro.
What are your thoughts on the Affordable Care Act (ACA) Senator Graham?
Thank you for your hard work to move this conversation forward. I truly appreciated your comments at the debate yesterday.
So is the average spatula but I still find mine to be indispensable in the kitchen and will never give it up.
Time to work across the aisle - bipartisan effort to improve the ACA not replace it. The people have spoken - #NoGrahamCassidy
Single payer is only way to free businesses, and individuals.  But you're Koch Bros won't be happy.  It's not socialism it's smart and good
But taking away health care and bankrupting families is innovation? Please! Spare us the bullshit. Stop trying to pay off your benefactors
I've had nothing but excellent care while on an ACA plan. Great doctors, a healthy baby and easy process.  I'm in SC.
No kidding. It was, and is, a GOP/Heritage Foundation healthcare scam. No wonder it's a fetid pile of dog shit. #SinglePayer
