LIND U USED TO BE GREAT,AS DISA VET I RESENT YOU AND MCCAIN'S BITTERNESS TO TRUMP& AMER.OPORT TO GET USA 2B PLAYER
THE RUSSIAN CONNECTION IS OBAMA LIFTING SATIONS ON IRAN HILARY SELLING URAN TO PUTIN,GIV.170B 2 IRAN 2BUY FROMRUSS
YOU KNOW THERE IS NOT A DAMN THING BETWEEN TRUMP AND ANY RUSSIAN.U R A SORE LOSER &MCCAIN BITTER LOSER LOST MYVOTE
Saw you and McCain in south Ukraine receiving medals from the fascist Poroshenko! You are no good Graham.
both are no good . McCain calls Lindsey his beloved. Hmmm what about McCains wife ??
graham is joke with butthurt feelings
Please make sure there IS an open nvestigation.
Is it possible for you to keep your mouth shut? If U can't support the party shut up or get out!
Lindsey needs to recuse himself from congress permanently.
#pizzgate is going to expose a lot of people - we are ready with the tar and feathers
and I think you should retire Mr. Graham...the new Republican party doesn't need or want you.
However, you're known by the company you keep.
Not good enough
Sessions should stay, the far right wing Republican is the problem
sessions should investigate Graham and McCain.
Graham you are what I call a total dirtbag for you Trump hate. You got beat bad in the primary, because of it.
@Lolalolita0000 @LindseyGrahamSC Ill allways hate you but go getem LG.
he was just posing. He does back Sessions tho. So.it's the same bs
so has to go as well.
Lynch should have recused herself about meeting Bill Clinton over Hillary..Why is that different?
so tired of you - you'd be a liberal democrat if you could get elected in your home state - not a true GOP
Everyone knows Graham is KGB.
Why?! There is no story here. The real story is why you are supporting Obamas shadow government.
Lindsey Graham needs to step down and quit blaming Russia for everything!
blah blah blah blah blah blah
you sir are a fool
way to go . DEMOCRAT Graham, why don't you admit that you are. You always vote with those losers!
Closet Graham should just go to the Dem side!  Or is he a plant like McCain & others to damage the Rep side??
Where's Lindsay's BFF McCrap? They r the two mean girls n 'Carrie" with their bucket of blood, waiting 2 dump it.
I believe u shld recuse urself 4 being #traitor 2 party & country! #RINO U know his character,grow spine,stand up!
There is no crime, go work and stop the petty nonsense
I believe it's time for the Senator to stop being a Democrat sympathizer.
Agreed as Loretta Lynch should have then we would have had trust in the system
Who's team are you on?
says the failed presidential candidate. 
Graham has got to go. Or switch parties. He's an embarrassment to the Republican Party.
Reminds me of a fool flattening pennies on RR tracks.A train is coming.He ignores it 'cause he's having 2 much fun
@SpeakerRyan 
●PLSREADME⚘■
WATT'S UP w/GRAHAM WHY DID YOU DO THIS TO A KIND AG? 'CAUSE OF POTUS" PICK? WRONG
Get back to work and off the TV crying about NOTHING.  South Carolina, vote this guy out.
Get on the TRUMP train, or get out of the way!
Hey Lindsey, go suck on an egg. You are so predictably boring.
i believe Graham should go out to pasture already. Term limits!
He did
you mean like Lynch did after the meeting on the tarmac? Double standard much?
You know Goddam' well there SHOULD be an investigation in Trump/Russia relations.
Lindsey needs to retire.  He is a RINO and part of the problem!
he knows this is all a bunch of horse manure plotted by the ones who want to destroy OUR president. DRAIN SWAMP
Oh no you scream for 9 committees to investigate it for as long as he's in power Benghazi Benghazi Benghazi Bengha
Hey, Lindsey, when did you become a Democrat? Your constituents should recall you immediately!
61 y/o @LindseyGrahamSC 22 y in congress, & 33y military. Fully vested in both. Time to retire. TY for your service.
I question ur loyalty.  When HRC LIED & ppl died re Benghazi her ppl stood by 100%. Where is Republican loyalty?
.@LindseyGrahamSC @jeffsessions should be fired. #VoteThemOut
another reason for term limits. Please give us term limits.
I think graham and McCain should resign. How about that?
and he did, move on
retire
I think you should Quit also!
Our tax dollars at work. Resign @LindseyGraham!
you need to excuse yourself from politics.....period!
RINOS  need to lose their seats.
Nothing but a RINO. Sick of him and McCain
@jessebwatters   Jesus Graham your breath stinks have an establishMINT
We can all hope that SC comes to their senses and boots this gutless turd from D.C.
I think ole Graham needs a mental exam and sent home!!
Lindsey you play once again straight into the Democrats Playbook.  Keep your focus on what needs to be done.
another Devil . Everyone wants to investigate everyone ... we'll start by looking into the mirror !
And, I don't believe in you Lindsey Lohan. I mean, #lindseygraham !
HRC&Obama Arm Mid Ea-Gave IRAN $1.7BillionCASHmid night-Left Benghazi Troops4Dead-Delete30k emails&WHOS Pntg @WHO?
And I think my esteemed colleague. From SC should resign and allow a true patriot to be appointed in his stead.
It's sick the way the Dems rush to judgement and start burning OUR tax dollars on this BS!
why such he do that Obama's AG didn't recuse during the investigation of Hillary's E-Mail investigation
Graham needs to fall in line or continue to look like a loser.
graham you are a liberal parasite want a be.
this idiot is a democrat in a republican suit. Him and McCain
tell republicans to back Sessions or we'll start a third party trump doesn't need them. They better back him up.
Graham and McCain peas in a pod. Rotten.
so busted!  tell  on  yourself!
he and McCain need to go.
Traitor!!! You never done anything  good  since you were senator
- blah blah blah.  Out of date.
. He took the honorable path
back at you Graham
. Hopefully he doesn't get elected again! Disgusting!
TRUTH be known, who hasn't spoke or met with them?
, please be part of the solution !
retire @LindseyGrahamCC no one care what you think or say. You are part of the problem.
Sessions did nothing wrong.  With friends like Graham, who needs the politics first, country last, democrats!
graham is a loser that want's to invalatldate Trump's presidency.  He and McCain should ride into the sunset!!!!!
Lindsey you know and the nation knows he should be fired and possibly spend time in jail. No excuse. He Lied!!
Thank goodness there are a few Republicans with integrity.  Bless you Senator Graham.
Repubs can't tolerate any honesty!
liberals are radicals.
Let's get a republican senator in NC who realizes who won and supports the duly elected president.
graham. GO AWAY
if you don't believe in the Republicans would you say you are go become a Democrat I'm tired of you
With all due respect, I wish you would just zip it! McCain as well!
idiot
Sen. Graham, One day I would love you to stand behind Republicans instead of ALWAYS siding with the Democrats
isn't this guy tired of carrying water for McCain and the Dems. You are a fake Lindsay.
This guy has got to  go. SC deserves better.
Lindsey Graham, You are such a Whussy.  I cant believe you were a Colonel, keep carrying the dems water for them
The limp wristed RINO appearing on the limp wristed Liberal "news" anchor...It doesn't get any more phony!
you are paid for by the Soros team and have a very poor agenda.
oh my goodness enough Lindsey
; Lindsay Graham is a RINO Globalist trying to position himself as a future Presidential Candidate! Won't Happen!
where we're you on the Clinton Lynch meetings rhino
u r such a wimp Lindsay. Same with most of the Republicans.  U eat your own. U don't fight back so u will lose.
@realDonaldTrump Recuse or resign.
Oh my, the newest Democratic cry baby who lost his campaign try. "AGAIN" He an Schumer share a crying towel.
blowhardness at its best. #ericholder where were you then?
oh look a chance for Lindsey 2 hear himself speak. He must feel like a mushroom in the shadows so much lately. OMG
I can't stand to listen to your irritating voice!!!
Lindsey Graham should retire!
and we care what Lindsey Graham has to say, why?
I believe all republicans that don't have the testicle fortitude to stand up to media, should be voted out.
I BELIEVE PEOPLE SHOULD QUIT LYING ABOUT IT
...RINO.
Lindsey Graham is a RHINO and is pathetic.
needs to be recalled by SC
If If If there is no evidence to launch an investigation, the Intel people know this, purely political.
need to drain the swamp
sure you would.  Always tuck the tail, crawl into fetal and hope the dems go away.
Graham's nothing but a Dem who is still crying over losing to Trump. NEVER vote or support Graham for anything!
I want see all liberal democrats congress people's Russia phone calls along with McCain & Grahams Rhinos
Lindsey please retire
so yall can railroad President Trump? I dont think so.
Graham should resign.  He is more a Dimwit Dem than a republican
what about we finish sending Hillary to prison.
I believe that you senator Graham should help Pres.  Trump by retiring There is a younger republican to replace U
who side is graham on
Not ours! Hey Graham Soros much?
both Graham & McCain need to support the team, and not the Dem's like they do. The fact is I don't trust either
here's the problem old school talk do nothing he'll B out of a job soon
Look! It's Liberace Lindsey!
Graham is such a piece of trash can't stand this guy  show your true colors and join the other party
And Graham should resign.
I'm done with Lindsey Graham.
now wonder twitter is the new news medium...non-stop whining on CNN...non-stop@commercials on Fox!
He did!
Be careful Sen Graham your liberal side is beginning to show through. You are a good man, concentrate on America!
Russia
your a trader and not a very good friend you know all this is bs
Mcain and graham, leaks start with tha we two morons
I think #RINO #lindseygraham should recuse himself from the #republicanparty & get out of @realDonaldTrump work!
no onenin middle America gives a damn about this or Kelly Anne put hers shoes on the Oval Office couch. Get off it
Lindsey Graham sucks he won't get voted in again in South Carolina
He needs 2 resign. Need an independent investigation outside of #GOP. Americans deserve truth. #SessionsResignNOW
come out of the closet already! You'll be happier.
Lindsey, you are so very wrong so very often.
Lindsey is still  mad cause Trump gave out his number,
South Carolina Tea Party needs to up it's game & get rid of him.
Graham is so useless, pathetic!!
I no longer have ANY RESPECT for Senator Graham. He will not be reelected. Good riddance.
Graham has lost his political manhood and it shows in these sissyish rants. Days are numbered as DIMWits.
I believe @LindseyGrahamSC needs to stop undermining everyone in the Trump administration.
