@SandraTXAS @LindseyGrahamSC He should shut his mouth.  What if it was his child or family.  Ummm does he have either?
So, when can we look forward to Trump being removed?
I see the Russian trolls are active
, those trolls know #America people will listen&  proud of both lovely Senators. God bless
"their wars" you say? Take a look at what your leader did to Aleppo. #shameless
Not Fun
Fun or Disaster?
I see all the democrats love agree with you & your boyfriend McCain. Theirs a lot wrong with this picture. Do your job
hey Bob you should read about Sessions contacts with R while a surrogate for Trump. He lied at confirmation!!
Their is 0 connection With Sessions & Rússia or with Trump this is political witch hunt with demo & rinos leading
@ Do you not see that Sessions and Kushner are lying. Why?
Fun, respectful,  you both senators are great, caring people. Fantastic human being. Making #America proud & #united .
You are the Disaster
actually Graham realizes that Trump and R are a threat to our democracy! More people should wake up!
Muslium Iranian Puppet Obama need to bé ivestigated along with sec.kerry,  150milion 2 iran 4 Reasome 4 presoners
I was confused. Especially the part about muslims and vetting. Intelligence reports suggest ppl become radicalized years..
Great job...thank you!
It was good, but you kept swinging your leg each time you gave a good response and it was swinging a lot
Fun, informative and, at the end, poignant. Audience quite reserved, tho...did they only admit narcoleptics?  Zzzzzzz 
after arriving in the US.
thanks to both of you good friends, courageous,  brave,  Senators who are knowledgeble & care for #Americans & humanity.
McCainGaham buddies in deception
buddies in deception
It was great!
a screened audience. Two traitors to rep party!!!
fun, I'm not a Republican but you are one of the bright spots in your party.  Run against Trump in 2020!!
I'd definitely be proud to have him as our president - whether I voted for him or not.
shame on you calling yourself a republican,,, get behind Jeff sessions an Trump shame
You are a Disaster!
Why is it you and McCain are always together? I don't watch CNN #fakenews  Go on #Hannity See you there.
@SenJohnMcCain....Im a Dem but I loved it...hope you do it again ! ♡♡♡
As a progressive , if and @SenJohnMcCain were in charge at least I could sleep at night . This was a great event. Thank You
I am a dem and disagree with u on almost all issues but I RESPECT THAT U SAY WHEN TRUMP IS WRONG! AMERICA FIRST THEN PARTY
You impeached and took Clinton's law liscense for making a false statement about a sexual relationship in a civil lawsuit
An AG making false statements to Congress about interactions with Russian officials who interfered with the election..worse
You are a disaster and Repubs will see to it you're not re-elected. Traitor to the party.
nice show.   I like how direct, intelligent, humorous you are. You & John are examples that "politician" is not a bad name
The American people are so sick of hearing about Russia. You and your lover, McCain, always cause massive trouble
Watched it all...Great job!
a big mess
@SenJohnMcCain  Thank you both for your service, and for putting COUNTRY B4 PARTY. Pls, we need INDEPENDENT investigation.
Please support OIG for independent investigation on Putin, Sessions and Trump campaign people and new admin.
you guys were great and it was nice to see that side of you.
I used to be a closeted transgender raised in a conservative family. You remind me a lot of myself graham. Stay strong
great job.
LOVERS!
Fun
If you are taking money for campaigns from George Soros and continually ANTI TRUMP,SESSIONS! YOU SIR ARE A TRAITOR TO USA!
Sessions needs to resign asap!!! #SessionsLied #Trumprussia
I've never seen  two Republicans against there own party that are always together. I'd say there sleeping buddys also.Ugh
Fun!
@SenJohnMcCain 
Butt Buddies!!
both you and McCain operatives for the left!
you say AG Sessions is your friend! With friends like you who needs enemies!
you are speakable you right away do not stand up for what's right you need to be voted out of office!
we need more of these. Bipartisan ones especially.
Get with it, fella. Shut the eff up!
@SenJohnMcCain you're BOTH disasters. CNN is where you belong. FAKE interview
stay the course!!!
nice interview last night, really well done
Stop trying to undermine the president. RINO
please ask that Jeff Sessions recuse himself. He lied under oath, Senator. We need ethics and government we can trust.
thank you!
If you pay attention you'll note that your supporters on here are Libs!  Good for you and McCain!
we look forward to seeing you at Clemson on Saturday. Eat your Wheaties and hydrate.
Insert "Prez Clinton" on Russian reports. Imagine what your GOP Congress would be doing. Now you better do it. @NastyWP
I hope you both do this again.  It was very informative. Your friendship is special also.
Clinton perjured self re: affair, was impeached. AG perjures himself re: Russia: how is this lesser offense?? 
we the people are watching you we don't approve of your traitorous Ways support our POTUS or step down #RECALL #MAGA
let's not be so chummy with Trump like he hasnt said/done all he has.. you had me at  "bat-shitcrazy". Tump is still Trump.
It was great. This Iowan is grateful for both of you.
It's obvious you and John Mccains agenda!!Americans see right through it and you'll pay come Election timeTraitors to us!
and to think I liked you at one time. But then again, I didn't know who you were back then.
fake news CNN with fake lousy republicans.
just go away. Both you and McLame
both you and McCain are embarrassments to the GOP.
you're a sore loser. No, you're just a loser.
I didn't get to watch, only clips, but your integrity, honesty and patriotism is a balm to the soul in these crazy times.
I finished the town hall thinking "THAT'S my father's Republican party". Thank you for putting country over party.
Traitor!
need to do the peoples' work instead of paid liberal protesters, Soros, McCain, & those who want obstruct Trump 's work.
fun and such a delight. I genuinely like you guys as well. And I'm not even republican but you're an example I respect.
impressed!
Frick n frack.  Everyday working people do not care about Russia or leaks.  We want Jobs. Ss, infrastructure, va, military.
agree with other Dems here except w/ U start wanting to kill entitlemnts instead of looking at garbage that needs to go.
to think I once respected you two. Duped
Been petrified since Jan 20, but I actually slept well last night. Thank you! @LindseyGrahamSC, @SenJohnMcCain,Mattis, McMaster, & Kelly!
Why hasn't @LindseyGrahamSC been investigated for attending #Bilderberg 2016? #LoganAct #Sedition #JeffSessions
Why did @LindseyGrahamSC take campaign funds from #GeorgeSoros? The same George Soros trying to usurp #PresidentTrump.
Definitely fun. For once, AUTHENTICITY in politicians. Loved it! Keep telling the truth!
Need you ask? Graham/McCain don't do disaster! Informative and fun as always. 
turned off my TV w/a smile after townhall w/senator McCain.  Was never a big fan but stay true to your words-Rooting for u
What is @LindseyGrahamSC hiding in his closet? #Witchhunt regarding Attorney #JeffSessions. You will be exposed.

Great to see open honest adult discussion. I'm a Dem but would vote for either of you.Very wise men! Informative
how about a little respect for "The President"!
Specifically, you said The Attorney General can't possibly make this decision about "Trump". Again, it's "President Trump"!
Hey Mr. Graham... Sorry one of your good old boys isn't in the Whitehouse, but it's not "Trump", it's "President Trump"!
I'm so done with you.
I'm one of the dems that called ur office with a plea of "help." Well, you guys were GREAT!How abt a bi-partisan townhall?
you and McCain have become sad pathetic figures in the Republican Party
Introduce a law that former Presidents can't run shadow guv with the help of you 2 bozos. Russia/tax returns/ha NSA has you
You two could go on the road with those stage names.
@jeffsessions @SpeakerRyan Sessions lied to congress. What will you do. Russia influence is getting more intense.
I want to continue hating you, but you're making it so hard!
we need term limits.
Going to watch this morning. I admire you both so should be fun. :-)
Bravo!!  And I'm a dem :)
- please join John McCain and independently investigate Trump group involvement with Russia pre and post election
Fun! And reassuring. I trust you guys. It's good to know there are competent and principled leaders in DC!
FUN Lindsey unplugged was bravery, substance with a Patriotic fusion of A true war hero at his side TY Senators 
A DISASTER!!
How dare you two BOZOS 
make fun of & laugh at President Trump! You are a couple of CLOWNS & you should be ASHAMED
I'm a Dem but really enjoyed it. Thank you for being a voice of reason and putting country before party.
and have u noticed it's only liberals that like your tweets and leave positive comments?? Switch your Party
nope Cindy..I Republican...red to the roots
is a traitor to our Party, McCain too. VOTE THESE GUYS OUT OF OFFICE!!!!!!
Senate terms are 6 yrs..settle down
I KNOW it's 6 yrs. Was just speaking in general terms about the 2 warmongers.
how dare you promote identity theft what about that family how it affected them? R u kidding me? Ppl r destroyed that way 2
Fun!!!
U r a disaster. Come home and do town halls, traitor
I enjoyed what I watched- from a lifelong democrat!! We can disagree on policy but agree that hate is never ok!
I liked it. I am a far left progressive.... but I like you and John....You're old style republicans, good and decent.
Hey girls!!! How about Jeff's lies under oath? Doesn't that just kind of twerk your sphincter a notch
sometimes you need to learn to shut up.  Attacking @jeffsessions @southcarolina must get rid of you #draintheswamp
and please give Russia two kicks in the ass for me.  Thanks!
your comments on immigration reform should serve as a model for how all leaders should communicate this issue to americans.
@SenJohnMcCain  So glad u had fun, as u deserved it. But, will u stand up for us and demand Jeff Sessions' resignation?
THANKS Senator Graham.
Following your beliefs more important than job security or following the party line. Impressed independent.
Nice job on your town hall, Linds!
you guys are great, love you both, but your buddy Sessions is a sleaze bag, sorry in advance if I'm wrong, but I doubt it.
@SenJohnMcCain  you were both great tonight..   which is so refreshing these days... I'm 100% Democrat!!!
love you two!  Politicians with integrity. We need more of you!
WE NEED A BIPARTISAN INDEPENDENT COMMISSION ON TRUMP/RUSSIA SCANDAL! OUR LIBERAL DEMOCRACY IS AT STAKE!
I loved it. I don't always agree with your politics but I think you and McCain are good people and I'm thankful for you.
You are a true GOP for the people. I voted against #Trump, but I would have voted for YOU in a heartbeat.
made me remember why as a Democrat I adore you two!
Keep demanding the Truth about Russia. You and McCain will go down in history for being brave and putting #AmericanFirst!
you were absolutely great, you're the shining star for both parties, the @POTUS is lucky to have your smarts #CNNTownhall
@SenJohnMcCain That was good to watch. Your talk on defense & standing up for what you believe over party earned my respect
you and @SenJohnMcCain helped to restore my faith in the Republican Party tonight. Country before party. Thank you.
we are counting on the two of you to stand up to tyranny. Don't fail America.
It was fun. Loved it. You did wonderful as did McCain.
Why would anyone trust you, member of the "nothing to see here" party of traitors? Dominated by Pee Party & PeePee Toads?
From a Dem in WI Nice to hear no BS and some brilliant analysis on Putin and Middle East  
Democrats put country before party. If Hillary had asked us to collude with Russia we would have turned her in!
you can not let a man who liied to the Senate of the US under oath remain. The rule of law  and credibility destroyed
you cannot let a man who lied to our Senate under oath remain esp @ justice. The rule of law and integrity of govt dissolving
Sen. Graham- It is a fact there are more Canadians who are illegal here than any other nationality. They overstay visas.
Your genuine friendship was nice to see.  Please keep up the Russian investigation.  So many of us are losing faith in
our Democracy.  Thank you both!
as a lefty and a Canadian I am quite impressed...it was fun. The world would be a better place if you'd won..
I am curious about your stance on women's issues: gender gap, abortion, PP, legislation etc.
Never mind  however I believe we can differ on some ideologies and still agree on others 
No Illegal Canadians?! I can show u 10 illegal canadians actually taking our GOOD jobs now! How ignorant are u?? #soracist
We the People have had a gut full of u & mccain & others conspiring against Our President so get ready 4 a lawsuit from us.
How does it feel to be abject human garbage?
I sincerely enjoyed it and appreciate your efforts,humor and level headed demeanor. You would have been a great President
FUN. Let's have fun Friday and Saturday in Seneca/ Clemson. See you there.
wish I could be there.
I'm a democrat , I thought you both were pretty good and honest . Now what about Sessions!? Please do the right thing
thank you for putting yourself out there. Accountability is bipartisan. 
from Hilton Head, you did a great job Lindsey! Thanks for doing us proud
HEADS UP: you probably will get asked about sessions lying in his hearing about that russia thing
Need independent investigation of Trump, Sessions, and Russians.
fun and it was great
thank you both, @SenJohnMcCain. WTP need to have these assurances. Thank you for work and sincere efforts.
You two statesmen are always fun.
I might want to consider a new career in late night tv.  Thumbs up!
thanks for saying the state dept. should not lose funds and how important it is! dem here, you are honorable!
stick together guys.
@SenJohnMcCain FUN -- it is clear you both love our country and put it before party. Thank you!
