POLITICO-Harvard poll: Obamacare repeal still tops GOP voters' to-do lists http://politi.co/2jwugFY  
It's a legalized death sentence to people who cannot defend themselves. Pro Life it's not.
Please stop
Thought you had pulled your head out of your ass for a while. Guess I was wrong.
Yeah to states poorly run who dont have to orovide Basic Fed standards of coverage. It is crap/ same crap different name. Shame on you.
Give it up
Are you proud of yourself, @LindseyGrahamSC? I would be ashamed if I were you.  Just sayin'.
and me, well, I'm sick to my stomach (pun intended) thinking about what your bill will do to me and so many others. Inhumane.
Many states close to bankruptcy.  Bill severely cuts 'Caid & 30M lose HC.  Reps desperate to pass before 9/30. Don't play politics w our HC!
Nobody in South Carolina trusts the Legislature to actually fund health coverage with that money.

If you do, I got a bridge in CHS to sell.
LINDSEY, you need to have 1 insurance agency. not 50. it would save an ins. companies 60billion. Think outside the box.
If your new bill actually repeals ALL of ACA & sends ALL money back to the states based on population not politics, then I can support it.
Code for: let the states screw the people.  
Result: race to the bottom.
Now we'll have 50 separate health care systems. Doesn't sound promising.
and it ends protection for people with per-existing conditions
Not GOP voters, just GOP. Party of death.

Hey @LindseyGrahamSC How could you listen to my concerns for my child's life & then propose a #healthcarebill that could kill her? 
Left to the vagaries of states that already have people drowning in poverty & don't care? People hungry. People homeless. BAD IDEA!
It takes away healthcare for those who most need it. I die if I live in one state but don't if I live in another? #UniversalHealthCare
You mean takes money from blue states and uses it to bribe red state senators to vote for your crap bill. #GrahamCassidy
Taking from poor, children, elderly, disabled for what??  People will die so you can provide tax cuts for millionaires & billionaires.
Trust me, the last thing your constituents want is for South Carolina to be in charge of their health care. #disaster #MedicareForAll
Stop playing politics with peoples lives.  Fix the ACA.
This is the most stupid bill I can imagine. States can't agree on equal rights regarding race, color, marriage, slavery, NOTHING. CIVIL WAR
If your plan is that good Congress should have it- It leave so many citizens high and dry
Graham-Cassidy bill destroys Medicaid, sends individual mrkt into chaos, ignores voter disdain for repeal bills, discriminates against (1)
Keep the rich rich and the poor poorer by EXTREME CUTS in Medicaid!!!!

If it passes and states fail to provide coverage for everyone, it is on you.  Can states sustain affordable, accessible care for all?
Bullshit Lindsey!  I'm getting sick of you!
Sure. Red States.
As you blithely, dishonesty push the burden down stream fixing nothing
Thanks
people with pre-existing conditions, age, women, & ignores bipartisan efforts 2 make needed fixes w/o throwing millions off health care. (2)
Why don't you GOPers swallow your pride and fix the ACA? People like it
You will kill people with this terrible repeal.
Won't happen
@politico No! This bill will hurt so many people. Premiums will be unaffordable. NO WAY!
@politico so none of us will be covered
I think you mean it steals money from blue states and distributes to red states so that only Dems are hit the hardest
Power to states is a great idea...except *hate states* like SC. Our state will the $ before spending to help low-income fams.
I AM all for that.
It's #obamacarelite. The GOP is not gonna just pass this and say "yaaay! We did it!"
However Real People will lose reasonable healthcare
Bullshit Lindsey, keep lying
FU!
And still screws millions of ppl out of HC. Removes protections, women's health etc etc. quit trying to repeal just to repeal.
Yeah and fucks people with pre-existing conditions.  Do you have no shame, madam?
It's even more obvious now : GOP hates people who aren't rich . You want us to die.
No senator . Your plan is a disaster!
And why is this better?  Why should people in some states have better health insurance than those in others? Aren't we all created equal?
, why are you not paying attention to the very loud  voices of Americans who don't want this
Give it up already
Your bill results in 16 million or more Americans losing medical coverage.   It is a shame that you are wasting our time with this disgrace.
#repent This is your last call.

It also takes the lives of disabled kids you don't give a damn about
CBO:
Start telling to truth. Stop hiding behind "states rights." You're my senator. I will hold you accountable.
Sounds great ... and by "great" I mean "like a turd sandwich"
Just another pig in a poke not buying what u are selling  #notograham. STOP #JUSTSTOP
It's a bad plan
If you return this responsibility to the individual states how the hell can you implement healthcare "across state lines" to reduce costs?
SC is screwed.
Be ashamed Mr Graham, be ashamed.
What the heck is wrong with you?
1. So this is happening.... Senator Lindsey Graham has submitted an amendment to the FY 2018 National Defense Authorization Act
Its a great bill if you don't have one of these 
Neat. Will tax reform do that?
Why are you so obsessed with denying poor folks access to care?
Bad idea.  Senator...u r known for many great things...healthcare is not one of them.  Use O-care as foundation and build in reforms.
You work for the people not Trump! We want ACA fixed, your plan kills!
Your destroying lives and families! Children will die! Shame on you!! My son is worth more than this evil!
Actually, you are cutting funding and access to health care for millions of people. You should be ashamed of yourself.
This is a horrible bill. Why do you keep wanting to take healthcare away from millions of Americans?

Are u joking Sir? Is this really who you've decided to be?! SO many shocking outcomes of the election...et tu LG?!
JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
Senator Graham, would you please explain the competitive advantage to a workforce that cannot afford heath care?  I can't see the benefit.
#GrahamCassidy is healthcare gerrymandering.
Hey, guess what?  Nobody wants that crap.
I guess killing the working poor and lying about it has now become acceptable morality.
What about the states that refuse to cover people that need it most those on Medicaid.  Look at Texas didn't accept Medicaid Screw the poor!
Your work to take health insurance away from millions of citizens is despicable.
Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. #GrahamCassidy
Would you let your family be on this monstrosity that you call a healthcare plan?!? .@LindseyGrahamSC  Shame on you! You only care about 1%!
It also screws people with PECs.
 I'm also hearing there may be no *full* CBO score for Graham-Cassidy--no coverage analysis.  What's the rush, Lindsey? #TrumpCare
They're trying to sneak it past not only Democrats but the American people too. They're trying to steam roll the bill before people read it.
The states will then find a way to give that money away to their crony friends.
I am a constituent and I hate your bill. It will hurt people.
S.T.U.P.I.D. (Senator Takes Usury Policy, Injects Debt)  So no health care for anyone but Congress. S.T.U.P.I.D.
It rips healthcare for those who need it most.
Holy shit! Leave our damn health care alone. NOBODY WANTS THIS!! Except you GOP asshats in Washington. Fix the ACA & stop wasting time!
When are you going to understand the all citizens in our country deserve healthcare. It's not just for you and you friends!
People in States that fully adopted Obamacare are doing better than those in states that didn't. What does that tell you? Bad idea.
it takes power and freedom from bankruptcy from individual people and gives it to their state governments
Healthcare is the federal government's responsibility.
Would you buy an insurance plan from this guy?  http://politicsthatwork.com/voting-record/Lindsey-Graham-300047 …

After ten years, it returns it to the rich people.
Why not let the bi-partisan bill go through regular order. This is as irresponsible the other three attempts last month. Shame on you.
Shame on you. This is an even more restrictive, cruel bill than the last and will harm millions of Americans. #savetheaca
Fix or repeal "Obama"care. Leave statues in place. Build the wall. Tax reform. Travel bans. Do it or give up your seat in Congress.
GrahamCassidy etc -best solution All politics local and states are best to react to patients, Drs, hospitals and Ins Cos Give them a chance
Block grants don't work and denying preexisting conditions is heartless!
Shame on you! Your again attacking helpless children like mine!-this is exhausting, excruciating and evil! Why don't you understand 
Liar, liar, pants on fire, Senator Graham. Stop sabotaging #ACA or 
support #MedicareForAll. Shame on you for doing this after 2 disasters
And cuts Medicaid big time in the future.
Because we need the government of Alabama in charge of our healthcare money. What a joke.
This business of irresponsibly requires a @TuckerCarlson look. Sorry don't care to find that meme but you can google it.
Shame on you!  You are putting party about healthcare needs of people of S.C.!  I was in SC State ins pool and paid over $ 2000K per month!
Enrollment for 2018 ACA starts 11/1 & ends 12/15. Trump reduced the ADVERTISING funds by 90% to announce enrollment  #SpreadTheWord
Our taxes pay for the GOP healthcare as they want to destroy ours. They have quit working for the poor and middle class.
Unfortunately your awful plan does NOTHING to curb price increases, insurance problems and other realities for people struggling to pay.
We don't want #GrahamCassidy
BOMBSHELL: Graham-Cassidy bill text is clear: under state waivers insurers can charge higher premiums for pre-existing conditions. 
Republican backed Citizens United allows unlimited funding that helps get all you lying Republicans elected. Where are your priorities?
IE - kill everyone who is poor or disabled. Got it.

So christian of you.
We don't want this bs!!! Shove your #GrahamCassidy bill!!! It's time for #SinglePayer
JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
Please focus on N Korea. See if POTUS will include McCain in war evaluation. Please stop fucking around w this, and fix storm.
Cassidy-Graham's Waiver Authority Would Gut Protections for People with Pre-Existing Conditions http://nzzl.us/XJ3QSB6  via @nuzzel
Guts coverage for pre-existing conditions! See also @ASlavitt, who ran Medicare/-caid /ACA. Enough already, Sens! Bipartisanship? Fix ACA.
YOU HAVE BEEN BOUGHT AND PAID FOR SENATOR. 

What's your price tag? How much has Trump offered u? Or is it blackmail? #resist #impeachTrump
That system is more flawed than the aca. It would reduce the number covered need to be replaced after 8 years anyway.
It would be nice if the GOP could stop their sabotage of the ACA. Support bipartisan fixes please.
That's a scary thought! Illinois is broke, how they going to pay for health care?
Illinois not interested in healthcare of Illinois residents.
Exactly! Illinois not interested in anything to help its residents!
http://www.cnn.com/2017/08/18/health/florida-sick-kids-insurance-eprise/index.html … Just what we want and need...IF you are GOP state legislators. Who the hell cares about our constituents?
Removing insurance from children, elderly, disabled and needy seems like the wrong goal. Please fix ACA instead.
Rand Paul is out and you keep sharing an article that says 26% of Americans want this. Returning power to some GOP states won't help
Just #FixACA
#GCHJ is no better than what you tried to do before. Fail.
Your Bill hurts Americans and is an unconscionable act of greed disguised as "choice". Shame on you.
So, soon all MI hospitals will be serving maggoty @Aramark meals with a glass of lead water? As if hospital food wasn't bad enough already!
Yeah states that don't help their own people with said block grants. We have seen this movie before.
And gives cancer & higher drug prices to its citizens!
Apparently it also will cost an estimated 32 MILLION their coverage.  Go back to committee and work with actual experts on healthcare.
#GrahamCassidy Takes healthcare away from the people who need it most and returns it to? #PreExistingConditions #LifetimeCaps #BadHealthcare
You bill is is no better than the last one.  How about a bipartisan process to fix ACA!
And then it takes that money away and says screw you to people.  Early betting on the score says you take insurance from at least 25 million
No!
You say 'what' but not 'why do it' (sorry 'power to the states' is vacuous), 'who is covered', 'how well covered', and 'how much it costs'.
Lies- it takes $$ away period

#GrahamCassidy is just another disastrous Republican bill to kill the sick and make the rich richer. #ProtectOurCare
.@LindseyGrahamSC

Your bill, #GCHJ, will uninsure millions and kill hundreds if not thousands.

Stop lying, please.
Congress' track record of maintaining overall funding for block grant programs is abysmal.
Maybe the donor states should stop paying Federal $ to Washington and put into our states instead because the GOP keeps taking
FU
Feed GOP voters crap for years and and they believe it. Admit Obamacare was GOP, put back what you took out to screw it & claim it. We're 
How about including a medicare buy-in option like the one @SenBrianSchatz proposed to help control out-of-pocket costs? #WorkTogether
I guarantee your "replacement" will cause 10's of millions to lose coverage. You will therefore be responsible for Americans dying. Lovely.
The majority of the American people have spoken fix the ACA you must have a  short term memory Congress works for the American people
When and where. Maybe for the Dreamers. FREELOADERS SEND THEM HOME. Take care of the USA people and Veterans First send FREELOADERS home
Repeal or be replaced #2018elections
Come on Lindsey.   STOP!  This is a BAD BAD BILL. For ONCE, listen to the the American people.  FIX ACA!!!!!
So California will be fine. Red states not so much.
WRONG. It restricts federal funds. It ends pre existing condition cover & adds lifetime caps. It ends cover for millions of elderly/disabled
Also takes away protections from ins.comp abuses & allows states to decide who deserves coverage,disaster in Rep run states for the poor
It won't get to the people or the program it was meant for. Don't give to states
Why do Republicans constantly go against the will of the people? Do you think you know what is good for us, better than we do? #65beats35
The Harvard Pole?  Wasn't that a big hit on the election night plane 08?  Harvard remembers and still celebrates it?  Poor waning souls!  :)
BS ur block grant will phase Medicaid  completely out by 2026 and if thats the case Graham the states should stop paying Federal money
The CBO score is telling us your not being honest with the public! Your plan will kick millions of us to the curb
So you and @BillCassidy opposed the last ACA repeal because it wasn't bad enough, and came up with one of your own. Got it.
But it gives less to the more populated states because you don't care if people die. Because you're an ass.
$$LOTS of it to be squirreled away into hidden states' pockets: What are you after S. Graham? NOT til you & cronies are more tran$parent.
.another bad idea @SenDeanHeller build on ACA #nosenate4uin18
So that each state legislature,gerrymandered to keep the majority down, can visit its tender mercies on its beleaguered citizens. No Lindsey
I don't want SC and idiot McMaster controlling any healthcare
Please. Do you think the state of Texas will responsibly distribute any money to its citizens? Because I can promise, they won't.
Oh yes Lindsey, just what we need; Scott Walker in charge of our health care money.  Please.
SC governor wants to cut Medicaid! SC people will die because of this! PROTECT your constituents!
Good idea.  Cancer affects people differently in South Carolina than Texas.  I get it.
Stop it Lindsey. Fix the ACA don't destroy it.
Let's just wait on this,    once we vote all you clowns out of office,  we can have democrats fix everything.  Tighten up that resume.
Is this is a good thing? There are as many corrupt politicians at the state level as Washington with their own agenda.
Oversimplify much?
Way to go Lindsey, proving once again that the GOP is the party of the rich, white americans. How many folks will lose care under ur plan???
Who have demonstrated a capacity for screwing up superior even to that of the Congress.
Let's take the money and power out of the Pentagon and return it to the states as well.  NY, California will take their share first, please.
So what. That means nothing other than killing people
Cassidy-Graham's Waiver Authority Would Gut Protections for People with Pre-Existing Conditions http://nzzl.us/XJ3QSB6  via @nuzzel
And the CBO score is what?
It's dead, Jim.
What state has the best male hookers?

