He is a poor choice
Really? Is he now aware of the energy department's existence? He is no nuclear physicist!
He fucked the state of Texas. He will fuck America.
Really????
what is Mr. Perry's specific plan Energy Independence?  Where are your historical subject data?
How so? Expound on Perry's qualifications please.
No, @GovernorPerry is a terrible choice to lead @ENERGY! And disgusted w/your support of the bigot Sessions for AG.
I would respectfully disagree. #RESISTANCE #NotMyPresidentElect #CheetoHitler #PutinsPresident
everything I've read/heard says he's not really a great choice, explain why he is, please?
I encourage both you and Gov Perry to continue the renewable energy effort. #renewablejobs
Why, because he knows how to flip a light switch?  The last head had a degree in physics.
Sorry, but he is doofus. Wish there was some sort of "puke" emoji on Twitter.
can he spell it?
ooops...
I hope you reminded him of the name of the department
To manage the nuclear arsenal?! The GOP has gone batshit crazy. At least he has smart glasses.
really senator Graham? Being friends doesn't make him quantified and you know it. SC votes no
The guy who graduated college with a C average to replace a nobel laureate? "Great choice"? Facepalm
even though he wanted to get rid of it. Yes good choice
Really, Senator? I thought you were smarter than that.
You have no friends tar head
he wanted to shut down the department. How does this make him a great choice?
can you say big Texas oil.  Throw in some coal.
while I truly respect you Mr Graham, Rick Perry is an idiot!
what is your position on climate change? Scientific community and rest of the world are in lockstep
.@LindseyGrahamSC No he's not. In terms of concrete scientific knowledge he is a flunky, and his position with ETP represents a conflict. NO
but does he have any experience in that field?  is there a "how to" book he needs to be reading now?
Lindsey Graham you are disgusting.  Your best tactic would be make yourself invisible. Sickening
No, he's a terrible choice. A climate change denier from way back.
even as Dem, I 1) like ur stance on investigation of Russia interference 2) hate Trump slamming you
Oh, Sen. Graham, just when I was starting to like you a little....
I sincerely hope you are just being nice or are joking.
#LindseyGraham2020
NO NO NO...this man gets very poor ratings re: Energy--just rembr his debate PLS--NO NO NO
@JohnCornyn As a Texan, concerned about his connection with TX Energy Transfers. #NoDAPL. Thank you.
TY #SenGraham -- you look to be turning into a #GoodGuy - I #pray this is the case!
No, he's a sucky choice for Energy or Dog Catcher.
stunning.
no he isnt
#HighEnergyPEOTUS just said you'll crack 1% one day. #SoAgree! #Bigly
Now if only you would retire!  RINO!!!
My Texas relatives wanted him to leave---long ago!  Get rid of Trump.  You guys have made a bed you will have to lie in!
he's as dumb as a rock
he is a very shitty choice to run the department of energy. I THOUGHT YOU CARED ABOUT CLIMATE CHANGE!
HUH? Perry wanted to ELIMINATE same committee he's going to chair! WTF?
the guy who wants to destroy it
can he spell "energy independence " ?
A great choice to lead the department he (almost) said he wanted to get rid of? Early drinking much?
Really?  Oh well,I appreciate your position on Russian hacking regardless.


I had such high hopes for you, Sen. Graham. Great choice? OMG. Perry ruined our state.
#GOPFoxesHenhouse  Perry is a disastrous pick.
He is dumber than dirt and easily lead.
The guys an idiot. No respect
yeah, Mr Graham, I WANT to like you and appreciate many of your stances, but geez.  Really?? Smh
Wonderful photo of two outstanding Americans with superb leadership skills. Thanks .
TRAITOR GRAHAM SUCKING UP TO DEFLECT HIS LECHEROUS NATURE AGAINST PATRIOTIC AMERICANS
Am I on Candid Camera?
Disagree with him on many things however if we move to more natural gas use over coal everyone wins
So we can take by this statement that Perry DOES REMEMBER which department it is, he is nominated to lead?
Sen Graham,  Gov. Perry is a know-nothing.  You can not be serious!??
Of all the Trump picks, this one's a good one. @ENERGY
wholly unqualified! Compare him to past leaders of E dept.
hesterriblepickhedidnothingforthrstateoftexasheiswhatscalled FAKE NEWS
Oh hell no!  He is the worst choice!
He thinks climate change is a hoax. This is not acceptable.
how is he going to eliminate the department?
Actually, he's not.
Lindsey, did you ever think about becoming a real conservative instead of a wishy washy idiot ?
and #Tillerson is great for State. Watching your vote at home in SC. #DTS #MAGA
be sure he knows he is not allowed to make money from it.
Uuuggggghhhh...Dept of Energy is about Nuclear Policy, don't you guys learn ANYTHING in intelligence briefings?
Lindsey, you do a few good bipartisan things to draw me in.THIS reminds me you are VERY much a repub
what are his qualifications? Aside to wanting to shut it down, I mean.
Is he though? Maybe he is a decent guy, but doesn't seem qualified.
Lindsey, I thought you were one of the good Republicans. He wanted to end the energy dept. What has changed?
SERIOUSLY?  He wanted to do away with it and now he's a great choice to lead it?  Just stop!

independence does not = oil. let's not forget.  wind, solar, water, even nuclear, not oil.
... or coal.
I wonder if Rick knows where he is in this photo.
Confused-- didn't he say he wanted to get rid of DoE?
the guy who forgot the name of the dept he wanted to end?
@ENERGYYou guys work out which national forest to destroy first? Or was it focused on which river to poison?
HOW DO U FIGURE THAT?
Hey Linds energy is good,WHERE are we at on those Terrorist though???Daddy SAID...People do KNOW!!
Errr, did he not want to get rid of said Agency??
Good Morning Sen. Graham
you mean dis-mantle?! "Oops"
You have to be joking?!?!
