except the term begins this week. Inauguration is Friday. Just sayin.
I dread it.  I keep wondering if our future President is being blackmailed by Russia. Losing my health insurance due 2 GOP
Betsy DeVos, President-elect Trump’s nominee for secretary of education I feel is a bad choice, what are your feelings?
you are crap!
so phony.
I wish I could share your optimism.  #Godhelpusall
Really? Trump is taking the weekend off, and the #GOPEE doesn't care about the ethics problems of the Cabinet nominees.
You mean team Russia?
Except DJT is starting his presidency by taking 3 days off....
In May, "I…cannot in good conscience support @realDonaldTrump," said @LindseyGrahamSC. Blame @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain
You know that guy in the photo is not president...right?
We're looking forward to either your retirement or losing your seat.
Amen.  Glad to see someone else sees this traitor for who he is
what happened
Please let cooler heads prevail, try negotiating b4 you start rock throwing you are not the POTUS & we do not need WW3 over political emails
“This is the most un-American thing from a politician since Joe McCarthy,” Graham told NYT regarding @realDonaldTrump
"It’s like being shot or poisoned,”@LindseyGrahamSC said in Jan discussing choice between @realDonaldTrump & @tedcruz
"My party has gone batshit crazy." @LindseyGrahamSC said about GOP's embrace of @realDonaldTrump in Feb.
"You know how you make America great again? Tell Donald Trump to go to hell" @LindseyGrahamSC  told CNN regarding @realDonaldTrump
President Pence? Y'all gotta impeach first. Cart before the horse, Senator, cart. before. horse.
And running directly over the American people (who aren't rich)
I thought you were opposed to the Trump Administration??
OMG!  Because you want us to be allied with the dictator Putin.  Did you have a lobotomy?
they should be hitting the ground running THIS week. Inauguration is THIS week.
. Look. There's a lgbtq person we can hate  and over there is a uterus we can control.
so does the Kremlin.
FINISH UP. SET THE RECORD STRAIGHT. RESOLVE THE CRISIS. FIX THE PROBLEM.
Please keep them running in the right direction. You are one of the true patriots, and one of the fewer sane ones. Thanks.
"hit the ground" definitely, doubtful if they will be able to get up and run though.
I look forward to you crying in your safe space, naked and wrapped in a be inclusive flag when your not invited.
do you mean digging a hole?
I don't ask for a hold on inauguration just for hold on actions by Pence & Trump until Court decides legitimacy of election
"He's a race-baiting, xenophobic, religious bigot" & "ISIL man of the year" 4 stirring hatred  @LindseyGrahamSC said of @realDonaldTrump
looking forward to it hitting the ground
Senator Graham stand for what's right!  Stand for the United States of America as you have always.  Graham 2020!

You mean the incoming illegitimate administration?
Hitting the ground running for Putin.
Sen. Graham, we are counting on you. Appreciate your support of gov't transparency and accountability.
white folks are tickle pink and we are heading for civil war
thought you were a NeverTrumper
I hear twitler has planned a vacation for that time. You guys are used to not working so go back to goofing off.
Are you going to demand that POETUS release tax returns and divest properly to meet requirements of the emoluments clause?
Don't forge the rocks you want to throw at Russia. Did you forget that?
I look forward to it hitting the ground trying to run away from the fiasco of defunding the ACA. You break it you own it!
So... definitely *not* standing up to the administration. Got it.
so we're going to IGNORE TREASON?? #DworkinReport AND HERE @Khanoisseur--SMOKING GUN FOUND.
Running from legal charges?
I look forward to them hitting the ground face first and throwing twelve tantrums
Go slow, after 8 years of sitting on the side you may get hurt. Lame ducks for 8 years now try to fly!
As opposed to the first hour/day if his administration. The idiot wants weekends off.
They take office on Friday, no? Why next week?
Advice from a black man, "Never look back something might be gaining on you."
ZERO sense of security
No Donald Trump in that pic.  Is that telling us something?
This is a classic Lindsey Zinger. He knows Trump is a train wreck that can't get it together.
So you're okay with Russian hookers, sexually assaulting women, and Putin?
Please don't tell me you're going to collaborate with the Russians, too.
Lindsey, Lindsey, no holding hands.Yer sposed to be the "loyal opposition" within the party,knock some sense into UR peers.
Americans anticipate it with absolute dread. He's dangerous. Protect our rights and security
you mean hitting the ground running on the 3rd day. Trump already wants to take a vacay
and then promptly tripping and falling flat on their faces because they have NO IDEA what they're doing??? #helpus
Great picture! Two guys being manipulated by the greatest con man in American history! Hope you can protect us all. Sad!
Net worth only ~$1m, @mike_pence poverty level only $150k! Neither know biz nor invent computers! Poor/Sad! #BillGates2020
I look forward to them hitting the ground
sigh, knew that honeymoon of mine with Lindsey was short lived
Please protect the millions with Pre-exisitng conditions and those who lose everything because of CAPS
very disappointing to hear.
in circles?
is that the Reps or Russians?
I would love people who's talk down Donald Trump because they're doing bullshit!
running to go play with his new best friend down the block, Putin?
.@LindseyGrahamSC
lol trump force one
oh, they will be running alright. Running out of the country when the other Russian shoe drops.
do you look forward to governing for all people in this country? Calling out wrongdoing even in your own party?
photo op for the Neo Con war monger!
#MinorityPresident #DonaldTramp
I'll agree with the hitting the ground part, Obi Wan Lindsey.
Glad somebody does.
I like the part about hitting the ground. The harder, the better.
Good to see you getting along with the next POTUS.  Congress will need a reliable partner after the impeachment.
Running in which direction? Please stay vigilant!
I admired you as a REP. Now you have become a politician. Be what you were, this isn't you.
@Emma_Dumain And falling FLAT ON ITS FACE.  #NEVERMyPresident
traitor
funny poor DJT needs few days off,U have 2 wait till he wants to hit the ground running,Sorry not the world you're used 2
mosey. You mean mosey.
No you don't lol
coulda fooled me.
yea running away from the majority
are you in a rush to get some bills in the process for some of your cronys
Traitors of a feather
u flip flop much???
yes because evidently this weekend is a party weekend. #TGIF
Didn't you hear, Donald is taking the weekend off. Be strong. Fight for what's right and just. The Trump train is on precarious tracks.
you mean hitting rock bottom
...and right into a brick wall of dysfunction, nativism, dishonesty, incompetence, and partisan stupidity.
Like when their chute refuses to open?
C'mon, Lindsey. You're fluent in 'writing on wall'...
I look forward to the Administration running away from the @womensmarch on Saturday. @womensmarchlon #womensmarch #resist
Can you give us your cell number?  The one that @realDonaldTrump gave out doesn't work anymore.
I look forward to watching hateful white men explain to God  policies that help the rich get richer & the poor get poorer
well, hitting the ground probably right.
-  including a select BI partisan committee on Russian hacking. We are counting on you. This can't "move on..."
don't you mean "falling to the ground"?
No, I think it was "running the country into the ground."
except it will be more like pile-driving it into the ground.
LMAO
be cautious, thank you
I don't trust Pence, one bit.
