disagree! The ultra rich, ultra privileged live in a bubble.   Anything she does will hurt women.
Sen Graham, doesn't this set a precedent not only in government but down hill corps., nonprofits, etc. Not good. Will he discipline her.
nepotism in its rawest form adding more foxes to the gen house. Get a clue Lindsay
What if Chelsea Clinton had tried this!
this is shameful & an offense to working women, mothers; qualified & compensated.
Lindsey... just when I think you are understanding danger of Trump regime, you fall back in line. #Nepotism
That is why you can never trust Lindsey, nor her boyfriend John! Both 2 faced!
She is completely unqualified and you know it, Senator.
@BrianELogan @POTUS @IvankaTrump  Disagree. Ivanka doesn't understand the meaning of a BLIND TRUST.  Dumb or untrustworthy?
or the entire family does but doesn't care. #GetThemOut
ABSOLUTELY!!  All 3
@FoxNews  @LindseyGrahamSC has a good word for @IvankaTrump
It must be hard for that Neo-nazi, Bannon, to have Jews advising Trump.
Nepotism. She is completely unqualified and is just as crooked as the rest of her family. #ImpeachTrump #Russiagate #Putinspuppet #corrupt
Graham will not survive next election. He becomes Trump's puppet too, as all Republicans
Takes a puppet to know a puppet, Roberto.
this is nauseatingly dumb. Think you've misread public perception on this completely. To be clear: IT LOOKS BAD.
my 7 yr old is a talented young woman - knows nothing about politics and little about government.
yes and I think she is the only one who can help dispense his meds
When all else fails, get his family to try to put him in check? Interesting theory, @LindseyGrahamSC
oh puhlease.  When did you sign your blood pact with the trumps? When you gave Donald your cell number?
Give me a buhreak!
Seriously? Can you imagine if Chelsea would have been put in that office. HRC got hell for her office and she was Bills wife! Ethics???
had the pleasure to sit by Ivanka and her mother on flight to NYC a very nice polite bright young lady
boo! You're the worst !!
Lindsey, you're a lawyer. Do ethics laws not apply?
I'm a lawyer. Those laws apply.
Thanks. Tell Linsdsey.
Im a lawyer too, those laws dont apply.
I used to respect you as a moderate Republican. When did you join #Cult45?
Why are you ok with this? #protectourdemocracy
She's unqualified & the last thing that Admin needs is one more unqualified advisor.
"qualified" people have destroyed the middle class in this country. Qualifications are completely subjective
It's called nepotism which there are laws against, but apparently laws don't count.
Sen. Graham let's start calling you a "Double Senator" - kissing ass on both sides of the issue.
proving again the GOP has lost their collective mind. #ethics #NEPOTISM #ProfitingFromThePresidency
what are her qualifications? Are there other women that are more qualified?
Should be a man, everyone knows women cant do the same work as a man. #getTriggered
Ivanka isn't going to manage her father.  She has already been silent on women's health issues.
other women just as talented without the nepotism
Your tweet is what people see when they look up "ass-kissing" in the dictionary.
Wait...  was it that you didn't have room for <sarcasm> </sarcasm> tags?  Is that it?
Oh look, someone who thinks they know markup languages.
really, when that whole family is up to the elbows in scandals?  Hillary looking good yet?
Nope she still not looking good. She lost get over it.
Seriously, Senator, do you feel safe at home?
Her being an "unpaid employee" is impossible by definition.
Americans did not ask for this. You continue to divide us daily.
63million did. This country has never been united, never will be. Just keep crying on social media, maybe the gove will read your tweet. Not
Oh come on @LindseyGrahamSC How many qualified women work hard 2 get that job & @IvankaTrump walks into it w/ no experience? @POTUS
How would U feel if your 2 nieces were jumped over at a job by boss's kid? And you pay boss's salary!
Happens every day, get over it. Its not what you know its who you know. #realworldisntfair
Can't believe you said that!
Crooked Lindsay sucking up to #Czar Trump again pucker up Graham your going out with the #trumptrash when his #crimes are exposed! #kissAss
I disagree. Daddy can't seem to function without his baby girl by his side. What's up with that?  Strange.
Apparently, someone needs to explain to you what nepotism is?  Sad
You disappoint me on this one. This is clearly nepotism. Nepotism bad.
Really Mr. Graham? Brownie points?
We should start calling Trumps kids Uday and Qusay.   But hey, what is one more unqualified person in WH?
She's really doing a terrific job advocating for women. J/K. She sucks.
Secret code for "She will monitor her KREYassFakepres father's behavior, explain big words to him, make sure he takes his meds, etc, etc."
@EllenMorris1222 @POTUS @IvankaTrump I see what you did there. She can rope in the unhinged leader. It's still unethical.
The only think Ivanka Trump is looking for is making a buck like daddy
You are smarter than this. She had no.public policy experience. Cannot relate to average American. We need people of experience.
nepotism: the practice among those with power or influence of favouring relatives or friends, especially by giving them jobs.
With all due respect Senator Graham, how has her counsel helped him and his administration so far?!!
once again, it's one step forward, 5 steps back with Lindsay
, THIS is why no one takes you seriously. Pretend to check POTUS when he does shady stuff then kiss ass.
, are you serious? So, when can I start work in the WH? God, I can't wait to see someone take your seat.
And please let us all know the ulterior motives.
you have lost your effing mind!
Wow.Sometimes I think you're indispensable, an R that will
get to the bottom of Russia,and then you say crap like this.
@FranTownsend @IvankaTrump Senator Based on what ?? She has no qualifications to be in that job. Lucky gene pool #resist
Maybe she can advise him on the Reality Tv show.
really Senator? This is the banana republic with family appointees you now are OK with?
I like my WH to remind me of Versailles.
Sorry, the move is a nepotistic, deplorable move. Sally Yates was a talented woman and Trump cringed.
Senator, you surely know better than this. An advisor with no qualifications equals nepotism.
Nothing is free when it comes to the Trump family, Senator Graham.
so good of you to screw over women who spent their lives in service. Way to continue to assault us!
"good counsel" on what is she qualified?  Let's see, shoes, jewelry....... government hmm?
wow actually thought you may be a states man. Lost all faith. Tyrants and destruction of  is yours alone.
great counsel for the Romanov WH Dynasty.
Yes, Dixiecrat shithead, the Drumpf point person on the Mammaov/Azerbaijan money-launder to Iran...
nepotism much?
what would you be babbling then, you FRAUD! Tell Burr TAXES & BANKING is how you trace money launder!
Which Romanov is she?   NEPOTISM? If it were only Chelsea Clinton, let alone all the other assholes...
NOT qualified. Why does 70 yr old "Pres" need his spoiled, never had a real job daughter "advising" him
You're full of shite. She is unqualified & has multiple conflicts of interest. Kleptocracy.
why unpaid daughter and not 50% female cabinet members?
if you support women how about letting them control their own bodies
why do you support nepotism with unqualified people?
killing us smalls. Killing us.
Expect better from you senator. We are to believe now that Trump family not taking salary is all about altruism?
Wow, Lindsey, your face is actually turning orange now. Thought better of you. Not now.
Oh, but if that had happened in the Obama administration, y'all would've lost your minds.
Oh c'mon. You are not stupid enough to believe this is a good thing. It's disgusting nepotism.
I see the dynasty setting in welcome COMRADE
sir, I thought we were in a federal hiring freeze.  Will @realDonaldTrump be approving her waiver?
EXCELLENT DECISIONS,,,ALL THE TIME,,all the time!!!
that sir is BS
You are kidding yourself.  More inexperience is not what we need. The government is not a business and cannot be run as one
Or, his daughter, taking the place of an outside ear with better skill set & loads of experience.
are you fucking serious right now?!!? If this was H you would be crowing about it for years!
tell us how does one get an office + a clearance, when they cannot be hired.
if she is unpaid she is not beholden to tax payers (her bosses) and therefore should not have security clearance.
totally disagree. Lots of talented people in America with WAY better experience to advise a Prez
also nepotism
Are you joking? This is blatant nepotism.
Agree. She is nowboundby ethics laws and conflicrs of interest. Now hire #Mr Kushner same reasons
Sucking up does not look good on you.
If Ivanka's "good counsel" hasn't kept the orangutan in line for nearly two years, what makes you think it will now?
Sellout emoji?
nothing unethical about nepotism? The USA is an international joke, on your watch.  #countryoverparty
No way!! She doesn't belong there!!!  Go home!
. It is interesting that you support a Babysitter for Donald. Her inexperience along w/Donald's is scary
Seriously, Senator?! This is blatant #nepotism! And she also hasn't #divested, so it is NOT unpaid!
Bullshit.  If Chelsea and her husband got the jobs Ivanka and Jared have Repubs would lose their minds. Be honest
Lindsey usually think you're a  smart man then u say something like this blow it all to hell and back?
Most Americans do not agree.
White House is becoming a family business! No conflict of interest at all!

There are no other talents in America!!! Bad!
Is she a psychologist because that's what @realDonaldTrump needs
I'm sure you would have thought the same about @ChelseaClinton?!  Sad!
She is corrupt like good old Dad. Are you crazy?
Graham - I though you had some backbone. Do the Russians have something on you too?
C'mon, Graham. You know better than to shill for this unqualified traitorous hairpiece.
you mean she helps keep daddy's crazy dialed down to 8? how does she do that...?
Senator Graham--She's now an official employee whose purpose is to try and keep her demented father from losing his shit.
Lol!!! Nepotism! I guess, maybe, she can keep trump from going off the deep edge. Ridiculous!!
.@LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS @IvankaTrump C'mon, don't be so naive.
seriously?
it's official. GRAHAM, has lost his damn mind. Vote him out he doesn't deserve to represent the people
Get out of the US Senate Mr. Graham - you are not American anymore - you've gone to the dark side-go
WTF is wrong with you Lindsey?  You lost yr freaking mind
Just when I was beginning to like u, u say something stupid like this!
Guess you will be getting a bit role in the Apprentice style monarchy that is now the US? While Trumps enrich their coffers
nice 
your lack of integrity is a disappointment. I expect it from the Trumps, but I hoped for more from you.
find Trump a new babysitter not related.  No one daughter/wife.  We r not BANANA REPUBLIC.  Has to STOP
do you have a 2" pump in a size 9?
NO!  Don't care!  This is #nepotism
Really?There are many talented young women who could provide objective counsel related to real people.
WOW wtf! Nepotism and conflucts of interest. This country is turning into a dictatorship. SAD.
so there are no other women qualified for this position? I wish my dad fed me with a silver spoon
how surreally absurd of you to make such a ridiculous comment
Yes! Let's have more nepotism! Because that has turned out so awesomely in other parts of the world
No! Nepotism is rampant in this administration. This is wrong and must be stopped! #IllegitimatePOTUS
I know plenty of talented people. Would they be qualified too?
unless this is acknowledgement of mental incapacity and she is now his power of attorney.
Please. Kleptocracy in the US is what this is. Makes me sick. @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS @IvankaTrump
How is this not nepotism?
Ivanka isn't getting paid AND as a matter of fact, President Trump isn't receiving a salary either.
Nepotism just means a job - salary or not. Also, DJT absolutely receiving salary. Checkable fact. Claims will donate. We'll see.
I can't believe you're drinking the Kool-aid. Please respond to anyone with your reasoning.
Seriously, dude? As if there aren't already enough glaring conflicts issues... Show us his taxes.
As a D who will always listen to your point of view, what's up?
. #HowManyTraitors  What's your number,, Lindsey Graham?
translation: She can maybe calm down the President and prevent some crazy stuff.. except Fri night/Sat.
.POTUS .IvankaTrump 
That's insane. It's too bad you're saying this.. You sounded semi-sane for a few months.

They are not the Romanovs, they are not a royal family.  We live in a democracy. Shocked!
Sen. Graham it might be better just to not commit on anything Trump does. That "Good decision" comment may haunt you
A close relative advisor to POTUS, that you and congress can't provide even the slightest bit of oversight. Is this wise?
Well, well, well, somebody has hopped on the Trump bandwagon, eh Lindsey?
Lindsey, what's going on. You, the man who didn't vote for this President. She is unqualified!
Bullshit.
because God know he needs all the help he can get.  Incompetent. Unqualified. Liar.
yikes! Your partisanship is showing.
You won't be around long enough, the whole crooked lot of you! Lindsey you're done!
Are you kidding? Access to classified information, no experience, conflicts of interest-just to name a few
oh dear, what does he have on you?
"Unpaid"? Can u calculate the imputed value of exerting influence on foreign leaders of state for Ivanka's personal gain?
Tyrants hire their family members in positions of power.

The White House even more strongly resembles a dynastic royal court as Ivanka joins Jared as a formal WH official https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/29/us/politics/ivanka-trump-federal-employee-white-house.html?_r=0 …
are you  serious???
SHOCKED that you approve of this. I approve. It's a non story.
#nepotism
would you have said the same if it were @ChelseaClinton appointed by @HillaryClinton? Seriously curious
gimme a break! Quit kissing ass! Huge mistake!
unless it's to rein him in!!
Did 45 tell you to to say that?  You will be voted out of office next term, Lindsey.
Wow! Yup. Bought. When does Ben Carsons kid scheduling your brain surgery. He probably knows a lot.
What's a little nepotism between fiends
Are we living in China?  Talk about corruption, damaging the environment, no credibility, & nepotism.
is unconcerned? http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2017/03/13/donald-trumps-worst-deal?mbid=social_twitter …
You tweeted support for Sessions right before it was discovered he may have committed purgery. Now you support nepotism?
You will not be re-elected. Stop sucking up to this dumpster fire of an administration. #ImpeachTrump
what could possibly go wrong with this setup
For about 3 months until he's impeached. You know he's a Russian  shill. But the Senate did well today.
this is wrong on so many levels
And breaking yet another campaign promise by doing so.
what's the matter with Sen. Graham. He agrees with everything Trump does
Are you nuts? Good grief man, did you drink the coolaide too?
. So then Senator if this is so good why were Saddams's sons so bad for Iraq? Exactly the same thing.
Why do ppl have an issue with her being UNPAID advisor and advocate for woman's issues?
talented, educated and skilled in WHAT in policy and geo-politics??????
what?! It's blatant nepotism. She has zero qualifications for this job.
You're joking? Right? The only person less qualified is @BetsyDeVosED, who bought her position. Jokes!
you seriously believe that?
this is just crazy. Conflicts of interest, nepotism, unqualified not to mentions no integrity.
Jesus.  U got 2 be kidding.  0 experience, 100% bias.  Nepotism is forbidden by most for good reason.
But she looks good, right Senator? You like the bleached blonde hair and spike heels?
As if he listened to her. I think she is just eye candy for all his political adventures. SAD!
are you fucking serious? She is a fucking fashion designer and socialite. Who is next? @ParisHilton?
tell the truth. You hope she will rein him in.
Yeah, Lindsey, you go for that nepotism, don't you. Got your head up his ass much?
