VP peddles malarky to hide tax benefits for his contributors by repeal:
Is it ironic that you're accusing trump and pence of doing what Obama and Clinton both did
Solipsistic, too.  You can accuse all three.  Done.  The difference is that only one is President.
There has been a lot of corrupt presidents but Clinton and Obama take the cake  by far have stolen more from America than any other pres
Absolutely!  I heard Clinton sold Arkansas to Russia.  And Obama, of course, made tons from cornering the supply of novacaine.  Disgusting!
Typical snowflake no idea what the real world is about and what's really going on in the govt take your butt back to Japan where you belong
You'd never guess Trump won based on whining by those he duped. Actually, as a conservative Republican, i benefit.  Just don't buy the lies.
@realDonaldTrump @VP As small biz, ours went up $9108 this yr  w/ $12,700 deductible & horrific coverage. And ins. denies every claim! Help!
And - let me guess - ur sh!tty republican reps rejected Medicaid exp. Rs have been resp 4 the suffering of millions.
Did you seriously just use a salon article to back yourself up?
Do you seriously have something valuable to say?
I'm an RN. I saw the hell my patients went through under O-"care" & witnessed the horrors of socialized medicine living in E. Europe.
Again, what state? Rs HAVE done everything to make ACA fail. Outside their efforts, it's much better than before. E Europe not great comp.
Let's try something new.... regulate the drug companies and the massive profits they are earning from the outrageous prices they charge.
Then the cost of malpractice insurance. Watch the cost drop across the board.
Get fitted @VP.
Soon...very soon!
Ooh, fetching!
...and comes in many shapes & sizes but only in PUKE ORANGE.
The republican had 8 years to cry about Obamacare now you have these few that voted against it.they are a disgrace to the country.
Dont let any facts get in the way Pence
Liar liar pants on fire! Leave my ACA ALONE YOU FRAUD! I read the bill and your little clan is about to screw us WORKING AMERICANS OVER LIAR
How about open state borders for insurance companies.  That would do more to bring down prices than  bullshit bills
You're going to be impeached TOO! You lied to America about your knowledge of Flynn. YOU KNEW. YOU were in charge of the transition.
American people r struggling under your inability to compromise with the other half or our country. You work for all of us, not half of us!
Here is some real truth about the new crappy healthcare bill:
#PenceResign
Pence fits perfectly with the Trumps the liars stick like glue. Criminals, same mind set?  He's hoping when Trumps Impeached he get the job? He says potus this and that, to control lying? He hasn't figured out he's going with Trump?
No we stuggling under the weight of the dangerous incompetence of you and Trump.
When people start to die because of these RINO'S not backing POTUS or doing whats best for us, who do you think they are gonna go after?
Your bill is 100 times worse, you gut ins for millions of Americans.  I don't know how you sleep at night.   The ACA gave millions ins.
@POTUS Tell the truth! ACA saved my life. You are responsible for any collapse. Try going on real news. Disgusted Danforth Republican here.
And it's not president trump fault,these idiots voted against it wait for them to get voted out.
LOLOL better to have insurance than none
Not!  Ask Massachusetts.  #Commonweathcares
Bull s**t
Only people that are struggling are under the weight of THE ACA ARE THE RICH! They wanna hold on tight to there pearls and purse ! Greed!!
@LindseyGrahamSC @foxandfriends YES, AND UNDER THE WEIGHT OF ILLEGALS AND DACA. WE WANT ALL DEPORTED SO CITIZENS HAVE THE JOBS & BENIFIT
And a lot of the people struggling under Obama care will die if you have your way.
Such a lie. We are struggling under the weight of your administration.
So f-ing amend it, don't abolish it!
Your not travelling to Las Vegas nv 300 w bonanza rd 89106 under the freeway also check out the streets of owns and floormaster
obamacare works! Its saving lives! It will not work with preexisting! Shame on you all!
Because this administration sat in there ass & did nothing to fix the issues but sabotaged it even today.
Just to satisfy a campaign promise
#ACA, not Obamacare, call it like it is VP Pence
It's all lies.  Stop trying to steal our healthcare and give tax deductions to the rich. #SaveACA #ImpeachTrumpPence
All main stream news is fake news. Fox is just not as fake as the rest like CNN
How about you trying to make the struggle even more difficult with Trump Care.Didnt need to talk to anyone, it's common sense!
What do you think millions of people are suffering High deductibles High premiums n the left don't care murdowski collins mccainVOTEthem out
I have health insurance because of Obamacare!!! Don't take it away!!!!
Then why are you guys bribing reps by telling them their states get to keep Obamacare if they vote yes on this shitty, heartless bill?
Thank you!
Oh yea, they will be much better with no health insurance. How do u sleep at night?
Why don't you, Mr. Planned Parenthood -- who don't you VP talk to real journalists that will throw you something besides softballs?
Planned Parenthood services men, women and children. My x husband had his vasectomy performed at PP. His employer plan Ins Co paid a share.
You do know that you will have to answer to Christ for using His name to oppress the poor, right?

Lying Pence!!!  @VP
You are an example of why states should not be in charge of health care. Ask the CDC.

Yet you aren’t willing to rectify the problem
Another obama legacy Higher than ever insurance premiums or hard or impossible to find. I still think his finest hour was the obama phone
This man is  just as bad as gump. Lying through his teeth?
Make a better plan
Why don't these people show up on other news outlets for interviews?
And what's your solution, other than "we have a plan".
Foxandfreinds?  Might as well talk to the national enquirer

They are struggling over the weight of the Reps relentless attacks on the ACA, which has never had merit
We are struggling under the weight of your appalling leadership and politics. You are incompetent to run this great country.
You mean you lied to fox and friends.
You are a joke. #SilverTonguedDevil
Dr Death @BillCassidy lies: Sen. Cassidy’s rebuttal to Jimmy Kimmel: ‘More people will have coverage’
Hmm... So people benefitted from it, and others suffered under it is his acknowledgment?
Lie; lie; lie. Most people  Obamacare! You want to replace it w the crappy bill that @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC wrote? #HellNo
Prison Pence: Mueller has tapes. Why do you go on TV and lie to those who are too stupid to discern the lie?
Clearly you need to talk to your constituents about accepting the current health care available instead of demonizing it
I'm guessing this is a problem more with the county not wanting to acknowledge Obama care then it is with Obama care.
Fake news. Fake vice prez. Fake prez.
Then FIX it.  Stop sabotaging it!  Repealing it is not the answer!
 @amjoyshow @MADDOW @JoeNBC @Lawrence
Don’t you and @POTUS have better things to do, since He has been tweeting like crazy. This madness has to stop. #ImpeachTrump
You aim is to harm Americans not help them
I love my Vice President
Mike Pence is a fucking liar. /they sabataged the law by not funding now they’re saying it doesn’t’t work
We are struggling more with morons in office
How about addressing the disabled and those with pre existing conditions
I can't tell if Veep is delusional or just stupid
How do you sleep at night? God hates hypocrites and liars.. Bingo on both categories for you...
How about how much more they will struggle under GrahamCassidy? Get a grip, man. GOP could be true heroes by addressing MEDICAL COSTS.
But they have insurance! When you are done they will have nothing! #LIARS
And your @GOP fixes that problem by...telling people to pray for good health?
How much Koch money do you get for jeopardizing our lives, Mikey?
LIAR!
Repeal only. One email & 6 calls this month &total of 12 months trying to get my referral. Uh, hello? Didn't have this b4 ACA! #Repeal
https://twitter.com/SLandinSoCal/status/911095285627052033 …
You mean how your party is ignoring the people who depend on the coverage. You mean how you're trying to distract your base.
Yes, @mike_pence, while Americans struggle, you & @POTUS allow @SecPriceMD & others to spend taxpayer $ on private jets.
While Americans struggle, the @GOP allows @realDonaldTrump to go on golfing trips for $3MM a pop.
Shut up and stop lying

Time to eliminate health care exemption for these obstructionist congressmen who vote against this new health care bill next week.get tough!
So lets keep meds and care high rather than affordable so people can live. A fetus has more rights. Are born humans not part of pro life?
Since 2010, 82 rural hospitals closed in states w/ no Medicaid expansion. Repeal could close up to 700 in next 10yrs
Get rid of obamacare.  Go Trumpence
We're struggling more under the weight if our  fake President! #DotardTrump
Do you ever acknowledge privately, maybe to "mother" that you're a lying hypocrite and 100% don't care about Americans or people at all?
The workers that have group plans are hit the worst of all! 500% increase in premiums+deductibles in last 4 years! Get rid of it!
That's what oba wanted as long as his minority groups get theirs on the cheap or free&the welloff&the rich pay for it
Lied to them about the ACA, and ignored what experts say will result from GOP fascism. That's why you use Fox, they won't call your lies out

Let it implode for crying out loud
@LindseyGrahamSC @foxandfriends no American struggling will end w/ #GrahamCassidy- it will worsen as lifetime caps imposed on sickest
Im sure you've heard how people will be crushed under this new plan. Listen to them!!!

You are a liar and should be utterly ashamed. And so should Mother.

Fix it don't give us something worse
Lies, and rhe lying liars that tell them...#falsechristian
BULLSHIT.  NO Pre-existing conditions, kids until 26, no lifetime MAXimums. That is suffering?
@Italians4Trump @foxandfriends Pence is the best
Thanks @VP for pointing this out. Mention also that politicians, unions, and cronies exempt from Obamacare.
You should be horrified and ashamed of yourselves for putting our lives in jeopardy to salvage your egos.   Damn you all.
GrahamCassidy is an Abomination being shoved Down the Throat of Americans. The Rush to Vote is How Republicans Compensate for Lack of a Plan
Good!!! And lets replace it with a Healthcare Bill that is a totally worthless and will do more harm then good for the American people.Nice!
What we are really struggling under is the weight of this horrid administration. #resign
VP Pence- I am not struggling because of a gov't program- I am bc of THREATS of nuclear war b/n two  unleashed yahoos on the world stage.
American people are struggling under the weight of this presidents craziness and your lies
Pence is disingenuous, lying, disgusting & corrupt. The whole GOP is extreme & they lie all the time.
If you learned the English language you could speak without profanity to make a point.  I guess your pic tells it all!
Keep 90% of O'Care taxes & regulation in place & reshuffle dollars among states is NOT a repeal. NO GOP ran on this.
#GrahamCassidy is fake.
Liar, hypocrite.
So fix it instead of torpedoing it and replacing it with garbage aimed at returning $$$ to your financiers and handlers. Shameful & immoral.
You are a false prophet


Pence if only U cud hear how ridiculous you sound you say people are struggling under Obamacare so you going to stop that by killing them!!
Christ served the poor & the ill, not Steve Winn & Sheldon Adelson. Which ru serving?
All due respect, you're a liar. A tax cut for the rich that will claim thousands of American lives. Disgusting.
Don't believe anything you hear unless it's followed up in writing. Especially from the politicians in the WH.
Just wait until women have to pay more to have insurance and NICU babies reach lifetime caps! This is not PRO LIFE! #hypocrite
Yes, we have been for quite some time! Please get health care reform.
Let's talk about how people are struggling under this presidency, and 32 million people are losing their insurance.
Of course you would because you want to deflect how this 3rd cruel, offensive, ACA Bill would throw US constituents under the bus !
Repeal Obama Care

#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  
Bs pence

Call you Senators at 202-224-3121 and tell them to vote NO for the decieving medical plan. Do the job correctly and follow John McCain.
How about you Trumpster spicy the mooch HillbillyLiar Ham Sandwich Porn model and the rest of the Cult stop lying to the American people.
This is a boldface lie....when will you trump drunk propagandists wake up!
Fox fake news .
Disgusting
You are a liar with your fake concerns and you misquoted Jefferson on Faux and Friends but that's typical for the show.
What bullshit. How this so called christian fuckwit looks himself in the mirror & is okay with what he has done & is saying is beyond me.

Why don't you try #GrahamCassidy bill for just 2 years as a pilot on all members of congress first?
Doctors will not allow appointments if we carry obummercare! Meanwhile our premiums and copoays skyrocket!
So how does our VP explain cutting funding for ACA? Complicit and negligent
This is a lie. Obamacare saving lives. You just hate that an African American president did it.
You dodged the Pre Existibg coverage issue because you can't address it directly. You'd have to tell the truth!
A COWARD
It has NOTHING to do with American's Struggling. It has EVERYTHING to do with satisfying your RICH Benefactors. LYING CHRISTIAN TERRORIST
All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare
Caught your Thomas Jefferson reference. However, having trouble finding that quote you threw out . How about some specifics? Or is it fake?
Lies, lies, lies, lies. I know both parties do it, but this snake oil B.S. from old, rich white guys is so sickening & transparent.
Respectfully, you look like someone who likes to get peed on

Repeated lies won't make them any more believable. As a self-professed Christian, you're an embarrassment.  #GrahamCassidyBill #KillTheBill
#hypocrite #FakeChristian #EyeOfANeedle
Repeal. Period.
The new ones that Dems are proposing sounds to expensive for seniors 16,000 a year a woman living solely on social security doesn't get a yr
Mr @VP you and President @realDonaldTrump are doing an amazing job just one complaint is crooked @HillaryClinton ever going to face Justice?
There's only one way to truly fix #Obamacare, and that's a #FULLrepeal

Today, US announced more than $697 million in additional humanitarian assistance for the #Syria crisis. https://go.usa.gov/xRJk5  #UNGA
How do you feel about what will be your mounting legal fees while the RNC & re election funds being used to pay Trump family legal fees?
What health organization supports #CassidyGraham ? A list of 32 national heal orgs r agst ur bill. Underwriting policies & Lifetime Caps 
Struggling that you have to bribe an Alaskan senator?! #SoManyLies

