Please stop towing the line. Our troops are being put in danger.
Uh, wow. Reuters has US officials talking about that botched raid in Yemen http://mobile.reuters.com/article/idUSKBN15G5RX … 
Veterans always fare worse under Republican administrations. Do your research!
Husband is a Navy Vet.  VA funding always cut significantly under Republican administrations. Research before posting!
VETERANS HEALTH AND BENEFITS AND MILITARY RETIREMENT PAY RESTORATION ACT (2014) proposed by Sanders, squashed by @MitchMcConell
ARE YOU A #PIZZAGATE PEDO LINDSEY???
u must b a tracher
Another thief in the henhouse. Just not as good a one as sub-prime Maddof Munchkin & the Gold Sacklesses
.@LindseyGrahamSC 

I look forward to someone from your party showing some integrity and addressing @realDonaldTrump's ties to Russia.
I look forward to Trump being impeached
Advisors to Reagan and Bush HW and W are appalled by Trump/concerned about stability.  Please do something!
You have betrayed children and teachers in public schools! Shame on you! She is unqualified!
if you don't have spine enough to vote against Sessions and DeVos, you will have no legacy Sen. Graham.
What a large liberal following?  Why?
Sir, can't we find candidates with values and ethics?  Vote no on Mr. Mulvaney's appt
NO 2 incompetent DeVos! Neurocore is NOT a cure for ADHD!Scam costing parents $2K!Save our public schools!
You have got to know Devos is not qualified. Don't condemn our public schools. Jobs need skilled workers.
I look forward to the impeachment of your pres trump
I respect you. Not a Repub but I dont call myself a Dem.  Youre keeping Trump honest. Keep it up. And listen to alt views.
I look forward to your staff answering the phones again. Why are you ignoring your constituents? This SC voter is watching!
maybe you should have stood up 4 Americans- not just ur party line- with Devos. They only needed one.
Senator Graham, you are correct.  @RepMickMulvaney will do a good job there.
Have you directly or indirectly taken $$$ from Soros?  Explains a lot
I look forward to you losing your next run for office Lindsey.
Vote no on Betsy DeVos
@SenJohnMcCain why are you supporting Betsy DeVos?
I dont want an extreme liberal to be our newest Justice, but I dont want an extreme right person. Extremists are dangerous.
Please be vigilant - Kushner soon unavailable due to Shabbat.  We need guardian of democracy tonight.
Please vote no to DeVos. We need a champion of public ed, not a profiteer. Why are no male Senators showing strength?
Please vote no to DeVos. Why are no male Republican Senators showing strength?
Are you pleased that Trump is lifting sanctions on Russia? What does that tell you?
thanks for the backbone you showed re Devos? Y'all don't even try to LOOK sane, honest or dignified now!
why would u let him destroy us- parties shouldn't be enemies- just reps for 2 sides of same coin- why?
Goodie.
sure hope ur not working 4 Soros if u r u hate  watch this
how many of us died in Iraq and Afghanistan so you can pull this radio commercial crap?
there was a time, Lindsey, that I thought u were the human face of ur party. I was deceived
https://storify.com/public/templates/slideshow/index.html?src=//storify.com/rachelsc/scsaysnodevos#1 …
How many people will die before crazy man is ousted? He is clueless. Please put country above party.
Still not tired of kissing Trump's ass yet? An occasional canary like peep - doesn't count.
I do not support Betsy DeVos-- you're registered to vote constituent
No on DeVos
Still no tweet about the Quebec mosque shooting!Deplorable!Sad!So sad!Where is Russian call transcript?!
No trust for Trump and his sleazy team. You must reign him in and end the madness! He's killing diplomacy!
Fix the kinks in ACA, don't screw those who need it, don't further hurt Medicare and Medicaid helped by ACA!
Am too young for Medicare & have been lucky to have a great BC health plan thru SC marketplace!Don't hurt us who need this!
I look forward to the impeachment of this buffoon and Congress looking out for us and NOT him!
Mulvaney seems like a thinker. Any chance you break ranks on DeVos??
We are looking forward to an independent commission being formed to investigate Trump's ties to Russia. Thank you!
Our national security should come before allegiance to Trump. Why isn't there an independent commission established?
How's that Trump- Russia connection, let's lift sanctions on FSB, why don't we just ignore the Ukraine thing working out?
Is keeping Trump in power worth the price of your soul?
. Please vote NO on Devos. She has no expertise in Education,and our kIds deserve so much better.
I hope you are watching out for us #democracyisintrouble
The Greenville County school board is right. Nix DeVos.
Why are you not screaming about Russian stepped up aggression in Ukraine and Trump silence?why?
Are you continuing to investigate Russian or hv u let it go by? R U going 2 let sanctions release? YOU R OUR HOPE !
Sen Graham,
PLEASE tone down the pro Ukrainian crap - you loose credibility!!!
I look forward to anyone in the senate upholding the constitution and democracy. Impeach or remove via 25th amend
Doesn't he like to shut down the govt?
help the administration, work together, work within the team not through the media. Don't be outsider..
Thank u for investigation into Trump corruption. We know Putin paid him to release sanctions.Democracy 1st
and while you're circumventing and playing games, Russia has WON!!!!
when does the investigation into what went wrong in Yemen begin? I hope you give it Benghazi attention
didn't Russia's FSB tamper with our elections? Aren't they basically the replacement of the KGB?
how do feel about the news that companies will have an easier time doing business with Russia's FSB
I look forward to your response about the news that we're easing sanctions with Russia.
@education secretary nominee Sen Graham please stand with us and vote no# nonpartisan for children's education
atta boy Lindsey Steamroll over these dumocrats.
Need a LAW to make all presidents release taxes so we can understand Trumps economic policies better
No to Pruitt, Sessions, DeVoss, Minuchin, Price.
I'm glad to see President Trump's picks moving forward so they can begin working.
Thank ou for yoilur leadership. Please do not vote to confirm ms. DeVos. She is grossly unqualifed.
In complete agreement... I heard social media doesn't get seen but if you call it may count more! No to DeVos!
You should be outraged that Trump treasury just lifted sanctions on Russia.
Why don't you stop going on CNN and trashing the President. He isn't a lazy politician. He actually works!
Please vote against Betsy De Vos. Unqualified & anti public schools
I SO agree! Don't think he'll see this comment but encourage you to call & ask directly. We all should!
I look forward to you growing a brain
START THE INVESTIGATION ON RUSSIAN HACKING.  NOW.
Pls be the voice of reason and do something about this Russia situation. Also, please try to make up with Australia thx
help U.S. Senator Graham HELP US
fsb sanctions? What's your stance, sir?
.@LindseyGrahamSC Stop voting to confirm anyone this man has nominated. Trump is a traitor. Anyone he's nominated is suspect.
senator graham please help us with this potus this man has no boundaries r children r depending on u
remember those Russian sanctions. They are being lifted. Still want to support his nominees
Fine. But reject DeVos.
that's great senator but please stick with GOP in this revolution. Trump shaking trees the only way.Change
I look forward to you doing the good & decent thing by voting against DeVos. Education is too important to this country.
Great respect for reserving course on encryption last year. Have you come to your senses on DeVos yet?
you rep me - vote no on this! And #noDevos  #NoSessions  and investigate Trump's Russian ties! Save the GOP and stand up!
he did not pay taxes on his nanny?  You've hired incompetence.
and gutting the social safety net. Pass.
I look forward to wolves taking over the earth but you don't see me bragging about it.
congress has turned its back on the American people and what's going on. We are helpless.
He appeared to share your views on reigning in the national debt and entitlement reform#AOK.
Senator Graham please vote against DeVos and Sessions.  Please.
He won't read this but you can call & leave a msg at one of his offices!
term limits please
finally a Repub with some balls! #resist
I look forward to you growing a spine before Trump whores our country out more to Russia
you mean through your dishonesty and rule bending?
wow. Apparently citizens paying taxes is TRULY a personal decision. Good to know.
Looking forward to day when u and ur craven, hollow ilk are driven from gov't. Can't come soon enough.
how bout you look into what happened in Yemen over the weekend. Or look into the Treasury Dept memo re FSB
is this true, no recording of call with Putin? What are they hiding?
when is last time they killed anyone, trust VERIFY, iran fukd us , eu fukd us AUSTRALIA 2
I look forward to your colleagues following committee rules and not forcing unqual. noms thru
You seem to have forgotten (2) You're choosing Trump over your country.
Better than any of the dems
DO SOMETHING ABOUT RUSSIA! THE BASTARD LIFTED SANCTIONS.
when is thast time the attacked us, eu fukd us, AUSTRALIA 2, only 3 NUCLEAR powers, notiran
English would be nice. And Australia has fought every single war with us since World War II
so you'll excuse me if I want to help our allies and CRUSH our enemies.
Russia fucked with our elections.  We can't reward them for that. If you wanna scare monger
Go try it somewhere else.  We have mutually assured destruction Russia has nothing we want
China on the other hand is very very strong compared to Russia and is about to attack us cuz Trump pissed them off
So no, IDGAF about Russia's nukes.  I care about my freedom and my republic.
Why are you not pursuing Trump/Putin alliance?
go back to mommies BASEMENT, no HATEFUL RHETORIC, free Thought no judgment
More like Dick Soveiny. Just horsing around.
