Yes there is you buy what you can afford. Ins is a commodity like any product you only get what you can afford in any commodity.
Except that it's a commodity that every single person needs. We either pay for it up front or revert to more expensive ER based "coverage".
I never had it all my life who cared about me no one.   so why are others  more special now?
Yeah, it sucks that it took USA this long to get to this level when most other countries had healthcare in 1950s. Why go back to those days?
The 50's when all was happy doctors were cheap maybe  5 dollars and came to the house.  They loved us then brought meds with them too.
I don't want my health care to go to a laboratory for experimentation.  This is serious and affects all Americans.

Homeland Security says Russian hackers targeted Wisconsin's voter registration system http://bit.ly/2ffRsD9  
Americans wants a bipartisan healthcare bill that won't be repealed in 3.5 when Trump is voted out!
Universal healthcare numbnuts
Actually, the answer is single payer universal coverage.
All you are doing is kicking this shitcan down the road. 7 years of bitching and you offer this? #CongressCanDoBetter
Yes there is! Get FOR PROFIT INSURERS out and government funding in and let my Dr decide not insurers or gov bc gov will fund thru taxes!
Don't play politics with our health care. This bill will have bad consequences for all of us. Think twice if you like being a senator.
Yes. Massachusetts is an example. That is how Obamacare was designed. My goodness do you think we are all stupid.
Laboratories of democracy? WRONG. GOP legislation turns us all into lab rats though. Millions of DEAD lab rats. #GrahamCassidy KILLS.
If states are labs of democracy, why do we need DEA or many other federal agencies? Why have HUD or HHS?
No this plan is a terrible idea
#CharlieHill said it best Americans have to argue to try to legislate basic human decency. #morallybankrupt
SenJohnson,clearly you've been around the WhiteBoysClub too long. Your GrahamCassidyBill will take away insurance from 30 mill Americans.
Yes there is.,. Like every other major country, cover all people. What state doesn't want healthcare?
What an idiotic statement! We all know providing care works & this bill will reduce access. Experiment with your coverage-leave ours alone!
I agree about the state's but, Medicare is a one-size-fit-all.
8%
You are so right we need to start someplace and be realistic!
This bill is awful. Anything to repeal the ACA without thought or concern for the American people.  Shame on you.
In other words, you don't have a solution but you want to ignore solutions that already exist and play w/ lives in the lab. We aren't mice.
Nonsense. Halfassed " hearing" in your committee I bullshite! Graham-Cassidy is made up of lies. GOP senators bull rush halfassed bill
Gonna have to mute @LindseyGrahamSC until this Obamacare repeal effort fails (I hope).
But we r all US citizens and should get equal and affordable hc not dependent on where we live
Stealing health care for a tax cut is #patheticgop
Used to be this Republican talk about having health insurance not limited to within state
Go away.
Except in every civilized country on the planet
An tiny airport for millionaires in Wisconsin gets $4mil in improvements, while taxes get hiked on low income families.  Trust the state?
In real labs, experiments fail and cells die. Cells = people in your ignorant analogy. Experiment with your own life please
11,400 low income households will lose $7 mil. during the 2nd year of Wisconsin's budget.  Trust the state GOP with healthcare?
If that were true, we wouldn't have the probs we have. Don't give me that bullshit about the purity of the free market. You're despicable

Clean REPEAL of nightmare Obamacare now-or get another job. No more Lies
Laboratories to remove protections for preexisting conditions, allow lifetime caps, & stop coverage for pregnancy and newborns. #prodeath
You need to find another job.
Unfortunately for SC, our lab sucks. This model only works if all classes and races are affected equally. Obviously that’s not the case.
Won't work. States are already overburdened
@SenRonJohnson if your plan is so good, why aren't you and all senators & congress elected officials subject to it? @GOP #LIARS
Most countries have a federal ins. Ran by their gov. Our gov. is to greedy they like getting money from ins. co. they only care about $
Yes, I can c it all now. States will tailor how they will restrict your healthcare. Sounds splendid if u r a heartless crazy senator I guess
The states regulated insurance up until 7 years ago. The laboratory didn't work. But that's not what this is about anyways. Bunch of crap.
Who would've thought healthcare would be so complicated?  work on improving Obamacare. Get insurance OUT of deciding our healthcare needs.
Modify the ACA! CassidyGraham bill is an abomination! It hurts Americans. You r deceiving Americans 4 a tax cut! Shame on u! #Muellertrain
@LindseyGrahamSC  This is malicious and your explanations do not pass the laugh test.  I had hoped you really were an honorable man.
And It undermines the protections the Affordable Care Act has afforded people with pre-existing conditions
You are correct sir, this shit show you and your friends are trying to pass is an assault on this great country.
My dude, your campaign website was all about portability and buying across state lines.
we get it dude you read one supreme court case about federalism congratufuckinglations
Sorry, healthcare is not a place you please your donors either!!! Dear @lisamurkowski please STAND YOUR GROUND. @SenJohnMcCain  @maddow
u.   !!! Fire all of these son of a bitches
It is a national issue not a state issue do your job
@ Most states will allow waivers that will make coverage for pre-existing conditions unreachable.
That's Y we need R states individually offering healthcare to their ppl! Insurance available across state lines will make them competitive!
How'd that experiment work out in Kansas? I'll give you a hint, it's not going well.
BS: Americans face the same health issues regardless of where they live. You just want shift $ from blue to red states. You are shameless.
Please stop trying to murder us.
There are many sizes that fit nobody! GOP has a closet full!
States tend to be laboratories of greed currently,willing to sell out the future to gain edge in the next election.WI &other states do this!
Bad money & bad health plans drive out the good. Mathematically,no GOP plan has been close to adequate, and if ACA repealed, GOP will learn!
Cutting affordable health care access will be a disaster! The smart states know this! The fans will be clogged within weeks &Trumpcare owner
except for realizing literally every human alive has a body that needs care and that health care is a human right
Sorry, Sen. Deadbeat...this plan is a travesty...
Yes, there is. It's called single payer, so if I move out of state I'm not fucked.
Quit telling lies to Wisconsinites more than 220,000 people will be kicked off insurance with this plan and we will vote you out!!!!!
But Scott Walker will not do well by his constituents nor will other like minded governors. You are dooming your constituents.
Lier lier Senator. Universal healthcare fits all- ask any other modern country.
#Healthcare doesn't give a damn about democracy or states. National standards are needed for our mobile society to function #MedicareForAll
Ccompletely Wrong.
#REMOVERONJOHNSON he is voting to kill families and millions of Americans. This man should not be allow to serve! He is anti people. #evil
Johnson lets get the Republicans on board IMPEACH Trump. Trump healthcare sucks millions of Americans wouldn't have Medicaid
It would be easier to give everyone a gun and have them kill themselves than deal with this pre-existing loss of crap
You should be ashamed of yourself robbing healthcare for the elderly and poor!
What if your state has become a laboratory of awfulness? For example, hmmm, let's say Wisconsin?
Every other developed nation has better healthcare and better outcomes than we do. Why aren't we doing better?
You forgot to mention we pay almost 2x as much...for worse outcomes
The entire health care industry is against the #GrahamCassidy bill as is the majority of America.
a tailor needs cloth and thread. No state can tailor healthcare without adequate funding. Cruel!

Are you serious? We need nationwide coverage. All people (senators included) are entitled to affordable, humane healthcare!
This bill sure doesnt fit the 414,000 WI residents who will lose their coverage. Still retiring after this term? With full ins coverage?
Lower the premiums-get the money from the rich-problem solved. Enough with your nonsense Johnson! I'm so glad I'm not in your state!
DEMOCRATS HATE THIS BILL B/C IT WILL GIVE STATES LUMP SUM OF MONEY BYPASSING POLITICAL LOBBYISTS GIVING HUGE DONATIONS 2DEMOCRAT POLITICIANS
You can allow the freedoms without taking away the security of pre-existing conditions and affordability constraints.
The state of Wisconsin is watching senator. Vote against this or we vote against you.
@SenRonJohnson Wisconsin can't even figure out how to 2 pay 4 their failing roads & schools & you think they can deal w-healthcare?
You all are a bunch of damn LIARS!
Who is right? You, or the experts who dispute everything you said? We need 1. CBO data 2. Debate & discussion 3. More time
for Americans, yes there should be - UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE!!!
Watched you on@morning Joe .  Can you listen and give a straight answer on this HC bill? Speaks volumes for the crap you are pushing.

#listen2MISHA 
Stop trying to justify keeping YOUR interests and donors wealthy(er) while making it impossible for working people to have insurance.
I propose NO HEALTHCARE for the US Senate. No CBO score, no debate, no discussions. All in favor? Sorry @SenRonJohnson & @LindseyGrahamSC
Your bill is terrible and the only reason you are rushing it is the Sept 30 deadline. Stop acting like you care

What a load of Garbage. How much are BIG HEALTH INSURERS lining your pockets?! How many millions are the GOP getting?
So stripping our most vulnerable citizens of Medicaid coverage is a great experiment?
In your state, democracy cant even ban manure waste from poisoning drinking water in Kewaunee, people are screwed.  Death-clan GOP
Why the big funding cuts?
Who told you that?   Do people in Alabama or Wisconsin not get cancer?  What about pregnant?   Has the model ever been tried? Like anywhere?
Essential health benefit is not one-size-fits all. It's the base line. We like good coverage. Try to lower costs, stop mess around base line
Oh I see. So that's why Alaska gets to keep Obamacare in your bill to abolish Obamacare?
Why give away the guarantee protection for ppl w/ pre-existing condition? You kept the clause allow coverage adult children up to 26.
The way you are trying to push this bill through (1/6) of our economy is completely irresponsible and the American people will vote u OUT!
JUST RELEASED: 32 million to lose coverage under Graham-Cassidy ACA repeal.
You mean like Wisconsin already did thanks to @GovWalker by not expanding Medicaid under #Obamacare ? This experiment has already failed.
I might not have agreed with him all of the time but I miss @russfeingold
Mind discussing the Koch family pledge of  $400 million dollars? Or are you too corrupt to answer your constituents?
Yes there is, Ron; as soon as you prevent corporations from profiting off of the injured and sick, one size does fit all.
You are delusional!!!
I would support that, but that actually means higher taxes and more debt
Honestly, visit your state, listen to your constituents.
How does allowing a state to waive coverage for pre-existing conditions protect those with pre-existing conditions?
Your argument makes no sense. Health care needs are the same across state borders. Minimum care needs are the same across state borders.
I agree.U2 senators can try & peddle this bullshit bill u drafted but bottom line is that it's punitive & severely impacts those who need it
32 Million people lose coverage for your experiment in "federalism."
Experiment is what it is. We Americans pay for senators ignorance. Listen to American Medical Assc. they oppose this version of Healthcare.
Considered policy that supports all americans > wildly variant experiments at state level. We're talking about health, for pete's sake.
Do  you really want a system of healthcare that will have 50 different standards that will give large nationwide employers nightmares?
This changes none of that
14/ Also the GOP argument on giving flexibility to states was undercut by GOP not giving flexibility to states.

https://twitter.com/aslavitt/status/910233358688571394 …
Right! Let each state let the insurance companies charge $$$$ for pre-existing conditions, then you can wash your hands of it!
This doesn't change that. It harms kids #GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
