He couldn't even pass voter suppression laws in ALABAMA! How's he going to do it nationally? He will storm troops, though.
Not if you're black.
(1) Jeff Sessions is a horrible racist (2) still waiting on you to ask why Trump's  kids are involved in govt meetings
How can you support this? I will never know. Where are my republicans with common sense? #embarrassing
He is a racist and anti gay! Not acceptable!
... Respectfully disagree. Vote after Franken vivisection made R look foolish.
you're an embarrassing disgrace. See you in 2018...NOT.
He really isn't  #VoteNo #RESISTANCE
I disagree and your voting for him is a great disservice to our country
What happened 2 the soul tht God gave U? Did U trade it for favors? for money? Or worse! Did you just give it freely 2 DT?
Confirm someone that will actually stand up for the rights of all. #VoteNoSessions #VoteNo #RESISTANCE
Um, no, if you go back and read your history, he is a terrible choice. You are part of the problem, not the solution.
He's a card-carrying racist &you know it. He's anti-equal ballot access just like you. You sorry scoundrel. #NotMyPresident
Sure hope he doesn't come after you when your laundry surfaces. I suggest Mr. Graham, that you re-think your allegiances.
Are you a #racist #pig too then? You work for the PEOPLE! NOT the president (delta bravo). When's your re-election? Buh-bye
By condoning his history of racism & misogyny ur alienating a vast number of constituents. We will remember & vote you out.
I emphatically disagree.
how can you vote for Sessions and believe you will be able to investigate Russian hacking. You are a joke. Putins boy
he's a racist choice you mean
@senjudiciary You are for racism? He and Bannon are one of the reasons we will not stop marching. #TheResistance #changenow
You know and I know that this nominee is not suited to the AG for ALL people of our great nation.
So...still waiting for your response...and just why is this racist an outstanding choice for America?
Outstanding if you like racists. Oh wait, pot meet kettle.
HORRENDOUS choice, much like the rest of this fear-mongering cabinet.  There needs to be more bipartisanship to rep all!
no DeVos confirmation, listen, follow directions, how do you sleep at night?
who do you work for again?  surely not the people of this country.
Will he stand up to @POTUS?  Many of us @ordinaryfaces wonder.....
He should not have passed. He's not good for the country.
HE IS A BAD CHOICE!!  He's a racist and a bigot!
.@LindseyGrahamSC are you high? Sessions is possibly the WORST choice. 

Disappointing. I was just starting to think you might be a good guy
shame, shame, shame on you sir. SC we need to change--vote him out!  This is a purely racist statement on your part.
The 1st Trump/Breitbart homer in Sen. His longtime staffer WROTE the unconstitutional #MuslimBan. He was too racist in '86!
He is good if your a straight white male .He is evil man. GOP is pure evil any more
excessive comment.  "Evil" needs to be used judiciously.
long history of discrimination against minorities and fighting to restrict voting rights.
That why the GOP wants him to do restrict voting rights ,no civil rights
got it.  Don't like him, never did, he will be a bad AG.
but lumping sessions with dear leader trump and Bannon could undermine resistance credibility
agree. Words like evil should not be applied to everyone we don't like.
Go read about the Marion 3 and see what I am talking about
As a constituent, I hope you reconsider support for a man whose anti-civil rights record speaks for itself.
don't be on the wrong side of history.
Sir, I do hope that you keep an eye on these folks.  #countryoverparty
great tweet.  Feel the same way.  Stay professional, relevant and vigilant Senator.
nope
Have you been to Alabama lately? The Senator has done a terrible job of advancing the state.
Pretty sure they can't even spell "advancing"
This former Alabamian can. To be clear, it’s not the people that are the problem. It’s the gov’t.
I'm concerned that he won't see through IC'e investigation into Trump's ties with Russia
What's the problem with people an this anti russia rhetoric.Theres no problem being friends with Russia
I'm more concerned that Flynn (and possibly others) have received payments from RU https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/democrats-ask-pentagon-to-explain-russian-payment-to-flynn/2017/02/01/de5e5f0e-e816-11e6-80c2-30e57e57e05d_story.html?client=safari …
but your not concerned about John McCain supporting neo nazi right sector shelling civilians in donetsk?
Ben is a Putnik™ troll with 1 follower. 
I Guess Exposing propaganda and telling the truth is a troll its ok snowflake nedsparks
You're kidding, right?
You need to put the voice of your constituents before your cronies.
Sessions is NOT what I'd call a good candidate. You wasted your vote.
You're kidding me! There's no way @jeffsessions has the spine to choose the #Constitution over insane @realDonaldTrump
I'm a SC voter & I'm taking notes on all the times you've refused to listen to your constituents! LISTEN TO US!
a good choice if you support racism
if you like racist for AG
No, he's not. You're better than this!
Terrible choice for AG, To quote Bob Dole via Dan Ackroyd: you know it, I know it, and the American people know it.
NOOOOOOOOO
It's vital that you understand how wrong you are about Sen. Sessions.
like comments re JSESSIONS but u McCain need to grow up(get over)u no win! McCain, forget about primary!U.S.first@louDobbs!
@senjudiciary you're as crazy as Jeff Sessions and your boss
Sir, he is not and you know it. He won't stand up to being bullied by a GAME SHOW HOST. Now the real question is, will you?
I was just beginning to respect you for leading the Russia investigation, but Sessions will just rubber stamp drumpf's EOs
You're a Rhino, Mr. Graham. You should retire.
U sure he's nt going to create laws that are against #Immigrants? Stand up for what u believe #StandUpToTrump &#stevebannon
Watch the decline of personal rights & freedoms; hope you enjoy the show!
Only if you care for corporations more than people, & Russia more than U.S. Need to better rep your constituents, sir.
how do you look in the mirror everyday
you sir are an embarrassment to humanity
.@LindseyGrahamSC He is not!I live in Alabama and I know Please don't confirm him. We are in enough danger and this man will stifle freedom.
No. He really isnt.
Outstanding choice for #Whites, right?
Good!
NOT!!!
Really? I guess you wanted the Confederate flag to remain flying over the statehouse in Columbia?! NO to DeVos-unqualified!
As a S Carolinian, Sessions disturbs me because he won't be proactive against voter suppression because of his racisim.
Shame! Stop putting party over county.
Outstanding *Racist. Fixed it for you. Now get busy finding out how deep in bed with Russia our new king is.
you've lost your mind.
BOOOOOOOOOOOOO no.
Can you stick to tweeting about tequila? I like those tweets better.
Want have to worry about cabinet picks if Orange face starts WWIII first.
You WERE one of the few Republicans I had some respect for.But u r choosing a known racist for AG. Disgusting!Shame on you!
You approved a man who voted against violence toward sexual orientation being considered a hate crime. #Shame
Sessions has a terrible record on civil rights & is a horrible choice! When will you finally listen to your constituents?
PTL! It's about time
He is a lobbyist for big oil, his beliefs will lead to water and air costing more than gas.
Sessions is a disaster for this Country!!!
Thanks for taking us backward 70+ years, we now know exactly where you stand on civil rights.
#PresidentBannon is grateful for the asskissing.  How much did he pay you to push his racist pick?
Impeach Donald Trump & get these racists out of the WH. Quit approving his destruction of our country! Stand up to him!
help defend our demagogue in chief. History  will eventually tell the tale of deceit and corruption.
He's a hateful racist misogynist, he NOT outstanding except in a bad way! Very disappointed w/you
he is a racist.  If you support a racist...what does that make you?
He was deemed too racist to be a federal judge, shameful
With his abysmal track record on civil rights alone, how can you say this? Pls be more courageous. We need R leaders who r
Jefferson Beauregard is sure to squash any investigations of Traitor Trump, sanction-buster. congrats dickheads.
you're all fascists!

resign.
unsuitable leprechaun, he is. Sad day for America.
Barf.
I appreciated your comments on @CNN this morning - very sensible...which makes me question your support of Sessions. #nogo
not really....civil rights...a term he doesn't honestly believe!!!
I thought you had better judgement.
Your a hypocrite. you are a member of the KKK
Please share why you feel he is an outstanding choice?
Southern white boys stick together, is that it? Gues your foray into left-of-extreme-right was short lived
He was too racist in the 80's?  What's different now?
, True, if you're a racist.
The end of our rights and this beautiful democracy is near - we'll remember who let us down. I fear no elections -memories.
Sure, if you are a white male.  Congratulations on passing through a racist.  God Bless America, 1960's here we come!
The end of our rights and this beautiful democracy is near - we'll remember who let us down. No more elections -memories.
i highly doubt you listened to your constituents on that one. stop being racist and RESIST.
No, he's not.
really?? This guy never stood up for anyone who wasn't a white male. It's a disgrace and your support is heartbreaking
Time you wet dreaming ALT_FACT Party a-holes invoke the "president is batshit crazy" clause? Canada, Mexico, Aussie, etc?
How will he win the Fascists' lawsuits against the entirety of the Federal Court system? Harry Reid did have a good reason.
Beauregard isn't even a good LIAR. He couldn't even win his voter suppression lawsuits 40 yrs ago in ALABAMA.
This is 2017 and the world has moved on from the priorities of Sen. Sessions. I wish you would, too.
deemed too racist to be a judge.
~ Remarkably shitty thing to support, Lindsey. Not just Sessions, but the GOP methods used to "vote". #NoHomeTraining
not all agree. Need an AG willing to act independent if pres, protect right if all under law. He won't.
I think you are wrong on this one, many of us from SC disagree with you.
Jeff Sessions doesn't care equally about all people, including people who look like me.
Shame on you!!!
and I'm very glad -not, to watch our democracy fall apart. History books will slam those who abdicate their patriot duty.
grow a spine! Stand up against Trump!
are you insane?
How long are you going to let this narcissistic baby throw bombs at our friends and antagonize our allies. Impeach him!
By the way Trump insulted another ally last night Malcolm Trumbull. It will take years to rectify Trump one week damage!
I guess you are in favor of ignoring Russian hacking. Sessions will be of no help.DO NOT VOTE FOR HIM.
since when did you become a conservative, when Obama your buddy left, get a spine Lindsey
Sir, the man is a racist.


adding more corruption to the Trump White House. Holding you personally responsible!
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no!
Congrats! You have firmly cemented yourself on the WRONG side of history.  Visit @Ctr4CHR - see where your picture will be.
you know that is not true- you do. Please show us that you value America and vote no on DeVos and Sessions
He campaigned for TRUMP! America first?
you sir are no American
The Senate Judiciary Committee acted irresponsibly by not getting Democratic requests. Vote wasn't ready to be taken.
One reason why? isn't he actively following Presidents Trumps doctrine, You are friends I'm sure but his record is suspect
do you let @jeffsessions give it to you raw, or do you make him wrap it?
he's racist and his record shows it. What are you doing?
Fascists.
@daviddavidsocal Hey Goober, sometimes, rarely, even you get something right!
unconscionable!
But not Betsy DeVos. You are true conservative and man of principle. She screwed up and will continue to do so if confirmed
this should give you more time to investigate the conflicts of interest.
I hope you hold Sessions accountable to the same thing he wanted Yates to be accountable to-the Constitution, not the Pres
No he's not! If being a Republican doesn't = racist, prove it!
What are you smoking?!
Self-avowed racist "outstanding" AG? Appalling but not surprising. #Cabinetofthugs
police brutality against blacks that are being killed even when they comply, I'm from SC born and raised #partyoflincoln
So you don't care about the voting rights act or justice reform for blacks/hispanics or do you  care about police brutality
remember it was your pick when he fails.
no he is not!
that's not good! On another none Trump had a bombastic episode with Malcolm Trumbull today. Trump is unhinged. Dump Trump!
And I thought you were one of the sane ones.
he's a racist and I guess that's ok with you. Just put on your hood, tuck your tail and let us see who you really are.
gosh you are so awful.
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/826969027381596161 …
Why vote for DeVos? She is not qualified. Do the right thing!
Come on Graham.  Do the right thing and don't allow this incompetent billionaire to be confirmed.  
#publicschools #usa
we don't support you in this. He's a proven racist, we have enough division in our country #MerrickGarland #StolenSeat
>Shame on you Lindsey, he will not protect ours or any rights, he is trump's inside man.
you're as bad as Cockwomble then if you're willing to support Sessions.
Yes and King Herod would make a great babysitter. Come on. This guy is a racist and you know it.
I take back the positive things I said for a brief moment in time about this guy
Senator, He's Tweeting War words with Iran & Iraq! And Australia PM? What is wrong with Him? How can this to OK with You?
Backbone, please, Senator...backbone!
How's the I see dead people voting, torture works, build a wall, ban refugees, I'll send troops to Mexico pres. workin out?
I am a constituent and have been trying to call your office -- either line is busy or voicemail is full.
vote no because he will not support human rights or Voting Rights. Don't trust him.
I don't trust him to protect minorities or stand up to illegal executive orders
NOT, he is a pure weasel!
like moderate faith fans the flames of extremism, centrism fans the flames of the far-right.Centrism is Trump's gasoline
Many of us are very disappointed in your support of him.
He's a racist and you know it Senator. Grow a set of balls and start pushing back against COMRADE TRUMP!
Please drop your partisanship and critically look at Betty De Vos. She has no clue about public education.  Thank you
