Stop #GCHJ   It's bad for America and it's bad for healthcare.  Americans want more healthcare coverage, NOT LESS
You just want someone to give you free HC.
No.  I want everyone to have access to affordable healthcare.  We all pay either way, cheaper if everyone has access to preventative care
Everyone would have access via Graham's proposal.  The key is affordable.  A lot of people just want free HC.
If by "free" you mean a percentage of our income to support universal coverage--yeah.  That sounds fair.
I'm in.  Bonus: universal high quality health care is FAR less expensive per person.  Bonus #2 reduced hassle/paperwork/billing/overhead
Single-payer!
Go on Medicaid or Workmanship compensation or how about use the same BS system our Veterans use! See how you like Government Healthcare!
Seems Medicare is very popular http://www.asaging.org/blog/medicare-reflected-public-opinion … and
Vets are most satisfied group w/govt health care despite va issues, which must pale compared to private insurance nightmare
Also single-payer is just that- government insurance paying private doctors- same model for care, no for-profit motive for reimbursement
NO. This is murder. Needless suffering. Tanks economies. If it were good, the cbo would be worth waiting for. Shame on you & @GOP .
This is evil.
Yikes.  Thought that was anti
GET A CLUE LINDSEY! THE PEOPLE ARE TELLING YOU NO.
This horrible bill is BAD for Americans!  Listen to us or get out of the way!
The AMERICAN PEOPLE (you know, the ones you're supposed to protect and represent)  OPPOSE THIS LEGISLATION and you know why.  Shame.
We have not yet begun to fight ACA
Why does the GOP keep pushing this highly unpopular plan? Can y'all not read the polling? Sorry to see your name on this proposal.
NO. This is an atrocity visited against Veterans, women and the poor. Enjoy Hell, Lindsey.
** BIG SMILE 4 BIG PHARMA ** TURDS always look better when they SMILE
Your retweet number is very low. That should tell you something. I vote NO to your terrible idea for health care. #keepACA
Nope. Stop trying to kill people.
Senator Graham, you tweeted this 6 days ago. See the no. of RTs?  People are raising their voices: NO #GCHJ @nytimes @cnn
All due respect, sir, but this is an abomination. Destroying coverage nationally just to get political points isn't improving anyone's lives
Please stick to foreign policy and stop pretending you know anything about HC or care. This is disgraceful
Call. I did. Do something. Tell the GOP "NO on Graham HC bill" 202-224-3121. DO SOMETHING. Tweeting won't do it. CALL YOUR SENATOR
I am a breast cancer survivor. How dare you steal my healthcare. I hate every GOP that votes for your filthy bill. Vote DEMOCRAT!
Not a chance. Your failure of a healthcare reform bill should embarrass all Americans.
No. No. No. No. No.

You see these replies right? You hear the phone calls? You represent US and WE THE PEOPLE SAY NO. Step up.
Find another way to pay for those tax cuts for the wealthy. You are hurting human beings!!  How dare you as a man of faith!!  NO NO NO
Lindsey Graham is a fraud who lied about serving in Iraq and Afghanistan. LIES and eventually got called out and took info offline.
Losing respect for you, man. Thought you had the courage to stand up to Trump.....
Apparently u have never had 2 go w/out healthcare U r a mean and evil man 2 want to take healthcare from millions who have no other option.
Your “healthcare” bill is a death sentence for my sister, takes health care from 2 million vets, huge premiums on preexisting conditions
How can you do this to us?
We have made it heard... 2 times already.  It is heartbreaking that you want this bill that will devastate millions. Shameful.
I think most of the current passion and fight is focused on removing frauds like Trump and stains like you from office.
You just lost any ground you had gained with Ind. voters - won't be worth it. #therearemoreofus
U will bankrupt or kill Americans w pre-existing conditions-No one will be safe. There's a reason you don't want CBO to score.#VoteNo #GCHJ
This is an OBSCENITY MR. GRAHAM.  SHAME SHAME SHAME.
You want to hear:  NO NO NO!  #NoGHJC  #NoGHJC  #NoGHJC  #NoGHJC  #NoGHJC  #NoGHJC  #NoGHJC  #NoGHJC  #NoGHJC  #NoGHJC  #NoGHJC  #NoGHJC
You're an evil man to want to kick the elderly out on the street and deny children healthcare. Shame on you. #VoteThemOut
Can you hear me now??  No one wants your SHAM of a healthcare bill!  It's bad for the country.  Fix the ACA!  Don't be so #Coldhearted.
We do not agree. Don't take our healthcare.
please explain why veterans should lose healthcare just because you want a notch in your belt by the end of September?
HELL NO! And if you do get it passed CONGRESS NEEDS TO BE ON IT TOO!
@GOP GENOCIDE BILL KILLS MILLIONS! Greed & Gluttony of the RICH are SINS! FU & your lying cheating murdering #CommunistKKKRepublicanParty!
Quit trying to control women's bodies for one thing. And go after pharmacy and insurance companies who set prices...
There is no reason for their CEO's to have 15-20M salary for denying people coverage.
I made a joke about Chris Christie's nipples that got more retweets than this and I had like 80 followers. Withdraw your awful bill.
Five days and 186 retweets… Comments are all anti… Senator, listen to the American people. They hate hate hate your bill.
This bill is even worse than the previous two and you should be deeply ashamed of yourself.
Every time we get fooled into thinking you have a heart, you do something like this to disappoint the American people. Don't you care?
NO! Why are you playing games with people's lives? FIX the ACA, don't take health care from Americans. Is Koch $$ that important to you?

Vote no
You will be voted out.
Are you this sad that you're willing to say this GOP plan for health care is decent?  Shame on this GOP for being so pathetic. #patheticgop
Please STOP already We want our freaking healthcare. #SaveACA
Likes/RTs for this r mostly #PutinBots. Figures since the majority of USA, who may not agree on much, agree #GrahamCassidy sucks. #SaveACA
SINGLE PAYER.
SINGLE
PAYER.
SINGLE
PAYER.
SINGLE
PAYER.
SINGLE
PAYER.

Ask @SenSanders about SINGLEPAYER. He knows Details.

#SinglePayerNOW
I want #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #UniversalHealthCare but for now, stop trying to take away the  healthcare we have, jerk! #SaveACA
Another bag of horse shit repeal bill trotted out by you as a viable option for Americans.
No.
You should be ashamed of yourself.  Terrible what u r trying to do to the American people.
Come on, Lindsay. No one wants this bullshit
#GCHJ is NOT what the American people want. We want to ACA to be fixed 
Kicking millions of children, Veterans, elderly off h/c is cruel
no
Koch donor network warned @GOP: 2018 $400M 'piggy bank' closed unless they repeal ACA. GRAHAM DOESN'T WORK FOR US
NO
Nobody wants this shit. Shame on you @GOP for sneaking this dangerous bill in out of spite and desperation. #Bloodonyourhands
No. This bill is state sponsored murder. I do not support the GOP'S latest version of domestic terrorism on its own citizens #GrahamCassidy
No one wants this except your corporate buddies/owners. Why are you SO owned by corporate interests? #GrahamCassidy #Medicare4All
This legislation is a very bad idea and you know it. Please seek your humanity and leadership, it's lost on this one.
Nope
We are making our voices heard --  in OPPOSITION to your #Trumpcare 3.0.  

Millions would lose coverage. 

#GCHJ is bad for America.
You went full evil.
Fuck off. And, btw, No.
No. I am utterly against your bill.
No, because it's a horrible plan made by horrible people who are scared of public debate. You are a sham and a stain on American Democracy
ABSOLUTELY NOT! You ARE TALKING ABOUT KILLING MILLIONS OF PEOPLE! Do you have a SOUL?
History won't be kind if you continue to foist this wealthcare bill (yes, wealthcare, since they'll be the only beneficiaries) on the public
HELL NO!! You hv Gold Standard coverage paid for by ME! & you want this  for Americans. #Shame
You are very bad at this.
Hell no
I thought you wanted to help opioid addicted people not harm them?
You are nothing more than a human windsock
Nope! Don't do it.
Hear this: stop calling your terrible plan "healthcare" - it's just plain evil and uncaring.
No. For the thousandth time, no. Stop this nonsense, fund and improve ACA.
Nope- you are a sleaze bag...
Leave my healthcare alone
You're going to go down in history as the George Wallace of healthcare.
No. Your bill will kill people.
How can you?
Why do you want to take heslth care away from Americans?
Stop stealing from the rest of us to give to the rich.
Something better be done about that mandatory tax, or we're going under. We can't afford the insurance or the penalty. Land taxes take it.
Please don't take away our healthcare. Listen to your constituents.
Republicans will loose big in the mid terms if they continue to do nothing
Congress should listen to American people and focus on bipartisan fixes to expand access to care. #FixACA #noGrahamCassidy
Graham/Cassidy bill as bad as the other ones.  $ from blue states to red states #Cynical/Sad
Replaced needs to be removed from that sentence. Stricken is the word of the day.
It is time for healthcare for all in the USA  #options for everyone. If not Medicare what else? Get to work
your forcing a some thing that will not http://work.You  don't care about the people who need insurance.No more obamacare no trust
Here's some options:

1) Work from the Affordable Care Act 

2) Work with Sen. Sanders on S. 1804

--From a SC voter
Put this bill in the shredder. It robs coverage from millions & it's not worth giving state legislators here tons of $ to NOT provide HC.
Just FIX what is WRONG with the ACA! That is the wish of over 75% of the people asked!
Why don't you fight to come up with a decent plan first?
Once it's scored , people will hate it. Tell voters it's the ACA you are repealing, and don't call it Obamacare, the answers are different
Stay with it Sen graham we need Ocare gone and replaced
Do your job! Do the right thing for the people! #RepealandReplace
There doesn't seem to be anything that the GIP in Washington wants to do.  Sick of your Do Nothingness!
All I want is 4 spineless politicians to resign and make way for the president's agenda
NO ONE WANTS YOUR HORRIBLE PLAN GIVE IT UP ALREADY

No leave The ACA in place.  Work to improve it.
People like the ACA it not perfect but it's better than anything the GOP has come up with.
And NO again
No
Republicans must do these three items or lose lots is seats. 1 repeal and replace Obamacare 2. Tax Reform 3. Real immigration reform
Lindsey, we like the ACA.  Fix it!
If it's such a good plan Mr Graham, put all elected officials on it.
I want single-payer health care.  Not a tax break for rich, out of touch, white men like yourself.
Hear THIS Lindsey : MEDICARE FOR ALL!!!!
NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No, impeach Donald Chump like we asked you
Clean repeal and deal with other later clean repeal n allow ACROSS state lines competition savings accounts, ONLY is about PP MEDICAID
We Taxpayers have lost all faith in all of Congress. Even you, all liars thieves, YOU CARE FOR DACA BUT NOT AMERICANS! Wall Jobs LOWER Taxes
My voice says LEAVE OBAMACARE ALONE!!!!
It is a lifesaver.
No thanks. You would mess it up.
No, I prefer a solid look at the Sanders plan. That's my SC voice.
NO, NO, NO!
As a SC registered voter, I find the thought of the state being in charge of my health care options chilling. Modify/strengthen ACA.
EVERYONE would like better healthcare. The gop is just trying to replace to prove a point. That point comes above what is fair and just.
No fee healthcare for elected officials. Only way to positive change
NO NO NO HELL NO from Surfside Beach SC 29575
#MedicareForAll
Leave Obamacare alone you BASTARD!
Stop trying to take healthcare away from your constituents
Respect & appreciate the job you do, but, where have you been? The fight has been AGAINST repealing the ACA. Relationship w Trump blinding
Yes and go back to what it was BEFORE OCARE!! We don't need to fund insurance companies! They make too much as is!
Disappointed, Sir. Please demonstrate true empathy for those who will lose health insurance if you repeal the Healthcare law.
the hashtag #GCHJ is so boring, ppl are falling asleep trying to type it. Try #Grahamcare or #CareosaurusRex 
#MedicareforAll
SHUT UP WITH THIS NONSENSE.  LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUTENTS, NOT YOUR DONORS, AND STOP ALL IMMIGRATION!
I vote for your plan. There's nothing free in this world. Ppl have to help also. It's a good idea to have the states take over.
nope, dont do it, call @SenSanders
Why do you keep using the term "Repeal and Replace?" Why don't you simply "FIX" the high cost of medical insurance!!
What stays in the way of Americans to get what the citizens of all developed countries benefit of - universal healthcare? Answer: Greed!
Kicking people off of healthcare is not how you get into Heaven.

JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
Better yet - we need SINGLE PAYER UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE!  THAT is the fix.  Do you have the guts to do it?  #SinglePayerUniversalHealthcare
Fix the ACA!  This Repeal and Replace rhetoric is absolute politically motivated garbage.
Just fix the problems. R&R is stupid.
WE WANT #MedicareForAll Listen to your constituents! Listen to the other 99% of the developed world with universal health care. Seriously.
No thank you!  Heartless. Cruel. We. Are. Better. Than. This. We deserve better than this.  You shouldn't die because you're poor or sick.
#GCHJ is bad policy, and not needed.  Stop focusing on repeal and replace, and work to improve existing law.  SC and the US deserve better.
GOP Plan: Top 1% income earners get $+$55,000/yr (11%) each. We get $300/yr (1%). Instead give us all $5,000/yr , http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/BBEiIdb?ocid=st … …
I am with Bernie!
No thanks - I'd prefer to stabilize the current system and then move forward with any new plan...That's my voice!
NO OBAMACARE FIXES! We want FREE Markets, sell across states lines, etc.   Get it done! 
I like you Senator, but "No", sorry health care is a right
You republicans can't get anything accomplished! The whole congress is a waste! Can't accomplish anything!
REPEAL Obamacare NOW!!!!
no thanks, all y'all do is fight.
There is nothing good with repealing or replacing the ACA. No to #GCHJ and yes to #MedicareForAll
The majority of people don't want repeal! How about better regulations of insurance companies? How about standardized medical care pricing?
Give up your HC paid with OUR taxes or give us #SinglePayer You were elected 2 serve People NOT corporations Disgraceful!
Senator, that ship has sailed. If you are genuinely interested in addressing this issue. Work on a fix for the ACA. Stop playing games.
Fuck all the wayyyyyyyyyyyy off with this #GCHJ bulshit.
Listen to the people! REPEAL and REPLACE Obamacare! You politicians are NOT on it!
We do not want Lindsey care- we have had hillary care, obama care & you know what we know nobody in gov cares. It's obvious So STOP IT
#Medicare4All
U get the best HC ever paid 4 by us & try to deny us OUR right 2 HC.  Graham knows that #SinglePayer won't make 4 his wealthy donors
Sen Graham if you really want to  lower healthcare costs BAN cigarettes People have to take personal responsibility for their health
Not as long as you keep blocking the way.
WELLLL LINDY , Just 31% of Americans want Repubs 2 continue Obamacare R & R  &  61%  DO NOT Want Obamacare R & R-- Vs 54%  No Trump 11/2016
No there is not!!...people want the Affordable Care Act fixed!..ppl need health care
Your talking points r lies for 2018 Senate races and nothing more - not a fix while u keep your fed govt plan
Here is my voice, sir: NO to this horrible bill
Never!#MedicareForAll
How stupid 2 have 50 different health care plans. While u get yours from fed gov't. Save our health care by fixing not destroying ACA
certainly the fine people of south carolina can do better than the fraud that is lindsay graham
#MedicareForAll and Repeal and Replace the GOP.
Do not repeal and replace!  Work with the Dems to fix the problems.  This must be bipartisan!
I do not support your efforts to repeal Obamacare.
