2 TRAITORS TO AMERICA. OUR AMAZING BRILLIANT PRESIDENT TRUMP IS THE BEST WE EVER HAD .STOP YOUR BS AND WORK WITH HIM .RESPECT HIM .
RINOs McCain & Rubio got reelected then join the opposition.   Hey South Carolina! Don't let Graham pull the wool over your eyes in '18
POTUS is coming after you today! Please...be the man in ur party to take action to save the Republic. He is destroying our Nation.
Vote Lindsay Graham out of office.
I think he has served SC well...his constituents obviously feel that way. I believe & hope he is a decent man who cares about the Republic.
I vote for President Trump and Lindsey needs to support him all the way.
You defend only if he is lockstep w/POTUS? Are you bipolar?

Reps take an oath to uphold Constitution, NOT a president.
Lindsey needs to support President Trump. Lindsey bipolar. Are you??

we have a man from SC who is a good leader, Trey Gowdy...Scott and Graham are what we need to eradicate from our government.
This is OK with Lindsey Graham.
Vote Lindsay Graham and Scott out of office.
Trump NEVER suggested there is a "moral equivalency" between the neo-nazis and people like Ms. Heyer!  Do u understand the english language?
Graham refused to help me and I was active duty military
Well done, sir.

Yeah wondering when you were a "former" GOP? If ever. I love how you libs try to convince us that Pres Trump support is going away. #MAGA
Get back to work, @LindseyGrahamSC .  Geez - why can't SC get rid of this guy? Has he moved out of his mothers basement yet?
No paper trails so we'll never know. Not for the lack of trying I assure u.
It is time everyone spoke out. We need a uniter not a divider. Thank you to these Senators!
Trump stated very clearly that he is against all forms of bigotry, violence & racism. You & Tim Scott are Typical politicians!!
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC and @JeffFlake !!!
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC  

and to @SenatorTimScott say Trumps name or %85 of our large family of women will vote YOU out at election!
SOROS FUNDED: Paul Ryan, Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush, John McCain, John Kasich, Lindsey Graham
do NOT re-elect graham OR Scott!!!
Just piling on for publicity sake. The Pres. condemned them all. The two of you need to offer solutions if you have any, not critcism.
The President was right 2 call out all sides. All sides committed violence.  Permitted rally legal, others gather illegally.  Tell truth!
Scott and Graham need to get on same page as President Trump. President Trump was right in what ha said.
How can you lie & twist truth like this & think you can get away with it? We watched @realDonaldTrump @POTUS denounced violence
#donothingGraham a Rhino who is useless to America
Did you ever call out obama for defending BLM pu$$ies
Right Deb!  Obama could do no wrong and absolutely nothing Trump does is going to be right with these two and the "lame stream media"!
2 TRAITORS TO OUR COUNTRY AND OUR PRESIDENT .SHAME ON THEM.
THE SINGAPORE GOVT R BLOODY DESPERATE FOR A COVER UP BAILOUT & DIGNIFIED EXIT AT ALL COST IN HERE WITH ME!
Yeah letsnsee@him hit back at Wikileaks expose on him taking money from killary @HillaryClinton  http://redstatewatcher.com/article.asp?id=90679 …
#AltLeft & MSM think they can label us ALL KKK, White Supremacists & racist to take away our #FreedomOfSpeech to silence us! #FightSupremacy
So You two Millionaires (Corrupt $$) know there were no War Hero's in the Crowd, No other  Good people just wanting to keep the statues.?

We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. 
~President Donald Trump
I want Graham & Scott to lead their violent Marxist Antifa buddies to the Battery in Charleston to tear down the beautiful monument. NOW!
Graham and Scott have never stood up to the extreme violence and chaos caused by Marxist Antifa and BLM. NEVER! They support domestic terror
He denounced them.
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump
You can't stop being antifa can you? Just fits being a traitor when you're a liberal! @LindseyGrahamSC
With "Republicans" like you, who needs Democrats?
Tim Scott, right on target!  Lindsey Graham twisting words.  We have to condemn hate groups!  Thank you, Mr President for doing so.
Tim Scott and Lindsey Graham need to back President Trump. Can't believe y'all still not on track with The President.
it's about time Tim Scott said something.
https://twitter.com/stockmonsterusa/status/897743362769342464 … Really 
Meanwhile, back in 1999 Trump is honored for a lifetime of helping African American Communities

#WednesdayWisdom …
@LindseyGrahamSC gets paid $174K a yr. What has he dont for us lately besides Tweet?
The Phoenix mayor asked 45 not to have his rally and he is still going to have it? You senators need to get rid of this toxic man .
Trump is a toxic liability to Repubs now. Don't enable him by working with him. Impeach him as unfit. #DoSomethingGOP
If you can't support the President best you just keep quiet I'm glad too see you have no interest in getting reflected
I refuse to vote for Graham in 2020 and Scott in 2022
Thank you for standing up against the soulless Trump. He is unfit for office. Censure him as a shot over his bow. And get GOP to impeach.
Keep going at Trump. More of your colleagues need to call him out by name in the condemnation of white supremascists. He is not a leader.
I am a Democrat and APPRECIATE your service to our country! My response to @realDonaldTrump tweet BULLYING you this morning!
We hate his guts president Trump his election is coming and from Charleston to pickens we will canvass against this price
You need to be supporting Trump not joining CNN and Pelosi, Schumer. Get over losing to Trump and get over being an establishment RINO.
Keep up the great work! You are a true American, with the guts to call out our corrupt president! #impeachtrump
@senateGOP @BuzzAtTheState @POTUS is a liar+TRAITOR! #TrumPIGnorance is dangerous! @Putinrf uses #altright hate=tool- #trumpRUSSIA #treason
@LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS=liar+TRAITOR! #TrumPIGnorance is dangerous! @Putinrf uses #altright hate=tool- #trumpRUSSIA #treason
Well we know you stand for rioting, violence against anyone who is not liberal.
Mama boy Graham  will lose the next election he knows it and so does SC.Soros puppet.
I would love to see a verbal “discussion” between Lindsey Graham and Trump.  My bet is on Sen Graham.
#CongressionalLevity
You disgust me Americans support our POTUS and always will ...stop your hate!
You want the Republican Civil  War? Trump said ALL sides were violent. Here's who you support, this is ANTIFA (anarchist) and your buddy.
Thank you
Your party needs more like you. Don't stop.
Thank you for having the courage to call Trump out by name.  Our country deserves better than a president who sides with hate & bigotry.
Lindsey you now have america hating liberals praising you i guess the cats out of the bag on who you are.
Yeah you liberaled out and lied through your teeth Lindsey.  What is your problem?  Are you scared of telling the truth?
Lindsay Graham you are pathetic and are condoning violence against the media with this statement. Know that.
Don't condemn both sides? That makes you PRO-violence on media. Ask @jaketapper & @sherylnyt https://twitter.com/sherylnyt/status/896575560650035200 … https://twitter.com/jaketapper/status/897977496930570240 …
This is where your paychecks come from...
Why r u even "hitting" Trump at all? Know your place. He is the president u r a senator.
For what? I knew the left would say lies, never knew a damn republican would.
Pay no attention, Senator. He's a small man. You're a statesman and a patriot.
U r a disgrace Senator
Listen to the words. Comprehend.  Don't have selective hearing and try to position yourself by being PC. Actions of ANTIFA etc just as bad!
Thanks for standing on the right side of history on this issue, Sen. Graham.
Thank you Senator Graham for standing up to Pres. Trump! May God bless you!
Sen Graham, which groups had a legal permit to peacefully assemble, & which have a reputation for riots & vandalism?
Thank you for trying to unify our country despite the divisive commentary from @realDonaldTrump
Good morning!! 
...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!
Hey Lindsey.. This ones for you
I apoligize for laughing and enjoying Trump's attacks and insults directed at you Sen Graham, @ 2016 election campaign.
Censure potus ! Hold him accountable. It's the best first step the senate can do. Words don't matter anymore. Action does.
Less talk and more action out of our Senators would be greatly appreciated.  What have they accomplished this year other than running mouths
PROOF LINDSEY IS A LIAR! DJT denounces KKK 17 years ago and many times after. Watch: http://710wor.iheart.com/featured/mark-simone/content/2017-08-14-watch-the-media-lie-about-donald-trump-and-david-duke-and-the-kkk/#ixzz4pmgNSLu9 …
This is a joke! He was forced to denounce the KKK!!! Everybody know it!
WATCH IT - HE DENOUNCED 17 YEARS AGO.  Do you think he has a time machine?
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump
If @LindseyGrahamSC wants 2 talk about someone not doing their job, all he has 2 do is look in the mirror. He needs 2 b fired @southcarolina
Past time to take Cheeto out of office.  His meltdown in front of the world is beyond embarrassing!
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC for speaking out.
Vote Lindsay Graham out of office.
DRIVER OF CAR WAS HILLARY SUPPORTER AND SOROS PAID PROTESTER. DID YOU KNOW THAT?
Sen @LindseyGrahamSC, you are a compassionate person with a good heart. The American people appreciate you being strong in these times.
Vote Lindsay Graham out of office.
Graham just loves to see himself talk & criticize POTUS. Support POTUS! He Told the truth that there has been violence on both sides.
Funny, they didn't open their big mouths when the orchestrated riots of Ferguson/ Baltimore happened under Obama's watch!
Way to go Lindsey!
Thank you Senator @LindseyGrahamSC! I heard the same entire unhinged press conference from morally bankrupt 45!
AWE poor thing cant get over losing by a LANDSLIDE.
@LindseyGrahamSC @thestate Lindsey, try as you may you will never be President.
Thank you for speaking out!
@LindseyGrahamSC so sorry that @realDonaldTrump  is singling you out in an attack. We support you in you strong moral stance
Don't let Trumpy Twitler bully you. 
The entire GOP needs to act NOW!
Either way... your party is FUBAR.
This embarrassment must stop!!!!!!!
Keep speaking out, Mr. Graham. Please.  Decent Americans (and NEw Yorkers who know Trump's nasty ways) are counting on your voice.
Vote Lindsay Graham out of office.
Mr Graham, you felt it appropriate to re-tweet this in your grandstanding?  Shame on you!!  Your a part of this division in America @POTUS
You are full of sh*t, Deep State Coup Plotter.

Don't even go there.

Surely you remember what happened in the USSR in 1991!
And Graham when are you and Ryan going to grow a spine and denounce trump?
ACT NOW!
You need to do your job as a senator and serve the people who hired you instead writing articles with false facts!But that is to much to ask

THIS IS ALT LEFT

 #Antifa breaks Gay Latino #Trump supporter's…
I think its good that you're speaking out but again its just talk.  When will this nations "leaders"  DO SOMETHING
Don't agree with many of your policies @LindseyGrahamSC but thanks for having integrity with opposing bigotry from @realDonaldTrump
Trump needs to resign!







Dang it!  I want to hate Graham but he keeps earning my grudging respect!  So frustrating.....
You're upset that he condemned the violence? What exactly is your problem with that?

Spotted a counter protester with bow and arrow. #Charlottesville 
But you're cool with heavily armed white nationalist militias.....right.  
Right, because to point out the objective provable fact of both sides acting violently would be racist hate speech

Protesters are definitely outnumbered trying to enter the park. #Charlottesville 

Clash between protesters and counter protesters. Police says "We'll not intervene until given command to do so." #Charlottesville 

9.  was standing passively by, seemingly waiting for violence to take place, so that they'd have grounds to declare 'unlawful assembly'.
Thank you!  However, we need more than words.  Do something before more people are killed.
@LindseyGrahamSC So you think Alt Left Antifa is okay SenatorSo Antifa assaulting PoliceOfficers&stabbing PoliceHorses is ok
-@LindseyGrahamSC our @POTUS referring to ANTIFA.. not the poor woman that was mowed over by KKK guy, her mother praises @realDonaldTrump
Linsay Graham will never get my vote. Pres.Trump denounced the violence.Sick of U &Traitor McCain U need a D after your name. DisgustingRino
Hopefully more people who won't get your vote will start running for office. Even if they don't get mine, at least I can respect them.
President Trump shows a broad and deep perspective, not following a shallow and narrow political template.
If white grievance is the parties core message, how can it be expected to gain distance from white supremacists?

Not sure who provoked first. Both sides were hitting each other at Justice Park before police arrived. #Charlottesville 
S. Graham u couldn't be more wrong. DT is standing up for a greater purpose, 4 the very heart of America. U can detest what neo-nazis rep...
U can and should detest what neo-nazis represent, but always defend their right to their beliefs. The altleft fascists sought to undermine..
That basic American constitutional right. The altleft chose fascism and attempted to violently usurp the neo-nazis Constitutional rights.
As POTUS, Trump absolutely HAD 2 point out altleft was wrong. Altleft greater danger 2 US than white supremists As US Senator u know this
Or, if you don't know this, you damn well should not be a US Senator.
Do you really trust this guy with nukes?
Senator, please support your tweets and words with actions: #ImpeachTrumpNow
Impeach him for what moron?  The million jobs we added?  Being truthful?  Being a strong leader?  Stop whining.

NO TARGET....WHAT DID THEY SAY?
Graham is gone. looking to hold Scott up in front to sacrifice. Both are swamp denizens.
RINOs McCain & Rubio got reelected then join the opposition.   Hey South Carolina! Don't let Graham pull the wool over your eyes in '18
Bravo, mr. president!
Not surprised at graham, he's always an idiot. Scott was a surprise. Thought he was smarter than that. Destroy president for votes???
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC  I am a newcomer to SC and am proud of your courage

He did condemn all sides I do not know what these people were watching or what they are drinking.
He is only for Rich White People like him and his family .. He does not care what any other lower class than him think..

Watching MSM you would have no idea @realDonaldTrump clearly, unambiguously & repeatedly condemned the bigotry & violence in Charlottesville
GRAHAM IS DISGRACE, ANTIFA AND BLM IS NOT A PEACEFUL GROUP..GO BACK TO YOUR GATED COMMUNITY YOU CLOWN. YOU GET A NEW CELL YET
3. I am a swing voter and I won't vote GOP at any level again as long as he is tolerated. I'm sure I am not alone.
 I see nothing conservative bout current GOP, and must be purged to return.
2. "Donald Trump has no future in the GOP, and the GOP has no future with him in it. I  disavow him totally and without reservation."
THANK U FOR NOT SAYING TRUMP NAME!! PROTECT KKK! NAZI AMERICA FOR THE SOUTH!! DENOUNCE VAGUELY!! SUPPORT NAZI AND DAVID DUKE KILL BLACKS!!
1. At least you had the guts to use his name, Senator. Many of your colleagues do not. I suggest a stronger statement:.....
Stop talking & impeach him.  Stand up and do something.  You say you love our country?  Then show it!
Graham is playing politics by stirring the pot & playing CYA.  He's part of "The Swamp", very divisive & needs to retire!
Retire Graham in 2018
We know what you are doing Graham.
Do the right thing, Mr. Graham. You started. Please finish.
25-4
Hit harder. Get your cronies together and tell him you dont support his views. This is the way to GET RID OF HIM FOR A DAM GOOD REASON!
This won't do any good at all if you say one thing and then do another, which is bow to Trump anyway so you can get your precious tax reform
You DON'T need Trump in the WH to get your agenda thru. Pence will take over and then maybe some other moral Republican. GET. HIM. OUT!!!!
If you keep him, then you believe in him. AND his views. He may not be a racist but Trump is definitely for white privelege. p.s. I am white
Rid us of fascism w/the same prosecutorial zeal you exhibited 4 lying bout adultry. Perspective Graham! Words are not enough.He must go now!
You know Graham. I am sick of rhetoric. Words are BOT enough. We need to rid of Trump and carry on with Republican agenda with Pence.
Stop messing around and get rid of this guy before it's to late,you know it has to happen!
Trump showed us who he was a long time ago when he started the birther movement. Words, tweets, talk does nothing, act to stop Trump now
TRUMP WILL BE YOUR PRESIDENT FOR 8 YEARS ..SNOWFLAKE
@wolfblitzer Stop Fake @SenateGOP ReElection Year Statements & Do Something about your KKK @POTUS ! A @GOP Nazi Murdered an Innocent Woman!
Put your vote where your tweet is:
https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/2978/cosponsors …
Lindsey u r the problem, not President Trump. He condemned kkk and Nazi's and u know that to be true. We have had enough of ur lying crap
