And Trump denied funding to rebuild.
Just another political sound byte.
Bless this old woman's heart
Praying
 Red Cross donation made. NC
Isn't this why I pay taxes? Why don't you actualky do something?
Please explain to Trump that he needs to take cutting funds from FEMA and  shutting down the government out of his future plans.
Have you been in their dress with a matching purse?
Stop making fun of her clothes!
We all have the potential to be in the path of a natural disaster some time in our lives.  Should help whenever we are able.
Did you vote against Sandy relief
After you turned your backs on #HurricaneSandy this rings truly hollow.
Well, I declare, @LindseyGrahamSC said something of value. #hurricaneharvey2017
yeaa yea yea
TO EXCUTE THE BENJAMIN SCAM. TO STEAL CREDIT. & TO SHARE CREDIT TO BENFIT THE 3KS. OR TO PULL THE PLUG IF NECCESARY!
You are a so full of yourself!  You stabbed our @POTUS in the back to many times!  You cannot be trusted!  SC vote this traitor out #MAGA
Then this traitor  goes to globalist  meeting in Italy.
You want to help why are you not in Texas. Dump this POS.
Pray for Texas while I enjoy a nice trip to Italy on taxwith my bff Sen McCain, who betrayed ppl voting no on repeal of Obamacare!
There's no real track record for prayer vs flooding. If anything, the story of Noah teaches action over inaction.
At this point most of us have been through a hurricane.  Maybe the scientists were right about global warming all along.
I HAVE TOLD U WHAT I KNOW TILL THIS POINT IN TIME. THE 3KS R WITHOLDING INFO FOR STRATEGIC ADVANTAGE.
I will help when I can. Now do somethings for me. GET RID OF TRUMP! He's a horrible person, he's racist, he defends terrible people. IMPEACH
Today we learned of Trump Organization efforts to secure a business deal in Russia in 2015-16. @SpeakerRyan   @VP
Hey call on your old Clinton crime family buddies. They have all that Haitian relief money to spread around.
stop the do good words a get back to D.C. and do your job
South Carolina Don't be fooled.. This man needs to go. He's an Elite life time GOP destroying our country. Chocolate Cover Crap
The National Guards presence already.  Houston,TX : Sen.Lindsey GRAHAM of South Carolina, as the U.S. Navy recovers other bodies USS McCain
Armed Services Committee, Sen.Lindsey GRAHAM
I can never ever remember anything like this in SC. Yes we have had hurricanes but not at this magnitude. Yes and we are praying for you.
As have we in Florida. #Harvey #PrayforTexas
Start by stop denying "Climate change" Senator.
Would love to see you help America. Stop enabling the madman in the White House, please. The silence of Congress is clearly heard!
Your president is a travesty of justice - pls do something!!
Wow. I really hope you dont take their health insurance away
 #saveMedicaid #savetheACA
Snap!
Well, Trump is going down there which will divert resources from those that live and are struggling there to protect him and Melania.
This can't be helping situation any. Surprised governor hasn't asked him to please stay away. Local resources needed desperately elsewhere.
He's not going to Houston
Resign traitor@@LindseyGrahamSC
When was there 50 inches of rain in SC?  Don't minimize their plight.
OMG right
Thank you for caring 
We have. When r u going to rally the BIPARTISAN troops? Cong needs 2 act on trump. U have influence in Cong as well as your fellow senators
Your so special 
I'm a God loving, country loving, @realDonaldTrump loving American who has already helped by sending $ I don't need you telling what to do!
Remember Ted Cruz not wanting to help after Sandy. GOP musr be party of help and support in bad times. Don't let it become a budget issue
Trump's probably got extra rooms open in the White House. Why doesn't he Air BnB a couple and fly Houstonians back on AF1?
Donate to local organizations!
@UMC_UMCOR is another good place to donate.
Donate to local organizations!
Remember the semis who came loaded with supplies when we had our flood? They came from all across the country.
Perhaps you could do your part to pimp slap Cruz for his crass hypocrisy and cruelty about Sandy.  All Americans deserve the support of gov.
Here shares the same crass hypocrisy.
He.
Thank you sir. Much better than the #notmyproblem attitude the Texas senators had during hurricane Sandy
Lindsey is against trump stating that the wall will not be built
Forget the wall, jerk-off.  Houston needs to be rebuilt.  #trumpanzees
Donate Through Amazon they will match up to 1 million. After all FEMA was cut 600 million
Don't make this abut yourself Lindsey. Start following what the Presidents says and let us know what you donate. #2018
#Texans moving to vote for Democrats as Texas Republican hypocrisy is revealed. #Texas needs real leaders.
Amazing how you Republicans urge us to help people when you spend your time making things tough/acting callously to anyone needing help
You're confused SJW, We help, we just don't believe in bankrupting the country for the lazy among us. Tootles.
Lindsey in general we're opposites in political views but I'm really grateful 2 u 4 having a humanity that seems lacking in some pols 2day.
If there is anything u can do 2 get Obama's anti-flood guidelines reinstated it may help assure the Houston rebuild is more resilient.
Would you still defend your vote against Sandy relief?
How soon they forget. Keep reminding them.
Absolutely true. Good reminder. Thank you! #AmericaUnited.
I would be willing to bet that you support that

Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Use Feynman's trick to figure out why your so stupid. The domestic terror is from your ilk. Dems created The KKK,Jim Crow, so own up to it.
