More suck from the reckless spenders who prefer all but the top 5 % die penniless and in agony. Shame on Mc dipshi* and orange ignoramous
This woman is ugly! I mean ugly!
call it what you want....just start taking ownership and solve some problems...just repealing does nothing

#GreatReads: The staggering hypocrisy of Bill Cassidy and Lindsey Graham: http://bit.ly/2xkjGXg  @mattyglesias 
Mistresss of orange gestapo pulls it right out of her as*
You're still here?  Damn, I thought you crawled back under your insignificant Little Rock
Lololololololol! Oh SNAP!!!! Perfect!
death plan; will cost people with cancer $140,000 per year. GOP hates americans.
Haha
25 grand for you to fly from D C to Philadelphia on a private jet??? You are really having fun spending our tax money!
This is the worst plan yet so will probably pass.  I have insurance cuz of ACA; new stress that I won't much longer.
The stress is terrible. 
The stress level for people in this country has gone off the charts with the Trump authoritarian type administration,no respect for anything
She got used to"alternative facts", she believes her own bullcrap.
Where's your SS??

When cowardly boneheaded dullards  proudly display dunce hats and pick on weak and disabled led by Orange morbidness with  mind of dough.
Would you people PLEASE STOP PUTTING THIS PERSON in the news. No one wants to see or hear her nonsense.
We want ACA - do not repeal OBAMACARE
WHY IS THIS B%%%H incredibly stupid ugly and unreliable B%%%H still being quoted!
Well, Trump voters are you happy now? I'm sorry but instead of making ACA better with HRC here we are. GOP & Trump do not care about you.
The GOP really wants to lose in 2018
The latest Republican Obamacare repeal is being pushed through the Senate at lightning speed http://read.bi/2fwiQO1  
Vote these deaf dumb and blind boys out. In way over the first grade level. Dump with trump
She's the wicked witch of the East!!! Check out maid lol
The dead one think
Perfect match for orange low brow half baked idle piddling blot who can't keep his fingers off young women. Scrubby ex mistress over hill
We will remember who sold out the citizens of this country
I hope you need health care.
I'm going to stop respecting anyone who puts this POS on the air. At this point, it's just drama like a cheap reality show. It's not news.
@KellyannePolls What a total lie! May be true in your bubble but WE are paying your $179,500 salary & your health ins.
Orange dough brain among real people  of class-washed up mistress  on last face job surgeon gave up on and committed hair kari
Anyone with a function mind can see this plan is not in the best interest of the most vulnerable; if you can't do it right then don't do it.
It's comforting to know there is someone who lies more than Trump.
@KellyannePolls NOTHING BUT ALTERNATIVE FACTS, LADY!
I'm looking forward to the day  when trump is out if the WH & this goofy lying witch has flown away on her broom
Goofy mistress of orange Nazi
Just constant negativity.  How about a proposal?   

There are lives at stake here.
White feeble minded Gestapo marching toward the shi*  pile of history along with Nazi's and those who wear stained yellow sheets of cowards
KAC,a disgusting sellout,a disappointment to her gender and family
It's not Kellyanne Conway, it's Kellyanne Con"job"way.
Hurry! Get your plastic surgery while pre existing conditions are still covered.
Hot air
Disgraceful how the rich can champion a healthcare bill that the middle class can barely afford, and leave the poor without insurance.
Are you sick to give this woman the mic ? What s wrong ?
Shame on all of you. I wish I could see how you explain this to reliant family members who have healthcare now because of Obamacare.
Is it just me or are these people just saying what they want to be true?
Nothing more than an attempt to appease the Base. More B/S from feckless leadership in Congress.
By whom? Definitely not the American people.
Seriously, is there anything you WONT print?  Giving her this platform empowers her absurd editorialism and outright lies
Her saying this actually gives me hope that it will fail. How many truths has she said? 
Doesn't matter what it actually is or does. GOP will claim it's a successful repeal just so they can assert victory & move on. But it's fake
Oh Shit, Here we go again.
You give women in politics a bad name.
STOP giving people like her coverage.
Dude Politico you are starting to suck in your content.
Who asked for advice? Please
Smoke and steam...that's ALL it has!
@KellyannePolls you don't need steam, you need votes
grifter and hateful person posing as christian w/morals and decency
get set up for another loss.wait until the manaford infomation is released no more republican party
Conway is lobbying for coverage of mummification
Don't stare!

#npr #cnn #wsj #HuffPostPol #nyt #WaPo #AP_Politics #foxnews #BBCnews #msnbc
Who believes a thing she says?!
Ha! These people that lie for DJT...
@KellyannePolls: New Obamacare repeal effort 'gaining in support and hot air'
@KellyannePolls u r so full of crap! No one believes you.  How is it possible you are still around?
How will Kelly pay for the next plastic surgery if they take her Obama care away?
Kellyanne Conway is isn't just a *itch, she's also delusional!
You need to use your healthcare benefits.

Putting it in the hands of states, cutting Medicaid, omg it's gonna a nightmare. What happened to insurance for all?
Chemical Peel looks good Kelly. Now stop talking
No. She's a liar.
Say it enough and it might come true, so says Wicked Witch of the West Wing.
Is @KellyannePolls looking like a zombie from #TheWalkingDead considered a pre-existing condition? Asking for a friend
Only 20% of Americans support Republican policies. The other 80% can read and add.
Kellyanne better hope ugly isn't considered a pre-existing condition.
I hope not
"WE'RE GAINING SUPPORT AND STRENGTH" in taking healthcare away from millions and giving tax cuts to the uber-wealthy. WHY is she still here?
The STEAM is coming FROM YOUR ASS LADY - and the excitement is from Lindsey Grahams 'PROBE" finger
You wish gf!!!   Notta
Well, listen to the PINEY jersey redneck who graduated to a gated town that doesn't even let mailpeople in,not caring about the sick
Bullshit!
New name, the same bill. Bullshit!
@kellyannepolls I do NOT want to hear you whine about going to jail. You deserve everything you get for lying every time you open your mouth
Who opened her crypt?

Pls stop showing pics of that horrid looking person 
The Russia probe is heating up. Trump's idiot lawyers are turning on each other now.
Sure it is
This whole group of @GOP sheisters cares nothing for the people of this country. Party over country, $ over both. Digusting & reprehensible
Only in her dreams.
Why do you give @KellyannePolls a forum?  Kind of like spreading fake news, isn't it?
Taking  Healthcare away w no provision for exsisting conditions charging more for seniors 
We want the same coverage that Congress has 
@KellyannePolls do somerging about that eye.  Maybe take off the 5 tons of makeup you put on it
Like appst bad taco wet fart!
Alternative Facts.
Because she's a reliable source who you want speaking for you? #shame #ProtectOurCare
Disgusting.
Oh bullshit...
Of course you have to go to Fox News.  How else is she making news?  A bill to replace obamacare is on the 'brink" of passing.
They're' going to pass ACA repeal if it kills us...
KAC is full of it.
Yes, Satan and his minions are in full support. She is smart enough to know how corrupt and deceitful she is yet continues her dark ways.
Lack of humanity is bad for the skin, I see!
I can listen to Conway and know she has not had a soul for quite some time.
The support has been there how about a replacement?  You know the part that needs real thinking.
Why does Politico continue to report what @KellyannePolls says? She's a professional spinner (liar) incapable of speaking the true facts.
@KellyannePolls u can fool some of the people all the times but  can't fool all the people all the time, shove that repeal where u like it
Just when I think we will never see this crypt keeper, someone lets her back out. Please stop giving her air time.
Then why keep it secret and try to sneak it through when you think no one is paying attention?
Get ready to be screwed America
Steam and support are what her face needs
Boy ,if I look like her I wouldn't allow any1 to take photo of me. What an ugly woman.
@KellyannePolls is shamefully complicit in @realDonaldTrump lies and corruption. MSM needs to stop with her...period. Give her to @FoxNews.
I'm pretty sure her makeup was supplied by Spirit Halloween
impeach the asshole and fire that cow!
She must have found a new #meth dealer
Why are you supporting alternative news mouthpiece?
Quit giving this lying hag a platform! Wtf
Before the mistress of "spin" crawls out of her hole next she needs to know how bad she really looks. A makeover is a must for this witch.
Why do you hate Americans?
More BS from this Trump lunatic
The Peoples Clock=End of UR Todays as well as Vanishing Possibilities of Freedom in UR Future was TICK......TOCK-NOW , tickticktickticktick
@politico Serious question. Why do you continue to interview and repost things that KAC says? She is a liar, adds no substance to the convo.
This isn't news. It's propaganda.
Methamphetamine's a helluva drug.
Why is she talking?
Stop reporting what she says.
Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. @KellyAnnPolls
Oh yeah and she should lay off the Meth.
among a very small group of people...the people who wrote it. Se what she does there. "It could happen" she says...I could will $$$$ but
There ya go America...tRUMP & GOP are adamant about f*^#ing you one way or the other! Need to please their rich backers!!!
Translation: "I'm lying my a$$ off to keep my job".
Liars gonna lie. Cheaters gonna cheat.
Gaining with the few privileged @GOP Senate as it decimates the many poor, handicapped, disabled who will be left without healthcare to die
Why do Trump & GOP want to take our ins so badly? I don't understand, without Ins many of us will die. Maybe that's the what they want
Republicans do something. I doubt it.
She's useless. Don't believe  a word she says. Lying is second nature to her
Steam as in hot air!
Ya right.
She's a jerk
KAC needs sth 2 eat. Lack of nutrients from healthy food choices coupled w anorexia/bulimia can wreak a havoc on brain. Liars don't prosper.
@KellyannePolls lies, spins, supports a man who brags abt assaulting women. I don't care what she says-no credibility just like fake @POTUS
Conway = Uncanny valley.
So she only knows how to lie and put her stinky feet on WH furniture- why do we care what she says?
I wish she was like a  Cicada and not show up for 14 yrs.
Kellyanne is a liar liar pants on fire. Please don't print anything she says anymore. Her sole job is to spread lies for the Conman.
Never seen a group of people so happy that they cn do so much harm to so many citizens. Disgusting.
Looks like the steam hit Conway squarely in the face.
Not with the people of America!
Stop talking to this person. She is a liar.
UGH!! Every time we think she is gone...she pops up with more lies and #ALTERNATIVEFACTS
speaking of steam, someone needs to iron out that wrinkly lying hag.
Cutting Medicaid I don't think so
You have put the insurance companies above public interest!!
Just cant believe in the 21st Century American politicians deny health care to the very people that made them rich. NURMEMBERG!
#Trumpland #ChickenHawk

The Grand Old Duke of York
Marched his men to the top o' the hill
And, he marched them back down again!

#TrumpRICO
Not really, don't change something for changes sake, come out with something that protects the public not the insurance companies.
Why do news sources interview Conway? She'll look at the sun and call it the moon. Conway=propaganda. Nothing more.
They are so proud about getting rid of Obamacare and helping the the rich with tax cut. We are all pawns on a big game and GOP  don't care
Again? Use some on that face
SKANK
Sure let's take healthcare away. GOP afraid trump will back away from them unless they pass it. Throw anything out just to get him back
Yeah, just like you are! Wait until zcBO report comes out!
God Kellyanne go back to your crypt!
Stop giving this retard any airtime or spotlight so America can get a break from the insanity! We get enough LIES and twisted bs from 45!
Keep her off tv please
Ain't gonna happen.
Stop lying to the American people
ACTION ALERT Call your reps! Tell them vote NO on the new Cassidy-Graham "healthcare" bill. Show them the POWER OF THE PEOPLE (202) 224-3121
#propaganda
Go away @KellyannePolls Soon.
The iceberg is just days away come on CBO score!
No. Universal health care.
All forms of media should block Conway.  She is a proven liar.
She need to see Dr in white coat real fast ##mentallysick
@KellyannePolls it's the same old song, just a different group proposal. #nappyheaded
Old Con-way losing support.
It will NOT be a repeal! GOP using  ACA as a base is still O'care. Thank u president Obama for caring about all Americans. You r missed!
SEA HAG
The problem is that these assholes are taking pleasure in denying millions of health care. Whats wrong with this picture?
CONway another grifter
Ms Conway is a very scary looking woman, she should not be doing kill Obama Care comments. Death Panel!
