When do we get a rest from him? Every day is a constant barrage of nothing but evilness. Why when people have/are facing catastrophic events
Bcuz he's a troll, can't handle losing so'll punish all ppl who protested & won't stop pushing 2 get his way.Wht Ryan & McConnell wnt also
What is wrong with you Republicans, Senator? @lindseyGrahamsc? Wasn't it made clear to you the Peoplewant to keep their health care?
@LindseyGrahamSC The R Party is beyond evil. Every single day those a-holes mess w the public one way or another. #MentalCases 
@LindseyGrahamSC Stabilize the damaged ACA markets.
Entire country wants an affordable plan. This is a good thing. Give the man credit for his commitment to he people.
His commitment is to himself and destroying ANYTHING Barack Obama instituted. This isn't on the job training, see where that got us?
Affordable care is not affordable. This is not about your hate for the man it is about suffering. Put the hate away for another day.
Fix what needs fixing. It's not perfect, but it's not all you try to say either. Some experiences do not =all. Why doesn't he ask for a fix?
2/2 The why is because it's Obama. tRump ran to destroy not build. He might build inanimate objects, knows nothing about people building.
You are babbling propaganda. Silly nonsense.  Obama care has taken 4 billion from Fred and Fan per year. Not sustainable.

when will GOP realize he's setting them up for failure? tax reform,  DACA, healthcare, all at once- impossible to succeed.
Yeah, then after that it will be one more, and after that one more, and after that...suck it up snowflake - you lost that one, get over it!
REPEAL AND REPLACE POTUS AND VP instead!
Move to Germany don't revoke your citizenship and don't come back.
Ed Burg, that's definitely what YOU should do and take Drumpf and his ilk along with you.
bye bye felicia!
Tell em Trump!!! Get something done you obstructionist, you work for us, you  seem to have forgotten this!!!
Annndddd, we're back to that

I don't understand why the bipartisan proposal from the Problem Solvers Caucus is ignored. Does anyone know why?
No. I will have to research that myself.
@SenateGOP Trump's giving u another chance to accomplish this. I suggest u do it bcuz my inbox has 3 seprate grps asking 4 viable replacemnt
Thank you for working with POTUS on Obamacare replacement! I'm pleased with your efforts! Continue to work with POTUS!
 Just stay down, Donny!
#RepealAndReplaceTrump 
       #TrumpTrainWreck
Trump doesn't care about Affordable health care. He'll get it for free in prison..
Go Jump in the OCEAN Jerk!
Hey change Obama care to Trump care & make it fabulous for everyone! If it has his name on it maybe ha would CARE! Like Trump tower!
Is Trump for real

He's like a gambling addict who just won't leave the table
loss after loss after loss after loss after loss after loss after loss after loss

Give it up Donny, you lost this one. Haven't you created enough drama this week? Your party control all 3 branches yet still can't function.
Trump wants- Teump wants- what about what WE want!
.idiot @POTUS

Really????  P
@realDonaldTrump if you weren't trying to kill so many people, the @SenateGOP might be able to pass some kinda of Replacement or Amendment..
Sure, after all what else does Congress have to get done in the short time left in this term?
Maybe the 77th time will be the charm
Well, DJT should want in his one hand and take a  in the other and see which one fills up first. Congress should ONLY focus on #DefendDACA
Or what ? He will shut down the dysfunctional republican govt until he gets middle class to bay his bank loans ? Fuck trump.
Reps are the only dysfunctional ones. Dems are too. ACA isn't going anywhere. Reps might talk of repeal but n their hearts they love it.
I'm sure he wants to be remembered as a Great president also, but it's not going to happen
I don't know what to believe anymore but I know one thing Politico is fake news not my choice of a news source

Good grief! I suppose we should st least applause his epic, but totally misguided, persistence. He's like a dog with a bone
Because that's more important than Hurricanes, Wildfires and DACA.
A fool does not know when he's beaten.
Single payer system and cap the costs for healthcare. That would work. You guys just don't want to give healthcare to the working classes.
I'm not one for giving the fed gov more power over my life than they already have.
Well if DACA is so damn important ...why don't you fix HEALTHCARE FOR AMERICANS!!!   WTF?
Seriously with this again?
I think Congress said that ship had sailed!!!!!!
Washington knee deep with swamp dwellers, it will never happen with the Washington elitist
This isn't even a story...

Classic!
Again...Just talking points for the base....No chance of this...
This guy!
He has no idea how this works does he? They don't have time this season for all this nonsense
This will end with other legislation action.
Give it up. Never going to happen
But we loves those Washington swamp dwellers
Wont happen.
Many of the reps campaigned to appeal then voted no. Reps need to keep their word!! They critize Trump but he has kept his promises!!
Daylight is wasting....almost to late now for 2018 premiums..
Blackmail maybe???? #DACA in exchange for #REPEAL
This is where he may offer a nice compromise on DACA.
What is Trump actually doing to move this forward, Sitting and ordering people around? Then take the credit.?

I want a unicorn.
And we'll keep fighting
Hope @POTUS  rescind Congress exemption to ACA, IF, they do not act on this failed legislation!
Definition of insanity....
This again. The answer is NO Donnie
You bet, Washington loves taking care of their lobbyist, and special interest
A glutton for punishment.
Too late Mr Trump
