Sen. John McCain addresses the Senate a week after being diagnosed with brain cancer http://cnn.it/2h08GZ8  
~ All I heard was more of the same  as always. Let's trade healthcare plans, Fraud!! #OneLawForMeOneLawForThee
I'm old enough to remember when Republicans mocked speeches they claimed wouldn't be backed up by actions.
Was a great speech. my taxes pay for his health care. He votes to take mine away. Under the circumstances I could have done without  speech.
Fuck that guy
We are listening.  You and Johnny -boy will be voted out soon.
Apparently, though, @SenJohnMcCain wasn't listening to himself when he did opposite of what he said. Hollow words, no impact. Disappointing.
Senator. Sessions is indeed a great man. But he needs to investigate the Clintons.  We can't have a different law for politicians.
To bad his actions later that night didn't reflect his words.
It's a shame America elects Maury povich instead of electing Decent Americans like MacCain
Decent? Bahaha!
The real person who was amazing was the hawaii senator that is battling cancer, didnt put on big stupid show, voted against republican bill
Read what McCain's commanding officer & POW, Colonel Ted Guy as well as fellow military personnel have to say about McCain. He is NO hero!
When your battling for your life you should be able to concentrate on getting well not worrying if you can get medical care & going bankrupt
Amen!! Thank you!!
Oh, we were. We heard a man first vote to rip health care from millions and then decry the process that led to his affirmative vote.
Both you RINO'S Stink. Please resign!.
@realDonaldTrump That speech was about the only standup thing that man has done his entire adult life. Come down off the soap box.
There's nothing "amazing" about any of you greedy, incompetent fiends.
When #TedKennedy was dying of #cancer, he dragged himself to the Senate floor to be sure others had #healthcare.
And John dragged himself in to take away 22,000,000 persons Healthcare. A republican to his heart. Cruel!
I was listening, and the speech resonated. Too bad he didn't back it up with his actual votes!
I hope the prez was watching . He should be asham d what he said about Sen McCain , he is s a hero
Great speech, Great Man!
He's helping @GOP take away the American people's healthcare after we paid for his. #NoHero
I hope he meant it & will continue to say the same to his PARTY. MAYBE HIS DRS GOT THE REAL WORD TO HIM FACE TO FACE (while under a sheet)
Hell, he was not even listening to himself or he would not have voted for MTP.
But you still voted to debate a bill that was withheld from the public's view. Millions will lose coverage. How can you do that? #FixACA
It would be nice if Congress listened. Trump.is insane & the majority of the US is frightened. Does anyone in Congress care?
He is crazy cray
Maybe an amazing man but his legacy and my memory of this moment isn't that if praise. Your party sucks
They have no shame at all.
They are actually a very mean party. I can't believe anyone who isn't making $250,000 or more voted for the @gop and @realDonaldTrump
I know. 2018 is coming. Nasty men who hate everyone who is not ricb.
Not impressed.
R u listening to merica? Guess the ignorant peasants just don't understand the virtue of giving away the nation for your political career.
We heard his vote. His speech meant nothing.
His speech was everything. If you truly listened to it. Who doesn't want more bi-partisan politics. That's how it was suppose to work
They voted to debate hc, this speech may indicate that after debate he will vote no if not bipartisan  (we can hope anyway)
But he voted yes anyways. It's a meaningless speech without action.
We are all entitled to an opinion, your opinion  on McCain the  traitor doesn't mean anything to the majority of Trump Voters.
He's not in danger of losing his health care, is he?
Apparently he wasn't listening to himself.
Hope the Liberals get the message from a man that has dying
Why did you not KILL THE BILL???
Lost my respect today. Party over country. Remembered for vote . Not the speech.
Yes, Democrats get on board! Vote with us and make cancer survivors uninsurable in exchange for tax breaks most will never see! Bipartisan!
Apparently not. U voted to strip healthcare from the very people U are supposed to be working for and protecting. #SHAMEFULTIMETOBEAMERICAN
So. Follow his lead and start working w/Dems on a bipartisan fix. Can you do that?
And, he advised strongly: "Stop listening to the bombastic loudmouths on the television, radio and Internet. The hell with them!"
Would someone please take the high road here and figure out how to craft and pass a bill from the middle!
I like John McCain. I'm glad that he has better healthcare than you guys are trying to pawn off on the rest of us
May his humility rub off on the President and the members of Congress who seem to forget the sick, poor, and hungry beckoned by Liberty
Yer killin' me!
He still allowed a plan to go forward that hurts many Americans. Tho  I appreciate his comments on the exec branch.
@SenJohnMcCain is an amazing man. Still, I wish he (and you, Senator) had voted "nay". And now we have to worry about recess appointments?
GO HOME TAKE LINDSEY WITH YOU.
yes, we Gamecocks up here in NY heard it, and loved it.  Thank you Senator for your message
The most important part was HIS RIPPING GOP A NEW ONE OVER ITS EXTREME PARTISANSHIP ...
Speeches don't save lives. Medical care provided by the ACA does. Do the right thing and protect your constituents.
We're listening but, as my mom always said, "action speak louder than words". Show us what cha' got!
Don't stand with the Bully in the WH, PLEASE!
I'm hoping that "both" of you stand up for the better good of "all" citizens. Do the right thing Lindsey
A NO vote would have spoke volumes Senators
Did you listen?  Will you follow his lead, or Trump's? Are you proud of what your party has done to/with the Senate?
Oh, I thought it was a beautiful speech, all the more for being true. No better cure for extremism than moderation.
I'm just wondering if it fell on deaf ears...
Well, the GOP has Graham, Rubio, Sasse, Portman, and (we'll likely disagree on this) Toomey, so I feel like a few people probably heard it.
Ah yes - I fondly remember the bipartisan @SenateMajLdr - he did his best to promote bipartisanship
Is John McChain war hero? yes! Absolutely However he is a horrible politician with very bad records once who helped  the ISIS terrorists!
And McCain said to the man with pre-existing conditions, "Where you see only one set of footprints, there is where I left you behind."
You are great at preaching bipartisan, but constantly calling democrats "obstructionists" is not bridge-building
I agree. An excellent speech. Could a cancer diagnosis give someone a renewed perspective?
Get and stay onboard or u r out. sc resident. Leave with dignity.
But he denies healthcare to millions with his actions today.
John McCain, stated word for word, what I want my government to be like,  and what I want America to return to, that beacon on a hill.
Inspiring and amazing but who's working to improve the ACA instead of killing it all? NO ONE! #KeepKidsCovered  #saveourseniors
McCain has no honor left. #traitors
were you? We need you to fill the moderate void ! I believe from all discussions with others we are a moderate nation
I m sorry he is ill but the two of you have sold out we the American people and we will not forget! We want you Soros funded Senators out!
I was and it was amazing.  I'm a D and I love John McCain he is a true American hero.
Nope. I was too angry dealing with fact rich white men are determined to take healthcare away from millions of fellow Americans. FU @GOP
Your opinion of others counts for nothing. Sessions is another of your 'amazing' friends.
Yes amazing. Country over party is the way to go  Thank you
Moving forward with taking healthcare away from millions of Americans is not amazing or admirable. Sad day for constituents
Regret not voting for him ! But had he not chosen Sarah plain and chosen Joe instead he had me .. and million others .
You'll all be fighting like hens debating whatever repeal you have in mind by tomorrow..
First he gave us the national embarrassment known as Palin, then he fell in line for Trump, now this!
We did...we heard you put a ridiculous plan in place. You should be ashamed.
FIX THE ACA!!
Thanks goodness he has great health coverage. Unlike the rest of the population after you and other republicans screw us.
i wish the president would.
"Mavericks" by reputation only. When was the last time you didn't vote the party line?
Yet he and you both voted to further a secret plan to dump 20 million people off of health care. Shame on you both.
Just an incredible man.  The week's craziness and tweets, washed away in 60 seconds...
We hope @SenJohnMcCain WALKS his talk and #VoteNO on #Killercare
You are g a r b a g e
We hope you did too.... WORK FOR THE PEOPLE WHO PUT YOU THERE. Or did you vote to take away my insurance?
Nope.
Hypocritical speech. It's not what you say, it's what you do, and today you and McCain put the repugnant party ahead of Americans.
You are all talk Lindsey. And, at the end of the day, you ALWAYS support Trump and choose party over country.
Listening. Of course. But he could've made this easier by voting "no". My spouse who is on ACA & has ovarian cancer is not amused. Me either
#
I hope you will follow in reconciliation between parties.  Compromise is wonderful, winner take all is a disaster.
I hope you were listening. It's not about winning! It's not about dissing Obamacare. It's about DELIBERATIVELY and DELIBERATELYcaring.
If you were listening you'd never vote to repeal or replace ACA.  Be a Conservative and act with caution.
Sorry Senator, w/the most respect I can muster, no was was listening...they couldn't hear over the thunderous BULLSHIT @SenJohnMcCain spewed
The American people do not want this, yet your party turns its back on its voters. You'll see the effects of this next year! #2018
I was pissed that neither him nor you voted NO
Actions speak louder than words-and he has good healthcare. To scared to listen. I have Cancer too.
@CNN - Lindsey Graham & John McCain are war criminals and terrorist sponsors. #Libya #Syria #Ukraine
sadly he's voting against Obamacare - that is not remotely ok! He will deprive millions of the kind of treatment he's been able to access.
I disagree with both of you on most issues but I appreciate your civility, intelligence and concern for the American people. Gentalmen both.
Please.
I agree. Pls keep an eye on Trump. He is unhinged
My hope as well!
U should support the president in this way.
I heard talk one thing and walk another. He's about done, life wise. He better hope there is no God.
You blindly support the mafia in the Whitehouse.  Thought you had a pair of balls but apparently not!YOU are as complicit as the rest! Shame
@JohnMcCain  is an amazing man.  So are you. Why do you both keep voting against the best interest  of the nation?
I hope you were listening. Sometimes I think you get it, sometimes I think you capitulate. Please keep speaking truth to (trump) power.
Great man, great speech. Your silence on @POTUS indecency and corruption is deafening. Same guy said @SenJohnMcCain not a hero. Stand up!!!
Loud & clear as you both voted to help take health care away from millions. Collins and Murkowski are the only ones with any guts in the GOP
Not really. Normally your ability to perform your job would be questioned if you showed up like this. #SaveACA John McCain #SaveTheACA
Seen. Graham I hope the President was listening.  Unfortunately I doubt it would  since the only person he is concerned about is himself.
Yep, he re-calibrated the Senate this afternoon.  It felt good. Let it resonate.
His words were great, if only his actions spoke as loudly.
GOP plan: take away ACA minimum requirement to include covered annual checkup-how many brain tumors will go undiagnosed until it's too late?
I agree, and I hope that you will stand with him against a harmful healthcare bill.
Talk is cheap. Votes count. Both of you voted to take away my family's health ins. to give your family a tax cut. And exempted yourselves.
.@SenJohnMcCain Both of you living in a delusional fantasy world of noble speeches & hard decisions. While we pay your salary & suffer. FU!
We know you love him. We know that @SenJohnMcCain is the love of your life. Too bad that you don't love the American people as much.
Your overlords told you in no uncertain terms your money would be shutoff if you didn't vote to kill Americans.
Nice speech. Too bad he fucked it up with his vote.
We were listening- but we want action, not words. How can man whose wellness exam discovered tumor deny opport. for wellness exam to all US?
@SenatorCollins & @lisamurkowski were the most amazing-ACTIONS speak louder than words. They spoke from their hearts for their constituents.
Another...repubs giving in to Dems. 
Democrats LOST THE ELECTION. 
The people voted for repeal of ACA. Now get on with it.
Now show some leadership and fight the liberals on this Russian bull she!t. Support Trump; stop trying to start another Cold War
I listened. But. Telling you right now until you stand up for our President you and repubs have lost my confidence.
I think we were all still deafened by the hypocrisy of his vote. ESP when its contrasted to his speech.
You and Sen.MacCain were 2 of the very few Rs I have had respect for.No more.The hypocrisy is just stunning!
I hope @lisamurkowski & @SenatorCollins R ashamed that their REFUSAL 2 vote 2 DEBATE forced McCain to risk health 2 return 2 vote. Shameful
All I heard is he's been in senate for 40 years, time to retire like most of you career politicians
I hoped my Senators were listening.
I hope they have the courage to protect vulnerable South Carolinians.
We were listening. And...we'll be watching to see if you do anything more than provide it lip service-which you're so very good at.
In Texas, we call this "all hat, no cattle". He should have put his vote where his mouth is. You & McCain love to talk tough, but no action.
I also hope you - Lindsey - see the difference between an honorable man discussing differences, and the dishonorable @POTUS extorting us.
I listened. He spoke from the heart. I also agree with him.
So much about his speech was true - I just wish that the #Senate would work in bipartisan fashion as a rule, not as the exception.
Your and idot, and a coward . SC 2018
term limits
he's a Hypocritic. As are you. You are a threat to this countries ideologies and its foundation.
Neither of you are amazing men anymore.

You're advocating "Death to America."

I hope Trump was worth your country & legacy.
Now he can go back to his hospital suite and the rest of us can go to hell . Right ?
Hopefully the POTUS was listening, right?
I wasn't. U & McCain (thank y'all 4 ur service) do not have the trust of conservatives. U are known establishment RINOs. PLZ Retire.
Your votes to proceed on this abomination of a bill are disgusting. Any respect I had for you both is gone
I totally agree great man, so please do something to stop the hate and lies coming from the WH
You guys really can't suck enough.
he voted for something terrible for americans.  i'm heartbroken, you and he were my favorites.  i think we need to see other people now.
So what??
IT WAS A GREAT SPEECH ABOUT ESSENTIAL PRINCIPLES OF AMERICAN GOVERNANCE. SENATOR,WHY ARE U FOR A BILL SENATOR MCCAIN IS SO OPPOSED TO!
Any praise for Sen. McCain is unfounded after his horrific vote to strip millions of healthcare. Lucky for him his wife is a beer heiress$$$
I may not have always agreed with you two but on this I'm with you 100%
Who cares! He voted Yes!  After the people's taxes pays for his health care.
We heard his vote



Agreed!  He makes us all proud to be Americans.
I'm listening. I am appalled at what you did today. Enjoy your money. It don't spend in hell.
Then don't pass McConnells death sentence
Yes it truly was
I was.  And I'm glad I did.
We listened to you bastards vote to shaft the American people. Damned hypocrites.
I hope you listened!
Finally an "equal" or even a superior to Trump.
He got his health care but wants to destroy ours. No respect. No words. Disappointed, dismayed and disgruntled
@CNN severely disappointed in John voting to get rid of healthcare for millions while HE is utilizing cancer treatment.
No. Sorry. You and he and GOP Senate do not get to claim greatness. Not today. No.
Amazing speech by amazing hero!
...and then he went and let the American people down.  Could have been a real moment. Ashame.  @SenJohnMcCain
We listened and agree but pls listen to America they HATE senate and house healthcare bills. They are cruel inhumane and barbaric!!!!! Stop
You 2 are the same. You will say the right thing for media attention but never DO the right thing. You are a fraud just like your sexuality
#actionsspeaklouderthanwords his speech feel on my deaf ears.
None of you are amazing, unless you mean amazingly heartless and evil.
BOTH OF YOU ARE TRAITORS ONLY DIFFERENCE MCCAIN WAS TRIED AND CONVICTED
Put your pants back on.
You have just sentenced millions to suffer and go bankrupt. You were supposed to serve the public - you only serve Trump.
As an independent this is exactly the message WE all needed to hear --WE were listening!! Was all of congress?? Thank you! @SenJohnMcCain
It was an amazing speech for a country who cares enough about its citizens to provide healthcare for them. Unfortunately, not our country.
