
Oh, another reason to not watch Fox. Enjoy playing the role of buttroid for Trump...terribly sad I will miss you making an ass of ur self
After commercial get out of politics.  Your family doesn't even agree with u
With all the media you do, how do you get any work done?  Course now that I think about it.  I hope you don't.
You receive Free Healthcare... yet you allow a Prez to withdraw money from the HC system in order to brankrupt it. What's worse. Sitting on the sideline enjoying free benefits or watching a maniac taking medicine away from children and sick patients. Let them eat cake???
You #GOP wanted to get elected so made bad promises ( stupid) deal with it. have passed any bills yet?
Here is an idea Graham, interject some honesty&speak to the GOP & trump (who you are queer for)&the sabotaging of ACA for political purposes
Stop it with the nastiness. No need for comments like that regardless if you disagree with the man. You stoop to Trump's level.
Won't happen unless Graham stops playing party politics&politics of retribution & directs his efforts to what is beneficial to our country
You are Shameless.
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC did u happen to catch your pal @SenJohnMcCain on TV last night? FYI ...That’s what backbone and principles look like !
falling into anarchy would decide forever the destinies of mankind, and seal the political heresy that man is incapable of self government
Wow. What happened to you? If you give Trumpers had he promised them, you’ll be destroying their lives and families.
Keep your promises. You and McCain stop with the budget. STOP
Did you tell him how much you loved golfing w/Trump while new Gold Star families sobbed in grief for the loss of four Green Beret? #SHAME
Remember this?  Country before party.  Stop worrying about re-election &do what is right.  Trump is bad for America-Allies don’t trust him

Your own family doesn't agree with you.
How about letting us know when you'll be flying around the country on Air Force One with Trump instead of doing you job.
Wow no congrats to your best friend John McCain? I guess kissing the ass of the Orange Dotard is what you’re about now. Shame on you!
What’s going on with those sanctions against Russia? Have they disappeared *poof* into the wind?
Yes, yes you do.
I don't deserve it. But he & his GOPers do! @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Can't face a REAL news anchor, can you Lindsey?
Lol who is a “real” news anchor? What defines “real”
Well you're not.  You're a bot. @Twitter
What is it going to take to get this moron out of the white house? #25amendmentnow
Please investigate!
Russian bribery plot uncovered before Obama approved nuke deal with Moscow... http://bit.ly/2zuQwE5 
Will you be speaking out against 45's Muslim ban?  #NoMuslimBanEver #FirstAmendment #DoYourJob
Wouldn’t you rather golf With don the con whilst America is losing all credibility, insurance and lives.
Does it become true becuz u repeat it? ACA is not a failure.u have refused to fund it. We’re not stupid. U r more like DT every day! Liar!
Your Good Friend John McCain was honored last night and indeed deserved this recognition. yet DT Bully's Gays, uses inappropriate jokes Abt gays, and hired a Gay Hater to be our VP... He has violated the Oath of Office... That is A Crime!!! Johns a Hero and DT is detestable.
Obama care didn't fail, it was sabotaged! You are complicit in this and if tax reform benefits the rich and not those who need it, complicit
What has happened to you Sen.Graham. Have you lost your love of country & are you becoming a half-baked nationalist? John McCain is a hero.
So
You know Prez is a crazy pathological liar.  You will lose your political career.  There is no place for you in the Trump Organization.
Sooo angry. Always had respect even though didn't agree with policies. The GOLF GAME did it. ( You know he's crazy)!
You are such an embarrassment. TV show after TV show after TV show. In case you missed the memo Congress is in session right now. Go to work
I want a Benghazi type investigation into the deaths of the four Green Berets killed in Niger!!! NOW!!!
You have no credibility left Lindsey Graham. I used to really like you. Signed, A lifelong Democrat.
Shut up & get back to work!
Repubs will lose primaries but TRUMP will not lose Congress
If agenda not passed Trump will still get re-elected due to his deregulation it will make more rustbelt red. And others states will go red
Fake News Network
NO RESPECT!!!!!!!!!
Lindsey in fake Fox News again
You keep saying Iran is the number one sponsor of Terror? Wouldn't that spot be held by Saudi Arabia? Please explain
Also- can you please let our constituents know if you paid for you round of golf at trumps place or if you made us do it for you too
Not sure how you golf with a man who disrespected one of your best friends who has cancer. Nice loyalty.
Lindsey Graham is all over the place with his political philosophy.
Have a town hall at Clemson, or USC !

See if your comedy act works this time.
I once believed in you.  Not any more!
Please do something
@GOP complicit treason,danger nukes, inciting racist NRA domestic terrorism, sabotaging ACA, corrupt lying #NoConfirmations #nullify2016

Maybe you should be working harder on the floor of Congress instead of plastering your face on TV shows everywhere, saying and doing nothing
Sen. Graham.
Congress passed, and Trump signed the Russia-Sanctions bill.
But he's refusing to execute it.
That's illegal and impeachable.
Who cares?
After this commercial break, this happened 
U sound like Bannon lately. Urging McConnell/GOP to pass tax bill that hurts states that pay most, takes $ from Medicare/caid, + $ to rich
No refuse to listen to you!
Enough...why do you keep cozying up to Trump. After press briefing today, slander, lies, ego...disgusting.  Impeachment.....before too late.
Only #TrumpCultists watch #FauxNooz. What's up with those loafers anyway?
Be sure to discuss the lying idiot we have in the WH - and how to get this idiot out
Do you still have Trumps nuts in your mouth COWARD history is going to show how afraid you were of the con man in the Oval Office
I would rather watch the commercial
Traitors
Instead of making the news rounds, how about doing something in Congress like your job.  Oh wait, too busy golfing w/your new BFF Trump.
He is kissing ass because Trump put him in a tight spot . He is the cause of him being up for reelection November of 2018, right ? #Suckup

So.... when are you going to come talk to constituents about the changes coming to our healthcare? We need leadership and you've been MIA.

If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
Do you sincerely stand by this man Trump? If so, you are also suffering from dementia. This is horrific. #RoseGarden #25thAmendmentNow
More self promotion and no action... Americans are dying in Puerto Rico and California... Start there!
Informative interview and honest assessment of where we need to be.Listening now there appear to be #betterdaysahead.
Speaking with Faulkner on FAKE NEWS. Get it right, Graham.
How was golfing with the #ClownInTheWhiteHouse
Riveting, I'm sure 
Stop lying
OMG You think you're dead if you don't pass tax break for your donors? You're dead no matter what you do you dumbbutt.
The CHIP funding Senator. Any news for the appox. 80,000 SC children that will be without coverage Jan. 1, 2018 if Congress does not act?
Preaching to the choir.
Speaking or Lying? I know they are synonymous with the GOP lately.
@LindseyGrahamSC at his best today, must see. Logical, informed, realistic, straight forward.  Very well conducted interview @HARRISFAULKNER
Active Measure ?
Pakistan recently cooperated w/the U.S., why? Consider there may be a link between the Pakistani Awan family spy ring & the ISI. @POTUS
Trump and bannon are the 2 most dangerous threat to the American way of life and stability of country
Sen G thank you for your cogent and informative messageretired sch psychologist in Va!!
U need to worry about bannon I think he will run for president but u should check out his affiliation with Russia
UNETHICAL PIECE OF SH^T!
2017 has been a great year for you. Glad to hear Graham Cassidy isn’t dead.

IDIOT PIECE OF SH^T!
By way Lindsey..Your brothers have already disintegrated.2018 will see how bad..no way to save old guard...only losers going fwrd Lawmakers
QUIET U PIECE OF SH^T!
Why don’t you talk about not supporting @Potus?  And your Hillary connections?
Hey Graham what about the other 300 bills...judges, U keep forgetting how bad this 2017 Senate really is for US citizens
to get stuff done. 
American's see how hard he's working he won't have any problem winning re-election Reps will
He won't be blamed u will
That is exactly what I said.
So disappointed in you. I respected you but no more. Just like the rest of the lemurs.
Really like the use of  “lemurs”....well chosen indeed!
You're whole Trump shot a 73 thing was pretty shameful.
You are @realDonaldTrump's bitch. The more you support him, the more likely he will take you down with him. SAD.
Mr. Graham with all due respect,I don’t believe our President is in jeopardy if taxes and O nevercared aren’t done;I just think you guys are
FOXNews is so old, it’s so yesterday get onto some real news outlets
Like which...CNN, CSNBC, CBS,NBC,ABC??? 
And how's that tax cut for the rich going to do for 99% of the population? Oh yeah, CRICKETS! #therichgetricher #trumpagenda
Haven’t u become the publicity hound. Keep it up & you’ll be al ost as obnoxious as your buddy trump.
Comedy central?
How come your bill to protect Mueller has stalled?  Wouldn't have anything to do with golf would it?  Gonna talk about that?
That's too bad.
just curious: when did you begin pimping your publicity on twitter?

Enough with the propaganda network!
You mean #FakeNews #fakefor a #FakePresident
Read my last tweets to Charles Payne... about Iranian deal... this so wrong by Obama

Traitor.

