Trump condemns white supremacists after violence in Charlottesville http://washex.am/2vVPMbU  
Sen. Graham, you just said something wise yesterday. I just knew you would balance that out with something ridiculous.
I am referring to the dog whistle in case you missed that.
As well as the complete lack of sincerity.
I call Graham & @gop out last Friday-Sat, & he smugly put me down just after the assault in VA. I'm done, & officially changing. #Traitors.
@SpeakerRyan @GOP @GOPLeader @NancyPelosi @WhipHoyer What is happening to our country???
obama/soros bused in paid 15.00hr rioters to incite violence so blame obama he is responsible for death of 3 and those injuried
Bye bye stupid lady
Brenda bot gets even more absurd on her wall....do you think that it might be lead poisoning?
seriously? Every time I try to respect you u kiss his ass. NOT well done.   He read a statement 3 days later...
We get it you don't like Trump
I'm guessing the riots in Baltimore and Ferguson being  handled so poorly was Trump fault too?
Oh, the intellect level is at new lows I see.
Couldn't agree more. There's no way I'd be dumb enough to wear an Ohio State jersey in public.
Don't own either one lol
No. Well done would have been saying this, of his own volition, immediately. Not being forced to read off a prompter 2 days later.
A responsible leader waits for facts before rushing to judgement. President Trump did the right thing.
We all know that you pushed him in the right direction..thanks Lindsey!
This was unnecessary. You know it was neither timely nor honestly done, your complicity does not go unnoticed.
Gee whiz - - -  only 551 "likes" and over 2600 replies sort of indicate that we think you might be wrong.  
You might want to re-think this.

But then yesterday?
Too little too late
Too late. His views are clear.
And he still has Bannon, Miller, etc. on his staff
WELL MR LINSEY; WE CAN SEND YOU ALL RECORDING FROM DONALD TRUMP INSULTING BLACK PEOPLE, LATINOS, MUSLIN , DURING HIS PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN.

Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka, Bannon, and Steven Miller. #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller 
Are you kidding me??? Well, done? Two days later? Pathetic and disgusting!!
He and Bannon caused it. When do you start impeachment proceedings? Do the right thing for SC and the country. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Oh please. Still pathetically supporting him, eh Senator?
To little to late
NOT at all well done til @POTUS @realDonaldTrump purges white supremacists, @SteveKBannon @SebGorka & Steven Miller from the WH, Senator.
Are U kidding me? This comment makes you an AH! He wouldn't even answer questions! He is a fake President who has White Supremacy in the WH.
And you say, Well Done?

Does this sound condescending to anyone else? 
Oh Lindsay puleeeeeeese!
This is a joke....
Well Done? It took days to pass before corrected. That's not well done, that's just sad.
You are one of the biggest bootlickers I've ever seen. Too bad he waited so long...
Too late Lindsey!' He's deplorable & can't be defended! !Spent weekend w/people that voted for him & they agree he can't be defended! Big!
Well done, my ass. Several days late, many dollars short. Along with zero brain cells. Somebody buy him a clue because he has none.
Pathetic.
Too little too late, to be followed up with more ignorance
He will still turn on you.  This helps you in no way.
????? WTF IS WRONG WITH *YOU*?????
No. He forgot "Alt Right" & "Domestic Terror".
Trump on radical Islamist terror 10/9/16: "To solve a problem, you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least say the name." https://twitter.com/thehill/status/896733346113441792 …
It only took two days and the whole country screaming at him to do it.
Left: POTUS
Right: Senator Graham
You bar for well done is below gutter level, Senator.
That you continue to champion this disgraceful president shows your true character. You'll do anything to get your name on a healthcare bill
It's time for the GOP to choose whether they support murder or not. The GOP owns this mess.
Why are you sucking up to this man. He hates this country.
Are you drunk? Well done would've been firing Bannon, not reading speech meant to appease evangelicals mad at racist ignorant hateful DJT
Not the time for praise!

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
You know he had nothing to do with that speech. Don't be dishonest. It wasn't his idea. Say nothing rather than look like a pawn.
Are you still fantasizing about murdering Ted Cruz ?  #Cruzcrew #Cruz2020
Nope.  Too late, obviously insincere, and with the false equivalency?  Come on, Mr. Graham, have a spine and a sense of justice.
He condemned, not due to any belief or thought, but due to backlash, and you're all 'Well done' because he played politics.
Too little and too late
Come on Senator. Please stand up for America and help censure this racist fake president. Does he represent the Party of Lincoln???
About time...not well done. But whatever you need to tell yourself to keep supporting this ignominious administration. #partyovercountry
He didnot mean it and only made a tw*t out of you. If you are not a #racist them #ImpeachTrump #GOP
This sounds like the praise you'd give a 2 year old for using the big boy potty.
Omg. It took him 3 days! You don't congratulate him.
Way to late and with much pressure.  Meaningless. He needs to go,along with his posse! SICKENING
Too late, the cancer has already metastasized. Remove him.
Are you retiring early? I hope so... in the meantime.... can you tell me who you support? Your people or your nazi regime leader?

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
"Well done"?
He's President of The United States of America! Sen Graham, you were hired to serve the ppl and the constitution, not Trump.
Lmao and 24 hours later he took it back!
@POTUS compares White Supremists and Nazis to the Americans who protest against them. There should be no comparison now or ever
Oh please how long did it take him to do it. So now let's condemn you.
It's NOT well done @LindseyGrahamSC he ONLY did it after he was forced! Trump is not fit to lead our country! 
Yes, that's how he likes his steak. Don't forget the ketchup.

Now about that totally ingenuous speech he was FORCED to make WAY too late...
Well that didn't last long.
LINDSEY WHY.
So what about today Lindsey? Going to be as quick to critique? He's back to both sides.
Too little too late. Get rid of Nazis Bannon, Gorka, Miller - #nofascistusa #impeachtrumppence #charlottesville
RELATION BETWEEN RACISTS IS VERY WELL. WE HAVE NEVER HAD A MORE RACIST CANDIDATE THAN DONALD TRUMP. IT SEEMS THAT TRUMP EASILY FORGETS .
Oh, I get it. You're being sarcastic.
You ought to be ashamed. Not well done at all. Too little too late. #voteout
Had the exact same thought
“@WatchYourRepsSC: @LindseyGrahamSC You ought to be ashamed. Not well done at all. Too little too late. #voteout”
You spoke too soon. How does it feel?
ONLY RACISTS VOTED FOR DONALD TRUMP, SO YOU ARE THE SAME. 
Lindsey, shame on you. If it takes a 71yr.old American,3 days to denounce a Nazi-they get no points.
No sir, everybody does not get a trophy

Well done, like he's a puppy who finally learned how to poop outside. I can't even. 
Incredible how low the standards are for this dipshit
It really highlights how the hypocritical GOP has double standards for Obama & Hillary. It's unforgivable.
After he was told to because he's incapable. #Trumpshouldresign
REALLY, HE HAS YOUR APROVAL? WOW, STOP CRITICISMS AND WRITE THE BILL THAT WILL CONDEM THOSE VIOLENT GROUPS, GO TO WORK LINDSEY GIRL.
All respect but no part of this condemnation was legit, and you know it. It was forced, politically motivated and written for him not by him
You all would have said the same if he made the statement on Saturday. Stop with your faked outrage.
Um, how can my outrage be fake, if it's the way I feel? Wouldn't necessarily have felt the same on Saturday - timeliness is everything.
Omg...he condemned on Saturday. There was much violence. All different reports. He condemned violence and encouraged peace.
OK, I guess we all hear and interpret things differently. At least I think we can all agree that there is no place for Nazi scourge.
Suspect that's a bot account ... or one of those 'group' accounts - read this. 

http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/08/09/twitter-trump-train-maga-echo-chamber-215470 …
Funny, I figured just the same, which is why I stopped engaging. Pathetic.
Well done,as if he's a toddler who just made his first poop in the pottie. Is it well done he said he may pardon Arpaio, /1
too? Trumps words don't mean  and no one was fooled by his belated & underwhelming word vomit. He's a godawful disgrace.
In my neck of the woods this is called a day late and a dollar short.
In my neck of the woods, it's called bullshit. Same same.
Does anyone on tge planet think that reply was his idea as he read it word for word
Just Pence.
And Sessions. But check his wallet for a kkk membership card
Ahhh no. Well done would have condemning it when it happened and calling out the white supremacists! He practically praised them!
If he had said THIS on Sat... The white supremacists who voted for him heard his message then. ...and he still attacks the media. Garbage!
I detect absolutely no sarcasm in that comment.  Sad
Too soon? The media has treated the Neo-Nazis unfairly." -Trump . We have a Nazi sympathizer in the WH. Hello, GOP? Your move.
About today's press conference at Trump Tower. Do something!!
Well done.He spoke of jobs,trade,etcB4 the death of an young woman Murdered by WHITERIGHT!#SHAME ON ALL THOSE WHO REFUSE 2SEE!Carry on.

Give him a candy :)))
Oh for Petes sake! Well done condemning white supremacists 3 days later when it should have taken 3 seconds. U are no better now
Which came later? His condemnation of racism 3 days after #Charlottesville or your ability to compliment him 6 months into his presidency?
When he does something worth complimenting in a timely manner & on his own without needing coerced into doing it. Then I will compliment him
We all know, had this been an Islamic Extremists attack he would have been condemning it by name before the first announcer took a breath.
WAY. TOO. LATE.  And then Arpaio, smdh
Yet this evening he retweets from alt-right leader. 
Your acceptance of this is telling. Shame on you.
Well Done?! Are you serious? It took him 2 days and a mountain of criticism to reluctantly speak against Nazis?!
No. Do not praise this. This is lame and half-hearted two days later. He attacked Merck ASAP for quitting him. This is bullshit.
Seriously? You're more of a clown than I thought. Shame on you. #spineless
You must be joking. This statement came because of pressure from his critics not from his humanity. The Birther in Chief is a racist.
Too late.
Mr Graham please remember that u were NOT elected President 62.5Million ppl r watching u & ur fellow rhinos who campaigned on Repeal&Replace
Trump retweeted an alt-right conspiracy theorist today.  It was a clear signal of where he stands, despite his lukewarm condemnation.
Wow the Trump hater speaks, we know you don't mean it and you will not have conservative support going forward count on it.
@LindseyGrahamSC should not have made his ego any bigger then it is #Resistance
Wait, what are you supporting? That new video of his where he calls people "his enemies?" 

You're still a coward. Coward.
Oh please! It took practically the entire country 2 force him 2 read a speech someone else wrote for him 2 FINALLY condemn hate groups!
White supremacists and Nazis are a big part of DT's core base. And why are Nazis allowed to go to rallies in military gear w loaded weapons?
@dcexaminer Make him hold a press conference.
How about his comments today?
Trump's problem is he believes he better and smarter then anyone else and the white supremacists should on yop
Top
trump are best man and best president in american and world history.respect mr.president.
do not praise his for this. it took too long and it was forced.
"Well done?"
If you are not outraged, you have not been paying attention.  #HeatherHayer
Not really well done.  Too little, too late and disingenuous.  Bad! Sad!
Really I mean really. It's been days! I thought I could count on you! No better than him!
It took almost 48 hours of intense media and political pressure for @POTUS to say "Nazis are bad."
U r so full of crap. Holding on for all your worth but decent folk have your number. Seeking to inherit the wind, eh?
Holy smokes, Just. Keeps. Getting. A. Little. More. Sickening. Everyday.
A little late and insincere. For a man who is so vocal, he had to read this bec it's not in his heart. Watch his policies which align w/them
This response is sheepish, cowardly, pathetic. SC deserves better.
Oh no. When someone has to give you ALL the answers to the retest it doesn't count. He shames us.
Two days later?! Why did he have to be told to condemn the racism and violence?
You spoke too soon. Use the 25th & get us out of this.
I think you know better, Senator Graham.
@realDonaldTrump I would like to support my president but his actions do not match these words!
I know you feel horrible now.
About time, don't you think?
Care to revise your tweet now, Senator?
But would he have done it if the whole country hadn't told him to and why is that what it took? Nothing to boast about sir
yes.. days later, and only because public opinion forced him to.. now: may pardon Arpaio?  actions much louder than forced words.
This is your party! Shameful and bigoted.
Well done?! Are you serious?!!! #IMPOTUS said too late and too little. His words ring hollow.

#25thAmendment 
#TrumpRussia 
#TrumpNazi

SOS
No. Just no. Jeff Merkley's response speaks for this SC resident.
.@realDonaldTrump gets no credit for finally, under duress, meeting very low bar of denouncing Nazis. Actions speak louder than words…
Have you seen his tweets since then Senator?
Stop talking and do something.  You claim to care about this country?  Well your party is currently headed by a Nazi sympathizer, prove it.
Sure...done like a hostage being forced to read a letter.
Better late than never...could it be the new Gallup poll?  Suggestion to DJT - call a spade a spade. It was terrorism.
You really think this is the position to take when even @SpeakerRyan & @marcorubio are questioning it? Isnt Trump a liability now?
GRAHAM did you know there were bus loads of rioters paid for by obama/soros 15.00hr to incite violence blame obama
Should have been sooner
just when i start to like you.
The words on Trumps lips can't change the hatred in his heart. He is a racist, and a white supremacist, and you know it, Lindsey Graham.
This is #fakenews. I wonder what force made him read the speech written for him. No sincerity at all
Too little too late. When your advisers have to shame you into doing the right thing, it's called "doing the wrong thing." Stop defending it
Common man, he read that like he was Patty Hurst at a bank robbery and 2 days too late. Stop lowering the bar for this assclown. Country 1st
*wondering if you just saw the presidents presser*

YO LINDSEY, YOU UP!
Senator, you know I love you more than pie, but...no.  His remarks were about two days too late.  He should have said this on Saturday.
Love the Sen as well, but he's wrong. Not well done at all. Two days late, forced, not on his own will, and read. Not at all from his heart.
A bit late, we know where his heart is. And if Lindsay thinks trump deserves a cookie for this then Graham is part of the problem to
Well done?  To little too late!  Had to be dragged out of him.  His condemnation at this point is worthless, false.
No Lindsey, NOT well done. My goodness he had to be made to say these things. And as usual this man had to pay himself on the back!
Really?  He had to be forced to say it days later
lol
And now what do you have to say? #WeDeserveBetter
It was well done when he said all he did not need to name each hate group individually all meant all there was more then 1 group there
He better not be done time to clean the west wing.
Who promised him a ride in another big truck and two scoops of ice cream if he didn't deviate from the teleprompter? #Impeach45
Oh @LindseyGrahamSC, I was just starting to like you. #BacktoSquareOne #PanderingisNotAGoodLook
Sorry It would have possibly deserved a well done two days ago. Today was forced &not genuine. Look at his policies and tweets. #character
@dcexaminer are you kidding? well done?
Well done ??????!!!!!! Are you kidding? No , not well done !! He showed his true colors and allegiance and proved, ONCE AGAIN,  he should go
3 days late
Oh good god Senator. If Obama would have done the same thing you would have talked for 3 weeks how he degraded the office and can't lead!
A few days late Lindsey.
Yeah still think so
Come on @LindseyGrahamSC. Way too little, way to late! Stand up to the big business bully @realDonaldTrump. He's completely unfit 2 be POTUS
If sloppy, late, and insincere is well done, then yes.
Really? You better ck his Twitter account! You have proven over & over you are the same as Trump.
#GOP the party of hate!
Tad bit too late to redeem a semblance of positive action.  Especially when his own PARTY shamed him! #ShameShameShame
He condemned VIOLENCE by white supremacists -- and he did not disavow their support
Really? I respect you on many things – but you know that this came way too late and only because of the criticism.
Get your balls out Lindsey - Impeach him before he blows up the world.
Like when a potty training toddler gets kinda close to the toilet?
Too bad he didn't say "don't protest in support of me, I don't want your support and don't wear MAGA articles while you are protesting".
Only after 3 days of intense pressure
Shouldn't you be asking him what took so long?
Like he is a 2 year old toddler.  What has the GOP unleashed on the United States of America?  A cartoon President we despise. #TrumpRussia
Indeed. Thank you, @realDonaldTrump #Presidential
Lindsey...stop.
@dcexaminer you're in denial, Lindsay
Ummm...not so much, sir.
What do you say now, Senator ? He stands behind his first comments. There are only two he never speaks against--white supremacists & Putin.
Don't debase yourself by praising him. It's like complimenting a toddler for eating their vegetables after a parental berating.
Way late Mr Graham. Had to be told like a child to do it. Now give him his cookie.
BS, smoke up every ones tailpipes!
Not well done at all.  He should have immediately condemned these Nazis.  Period.
It took him TWO DAYS to say this. Two days is two days too late.
No praise should be given for a response that took 36 hours and much hemming and hawing.
Lindsey Graham I expected more from you.
Yes, let's say "good boy" when it takes 3 mins for him to condemn Merck CEO, and 3 days for a scripted condemnation of hatred and bigotry.
LG. Your a flipping puppet and a fair weather drone
We shouldn't have to give credit to pres. for common decency, we should expect it, always. And timing is key for a leader. This is a shame
And now that he refuses to read his prepared statement?
@dcexaminer bullshit. The 72 hr delay says it all.
