Fix it then stop trying to please the big donors
@LindseyGrahamSC ACA is working. You saw constituents protesting because they were horrified of the #GrahamCassidyBill death bill-
Don't forget to fund it as the law says to , don't defund it . Then SIMPLY amend it to improve it , like any other bill that is incomplete.
Just when you think Graham might be human he shows us he's not.
@sengraham2016 you are such a disappointment....
If your party wasn't obstructionist for 8 years you wouldn't need to fix squat
It would not be failing if it were not to the Republicans, Rubio and company MAKING it fail
...and the indictments will bury it.
Yes it is, but man up. The GOP sabotage of ACA is the reason it is failing. Go ahead repeal it Mr Graham, the backlash will cripple GOP...
Why does everyone want to keep it if it is failing?
Theys/b ashamed!!  they are so arrogant and so incapable of legislating anything they'll never do their jobs and cross the aisle
Stop sabotaging it. Reduce rates and make it work. We don't believe your lies as you try and take care away. You are a lying liar that lies
Sad for future of Civilization,seen Attaches on people which don't agree with Agenda of Bigotry ,Hatred,Jealousy to this Nation.
Liar
Pure unadulterated BS. The GOP began vowing to repeal it before it was even passed.
1) Not failing; you are carrying the PARTY LIE. 2) If not for GOP's failed political strategy, any issues would have been fixed long ago.
GOP's stupid political strategy IS NOT THE FAULT of America's sick, who need healthcare. Suck it up, admit GOP was wrong, DO THE RGHT THING!
GOP disgusts me. You put your political rhetoric ahead of REAL HUMAN LIFE. Shame on you all!!
So, work WITH the Dems and FIX the parts that don't work!!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC so fix it and stop sabotaging it. You keep saying the same crap and offer no proof.
You guys keep saying this crap but offer no proof. None what so ever.
Lindsey Graham is a bold faced liar
@LindseyGrahamSC, you was debating to convince others about the failure of Obamacare, instead, you exposed the nastiness of yours!
ACA/Obamacare works! It's affordable and is best healthcare insurance ever! stop wasting valuable time-WORK ON BIPARTISAN IMPROVEMENT!

Let's have "Pop Up Video" to display the truth when lies are spouted during this debate.
Yes we would because this is all republicans have talked about for 7 years.
Why do you give these lying sacks of shit a platform?
FACT CHECK: GRAHAM LIED. why don't you challenge him like you pursued Hillary Clinton.
.@LindseyGrahamSC None of the #GOP plans address #ACA. They fail because they destroy Medicaid and Medicare. That was never the "promise".
Graham et al GOP continues to believe their own lies.  Wake up America and vote them out in 2018.

Fact check: 350k Veterans gained health insurance because of Obamacare https://twitter.com/cnnpolitics/status/912484146001440769 …
SC hates him..both sides..and he knows it.
Well said. He earned that right. God bless Sen. John McCain. 
Graham is a 1st class bullshitter with an enormous ego — will say anything to get in front of cameras. He protects DJT because of Russian
@LindseyGrahamSC is a liar and #PartyBeforeCountry non-patriot
Fact check: 350k Veterans gained health insurance because of Obamacare https://twitter.com/cnnpolitics/status/912484146001440769 …
That is because the government is doing nothing to try and fix it and can't come up with a a better ideal that makes sense
It's working - you're just a greedy SOB.
ACA needs a little work, but is actually working. Repeatedly saying it is failing does not make it true.
Graham should stop working solely with other Republicans and bring in some Democrats and women!
But was he honest on why it’s failing? It’s been sabotaged since it’s inception by bitter Republicans in Congress and most GOP Governors.
We wouldn't have this show if everyone agreed with GOP view. Most don't. You don't even have your party completely on-board.
Graham is failing. And 45 is sabotaging ACA.
Ur bill is a death sentence for millions of Americans who have PE conditions &rely on Medicaid.Voters will remember ur name is on it in 2020
If it's failing, it's b/c @realDonaldTrump and @GOP leadership, like @SenMajLdr and @LindseyGrahamSC FACILITATED its failure
DID YOU MEAN “BECAUSE HE IS BLACK”?
@LindseyGrahamSC  you're having the show because you only care about repealing anything Obama. You don;t give one crap about Americans,

That is a lie and you know it! You can correct the problems with the ACA! The tax payers of America pay U to work together! DO IT
You're there to appease your donors. 
Hypocrite!
Actually the show is because Graham-Cassidy was dying. Please tell the truth once in a while.
Do a referendum and let the American people decide!! Not liars like Cassidy and Graham!
But you tell LIES about planned parenthood that you KNOW are lies. Is that in the name of religion? What does that make you in God's eyes?
Graham you better put in your retirement papers in because you will never be voted in again. You are Trumpy cheerleader .
The ACA is not failing. U r not funding it. I kept my Dr my child has 3 pre-ex conditions. @LindseyGrahamSC what kind of Christian r u??
@LibdseyGraham is a hypocrite-Christian! He is stating falsehoods to the public! Obama ACA works! It offers the best of healthcare ins.!
I want to know what type of insurance congress and senate have? Isn't it fair we have the same...are we not the same Am.
I know once they are retire their coverage is for life  we all work for the government we should have the same benefits we pay taxes
@LindseyGrahamSC Trump admin doing what they can to sabotage #ACA by threatening to withold subsidy pmnts, wiping info from govt sites, more
Trump has stated many times t-he will stop paying subsidies to sabatoge it and cause it to fail! GOP DONT CARE about Americans healthcare!
So fix it without denying healthcare to Americans. Stop working for the Koch brothers.
Healthcare and government funded health insurance are 2 completely different things
Oh.... we'd still be having 'this show'.
OBAMACARE Lives on!
What a bullshit liar this man is.
We also wouldn't be having this show if Graham and the republicans would work for Americans instead of insurance companies.
So quit screwing around and fix it.
Lying sack of 
The only reason it's not working is b/c the GOP is trying to kill it.
Government needs to get out of Healthcare for tax paying Americans. It won't because they need our money to pay for the other group
Hey Senator, here's some famous words from a guy in South Carolina: "You lie"!
#ACA #Repeal is still about cutting taxes for the rich. Millions lose coverage. Valuable protections are lost. High-risk #SickPools are back
Actually...you wouldn't be having that show if your plan had some moral merit.
No we wouldn't be doing this if Hillary won. How do you live with yourself?
Its working for over 300,000 veterans that would otherwise not have insurance, you fraud
BS,this show started the day #Obama became President, now #GOP &# Trump so obsessed to remove everything thats good for country he's done
He's a lying corrupt sack of fecal matter.
Then FIX IT!!  Duh 
Dear @CNNPolitics Can you at least fact check these people BEFORE they waste all our time with lies? Thank you. -bdl
Term Limits!!
Because TeapubliCONS have done everything they can to sabotage it, and it's STILL better than the garbage they're trying to pass.
No one challenges what GOP are doing 2 encourage its demise-their agenda+re-election donations called 4 ACA R&R no matter what/who R ruined.
Fact check: 350k Veterans gained health insurance because of #Obamacare
Why don't you admit that the GOP is trying to add to this alleged failing by defunding and taking away subsidies! At least tell the truth!
Your party is making sure it fails , it needs fixing but you would rather say it fail out of spite
BS!
Fix it instead of getting of the whole thing
What Graham,the proverbial political insect,doesn't get is if  GOP had a equitable,affordable plan in past 8 yrs, his sorry ass is not on tv
Too bad the rightwing "free market solution to the healthcare crisis" was endorsed by a black man. Would be a conservative success now.
I know you were there cuz you like kissing Donald Trump's #Ass
If they had worked with Pres. Obama, it might be in better shape, but no they were against him from the get go.
@CNN @FOXNEWS Let obamascare fail. Don't do anything to prop it up. Let it die a natural death. Liberals made mess & they own it 100%
If prez, Congress, GOP put as much energy into ACA as they did trying to replace it, America would've had Great healthcare right now!
The program is being boycotted... of course it is failing because of that
Sabotaged is the right word
Let it finish imploding. It's not health care.
Because Repubs and Trump keep working sabotage it instead of fixing it.
Senator, respectfully, you & your colleagues have the power to fix the Affordable Care Act known as Obamacare.Please don't be disengenuous.

#RepealAndReplace IS DEAD!! Move on.
Why not fix the problem within Obama care to better serve the citizens you say you love so much. Don't repeal and replace. Repair!
Obamacare is not working for millions of people.
And @SenateGOP and @realDonaldTrump are making it fail.  Hurting people just so they can say they're right
I have a novel idea what do you congressman think of one pension per politicians- pick one and live with it, no five pension like Jerry Ford
And ask yourselves ladies an gentlemen - why does no country in the world want to adopt our health care system -  superior as it is ?
Are we not in this crisis because of intransigence of the Republican Party to allow for improvements in Obamacare over last 7 years.
@LindseyGrahamSC...well bless your little heart... you're so full of s**t I can smell you from Ohio. Stop lying, and fix the ACA.
If he knew for seven years it wasn't going to work why he waited to say something? Because it was Obama's name on it.
In all due respect...bullshit!
Wrong - Canada is socialized medicine and it works and  in a framework much  closer to ours. So why don't we just adopt it?
Because it still means higher taxes an lower corporate profits so why don't we cut the crap and go back to the old system.
Help Fix the ACA !!  Please. !!  :)
Why is Senator Cassidy afraid to bypass the insurance companies?    That is where the costs could be cut substantially.
giving power to the states is not a great idea,  we know that will be for the few rich and powerful, the poor and middle will suffer
You guys are working to undermine it and us instead of working to fix it and make it better.
Obama care was an attempt to circumvent this with the younger paying for the elder it didn't work , the young didn't want to cooperate.
He looks like his getting revenge because he was picked last on a sports team. He feels powerful. That doesn’t change he is a dweeb.
So work together to fix it dumbass
Then, damn it, @LindseyGrahamSC - fix the ACA and stop trying to repeal just to take Obama's name off it.  Do your damned job.
Graham LIES!  Market is stabilizing but REPUBLICANS are sabotaging it at every turn.  Trump's pathological lying is rubbing off!
What type of legislator is @LindseyGrahamSC? Scrapping nonsense together & paying for vote as u go is no serious legislation. Shame on you!
How about fixing it @LindseyGrahamSC , not destroying it?
No form of socialized medicine will work her because the corporation will not accept lower profits and the American people higher taxes
Stop lying to the people. Preexisting conditions are going to raise ins. prems. You bill is for ins. co. You are beholden to ins co. lobbist
God.   The man makes sense.
Sen Graham, how much do the pharma and insurance companies donate to you?
SABOTAGE by you & yours is the reason it's "not working";  SINGLE PAYER is the answer, like it is in ALL advanced Nations!
Shame on you CNN for letting this man lie on the air!
Yes it is all profits  Bernie,  and Taxes,  but that is the difference between European Social system and capitalist America
He lies.. if says all this why is he trying to put money back in the insurance pocket.. Becuase he is working go the rich and not America
Since there is NO SUCH THING as "Obama-care" to repeal, they renamed it that to run against the former President. Call it what it is #CNN!
You haven't even tried to fix it Graham. What a Betrayal of the American people.
When y'all sorry bill fails again, u &ur stupid pres need to fund &fix ObamaCare that y'all purposely messed up! Bout sick &tired of y'all
Tell 26M who now have HC. Lowest uninsured rate in US history. 1/830 die w/o HC.
19 states that didn't expand Medicaid have blood on hands.
PLEASE: do not be fooled by GOP healthcare proposal the republicans are saying throw Medicaid patients under the BUS. "TAX CUT FOR The RICH
Obamacare is not failing. You guys are sabotaging it. Quit lying Sen. Graham!
Right! Sen.Grahm & Trump both lying!
@LindseyGrahamSC How can U be so sure tht  it's going 2 fail? It's  bc Trumpcare is going 2 let it ur way it the wrong way #HealthcareDebate
Bs
Obama care would not be failing were it not for Trump and Republicans sabotaging it.
Mr Graham,
It's not about a  GOP win, or lobbyists, or lining the rich's pockets it's about improving medical coverage for every American.
Obamacare is Not failing and shame on you Mr. Graham for perpetuating that lie!!
Liar, liar!!!!!!!
Cassidity and Graham are apologists for Big Pharma.
@BillCassidy #HealthCareDebate Why haven't you addressed the issue of taking the money from the Blue States to provide to the Red States
Psychotic Trump and Republicans are pathetic liars.  Goal one is to do away with Obamacare regardless. Don't care about healthcare. Useless
This Senator Graham is living in a dream world.
Wrong Senator  referenced.  I meant the Prison worker who speaks like an evangelist. I think. Your all becoming like white light
I take this back. After hearing that closing speech, the Prison worker has nothing over Senator Graham when it comes to Stupidity...
And the "show" tonight....."That's all folks"
The republican approach if I offer tac cuts i get a kick back.  Hey free tax for Apple Google Amazon and lets go party!! Wait..your sick???
WE wouldn't be having this show in a bipartisan Congress, either. Oh - it would be nice if you felt with your madman. Not holding my breath.

Y  haven't u told tht father his daughter care will raise to $140k 4 cancer @BillCassidy #HealthcareDebate How many ppl in LA will hve cover
Right so strip 32 million of insurance??? Sounds reasonable
You are here because you want to dismantle everything with Obama's name on it fix it but don't fuck it up shame on you
We wouldn't if the Republican Party hadn't tried to sabotage it for seven years.
#HealthcareDebate If ACA wasn't working why are you willing to let Ak & Hi keep it @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy @BernieSanders
...an big profit cuts for pharmaceuticals. No way around it ., Problem is corporate America will not stand for it.
IT IS FALLING!! BECAUSE YOU #DUMP AND THE GOP IS DOING EVERYTHING IN YOUR POWER TO DESTROY IT IN EVERY WAY YOU CAN!! 
YOU 2 FACE HYPOCRITE!!
Apparently all those people with disabilities that u treated like trash disagree Senator Graham
A lie.
Sure we would because Repubs fail to recognize that this is an Affordable Care Act and have starved it to death in hopes that it will fail!
You don't replace garbage with slightly less smelling garbage.
Yes, the whole thing's "a show." Stop spinning wheels and give Obamacare everything it needs to work.
No matter how, everything is paid for there in taxes. as in England and Scandinavia.
Graham lies. Irvin's the GOP which is failing #resist
sure you would...so how about improving ACA..I'm diappointed in you Lindsay Graham
Watching the GrahamCassidy infomercial. They are a couple of slick willies! I can't decide if they're selling healthcare or a used car.
Graham Cassidy, your bill is no good, it doesn't improve anything! Why are u so opposed to working with Dems? I mean like why, why?
But it's not a show. It's a reality that's a matter of life and death.  Children, the elderly and sick shouldn't have to die.
The question is how and that is what you need to be looking into rather than quibbling on this show . How ?
Obama care is not failing.  Republicans are spreading this propaganda.
@GOP pretend they want to fix the ACA for Am families- in reality they want to reduce corporate taxes & protect corp profits
Why doesn't @GOP provide clear protections for those with preexisting conditions? - because it cuts into their bottomline
LIES
Germany state Insurance AOK not worried about profits an no private insurance   was allowed until the mid 90's. Yet they are able to compete
#liar @LindseyGrahamSC
R,s will nt admit FreeMarket cannot solve HC for ALL, Ins Com.cannot make Profits they want by coveringPre-Exist Cond, like ACA,not possible
@LindseyGrahamSC ACA is failing thanks to @realDonaldTrump @VP and @GOP.  @GOP owns its failure!  deserves better!
Because you snd the GOP sabotaged it
blame Obamacare failures on GOP? Guess Obama admin didn't really screw up website, give hundreds of waivers, lie bout Keeping Dr's
Self-Serving Bernie couldn't wait until we get past sept 30 deadline to stir this particular pot!!?  If GC passes, it's on you, Bernie! Smdh
Work with Dems you fool!
....not tax cuts!
You can't have your cake and eat it to , if you want socialized  health care you have to switch to the European system - paid for in taxex
it works. Wanna make it better? Put the rick corridors back. That'll help lower premiums. Make red states expand Medicaid.
Really? The Republicans have made Obamacare popular, thanx idiots!

We wouldn't be having this "show" if Republicans were willing cross the aisle to fix what may not be working with ACA. Build don't destroy!
Obamacare needs fixes to GOP sabotage and defunding since the bill passed.

U're a lie! & u know it! ObamaCare could be greatest on planet,y'all would still holler repeal&replace,bc a black man passed it!Unlike y'all
