Must be nice to be in the 1%
I guess it helps when making those big bucks and giving the rich Trillions in tax cuts.
Is South Carolina as bad towards its citizens of color as the other nearby states? I hear some of the southern states act as though we were still under 'ol Jim Crow.
It'll be a shame when those upstate workers are laid off Bcs your bff is mad at China. But as long as he doesn't release you kompromat
Probably might wanna talk to Trump, he’s about to screw BMW over with those tariffs. How many jobs would South Carolina lose if they move their manufacturing company?
Too bad about those tariffs.
Can't wait for them to decrease production because the idiot in the WH is increasing tariffs on aluminum and steel.

Fuckin foriegn car driving traitor..
East coast elitist
Must be NICE TRUMP ASSKISSER

Well bless your little heart.
Go to move to Korea then let's see how "worth it" a war would be.
Who the fck cares?
Well of course you do. I drive a 2006 Toyota Corolla. How nice it must be to be rich off money from special interest groups.
Enjoy your day knowing if you are hurt Obamacare will cover you.
Headed by a foreign company your buddy #Trump is too stupid to realize employs American workers. When he starts putting tariffs in place, guess which industry loses the most.
How many Koreans until you are bothered
You helped sire this Beast. It's on your hands Sir.
I think ur Gay. Nothing wrong with that but why don't u come out, everybody knows anyways but u could help the movement a important Man like u. Take a leap & do something good instead of flip-floping...
I drive a BMW 735i 1986 and a JEEP GC -16.

You can have both if you take a FIRM stand against Trump and Pence. Make sure sanctions against Russia are enforced and fund CHIP.

I suppose I can keep my cars?
You're going way too fast.
Slow down and think about your future and your constituents. The future of the party looks very bleak and you need to step up to the plate and take a stand against Trump, or step down.
He simply has a bad case of the Russian jitters. No other explanation for this.
They are obviously all indebted to Tsar Putin.
Either that or there is a whole Blockbuster store full of PeePee tapes somewhere.
Sadly it seems that it is not only the GOP and Trump's cohorts.
Term limits, paper ballots & end of electoral college.
Or we're toast.
All subsidized with my tax dollars! How great for you!
Good for you.
Who cares
WATCH OUT! Old lady behind the wheel!
You are driving without a seat belt
BTW, have fun.
If your intention in seeking the FISA disclosures from the FBI is to undermine the Trump/Russia investigation, it wont be viewed well.
Which is why you don't understand why tax cuts for the wealthy at the expense of Medicaid is a horrible and cruel action.  Go drive ur BMW
And I drive a 12nyear olf Honda Element and I am proud of my car too.  Does this make me less than you?
Sorry for typos
One word: Sad...what about your constituents??
Wow he drives a BMW while 22 million loses health care... keep bragging
I can't afford one.   I have pre-existing conditions.
"On my way to destroy my constituents lives by adding back lifetime maximums"  #selfishsenator
Not the best optics as you support ripping health care away from poor children to give tax cuts to those already able to afford BMWs.
May the Best Man Win. BMW. Sheng zhe wei wang. Winner is king. Winner takes it all. data.
You gained my respect during the election. Please keep it by standing up against the terrifying psycho in the whitehouse
I too want to belive. His rhetoric is good at times but his actions have been supporting morally bankrupt policies.
I drive a Prius.
Shouldn't UB in your office taking thousands of calls against Wealthcare instead of going 2 foreign car show? We're you clear on your oath?
did the Tax payers pay for that?
Hey Linsey I drive a ford.
I drive a Leaf; we need to invest in renewable energy to protect the environment from health burdens you'll force on Americans now
Must be nice!
Lindsay , do you think anybody really gives a shit what you drive ?
Why don't you drive to visit some of your 1 million constituents who will lose their healthcare when you vote yes on @AHCA instead?
Wow! Just #Wow Good for you - NOT! #HealthcareBill
@kairyssdal Just me or is this really weird?!?
no seatbelt?
That must be so nice. Your healthcare must be nice, too. Too bad many will lose their cars and their healthcare because of your actions.
Very blue collar
Never met an asshole that didn't drive a BMW.
Lindsey........ seriously?!  Shame on you, of all people. @maddow @Morning_Joe @marcorubio @paulkrugman @PresidentTrump_ @nytimes
And you will continue to w/reducing 22 million more Americans uninsured!
You need to talk to Trump about this. He says Germans bad but they seem to be job creators here.
Good for you. I drive a Mazda and don't care to subsidize your BMW lifestyle with tax breaks for the wealthy.
We should save this tweet for when a bunch of SC people die from lack of health care. You know, to comfort them.
Bragging about your luxury car the week you're voting to take affordable health care away from 22 million people?  R you using 45s PR firm?
Glad you enjoy your SC-made BMW. My son just wants to ride his bike. Medicaid and medications make that possible. #AHCA #EpilepsyAwareness
How fucking out of touch with reality you must be to tweet this when the poorest Americans are being threatened by your disastrous bill.
So doesn't 1000's if others drive them in upstate!
That you would post this now with poverty,healthcare in the U.S. being what it is confirms your ego is 10 times larger than your tiny brain!
Worse, you had to be fully aware of the reaction you'd get posting that tweet, which means you get off flaunting your wealth. Pathetic!
How nice for you
Nice photo. Looks like it was a good day!!!
Great photo!!!
So how's the CBO score? Time to buy another BMW with the tax cut? And you call yourself a representative of the PEOPLE. Shameful.
Takes balls for you to post something like this these days. I am guessing you made a bet how much hate you will get over it?
@LindseyGrahamSC look Queen you just showed how callous you really are. #BoughtWithRussianMoney  No patriots in the GOP #GopTerrorists
Paid for by the rest of us Americans. Term limits
RINO. Quit obstructing the President.
Great.  I'm sure they are getting all the tax breaks they want as well.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Posting about his fancy car when he is getting ready to take healthcare away from the poor and the elderly! Tacky!
How much does it cost in "campaign donations" for this "free" PR?
You want to let @realDonaldTrump know that they are made in SC and not "in Germany by very bad germans with bad trade deals...."
Interesting tweet. Many of your voters will be going to the Rogue, etc
And have amazing health insurance provided by the government. Must be nice.
Seat belt?
And how's your medical insurance? Oh, I forgot, you get it through Congress. The rest of us do not.
Isn't Trump banning those because he doesn't like Merkel?
Why don't u drive straight to Russia & never come back
So condescending. You are taking basic healthcare from 23 million and show off a bmw. Very classy of u
We drive an old beater and worry about health care. You drive a BMW and are fully covered.
Shame on you for posting this! You are a true R, I'll give you that! It's all about YOU & how wealthy YOU can be! $$$$ in YOUR wallet!
does it have a custom shift knob made from uninsured children's bones?
Love u Linds 'Made in USA' SC way.
BMW designed in a country with universal single payer health care. Built in a country with low wages   and unaffordable health care. Why?
Vote with your conscience not your party!!! Vote NO on #TrumpCare and represent your constituents' well-being!!!
You're either under or over the speed limit.
You look mad tiny driving that car. How you sitting so close to the wheel?
trump says Germans are bad. You need to pick a side. Nice car we are paying for too. Most of your constituents drive used 90s vehicles.
Thanks for thinking about your constituents...are you going to join Putin's team too????
I walk. Good for you, enjoy it!
I'm sorry AND who cares??!
Hmmm must be nice, soon millions of Americans won't afford Healthcare but tell us all about your BMW! #BloodOnYourHands
That's so cool!  Meanwhile Americans go to sleep at night terrified they won't be able to afford healthcare! Good fun! 
Man, the balls on these guys!!
Good for you--and you've got excellent healthcare that will be exempt from the horrific changes proposed in the GOP healthcare bill!
Most of your constituents can't affor that luxury
The GOP Is really tone def to what is going on with Americans. This might be support for a company Trump threatened but is now a good time?
How are you going to vote on Trumpcare?
Looks like you'll get to buy you another one of them fancy cars with the big ass tax credit you're getting in blood money.
Good job supporting you constituents working at the SC plant
Does it have a MAGA sticker on it?  Or, maybe it as a Russian flag on it!
Yep, you're a man of the people.
I drive a GM. American owned, American built, didn't build warplanes for the Nazis.
It's great American car isn't it, soon your stupid president will force even you to drive Detroit crap, great isn't it?
is this and advertisement? is that legal?
Which lobbyist bought it for you?
3rd-arm selfie?
Based on these replies, I guess the libs are over #Russia and now we're doomed due to healthcare.  Wondering what's next... #crybabies
I hate your politics but I think somewhere in there a genuine person exists. Find him .
Well done! Take health care away from millions. Drive BMW paid for by taxpayer $$$. #clueless
Class warfare...that's all the Dumms have...they breed bitterness
I'm just trying to ensure that my kids and I can afford medical care. Have a good day!

To collect my check for promoting a German company over US.
I just bet you do! You enjoy the healthcare that WE pay for, a hefty salary WE pay for, see where I'm going?
He needs to be voted out ! It is time for SC to take a stand. Vote for the person and not party
Lucky you health care and a BMW ...
That's a great car.  I wonder if the sick people you're going to kill because of "TrumpCare" care about your BMW?
I have a Hyundai and a pre existing condition. Glad you can live your life.
Great optics Lindsey. Go pick up some Medicaid kids for a ride.
I drive a Dodge and have a pre-existing condition. When you kill my healthcare, I'll probably have to walk. But good on ya, douchefuck.
If anything drivenan Audi took market because of Great Leadership like our POTUS
Tell the President they are made in USA
The complete lack of judgment exhibited by the posting of this tweet is astounding. How do you make it through the day?
Drive American you two faced so called Conservative:
Multi-billionaires are legal Mafia. They kill people with their smiles.
Will you be the beneficiary of the tax breaks under the AHCA?  Thought so? HYPOCRITE.
You can't tell me that I have to die young, or that my kids will have to shoulder my health care costs alongside their own, and expect peace
Health care -- this so called "health care" bill which would take health care AWAY from millions of people -- this could lead to civil war.
Hope it's paid for, because if that health care bill passes in the Senate, you're going to be out of a job next election.
Funny how BMWs just don't seem so great when you are waiting to have   health care and financial security ripped out of your hands.
Probably free
Always have wanted one!  I, instead, have driven a 1987 Suzuki Samari for 27 years.  It will outlast your BMW - although, I still want one!
I am in South Carolina and I won't be able to afford health insurance if the AHCA is enacted. Please stand against this bill.
I so wish I could afford a BMW, or any car. Mind not kicking me off health insurance at least?
Is @georgesoros paying for ur trip and ur car. #supportDonaldTrump and stop being a @DNC puppet.
Well there is something we have in common
Unbelievably out of touch. VOTE NO on #TrumpCare
Of course you do! You have premium healthcare for life too! Aren't you special!
You should with taxpayer and lobbyists 
Good to see what our taxes go to- your paycheck is big enough to buy a BMW yet we can't take care of Americans. You're disgusting.
This is his closeted way to say "Happy Pride" to the LGBTQ community.
Don't forget tp mention that to @POTUS the next time he threatens BMW/Merc/VW with sales restrictions because they are "terrible people".
Nice I used to be able to afford a BMW until the Republican mortgage melt down in 2007 however I drove a Ford and donated the difference.
Yeah.......What's going to happen to the people in South Carolina, when they can no longer get health insurance...
Fuck the poor, amirite?
Have a wonderful day.
people you are taking healthcare from do not drive BMWs and would much prefer you do something more important than this to earn your pay.
Buy American.
Lindsey....you need to adjust your seat and adjust your wheel position, adjust seat height also. Better safety please. Lift visor up also.
Is this real life?
I hope you choke on that smile. How you can be preparing to fuck millions of Americans and then show a pic of how happy you are. #VoteNoAHCA
Good Monday,Sen. Lindsey GRAHAM.of South Carolina
All of you Republicans who are against Trump are in big trouble! Trump has the recording of Comey,Lynch,Rice&Podesta planning A rope A dope!
Yea I bet you have great insurance too. Pretty smart you are. You get paid to screw us and we get nothing. You will go down.
@patsfan2345 tumbling down the common man rankings
Must be nice. Like having taxpayer-funded health care.
You also can probably afford great healthcare. What's your point?
Darlin, I just bet you do! BTW Who pays for your healthcare?
Not American made.
Good for you. And you want to take away my health cate so you can afford an even more luxurious car?  Take the bus, senator
Workers who built that BMW in SC earn $9-20hr. Create health care they, and other Americans, can afford on those wages.
Lucky you. Probably have health care too.
Have fun!
We won't begrudge your luxury car if you promise not to kill us with your healthcare bill.
Of course u drive a BMW wish we could all afford a nice car that's a republican for u RICH GET RICHER
