It is with America, the constitution, and the rule of law. As it should be!
Seriously? Rule of law? Any evidence of that?
Yep
Where is it at?
Rescinding daca.....
Haha no actually you are. Bye 
Pathetic
Some one has to care about American citizens too @LindsayGrahamSC & he isn't heartless for doing so.
how does caring for children who are in this situation by no fault of their own conflict with caring for Americans?
The majority of these people are adults. Explain to immigrants who have taken the time & $ to be legal why this group is above the process?
Kids when they came here. They didn't have choice and grew up here. have little 2 no connection 2 their birthplace. American except on paper
They are adults now. Why have they still not gone through the process of legalization, & why r they above it?
Even ur boy Huckabee tweeted congress should make it legal
I'm sure they will legalize it but it will be a huge slap in the face 2 all immigrants who are going through & have gone through the process
Not sure they would agree with u. Immigrants I know have big hearts
He has shown us that Congress needs to do their job! DACA is UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Now come up with a plan @LindseyGraham, quit grandstanding
Very well said!!!
I hope his heart is with LEGAL Americans and the law!
So you advocate deporting someone who committed a crime 20 years ago when she was a 5 year old.
Deport all illegals
Show us your papers.
I got 'em, a genuine U.S. birth certificate, I'm legit.
Apparently having a heart wasn't a prerequisite
It is heartbreaking for the kids but irresponsible parents should've obeyed the law to begin with; Mexico should take care of it's citizens!
Not seeing too much heartbreak from you for a crime for which they weren't guilty twenty odd years ago.
You got illegal Mexicans protesting in America against the American people, what the hell is going on, who's country is this
Hahahaha.  Half of these comments dont have real people behind them! Who are you really debating with?!
His heart is in AMERICA FIRST!
Amen
Our President is following the law! The illegal parents should of never brought the kids here illegally! They are to blame!
He did show ya Lindsey.  His heart is with the laws and the people of this country.  You know that thing you swore to uphold?  #MAGA
How about using your brain and the LAW
We already know. It's black and full of greed
I'm sorry, but Mr. Graham is the biggest, do nothing, bought and paid for sell-out!  #TrumpTrain #UnseatLindseyGraham
Yes he is along with McCain
Where is the outrage for Americans killed by dreamers. If a parent doesn't pay the rent and is evicted, is that the landlords fault? Smh
Tammy is a bot just noticed the name.
Actually new to twitter and just took the first one but if it makes you feel better to call me a bot, go ahead. I'm not easily offended.
All of us means citizens not illegals! This is going to be a huge screw up
@realDonaldTrump has shown his true colours his whole life. he's a racist
He has shown it, time and time again. His heart is in Russia.
Where your heart is at Senator!? Do your job!
And once again you HAD chance to show us where the law fits, Congress fits. Obama you did nothing about-on him AND all of you!
His heart better be with Americans who need jobs
he has AMERICA FIRST watch & learn
Lindsay Graham must not have any desire to enforce the constitution...Stockholm Syndrome fr being held hostage by progressives for so long?
Unfortunately he's already showed us.
Senator did you forget that you are talking about Trump? He is a president of no one but the white supremacy, Kkk! He is the racists POTUS 
Hey Graham. This speech is irrelevant because it's being delivered by you. Drain the swamp.
Your a traitor to the  voters. I watched illegals have everything while my children went without. Americans first. MAGA 
Lindsey is increasingly spastic. He is an unprincipled weakling.
Making it much harder for those that are trying to come in legally They're better off coming in illegally!Think about it you lying Libtards!
If Congress can start doing their jobs , and if these kids want to they can and will be able to become American citizens. .
They're not all kids, many are grown adults now!!
They can still become citizens
Get the mic out of your face and pass an immigration bill. You're the problem!

Reading the reply tweets makes my brain sad...
WHERE WERE YOU???
WHEN OBAMA
PERFORMED SO
UNCONSTITUTIONALLY!!
WHERE WAS YOUR PUBLIC DUTY??
Donald Trump has no heart. He is an awful man. No conscience, no empathy and does not care what will happen to those 800,000 Dreamers!
Oh please
LG is more to blame.  He & his cohorts allowed this issue to be created.  It needs to be solved by the waste of human potential in congress
*****NWO spokesman alert***** where was McCain?Globalist really think we are all so stupid.These 2 are bought&paid for by the Shadow Gov't
You are either nuts or a bot.
https://twitter.com/tombstone19391/status/904747509297274880 … check out this new story it will show you they had an opportunity their fault if they didn't exploit it
To keep, to modify, or to rid of DACA: Colorado perspectives http://www.9news.com/mobile/article/news/local/next/to-keep-to-modify-or-to-rid-of-daca-colorado-perspectives/73-470641119 … via @9NEWS That's a lie he is not rounding up to deport
We don't want any amnesty Lyndsey. Trump has our support,.

He just handed you DACA, Lindsey. What are YOU gonna do? Support the Constitution as you swore to do? Or no?
And I suspect it's in the same place his head is.  Very dark in there, and I hope he has some air freshener.
Read the law, chad. obama can't just make stuff up like that.  got to do it right.  This is on the PARENTS!
Righto.  This is on the PARENTS!  So let's punish the CHILDREN!  Perfect logic.  Bigly perfect.
Children?  Most of these ppl are in their 20's.  Besides, if parents get evicted, do you leave the kids? Too bad. It's on them.
ppl in 20s who've known no other life than that in the US!!  Seems pretty senseless & cruel to me.  What harm are they causing?
U right, who cares what the law says. king obama can just make up laws. "what harm are they causing?" #PAYATTENTION
Because we all know where your loyalties lie.
I wish I could show Graham where my foot is!
His heart is with real Americans... MAGA
Amen
Why, so our children who are American citizens can be unemployed?
I bet you have the nerve to call yourself a Christian.
What, I can't be Christian and believe in rule of law?
You have to have compassion.
Yes, I do but what about the American dreamers?
These kids were brought here by no fault of their own. They have no criminal records and some have severed in the armed forces.
OMG it's behind the at!!
BUT THEN HE JUST WANTS TO BRIBE VOTES
It's about the law, not emotions!
Trump should respond: amnesty for all IF they are never allowed to vote! Then we'd see where everyone's heart truly is!
There are s lot of bots at work here.
We know where President Trump's heart is at- He loves America and wants to protect the rule of law.
#DACA is unconstitutional
ABSOLUTELY!
Sen where does illegal immigration stop, yes we need 2 get back to rule of law. These (adult) kids have had yrs 2 apply to be legal citizens
Hi. He's had HOW MANY MONTHS to show is where his heart is at? Graham trying to pretend he cares is sicker than Trump.
At least Trump is open and honest about the fact that he doesn't care about DACA.
Dotto for you Lindsey Graham. Show that you are FOR THE PEOPLE and not for politics!
It's behind the "at", Senator Graham... you don't want to teach your illegals' bad English do you?
Assuming facts not yet in evidence, the existence of a heart.
Not to mention the spots that are universities and colleges that the students are taking that well deserving American students could have.
Cop out!!  he's letting Congress and Senate draft a bill. The balls in your court now. Quit bitching and get to work
Trump is the President of Americans not illegals
Lindsey Graham is a democrat and an embarrassment to our state.
LG panders to lobbyist who want cheap labor and Dems who want more votes. Doesn't care one bit about American citizens who pay the price
He has no heart. He has nothing to show us.
Graham is a democrat pretending to be a republican
Senator, the ball is in your court
Seems the Prez has given the sen, reps and legis 6 mths to get it right.
He didn't have to but you still will blame Trump for everything
Yea to Americas not to people from another country!! You soon will be replaced
nice Nazi slogan,  message received don't look or speak like me not America which is so Not american
This is 2017 nazis die off sometime in 1945.
It is too bad you don't care as much for Americans as you do illegals.
Exactly!! The left has proven that!! Yeah I'm fitting Graham and McCain with the left!! They are hypocrites
You can also put Paul Ryan with them.
Yes you are right
@realDonaldTrump heart is for the Real Americans that come first in his book.
All talk, no action! It's in your court now.
So do you, Senator Graham, now do your job in Congress and fix the immigration mess!
In other words, please don't expect us to legislate this.
he's already shown us...
His heart is with all legal American Citizens, exactly where it should be.  You're either legal or you're not, simple as that.
We have all seen that Trump has no heart.  We have witnessed the real Don the Con.
He doesn't care about Hispanics or any people of color! He cares only about the so c. "white race" Otherwise why treat DREAMERS LIKE THIS? 

So you are going to get off your ASS to help illegal aliens but you won't pull your head out of there to fix OSAMACARE!!
Heart?Trumpy?short hands,too
Hey congress you govern by the constitution, you run a fiscally responsible government with comprehensive immigration reform
they keep calling a republican. He is a rino.
His heart is black , what's in the heart comes out of the mouth.
Thank you @POTUS for forcing Congress to do thier jobs.They had to be forced but as you see they cant seem to do anything but blame others.
Lyndsey Graham needs a nap because he is tired .
Graham needs to be replaced along with  3/4 of the other senators
The President did the right thing Lindsey,this was never his job. Fix it and stop all illegal immigration. The parents are the problem.
Trump only has heart for the alt-right, neo-nazis, and white supremacists. Anyone that supports Trump believes in nothing but hate.
Lindsay you are part of congress. Do something about the laws if you care so much.
Seriously? POTUS has done his job , now do yours. Man up and take responsibility. Pass a law or stop whining!
Was this before Trump ridiculed Jeff Sessions in public then used him to make DACA announcement?
And you have a chance to show the nation if you have a brsin
@LindseyGrahamSC So cute you suppose DJT has a heart. He doesn't. He has a huge ego instead. Do your job & draft DACA legislation. You can
God I wish he'd just shut up!
Trump is disgusting
Love My President!!!
DACA is not the law is the Privileges of the Democrat Party for elections.
congress you have the chance to prove you actually do work for the American People So say thank you Potus
Trump only tolerates rich white males & Ivanka. His daughter wife. He isn't going to grow a heart now. Ridiculous to ever think he would.
@realDonaldTrump doesn't have a heart... so we're wasting our time thinking he's going to do the right thing.
Most likely the 750K immigrants who came in under DACA will be protected but this can not continue to happen
No Graham, POTUS has made it obvious it's now up to YOU & Congress to DO YOUR JOBS.
He has shown us where his heart is and he is very caring and compassionate be he can't say YES to everyone and everything
Spoken like a true swamper.  We are a nation of laws, without laws we have nothing. Congress should be repealed and replaced with snails .
You have the chance, Senator, to show the nation that you can do your job.  DO YOUR JOB.
2. It's not easy to send them back to THEIR own countries, but it's their parents they should be mad at, not US Government.
It's right where it should be ! AMERICA FIRST!! 
Sir, you have the chance to protect our constitution and obey our laws. Support our President.
It's YOUR JOB to pass laws, not the POTUS! Secure the border AND THEN address immigration reform.
The cruel warmonger the allways was! A horrible ruthless man who loves to kill the weaker nations.
Graham and Durbin two of the sleezy immigrants gang of eight members. Never trust the gang members 
His heart is with the American people, American born & legal residents. Are you, Mr Graham, placing Dreamers& DACA before them? Do your job
@LindseyGrahamSC where's ur heart 4 US citizens? #DACA was stop gap 2 give time to fix things. Never happened like repeal & replace. A joke!
Exactly it's on protecting the American people.
I'm beginning to think graham and McCain have broken up...I'm with Graham
ITS WITH LAW & ORDER BLUE DOG
Usual bla, bla, bla..
Lindsey quit blowing smoke it's in y'all corner now do your job
He has shown us a million times over.  He will never fail to disappoint. We are all watching America.
It's in a safe at Putin's house
Please Mitch and McCain need to go to old folks home and play cards. And no we don't pay for it
Trump's heart?  Graham's sudden compassion is a joke too. Graham votes party over country. No way does this propaganda erase GOP racism.
Why is he asking the President to do their job? They have no patriotism, no courage, no loyalty to our country.
My question to @LindseyGrahamSC is when are you going to help the AMERICAN people? Obamacare & tax cuts should be your TOP priority!
Lindsey you and your ilk had your chance to solve this problem. Trump has to do this because of your failure. Take responsibility
This Graham guy needs to quit trying to make people believe he's a republican.
Get off your ass and make it right and tell your buddy McCain to shut his mouth.. Congress makes laws not the President..
Senator Graham has been in Congress 24 years.  Why haven't YOU done anything that has become law?
Exactly.   Why does south carolina keep voting for this do-nothing.  Need term limits!!!
Amazing how this guy has no problem sending our kids to war but not the dreamers. I have an idea. All dreamers must enlist for 4 years
Graham, end DACA. Abide by the law !  I am so tired of these weak jerks.
Do your damn job Lindsay. Enact a real law.
Another example of a republican Senator undermining the ppl that elected the POTUS. This must stop. These ppl are the swamp. They must go!
His heart is with the American people and the law.
Not his job, Senator. It's yours. Now, come off vacation, shut up, and DO IT>
You are wrong Graham! We want those illegals kick out! Why are these dreamers getting more than what US citizens are having ! free???
GRAHAM IS ALL FOR AMNESTY FOR WHAT HE CALLS DREAMER KIDS. WELL THEY ARE NOT KIDS FULL ADULTS HERE ILLEGALLY MUST LEAVE & COME BACK LEGALLY
Why don't u as part of congress come up with a legal immigration plan that works! Quit blaming potus for ur failures
Wow I see a lot of Constitutional lawyers here sad
We already know, he loves uneducated white people!
@realDonaldTrump Graham TRAITOR your more for the Dems & Not a Republican! Vote him Out ASAP ! Graham is a Gram Cracker!
Graham you are full of it!! You have not backed my President since day one!!!
He should have stated "as president of all of us *citizens* where your heart is at."
It's not about the heart. It's about the law.
Who gives a rats ass what Lindsey Graham has to say!
His heart is with Americans!! Illegals need to go back to their homelands and ask their President to take care of them!!
Amen
If you haven't seen it by now you won't. Swamp dweller
Where is senator @Thomasravenel to take this mans seat?
Graham babbling for his re-election!
We Trumpers know where Potus's heart is. You Graham obviously weren't paying attention Bye, bye
#RINORats! Go to the inner cities and see first hand children raised on welfare or meager incomes and tell them their dreams don't matter.
Then truck your sorry butt out into our rural areas and tell those children get behind the illegals 'cause ur dreams don't matter.
Cheap talk from a heartless supposedly Obamacare opposer. Where is your heart?
It truly makes no difference what you call it, Compassion whatever, Its still Amnesty, we tried it before sooo when will it END?
We are, of course, assuming that a 71 year old narcissist who has been a cheating lying fraud his whole life can suddenly develop a heart
SUGGESTION: Dreamers should apply for humanitarian parole on basis of significant public benefit
If this is so important to you LG pass a bill. Your a legislator stop preaching to POTUS and legislate!
Thanks to President Trump. He is a doer not a talker
No, he is doing what he is supposed to do.Congress needs to do their job and stop trying to pass it off, so you can blame POTUS later.MAGA
He also has the responsibility to enforce the law & protect IT'S CITIZENS!! There might as well be only one party today. Reps act like Dems.
Durbin stated DACA are the only bright ppl in this country, our future & deserving of everything. Graham agreed. WTH, what about AMERICANS!
Lindsay weren't you going to Canada?
Then do the job @LindseyGrahamSC we pay you to do. Stop whining & create legislation that supports them. Put & bill on his desk!
It is the Job of the Congress NOT the President. Overreach of Power to do so as Obama did. 
You build the wall first and secure the border. Then @LindseyGrahamSC talk about DACA.
"make the case they do" start with our wall, no food stamps!,no sanctuary cities,and fines for employers who hire illegals or jail time.
It's a trick - His heart doesn't exist.
Hopefully someplace better than the parents of #DACA folks "trafficking" their own minors into a foreign country illegally. #obamasshame
Name one
Law is killed by emotions and nations destroyed. Laws make a nation Great. Sorry Lindsey
Hey flimsy @LindseyGrahamSC if you haven't figured it out @POTUS is with 

We the people. Your fired but haven't figured it out yet
We already know exactly where trumps heart is 
How about enforce the existing law?  All this talk about reform you would think it's a new subject.Neither side wants to enforce current law
Lindsey, you should have the heart  to get to work and legislate.
Trump said "America First" and he means it. What about all of the homeless vets and Americans? What about the needs of American children?
Trump has NO HEART. He is motivated ONLY by MONEY and SEX. USA is losing respect of entire world. He is using Dreamers to divert from Russia
His heart is in his bank account?
It is the "Law of the Land" of every country in the world. Only CORRUPT politicians like Lindsey  break it.
fact DACA is,a jobs program for ILLEGAL aliens: who are mostly in there 20s and,30s
The rule of law is the legal principle that law govern a nation, as opposed to being governed by decisions of individual govt officials.
Get off that fence lindsay
Lindsey Graham is such a pansy. I'm truly sick of him, Jeff Flake and John Mccain. Three of the worst RINOs in the gop. Must be voted out!
Was Lindsey Graham elected to represent illegal immigrants/invaders from Mexico  and other countries or was he elected to rep SC/USA ?
I'm a firm believer in term limits because of men like Mccain and Graham. Nobody should wield power over a country for so long.
The vibe I get is these RINOs are more interested in representing foreigners than the American people! This is sedition. This is treason! 
How much longer will the American people have to suffer under the false premise that illegal immigrants have a right to be in America?
My parents came from west africa, LEGALLY! Waited their turn, paid their dues, fees, salute the flag. Why are illegals given preference?
What annoys me the most is that as a black man, if I were to commit a crime. I would be given no amnesty. So are illegals above the law?
#DACA must be completely rescinded and illegals deported in their entirety. The law must apply to all equally. Rules must be followed.
Lindsey Graham is a YUGE embarrassment to South Carolina.  This is why we call him Grahamnasty, plus his grammar is atrocious, i.e. "is at."
It's with the AMERICAN people
No one believes that dems r serious about closing the border. Until that happens there will be no deal. Wont even coop w/ICE 2 remove felons
Proud of my Sen. L. graham.   He tries to reach across the aisle - which is more than most in congress.
It's with the Citizens of America!  Why is that wrong?
Your parents came legally Mr Graham...theirs did not. You are correct about one thing though, we don't want 11 million more!
They use illegals 4 crime
McCain & Petraeus Spy Ring Exposed
Pay To Play -Army Navy Spy Ring @GeorgWebb @wikileaks
These so called "innocent" dreamers are constantly involved in protests in our country! No so innocent! Just not charged b/c of status!
TRUMP DOES NOT HAVE A HEART. MAYBE YOU ALL CAN BY HIM ONE WITH ALL THAT LOBBYISTS MONEY, RUSSIAN DONATIONS
Translation: DACA stays !
#Treacherous Graham showing he loves #Illegals over every #USA unemployed Citizen, their kids, legal immigrants & their kids here folks.
No. Now you do.
Wake up Mr. Graham. What Obama did was illegal. We are a nation of laws. Not a nation of pussies
You have been given a six month window to show the American people that you and your colleagues are working for the people. Do something !
Lets see- He receives 0 salary for serving as President and gives a million $ to Harvey relief. Want me to keep going??
Trump's making $$$$ every time he visits his properties. He's making out like a bandit. As for the Harvey donation, don't hold your breath.
