Why Why Why didn't you get the nomination??  I am still crying ....
Isn't amazing when the MSM needs a impotent, patsy they call on Lindsey Graham for his half brain opinion. The MSM seeks out the weak!
This man is crazy. Please do something.
You had long enough to opine on North Korea.
Does it include tweeting threats of nuclear attack? Because that seems to be the current plan of the CIC. #maybeDOsomethingbesidesinterviews
So
Get rid of Trump.
You respond by not letting Trump respond. Take away his power and let adults take charge. He will ensure our deaths.
We...as a nation have every right to defend ourselves from Cray Cray North Korea Kim
Too late now, but the best response would've been total silence on our part. That would keep them guessing .  Never respond to a bully.
RINO
If both Dems and GOP cant fix ACA or do real tax reform, then Americans have pure taxation without representation.  Change is needed.
The US Congress should respond by invoking the 25th amendment and getting rid of this President!!! Can't do it when we're all nuked!
You respond by getting with the GOP and stopping this shitshow. That's how you respond. Tired of the lip service, sir.
He no longer deserves to be called "Sir!"
Uhhh, k?
Mr Graham you are irrelevant. Pls stop !
Congress needs to deal with Trump !!!  NOW !!!!  This is too important to leave this crazy person in power. He is NOT stable !!!
You are not stable.
Just say No to war . Are you crazy?
It's not a hoax..62 million people elected Trump. So there's that.

"Well, I'm certainly concerned," said Sen. Lindsay Graham, staring at the mushroom cloud. "It's very troubling," added Sen. Ben Sasse.
But last week you wanted to blow them up... McCain tell you to change your mind, puppet.
People on here still worried only of taking down our President. They  careless about a viable threat from North Korea. Get behind Trump
Question: Do we respond by threatening them with "Fire and Fury like the world has never seen"? Is that the way to go, @LindseyGrahamSC?
TRUMP IS DISASTEROUS!!!!!! ENOUGH!!!!!!!!!
Why are you so anxious to start a nuclear war? How many innocents must die for you to prove your manhood, Miss Lindsey?
Screw that! Focus on the threat in the freaking White House!
You realize he's willing to go to nuclear war to distract from the investigation that will lead to his imprisonment & loss of Trump org.
What? No fury and fire bullshit?
You should drop @realDonaldTrump on North Korea.
You said we should only worry about USA. What does that tell our allies. South Korea and others may want to reconsider being with us. Scary
You always say one thing and do something different! What the heck are you going to do now?
Will you speak out on how to stop the WH from getting people killed and stop the hate-lies @POTUS
Put a muzzle on the anti Christ.
Oh good! Then you'll be discussing how POTUS has responded and why he's put all of us in danger?
We never had this kind of drama under Obama. You can always count on a war and a recession when repubs are in charge.
You should respond with a poorly thought out tweet.
You could start by backing the people who elected this man and exposed what a shitshow you really are
You mean the threat from @realDonaldTrump?? Stop the MADNESS. #ImpeachTrump
Your party should have never let this man into office. Now you fix it before it is too late. Talking on TV does nothing.
The U.S. should respond by telling Trump to shut his damn mouth before he gets people killed! DO somethimg
Respond by removing trump from office he is too immature for the job
Also the threat posed by an impulsive, ignorant President Trump?
...do nothing as long as the base holds.
Wipe him out!
Thank you Senator Graham. We need some adult supervision in the WH.
Finally do something meaningful after decades of BS.
How about speaking about the threat from trump and how the US should respond? Seriously. 
TRUMP. POTUS45 Don't need your Damn help. #leaveofficeasap
He's a malignant narcissist sociopath when is he getting kicked to the curb
Get trump out of office now. Today. His bravado is leading us to a horrible war
WELL ITS ALWAYS GOOD TO KNOW WHAT THE ENEMIES OF AMERICA AND PRESIDENT TRUMP IS THINKING
Get the mobster vulgarian out of our WH. He's unfit for office, he did not get in honestly, & yr party is culpable. Stand up to Twittler!
Get rid of your threat to the world Trump 
You have nukes. @CBSNews 
Trump is more dangerous
With Twitter. Duh.
How will congress respond to the growing threat posed by POTUS?
America hopes you have the courage to stand up to the twitter in chief. War is not the answer, as you know.
Coming from a do nothing senator @LindseyGrahamSC .
It's time for the Republican Party to take a stance. It's time for you guys to move on this one.
Our biggest threat is from this volatile pseudo administration!
Easy fix... send Bill "The Bagman" Clinton back over there like 2009 pay him off Kim and give him a hand job.
Why don't we send u in a box?
How about the threat from you
This is a pissing contest no one wins Senator.  Please remember this.
Personally I don't care how you think the US should respond. I don't recall voting for you!  By the way you might try and help SC!
@LindseyGrahamSC A Busy MAN 
Let's start by impeaching our own spoiled dictator
The threat is from @realDonaldTrump!! #standup do something before insane Donald gets us all killed. @SenJohnMcCain
Did Trump share your cell phone number again?
It's time to get him out of the Washington. This is scary when you have a bully as POTUS. #StopTrumpsmadness
U shouldc respond with *congress declares war, not @POTUS @realDonaldTrump  *
I'm thinking "threats of fire & fury" from a resort podium and "twitter rants" will be on the "how not to respond" list?
Yell a lot incoherently? Oh we already tried that
Wrong answer. Are you sending your children out to fight? Doubt it.
Funny how you obviously have a total liberal following. You are not a true conservative for your state and will be voted out
You could start by voting against trump nominees and supporting impeachment
Absolutely
Thank the gods the media should still be spoken to.
Let's nuke it senator.  We need more parking space
This is the 42nd comment like this since last night. The bots are busy bent on destruction.
Better to Nuke than to be nuked
Hoping our leaders can get on the same page, as it creates confusion.
We could start by impeaching the president
I will be listening Sir
Maybe start by getting a grip on the guy in the White House?
Or getting him out of the whitehouse? (Permanently that it-not just for his frequent tax payer money sucking vacations & remodels)
Impeach?
The biggest threat from NK starts with #45, he's a failed experiment ditch him already
How come you don't speak at FOX? Is it because you are more of a Democrat than a Republican? I live in S.C. I WON'T VOTE FOR YOU AGAIN!
You would rather start a war in Syria or Russia. Make sure you back your President.
Start by getting rid of the unstable guy in the whitehouse #25thAmendmentNow
Please STOP the president from escalating this to war! @SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain
Let's face it, you're locked in a room with a madman and you need to do something about it.
What about the threat of our loose cannon @realDonaldTrump
Let's discuss the serious threat from the mentally unstable POTUS and how craven GOP Congress should be responding, shall we?
#Idiots
Stand up to @realDonaldTrump. Will be tuning in from Horry Co.
Doesn't matter what you think or say all the while that maniac is at the helm.
Can you put a piece of DUCT TAPE ON TRUMP MOUTH
Please get w/ your Senate colleagues & get Trump OUT before he ends up killing millions just so he can look like a badass. DJT=biggest risk!
Respond by getting that fraud con man out of the oval office. Stop being complacent,  country before greed. It's not that hard to figure out
Senator Graham this is Karthik from Bangalore,India,am a big fan of you,I don't get @CBSThisMorning in India,what do I do?
FIRE & FURY
Here let me guess: "I want to send other people's kids to fight in a war we don't need." There now you can just shut your chickenhawk mouth.
Address the question of NK and Iran being able to hit anywhere in the world with 100+ nuclear weapons at one time - coming very soon.
You better fully support @POTUS
N Korea is still a threat due to the diplomatic failures of successive administrations.  Does this administration consider war a failure?
yeah, great, how about u also talk next steps 2 remove @realDonaldTrump from office - you have tools avail to u to do it - country > party
Have Trumps back or Resign and Retire  ...
Don’t always agree with you but ur one of the more sane gop voices. Don’t let the orangutan run with this.
Tell ur Repub. to get on same page for once, threat of nuclear,should b no brainer for Repub,no put downs
Maybe you should take over this shit show

The best response is to #ImpeachTrumpNow
Make it good
Thank goodness for twitter, I will change the channel at that time just to hear what you have to say about this scary situation. 
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC
Please speak with the President. Oh, wait. By going on TV I guess you are. Biggest threat to this country is sitting in the Oval office.
Yes but it's Network not cable TV so 45 won't be watching
Enough talk action is needed to resolve this problem.
Our US Version of Kim reacted the wrong way yesterday. Like a little junkyard dog that played right into Kim's 
Take authority away from this man now.
We should respond by Impeaching the President! That will send a message that the rest of us are taking this seriously. 
#25AmmendmentNow
Please don't laugh this time when you're talking about people dying. 
None of it is funny
Ha
Shouldn't you just grab the nuclear football and run like crazy?
RINO democrat Graham
