Most states can't fix potholes, and you expect them to fix healthcare?!?
Amen sister.  His statement has me enraged.
SC and NC being 2 of them.
I wish they'd leave Kentucky alone. Myself, my friends/family have benefited from ACA. Tweak it, fix it, but keep it. My life depends on it.
And others are paying for your coverage.
Medicare for all! Every American deserves the same coverage given to US Senators . . . because they are Americans.
James, it's bankrupt and run by Government rules. Be careful what you ask for or maybe you prefer the VA. Trust. Only yourself.
Passing the blame (but not the bucks) to States to let poor and sick people die won’t work. Every American deserves health care.
And every American should stop smoking, drinking and lose some weight along the way.
Sure. But whether you die from it shouldn't depend on your income.
Can you tell me which state doesn't have cancer so we can all move there ?
You do not stand a chance of being reelected. You do not support the president or his agenda you're done bye-bye
If you do that the states will struggle and folks in different states will be treated differently.
Repeal Obamacare now, come up with another plan later.
Well Medicare is "one size fits all" and it sure seems to be working. Single payer sure makes sense.
#DrainTheSwamp ROOT CAUSE: "Potted Plants". SOLUTION: #TermLimits for ALL: POTUS & SCOTUS (8 yrs); SEN & HOR (12 yrs.) Get behind this 
except that it works in the UK, Germany, France, Canada, Israel, etc. etc. etc.
This thinking is why we have to have ACA.  Some states could care less and for u to state otherwise is a lie sir.
Repeal ACA, Repeal small group reform.  Expand Medicare & Medicaid with Fed subsidy (not loan) to states. Leave private insurance alone.
those that wrk in bz say ur upside down in thinking
Getting money out of politics is the only way to return America to the people.
No, no, no
#completerepeal NOW
So you're for overturning Citizens "United" (What a misleading name)
How bout get your greedy paws out of our healthcare completely! You F up everything you touch! Better yet, Congress should get on same plan!
!!!! BS !!!!
Why not just work with the Ds to fix the problems with Ocare. So much simpler, and then move on. No death threats, no millions left without.
What a stupid idea! We need health care for everyone, no matter where they live. People can't move to another state for coverage!  Ludicrous
We are called the United States for a reason Mr Graham.
bullshit...the founding fathers were FEDERALISTS, and they knew their shit.  You on the other hand are tribal and petty in your approach
This argument that people's basic health care needs are different because they are from different states is illogical
Bullshit
Only if each state gets enough $$$ & each state is commanded to use that $$$ on the best HC coverage possible for each of its citizens!
Stop talking and DO something for a change.
Let's get the Russians out and fix ACA.
Disagree.  Health care and affordability of insurance shld not be state dependent.  Work on cost drivers and make ins prems affordable!
(2) Would the populace redistribute themselves to the state that has the best deal for their particular needs?  Why should they have to?
Figure it out then. You had SEVEN YEARS.
A single payer healthcare system also would work.
And just like law enforcement agencies obtaining access to criminal records from other states FHCI FEDERAL HEALTHCARE INSTITUTE.
That type of approach allows Americans to move from state to state and keep their healthcare license. But the system is managed by the state
Senator I think you are on the correct path in finding a perfect solution to our healthcare crisis. A federal system managed by the states.
Are you kidding TRUMP IS GETTING THE MONEY AND HE IS DOING IT BY USING HIS PROPERTIES AND HIS TRUMP ORG. NICE JOB GOP
I don't want Jack returned to the states. Most state governments are poorly run. If you live in AL you will have nothing.
Easier always said but rarely ever done. States can handle it because they are closest to the people.
Because everyone on Medicare (federal healthcare) is just miserable. Lindsay, sometimes you just do not make any sense
Your idea is exactly the problem not the solution.
Why not work with Dems, health care specialists, Ins people, patient advocates and get this right?
How very simplistic and glib. Single-payer is the only reasonable way forward. The rest of the world is leading the way. Isn't that sad?
Nope. Fix it. Kids and seniors and working people all need to know wherever they live they can have access to care equally.
How will that work here in South Carolina?  We are already last in so many metrics.  You think we'll lead the way on health care?  Really?
No single payer is the answer.
Money and power needs to be removed from the insurance and pharmaceutical lobbyists not gvt.
How abt letting the states have privacy in their electoral information as well? Not a peep on that huh
Just like Medicare! Who needs single pay or? Oh wait--
I think all Americans deserve the same health care you people in government get.
I won't mention the state but it's a southern one. They tried to do it & they failed. So I'm thinking this idea is not a one idea fits all.
The one size is: all families want to take care of their loved ones without losing everything they've worked for. It's universal!
WRONG!!! TRUMP WANTS TO MAKE STATES RESPONSIBLE....GOVERNORS ARE AGAINST THIS....THE FED WANTS TO GIVE THE RICH TAX BREAKS!!
govt is involved whether it be state or federal. U just put it in a different wrapper & give it a new name. #singlepayer
Does that include diminishing the power of the national parties (RNC/DNC)? How about finding a way to get rid of Citizens United too?
Forcing HCare providers to compete in a free market without Congress granting them price + service MONOPOLY to gouge public is the antidote.
Can we get $ out of politicians and support campaign finance reform? Take away power fromthe kochs, Mercers and Russian dark $
So citizens united????
No! Giving all citizens equal care is the answer.  States have proven time and again they will not always act in citizens best interest!
But those Medicare cuts-Alzheimer's patients on the street.
Obama allowed states to tailor Medicaid expansion to their states with permission. Same could happen with tradional Medicaid.
Yeah... then we would die here with such and horrible governor...
YA YOUR SECRET BUDDY!! VOTE LG OUT
Divide and conquer. No thanks!
People think "states rights" equates to individual rights. It doesn't work out that way.
Wrong your distributing it to the insurance companies. Medicare for all. Citizens over insurance industry.

No sir.  Single payer, like the rest of the civilized world, is the answer.
right. in texas NOBODY but wealthy and big health , big pharm, big insurance will be helped by repubs
Not if you live in a state like Texas. We're run by nuts and ghouls who are still fighting th civil war!
complete, affordable coverage would, in fact, FIT ALL.
Shiiiiiiit! Dude, you're bought and paid for! Swamp Head! Both sides of the "aisle ". Pathetic talking heads. You guys Fd up. Retire, please
As long as you have the same healthcare as your constituents Senator
Lets apply same concept to Military spending. No more $1000 screws, $500 hammers and pointless trillion dollar wars.
Right you are, people in NC who didn't accept Medicaid expansion shouldn't pay for states that did
Get the lobbyists out of Washington so reps stop making laws based on donors wants over people's needs.
You can't get money or power out of anything. Ever.  That's why they are money and power.
2.) plus, I live in IN, my whole family lives in IN, I really don't want to move somewhere else if IN offers poor hc.  2 words: Single Payer
Why can't we have h/c as it existed B4 Obamacare? we called around, got what worked 4 us if not offered thru employment. It was perfect.Why?
Because it was far from perfect. DDigit increases yearly, inflated rates to ind not on group plans, preexisting conditions not covered etc..
Really?  That's the hill you think you can fight on?
single payer > anything gop thinks about health care.
Have you considered looking at how other countries are getting better results at a lower cost?
I agree w/ the former and disagree on the latter. Now is the time for UHC w/ cost controls and price regs for Big Pharma.
1.) Single payer is the way to go.  States are strapped for , so those who need hc most will likely get left behind.
That is true only if the state values the health of its citizens. I live in Texas. Not true here for women
Getting money/power out of Washington & returning it to the people is the antidote. States should be irrelevant.

You've got to stop worshipping on the altar of states rights. Some things are better run at a national level, Healthcare is one of them
nope that doesn't fly with American people ..don't play it's a states right.!!! we are the UNITED States of America !
You can't have 50 different health systems. Insurers won't go into markets that aren't easy to enter. 50 dif ins com create 50 dif palms out
Just sssshhhhh.
Every state with a different plan: recipe for disaster. #EPluribusUnum #UnitedWeStand
This new freedom would allow people with pre-existing conditions to choose between paying mortgage or insurance premiums. No thanks.
Why not (gasp!) look what other countries have done? Stop trying to reinvent the wheel & work together towards single-payer!
"Get rid of all the state lines" was the one intelligent thing  said during the campaign. National regulation of a 300 mil member risk pool
Replacing those of you who have been a fixture in DC...Is the answer
Health care is a right for all Americans, and should be provided equitably across the country.
Bullshit Senator. Divide and conquer works for insurance companies. Economies of scale work best with the federal government
Medicare for all Lindsey
He looks like a child molester
Yep. Work with Dems and be American. No reason my spouses overnight in the hospital with tests should cost $20,000! Thats the price of a CAR
The king of mumbo jumbo our senator from SC.
Plus term limits
Going back to 2009 is not an option. Free market didn't work then and won't now.  Both parties work together or we will replace you
Good evening @LindseyGrahamSC   
*States
You voted that money and power and Cherri stained clown into Washington, remember that!
Imagine the GOP trying to pass legislation without control of both houses. #hopeless
TRUMPCARE has collapsed again. Time to work in a bipartisan way with Dems to improve Obamacare. Stop playing politics with healthcare!
I think actually this is not really correct, but, don't think you really care, given you were going to vote for the ridiculous Trump care
If you believed that, you'd stand up to trump.
I really appreciate you Senator, but DC and its pols are trying our patience.  The antidote needed is a change is how pols work in DC.
NO SINGLE PAYER! Quit bailing out the Ins Co's that rake in $$BILLIONS! Work on why it costs so much, NOT WHO IS PAYING THEIR PRICES!
Very disappointed in you, Senator Graham.  You know this was a terrible bill.
The whole concept  of insurance  is shared risk.  Sharing it over the whole country  is the cheapest way.  Not state level screw ups.
How about we start with you resigning and leaving Washington?
And none of the bills proposed deal with the fundamental issue - that of rising healthcare costs across all spectrums.
Nope! Do your darn jobs!
1. obviously you don't have a pre-existing condition. 2. obviously you have never moved out of your home state.
1-SIZE FITS ALL is the biggest load of buzzword crap thrown around by the GOP recently.  We want better healthcare for all, not more chocies
Kicking the dirty can ....NC can't do anything decent for its people. Don't shirk compromise and problem solving duty off on states.
Is it really too much to ask for Americans to have the same access to medical coverage as their elected representatives?
Blah blah!
Not all states can afford it.
Dude! What a JOKE. You're the biggest money/power guy in Washington. Total corporate sell-out.
Fix it but must keep preexisting conditions, no life caps. Single payer would work. Not this cruel bill.
Srsly the states don't have the budget, and the poor can't afford to move to states that have better options. HC needs do NOT vary by state!
Just give people a public option ASAP, and then fund the CSR's/other components to stabilize the market. Not rocket science near-term.
Medicare is a "one size fits all" plan. It has a 85%+ approval rating from seniors. #MedicareOptionForAll
SWAMP IS DEEPER NOW THAN EVER!
Nope
Blah blah blah
I respect your views on Russia, but if you would've voted yes on this bill, you're putting the needs of rich donors before your constituents
And why can't we just have universal coverage like nearly all other industrialized nations?
your asking a lot from a white house that has everyone else interest expect the american people

why don't reps work to improve ocare.....instead of having a pissing contest so they can say they "defeated" it
I Agree with your approach.  I have always  had tremendous  respect  for you as an individual  and a senator.
God Bless you and your family
Wrong.....we all need to be in the pool together....not fight and compete individually....single payer!

Reminder to Americans who are consistently lied to because of corporate and government corruption. 
You're lying! If you really want to get money out of Washington, STOP taking checks from BIG PHARMA and INSURANCE companies.
Single payer allows people to choose any doctor they wish, but choice is just a talking point. A public option gives choice & competition.

Cool story.
Sorry people won't stand for others dying anymore cuz they were born in the wrong state
Sorry Lindsey. #SinglePayer is the ONLY way forward.
