Which people? More than 20% of #SC is on Medicaid. https://www.medicaid.gov/medicaid/by-state/stateprofile.html?state=south-carolina …
And there are more who need it
Everyone is holding you accountable.  Vote NO


You know how @LindseyGrahamSC likes to send our troops over seas hoping they die because the GOP don't care
I cant tell!  #45 and his followers are killing millions of Americans.  You will be voted out in 2018!  #WakeUp
How many hearings were there before this bill? ZERO??? Do your homework and do your job.
Trump-Tell lie -Make it big-Keep saying it-Eventually they will believe it-"Hitler" #TrumpDictatorship
Are all the people of SC rich old white men? If not, GOP just screwed them too.
My son with a pre-existing condition will die under this bill. He couldn't afford the insurance.
So far U R failing.  There is nothing that is health care in the bill & U should call them out on disguised tax cuts 4 rich.
Looking forward to working with you.
"You are killing me"
Remember what mana said. You broke it, you bought it.  And you'll pay for it at the voting box.
And cheaper and better for everyone as promised by Mr. Trump!  Thank you!
How can you do that? SC didn't expand Medicaid. S Carolinians are "high risk". SC won't accept waiver to cover these people.
So in other words, screw everyone but SC? What a progressive clown!
If fixing ACA is best option for SC will fight for that ?
Then promote less government & more state rights. Dismantle this government monstrosity that you have help create!!!
Then please don't support this bill cause it doesn't do that.
Here's a hint - it will not. Why are you trying to take away my healthcare? I have pre-existing conditions. Do you want to kill me? #NoAHCA
Are you being paid by the DNC to type this crap? If you pay attention for even a moment you know preexisting coverage is staying.
If you paid attention to what was passed, you'd know that there will be no guarantee pre-existing conditions will be covered. #TMYK
That's right. And if a bill was GOOD 4 CONSTITUENTS you should be protecting that bill, if something isn't rt, fix it!
Then don't vote it into law. Neat, I've solved a problem for you.
Never forget you work for the voters-we put you in the Senate seat-and we can vote you out.
please keep that in mind more often.
SC voters will decide and your seat with it.
well u stink at looking out for your constituents. No problem with Russia in the admin and wanting Obamacare to implode
No, your primary duty is to ensure it would be beneficial for ALL.
nothing in this bill benefits the people of SC.  Wake up.  #WeWillRemember how you vote.
Well good, if South Carolina is 100% male, and 100% healthy, you should vote yes.  If you have women and people who might get sick, vote no.
Then your job is to make sure whatever bill you vote on is better for the people than what is already in place.
Totally agree. As written, #AHCA hurts kids in SC. Please protect the kids you represent. They're depending on you. #KeepKidsCovered
What exactly is beneficial about making sexual assaults a pre-existing condition?
And it's not, so vote "No"
You voted for  "The Trump I don't care healthcare plan"your a hypocrite. You will be voted out or impeach along  with corrupt republicans
According to you, you have read it!!! But you voted!
Yes, your state ranks 42 out of 50 in income.  Are you a good representative of the people?
It won't
Actually, your duty is to do right by your constituents. This will harm South Carolinians. Vote no.
Then how can u even consider it? The # of people with diabetes, etc., in our state is astounding. This pre-existing BS is a death sentence
Please support improvements to Obamacare.
You are magnificent; thank you for all your help!
DO NOT MAKE IT LAW! PLEASE!!!
How the hell can you say that
Your needing votes you need to be replaced with a republican!!
Ha !  YOu care about yourself and ignore your constituents.  Remember, you were booed at your townhall.  Listen to the people !
Then please vote against it for us
If you vote yes, you are responsible for killing ppl. How much are you getting from insurance Co's for a yes? Can your conscience handle it?
And what is your assessment?
what is good for SC might I ask?
Well you failed
And it's not! This version is WAY worse, but so are you!
Then your primary duty is to vote AGAINST the bill. It will kill millions, including your precious South Carolinians!
Bullshit!!
No it will not. It will benefit you. Most of your constituents will be hurt!
I hope you take it seriously and vote no then - it guts insurance leaving your constituents penniless if ill - even employer insured. NO.
Before we say we are going to support it. Troublesome they way washington  behaves.
I am one of those people from SC and Lindsey: we can do better. This bill is bullshit.
We should first read the law make the law for all not some, remove the state waviers to opout of pre exsiting conditions and not raise costs
You tweet your mind but you dont listen to the people of sc. Look me up mr graham im in your district and rep. Just plain tried of it all.
Have you read the full bill Sir?
It's great to rep one state but there are 50 states to consider. It would hurt millions if you and others in Senate smash us.
You dont speak for all SC folks mr graham. My voice will be heard on the next election day 2018. I will not be voting for Graham.
and did it still give you your congressional exemptions and better protections than your employers the citizens of the US?
Well if cutting benefits for millions. Eliminating special needs, raising premiums fo ppl iver 50 while cutting taxes 4 the rich, go 4 it
"A bill -- finalized yesterday, has not been scored, amendments not allowed, and 3 hours final debate -- should be viewed with caution."
What an untruth and you know it. Sorry to see you side with an unfit bill. Whst is wrong with providing a healthcare bill that works?
You own it now.
What the hell does that mean
I think you mean the healthy wealthy men of SC
Beneficial for who? Blue cross? :)
Sadly the Trump Punch has been drank. Hopefully when it comes back up you aren't running for reelection.
We need more choices and lower costs.  In Chaleston county we have ONE choice and it's a total ripoff!!
It is not going to be beneficial to anyone but the rich. Stop this madness now, please
Speechless at the hypocrisy. Lindsey Graham tries to be on both sides of every issue deserves No respect. None
You were not when you voted for the 2 obama justices!!
Which people of SC? The many struggling to make ends meet, or the few who donate so generously to the GOP?
Unless your state is only filled with the massively wealthy then no it won't and any position otherwise is a lie.
Delusional
Thank you!
No. Your primary duty is to make sure it would benefit ALL Americans, not just the state that elected you.
That really isn't true at all. Like it's amazing how not true that is.
#IAmAPreExistingCondition  If you vote yes on this you will be harming every single resident of SC that has preexisting conditions.
The very people that helped put you where you are.  You need to remember that.  While it's unfortunate that we can't vote you out in 2018
Don't think we won't remember.
The RP has become a mockery.  Someone clinically insane is POTUS, while reps push through terrible legislation that helps 0.
The sole purpose is to try to erase everything Obama did. No regard for the poor, the suffering, Americans. And down inside U know it
Will it cover my diabetes and thyroid diseases?  My grandchildrens autism? My husbands heartdusease?
Are you going to use it?  Is it good enough for you and your family?
I have zero faith in you. When have you proven, since 45 took office, that the people of SC are your primary concern?
It is not better for South Carolinians without some serious overhauling. It is really just a tax cut for the wealthy at the expense of most
This bill is not beneficial for any American citizen. Talk some sense to the house please @LindseyGrahamSC #help #healthcare #reality
Please remember that. I do not see it benefitting me
NOOOOOO!! Your duty is to all Americans. We/SC elected you to help America, not just us!! YOU & Congress think wrong. DANGEROUS & SELFISH!!!
Obamacare is more popular than #POTUS45. Your constituents have pre-existing cond & NEED it. Only YOUR agenda is make it fail & repeal!
ITS NOT!!!!
Good luck with that loosing battle
As is your duty with EVERY bill that comes to the floor. No, is the only reasonable vote on this bill.
U r a straight up liar
it won't be, and you know it. Next election you're out.
All your consitutents who drink sweet tea and have diabetes are gonna have a problem getting insulin.
And the voters of SC primary duty and job will be to VOTE YOU OUT! Go whittle you a fishing pole,  you will using it permanently.
Your job is to protect the people in your district - all the people.  You don't deserve the honor of being a public servant

Spoiler alert: it won't be.
We'll see if you do your job, won't we?  Recent experience tells us in SC not to hold our breath.
Yes! Sen.Lindsey GRAHAM of South Carolina
well have you read it? and is it benifical to sc? if not, how can you be so happy about it's passing in the house?
Then you have a LOT of work to do. As is, AHCA is s moral disgrace and economic catastrophe.
It won't
You are low.  Lower than low.  Almost to the level of @POTUS but not quite.  Keep trying though.  You'll get there soon enough.
It's not. You literally JUST said it should t pass w/ no rating and no debate. You flip less than 12 hours later. Your days are numbered.
And Lindsey no CBO report ?? Shame on you
Way to put party loyalty ahead of your constituents. Enjoy your retirement with your fellow GOP ass kissers after the next election cycle.
Finally the death panels we've been hearing about for the last 8 years. Who knew the call was coming from inside the house?!?
Dinner with @POTUS, more concerned about unmasking than RUSSIAN COLLUSION, I don't know Senator- u appear to place party before country
You care nothing about the people of South Carolina unless it's election day.  You care nothing about anyone but yourself and Republicans.
@HolyCitySinner there are females that live in SC, so no,it’s not beneficial #IAmAPreExistingCondition
Liar!
Forget Americans in general.  Just like the Russia probe.
The south is going to be devastated by the House bill. It isn't the coastal elites getting fleeced here. Tell your people the truth.
It better not become a damn law.  It's a travesty and you know it.  Tax cut for rich, that hurts Americans.  Rape a pre-existing condition?!
If you want to stay a Senator you had better vote no
Which is not possible because it guts protections for the sickest americans
You better pay attention. You're better than that Senator. See thru the fine print.
You don't even know the costs yet. Unbelievable
Well, the devil is in the details Senator
So, your primary duty is to PREVENT this bill from becoming law because if it does it will hurt & lead to the deaths of many in SC!
Good luck with that. It's targeted to harm the working class in your state, like you don't already know. Try telling the truth.
Please keep this in mind as you review the bill, and place the interests of your constituents ahead of partisan concerns.
Did you really READ this bill!! Be honest ...
And you exempted yourself?
Go away Lindsey- you are just a trump rubber stamp #AHCA
get it done
It will not be! Shameful action on behalf of the American people today.
It's not. Analysis over.
It wouldn't
You will be voted out of office
You just dissed your entire public life to date, and I had great hope for you. Shame
fuck you, complicit bitch
You should have thought about what would be truly beneficial to the people of SC before you voted yes. Those people will remember your vote.
Sen Graham has not voted on this yet.
You are correct Mitch.Thank you for pointing that out.The Senate has not yet taken this up and I would hope that he would vote no.
Agree
Don't take away health insurance for people with pre-existing conditions. This bill hurts the working middle class the hardest.
It doesn't touch preexisting conditions.
If you vote this bill into law, kiss your job & your ass goodbye.
It's not.
Then DO YOUR JOB and protect your constituents. No exemption for MoC. No high risk pools.
It clearly wont
it will die in the senate or it will be GOP's funeral.
And we WILL hold you to this promise.
Your primary duty is to ensure it doesn't become law and take away healthcare from millions of your constituents.
What she said. Don't fucking do it, Graham.
And as it is written, it won't.
Not a lot of Fortune 500 companies, insurance companies, or billionaires based in SC, so I'd say that's a no... #VoteNoACHA #Trumpcare
Well Mr. Graham between Russia and AHCA we will see what kind of man you are. I am looking forward to it. Godspeed!
The people of SC will never vote you in office again.
Don't delete this tweet when you are wrong. I'll reply to it again when you are proven wrong.
It won't be beneficial to anyone. Ask dom violence & sexual assault survivors how they feel having those listed as pre-existing conditions
And it is not
Then your primary duty is to vote against and bury it, unless your entire state is of the 1%. You know that as well as anyone.
