You turned your back on the Republic and its citizens. You can make it right by voting no to confirm Gorsuch. There is someone better.
Right... Graham's going to change his vote
He probably wont but he has been put on notice.
I don't think he's worried
Two wrongs don't make a right. This is not good for the future of bipartisanship.
boooooo selling out. When one is not confirmed you move on to the next. You don't change the rules! #nuclearoption
You guys suckhttps://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/06/us/trump-russia-cia-john-brennan.html?smprod=nytcore-iphone&smid=nytcore-iphone-share …
Senator Graham, you sir, are a fine American.
Boo, you have sold out your stance on reaching across the isle by endorsing the #NuclearOption
#TRAITOR you ignored democracy to push a nomination through from a man that shouldn't be holding the presidency. You voted yourself out.
More proof that Republicans care more about party than country. What a sad day for our country.
Play by the rules, you'll regret destroying the filibuster.
You deceived us all!
I think you meant #confirmgarland
No. Find a more centrist nominee. The GOP will pay at the polls if you go nuclear Enough is enough. Stop dividing the nation.
"appointed because theyre a favorite son of a particular ABORTION that would not be fair to everyone else." thats EXACTLY what Keg&Sot ARE
you FAIL "senator," ur an EMBARRASSMENT to the chamber and the BLOOD OF INNOCENT dead babies is on your hands. NO, Kag&Sot are NOT qualified
leave your "lead by example" HOME where it BELONGS with YOUR OWN FAMILY, it DOES NOT FOLLOW YOU wherever you go. YOUR decisions KILL
you got your justice... now get justice for America. Investigate #TrumpRussia! We won't let this get swept under the rug!
Denied President Obama selection of a SC Justice and when R candidate was such an obv bigot and corp. Clown the had to place him thru deceit
As a resident of your state, I am very disappointed in what you and the GOP did today. You are supposed to represent us, not rule us.
You support Gorsuch for plagarism of documents.What sortof education did heget &is he applying it to hiseveryday life? He's a fake&a phony!!
Fucked up senator. 200 years of separation of branches destroyed by all you republicans today.
I hope your future family live impoverished because of your moral bankruptcy.
.@GorsuchNeil Vote No. Shame on Republican Majority for invoking Nuclear Option on Supreme Court Justices. A dangerous precedent.
Talk is cheap!!!
At what cost to our Republic Sir? Tomorrow you either become complicit in future Tyranny, or you use true grit #resist or
This is an opportunity for R's to work with Ds for a win:win. No nuclear option. First Merick, then Gorsuch. Just do it.
You and the rest of the GOP are cowards. You changed the rules to get your way, only to confirm a bad nominee. Shameful. Total disgrace.
Next time around I will vote for ANYONE who runs against you. You have no decency or integrity. You are a blight on South Carolina.
You and the rest of your gang are lower then pond scum. What your party did the"nuclear option" will come back get all
Good job destroying the two party system
I'll work my ass off to see you primaried. You are all talk for cover while you are lockstep w/ the rest of this despicable congress. Fraud.
If a SC nominee can't get 60 votes, it's the wrong nominee.
@GorsuchFacts #complicit
Forever a stain on our democracy.
#confirmGarland you traitor
Shameful. You can't win by the rules so you change them. Pathetic. This is why @TheDemocrats should never work with @GOP.
Why not burn the constitution next? Then you won't even need a Supreme Court!
Way to show what a coward you are! You talk big about the rules until you find one that stops you from doing what you want!
Shame on you. No on Gorsuch.
#Change the rules I thinks is time to change the whole #government then
You have just put the final nail in the GOP coffin. We r watching, we r voting and we are fed up with the GOP and the direction it is going.
You have the nerve to say the GOP had to do this to ever get a supreme court confirmation? How about picking someone more moderate? SHAME.
I admired the man I thought you were. I'm now disappointed in the man you really are.
HYPOCRISY ABOUNDS you POS
Congratulations. We will soon have a fake SCOTUS based on ideology instead of law. Judicial Branch is dead. God help America!
Eff u
Very disappointed in you, Senator. You will not confirm a sitting Presidents nominee..
But you will vote to confirm one nominated by a Potus investigated by FBI.
Shameful!!
GOP has no honor for tradition, only serve big business and their pockets. The next election season can't come soon enough!
if you vote for him, after Senate chose the nuclear option, starting a prayer group 2 pray for your death asap
Not a big fan, but saw your floor speech, nice ..Senate could have changed principles last year, but didn't ..don't let the standards erode
Hallow victory.
So you don't like the outcome with present rules then you change the rules so you get the outcome you want. Got it.
Enjoy it now. Voters will use their own nuclear option in the midterms.
Both sides should be ashamed of themselves today.
Merrick Garland
So sad he will sit in #TheStolenSeat. GOP will go to any length to get its way, constituents be damned.
You and your colleagues in the Rep. Party are reprehensible. You have created a precedent that will have horrible consequences in the future
Protest to Nuclear the Republicans in 2018!
#impeachtrump
I'm sorry I voted for you, it won't happen again.
Your hypocrisy is truly breathtaking to behold. We won't forget and we won't forgive. Today is the day you betrayed America. Shame!
Merrick Garland deserved a vote.
Thank you for supporting Garland.
Why are you tearing our democracy apart? #ego #greed Americans lose
Yes, lets confirm the ultra-conservative guy light years from the mainstream. #StolenSeat
Stop! It's not too late to save what's left of your reputation. Choose country first!
You make me ashamed to be from SC, I thought you were a man of honor and integrity, WE will VOTE YOU OUT.
If you can't get 60, you need a new choice
You and the rest of the Republican party disgust me right now. I have voted R a LOT. No more! 35 years as an "I" and I registered as D.
History will judge you and your cronies harshly
I have lost all the respect I had for you as a man and as a senator.
Again party over country. Absolutely disgusting.....
I hate you. I can't help it. #Garland should have had hearings !! The road to #hell is paved with #republicans #MSNBC #CNN
Merrick Garland
Where was all this when Garland was up? Too much of a partisan hack to remember?
And for this, you should be -- and will eventually be -- ashamed.
SHAME.SHAME.SHAME. I was starting to think @LindseyGrahamSC wasn't a major #SCROTUS tool, I was wrong.
Party over country! The majority of our nation does not support this pick. Changing the rules when you can't win is unethical! #sellout
STOLEN SEAT!
He should not be voted on until after the investigation of Trumps ties to Russia. Then he should need 60 votes. You failed us again!
The Supreme Court filibuster died on April 6, 2017. He was 211 years old.
right thing to do - I've never seen a better justice candidate. Sorry it had to come to this
Confirming him, fine, but changing the rules, in American and against democracy. I am disappointed you did not uphold bipartisan relations
This is sick.https://twitter.com/toddzwillich/status/850072525149286400 …
Lindsey Graham on the "sad day" thats come to the Senate via nuclear option: "To the extent I've been part of it, I apologize to the future"
#MERRICKGARLAND
I don't always agree with you, but thought you were better than this. Sad day for our country.
Gorsuch and Roberts are going to be awfully lonely in a decade.
Now that the filibuster is gone you can't stop my party from doing that first it's Kennedy, Ginsburg, Breyer the later on Alito, and thomas.
Yes. Let's have the "truckers should freeze to death" guy. You're out of touch.
Yay nuclear can't wait to have a 7-2 progressive majority on the court in a decade it starts in 2020 when dems fill 3 seats
#investigatetrump
Don't forget to give @oreillyfactor a Plug.
It will bite you!!!!
Shameful. We will never forget garland. It will taint Gorsuch for life. Every decision he makes will have an asterisk.
I vote NO!
Nope.
#confirmgorsuch sir, tho I disagree, you have my respect because you are reasonable. One of the greatest flr speeches ever.
Shame on all of you. #StolenSeat
Shame on you and this entire administration.
The next Democratic president will now have a chance to appoint Supreme Court judges free from Republican filibusters. Thank you Mitch.' DC
now U take a lot of criticism, but as a born&raised S.Carolinian now living in Va., I have a lot of respect for U! Today U didn't disappoint
The fact that history will not be kind to you provides me some level of comfort...
If our fellow citizens showed any capacity to actually learn from history it would bring me more. Our grandkids will do this all again.
#StolenSeat #MerrickGarland
Gorsuch will forever be tainted and you'll live to regret this when the next president picks extreme liberal judges and you have no recourse
Wondering how @LindseyGrahamSC will feel with Dem Senate & Rep POTUS unable to confirm. Short sighted & selfish.
"We the people" are tired of hypocrisy. You seemed to be a voice of reason for your party, then you fell in line and drank the kool-aid. Sad
I was very proud of you today. Your speech showed your love of the democratic process and your faithfulness to the office you represent. I
@SenateGOP Talk about Gorsuch fishing more than his rulings! Come On! This is a FARCE! We are NOT Fools! Do the right thing. No corp stooge!
Don't pretend to care about democracy any more. You are a fraud.
Be like @SenJeffMerkley! Be a HERO for The AMERICAN PEOPLE! Stand Up! The People will remember this in perpetuity. This is your legacy!
To be honest I have been confused with you lately. But your speech today was eloquent and filled with wisdom. Thank-you!
Stop w/ excuses hypocrite! Garland didn't deserve what he got either; SUCK it ¥ do right thing. Can U look N mirror 4 DESTROYING SENATE?
I don't agree w/ some of your rhetoric towards President Trump, however I totally agree on what you said on the Senate floor.
Your true beliefs are finally revealed: corporations > people.
You guys don't like the rules, you change the rules. Remind me to never play cards with you.
Why do you think you have no choice?! You have real options! The next nominee will still be Trump's nominee! Just get a less rabid one!
One word ... F O O L !!
#CONFIRMGorsuch The People have spoken. I'm with you Senator Graham.
#changethenominee
why speak at all since you already changed the rules so you could "win"?#worktogetherforAmericans #cheatersneverprosper
Merrick Garland
No on Neil!
Your statement was spot on. Humble, realistic and as always, very thoughtful.
You came so close to being a leader, sir. Your instinct told you that one judge isn't worth the damage to the Senate and SCOTUS. Listen pls.
CHANGE THE NOMINEE. ABORT THIS NUCLEAR ATTACK in Our Democracy! #abort #abort #abort
*on
No one cares if Gorsuch kisses babies. We care that he is extremely conservative and doesn't represent the MAJORITY OF AMERICAN'S Values!!!
No. Not until the Russian investigation is done.
We will remember this 2018 2020 your GOP will never come to power again we will fight the gerrymandering too
Credibility drops to ZERO. Plagiarized
People's liberties and protections under the law and democratic process ARE NOT A GAME! You disgusting hack. Real humans rely on Govt & Law
Can you confirm if you licked Mitch McConnell's balls? WE NEED TO KNOW. #confirmlickingballs
The guy is evasive & rabidly conservative. Not what The People want or deserve. He is a danger to Our democracy #nogorsuch #changethenominee
@realDonaldTrump LOST THE POPULAR VOTE! By millions. We the People did NOt select this. You are lying. You are playing games w. Our Lives!
What the hell is the matter with you freaking people?
Fear is a good speech motivator. Resign now and save yourself the humiliation.
Traitor.
CHANGE THE NOMINEE
No
Wow, you really do want to destroy the GOP don't you?
Democracy was so cool. I miss it.
BE CLEAR. The nuclear option is YOUR failure. It is bc YOU've become so partisan and uncompromising.
No move forward in the middle of,what should be,independent investigation on Russia collusion!! @CIA @OfficeGovEthics @FBI
Vote NO on Gorsuch! #NoGorsuch Lindsey you are better than this.
It would seem that none of them is, Senator Graham included.
Do not do this. Please. #UltraWealthyMenace #ProsperNotProfit #NoTheocracy #NoPlutocracy
Illegitimate judge, illegitimate president
Senator, what is your position on plagiarism? Will he just claim Chief Justice Roberts' opinions as his own?
Nobody cares what you are doing. I am a Dem who respected and defended you for years... Not Reps, YOU. You have proven yourself unworthy.
I'm kind of done with you Lindsey. I thought you were honorable, but went on OReilley show.
Go sit down.
So wrong
@SenateMajLdr has got to go. Anybody who would change the rules rather than follow them has forevermore changed and weakened our system.
I think you misspelled "Now using my trusty pickaxe to chip away at the foundation of American government."
A SCOTUS nom chosen by potus under investigation for TREASON by FBI, a known plagiarizer judge,&not enough votes. History will remember you.
You denied Garland a hearing or vote. Then you lost the popular vote. Then you lost Gorsuch vote. Then you changed the rules.
Now you have 45 & his campaign under FBI & congressional investigations for election collusion with foreign adversary. Go Lindsey Go!!
Get this partisan SCOTUS justice rammed through Congress quickly! Change the rules! Hurry! That's some check and balance there Lindsey.
So you have no problem with plagerism
Sounds like people really support your nominee...
The same #Gorsuch that was hand picked by #PresidentBannon who ran the racist hate site @BreitbartNews.
This is disgusting! Where are the checks and balances? Lindsey, I doubt you'll ever be reelected. Gorsuch is extreme and u know it.
#FrozenTruckerpic.twitter.com/3pGg6rYUzY
You fundamentally changed the senate forever, for a POTUS nominee that is under a counterintelligence investigation by the FBI. WTF
Party over country. Despicable. We will not forget when election rolls around.
Vomit
Winning is fun.
MERRICK GARLAND.
You going to mention that he was nominated by a pres under investigation for treason?
No Hillary lost and never nominated anyone she was investigated for treason. FBI is doing counter intelligence investigation not treason
Also note the target of investigation is Russia which includes possible collusion from American citizens witch includes everyone
@GrassleyPress said he asked Comey if Trump was being investigated and he said no.
Plagiarizing SCOTUS nominee, picked by a POTUS under FBI investigation.
