#GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
Hahaha oh right. You like pictures!  #TrumpRussia
Watch the *countless* times Trump and his team denied any collusion or ties with Russia 
#TrumpRussia
FLASHBACK: Mike Pence January 2017.

Q: Did any Trump campaign member have contact with the Russians?…
#censure #CensureTrump  #HR496
This was quite a segment from @CNN that will be shared far and wide 
Please do. I want to watch him get stomped and cry to Fox news about how the Dems used logic and it was so unfair.
Bernie looks like a grumpy old man that hasn't been laid in a century
Bc @LindseyGrahamSC doesn't like kids....#GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
Oh great. You both mock it, @BernieSanders offers something we can't afford to do and @LindseyGrahamSC offers something that takes away care
Sure we can afford single payer ins keep trump off the golf courses - mnuchin and price out of private jets,forget tax cuts to the wealthy
I love the IDEALS of Bernie but friends in high places say that the numbers just don't jibe.
Other friends say they do.
Not trying to outdo, but my buddy has a PhD in this arena and has had Elon Musk and Dick Cheney in his audiences.
Never have understood how the wealthiest nation on earth cant afford universal healthcare - greed I think is the answer. PHARMA - INS.
My buddy's take was withing the parameters of the political system as-is, but I think you're right. I'll listen to @BernieSanders and see.
"within"
Wonder which one will go the farthest to the Left during the show.  LOL!
Not interested in Graham's lies & propaganda on GOP #Deathcare. Have very little interest in Sanders socialism either.

#SaveACA
Graham better strap on his balls, quick like.
@LindseyGrahamSC BS? Little Lindsey couldn't take on a baby.He'd get ass whipped like McCain does him.
Why is he always so mad?! 
Hope Sanders wipes the floor w/them.
Good God. A debate between dumb and dumber.
CNN will have one night of good ratings
Roast his ass Sen Graham
Sad when media outlets try to cast a character with a bad picture for an article. If the article is good enough it would be unnecessary
Burnie is an angry, ugly out of date huckster!
That actually sounds terrible.  Thanks for warning us.
Bernie will continue screaming health care for all through out making his debate relevant
This is going to be the best freak show of the year.
he's just a righteous dude wrong most of the time
Bah humbug,
Lindsey and Bernie , 2 losers that are not in touch with the reality of their incompetence. The fact that they are a national stage ; sad !
This is the face I make when I hear the name Bernie Sanders.
What could Daffy Duck & Goofy say or do to benefit Americans? Both of theses phonies are for sales
Go Bernie!
What's with that face?
I won't watch CNN
"They both go into the cage, we lock the door behind them, then we go out for a couple beers, a weekend in the country, trip to grandma's...
I hope Lindsay had his fainting couch nearby
Bring it, Graham.
Try telling the truth when you talk about your bill. Remember Karma is watching and will get revenge if you do not tell the truth.
This won't go well. Two sides arguing about what's wrong with Obamacare and agreeing we're better off without it.
BE A HOMETOWN SUPER HERO !
Call your State Senators at 202-224-3121 to defeat the Graham-Cassidy Healthcare Bill.
 RESIST!!!!!
