Can you give us an idea of exactly HOW you are going to "fight back against"
Many of us are curious.
Graham's commissioned a new frowny face emoji for his social media accounts that will convey "I'm unhappily but unwaveringly complicit."
Seems like it. I'm just like "stop with the tweets until you have action to back it up. K thanks" 
Each time it gives us some sort of false
Hope. False hope that the republicans with do the right thing, the American thing. 
Until they do, stay away from the twitter condemnation.
Exactly. He might not have the self-awareness to realize how weak & complicit it makes him look. Nobody confuses it w/courage or principle.
But he still has the chance to be THE hero. The first republican who stands up, will forever be remembered as the courageous one.
That happened already in addition to Garfield the first 10 African American elected to congress by 1875 all Republican.
It may have been the republicans, but it has ALWAYS been the liberals fighting for social justice. Parties switched sides. Do your research.
When will your collegues in the HOUSE begin impeachment proceedings? It is win/win for you. You get Pence. We libs hate him too.
FOR WHAT! HONESTY?  @POTUS has denounced David Duke et al on record Years!  Your overt agenda is ridiculously destructive & ignorant. @WSJ
Don't just tell us in patriotic looking memes....ACT!!!!!!!!
President Trump condemned all the violence in C,Va. You're rehashing the lies of MSM. The KKK endorsed Clinton and Obama. Shame on u.
So staunch, fighting the people who try to hold you accountable.
Wrong side of history, dude. Don't fight that idea, listen to it.
You could have said you fight against any welcoming mat for the kkk, but you didn't did you?
You challenge being associated with the notion.
That welcoming mat exists, and it is getting plusher and plusher:
Photo thread - Pay attention to the direction the riot police is facing. 
Why is it that every time Republican mention they are the party of Lincoln, it is in defense of something racist they said or supported?
It's because Lincoln was a member of the progressive party.  Not the conservative. Your party shares a name work Lincolns party. That's all.
talk is cheap.
Actions speak louder than words, Senator. Please act.
From this day forward i am going to urge my senator to oppose @LindseyGrahamSC on all actions since graham is dividing republican party.
DE Democrats cut this program in order to fund fluff programs.
join graham in the march to remove all statues from gettysburg
Talk is cheap! DO something about failing @realDonaldTrump - a danger to our nation & world! #ImpeachNow #25thAmmendment #TrumpRussia
The longer he stays in the more you own it senator... your move....
Party of Lincoln? Lincoln took action! You are all talk.
Lindsey, come out of the closet already and put that D in front of your name. U r the problem you tool.
so glad to see more and more Republicans stand up for the right!!!!
@GOP has no guts to fight back @realDonaldTrump . You voted 92% with Trump
Is this why trump decided to pick on you. THANK YOU and others who stand against the HATE
Your party allowed this mess, its your turn to clean this shit up! get Trump under control or kick him out. Grow a pair
thank you senator
It should be "all republicans." At least, "most republicans!"
He is a disturbed man who is not protecting the Republic from Domestic or Foreign Enemies. #ImpeachNow #WriteTheArticles
First you hate him cause of the Charlottesville thing then you say he is you President cause he did something about Afghanistan you like.
WAR HUNGRY, IF YOU CANT HAVE IT INTERNATIONALLY, YOU WILL HAVE IT DOMESTICALLY HUH. EVEN IF IS YOUR OWN FUCKING PARTY, YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND?
your comments about Trump are abusive. Dem identify politics is destructive. You suck!
Maybe you’ll start to act like one of them?
Look here dude you can't hate Trump one day and then suck on his assehole the next.
That statement is not true and you know it. Offer solutions, not silly phrases.
Saying tsk-tsk is not fighting back. #ActionsNotWords, @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP
Actions speak louder than words.  The @gop has not acted.
blah blah blah just words just words just words blah blah blah blah toady toady toady toady
Lindsey nobody is taking you seriously. Save your breath we need action. Trump must be impeached he's your man. Time for you to manup.
Graham likes to sit on the fence. He is not a man like McCain.
Very True!!!!!!!
Lincoln? You mean that president who wanted to ship blacks back because they were never going to be equal to us? He was a liar like YOU
ALL of us who voted in the GOP who has the house and Congress and can't get anything done and stand behind the President who by the way is
Do something about it, please. Censure him, impeach him, collectively stand up and walk out of his next Congress address. #ImpeachTrump
Fucking DO something about it

... then maybe TAKE ACTION against a @POTUS who seems to court David Duke more every single day?
NOT TRUE he has denounced & it is on the record for over 20 years. Your statement is false and conflated. @POTUS was honest re: c'ville.
CONSERVATIVE !!!!
And his agenda....you weak conservatives are killing us ..you and the others OWE our President and us an apology for lying and misleading
The GOP are a sad state of affairs and in 2018 might as well vote democrat because your lack of ability to stand with those who voted Trump
No you're not go back to bed
Then do something Impeach him Kick his lackeys out of WH Take back Lincoln party Have some pride Grow some balls
But even more won't. Not because fear their supremacist base, but because they fundamentally agree with them.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. We don't care about your words anymore. We're sick of your words. Heard them too many times. Do something.
Okay, so are any of those Republicans actually going to do more about it than furrowing their brows and being Very Deeply Concerned?
@realDonaldTrump sets tone for @GOP right now & he's got a welcome mat out for David Duke. Only way to fight back = change tone. #Impeach45
What are you going to do?
So it took Heather being murdered and people being beaten to react to hatred why?
Then do something about the standard bearer of your party that does.
Cool story bro. When will any of you do so in practice?
Put your money where your mouth is
Look out Lindsey is deeply troubled again.  This time he's just going to have to go ahead and do nothing about it again.
Too little too late. 
Should have come to you when Trump "didn't remember" his father's old friends.
Amen! And most Americans are NOT racist!!
You seem to have an awful lot of talk for a man with power to fight back with meaningful changes.
Explain your support of the white supremacist trump then.
I hope so but haven't heard from too many of them.
Thank you for Speaking Out ! In a time of chaos in our Country we need YOU and others in Washington to Stand for US ! U R appreciated !!
Y'all let them in. Y'all get them out.

But WHEN will they fight back?
"The time is always right to do what's right".  It is TIME for the Republican to do the right thing and Speak up against ANY form of racism
I surely hope you're right, sir.
@LindseyGrahamSC You are doing the right thing by speaking up for what is right. Every single elected official needs to do the same.
@LindseyGrahamSC It is your moral imperative to stand up to protect American values of inclusion and equality
Let us know when you get around to it, I have a feeling it'll be hard to tell when that starts.
Stand your ground, Lindsey. We are counting on you.
Don't say, do!!
Then let's see you do something about it.  I want it to be the Party of Lincoln again!!  I appreciate the words, but action is needed!
Wouldn't it have been simpler to just ban the bad guys? Even Germany has banned the Nazi party. KKK and Nazism have no place in a free world
Grahamma, you can't even say his name. He's welcome as long as you're quiet.
Can you give us a game plan? Do they involve impeachment and getting rid of the Nazis in the government?
I think it's inaccurate to say "Many Republicans do not agree.." as far as I see that "Many" have sold their souls to white supremacist

And yet you do nothing but talk or tweet a little ... and gerrymander and ID away minority votes
Many = 3 or more, but far less than the majority of Republicans, right? #GOPdoesNotCare
Then please either Impeach or Ammendment 25! Don't just be a "paper tiger," ACT on this!
So impeach already. Spouting this DOES NOT MATTER. Have a spine. I once respected you.
Then DO something about it. Enough empty words.
Thank you
I bet you will support every voter suppression tactic available. Say you love everyone but only" certain" people should vote.
Thank you Senator for speaking out
Lindsey, if you do something REAL to stop Trump, I will marry you, move to South Carolina and learn how to make your favorite meals..
Again with the words! Where are the actions to back it up? You're lack of action will be your legacy. #ImpeachTrump
Bigotry & hatred will be flocking to Chicago rally. Train is growing force. Where is the @GOP ??
I haven't heard any protests from these Republicans So I presume they are liars and cowards
If only you were part of some governing body that could enact laws to prevent this time of stuff from happening.
As long as the Divider in Chief is in the WH - your words mean nothing.
"many Republicans"  actually MOST of them, including you senator; are doing nothing to stop this.  Words aren't helping.
Check his Twitter compliments and his voter registration card. He's all yours.
Then quit being complicit, Sen. Graham.
Enough crap, dude. Unless he comes out and explicitly says that he does in fact support that cold fart loser Duke he's innocent of charge.
As a South Carolinian, I'd like to see more action and less talk from my representatives. You're judged by what you do, not what you say.
Yeah, we'll see.  Actions speak louder than words.
THEN QUIT YOUR PARTY!!! Is it really more important to you than your country!?!
Mr Graham...
I'm not seeing a welcome mat here...
You and John McCain together make a two headed SNAKE! I wish you would back up the @POTUS! I would not vote for you for a garbage collector
What in the world do you mean by this statement??  Should POTUS order them all shot because they so not fit your mold? Free Speech!!!
Well @GOP hold the power to deal with this filth they call president. I don't see much happening.
Make no mistake #trump taints all of you
change parties
https://twitter.com/TaylorLorenz/status/896442225600671744 …
I am sure your are more intelligent than this ... both sides were planned and funded we know you should know #MAGA is what voters want
Tweeting doesn't mean anything anymore.. you have to stand in front of your peers in front of cameras and say ENOUGH!
Well, how exactly are you going to do that Sen Graham? In any meaningful way? Like getting this president out of the White House? #Impeach
Many Republicans better denounce Trump by name. Any chance of that happening before midterm campaigning begins? Didn't think so.
Then for the love of baby Jesus, DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
Civilians are stepping up where you & your fellow pols won't, & are dying for it.
THEN FUCKING DO SOMETHING!
Then do something about him!
Do they though? Any time they want to take actual, active steps to oppose this racist dingbat's policies, I'll be willing to listen.
THEN DO SOMETHING, SENATOR!!!

Your tacit complicity is the ONLY reason this is still going on.

Words are NOTHING.

ACT.
#ImpeachOrResign
Then do something.
Replace "many" with "a few" or "some" and you have an accurate statement!
Please let there be a little bit of bite to this bark
Many??? Please, explain why not all?? Better yet, please provide us with a list of the Republicans who side with David Duke
Please do the right thing and call on Trump to resign or take steps to remove him before he takes America past the point of no return.
That's great Senator, but why don't ALL republicans disagree. The "many" qualifier is a little unsettling.
Didn't Coretta king tell you about sessions
Thank you, Senator, for using your voice for good!  Please do all that you can to help us recover.
Prove it. Actions. Not words.
Only the media trots out DD every fews yrs to remind ppl who he is.  Why do they run to get DD's opinion on anything?  We don't care.
Words like these make me glad that you are our Senator.  Keep standing for what is right and good, no matter the politics.
when are you going to start?
#ICYMI: #Trump / @GOP MURDERED #HeatherHeyer.
#Complicit
https://www.instagram.com/p/BXvRmZRgIiY/ 
#RipHeatherHeyer #RIPHeather #TrumpsWishes #TrumpWantedThis
Gee, you were in tears over Sessions being called a racist. Does David Duke know something you don't, or are you a lying hypocrite? 
Does this mean that you and other Republicans will work with Dems to Censure POTUS? @RepJayapal
Too bad 67% of YOUR party supports @potus on his response to #Charlottesville. Kinda why I'm a Democrat @TheDemocrats
Agree .Congress need to do something.This is getting out of control !!
Aren't u same party who leverages gerrymandering to suppress Dem votes, put Jeff Sessions a well-documented bigot in DOJ? POL, you're not.
Swampy, I'm going to invite all the folks w/negative comments on y/Facebook to view your hateful comments on Twitter:-)
You and your many R are COMPLICIT - stop with your meaningless tweets - ACTION #impeachtrump
You mean the "Party of Lincoln" that is fighting to establish Jim Crow-era voter suppression laws all over the country, this time?
is the rep party that of Lincoln or Lee/Davis. couldn't be both in 1861, and I don't think you can be now, right?
Umm, educate yourself.  @POTUS called David Duke out back in 2000 in interview with Matt Lauer.
The best way you can do that is to tell the Confederacy-Apologist-In-Chief—whose words are meant to encourage white extremists—to resign.
Thank you so much. I'm a Dem but if you were POTUS I would have so much respect for you because you are honorable. Unlike current POTUS.
That may well be true, but @LindseyGrahamSC , it is also true that GOP can not win without Nazis/Racists.  #Math
A white supremacist apologist leading your party is the ultimate welcome mat. And the GOP Congress is his doormat and abettor.
@realDonaldTrump has turned the Party Of Lincoln into the Party Of George Lincoln Rockwell. #trump #gop #Charlottesville
"Many"
Lindsey, remind them that a Confederate sympathizer assassinated Abraham Lincoln!
Act!! Don't just fucking tweet!! #ActNow!!
Too late.  Nixon's Southern Strategy, Lee Atwater, Pat Buchanan, David Duke, Reagan in Mississippi ring bells?
See @realDonaldTrump.  Now to light that fire under Lindsey and the rest of the GOP and Article 25 your ass!
The republicans that fail to stand with this president WILL be voted out! And YOU I can't wait for!
Actions speak louder than words, Senator. DO SOMETHING about the disaster in the WH.
Too Little Too Late #TakeActionNOW

@SpeakerRyan "What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say" Ralph Waldo Emerson #ProtectDemocracy  
With "Republicans" like YOU, Sen. Graham, who needs Democrats?
This guy has got to have something to hide, not only his crossdressing. He'll say just about anything; lying is so natural to him; scary.
#SayHisName
Ok well why isn't he a democrat? Your a fair man Mr. Graham,but Trumps not the only one...But starting with him would be nice
You are spinning the rights of Americans to vote who they want to vote for. So, you are saying that DD must vote for someone else other?
Then these many Republicans need to unwelcome Trump from the Republican Party.  He doesn't belong.
Cute but meaningless. Please clarify in terms of today's Congress!
YOU are a politician
YOU won't tell the truth, and 
YOU are too cowardly to stand up to the Left.

DO be careful with the Lincoln propaganda
Too Late !!
There's a reason a majority of the minority won't vote Republican.
Never trust fossil fuel #polluter mafia crooks. #BOYCOTT and EXPEL Tillerson, Trump, Pruitt, Perry, Zinke, Inhofe, Putin, Carson, etc.
EXPEL Trump/GOP for organized CRIMES of climate denial, fossil fuel pollution, racism, misogyny, bigotry, lies, CORRUPTION
Thank you for this. But you're late on this. Your party has been playing footsy with white supremacists for far too long.
We're going to"fight back" by green lighting every racist Choice he makes
From tax cuts/ Wealthy
To assaulting the poor
NOW your offended
And yet they confirmed every racist choice of his..

And there will be very real consequences for the Republicans
U all better do more than talk. The country was taken over by a regime of KKK and trump is their leader
Well, the "fight back" you must wage is against Trump. He is unfit for the office and each day he is there America grows darker.  End it.
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC !

That's the definition of the southern strategy @LindseyGrahamSC .  My parents and grandparents are @gop because of anti-school-integration.
It's good you're finally opening your eyes but in reality, your entire party deserves to be out of power for a generation for this.
Then do sronething about it! Show the world you and your party care more about the country and not the party. Utilities hen? It's all talk!

I look forward to being pleasantly surprised when this happens.
Fight? As in, sending slightly distressed tweets?
NO ONE said that.
ran racist, xenophobic birther fraud v country & sitting black #potus w/o widespread condemnation but can't condemn David Duke. #telling
But it's ok with the GOP if you can cut taxes on the rich. You forgot that part.
You've supported, excused, and voted for his appointees and programs- this outrage is just sound and fury. And not even fury. #Complicit
Stand up to Trump. Stop voting with white supremacists, there's no middle ground with ppl that want to honour racist traitors!
Powerful graphic
@realDonaldTrump . Trump is slowly self destructing. Why is this OK WITH MANY OF HIS VOTERS defies logic. He is not in control. Scary times
How will they fight back?
Actions speak louder than words.
Many Republicans do not agree and will fight back against the idea the Party of Lincoln covers for Marxist front groups.
We don't see you doing anything Lindsey Graham absolutely nothing sitting on your dick doing nothing running your mouth that's all
I hate to burst your bubble, Senator, but the party you built really believes in what Trump is doing.
67% of Republicans approve of Pres. Trump’s reaction to #Charlottesville attack, @CBSNews poll finds. http://cbsn.ws/2uLqEEY  
Lindsey is all lip-service. And ocassionally thumb-service.
#DoSomethingGOP
@angeil then fight against racist policies and fight for equal policing & incarnation of all. Don't just fight overt racism
incarceration
Then ACT. stop hiding behind tweets.  You and GOP need to ACT to stop Trump and his destruction of America.
Lindsey,

You should be commended. I await the many in your party to renounce what is going on here. I shudder at where we are. #complicit
Lincoln fighting for federal law over state law isn't exactly small government.
Dude you know that the ideals of each party have swapped decades ago.
BINGO
