Pleassseeee tell us Americans that you WILL get an independent council going
Prepare to be disappointed, just watched him on Morning Joe.
Saw him on CNN.  Bottom line, he did reiterate that firing the FBI chief wouldn't stop any Russia investigation & that's #1 for me
Right but anyone appointed by Trump is typically his scrooge. Sad attempt to replace Director who will kill investigation.
Imo it won't work to kill the investigation. And @JohnWDean thinks that too. He would know (he's from Nixon era admin)
I sure hope not. This needs to be investigated because it involves the security of our nation at the highest levels.
Agreed. The #resistance has to remain steadfast. No need to be divisive & hysterical, we need to be calm & strong. Country first 
Bozo
Comb over the facts and choose Trump over Country
To restore public confidence in our govt and WH, there needs to be a public hearing with all members of the admin testifying under oath.
Get trump under control, now. Private investigation. He myst be removed
TELL THE TRUTH!!!!!!!!!
Demand a special prosecutor now! Congress job is to be a check on the executive branch. Start doing you job!
Didn't much of a job of that for the past 8 years

nice self portrait
Solomon was gay and Judas was a hero.
@LindseyGrahamSC please make sure the truth comes out
When @POTUS goes down in flames, history books will record what you said/did this week. Choose Wisely. #AllIn?
Lindsey, you know how this looks.  Like a Russian investigation inhibitor.  If there's nothing to hide, why make it look so Nixonion
Will you be doing more of @realDonaldTrump 's bidding? what happened to you?  its not time to move on  #doyourjob
Very disappointed in you!!
Stand up for our union. I hope you're still one of the good guys.
Just to watch u embarrass yourself?! When will 1 Repub have morals & integrity to stand up for what's right? #notnormal #cnn #coverup #liar
#IndependentInvestigation #independentProsecutor
"It's time to move on"??? Trump just fired the man investigating the Trump campaign and you want to move on?  Egregious.
You are letting everyone down! It's a non partisan let down too!
#IndependentInvestigation #TrumpRussia There is nothing else to say
I do not tune in to CNN given they've decided to be the next West Wing Talking Points carrier, but I hope you stand up for America not Trump
you are a shill
Do what you have to do but get Trump out of Washington
Stooge
Do your job and stand up for our country and democracy. Call for a special prosecutor.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Underwhelmed @MorningJoe. Outrage is the Timing #comeyfired. #NationofLawsNotMen #SpecialProsecutor
Ignore democrat trolls hypocritically questioning the firing of Comey. The Russia probe continues people. Hillary's friend is in charge now
Grow some balls Graham and speak out against Trump. He's a traitor and needs to be in jail!!! You could be a hero here
Get off your ass and do something. A joint committee is just more bs. Independent Investigation #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #trumprussia
Lindsay...now is the time to grow a pair and stand up. No excuses please
Will you call for an independent investigation? If not, why bother?
Stand up senator, America has no confidence in the process, we need #SpecialProsecuter
You are a huge flip flopper! I'm losing respect for you! Sounds to me like Donald called and ask you to support his lies. So you will! 
While I appreciate cool, calm & collected, now's the time 4 all good men 2 come 2 the aid of our country This isnt a drill.
... for more obsequious nonsense...for more craven abandonment of principle... and for more vapid hero worship
Don't be hypocritical, remember your Air Force Values - Integrity first, Service before self, Excellence in all we do... @AlisynCamerota
Don't embarrass SC or our country. Call for an independent investigation of Russia-Trump ties. COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY, @LindseyGrahamSC.
I expect to heat confirmation of your support for an independent investigator.
As a patriot or as a republican this time? Please choose country over party this time.
Artfully dodging as always.  Sooner or later peeps need to be accountable.
I thought that you were a patriot how can you support Trump's decision to fire Comey at this time when he's being investigated by Comey???
Sen Graham is not @POTUS fan.  Relax and follow him on twitter.
Не забывай ... Путин смотрит
Choose country over party. It is time.
Try not to be a massive disappointment to the country and citizens you serve
Russian diplomat  with Tillerson just laughed about Comey being fired...your response??
and sir, you OWE Americans the truth,  whether you like it or not. Thanks for adding more to #Resistance rolls. Wont rest until truth comes
Trump was a coward. He didn't even have the balls to call @JamesComeyFBI & fire him directly #TrumpIsACoward #ImpeachTrump #LyingDonaldTrump
Actually don't waste your time, Lindsey is parroting Trump talking points! Time for him n Trump to step aside.
Just read reporter arrested for asking HHS Price a question he couldn't answer.  First admendment is dying and you are letting it happen.
Hope it's better than your appearance on Morning Joe, because that was embarrassing.  Country over party, Senator.
Disappointing once again. Lindsay, grow a pair of balls and put Country before Party or you're complicit with traitors. Special Prosecutor!!
You put a uniform on Lindsey ... What the hell did we fight for ... this? What did the boys and men die for on those monuments in DC?
An independent prosecutor is needed immediately & you Senator need to be on-board! Don't put party over our democracy.
saw you on @Morning_Joe. Your support of Trump's decision and disregard of timing issue said it all. You r part of WH coverup. #GOPCorruptAF
Word is out that Trump wants Rudy Guiliani as FBI Director. Please tell me this won't happen. Most partisan person EVER!
Not with that POS @ChrisCuomo ? Who was quite frankly #sexist with @KellyannePolls Everyone should Boycott these Political Hacks
Yeah, I saw you. Gutless
Appreciate you staying above the political fray. Trusting you will conduct a fair investigation, as you noted this is not yet a criminal one
Will you step up, or stick to your latest position as Trump's lapdog? Do the right thing! #IndependentInvestigation
DC is now Moscow West hopefully the rest of the Senators will step up
I hope you come to your senses before then.   Pull your head out of the sand Senator.
So disappointed in you. Smdh
1. Give James Comey general immunity. 2. Subpoena James Comey to testify publicly before Congress. 3. Take away Hillary's shoelaces.
Why? So we can hear you get in line with Dear Leader?
Unless it's about impeachment or an independent investigation, your words mean nothing.
lol. no. whats awful is the attempt to obstruct justice and truth. pretending to care how hillary was treated is laughable.
Sergei Lavrov just laughed at America really he laughed
Thanks Lindsey. My service to my country to keep us ahead and strong in the world has been brought down by you and your colleagues!
If you don't call for an Independent Investigation, you are putting Party above country. And you know it.
Meanwhile he's still has his fella meeting with Russians, how naive Lindsey and it's sad we're depending on naive folks like u 2 protect us
Are you a sycophant or not?
Why so we can hear U back up your Master, Trump? U are as sorry as the rest of the US Government. Only out for the rich
Dude, it's 5:30am in California! Too early for TV for me. Stand up for America. Partisanship time is over. We're depending on you.
And that includes for anything over the next 10 years that FBI agent does.He will be tainted. Either request a special counsel or step aside
You disappoint me!
Sorry Lindsey not after your MSNBC interview very disappointing?
Patriotic Republicans for truth and justice. Do they exist? Guess we'll find out
I really hope you will defend our democracy
I used to think you were a courageous patriot. I was wrong. The American people deserve answers.
He can change that this morning.
Seems you're on quite the TV run!
We will never accept any outcome from a Trump appointed FBI
It is time for @GOP to part ways with @realDonaldTrump
What's with this calm cool nothing here attitude. If your so alright with dismissal why U never heard one negative word towards Comey from U
I will NEVER watch the #fakenews Clearly NOT News.
You HAVE to look at all sides & understand that we feel that if this was going to be fine it should gave been before March 20th
*fired
Please for the love of country, call for an Independent investigation. I've long voted for you and am depending on your patriotism.
Well, considering Senator Graham's already stated position, you might want to find someone else to vote for.
No shit.
Represent everyone sir. Everyone.
Do your job, Senator Graham! Independent commission!!!!
Please do NOT do away w pre exist condition!  It is already hard enough to afford meds for Type 1 diabetes!
Somebody run against this loser.
You have a chance to be a patriot
He's going to let Trump get by with everything. Why should we trust U @LindseyGrahamSC ? U aren't for the people, U are for the wealthy
