I don't understand why there can not be a bipartisan effort to put forth a good bill . Not a " well it's better than the status quo " bill.
Idiot
Horsecrap!  Do something for the people and not just for your pocketbook!  For shame!

Hey @LindseyGrahamSC How could you listen to my concerns for my child's life & then propose a #healthcarebill that could kill her? 
To Hell with a deadline.

I agree with my friend @SenJohnMcCain: a sustainable solution to healthcare requires a bipartisan solution & regular order. 
You are the devil in a suit.
I say Hell no!
"Status quo" = 32 million more Americans insured, 20% lower premiums, & pre-ex coverage VS. your monstrous plan. I like "status quo".
You are completely incorrect on this. Status quo would be better served by joint legislation with other party, as you yourself said.

@LindseyGrahamSC is showing he is advocate of hate by using Breitbart for his message

This from May 6 is an infuriating artifact: both Cassidy and Graham criticizing House for EXACT thing they are doing https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/05/06/does-it-pass-the-jimmy-kimmel-test-asks-senator-who-authored-proposal-to-replace-obamacare/?utm_term=.a71d3db5362e …
No it really doesn't
And your pitch for this was a total joke too!
Go to regular order. Bring this country together. Graham you better than this.
Why do you want to hurt poor people?

Aetna made huge profits for stockholders. 
AHA requires coverage of poor AND no premium increase id you become ill


Liar.
I'll take status quo over your dangerous bill any day. Millions will be worse off with #GrahamCasey
#GrahamCassidy will KILL thousands of Americans. HC is a right Senator. We have an obligation as a nation to take care of our sick.
No it doesn't.
I served for ALL Americans in the military. You serve for greedy corporate interests & gutless @GOP. #SaveACA #VeteransResist #Geeksresist

LEAVE OUR HEATHCARE ALONE LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE WHO PUT YOU THERE US FIX OBAMACARE AND GET RID OF THE RACSIST WHO SITS IN OUR WHITE HOUSE
No thanks! Insurance companies can charge more for pre-existing conditions. America, call your R senators now! Say no to this mess!
This is driven by deadlines only, not by whether it is good, or is better than status quo. We've seen this movie.
The status quo is that chronically ill people don't have annual or lifetime caps. Your bill removes that protections for even employer plans
This Sucks! You take it as your deathcare plan!!!

BOMBSHELL: Graham-Cassidy bill text is clear: under state waivers insurers can charge higher premiums for pre-existing conditions. 

Hey @LindseyGrahamSC How could you listen to my concerns for my child's life & then propose a #healthcarebill that could kill her? 
Beats the status-quo for Insurance Company profits, hence the WSJ slant.

LIAR LINDSEY! This is what the CBO says about your bullshit plan.
U r a loser
Why are you so determined to harm average Americans? 
Shame on you .....really shame on you for throwing people off insurance....  you'll answer to God for the hateful shameful policies you push
please explain surcharge of 400% for having been pregnant in the past
Healthcare is too important to pay for with block grants. Take from the blue and give to the red states? You are so low
How many times do we need to kill the zombie bill before it actually dies? Thought Lindsey Graham was better than this!
I'm okay with the status quo. Really. 

Much more okay with that than being charged up the wazoo for preexisting conditions.

Graham/Cassidy/Heller/Johnson appears to allow states to let insurers charge you more $$$ if your child was born with a birth defect.
Oops. Did u know that cutting Medicaid will hurt vetrans. And a large number of them. I thought u cared.
I'm sure it does, if  you want to KILL PEOPLE.
Don't do it.
No one wants this or ACA as it stands. Modify ACA toward Medicare for all. That's the only fair solution.
You're so afraid of that clown Trump that your bending over and sticking your head up your own ass! Don't want a mean tweet?
Shame on you! @LindseyGrahamSC u have no worries if u get sick, what about the American people who pay for ur med ins? Liar!
5 hours in the life of this tweet- 37 likes and 132 comments. Dead bill walking. Support #Obamacare
I trusted u but ur as big a liar as the rest of them. Life is short @SenJohnMcCain is more than aware so now you want to shorten ours...GTH
Shame. Don't ever pretend to stand for all Americans. You are a trumper for life. Colluder. Tax fraud. Liar. Abuser. #youstandwithhim
Whose lap you warming now that @BarackObama is gone?
SHAME!
you should be ashamed of yourself .
eliminates protection for preexisting conditions and cuts women's health! & man leader rigging CBO score!
millions lose healthcare, bribing votes by taking $ from blue states to red states,
Beats the status quo? By denying people like me who pay taxes and pay for insurance the ability to access healthcare? YOU give up YOUR care!
plan is perverse! Caps seniors & disabled kids,takes money from states exp medicaid & gives to red stated
Stop lying. You just want tax cuts for the wealthy and to destroy anything Obama related.
Shame on you, .@LindseyGrahamSC!!
Let's see. Ur state did not expand mcare, to get even u want to cut $ to states that did and give most of that $ to the states that didnt
Senator, I'm with you on the idea, but it's as viable as Single Payer...
I am recovering from surgery and took time to call my senators to tell not to vote for your shitty bill. #GOP making us beg for our lives.
I'll be praying for you that you actually read what Jesus said and digest it
No coverage for pre-existing conditions? Harsh.
"Beats the status quo".  What a ringing endorsement .  Next the Economist will declare it "OK, I guess" or "at least they tried something"
You have become what you once fought against. You are officially anti American and should be ashamed of yourself
Why do you want to kill women, children and poor men?  Is this some warped passion of yours?
We will all be working hard to defeat you in 2020. #TheResistance
Assad kills with chemical weapons. The Koch owned GOP Congress kills by taking healthcare away from MILLIONS!
I can't believe we have to keep fighting for our health insurance. I will personally donate a years insurance premiums to your next opponent
Shame on you sir. This bill is an atrocity. I thought you were better than this
You're as bad and as remarkably cruel as #Trump. Shame on you.
Whats crucial are the American lives that depend on Obama protection for preexisting & Medicaid NOT Your deadline! #GrahamCassidy
Your bill is as bad as the other R proposals, this will hurt people Lindsey...you can do better

Just because you don't look as snake like as @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan doesn't mean you aren't. #trumpcare sucks #fixtheaca
Why TF do you hate women so much? 
.....
Same repressed reason corrupt liar pence does?
5. And Planned Parenthood says Graham-Cassidy "is the worst ACA repeal bill yet" and "especially terrible for women." 

Support will NOT come from this South Carolinian!  Lindsey - you KNOW bettah! Shame on you!
Your bill is more garbage than the last one!  Kill poor people, make pre existing conditions unaffordable and decimate medicaid.  Pathetic!
Your opportunity to kill as many Americans as possible is closing quick. You better hurry or those PAC checks will go away.
He knows this will go nowhere- he really wants the Citizenship request to move through unnoticed!! We have to stop him NOW. Trumpian move!
Everyone speak up! Graham is doing this to cover his request to HS for them to be able to take away Citizenship from anyone at anytime!
That's right. You want to give Trump and his thugs the ability to take away healthcare AND citizenship. NO REPEAL OF THE ACA. NONE.
Wait until news gets around about you wanting to give HS the right to strip anyone of their citizenship!!
NO. Block grants so states can run out of money??? No thanks.
C'mon, u can't honestly call this a healthcare bill.  What the hell does it cover?  &, just when I was starting to think u were an OK guy.
Y'all are insane.
Beats the status quo for giving the rich tax breaks?

#GrahamCassidy would price gouge older Americans with an age tax, decrease coverage, and undermine pre-existing condition protections.
Sad
Just tweeted Grahams and let him know his plan stinks
No change to the aca in terms of pre existing conditions.   Do you all think we are stupid?!?!
Evil .  No shame .  No conscience
Senator, that's me taking the Oath to serve in the U.S.  Peace Corps. Your bill will kill and institutionalize people like me. SHAME on you.
What the he'll is wrong with you??? For God sake let's not go through this again. No one wants the GOP version of health care. Let it die!
Dispicable Me 7 1/2! 
@GOP movie about WASTING our tax dollars for 7+ YEARS trying to repeal #ACA @SpeakerRyan @LindseyGrahamSC 
#SHAME
What are you thinking? This is horrid.
#TN says shame! U & @BillCassidy are the bottom of the bucket! U have cycles of white poverty and opioid abuse-U know you can't pay!
You should be ashamed by your role of putting Americans through hell while you repeatedly try and kill healthcare.
Unless you get sick. Then u definitely want to stay w the status quo.
You work so HARD. Alas, @POTUS 's new handlers won't let him bark for this one. Gotta have ice cream.  Cheers to the #ChuckAndNancy admin! 
In real life it bans many people since under state waivers insurers can charge higher premiums for pre-existing conditions.
Stick states with the tab. Old fashioned Republican dine and dash.
I guess you have abandoned due process and everything else you said before
Do you EVER listen to your constituents?   NO ONE wants repeal
And this is all being done in a two-week window (deadline 9/30) so people are caught off guard and cannot fight you - once again.
This plan allows states to opt out of pre-existing conditions. People will die. Shame on you.
Why are we having this fight again? You are trying to take health care away from millions of Americans.
#MedicareForAll  GOP care for the insurance companies and wealthy 1%.
You are trying to kill people by taking away their insurance. Shame on seniors on Medicare killing their children and grandchildren.
STAHHHHPP!!

A working ACA beats your plan, covers more people. Trump and R's should stop sabotaging it.
It's not going to work because it is bad for America!
This legislation allows states to opt out of coverage of pre existing conditions. How is this any better than ACA? It is WORSE!
Please stop trying! Let a dead dog stay dead. Just fix ACA or do Medicare for all! Come on Lindsey, get with the people, not with GOP!
He's such a disappointment. He doesn't care about constituents, just revenge on Obama
TFW you fumbled repeal after seven years, saw polling data, worried about being primaried so came up with one last try?  Too late, Rinos!
Why are you proposing to gut pre-existing condition protections, uninsured 30 million and subsidize red states with blue states' money?
Suggest that all debris from Harvey and Irma be placed on the border between the USA and Mexico.
Multiple futile attempts to expunge everything connected to Pres Obama would be humorous if lives were not at stake. You exhaust me.
Hey look! It'll only cost me $40K/year! Whew!
Christ... why can't you guys just fix the damn thing instead of wasting money to repeal it?
Remember McCain's NO vote? I do.
You're a God loving, God-fearing man? Never really being true to yourself, so others should suffer?
No, again. People with existing conditions will be hurt. You're as heartless as trump and Ryan
Shameful. Why, oh why, can't you find a real bipartisan fix?
Because they don't even want to try...
What about the job that will be lost .Oh that right that does not matter as much as the Trumps The Koch Brothers ,and The Mercer's tax cut
Go away Blanche.  Trying really hard to stay relevant by taking away healthcare from 25 million Americans.  Do yourself a favor and retire.
For some strange reason, majority Republican politicians only become decent human beings when they retire or they are on their deathbed. GO!
HACK. No good legislation comes from a ham handed rush. SHAME
So you'll pay for a f'ing, expensive worthless disgusting wall, but you won't fix #ACA ? Who/what are you?
This is why you career politicians need out, it should be done as many times as it takes to correct the ACA nightmare ! Pull it together !
@GOP has done nothing but say
they'll #RepealAndReplace for
over eight years! Why? Because
they don't know HOW to do
anything else!  
Give it up Mr. Graham. ObamaCare is good, just fix the bugs
It is not good ! it was hurting many people that have to pay 3&4 times what we were to cover the Deadbeats who pay nothing !
The ACA saves American lives!   My premium decreased because of the ACA age protection.  Your fellow citizens are not deadbeats.
The point isn't if it saves lives it IS who pays for it, why do I need to pay 3/4 times higher premiums because I chose to work harder...
...too many ppl were put on government paid health care. DEADBEATS, not all but most. Get off your ass and take personal responsibility...
Really WSJ, Graham-Cassidy's an improvement? NO!
MY taxes pay for your top tiered insurance.  STOP trying to take away everyone else's.
Graham thinks healthcare is only for the GOP and the 1 percent
May your bill fall flat on its face.  May you lose your job and find yourself destitute.

Saving this one

.stop already move on to important things put back advertising for ACA enrollment @HHSGov
Stop just stop
Why do you hate the American people so much? Whats wrong with people having health insurance? Find your soul.
Shit Bill Alert flush it down the toilet 
@GOP knows this...

Vultures
Did your friend McCain say something about rushing a bill as important as this through thats why he did a thumbs  down on the skinny repeal
All those Republicans are liars. McCain will vote for this because Graham is his best friend. They don't care about the people.
Give back to States.
Senator, you have been wildly inconsistent for months. The common theme is empty words and utter lack of courage. 

You are smart, so why?
Nope. Please quit spouting these lies. You are starting to sound like your president. Sad!
Stop trying to kick everyone off healthcare.
You're just paying your owners @LindseyGrahamSC   Sad. Anything for the KOCH Brothers and @freedomcaucus if this fails, you're a joke. Again
Hypocrite coming from someone like you Graham when you needed to cover ur sis gov stepped up, but he doesn't want same for his constituents.
Typical Republican
LindseyCare kills the poor as a crucial deadline nears.

#deelectGraham
Senator Graham, stop wasting your time and go lead efforts to impeach trump....be an american...honor your oath..stand up, man.
It beats the status quo by advancing the single payer cause
5. Please call the Capitol Switchboard now at (202) 224-3121 and ask to speak with the Senators from your state.
We are all rooting for massive failure of this bill.
