We will all find out what you are hiding. You should have listened to @SenFranken . Step up and face the music. Do what's right for your country.
You went balls deep on this one. #stablegenius #DotardDonnie
????!!!!! We need leadership in the WHITE house
Is it the Russians? Or some other dirt that he has on you? I hear Dirty Donald has you by the morals. Don't we deserve to know why? 

It's all going to come out in the end. And they say confession is good for the soul.
Traitor
Graham?  Been   any butt lately?
I want to barf - on you preferably.
Can you people stop playing games and help Americans that are suffering or is that to much to ask
This makes me want to throw up.
Enabler.
@GOP took in aDeeplyCorruptMentally unstable man- all for short term power.  They deserve the evil of his goons now looking2destroyThemAll
Americans now KNOW the @GOP are INcapable of Leading. Incapable of protecting our Democracy & Children from Devastating harm.They R Traitors
Gross
Get back to work whipdick.
Liar.
The country is in peril and your sorry asses are playing golf? Fucking really?!
You are ROBBING AMERICA AND WE KNOW IT.
As if you couldn't be more of a toadying sycophant, you just amped it up to expert levels of groveling.

Absolutely pathetic.
But how bout the guy who shot 58 in Vegas. I guess that was better weather. Surprised you guys haven't heard about that.
What have you done with the real Lindsay Graham? He is a hero of mine, not this man.
Arse kisser...
Get a grip on yourself. Everyone who is touched by Trump is cheapened and ruined. Don’t get the taint of treason on you.

Four soldiers killed in Niger.
As leader of the free world, Maybe his game shouldn't be that good? 
Of course he beat you, you need a spine to be a good golfer, f-ing jellyfish flip flopper, guess the wind was blowing 'trump' this week
Oh, self-deprecating to prop up the Prez. 
#CuzTrump 
It's... It's just... sad.
Well, he gets a lot of practice.
Good to see he had another busy day of being president.
I thought you didn't like him.
Awesome glad you had fun, meanwhile people are suffering. But great tweeting though.
Brown nosed are ya?! Pathetic!
#CaliforniaWildfires, #PuertoRico, #NorthKoreaNukes, #insanity in the WH, but he's a great host??? Really???? Please do your job
You both are losers!
Meanwhile... Puerto Rico is under water, California is on fire, Las Vegas is in mouring....  Tell us again how hard you are working for us.
and great big lies.
You are a disgusting hypocrite.Citizens w/o food and water, fires out of control, healthcare being threatened again , 4 soldiers dead.
Glad you’re having fun with the shitty President while citizens are facing death in Puerto Rico

Weasel. You let him win because you know he's a child. And you maintain the charade...
so, did you spit? or swallow?
Did it look like a baby carrot?
I always respected you for your honesty butI  don't believe Trump shot a 73 in windy and rainy conditions. No way
You're welcome. 
Sincerely,
Every tax paying American you want so desperately to screw.
You're lucky Ted Cruz is still around otherwise you'd be THE most sad and pathetic person in Congress.
#Trump's bitch.

If someone berated my best friend I would never golf with him.  @SenJohnMcCain IS an American hero and NOT a draft dodger like your host
Puerto Rico!! Puerto Rico!! What is WRONG WITH YOU???????
Just stop it. He's a bully and a bad man, not a leader. He will never respect or listen to you. Don't even bother. History will tell.
Ha Ha.....I am so glad you and Tiny Hands had a great day! I am sure you made sure his balls were nice and clean!
Likely kissed his "putter" for good luck too. #OldjokefromTonightshow #JohnnyCarson
Get some backbone.
Spineless
WTF Is wrong with you?
Great! Because that's what's important Lindsey. Golf! On the taxpayers dime, while the CHIPS program isn't funded. Nice work!
#PresidentPucker #FakeLeadership #GolfCheat #Hack #PuckerFest
You have a little something 
Ya right there on the tip 
Almost got it........................ 
There you got it. 
Watching a grown man grovel.
History will remember your ambivalence as an enabler
glad you had fun.  meanwhile, my family members are losing their homes from CA to Puerto Rico.
Suck suck slurp, was that your conversation?
Keep sucking that orange power tit, you sell out!  History is watching and you shame your friendship with McCain.
My God,.... Trump beats on you like you owe him money and yet you're still tossing his salad? #YouHaveNoShame #PartyOverPeople
@irish988 remember when i told you i couldn't stand Lindsey Graham. What a pathetic loser
LOL Omg how do you keep your head held up after this pussy whipping?!!!

Yuk.
This might be the saddest, most pathetic and submissive tweet I have ever read.
Did @realDonaldTrump do his normal level of cheating or did he escalate? Since he was cheating did you decide it was OK as well?
Would it do any good to encourage the president to be sane and not start a war? Please try.
Shame on you. Did he talk locker room talk with you?
Hopeful that you will get behind the #MAGA agenda. So important for us and our future! Lots of amazing things happening, let's do this!
You're just proving that @realDonaldTrump is the smallest person on the face of the earth Way to kiss ass for tax cuts
Did... did you let him tweet for you?
I play a lot better when my golf partner sucks my cock between holes!! Maybe you should be under his desk while he runs the country!! DOTARD
Did you have to remove both balls or only one? Sounds like both.
Sucking up! Lord, how pathetic! Grow a pair. Do what is good for the people!

I feel so embarrassed for you right now. Seeing you act this way after what he has said about you is cringe worthy. #cringe
So, are you about to deliver some bad news to trump? If so, good on you. If not, I lost what respect I had for you.
Always thought you were in the closet.  But Donald Trump?  You can do better.
APB out for @LindseyGrahamSC 's dignity.  What a snivelling coward! I feel sorry for his family. They must be so ashamed! #DonTheCon
How much does a soul cost these days, Lindsey?Hope it was worth it.Maybe it’s because your hcare failed so miserably. Losers stick together.
Lindsey, Lindsey, we already knew you sucked dick, not there's anything wrong with that.
But this, should be beneath you & not in a good way
While northern CA is burning, Puerto Rico and the Gulf Coast are struggling, you are tweeting about your golf date??? What is wrong with u?
Did you swallow or spit it out?
Reminds me of Nero; fiddling while the nation burns down. LG; What the hell is wrong with you? Are  you getting lazy and corrupt, too?!?
Great comments. I actually laughed for a change
If only "fun" could govern.

Wish I could have seen it! Shoot! I was busy digging a bomb shelter just in case "the calm before the storm" brings WWIII.
We knew he was into kink #PeePeeTape, but you too? Moved on from @SenJohnMcCain?How very #NewtGingrichian of you. @peterogburn @frangeladuo
Of course Donald beat you on the golf course. He's spent at least 2 day's a week golfing every week since inaugeration.Little accomplished.
You SOB's play golf in the middle of so many terrible things happening in this country and then you think we care about your scores? Morons!
#PuertoRico still has numerous areas w/o power. Fires rage in CA 12+ dead. But good that you & @POTUS have your priorities in place & golfed
Enjoy the taco bowl? You're just as sad as Ted Cruz. GOP must mean "Grow One Pair."

If only it was that simple; see who's waiting in the wings? A more dangerous excuse 4 a human being. So, rock & hard place spring 2 mind.
I agree. Pence is a danger too.
Trump: stupid & that's dangerous. Pence, well, he's a more risky individual, with agendas that ar beyond shocking, so, sad fact,devil u know
Glad you had so much fun at the tax payers expense much be nice to come and go at people's expense country is in a mess and he golfs really
This pandering and fawning is a disgrace. Do better. Signed - Your embarrassed constituents
No doubt President Trump has spent more time on golf courses than you, Senator. Glad you had a good time!
You are grotesque. @POTUS is a petulant toddler who is damaging the US & his ineptitude is literally killing Americans.
Lindsey Graham must be in someone's doghouse. He pulled Sunday Daycare duty.
Lindsey, you were wonderful!
Now, up off your knees, wipe your mouth and get out of my sight.
Then you blew him and I'm sure you enjoyed it

Go f**k yourself.
Great suck-up. You have no dignity remaining apparently
15 dead in Ca wild fires, Puerto Rico in shambles with no power. Glad you guys had a good time golfing! Disgusting.
So, were you the moron caretaker yesterday?  Was it a day off for Kelly?
Dear God, do you tickle his balls too?
Good job pouring more tax payer money into his pockets. Glad you remember to keep it flowing to him, helps u avoid mean tweets
Sen. Graham.....all he does is golf.....and you guys went after Obama?
Gawd, what a suck up.
Maybe you two can share a cell in jail. Deplorable, indeed. #ImpeachTrump #putinsbitch #guilty #RacistInChief
Just curious, what is the going price for one's dignity, honor, spine and principles these days? You know he's unfit. #askingforafriend
L
You’re a horrible liar, while you golfed with “the best”, “the greatest” and “the biggest” liar ever.
So now you're a cheap Trump prop too...
Great time getting the grass stains off your knees too?
Wasting taxpayers money for your own selfish entertainment.  Use that money to benefit the victims of the hurricanes & Vegas
Gee surprise; kissing up to a SEXUAL PREDATOR.  Just tell him his IQ is WAAAY BIGLY YUGE than everyone EVER.
Well maybe you can retire now and get some practice
You know that everyone KNOWS he cheats on the golf course.   His score is always higher than he reports.  Why would he tell the truth here?
How nice for you. The country is suffering, burning, recovering too slowly from hurricanes, and you're having a good day on the course. Rot.
You have no dignity, sir.
The fact that you or anyone is tweeting about golfing when there is #PR #FL #TX #NorthKorea #CAfires going on shows how OUT OF TOUCH YOU ARE
You should be ASHAMED of yourself? Every one of you should be doing everything you can to fix the crap storm that is the WH right now.
#LasVegasShooting ? How about visiting hospitals, helping victims? Tweeting about something you are doing to help #PR victims? Shameful
Sad. Pathetic 
So was he playing golf with your balls?
Slap in the face of those backing you sir... you're no different than Trump :(
So basically you lost a bet and had to tweet this.
I can’t believe you’re actually saying this
Well, isn't that just cringeworthy
Thanks for babysitting today
How was it being up Trumps ass? Hypocrisy
This is pathetic.
So are you saying you let him win - or he cheated?

Who???  This guy???

#shameful
How do you live with yourself? Playing golf while Rome burns & synchophant at same time, history will judge. Shame !!
Awwww, did he pat you on your wittle neocon head after you posted these tweets? Good doggy.
How did 45's @$$ taste, Linds???
Your attempts at normalizing are not cute.
Get real.
Are you seriously mocking yourself to please the 'dear leader'? Grow a spine! This is pathetic.

Golf away while we pay!!!
I’m curious to see how your choices to feed him narcissistic supply works out. He will always bite the hand eventually.
So I'm guessing he lies and cheats on the course too, and you just go along with it. Pure trash sir,  well done.
Are you kidding, Puerto Ricans have no food water electricity and your talking about Golf
WTH IS WRONG WITH YOU 
California's on fire, FFS
Must be Nice @LindseyGrahamSC while you play golf with Potus.. Vets are trying to feed and help people in PR! SHAME
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Oh, how do you get less than "1" on 18 holes?
Like a #RussianHooker.
And the people of PR just want to drink clean water. #insensitive
Do you always golf with rapists or is this a recent development? Did you as @realDonaldTrump why he sexually assaults women?
Yeah, we know his game sucks. He cheats. We know.
Great ? Really? So disappointed in this

