If #GrahamCassidyHeller is to succeed, a few items need to be addressed: a) are you going to include women or Dems in writing the bill? 1/
b) block grants need to have *some* rules, or states will use these funds tangentially and not for direct care under #Medicaid. 2/
Example, will #Medicaid block grants be used to fund wholly disproven abstinence-only reproductive health programs in low-income areas? 3/
Or will there be a requirement to show Congress that block grants are being spent on direct patient care or evidence-based programs? 4/
I don't think point 4 is too much to ask for at all.
Long history of block grants being used for questionable purposes. I foresee $$ going to antiabortion religious groups while...
...siphoning money from @PPact and others who provide #contraception, access to which actually decreases abortion demand.
Amusing...the taxpayers are literally being asked to pay for sex.
Sir, can you provide a link to your bill? I agree; the ACA needs improvement. But I want to be sure they're based on medicine, not politics.
A clean bill would be nice also.
As would all sensible Americans. Now, how about if we give Sen. Graham the courtesy of seeing the bill before we condemn it?
If you continue w/ this ignorance, you'll have to move to MS & replace @RogerWicker as dumbest senator. 

The people want #bipartisanship!

My breakdown of your proposal (at least the main components):
Get it done! Prez TRUMP will sign it right away! He wants to give power back to the states too! Push this + push your friend to vote "YES".
Bullshit, it's block grant state single payer.  Just repeal the fucking bill.
Then I'm assuming pre-existing conditions and Medicaid are not on the chopping block. Period. If they are: START OVER!
Or annual and lifetime caps!
You better find a solution and get it passed
That's just not going to work and you know it. Anything less than universal coverage is manslaughter
Lets get a bi partisan solution
You think State LEG Would Listen 2 citizens about healthcare in Red States wake up
We aren't stupid Mr Graham your block grant scam to "return power to states" is just another twist to try pushing thru huge healthcare cuts
Take a long walk off a short pier.
I'm on board with anything that kills unconstitutional mandates. But you and McCain stewed up some bad blood now it might sadly be your turn
Please fix and don't break!
A week ago Graham, McCain and 2 other senators. We're handed a microphone  just before bill vote Graham said Trumpcare was a FRAUD wow lies
No alternative! get out of my healthcare!  #repeal #noreplace #nomedicaid @gop doesn't know how to be teamplayers cuz nvr owned a business!
Great idea and we need to get this done! Thank you for mentioning Prez TRUMP's name on fox and friends! He wants this too! He will sign it!
Strongly disagree with you Senator!  Improve Affordable Care Act not replace it with some garbage.
Lol. You people on the Hill can't stay in the office or on the floors long enough to get anything done, recess a joke
BS
Just don't screw anyone over this time - please!!
Work TOGETHER on all problems. I challenge you and the rest of the Senate to listen to your best friend "The Maverick".
Here's an idea: how about R's & D's and experts in healthcare; Drs.; Patients themselves; Ins. Com; etc. all give input vs. the 3 R's only?
Part of rationale for fed involvement is patients aren't experts and need the govt to set rules. Then we fight for years about those rules.
TY. I appreciate your comments. However, it wasn't just individuals utilizing ACA, etc. that I mentioned should have input but experts too.
TY.Element of ACA was overly paternalistic,ie health care too complicated for consumers.Experts needed, too often selected for wrong reason.
Graham is Funny MOST GOP governors in Red States DON'T GIVE A CRAP IF THEIR CITIZENS HAVE GOVT CARE

Fool
I see all the comments saying work on a bi-partisan plan but your still not listening.
Are you referring to SA 586 (not SA 391)? A lot of us are trying to write about it. Thank you.
Will you incorporate the Cruz/Lee language!?
You should have voted to send it to the conference. Paul Ryan promised he would.
With all due respect, the better alternative is medicare for all...we can do this as a nation...
Well Donny fired another one.  Are you ready to admit yet that he does not know what the hell he is doing?
Why are you and @BillCassidy trying to push "healthcare" that doesn't pass the @jimmykimmel test? Where is your empathy? Why the hypocrisy?
Really then why 7 years of NOTHING worth anything?
2018 and 2020 are gonna be so sweet
I really like you but you know damn well this is a non-starter. Taking $$$ out of Medicaid and expansion?! That's no solution.
How is this a return to "regular order?" My gosh, Sen. Graham, can you please be a Statesman? I know it's in you. Think who this hurts.
add a Dem or 2 in there and OMG you might have something called a bipartisan bill for ALL people who live in this country.
What happen to your vote to repeal, until it was time to vote when a real Pres. would sign it?
Bullsh$t! Where is the bipartisan bill? Where is regular order? NO!
Non-partisan series on US Health care system https://m.box.com/shared_itehttps%3A%2F%2Faxenehp.box.com%2Fs%2Fajbpamjpj6gap8fjm5porx18plkeub6b …
Not a working link
@SmithSuelsmith  Thank you! http://bit.ly/ahp-healthcare 
Prove it!
Why do you call the affordible care act Obama care?
The Democrat Party says thanks for your help and obstructionism to Trump's agenda. We'll have a global society yet, eh?
Your as bad as he is. Use to respect you now not so much Weasel
You are not listening. Return to regular order and work out a bipartisan bill like grown ups. Toddler in chief is apparently contagious.
Medicare for all
No, it's a liar triumvirate.
Meanwhile the world is falling apart....
LG was correct "effort at repeal (is) terrible policy and horrible politics,” a “disaster” and a “fraud.” Voted  for it anyway"
Harlan for senate!! Drain the Swamp!!!!
Hill! Hill! Hill! for senate !!!
Well hurry up. You have been talking not working for 7 years. It is time to put up or shut up. Work across the aisle to get it done
You need to meet Dr. Josh Umbehr.
Crap! Crap! Crap! Get Washington out of the healthcare business. Everything you touch turns to shit especially you!
Just do a clean repeal of Obamacare, allow us to purchase ins across state lines, purchase meds from Canada and Mexico. Let mrkt forces work
Thats a joke!
Yet another partisan effort. If you were committed to doing the right thing, you would return to regular order with the healthcare debate.
We need bipartisan input and public hearings, with expert testimony - not another proposal from a small group of Republican men.
Take Senator McCain's advice, and afford this life-and-death issue the full consideration and the full participation it deserves.
How about FIX what is wrong with #ACA instead of wasting time on other crap.
@BarackObama CARED,,,,START !!!!!!
#MedicareForEveryone Start paying early so it available when needed later! Needs to be in a #LockBox! Not available for political games.
No socialist care get rid of it!The fact that You senators gave yourself&Family one plan and American tax payouts the other Your Not Trusted
Cannabis was a medicine for 1000s of year until mental illness was sold as politics. Alcohol prohibition actually makes more sense!
Sounds like you say one this#ng on twitter and do another! We do not trust you Graham and you should take the Obama care you voted to keep
Why are you taking the month of August off when there is so much to do?
Please do it. I could not afford my deductibles and premiums after ACA was made law
Really? No @SenateDems in that group so more loser repeal/replace upcoming, right?
We don't need an alternative. Fix what you already have #SavetheACA
No.
I don't think so, try a different 3 a make sure you put a woman in there
You're late to the party.
I have an idea, see what other countries are doing with there healthcare that's at 1/4 of price of ours and do it here
are you going to show it to others, or keep it locked in a closet?
What about McCain?
Why did u vote for skinny bill?
U said the skinny was a fraud
No
Saying "alternative" sounds like you're still working to repeal. Where so many Americans like Obamacare, wouldn't "improve" be better idea?
Get with it or get out. I have two 27 year olds who can't buy coverage till NOV for ACA that doesn't take affect till JAN 2018. This is BS!!
#CONGRESPAYFORHEALTHCARE solves problem
Doesn't really roll off the tongue.
ACA...POTENTIALLY EXPLOSIVE...
Then you should vote in a way to let it go to conference. Spend more time on this & less complaining about Trump's tweets.
You called "skinny repeal" a disaster & fraud, but voted for it... Why the FUCK should ANYONE trust ANYTHING you have to say on healthcare?
Looks like it is time to retire
Let's hear it Lindsey!
Is that your new boy band?
Time to let you go Senator !!
We don't need a traitor .
You should run as Democrat
You're sounding like trump now, a friggin' shoe salesman.
LOL betting against the American people is a losers bet, just look at Trump!
When they start listening to the people and not the insurance industry maybe then we can actually have a great health care system for all
Very disappointed & angry to hear that GOP is still trying to get rid of the ACA. Why don't you work with Dems to improve it?
Nah, just more drivel. See FDR's comments on the magic of obtaining and paying 4 benefits.
WE ALSO NEED TO HAVE TERM LIMITS FOR SENATE AND CONGRESS. WE ARE FED UP WITH ALL OF YOU.
TELL THAT TO MCCAIN, COLLINS, AND ONE MORE THAT VOTED NO. REPEAL ALL OF IT. ENUF OF BS. ANYONE WHO DON'T SUPPORT POTUS, WILL BE VOTED OUT.
WE AMERICANS ARE PAYING FOR HELL AND HAD ENUF OF FRIVOLOUS RUSSIA BS INVESTIGATION. JEFF RECUSED, HE CAN'T DO HIS JOB. ENUF..
WE WANT NEW AG
When will everyone get to see what the CBO score is?
Try following Australian system which is basically medicare 4 all. We pay for m'care B in US. & like m'care, one can get supplem'l insur!
Even Trump thinks the Aussie system is one of the best!
Why cant u fix ACA? It's working well in CA except 4 rising premiums. In states w/o exp. m'caid, they need 2 expand. Get some compet'n in.
Fix the ACA, don't dismantle it. The only better alternative is Single Payer...Medicare for All
How about honoring your friend @SenJohnMcCain and do this right through regular order and real hearings instead of behind closed doors.
Hahaha. Heller! Isnt he the one who coward to Trumps threat?
2) It's time to end this foolish fantasy that states know best. Maternal mortality in Texas has DOUBLED -- in Texas, not the Third World.
1) There's no realistic foundation for that claim. Without a mandate or defined benefit, anything could happen to Americans' coverage.
When are you gonna learn? The Grand Old Party can't fix anything for tearing things up..
Any women in the mix?
.@LindseyGrahamSC why a better than aca-specifics, please. when will cbo complete scoring? why should states determine federal $ spending?
4 God Sake, Don't be a brown noser w Trump. What is wrong w/ u ppl!  S Collins knows better 2 repair ACA/Ocare.  Be CONSTRUCTIVE 4  a change
@AprilDRyan Remember what happened with the last sausage party?!?!
No it's not. Cassidy (MD?!)&the lot of u voted 2 throw the Am ppl under the bus.  Would've affected EVERYONE w/ higher premiums. Less cover
Add two or three dems to your party
Bullshit, if you guys really cared, you'd improve ACA but you've got do your orange traitor's & Koch brothers bidding.
Graham, Cassidy and Heller ignoring Americans' voices again! Same old, same old republicans, thinking they alone have all the answers!
Impanel bi-part House/Sen coalition men/women/Drs/drug&ins execs/CPAs & figure out ways to solve HC problems @jaketapper @wolfblitzer
This alternative is to serve Trump! The president threatening and attacking his own people! Americans do not want your alternative!
What about working across the aisle
@realDonaldTrump ... Hey Graham... BACK OF TRUMP!
What are you going to do about Trump's threat to stop paying the insurance subsidies, throwing millions off their insurance & raising rates?
No. Go with McCain's words!
Work w Dems & Replubs Only way it will work If Trump wants to put his name on then let him! Desire 2 erase Obamas name will hav succeeded
Not at all. Not even close!
Single-payer rate right? Medicare for all correct??
And AGAIN. 

You really should take the rest of the day off.
BWAH-HAHAHA!!!
Show me something that could work without killing the most vulnerable.
I've lost any trust in you.
Tell that 2 the people who need & like the ACA. As u try 2 destabilize markets remember Dante's fifth circle of hell-they're saving ur seat.
I admit that I'm interested to see what your bill looks like, so long as it's not flavored towards the hard-right like previous bills.
And what exactly is the problem with the ACA that makes it fatally flawed? Oh yea, right, the democrats wrote it and Obama supported it.
The majority of Americans want you to fix the ACA not write another bill to give your rich friends more money. Do the right thing: FIX IT
Have the democrats had input? Women? Anyone other than the republican boys club? If not, don't bother.
RINO traitor!
No it's not
Everything you all come up with harms more people than it helps. Help fix the ACA and put the American people.
Not listening to you. What do the women have to say?
Can you explain to me how Medicaid will be able to pay for HCBS and LTSS if it is block granted? #SaveMedicaid #ADAPTandRESIST
This is very important to me because I am disabled and will need those services, and w/ your bill I am not sure they will be there.
Maybe add in a Collins, Gillebrand, Murkowski or two? C'mon man!
Who cares what Lindsay Graham thinks, he needs to retire with MCCain
Oh please. You voted for the last POS they ran up the flagpole.
Are any women involved?
How about reaching across the gender and political aisles?? Might be the best way to get things done!!
Need more lipstick on your pig.
Hope you saw this, Senator!
Will there be women involved and is there a small biz subsidy for health care?
Why not give it a chance by voting NO on Skinny or other GOP atrocity next time, instead of letting Senators with more courage do it for you

Former libertarian Republican given 6 weeks to live w cancer and w/o insurance in 2012, now cancer-free thanks to ACA. #OurLives https://twitter.com/ourlives/status/891432123978190848 …
@AprilDRyan America wants a bipartisan bill. Please work together to create something we can all support.
say goodbye to @deanheller he's a dead man walking in #clarkcounty & #Nevada; already starting! 

@AprilDRyan
Too late, Sen Graham you're not fooling anyone anymore. Why didn't YOU stand up against Trump? Leaving the hard work to others is cowardly.
If not we will take this back up next year when we take back house and senate. Y'all have proved you can't govern
Again with no Dems? The is the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA NOT UNITED STATES OF REPUBLICANS. WHY NOT WORK WITH DEMS SO EVERYONE HAPPY?
Sen. Graham, with due respect, how about include moderate Rs and some Ds, build consensus BEFORE bill hits the floor? And committee review.
And by moderate Rs, I mean Collins and Murkowski. Important for women to join the conversation.
More than  80% of USA wants to keep aca!!  Why do you not want to listen to the ppl? Don't let trump intimidate u!
What's that alternative?
This argument is fatally flawed.
Women ?  Dems?  Aca needs tweaking. Please do it as mccain asked
Such as @SenDeanHeller?

cc @SenCortezMasto
Why not invite Collins and Murkowski-are you threatened by female power?
Get Murkowski and/or Collins involved.
Does it keep the taxes that paid for Medicare expansion or is this just another way to try to sell us on a tax cut for wealthy people?

https://www.healthinsurance.org/south_carolina-state-health-insurance-exchange/ … Many things to fix with current law, but Sen. G's party line about ACA "imploding"is questionable. Ck the  FACTS SC!
False
What is it you dolt. AGAIN. Conspiring with men. Women are more than half the population. Minority rule?
Sit down with the Democrats and craft some legislation. You've had SEVEN YEARS, and still nothing.
The devil is in the details...
U don't support our President. We r praying for a new SC senator who supports our President.
Undermining our president's agenda & evil plots & deception to stop him won't succeed. Is the root of your hatred for him jealousy???
Are you going to include Women in crafting this bill?
Don't you even start this crap again. Fix the ACA. The people no longer want the Rs ill guided promise. The people will rise up again.
Also, where is the Democrat?
So Senator, I sure hope none of your family falls on hard times or have preexisting life threatening conditions.
#45 only wants to get rid of anything that was in place bc he didn't think of it. ACA need some work I agree.
Quit talking about it and do something. Senator,your yap is open day and night in front of every camera. Regular order, man.
If you don't include the coverage mandate you don't understand how insurance works.
This is repeal and you don't have the votes to pass this. Sen Collins won't vote for this. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/susan-collins-defies-health-care-threats_us_597e0e41e4b02a4ebb760a32?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPostPol
We want women and Democrats included on all decisions about a health care plan!
You need a woman on board.  Or three.
Be transparent, explain it, allow full debate. We are willing to listen, but don't follow McConnell's lead - path to failure.
As long as you refuse to work with Democrats, you are not returning to regular order. Stop this politicization. Work bipartisanly.
So what ever happened to bipartisanship? I see no women or Dem's writing this bill.
HEALTHCARE ISN'T ABT OBAMA IT'S ABOUT LIVES. BIPARTISAN WORK AND REGULAR ORDER IS THE ONLY WAY TO FIX HEALTHCARE IN  AMERICA.
You've had 7 long years you lazy SOB. We won't hold our breath. Bet you are having the insurance companies draft it for you. Smh
You're not winning anything, you Mitch and your Cold War buddy @SenJohnMcCain need to retire and get some effective new blood in the Senate.
Nope
