Nice tax plan?It's just attempt of making rich richer and no indication of a true middle class cut just more hocus pocus of tricking voters.
Watch press briefings from WH over and over it is stated NO CUTS 2 rich only Middle & lower
WH brief: lowest tier is 12% which is 2 pts higher.Low income don't pay fed tax as is.
The main focus is on MIDDLE CLASS tax cuts Working parents, child care credits
Well let's hope so. It would be so nice to have a government policy that didn't focus its benefits on the powerful.
A couple items giving huge benefits to the powerful.
1. Lowers corp rate to 20% - So just file paper and become a corp
2. No estate tax
We need a release from estate tax. Taxes have already been paid in that money 15% to Corps NOT to their PERSONAL income tax = JOBS
Except that taxes are not paid on unrealized gains. So if you invest in stocks or real estate and don't sell, then taxes are never collected
Looking forward to see how it cuts taxes for the rich while continuing to screw over the middle class. BTW, didn’t need the Mr. before POTUS
No tax cuts 4 Rich this is 4 middle lower class
Are you interested in buying a bridge?
U live in Lala hate land
That’s not very nice, how is saying you’re gullible being hateful?
It's just st part of the continued I'm sick of speech from Left
How’s the view from having you’re head in the sand?
Wow @LindseyGrahamSC really has turned into a trump ass kisser and to think I once thought of supporting hm. Thank God I didn’t
I don't support Graham but I FI SUPPORT TRUMP Graham does NOT support the Pres or he would get bills passed
If you support trump then you are racist or ignorant either way get help
U JUDGE me? multi-racial family raised in poverty taken fr mother WORKED got Educated became Exec often hired more min than white shut up
Ur words r disgraceful & hateful
Did you read the plan? Perhaps you are being sarcastic?
Hopefully you will be amending his plan.....
#impeach
@GOP @TheDemocrats @SenateDems @SenateGOP YES GREAT PLAN NOW SHOW US YOUR TAXES MR.PRESIDENT
You've got to be kidding, right?
What the heck is going on with you?

Did Trump find pictures of you from the office Christmas party?
The rich get richer, and the poor get poorer. Recipe for a disastrous oligarchy. Disgusting.
Senator... Please stop encouraging the craziness and take a stand.
Take a stand sure at his age it's tough to get off your knees.
No it's NOT! Let's make the breaks on the lower and middle and keep that top 1% of the chain to pay more. Richest country in the world 
My family & I want a cut of your pay & your health care, Sen.Graham. We should do quite well, then.
Did he promise you Secretary of State and that's the reason for all of fake news?
Stealing from middle class yes great plan wow
Liar
You are fooled of POTUS tax plan for him and top 1 percent but we are not fool to understand your tweet
I guess it is if you’re a millionaire who’s stuffed your pockets with bribes and kickbacks at the expense of taxpayers
Great???Ur RINO plan to sabotage @POTUS economy,job creation+stock market surge till after 2018 midterms by letting Corporate 20% tax rate only take effect in 2019 is obvious!Ur setting everything up to fail so Dems can take midterms+take credit as the economy surges after 2019!!
#impeach
The rich are getting the best breaks
So now you have become a Trump lapdog?
Oh, yeah.
You're KILLING US!
Sure if it's anything like your health care bill the rich will get richer and the rest of the country gets screwed.
Of course - gotta get that Koch money spigot flowing again!
Good! That will allow individual donors to have more say.
Repeal filibuster!!
Sorry. He's golfing. Want us to take a message for you?
Ugh...the way you punk out to Trump. Have you zero pride just as a man?
If you ever had balls, they've up and evaporated.
Wrong. Middle class hurt rich get richer.
So is Goldman Sachs. I am sure they had a wonderful time writing it
I bet.
Graham laughing at us- never with us. You failed your Country on every level.
U r so screwed up in ur thinking
Feed the rich! Starve the poor! Thanks, Senator Graham!
No tax cuts for rich. Idiots Watch WH press briefings Media lies
I have no idea what you're trying to say.
Tax cuts 4 lower & Middle class CORP cut to bring back jobs NOT personal income tax 4 rich Watch WH press briefings notbmedia crap
The lying WH? All they do is lie.
Excuse me THE MEDIA LIES
It's a draft.  "Look forward to making it law"...Don't you think you should wait for the details before you jump into it?
Did you actually read it, sir?  It is awful for most Americans.
Lindsay, is party still more important than global peace? You could be a legend, quit being safe, you've already lost the GOP!! Rise up!!!
Lindsay, we all know Trump is no more fit for office than an adolescent Hitler. How can you all keep pretending? Not very patriotic!
Lindsay you have a chance at a real legacy... debunk, protest, annihilate Trump!!! You may be a gazillionair, but you might hv self respect
I meant you may not be a gazillionaire, but you'd save the US, &a restore peace and unity with our allies.

Brown noser
Are you goung to explain it to him?  You realize he has nonidea what's in it?

Mueller is protecting COMEY who is the person that should be LOCKED UP!

What about all of the Obama crimes? Lynch? Hillary? Comey?
Mueller is CROOKED! He's GONE too far! 

There is NO RUSSIA, so now they're looking to FIND anything!

NOT what he was hired to do!
YOU MUST DO SOMETHING about Mueller!  He's OUT OF CONTROL!  Has hired 17 DEMS.  NOT ONE Republican!  This is UNACCEPTABLE!

Witch Hunt!
After what you tried to do to us with healthcare, how could we ever trust you?
Worse than your healthcare plan! And just like your stupid hc plan, this #TaxReform is NOT going to happen! We REFUSE to help the rich
Your going to make a draft law? How much of a tax break for your billionaire donors?
Keep up the fight.
Come on now Senator. The plan is six pages long. Has no charts graphs numbers. Lol
Stop selling untruth

Maybe the POTUS should prove that these cuts don't benefit him, as he claims.
Not a great time for the "party of fiscal responsibility" to come out in favor of #TaxcutsForTheRich when PR LA FL need billions.
I look forward to you not.
It's a terrible "plan".  Please stop pandering to donors and work on actually helping the middle class.
You are a retarded old woman
why are you backing no longer worried about adding to an already $20 trillion federal debt?
The reverse Robin hood tax ,Rob from the poor and the middle class and give to Trump his kids and the 1 precent
Not what I have heard
It will further balloon the national debt. It is fiscally irresponsible. Trickle down economics is a dead and faulty theory.
There u go again, siding with the devil instead of the American people
It's about 8 pages long and no numbers graphs etc. lol sen graham

Lindsey, how is this going to help the middle class? Trickle down has long been proven not to work. Explain how this is a good tax plan.
You know this tax plan is only good for all your rich donors. Let the middle class pay for everything.  SAD Shame on you.
Really? Lyin' Don needs to show us his Tax Returns! Can't believe a word he says-nor you!
Making @POTUS rich is now the key priority of the Republican party.
lets get this man some knee pads!
Once again you’re all excited about screwing the middle class with this tax bill that only helps businesses. You’ve lost your way sir!
You screwed up healthcare! Can't wait to read the plan...
Hopefully it's better than that  of a health care bill. Skeptical indeed
LINDSEY:

Great ass Mr POTUS. 

Look forward to kissing it some more
You two are having an old fashioned Bromance.  It's great to see Politicians come together to do what is best for the country
Can your lying corrupt nose be any further up the lying corrupt presidents ass? I'm not sure.  You are a joke Graham.  You are a fraud.
No tax cut Bill until potus shows tax returns so that the American public knows who the tax cuts are ACTUALLY FOR.
TOO BAD U SOLD OUT AFTER ALL! STAND 4 wrong side of GOD doing the devils deeds & u LOSE every time! PRAISE GOD AMEN!
@lindseygrahamsc don't forget about residency based taxation and facta. Huge injustice for hardworking business people overseas.
"Reagan showed deficits don't matter"
Yes, good boy Mr President. Here is a treat . Pathetic
What?  No. It's a terrible tax plan unless you're a multi-millionaire or a CEO (like Trump). Stop lining Trump's pockets!
I do believe a demon has taken over the body of #LindseyGraham.
Hope this works out better that the healthcare bill you all tried to screw millions with.
Donald will never love you back Lindsey.
Great tax plan. Left going to lie but as is almost perfect.
Great
How were you going to pay for this?
All the breaks to the wealthy again ?  Debate it in public instead of hiding and pushing what you want without listening to Americans.
No tax plan from @potus who doesn't release his own taxes!
You stupid cocksucker you don't have enough info to know jack shit.
have some pride senator, you KNOW he has NO idea, and will turn on you in a NY minute.
I look forward to being 5'9", 123lbs size 4. NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN! Neither will this! When is .@GOP going to learn Stop Welfare for Wealthy
Isn't it time for you to retire? It seems like it is…
Until.@realDonaldTrump shows us his taxes anything .@GOP proposes is totally irrelevant & not credible. All HOCUS POCUS VOODOO ECONOMICS
You forgot the link again.
Not so fast! This plan is welfare for millionaires! You do not fool us! We are on to your LIES & SHENANIGANS! You are going down in 2018!
Do you have to wear knee pads all the time?
Lousy tax plan he and his family just get richer especially with estate tax they benefit while everyone is still going to get screwed.
#Suckup
Are you ok?
For a while, I thought you were a reasonable, honest man. The health care act was heartless & the tax bill is for the rich.
Please stop sucking up!
Where are the details???
And getting rid of the medical deduction is a good idea how? This bill would represent a tax increase to many.
Your health care plan would have killed Connecticut and this tax plan does the same to our state. What did we ever do to you?
Let us see this Great Tax Plan Senator...
Says the loser that couldn't get it done on healthcare....Obama got it done.  Losers.
Senator you are better than trump. He's a lying draft-dodging dog who runs around on his women. His politics are frightful & he's a Yankee.
Get to work for the people and quit kissing ass
I'm glad you're getting dragged on Twitter as bad as @BillCassidy is getting dragged by @JimmyKimmelLive. You're both despicable ghouls!
Stop drinking the Russian/Trump kool aid
What happened to you?  Did Trump threaten to campaign against you? That will help, believe me.
Sad!
Whoa, not until 45 provides his tax returns and an assessment of just how the new tax plan will affect him and his family.
Why are you & your Republican cronies not demanding Trump's tax returns? You are complicit in the insane goings on in the WH. #nincompotus
Take the tax cut for the rich and educate the poor and when they get rich they will support your tax plan for the rich. Let’s try.
I think Sen. Graham is bi-polar until I find out the correct terminology. One month he is for something and next totally contradictory.
Taking care of all your rich buddies. You are a disappointment.
Rich tax cut
Crap, if Graham likes the tax plan it must not be very pro-growth. If Schumer likes it too, we’ll know.
Don't you think helping the citizens in PR should be THE priority atm, not tax reform. Y'all aren't good at multi-tasking...just saying...
I wonder if he's read it with the same attention as he did with the healthcare bill.
Why not balance the budget instead?  You know...for our kids
So much for bipartisanship. After Scalise was shot everyone was going to work together..kumbaya gone.  Keep those shitty plans coming
I must be in a Moscow hotel room, cause I sure feel something trickling down my back.
Here comes the moronic left with uneducated tweets
It’s a bad plan; tax relief for corporations and the wealthy on the backs of the middle class. #VoodooEconomics
Wow, Lindsey's gone all in. Way to betray YOUR base
Repeal and replace #ACA like you promised! Tax plans come and go...#ACA was a gov.  takeover of 17% the US economy. You #RINOs are gutless!
Would be ridiculous if u can’t. And, If you can’t, you should be FIRED. #TermLimits
Donald Trump is Wiping His Ass with the Flag.
Liar. Guaranteed that this plan will not become law.
Don't care who our pres. is. You address them as Mr. or M(r)s. President. I'm a republican and an American. Your health plan was terrible!
Ooh is it as good as your health plan?
Sorry, do you think you could get any farther up Trump's butt? Maybe you can get the other Republicans to give you a boost.
See? Now I can't believe anything you say anymore. #sellout #evilhealthcareplan
We will fight the GOP every step of the way just like with healthcare.  Liars!!
@potus is making fun of @SenJohnMcCain .....   You seem pretty quite about that today.
Why don't you do something about AMERICAN PEOPLE IN PUERTO RICO, do something 4ones that shows that you human,not a useless boob
Just can't 'follow' you into a deep ditch void of reason and democracy. you'll be holding DT's umbrella during the nuclear fallout.
What's with the sucking up!? Man up Senator.
We don't trust this Congress
You and other  rich  people  will benefit from it. Screw the rest of us, middle class, poor, and elderly.  GOP party of the rich!!
Bow down before the one you serve, Linds
So once again you wealthy elite get tax breaks and we get screwed?  Yeah, we're going to fight this one too.
When did you drink the Kool Aid?!  You’d better close loopholes so wealthy biz owners cant use pass thru exemption via LLCs to pay less tax.
I use to half way like you..sometimes.
Resist. He hates you
Trump must really have dirt on you. You have become quite the obedient servant.
Such a damn kiss up ...

Looking forward to #DotardDon putting his friends profits above the lives of American citizens too Mr Graham?
No tax reform until we see Trump’s returns
Sorry more BS from the liar in chief
Do the people get to see it? Or do we only find out after the fact.
I don't think you are a bad guy at all, but you seem to lack self respect
Nothing like a VAST transfer of wealth from the lower and middle class to the top 1% to get you all hot and bothered, huh? #resist #2018
Kissing ass. Boy R U a disappointment.
Rich get richer huh Lindsley?
Make sure to brush off your knees when you stand up.
Sir, just wondering if you put some lipstick before kissing or just  plain ass kissing?



