Talk about the Seychelles and Erik Prince and Russia and the lying duplicitous cadre in the White House! 
Say it ain't so.  Don't go.
RICE DID HER JOB! Stop w/the distractions! And O'reilly? You sure love you some sexual predators.
Happy Sexual Abuse Awareness Month, guys.
In stead of this witch hunt, We want to see Trump's taxes, not tax cuts for the super rich!
Stop the diversion about Rice.  Start earning your pay and legislate.  SAD that you have become @realDonaldTrump stooge

So you are focused on the Susan Rice shiny object. Sad! You should be concerned with Trumps tax returns and Russia!
DUMMY. Just when we start to think you're a legit defender against Russian collusion, you fall for Trump's OKEYDOKE Susan Rice diversion.
LGraham does that.I'll get all excited 2hear his new more reasoned position.Then,right when I think he means it,he realigns w/Repblicn ranks
Got 36yr old Kushner & trumps personal security guy from NYC, sitting down with the Kurds w/no experience,that's what u should worry about!
nope. don't do sexual predators unmasked.
Yawn...that was a complete waste of time

Please do not go on Bill O'Reilly. You should distance from a serial sexual harasser.
Nice fucking timing, man.
what about O'Reilly's harrassment? U should be ashamed to appear on his show
Not the best way to spend National Sexual Assault Awareness Month, Senator.
Seriously?
Seriously Lindsey!  I thought you had more integrity!  You know this is Trumps deflection!
Please stay away from o'Reilly!
Even huge economic powers in our state (@BMW) pulled support of this sexual harasser... Why do you still go there to spout baseless claims?!
Yeah because Rice is a topic u will get something out of... u r wasting your time... and the people time!
stop it about Mrs Rice already, stick to what's important, Russia and Trump!
Stop 
You need to get serious. Are you pro-USA or princess-Russia. You sure push agendas that help Russia.
You are useless
Start making people a priority instead of trying to create political chaos!
wow way to promote sexual harassment
If your not a liar like the president you should go to Ft Mead & get paperwork to show Rice did something improper. @JoeNBC @RandPaul
Discussing Sexual Assault Awareness Month?
What you should be trying to find out is trumps collusion with russia #complicit
So you are going on a serial sexual assualter's show to talk about yet another faux scandal instead of actually doing the country some good?
You can say you were one of his last guests!
Do you have to bring your own vibrator? Or does Bill have a drawer full for guests?
I thought you were better than this
You should be ashamed of yourself.... 
You're just another Puppet for Trump !
So Trump falsely accuses Obama of crime and you laugh. Now he falsely accused Rice and you want to investigate? What happened to your balls?
What's wrong with you? You know Susan Rice was doing her job. What happened to your integrity? What are you doing with sleaze bag O'Reilly?
Any camera will do, is that it?
Ummm... Lindsay, come back to the world of rationality and decency.
Who's gonna listen to a sex offender?
Susan Rice is simply a diversion & distraction. Trump can only blame others and you all pile on. Pitiful lemmings.
Gross on both counts.
You're going on Orielly factor???Wow....
Sorry, no.  Won't watch you there.
You should not be on this show.
What about Susan Rice? She was President Obama's Nat Security Advisor. She was doing her job.
Why don't you do yours? Trump Russia collusion
Is he setting you up with one of his concubines? You do know that your reputation is tainted by those you associate with, right?
Oh no Graham... you have caved.  Shoot.
Slandering Rice with NO evidence of wrong doing?  Your statements with respect to SCOTUS and Syria and now O'Reilly? Done done done
You Republicans love your sexual assalt perpetrators.
So disappointed in you!  Pick any other show but this one.
So now there's a phony counter narrative. Susan Rice didn't meet with Russians  I want to know if Trump aides & Russians stole  the election
Ask him about his $13million settlement
He's not a very nice man. You ought to reconsider.
Why don't you ask him why he paid off those women he sexually harassed
I'm so mad at myself. You ALMOST had me fooled. SMH
Looking for a change in careers?
Are you gonna discuss sexual assaults and stuff or are we ignoring that ?
You must be kidding.  I wouldn't be caught dead with that dirty od man.
Commandment.  Do not false witness
Sorry Mr Graham, I'm boycotting @oreillyfactor. Wish you would had made a better choice for women to tune in. 
The reason men have and will continue to treat women as objects, because other men refuse to stand against their actions.
It's situations like this that make me question your more thoughtful and smart decisions...but you must pander to your base I guess
What about Trump situation? No matter how much you want to divert attention from it, it will continue.  Are willing to pay the price?
You should speak to chris Wallace instead.
Sad.
What a shame. So disappointed and sadly you probably wouldn't understand why.
Great comments.
Just like the rest, aren't you.
Why don't you go a a reputable network instead of Fox?
No problem going on @oreillyfactor @Sen @LindseyGrahamSC and running down women
You hit it out of the park. Great job.
Why would you support that beast?
Senator, your strategy for President Trump to follow on responding to the Syrian chemical attack is perfect.
How bout talking about his lawsuits!!And stop the deflection with Susan Rice
No free pass to susan rice  if she will not answer  charge her with what you  have she can go to jail alone if with obama  that her choice
Say it with me @LindseyGrahamSC  #Trumprussia that is the only thing you should be talking about.
Susan Rice was doing her job, now do yours. Country before party.
Why O'Reilly senator? Certainly you can do better.
WHY???
Susan Rice did nothing wrong and u know it! Look at Russia and Trump he is in with Russia as thick as thieves
You have sunk to a new low. Are you announcing your retirement next? May want to leave before you're kicked out on your doddering ass.
Susan Rice is a distraction. Let's talk about the STOLEN SEAT.
Don't forget to ask him about the sexual harassment
If you lay down with dogs you get up with fleas. I can't believe you support that abuser. Disappointed in my Senator
Are the settlements for work place misconduct going to come up? They should. In fact, he should be off the air.
You and a sexual predator...great graham. Know how u feel about women
Now, I am really disappointed in u, sir! @ORiellyFactor is a sexual predator just like #faux45! So much 4 u being an upright guy!
You are embarrassing out state!
Now that just explains it all. I U don't know "sex em up" O'Reilly is toxic about now, how you able to discern what's good for America!
Do not deflect from Trump and Russia which is what he wants
Let's net this out & make those responsible accountable & pay!
there is no Susan rice situation except in your heads
Celebrating Stop Violence Against Women month with him?
Bad choice.
Seriously, are you planning to not discuss Russia, corruption, the way this admin is trying to undermine American democracy?
Not a good idea to go on his show. Even worse idea to tweet about it. It sounds like you are condoning his criminal behavior.
No.  Don't watch that nut in South Carolina.
Your kids have to be ashamed of you. Awful

Trump lies about everything! Crowds. Sweden. Owning a bathrobe. And yet were following him down this fucking surveillance rabbit hole again?
Can not figure you out, Senator. Like a student who has a C average because he gets either an F or an A. Fluffy Rice story on O'Reilly: F!!
You are going to tell them that if she unmasked the names, it wasn't illegal, right? Because you know it wasn't.
And while you are at it, you are going to remind them that Obama asked congress to vote to authorize action in Syria, but there was no vote.
And then you are going to ask him about being an abusive predictor prick, right?
Plan to miss that one.
Ask him about the 13 million payoff.
Take a minute to ask about all that sexual harassment, too.
See if you can fit in a comment on Bannon...or O'Reilly.
Sen Graham why go on his show? Take a stand against him. Women across America will respect you even more. This Dem is very disappointed
@RealRonHoward remember when u said he was one to have hope with. Sadly, I was right. No better than the rest. & meeting w/ sex predator.
I think that would be a mistake, Mr. Graham. You should cancel.
You're above that Senator
Hell no!!  Why are associating yourself with that abuser!!!!
Respect women and honor Sexual Violence Awareness month. Boycott @oreillyfactor
And Bill Cosby!!!!!!!!!
You also just might want to discuss russia? Nevermind that's probably not important
Come on Lindsey !! You are much more than that !
I was holding hope with you....you're no better than the rest of the pigs. And meeting with a guy who sexually assaults women. You suck.
you're going to be on O'Reilly? What's wrong w/ you? Are you awake? Alive? Sober? What's the deal?
Will NOT be tuning in, Senator. Disappointed you would give that show your time.
Really???? Boycott @oreillyfactor ! Shame!!!
Fox news is a joke and you are feeding the fake news propaganda machine
@LindseyGrahamSC appearing on @oreillyfactor tonight. No problem for him since he doesn't hang with women.
BWAHAHAHA Come Home To Mama, All You Suckers!
If he hits on you or suggest meeting in his hotel room after, run. #nomeansno
Boycotting Bill O'Reilly until a sexual harassment investigation is done. I would recommend you do the same!!!
Does this really seem like a good time to go on @oreillyfactor ? I wouldn't want to be near him if I depended on elections for my job.
Lindsey no!
Senator please do not dignify that person or his program with your presence. And scapegoating @AmbassadorRice is petty and malicious
Bad move. You distrance yourself from people like @oreillyfactor for what should be very obvious reasons.
Makes it seem like fake news Senator Graham. Fox News is the home for that-you can do better.
Lindsay I was starting to to like u than u go on Bill O show. Most women would do this 
This is a sad moment for you and for those that thought you had more integrity, Senator.
Ask him about sexual harassment while you're there.
Mentioning Susan Rice to get views ,it's pathetic I was hopeful you would be the patriot instead of a politico for once.
ask him about his sexual assaults maybe?
Make sure you speak slowly to take up air time that the commercials were scheduled for.
Skip the Rice and get to the real meat  #Syria and #Russiagate
This is a joke, right?
Um, should you really be going on that show? + Rice story just a diversion from Trump scandal.
Also talk about how eager you are to crusade in the name of Trump & GOP, but cower at the sight of Russia and election tampering. #goppuppet
Lindsey likes a microphone.  Nothing gets done, just talk and drama.  #RUSSIATRUMP  .@SpeakerRyan
Disappointed in you sir. By going on his show at this time you are tacitly supporting his sexual misconduct.
I'd rather gouge my eyes out with a spoon. Shame on you, Sen. Graham, for appearing on the same stage as a sexual predator.
You should be ashamed for going on that show.
How about Russia and the president that is the real issue
You're shameful. Susan Rice was doing her job & she didn't do it in a vacuum. You know better! Your President is a dangerous cretin.
Be sure to ask that bonehead about the sex harass alleg tol. If ur bringing up wild ass crap against @AmbassadorRice might a well ask him to
Wow. No respect for you senator. You do know that he is a pig.
. ...Syria, huh? Not Russia..but Syria. Not the likelihood that your president colluded w/Russians.
Wow. Just wow. I thought you had more integrity.
How the hell can you go on that show, with that man, and discuss ANY woman is beyond me
please reconsider, senator. what message does this send, given the current oreilly sex harassment controversy?
#FoxPredatorNetwork
If you're doing Fox News...eff you and Fox...Fake News!!
Don't forget to ask him about all the sexual harassment claim about him , instead of this Trump made up story.
Please wish O'Reilly Happy Sexual Assault Awareness Month for all us women he hasn't assaulted yet.
As the father of 2 daughters, I will never watch Bill's show or Fox News again
How could you sit down with Bill O'Reilly?  Thought you had more integrity.
I had high hopes that Sen Graham would not allow politics to come before our country's democracy! Please don't let us down-be bipartisan!
What about Sexual Assault????
You really think you should be going on a sexual harasser's show? What message does this send to women?
@ORiellyFactor is a terrible venue
Very disappointed that you would appear on that program.
And you're proud of this?
@LindseyGrahamSC Everyday, I lose more respect for you. The O'Reilly Factor is the best you can do?
Will be watching to hear my senator and your words of wisdom. Don't like O'Reilly.  Need to get booked on AC. He is nice in person .
@JoeNBC  nice to know you have no problem appearing on the show of a sexual predator which isn't surprising because you prop up on in WH
Be sure to speak your mind about how Russia sanctioned a cyberattack on American citizens and because they are democrats, you don't care.
Great to see you go on @oreillyfactor.  Kinda proves your value as a statesman. Wow, seriously?
You are despicable.
' Rice is such a convenient scapegoat for a gang that can't shoot  straight, talk straight, or put country above party or self-interest-LT
No thanks. Would never watch someone who treats women like a piece of meat. Shame on you.
I used to like you, bye Felicia
What's next? Meet and greet with Bill Cosby
Reverting to form. Sigh.
oh hey! Good to know you support sexual harassment, senator.
