yup said same. To willfully aim to destroy the health of Americans is akin to treason. Rich only deserve life?
@GOP is majority so refusal to tweak ACA w improvements RESTS on @realDonaldTrump @housegop @SenateGOP
Same old Republican bullshit. Why fix something or actually have a plan? Just let it fail and screw everyone. #doyourjob
Mr Graham. Work to make ACA work better
If you look carefully states in trouble did not expand Medicare. Needs to be fixed now, stop repeal games. No real plan.
What like South Carolina? You bet they will do everything to stop that, right @TGowdySC
Shame on you. You are better than this.
You dhould be happy! v
i respect you, but this is a disappointing thing to hear from you. Let's fix what we have...
But @realDonaldTrump said his plan was basically the greatest thing since sliced bread. What happened?
This plan was Paul Ryan's baby not @realDonaldTrump. They need to start working together for the people, all people.
Yes they do. ALL of them, Repubs and Dems alike. And THIER insurance needs to be AHCA!
your concern for your constituents is overwhelming. How about working to improve healthcare? Shame on you.
How about talking sense to power?  Single payer system is the only way to go...nothing less.
Lindsay, get a clue. ACA is popular, and big pharma and insurance need to get out of your pockets
Thank God are my only words. You may not agree but maybe this is the time to come together instead of fighting among yourselves. Please try.
I agree ACA DOA but don't be a never Trumper
can't wait to vote mindsets like you out!
Not what you're next known for Senator.....Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good!
So FIX it. Don't be bat shit crazy. I practiced veterinary medicine for 46 years and we did great care for a lot less $$$.
why are you like this
Fix ACA, not replace or weaken it. Trumpcare plan is/was awful.
shame on you next move on healthcare universal healthcare and single payer you guys suck
stop and think how SHAMEFUL it is for you--a person with health insurance via FEHBP--to wish for others to have none.
the fix is simple-Increase subsidies and add a public option. GOP would rather let people die and suffer than let ACA work
then do something in the Senate and fix health care!  Why r u not working on it right now, why r u in DC? DO SOMETHING!!!!
So I guess Republicans won't try to make any improvements to healthcare in the meantime- - shame on you, heartless
slowly kill the ACA, millions lose healthcare and die too? Great idea, thanks. How about come up with a better idea?
It's now TIME TO IMPROVE and not replace Obamacare-ACA.
APox on both your houses!
GOP controls Congress & WH.  If problems with ACA are not fixed, the GOP owns its failure to act.
Why would you want to cause pain & bankruptcy to Americans who need access to care?
Great job fail your people now we are the ones holding the bad end of this deal republicans don't seem able to govern
Are you rooting for us to pay higher premiums? Do something to make it better. Failure means your constituents suffer;is that what you want?
Im tired of you not thinking independant. Im going to help both parties in SC foster your replacement. You Sir are done.
So basically you're upset you can't begin class genocide on schedule? Do Russians have a better gene pool to Nazis? #resist
work with the dems to fix.
you know it could be improved.  Just try. Please
are Americans are tired of  so much "WINNING!" Well done @realDonaldTrump Maybe spend less time golfing, and do some work
This needs to be thought of carefully and slow. No rush no mistakes everyone wins
You've been praying for it's collapse.Why don't you work on improving it?Oh right, because it's Corporate interests for you
how about you be a leader and work with dems to fix ACA so it doesn't collapse or is that 2 much work?
wow thanks for caring what leadership this is the problem with Washington
no sir not if you start working with Dens and FIXING the parts of current law you know can be fixed. Do the right thing
You regularly remind me of how your policy proposals offend against decency.
Consider listening to the American people, cutting waste elsewhere & doing your jobs in representing us equally. #resist
Why push to make it collapse? why not work to improve and expand?
You're better than this.  Reach across the aisle, discuss ideas for Repair. Stop insisting it has to be repealed or otherwise destroyed.
I would suggest working across the aisle to improve.  That is congress' job!! @DanRather
How about improve the ACA? Much more productive than your idea.
@Emma_Dumain Dream on!
What is so wrong with trying to work on the problems with ACA? Maybe you should try to work TOGETHER to solve the issues!
Lindsey, this is kind of a pouty response.  Why can you not bring yourself to improve Obamacare?
I can accept Collapse and Replace easier than Repeal and Pretend.
more sloganeering from the party with no answers & no policies to match.
Why let it collapse? Country before Party PLEASE. This concerns people's lives. More than political capital!!!!
I thought u were 1 Republican who saw things through a clear lens of what is best 4 America. I was wrong, but so are u. 
How about FIX it???
@MaryCaitlinByrd Glad to see you rooting for people to lose their health coverage.
you could just work with the D's to improve what exists. Just a thought?
it would be nice to hear one of you put politics aside and realize people are struggling.
you and Trump fix it.  THIS IS YOUR GOVT FIX THIS HEALTHCARE
Govmt shd not even attempt to Fix ObamaCare let it fail and then Repeal and maybe not even Replace just have Free Market.
- don't F up tax reform - your on the clock - 2020 ! REPUBLICANS OWN THE NEXT 4 Years !
You and Rs had 6 years to come up with something better and this garbage bill couldn't even pass a majority house.
Don't you hear the American people?  The majority LIKE ACA!  How about EMBRACE and IMPROVE instead?
You've been on the D.C. teat for a very long time. It's time for you to retire!
This is disgusting..I voted for Trump. BUT PEOPLE BLAME YOU THE CONGRESS .GOOD LUCK NEXT ELECTION...YOUR DONE.
True. Redouble your efforts to sabotage Obama's good work so you can blame it on the Dems and give use useless sludge.
playing w/ lives. Great things take effort over many years. Eg: Linux, social justice, scientific progress. Ashamed at GOP.
Collapse because of GOP sabotage is not a plan.  The ACA is "the law of the land" with 53% of those polled approving of it.
Expand Medicaid in SC and other red states and REFINE this Act.  Remember that Social Security and Medicare/Medicaid took
time.  You are in charge now and to purposefully undermine the ACA will mean blood on your hands.  Can't blame Obama now.
you're hopeful for collapse? Shows how much you care about your constituents
Does it still count as a collapse if Tom Price throws a grenade at it?
try again next year,after Obamacare has hit rock bottom then don't help democraps
why not focus on repairing??
maybe universal health care.
Are the @HouseGOP So determined to destroy Obama's legacy that they will continue wasting time after he has left office?
grow up
Spoiler alert: it's not collapsing- unless the @GOP turds make it fail with sneaky legislation. Waste of time & - #FixIt
what you and @SenJohnMcCain don't have a press conference scheduled to trash the @POTUS?
You need to resign. Everyone knows you will be voted out of office.
I really like you but replace it with what?
how about just improve it!
@LoopEmma Now work with the DEMS and fix Obamacare!
Perhaps it wouldn't be "failing" if red states had approved medicare portion. Typ, break it then say how it doesn't work.
that is not very productive either. Bipartisan reform would be a better idea for all Americans. #alwaysroomforimprovements
not a very Christian concept. Why not , let's reach across the aisle and work TOGETHER to fix it? I thought better of you.
Americans deserve free universal healthcare coverage like we taxpayers provide for congress
this would be a just cause 4 GOP-Why limit senator's choice to free healthcare 4 life?
WE NEED SOMEBODY 2 WORK W KASICHs OHIO PLAN 4 all of USA Stop supporting DECEIT
Repair, repair, repair. Do not hope and encourage ACA to collapse and harm people. That is not the person you are.
oh sweetie no. cc: @USCBO
After 7 years of GOP griping... Let's fix the plan in place! That's what Americans (who have a ) want!!!
Why not repair that's what Americans want! Work together do any of you care about us?
why not just fix it Senator? Work together? Yall can call it Trumpcare if Obamas name is what bothers you.
just like your boss Obama wanted..
Have you even looked at the bill?

Please say you would not have voted for this sorry excuse for insurance legislation.
thank God it's being pulled. That was a bad bill. Get to work on something that actually benefits people. NOT the wealthy.
Wow so since y'all can't agree on anything we the people have to suffer? Nice @GOP turning out to be the party of fakes!
what the actual hell is wrong with you.
...or how about fix it? #SaveACA
The Obamacare exchange markets are going to collapse much faster than many who refused to vote yes realize.  Wait for 2018!
How about working for the American people? Improve the ACA!
Pretty cynical next move...Unless, of course, you don't mind letting your constituents fall ill and die. 

You are better than this Senator.
I hope that's not glee at our citizens being hurt along the way. I believe fundamental to patriotism is compassion. For all
Why is the GOP unable to improve the existing ACA. Amend to allow the buying of coverage across state lines etc. Why not?
No. Fix it.
the people will remember come 2018 if a new health bill favors ins co in lieu of us. But maybe Russia will save you all
Yep. Pass the buck because you jamokes couldn't get it together after playing "one big happy family" for 7 years. Get real
why not repair? Why force Americans to suffer in the name of playing politics?
I never thought I would agree with you but you are right on this
Did you mean, "lie and fear monger?" or maybe "mislead and misrepresent?" Or "talk big and be as ineffective as always?"
Time to get serious about healthcare. No more waste time on repeal nonsense. Just improve ACA, the law of the land.
how about stop lying, stop being greedy and FIX what you claim is wrong? #DoYourJob
@RepChuck @SenBobCorker @SenAlexander W/ due respect, "collapse" due to R's sabotage of ACA #KilledTheBill
out could just improve what's in place. remember when Dems tried to collaborate? #Idiot #DoNothingCongress
I believe you mean sabotage, lie, cheat, and replace.
How about Repair. That sounds nice. Is it merely pride on the line? Suck it up buttercup.
And then? Dismantle and Replace? Destroy and Replace? Demolish and Replace?
could shore up and fix. You know, to help the American people.
How about you figure out how to work with Dems and work to improve it...
why not Strengthen and Improve #ACA.
why not attempt to fix problem areas? Seems much easier AND what most Americans want
.@LindseyGrahamSC And maybe you COULD have been successful if you took the fucking time to do it right instead of this cobbled bullshit.
Yup. They were too much in a hurry for their big "win" and it blew up in their faces.
Why don't you try making the plan we have better. Just a thought
I agree. Lindsey make a plan that gives the ppl you work for the same HC you have. Snap problem solved.
K st must have NO say on writing health care bill.
You are better than this.
Now you can concentrate on that independent #trumprussia investigation.
YES!!!!!  Get with McCain and sort this out.  Plus Trump isn't your buddy.  A Trumpcare failure would have been
blamed on Congress.  He takes no responsibilty for anything.
I'm sure you're breathing easy now.

Trump declawed the Obamacare mandate in February. Unless it is put back in place for the time being, we are in trouble.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Tired of winning yet?
gee thanks!
nope. Repair
CBO CBO CBO CBO CBO
you should be ashamed of yourself.
instead of working to solve Obamacare's problems you are going to let it "die" and hurt millions of people.
