

Is Hope all you have?  Take actual action or shut up.
Trump let Russian's in the White House most especially Kislyak & gave classified info. Trump still refuses to accept Russia as a problem.
In. Your dreams! 
Good luck with that.
Is that a STRONG and DECISIVE "hope" or are you ACTUALLY DOING ANYTHING ABOUT IT? Gee we sure "hope" the Russians don't hack us again.
U r joking, right? 6 mos in office & he has not done ONE thing. Now blaming BO. YOU sent #PutinsPuppet to OUR White House. YOU DO SOMETHING!
@realDonaldTrump is working to get lighter sanctions by @HouseGOP of 97-2 @SenateGOP bill!! Scary!!
Know this, President Trump will do what is right for this country, the question is, will YOU? Stand with @POTUS back him up #2018
Don't hold your breath
Just not sure. You sounded so tough about it. Oh well, just another line of bullshit from someone who is only loyal to their party
Don't let this go..Trump is up to something. Country before Party.
Really? RU gave him the election why would he? It's up to Congress to pull it together, pat him on the head & put it front of him to sign...
Diversion!  Don't stop calling @lindseygrahamsc

Bipartisan issue! #MAGA
202-224-5972
#NoACHA
Both of your message boxes are FULL! 
Why should he?  Obama didn't take it seriously last summer when he found out.
Are we wasting Mueller s time? Are you and your party going to do anything when the time comes? How's those sanctions coming?
Yeh because they helped. Open your eyes Graham
Well so far Trump has only coddled the Russians & invited them to WH. Seems odd, huh?
Then Trump wants to limit sanctions & has to get bank loans in Russia because U.S. banks won't give him credit. He told coats & Rogers 2 lie
#5column is 2 real
The implementation of the sanctions would be a good start. Republicans are all talk and no oversight!
Are you serious?
SEN. PLEASE SUPPORT THE PRESIDENT'S POLICY,
You just hope for this happen, You and other senators can not act to happen
What'd you say on face the nation?? Whoever doesn't support Senate's sanctions undermining democracy. Veto. 2 weeks ago? How's that coming?
How can he when he seems to be beholden to Putin? Make him release his tax returns so we can know for sure.
sorry Lindsey, Trump welcomed the help!
Senator, while I am not a direct constituent, I admire and respect your views and honest approach to things. With that said, I do not...
Understand how you and the Republican Party still support the President. Nixon did far less than Trump has and was impeached for it. ...
The level of cronyism and nepotism surrounding him astounds me and I am thoroughly flabbergasted as to why your party has yet to put him...
In check. Please restore the respect the Republican Party once had by removing this man and his band of malfeasants from the White House.
“I hope…”? Really?
Then demand  vote audits GA 06, Montana, etc, and 2016!! Please
Isn't it too late to worry about Kushner's security clearance? In Mid East making deals behalf of U.S @ChuckGrassley
And will you say anything if he doesn't.
Yes, it would be encouraging if he were to condemn their meddling and respond appropriately, but for some reason he doesn't give a damn.
The #Republicans are a disgrace to American values. #trumpcare=#deathcare
Thank you for your bipartisan letter to the FBI as regards Jared Kushner's security clearance. Thank you for standing up for our country!
Hahaha, yeah right.
With all due respect Senator, it's your party that needs to put the brakes on this administration before real trouble happens.
Don't hold your breath.  When are the Republican going to put. Ountry over party.
 really?

Graham is good at saying blah, blah, blah but when it comes to a Vote he always VOTES for Putin's Boy!

Banana  Republic.
The First Step is admitting you have a problem!
He won't  if he does I'll be surprise
You might want to have words with @TGowdySC, because he's not planning on doing shit.
 you're funny!
You HOPE?  LOL! Do you HOPE Mueller will look at Flynn and “let it go”?  Thanks for that!
Btw, Who do you think will be the first to be indicted?  

Will it be, Flynn? Manafort? the #CrownPrince? 
The #JuniorPrince? Son, Eric?
Will it be #SlimeBallreguardSessions? 

Will Flynn make a deal and turn on #Donnie? Don't be nervous,  SPEAK UP! Who will it be?
You are a comedian ! In your dreams
Senator, you just make me crazy sometimes with your seemingly pure partisan stances, but you are 1000% on target here - stick with it & THX
And do you hope he stops telling lies and attacking the press?  Do something!
You hope? DO something about it!
Stronger line? He asked them to do it while he was campaigning! He's a traitor and a liar. You know it, we know it, he knows it.
Bahahaha  Can I interest you in buying a very nice bridge I have for sale in Brooklyn? 
Don't hope.  Do your job.  Trump is a deranged dictator wannabe.  Get him the hell out of office.
I hope Lindsey Graham will get off his ass and start being an American and vote for decent health care for all #Satchat
Let's start with trump just admitting it happened.
A stronger line???? How about ANY line??
Why? They helped elect him>
What a joke.....nobody gives a shit! Get over it
Is this tweet supposed to make you look independent? #Fail.
Who will make him?  All @senategop & @housegop R letting @potus get away with whatever he wants to do! A bunch of sycophants to an autocrat!
have another drink Lindsey
I hope President Trump will take a stronger line on fraud and abuse in our Government and destroy all our enemies foreign and domestic.#MAGA
And I hope you find a backbone, but I'm afraid we're both going to be seriously disappointed.
I hope you also recover your backbone
...while I look the other way and give him a pass.
WON'T HAPPEN! HE HASN'T EVEN SUPPORTED THE IDEA THAT THEY DID HACK!!! U COULD PERSUADE INSTEAD OF CRITICIZING OBAMA! COUNTRY 1st!!!!!!
FIrst, he'll have to admit that there was interference! Reality check.
Ole Brown Nosn' Ryan is trying to water it down 
You outta sneak some Moonshine in it to give it the kick it needs 
You and me both!  He won't because he owes them and it's time the GOP wakes up and stops being complicit!  Country before party!
No chance,  but you don't care along as you keep pleasing your donors. Shame on you for Supporting fake fraud con man Trump
Thank you for your work on the Judiciary Committee.
I hope the Republican Senators McCain and Graham team up with th Trump team to make America Great Again
Hahahaha yah right sure you do
Really? You take a stand now? Screw you and your cult following
What about you ? A senior Republican Senator The GOP has condoned Russia's interference & Trumps incompetence @SenateMajLdr & @SenJohnMcCain
As a verb, "hopes" definition includes: "expect with confidence." Thinking Americans have NO confidence he will OR in him. Do something!
Do something about it you are an important Senator and if you wish to continue in your current position you will represent your constituency
Oh please...
Spoiler alert: Not so far!!
They can't. Trump's in Putin's pocket. Are you dense? And, Flynn knows what Putin's got on Trump.  Wake the hell up & take back our country.
Looks like Lindsey has a case of the vapors again.
Is that same same kind of "hope" that #Trump had for #Comey, or just a suggestion?Very important difference apparently according to #GOP
Obsessed with Obama, maybe, Senator? The popular black President offends you? Cramps your style? Get over it. Trump is destroying America.
Yeah well I hope for world peace but I don't think that will happen either. Try voting against the insane bastard once in a while
Not until Republicans condemn the admin's disgraceful coziness if not collusion with Russia and rubles. Your patriotism is on the line.
A CLUE @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump would have sucked the dick of @PutinRF_Eng to win the #WH...instead, he committed #Treason
Got your fingers crossed, do you?  How's that working for ya?
ACT - take @GOP @RepAndyBiggsAZ to task. We spend billions to protect  natl sec & Putin bought @GOP for fire sale. SAD. #TrumpRussia
And are you going to stand up for the country instead of your party? And stand up against treason & lies & destroying the country?
Say it to his face then.
Ummm pretty sure the Trump administration will do nothing to deal with Russian meddling
Strong line already taken by President - blame O admin... I remember when USSR was an absolute uniting not dividing issue. Que paso?
Just stop there was none it was Hillary , stop being a puppet for the deep state . We know who you guys are, WE THE PEOPLE
Seriously? ROFLMAO!! #TrumpRussia
You don't know Trump then. He's watering down your sanctions you passed in the Senate on the House and Ryan might fall for it. GOP #Traitors
Hope away, Sen. Graham. He won't take anything close to a strong line.

Ex-Obama official: The same Republicans criticizing Obama for Russia response are stalling Russia sanctions http://hill.cm/uVc64sz  
If they were going to, Senator Graham, don't you think they'd have started B4 now? They won't bite the hand that feeds them.
Senator you need to do MUCH more than hope!!!!!
Hey how about that secret healthcare bill the GOP is trying to ram through?
Good luck with that.
Paul Ryan I just heard is trying to soften sanctions!! OMG the nerve Did you hear McCain say Russia worse than Isis? Today?? I'm so angry 
That won't happen, the GOP is in bed with Putin, yes, you too!
They know FBI & Mueller's team have ALL the evidence to begin CHARGE them all with High Crimes & Misdemeanors. BTW-McConnell, Ryan TOO!
...he won't. He has literally done nothing to make you or anyone else think that.
Stronger??!! He hasn't even acknowledged that it occurred. Seriously, what is wrong with you and your colleagues that you support him?
I do it think he will time for republican congress to do something
Thank you
I "hoped" you n McCain would b Patriots n would stand up against his attack on our democracy instead just empty words, DO your JOB!
Haha!  First Trump has to acknowledge it occurred.  Fat chance that will happen!
Hahahahahahahahaha [deep breath] Hahahahahaha
I "hope" I win the lottery.
That would require @realDonaldTrump to face that he just might not have gotten the job legitimately. #dontholdyourbreath
That sounds a lot like, "I hope you can see your way to letting this go. To letting Flynn go." Seem like he's interested in that, Senator?
HE WON'T EVEN ADMIT IT HAPPENED. I hope you'll take your job more seriously (and you should take that as an order from the American people)
I hope we can find out how much they are influencing him
He wont. He works for them!!!
Meddling is NOT the word for it, senator!
Come on now! You know better than that. He won because of them. He doesn't care!! Who you kidding??
You need to make sure and KNOW for sure that Trump isn't and hasn't been paid or blackmailed by Russians.
It's time to move on.. stop wasting time and money
Me too

And if they don't Sen Graham will u whip him with a wet noodle? Or just piss and moan about it , then vote yes on mean healthcare bill.
And people in hell want icewater....
You criticized Obama for being weak. What are YOU doing about Russian interference?  Country is at risk.
Spent 3 hrs explaining to a Trump supporter this was real and not fake news. He still spouts this to his followers. Russia winning now!
@JustinMRhoades who are you kidding. Trump still denies Russia interference.
Be specific
Facts are Good for the Soulless. Try the Truth, sir. Here it is:
The Obama admin tried to shore up state election infrastructures from Russia. 

Republicans stood in the way. 

…
You are a stoner Lindy.  BTW, hope is not a method. You probably better come up with a plan b.
Gosh, Senator, if only you had a job that gave you influence in Washington. . .
Sink the USSR Trump and hope will once again float
He won't. That would mean 2 things- 1. He cares 2. They didn't elect him
Like Trump has done!  Come off it.  You are no John McCain! No patriot. You just keep on with the Obama cheap shots which demean you.
Keep encourage them! It's your job to do that!!
Respond by tweeting what Twitler has already said/done like asking Russia to hack HRC's emails
First, he has to acknowledge it happened, then cleans the oval office of Russian cronies. He owes them too much money to do anything
Like admitting it happened?
that's a laugh
Yea, right.
He can't afford to.
As a fellow USAF veteran, I beg you to grow a backbone put country above party.
@LindseyGrahamSC Sir, more than ever we need calm heads like yours to help make the Trump Admin. To See there was invasion from Putin
He won't 'cos he's up to his nuts in the whole thing...
You hope? How about you demand!
It's against his best interests as a Russian asset.
Weak. Three times you've tweeted about 44. He won't do anything. He's lobbying to charge the bill senate passed w/ a  bipartisan vote.
After he makes his final loan repayment to Putin or before?
So do the American people.
Hope in one hand and  in the other...which fills first?
'hope'??  this is NOW a R issue....you're in representative majority & executive.  It's now ALL on you & this dirty pres.
I hope someone takes it seriously! Russia should be held accountable for what they did! I'm upset about that & the health care bill too!
Why, so the don't look weak???
I "hope" @GOP grows some along w some basic empathy & morals so our country isn't completely destroyed.
Americans need you to do better than "hope".
I hope the Senate provide legitimate oversight.
Trump loves Putin.  He loves anyone who is authoritarian.  If he can get himself elected King, he will.
You hold power to make that happen! Please follow through for us!
I am sure that your absolutely nothing will help to make that happen
Just curious...how much meddling do we do in elections across the world?
& I hope he realizes the ONLY way to change this damaged Presidency is to VETO GOP "Health Care" Bill. #backtodrawingboard
I believe he will
Russia as well as other foreign states have been meddling for years. Where was your outrage then? Why didn't u and others in Congress act?
Anyone paying attention with a brain sees you for the pure opportunist you are
We the people of SC will never forget your vote on this health care bill. The GOP has lost touch with reality. The DNC is lost. We R doomed
Look in the mirror Lindsey.  You've been playing both sides while waiting to see where  the chips fall
