wouldn't it be a miracle if you for once stood behind the GOP
Sessions should never have recused himself. He did nothing wrong. Ask Hillary about Russia, you, John M, Obama, Schumer etc
Dems know how to be loyal until there's EVIDENCE, learn from them! Shameful
however, if I lied to Congress like Jeff did, wouldn't I be charged with Perjury? Or are Senators a "protected class" ?
are lawless, but stick together, while Repubs are stupid, and shoot their own.  Support your President, sir!
...but, it won't stop there....drip, drip, drip.
<<< PLEASE RESIGN and take JOHN BOY McCAIN with you!
That is what the Democrats want.  They are the ones Russia deep. Shit is hitting the fan!
Really? He lied under oath. He needs to resign. Don't play the American people for fools. We will track everyone down.
No, you're confusing HILLARY WHO REALLY DID LIE UNDER OATH!
You're an attorney, you should know better. Sessions should resign, be disbarred, face perjury charges. #RESISTANCE
He needs to Resign.  America will never trust him.
Maybe and maybe not. May save him a lot of trouble going forward, but may also make is easier for Dems to get him to back
Sessions is needed for the investigation to find you a backbone #maga
No it was Not a good decision.
O.K. is this McCarthyism or a true conspiracy of collusion, only Mueller, Russians,Trump & Sessions know the full details and they are the ones that need to be asked questions, privately along with the rest of the campaign members under oath.
Why should he Loreta lynch meet with clinton and never recused herself
Why don't you just become a Democrat you are about as low as them anyway.Take Mcain and Bush with you
You're disgraceful-BENDING OVER WITH MCCAIN! Whose paying you- u Traitors! Uncovering the swamp is getting easier & easier
you had better get on Trump train or you are OUT!  Obama illegally wire tapped our President!  Get a backbone!
you are a embarrassment to the Republican Party. Start standing beside our @POTUS you're being very hateful.
Even better if he didn't have to. Guy's a joke.
was in the White House and has no regard for the law.  Stop defending him. It has been said, and rightly so, that the Dems
I respected you until you turned around & protected the people who cheated you out of your election bid for election, that is: what did the Russian trolls do to GOP primary to put Trump in office. Do you like seeing a filmed confessed pervert as President?
"great decision" to recuse himself from investigating himself? thanks, comrade.
accusations he made that Obama had him wiretapped as a candidate. You know that Obama had no regard for the law while he
Sessions didn't finish his hearings.  His lie should not be a rewarded by allowing him to bypass follow up questions.
down in critical cases. I think this is what made Pres Trump so angry.  Also, please stop running down Pres Trump on the
terrible decision - he should un-recluse himself and take charge.  Obama appointees should be dismissed immediately
Contemporaneously
If Sessions met with Russian ambassador on legit govt business, the meeting would have been discussed with others in govt.
I hope it doesn't just cause Dems to move on to their next target.
you Lindsey Graham are a joke
step down
let the GOP be the great party it needs to be 
and you must go
Point out Schumers hypocrisy when Clinton met Loretta Lynch in Pheonix during investigation of Hillary.
Grow a backbone and defend Sessions Charactor. He is a man of honor and you know it.
Independent investigation NOW!
potential? Make it so! Bipartisan full investigation #Trumprussia NOW. you have the power.
omg you libs aremsuch hypocrites it's unbelievable
no it wasn't. You need to start standing behind and supporting your party. Session did nothing wrong, was a witch hunt
It's great that he made this decision, entirely on own, w/ no outside influence. Now, he must decide to #ResignSessions
He should never resign... SESSIONS is a honest man... Dems busy inventing again. They lost big...

‘I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire!http://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/olympics/ryan-lochte-speaks-for-first-time-since-rio-scandal-%E2%80%98i-over-exaggerated-that-story%E2%80%99/ar-BBvRrhc?li=BBnb7Kz … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
You need to shut down this FAKE Obama Russia story. Investigate Obama for sedition - THAT would b a good use of your time.
This is a based on a fake story made up to take out our Prez. Why feed into their narrative. U WON-act like it & fight back
why r we investigating made up Dem stories w no evidence? Why don't u set the narrative? Obama trying to unseat Trump???
recuse to who? His deputy? There must be an independent investigator / prosecutor
plus unless you stand up for what you know is right you Senators become ineffective stooges forever diminished
Dio you believe an oath has any meaning in the rule of law? Sessions must go or there is no integrity in Justice Dept
Let's be clear Lindsay, he should not be investigat-ING, but should still be Investigat--ED. Blink twice if you understand.
Join the left, or shut up. Are you on the Soras payroll? Patriots everywhere are disgusted with you!!
I am ashamed I ever thought you would make a great President. You are a traitor to your country, party, and President.
@postandcourier he offered to recuse if staff recommends and only for campaign , not as it relates to anything else NGE
@postandcourier he played "cute" with the words. How many other times has he been cute? Recuse if his staff recommends??wtf
perjury and being the AG is not kosher.. he needs to resign ASAP. He can't be trusted in the position of AG.
If anyone knows Democrats unpleasant verbal diarrhea which up to high heavens about Russia phobia& intelligent sick of this
You wouldn't know a great decision for America if it stepped on your foot. Go back to conniving with @SenJohnMcCain
Frothing venom spat by Obama the brute&Hilary the maniac against Russia still echoing like a nuke.Why all thisRussia Phobia
And then resign.
NO IT WASN'T, RECUSE HIMSELF FROM WHAT? STOP DOING THE PHONY DEMS WORK FOR THEM. STOP SURRENDERING AT THE FIRST SHOTS!
he's a liar! Caught in a lie so soon you all can't trust him.
ALSO WIKILEAKS PROVED THAT THEY DIDN'T INTERFERE AND WIKILEAKS IN 10 YEARS HAS NEVER BEEN WRONG.
Short memory when it comes to the slew of corruption by Obama's AG's. Where were u when Lynch was alone in a plane w/ Bill!
NO IT ISN'T HE NEVER MET WITH RUSSIA AS A CAMPAIGN SURROGATE.  ALSO RUSSIA DIDN'T INTERFERE WITH OUR ELECTION.
You're a sellout. U and McCain need to announce your change of party bc we don't want u anymore
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @POTUS He lied under oath
Not enough. He lied under oath. Twice. Scope of recusal too narrow. Special prosecutor is necessary. Sessions should resign
He lied to congress and should be prosecuted. LOCK HIM UP!
needs to resign, recusing means guilt
And now It's Jared Kutcher. This drip, drip, drip is leading right to Trump
The AG perjured & you compliment him tho' he should be arrested? #PrivilegesNotAffordedtoCitizens #OutofTouchSenators
Watch this tweet go to the bottom. 
You're a R I N O. What a shame, no investigation into Hillary selling the Russians.
It is not enough. #Sessions lied under oath, so he should resign. #SC is counting on you. #perjury #SessionsRussia
@TheDemocrats He should resign and face jail time for his perjury in his confirmation hearing.
. Im sure your double looser friend bitter john mccain agrees . two peas in a rotten pea pod.
he needs to resign
he needs to resign. Anything else is inexcusable
U sir r a traitor to the  people.Why r u so set on this Russian investigation Go ahead your committing political suicide.
Agree with decision.   Now we need a thorough investigation of all politicians contact with the Russians. nuke deal etc.
Why was Eric Holder allowed to run guns to Mexico, lie to Congress found in contempt but was never prosecuted
Ok. Let's not throw our shoulder out because he did the right thing after essentially being pressured to do so. We're not that stupid...
he needs to resign. He LIED under oath. Resign, & then investigate Russia connection, or justice is not served.
Grow a back bone and stand up to the Democrats instead of giving in to their tantrums.
.@LindseyGrahamSC If was a Democrat you would have insisted on resignation. Shame.
yeah, great decision since he perjured himself. Can only imagine what you'd be tweeting if this was BHO or HRC AG.
Played right into the Dems hands.
i know he's your friend & colleague but the Ukraine GOP platform mods came at the convention where he met the Ambassador
So a deputy takes over, Trump doesn't like something they do, and Trump fires them? Sessions must resign.
Sessions should be terminated from his position
Sessions should have recused himself days ago! He is a disgrace to the office of Attorney General, LYING TO CONGRESS
LOCK HILLARY UP, LOCK HILLARY UP
Enemy of the people
Democrat in disguise 
#deceitful
Thanks to Fox News for airing the entire question and his full remarks at his confirmation hearing and not CNN lies
God bless President Trump,  God bless Jeff Sessions, God bless America
Graham says "I have not read the Constitution is lying under oath a bad thing? I know Bill Clinton got in trouble"
if you would have fought Obama this hard maybe you could have made a difference ?
It's ridiculous! He clearly didn't lie, but ya know. There's a great many people who clearly cannot READ!
Its true, time for him to resign.
shut up you girly man
#maga by lies and Alzheimer? What meant the word democracy again? Forgot this also? Greetings from Europe  @HouseGOP s
, Sessions perjured himself before Congress about conversations with Russia. He should resign or face impeachment.
Why? Isn't that an admission of guilt?
of course you do.  Same slime ball like you.
The only answer is resignation. Maybe Mr. Bannon will order Trump to grant him a pardon 4 the felony
I DON'T and I pay YOU & HIM. He lied under oath. He's the nation's lawyer. HE MUST GO. who the hell are YOU calling CRAZY?
bullshit
...Too many people in the WH are having meetings with the Russians....shady
not enough he must resign!
he still lied under oath and should resign.  He is an attorney and should know better. Undermines justice system.
Not good enough. He lied under oath, therefore he cannot be the arbiter of Justice.
yeah if only he would have wiped an illegal server, pled the 5th and ignored a Congressional Supeona!
NO. I am your constituent and will hold YOU accountable. Sessions must resign; face perjury charges.
Did he have a choice???
@DavidWright_CNN Hey, @LindseyGrahamSC, will you now call for him to recuse for after election Investigstions?
Lying under oath by the top AG is unacceptable. Time to prosecute!
Where are all of these nut cases coming from?
L.G, rather amusing the replies you get, it seems like most of your followers are lefty loons. They must love their RINOs.
2/2 what are you going to do about finding the truth related to the russians?
Seriously?

And I thought you were one of the good guys.
Is he recusing from Flynn's lies to the FBI?
Not enough. He committed perjury. How can he be AG? He MUST RESIGN. America will not stand for less.
You don't care about Sen Sessions or this Country! You sir need to resign! Your useless!
He needs to resign.
your pal John McCain is very quiet about chats with Russians.. Hmmmm
So apparently you met with the Russian Ambassador too, eh?  You're an absolute fool to think you could lie like that.
we spent 50 million dollars and appointed special prosecutor to find out who Clinton was screwing in the White House (1/2)
Is it tho?? Is it??
@postandcourier ~ HE LIED UNDER OATH!!!!!! HE GOT CAUGHT!!!! RECUSE??? HELL NO, RESIGN NOW!!!!
recusal not enough.  He is not running the local Chilis.
What a hero!
It was just revealed on FOX that you have met in office with Russian ambassador. People forget who they meet w/ allthetime
I thoroughly believe Sen Sessions & this vindictive witch hunt by the Dems has to stop!Americans deserve better than this!
. You sure you aren't a democrat?  He has said that since the beginning#getonboard
But not good enough Senator Graham. You can't be deliberately misleading and be the nation's top lawyer.
Eric Holder was. And he was held in contempt Congress. We're u just as outraged then? He blatently lied about FF
Um yeah, since he can't investigate HIMSELF. he needs to resign now. Today. Right now.
And he should step down correct? How do you have an AG who lied under oath? #SessionsLied
full of bs. No one is buying that he didnt give in..or that he planned to actually recuse today. Dont demeab yourself, Sir
Now he needs to resign.
He's not going anywhere.  Move on to your next Move-on project.
Like all things Trump: they do the right thing only AFTER getting caught. Trump WH is greatest US betrayal since B.Arnold
@postandcourier u don't believe he should step down? Give the people an honest answer not one that you're bound to by party
Come on, Senator, it's not enough. He must be fired.
He should resign.  You should call for it.
crazy world when the attorney general can't investigate corruption because he himself was involved in it...
When does he offer his resignation? I'm sure you'll fight to ensure the investigation is independent?
I know he is your friend .But that do not excuse for his lying under oath
Ya know...we can all see and hear and we all saw the testimony.  So, like, making this up isn't working.
Dems Alinsky tactics, freeze a target and destroy it #Sessions  He must of discovered some corruption big time @VP @POTUS
he needs to resign for lying
ya think?
| Not good enough. He lied under oath. He MUST resign.
He should resign. He is a disgrace. Recusing himself? He perjured himself and should be prosecuted. That is the only choice
Not enough. Should recuse himself of any investigation involving Russia. During campaign, transition, and after election.
Pity he didn't fully recuse himself from post election matters.
When @jeffsessions answers a yes/no question with "I don't believe so", he is lying #Sessions #lockhimup #
need an independent investigation. @danaboente may also be implicated in this as well
You need to resign from the Senate for all of your dirty dealings.  I used to have some respect for you.  Not now
Why? You said he wasn't lying and you believed him.
Not good enough.  He has to go.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Applauding a liar for finally doing whats right? C'mon Lindsey, stop playing partisan politics.
Graham certainly is He ignores the Constitution when it comes to GOPs lying under oath
Next step is to resign, your next step Senator is to call for special prosecutor to clean up the mess DT made of your party
You can't have a special prosecutor if there is no prosecution and there is no crime to prosecute.
Okay.  How do you feel about the fact that he sent Carter Page to Moscow to tell Russia we will lift sanctions
