Arpaio pardon was a gross abuse of power and you dang well know it. If you keep laying down with dogs you'll get fleas.

Sad!
I guess it's easy to push us into war when u don't have any kids to risk dying in said war...
Bigotry,Hatred & Jealousy is a disease has no Cure,As have been proven over a decade the Leader only rewards Lier's to distruct Civilization
The Organization is Blindfolded by (Centntury 21 Hitler) they Assassinate character by Vice versa of truth to satisfy Hatred (Ex.Dr.Brigety)
Trump melts down daily just being on twitter and you're encouraging him to be forceful in regard to nuclear weapons?
What you some kind of war monger?
Diplomacy & sanctions! Stop the hawk talk! Millions of lives at stake! No military action in NK!!
Stop wringing your hands and "being concerned."  Do. Something.
Don't worry. He'll rattle off some crap in a tweet before long.
He's gonna rain fury & death upon them the likes of which no mortal has ever seen or some shit like that.
Yes. The biggest and best fury. Oh yeah, and fire. Lit cow patties.
Lindsey Trump doesn't care he is busy with photo ops in Texas and Lousianna.
This is the words of a warmonger!
Maybe he'll take some of the money he'll make on those caps and donate it to Houston.#deplorable
Right and then KJE will bomb me and my wife and my daughter in Seoul thank you Lindsey
Trump must resign Lindsey
Why??
He doesn't possess the attention span. #25thAmendmentNow
He lacks ability. Senator you are complicit to all his doings. #Charlottesville why this now  http://www.cnn.com/2017/08/28/politics/police-military-gear-ban-lifted/index.html … #RepulicanRussianCOUP
Way to go President Trump!!! 
Instead of trying to lord over our President start repealing the ACA . In other words do what the voters called for!
He does not need your guidance.
Please don't call that lunatic out in public on N Korea. Hope he missed this one bragging about his handling of the flood.
Hhahahah
That was one low blow, which one blow on the low may just be what he needs to sleep enough to get in touch with the world & Wake up finally!
I'm more concerned abt the erratic, divisive, unstable POTUS. Every day some new revelation makes me think he's more corrupt than Nixon.
Oh yeah! Not even Kim Jong Un is going to distract me from Trump and his alt rt affiliations & racist views.
Can you back your claims that he has alt-right affiliations and racist views. Maybe some tangible evidence? Just want to check your facts.
Nothing?
I donot know what congress waiting for
You give the worst advice there could be. Leave Un alone, and stop attacking him. He wants recognition & you need to give it to him. Cost $0
WHATS THE PLAN ?
Trump?  He can't even tie his shoes.
You do realize we have a whackadoodle for POTUS, yes? You should have thought of this before you voted for this NUTJOB
Like throwing gasoline on a hornets nest.
Did you serve in the military?  And doesn't (retiring) sound really good?
North Korea must understand that we All share this planet and war gets us nowhere instead we must work together #togetherwerise
No doubt his generals have a plan. You should show support instead of sounding like you are criticizing the PRESIDENT.
What a kook u are. 7 years to better r HC system-nothing. You've been in US gov. since 1993 n NK has always been a prob, u'v done nothing.
I guess your POTUS threats of "all options on the table" didn't work. Go figure. So much for that respect he demanded. That's your boy.
A little late for that, hun
No Sanctions please,that is a slow cruel BLOW!!!HURTS the PEOPLE not the Government!!!!How ya doing Linds!Don't count me out YET!!!Dora
Your silence in our nation's silent coup is called complicit. #impeachTrump

How would do that sir
We pardoned a terrorist who said he wanted to build a concentration camp for prisoners. Care to comment, cuck? Pardons..thoughts?
Do fly over in Air Force One and assets the situation!
Please advise more specifically.  Trumps words appear to have no effect
Why not do something yourself? Your concessions to fraudulent our president is hurting our country.
FORCEFULLY RESPOND? DOES THAT MEAN A MILITARY STRIKE UNCLE LINDSEY?  EXPLAIN YOURSELF.
Japan needs to take defensive action to defend its country with THAAD. N Korea will never back down. Ultimate force is only action remaining
Which means NO ONE is leading the country.  The world recognizes this.  North Korea will continue because Trump is just a con man
Additionally, all those around him are there for their own purposes: 1)making money 2) dividing the country 3) pushing their prejudices
Lindsey, you assume Trump has skills.  He is a TV actor and con man who is not interested in the hard work of leadership.
Who are you talking to? Trump? He can do nothing! State dept offices empty. All he has is crazy talk that will get people killed!
Get the damn tax plan done 15 %
The world bank better not lead Boeing money for this . You should lend farmers to automate
How many jobs will your state will bleed ,cause of no tax plan . Why do we buy from Boeing . American military equipment made in U.S.
Well Boeing created a plant in China, and just a couple of months laid off 500 in Your state ,now they are in talks for India assembly line
Every aircraft that was repaired by Indian aircraft factory crashed. I am really worrying about the civil airline security.
What's your plan on doing that?
Why isn't Japan responding??
Such little thinking sir. Why do you choose to stay instead of repent? Choose forgiveness and you will recieve freedom from the Liar
Hey Lindsey, Obama Deep State Puppet, the President has this.  Thousands of military and their families are in harms way.
Trump will have to check ith Hannity and Fox News and Alex Jones to see what to do
And Senator, you & others of your party must stop tippy-toeing around this rogue President and his crime family.
The world will not mature with Trump as POTUS. N Korea is not as big a threat as Trump is. Moral decay is rampant now.
 zip it
A 5th world country should not be a threat, but because of jackass @POTUS @realDonaldTrump we have a problem. Out one you out both 
Yes. Kill somebody. Anybody. Just please do "something" to stop NOKO.... even if it's wrong.
Lindsey Graham - Trump is crazy and not a real leader. Don't hold your breath. It's up to you all to end this; not him.
If the GOP defends the Russia a investigation, its members in the Senate are complicit in a cover up and should all be impeached
Please don't recommend this admin forcefully do anything. They don't know what it means to temper your response with maturity.  No more war.
You must get to work and remove this idiot from office he is destroying this country
You've been identified as one of three sources in NBC's latest hit piece on Trump. You are all bald-faced liars.
How can u still b working on an ACA repeal? We know ur Kompromised. Pull a Chaffetz n just walk away
How?  Exactly what kind of force?  Nukes?
OUR BLOOD IS ON YOUR HANDS. YOU TAKE $$ FROM RUSSIA FOR UR GREED. TRUMP IS GOING 2 USE A NUKE AND THAT BLOOD IS ALL OVER ON ALL REPUBLICANS
Senator, I stand with you. The thought of an ICBM invading the air space over Japan  - enough!
How the heck can you trust trump to deal w Kim jong-un?  Trump scares me as much as kim jong-un.  

WHY WONT YOU IMPEACH????
Then show your support to our President on how he has handled it so far,  give your team members praise and encouragement
Love your new tone on Trump, well done Senator
I like you Senator, even I know you think this Trump guy is a clown. But I can't take you seriously until you and your party get rid of him.
Something must be done. You men and women had enough time to realize he's not going to change. Please ban together to save the United States
North Korea is playing a very dangerous game with a very dangerous and unstable 45.  Please keep all oars in the water on this one.
Lindsey....you're heard the angry orange clown @realDonaldTrump pontificate on any number of subjects, we're all dead as long as he squats
War is never a solution.  You and your folks have already allowed many billions and the blood of our youth and old to be squandered.

Trump's cybersecurity advisors just resigned en masse, citing his 'insufficient attention' to threats http://fortune.com/2017/08/26/trump-cybersecurity-advisors-resign/ …
He is mentally unfit and you all know it! Pence is everything you could want and 45 isn't even Repub/he's against you. WTH is stopping you?
It's a show to distract & frighten us. Trump will only respond as Putin has directed him to.
There's been enough forceful talk by Trump at this point. He has antagonized the situation. Stop the wargames, time for respectful diplomacy
And you sir need to get one 100% behind your president and rally the rest of the party
Mr. Graham, you and all Repubs in Congress need to start exerting some force to get bills passed. Get the job done!!
Obviously, North Korea does not have a steady hand at the helm and neither do we.  Diplomatically, this issue is dead.  Let’s wait and see.
Usually when we go to war, for some reason we become the destabilizing factor in the region and world.  Hope it does not come down to war.
Lindsey trump is a bigger threat to our democracy than Korea~when will you/GOP stand up for ALL Americans~impeach the pathological liar
They don't have the people in line to support the State Dept!!! And there are very few volunteers for these positions given 45s ineptitude
But first they must forcefully respond to convince TRUMP his efforts to destabilize our democracy will not be allowed! #Impeachnow
Whatever they ave on u they're gonna release it all no matter what u do. Or dont do. #impeach45 now.
This is NOT ok!
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/06/01/russia-spies-espionage-trump-239003 …
Impeach him already!!
How many Americans must die being led by incompetence to make you a profit?
You sat by quietly for your entire time and let this happen. Now it's trumps problem???
first we need a real man in office.
And if he doesn't....what will you and the other Senior Members of GOP do....nothing likely--just as you have w/every other broken promise!
Nah. Too busy doing the biding of two morally & legally corrupt sheriffs -- pimping Clarke's book & pardoning Arpaio.
You would love that wouldn't you lindsey?
Lindsey, you have a war fetish. God will bring you down with the entire Trump/GOP BEAST as witnessed by Daniel: http://duluthbahai.org/little-horn-prophecy-donald-trump-gop/ …
Build wall, reform taxes, fix infrastructure, replace ACA, and take out fatso in NK! That's a full plate!
Why are you so insistant on going to war? If you want it so bad, be a MAN and go fight in Afghanistan. #lindseygrahamistrans
Something needs to be done to spank the little man-child. Than put him a very long time out.
North Korea is trying to exert pressure and does not want nuclear war. You realize this, right @LindseyGrahamSC ?
gonna need about 15-30 million US troops to take on China and N Korea, lets go!
Who do we think started all of this nuke mess? We own him!
What type of force do you have in mind?  He's "excitable" enough. You don't need to give him any nudges toward disaster.
For you Liberals twits tweeting impeachment and resignation crap. IT'S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN. Lib media spin playing on ur emotions 4 ratings.
While I disagree with everything you are, as a Republican voter I do support this. There must be a very strong response, Japan is an ally
Maybe DT can offer to put up a T Tower in Pyongyang, or at least license the name. Oh, I know, Jnr's plonk wines- send a few cases
Lindsey, do us all a favor and go cuddle with your butt buddy McCain and your adopted son little Marco. You clowns are ruining this country.
We have to curb Putin, Sir! All of this is related.
It's time to shock and awe North Korea I'm sure trump will come up with something better.  Bomb that midget. Trump needs this for respect
Please do not encourage a war. Trump needs to resign or be forced out. We need a sane person in the White House.
Mr graham, are you reading all of the replys to your suggestion of "a forceful response to no. Korea? Please read them. We count on you
it's best if trump keeps his pie hole shut. He's going to get us all killed
Amen Senator!
Your mind should have a singular focus. Forget your Kabuki in NK. #ImpeachTrump
He's got no credibility left
I feel like the senate "must forcefully" deal with this raving lunatic in the oval.  Please help this country by doing this. 
He's busy tweeting. I'll make sure he gets your message. 
Thanks Captain Obvious
@realDonaldTrump ain't got the balls to do anything.  #NoHandOutsForTeaxsRepublicans
Trump admin must admit their complicity with Russian admin. Nothing else matters.
Graham wants war war war!
As they launch another missile.  @POTUS is impotent.
Do you seriously think Trump has any ideas as how to deal with N. Korea? His only experience is suing and being sued.
@LindseyGrahamSC you old War Hawk. Keep that little thing in your pants. Nobody wants to see that. Have a Daiquiri and shut up. 
A) stop pretending the charlatan in chief is capable of doing anything reasonable 
B) do everything you can to get him out
Are u happy. You & Rubio fight. Why is it always the assholes that don't fight send our kids?
Which means that we need to start a war?  Just what @potus wants. If you let him go to war as a diversion,, shame on the Senate.
Our world will not progress with #45 it is going backwards. Fix that before you start a nuclear war. #ImpeachTrump
Your president has destabilized the region and the world.
Slow your roll, Linz. Wow, can't believe I'm saying this... america first.

What do you recommend , oh sage?
Million Iraqis+Afghans killed to "save world from WMDs & blue-burqa", resources stolen, trillion$ taxes handed to bombmakers.
NK not the prb
Almost an entire state of this country is under water. This is why I'm not a conservative anymore.
You chastise Trump one second then applaud him for doing something basic the next.  Make up your mind already!
Who are you kidding Linds. The man has not the capacity for any of this. Unfit.
Don't even think about a war. Funny how NK acts up every time more Russian/Trump information comes out publicly
The only solution is the Chinese
There are no military options and you know that. Stop the tough talk and save lives.
Senate must support President Trump's agenda-stop talking & do something for a. Hange
#45 has no credibility
How many MORE REDRAWING of the Red Line will YOU, Trump and the GOP do???? @CNN #NorthKoreaMissileCrisis
Yeah let's rush inot a war just because you say so. Go play with your Lego's.
You volunteering to go to Korea first ? Grab ur gun boy and go
Hahaha good one lindsey.
He has forcefully responded, then members of Congress ridiculed him. You all seem to be confused.
Of course he does!!
Japan and Russian are far more at risk. #GOPropaganda
