Your hypocrisy is astounding.
Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland!
If it's repeated enough, would it possibly get through that thick skull of yours?
No SCOTUS should be appointed to a life time position when the POTUS who nominated him is under investigation for treason.
I wonder what will happen if 45 is charged w/ collusion. Will everything he's done be null and void?
I think we are in brand new territory here.  But....I sure hope so!
Merrick Garland was qualified, competent, ready to serve. Obvious why you can't get 8 Dems. Corporations over people - THE GOP WAY!
Garland - qualified, competent and was ready to serve. #hypocrite
You suck, Lindsey Graham. I hate you and every one of your scheming GOP swamp rats. You are ruining America. #Gorsuchsucks
Merrick Garland could.
garland - qualified, competent, ready to serve.  I know you are wrong on this one Lindsey
Just some more cheating for the GOP, pendulum will soon swing other way, especially after Trump's budget screws middle class.
You should all be ashamed of yourselves. Enjoy your retirement
This is a STOLEN SCOTUS seat from Obama admin. Nothing to do with Gorsuchs' qualifications. Shame on you & GOP senators
Maybe because Garland didn't ever get a vote? Just saying.
Decisions fav corporate agreements against an employee freezing in his car is not a good sign of good judgement
This is not a partisan issue. This is whether citizens will be judged by coporation first mentality or people first.
Citizens United agrees with you...how much did they pay you for you to agree with them?  Treason!
So was Merrick Garland didn't matter to 99.99% of gop for 11 mo's No Shame little courage or Morals, Fact most gop has Degraded our Country
recent Senate manuevers show the GOP is obcessed with winning. Traditional R values have no place. Not a true statemen amongst them.
Other harsher words come to mind, but in the interest of decorum, @GOP 's  process was disgusting and shameful.
Says a Senator who's OK with the disgraceful treatment of President Obama and Merrick Garland. Just go away Lindsey.
An up or down vote on Merrick Garland and you could have avoided this travesty
you make me sick. Disgusting can't get your way, hmmm cheat
Garland, if given the chance.
Seems I remember the pubs not giving a black Democrat President nomination even a hearing... why u mad bro?
GORSUCH'S A RIGHT WINGER WHO'LL LET RELIGION INTERFERE WITH AN UNBIASED INTERPRETATION OF THE CONSTITUTION. THAT'S UNCONSTITUTIONAL!
But you, @LindseyGrahamSC & the rest of the GOP, DIDN'T EVEN TRY!!!!!!
He's not, he's just attractive. None of the justices could make heads or tails of the Endrew decision...
Who's the GOP, you or that Buffon in the White House? Clearing that up might help
Garland. Still Qualified. Competent. Ready to serve.
you ruin the Senste for merely " competent"?
“You’re going to ruin the judiciary...I like the idea of having to reach across the aisle." - You, in 2015, wanting 60-vote reqt to break fb
What was wrong with Judge Garland other than he was nominated by President Obama?
Nothing was wrong with him!that's why Republicans  wouldn't even meet with him, much less vote
Gorsuch cost you my & my families votes.  My friends won't be voting for you again either it seems.
Ultra right, ultra conservative, pro-corporation, anti worker's rights, anti human rights. Sure, people should be flocking to support him.
C'mon, you know us Democrats cave at the first sign of movement from you R's. Nominate a reasonable justice and you would have had 8 Dems.
very very disappointed. You are not representing me as one your voting constituents.
If you hadn't played politics with Merrick Garland, we wouldn't be at this juncture right now,
That's what could have been said for Garland who the @GOP wouldn't even consider. YOU started this mess!
GOP go nuclear option to fulfil their ego
Disappointed in you. Unfollow.
Don't let media call vote option the nuclear option it should be called the REID OPTION for votes needed to pass legislation confirmation...
I see all Republicans couldn't do the right thing today and voted for nuclear option. Shane on all of you. I've lost complete faith
@SenateDems Your job is to work it out not steamroll and frat apart our democracy. You old men will pay for this in Votes, big fat ZERO!
Poor Liberals wààaaaaaaaaaaaaaa next batter up Ginsburg. Thanks Harry Reid you reap what you sow. Hopefully another liberal judge next year
Don't forget he's also Plagiarist in a stolen seat
It is upsetting to see how the Judge has been treated by our elected officials. I hope you will express this concern of many to him.
And you know it's not about him.
Shame shame shame on all of you.  It's time for a change in the house and senate.
Destroying the 60-vote requirement is unworthy of a patriot, and collusion with forces undermining the long-term viability of our democracy.
There is a guy named Garland. You could give him a try.
Americans will not soon forget Republicans' role in destroying our democratic institutions. #PartyOverCountry #Shameful
Unfortunately this stems from #mcconnel not even holding hearing on #garland #dems not clean on this but #GOP owns equal shame
Your nuclear option just killed the chances of any moderate.Whomever has the majority has no reason to consider anything but their extreme
position or canidate. It will be even more divisive.
So last year 60-vote rule was fine w/you as quote in Politico article states, what's changed since then?  #NoNuclearOption
Please ask for "Nuclear Option" be added to Popular Votes.  If you can elect someone like this then we the american public should be also.
Merrick Garland would.
@DianeLustig PLEASE vote no on Gorsuch IF he really plagerized parts of book. Please check this before vote
#misogyny
Strike 1: stolen Garland seat Strike 2: Russiagate appointment Strike 3: Plagiarism GORSUCH IS OUT!  #ILLEGITIMATE @SCOTUS vote!
Thanks Senator Graham!!!
1/with all due respect, gorsuch should earn a lifetime appt under a president who more than likely cheated his way to the white house
Merrick Garland was also immensely qualified. Yet not even given a hearing by McConnell and Senate Republicans.
Merrick Garland
Come on Senator historic unprecedented block of Garland. A moderate good man for this corporate shill. Gorsuch had no humanity.
@realDonaldTrump is going down and the @SenateMajLdr and the @SenateGOP will take you down with them. You've made the wrong decision, sir.
Graham- traitor to the democratic process and the American People. You disgusting, two-faced hack
Sounds like Garland.
This is all awful. SC will remember this when you and @SenatorTimScott are up for re-election. People and country over party or you're done
You can't get your way so you're changing the rules? You're a crybaby.
Maybe they'd play ball of you had at least given Garland a hearing.
A lot of ppl do not like him, but there could be far worse coming down the pike too. :/
Funny b/c the same was said about Merrick Garland's nomination re GOP support.
There are so many reasons not to push Gorsuch through: Garland, Pres. investigation, Gorsuch has not/will not serve "we the people."
Not true and you know it.
Merrick Garland
Thats wrong and you know it is wrong. Put forward a new candidate.  Changing the rules to force your win is an offense to democracy. No no
Nice to see you flip flop Lindsey. Remember you were part of this circus. Do you really think 73% of eligible voters won't show up in 2018?
The GOP is getting a taste of its own medicine.... crooks!
Sen. Graham you're better than this. You need to step up to the plate and not destroy the Senate.  No to Nuclear Option.
Why don't you try merrick garland? He's qualified.
Correct me if I'm wrong, wasn't Merrick Garland a Republican? I guess it was more about the man that nominated him. #GOPHypocrites
But he is not qualified.   Just because y'all keep saying it, doesn't make it true.
BS. GOP has done nothing but obstruct Clinton and Obama noms. Now you are upset because Democrats are making you take it all the way?
Merrick Garland was qualified, competent, ready to serve and you wouldn't give him a hearing Senator.
Garland - qualified, competent, ready to serve. Yet you left him hanging almost 300 days.
44 -56
Despicable, lowest of the lowest low way to act as a human.
Garland would have gotten you the votes.
Sure, but last I heard, turnabout is fair play. Install Garland instead and your troubles will be over.
Sad! Democrats need to stop putting up brick walls & do what they were elected to do! Being stubborn is not in their job description!
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garl
Not true.  Dems want a fair minded jurist to fill the seat you stole, not one that favors corp rights over people rights. There is a middle
You don't always get your first choice, pick someone else. #StolenSeat  #WhinnyLittleBitches  You wouldn't even meet with Garland!
This is bad arguing. You haven't tried to get a consensus nominee. Also, Merrick Garland.
Someone nominated based on bipartisan input, i. e., representative of ALL Americans, would get the votes.
It's NOT about Dems vs GOP - if you won't listen to the people of South Carolina we sure will find someone who will listen at reelection
A valiant effort by Senator Merkley. No reading of Green Eggs and Ham like your fellow GOP Sen. Cruz
So was Garland. That's why Dems are giving U some of your own wretched medicine. And the citizenry gets to witness never-ending dysfunction.
Hey, your job is to represent US the people of the State of South Carolina. My voice should matter more than the GOP's. Vote No on Gorsuch
The ONE Senator who did filibuster made a strong and coherent 15 hr argument as to why Gorsuch is NOT qualified.
Garland's seat.
If you agree with going nuclear about this appointment, ,saddens me greatly and completely disappointed in you and your tarnished reputation
#MerrickGarland
Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland could. Just saying.
Does your ass get jealous of the shit that comes out of your mouth??? Asking for a friend ..//
LOL!
A lot of people you work for oppose him. Do your job. This should not be about a win for you and the GOP.
Gorsuch favors corporations over individuals. But so does the Republican party, so I guess he's perfect for you. No nuclear option!
Ha! You are a piece of work. #SupremelyUNJUST
Merrick Garland
Listen to the people! Most of us are disgusted by the GOP's refusal to let Merrick Garland have a hearing. AND, we don't like Trump!
#MerrickGarland
Keep in mind 9 million people voted for other than Trump. His admin is under FBI investigation, approval at 35%. No nuclear option!
I hope you don't join in forever damaging the integrity of the Senate by voting for the nuclear option. Find a judge that can get 60!
It is NOT a political move to not approve. Change nominee, not rule! You're moving into dangerous territory.
Disgraceful conduct. Blocking Garlands hearing and  now changing the vote threshold for #SCOTUS.  No respect for our system. Sad!
You misspelled "Garland" & flipped @TheDemocrats and @GOP. @Twitter really does need an edit function...
no worries. You hypocritical GOPers will torpedo the man thru anyway. It's not like you listen to the people #2018voteout
The same could have been said for Merrick Garland. Even Gorsuch agreed!
Not true. You could nominate Merrick Garland. Also qualified, competent, and ready to serve.
Garland - qualified & competent (more than Gorsuch), ready to serve. If he cant get 1 GOP to end filibuster doubt any DEM nominee could.
How about Merrick Garland?
Qualified, competent, ready to serve= Merrick Garland.
If you cant get the vote, change the nominee, Ginsberg and Scalia both got more than 90 votes.
Maybe you gop should have thought about that before you screwed Obama. we shouldn't move forward until Russia is investigated fully
If Gorsush was a man with integrity he would not have excepted the consideration in the first place. Step aside for Garland
So glad to see the Republicans get tough.  It's about time we don't bow down to the Liberals
Merrick Garland. 79 judges nor confirmed, remember that? Of course u don't u r to busy having vapors over Rice doing her job.
No sir.
You're flat wrong and your party will be sorry it did this for years to come.
To justify not letting Obama's nominee go for a vote is unconscionable and without precedent What Biden/Dems said is no justification.
If you had the brains to nominate Merrick Garland, I have a feeling he could pass. Do the right thing. Give back the seat you stole.
Nope!
Would you give the same respect to Merrick Garland?? Shoe on the other foot and now going to use school yard bully tactics.
Get Gorsuch confirmed. Freedom loving Americans do not want Merrick.
Merrick Garland. You Republican senators really need to see a doctor about your collective amnesia!
Whatever it takes indeed. Destroying Senste rules, blocking presidents legitimate choices, snd allowing America to fall to Russia and China.
MERRICK GARLAND. MERRICK GARLAND. MERRICK GARLAND. Hypocrite much?
Please get his confirmation done quickly
not true, a justice who is more in the middle, like Garland, could. GOP won't even try.
McConnell wanted this so badly willing to let Russia steal our election, democracy to die, snd Syrian children to be gassed?  Sad!
Go visit your sexual predator friend oreilly and trump.  I guess guys like u stick together
The straw that will break the camels back
Merrick Garland
There should be no SCOTUS confirmation until Trump-Russia investigation is over. The legitimacy of POTUS is in question.
Not yet look into Russia let trump ties be gone then vote on judge
That's not true Senator. And how many filibusters did the GOP pull on Dems when they controlled Senate under Obama???
POTUS under FBI investigation.
No nominees of anyone until investigations are over on Trump/Russia and his bandits.
BE CLEAR.  The nuclear option is YOUR failure.  It is bc YOU've become so partisan and uncompromising.
If he can't get the votes, change the nominee, not the rules.  Country before party!
I'm actually kind of pumped for you guys to kill the filibuster. The legislative filibuster will fall soon thereafter.
Garland could.
Hardiman could
GARLAND, GARLAND, GARLAND!!!
WRONGO! Merrick Garland could
I'm sure there are compromise nominees, like a Sandra Day O'Connor, who could get Dem votes.
So was Merrick Garland. A lifetime appt should not be given by a man being investigated for treason. Don't change the rules. #impeach45
remember the Alamo. Remember Goliad. Remember Merrick Garland.
if you think Gorsuch is a compromise, you're mistaken. If you think compromise is unnecessary after Garland, think again
LG just talking crap about Gorsuch!
- Do your job -compromise -don't change laws to protect checks and balances so your party gets its way.  You're unAmerican.
Your own friend called the suggestion of going nuclear idiotic. Work harder to get the votes and fill the seat ethically
Why don't you run Garland up the pole first and see?

Your performative injured exasperation don't wash, Lindsey boy...
But you won't even try for a compromise, instead you'll ram him through - senate rules be damned right?
Two words. Merrick Garland.
How about nominating someone who isn't the NRA's hand-picked choice?
Wrong. He's an extreme far right robot.
A mainstream centrist nominee could.
You should have thought about this before stealing Garland's seat. Your decisions come home to roost #resist
I think a huge part of the problem is Merrick Garland. It's hard to ask Democrats to cooperate after you've just refused to cooperate.
no it's not hard put country over party. Maybe Dems did get screwed over Garland but when does it stop. Hurts US
I bet it would stop if Trump nominated Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland would.
You stole the vacant seat Blanche.
Garland!
And why should that happen? You guys scuttled the Constitution last year.
Is it true that Trump picked him from a list corporations gave him?  We want a Justice for the people! We are not corporations! #trump
You dopes just keep proving you don't listen to the people. NO VOTE FOR ANYTHING WHILE DJT IS UNDER INVESTIGATION #wakeup
Not about Gorsuch, although record ruling for citizens is bad. About halting 45 agenda & nominees til after #investigation.
You guys broke this one. Trying to ram down our throats someone who is somewhere right of ted nugent & ted Cruzs love child isn't compromise
