Speculation for Kelly's replacement includes McCaul, Kobach and Sessions http://politi.co/2tLmLvo  
If Trump moves Sessions to DHS he can fire Mueller and that is the game plan
Keep listening to Fox and GOP talking points Bob Mueller is a fine man  good man and a fair man much better than Trump
Yes Hilliary was meeting with the Russian's to lose the election makes total sense
Trump been a  Russian agent since the 80s
It's basically the same thing as firing Sessions and you know it. Didn't you say that,and firing Mueller was where you draw the line?
Mueller should be fired, there is zero crime to be investigated! There is no purpose in his appointment! It's empty! And partisan!
Millions of Americans want the TRUTH,whether that means he's guilty OR innocent. If he's innocent,you should WANT to clear his name.
And still no crime has even been alleged. So please tell me what the special council is investing! Because that's their purpose!
Oh, I would say they've been 'investing'a whole lot of their time on this! All joking aside,don't you want them to clear his name?
Ginger they could care less what Trump did They only care of the name is Clinton or its a D
I know,the Clinton Vendetta...
Yep It alway the Clinton Vendetta
So you meeting with Trump at the WH to steal healthcare away again Guess you learned nothing from Sen McCain Party is first
Trump is doing this to fire Mueller. Come on, Senator Graham, save the country and stop thinking it doesn't sound right. It isn't right!
Does someone need to remind you , You are NOT the President!
DHS Secretary Sessions sounds better than Senator Lindsey Graham.
I think DHS Secretary Jeff Sessions feels right to me. 
You are right!! Thanks for your leadership!!
Sounds like a problem...
Mueller is a good and honest man and Trump still denies Russia  factually did try to interfere with our election! KEEP JEFF SESSIONS AS AG
You having Republican title doesn't sound right. Doesn't feel right.
I was thinking the same thing, especially with all the #libtards trolling his page.
They're not trolling... they're welcome here, amongst one of the top five RINOs.  Graham, McCain, Mcconnell, Ryan .... all talk, no action
Hit the nail on the head.
Senator,  please just do whatever your job is supposed to be.  You had your shot.  The American voters didn't want you.  Work for SC.
You like Muller which is a bad idea. There is no Russian issue, just DC issue with Trump.
Why so suddenly picky, Lindsey? What is there in the Trump Administration that has EVER sounded or felt right?
You know that's what he is going to do, and I would hope that you people in Congress do something about it.... (If you know what I mean)
That's the House's job,  if you mean what I think you're fantasizing about. Not Graham's.
Right, "People in Congress". Though, the Senate can do things like Graham has talked about, passing leg to block the firing of Mueller, etc.
He's not my Senator; it looks as if he's not yours either.I guess it depends on how SC voters feel.Or whomever he ultimately answers to.
Trump trolls the net. So does Linden Graham.
*Lindsey FN auto correct t
Why am I suddenly reminded of Middle School girls doodling on their notebooks?  “Mrs. Lisa Crumb just doesn't sound right.
Come on, @LindseyGrahamSC  Are you just bored, or are you taking pointers from @realdonaldtrump in the area of distractions?
Besides, your vote on Friday night is in the record books, Lindsey. We will NOT forget it.
Of course, you could try to redeem yourself by pushing for Single Payer? Or at LEAST fixing the ACA!  Time to step up to the plate, Lindsey!
Ok listen I’m tired, this is all absurd, can you people get @realDonaldTrump out already? Enough.
They all act like they're afraid of him.
He’s a philandering, gaudy TV personality. The American public will back his ouster.
The sane ones will. I think they're worried about the gun nuts threatening civil war if he's impeached.
That’s what our military is for. Well, sadly it may come to that 
Are we meant to believe the ONLY ppl fit to serve this admin are those already serving such that all POTUS can do is shuffle positions??
Not many people want to work for Trump so he has very limited choices. Can't say I blame them.
Me either, and I agree w/ you. But I don't think he's even trying to find anyone else!
Anyone else would be subject to Senate Confirmation. Moving someone ALREADY confirmed would avoid certain unpleasantness!
Good point.
excellent point
You know what sounds worse? Senator Lindsey Graham. Retired Senator Lindsey Graham has a better ring to it.
Of course you don't like the idea because you would do anything to sabotage our president. Sad.
If only we cared what YOU thought !!!
If you hate the idea, then I love it! Stop working against POTUS, your approval is in the single digits w/American citizens. 
useless shut up & do OUR WORK that needs to get DONE MORE TIME WORKING LESS TIME on EGO
AG Gowdy does! #GottaLoveGowdy
First you say it sounds right, then it doesn't. Which is it?
Your opinion is not important to the Folks that support the person elected by over 50 million voters. You are nothing more than a swamper
DHS is important agency; Sessions good man for job. New DOJ head could fire Mueller for his conflicts of interest.
no one gives two $#its what you want! As far as I am concerned you are as bad as any Demorat in congress or WORSE!
Actually Sessions is much better suited for Homeland Security. I think Trump is making a mistake by keeping Sessions as AG
Why don't you do your job passing legislation for American people, and stop threatening POTUS.
We need term limits on you...you are corrupt and a liar...please step down..do it for America. Thank you 
Mr. Graham-Nothing sounds right to you and McCain except Liberal love!
@politico. Senator, Does it make you ask "Why is he trying so hard to appoint someone to AG who won't be recused Russia?"
Agree, he may not be strong enough.
We need General Kelly in very high position, not te, establishment, same ole' same ole'.
Far better he stay at DoJ and work on that reviving slavery project, right, Lindsey?

Bad idea indeed. This needs to be looked at though: https://www.facebook.com/WorldCloudLA/videos/585226298268223/ …
If Sessions moves to DHS he will strictly control border and http://s.one  else will  go after the Deep State as AG. DC will panic
I believe @realDonaldTrump is seriously MENTALLY ILL! Can Congress create a bill to assess each candidates mental health b4 taking office?
Quiet down Nancy. Why don't you go help @SenJohnMcCain work out his wrist problem, or do you need a script for that tennis elbow?
When have you ever had a good idea? NEVER!
You are a liar .! 
Time to go Senator .
We need new blood
Who cares what you feel, we gonna #recall you too, then #TermLimit yer ass & if the constitution won't allow it, we change that, too
Unemployed Jeff Sessions is the only phrase that "sounds right."
That's ok. Calling Graham and McCain senators doesn't seem right either.
Well how about Sessions start locking up all these crooked dems including Clintons and their long line of criminal cronies? #ItsHisJob
Your buddy @SenJohnMcCain  was a bad Idea don't go down his path. Trump can put someone over Mueller so he can't cover up this Coup Attempt.
Someone would be "batshit crazy" to name AG Sessions as head of Homeland Security unless they were #PutinsPuppet and #GoldenShowers real
Well then I guess you should have won the Presidency so you'd have a say....
I don't think you're a republican either.
#SwampLife
#SewerLife
Same can be said about Roger Stone
@politico It doesn't sound as bad as Senator Graham.
Until u change your mind, like when u made Trump your BFF 4 "healthcare".  Your opinion doesn't matter anymore.  Sell out.
Actually it sounds perfect!  Lindsey go back to the gay bar and drink another mojito.
It's a brilliant move by @realDonaldTrump who is 5 steps ahead of the corrupt morons in Congress.
Linley please do the people a favor, retire already.
Senator Lindsey Graham doesn't sound right, doesn't feel right.
Who cares what you think?
@LindseyGrahamSC heres look at u babe, Mooch want to talk to u
Would like to agree, but there's a deadly serious political battle being fought. Hopefully politics is successful & next level not necessary
If you don't like it then it must be a good thing for our country. I'm all for it.
Lindsey Graham & John MCCain are enemies to GOP. They are Democrats & anti Trumpers. Impeach them now
Captain Queeg shifting the deck chairs in order to avoid impeachment
If Sessions gets out of the way...the new AG wouldn't be recused from interfering in the Russian investigation. Does he think we're stupid?
Would u like 2 hear what sounds right-Drumpf & entire regime GONE as well as all Repub yoyos who normalized them & refused 2 protect America
- Launch your special prosecutor bill that says the President can't fire the special prosecutor. That's the best idea.
Hell you disagree means it probably is the right thing
Well instead of taking care of something this serious, please continue to work to take healthcare from millions!
What doesn't sound right or feel right is you as. Senator! You should Resign ASAP!
Jim Crow doesn't sound right either; however that's Jeff Sessions mission and sadly this is why the classless GOP supports him and Trump sad
Talk is cheap! Do something!
Like your vote for the skinny repeal?  Oh wait
Scarmucci will be our new Attorney General! Watch out Senator!
Old grudges go. The change is expected Next Week.
Senator The President wants to thwart Mueller's investigation. So he plans to move Jeff Sessions to Gen. Kelly's old job. He does not let
Hey everyone @LindseyGrahamSC and Hillary Clinton are still not your President.   Hahahahaha
It is none of your business you are not President thank God.  #SeparationOfPower
This trial balloon is still all about obstructing Russia investigation and getting to Mueller. Stand strong on this vital issue.
"Senator  Lindsey Graham" never sounded right to me. "John McCain's man-servant" makes more sense.
Have you ever had a good idea?
Why don't you investigate this http://ussanews.com/News1/2017/07/29/breaking-wikileaks-just-dropped-a-bombshell-on-mueller-this-could-be-the-end-of-it/ …
We don't need a Girl Scout leader running DHS
Well your not making that decision!!
distract w/ removal of Sessions from the Justice Dept to appoint someone who has not recused  himself to fire #Mueller stinks from the head
Senator Lindsey Graham doesn't sound right either, yet here we are.
Neither did Senator Sessions, Judge Sessions, or AG Sessions. Mister works just fine. He's a racist liar and unfit for ANY public office.
You have been deceived by your party LG.
But you'll vote for who ever Trump wants.
And what about Kobach? He'll go after LEGAL immigrants' rights.
@LindseyGrahamSC Please don't let this happen. 
Why would you think the President is interested in your opinion??
If u hate it we love it 
Mueller needs to go. Rosenstein needs to go. In fact, most of Congress needs to go. Not Russia, Seth Rich, DNC found out, got killed.
...twirling his rosary beads while fanning herself with her geisha girl hand fan....
To the GOP, the DHS is all about harassing brown people.  Sessions is ideal for the badge you wear.  Are you turning liberal, Graham?
the Goverment as a whole hasn't been right since Jan. 20. Wonder why???
And Attorney General Jeff Sessions sounds so much better?
Lindsey Graham will bow to Trump as always.
Sounds perfect. "Senator' Lindsey Graham doesn't sound right, doesn't feel right. 
You're done, weasel 
They're just gonna use @jeffsessions as the 60 lb bag they throw over the wall to kill illegal drug mules.
after your health care hypocrisy was on display this past week, you still have the guts to pontificate about feel right or not
STOP OBSTRUCTING POTUS OR WE REPUBLICANS WILL FUND YOUR BEING VOTED OUT NO MATTER THE COST.  GET MCCAIN IN LINE TOO
You are nothing but a never Trumper hurt from the election.  You and your RINO buddy McCain need to get voted out.
Why ?????? AG Sessions for DHS Secretary sounds as a wonderful replacement for John Kelly.
President Trump doesn't sound right, but here we are. Put that bigot in charge of DHS and the streets will be filled with protestors
If it acts like a duck and sounds like a duck , guess what it's Donald Trump
NOT ACCEPTABLE! When will @SenateGOP @HouseGOP put oath to Constitution, democracy, country, Americans BEFORE party, treasonous @POTUS?
If Sessions is so tough on crime where are the investigations into corruption, leaking, and criminal, Wasserman Schultz and her "aides"?
That never happened
Doesn't Sessions already have a job?Dang I don't turn on the tv for 1 day and...
How long before Trump firws Rosenstein? I say soon, before they can dig too far into finances.
You do realize that this is an effort to replace him to fire the special counsel. Do your job. Protect this country
All so he can hire a "non-recused" ATTY General & Muller..  #TheResistance
Please get serious about immigration reform. We need closure
Do your job and don't worry about the WH
@LindseyGrahamSC Will you or one of your friends please explain the basics of civil and governance to @POTUS?
@KrisKobach1787?? lol  #onlytheBestpeople
Yeah, up until the time it happens.......then you won't have a problem with it.......JUST LIKE EVERYTHING ELSE HE DOES
Hope you put action to your words and do everything you can to stop this nonsense.
The slimehead, orange roughy, is known to have a big mouth... huh? I'm talking about the fish, what did you think I was talking about?
@LindseyGrahamSC-you lost all credibility with that bogus HC presser. Words need to match your deeds. It's called integrity-you have ZERO
We need to end this political version or "Red Dawn" . Question. Doesn't it concern you that Trump has all but admitted he wants to be King ?
The country will be holding you to these words. This is getting REAL and it's getting there quickly. We NEED leaders to turn this around now
I suspect Trump's reaction to this tweet is "Graham is weak."  That's my reaction.  It sounds like you're picking a color for the hallway.
Well Kobach isn't right for any government position unless you share his desire to suppress minority voters.
Honestly, nothing outside of Grand Dragon Jeff Sessions really sounds right.
But I'm sure you will confirm him anyway you weak knee'd lackey. You like to talk tough, then vote yes to destroy the ACA.
I have agreed with you more this year than I ever have. I think this is a clear sign something is wrong and we need a bipartisan approach
Gary Tennis from PA would be an amazing pick. Attorney and was the secretary of the PA department of drug and alcohol. Did a lot of good!!
The people want Sessions as their attorney general.
This was the whole plan, They got together to work around getting Sessions out of being AG, so someone else can fire Mueller.
We agree on something !!! Please get someone with experience.

Neither did AG for someone that colluded with Russia and is an unabashed racist, but you guys put him there anyway. Please...
You are all talk, senator.
wake up republicons the man in the whitehouse is a loser
and you need to impeach him he is ruining our country
The ACA saves American lives.  Tax cuts for the wealthy don't.
You know what doesn't feel right ? Not repealing Obamacare and you attacking OUR PRESIDENT!!!!
Americans need the protections included in the ACA. Repair and strengthen it.
great idea!
Then it'll be perfect because there's nothing right with this stupid administration.They`re all insane liars!They`re all sick!
You are a good man, but I why wouldn't you stand  with your good friend, John when he put American's first! He stood alone! He is a hero!
You are acting like a liberal.  Support our President or get replaced in the next election.
: You are NOT the President of the United State of American, then You never know wrong or right.
Says the guy who got 1% in primaries. LOL
Put Americans over party. 75% of Americans including 51% of republicans want congress to reach across aisle & fix ACA
You know what feels right Lyin Lindsey? You, unemployed...#MAGAMOFOS
and you @POTUS #supporters #injail has a nice ring too! #unAmericansenators #RepealObamacare for 7 years. Worst GOP congress in many years!
@LindseyGrahamSC Neither does President Donald Trump.
So, Trump is planning on moving sessions to DHS so he can get someone to stop the Russian investigation?
Yup. Sounds awful! & you know why he's throwing this out there,  I expect full bipartisan support throwing his ass out of White House!!!
I am sick and tired of you being so NEGATIVE and standing in the way of #MAGA. JERK!
It will be Kobach.
Our faith in your judgement is long gone, dude.
I love that thought. Then we can fire Mueller who is a political hack at this point.
Yep. That's exactly what T*** will do tho
Nope, but then you have no courage of your stated convictions and you fold like a cheap envelope for your party so he cannot count on you.
You reject it because he is perfect for the job and you want Trump to fail. Why are you, McCain, Murkowski and Collins in Republican Party?
Don't confirm in that case.
Sounds like fair warning to me.
You neocon globalist traitors would be rebuked by our founding fathers. How much cash you get from Soros, Miss Lindsay?
Neither does AG Sessions!!!
This is the move of a VERY GUILTY man trying to protect himself from the inevitable. NEVER should have won.
@politico Sen G, maybe when you're president you can do it your way. How about AG going after Clinton/Russian BS?
But you will let Trump get away with it. You talk a good game but no follow thru. It's not about Sessions, it's a way to get rid of Mueller
But will Sen Graham do anything? Seems like everyone is all talk.
You remind me of President Snow from The Hunger Games
You're missing the point. This is an OBVIOUS move to control DOJ & obstruct Mueller's investigation. Do something!
Inmate Jeff Session sounds right.
You & your House colleagues have the power to stop all of this. It ought to be clear by now that it's time to begin impeachment proceedings.
Trump wants to get rids of Sessions to get rid of Mueller. Kobach is a nightmare.
Really bad idea. Maybe it's time to demand 45's taxes. GOP needs to grow a pair.
What is it going to take for the Republicans of the US to see the POTUS is going to have us in WWIII before he's removed
But you guys will approve whomever he picks for any position, just like you have up to this point. Reagan died a second death Jan 2017.
please just go away - and take your progressive spoiler BFF McLame w/ u.
So, here's a question. Does the so-called #president understand things are happening out in the open? Seems to think his actions are secret!
Please move to protect our Special Counsel. Justice and the rule of law must not be circumvented.
OMG:  I just agreed w/ and liked a @LindseyGrahamSC tweet.
Will you really stand up against Trump? Because you're letting us down on healthcare. You should have voted with hero McCain!
