this election has no historical  pattern. Grow a pair and let him lead us to prosperity.
so you're ok with sacrificing jobs, cancer research, the environment and aid to the vulnerable for a few shiny jets, huh
Conversations with you jackass leftists is impossible. You automatically assume extremes. Sit in a corner and STFU.
... That's what the Trump budget does man. You seen it?
meals on wheels, HUD, NEA, EPA, NIH (cancer research) ... all the things I said, cut in Trump's budget. So it's not hyperbole
All failing programs. Cut them all.
. @AmericanAsPie ... thought so.
Is that polite southern speak for "wow that budget's a real stinker"?
You will give in to Trump the whole GOP does but John McCain
eh, McCain talks a good game but doesn't really act against Trump in any real way. Voted for all his noms
he does more than LG- if Trump had never insulted him he'd still be up his ass
well this one is EXTRA bad, for PEOPLE! Please stand up 2 this dangerous no nothing child who crazily became POTUS! #helpus
are you trying to offer us hope?  The budget is a disaster for everyone but the rich and people who really love war.
historically, Presidents are not unrepenting liars.
thinking about moving to South Carolina. You have to change the way you're treating POTUS Respect!
Hxly you've never had a real budget leader. @LindseyGrahamSC  U will be voted out for being a closet Clinton boy. @SCGOP
I almost liked you- then u had to open ur mouth about SupCt pick- R u high? U don't let traitor crooks appoint lifers
Hope do because this one needs to be changed
Trumps #GrinchBudget cuts something that makes America great, AmeriCorps.
what happened to our government that comes together and helps ALL the people... not just the rich??!!
The govt. pays for schools, roads, bridges, our men in uniform, Meals-on-Wheels, Planned Parenthood...should I go on???
Didn't seem to be a problem under #Obama 
Especially when they want to destroy the planet, gut the arts, & take Big Bird away from preschoolers. We'll be watching.
please do not let this potus continue with his embarrassing antics!! Someone has to call him on all his lies! Be The Hero!
well I hope this one doesn't either. Yourconsituents would really be hurt. It affects all republicans chances in 2018/2020.
Say NO to house bill 610! Step up save our education!!!!
That is why the country is in massive debt. #Obama gave 50%+ increases across the board; cutting them is the right thing
All these liberals responding- love you. Meal-on-wheels is being given back to the states.  Only Dems wouldn't understand
Please don't vote for that healthcare bill! It's just wrong. Rich people do not need a tax break! Just do the right thing!!
How can you let them say or do whatever they want? Even my 7 years old nephew is more responsible than that.
the MAJORITY of people truly hate where our country is going and what it now represents!! Please do something!!!
has our country now lost all of its high moral principles!! WHAT IS GOING ON!! What happened to us... so so sad!!
please stay strong and get to the bottom of all that seems to be going all so wrong!!
but they do show us the character and integrity of the one proposing the budget.
When I agree with Sen. Graham a) I should buy a lottery ticket and b) reminds me he still can put country AND people first!
you seem to be representing the Dems instead of the Republicans. Remember SC voted for @realDonaldTrump & you represent us.
He's supporting what's RIGHT! People matter not parties ? Are u blind 2 the sociopath in WH?
please be a voice of reason for the party.  We the country are being ripped apart and feeling like kids of abusive parents.
well said!!!!
Your job is to protect people of this country. Do not let @POTUS put our lives in danger. Do the right thing now!
And isn't that a good thing this year???
That is reassuring. I hope. #TrumpBudgetCuts
Thank God!
This budget is horrific. We do not want a ridiculous wall. We don't want our elderly starving. We like Big Bird. #impeach45
Respectfully, though, this one is a disaster, and I suspect you know that.
Yes, no arts, no programs for the poor but tweets To N Korea and a ton more weapons. He is endangering our lives!!
you and McCain are voices of reason in this sea of crazy America is in right now! Thank you! --and I'm a democrat!
What are your thoughts on after school programs that feed & educated children? Hope you have a better answer than Mulvaney
although if I'm being honest, I have never voted for you anyway 
they damn well better not. I sure as hell will not be voting for you next time around if this garbage passes.
We are watching closely. This budget is downright dangerous.
"Art is a nation's most precious heritage." - Pres. Johnson. Slashing the NEA & NEH is irresponsible and dangerous.
WE are in a $20 Trillion debt because of Congress. The POTUS can't spend money without Congressional approval.
let's keep it that way this year
As a med researcher, I hope so.  Plz do what is right Also, if you see @SenToomey-tell him Pgh misses him. @TuesdaysToomey
Good; I hope you do more than speak against it. We all have voices, but your Senate vote is a privilege few of us have.
don't let him do it.
I surel hope this one doesn't putting the stupid wall ahead of programs that affect people's lives is disgraceful
is it possible,  for you to stop being worthless and actually work to help our Country?
The cuts proposed by Trump are vicious, vengeful, political genocide. Enabling Trump political suicide.
Fight. Can it really be true that your Republican colleagues are afraid of getting called out in a Trump tweet? Grow a pair
in your next job, consider listening to your bosses. In this, your former job, the people hold this position!
historically, Congress's approval rating is extremely low. Get the picture? We don't care about your self importance
I hope this one doesn't; building an unnecessary wall at the expense of poor, diplomacy, etc isn't American
.@SenJohnMcCain  Keep some pennies for outside investigation for RUSSIA!  People build the military up for only one reason.
That's the good news. However.  Trump supporters defy gravity.  Potential for cataclysmic disaster .
I love it, time to trim the pork
not one line.  not one line.  not one line of this ridiculous budget should pass.  If any of you r's want to keep your job.
Especially budgets that suck.
the issue is what this president's reaction is when his budget [hopefully] gets blown up. Hopefully GOP stands tall.
Don't give in! Step up
historically we also generally have s sane President.
best make history proud then.
stop making excuses and take action. It is yr duty. #impeachTrump
maybe they don't fare well in Congress definitely isn't faring well with Americans!
Lindsey is establishment he is not working for the American people..He and Mccain are filth D bags to 3rd degree
this was so cold! So insulting to the average American. Listening to it being laid out made me cry.
This daily digrace of unethical behavior from 45 must stop! Cutting aid to vulnerable citizens is not the fabric of the 
Perhaps that is why we're in deep debt. Pork additions by congress, to protect their jobs, needs a look.
This budget hurts real Americans by gutting necessary services.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Let's hope that remains true this year, sir!! Please support the #NEA and #NEH
while you are budgeting pls kick SKings ass #posSenatorfromIA #plsdisownhim
Good because this one is despicable
this budget does not fare well w/Americans! It's scary & the beginning of the deconstruction of democracy.  #Bannonism
@POTUS This budget is piece of crap. Guts State, HUD (mulvaneythinks it's just housing), AND, 4.1 bil for halfassed wall
I pray to God that the pattern holds. I'm specifically worried about NOAA.
You're so friggin wimpy coming out with a history tweet. Damnit! Grow a pair. Don is POTUS. Screw monstrosity's history!
please make sure that it does not succeed. It is cruel and would set the country back. #trumpbudget
This budget proposal is ridiculously stupid...Must not slash programs for the low income & seniors on the basis of defense
that's good because trumps budget is a slap in the face to us.
There u go again
This sets a whole new bar, or rather, lowers it. Meals on Wheels? Seriously? What say you to that? Think it's a good thing?
well that's good bc that budget is BS
Thank God,  because this is the most uncompassionate budget I have ever seen.  Do we really hate the poor and elderly?
lately, neither do congressional budgets
"Historically, presidential budgets do not fare well with Congress." 
What does that even mean? Are you Pro or Con?
and not this one in the least
I can only hope you are right. We NEED the EPA and climate change regulations. We do NOT need a useless wall.
You have been around long enough to know
Please stand up for reason Senator Graham!
we should demand an apology to 44 and make @POTUS provide proof of his lie & make him drink the water from flint mi.
And I hope this is the current case. Cuts for the arts, senior meals, EPA and increases for defense. WRONG PRIORITIES
Go be a Democrat. We are moving forward without you.
do we need to add to the Pentagon budget? I bet flint mi could use some of that money for clean water, 45 forgot about that
Please don't let him get away with this budget. We do not need to be a military state. We already are the world's best.
Cut the pork! Drain the swamp!
Glad to hear it since I despise the outline recently published.
@realDonaldTrump Good, I'd like to keep breathing clean air. And not let all the old people die.
how about presidents. This one seems particularly libelous.
Learn how to do more with less. We've had to for the past 20 years. It's about time you learned.
Good!
whether it passes or not, the fact remains that the man leading our country holds those values. And that's pretty scary.
This money is going to feed the kleptocracy not the needy! #budget
Is Mulvaney unapologetically evil or completely inhuman? My grandmother gets meals on wheels! This is rubbing off on you too!
please vote No on this horrific and mean spirited budget
so your opposing our Republican presidents budget?
this one is particularly nasty to regular working folks. #notafan #TrumpLies
Time to shut the purse!
Full repeal of Obamacare as promised!!!
Good to know, especially with this one.
Lowering expectations for this disastrous looking budget, are you?
please save the very necessary programs like free school breakfasts and lunches and Meals on Wheels. Disgraceful budget
you don't fare well with anyone!!!
Trump inherited this $20 trillion debt.  He didn't create it.  That would be Obama for the most part.  Blame him.
this budget strips the poor and elderly of food programs so they dont starve - in exchange for bigger military. NORTH KOREA
oh please , why do you defend him at all.
Cutting UN & State Dept funds incl. aid lessens US influence. No amount of DoD increase, wall & travel ban will protect US.
but this one will.  Your gonna fall in line for once....with the right that is...
The lack of Christian ethics in this "Christian" country is amazing! Sheer hypocrisy.
this one is a hot mess
As one of your constituents, please vote NO on this budget! Scientific research keeps this country healthy and safe!
Gutting the EPA is NOT acceptable. Completely not acceptable.  Gut DoD spending instead.  How many nukes do we really need?
I'm sure this one has more cuts to soft power and the state dept. than you would like. Not enough spent on defense either.
Thank you for being the adult in the room.
Just remember: we ARE watching and so far you are 0 for doing what your constituents want. Time to get in gear.
y'all better hope so.  Americans are pissed off
This should get NO consideration. Lack of health, heat, food, arts destroys America.
do your job and get the Russian traitor out of the White House and into Leavenworth
...Missles or Meals for Seniors? What in the world kind of trading is that???
thank goodness
shame on republicans for increasing
we know not much does do well in congress been that way a while now
.@LindseyGrahamSC We are holding Reps to historical precedence with respect to this abysmal DT proposed budget.
it better not.  For once do what is right, take care of people!!  He is a monster
as most of the others are pleading, please don’t let this destroy the soul of our country
I need help! @SunTrust and their lack of compliance has made me loose my job
pls save NASA senator
If you all want to help the middle class, you can pay military more AND keep EPA.
we will disagree on many policy issues but I feel you're holding my hand on the seashore! Thank you Senator Graham.
Yes Congress could rewrite. But current Repub Congress, all this "winning", with a LiarInChief, America is screwed.
that's because of all of your special interest BS! $20 t in debt proves you guys don't get it! #draintheswamp
do you believe spending  $$ on climate change to be a waste of money?
- better not or you will be out of a job. Now is the time to do your job! U work for the American people! Remember that!
Then vote against it. We're counting on it.
stand for what's right.
Counting on saner minds on the Hill to make sure that is the case this time.
thank Heaven
anyone who votes for this exposes themselves as a complete sociopath.  This budget is EVIL.
please, Senator Graham, save us from this man with your voice of reason. I know it's there (cough* cough*) Russia
what r u guys waiting for? He's taking down Ryan, who will be next?
Senator Graham,  please don't allow Trump to cut the programs that will hurt all Americans.  Please
.@LindseyGrahamSC That would be a very good thing in the case of this particular budget.
As a civilized society, shouldn't we protect the most vulnerable Americans?!?! Medicaid is essential in doing so!
Trump's better be the quickest to be shot down in history. It's ludicrous.
Why do we have keep doing things that we historically have done? DC still controlled by powerful lobbyists. Stop it!
@SenJohnMcCain @jaketapper  Can we put POTUS on a budget? Taxpayers can't afford FL, Trump Towers, rallies every 2 weeks!
Good luck come reelection time RINO.
Unjust, indefensible,  and despicable cuts like this should be no different.  Arts, State, the Elderly...simply awful.
Guess trump wants to build a wall around US because he's turning it into a giant cemetery with cuts to the health programs.
get the excuses in on the first tee, eh...
Senator, thanks for standing up re Trump/Russia. Know that most Americans want clean air/water & arts/humanities. No wall
you ALL should be ASHAMED.... but that requires a conscience!! PATHETIC!!
True, but we are in uncharted waters here.  I don't count on "historically" or "usually" anymore.
Perhaps you should all do what you were elected to do , work together for the people.
hope not. Frightening.
.@LindseyGrahamSC make sure your vote backs it up.
this president just doesn't fare well. Let's say fair well to him.
starve the elderly poor?? Congress cannot be foolish enough to allow this
this budget is horrible. Please tell me DJT will be removed soon. He is destroying our country
Let's hope this one flops for sure.
congress is a mess!
Surely you can convince the $ man from the great state of SC that it's heartless to take food from kids and shut-ins.
@aaronuscwin @LindseyGrahamSC honey I'm in sc old Mick is not gonna help anyone but self .he was my rep...smh...
I'm in SC..i was not too pleased with your comments on states n Medicaid...if you gonna drop %fed funds. Legalize mmj n sc
lucky for us!
