THANK YOU ( and @SenJohnMcCain @marcorubio ) from the bottom of my heart for ALL you do and for being everything we stand for as a country.
Lindsey Graham, more list sleazy Graham, trying to ACT,yes ACT,presidential,. how about supporting your President!! that will be different!
Good call!   Our president's integrity, credibility, trustworthiness, good will, and basic decency are all, so tragically, nonexistent.
YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO YOUR PRESIDENT AND TO YOUR http://PARTY.YOU  HAVE NO RESPECT FOR NOTHING .SHAME ON YOU .
Stop being a flip flopper. Gives me whip lash.
WHAT? WHAT THE HELL DO YOU DO? AG HAVE TO INVESTIGATE THE FOUNDATION, MAYBE YOU ARE IN THE LIST, YOU WANT TO PROTEST TOO? DISTRACTION,
Sessions strikes me as White Supremacist himself.
Trump would not be happy with honest investigation unless victims of white supremacists were found guilty- in lieu of his NAZI criminals.
Yea.. that won't happen
Swampy, You're late, POTUS has met w/ AG Session & FBI Director to investigate domestic terrorism. You were grandstanding on CNN.
Passing the buck is a lazy man's trait. Try doing something about domestic terrorism yourself. Where you are! Invite the Senate too!
Thank you Senator Graham! #Integrity
Agree. He should also investigate antifa. But you dont have the spine to stand up to them. Bc your darling msm regards them as heroes. Puke
What about the Charlottesville Mayer who has made racist comments and the police who were told to stand down? Manufactured violence?
He only makes a spectacle of criminals when the perpetrators are Hispanic, Muslim, or African American.
How is 1 POS Nazi considered Domestic Terrorism and a dozen ANTIFA & BLM attacks NOT?? They are the very definition of terrorism.
You and the rest of the GOP should be ashamed of yourselves. You have no room to talk and should just get to work. This is not helping
You are a prime example of why there should be term limits for Congresspeople!!!  You need to condemn those who were violent first!!
Will Sessions choose a confederate or Nazi flag?
There ya go ... Call for more pointless spending of the taxpayer's dollar! Can't wait to see you unseated, by a REAL Republican!
Interesting call.  What happens #AfterTheTalkingPoint?
Nobody trusts you. You are a traitor with your own liberal agenda! You're the sewer that feeds the swamp!
Many do recall AG Sessions's PAST use of racial slurs ( & KKK "joke"), for which he of course, apologized & disavowed) so they are afraid.
You are a southerner, what was the at your dinner table growing up!
You should take Trumps place. I know you are Still a REPUBLICAN but at least your sane! Get him out of the OVAL!
Jeff Sessions is perhaps the worst choice for that. Near certain way to make sure no domestic terrorists are considered to exist.

awful wwe have to deal with this with everything else going on,
Sickening. This is the most immoral, corrupt @GOP in our history and they're keeping us anchored to this admin. We won't forget though
Yes, i hope all squash GOP get defeated by Trumpian GOP. #MAGA
So he wants to send one of the worst racist to "investigate" #Charlottesville yeah right no problem there
Lot of people quick to call everyone a racist! Do you listen to yourselves? We know who the racists are, you would too if you paid attention
I don't want him anywhere near it...
Revoke 44's salary for starting all of this hate rhetoric!
Ummm. No. He has bigger fish to fry with the Clintons, et al.
What about the Antifa and BLM thugs?  Apparently, you condone their violence?  You really are a nobody RINO!
Not until they go after BLM, ANTIFA,  and other liberal hate groups,  it was these groups that started the violence
You all need to have hearings on this and add them to the Terrorist list
GOP leaders fear Trumps aggressive BULLYING against their reelections. Real strategy by Trump.Need a true GOP leader to help these GOP ldrs
Graham and @SenatorSession knows @FBI has #antifa on watch list. No need to go there. Follow $$. Grand jury.
He'll find all the brown people and prosecute them.
Donald Trump's father was arrested at a clan rally in the 1920s. Can you read the writing on the wall yet Mr Graham?? #trailerparkfascists
It's also time for you and the rest of the Real conservatives to get behind this President.
Send a racist to handle racists.  Brilliant.

The fox guarding the henhouse
We don't need Sessions here. We've had about enough with imported racists here in VA.
Let's send the arsonist to go investigate the house fire. Sounds GREAT!
He won't he is a racist and you know it
Please, please push Sessions to do the right thing. We need to remain a nation of laws.
Yeah!
Meanwhile, back in 1999 Trump is honored for a lifetime of helping African American Communities

#WednesdayWisdom …
He should bring down the hammer on black-clad masked criminals commit and incite violence everywhere they go.
Maybe whole they're at it they can collect IP addresses of anyone who visited DailyStormee.
All talk from the GOP. But until Trump, the treasonous racist, is removed from office, talk means nothing. And removal HAS to start with GOP
But @jeffsessions is part of the problem.  Doesn't make sense to me.
Are going to let him ruin our country before you #impeach him? #GOP has enabled him long enough. Yesterday proved he can't listen to reason.
These horrible things will continue as r "president" is one of them. He must be impeached b4 he damages our democracy. GOP has enabled him.
You want Sessions who joked he liked the #kkk until learning they smoke weed to lead the #Charlottesville investigation?!Unfuckingbelievable
 Lindsey you make me tired. Denounce the insane potus-what do you have to lose? @GOP has been destroyed by all of you #Complicit cowards.
Will Sessions, known for his racism and sexism, really handle #Charlottesville correctly? Truly hope so.
Yeah, Jeff Sessions is what they need...
Charlottesville: Race and Terror – VICE News Tonight on HBO
Thank you for your service!
.sending @jeffsessions a bigot & racist 2 Virginia is putting fox in hen house no wonder ur career politician #not2smart
@now_justice @postandcourier Session is Trump's puppet....
Is it appropriate to have Sessions investigate his best friends?
How is sending in the racist cavalry supposed to help?
These white supremacists openly say they want to overthrow our govt. That's treason. Sessions needs to focus on them & not anti Trumpers!
He'll get right on that after jailing more minorities for non-violent crimes, curbing voting rights....
And using DOJ resources to force companies to turn over information on the critics of the president.
send the racist to take care of this!  you guys are brilliant!  SMFH

I agree,you just left out 2 that needs to be added to that list for terrorism Antifa & Black lives matter. Antifa attacked Rally. Ask ACLU
There are going to be 9 more white supremacist rallies this coming weekend. That has the potential of Charlottesville time NINE.
Are you kidding?! What possible good would come from an oldschool racist like Sessions running this investigation? That is a terrible idea.
I'd rather have someone better; someone that actually cared about #racism in America handling this.
He'll just blame it on the left. No one has confidence in him.
What will you do to close this chapter of hate under Trump regime? What WILL you do? #impeachTrump
yeah maybe sessions can go arrest some of those vicious alt left..
I call Congress to remove Trump from our government now, before there's another civil war. Now, not later.
Take a god damn stand for love of God! 
Trump is destroying the great institutions & values under which this democracy is build upon!

The AG has the entire DOJ to act in our national interest. He needs to the public face of investigation not the lead prosecutor.
Excuse me but should you not be talking Impeachment...Make HR438 a Joint resolution then...@realDonaldTrump @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP
Trump  only brings the hammer down on himself with his big mouth & stupid tweets.  Can't manage his way out of a paper bag. Buyer's remorse?
???????
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Isn't sending Sessions, who was deemed too racist to become a federal judge by his own party, like letting the fox into the henhouse?
Do something more than hoping!
Its all over the country, Lindsey!!! KKK, BLM, ANTIFACISTS FACISTS. SOME OF I JUST CANT STOP PANDERING 2 1 GROUP OR OTHER. U R WEAK
Put on you White Hat Senator it may be up to you and McCain to get Congress to act to remove DT and his crew.
Senator Graham, you stated that "Many Republicans will fight back". When? How? Platitudes ring false at this point. Please help save nation.
So tired of the empty words coming from our legislative branch...especially our senators.
Mr Graham, I encourage you to start impeachment proceedings of the blatantly unfit US President. Your inaction is destroying our Nation.
Way to go!!!! Love that you will stand up and be vocal against this guy @realDonaldTrump
You want to send Sessions, a man too racist for Reagan, to deal with white supremacists? We know what side you truly stand with Graham.
But Evil Keebler Elf says he isn't in a hurry. @LindseyGrahamSC DO SOMETHING.  Don't just wring your damn hands.
Time for Trump to go!
Not enough. Save our country! #Impeach45

@SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr @LindseyGrahamSC Remove Trump's immigration policies if you're truly against racism ##DemForce
Graham should go to the moon and handle the no oxygen situation there

send a cat to kill a mouse not the mouses father! U really think KKK Sessions will do anything meaningful?
U & rest of GOP need 2 recognize & deal w incompetent dangerous http://pres.NOW 
Oh yeah, send in Jeff Sessions. Type his name into Wikipedia and then let me know if he still seems like the best guy for that job.
Aren't those people Sessions' buddies? How about another special prosecutor AND reinstate the funding for anti Nazi commissions. Racism=
@SenJohnMcCain get JEFF TO STOP LOOKING AT THIS LIST HE IS BEEN PIT ON BY COMRADE TRUMP
NO moral authority
What will YOU be doing? We're long past just words.
L Graham should keep his nose out of AG business & concentrate on putting one foot in front of the other, which is about all he can handle.
He's carried @POTUS water these past months. ZERO surprise he, AG and Trump share white supremacist views. Fox to watch the henhouse.
Sessions is a racist too.
you say send the man who Corretta Scott King wrote a letter ab to handle a KKK investigation?Wonder who's gonna win.Say bye to your job.
Isn't there someone else they can send??
You just asked a racist to go to Virginia to convict racists. How do you think that's gonna work out?
Please call on your colleagues in the House to start impeachment now #ImpeachTrump
Yes let's focus highest levels of Government on the tiny lunatic fringe!
I support that 100%. Lock up the white supremacists causing violence, lock up Antifa and also lock up any racist BLM hate mongers.
If you watched the President's vile performance on Tuesday, you know the AG investigation is no longer even relevant. Speak up!
OBAMA Gave a dinner at white house for Black Lives Matter to honor them the gang who rapes kills steals, did you CRITICIZE OBAMA ???
graham UNIT WE STAND DIVIDE WE FALL, by criticizing your president you  r causing our country to DIVIDE AS OBAMA DID SAME
Yeah. That will help. Send the racist.
This is an absurd statement you make. Like I'm laughing really hard right now. This must be a joke!!
Yes, they are White Supremacist Terrorists! @potus Trump won't call them by name! Sen. Graham, they are a proven American Terrorist Group!
@KatSteele2 @postandcourier I'm sure help get a #WarmWelcome #JustSaying #RACIST has no place in our America
Yeah, right...lol! That's like sending the rooster into the hen house. Get real!
Too late old man. THIS IS ALL YOURS! OWN IT AND TURN TO THE OVAL AND CONDEMN THE NAZI @realDonaldTrump. Otherwise SHUT UP!
#Senator..don't be afraid to address the anti trump media..that seems to want to make things worst by giving half truth's..it's not good..
President Trump is a racist!  He showed his evil true colors once again!  IMPEACH NOW!
The time has passed for statements or photo ops. We know what 45 thinks & of the racists in the WH. Question is: what r u doing about it
 go tend to the .
America seems to be in the throws of something akin to the fall of the Roman Empire!
Republicans have abandoned their people!
Why so he can check on his cousins and friends
come down on your boss -soros- hell is hot- it was all his antifa, blm groups- i hope you9o enoy satan, i know he will love you traitor
Dude YOU have respect from all sides in this country please please don't blow on political bullshit! YOU & John are better than that
How in the world can anyone with any character stand by and watch this lose cannon continue in the office of president??
Seriously bro,Sessions take the handle of racism?!? Sessions ?!?! Cmon GMoney shit is about to blow & you want Sessions @ the wheel
This president is tearing our beautiful country apart!! Is there no one with a soul that can stand up to this bigot?? PLEASE DO SOMETHING!
@LindseyGrahamSC really? Jeff Beauregard Sessions?  That's really your solution?
Please work with your colleagues to immediately remove and replace 45. Thank you.
Ya good idea, send Sessions to investigate violent racism.
Not after what we witnessed today. Are there any self respecting republicans willing to stand up, is this man worth to give up self respect
Comparing Jefferson and Washington to Robert E. Lee, a traitor to the United States government. J and W did not attack flag or Constitution
Great idea; otherwise, Liberal majority there will hide the truth!!!
Sessions,with his history, should not be involved in a case involving race. Your friend Jeff should not have received senatorial approval
Yes, why is he in NYC and not in Charlottesville? Probably bc he knows his message won't go over well there. Not a very good leader
Coward
That'll help.  He'll end up indicting #HeatherHeyer.
can you pleace shut up
We need the GOP to stand up to DT!!  Disavow this president!!!
Start looking to IMPEACH or you are all going down with the ship
So, it's true? The GOP is the party of RUSSIA? What is wrong with you people?
How much longer are you going to let trump ruin the Republican party as to be identified with supremacists?
you are full of it
Vp Pence should take immediate control of executive branch
Denounce @realDonaldTrump
Why would u ask Sessions 2 do that? He is part of the problem. Remember he thinks whites are discriminated against which is ridiculous.
NO! NO! NO!  SESSIONS IS THE LAST PERSON ON EARTH THAT SHOULD BE INVOLVED.  

p.s. #Impeach or #InvokeThe25TH !
I'm am now totally convinced this president is unfit to carry out his oath of office. 25th amendment needs to be implemented asap.
That's clearly not going to happen. What are you going to do?
But I thought you said the Pres did such a nice job yesterday?
He was probably there! He may as well be a white supremacist
Graham is part the problem...
Good plan since he's known most of them since he could fit in a twin sheet
Good idea send one racist to investigate other racists Schmuck!!!
Let's call for Trumps impeachment
About time!!
Inadequate! #ImpeachTrump #SpinelessGOP
What is sending a known bigot and whose only issue w kkk that they smoked pot going to help this situation? Gtfoh
Inappropriate??? Your reactions to his behavior are inappropriate!!
you Republicans need to take steps to take this man child OUT of office!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We are sick to death of him
He's not listening Senator.
I commend you. Now pls back this up. History is watching. It will obliterate Trumpism and all who stood by. You have the power to stop him.
You've got to be kidding?
Thank you Lindsey. Keep it up.
