Lostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostloslost
And you bill would have put insurance out of reach. Are you insane with these comments?
Except for the 21 million it would become more distant, dummy. #talkingpoints
Judas Iscariot
Hey Senator...can I borrow the $100,000 that healthcare will cost me in 1st year cuz of my pre-existing cond after your bill passes? Thx!

You mean you need to bring healthcare closer to tax cuts for your rich donors. Such a phony pitch. Give it up.
Acaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaaca
Shameshameshameshameshameshameshameshameshameshameshameshameshameshamshameshameshameshameshameshameshameshameshameshameshameshame
The govt is only concerned with health insurance.  Not health care.
Time to drop insurance.  Put that money into universal health care.
Just not every one right?  Because fuck them. Veterans included. Love the fetus and people with a lot of money? Thats about it.
Apparently you missed that point.  Fix don't repeal ACA.
You say words but I don't think you really know what they mean.
dear bill . you , without a doubt , are the swamp .
Thank you for your efforts.  Many appreciate it.
bgt
 #HealthCareDebate

Why us and not them!? 
I doubt a state official will care more about me than a federal official. Also, I live in Illinois. Illinois is awful with money.
Health insurance does not equal quality healthcare.
...with single payer! Get with the program.
We need for you to sit the fuck down
What is wrong with our cowardly = establishment controlled congress? Establishment's hand to far up congress asses with cash contributions?

Cruelcruelcruelcruelcruelcruelcruelcrulecruelcruelcruelcruelcruelcruelcruelcruelcruelcruelcruelcruelcruelcruelcruelcruelcrue
Sen Cassidy do you really think states will all do the right thing by the sick or do what’s politically in their best interests?
Youknowypuknowypuknowypuknowypuknowyouknowyouknowyouknowyouknowyouknowyouknowyouknowyouknowyouknwyouknowyouknowyouknowyouknowyouknow
somebody check this chesters home pc for pic messages back and forth to anthony weiner
Dumb argument. Try learning about Canada.
Weresafeweresafeweresafeweresafeweresafeweresafeweresafwweresafwweresafeweresafeweresafeweresafeweresafeweresafeweresafeweresafeweresafe
Kochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkochkoch
Liarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarlialiarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliar
#TuesdayThoughts 
By making it more and more corporate??
You're assuming the patient can afford health insurance and/or can afford to pay high deductibles. What about patients with pre-existing 1/2
conditions? Are you going to put them in insurance plans where their deductibles are sky-high or simply deny them health insurance? 2/2
Don’t you mean closer to their pockets?? What kind of kick back are you getting from this? “I want the same insurance you have!” That I pay!
This says nothing and sounds stupid! But then....
Your proposal does not serve patients well.
You need to stop lying that #GrahamCassidy helps people. It hurts #Republicans, Dems, #Military so u can make ur Koch . #MAGA?
#DumpGrahamCassidy
If that were true, you would be supporting the ACA. Your bill takes healthcare AWAY from the patient.
@LindseyGrahamSC -how about you listening closer to the majority of American who want fox to Ocare not ur lies about ur plan?
I agree with you WE HAVE A PAYER CRISIS NOT A HEALTH CARE CRISIS WE NEED TO GET GUMMENT OUT  I have tweaked it since, its a good foundation,
We need to #TakeProfitOutOfHealthcare THAT is the answer @sensanders #HealthCareDebate
The real enemy here is the insurance industry which Obama propped up with trillions of promised $$$.

Complete repeal is needed. Start over.
The passing of O'Care put Gov in the Insurance business. This is the problem. Gov shld NOT be paying prems. Money shld B for med procedures.
One simple question, Senator. Why do you want me to die? Because that is precisely what your plan will do.
That's hard to do when millions will lose insurance coverage bc of your plan
#drumpfdolt
1/ My mom was Medicare eligible but worked to provide insurance for my dad who retired after 36 years for his state.
2/ My daddy had a series of catastrophic events that left him in the CVICU on a vent for 26 days. On day 25, we withdrew care.
3/ On day 26, he died. Just two months after my closest cousin committed suicide. She was bipolar. After these and several other deaths...
4/ I've struggled with depression and anxiety.  PTSD from the repeated exposure to tragedy.
5/. My mother went back to work after taking FMLA to be with my daddy. On the day she returned...
6/ Her for-profit hospital employer LAID HER OFF!  Thank the stars she had Medicare. Is THAT close enough to the patient for you?
7/ Your argument that the people elect state reps is absurd.  We elect you too!  (END)
So stop your hypocrisy  by taking insurance sway
until we have Medicare for All, let's stick with ACA, because your garbage bill sure doesn't accomplish that.
Yes but not your plan. It will KILL millions of Americans.
You said "We need to bring health care closer to the patient". What kind of Orwellian doublespeak is that? Your bill brings illness & death.
Cut maternity, women's hc, aborrion, birth control so is gop opposed to americans having sex or is that just for the rich now?
Stop having children? Cut birth control you increase abortion. Medicaid cuts hurt seniors, vets, disabled children. U are anti family
Picks & you use in network providers like it or not. Your plan lets states cut essential benefits example maternity, so gop wants people to
Such a bs statement! ACA provides MORE choices than medicaid, some areas medicare. Employer coverage? You take what company
And closer to emptying their wallets and their savings and their hard earned  cash.....  thank god your bill is DOA  #worstofall
Scale back Medicaid expansion under ACA. We can't afford it
Sure by letting insurance companies cut off service for those who paid for it, once they actually need to use it.
You need to bring a quality barber closer to your head.
Idiot! Patients are sick. They can do nothing when sick ergo need for comprehensive healthcare for all. @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC

Which starts by making it affordable for all patients, even those with pre-existing conditions.
Best I can tell Medicare 'fraud' is almost always perpetrated by for-profit institutions & a few unscrupulous providers. Punishing patients
for that is a grave injustice. I suggest increased funding for investigating and prosecuting fraud. Would also help to go after the areas
where the real fraud occurs. Since the Clinton years, the home health industry has been decimated by draconian cuts while there was very
little intentional fraud there. Additionally, it is one of the most effective ways to keep patients out of the hospital & save health care
dollars. The problem is they don't have the kind of $$ hospitals have to pay for high-powered lobbyists & bribes to lawmakers. Therefore,
lawmakers & bureaucrats have looked the other way while they robbed us blind & starved the providers of care that actually save us money.
In fact, the Medicare fraud perpetrated by Rick Scott's company, HCA, was going on while the federal government was decimating home health.
The fraud actually started under Thomas Frist, Jr (previous CEO) who was the father of Bill Frist, Republican Senate Leader at the time.
YOU NEED TO STOP TRYING TO MAKE A NAME 4 URSELF BY JEOPARDIZING PATIENTS HEALTH BY GIVING STATES $$ 2 CONTROL WHO LIVES OR DIES!
Protesters With Disabilities Forcibly Removed From Graham-Cassidy Bill  Hearing.  https://www.yahoo.com/lifestyle/protesters-disabilities-forcibly-removed-graham-213458240.html …  #WRONG
Every single one of these organizations doesn't support your #deathcare #HealthCareDebate


You need to answer @BernieSanders direct questions you fraud. #HealthCareDebate
You should be ashamed of yourself. You are screwing the people of Louisiana so you can please big donors. You are exactly what is wrong with
Our great nation! You will most certainly be rewarded in Hell. You should have your medical license revoked for life!
I'm sure the people of Flint, MI will be ever so pleased to hear Rick Snyder will be working to bring them health care. #HealthCareDebate
Why isn't @onetoughnerd in prison? #HealthCareDebate
You need not to take healthcare away for 32 million people
Resign in shame.
We can achieve that by taking healthcare away from millions of Americans. Tell the truth. No safeguards for lifetime maximums etc.
Keep trying, you’re not convincing anyone. What you’re doing is called attempts murder. Stop
As Senator Sanders pointed out tonight, we did it at the state level before.  People like ACA better.  People saying to you: NO THANK YOU!
You say that you'll bring HC closer to the American Citizen. What are you going 2 do about CAPS on costs of Insurance Plans?
Hey Bill what do you REALLY Represent? Why are you authoring a bill that is a JOB KILLER?
Sooooo take away Medicaid from the elderly and disabled, like my daughter???? Ohhh but let's cut them taxes for the rich, RIGHT? #disgusting
The fuck does that mean?
The AMA should strip ur medical license
You want more dead Americans
Why can't we make it good for all citizens?
Was having this person arrested on Capitol Hill, bringing them closer to health care. Did your children see that you did this? Your mother?
Then fix Obamacare
We need to bring you closer to retirement.
mentioned you never ask patients what party they are, yet said working in clinic most of your patients were democrats. Why that assumption?
We need for both parties to work together on Health Care. You seem to have forgotten that key point which is why the Cassidy bill failed.

If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 

JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
Block grants= incr. admin costs: 50 states=50 diff sets of rules and more red tape. Less $ for care. K.I.S.S.  #healthcaredebate
Wrong. 50 states administer now. Block grants have one less set of rules & red tape. Specifically, fed gov.
The federal rules keep 50 different states from harming patients in the name of "fiscal responsibility" or "family values"

Senator Collins opposes Graham-Cassidy health care bills http://bit.ly/2wPKVKP  
Indeed. Vote "NO" On #GrahamCassidy
As a doc this makes no sense, Bill. HC is the same in LA, SC, IL, CA, MA or TX. We need local care, not local admin. #HealthCareDebate
Medicare for all would be great. The healthcare you have is what all Americans want and should have.
My pts are at a far remove from health care when they do not access it d/t lack of finances & coverage.
I've worked in CHCs/CMHCs for 15+y, run a rural practice for 10y, worked in city hospitals for 15+y. DM me for a CV.
My pop'n is not kvetching about a lack of perceived closeness. This isn't a Lululemon focus group.
When ACA passed, my pts could get coverage. *I* could get coverage (pre-existing condition - private practice atm, consultant at hospital.)
I have ~ 300 horror stories of pts who needed imaging, procedures, etc., who couldn't get them. We would spend ++ hrs hustling for care.
(with delay in dx/tx, obv.)
That stopped with ACA + MCD expansion. Can't remember my last fling-on-own-sword moment. It used to be q wk.
I mean yeah sometimes I have to yell at someone about a prior auth. But it's not the massive drain of time it used to be. My time.
Not turfed to RN/CMA. If I'm asking for a donated consult, that needs my social capital.
So... Another 5+h (rly)out of direct pt care.
Every single comment on this thread knows you are a liar &that this bill is that harms too many Americans!Stop lying &stop trying 2harm us
Taking insurance away is not making it closer to the patient. PLZ stop lying!
@LindseyGrahamSC THE GOP HAS RACE-BAITED FOR YEARS. YOU GOT VOTES AGAINST THE BLACK GUY, NOT FOR YOUR POLICY, YOU FOOLS.
@LindseyGrahamSC EVERY WONDER WHY IT IS THAT PPL VOTED FOR R/R, BUT HATE YOUR BILLS? I JUST TOLD YOU. IT WASN'T A POLICY VOTE.
@LindseyGrahamSC SURPRISE! YOU DIDN'T. AND THIS IS WHAT YOU DAMN WELL DESERVE FOR ALL THE RACIST ANTI-OBAMA BULLSHIT. POLICY. FAIL. 
You were a petulant man in this debate spewing lies, circular logic & total bs regarding PP & no coverage for birth control.Ur bill is awful
This is your version of health care, Senator Cassidy. Shame on you!
@LindseyGrahamSC BECAUSE YOUR BASE - AND MANY IN YOUR PARTY - ARE RACIST AF. Y'ALL THOUGHT YOU GOT VOTES BASED ON POLICY.
@LindseyGrahamSC PPL WEREN'T VOTING FOR YOUR R/R POLICY. LOOK AT THE POLLS. EVERYONE HATES IT. THEY WERE VOTING AGAINST THE BLACK PRESIDENT.
You're a damn liar with no credibility and a garbage policy that nobody wants. Have several seats and go the hell away. 
Oh lordy! What DOES closer to the patient mean?  Giving states the opportunity to deny healthcare?    #healthcaredebate
Yep. That is exactly what it means.
BUT won't happen if pt. can't access it! You were allowing ins. co. to charge me upwards of $18,000/yr. because I'm 60y.o. You disappoint.
Block grants and caps also mean you are ready to let people like that girl die. You're counting minutes until she does, aren't you?
So when you're ilk takes over the Governorship here in LA the ins will stink and we will move to better states
#Congress, PLEASE HELP US.
Hard working citizens w/group ins. cannot go to doctor because premiums & deductibles too high. #GrahamCassidy
Is there any discussion re spending caps? Routine procedures are world's most expensive
Don't try touching my taint doc! We're not that close!
Nonsensical and irrelevant.
Have you looked at how many rural hospitals are closing and what part of the county they're in and what will happen if Medicaid is killed?
What are you talking about? We don't need to bring patients closer to healthcare. We need to give everyone healthcare. You make no sense.
Block grants and lifetime caps mean only one thing....state officials (like governors) will go back to stealing it instead patient care.
We need to get YOU out of our healthcare.
Then don't support the #GrahamCassidyDeathBill, Lying Bill!
Who else will you make(bribe) changes for? UR bill is political not closer to the people! @MoveOn  @GOP @SenateDems
Except for reproductive decisions. Leave those up to white men, right?  #liar
Taking away all reproductive rights,defund PP,take BC payments away so women get pregnant multiple times,cant work &become beholden 2men
Exactly what does he mean? Taking people's healthcare away is not bringing it closer to the patient. It just makes it easier for them to die
I hope you and your family are forced to use the same plan that you propose! #YouDontRepresentMe
Louisiana needs you out of the Senate . MAGA
NEWS FLASH:Patients are not health care experts. Stop trying to pretend we are. Your bill is a sham. AND YOU KNOW IT. #NoGames
Lied about bill not affecting those with employer plans- brings back lifetime caps, pay more for pre-existing conditions, can cover less.
Fucking Liar.
I googled "Medicare Fraud" & GOP governor, Rick Scott's name came up. This is who you trust to help the people of FL with their health care?
Grow up Burt Reynolds
What's closer than "you get sick, you get help and you don't go bankrupt?"
By making it about mucho profit?
You need to listen to the whole medical field that is saying NO to your destructive bill that will hurt so many Americans.  Fix ACA
Your bill doesn't do that.  It puts those of us with pre-ex conditions at the mercy of clueless state legislatures. We have protection now.
Enough. This is a bad bill.
DO NOT TRUST YOU OR GOP GOVERNORS. You tried to get us to buy this affordable access stuff. Right, like Trump saying HC for all real cheap.
What the hell does that even mean?
How many times do we hear you are a doctor? YOU ARE A SENATOR! Act like it! Think about the responsibility you have to US citizens!
Ironically, u are doing your best to make it less accessible. You're working hard for ur own political gain & that Koch bro payoff #killcare
Closer? It doesn't help if all ou can do is look in through the windows sir.
.@RepKevinYoder @JerryMoran @SenPatRoberts in 10 yrs when KS has to fund +$900M, how do bankruptcies, homelessness & crime lead 2 econ dev?
We need to bring you closer to unemployment
Not credible.  You keep saying states would put money "toward" waiting lists etc.  Still will not guarantee coverage - smoke&mirrors

You talk like someone who will never have to worry about healthcare.  Give the "people" the power is such a load of crap.

You make no sense. Physicians don't understand policy. Your bill is proof.  Let those that understand good policy write it, not you.
Medicare for all
Shame on you! Didn't you take an oath to "first do no harm?" I guess "patient" to you means someone in the 1% who can afford their care.
You are a sad Dr  ACA works for Americans You Lie on CNN
Explain that 2 me. I'm an ARNP FOR 30 yr. contact me let's talk about what exactly that tweet means to you and how it benefits healthcare
How about we being health care all the way to the patient and give everyone Medicare for all?
That statement has no connection to reality. Just a meaningless Republican trope repeated endlessly
No we need to have healthcare for people
Industry has made it clear: your bill would devastate rural hospitals.
You keep saying "access" but not coverage. There is a. HUGE difference. Beware of bait and switch. trumpcare does not care about us
Y DON'T U TELL US IT PASSES THE JIMMY KIMMEL TEST?  Because it doesn't!!!!
A worthless statement. Absurd, really. The localization claim is also nonsense. Risk factors are remarkably static in the country.
Step one eliminate insurance companies
Step two negotiate drug prices 
Step three celebrate reform

My legislators won’t meet with people they disagree with. #1 uninsured,#1 maternal death rate, #1 repeat teen pregnancy rate. They dont care
Don't stop . Rand Paul flipped last time and could again. CALL CALL CALL until McConnell publicly declares this dead or Oct 1 arrives
Who is health care for in your opinion? American animals?  @BillCassidy-Of course, you have to bring it closer to the patient! Fix the ACA!!
Tell the truth Cassidy,  YOUR BILL IS A HUGE TAZ CUT FOR THE WEALTHIEST IN OUR COUNTRY!  F**K EVERYBODY ELSE!  We all hear your Lies!
TAKING healthcare from us & allowing states to charge unaffordable rates for pre-ex cond DOESN'T = bringing healthcare closer to the patient
Then why are you desperately trying to do the opposite--especially after repeated defeats? No weapon formed against us shall prosper!!!
.@AARPadvocates explains how Medicaid block grants kill Medicaid access.
No one is falling for this. Health care laws made at the federal level can be executed at the state level.
Thus debate CLEARLY shows u do not understand your Own Bill!
Actually, the ACA already did that for millions of us! My husband has health insurance for the first time in decades! Thanks to the ACA
No, we need to bring health care decisions further away from insurance companies with a profit motive.
Access does not equal affordable care! @SecPriceMD @LindseyGrahamSC #ACAlove
I would LOVE to see you stand up and renounce the taxpayer-funded healthcare YOU receive & commit to care under worst u offer in rural USA.
No Walter Reed MC for you - you go to one of the 1/3 of rural hosp in KS facing closure. You don't get unlimited paid leave from ur job
Or free transportation, or free lodging for your family.
How many people would you like to see die under your bill? Is 10million enough or do u need a higher number of deaths?
taking healthcare away from millions of Americans doesn't seem congruent with that idea.
So kicking millions off of healthcare helps how?
In your bill, it might be closer, but would be unattainable due to high prices for pre-existing conditions and lifetime caps.
Ratio
Your talk of the bill was lipstick on a pig. Your divisive language- 'us' 'them- is exacerbating the problem. GC is bad for I LOVE MY ACA
What you've proposed will ensure that only those with $$ will get any healthcare.  Give up your FEHBP benefits then maybe we'll talk.
The state isn't the patient, Doc.
So they can see it, but not qualify for it. Did you get this dumb idea from 7-yr obstructionist McConnell?  #GOPfail
