You better help do something about this! This is unacceptable #ConstitutionalCrisis #failedstate
your judgement is seriously impeded by what, lobbyist? What the hell would make you put party over democracy?
I had looked forward to your level headed opinion.  I was disappointed.  It made no sense. This IS a Constitutional crisis.
Na I'm gonna stay away from CNN
Sergey Lavrov just mocked Comey and the US, at the State Department, with Tillerson by his side. You need to  decide whose side you're on.
time for a Special Counsel
YOU HAVE ZERO CREDIBILITY
Yea, heard your pushing the Russian thing again. Why don't you and McCain just switch parties. Pos RINOS
Why not soak your head in brain-bleach? Get a clue!
Duty Honor Country.  We need an independent counsel to look into Russian connection, corruption, treason.
I am begging you to stand up as GOP leader and call for special prosecutor..

we are losing faith
Take a stand - country first not the GOP.
Trump is done, just a matter of when. Too much "winning"?
Yes we will Robin! Enjoy your criminal Pres while he lasts, won't be too long now.
Why would you go on CNN
Do you ever work your actual job as Senator or just do the hot takes on any news program that will have you?
Country before party? Tell that to the Democrats you Hypocrite. Graham/McCain switch parties you RINOS.
Will you ever be able to put the country before your political party? You have not yet. Here is your chance. Do you have the courage?
our country is in constitutional crisis and America is in peril.
WE NEED A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR! AND YES, I AM SHOUTING!
I'm shouting too, we need an independent prosecutor to prosecute Trump with Russia
WATERGATE
Are you prepared to defend American democracy against the insanity of DC?  You are either part of the problem or part of the solution.
Americans are being cheated with this presidency and the lying,  I want answers.
Why were there two Russian diplomats in the oval office today, Lindsey Graham get on the stick with this Russian business
We are looking to you to be a grown up. Country before party!
Remember mr graham cnn is fake news and you will probably be misquoted somewhere along the line
your face is far too handsome... stop burying your head in the sand
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR NOW!
#SpecialProsecutor now!The American ppl deserve 2 know #truth abt#TrumpRussiaCollusion Pls don't believe a word @realDonaldTrump tells u.
History will never forgive you & your fellow GOP weasels. Demand an independent investigation into #TrumpRussia NOW!
Can't wait until Hildabeast is back in the spotlight along with lynch, rice, holder and the rest of the POS Dem Hypocrites
Admit it you're a lib/dem
#Russia you ass.  #russia.  Nothing else matters.
Which side of your mouth WILL be using this morning?
U keep mentioning how comey lied about emails in Wieners computer. Did Sessions lie during his confirmation hearings?  But that's OK?
The firing of Comey while conducting the Russian/Trump investigation is an obstruction of justice! POTUS HAS THREATENED OUR DEMOCRACY.
Rudy was at Trump's DC hotel & has meeting at WH today?  No NY FBI agents to replace Comey #CountryB4Party
You can't tell me you don't see a problem with how and when this firing was handled. It is cowardly and suspect.
grow a backbone and put country before party
Mr Graham do your job, Trump is destroying this country while you sit and do nothing
You disappoint the country that you claim to love. Stand up for our democracy!
You can #ImpeachTrump and still have republicans in charge you know. Just in case you want to get away from that dumpster fire.
TREASON any1?  Sir U r actively participating in the downfall of our democracy & turning any process into a laughing stock. Stand or resign!
We should not just "move on".  This latest move is a clear abuse of executive power and at attempt to stifle the Russia investigation
Did you catch Lavrov laughing at us? That's what you're enabling. Stand up for your country.
You either stand for Americans who want a  SPECIAL PROSECUTOR  or you bow to corruption. No in between. Which is it?
Trump/Session fire Comey who's looking into Russian involvement but the. Meet with Russians tdy...c'mon!!! Can we restore democracy already
Special Prosecutor Now, Senator!!!!!
Hi! An actual constituent here (29526) and there will be NO "moving on" until we have an independent investigation or a special prosecutor.
Appreciate your measured response, but counting on you to protect American values, not partisan politics. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
You don't just "move on"! Stop treating Americans like we are stupid! We can't trust any decisions until we get a SPECIAL PROSECUTOR!

This isn't about politics. This is about the U.S. we leave our children & their children. We will succeed. We the people are #TheResistance 
Today, Will you be the #Patriot2StandUp4America? #treason in White House.  #SpecialProsecutor #SenateDithersWhileDemocracyBurns  #taxReturns
Get your shit together, Graham. We are counting on you. Don't fuck this up. Seek a special prosecutor. Save the republic.
You're a hack!   Quit!
I respect you and @SenJohnMcCain but need you to put #CountryOverParty you can do more! People want change in a bipartisan manner.
Please put Country before Party and support an independent investigation.  You owe #traitortrump nothing & he owes America an explanation
we need to "move on"?!?! How abt you guys move on..do your fuckin jobs or be voted OUT!!!!
Please do the right American thing and let the parties work together. He's making a mockery of the US. It's embarrassing.
Sir, my weary eyes turn to you.
Sadly all you're doing is speak meaningless words
unless its a independent investigation your talking about we dont need to hear u cover for trump
Just saw you on MJ, very disappointed in your response. This American demands a SP asap!
Who watches CNN?
Mr. Graham, please put country before party and stop backing the Russian coverup! Enough is enough!
You promoted that appearance!?!
Your party is not going to survive in 2018 DO YOUR JOB
no need to heard you whoose out on MSNBC and still not call for special prosecutor which is only resolution to this action by President
To hear you continue to support this disgusting and blatant coup on our democracy?? No thanks....
You need to do YOUR JOB trump is bringing your PARTY to distinction.....PENCE
Enough with the "this is troubling"...our democracy is on fire, and an equal branch of government is letting the executive walk all over it.
What happened to putting country before party, senator?
YOU NEED TO CONDEM TRUMP AND WH

So disappointed you are supporting Trump on Comey firing
Seems you chose party over country. Shame, traitor.
Not interested unless you are going to call for an independent prosecutor #countrybeforeparty
do not continue to enable Trump’s assault on democracy and the rule of law.
You sir, are a disgrace to this country. I thought you were one of the few principled ones left, but I was wrong.
You just said that RUS interfered in our election and they tried to help Clinton. Is that your position, Senator Crazypants?
one minute you're saying something that sounds like you are an American first, the next like a GOP hack. #TrumpRussia
Call for an independent prosecutor. Publicly. Loudly. Now.
But the pride in u killing the party u dedicated is a long-term game of satisfaction; in the shortterm ure truly ruining America #undeniable
You and your morally bankrupt party will literally go down in history as so party over citizens that you truly killed the republican party🖒
I did and I think that there is a connection. How did a two week employee decide to recommend to trump to fire the head of the FBI
Yeah, I'm watching that now. You seem like you're half asleep or on weed. You don't know what day it is and just said Russia helped Hillary.
You was our last great hope, well McCain is still a great American. That firing looks like a Russia move, only Comey kept his life.
history will thank you if you do the right thing and pursue a full independent investigation of the Russia ties.
Dude can't "find any evidence of Russian Drumpf collusion" lol. Wilbur Ross, Manafort, Page, Stone, Flynn, Kushner say hi! This a Joke? @cnn
senator Graham. Please push for an investigation into Russia. With Comey gone it's ever more important.
Country before party! Be that leader! #ComeyFiring  #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #IndependentInvestigation
U are 1 of a few republicans that I respect, don't start compromising ur integrity now! U know Comey was fired bcuz of Russia investigation
Do your f'n job!
Lindsey you have cognitive dissonance and you are betraying America. Time to get off the fence and stand up for the country. This is nuts.
Watched your interview with CNN, and thought you are a beath of fresh air with this current government, you should  be President.
Respectfully disappointed on lukewarm reaction to an outrage,
Lavrov just joked about Comey's firing.
Stop playing dumb! I used to think you were at least partially bipartisan but you have proved yourself a hypocrite.
Good to see you going full weasel this morning!!
It seems to me you're getting a little wishy washy about the Trump/Russia situation. Independent investigation needed.
Did u see that Russian making a joke of the firing Lindsey. Dam man wake up the country's counting on you. The Russian joked omg , wth.
Did you get the certified letter from Trump yet?
You are a lot weaker than I thought. What Trump did was fire the man who was investigating his WH. Thought you were smarter
liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar  @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC
I thought @CNN was #FakeNews?
Why? So we can watch you roll over again? I'd rather watch my dog do that.
Nah, you need to go do your job. Your words.
Country before party, Senator. Stand now and be a statesman!  #IndependentInvestigationNow
How can you agree that Russia interfered with 2016 and still support removing the head of that investigation? You make NO sense!
You're a coward and I'm ashamed you represent my state
You need to do your job. Trump is a disgrace and his tweets this morning and the firing of Comey proves his insanity.
Really, let's talk about Harry Reid?? Stand up and do your job. You and @gop are a shame on our country.
Oh boy and now youre threatening to use the nuclear option to confirm  a solely gop supported candidate. STOP CARING ABOUT UNMASKING IDIOT
Bottom line is get your head out the sand Lindsey. Trump has his cronies in head places to protect him. Now can y see the concern of America
Traitor
U care more about the morally bankrupt republican party over citizens. This decision is indefensible. No one will agree on comey replacement
You have sold out.
dude, country first.
I really had more respect for you. It was misplaced. I thought you loved your country?!
You are complicit
I'm not going to follow you or LISTEN to you. You are just another trump mouth piece
Yes, going very poorly. U are deadset on closing ranks around a grotesque decision, supported by abhorrent reasoning. #GOPMorallyBankrupt
Support your President!  Special Prosecutor is a slap in the face to the rank and file of the FBI
Tuned in. Would you agree that if Comey was fired for misspeaking (lying) about Abedin, Trump should be impeached for ALL the lies he's told
Why? So we can hear U spout a bunch of bull shit. The only thing the American people are waiting to hear is Trump is guilty. We know it
#DoYourJob History will label your legacy based on your actions now! Save our democracy. #comey
Does Trump balls taste good we want an independent counsel exRepublican this smells bad &u r just smelling bad also did u also get a million
Watching you right now on CNN,it occurred to me that somehow they got to you.  WHAT do they have on you senator?
I also tell everyone I can that does not have internet that they are FAKE NEWS!
SHAME ON YOU SENATOR!!  U just did a 180*!!  Smh....@CNN @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews @MSNBC @nytimes @washingtonpost @vicenews
America is in a panic and the GOP does not care as long as they are in control
You have lost all credibility with me.
Yup. Patriot vs "bug on the windshield of history." Your choice. #GOP
Please act on OUR behalf. Our nation's future depends on @GOP, at least SOME members, doing what's right.
Go on record in support of an #IndependentCommission.
But no I have BLOCKED CNN and MSNBC it WILL NOT be watched in my house!
Why, to watch you defend this Nixonian obstruction  of justice?
Funny how u never do Fox. Don't watch the propaganda shows u frequent
I hope this discussion includes your commitment to seeing a special prosecutor take over the Russia investigation.
Listening to you now. Comey needed to go, but odor the reason stated it should have happened in January.
watercarrier for trump instead of courageous champion for the country. You made your choice. We should remind your voters daily.
You are a fool. You switch more than a big botty stripper. U upset about Clinton and Uhma emails again. You want someone who will bow
What are you doing? I'm listening to you right now &I'm shaking my head-Meanwhile in the WH, the pres is meeting w/ Russia.
I truly hope you don't embarrass the Republicans.....
I just don't understand you. Donald is making you his new little puppet!
I have been to you.  You are interesting to me.
Tuned in and can't believe you agreed with Comey being fired in the manner in which he was fired. #CNN
Nothing these traitorous pigs do surprise me. This USA will belong to Russia soon. Just wait & see. Trump is selling out to the Russians
May the blood of Jesus cover us! Trump's letter to Comey proves he is involved in the Russia investigation. #WeNeedASpecialProsecutor
Sister U are so right. Yes this Country needs God now more than ever.
@CNN is fake
You are so gross. You have no integrity. You'll go down in shame with trump train. Looking fondly forward to that day. Total DISSAPOINTMENT.
I am disgusted with you.
nothing to see here! Move along!
Trump balls in your mouth taste good?
Time to step up, boyfriend. Make me take back everything I've said about your partisan BS in the past few months.
Are you going to be going over your retirement plans with them. Cause we are going to see you are out of the Senate soon.
Wouldn't care to hear either you or ANYTHING CNN has to offer.
Traitor. If even YOU won't stand up for our democracy we are lost. Does he have blackmail on you?
I will.
Already say you on @MSNBC. You were awful, cowardly putting party over country. You are a traitor & democracy is failing b/c of you.
Will u stand up to an executive branch that is being run by a crazy person?
No he won't because he's one of the traitors.
Please take a stronger stand on this Russia interference!!!
This is the constant drone of a media whore. Say just enough to sound controversial, get on talk shows, do absolutely nothing in the end.
#ticktock #TrumpColluded #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #Impeach45 #IndependentInvestigation #SpecialProsecutorNow #GOPcomplicit #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Are you going down in history as a man who backed a traitor. That's the only thing you should ask yourself Senator. DT will dump you too.
@LindseyGrahamSC , seems to be interested who did the leaking?
Please uncover what Trump is hiding. Impeach! And DO NOT SUPPORT his INSANITY
The Senate cannot impeach. It can only convict (or not) after the House impeaches.
Traitor or Patriot?  What will you claim to be?
I hope you have better feedback tonight and share the thoughts of your friend @SenJohnMcCain was disappointed last night in your comments.
He's not. He's enslaved to trump.
I sincerely hope it's to say you support a special prosecutor and\or independent commission. Citizens are in fear. NO ONE MUST BE ABOVE LAW.
How do you feel about Trump doing this then spending the day with Lavrov?  This is an egregious insult to our "claim" to be a democracy.
Ugh
How do you feel about Lavrov mocking Comey? Do you feel Tillerson is representing the USA well?
