Should be quesriining Hillary....Obama.....Holder.....and Lynch.....We all know this is a witch hunt to cover up the REAL COLKUSION
Should be questioning Clinton....Obama....Holder...and Lynch...Muellar should resighn.......Ignore real collusion much? URANIUM DEAL
You let him duck and dodge.
Senate Judiciary Committee should ask Mueller to resign He was FBI head when Uranium One deal cut. He can't investigate himself.
Mueller & Rosenstein both involved in investigation on Russian bribery & collusion with Hillary on Uranium One in 2009. Totally conflicted.
It's now 11:00 pm and we are witnessing a complete blackout of coverage from MSM on the Russian bribery & collusion w/Hillary on Uranium One
You mean your day of tea with him?
Watched. U asked abt HRC/Comey.  Nothing about #TrumpRussia ? How much did Trump offer u during golf day? Where has the real L Graham gone?
Actually, the most pointed question was about why Trump fired Comey. Sessions stared in shock for at least 30 seconds.
Sessions isn't shocked; he is burning up time by acting senile. Or maybe, he is SENILE? Trump Administration is one sick molded cookie. Throw it in the Garbage Disposal and leave it on indefinitely. PLEASE SAVE OUR COUNTRY.
That was about as effective as nothing. You let him get away with not answering anything. You are responsible for his failed policies. #2018
Can't wait to see how you spin for him ... kind of like that healthcare bill.  You're back at the bottom of the swamp list.
Need to watch Sessions kick Dems' attempting to trap him. Nothing fair coming from the left...
Traitor!
Keep it up, U will not be elected again I promise. If however u grow a spine and show evidence of a soul... nah forget it
I’d watch but sickens me that he continues to lie under oath.
Oh you meant you were about to stroke his ego...now I know what question means.
All the repubs. like you deserve to be exiled. I really thought you were decent with love for your country.  You should be an actor. Snake!
Hipocrit! You should resign. Your donors will not give a penny for you. You enriched yourself by liying to the AP. Resign go home. Snake!
Pathetic.  What kind of character of man work for our country?
You will never get an answer, FBI, AG corrupt, part of the swamp. but please keep trying.
Sessions thinks that he is above the law! Wrap your head around that!
What to bet that he knows Trump can't fire him because Trump has a secret about Sessions BUT SESSIONS KNOWS SECRETS ABOUT TRUMP, TOO.  Sweet little relationships in Trumps Administration. Russia probably knows them all.
No need sessions be like
Please do not insult decent citizens to corrupt white trash who has forgotten the Civil War is over and he was not on the winning side. In this country all citizens should be  judged on their personal character, not RELIGION, RACE, SEX, Ethic Backgroud or GENDER.
I am sure you will be lobbing him some softballs Senator since you are not interested in the truth about him or @realDonaldTrump
Jeff is coming out to play charades with his buddies.
Why aren't you questioning your BFF Hillary? No one is above the law.
Still on HRC ? Pathetic
There's no need for name calling.
You're a brown-nosing hypocrite. Play the game!
It's your time to again show that you're Trump's stooge and not South Carolina's senator
I had hope and believed in you for a few months there. Stupid me. You have sold out your country. Only McCain is left as a real hero in my eyes.
Remember that your loyalty is the the Constitution, not the Republican Party and not Trump!
I  am just one citizen but my heart is truly broken. I will die before this Trump scandle is over. You Graham have supported this  corrupt Administration. If a spirit can haunt you better believe I will be there to see you and it won't be nice. I will be one pissed off ghost.
Yeah...if only we could get a straight answer out of him. Funny how he loves confiscation laws with no charges but refuses to tell the truth
What’s going on with the sanctions against Russia?
way to go with the "what took so long?" question!
Do you care that he lied, got caught, lied some more,  refuses to answer, rinse and repeat? NOW you golf with a Trump? #CountryOverParty
Softballs.
Why go so easy? Please be the impartial voice we voted you to be. Thank you!
You ask him about his golf game? Maybe how to screw the poor out of healthcare? #getaspine
That lying weasel!
You've lost all credibility with your #grahamcassidy bill. You're not one of the good guys. Can't see why @SenJohnMcCain is your friend.
Jeff Sessions needs to be fired and you need to resign

Waste of time and $$. You'll never get the truth from him.
And he lied and bullied and dodged. The GOP is distroying itself.
Trump clone. #useless
Lord.......
Fully expecting softballs-you're both in bed with #PutinsPuppet
With or without his hood and sheet?
You have lost your credibility with real people.
Let me guess: your first hard-hitting question was, "How ya doin, Jeff?"
Watch out for the softballs.
I'm sure you focused on Trumps golf game.  You continue to disappoint...Trump is cancer, time to stop enabling
Your baby questions. Did you bring him a lollipop?
It doesn't take a mental health professional to see that the man is crazy as hell! Willful misconduct on the part of GOP
Do you have a clue how disgusted the country is with you and the GOP? He's ill. What is your excuse?
Gonna ask him the important stuff right?  Like how @realDonaldTrump is so good at golf?
What was wrong with your left eye, while questioning Sessions about Comeys firing?sure looked like a ling drawnout wink to me! #Resist
Maybe ask some real questions this time
Please put back on your uniform and give trump the kick in the balls he needs politically. Please. Please. Please.
Sure you were hard hitting.
So?
Question him or invite him out to play some golf?
Please ask him about Russiagate & why he hates: LGBTQIA. Thanks
Comey deserved to be fired and should be in jail. The president doesn’t even have to give an excuse or reason.
Waste of time! You need to protect 143 million voters
You will lick his ass
Ask him how he feels about POTUS disrepecting another Gold Star Family while you're at it
I hope u really questioned him bout Russia. Many of the other Rep senators used their allotted time to make stmts about WaPo (WTH?)
Trump reveres himself above all including the military. Just ask him. Words matter. He is narcissistic, vindictive, graceless and clumsy.
I'm sure you'll be your usual tough talk no act persona
The ONLY question AG Sessions should be asked is why he hasn't indicted the Clintons, Comey, Lynch, Mueller, Obama, etc, for collusion, yet!
I watched, it was sad how you focus on Clinton so much, but then again you had become Donald Trump's best buddy playing golf sad
Softball game you mean to say
Hillary must be involved
You are scum.  You don't care about what is going on with Russians interfering with our election.  You are just another partisan hack.
You mean kiss his White Supremacist Ass   GOP is Fraud Central I had hope but your true colors shine through
He just lies or says nothing, scurrilous scoundrel.
Why u really don’t care bet u @potus told u at ur golf outing cut the shit w/sessions
Let’s see if you have any testicular matter left.
I know you'll go easy on him and he will have amnesia again.
Are you and the Keebler elf lovers?
Your "joke" about Senator Whitehouse going over "more than a little bit," made you look like a petty fool.
I wish I had confidence in your objectivity. Isn’t AG supposed to defend constitution and not act as prez private lawyer?Coverup in progress
Your such a disappointment to people the way you have behaved http://lately.You  have broke the trust people have placed in you.WHY?
Well yes give him all the softball questions you can!You don't want to upset the little bigot  or the fat bigot that is the POTUS.
If you have the guts, ask Goober why he lied to Sen. Franken during senate confirmation hearings.
Well that didn't go well. Sessions looks like he is guilty of something. He seems to be protecting POTUS.
You mean hand job don't you?
Puhlease. The softball questions you lobbed were embarrassing.
Hold his feet to the fire.
Are you going to backslap him and joke about his golf game like you do our mentally deranged president?
Question his lying under oath! Oh right, you're one of the #SpinelessGOP
Resign RINO!
How about questioning @realDonaldTrump in Senate Judiciary Committee??
Going to ask some tough ones like, "How did you get your hair so perfect?"
The easier it gets the more money we lose
What difference will your deference to Jeff Sessions make? Go play golf with your pal POTUS who thinks you are maleable midget.
You mean throw him softballs?

Have fun Senator.  I like to play softball with my friends too.
Now there's a man I don't trust.
Hillary?  Wtf?
All you will get are veiled 5th Amd-like answers. You’re wasting your time.
That should be a hard hitting search for the truth.
No that was not questioning!  Wow what has happened to you?
Can you please try and remember that the priority is the CONSTITUTION here?  Not the Republican party?  Thanks, Linds.
Try not to be a soft marshmallow.  Ask hard questions. Do what we elected you to do. That’s not propping up all GOP
Got your softballs ready?
What is that crap about anyhow? We have proof of Hillary AND Obama corroborating with the Russians yet no one wants to bring it up?
We won't hold our breathe Mr Golfer in support
You guys are bedfellows so whatever

One despicable piece of garabage talking to another despicable piece of garbage.
#NoThanks
Throwing softballs, I bet.
Golf later 
Sure you are. Go easy. Don't want him to have to lie too deep or take privilege for no reason. #Allinwithtrump
Lets see...will this be a Lindsey and I are totes on the same page day

Or 

What the hell, who is this guy day?

#hopingforthefirstchoice
What a waste of air Lindsey  you should have stayed on the golf course.  You have no interest  in saving democracy.  Vote you OUT
Are you going to compare golf rounds with the President with him ?
I'm confident that you will soft ball him and cozy up to his bigotry in complete acceptance of his embrace of treason.
Hope your questions don't have partisan bias since you're on the same "team"
Do your job and get the psychopath in the Oval Office tossed
And?  They all Klan together!
#SOFTBALLS
And..... your point is??  I have so little faith in you I predict you wIll ask him what his latest golf handicap is.
Did,sounds like you & trump,s golf outing was about his obsession, Hillary,SAD use of ques time!
 you mccain Ryan in in the back deals
Sadly Senator, even tho we differ on issues, I did think u were a true patriot, but was wrong. Clearly, I'm not alone  #RussianSanctions
The fools play into Putin’s hands. They D/R are doing what Putin cannot do. Undermine our democracy
Investigate Obama justice dept. Something is very rotten.
Now that you're in Trump's back pocket, we expect NOTHING from you. #ShameOnYOU!
Make sure to ask him tough grown up questions. Oh that's right, you don't give a shit.
THE PUBLIC DESERVES THE TRUTH WITH THIS INVESTIGATION!!! ANY OBSTRUCTING IS NOT ACCEPTABLE!!!!!!!!
That is one lying racist a bigot and a disgrace to all Americans
Make sure you don't be too hard on him. Wouldn't want the truth, now.
Yeah you’re just ask “light questions”
Make sure they’re softball questions. Don’t put him on the spot.
What? Not on faux news?
Why bother??? He has already lied under oath. The @GOP is complicit.
This all so dishonest and trying to portray yourself as honest in this is most galling.
Ask him why he lied during his confirmation hearings.
Ask him why he is a piece of shit? Because he sold his soul to get that job.
RUSSIA!!!
Got some slow pitches all lined up you dishonest, treasonous hick?
Why don’t you question your president instead of playing golf with him?
The smooch smooch ass kiss?
Do you support how Trump spoke to the widow of Sgt La David Johnson? Please speak up about this.
Did you pop your head out of trump’s ass?  Otherwise you might be muffled

Can you actually make him answer questions and tell the truth, for once?
TRUTH @LindseyGrahamSC , SENATOR☻
But could you believe anything he says?
Ask him why he lied repeatedly to the Senate? Why he didn't resign after proven Russian ties? Why is Sessions not in jail?
First name he brought up was Hlary Clinton: Free golf for life!
You won't get much.
Breaking: Jeff Sessions was just arrested after lying under oath, again.
He's part of the swamp
Good luck getting a straight answer out of Jeff Sessions!
If @jeffsessions is so dam passionate about immigration & illegal immigration (passion is nice for Asshole & Pissed) is he not Wrong dept?
I just became a big fan of sen graham after I saw his questioning. Bravo !!
And of course, you will remain COMPLETELY objective....
NOW you tell me? I have to go to a party. Your working hours are killing my sleep patterns anyway. 

Every time they speak 2 @jeffsessions about immigration He gets so Mad & becomes aggressive in his answers, He hates immigrants #BigotAG 
You mean the racist liar attorney general???
Ask him about his golf game
Im expecting softball questions as you continue to suck up to 45. I had hopes for you but you turned out to be a bitter disappointment.
Going to discuss golf?
Oh, I'm sure you'll ask real hard-hitting questions won't you, little lindsey?
Yea...that will be worthless.
