https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
I like you Senator, but come on. Much more appropriate to say Dems are committed to protecting the American ppl from GOP's appalling #AHCA
Working for the people not the super rich
The Dems spent nearly 2 YRS *Working*, hearings, interviews, research. Rs throw some shit 2gether then say, Ds aren't willing to work w us
Because people want it! Not @realDonaldTrump and house plan!
DEMS are PROTECTING 24 MILLION Americans that won't hv healthcare under GREEDY, oxymoronic GOP govt - Try it! It's what you get paid for!
I have to say to you that I have a preexisting condition & I benefit from this as do 35% of South Carolinians! We see you! 1/2
Bc u can't be trusted to do what's right. 2 embroiled n game! Shame on u Lindsay Graham. For a second saw u as beacon. But lite is out.
Democrats are committed to protecting the American people.  The GOP should try it!
TRUMPCARE IS NAZI DEATH CAMPS WITHOUT WALLS#GET IT RIGHT GOP#WE SEE YOU
You're damn right! This healthcare bill is nothing more than a tax break for the rich & eff all others.
WHY CAN'T Rs put is some elbow grease here?!!  propose something that actually WORKS. DO THE RESEARCH. Rs laziest bunch of reps (not u)
I fixed it for you... #peopleoverparty #veterans #women #children #men #specialneeds #preexistingconditions #buhbye2uin2018
https://twitter.com/nataliew1020/status/863226251548520448 …
Thank you for sharing... All of my children have preexisting conditions. As a child I had seizures. You are not alone #preexistingconditions
Thank you!!
We saw Congress actually ADD NEW PREEXISTING CONDITIONS to raise our insurance rates! Shame on you for making this a partisan issue!2/2 #ACA
The GOP should have just let Obamacare die and then come up with something better, the left will never realize how many problems it had
This is simply false.  No one is "committed to protecting Obamacare" as the goal.  They are committed to denying the punishing GOP bill.
or at least not coming up with a shitty alternative
Healthcare: #WEWANTWHATUHAVE because WE pay the bills!!
. Sen Graham, many times u r voice of truth! This time u r not. Fix the actions against the ACA & insurers will come back.
Or 20 million americans
Single-payer is the only rational answer to adequate, fair, and less expensive coverage for all.
they're committed to protect American LiVES not the 1% pockets
If GOP members would come up with a better plan instead of a non plan the Dems would come on board, their opposition is in service to people
No, Sen. Graham - It shows that Democrats and about 20 Republicans are committed to protecting the American people, not Pres. Trump.
Maybe it was the horrible bill in front of them. Almost every GOP voted one way as well. #countryoverparty
You damn right Lindsey!
Thank god!
No, it shows @HouseDemocrats are determined to protect the citizens of this nation in the face of @HouseGOP hatred for the poor, ill, & old
How about the twenty brave Republicans, who realize that protecting pre-ex is far more important than politics.
or maybe they are committed to protecting the health care of the citizens  -we don't care what u call it - call it insurance
Not EVERY Democrat voted to oppose it. #fakenews
committed to the vulnerable you mean @LindseyGrahamSC
All due respect Senator Graham. House GOP created a bill that enriches 1% and penalizes those who need help the most.
You know the ACA only needs tweaking, not repealing.
Or just not complete idiots.
Not necessarily Sen Graham, it is that this bill is SOOO bad!!! You must know that!!! Dems admit that ACA needs attention.  Help them for us
We are.
@GOP @DNC Democrats should be working for the good of all Americans! If they were in the private sector, they would be fired!
You are so far off base, sir.  When your GOP colleague says pre-existing conditions are patient's fault, GOP shows its poverty of spirit.
They are committed to protecting the American people. Unlike republicans
Because it's the RIGHT thing to do. You guys won't even work with Dems. Just want to throw millions off healthcare! Shame on you!
I hope you GOP pro AHCA are learning how to flip burgers. U find it ok to screw Americans over with a sadistic "win"?
You're damned right.
WRONG Senator.  Shows they are committed to protecting healthcare for millions of Americans not tax breaks for the rich.
Yes!  And blocking terrible TrumpCare!  #fight4ourhealth
Yes, the horrors of protecting something people overwhelmingly support - they want it fixed, not gutted.
I BEG to disagree ć you? I didn't see "BPH" on the list of PEC's & a LARGE % of men WILL have "Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia" p the age 65
You
Yes we are! What are you going to do, take on the entire country? Go ahead, give us you best shot you big baby 
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/05/04/house-health-care-bill-senate-doa-238000 …
Good. That's what they need to do!!! #IAmAPreexistingCondition #trumprussia #resist #russiagate #healthcareforallAmericans
Or that they're committed to not putting something WORSE out there... Just because someone is anti-poison doesn't mean they know an antidote
As well they should be. YOUR job is to work with the Dems to improve it, not to play partisan blame games.
No..just protecting women, children, the elderly and those will pre-existing conditions and keeping rural hospitals open
What about the Republicans that DIDN'T VOTE FOR IT. Typical TWISTER GAME,,thought you were above that
With good reason, they want their constituents to live a long a fruitful life, while GOP is hellbent on killing those who voted for them.
maybe they're committed to protecting people. Unlike @RepMoBrooks & @SpeakerRyan who just want to kill.
EXACTLY...now you're getting it.
Fortunately someone is watching out for people's interest. Too much to expect that from Republicans who don't even care to read the bill
for all your Christian blathering we know who your god is...$$$
did you vote for AHCA? I love when you guys talk out of both sides of your face!
Yes, the D's are for what's best for we the people. The R's voted for a bill they didn't read & hadn't been scored. What do you call that???
Your criticizing Dems, but GOP refused and cont. to refuse to help fix ACA.
They want to protect the PEOPLE, not themselves. What will Trumpcare do to help us?
And Repugs are committed to protecting the rich on the backs of the sick. VILE.
Sorry, Senator. You've missed on this one. There are actually some politicians trying to protect their own health issues, not political ones
So your saying we should vote Democrats since they want us to have healthcare and Republicans don't?
They know Obamacare is aweful. Too ashamed to admit it's theirs
Were you fucking confused about that before? Really?
Why wouldn't democrats try to protect Obama care. Make the necessary changes to aca and keep it. No on trumpcare. Your vote will be remembe.
And the GOP was so supportive of BHO *mcconnell* come on
Thank God for the Democratic Party, instead of people who only cater to the wealthy.
No, it shows that it was a terrible bill written for the HFC and rushed to a vote before the CBO score came out.
Exactly! Dems are committed to protecting millions of Americans who will be uninsured. Shame on YOU & your petty need for a win!!!
Dems are committed to ensuring ppl have access to adequate, affordable health care. Don't be a GOP lemming. Take a stand. #bebrave
NO-committed to protecting the health of America.
Watch as support for Trumpcare quickly melts and you lose control of both houses 
Wow. I didn't think you were this way.
Yeah. Like 83% of Americans are committed to protecting Obamacare.
Hell No, it shows the GOP is committed to destroying it: voting without reading, or a hearing, or public comment, or @USCBO score
Kinda like what Repubs did to Obama for 8 years! You better vote no! We seniors are coming after you Pubs in 2018!
Or peoples lives
Democrats are protecting American citizens.  You sir, are protecting corporate interests. Have you no shame?
Wil you too join These shameful antics to take away healthcare from millions?  Shame on you Senator.  Shame!
No it shows they have a conscience unlike u. It shows they have morality and actually give a  about people.
Do you have a valid point you pawn?
You love President Trump now that he dropped some bombs.
We believe in the ACA.
Of course they are! Because it works!
As well they should be. Make it better don't repeal it.
You are a hypocrite.
Shows they are smarter than you.  Stop tweeting!!! Feeling guilty much
.....or just unpatriotic jerks....
They are committed to doing the right thing for poor and working people who cannot afford healthcare. Rep. only care about big business.
They are committed to protecting us.
Or better yet protecting American lives.
Dude stop with the Dems are bad rhetoric, the bill is awful. I hope you & McCain have a backbone and fix it instead of again being all talk
no they are committed at not making health care worst. Your job is to protect the sick and make it affordable 4 all.
Maybe it's worth trying to compromise with the Dems? That seems to be a lost art and it's sad. That is why the US cannot be great
Senator, you will either support or reject what ends up as the final version of #Trumpcare . And you will need to OWN that, sir
how dare they!!!  Grow a backbone,  Lindsey.   You're too smart to be a Republican any more.
They are committed to saving lives!!!!!
Lol stop with your hypocritical comments. You republicans do the same fucking thing do you think the american people dont see this?
The first thing that comes to my mind when I see how little GOP cares about the most needy is "Jesus Wept". #ShameonGOP
It also shows that they are listening to their constituents #shameonGOP
Hopefully, you will get a chance to experience healthcare from the perspective of the people of SC who not going to reelect you again!
Or perhaps were smart enuf to no how stupid trump care bill is....good god
Glad someone is committed to health care. Unlike Republicans committed to sentencing untold numbers to DEATH.
wow. mind-blowing. how did you figure this out?
OR committed to making health care accessible to everyone! OR content with the notion that millionaires can pay a bit extra to fund Medicaid
Also, water is wet. How insightful. And refreshing that Ds stood firm. Rs will pay a heavy price for today.
Thank you demos!
I am proud of them for standing up for me & my husband, as both of us have preexisting conditions. His chemo pill is $12K per month w/o ins.
Absolutely! Republicans are heartless.
Perhaps it is because TrumpDontCare only provides health care to the rich. You should be ashamed !!!
It shows Democrats are committed to protecting the most vulnerable--and keeping insurance for 24 million.
That's because literally millions of people now have healthcare that could not get it before.
Not a single republican voted for Obamacare which now provides care for +20 million. AHCA will remove that
They are committed to protecting People.
No they are protecting those who cannot defend themselves.
That's an erroneous conclusion. How about protect folks?
And you did nothing except Bi#%$ and complain for the last seven years. You did nothing to improve healthcare for anyone.
The GOP is not interested in making healthcare better for everybody. It's all about tax cuts. Only first world country w/o universal HC.
GOP always say how great our medical system is...it's not when most of the people can't access it for even basic care.
based on those rt levels, you may be in trouble.
Funny how that changes perspective depending on who is in the majority. People aren't stupid you know
As they should. 17% like this new POS. Do the math. Or I can do it for you.
Might show the GOP plan is terrible.
Or maybe, just maybe, they are committed to helping US. The regular citizens trying to live our regular, non-millionaire lives.
Sounds like ole' Obama time...ahhh memories of obstruction
as they should like any decent American
That's correct. Especially when the alternative kills people.
No it doesn't, It proves they care about America's health & well-being. Not 1 republican or the President read the bill or knows the cost.
No. They are committed to American's lives. This is a BS tax cut bill for the rich.
Of course they are. And so we're several republicans that don't lack a brain AND a heart.
Careful.  That there might be a campaign billboard in 2018.
Or opposed to the drastic drops in Medicaid and risks to those with pre-existing conditions.
20 Smart Republicans also voted against a!  The ones who actually care about seniors, working class, veterans & children with pre-existing!
Thats right! Committed to caring for and protecting americans.
That's why I will vote Democratic forever.
And why is that a bad thing exactly?
If you are among the best of a bad lot in the GOP, we are poorer than I feared.
Funny how 24 million people having healthcare is more important than a tax cut for the wealthiest 2% of Americans.  It is called decency.
Or it says they don't want to kill sick children. I actually had respect for you before this tweet.
Why would any decent human being not want to protect Obamacare which saves lives & protects Americans? Shame on anyone who does not.
Surely you are not suggesting being in opposition to denying healthcare to Americans is a bad thing? 
No. It shows that #trumpcare is straight garbage.
NO. Dems committed to protecting their constituents from horrible legislation. #rememberinnovember2018
You betcha
It's an awful bill and you know it! It's cruel & un-Christian like. You certainly are not serving others. GOP are Evil devils all of you....
No, you're out of touch. They are committed to protecting the American people.  Something you've forgotten how to do.
They are committed to at least allowing the CBO to score trumpcare, and warn you how many Americans will be negatively impacted.
This is ridiculous
Thought you were a better leader. The backlash from the bill will haunt you all.  You should be ashamed!
They are committed to protecting the poor and vulnerable, not millionaires.
NO, it shows Dems have a conscience and don't believe Americans should be without healthcare. ACA needs to be fixed but with sanity
Perhaps they would have voted if they had been part of the process?
Not about politics - this is about life
I just spent $100 today toward voting those that voted yes out. Damn right we're committed 2 our kids not dying! We're fighting 4  kids
They have no idea what's coming for them... there's a lot of pissed-off mothers. You don't piss off Mama Bear
No it show how unreasonable Trumpcare is. Try building a coalition to improve Obama care America will be better 4 it.
NO. It shows that they, on behalf of their constituents, won't accept a bill that will harm Americans. Thank God for Dems.
A vote against this bill isn't a vote against compromise. This bill was born out of partisanship (reconciliation) and you know that!
At least somebody is committed to protecting Americans' health you hypocritical sell-out. #2018IsComing
Shame on the GOP!
They're committed to protecting American citizens, rather than just the wealthy.
Don't worry about what the dems do. Fix the existing problem, don't replace!
