Idiot
Trump's supporters https://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2016-10-27/creator-of-blacks-for-trump-is-former-member-of-murderous-cult …
He isn't doing anything that hasn't been done.  Quagmires are like that.  Tell POTUS to fill diplomatic vacancies - that will help more
Proud of this, Senator???
As McCain fights for his life, Trump had his fans so manic, they were calling for McCain's death http://bit.ly/2vovIL1  .@LindseyGrahamSC
Proverbs 3:5-6
Trust in the #Lord with all your #heart, And lean not on your own #understanding; In all your #ways [1/2]
acknowledge Him, And He shall direct your #paths. [2/2]
Romans 8:32
He who did not spare His own #Son, but delivered Him up for us all, how shall He not with Him also freely give us [1/2]
all #things? [2/2]
War is costly economically, always and we are in deep trouble.  Always illness, death destruction.  It has been outlawed by the U.N. &U.S>
My favorite quote of week "you may be tired of fighting terrorists but they are not tired of fighting you"
SIR, how can you support 45, he is despicable in every way.  He is disrespectful to all!  He is a wanna be dictator!
I wonder how Osama Bin Laden feels about Obama's lack of toughness...
How much do you plan to profit off of his decision?
Still proud of the toddler in chief today?
Proud of the donald-he tied his shoes aaaall by himself. Such a big boy!
What is the actual strategy?   I think he just needed a reason for a speech, trying to improve after Charlottesville.
You've never met a war you didn't like. I wish every person in Congress had a child that was in Active Duty Military Combat!
I would hope that Trump like Bush did stops with golf while we have service members fighting overseas. Obama never did, but hope Trump does.
Lindsey you are always a disappointment. Applauding waste of more American lives & treasure to spite Obama & steal lithium isn't patriotism
Used to admire Lindsey... but he is shithead like the rest of em.
Where were the gloves when we had 100,000 troops over there?
Your endorsement is reason enough to believe Trump is making a mistake here.
Not sure how you got the gloves come off from that TelePrompTer speech.  It's all secret so we don't know what's going to happen.
Non penso che USA amino Afghanistan, ma volete rimanere lì solo per la droga:tanti soldi facili. Le auguro che suoi figli o nipoti la usino.

Are you PROUD of him after that awful rally performance last night?  Hmm?
Hard to believe you would praise djt for reading someone else's words. They're not his nor his beliefs, transparent & remedial at best. Sad
Looking forward to his AZ rally today. I'm sure it will be spectacular. What could go wrong?
Well...so much for appearing Presidential...lol. One step forward two steps back.
Strategy not trump's? He's intellectual & moral vacuum so out of his depth Generals taken over command. Utter farce that he claims credit.
Hey Lindsey, you can fight Rand Paul all you want, but my $$ would be on him to kick your ass, physically and on foreign policy
I@ so disappointed I. You. Proud of the president really? He makes one good decision you're ready to jump back on
Still happy today Lindsey?  Or will there be another pivot??
One speech does not a president make. Should have waited 24 hours to comment. How proud are you now@lindseygrahamsc
Made one decision you were in favor of so that obliterates all other BS crazy this man spews on a daily basis? Pull your head out Graham!
He is going to drag you all down to the bottom of the swamp...congrats. djt; the 180-degree president. Commander Willy Waffle. Sad

the war in Iraq ended up costing $814.6 billion. Afghanistan has cost $685.6 billion.
And if I remember correctly, Cheney stated it would only cost $40-$50B, which Iraq would reimburse US from oil money.
Pres Trump is not your ordinary political http://guy.Work  with him and get his agenda going.He was elected He's got voters with him
@LindseyGrahamSC Stop going just on the #FakeNewsFox! Afghanistan is a lost cause an you know it. Be careful, history is watching you!
From the proud owner of an assault riffle...maybe he will join the troops and forego reelection!
Backstabbing useless legislator. Btw. Gone soon.
You should delete this after his abominable performance last night mocking your friend who has brain cancer #TrumpisaNazi #25thAmendmentNow
Are you proud of him at the #PheonixRally? He is making us feel unsafe in our own country
Are you proud of his speech in Arizona?
Senator please. Have the courage in one year to look back and say: yeah nothing really changed.
Invertebro
Are you proud of how Trump treated Senator McCain  during the rally? How about Senator Flake?
How do you feel now, Senator? How do you feel after that awful rally in Phoenix? Still proud?
The senator makes the mission in Afghanistan sound like a case of medical malpractice. He's not entirely incorrect.
Radio silence....where is your defense of president today after #TrumpRallyPhoenix? You are a coward and hypocrite feeding this disease.
I agree with  everything is said
Hey Graham you own that madman trump you & all @GOP will own the downfall of our great nation! How amoral must you be to allow this chaos
Sen Graham, what say you now? The President you are so proud of LIED to the American people on national TV 

Oh ffs as if our solidiers were sitting around swatting flies for the last 16 years till this orange dumpsterfire of a president showed up
Congratulations! You're proud of something Trump did! I guess it makes it easier for you to forget how dangerous he really is!
Time to pay attention to the unhinged leader in DC, stop making excuses
Really disappointed with you Mr Graham. I thought you had integrity. I thought you could call out evil. Not be proud of it.
You Republican bastards better wake up and get this unstable maniac out of the WH!!!! After his rant tonight, your ignorance is shameful!!!
Grow a goddamned spine. NOW.
“I worry about the access to nuclear codes.” James Clapper, former Director of National Intelligence, on CNN rn.
Hope his ass is proud of that speech he gave tonight in Arizona
Another cringe worthy speech tonight #phoenixrally .How long are u & your cronies going to allow this insanity? History is watching.
You can't be proud of him. Ever.  No sireee Bob.
Still proud? He attacked @SenJohnMcCain. A good man who puts country over party. This is outrageous. Time for the Republican's to act!!!
Good for you &DT.  Expect to see your kids/grand kids in front lines w/ Trump's. Then you can say you're proud & in the battle. Pics please.
What about now, Sen. Graham? Say enuf is enuf.
Are you still proud of this lunatic? DTs ridiculous campaign speech makes your party look like fools.
You need to #RESIGN from office today...this is un called for...a young lady died in the arms of a Nazi President  and yr proud of him.
If after this Unity Rally u still support, then shame. He is mentally ill or just plain crazy.
U r such a putz Gone. Gone
still proud of trump? So presidential. Tonight what a disaster. Pick a side, stop flip flop.
Are you going to defend your best friend @SenJohnMcCain now?
You can swing both ways on a lot but not Nazis. Get off the pot already & take bombs away from him
Watch the Phoenix rally & tell me you're still proud. He's a Nazi - you can't for & against at the same time
He thinks Trump will fuck it up and he and his crooked friends will win. I say fuck him
__ a forever war..uh?..this shall also come to pass..
This president is a disgrace stop fucking around Lindsey
HOW YA FEELIN' NOW LINDSEY?
Please! He's mad as a hatter. One phrase does not a war strategy make.
What happened to getting out? Trump listens to grown ups for the first time and you commend him? Ridiculous
How proud are you of the president tonight? He is standing in front of his supporters lying! Why do you support this man?
You're pathetic. You support someone who won't stand up to Nazis. Congratulations.
But Senator, @POTUS says Afghanistan & Pakistan pose greatest terrorist threat to America, but his travel ban applies to neither. Thoughts?
La



Then reinstate the draft and send #madkingtrumpwig's kids.
Join with Mitch, 45 is evil #dumptrump
You know he will get us all killed right?
Just what we need, more US soldiers dying for nothing. Or wait I forgot about the trillion dollars in mineral wealth in Afghanistan
Pitiful and highly dishonest...wow Lindsey I'm ashamed of you!
Trump is a flip flopper left his supporters down SAD
You are nothing but a Hillary puppet
Dump on Obama Lindsey. There is absolutely NOTHING new about this. Are you really this dumb? Serious question
The neo con is stoked!!! Of course you have no skin in the game
Light fly so we might swat you.
Putting in 4000 troops is hardly taking the gloves off-maybe poking a limitless hole in the pinky finger
OMG...continuing our presence in Afghanistan will not eliminate terrorism...stop this madness Senator Graham!
"Clear the way for 2020" for 20 years in prison for this traitor.
How much $ will @LindseyGrahamSC make from military industrial complex? Bet this won't change his votes one bit.
LindCee Prez Trump needs NOT your support, Pea off RINO!!!
He defended nazis last week you coward.
Still not too sure of your loyalty @LindseyGrahamSC
Are really proud of Trump. Any POTUS could what he did anytime. But, Trump acted "normal", so, your proud of him. Why not just give him hug
Always kissing Trumps RUMP!! #TrumpsPunk
It must be exhausting FLIP FLIPPING @LindseyGrahamSC ! You and @SpeakerRyan are making a career out of kissing A**!  So Pathetic..
Ummm Sen. G with all due respect what decision?
@LindseyGrahamSC - once reputable man, now just a sting
You continue to show U are nothing but BS and suck up to Trump, U know he is a traitor yet U continue this farce. He is COSTING US Billions
Isn't it true that no nation in history has ever won a war in Afghanistan?
4000 troops?  Kid gloves maybe...but, hey, when your poll numbers are down, send someone else's child to fight.

I will vote you out.  I still have memory of you and that disgraceful McCain and your treasonous actions towards OUR elected President.
This guy is a damn wackjob.  He should decide if he for trump or not. What an emotional beta male.  Effeminate!
you know donald little hands trump is going to prison don't you ? i wonder how many of his republican party pals will be joining him.
The gloves are off the weird little men inside your fickle little mind.  That's for sure.
The only thing you back @realDonaldTrump on is war......
Excellent! Let's get tax cuts done and put more points on the board.
Senator Graham, the Russians never took their gloves off in Afghanistan and look what happened to them. #RussiaHelpingTaliban2017
Sending more armed forces into this mess isn't something to be proud of.
Are you kidding w/this?! The guy's a moron, a lunatic AND called some Nazi's "very fine people." Your moral compass needs recalibrating.
Btw…Afghanistan is unwinnable. How many years did Russia spend trying to win there? NINE. Outcome=ZERO. Dead=2MILLION civilians.
.@LindseyGrahamSC at this point
Have you already forgotten about last week?  I'm disappointed with your comments!  He's good when he says what you want to hear??
Doesn't matter what he says, he blew it. #VoteHimOut
Proud of Trump? That says how out of touch @LindseyGrahamSC is

Look who the stupid leaders are now.
You can't be proud of someone you claim to find disturbing. Grow a backbone
#Resistance #alternativefacts 
#NotMyPresident
The gloves are off, the US is planning on taking valuable minerals from Afghanistan. It's all about the $$$ for the draft dodger.
He should send all of his kids and grandkids to fight first instead of his base' #trumpgrifter #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpResign
No disrespect Senator, but if you like it I have to take a long hard look at it.
Talk about the energy pipelines, raw minerals in the soils of Afghanistan, and the neo silk road! This is not about the Taliban!
I know you have sent a lot of people to war but did you ever go yourself?
You have zero credibility. You are proud of a President who doesn't work. He doesn't read; doesn't believe science;doesn't listen and loafs.
Good freaking Gxx. Both U & @RandPaul R guilty of criticizng the President. Just get on board & help @realDonaldTrump 2 improv this Country.
The only reason he proud us now he will still get kickback from Military Complex  think how much money they going make if he ramps up war
I think we should pull our troops and then send your ass over there! 16 years over there is way to long..... Man-up!
We are NOT  proud of you. You really think Trump has a clue? What a fool.
We CANNOT afford this unless we stop paying our senators and tepresentatives.  All in favor?
And no re of our young men and women will die as a result of this strategy for another needless war.

This CANT BE BE GOOD if looooser Graham likes it! We're SCREWED!
Coward! Stand up to trump! What strategy???? Please explain.
WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE IN THIS POLICY THAN OBAMA'S SENATOR? PUT COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY SIR
Finally, you are supporting POTUS! Thank You!
You still know in your heart of hearts he's #UNFIT.  We must take back the country and our standing
If about 4k additional troops are going to resolve a problem 100k couldn't, why didn't we send these 4k in the first place?
Trump must have pics of him in the closet.
You are fooling yourself if you think the US can change Afghanistan.  The Russians, who have low morals, couldn't do it.  Soldiers first
As the old saying goes "With friends like you, who needs enemies". Watch out President Trump!
#GOPdeathSpiral add this tweet to the list.
How bout this don't like you or your President that you wanna keep giving chances to no matter how stupid
We aren't going to nation build or defeat an ideology so just say it like it is, we're there forever to prop up the military indust complex.
No one can "win" a war to defeat an ideology, an ideology can't be bombed out of existence.
Idiot.
These guys are so damn funny
Sen Graham stop with the Twitter comments
No shit!!!!  He's turning into the next Twitter fool.
How did you come to that conclusion from Trump's speech?
Yeah because Trump didn't actually say anything. Lindsey likes that though. These guys are all ridiculous hypocrites.
Trump doesn't have the personal in the State Dept to even negotiate an agreement between Pakistan and India
Shame on you Senator Graham for setting the bar so low for this president. He read a speech that showed little change in ME pollcy
The speech to no where? Of course you'd love it. Nazi
prepping us for Endless War in a place literally known as the Graveyard of Empires is bad. Read!
it saddens me and other Americans that "Let's go to war" was all he had to say to get you to heel
Trying to change the narrative... Our excuse of a president is racist. JoBs!!!
So Lindsey, you are ok sending thousands of Americans into harm's way and risking their life for approval ratings?? 
That's sick and twisted
After all the BS Donald spewed about you, pretty amusing/pathetic that you are still on your knees gurgling his tiny orange balls.
Yes, both sides they are fine people
Wow Nazi Lindsey Graham,
You now see strength in our white supremacist Nazi POS POTUS???
So Nazis and white supremacists are fine people??
If you're proud of him then you know a lot more about the commitment to Afghanistan than we do. What's the strategy to get completely out?
THANK YOU for FINALLY supporting our PRESIDENT!!!
Proud of Trump!? Why the sudden turn on a dime.  Also Trump shouldn't get accolades for random distractions. Don't sponsor his craziness!
You are an embarrassment.
You will be judged by the results of this strategy and time it takes to consider it a success. Connected at the hip with Trump. #foolsgold
Agreed, but if he's willing to put our sisters n brother soldiers in harms way, just to avoid the big imPeach, he cares not fur us
Soros ANTIFA goons. Any comment Lindsey?
Soros-Backed Activists Plan To Steal Trump’s Show In Phoenix http://trib.al/wuuAHRe  
Graveyard of Empires is not a ride at Disneyland...
