Sen. John McCain addresses the Senate a week after being diagnosed with brain cancer http://cnn.it/2h08GZ8  
The brain cancer has caused him to lose his damn mind. What's your excuse?
Well, look. It's the traitor twins!
Amazing man? more like a pile of DOG crap!! McCain wont run again and the sissy with the name Lindsey is done in SC! people hate this man!
actually a very vindictive speech by a bitter man
Apparently by your cowardly political vote YOU weren't listening.
we were listening
The Senate are time and money wasters with their own interests ahead of the American ppl. Shame that they could not over politics to fix HC.
Wish you'd take a lesson from him. How's that working together with Ds going?
It's just sad he didn't mean anything he said!!
something like "and thus, even though i just benefited from government healthcare, we cannot afford to give this to regular Americans…"?
Sorry Lindsey but majority thinks John McCain is a slimebag as we we do you we are ashamed of both of you
I second that!! And I voted for McCain for President...Couldn't and wouldn't vote for Obama!!!
#TermLimits 
#VoteThemOut
Apparently, you weren't listening.  Weak. Coward.
We all heard. It's you who are tone deaf.
And then.........he ruined his legacy.  Disgusting move by a Washington insider owned by the insurance lobby.
Kissing ass Lindsey Graham's specialty.
You both are traitors.   I hope you both are crushed in your next election.
Amazing to be so bitter and selfish not to start the ball rolling for the American people toward a better health care system!
Not such amazing man now!  So he has been lying too!
Why did Richard Nixon pardon John McCain? Tricky Dick, you gave us a bomb-thrower NOT a maverick. He takes a swipe at POTUS whenever he can.
You too , you are an amazing man , an amazing  friend !
#rino
Dude, wipe that stuff off your chin. Don't you ever get filled up on that stuff?
We hope he retires soon, he is thorn under the saddler. Adios !!!!
What about the one where he bashes Obamacare and promontory repeal?
This is on you too, Lindsey. Hope you were listening as well.
apparently you werent.
Why would he vote no???
Listening to what ,more of his lies,Did u see the couple that jumped to their dead because of ACA,They can't afford it,POS
No, not listening, McCain is in Soros pocket, he needs to retire, he might have put my son and I on the streets, can't afford Ocare, sad
Funny, he started by saying how glad he was to be back to help repeal Obamacare and then in first vote votes against repeal.  #RecallMcCain
Screw him and you. Less than 1% LOLOLOLOLOL
@MeghanMcCain @CNN Sen. Graham, We demand you support POTUS Trump. You are a Republican, start acting like one.
Yea but you're included in the tv/ radio people
Clearly he nor any other politicians care about the American people. Youre all corrupt, filthy liars who are on the take from everyone
If we are lucky he will die and agonizing death, hes earned it.
No....he is a Traitor.... Has been for years...and you know it
And a few days later...."ahhhh everything i said before..lets not count that"
I say your father gets Ocare and then pays my families premium of 26k. In fact, if he was on Ocare he would still be in the hospital!
@MeghanMcCain @CNN BOTH OF YOU NEED TO RETIRE
A pathetic speech by a useless Senator.  Why did he even come back?  Same result, nothing done.
He is despicable:(
Get a room. 
Not so much anymore ... after he screwed the American people tonight
@CNN hope you heal but go home..you aren't needed in Washington..
@CNN This Democrat listened and completely supports Sen. McCain! Thank you!
You both are horrendous people.  Your hearts are black.  You are a liar, a fraud and a sham.  Shame on BOTH OF YOU
Hope he enjoys his completely paid for healthcare while you both vote to take away ours! Hypocrites!
why don't YOU listen to the COUNTRY??!! people over party. keep the good in ACA. add to it. why is that so hard to comprehend?
It is the American voters, "The People", that guide the direction of those bombastic radio talk show hosts. You must not listen.
You old guys have been in the Congress and Senate way too long. You'd think you own the place the way you throw threats at the President.
Voted against repeal. What a disgrace
And then he screws over everyone else:
A real traitor.  Promises 7 years to REPEAL OCare yet fails to do so when it counted yesterday.

Your dad is a liar.  Sad to say but true.
Then he votes to retain a health care system that has increased the cost of premiums for voters in his state by over 100%.
I heard nothing but hypocrisy sir
Can u say grandstsnding? No one wants real bipartisanship they just want submission.
Thought Arizona was hurting d/t O care. Then votes with Dems I will send premium bills to you thanks for nothing
@MeghanMcCain @CNN and then voted in such a shameful hypocritical way not once but twice in one day.
You need to read "Rediscovering Americanism and the Tyranny of progressivism" Repeal! Let the people Replace!!
Then turned around and voted no my husband and I were hoping to have some choices and lower deductibles next year you are all fakes
yep, we were listening to talk radio all day
@SenJohnMcCain
Trump's only coherent ideology is making you mad: http://bit.ly/2tZC9Dq  


amazing man  

Hillary, ISIS thinks the same shit

2013 McCain flew to Syria he met with terrorists helped cause refugee problem !
He is compromised and should resign
Congress needs to listen
He's a goddamn loser!
Walk the talk, senators. @SenJohnMcCain
All talk, little action. He has power to revitalize descending Republican Party in substantial ways beyond speeches. Please we need good GOP
Obviously you didn't & he didn't listen to his own message because you all disagreeing w/everything the POTUS does & to h-ll w/the Amer. Ppl
We would have but he didn't want us to listen to radio or television!
Better yet why don't you all just retire and let us get someone in there that actually wants to do good for us and not line their pockets
A few of you career politicians need to get out and find a real job maybe then you would see what we the people live through
It was amazing ... but I note that you didn't send back to committee today per his suggestion.
He lied
Personally it just looked an old rhino trying to throw his weight around and after the vote today that was all he came for.
We listened to his speech - however his vote like yours sent shock waves across our nation. Keep your government insurance - screw America!
What is so amazing about lying? What is so amazing about changing vote from yes to no on repeal. He signed death warrant of my brother
Tell that to his constituents. My 34 yo brother has grade 4 glioblastoma. McCain could care less. He has better care than his voters.
But it wont mean a thing because all you selfish millionaires couldn't care less about us.  Term limts-the only way to clear your asses out
Sadly he was for repeal before he was against it
Amazing man that voted to take healthcare away from millions... hope he get better from his tax payers funded treatment.
I hope you climb out of McCains pocket soon and start thinking for yourself.
He belongs on CNN!
Great speech but not one dem listening.
We are listening and watching. And we expect solutions not excuses for the Middle Class people you represent.
Meh
Gives speech about regular order. Votes to circumvent regular order.
Easy for @SenJohnMcCain to plead for both sides to work together when he has the best healthcare in US. He has continued to support trump.
Aren't you in the Senate? Do something to show you are listening.

I'd be more amazed if he actually meant it.
I needed this speech. It gave me the much-needed reminder of what it is to feel pride in my country. THIS is American greatness.
I watch actions not words
RINO!  #DRAINTHESWAMP!!! I wish u ran in OHIO, I'd vote both your RINO asses out!
@CNN he's a failer! He's robbed the American people countless times!
But a hypocrite nonetheless
The country has been listening a complaining. It's our representative that aren't listening
I hope they were listening as well.  He makes sense.
#JohnMcCain is a #NationalDisgrace
I am an American citizen who listened carefully to the message of Sen McCain. Now I hope ALL LAWMAKERS WERE LISTENING (espec the Dems)
Amazing thing u in Do Nothing Congress don't listen 2 taxpayers u do what's best 4 yourselves & lobbyists
I respect wholly and completely his service to this country. While remembering his complete and total BIAS against our president.
Only amazing if words are followed by deeds
Frankly the speech was concerning but his vote reassured me it was all for show. He will oppose regular order and work to deliver my tax cut
We are listening but I really doubt the senate did
Would have had historical impact if he had displayed power of 1senator by voting No & returning to regular order. Wasn't statesmanlike.
No country doesn't need to. John McCain Is the Perfect American Lie | GQ
We we're listening to @SenJohnMcCain along with all the parents with children in @StJude They don't have his luxury of not worrying sir!
It was the inauguration speech he never gave
A hypocrite it's what i am seeing.
I don't even think McCain was listening.
Totally amazing...very moving I had tears in my eyes
POS was saved by OUR taxpayer $ now wants to kill others suffering same fate FUCK HIM
Followed by even more amazing hypocrisy
His speach was that they should stop listening to the people and do WTF they want for themselves
Far from that so far from that it's a shame you spoke that
Hollow words from a coward who is getting the benefit of unlimited insurance while he votes to take it from others. Cruel and deplorable
I hope you both speak out on Transgender ban.
What's amazing is that he contradicted the sentiments expressed in that speech within hours.
Democrats were not listening. The attacks on any compromise started immediately. Why haven't you demanded Hillary/Russian mine deal invest?
Beautiful speech, but we need a little less talk and a lot more action.
so honor him by doing what he implores!
I watched on C-SPAN. I am watching now. I hope that YOU, @LindseyGrahamSC ,are listening to  Senator Warren!
It's hard to collaborate with half the Senate that wants socialized medicine.
He did exactly what he said he wouldn't do. He voted the party line, not surprised at all, but BTW you didn't, THANK YOU @LindseyGrahamSC
NOPE. he should be stayed home and healed.
I watched. Then I watched as he voted for the bill after saying that he would not. He lost my lifetime of respect for him last night. 
Yes but why did he vote yes yesterday
I lost all respect for you after you voted yesterday and McCain
Tomorrow McConnell is going to have vote to make repeal ACA bill & make it LAW! Call Graham today! Tell him to vote NO!
The country was and are ashamed by the both of you. All words no action. Carrying this fake president's water. Have you no shame?
Agreed!!!
Give me a break. A load of hypocritical sanctimonious bs. From a Trump today. To think I once thought this man a hero. No more
Trump toady
Actions speak louder than words. 
I hope you were listening.  Shame on all of you for ignoring the usual procedures to take away health care.
The issue is NOT us listening to John, it is YOU listening to US!  Can you hear us yet?  You WILL Lindsey.  Sooner than you think.
Don't you hear the protesters right there in the Capitol building? And the thousands in the streets every week?
Me too.
We would love his words to become reality Senator be the one. Make your place in history. Deal w this fool as POTUS
McCain then turned around and voted with the rest of you traitors@gop. Wait until 2018- you're going down
Oh Miss Lindsey, girl, stop.
It seems that Lisa Murkowski and Collins were not listening
You have brown stuff all over your nose cupcake..
Said one RHINO to ANOTHER
Did you & Mitch
Once again he showed his hypocrisy when he voted YES after saying he wouldn't. Good thing he has fabulous health ins because he has no spine
It's a sham no one listen to it. As Republican I think the senator ladder should be replace. He thinks his way or no way.
I hope you are listening to the voters in your area. Seems like you never do. Elections are coming soon!
She must have a great big thick file on you. What on earth are you hiding?? There's got 2 b a reason you'd side w this greedy lying traitor
If only u defended our POTUS like u do HRC who obstructed justice, lied re her emails, exposed top secret Intel & then destroyed evidence.
Who then voted in favor of the awful BCRA. Shameful! #HealthCareForAll
Amen Lindsey.Amen.
If only you defended our POTUS the way you do corrupt HRC who lied to the faces of the parents of the Americans she left to die in Benghazi
And then he voted yes. He lied. Speech was hot air.
Obama & Demon Rats extinguished civility/non-partisanship w their blind greed, witch hunts, subversion & spying for which they WILL pay.
It was and then he voted yes on a bill he said he would vote no on.   Seriously??
Too bad his vote didn't live to his so called principles.
Thank you Senator Graham for voting No on HC bill. McCain was a disappointment!
Have you seen McConnell and Cornyn's tweets...don't think they were listening --SAD!
Had he only listened.
@CNN He arrives w fanfare & GOP humiliated w ACA repeal fail. Shades of another blustery McCain return to DC in 2008 eh?
I hope so, too
Guess what Lindsey, you're all cowards. @MeghanMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC
Agree , how about the amazing speech our President gave in Ohio ? Have a hard time commenting on that one ?
I am sorry he has cancer. I am glad he has the best care available I am sorry you guys do not want the REST of the people to have that care.
No. It was another act of phony rhetoric from a guy whose senate career is full of them.  He's a partisan hack, pretending not to be.
This speech made me long for the days when we trusted our legislators to work TOGETHER in our best interests. Please be part of that again.
Yes, great speech, U & john have talked the talk many times before but never walk the walk! U say right things but then vote with trump,UGH
Indeed we were!
Yes, McCain's speech was amazing.  He said he would vote no on the existing bill and then voted yes hours later.  Lack of character.
hope is not a strategy!
The best speech Ive heard since Reagan.  Well delivered and spot on. Obstruction is not a plan that advances America!
#ShameOnMcCain #Karma #VoteHimOut
