Well Good! GOP is full of fail, top to bottom - a brood of vipers.
You fail the people if your horrible does pass smdh
You be lol will nay place responsibilities on the states and ease it for Congress. It won't help the people.
Perhaps the root of the problem is that the GOP selected an idiot for their Presidential candidate? Birds of a feather flock together
It's okay, America is used to Republican congresses doing nothing.
IF YOUR BILL PASSES, IT WILL HURT MORE THAN IT HELPS. PLEASE STOP.
Duh! You is a genius.
True that. You all should lock grandstanding McCain/ Murkowski/ Collins in a room a make them sign on
Can you make up your mind? Either you stand up against trump or stand with him. Stop playing with the line.
Will you be proud to have hurt millions of Americans? Many in your State. @LindseyGrahamSC
Well said....your getting close to earning back my respect....close...not all
Explain to my daughter recovering from bowel resection surgery that her life doesn't matter! Healthcare is a right not a privilege! #ACA
#GOPe #RINOs 

#DontBlameTrump
These 4 idiots have done  everything they can to undermine #PresidentTrump When they loose control of House or Senate don't blame @POTUS 
Picture says it all
You do not care about the people of your own state
No kidding LG.  Why? How is it the GOP controlled Congress can't do anything?
Use your imagination...
... to deny health insurance to 30 million Americans.
Actually that is not a promise but is a threat
Senator Graham you need to work harder and smarter for success and less with the "sound bites". I am a SC & for you.
leave our insurance alone in light of all these disasters you would even think of pulling this s___!
You mean the bill not dead yet or the middle class and low income aren't dead yet from the lack of health insurance
Your bill will destroy Medicaid but hey you need to steal that money for your top 1 percent friends tax cuts shame on all the GOP
te vagy a legnagyobb hõs a világon #honeybeast

https://youtu.be/ZcFWLjEd5xc  #Impeach He is horrible. A horrible person. Thank you
We the people are so sick of you all!
Trying to sneak your piece of crap during these natural disasters is DESPICABLE.  Bear in mind, repeal means DEATH for millions of poeple
You failed to help the Harvey victims more important  than that dammit health bill the people don't want
Aren't you one the 17 republican Senators that voted against the Harvey relief do u like to see people suffer just kill us now smdh
Your bill is still crap block grants giving power back to the states with Medicaid doesn't guarantee healthcare for the people of that state
$800/mo plus co pays and $6000 deductible.  Can't you see that healthcare is a right not a privilege?
Work with Alexander &a Murray to craft a healthcare bill that will really help Americans. My wife can not afford $800/mo premiums.
And do away with special healthcare for Congress . Why should we not get what you do. Damn elitist mentality of Congress disgusts me
Damn t. Again, you ignore half of America. An all Republican plan. Bipartisanship is what we need. This is USA not USRepublicans
we wont forget you on election day..  out you go ...all of you .....you should pay attention to Trump's ppl..
Like there is not enough to do with stirring up that "Promise Song" again.
We need single payer. Wake up.

DUH !
just because the GOP promised to repeal the ACA doesn't mean it is good for Americans #fixobamacare
Blame Hanoi John  it's on him. always will be, u should move to Az and run for his seat. Do America a favor.
#STFU
it is simply a lie that Planned Parenthood sold baby parts. Investigated and cleared of wrongdoing.
Work out a compromise with the Dems to repair the current system.
100% right Senator
We don't need your promise. Just tweak ACA or better yet, Medicare for all.
Good. Your bill is a failure and it deserves to stay that way.
Ahhhhh A Senator Lindsey Graham RAT
The democrats have failed the American people and the republicans are trying.
True and you'll all be replaced. None of U have done 1 thing 4 the people. Only thing U're good at is criticizing the president. Real pros
So nothing new then?
No leadership from you @SenJohnMcCain or Mitch, that's for certain.
How about try to pass something that actually makes our system better, instead of some off the cuff bs?
The majority of Americans are happy with Obamacare.  There's no need to reinvent the wheel just fix Obamacare.  Give people what they want!
The GOP promised "repeal & replace" which the majority of Americans do NOT want so shouldn't the GOP re-evaluate their position?  #duh
WOW!
Passing a bad bill that hurts people is a far worse failure than passing nothing at all.
Please tell me you are going to act on an amendment to #MagniskyAct that ppl cannot be removed w/out Congress?

Yes, your asshole buddy voted against it.
If the #GOP had promised to drag an unwilling and angry America off a cliff, would you still keep the promise?
#MAGA
If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
Here's proof Americans do NOT want #Obamacare repealed.
You represent your state's constituents first, not the #GOP.
Ask *them*.
#ACA
#MAGA
@kjblackhawk @LindseyGrahamSC @weeklystandard Well they are Cult and @GOP is about what they want
Is that a news update?
If big pharma had 0 deaths then you would have a foundation to be against cannabis. News flash, that's not the case by any means.
Well please put a plan together that makes sense.
And will be replaced next election

You know, the contents of the bill are sort of important as well
Dude, we'll forgive you. Think we'd prefer to keep millions insured than for you to keep a promise.
8 years. We're talking 8 years here boys.
So pass it for the sake of passing it? Even if it fucking sucks? I know bending over for DT is now standard GOP practice but piss off.
Are you pushing your personal health care bill? Easiest to point fingers. Meanwhile, loyal GOP waiting & watching.
yeah!  Still some consolation in that Obamacare is essentially a Heritage Foundation idea?  #GOP is seriously confused!
Is it your promise to take from the vulnerable & give to the rich? Is it your promise to put fragile kids lives at risk?
This is your priority right now?  2 hurricanes and wildfires causing billions $ damage and corrupt E branch, and you want to hurt families?
They shouldn't have lied to their base about the ACA & tried to sabotage it.
Speaking of broken promises. The swamp drained yet?seems more full than it ever was thanks to you people
If y'all had approached it as Healthcare, and Not as a Giant Tax Cut, I'd listen.(for instance, "pre-existing conditions"=mandate(ish))
You all deserve it. You worked to tank the ACA from day 1. Nobody wants this. Just fix the ACA & do your job.
SURE THAT BEFORE ACHIEVING IT WILL GIVE THEM A HEART ATTACK.
Sounds like a good plan. How about working with Dems on a great universal care plan that is much better than the ACA?
The siren call of political survival.... says otherwise....
Tax cuts for the wealthy have no place in a healthcare bill...American's find it absurd.  Abolish bureaucracy of IRS & enact a flat tax!!!
Yes. And if GOP can't draft a plan that's superior,cheaper,& covers pre-existing conditions for all, as Trump boasted, then it's all a lie!
That will fit right in with the standard pattern.
Bipartisan health care bill bipartisan health care. Bipartisan paradise health  care bill. Down with ur bill.
Health care bill for everyone
Stop this bill immediately or face election lose next year and it will be on ur head. If u ruin bipartisan health care bill.
Stop beating that dead horse!!
McCain should of been left in Hanoi
Yes and the blame lies with you and your two pals McCain and McConnell
And your friend McCain was nothing but a barrier.
Keep at it.  You know better than anybody that it ain't over until it's over. You've still got time to work your magic. :)
Isn't it better not to pass anything and stop DJT from sabotaging ACA, than to pass something really bad? This is what I don't understand.
Just make your constituents proud to support you.  Don't get caught up in party BS. Both parties suck
We're all used to being failed by the GOP. Why not show leadership and support #MedicareforAll. People need healthcare. The time is NOW.
It's time you abandon GOP's empty slogan and follow the example set forth by @SenJohnMcCain
Don't mess with the Affordable Care Act, you will just make it much worse.  Universal health care is a right not a priveledge.
Your promise is the kiss of death for thousands if people. Time to work with both parties & stop your "agenda at any cost"
Don't give  us a crap  bill then. Fix what we have.
Truth be told many R never wanted to replace it! Many were just anti Obama... Sad!  And an electoral win not representative of we the people
Yeah!  Let's get it together republicans in congress!  Geez!
Give it up already. Geez
FIX ACA- don't kill it!
@TheDemocrats WHY NOT HELP MUELLER LOCK TRUMP UP LMAO
Whose fault is that? 3 weeks of vacation... u're not even ready the first day w/ text & ready for #CBO score. Now 3 weeks left...  So lame.
Dont just pass something for a political brownie point!  Every American deserves better!
Clinton paid Graham, McCain and 4 more Republicans to resist Pres Trump agendas. 

http://yournewswire.com/wikileaks-clinton-bribed-6-republicans/amp/ …
Could it be that the promise was dishonorable, and should be abandoned?
It was a promise you never should have made in the first place without a better solution @LindseyGrahamSC
Put congress on Obama%{}# and the fix will come swiftly!!!!
One can only hope
Work across the aisle and you will get a win!
If no #Trumpcare bill passes...GOP Congress will have failed to honor one of its chief promises to screw Americans.

@weeklystandard
Tell that to McCain, obviously he had his chance,
The GOP has failed the American people.
Your health care plan is DOA. NOW get busy fixing ACA and stop trying to destroy it.
You said it.
- You got this one right, Lindsey!
Yeah thanks to the senator we will leave nameless
It was your brain dead butt buddy who killed even a skinny repeal so why do you think he will do any different? Did he suddenly get a brain?
our time & $$.
or he needs to be dismissed. You all need to do the job you were hired to.do & stop wasting our tax $$s. Stop pritecting the Dems & wasting
You wanted to prevent POTUS frim furing Mueller...it is high time he is redirected to the real evidence which points to the DNC (the IT guy)
You are one of the few Republican Congressmen I respect but you are failing on your chief promise as the legislative branch by not holding..
.. the executive branch to account. I may not agree with the VP, but at least he has conviction in what he says and does. He doesn't do it..
.. for ratings or popularity. There is something inherently just wrong with @POTUS and you allow him to continue unchecked.
Can we focus on the UNITED STATES SOVEREIGNTY FIRST???!!!! https://twitter.com/thehill/status/906278497592774657 … Instead of killing Americans by leaving them w/o medical?
JUST IN: US stops surveillance of ISIS convoy at request of Russia http://hill.cm/0z1BWL6  
Shame on you. Hands off our healthcare. #SaveACA
aBAD gop HEALTHCARE BILL WILL NOT DO ANYONE ANY GOOD. dON'T YOU THINK. A FAIR MEDICARE BILL JUST MIGHT MAKE USA RIGHT
The majority want the current law to stay in place.

If your promise leads 2 MILLIONS of Americans losing Healthcare it's a promise worth breaking! You should be ashamed for pushing it!!
Ya think?
GOP Congress has already failed
What you & your GOP friends fail to mention is that NOW the people you made that promise to WANT ACA. Stop hiding behind the "promise" crap.
Keep it simple:it is the insurance product that is totally screwed up.Get rid of state boundries.Premiums drop healthier people will sign up
Repair it! So far every repeal & replace option is geared to screw Americans and benefit insurance companies. You guys think we are stupid.
Fix it and provide good health care. Don't take benefits away from those that need it most.
Rational thought leads to re-examination on of issues rather than blindly following a course of action. Get out of the bubble.
Look at the results of different courses of action. Consider evidence-based analysis and results.
Oh you failed along time ago when DJT made you his lap boy. Personal attacks on you and @SenJohnMcCain should have never been 1st sign.
So glad to see you are now well aware of the Awan spy ring in Congress!
Russell Senate Office Building: http://youtu.be/1aTAQIwfnPQ?a  via @YouTube
None of the bills you propose will help because they will do more harm than good!
You mean taking healthcare away from million of Americans who r poor?  That's your solution?
Move the *^%# along you have other things to do!  Update: people want improvements not repeals
Long time Republicans R afraid of Democrats. We need more Mike Lee's, Ted Cruz's, etc.Grow a pair or go home.There R others willing to fight
Replace old reps with tea party reps.
What you all came up with , including decimating our American safeguards put in place over 50 years ago was SHAMEFUL
You shouldn't put party before country. You weren't elected to do that so please do your job right!
You're pathetic with this pandering
More of a good thing than a bad thing since most of your #GOPConMan promises are pure BS! #UnfitToGovern #PartyOverCountry
Then make sure it goes! Your job will be on the line along with a lot others!
Sounds like the Senate (and Congress) b tree get cracking! Time to go to work.
Goo and democrats have hung everybody out to dry
The American people don't want Obamacare repealed. Time to move on from GOP's failed strategy of repeal & replace. Try bipartisanship.
Don't promise what you can't deliver. The dog finally caught the car.
Any healthcare bill that passes must be better-more affordable & accessible-for everyone, or it is wrong. The promise is for improved plan.
Why don't you join the read of the free world and give universal health care? Glad I left USA for Canada in 1976
Since the GOP has basically failed America at every turn, why would this time be different?
It's chief promise to take away health care from American citizens. Nice.
If?!?
FIX THE ACA, for God's sake, and stop with partisan politics! Is saving face more important than lives?
Don't you Republicans ever listen to the American people work on DACA SMDH
He's the chief sponsor of the Dream Act.
FFS, dude...
So, business as usual?
Because it was a bs promise based on opposition to something that was initially a Repub. idea you all were pissed a black man implemented.
I guess it's time to try working together across the isle with elected officials who also rep. Americans.
Simple solutions:
Medicaid for all
Single payer
Repair #ACA
Glad I could be of assistance.

