Gentlemen, I'm fmr USN LT, & fmr FBI Unit Chief (RMD NNCP), rptd fraud FBI vetting, then fired. Req to meet @POTUS  http://youtu.be/VTkstrUDVw8?a 
If the GOP doesn't do something after the Arpaio pardon it's dead to me.  I am OUTRAGED and APPALLED #ImpeachTrump
if you're asking for graham to help, then you must be a liberal
No.  I'm a human being.
Graham has been part of the problem for years. He is only worried about himself
I agree.
Here is what a true patriot had 2 say about pardon &  you know McCain is correct. But you don't have the honesty & strength to speak up. SAD

Linsey graham what is wrong with GOP. How can they let trump run wild . This pardon is rediculious. No respect for the law
The ban on transgender . You people are in control of House and senate . Do your job ,someone has to make trump be accountable
Next he will pardon Flynn manfort and all of his other criminals . Before they are even corrected
Not corrected convicted

How do you think transgender people in Afghanistan feel today?  If I were them I would feel betrayed by DJT.
No comments about the Phoenix sideshow? You are so inconsistent. RU good w shutting down the Govt?
Further, the only time his substance or tone are excellent is when someone has written his speech for him and he actually sticks to it!
Does he get another cookie from you for being a good boy? Come on!!!
WHY ARE OUR SOLDIERS FIGHTING TERRORISM, WHEN IT IS HERE IN .
ANTIFA=ISISbrainwashing our Kids
Oh boy.

Antifa in Sweden are planning on demolishing a statue of King Karl XII of Sweden (between 1697 - 1718).…
Trump pardoned Arpaio. One white supremist pardoning another. Hasn't he done enough to prove he should be impeached?
Trump reinforced his long history of racism w pardon of Arpaio who abused his power. POTUS didn't even follow normal procedure in doing so
All you're doing is spraying perfume on the stinking rotting white supremacist corpse that is Trump's presidency.
Mr Graham the public voted you in. you've done nothing you will be voted out next year along with all the rest that's why Trump is in office
Stop supporting him and organize his dismissal.  GOP needs to step up or be forgotten.
He is not a child but he is not a leader either.  To prop him up and try to make him appear "normal" is not the answer.  We need a leader.
No, he listens to Donald Trump!! Grow some  and get rid of him!!!
It must be hard to have to coddle president pampers.  Please put our country first... and #Impeach #ResignTrump
Worst thing we can do is add more troops. 45 only wants to take their natural resources. Seems with u, it's whatever way the wind blows.
Watch @TheDailyShow  Seriously loved how Trump delivered Obama's speech huh?  Wondering what your reaction to that same speech was Then?
Playing with us? We accept his presidency because we understand and value Democracy. He tweets his disrespect for all institutions daily.1
The issue with @POTUS is that one day he sounds presidential (teleprompter) & the next day he's over the deep end again. We deserve better.
Focus on passing his agenda! Or please just go home!
The agenda that targets overwhelmingly his 30% core supporters. How dumb can these ppl be?
Fine but how many nuclear missiles will you allow nkorea to build while we continue to fail on national security.
What about the next day??
You GOP have your new Vietnam. Check history on Afghanistan. Train them and get out.
With all due respect, Senator -- do you know how odd it is that you're telling Americans that the POTUS actually listened to his advisors?!!
Withholding judgment until the Yrump family enlists. Bone spurs are not genetic!
Then he had to renew his supremacist cred with that rambling diatribe in Phoenix. You'd think after so mane gaffes he'd learn when to shutup
@LindseyGrahamSC grateful that @POTUS will continue using our military 2 protect the poppy fields & cont #PetroDollarWar POS POLITICIANS
Remember the size 10 boots? "this is a goodbye kiss from the Iraqi people, dog,"  hurling a shoe at Mr Bush (a sign of contempt)

?
You have no credibility.  Shame
Wow I love having a president who gets praised for not acting like a raving lunatic.
I'm gonna have to go ahead and disagree with you there...
And meant NONE of it. There is a HUGE difference between "TelePrompter Trump" and "Rally Real Trump." #itmfa
What's your point ?
What about his tirade the next night against just about everything including John McCain.
Keep supporting him!!! Stop worrying about political correctness!
I will take u to the Candy Shop now.
Pick your side Lindsey, it's one way or the other. Stand up against his irrationality or be irrational with him.
Lordy, what happens when he doesn't listen to the generals?  Scary thought!
Just stop. He is a lunatic and you look like one supporting him. Every time you kiss his ass, he sees you as weak & cowardly. He feeds on it
No new content. Just more war
It was dreadful.trump read from http://prompter.bar  so low 4 t;bar 4 him is lower than whale feces in bottom of ocean.
He read a prepared speech and knows nothing about international issues, come on Senator!
To bad it's the same thing as Obamas. He lied again.
Potus is a joke. Sure, he can read off a teleprompter every now and then but his policies are hateful & ill conceived.
This is old news. The question with this guy is what has he done today. Transgender BS is just that BS. He's hateful
Good speech because he read what was given to him.  It was sandwiched between speeches that showed us his heart.  Stop elevating him.
And clearly SOMEONE ELSE WROTE HIS SPEECH. Would that could continue. How are you feeling about what a loose cannon he seems to be?
Senator, all @POTUS did was read something written by a someone else, without going bat sh*t crazy. 1st graders do this every day.
I think you know as well as we do, that he can READ a prepared speech. Problem is he still might not agree with what he just read.
They All Better Fall In Line Or There Won't Be Any Oil, Natural Gas/ Propane  & Poppy's coming out of Afghan,!. Lol. Truth is Out,!..
Then he fucked it up with the Arizona rally.
Yes it's easy when your told to only read the tele prompter. Why don't you talk about the day after.u sound like all the other phony Repubs
Yes isn't it a great day when the big man baby doesn't go full nutzoid?  And so rare.
That was Teleprompter Trump speaking
And now?
Only to be destroyed by his mocking of war hero, John McCain, especially while battling cancer. #DESPICABLE
Which is more than you have done for SC voters. We r focused on u. Support our President, or be gone. U pick
How low is your bar? For goodness sake, even a blind squirrel finds an acorn sometimes. Hold him to the highest standard...consistently.
@LindseyGrahamSC the confusion is what fuels the unrest and all the unnecessary media attention. (2/2).
But @LindseyGrahamSC, @POTUS has a branding issue. He is trying to be too much to too many and it creates confusion as to his intent. (1/2)
The problem is not with the branding; it's with the product.
And then he told his truths, which were all lies the next day.  Emperor tiny hands is a truly sick man who is unfit to lead.
Now what can you do to save milions of taxpayer $ from being wasted on the Comey & fantasy media pushed fake Russin special prosecutor?
Teleprompter. Ghost writer.
Trump has embraced supremacists, neo-nazis, KKK, exhibits extreme narcissism, has no moral compass, is screwing us for personal gain. Shame!
Then he went rogue in Arizona he is not a republican and the party should oust him
So know we know @POTUS can read from a teleprompter.  That's not how we feels, he has PURE evil in his heart
You mean the President read from the TelePrompTer (someone else's thoughts and words) and didn't make any mistakes.
Translation, he read from the teleprompter a speech written by others.
Get him out of office! You are patting him on the back for being a good boy. Ridiculous.
Give the dog a treat!
Nope #CensureTrump #Censure
It's the unspecified number of troops being put in harm's way for an unspecified objective who are stepping up to the plate, big time https://twitter.com/foxnews/status/899831073642774528 …
@POTUS is not a child!  why do you all keep praising him when he does something right?  It's his job to act this way everyday!
Please rise above the party. Many of us still think of you as moderate and independent--please don't disappoint.
Did we hear the same speech? Because I heard no plans, no details, no number of troops, no exit plan, nothing.
He has no choice. Give me a break.
You are grabbing for straws to say his speech was excellent bc he listened to generals. Sad day when listening is all there is to praise.
Yoj support the Liar-in-chief you go when he goes as we drain that swamp.
Lindsey, darlin', you've got something on your nose.
Well the tone was good but there was no substance! Only vague generalities. Sad.
 Ass
OMG I'm beginning to believe Trump when he says he's smarter than all of you. He's murdering all we stand for & you are condoning it.
I hate to tell you Sir, but America does not want this idiot as our President! Nothing he says is excellent.
Yes Gens Kelly and Mattis wrote the speech and Trump managed to deliver without nasty ad libs...this time.
Why in the world would you give POTUS any praise at all? Lindsey, do you not see what is going on here? He's a lunatic.
Plus, how is an announcement about perpetual war and sending our troops into harm's way "excellent"?
Linds - wow, you mean he acted normal for once? or, you just happen to agree with this one?
get a spine
How can you repeatedly ignore what this man has said about your good friend? Nevermind what he's doing to the country?
This is literally the bare minimum of what the POTUS's job is. It's worse than pathetic.
He read a speech someone else wrote. I could have done the same. Only better

Can you tell us the plan? In English?
Lindsey, stop. Just stop.
Being able to string coherent sentences together w/o raging or drooling on oneself is a mighty low bar for U.S. President.
Can you please explain his new strategy? His Afghan speech said a whole lot of nothing.
For how long will unstable T listen seconds,minutes,hours, days. Charlottesville,Racism,LIES, corruption not over with unstable T!  T/PUTIN
And then...............
Nice try. He's insane period
Trump was a professional reality TV performer, so reading a speech correctly shouldn't  necessitate lavish and repeated praise
Without a teleprompter we get a close look into what he really feels. Can you speak to that or ignore what he says, how often he lies?
This is like giving a 2nd grader a good noodle sticker
He read off a TelePrompTer . 
Dear @LindseyGrahamSC  Country is way past believing anything Teleprompter Trump reads. Catch up.
oh please it doesn't take away from his lunacy
Yeah, and then he went on some bizarre tangent the very next night and today.   Thanks for enabling this Lindsey.  We all appreciate it
How about that PHX "speech"?  That was sure something eh?
LINDSEY HOW FAR UP TRUMPS A** ARE YOU?!!!! This is PATHETIC! You've lost ALL of my respect! You should grow backbone like McCain! #resist
Facing your mortality changes a persons beliefs! You actually grow a soul!
translation: lindsey never met a war profiteerig opportunity he didn't like. #FakeLeadership
I guess you got another hard on thinking about all those cute boys in uniform he:ll be sending to die in Afghanistan. Just come out already.
Quit praising him and get to work with the impeachment. Do your damn job.
Bullshit. He came across as duplicitous, deceitful & a bit psychotic.
You need to listen!!!!!!!!
Then in comes one of the multiple personalities and blows the whole thing up!
One time listening does not a president make. Support your lgbt friends. Everyone knows you are gay.
Can you specifically point to the "substance" portion of the speech, please?
Nope, cause it doesn't exist. Graham is just boot licking as usual.
And this speech was identical to Obamas from 2009! @BarackObama
resign
No, he read off of a TelePrompter!
