My statement on #GrahamCassidy #RepealAndReplace 
"If anyone, then, knows the good they ought to do and doesn’t do it, it is sin for them." John 4:17.  What does this verse mean to you, sir?
What it means is that he is doing good. You lie against Christ because you did not read the bill. Shame on you.
I'll pray you never get sick
Don't bother. I'm already if Social Security age and am not going to take any money from the federal government. I don't believe in that.
Keep the government's hands off my Medicare!
Darling, that's exactly what  #GrahamCassidyBill aims to do is keep the govt's hands off your Medicare. Shifting to the states, helps
Darling, are you aware that Medicare is a Federal government program? Keeping the governments hands off it makes it disappear
Yes, darling, and moved to the STATES who can then access reinsurance to provide better care at a lower cost.
Every single person who supports this bill will be voted out. This is the WORST so called healthcare bill yet! They want to shove it through
You, like all the other negative commenters in this section, have not read the bill. You parrot hearsay lies, and thus are guilty of lying.
Bad day for average Americans.
Actually it is a good day for Americans. If you would but read the bill you would know that
VERY disappointing Senator. You clearly don't understand your own legislation or don't care about millions of currently covered individuals
Taking reliable healthcare insurance away from 25+ million people should not be seen as progress. Putting millions others at risk is worse
There are tens of millions with pre-existing conditions that will find themselves at greater risk, going forward. Great day? REALLY?
When federalism results in the broken insurance markets of days past, we don't need more federalism. We need more leadership!
We need more FREE MARKETS. What this country was made of not more socializm.
спасибо товарищу
So you're a Russian bot pretending to be an American.
This is heartless and evil.
BAD DAY FOR  SICK OR BECOME SICK  "INTENTIONAL"DONT CARE ABOUT HEALTH CARE 4 AMERICA IT'S ALL ABOUT GETTING ANYTHING PASSED GREED MUCHO SAD!
Do you even care that repealing the ACA WILL KILL PEOPLE
No he does not
You mean bad day for all the citizens whose lives will be destroyed and taken from them
Every major medical association is against this bill... they see it for the poor legislation it is.
You're going to be responsible for the death of many Americans and you don't care at all
Senator Lindsey Graham wants to kill Americans. Let that sink in.
Shame on you. You will be judged harshly for this inhumane move.
This is a reprehensible bill and you know it. You will carry the shame of sentencing millions to death & financial ruin. A shameful legacy.
YOU ARE SHAMEFUL! IF YOU REPEAL OBAMACARE WITHOUT A BETTER PLAN-WHICH THIS IS NOT- YOU ARE NOT ONLY SHAMEFUL BUT A KILLER!
DO SOMETHING RIGHT PLEASE! DO SOMETHING ALL AMERICANS CAN BENEFIT FROM!
I SAW YOU LYING ON MSNBC TODAY ABOUT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS! YOU ARE TURNING OUT TO BE NO BETTER THAN TRUMP! HAVE SOME COMPASSION SIR!
Where in federalism does it say that I have to pay your healthcare
Exactly, he's such a hypocrite a disgusting double talker
No he a greedy liar
He's all of those
He will personally have a hand in the death of so many people.
Wake up! Government is the problem not the solution! Government does NOTHING efficiently or effectively.
OK! WILL KEEP THAT IN MIND ALONG WITH YOUR ZERO FOLLOWERS!!!!!
Not into # of followers. Facts and absolute Truth are what count, but lost on many.
You make me embarrassed to be an old white lady. Shame on you!
Bad day for my son and daughter both on ACA. Not to mention their parents. You should be ashamed of yourself.
The Kochs are SO MAD at you Lindsey.  You have failed your pimps
If federalism is actually good then let California be a sanctuary state, let it have its environmental laws, let it keep its tax money
it's a bad day for americans if this passes. You have not once in your posts and tweets mentioned the american people, this being a help.
It will be the nail in your political coffins
People with pre-existing conditions do get coverage. You did not read the bill and you accused falsely.
Shame on you Senator Graham!!
Great day for greed, @LindseyGrahamSC, bad day for the sick, the poor, anyone who has health insurance (and isn't wealthy). #KillTheBill
You are nothing but Bad days.
Bad day for me, who has had breast cancer, when I no longer have preexisting conditions protection and won't be able to afford coverage.
A great day will be when WE, the voters in the state of South Carolina, unseat you in 2020 for this abomination #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Bad day for your legacy. LOL
Why would you stake your reputation on this horrible bill!
AND forever linked to Ron Johnson. Very sad.
True that...sad.
You gave interview on Brietbart, Nazi Radio? How could you? Plus,  #GrahamCassidy bill takes healthcare from Millions including Veterans!
You are a liar it does not do that. You did not read the bill and you accuse falsely.
The cap & cut of Medicaid would affect millions of seniors & those with disabilities. That group includes millions of veterans. Ergo, truth.
#GrahamCassidyBill allows insurers to charge much higher premiums for pre-existing conditions. Battle injuries/PTSD have been deemed such.
Higher premiums tend to be unaffordable to many, especially fixed budget seniors. Any reading of the #GrahamCassidyBill shows these truths.
still think so?
Great day for bribing senators, bad day for normal order #RansomCare
How can you not see that this heartless action will be political suicide in the 2018 elections?  Goodbye Lindsey
Great day for the fat cats stuffing your pockets. Bad day for the american people
Horrible days for most Americans if this passes.  Terrible.
You have no idea what the actual bill says. You merely parrot what other ignorant people also say. The bill isn't what you allege.
For some people it'll be a death sentence. As an example:
Sigh. You don't understand what you're reading. And I don't have time to explain it to you. Goodbye.
Turn in a bad paper rather than no paper when the school bell's ringing, right?Remember whose name will 4ever b attached 2 it. @SenMajLdr
Bad day for Lindsey Graham, who most am Americans view as a traitor toward them!
Boooooo
You are a tiny  not to be trusted.
I'm a libertarian South Carolinian who's always voted for you, but I have to say this Bill is garbage!!! You've lost me drafting this.
Your bill would allow my insurance company to hike my premiums to $140K for my wife's stage4 breast cancer. Is it a great day for her too?
Who wrote you a check so large you'll screw millions out of healthcare?
And yet bad day for Americans who need healthcare unless you're a backasswards 19th century GOP federally dependent assho....senator.
We want the healthcare you have, since we pay for yours, only fair.
You are a thief. You propose to take away health care from millions. How do you sleep? Two-face. The worst republican in a sea of bad repubs
You have created a scenario where I can never vote Republican.  Alienating so many of us.
We are all disgusted with you political freaks.
@LindseyGrahamSC If this passes at least I'll get a little joy out of tweeting #thankslindsey every time I'm screwed over    by this BS
If it is such great legislation, why so few hearings and vote w/out CBO score? Answer- weak attempt for you to suck up to @potus.
Why are you going to destroy lives?
Who is blackmailing you, Senator?
I had thought I liked you... Will never get my vote! Money for military and wars but we the people Want Healthcare for all! No No No
You think unaffordable premiums for cancer patients, pregnant women, autistic Americans, diabetics, etc. is a good thing? #disgusting
You can't be serious.Why would you try to hurt all these people. I always thought you were arrogant, you just proved it to me. Ignorant too!
For a short while I believed you were a decent person for a repub. True, repugnant colors are shining. Disappointed.
What is wrong with you people

No Lindsey... You know this is wrong way...
You have just re-packaged the same crap your fellow minions tried to shove through the last time & the time before that...
Larry Craig, Dennis Hastert and you, Ms. Lindsey Graham, have something in common, can't wait for the story to 'Break'.
A bad day for you @LindseyGrahamSC cruel treachery bearing your name is shameful . Enjoy your federally subsidized healthcare. #resist
You really should look up Federalism again, senator. Because it's blatantly obvious you have NO idea what you're talking about.

Jimmy Kimmel on Bill Cassidy’s Health “Care” Bill https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOlibbx5sx0&feature=share …
Fabulous day for the Koch Brothers! After all, they control the purse strings in America, right?
Way to negate your friend's impassioned speech on process and doing the things the right way. He's now a liar you malicious woodchuck
WILL YOU HAVE THE SAME HEALTHCARE PLAN AS EVERYONE ELSE OR DO YOU GET SOMETHING EXTRA SPECIAL BECAUSE YOU'RE A 1%ER?
Will you please quit slandering federalism. Making states beg for grants is nothing more than cronyism.
We the people demand that you loose your healthcare if you pass this bill
This bill is a disgrace and we the people don't want it so stop forcing it upon us
Not happening. BTW. Who's putting the money in your pocket to pass this crap bill?  You are on the take just like the Putin puppet.
@dougducey again Senator, lead by example and give up your own govt health plan. Or is DC healthcare only good for elites?
Awful for South Carolinians (and everyone else). This constituent is firmly opposed to your healthcare plan.
So, is this only about party? What happened to working for the good of all Americans. Why not just pass out poison pills to all.
This power to the states BS reminds me of Southerners defending slavery. Federalism my ass.
Bad day for people who need healthcare in the US

What do you get out of this Senator? Money, power, pride? Which child's dying makes it worthwhile? You choose and let us know.
Or is it just an Obama thing, like your buddy Trump? If it's got Obama's name on it you have to destroy it, right?
why don't you just admit you're doing this because Obama was black. there is no other reason for this #GrahamCassidy
Bad day for Americans. I am disgusted and disappointed. @SpeakerRyan @VP
No Lindsey, it is a bad day for average Americans...your bill will kill people and sadly, that will be your legacy= a greedy murderer
Bad day for Americans. Children, women, elderly, ppl with pre-existing conditions. Shame, you cruel, cruel man.
Then try having compassion and send that health care sham of a bill to the crapper. Compromise no more with the Trump regime.
Yeah..its so great to see your emphasis on repealing ObamaCare instead of providing quality healthcare. Nobody needs good healthcare

The new GOP health care repeal means premature infants could hit the lifetime cap before even leaving the hospital: http://bit.ly/2f5SotS 
Bad day for Americans who are or eventually get sick. What is wrong with you. Made the mistake of thinking you cared more about ppl than $

I used to respect @LindseyGrahamSC . Now I just think he's a heartless animal, like all Repubs. They work for us but us no respect.
You'll be receiving the same healthcare benefits, right?  And at the same cost?  Disgusting---
No better than a Nazi. Graham you are plotting the deaths of Americans. Your parents did the world a disservice bringing you into the world
Hoping you'll have a bad day in 2018. #monster
History will record that you were a liar and a traitor.
Worse day for the American people you're going to kill and bankrupt
Bad day for all Americans you are a hack....
Obamacare isn't failing, y'all are papercutting it to death.

Nobody wants #TheGraCH disease.
Voting before knowing impact is irresponsible.
It's a bad day for 30 million Americans.  Did you forget who you work for?
I'm from Arizona and I have to say that you're a monster and so is Doug Ducey. But go ahead and keep patting yourself on the back.
Is the Mandate still in place? Thats all I care about, would like to keep a tax return this year. Ty
All those guys voted on repeal before - on the shitty plan that McConnell tried to push through - not the best endorsements.

Does it hurt mentally when you lie about #ACA to push your horrible replacement? Still throws millions off health care and kills millions.
You're better than this. You know you are. Save the ACA.
I truly wish we could take away your HC. Permanently. You don't deserve it.
YOU ARE WRONG GRAHAM. Wrong side of history and wrong side of basic math.
Watch the VIDEO. Find out what is really in the bill. On @MSNBC with @JRubinBlogger
I USED 2respect u on a lot of issues standing against @realDonaldTrump but you're trumping Trump's ignorant ideology! #GrahamCassidyBill

#GreatReads: The staggering hypocrisy of Bill Cassidy and Lindsey Graham: http://bit.ly/2xkjGXg  @mattyglesias 
Not quite, SenGraham. It's a BAD DAY for working American's who can be crushed financially by the hurtful HealthCare bill you are proposing
I had hopes for you for a while, but now I see you don't stand up for the American people.
Please Mr. Graham, this is not the right path. please! You can do better.
How can you be so cruel. That's exactly what it is. Its cruel.
Worse day for all the people you are going to kill/bankrupt if your bill is passed. Massive job losses. Total disgrace!
Americans need insurance!  I bet you will still have insurance if this passes.  Repealing ACA is Bad public policy.
You are a sad man!
Sad day for my daughter, but she will grow up smart and aware. She will know and understand who you really are.
Here's what they aren't telling you. More sick people is way more costly. Less disposable income to boost economy. More bankruptcies.
Hows the cash? Rollin in dough? Have a fun day, murderer.
Having fun, murderer?
Yes anything to kill more Americans instead of the right tging, single payer is only solution but then you would not get rich right?
Looks like a really bad day for anyone with cancer.
People will die if this legislation passes.
Will see if the American people let you and the rest of the GOP thieves continue to stick it to the poor and elderly!
No, Mr. Graham, it's a bad day for America.
Can't have this! Rate of Coloradans w/o health insurance record low
CO regulator - Graham-Cassidy proposal will reverse gains
will you and all you fellow Republicans buddies have this insurance as well?  Would you want this for your family?  I bet not.
Where is the full CBO score.??..put all those number out there if it's so good..why hide it?..why a preliminary report only? Don't lie

Remember this . . . "I say to you, as you did to the least of these my brothers you did to me." Matt. 25:40. Sleep much at night?
You were selling your plan on BREITBART! I think we all know where you stand.
Shame on you Senator!
Shame on you! SC constituent here.
WRONG AGAIN
I am pretty certain doctor does not accept Federalisn for payment @LindseyGrahamSC
Bad day for Americans. Why do you hate poor people?
Bad day for Americans when you try to rip away our healthcare rights and protections. #GrahamCassidyBill is NOT what we need.
Authorizing states to take away our healthcare rights is not a solution! #GrahamCassidyBill
How do you sleep at night?
federalism is your justification?! Stop just stop cramming legislation down our throats. Esp one no normal human wants!!!
You should be ashamed. Deeply ashamed.
Bad day for Americans.
I expected better out of you.
I think this is a bad idea
Amazing you are proud of this awful bill. I thought you had Siemens integrity. Guess not. True colors.
Unless you can't afford insurance when you're done, but hey, it's a great day!
I am a single mom & Type I diabetic. Cannot afford #GCHJ. @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @susancollins @SenCapito @robportman

@dougducey : you mean a bad day for those Americans with pre-existing condition . Shame on you.
Did Trump bully you..afraid he jump in bed with Dems..you know he'll sell you out if this fail...you own it...GOP needs to go NOW!
Your crazy as Trump if you believe that..where your numbers Lindsey? why aren't you on TV telling American People your tryin to screw them?
Bad day for my lupus! Guess the GOP won't be happy till millions slowly & painfully die because they are the working poor! @realDonaldTrump
It will be a disaster. Bad day for poor, sick, old. But you don't care. At. All. Just a political hack. 2018 can't come soon enough.
Shame on all of you. I wish I could see how you explain this to reliant family members who have healthcare now because of Obamacare.
It will be so fun to see you lose your office in the next election. Byeeeee.
Look at your sheer delight over harming people with less than you. It's a proud day for the @SenateGOP #partisan #shameonyou #killthepoor
Allowing states to charge more for pre-existing conditions?  Thanks for nothing!
Someone said U HATE #Socialism? Then I ask U & UR Friends 2 NEVER use these Services-Socialism Has Improved #America
Dont 4get to give back UR Pay,#Healthcare,& #Pension,B/C U know Y? #Socialism!
Did UHC or CIGNA offer you a job <bribe> or something? The cuts you propose show true hate for America.
Under this bill, people with metastatic cancer will pay $142,650 more a year to get coverage.

That is not reform. That is a death sentence.
Big health insurance and pharma is deciding our HC!!! Single payer would be better than none at all! HC is a right, not a commodity!
What have you done to lower cost of health? NOTHING. Only trying to attack insurance. Fix real problem and cost of insurance goes down.
