Trump's sabotage of Obamacare, you mean? Your failed attempts to cause more needless suffering with your own horrible bills?
He threw out a life boat until help arrives. The Dems also had the last five years to prevent this, and let it fall apart and now have ideas
He saw holes in the roof and gutters full of leaves and set the house on fire with kids inside to "fix" it. Then swore he found it that way.
You have to face the truth sooner or later and begin by thinking for yourself.
I'm not the one parroting Trump's talking points. I watched the ACA be debated and passed live. I have watched the GOP sabotage it love, too
I'm not either, I just watch Obama lie and pass failed junk to another apes.
Obama just created havoc around the world, tripled the natl debt, now Pres Trump has to fix all of his chaos and weaknesses
If he's trying to fix it, why is he supporting "tax reform" that will explode the deficit to new heights, exactly?
Babysitting shift is over huh? Turns out Russian attorney is kremlin stooge. Oh and donnie laundered money via trump tower and manafort knew
We don't want reps in office that r more concerned about reelection then standing 4 what's right. Unite against White House Bully!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC has SOLD OUT HIS INTEGRITY & IS NOW ON THE WRONG SIDE of HISTORY! HE WILL ROT IN HELL WITH THE REST OF THE COMPLICIT @GOP !
Everyone has tuned you out
Nope. No way. Don’t watch Faux News Network!!
Speaking with foxfakenews
You have failed us. Thought you were one of the good guys. I was wrong. Tired of the divisiveness of which you, the GOP & @POTUS is apart of
Ocare isn’t failing @realDonaldTrump is sabotaging it. The rest of the world is ok with Iran deal except Trump. We are not the worlds ref
Wow Senator!  You must be very worried about your job. You have really changed your tune. Man up and grow back a pair!  SC pay attention!!
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @WhiteHouse @GOP ONLY FAILURE IS THIS HATER IN CHIEF YOU HAVE STOP HIS MADNESS ON HELATHCARE SAVE OBAMACARE
.”Obamacare” did not die. Republicans murdered it. And all of you know it.
Senator - please read your replies and rethink your life path. Thank you.
Not to mention he wouldn't defend his dear friend, Sen McCain
#makingamericagreatagain . Brought to you by a @POTUS support er who is thrilled to see Obamacare tanking! 
You =an unpatriotic man who cares more about his own political career than about doing what is right for the country and your constituents.
You are at fault for any failure of Obama care. The Republican party has done nothing but hack away at it from the beginning. Your fault!
Time for Republicans to work with Dems. Continued failure will help Bannon & Trump replace Republicans with Trumpians in 2018.
I would really hate to see Congress become a permanent part of Trumpworld!
You & your golf buddy killing the obamacare & then calling it failure?? Don’t you hate yourself???
You mean @realDonaldTrump's sabotage of Healthcare. Obamacare does not exist, there is only Trump/GOPCare. He broke it, you bought it. SAD!
For a little golf you're now all in? Obamacare is failing because of you, @GOP and 45. Tax breaks? 1%ers get that. Iran deal? Please.
#makingamericagreatagain . Brought to you by a @POTUS support er who is thrilled to see Obamacare tanking! 
You can't call it a failure when you actively smash it.
Please stop the subtle  racists signals to your people. AFFORDABLE CARE ACT, much less ethnic, not nearly as scary to your racist followers
Thank God you finally got on board with our Pres. DJT agenda.  What took you so long?

Please support the President more.
What makes them failures?? It doesn't give u more money??? What about ur healthcare bill???? Sad!
What's a day without me telling you to GFY.
Do your job! Stop yakking and get to work!
Is it just me or has the pressure from his constituency her in SC caused Lindsey Graham to distance himself from the RINO John McCain?
You fail
Too bad you are NOT the man that your friend John McCain is.
ITS NOT OBAMACARE any longer.
If I wanted to watch state run PROPAGANDA lies I’ll tune in to ur RUSSIA backed GOP talk. LIES on FOX we hear from GOP mouth daily
And I'll be speaking with my MOCs @NitaLowey @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand about impeachment proceedings.
You are capable of pulling the rogue gop members together pls do it
So you have a fruitful day golfibg with @POTUS and now ypur ready to let people die. Good to know ypur priorities.
Try being truthful and realistic for once.
Obamacare is not failing Trump and the GOP are! That is what’s failing here!
Lindsey was spoken with passion and truth Great Job
Get it right, you are cutting taxes for 1% of America namely Donald Trump, his cronies, and the millionaires in Congress.
Traitor
Your failure,  @LindseyGrahamSC, 
And trump's vendetta against Obama.
Really disappointed in you, Lindsey. Picking party over country. For awhile you seemed like you were going to be more honorable than that.
I hope you are going to explain how the ACA is being sabotaged by Trump and the GOP.
Americans are not stupid they know u guys are doing this on purpose killing Americans fun? Thought u had balls dude now ur bending over
You are helping run the country into the ground
How about quit talking and Do something to make it better.
Worst president ever
You are the real failure
Are you going to denounce Trump today for his comments about Pence and hanging gays?
In just a few minutes Lindsey reveals he’s a Trump Patsy and he could care less about Americans.
The ACA it's not the failure. You're despicable actions in taking away healthcare is the failure.
Failure of Obama care caused by the orange baboon in the white house...while you clutch your pearls Rome is burning
You are a disaster a con a FRAUD n most of all a COWARD
How stupid do you take us for? All the @GOP and @realDonaldTrump know how to do is lie.
Why not speak on the failures of this current administration.   I can't believe you still kiss up to this clown.
Delusional
Why u bringing up the past? Think about the future! Make it better or step aside.
You mean "spectacular success of Obamacare," right?
You have been bought off.  Changing what you support it makes it obvious. Sad 
It’s not Obamacare anymore.  It’s officially #GOPsponsoredtrumpcare
Not a chance - anymore fake golf scores that you want to report?
@LindseyGrahamSC did you & @realDonaldTrump talk about your man crush's on Barack when ya golfed? what's it like 2 be 1/10th the man of BO?!
Sounds like you’re drinking the orange koolaid
Complicit
Glad you are on Fox. Please stay on Fox. Fox viewers love you. Trump, Hannity and Graham, The Three Fox Stooges!  Keep ‘em laughing!
Get it together @LindseyGrahamSC
Yes, Just look at people think of you! You've sold out.
Failure? Oh, Lindsey. You really do think we are stupid. You think we don’t see the aggressively malignant actions you, 45 & GOP have taken?
You are a chameleon and not in a good way.
sad that you should turn on your friend in his hour of need. U suck looks like U R sucking up to his number one enemy
Failure of Republicans.  Killing people for political points.  Shameful.
You have lost me.  Reelection is not worth your soul.
Read your responses.
Failure? Try sabotage. That a far more truthful description.
useless
#Trumpcare now
Every time they mention @McCain on tv you cry. Then you suck up to the guy attacking and making fun of McCain. Dude grow a pair!
You mean the Push to make it fail at all cost, starting by cut to #ACA subsidies ..NO matter who suffers? Instead of trying to Fix it?
Do you meant the sabotage of Obamacare?
Enough with Fox News. Sheesh. Are you afraid of real journalists or something? And by the way, stop lying about this stuff.
You’re sounding more Trumpian every day. I could swear this was one of his tweets. This is not a compliment.
Good to see your expertise on failure isn't going to waste.
I hope he also discusses the failures of @GOP & @POTUS in doing anything good for the American people & not just special interests!
Suck up!
Lindsey has screwed the dog so much lately, he doesn't have much influence!
!
I really like you. I wish U would talk more about the plans you have rather than simply putting others & thier plans down.
You’ve sold your soul. Sleep well.
Warmongering puppet
You are a failure, Senator. All you do is continue to support the worst POTUS ever.
So disappointed in you. You have turned your back on any fairness to your country.
Grab ur pearls, lifelong bachelor.   tRump sabotaged healthcare.  Tanks for the Democratic Seats!
You love the limelight almost as much as your new best buddy @realDonaldTrump! Used to think you were funny but now I think you are a clown.
The failure of @realDonaldTrump ?!?! Yes!!!
What had happened to you???
What has happened to you???
You’ve truly  sold your soul.
Tune in to lies?!  Trump today claimed he killed ACA.  Iran is sticking to deal. Only failures are of you and trump morals
TRUMPCARE WILL FAIL TOO, AND THAT IS ON YOU! 
DIFFEFENCE?
OBAMACARE SAVED LIVES, COST MONEY
TRUMPCARE WILL KILL, COST MORE MONEY
GOP SHAME!!
Correction!
Failure of GOP to fix obamacare!
How can John McCain be your friend? My fear is that great man will die before trump is ousted!
Dude your a joke and need to start looking for a new job.
Ur becoming the failure!Honor our Constitution!Not a moronic,white nationalist racist supremacist government!This is all very sad&dangerous.
Not sure you should brag about denying healthcare to your base
You spelled "The Republican sabotage of the Affordable Care Act" wrong
You mean sabotage
I’m interested really. How do you sleep at night knowing you only care about getting money from your donors. Your constituents?  Fuck them.
C'mon Senator Graham.  You have a unique timeframe and ability to lead.  Now is not the time to sell out.
How about talking about your failure as a human being?
.  Linsy go back to your closet girl.
Sell out!
You are culpable in hurting millions of Americans
thanks anyway
How dare she put call it failure! Call it what it is, sabotage by the traitor in the WH,  you are a failure
Go right to the fake news channel, they will be sure to spin it the your way. Obamacare needed tweaks it was not dead until you sabotaged it
Hide your face in shame.
Let's hear about your failure to serve all Americans
Lindsey, I thought you were more intelligent!
We pay $750,000,000,000/year in Health Insurance premiums for advertising,  lobbying,  exec pay and shareholders BEFORE healthCARE!  Dumdums
Thank you for making it easy to hate you again.
So in a few minutes, we can count on you to blow hot air.
Cold, heartless and greedy
How about the failure of Linsey Graham to care for his constituents?
In SC-clearly your objectives don't support your constituents.  Real Christians don't sell their soul, they save them!
You should be ashamed of yourself. Can you sleep well at night knowing how much suffrage your actions causes people?!?
You still pushing your dumb idea of improving health care by taking it away from 20 million people in exchange for tax cuts for wealthy?
The GOP now owns Trump care.
How about the sabotage of Obamacare?  We will remember what you have done.
So now pretty much you are exactly like Trump you only go on Fox News and you talk s*** and 99% are lies.
What has happened to Lindsey Graham? What alien has taken over his body?
You broke healthcare you bought it
*sabotage of Obamacare. How's it feel to have sold your soul to the devil?
Tell me..what did it cost to sell your soul..to the Spawn of Satan..nice to see you have new knee pads for your child King..live with it
No thanks! All Faux news. I’m kinda disappointed in you
But still nothing on American soldiers killed in Niger, or how about the failure to help Americans in PR. Also how about deadly Cali fires?

DAMN MAN.  LET IT GO.
@POTUS' actions and your support of it is Despicable & devastates millions of Americans. Fix ACA. Don’t destroy. Stop this madness!
Fox again Senator.???.preach to your Trump choir and a few Nazi supporters
I'll TUNE IN when you grow a spine! What's the matter with you?
Trump is the failure and you're following close behind!
Stop kissing ass.
I see you are in your Mr Hyde phase!
I don’t have any problem with Obamacare you sir have a problem because you’re simply racist and want to remove his name
Both parties are failing us!
Donate and help me fund opposition to Trumps agenda and people
Lapdog
You sold your sole Lindsey. Very disappointed!
You and he GOP caused it to fail.  All of you should be a shame
It's a failure because GOP sabotage and failure to work across the aisle to fix.
Br careful, #lindsey. Too much Fox can have you talking like #Hannity!
Nose so far up .... trump sucks
You want great healthcare for all Americans...oh wait you and your Republican friends sabotaged Obamacare instead of fixing it.  Hypocrite!
Fox News perfect place for you!
You and your party is the reason for the failure.
Failure of Obamacare bcuz you goofs are undermining it as best you can
People suffering beyond measure in Puerto Rico, the families of dead soldiers need consolation & you play golf twice with Trump/Shame On YOU
No sir, you have to tune in to what is really going on in this administration! The @GOP is become a fucken joke @realDonaldTrump
How do you sleep at night? You had the chance to be a patriot, a protector of the people. You chose to play golf
Of course you are.
Lindsay, you are useless to the people you represent.  Stop your whining, your lying and self promotion. Retire like a nice old woman
Look in the mirror when you talk about failure.
Who can figure out what you stand for?
Don't you dare lie about the ACA on television especially on that shady Fox News. Trump is sabotaging it. I can read fact checking, can you?
The @GOP #RepealAndReplace was a failure. We should strive to do better than #Obamacare, but you have no better alternatives to offer.
It would help if @GOP And @realDonaldTrump would stop sabotaging ACA...which you well know is a violation of the Constitution
Trump killed it so it’s trumpcare now. Be a hero and fix things, Lindsey.
If your a conservative you don’t need a CBO score to pass a bad bill and screw to Americans 

I thought Graham was a stand up guy sad
These things will only fail if self centered stupid people force it
Did you assume the position on AF1, Little Lindsey?
It’s Trumpcare now, buddy.
No thanks! Believe I'll pass!
U wanna talk failure, look at the moron in chief that u all enable while he destroys the middle class and the poor while helping the rich
Obamacare is not failing Trump singlehandedly fucked it up with his EO. Not to mention your crap bill that also failed.
You fail to understand that pulling plug on Obamacare makes it the failure of Trumpcare.  Pottery Barn rule - You break it, you bought it
You can have him, darlin'.
What a betrayal to your friend John McCain playing golf with Trump. Frankly offensive to those of us thought you had character.

Your nose is turning brown.
Trump is literally unbelievable as are you and your friends by association
Sen Graham, the ACA was working before trump stopped the payment to insurance companies. SC residents will pay through their nose. BC/BS
Hope you lose your next election. #NoRespect #CountryFirstPartySecond
News flash - It no longer is Obamacare; It is now and forever more 'TRUMPCARE', you guys explain the crap you just put on the American public.
Obamacare's only failed bc the @Gop is strangling it. Stop repeal & instead fix you morons.
Ugh. The ACA is failing because of Trump and GOP.
stop fucking lying about ACA failing? it never was failing, it was GOP's maneuver to unravel a lgegacy..and now folks will surely suffer...
You are a fraud.
Linsey, ask yourself if you lost a loved one in the military, would you want a call or letter from Trump where he talks about his wins?
Just when I thought u were a human being u go back to being a republican
real failure is better exemplified in your presidential campaign of 2016. Your campaign manager didn't pick up the zeitgeist & ran 2008 show
Own your part in this, you mealy mouthed twit.
