Awaiting announcement you will give up your current health insurance & get ins. that the state of SC offers under your bill. #SCB4CNN
I really thought so much better of you. This bill is a disgrace and a danger.
Shame on you, you are a traitor!  RU proud of police taking people in wheelchairs out of the hearing?  Despicable!!!
can't wait!  shame on you @LindseyGrahamSC! 
#DoNoHarm
1/2 of applicants either fail or refuse to take mandatory pre-employment drug screens
Here's the healthcare problem
https://twitter.com/MEPFuller/status/912380145121538049 … @votevets @robreiner
Wow. 
Shame on you @LindseyGrahamSC. We will not forget.
Go out in the hall and see what your bill will do.  Listen to these people !
"First, do no harm." How can you look at yourself in the mirror?
Have to remove the handicapped 1st so they do not hear how this bill impacts them?  Shame on you, @GOP & racist @POTUS. @CNN @MSNBC @nytimes
Good turnout- by people whose lives you're set to ruin by trying to turn health care access a decade backward amidst spiraling costs.
Not much of a man Lindsay. Picking on the weakest among us. Disgraceful. You should be ashamed
I suggest you task the Chief Actuary to determine what premiums would be if Medicare were enlarged to include 50 & up as a 1st step....
The benefits could be a healthier population on Medicare.The premiums would likely be less than open market & may actually support Medicaid!
Mr. Graham when did you sell out to President Trump?  U want to allow 1000's of folks in SC to be thrown off healthcare? Where is your soul?
The Koch bros. own it, ask them
How many millions of American will be hurt when the US files bankruptcy? Congress is entirely responsible!!!
1st 11 months of fiscal 2017, the Treasury still ran a deficit of $673,711,000,000 = $1.396M debt every minute
We need a simplified veto to end Congressional spending. You obviously have no self-control or desire to be fiscally responsible.
Someday,I'd like to hear how Congress retirement accts have been cleaned out, benefits lost & they're sent to prison to finish their life.
we explore the space when we cannot afford to give healthcare to all Americans.
we are very poor when we see the quality of our politicians.
You are one sorry excuse for a senator.
This bill is a life or death issue for many and many in the #GOP are trying to rush it through for purely political reasons. SHAME.
Shame on you. You were one of the good ones. Now you're just another liar.
You are trying to kill people with this bill.  Shame on you.

Are you totaling up the $$ taken from the middle class and poor to give to the rich?
@frostpixie5 how dare u? U make me sick. #Truth
Are you going to bring shame on America by taking healthcare away from Americans. the world is watching us.
Lol. You have become such a joke. A once proud senator pushing a complete sham to please big donors.
How'd that go?
@SenJohnMcCain A True American Patriot, America Could Use More Like Senator McCain In the Congress At This Critical Time! #senatorcitizens
This is what Americans think most of you do every day. Whoring out the votes for money.
Constant unethical criminal behavior unchecked.

When is the part where you have a viable plan for the healthcare of your constituents? Stop pandering and put in the work.
Still time to come to your senses and do the right thing -- return to regular order to improve healthcare for all Americans.
I'm watching the wonderful protestors frightened that you'll take aware their healthcare.
Senate Republican Health Care Proposal; @CSPAN 2 Live Coverage Sen.Lindsey GRAHAM.of South Carolina
While you once again arrest fellow Americans in wheelchairs. Disgraceful
Thanks for the link! Hearing the live protests at they happen!
Lindsey, Lindsey, Lindsey.

Bribing states to essentially keep ACA? You really think this is good for most Americans?
Big mess in the hall outside that meeting room lots of disabled want to hear what's happening to their healthcare. Who knew ????
We'll be watching you're despicable presentations of a despicable attack on Americans! #DespicableGraham #DespicableCassidy #KillTheBill
Keep your promises that you were elected on!  Repeal and Replace. Ppl are suffering!
This is not helping anyone. Travesty Senator. Sad 
The best of luck in destroying the lives of millions of people. The majority of people do not agree with your approach but you don’t care.
Let's take away all your money! You live on 3000.00 a month, you still have all your bills. How will you afford insurance? Oh for got kids!!
You would vote no!!! You rather lick trumps big toe than come up with something better. The elderly an low income are having trouble now

Praying some of these useless congress and senate will open their eyes and do what's right for their constituents who voted for them.
#KillTheBill
I see a hallway full of protesters. It doesn't seem they support the #GrahamCassidyBill
I want to know if the bill exempts members of Congress...and if you will retain your current,  cushy healthcare plans...
#noGrahamCassidy   #keepACA
#ShameONYOU #VoteNoGrahamCassidy Bribing holdouts. SEND IMMEDIATE AID TO PR. PPL R DYING. NO POTUS visit 4 nonvoters +brown so guess=Mexican
Please for the sake of the country, let it die quickly!
Hey @SenateFinance https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/9/22/16349470/polling-graham-cassidy-not-good …  #GrahamCassidyNO This is a terrible proposal. ALL experts agree!
Best of Bad Luck
With all due respect - VOTE NO on the #GrahamCassidyBill
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
No one wants KochCare ,it kills.
#kochcarekills
You should be ashamed of yourself Lindsey. Owned by Koch Brothers. SAD. 

#LINDSEYSOLDOUT
Have you given your intern a raise yet? This bill sucks bigly.
You’re not passing your shitty bill, terrorist.
This suggests you stacked the room with your supporters and denied seats to the actual public.

Don't waste your time it and U!
Protect children!! #GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
