@FBI There is no doubt about. Comey will lie of course and say Trump tried to obstruct. He's part of the deep state. Hope Trump has tapes.
Let's think about this. How many documented lies do we know of from Comey? And from Trump?
wow and we thought at least on this, you hadn't sold your soul, but guess not.
They have all sold their souls and will all go down right along with DJT. Not a patriot in the bunch
sadly true though I though LG might be turning around. Seemingly not.  @Emma_Dumain @LindseyGrahamSC
I thought he was too but this statement sure didn't sound like he saw the light.
agreed 100% @Emma_Dumain @LindseyGrahamSC
Watch your back with Mccain
Lindsey Graham out here...
I can only pray its a food knee cap
If telling the truth is a hit job!!!?? 
Typical sycophant!!
Guess what this meeting occurred three days after the FBI cleared Flynn. Besides that Trump has a right to ask as he is his boss.
I don't think u have educated urself on proper protocol. He shouldn't have asked FBI if he was being invest. & as pp asked, why ask 3 times?
Have some integrity! Comey is a man of principle, unlike our president. Heard no complaints from you when he gave testimony about Clinton.
Telling the truth is never a hit job. It just might look like one because the truth is so damning.
Graham and @GOP are a joke..
The only answer is that @DevinNunes is doing stiff w blessing of @SpeakerRyan ,else he would've been removed as chair of @HouseIntelComm
shameful
He sound stupid the truth is not a hit job these white republican men are deplorable as hell
Or it could be an articulate factual testimony that "hits" @realDonaldTrump right out of the White House !
You afraid there'll be some fallout that might hit you on the way down?
Well bring on the hit! We putting the good Ole boys out of business
Lindsay Graham always wants to have it both ways. That never works. Be a Patriot!
We thought you could see through Trump. You think it's ok for him to fire Comey? Go on Tv and lie about it and tell Rus. he's a real nut job
Hit job! Really? Back when this all started, really thought you'd pick country over party. Turns out you're as bad as McConnell. Shame.
Don't see how Comey gets out this w/o invest. on him.Knew Trump being spied on.When Trump Tweeted being W. tap, Comey told justice to deny??
Koch brothers,Mercers and others control Graham
SO be it let the TRUTH be KNOWN and REVEALED!!!! #ImpeachTrump
Don't u wish? U have been out 2 get Trump since ur failed Presidential bid. Must have stung really bad 4 u 2 still b reeling from it. Truth!
Graham you have sold out! This won't work at well for you.
I hear the Lord is protecting Trump, I'm not worried in the least!
Scared much?
Americans hope so!!!!
The truth can be so inconvenient.
Are you afraid of the truth? Truth is not a "hit Job" . Or are you suggesting Comey will perjure himself?
@FBI is probably investigating @LindseyGrahamSC for ties to the Kremlin
Don’t be a sellout… be a hero and stand up for our country and for the people. Have some bravery and honor!!!
Many GOP traitors are in deep SH*T. As much as you an McCain try to be patriots,you guys talk but never walk the walk.
Graham...you better tighten your seatbelt. Major GOP train wreck coming.
It will be the truth no matter if it is a hit job!! Trump is pathological liar. Not believable, ever!!! Liar & cheater!!
......We should question Lindsey's credibility.
and/or criminal actions by Trump. We know the real reason Trump fired Comey...after first lying to country about it.Trump admitted it .....
Not our fault that Trump is the enemy of the truth. He's very scared that Comey will say something that will reveal impeachable...
Lindsey is trying to lower Comey's credibility bar because we all know that there are NUMEROUS examples of Trump outright lying...
And?
Not buying that. You know he is being blackmailed by Putin. G'head, tow that party line, Lindsey. Headed for a cliff, though.
The facts are the facts, traitor.
Hit job on trump or you & the rest of traitors in the GOP that #GladlyObeyPutin .Putin acknowledged the hacking was done by Russian patriots
The problem w @LindseyGrahamSC is that he talks out of both sides of his mouth, right, @GOP ...sorry my bad, that's what they do. #maRUSSIAN
I hope that the hearing with be the truth. Which the USA needs, not more runarounds by POTUS and his staff.  The truth would be refreshing.
Now you worry about Trump ? Strange. Both you and John were enemies of POTUS since election up until now.What changed your mind?
Are you fucking kidding me, Lindsey?  How much were you offered to go against your country?
There is no point in continuing to defend the indefensible.  Time to jump ship or sink, Lindsey!
Wow he drank the koolaid. #voteout
Or it could be the truth.
What an old windbag. The country is so desperate to get this horrible Trump admin out, no one would DARE be unethical, can't afford snafus!!
So far it's been a hit job on Comey by Trump..

You mean truth hurts???????????
It will not be a hit job if it is the truth, Senator Graham. I very much doubt that he's just "making all this up" for laughs.
When the FBI Director's testimony is a "hit job" on the president, the president is a fucking criminal
That's because he's a Trump lackey like the rest of the GOP.
Only a hit job if there's something to hit.  Do you know something we don't know?
So the problem is....?
Why he will be honest and that's why?
Oh for fucks sake, @LindseyGrahamSC , he'll be under oath. He's a man with integrity and respect for law. Truth sometimes hurts.
.@LindseyGrahamSC there must be some dirt on you in #TrumpRussia. You're a #FakePatriot just like the rest of the #GOP

And what has @LindseyGrahamSC done for the US. Flip flop like a fish.  
GOP is dead. Enjoy your last inhumane hurrah.
This is his warning to Trump to shut it down! FU, Lindsey!
This is the same Senator that couldn't get his lips off Donnie's ass over the #ParisClimateDeal I think he's as crazy as #cheetoJesus
Usually how the truth works when someone has been lying.
That's what we are hoping for!
Fingers crossed!
A hit job? Meaning the truth will finally come out about how corrupt the "president" really is? Yes please. 
#LetComeySpeak 
#TrumpGate
The whole Russian collusion narrative has been a hit job on the Dems' part. It's about time a GOPer stands up to the Dems' bullshit.
Oh, come on!!!
Lindsey sounds like trump has won him over.  Too bad
It is such a DISAPPOINTMENT that you have become " @realDonaldTrump YES MAN" instead of trying to get to the TRUTH!
At least @SenJohnMcCain still has his Morals & doesn't want to allow Russia & #Putin to have their way!
How about YOU?!
The truth is never a hit job.
the truth does hurt
stop it @LindseyGrahamSC you've had too much koolaid and you've lost all credibility.....and our confidence. you will go down with trump.
If so Comey will look small and vindictive.
Good.
.Get him out of office. The man is a buffoon and a menace.
truth hurts!
Interesting choice of words. He is part of comrade Drumph's mafia. Complicit
Should be important for a member of the Senate Intelligence CMTE to keep an open mind & not have preconceived ideas, right @LindseyGrahamSC
Et tu colonel? Or is that just the price of admission at FOX?
It's not a hit job if it's true. Just b/c you don't like the truth doesn't make it a hit job.
And we thought you "wanted the truth" and "were going to get to the bottom of this". ???
Lol the truth might be a hit job?
U r a smart man @LindseyGrahamSC. Stop w the partisanship.Whatever happens w Comey is a stain on ur party.U know that. #RussiaInvestigation
@LindseyGrahamSC is choosing to be on the wrong side of history. He's failing our country by not taking Russia's WH infiltration seriously.
Bullshit. Graham is finally doing what he should have been doing. Calling bullshit on Dems' fake Russian collusion narrative.
He doesn't think Comey is trustworthy or reliable?
Lindsey has gone full treason. Party of Putin.
Not treasonous. Just pathetic partisan hack.
who's paying the bloody Nixonite?
If the truth creates a "hit job", then that's OK.
It's only a hit job if it's not true.
Or it may just reveal the truth. Isn't that what the American people deserve, whether it favors the President or not?
Rather slow to the party Senator Graham, as most Americans figured out long ago that the FBI, DOJ and NSA were colluding against Trump.
Why would @LindseyGrahamSC say this? There is either evidence of collusion or not. If Trump did nothing wrong, what's the issue?
If you mean the truth then yes.
They are both disgraceful. What hit job? The truth? Lack of morals and integrity on full display.
You never retweet how we all think you're a spineless water carrier for the Trump admin.
Exactly! He supports Trump before US. He suddenly changed course 2 months ago! Why? 
The real hit job is Trump & pets on US!
Aren't you up for reelection soon? The people are watching you. ALL of you.
How can that be senator if he tells the truth?   He is doing something non of the other GOP members have been willing to do.
If the truth is a hit job, so be it.
It better be...but only because it is the truth.
One can only hope
