This has taken much too long. Is there anyone who didn't know the outcome once we knew who the candidate was?
No. Not at all. You didn't even hold one hearing for Gorsuch. You are wildly hypocritical.
I think you mean Garland.
Two G names is clearly too much for me to handle 
Thank you Senator
You and McCain need to stop your grandstanding BS. You're both out. Done.
Good !
LINDSEY ALWAYS "MANS UP" AFTER THE MEN HAVE FINISHED, IF YA KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
Potus sends tomahawk msg to Assad and the world!!!
How can you stand by and let this happen to our country?
Hey. Remember that time when the last guy appointed a justice and you all just like...ignored him? Good times.
Remember the Joe Biden rule?
U mean this speech suggesting that *if* a vacancy occurred during last 6mo of 1992 election cycle that the nom wait til after Election Day?
That's right! #confirmgorsuch
No Supreme Court candidate has been confirmed in an election year since 1940. Oh and on the impeachment deal. Good luck on that one sport.
Thank you for having a level head on this.  The DEMs need to move on just as we did in 08.
Give us a nominee that is fair on women's issues, please.
Define fair?
gonna haunt you......and it's gonna hurt.
Your party doesn't care about the quality of life of the rest of us, just securing more power to tell us how to live. Gorsuch is bad 4 USA.
Whatever it takes?  You mean, of course, kissing democracy goodbye?  Well, you got what you wanted, but at what cost? #Shame!
Respectfully, sir, this is bullshit. ~90 Obama judicial nominees were filibustered by GOP before they went nuclear. Garland deserved a vote.
If the demos don't want to govern then go on without them.
I couldn't have said it better.
Thank you for confirming you have no actual principles. It makes it easier to never pay attention to your empty words again.
He's not such an exceptional candidate as to call for end to 230 year Senate tradition.
Put democracy/country over party; history will judge
Coward.
This is shameful.  I had hopes that you were better than this.  Sorry that you're my senator.
Can not wait , god bless you and save our constitutional rights !!!
Right on POTUS
By changing the rules? My five-year old tries to do that playing Old Maid. 

Try governing.
It's about time we get rid of @GOP representatives who ignore the will of the voters. #Gerrymandering
The end dies not justify the means. We learned that as children.
Where were you when Merrick Garland was being denied?  Not even a hearing. Hypocrite. Partisan hypocrite.
You spoke of the long-term damage to the Senate of using the "nuclear option" to push Gorsuch through but voted to use it anyway. Pathetic!
Pretty sick remark for an elected official that is suppose to represent the people of this country. Just shows how unfair you really are.
Thank you Mr. Graham!
Destroying the two party system?!?!?
Be mindful of your re-election prospects Senator. #Resist
You could have chosen a moderate, like Garland. When the Senate flips, the @GOP will regret this.
I guess "TREASON" is on the "Republicans List" on doing "WHATEVER IT TAKES"!!!! Republicans will pay for it at the "POLLS" for years. THANKS
@newtgingrich @thestate
Foxnews part of a foreign owned entertainment co. founded 1979. NYTimes&WashingtonPost 100+years USownership. Which to trust? Not fox
Yes!!!!!!!!
That is why we are where we are. Whatever it takes. #federalist10
Please talk to Sen McCain!!!
Change how the senate works to force through an appointee of a sitting president under serious FBI investigation. History won't forget.
The war must be waged to be won or go home.  Democrats have prevailed and perverted the system for far too long.
Pathetic Democrat WHINERS got NUKED by the GOP over Gorsuch! Good job GOP! Steamroll over the Washington troublemakers! #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
Treasonous POS
@newtgingrich @thestate and if we can't get the votes we change the rules just like children!!  #shameful
Great.  UNMASKING: Pls be aggressive against the lying Dems. Dems are noisy. Republicans can be Right and Tough. Don't give way on unmasking
Meaning you have, and will, break the law. Typical Treasonous GOP
Ugh....Lindsey Graham. At least he does something good every great now and then.
@TimBelcher44 @thestate yeah screw the country and do what u need to do for the party just remember in 2 years karma
The fact that Trump is under investigation is no big deal, right? If u can't understand the American people's outrage about this, shame on u
Foolish and irresponsible to do this for an administration 3 million votes behind.
I originally thought Sen. Graham would not be bullied by the Trump admin. Turns out I was wrong. His example proves everyone has a price!
Desperation doesn't suit you...
@newtgingrich @thestate now say that about destroying the democrat party
You are #complicit in normalizing the breakdown of normalcy w the way Obama was treated & our new Russian placed Pres. You are a disgrace.
This must just GOR-SUCK for Dems. LOL
Her name was Lola she was a showgirl....
You know Lindsey wants to blow him. Go Cocks!
Whatever it takes? Like exposing yourself as a hypocrite and deepening dangerous ideological divides and setting destructive precedent?
OMG!  Confirm him already!  Let's get ready for the next one.
Totally agree thank God he should already have his black robe on and working 4 the American people Washington is embarrassment  for the USA
Confirm Neil gorsuch
No.
Including treason?
Sometimes I think you're a decent guy, then I wonder how you sleep at night while aligning yourself w/snakes in the GOP. SC deserves better.
No consensus taker!  Just another typical Republican pandering to Donald Trump and his delusional supporters!
whatever it takes? Actually it takes respect, morals, ethics, heart, country over party.
party over country. And there you were sane for 10 minutes. And now this. Shame.
Confirm Garland!  Let Gorsuch wait for the next vacancy.
Thank you for trying to wrk TOGETHER! No matter WHO Trump chose, 99% Dems would still try to filibuster. They HATE Trump, pure & simple.
I look forward to donating to your next opponent #whateverittakes #votethemout
Goes to show you Republicans ALWAYS put their agenda ahead of their country! (whatever it takes)
on one hand you are aware that trump is a crook on the other you hand his nominee a seat. let a driver freeze and get fired. poor judgment
republicans ought to stop and be honest with themselves.. the people are getting tired of this. more protests more dems will be voted in
#ILLEGITIMATE
one more event to turn the masses into a revolution. stolen election & garland wasn't even given a hearing.. he was qualified and ready too.
americans have had enough of citizens united, big money in govt allowing our democracy to fail. more of that with gorsuch. garland's seat.
millions and millions of americans cast their votes for hillary, pop vote winner, more than half country opposed. merrick garland fiasco.
Changing the rules is irresponsible.
Hi. Your constituent here. If he can't get the 60 votes, then change the nominee, don't change the rules.
If he can't get the 60 votes, change the nominee, don't change the rules.
This is absurd. Scuttle the nominee and come up with a compromise. Merrick Garland.

Say NO to nuclear option!!
Don't throw away your reputation like Nunes did just to spread Trumps propaganda. He has no credibility now b/cause he took up for Trump
Confirm Merrick Garland.
Closet Queen's gotta surrender to power. What video do they have of you?????  time wounds all heels.
I hope you don't join in forever damaging the integrity of the Senate by voting for the nuclear option. Find a judge that can get 60!
Vote. For. Garland.
No risk pools for healthcare. HAs not worked  The sick , young and old are priced out of market. Cancer is a crap shoot
"Whatever is takes" to deny Garland?
Is it worth irreparable damage to senate for nom from a POTUS under investigation? #puppet #countryoverparty #fakepatriot
Here's the deal.  Republicans used a filibuster for 7 months to stop Garland and now cry because the Democrats use the same tactic.
the choice is yours and the GOPs to make. Will you change the senate forever?
How about you at least pretend to care about the voice of your constituents? Whatever. It. Takes. To. Get. You. Out. Of. Office.
Trump last week:"Not focused on Assad leaving power." This week:Assad gasses his own people! What are you going to do about Trump?#Assad
"The Graham Rule" states: '60-votes to confirm SCOTUS nominees, which requires participation from both parties' http://www.politico.com/story/2016/04/indsey-graham-merrick-garland-222229 …
I hate that republicans didn't allow vote but 2 wrongs don't make a right!
MERRICK GARLAND
Please vote no on the nuclear option. Rules are in place for a reason  should not be changed to meet only one party's agenda. That isn't USA
Plagiarism gets one kicked out of school, but, apparently, okay with GOP. Republican have been exposed.
Do you have amnesia?? #hypocrite #shamefultreatmentofgarland
This is a disgrace to our democracy. You can't just change the rules to get your way. This Congress is going to pay the price in 2018
Wow such an amazingly strong leader who can talk. With. Excessive. Punctuation. To. Make. A. Partisan. Point.
Hell no, we won't forget Garland bullied by McConnell.
You love ONE MAN more than your NATION. Shame on you. Unpatriotic.
thank you for your leadership Sen. Graham
Feel that way about finding the truth about Russia, please sir.
Bad choice. You and @SenJohnMcCain  are voices of reason. Senate will be ruined. Keep it at 60..Senate is a check on House. Keep that check.
Senator, you are not the person you have claimed to be.
Whatever. It. Takes. To. Remove. You. From. The. Senate. In. 2020.
#gorsuch is probably beholding to Putin. He is a plagiarist. He needs to be cleared by the @FBI
You are becoming a joke across the state, with these kind of statements. Can't you remember 2016, and what the GOP did.
I no longer admire U You're another closed minded 'party over people' politician Your truths are lies & they hurt people
How Inappropriate is it to vote on appointment while the administration is under investigation?

LIBERTY/JUSTICE IS WHAT MAKES AMERICA GREAT YOU MUST BE SICK TO THINK OTHER WISE @realDonaldTrump @NancyPelosi @SenSanders @elizabethforma
U said if U win the WH U get 2 appoint ppl 2 Supreme Court, but U & your party DIDN'T give same curtesy 2 Obama! Such BS!
MERRICK GARLAND, you assface!!!
Disappointed. One of your great strengths as a Senator has been your pragmatism. Don't lose it now.
Shameful GOP conduct again. Blocked legit Obama nomination 4 SCOTUS. We won't forget UR
I disagree.
This one man isn't worth it. You all need to stop fighting each other and start doing what your constituents are paying you to do.
YOU are the problem.  Divisive and hyperpartisan.  VOTE GRAHAM OUT.
He's a plagiarist! Students are kicked out of school for much less but this clown will be confirmed?!? #NoGorsuch
No deals with Chuck Schumer for the Gorsuch appointment !!!
2018 can't come soon enough believe me we will be a force to be reckoned with. #StopGorsuch #resist #StolenSeat #MerrickG #whyvotingmatters
GOP don't care about the people, u want what u want and u don't care what people think!
Absolutely NO Gorsuch voted 21-2 in favor corps, u stole seat and Gorsuch is even more conservative than Scalia!Garland was more qualified!
Stolen. Seat.
your #future #legacy would be #Graham erodes high standards of integrity & political neutrality for #SupremeCourt judges
To investigate Russian connections and leaks. Not stealing a seat. Period.
#RESIST #trump #ResistGorsuch #ForOneForAll
GOP took 1st step on road to totalitarianism by blocking Garland, 2nd step is changing filibuster rules. Disenfranchisement must feel good.
don't support this change to Senate tradition and rules.
You failed to do your constitutional duty and give President Obamas nominee the courtesy of a meeting. You're a stone cold hypocrite.
You're right that when you win elections you get to pick your judges. So why did you let an UNPRECEDENTED blocking of Garland happen.
Keep votes at 60
Sad
Please don't execute the nuclear option. It sets an awful precedent and positions the GOP poorly for 2018 and beyond #pennywisepoundfoolish
Your party won't be in power forever. Remember that!
What about Obamas pick.   No vote but have to have a vote this time.  Just lying like a kid lies.  Every honest adult can see it
He was nominated by a president under investigation of Treason. And, you know Trump is guilty. Just wait with the confirmation vote.
Whatever. It. Takes. To. Completely. Divide. Congress. Past. Point. Of. No. Return. #STOLEN #MerrickGarland #ShameOnYou #NoProbeNoRobe
Yeah... #gorsuch the plagiarizer !
#notogorsuch
Hell, destroy the country if you have to. Sounds smart.
That's your theme! Whatever it takes...sell your soul, betrayal of your country, betrayal of the constitution?  What?
Merrick Garland? @LindseyGrahamSC one of the most reasonable elected officials usually...
Please, don't use the nuclear option.  Gorsuch's record shows he will unfairly rule in favor of corporations.  Pls get another nominee. 
do you GOP not realize you won't control the Senate forever and there will be a day the left nominate the most leftist judge in the country
Then pull his nomination, find someone not an extremist and plagiarist. I'm a lifelong Dem and I respect you. Please respect our country.
Merrick Garland
Party before country,like your friend in KY,the history books will be unkind.If they bother to remember you at all.#GOP destroy Democracy.
Please don't support the nuclear option. You are one of the few grow ups in DC. Please preserve what forefathers designed @SenJohnMcCain
Just remember not to complain when Dems get the senate back because the way things are going, that is in the bag!
Work harder to get the votes. Nuclear option is unacceptable
Losing. All. Respect.
entitlements can also grow when filibuster's gone. So Dems can get four more senate seats and a public option! Thanks!
WHAT. IS. WRONG. WITH. YOU?
You have  to understand Sir, that we don't trust  Trump. We cannot abide, with him under investig, having any say of an appt this important.
Hypocrite
the court's 9 member composition rests on norms and the filibuster. But since you're torching both of those, it'll change!
you're killing the Senate and the Court for one seat. Not to worry! We can make more seats when filibuster is gone.
If Adolf Mcconnell opts to change 230 years of adherence to prove a point, it will bite the GOP in the ass and worse, do more harm to govt.
the 80 years bromide reflects the rarity of election year openings, not a rule that those openings should go unfilled.
There is good reason for the 60 vote. Disagree with your position.
disagree - NO NUCLEAR OPTION! Politic and try to change a few votes togged to 60. if not, delay. Trump and pick too toxic right now w/Russia
the "Biden rule"-a hypothetical floated by one US Senator and prone to more than 1 reading-is now binding Senate precedent!
I like you. But you're making a yuge mistake. At least Puerto Rico and D.C. can become States when filbuster's gone.
