Republican party is pulling together to support our @POTUS. It's time to set aside your political agendas, get back to making US great again
When was America not great so that now we have to make it "great again"??
Ummm, how about the past 8 years when Obama was asleep. HILLARY gave uranium to Iran. OBAMA closed eyes to border crossings. Need I say more
Obama was not asleep he put #americafirst and repaired the recession that Bush dropped in his lap. So please....
Maybe the recession looks repaired in your world. Why don't you tell this to the thousands of homeless VETS whom OBAMA gave two shits about
U can read right?? I sent u another link to debunk the rhetoric regarding obama and vets too.  Need u say more??
I believe your link about as much as I believe North Korea has no intentions of nuking us! You must be in line with the FAKE News people.
Well, Trump did say he loved the uneducated... 
Over 30% of his time is spent on vacation. Trump is a joke and so is the GOP for supporting him. Wake up.
Laura, you must have been asleep the last 8 years. Your OBAMA spent A LOT of money on vacation, your money, my money. He did nothing for US!
Wrong. The facts are that Trump is out-pacing Obama's spending on golf vacations. The facts are that Obama rescued our economy. Wake up.
Facts: We are on pace to spend more money on Trump & Melania's vacations than on Obama's family. The economy is better now than under Bush.
Enough with the whataboutism, they both spend entirely way too much time on vacation and golfing.Obama did not "save" our economy by the way
In his first 81 days, Obama hadn't golfed ONCE & Trump has been on the golf course 17 times. Unemployment under Obama fell over 3%. Facts!
Bring about ww3
At least we can vote stupid out of office
U won't be laughing once he unveils his TAX REFORM plans...
Clairvoyance - what a priceless gift.
U really should read more
Looks like you're not clairvoyant after all.
Proof is in facts hunny...

Tonight, Republicans in the House of Representatives voted 229-185 AGAINST requesting Pres. Trump's tax returns http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2017/roll101.xml …
I have voted for Lindsey Graham from his political start.  But he has lost his mind.  Trump must have career-ending dirt on Lindsey.
Bill O’Reilly Thrives at Fox News, Even as Harassment Settlements Add Up
Vile and disgusting. Is Putin being held accountable for interfering in our elections, or is Tillerson getting his Russian oil deal through?
https://www.hillaryclinton.com/page/tax-returns/#main …
Holy s.....t are we hearing right? Need to get a check up fast.
The Latest: Manafort registering with US as foreign agent
You lie. He's done nothing but HURT people. And so have you if you support him.
Hillary Clinton only presidential candidate to release full tax returns
Trump has done nothing but disrupt the world.
Oh please
AP Exclusive: Manafort firm received Ukraine ledger payout
And get us closer to WW3.
I watch u and think you're actually a level -headed guy and then I c u dbl down on trump and can't comorehend
Have you lost your mind?
GOP to bury House resolution on Trump conflicts http://politi.co/2lrl44i  via @politico
In 80 days worst President ever. Lowest rating,nothing done,and still lying. Fox stinks. Fake News!
If It rained the Tea Party blamed OBAMA. And Tump is not at %50 he's 30% Lowest President ever.
Easy and glib to say; impossible to demonstrate.
Yes, being a Putin Puppet is notoriously good for the world.
funny...this is how you know they're all talking points, in the election he couldn't stand Trump, said he was the worst guy ever.
Alternative facts and y'all know it.
That's why his approval rating is lowest in modern history!
You've got to be kidding! Will the GOP stop whining like 6-year-olds & blame their failings on Obama. GOP is in office!! Grow up!
Girl Guides of Canada cancel trips to the U.S.
Fox News Settled Sexual Harassment Allegations Against Bill O’Reilly, Documents Show
Trump, Asked About Accusations Against Bill O’Reilly, Calls Him a ‘Good Person’
House GOP defeats resolution requesting Trump-Russia documents http://politi.co/2mC9PVv  via @politico
U.S. To Lose $1.6B As Mexican Vacationers Choose Canada via @forbes
Eric Trump’s business trip to Uruguay cost taxpayers $97,830 in hotel bills
Trump Jr.: “A Lot In A 12,000-Page Tax Return That Wouldn’t Make Sense To Open Up” https://www.buzzfeed.com/andrewkaczynski/trump-jr-a-lot-in-a-12000-page-tax-return-that-wouldnt-make?utm_term=.fpYm1vAY4y … via @BuzzFeedAndrew
Opinion | Congress has the power to obtain and release Trump’s tax returns
Secret Ledger in Ukraine Lists Cash for Donald Trump’s Campaign Chief
You do know President Obama did not choose his middle name, right? You sound completely ridiculous calling him that.
Yes he does. He's a distinguished senator. A true American patriot
It's his opinion. Trump is more hawkish on foreign policy like Graham
Thats what we have been saying.That Trump is a good leader.Not a perfect man.But a very decent leader.Why some pple cant see that baffles me
SEnator Lindsay joined the team. Joyful about  this change.
Lol!!  POTUS is a lier and a hypocrit!  Buy America only.... Meanwhile China loves making Ivanka and Trump clothing!
Let's not forget all the business deals he making in other countries to open hotels and golf course etc. But he says #americafirst
that is the most ludicrous statement I have heard in my lifetime...Trump has done more damage to this country in 80 days than ANYONE else..
Carolann, please give me some examples of your ludicrous comment. TRUMP is making you safe, bringing back Jobs, show me the wrong in that!!!
1) No jobs yet 2) American allies doubt 3) No safety in bombings 4) Decline in tourism 5) So many lies and abuses!!  Less Fox, more reading.
The GOOD of AMERICA! Thank you @POTUS @VP. Many may not see what U all R doing is right. Less criminals in, more jobs, lots on the plate too
Where's the love, smile, joy for America in this face. Says a lot about a person.
"But his lawyer, Richard A. Hibey, said Mr. Manafort had not received  “any such cash payments” described by the anti-corruption officials."
Kushner Omitted Meeting With Russians on Security Clearance Forms

Jared Kushner -- who thought Bridgegate was "badass" -- was behind hiring of Bill Stepien, according to @maggieNYT reporting last month... https://twitter.com/mattkatz00/status/816728761685200897 …
Flynn did not initially disclose income from Russia-linked companies http://reut.rs/2nXZE0w  via @Reuters

Jeff Sessions used political funds for expenses in Cleveland, where he met Russian envoy  https://www.wsj.com/articles/jeff-sessions-used-political-funds-for-republican-convention-expenses-1488509301 … via @WSJ
Sessions: "Senator Franken ... and I didn't have - did not have communications with the Russians, and I'm unable to comment on it."
'It's A Big One': Iowa Pipeline Leaks Nearly 140,000 Gallons Of Diesel

Keystone Pipeline steel is going to come from... wait for it... RUSSIA! #truestory  https://www.google.com/amp/mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKBN16A2FC …
Keystone XL builders can use non-U.S. steel, White House says now http://reut.rs/2m4FIHY  via @Reuters
First import of Russian steel arrives at new Paulsboro port
I'm not going to have time to go play golf - Trump In Loudoun County, VA... https://youtu.be/SBqB_3j4Qts  via @YouTube

Trump has now been to one of his golf clubs on 21.2% of his days as POTUS (18 golf course trips in 85 days)

Watch candidate Trump on golf 

Secret Service has spent more than $35,000 on golf cart rentals since inauguration: report http://hill.cm/EI4CXXM  

Paul Ryan, 17 days ago: "We'll have 218 [votes] when this thing comes to the floor. I can guarantee you that."

Trump called NYT after call to @costareports -- getting message out through print reporters instead of making statement in briefing room https://twitter.com/maggieNYT/status/845362688557486081 …

TRUMP tells me in interview this is now the Democrats' fault, and that he anticipates that when Obama "explodes" they will be ready to deal

President Trump just called me. Still on phone.
"We just pulled it," he tells me.

White House chief of staff says take Trump seriously: the press is the enemy. http://www.cbsnews.com/news/white-house-chief-of-staff-says-take-trump-seriously-press-is-the-enemy/ …

During Obama years

- 11.8M new private sector jobs
- 20M-plus gained health insurance…
Anyone in the U.S. w/o gaydar that doesn't start screaming alerts every time @LindseyGrahamSC talks? (Not that there's anything wrong w/i!)
No proof. At all ever. Just bullies
Ask urself why noone has ever focused so much on the presidential candidate that didn't win or preceding pres. Why is this the focus now?
You think the world is a better, safer place since Trump took over from Obama??!?  

Obama creates the largest protected place on the planet, in Hawaii

Ryan Zinke has overturned a ban on #hunting with lead bullets. They kill Bald #Eagles by lead poisoning. The War on #Environment continues 
So true!!!!
Does that include treason ? Notice how trump puts down all other democracies and supports all the dictators? U will be held accountable!
Thanks for telling it like it is,  Senator
Huh?  #Allies unsure of our support.  #GlobalWarming threatening our coastlines. #DomesticPolicies inciting enemies within. WAIM?
What a lie.If u are so fond of war why don't u sign up & do a tour of duty.This country is tired of war.US is not the bullies of the world
The rich can buy War Bonds to finance the war(s). Draft the  middle class & poor 4 cannon fodder.  GO USA!  History shows, the GOP Luvs War.
War, Baby, War!  Where? When? Activate the Selective Service System? Draft the poor & middle class to fight & die? Sell War Bonds? Ration?
Total bullshit propaganda. Trump policies will cause harm in long run. #GrahamSucks
Like what???
1000000000000000000000% true
Good lord, you are more delusional than I thought. You are even an embarrassment to South Carolina.
I just cant follow you anymore. You will be judged harshly by history., just as the Bush sycophants are now.
I cant understand (regardless of what party 1 prefers) Y #TRUTH must be ignored.
Yes!!!  
https://www.wsj.com/articles/exxon-seeks-u-s-waiver-to-work-in-russia-despite-sanctions-1492620677 … via @WSJ
DO NOT VOTE FOR HIM! NEVER AGAIN!
Oh God! he's a hypocrite, he will fall with all the crooks at the White House.
I don't usually agree with him on anything. This is a refreshing change.
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC 4 acknowledging @POTUS. Please encourage @GOP @HouseGOP to work with him on #taxreform and #Obamacarerepeal!
little bit late-- not much of leader--more like a "follower"...WE elected Trump & HIS agenda---which btw---is OUR agenda--ur a disrupter
Love it @LindseyGrahamSC   Finally a Republican who isn't scared
You may forget that some of us have been paying attention all 80 of those days and seen a catastrophic shitshow.
Problem is: @LindseyGrahamSC has done more to screw @realDonaldTrump  (& probably polish more chrome) than anyone other than @SenJohnMcCain
@Zigmanfreud @LindseyGrahamSC @MittRomney_2016 Good fucking grief!
Correction: "In 80 days [Trump] has played more golf than Obama did in 8 years"
Wow- Is this a Lindsey doppelganger?
You got a Russian pay day, huh?
Trump has brought us to the brink of war, how wrong is that.
Too correct the world, Trump represents everything that's wrong wigh the world.
I'm surprised he was allowed to say anything without McCain by his side
I thought McCain's hand had to be up Graham's back in order for him to speak...or wait...is it the other way around?
Ha !!!  Are you trying to convince yourself ?  .@SpeakerRyan .@SenMajLeader
Yeah right --
Goodluck
So true!
What a joke. DJT has done nothing but embarrass theUSA.
No. That was Obama
Oh but he was the wrong person for the job 6+ months ago.  If your going to support him then do it or look like a liberal 
Bullshit, and everybody except Trump knows it.
So NOW this RINO likes Trump? Vote this clown out of office!! Send Graham to GITMO!!
Wonder why? Because you @FoxNews actually reports news .
that's for dam sure
Exactly
ETC are you talking about? Are you high???
Notice how he can't look anyone in the eyes sure sign of a coward
You don't even believe that lie coming out your mouth!
Here's the "man" you're "all in" with.
So over.
#fakenews #trumprussia #russiagate #trumpcolluded #theresistance #TrumpRussia
Oh Senator, every time you start to appear human and intelligent, you sure like to quickly correct that misperception, don'tchya?
LG is a joke
As I watched Senator Graham on Fox this morning, I couldn't help wondering if the outcome of GA 6th primary put the fear of God into him.
You all are full of it, they are playing him @POTUS like a violing
Unreal.
This man is delirious
Correct whose world?  Ur corp war-monger sponsors?  He's done zero for the avg citizen who voted 4 him. BS artist extraordinaire, con job.
In 80 days, Trump has raised our debt and the fears of the American ppl. You should all be ashamed.
Nope. Proud of him. Doing great

@ LinseyGrahamSC.  Like boosting about  ' Armada'. Man he making U.S. look like fools. Toothless tiger 
According to you. But he campaigned under "America First.  How's that working out? No Repeal or Replace or the Wall. No tax reform. Shhhhh
hahaha, yeah right , name one thing? oh yeah, one thing, appoint a judge. period
What a total knucklehead just when he appears rationale he goes off the deep end.
You are delusional. I'm pretty disappointed in you.
Sen. Lindsey Graham you Christian values and the fact our USA built on biblical principles lives in you that you are able to move forward
@LindseyGrahamSC how much did you charge to sell your soul and America's children's future?
WTF!
Then you, Lindsey, & your buddy @SenJohnMcCain should get to work and NOT obstruct @realDonaldTrump on behalf of the voters! Talk is cheap!
Remove the word "correct" add problems to the world than the last 8 presidents. He's living up to Putins agreement,causing kaos
Guess he and John McCain broke up..  Sad
Okay Lindsey drink more of the cool-ad
That is a matter of perspective.
Golf 4 trump is business. He does business on the golf course not just the boardroom.
Fox used to be a good, now they just sucking trumps butt. Disgusting
Lindsey is Kompromat #Trumprussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Oh yes - the Muslim ban, Trumpcare and making Mexico pay for the wall have worked out very well.
Did you really say this? The sc-POTUS needs to be impeached for gross incompetence, corruption, treason and more. Are you a Patriot or not?
FACT
Finally, something I can agree with him on! 
Graham I thought you said President Trump was incompetent.what has changed not the president.
Thank you for recognizing that
I guess CNN wouldn't be giving him a lot of airtime anymore
This azzwhole is plum skitzoid
Lindsey, I would have never thought you were one of our Senators that needed to be drug tested but now I'm not so sure.
That definitely depends on your view of correcting the world. Anyway a gross and inaccurate statement by Graham
"Correct the World?" DT aint GOD. OMNIPOTENCE will use him while in office..as the ALMIGHTY has #Always w/Liberal POTUS_especially Obama 
On your knees or on your feet.  Everybody gets to choose.
Nice change for him to be positive regarding our @POTUS
You're pathetic & delusional @LindseyGrahamSC
Truer words were never spoken. Obama was an epic failure as POTUS.
To correct the world? In which world do you live? You are narrow minded, the world is not just between Pacific and Atlantic ocean. Bs
In fact Fox network has become a joke and disgrace. I will never watch sports on Fox again even if it is one of my teams #neverFox #resist
Are y'all got blinders on all the time or just when pulling through 'bacca field? What's your cell# @LindseyGrahamSC
What are they smoking on Fox and Friends? Are they so biased that they are out of touch with reality?----Kinda like Trump
#ImpeachTrump
However the words from Graham sound hollow because he is a back stabbing POS
What's it like, being that delusional?
Being Trump's lapdog isn't a good look for you
Trump would get A WHOLE LOT MORE ACCOMPLISHED if the DEMONcrats were DOING their job. GO_TRUMP-PENCE_16:20
Damn... If this isn't #fakenews what is?
Wondering what the Russian mob threatened you with to make you support #TrumpRussia
Someone got bought
I just reported this tweet. It's very offensive and an insult to the intelligence of people worldwide. #impeachtrump
Wait wut?
It will be nice if they can all get along and work with the President they will get alot done for the USA
Absolute bullshit. He hasn't done squat but put a Supreme Court Justices on SCOTUS who might wind up being another Anthony Kennedy.
Basically Graham is saying that you're dumb folks. That the corruption and ineptness of this administration is not real. No thanks, wecansee
Totally agree
Thank You!
thank you mr graham,for being honest,GOD BLESS""MAGA""AMERICA FIRST""

Love seeing Lindsey Graham!!
little late, update resume, political career over!
Yes he has! Obama/bad president
Damn Lindsey, there might be hope for you yet!! #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
Hell just froze over.
I did just feel a slight shift in the force.
