but Maddis was not apprised of the executive order. Thank you Sen. Graham for truth & integrity over party.
When others don't play by the rules then it's time we get tough and stop being Mr. Nice Guy!
yea let's treat possible suspects with respect while they chop our heads off. Piss off!
Maybe someone should tell trump to stop talking about it. The terrorists will use what he is saying.
@POTUS advocates torture & exclusion but not from oil-rich nations. This fosters hate. We are less safe. @LindseyGrahamSC @DeptofDefense
You can't possibly believe him. PLEASE HOLD HIM ACCOUNTABLE.
is such a clown. I don't know how anybody can take his opinions on foreign policy seriously...
I feel like u LG are a complete idiot if the enemy thinks we will torture to get info they will fear us
DUDE SHUSH
 really soo I guess song bird @JohnMcCain made those Vietnam propaganda speeches voluntarily
Waaa! Pansy Graham is afraid... What a rebuke to the south you are. Light in the loafers are ya?
I think it's time you come out and let everyone know you stand with the Democratic Party sir!
Support our President!!!!!
The military is never going to admit they torture. You know it happens. Obama knew too.
except it's Bannon is on the national security council.
If only he would pay attention to Mattis regarding major policy initiatives regarding homeland security.
waterboarding is NOT TORTURE. Only a FOOL says it is.
this to shall pass. Trump was a fan of torture in the campaign. Narcissists defer to no one.
Thank you for recognizing that @realDonaldTrump @DeptofDefense
That's why I voted for him. He listens!
They can cut our heads off but we can't waterboard them when they are captured?  You are sick
Didn't Mattis tell you he wouldn't support a Muslim ban?  Could have swore I saw him clapping behind Trump.
yeah, thank God, he'll defer to Mattis!
I'm through with you Lindsey Graham, I have zero faith in you.  You'll do just what that madman tells you.
Yes, pleased and relieved. Thank you!
Thank you Senator Lindsey Graham you make us SC proud
: there is water boarding and then there is water boarding. Stop being a weenie like John McCain too.Creeps
Pls realize he ain't gonna do crap. He says what you want to hear, then does what he wants. Don't trust them.
You know Trump can't be trusted and Pompeo waffled on the issue of torture. Vigilance is paramount
what is wrong with you-fight him and put him down every chanxe u get-really wanted hillary-so jealous
please make sure you hold Trump to this statement!
Hold him to it Mr.Graham. #HeLies
that is why we have Gen Mattis & Gen Kelly & not political hacks. Good change
Damn Right Brother! Be Safe. Be Armed! Be Ready!!!! Always!
I come in peace, I didn't bring artillery.  But I am pleading with you .Gen M
@tempteststorm2 statement was 4 the enemy that the idea was not off the table. UR weak & will b gone.
We, as John Q public, should NOT know our military's methods, period!! If we know..the enemy knows!
Pleased? Torture shouldn't even be considered in the first place @DeptofDefense #humanrights
Yeah except he demoted all his NatSec in favour of BANNON for god's sakes.
PLEASE,don't letTrump lift sanctions.Putin will get billions of $ from oil money if they do.Please don't nominateTillerson.
This man is demented, can't believe anything he says. #ImpeachTrump
BS, he has said that before. The madman says one thing one minute and the opposite the next.
He is constantly contradicting himself. Time to #endthemadness #impeach
except for the fact that he lies about everything
We have a gaslighter in office and our country is turning into chaos.  How long do you allow this to go on?
don't believe a word he says
supporting you as a voice of reason
c'mon, we all know he won't remember saying that or at very least say he never did
Reply to @LindseyGrahamSC @DeptofDefense HE LIES THERE WILL NEVER BE ANYTHING ABOUT THAT SEXUAL DEVIANT LIAR TO BE PLEASED ABOUT.
Until he changes his mind after someone else gets his ear. This is government based on Presidential whim.
Yes, that's the only good thing I've heard him say. Please stand up to #muslimban & white supremacy, Bannon
Will Mattis defer to Bannon? Put Joint Chiefs back!!!

but Mattis has no control of CIA interogations . Still very concerned
Stop the insanity which is our POTUS!!!! Please!!!!
Trump has the house and senate. Why does he keep signing 'executive orders' that are not legal?
PLEASE, STOP Trump. He's a lunatic. He's a sadist. He is not fit to be president.
Now get on record and denounce both EO's signed 1/28 - You will be heroes and on right side of history
Will you still support Cabinet appointees in light of #NSC shakeup?
please stand up to trump's totalitarianism. he is ignoring constitutional checks and balances. please save our country
- Steve Bannon on National Security Council is dangerous! Get him off  NOW!
wake up Lindsey!!
my god Lindsey stop this megalomaniac
who would want too torture a human being sometimes I wonder bout gov.ur for self and ur bout you start war
Defer to #PresidentBannon. Access to top level intel so he can supply Breitbart with improved #alternativefacts? The coup is nearly complete
Sen. Graham, the country needs you to fight this fascist every step of the way. He is a diabolical man and a threat to all.
why did this idiot not already know this? Trump is a child in a man's body. Stop him now or you go
not please that trump is a racist and closing the country to people that are not him.
Do you really trust his word? How about the NSC reorganization? Please #HistoryHasItsEyesOnYou
you are a sell out Lindsey Graham.  support your PRESIDENT and the people who put you were you are,.
What about the danger of dumping the Joint Chiefs for Bannon? You must speak out against this dangerous act
Thank God there is someone between DJT & the button!
@realDonaldTrump Isis beheads,burns alive,stones to death,throws people off roofs,acid scars & rapes women!
or he could have said "torture is wrong and I will not allow it."
I do not support a "time out". EO illegal. Religious discrimination. And DOES NOT AFFECT terrorism.
Why were all our senior state department staff, loyal nonpartisan employees , summarily fired???
Surely you see that our President is unhinged?  Do something!
I do not want my taxpayer dollars to fund any stupid wall!  I am one of your constituents.
can you see about the Clemson student refused entry to US because she's from Iran?   This is so stupid!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pls take him on when he is wrong. Don't let him waste our money on stupid wall. I am a Republican
He won't keep his word. He'll have old Blackwater guys do it.
You and a handful of your colleagues are all that stand in between this menace and the disruption of everything. Show up!
so he finally made good decision. Tell J Kingston not everything is due to "last 8yrs"
Nice to see Exxon's Sec State's pipeline will threaten the bread basket & he'll get to suck that CCCP oil!
BEING A COMEDIAN AGAIN. WON'T WORK FOR YOU. YOU ARE NOT BEYOND THE BALLOT BOX.THOUGH YOU SEEM TO THINK SO.
can't believe you are so quiet on the EO regarding Muslim ban.  Disappointing.  It's all for show with you too....
How long are you going to let Trump ruin America?  I feel you are a good man, please step up!
What's your opinion on the unconstitutional Muslim ban? If you oppose it, your voice is needed. Otherwise you are complicit
How pleased are you with the Muslim ban? Think it makes us safer?  Please respond!!!
#pleased? How can you trust him? How unprofessional his #MuslimBan roll out is? It's your #GOPGongShow yikes
#hypocrite.  history will prove you wrong. #LoveTrumpsHate
@granny_st @DeptofDefense are there any SANE Republicans who care about their country FIRST left out there???
What about objecting to his violation of the Constitution against religion & extremist views?
they just read statement in TV. Lie. How about those helping our ppl. How about business interests???  How about 9/11 SA.
I'm a lifelong democrat. Thanks for standing up for what is right and true.
your silence defines you
Sometimes I think you're going to stand up to him, then it's back to compliments - it's like you're in abusive relationship
and then the DOLT changes his mind!
Graham you supposed to be a man of God and what are your morals this man is tearing I country apart
this will be your political legacy #MuslimBan #WomensMarch #obamacare #torture. History will not be kind & career is over
you're pleased that trump won't make his own decisions
what about detaining US military interpreters and their families at US airports?
Very small light of hope to save us from the Orange Bafoon with small hands?
.@LindseyGrahamSC aren't we all. You've got to restrain this manic.
For the love  of God Sir, stop the ban for these  children
Yet Trump has signaled to the world that the US President believes in torture & wants their oil. HELP US!
...and you believe the president? Why?
are you going to save our democracy or let love of power supersede love of country? We need you Sen Graham
You have two ears and one mouth! Listen more and talk less! Stand behind your President!
thought u had sense but ur head is just as far up Trumps ass as anyone
feeling the heat rhino
Is someone monitoring Trump's calls to foreign leaders? Seems like it's in the interest of National Security
why are we even discussing this. It's sad sad sad that you would need to be happy about no torture
You can't believe anything DT says!!!
today we get to hear President Temper Tantrum massage Putins whatever. Talks like a 4th grader Embarrassing
Lindsey, you and McCain are our only hope. Thank gos for you guys.
pleased by that part as well but equally concerned that some of his "sources" say it works.  Who does he really listen to?
Really Senator he gave the go ahead for torture no president has ever openly said torture is cool
Oh well then ,everything is fine.
who'd have thought I'd be siding with Lindsey. The world is upside down.
You need to make a statement on the ban on muslims. Unless you want to go down on the ship w/ Trump.
we have to remember that quote, ABRAHAM LINCOLN.-/
You can fool some people all the time,and all the people sometimes,but can't fool all the people all thetime
Can you note the way he thinks,talk, articulate with the hands, the way he changes his mind, he's SICK
@PRETTYGIRLGG11 @DeptofDefense Pleased?  Like when dad gets the remote from his kid?
This is the most incoherent President in USA history, don't you see this man has a BRAIN DAMAGE,
Something to cling to, eh?
what about LSD? Had some interesting results in the 60's
nuff said...
How would u know?You  are Mcains and Bushes Lap Dog.GO TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lindsey you are great, but honestly you gotta stop dancing with the devil. The Donald does not like the things you like. America needs you.
But Graham is OK with Putin and Tillerson
easy to please you when you've set the bar really, really low. Oh, and don't forget to take your Xanax!
I call that deferership not leadership.
then stand up & stop him from destroying America
you running for president or something bro? Let's not pretend you care about anything
at least one person has a spine. Maybe follow his lead.
Really? He still publicly states he's for torture!  What will it take GOP? @Evan_McMullin has real courage.
Old Lindsey you need to retire your like a dog chasing it tail.
crazy this is what we are pleased with... he is still a bag of dicks
The wall is stupido! Anyone that comes between me and my guac and chips is a bad hombre.
Enhanced Interrogation!!! Torture is what they do to Christians,gays,and women!!#termlimitsplease!!!
I hope this is true. We will await a determination.
I. Believe water boarding is OK to collect information from terrorist,those in the Pentagon says it works
#DonaldTrump wasn't fit to be president what happened you go down on the 
#CheetoMussolini
he defers for now. We must be vigilant with this president. America must always be the shining city on hill
You can't deny that torture in some cases is really fun.
Wow, that's white of him.
curious, how did we get info on Bin Laden? did we say 'pretty please"
We really need to get snowflake/cupcake thinking as yours out of our government.
Obama was a disgrace U too.
How about that Muslim ban Senator? Disgraceful
I don't think Trump listens to anyone but Trump!
Yeah. Great. @LindseyGrahamSC @DeptofDefense
doesn't he have to defer to the LAW???
the 1st thing the bloated NY Dem president said that demonstrated even a slight understanding of his job
please try to influence the other ridiculous actions he's taking!
I'm thinkin' Trump will force him to change his mind at some point.
You mean follow the law? Bar pretty low these days. How bout an update on Russian hacking?
