Lindsey let me explain, women don't need or want Congress involved in the most personal decisions of their lives.
I hear u, but if u believe that or are worried that innocent babies r being killed in the womb, that complicates it. 2 lives r now @ stake.
Your personal concerns can't replace the agency of another woman. Often these are emergencies and bureaucratic red tape would cost lives.
Late term abortions are never medically necessary. The baby can survive outside womb at that point.
How about horrible genetic disorder not discovered early in the pregnancy? Seriously get the facts.
That’s different than killing a healthy baby, my niece had placenta tear & they took baby at 24 wks. He’s 6 now. No reason to kill him.
What does this have to do with abortion? I like babies. So called elective abortion is often poor women. Support them with $ to keep baby.
I actually do support women who keep babies thru organization called Birthright.
If it doesn’t pass the senate, how about including “health of the mother” language. Will it be abused? Maybe. Will it still be better? Yes.
Why do abortion bans work but bans on guns won't?
Republican Senate & Trump have failed to deliver on every other promise. Please try to keep this one. #ProLife
You’re a male, why the hell do you think you have a say in what a WOMAN does with HER OWN body?
You aren't "pro-life," you're "pro-birth." If life meant anything to you, you'd pass sensible gun laws. You're spineless & sans-balls.
#TheyDontFeelPain #StopLying Be honest: This is about controlling women and it's red meat for your (uneducated, gullible) base.
This should be up to the woman, her family and her physician. Not a bunch in uninformed males in Congress.
Why don’t you focus on saving human lives but getting the assault weapons off the streets. Stay out of making choices for women!
That requires balls & a spine - Graham has neither.
Can you please address real issues that face SC - education and health care
When you can die in childbirth then I’ll hear from you. I respect you Senator but stop trying to control women!
Wrong direction Senator. You are losing my vote
Worry about the living, and stay out of our bodies.
Protect the living!!!!
Perfect!
Why don’t you give it a rest already?? Stop trying to force something that you are literally incapable of experiencing yourself.
And .@RepTimMurphy stands behind you. He's running his mistress to the abortion clinic and should be back in time for the vote

You know who else feels pain? Every one that can't afford their medical bills / prescriptions
Totally rediculous!
With all due respect, you are a hypocrite. You worry about pain of the unborn but seek to deny healthcare to already-born people in pain.
With three children. She did not know she was pregnant till later in the pregnancy.
I know a woman who's husband was "fixed" got pregnant if she had the baby she would die leaving single dad
Is there going to be a stipulation that if you're a congressman having an affair your mistress is still allowed to have an abortion?
Is that a 20 week ban on members of the Senate asking their mistresses to get abortions?  Well played Senator.
If 59 fetuses were killed  and 500 shot and injured earlier this week would you then regulate guns?
C'mon Lindsey.  Work on something meaningful.  This is BS.  Leave it.
What about heartbeat legislation. Bring to floor for debate!!!!!
Sounds like a stupid bill. it is aimed at women's rights. Men don't have the right to do this type of legislation. There is bias.  ILLEGAL!
May the Lord bless you and this life saving cause. 
So...you don’t think women can’t be trusted to do what’s best.  They are too stupid or just evil?
If you can't do the pregnancy walk you can't do the pregnancy talk!
Fuck you. Yeah I said it. I'm done w being polite. Stay away from my body you clueless asshole.
So do families facing horrific decisions.
There is a lot more you need to be focused on than assisting this administration in its relentless attack on women.
And at the same time you let CHIP expire. Do you really value life?
Maybe a little more time on gun control and a little less on my vajayjay
Not your body, not your business.  Most women who abort after 20 weeks have to for their own health. More men legislating women's bodies.
@SenateGOP Do NOT control my body in the name of UR RELIGION! Do what's best for women! We know U support the death penalty! Hypocrites!!!
glad you're focused on gun control... the important stuff.
Another old white man telling women what to do. Plan to give $$ to Planned Parenthood today to counter this.
Keep it up.  Ur actions are changing my mind about you.
So much for govt intrusion 
What gives you the right to decide what I chose to do with my body, maybe woman should decide that all men have vasectomies and ban viagra!
I'm moderate and support life. Pls consider making "bump stocks" illegal. We can't only care about the unborn. A life is a life. Do right.
Speaking for women again??
Stop speaking for women before all your past girlfriends start speaking up
Correct. And women who need them feel pain too. Take a nap.
20 weeks is horrific.
Legislate for your own body
Quit trying to regulate my vagina and regulate guns.
All you are is pro-birth. Once they are born you relegate them to poverty, lack of health care, and subpar education
so it is okay to ban abortion but then not cover the child with insurance once they are born.  reauthorize CHIP.
Stay out of my reproductive system!!
Government wants to protect the unborn and then refuses to help take care of them when they are here!  Jerks
What is wrong with you?
So do the mothers. Either way. Don’t legislate women’s health care when you want 20 million more to lose their coverage #standuptotrump
After the assault weapons ban.
Your uterus must be so proud
Let's ban abortions and birth control, but not assault weapons.  (Sarcasm.)
Stop just stop’
The legislation passed in September 1994 with the assault weapon ban section expiring in 2004 due to its sunset provision. Right to life?
I am assuming Sen Murphy won’t be participating in the dialogue
#IFeelPain when I read that you are #PlainCulpable in controlling women's bodies.
Premise this is built upon is false. But you know that. Why not focus on helping the children who lost healthcare this week? #CHIP
So u want people to keep unplanned pregnancies but not have any resources to help them such as insurance, food or safety? Gr8 world 4 kids!!
Wrong!!!! You have no right to control a woman and her body!! Screw you old pervert!
Don't you Republicans like states' rights on these issues? Where do you see the Feds having authority to regulate this?
1. They might respond to painful stimulus but that doesn’t equal perception of pain.
2. Why make it harder and crueler for something that typical only happens in very dire/sad/desperate circumstances?
Already lost this one @Scotus - spend your time saving kids who are alive by saving their healthcare. #chip
How about focusing on a gun ban instead? Just saying!
These babies will feel a lot more pain once they are born but you don’t care about born children, do you? ESP if they’re female
Introducing this bill proves you’d rather pander to your base than listen to families that have actually gone through this.
WHY? Abortions are performed that late b/c the baby has some defect and can it survive. It’s tragic and you’re making it worse
Howz about renewing the CHIP for after those babies are born?
Why don't you worry about protecting all of us who are ALREADY BORN from assault weapons??????

If you want to save lives, you should introduce a semi-automatic rifle ban in the senate. That would be pro life.
Women DON'T need you legislating female health or our right to choose.

Get to work on guns vs public safety.
Unless you suckle the NRA tit.
I can't believe this is even a question!
Deplorable. #StillWithHer bc she was right about everything. You should be ashamed. You care about fetuses but not gun deaths of people.
Another attempt on your revenge for being born without a vagina.
Your sudden interest in children's healthcare is a true surprise. #CHIP
how about a ban that will actually save lives instead of cost lives? like a ban on assault rifles?
Wonderful, tell me about the extensive health care coverage to assist struggling families that you are planning?
You might want to check with some “constitutional conservatives” about where Congress gets power to regulate abortion.  Hint: it doesn’t
Your hypocrisy knows no bounds. At the same time you fight to REMOVE access to affordable health care to mothers and infants
Let's not pretend that you give a single shit about the well being of these babies or their mothers after they're born
Are u introducing a companion bill guaranteeing fathers equally responsible for their children so women don’t have to raise children alone?
Why??? Just fucking why? Stay out of our vaginas. You can't or know the reasons 
Illegal
Get back in your swim lane
More fact-free nonsense from Republicans pushing their sharia law on the rest of us.
I know you have a law degree but where in hell did you get your gynecological knowledge? A crackerjack box?
@LindseyGrahamSC Srsly, you're better than these "here's my conservative creds" wastes of time. Don't rebrand yourself as a Cruz, he sucks.
Thanks for reminding me why I don't like you.
LG I like u. But please stop working on religious issues. Focus on the the BUSINESS of running our government.  #separationofchurchandstate
Leave my womb and vagina alone you f’n GOP creeps!!!!
Save the baby, cut social spending as the grows up. Great plan, Lindsey! Have you no shame? Guess we know that answer
Sen. Graham, for once work to legislate on an issue that is of value to your constituents rather than divisive, partisan posturing.
Yet no protections for the already living from being gunned down in public. #SpinelessGOP #Hypocrite
Why don't you concern yourself with children already born that need health care, food, stable families, education?
Actually I am hearing people in the field with expertise state this is a lie and they don’t feel pain. Why should we believe you?
ASSHOLES WE WANT GUN LAWS ! LEAVE MY UTERUS ALONNE! I CANT WAIT TO VOTE YOU OUT
So what happens if the child dies in the womb. Loss of heart beat occurs. So you're going to force a woman to 'term' because why?
After you take away healthcare for kids. Shame on you.
You have the gall to do this while trying to gut the #Medicaid funds that help the BORN children survive.
You're so lacking in shame that you demand we get rid of the social safety net that lets mothers CHOOSE LIFE IN THE FIRST PLACE.
You stand there on your #Prolife pedestal but ignore the already-living children begging you not to take their healthcare away.
I'd tell you to be ashamed of yourself but I'm honestly not sure you're physically capable of it any longer.
A political party that enshrines birth but destroys what women need to keep those born babies alive is not #prolife, it's abjectly cruel.
If you declare medically-fragile children must be born but then condemn them to suffer, what is that, exactly? It's not #prolife.
I value the life of every child. That is why I fight so hard to keep you from stripping away the safety nets they deserve.
To try to pass this law and simultaneously gut #Medicaid is the worst kind of rank hypocrisy. Shame on you.
U only care about the unborn?? How bout banning some assault weapons??!!
Bullshit
You wanna regulate women’s bodies but can’t do sh*t about free-for-all semi-automatic weapons???  Spineless coward.
You legislate a woman’s uterus so freely, but won’t legislate good gun control. Shame!!!
How about focusing on some of the dangers Trump is creating.
People shot with modified assault rifles feel pain too. What's your plan? #TheyFeelPain
Stop regulating women and start regulating guns.
Maybe let’s pass CHIP renewal? Just saying there’s already millions of living children that could use an advocate...
But you don't want to protect kids that are here from gun violence the hypocrisy of the GOP is palatable and it tastes like BS
You pander to the fundamentalists and the Tea Party to make up for being mean about @realDonaldTrump .  Let's hope for another failure..
Too bad your taking away CHIP health insurance from innocent children. Wish you cared about them as much after they're born
Abort yourself, asshole. You have NO idea what it's like to have to make the choice of a 20+ week abortion. Fuck you.
Why don't you pass gun laws that are just as strict and make it just as hard to shoot and kill innocent people. #weallfeelpain
THIS is your priority?  What are the statistics that make this critical over healthcare for children and other pressing issues?
Obviously, government should stay out of healthcare until it has to do with women. Those decisions should be left to women, doctors, and god
You know who else feels pain? The adult women you force to carry non viable fetuses. Oh, and then try to take their healthcare.
But you turn your back on sick, hungry, abused kids. You'll meet Jesus one day & the ghosts of those you let die will shine a light on you.
If I put an automatic weapon in my vagina, will you regulate it then? #GunControlNow #mybodymychoice
As your constituent, STAY AWAY FROM MY BODY!!
Is this your response to Vegas? How about a Pain-Capable Young Adult prohibition on extreme weapons bill?
McCain going to screw us on this to?
what happen with liberty, freedom of choice, we don't need Plan Parent-Hood, woman are the queen of their bodies, government cant interfere.
The party of cruelty strikes again.  Congratulations on your terrific success solving non-problems and ignoring real ones.
STOP legislating women’s bodies. 
START giving a shit about the living with healthcare, education, clean air, food, water. #GOPhypocrites
Now you want to force those same moms to carry a child to term that you didn't think deserved healthcare. That's sick & morally bankrupt.
The people shot in Las Vegas feel pain too but let's not have gun control
And yet you just took away health insurance from 9 million children #CHIPexpired #Youdontcare
#ProLife but they mean #ProBirth #WeDoNotCareWhatHappensToYouAfterThat
No no and no! I am preggo 31 weeks now and saying no! If I hide guns in my uterus would you care about guns more?!
Just a couple of weeks ago, you were falling all over yourself to strip healthcare from expectant mothers and families.
You are a misguided person doing evil.  I pray that you realize the harm to women that you promote.
The majority are because the fetus is not compatible with life, which is discovered at the 20-wk ultrasound. How can you be so cruel?!?!
Unconstitutional. It will be challenged. You guys really don’t have the slightest clue as to how to govern. Sad!
You are literally disgusting. Who do you think WANTS an abortion at 20-weeks?!?!
What we need now is a ban on assault rifles! #GunControlNOW
This is very disappointing Senator. I wish I could sit down with you and talk about my personal experience with it.
no. Thanks. @SenJeffMerkley @RonWyden
Leave our bodies alone.  They belong to us.  Unless you've been in that situation you have NO standing
Agreed, 20-week abortions are too long! Even the worst doctor should be able to do them in an hour
So you recall pain felt at 18 mos. or under gas for surgery? Weird. Pain is an unavoidable feature of being human. Propaganda junk science!
You should be ashamed of yourself.
how about a bill forcing ALL heterosexual pubescent males to snip & freeze their testicles til they are married & of breeding age? #inners
Of course. GOP always brings up abortion when its immorality in every other area has been dominating headlines.
Isn’t this against your basic view of Federalism? I know the one u used for ACA repeal? #stayoutofmybody
Also, how about a ban on the AR-15? Someone killed 52 people in less than ten minutes two days ago. But abortions are the problem? You suck.
So do people who are shot in mass shootings, so let's start with some sensible bans there, shall we??? #GunControlNow
#youaredespicable
Because a woman should be legally forced to carry a dead fetus and threaten her future fertility to make you feel better.
Really trying to wrap my head around why old white men and gay men get the notion they should rule a woman's body!
Good god, please get replaced soon. Abortion is NOT a gov regulation issue. How abt climate change, gun control, stuff that makes us safe?
As I constituent of yours I am ASHAMED by you’re feckless & arbitrary rules. Stop worrying about unborn children & help the 1s here NOW!
If you actually cared about human lives you’d ban assault weapons instead of lining your pockets from NRA $$. You spineless pass 4 a human!
2/2 Who is going to make sure these children go to school, get fed, have good parents, take them to the doctor? Not Republicans I bet!
Old men in ties should not be deciding the reproductive choices of young & middle-aged women.
Thought Republicans want to get more govt out of our lives not more govt into our lives! Why is it men who want restrictions? 1/2
One more thing! Is there any provision for the health of the mother?
You have no right to tell a woman what she can do with her body!  You won't even give the living healthcare and above minimum wage jobs.
It's a start-Keep up the fight sir!
Criminalizes abortion except in cases of rape, incest or threat of life to mother. Most birth anomalies aren't detected before then.
Keep your politics out of our uteri!!! This decision should be between the patient and doctor.
Don't you have something important to do, like hold a press conference where you announce this is your last term in Congress?
What hypocrisy. Who are you to legislate reproductive decisions  while scrambling to end laws that promote actual prenatal care?
Sen Graham, please don't worry about women's bodies. They'll be fine. Instead, save us from the narcissistic psychopath in the White House.
Forcing women to give birth. SICKENING.
How about introducing the "Pain Capable Gunshot Victim Protection Act"?
You have issues with women, especially women who are strong,competent,successful making decisions about their bodies.#MalePrivilege MYB
Wish you'd introduce a bill that says everybody who helps force  this on a woman must help take care of child once born
...spend more time tracking "good ol' boy" penis trails and keep your fingers out of OUR birth canal!
You may like playing "follow YOUR guy"
