They aren't citizens. They can't vote. They also can't receive any federal.benefits such as welfare or food stamps.
Sorry I meant Medicare not Medicaid. But again it's programs they pay into by being given a SS number.
If Trump extended the illegal DACA then the Democratics would be yelling impeachment due to illegal act involving DACA. Another demo trap
No kidding Lindsey.Where was your big liberal mouth THEN? Support your @potus.Support the law AND USA #maga #deplorables @circa @dailycaller
Lindsey is the new LIVESHOT Kerry
Is it my imagination or does Lindsey Graham change his position on every issue every day?
And they did NOTHING about it until Trump forced their hand. Disingenuous.
Senator, would you please quit calling the people brought illegally into this country by their parents KIDS! Their average age is 26!!!
He should been impeached may be still possible 
What's the difference in "overreach" between a Muslim ban and DACA?
Did he?
ACA, tax reform, daca the list of failed policies are endless. What a mess the past administration left!!
#fixitnow 
#middleclasstaxpayer
The Obama administration was shameful! Left this country in a mess!
Somebody had to do something and the House & Senate were doing nothing. Call it "overreach" if it makes you feel better.
If he did what have you said or done about it before today. Loser. Trump is going to send you all recalling when he goes thru, blames you
Obama was within his legal right as president. That DT wants to rescind it is petty cruel and based on Obama envy. And Fox is our RT. Sad.
You are delusional, go away!!
Congress should have created a law before #DACA or even after. Why the wait? Why not be proactive instead of reactive?
It doesn't matter who's the president. The Republicans can't do anything and with a person like trump it's impossible.
That man only cares about what helps him he'll never get my vote again
no obama didn't overreached and he was telling the con artist it was another bad move
@Warx2TheMovie @LindseyGrahamSC @BarackObama zhe spit on the constitution.
I love how all these white people are all up-in-arms over what a black man tried to do to help a lot of brown people. Racist much?
Please stay off of  the American version of Russia Today.....Fox news
He broke many
Nothing says I hate lower and middle class Americans than flooding our country with cheap labor to suppress wages.  This is the agenda.
Lol. You really think businesses that were paying lower wages will suddenly double their hourly wage?
Only because the GOP failed to pass any immigration reform in the first place. Not buying that historical revision baloney.
Thank you!  
why don't you ask Lindsay Graham about the deal he made with crooked Clinton
Please Senator, we want u to concentrate on what WILL be done, NOT what has been done. Obama clearly painful for u. Question is why so?
like to see you clowns look a dreamer in the face and spew this nonsense
Look at Lindsey, big RINO! Shame on you!!!
He wants to create a #racewar but #multicolored Americans aren't so easily played.
For years Congress has willingly relinquished its power to the Executive branch. Stop the faux outrage over the result Senator.
A President feeling Compassion for 800.000 basically Amer.who live a clean life is Bad ? And destroying Peoples lives is Good ?Yup its Reps.
How many of these dreamers became citizens since Obama broke the law
Annnd you stick the RINO Graham  up there?
He wouldn't have had to reach at all if congress would have passed a bill. Overreached? Somebody had to do something humane. So, what now?
@BarackObama "overreached" by tackling a major problem while a gerrymandered Congress was paralyzed.
Furthermore, Congress -- or Trump -- will largely have to emulate Obama's "overreach" in 6 months.  Empty rhetoric: thy name is GOP.
He sounded mighty pretty.......@FoxNews Hold the gun to his head,,please!
You guys let him and stood by why he did it
Wall Street controls immigration policy not Washington.  And yes they want to keep the flow of cheap labor coming in.  Working class suffers
Now they need to end Graham!
Big business and politicians don't want to stop illegal immigration.  They need to keep wages suppressed so they can line their pockets.
He thought he was elected as a dictator Obviously didn't understand or care about the Constitution or our laws #DeportIllegals
Quit with the politicizing of #DACA. It's gross. Do your job and protect these people. Get off the shows and do something. Geez.
Travel Ban travel ban travel ban travel ban
He forgot to mention they have needed law reform for years, this lays at  congress feet! This is NOT President Trumps fault
This is 100% on Obama he didn't have the power as president to create the law in the first place.
Obama is obviously still DESPERATELY seeking a "LEGACY". What a PATHETICALLY INSECURE man. @realDonaldTrump must be his worst nightmare.MAGA
Ending DACA was 100% appropriate. OBAMA grossly ABUSED his POWER. The LAWS of our country are to be followed or changed through LEGISLATION.
There is a context for Obama's "overreach." Congress failed to deal with the Dreamers. Graham misleading at best.
GOP refused to pass any  immigration reform Now play the blame game. Like Trump your always the victims
If not for executive orders Trump will have accomplished, nothing at all. Which is just slightly less than his actual accom #hypocrites
Over reached??? Obama didn't Vet or do Background checks! HE IGNORED THE LAW again!  DACA is ILLEGAL!
Keep it up Graham Hannity and You are making Obama bigger and more beloved
Your party is the MAJORITY in both houses. Take some responsibility.
Overreached cause R's wouldn't do their job and act in the best interest of Americans. Left that part out.
Obama overreached to get the Hispanic vote for a second term. Disgusting that he gave false hope w/DACA
Lindsay can't figure out what side of the dance floor he wants to be on This, ladies & gentlemen, is known as "shuck & jive"! WHO'S tune 
NOW @POTUS to Exec. Order repeal of 13th Ammendment and abolish Proclamation 95.  #HeilTrump 
@realDonaldTrump to Make Amerikkka White Again
Over-reached sterile way of saying broke separation of power laws.
Isn't it sweet that you continue to attack and blame Obama for the GOP House and Senate impotence. Sorry Linsey, that doesn't work anymore.
No one in Congress cares about average Americans. Just want us to hand over our paychecks to pay for your stuff u feel entitled to
Lindsey is a traitor. He was bribed by Hillary Clinton to undermine Trump. His words and statements are lies.
Graham doesn't mention that Obama only issued the DACA exec order after DACA legislation passed house but was filibustered by GOP in senate
@LindseyGrahamSC you people in congress failed.
why ARE YOU GIVING THIS IDIOT any PRESS TIME fox....
So speaks a man who can't get anything accomplished with a r in the wh and r control of both houses #underreach
Graham is a RHINO! Gang of Eight all for AMNESTY! Vote out RHINO's! We need true Conservatives to support Trump & Constitution! 
Trump tramples the constitution, read a book.

You should have upped or downed the Dream Act. But you waffled. He had the same power to save dreamers as trump does to ban Muslims.
They had the votes in 2009. If Liberal Democrats were serious about it then, they would have done it then. It's a political ploy.

It would be interesting to see what wages the DACA parents were paid here & their children. They said many kids were lost 2 child labor??
Go you home illegal people
We know damn well with DACA or no DACA  no one will be deported
This is a media issue Just another item to bring division to the country
@LindseyGrahamSC Born & raised in SC! If u and ur buddies in Congress did ur jobs, President's hands wouldn't been forced to act! Blame YOU!
@LindseyGrahamSC You can stop playing stupid politics now! From 2001-2017, Congress failed to act on Dreamers and DACA! Congress did!!
So saving kids is a bad thing from a GOP standpoint.  Trump signs more EO's destroying America & gets applause for it.  I support Obama.
Stop chain migration. 
Every one of the daca ppl comes with a dozen relatives. 
Stop ALL immigration from Mexico for 15 years.
Please Sir protection right
Yesterday he said something very different. When people change their tune overnight, you kinda wonder who is pulling the strings.
Oh bullshit!! There was no over reach and no court ruled on DACA. That is an opinion and not fact of law. They trot these lies out too often
And trump hasn't????   
So get Congress to hurry up and replace it, they have 6 months. Although you wouldn't know because nobody is mentioning that fact #GoFigure
Ya think Lyndsey??? He broke the law
Just don't forget healthcare and tax reform
No shit
How is this different than the President creating a transgender ban? #daca
I think it's called having a heart and being a good Christian. None of which the @GOP or Trump have/represent.
#Leadership requires taking difficult steps when no other options are available.
there's always obaying the law 
Yes-
Let Obama himself tell you why DACA was unconstitutional
Graham still must go.  Time him to retire.
If that's what you call saving kids who have never been to Mexico, don't speak Spanish and only know U.S as their home then so be it.
But Trumps EOs are just fine!
strengthen our borders & legitimize those currently in DACA a pathway to America while stopping further incentives for illegal immigration.
DJT did the right thing. Treating the symptom rather the borders & Immigration is not a solution. Congressional legislation will......
