Good. Maybe you can get the Pres to stop playing golf and holding white power rallies long enough to actually do some good for the USA. 
Clean up your country first, you have a frightened narcissistic con man as your Leader. US in more trouble because of GOP Leaders
You should probably visit the White House to talk about it.
Sir no one is talking about jobs anymore after that pardon people think you main man is above the law
Mr Graham, your passive and active support of Dear Leader is a dangerous disappointment. What you are doing will be recorded in history.Sad.
Well said. 
Yeah, right.  You mean tax cuts and corporate welfare, yes? Stop with the BS, even us Sane GOPers (or Ex in my case) know GOP is full of it.
Traders! Support Trump's agendas or get out. Your priorities are wrong- more concerned with re-election.
A pardon for Arpaio? Come on Senator, time for Trump to go! When is enough enough?!
go out the into the communities and do research on the world today! @GOP is stuck in the last century!
Used to respect you... no longer..
 U R complicit.
Traitor. Go down the drain. Leave the Senate
1. Nice that there was no advance notice.  2.  Still kissing trump??
Talk about removing Trump from office!!
Should be talking about why he has bad mouthed Trump so much to the tune of getting nothing productive done.
U, @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan R completely out of touch. You'd think with the Nazi in the oval you'd be doing everything to calm nerves.
If you want to help the country take Trump down! Unhinged lying racist grifting traitor.
IT'S really too bad your news all comes from one source... Communist News Network.  Stop taking in the propaganda and Think beyond emotions.
Looks like you have quite a crowd there traitor! You ready to be replaced by a real patriot?
You aren't getting anything done until we get rid of Trump.  First things first.
IT'S NOT YOUR JOB TO CREAT JOBS. Just get government off the backs of those who do! Cut job killing taxes, regulations.  We will do the rest
You're a joke and history will be harsh
Funny, Lindsey talks while @POTUS does.
Remember VC Summer shut down!
ugh
Can you get fed govt to modernize interstates in SC, or is that against your religion? #SCThirdWorld
Dear Lindsey,How about we repeal obamacare. @POTUS is working on job creation,real jobs,good jobs not the blow-jobs we get out of you lot.
Heard there was a hostage situation in Charleston.  Praying for a good outcome and thinking of your state Senator Graham.

Job creation is fantastic.  
But how about some livable wage incomes for a change. $$$
Tell us about Svoboda Party. Ill wait...
Thats what we should be talking about...We voted for President Trump for JOBS, not for being politically correct.   Liberals don't get it
 Can't blame you he did promise plenty, guess he was lying abt Healthcare, draining the swamp & MAGA, but hey at least he's still racist.
As a doctor, Obamacare is destroying physicians who don't belong to ACO's. We are going bankrupt. Must abolish Corrupt ACO's.
After your next election you might need job creation.
Why would you talk about something your so against. Start supporting our President or stepdown And let someone that will
Coward.  Traitor.
LETS TALK ABOUT GOV SHUTDOWN, RUSSIA AND TRUMP. COLLUSION
Please talk about getting rid of 45
Just a reminder of what one of the most respected men in the senate once said...
Checkk mii next post, i'"ll unlock the doors, bequick
Didn't vote for Trump. Did vote for you. Several times as I recall. Expect that trend to continue. Thx for your commitment to SC.
Follows Trumps bluepri
Cross-hair window design.
Are you knocking Obama some more? Or just being complicit with the biggest clown in the Oval Office? Both (Cuz you're a multi-tasker)?
You will never enact any legislation while the mentally unfit guy YOU enabled sits in the White House. This is on you. You are all complicit
Good luck with that... #PsychoPresident
Hey u should enjoy your last term in office. Becuz reelection isnt in the cards. Perhaps be honest and put a D behind your name 
Why would anyone listen to you!! Do your job!! Your lose it!!
The #USera=#THEusERA is introduced in this book: (#Chapter4=#JoshUsera)
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/0997852046/ref=dp_ob_neva_mobile …

#WelcomeToTheUsEra #AllHumansOnPlanetEarth!
#CompleteRepealOfObamacare
I see Sean Spicer in the background.
Is he a part of the POTUS SS force now?
The only jobs Graham will create are the same jobs Trump creates -> Lawyers to defend the GOP.

We've Under New Management.  Whites Only.
U should bw talking impeachment
How does government create jobs?  See DC for example....
How about stop "talking about it" and do something. Enough with the dumb meetings already.
How about raisin the minimum wage to liveable for South Carolinians? That on the agenda or do you think you could sustain on $7.25/hr?
I'm sure my voice doesn't matter to you since I'm a sexworker but I'd also like to point out I started camming bc I couldn't pay bills
working a job on  a barely running vehicle that still didn't pay enough.  One that was "respectable" & I made a better living camming.
it's funny I moved to OR where min wage is now $10.25, hubs & I BOTH find jobs, & now I don't need camming as much bc I actually make $10
at my regular job, I make more working FAST FOOD IN OREGON than I did working at DOCTORS OFFICE in SC. #perspective
No you're not.
He's a tool and a fool!! Drain the swamp!!
When will you help us and sign the paperwork to have trump and vp removed. How can u stand with that loser and his side kick
- retro tax CUTS NOW them tax reform we don't have time for you guys !
What? Trying to do actual work!? #notrumpwatch
The only thing that needs to be 'Repealed and Replaced' is Donald J Trump. This is a VERY dark time in the history of the United States 
Get behind @POTUS Lindsey. Need to realize you are loosing ground.
Can you talk about the unbalanced liar & rage-tweeter w/the nuclear codes & ties to Russia? Can you talk about that please? Sir? We need you
Remember to thank POTUS for bringing jobs back!!
Impeach the racist in the oval office. You are stalled until you do.
Still not taking about our #UnfitPotus. Ignoring it makes you complicit.
Right... don't you mean slave creation and destruction of anything that promotes love and equality?
I hope you talk about IMPEACHING the crazy President. #justsaying #ImpeachTrump
How about discussing the 25 th Amendment? We have a very sick man in the Oval Office or an evil, hateful unstable dictator now unraveling.
So tired of you all talking.
You could sell tickets for your meetings like trump does. Advertise on Craigslist. Jobs Jobs Jobs.
How's that impeachment talk going or didn't you get your lb of flesh off the backs of Americans yet? Payment for selling your soul
#Traitor
We wish the president had the same mindset.
Which you will undoubtedly Never get done because @gop is too busy crying fake news, cry it to Faux News and actually get something done
Sir, I have the utmost respect for you. I appreciate your being candid concerning our nation's serious problems with POTUS. Thank you, sir!
Thank you for getting out & talking with people. Please take time to talk with members of congress about removing trump. He is getting worse
You all need to be talking about an intervention for Trump! Your agendas will not go anywhere until he is out of office! #presidentloco
Man, At least they could've had  iron those table cloths.
#CensureTrump
Do NOT trust You One Bit~You too need to get out of DC Swamp
    We know who you are LG
And talk about how you lied to the people of SC!!!! #RINO #Traitor
Why are you still talking? You care more about what you can get out of #Trump than our own country. Take a hike
...9/11 was an inside job
probably will end up talking about the big orange elephant in the room
Key is Population Growth (read immigration)  and free trade, the rest of the world is growing with or without us
Support President Trump agenda.
Here's a quick tip--next time pull the curtains to avoid bad backlighting of the picture. Also #25thAmendment
Way to go Senator. Fan of yours from north of the border.
Hey Lindsey when are you and fellow GOP going to put an end to this reign of terror by this sociopath #45!
How will the discussion go today? The people will say we need jobs and higher wages. You will say yes you do. Gotta run
That was a good one!
Where is the laugh button? lol
.trickle down never works @foxnewspolitics more disposable $ 4 consumers that is job creator #econ101 @chucktodd
Tax cuts for W2 employees?
Hopefully they didn't make you stand in front of the window for too long...
How about promote Trump's agenda of TAX CUTS. That will solve the problem.  #TaxReform17
For W2 employees!
Uh, maybe go back to D.C. Draft some damn articles.... impeach him you cowards!
Why don't you resign and let Trump do his.
That sounds fun.

Awesome!!!!! 
Will you be holding a town hall there so you can dialogue with us?
that's a really horrible picture
Can you please vote to deny nukes to Trump. He is volatile and lacks judgment
Mean while at the WH..
Thank you, Senator Graham, for working in my home county.
As long as there's an insane person sitting in the Oval Office, nobody wants to talk about anything else. Conservative agenda is dead 4 now.
You're boring. You've had HOW LONG to do this? 
Great! Don't forget to talk about the monster at 1600!
Your guy retweeted this:
 
Thank you this is one of the first post I've read this morning that was positive. Keep up the great work and fight the good fight
I hear they're looking for magicians & alchemists who can take the dirty out of coal.
How about you all get back to doing your job and make our country safe from Trump? Gop is hurting America. Wake up.
hey buddy your boy is having a titty attack be a dear and go give him some warm milk
What about your unhinged twittering president of yours? Are you going to talk about him?
President Trump is creating jobs and you will be voted out of office
First 6 mos. 2016 - 1,223,000 new jobs.
2017 - 1,074,000 new jobs.
2017 1st 6 mos. is the lowest in 6 years. Look it up.
Wrong info. Get your facts straight!
Duh, we were in the Great Recession. My info is 100% correct!
Keep track and watch Trump's success in 8 yrs.  To ELITES Obama and losing DEMS
I'm watching. Zero agenda items passed, and we're still operating under the 2016 budget. Promised to slash debt, pushing to raise it.
Trump and Americans are fighting  the Swamp who care nothing for you. Enjoy Obama Care
I'm an American who served his country for 22 years. Trump is a pseudo patriot who is adding effluent to the swamp.
How about you talk about invoking an Amendment?
Ask why there are so many trailers in sc
