I thought it was "america first", not "my party first".
These Republicans will be forever stained by their own actions.
I was a republican until Trump.  Their blind approval has turned me off, likely forever
I see.  Because I dont blindly support everyone with an (r) after their name?
Let's not fight among ourselves, at this point sanity is the baseline.
I know that's my point.
They got to you, didn't they?
Watching the firings at State -- hope whatever Tillerson $$$ you got was worth the sale of any patriotism you could claim.
coward and hypocrit.
Well, what else did anyone expect of @LindseyGrahamSC. Toeing the GOP line; confirming unqualified, incompetent, extremist GOP nominees
GOP are afraid of #45. Stand up for America. You work for us! He's a bully and you are letting him win. Buck up!
@CBSNews Graham a team player like super bowl we voted  him to support Trump100% @realDonaldTrump bottom line ORhesOUT
and I will like you.
I will donate money to your opponent in your next election.
I agree with you. In 2 yrs. we can change the senate. My red state is going to have a new civil war of blue.
just like Hillary Clinton was going to win right? lol
You should be ashamed of yourself.
What a cowardly move. @LindseyGrahamSC
I will support whoever challenges you. You have endangered America. You surrendered to Trump & Russia. Betrayed nation.
the Midwest is concerned. Please don't let him ruin America

We thought since you had stood firm refusing to vote Trump, you would rise up for America. Cowardly traitor!
Pls do not vote to confirm Tillerson. Obvious that he has conflicts of interest & dealings w Russia.  Country over party.
Bought and paid for by big oil. Spineless!
Why? I thought you were standing up for America's interests.
what a crock of crap!
how much do you stand to gain for that "VOTE"?
You are betraying your country and we see you doing it.
No, NO, No!!!
@CBSNews Graham a team player like super bowl we voted  him to support Trump100% @realDonaldTrump bottom line ORhesOUT.
Horrible decision. I thought you and @SenJohnMcCain were stronger than this.
Shame on you - and you were my favorite republican.

I'll take tillerson if he votes against sessions
NO BALLS LINDSEY
sell out
chickenshit! $$$  bought&sold to highest bidder.  Hell maybe #Tillerman can keep Trump in line better than you.
I can live with that but please not De Voss.  Just no
where's your backbone?He only wants rid of Russian sanctions so he can get at the oil. A vote for him isn't American.
@CBSNews Graham a team player like super bowl we voted him to support Trump100% @realDonaldTrump thats bottom line ORhesOUT
@CBSNews Graham a team player like super bowl we voted  him to support Trump100% @realDonaldTrump bottom line ORhesOUT..
This will surely make you a very very wealthy man. Hope it pays  enough to clear your conscience..
Oh honey, y'all know he doesn't have one of those!
congrats! you have proven yet again that the R party puts politics ahead of country.
God bless you
Coward @LindseyGrahamSC
Since John McCain doesn't have a twitter and his phone line is always down can you tell him I said he's a coward too? @LindseyGrahamSC
@SenJohnMcCain Here's his twitter
.@LindseyGrahamSC Sell out. Not one nominee is worthy of representing any posting within the US Government. So, you're a fascist too.
did you just become smart or were you holding out ? 
@ggreenwald Turns our borscht is not bad.
You and McCain are the very few GOP I thought had the guts to protect us from Putin. What happened?
#disappointed
terrible! What a disgrace.
@Betterw05759703 why? Did they take your balls?
@Betterw05759703 so you chose party over country, hope the Republican Party destroys themselves, WE WILL REMEMBER
#election2018
not surprised! Once a snake....you fill in the rest
afraid @POTUS was going to publicize your phone number again? 
spineless!
Please reconsider, Tillerson is a bad fit for State.
spend so much time talking tough, but put your tail between your legs and fall in line with the rest of the right. #coward
just held out for his own piece - he is the worst kind
Coward
.@LindseyGrahamSC That's pathetic given his lack of experience and connections with Russia. You talk tough but always toe the line.
You know it's wrong and still you do it. Travesty. Shameful.
Wise men say the further bad we look into the past the further we are able to see into the future. Dr. Seuss was amazing.
We will remember next election. U still have concerns about ties to Russia but confirming anyway? We will remember cowards.
I personally take back every time I thanked you. Except for this: Thanks for betraying people who supported you.
how far did you bend over for Putin? Hope he paid you enough
I clearly thought too much of you.
Bad move.  Great day for Putin.
You are an embarrassment to your country. Was that just a charade a few weeks ago or did someone wave a big check in your face? Sad.
Senator we're begging you not to confirm. Pls respond to the objections of your own constituents. You're here to serve US.
If you can't stand up to the puppet nominees why would you expect us to think you can stand up to Putin himself? Sell out.
I thought you were one of the sane GOP. Not any more.
No surprise there and the way to peace is continued illegal Israeli settlements.  Consistently immoral!
What's the point of the Russia investigation now? Putin's picks. I had faith in you. Typical #GOPValues
.@LindseyGrahamSC Putin first, country.... ?(please complete)
And when you push your agenda thru and then impeach DT, your name will still be Mudd to me.
Doesn't get more unpatriotic than this. Why have hearings, Lindsey Rubber Stamp?  Spineless, but not surprising.
Thank you for doing the right thing!
Very disappointing.
Spineless, craven wimp; typical republican.
Pathetic
Party over country. Again
Latest Picture of Lindsey Graham after announcing support for Rex Tillerson
wonderful!
I hope you speak Russian, because we'll all be speaking it soon thanks to Rex.
Traitor #Corporate money got to him a@d McCain
Grow a spine. Fear of Exxon money in your primary?
you had a chance to redeem yourself .. so you gonna look the other way in Russia now
Yeah? Why? Friend of yours?
so you are also gonna invest in Exxon offshore and become a billionaire. This will lead to lifting sanctions on Russia
uh-oh LG now gets to experience the wrath of lib ignorance like the rest of us cause he FINALLY stands with real Americans.
Keeping with the slogan of Making Russia Great Again...
#asshat
THIS IS NOT THE WILL OF YOUR VOTERS!!!  Do what is right, not what the party tells you.
damn right you will, punkass
I am disappointed by this.
Coward.
@Potus @marcorubio @JohnMcCainDaily Shame.
you just lost my vote in the next election.
Really you guys are clowns !!!!
coward!
поздравления товарищ!  #MRGA
Look at what has happened to the party of Reagan. #reallysad
Rex Tillerson is a friend of the KGB agent that attacked the USA and it's democracy. Period.
#AlternativeMaverick
HOW DOES IT FEEL "SOUTHERN BELLE "GRAHAM THAT YOU & RW CONGRESS JUST TURNED#TRAITOR !im sure #exxon rewarded you all nicely
Oh LG say it isn't so. Really?  How will this benefit America?
.@LindseyGrahamSC isn't it hard to stand without your spine? #spineless #partyfirst
bye Lindsey.
Coward.

Please stop pretending to defy Trump. We see you now.
you should be ashamed of yourself
coward
Amen!!!!
join your fellow traitors of the American people and the planet.
you came out swinging against Russian interference then vote to confirm someone with clear Russian ties? Real patriotic 
Shame on you.  No guts, no glory.  American expected better
you're better than this. U know he's bad for US. Party over principle. Not much of a leader to vote against your conscience
Thanks for more corruption. Average Americans our out here working. We shouldn't have to police you people to do your job.
We work a full time jobs AND have to police you people to do your jobs appropriately. And how much do you people get paid?
What is happening in our government right now is disgusting. We should all be ashamed of ourselves.
So you are Full of Malarkey too! Despicable! Your moral compass is broken too.
don't be a coward. Stand up for America
not okay
We believed you would defend our nations' interests. But no, you are confirming a man whose ties with Russia concern you...
Thank you for backing unbridled corporate greed at the expense of the people!
Why? What changed your mind, sir?
Spineless.
I *almost* respected you @LindseyGrahamSC
Thanks a shit ton, Senator Creepy Avatar @LindseyGrahamSC
enjoy your job while it's lasts because we're getting you out
Why don't u and the rest of the GOP just hand the whole damn country over to Putin?! Sell out!
LETS BRING MORE GREEDY BILLIONAIRES TO HELP OUR NEW "PEOPLES PRESIDENT!!"
@cherokeesher2 What happened to "America First". Traitor 
then you *sir* will soon be unemployed
@cherokeesher2 Dear Senator: Shame on you. Signed, your constituent in Summerville, SC.
Again you have failed your country, tovarich
You needn't have tweeted, Miss Scarlet. Have a mint julep and drop dead!
As a Republican who supports your president there shouldn't have been any doubt you would vote yes.
Spineless POS. We will remember your big show and no action. As usual
you've elevated your voice in opposition, despite being counter to fellow GOP. It's disappointing that you acquiesce now.
Then I will donate my time and my money to your opponent.
So very disappointing!  :(
@redmcgraw1 We will give u what u deserve a defeat in 2 years.
@SenJohnMcCain Didn't take much to have you selling us out to Vladimir Putin... Empty Suits.
Well of course you will.
Graham: Russians hacked my campaign email account @CNNPolitics http://cnn.it/2hGOOtr 
@WiccanMethusela What's in it for you?  Why are you in such a hurry to jump into conflict w China?
Well I guess the swamp will never be drained with all these billionaires in the cabinet.
you seemed like a reasonable man. country first. so ashamed of you.
Figures.
@redmcgraw1 Why does he sound like an automated message?
What's with Mike Rogers bill to get rid of The UN? My family who has served in 3 wars is upset about this.
why? where are tillerson's tax returns? put the country before the party. be a hero.
I am disappointed in your decision to ignore the voice of supporters like myself. You have lost my vote next election.
@marlojen wish you wouldn’t!
Why?! Why did you cave?! #Tillerson
@margbrennan I'm not saying we shouldn't help the helpless but those combatants weren't helpless both sides were armed
say goodbye to your seat, Senator
@margbrennan Mr Graham and Mr McCain got us Involved in a civil war in a country that wouldn't buy toilet paper from us
DON'T!!!!
Dear Diary,
It's sooo much easier when they have no spine! Amazing lack of spine. Best no spine. Very, very elegant.
You're dead to me.
Putin has long arms and deep pockets.
Your a fool if you vote to let any of his nominees in
Yea!!!!
Noooooo
Coward
absolutely!I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed & agree,Rex Tillerson as secretary of state,although careful to policy.
I really thought you had more integrity. You people disgust me!
Rex Tillerson is going to make $500B for Exxon with Russia thanks to your GOP kneepads. Don't forget your lipgloss. 
@margbrennan spoiler alert
Enjoy your last days in office. Voters have had enough of you and the GOP
very disappointed. Country before party! History will not judge u kindly!
I will start a campaign to make sure you are never voted in to office again!
I live in SC. I will hold this against you. Thought you would put country first.
I'm hoping the new SecState supports the DSS special agents, to prevent security disasters.
I have been impressed w your willingness to stand up. Disappointed if it was just posturing.
Thank you 
that's disappointing
Party over country, eh Lindsey?
@MSNBC @LindseyGrahamSC The millions around the world desperately plead "Vote no Tillerson" #Lindsey for Secretary of State
How can you support w/ all the investigation into Russia, Flynn, list grows everyday? Show some backbone man!
I'm not even disappointed, I'm resigned - in the end, whatever you said re: Russia, I knew you'd betray the people.
Why?
sorry to hear that, I am not convinced he is the person for this position.
traitor
- I cannot believe Sir, that you are so weak willed. The older of the GOP need to be voted out. YourTimeisOver
Falling in line like a lemming heading for a cliff
not good!
Sell out.. You just gave Russia to the US.  Glass house, stones.
Of course you would, 
Spineless jelly fish...
BOO BOO #Shame
WHY? Tell us you no longer see evidence that you are now blind. What made you blind? GOLD? This is CRIMINAL NOT PARTISAN!
I'm immoderately disappointed in your lack of integrity, sir. What happened to your "concern" about Russia? #TheResistance
shame on you
why?  You know he's not qualified.
