Obamacare is failing and can never be fixed – it must be replaced.
Money and power OUT of Washington sent back to the states is the best hope to save American health care.
I’m very confident it’s not a matter of IF we pass #GrahamCassidy-Heller-Johnson....

it’s only a matter of WHEN.
I don't appreciate his tweets about @SenJohnMcCain
This. I can’t respect anyone who continues to suck up to Trump who has continued to go after McCain 1 of 2
I fully respect the @NFL for showing solidarity for each other even if they don’t agree with taking a knee. Senate could learn from them
Everyone benefits when our elected officials work in a bipartisan way.
Of course you appreciate it. You are making rally empty as he is.
Thanks for screwing up everything----as always
U kissing his behind
"Leadership?" @LindseyGrahamSC ?? He golfs, lies, colludes w/ foreign powers to rig elections & makes illegal $$$. That is not "Leadership."
Lindsey, has your account been hacked or have you just lost your mind?
Phooey.  What leadership?  Demand for a health bill that POTUS doesn't even have a CLUE what's in it? You plan stinks. That's why its dead.
@SenBobCorker @SenAlexander @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy this is on YOU! Devastation & Neglect of Americans is on your souls. #SHAME #maria
Your days are numbered representing South Carolina.
Cowards and cheating liars.
Our tax dollars are being funneled to God knows what but it's not for leadership. You couldn't govern your way out of a paper bag.
You still don't get it! Trump would endorse a trained monkey, if it was able to bring him something to sign.
Do you appreciate him sabotaging to Obamacare in the meantime?
You dont support him. You are a Democrat and a Never Trumper. You amaze me with your lack of understanding of what we voted for. Disgusted
He is no Democrat. Look at his voting record.
Instead of rattling on about a failure, how about you step up and speak about Puerto Rico. Show us our tax dollars are going to something
Besides secret service & chartered private flights.
Right!
Enrollment for 2018 ACA is Nov 1 and ends Dec 15. Trump reduced the ADVERTISING funds by 90% to announce when people can enroll.
The people were really depending on Sen. Graham to stand for Fairness and Justice but it never happened.
Disappointed with you.  I thought you might have a heart.
You and Cassidy didnt have a clue or care about how many people you would hurt with your bogus bill. You are repulsive and mean so is Trump
How could you appreciate POTUS leadership for Repeal and Replace.. he didn’t have a clue how many would be hurt
Maybe if you would talk across the aisle there would be ideas for fix. Millions of Americans are covered and happy- fix what's broken.
Lindsey-why are you drinking the Kool Aid?
Your so-called health care plan was horrible, and you know it.
Oh,go away already...smh
I really don't appreciate the efforts of either of you.
That's  NOT true. Sit down and try to fix it there is the framework, don't start from the git go all over again.   ASININE starting over!!
Just plain BS, you had to know  because you wrote it. I felt like  you & McCAIN would always do the right thing. You have disappointed me!!!

Senator Graham Stop Kissing Up To This Fascist Racist Lying Coward, Embarrassment to Office of #POTUS & Our Nation Impeach #senatorcitizens
If You Don’t Chop Off The Head U Can’t Kill The Beast Congress STAND-UP America Needs Patriots Not Cowards Impeach #POTUS! #senatorcitizens
A Fascist Is In The Oval Office America Raise Your Flags Upside-Down To Tell Congress Impeach #POTUS ! #senatorcitizens
Senator Graham come on, you know DT did not even know what was in the bill. Y’all quit covering for him.
Whatever.  Now will you please work on a bipartisan solution.
Senator Graham,  I have lost all respect for you. What has Donald Trump promised u for turning your back on Americans
What leadership? He thinks the bill failed because of the Senator who he THINKS is hospitalized. I know you want to be loyal, but really?
You mean his failure? Aren't you a little mad he was more concerned with football, Lindsey?
To be sure,
I'm very happy about his failure too.
Senator, the right has been taking for SEVEN YRS to R&R Obamacare. It was either talk or the GOP is deeply divided.
‘leadership’
When did you turn into such a Trump suck-up?  And why? I live in SC and always vote. You are out of touch. Pay attention to us, not donors.
I prefer his, and your,  determination were to help the American people.

I don't - and I don't appreciate you trying to strip American women from our reproductive health care.
Watch your syntax please. It can evolve, like everything else.  It is not failing unless you people sabotage it.
Yes  we all that were opposed to it appreciate it too- It worked out great --KEEP IT UP!
Sycophant

Sir, you are clueless. You offered a plan with a WORSE CBO score. And the public did NOT want it. Can you not see that?

@LindseyGrahamSC I have been SO proud to call you my Senator bc you have stood up to Trump when no one else did! WHY ARE YOU BACKING HIM NOW
Why on earth are you so opposed to bipartisan fixes - like L Alexander's? Will never understand GOP arrogance.
he trashes your friend and American hero, @SenJohnMcCain. Politics is a mighty disgusting thing.
Now all you need is vision.
Suck up
He's going down. Pledging allegiance to trump is like selling your soul to the devil
He makes fun of your best friend and yet you still worship him.  With friends like you McCain certainly doesn't need enemies.  Shame on you.
If you really want to get anything done you're going to have to distance yourself from the criminal in chief. You know he's crazy.
Stop.
Don't backtrack-you've been right-DT IS A VERY SICK MAN--please push for impeachment/indictment
#whatintheheck?
You disappoint me.
Remember when Trump or Cruz was choice btwn being poisoned or being shot? Where'd your spine go?
ha...are you afraid of his tweet storm if you don't kiss up? #seriously #sad #batteredandbruised
U must have no respect for yourself Lindsey if u are still supporting such an incompetent President who can only insult and bully to govern!
Sad and angry!
Cue the masturbation upon trump's ego
Stop kissing ass to the worst President in history.
I've always respected you Senator, not b/c I agree w/ all your points of view, but b/c of your character. I am now questioning my judgement!
Senator, it seems like you are compelled to compliment a person with a massive need for positive feedback...oh yes, it's POTUS45!
@LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS did not do anything to support your desire to kill the ACA. All I heard was the"love" you all had for another.
Total suck up to a guy who is a horror, only has 30% support and called u unable to got 1%
Stop!
So full of it. He didn't know what was in it. He campaigned for health care for all. Your bill was crap.
Neither one of them are good men. Graham is being paid well by someone. He's not married, nobody loves him & he doesn't love American's.
Are you nuts??????????????
Lindsey, you have lost more support, you are doomed to your status
What are u talking about? He's been bitching about kneeling.
You must be joking? @realDonaldTrump wouldn't know leadership if it smashed him in the face.
Now we know you lost your mind! 
Talk to people who know healthcare in each state,understand it first.a novel concept.im a healthcare consultant, talk to people like me.
Why are you turning into a sycophant just when I was starting to like you?
I appreciate it too because it got you nowhere.
You so disappoint me @LindseyGrahamSC.

You guys have screwed with this every way possible. Every other civilized nation has gone to single payer.  Are you that dense or that evil?
Maybe. ACA is good in some ways, but awful for small business
boo
Do what you promised. We are not as stupid as you think.
Just repeal the damn thing!!!!!!
Please leave and go back home. 7 years and done nothing.
Tell your AH buddy @SenJohnMcCain
What a suck up you've become.
Suck up much? The whole bunch of u will be just a blink of an eye...
Yeah. Right.
Lindsey #takeaknee meant something else but whatever I guess.
What cabinet post are you gunning for?  You really are a chameleon
you threw up a little in your mouth when you said that huh?
Oh please.
How hard was it for you to type this tweet thanking @POTUS for his "leadership & determination"? He's useless just like your proposed bill!

Lmao really? Wow? He helped kill it asshole, stop kissing ass @LindseyGrahamSC smh #DotardTrump
Blah blah blah sorry I was unable to succeed in taking insurance away from 32M
Anytime you use POTUS and leadership in the same sentence, just assume you're full of it.
Only way is by bipartisan approach.fix Ocare and call it Trumpcare.Obama won't mind bc Americans will hv healthcare!he cares abt Americans.
Then fix it without trying to screw us in the process. You used to be better than this. Your soul is starting to smell.
Shut up and get out the closet
What has happened to you? Afraid of a tea bagger challenge? Man up!
Repeal n replace, and throw millions of Americans, seniors,disabled n children off of healthcare.n your proud. U sir r sick
How'd that work out?
Forget the O and the T. PUS is really more apt.
ACA is failing because it is being sabotaged by the likes of you and your GOP cronies. To the detriment of our citizens.
Throwing up. Stop enabling this man with flattery. He has done nothing
Great plan. Even the medical community was against it as well as 3 members of your own party
He's an ignorant Vietnam draft dodger that cares nothing about America just the trump fortunes! Stand up to the draft dodger...
Wrong to destroy lives of millions. Shame
Enough kissing up already...
Republican fail policies. ObamaCare rule republicans drule
I don't think you know what appreciate means
Grow a spine Lindsay.
Why do you keep kissing his ass. You know it’s useless
You are such a disappointment to me. John McCain has more empathy and class in his little finger than you.
All GOP has done is sabatoge the ACA and made it worse. I agree it needs fixes but also requires bipartisan solutions!
What determination and leadership?
It doesn't matter what name you call it because it's  still #Trumpcare  This #GOP bill is nothing more than a tax break for the wealthy. 
He doesn't even know what is in the bill! You are his pawn. Grow a pair!
Huh? Leadership ?
Damn!!!!  Would have never never guessed you to be a kiss ass.  I've learned so much about ur prof character since 1.21.17.
Fail
I guess #secPrice did not bother to assist you. Too busy with social schedule.
Love the sarcasm, @LindseyGrahamSC ! Lost a lot of respect for you, trying to jam this horrendous bill down America's throat. Fund ACA.
Kiss ass. Again what happened to you. You really need to find a boyfriend

When will u listen to Americans. Please work with both sides. So discouraged with all your tweets
Nazis are fine people, grabs women by their vagina, Mexicans are rapists, but you really appreciate his leadership.


As he mocks John McCain  come on Senator
Lindsey go home take a cold shower and clear your brain of  otherwise you will be compared to Trump, all mouth and no action! 
Are you really fooling yourself or are you just trying to fool the American people with this public support for Trump?  Be honest!!
What is wrong with you?  You know he is clueless.
If your state is actively trying to sbaatage the system then yeah it's gonna fail. AK has done work to fix it at the state level.
Easy template for fixing issues at the national level and tell states to quit sabotaging the ACA so it will fail.
Since he's your homeboy and all why don't you speak to him about getting off the NFL and getting Puerto Rico some help. Worst president EVER



Lindsey's campaigning again for his job in SC, getting closer to the conservatives till after the election.
It's over. Move on.
Omg just STOP!! You know he doesn't understand anything about it!!!!
Determination, yes. But leadership? Are you kidding?
Hey Lindsey, wipe the brown off your nose from all that ass kissing. Remember how he treats McCain and McConnell! You will be next in line!
What about him mocking your friend and my senator @SenJohnMcCain ??
@LindseyGrahamSC Turncoat Graham is so fitting for you, snake
Turncoat Graham!!!
Senator, how can you support a man who does this?
.@mikeallen reports that @POTUS has been "physically mocking" @SenJohnMcCain, imitating how he did thumbs-down..1/ 

https://www.axios.com/trump-at-war-with-everyone-mocks-mccain-mcconnell-2490111904.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic …
Geez, Lindsey. U KNOW he's a national disaster & embarrassment, but u still grovel.  Sad & pathetic. @POTUS & "leadership" in same sentence?
You lie
He's making you look like a fool.
You have sold your soul, so very sad.
Determination without understanding the bill, what a SAD GROUP of lawmakers!!
Give me a break Senator. He doesn't know what was in the bill. He's a loose cannon and he needs to go. DO YOUR JOB. Protect America!

GOP- doing their best to accomplish absolutely nothing.
Biggggggg sucking sound
@davidfrum @chelseahandler “What’s the difference between a brown noser and a kiss ass?”......The depth of commitment!!
Ouch...
Yes, y'all deserve each other if you think he gives a rats ass other than getting something, anything passed so he can claim credit. Idiocy.
Lindsey Graham wants his name on the healthcare bill so the history will show his existence in congress. He should be liked McCain
Great... Still living in the past instead of working with Democrats!!! @SenSchumer
