Aren't there whole lot more ppl in California than SC? Block grants NEVER work well b/cz the ppl gov ALABAMA does NOT take care of it's ppl
And Georgia won't do it either! Who do you all serve? We the People or corporate pimps?
Can you say KOCH brothers? https://schiff.house.gov/news/press-releases/rep-schiff-introduces-constitutional-amendment-to-overturn-citizens-united … & http://action.americanpromise.net/page/s/ask-candidates-to-take-our-pledge?source=em170726 …
& more.They serve the corporate structure.No matter the %s, they ignore us.They live on their knees ifo the open zipper of their masters yuk
Could not watch another complete failure to uphold the wishes of those who actually pay for your gold h c plans as well as Ocare! Disgusting
Have some courage and speak to Trump. Be honest and recognise that by your silence you give consent to his blatant lies and destruction
Your data is misleading the 18 GOP states that didnt expand Medicaid or offer the Exchange of course got less amounts. It was GOP political
Just because those states had bad leadership and was against the ACA makes your data per state WRONG.
You're talking trash. Ca's economy is the 5th largest economy in the world. Their tax money supports your poor gop red-states.
I've never detested a group more than this @GOP. As a whole, you are corrupt, inept cowards that lie more than I've ever seen in my life
And they laugh all the way to the bank w/their corporate pimps' rewards. I've lived a long time & this most disgusting. They see us as dumb.
They sure do-living their lives off the backs of Americans and doing what the hell they want when they get to Congress. This crew is beyond
Maybe all Federal employees including Senate should have OCare for coverage.Maybe then the do nothing Senate would get the job done
THIS should be made into an amendment!! All Federal employees must have Ocare or whatever comes out at the end of this!
Meanwhile Trump tries to punish states for not being subservient to the Don
Another day of shame and disgrace in America. Most corrupt ,inept governing party ever in the US
You talk tough, sir, but talk is cheap. Pretty clear now you are just another Trump tool.
Trumps tax cut will take from th filthy rich and give to the middle class. The working people. Love it!
Shane shame 18% of America agree w u. McCain & I do not.
While u remove ins co's by making uncertainty & damage medicaid,
Ppl die frm delays
My Gbaby right to Life should not depend on the state her parents live.
Needs medicaid heart surgery.
Look at her b4 u gamble w her survival
No surprise Lindsey wanted us to Watch this live, but makes no apparent effort to make it easy to see what his excuses were!
It's obvious Lindsey is slipping into the role of #TrumpToady without regard to what the people he works for actually want.
Why?
You are a very evil man.  Your days in Washington will end soon.
@GOP skinny repeal? Really? Looks like time for new Republican faces needed & old ones out. That's to replace ones that sold us out.
Compassion should be part of it. Having to worry about losing one's home bec. of illness, makes getting well impossible.Humanity we beg for.
Do Not Repeal Revise and Improve #healthcare #HealthcareBill #HealthcareVote
I appreciate your firm stance on #trumprussia, but disturbing that you voted to strip health insurance from millions with no replacement.
I do not agree with you on this. I think it divides America. U know u can work together to correct ACA. You know u can. Be the hero, Lindsey
And thank you for being one of a few that take your responsibility seriously

Traitors! You ran and won on the Trump agenda of repeal and replace and now we find out the @GOP is a bunch of liar.
Trump is threatening @lisamurkowski  Our government is being run like the mafia. Can you stop this?
1st illegal immigrants are not "Cheaters" they're criminalsidentity/SS fraud & it is not a victimless crime (I should know I was a victim)
Graham, stop your virtue signaling like we're the bad ppl for wanting them deported.We didn't cross illegally their parents did, blame them!
w/ no better solutions proposed you blindly voted for the repeal/"replace" of the ACA- a disgrace to ur constituents
Oh and I hope it remains on your conscious that the repeal you voted for will cause thousands to lose their lives.
Please don't kill us all
Be a real member of the GOP ... repeal it as you promised #courage
what are you speaking on? #howtorepeal? #bankingmedicalagenda how much you all make? You all are Un-American
Thank you for standing up to Bully-In-Chief. Trump going down, along with all of your colleagues who are willing to jump off a cliff w/Trump
Unless you protect the ACA, no one wants to hear you.
Both parties House & Senate, a disgusting display of irony."Higher Education does NOT mean Higher Intelligence" Corruption/Stupidity exposed
Americans are witnessing in "'real time" what they have suspected for years, our elected officials are impotent regardless of party!  Talk
Speaking of robbing millions of healthcare while Congress & staff sit back & enjoy #ACA because of your exemption .
CBO just scored the “skinny repeal” bill. 16M Americans would lose insurance + 20% spike in premiums, per senior Dem aide
You lied to me you asked me for my vote u won't get it next time , You're a fraud
STOP talking & ACT....you talked the last 8 ruinous years.If you like your job work with the president NOW !!!
Nobody is above the law, not even your Soros cohort Hillary
R u serious about Clinton? Just cause she ran for prez..she is above law?
You become more #Deplorable as each day passes.  You gotta go
You guys plotting how to #FUCKOVER #Americans you #Republicans are getting good at that
Medicare for ALL. It works. It's in place. Please don't go backward.
As constituent of Cassidy, I know he speaks out of both sides of his mouth, he hides from constituents & promoted single payer as a Rep
I SURE HOPE YOU DIDNT SAY CLINTONS CRIMES SHOULD BE OVERLOOKED BECAUSE SHE IS A RIVAL,NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW NO ONE SO PROSECUTE HER NOW
If this goes wrong it will be known as the Murder Bill. 2018 hangs in the balance. President Tang is messing up America. Lives sir  lives.
How many lives has Obamacare messed up and continues to do so?
Saved you mean. Let's not portray high premiums as more important than lives saved. It's not perfect everything didn't go right but it saved
I hope you are reading the messages from your constituents and realize that not many support you repealing Obamacare. Thx @BarackObama
Liberals should stop already. You get everything you want and even so, you are still obnoxious.
Pray before you vote. To God, not trump. #consequences #betrayal
Well, you'd better high-tail it to the lowcountry...there are a lot of ladies that want to  meet you!
Instead of redistributing money to the states, how about relocating  the poor--makes as much sense as your idea. I know, thinking is hard
Blah, blah, blah
Jeese.  This is really bringing out the whiners!  Get a life.  Health care is not a right morons.
Please do not take away healthcare from millions of Americans. It is akin to mass murder.
Their not, quit listening to CNN
Bill Cassidy, the GA rep who I just saw saying someone need to put snotch in his female colleague's ass??? You got to be kidding me.
Oh.  No That was Buddy Carter bullying a fellow colleague.  Bullying is sure making a comeback,  wonder who is promoting all this bullying??
No thanks. I'd rather poke my eyes out with pointed sticks.
Is the amount allocated per person determined through annual state census report to accommodate for change? Does insurance transport?
It could be a good starting point to committees, compromise, hearings- want doctors, hospitals, patient advocates to weigh in. Please!
Sad that there is so little time to discuss these ideas. It's hard to fully agree abt fairness w/o knowing indiv. state costs for care.
Senator @LindseyGrahamSC was awesome! He made some really great points!
I understand and respect that this is a complicated issue. But you just cut off your canaries' nose to spite its face inside a coal mine.
@LindseyGrahamSC I'm a democrat and intrigued. Keeping taxes in place for wealthy is a great compromise. Appreciate your plans. @SenStabenow
NO NO NO....YOU are so WRONG Lindsey...not TRICKLE DOWN economics again... #westvirginia HIS PLAN HURTS YOU #sad #PartyOverCountry...
No body believes your system... Lindsay... have you been to WYO it's population is SO small...geez...  FLAT income tax is REGRESSIVE--
What is your plan if companies move out of a state & leave thousands w/o healthcare & they need Medicaid?
yadayadaya
@GOP HAS TO GO! Traitors to Americans, Constitution, oath to God and country! Putting party, treasonous mentally unstable @POTUS first!
BIGGEST CONMEN IN SENATE. Had u supported ACA ur state wouldn't be behind. U created problem but want 2 blame the solution. Resign now!
All states should expand Medicaid then your presentation would be different. We are not fooled.
You are talking bs. Californa alone pays enough taxes to fund your poor, illiterate red states run by GOP.
Thank you
What's wrong with this argument?
Alot
States who worked w/ACA expansion r states ur claiming r ripping off states like AL who didn't participate. GOP is problem Not ACA. Bullshit
.@BillCassidy 

Keep calling, Louisiana!!!

https://www.cassidy.senate.gov/contact/office-locations …
Medicare protections w/govt negotiating better pricing& pre-ex cond and NO TAX BRKS. Ur just juggling same bullshit!!  Resign.
How big will MILLIONAIRE @BillCassidy's TAX CUT be when he STEALS healthcare from 410,000 Louisianans???

#KeepCalling
those states have highest health costs and pay highest federal taxes. Let's talk fairness.
#Redstates support  #Bluestates I live in a #Bluestate full of ignorance, stupidity and #racists but we all aren't keep that in mind
Watching..u can't even do math! Those states also contribute more. All lies!  Medicare4All is only way to prevent civil war. ENOUGH!
GOP deliberately destroying health cover for millions. Own it.
So Cassidy had to wait on the conversation while you tweeted about your conversation with him. How rude!
Speak to the senators who aren't afraid of being bullied. Who care about us w/ preexisting conditions.
Is there any fair plan Exist? To replace A care
Go hide your head in shame.
Question: have you considered cost savings to letting the sick die?
@USCBO numbers underrate this. REPEAL #EMTALA
Make risk risky again #ConcernTrolling
#ImpeachTrump. Your biggest failure is your inability to take action against the Russian infiltration that manifests as DJT.
You know why this is still virtually a secret?
https://twitter.com/_sirtainly/status/844663069590634497 …
Because you & your colleagues are silent.
48: NOT SO SECRET NOW! #WilburRoss & RUSSIAN MONEY LAUNDERING!
Cabinet Pick With Secret Ties To Putin And Oligarchs
https://www.dcreport.org/2017/02/25/another-cabinet-pick-with-secret-ties-to-putin-and-oligarchs/ … 

I'm having a hard time following this plan and how it helps those most in need? And fixes ACA issues?
Didn't know you guys did that anymore
Ah wont!
Bye bye Obamacare
