Yeah? Well how will this affect the war against ISIS if Syria breaks out its air defense systems? How will SDF get air support for Raqqa Op?
I am no military strategist. More important: Syria's children are safer now than before
Not those in ISIS held areas
Especially if US air force hits them - by mistake
They haven't done much of that. In fact coalition air support assisted SDF in liberated over a million ppl from ISIS. Raqqa op progressing.
But now? Idk
they should keep going, I don't see why is shouldn't
Without air support it will be harder for SDF to advance. It will cost more lives and prolong the war.
I wonder what @SEAC_Troxell thinks about this move. Does this not put the Raqqa Op and SDF in jeopardy?
Really? Obama was amazing on international relations. #45 is moronic. Closet Queen, what video do they have of you? time wounds all heels.
Our barely literate, viciously rude, crass and proudly immoral president proves EVERY DAY that he is *not* President Obama.
Yes, 45 actually broke the law.   When Obama wanted to bomb there, no go from GOP.  Hypocrisy much?
Maybe if you halfwits had approved any of his petitions for support, he would have had more success in re: Syria. But what about the ban?
@POTUS is the dictator
No he stands with them- Putin, Dutarte and Egyptian president
Exactly he's not an intelligent leader.  He's a man child and a wannabe dictator.  That is not something to brag about.
True. Obama & his team would never have been under investigation with ties to Russia.
How about if YOU stop being like Obama and QUIT saying ISIL instead of ISIS!
no,unfortunately he is not 1/2 the man pres O was america misses him. As a mother,woman, citiz I felt safe & proud to be an Amer under O.
So now Trump is Reagan??? One with no ideological center, no moral core is Reagan because he attacked an airbase that is still operational?
Pfft. trumps backbone is as stiff as his stupid tie. trump is your legacy - no matter what you've done or will ever do.
Obama tried, GOP stopped him!
I hope you don't join in forever damaging the integrity of the Senate by voting for the nuclear option. Find a judge that can get 60!
How's this working out?

Cool guys
Putin
Erdogan
Poland dude

Not cool
Any of our allies
So are we going to bomb the hell out of every dictator? Sudan? Ethiopia? N. Korea? Zimbabwe? Uganda? Russia? Washington DC?
Its a shame you & cronies are liars. Obama followed ur rule & u obstructed him, trump makes his own and u  his tush. FORSHAME!
obama kept us safe saved the economy, was intelligent really, to compare to trump to O is an insult the majority who voted for O.
honey he tells us that every day but not in the way you assert... unfit my friend
We are sitting ducks and the world knows this.  No leadership, no trust.
Of course Ivanka Trump is no Barack Obama!!!   Dear god please help us.
You have that right.  Would feel much safer if Pres. Obama was in charge.  #45 scares the shit out of us. Should scare you too
Obama? Shivers!!!!!
Hindsight is 20/20. Assad's horrific acts year after year to young children are unfathomable. US can no longer stand by & watch.
Oh come on now @LindseyGrahamSC do you want my vote in 2020 or not?
Agree
Unfortunately
Blaming Obama for EVERYTHING makes you look like Trump #StupidIsAsStupidDoes
Here is where even his supporters realize he doesn't have the brains to make these momentous decisions.
Does Putin have a pee party video of you too? #sadlittleman
Screw you NeoCons, if you wanna war so bad move your ass to Afghanistan #NoWar
Well if there were an unlikely comparison cannot imagine what it is
Oh for God's sake.  Are all you Senators this naive!?  I admire your hope that Trump will do something great. Are you also a Mets fan?
We are all too aware that T***p is not Obama by any measure. More's the pity. Even you, Senator, must have noticed.
Is someone saying Trump is like Obama? Funny...I hadn't heard that.
Don't worry Lindsey, no one in their right mind will confuse President Obama, an Intellegent competent leader, with the incompetent DJT.
ANY ADVISE COMMING FROM A PHONY LIKE YOU.... FALLS ON DEAF EARS
trump criticized Obama from sidelines for 8 years. Now he's prez and all he does is lie, play golf, lie, tweet, lie.
not he's not - he's weak, vain and childish. Not a leader and making this country a laughingstock around the world.
Uh huh.  He sure isn't.  Unfortunately for us all.  Hate to tell ya but... I think you'll be feelin a little let down here soon.
Thank you
Yeah, he's been *so* tough on Putin. Excellent track record of "standing up" to tyrants.
Check your calendar. It's not April 1st, ding dong...
that has been clear since Day 1. No class. No self control. No self restraint.
@LindseyGrahamSC oh how I miss Obama. Coherent thoughts, plans, actions. Your @POTUS is a mess with no clear plans.
Are you incapable of making a point that does not involve using Obama as a scapegoat? Is the GOP not strong enough 2 stand on its own merit?
Who are you kidding, we all know Trump is a loose cannon & his actions don't come from logic. You can't snow the snowman.
We all know full well - to our dismay - he's not President Obama.
Good luck with foreign policy
I'm still waiting for @POTUS to understand what you just tweeted!
No he isn't just the ceo of the new Trump Organization. Formerly the United States...
He is an ass on the world stage . . . that's better?
This is the moment for YOU to prove to everyone that you believe our democracy by standing up to VOTE NO on Gorsuch.
He's got nothing to prove. We all know how this is going down. Unlike Obama this man has all the parts.
No Lindsay it was sure as hell hope if you would get behind this president and stop working so goddamn hard to undermine him
He has proven that over and over again. He hasn't a hope.
You know Trump is gonna stand with Putin. How gullible you must think the American people are?
We dont need this to orove it.trump will never be half of president Obama on his worse day.we had class and honor with him. Just shame now
This would be laughable if it weren't so frightening.  DT does not have the experience or the knowledge to make decisions and you know it.
Amen! @VP @TGowdySC
This is the moment for you to stop supporting the biggest liar we have elected as POTUS... the man cares only for himself.
That's for damn sure. Obama was a PRESIDENT Trump is a joke
Do you know for a fact it was Assad who used chemicals against his people, or are you doing your warmongering dance?
Trump will never be President Obama.  Trump is way too ignorant.  He is an embarrassment to America and you know it!
Wanna bet?! 
Save your wishes You have a pompous, inept administration in the WH house. It's just like the senate except I would have to add hypocritical
Warmonger gonna monger.
NOPE, he is not.  He is a penchant child in a man's body who knows nothing of how the world works if it is not about HIM making money. Shame
He's already proven that. C'mon man too easy
I'm sick that I used to respect you, then to find out you're just another trump goon! Sickening!
We KNOW he's not President Obama, you goon. He's not fit to wipe Obamas shoes!
Don't encourage him Graham. He's nuts.
no, sadly he is not. He's in the pocket of a brutal dictator and you keep looking the other way
We are going to plaster these tweets all over SC in #2020 when you're campaigning, but no one will admit they voted for him
Lindsey. Why don't you and John go out for dinner. Stay away from microphones.
Pretty obvious he's not in any way, shape, or form. Not a compliment.
Trump knows nothing about foreign policy. Already laughing at Trump: Nieto, Putin, Merkel, Xi, Abe, Turnbull, Assad
Yes & that's not necessarily a good thing! I know more about foreign policy than he does. Don't think ur tweet will inspire him to learn 
Even if he gets this right Trump has already done so much wrong here in the US. Stop bringing up Obama to deflect.
Correct he's not President Obama, he's more Putin
Believe me....he is not President Obama. How sad.
Clearly not.  President Obama was a truly learned and intelligent man, who surrounded himself with competent people from both parties.
Trump is uniquely unqualified to lead America in its foreign policy
Exactly.  @realDonaldTrump is no Obama.  @realDonaldTrump is worse.  Where is his foreign policy except for blame.  You sold out to Trump
He certainly isn't like Pres. Obama b/c Con Man Donald Trump is not worthy of the office. Stop enabling him, @LindseyGrahamSC!
Ha. Yeah. Good luck with that. trump is a train wreck and you know it, yet you keep pushing his nominees on us. #StolenSeat #NoGorsuch
Why do you underestimate and disrespect your president our president. it's a cheap shot by bringing Pres. Obama.
Well, you certainly can say POTUS is not President Obama.
You're right he's not Obama and that is eating him up inside! He can't stand up to Steve Bannon, much less a foreign dictator.
What course of action do you suggest/recommend? Imploring @potus to prove he is not Obama is somewhat hollow.
Can anyone in this government take an action without blaming it on the past?  Leaders are accountable, are you a leader or not?
No. He'll be Bush/Cheney without the finesse, calculation, restraint.
Neither was Congress during that administration, so let's ensure all blame is equitably shared.
In August 2013, when the same situation happened, Congress prevented Obama from striking Syria. Don't you remember?
Just when there is a glimmer of hope from you, you say something like this!  He is no Obama!!  A million times worse! An embarrassment!
I think we have that figured out by now.
Don't be a jerk, Senator. We expect better from you.
you are right. President Obama was a great President not a Repubican Administration nightmare
But what do you advise him to do? Obama has already used talk.
right. He isn't Obama. And will align with every dictator and Russia.
Have you suffered a recent blow to the head?
Come out of the closet! Then you can play tough guy politics #followmanilow
President Obama was a gentleman that actually cared about people, so he's already there.  #ImpeachTrump
I'm sure Assad & Jung-un are not worried one bit
He doesn't care and you know it.
What if he could not??
That response yesterday was a disaster, especially from SoS you voted yes on. What an embarrassment and all you got is to attack Obama.
@LindseyGrahamSC whining is to be expected... what is not expected is @POTUS's finger resting comfortably on the trigger.
No comparison.  He's a Putz!! No foreign government experience. Will fall flat!!!
TRUMP is an arse, fat one at that!. I'll  only have faith in TRUMP if and a Big IF he stands up to Putin. So far he has only praised Putin!!
A lot of us would settle if he was just a president with a lick of sense and/or honor. Don't hold your breath on either (as you well know.)
When you said our party had gone batshit crazy, I agreed with you.  When Trump was elected, I hoped you would stand up to him.  Will you?
But can he tell the diff btw 'standing up' and starting a nuclear war?
No one in Congress believes we can read! WE CAN AND DO, and we know that it was CONGRESS that did nothing about this 
It is crystal clear that he is not Obama. 45 is a thin skinnned narcissistic petulant child who may just start world war 3 #InvestigateTrump
You are right 45 has no where near the grace intellect respect and honor that is Obama.
You are right - Trump is not half the man...
We don't even know who is running foreign policy, Justin, SOS? Certainty not Trump.
Dream on.  Trump has no game.  No skills, no courage, no ideas, no functioning people around him.  Putin outplays him daily
Aw, man. Don't you know we're watching you, player? We saw y'all look other way & pretend u couldn't hear Obama when he asked 4 Syria vote.
@POTUS has already proven to everyone that when it comes to his inept foreign policy & standing up FOR dictators, he is not Pres. Obama.
he should quit living in the past playing the blame game;worry about NOW & get after it.
I hope you wake up screaming every night from seeing faces of dying children.
Why would you stand for such a horrible man? He has done so much evil already to our country. How long before he bring us to war? Sociopath!
Aren't you a part of the same Congress that looked the other way when Obama said if you want to get involved in Syria we will?
Oh, the same @potus who tweeted his brains out for Obama NOT to get involved with Syria?
Of course he's not Pres. Obama. He doesn't have his honestty and integrity, plus his intelligence. Obama is a descent person. Graham is not.
At what point are R's going to move past blaming Obama for everything and start holding themselves accountable?
Shut up Graham you puss!! You are the last person to tell the POTUS what he should do, you and that scab McCain will just go against him...
He needs to quit blaming and actually do something for a change!    TRUMP needs to LEAD, we have not seen any leading, just whining!
Please don't dare our inexperienced, unstable, erratic President to do something.
Sick and tired of this Senator comments. He said he will never vote for Trump. Now he's supporting everything from POTUS
And yet the 1st thing he does is comment on Obama's presidency. When will he act presidential. Focus Donald. Focus
Hopefully in this case he acts like Obama. This is False Flag. Cui bono? Not Assad. Stop the warmongering until there is proof and evidence
Not a word about Russia..SURPRISE!!!!
Didn't Obama go to Congress several times and you turned him down?  Don't play the blame game.  Let's see now if Trump is Putin's puppet.
Well if ur listening to his press conference... I'm sorry to tell u... @POTUS is illiterate in everything related to governance or policy
And it's time for you to stand up to a domestic one.  Question- will you?
Or the Congress who wouldn't support Obama's airstrike on Syria in 2013?
@POTUS44 didn't embrace the policies of Al-Sisi or Assad. #45 just blamed Syrian Citizens for Chem Attack & Trump likes Al-Sisi style SMH
Oh that is crystal clear! Obama > Putinspuppet
@LindseyGrahamSC if 45 does anything significant I'll come to wherever you are and buy you lunch!! Train,Plane or Automobile!!
Nothing on Bannon? Russia?  Nothing? Nothing on congress obstructing Obama over Assad?  No, again?  Might be time to be quiet congressman
@LindseyGrahamSC what happened to you? Did you go completely Party before Country? Can I get your cellphone number or should I ask Trump?
He isn't acting like a president at all. He has HUGE amount to make up before we believe him on ANYTHING. Will he finally criticize Putin?
Not helpful @LindseyGrahamSC - time for all of you on both sides to grow up
THE MAN IS CLUELESS!!!!
yes he is not let Him show he has balls by bombing the hell out of pyongyang
He's proven many times that he is no Obama- too bad for all of us.
With all due respect- I think we have already seen he is NOT president Obama, not even close unfortunately
Sure. Pigs are flying while Trump's bff Putin & his bff Assad murder innocent children. Talk is cheap. Action speaks.
Is Congress going to stand behind him? They didn't for Obama. Pulled the rug out from under him on Syria.
Nobody would ever mistake him for Obama, let alone a president.  Nor do we see you with any sort of credibility. Vote Graham out!!!!
He literally praised the Egyptian President who, at best, is described as a "dictator." He's not standing up, he's bowing down.
He's already proven himself incompetent and definitely is nowhere close to being a statesman like Obama was. You need your head checked
No, he certainly is not President Obama.
Unfortunately.  God, I miss that guy....
And we hope it will not be squandered
Now time for Congress to show resolve by increasing military budget to show National Will.  Peace trough Strength not broken jet trainers.
What's the difference between #AssadGenocide and those of #Darfur, #Rwanda, #IdiAmin, #BokoHaram, #ISIS, and #Chechnya? Nothing. All evil.
So it's a manhood thing, you say?
Trump so much more concerned with attacks on media, old debates, and playing golf in Florida. Not a leader. Weak.
Honestly Senator I thought you were better than this but you are A man who talks out of both sides of his mouth as my grandma would say
Lindsey since you allow soldiers 2 be raped in front of their units in your state & do nothing - try respecting women & asking 4 their input
No he's not. I only wish he was 1/2 the man President Obama is.
And what's different about you? 2013 you weren't into doing anything then! What are you going to do now?
Prepare to be disappointed Lindsey
Please don't encourage him to get US into another war. Since he and Putin are so chummy, perhaps they can handle diplomatically?
Ha.  Trump has already proven that he is not @BarackObama That is why everyone is so pissed off!
Get a grip Senator. Trump will never come close to being Barak Obama.
He doesn't even come close to President Obama. President Obama was a smart man, caring and concerned for all americans
What? He loves those guys Lindsey!
I guess you missed his fawning over Egypt's authoritarian leader the other day. #hypocrisy
Why must the Republicans always slammed Obama? Great men never have to put down the men that came before them.
