that's asinine given the context.
Lindsey ran for president & didn't even register in the polls. Lost home state. Nobody likes him
What does any of that have to do with Assange being a pestilent little tick and a liar?
Wikileaks has a 100% authenticity record. You don't like him because he ruined your
I'm talking about Assange personally.
@LindseyGrahamSCWhat What has he lied about?
For starters claims he's the enemy of oppression, yet has never run a single "hack" of Russia. Weird, huh?
thanks for standing up to @realDonaldTrump when it's needed the most. Only a bipartisan coalition can stop @KremlinRussia_E
What the hell, you don't make sense. You have it backwards.
how do I have "it" backwards, sir? Along with 17 American intel agencies per reports?
..can you even name those 17 Agencies or you just parroting everything you're told?
@ODNIgov @FBI @CIA @USTreasury @usairforce @NSAGov @USArmy @DefenseIntel @StateDept @USMC @USNavy @USCG among others.
..we're to believe the Coast Guard says Russia hacked the DNC ..but CIA Dir. Brennan hasn't even completed their report? 
wait and see until the full report is delivered to @POTUS and #PEOTUS by Friday.
..exactly, hoping when Congress investigates we'll see for ourselves what evidence they have ..or will analysts take the 5th?
Trump supporter-crude and ignorant -incapable of intelligent discussion. Check.
lol You really have nothing intelligent to say, do you? Do you like your freedom? Russia is NOT your friend!
he's a sheeple repeating his "bah bah bah snowflake safe space crayons" like the rest of the weak minds
Somehow I'm thinking you're the one without a degree.
please investigate Trump. . . .why in god's name is he trying to belittle our intelligence.   I smell a rat
You Blame Russia Blame Assauge,  how about blaming yourself  and Congress 4 doing NOTHING to protect the US against attacks
Wiki leaks has revealed information about Republicans in past as well.  One cannot block true information.
Pot calling kettle black.
yet in 10 years nothing Wikileaks reported  has been proven false unlike MSM fake news.
i would like to see some emails on you and mclame
From the Northwest: I really appreciate your courage and conviction regarding Russia. Look at #trumpleaks for ties to Putin
Assauge knows where his info came from, it's his reputation on line.He says not Russia & you are willing 2 start WW#3 STOP
It was great to learn CNN fed questions to Donna Brazile. You hate Trump. We know. You prefer Hillary. GOt it. U lost.
finally! You talk like a real republican putting country first not party!
Then why does Trump use him as His Shill??
Stop pretending to be a Republican. Go join your treasonous Democrat traitors and get the hell out of the GOP.
Assange may not be a friend of "America," but is a friend of the PEOPLE. Exposing Gov corruption is essential to democracy.
Information is the life blood of democracy. You want to hide the truth about government from the people. We want to free it
never confuse the people in power with the actual american people. Assange has helped the american people, hurt the corrupt
It's not about Assange. Russia is NOT your friend. Russia wants to destroy your country and make it a satellite
Yes, thank you for stepping up and saying what so many of us Americans believe.
U Mr Graham are a disgrace to the GOP. U ought to be ashamed of yourself but sociopaths r never ashamed & never responsible
Funny I was thinking the same oh you!
Once again, Senator, Donald Trump must be stopped (legally) and Congress can do it
Trump has done more than Obama and hasn't even taken office lol

you're on your way out buddy and I'm a Republican.
- You must be a Putin / Assange / Trump comrade.
Nope I'm a conservative REPUBLICAN that values privacy.True blue PATRIOT.
Values privacy?Good God, you might lose that and a whole lot more if we don't figure out DT/ Putin
sadly we've lost it http://ready.wiki  exposed KILLARY not Graham.
Other than exposing Clinton as a corrupt scumbag
neither are you
http://indeed.You  are a decent person why not switch now and become democrat.Putin haxked the election for Trump.moderate democrat
@neilwillard Grateful for your leadership!!
Senator thank you for your statement 'if after the briefing [PEOTUS] is still unsure, that will shake me to the core about his judgment'
what did trump know and when did he know it?
You're an #NWO tool, and an old fool. #TermLimits.
I disagree with you on more than a handful of things but I like & respect you and believe you always put the country first
Many of us think the same about you Mr Graham.
what does Assange want?  What's his end game.  Wikileaks propaganda for what exactly? What, How does Ecuador benefit &Why?
and a friend to your PEOTUS as is PUTIN. better stop him B4 he gets nuke codes sir
Neither is Donald J. Trump.
Ahh Lindsay, you start to sound sane like this and then you went belly-up begging for biscuits with Trump, SAD!
.@LindseyGrahamSC Truth is immutable. You, through design or ignorance distort truth. Truth is nameless, shameless, faceless, immutable.
We don't know who or what you are a friend to, but we know it's not us! Or the US!
We should listen to a professional liar with everything to lose and not believe a whistle blower? Follow the money hungry!
and you are no friend of the Republican Party...time to retire
Senator, I disagree with everything you claim to believe politically. However, on this issue - THANK YOU. #Patriotism
Americans agree w you on this. The fact the Trump spouts his virtues is concerning
as you take money from Soros... He did what you or the liberal media refused to do
Neither are you! Whats diff BTW alleged Russian disinfo campaign and what MSM/Left did? Nothing! MSM domestic terrorists?
Instead of just talking to be talking, stop being a conspirator and use government laws of Treason to void President Elect
Yes,he's a hero to Amer People who deserved the truth-you've played "business as usual" politics far too long-out of touch
With all due respect, Senator, you are one of the few that come to mind when I think of term limits. Career politician....
he deserves no respect!
U are misguided. U and the Dems cannot deny the authenticity of the what Wikileaks put out. Instead you attack Assange. SMH
@JonahNRO But that doesn't mean we should not believe what he says just for the sake of it. Your enemy is sometimes correct
We are on the razors edge now Sen Graham. If you and Sen McCain don't take the lead in this investigation, we are doomed.
With everything he exposed releasing Podesta email (media, HRC corruption & DNC primary rigging) we owe him a big thank you
Glad to see you have some 'Spunk' & I'm not Republican keep it up!
Thank you for your patriotism!
Just take a look at the comments from your @GOP members. You allowed this division. You made other Americans enemies. Enjoy
Your @GOP PEOTUS believes Julian. It's become a real who's who of sexual predators on your side of the isle.
@tonic516 thank you sir.
and has no friends. A very lonely person
He is, however, of higher standing than our intelligence workers. At least according to @realDonaldTrump.
Julian Assange got the truth out when everyone else tried to cover it up,
You and McCain & some others are the reason Term Limits are so desperately wanted and needed.
@wikileaks Julian Assange Is our savior.
@alllibertynews @LindseyGrahamSC @wikileaks
Corruption and lack of respect for the American people is what undermines the United States of America. Sellouts undermine
but he is the Trumpsters friend
He's no friend of the people in the position of power like you,but he's the friend of powerless,robbed people
On this sir, we can agree.
@Saya_relativity THANK YOU SEN. NOW STICK TO IT. STAND FOR TRUTH NOT SHADOWS AND DECEIT!
–– Spoken by someone who knows.
GOP Spectre #votersuppression
He's a pile of excrement & your new "leader" believes him. Now we're stuck with RUSSIA running us! Thanks
if by America and democracy, you're referring to the military industrial complex, then you are 100% correct.
@JonahNRO When someone helps to shed light on those IN our government, who are clearly NOT our friend, I'd disagree w/ you.
So you and McCain declared war on Russia today because you don't like Assange?
u have a lot  of class
, neither are politicians without term limits.
Senator Graham & Senator Mccain should not be Underminding President Trump.
Don't tell us tell your Republican rat colleagues who are placing power before Country..you KNOW they are & it's disgusting
Thank you!
More of a friend than you are!
It’s become painfully clear the same could be said about you
The truth shines .Don't tell me how I have to obtain it. It's a Republic.
One needs to take care before throwing rocks. Some may ricochet when least expected. Facts b4 inclinations.
Senator, can you repeat that every day? I don't think @realDonaldTrump will understand unless you repeat it all the time.
Actually, the truth is a valuable commodity for those who will listen and check it out.  Assange, never been proven wrong
Yet you put #TwitterbratTrump in office and are still willing to take a dirty win. @nytimes @KeithOlbermann
@seanhannity Fake WWE tag team with Farts News and Hannity here? @rationalsquad
Which makes him a friend of Trumps and a friend of Fox news.
Julian Assange is a coward hiding in a embassy -afraid to face his crimes.
He's a friend of the people of this republic showing what you do in the shadows and the MSM hides because they are owned
Sen Graham nicely spoken in summing up what we the people, and the presisent- elect need to know on cyber defense
please disappear
THANK GOD FOR JULIAN HE SAVED AMERICA WITH HIS INFORMATION ON COMMUNIST HILLARY AND HER PLAN OF DESTRUCTION FOR AMERICA
Julian Assange has never lied to me. You have
Funny how Assange has more of my Trust than you do.  Professional pols need to go, permanently. Both parties suck!
He's a great friend of transparency in gov't, & he'd be irrelevant if our leaders were behaving.
@JustPlaneNuts thank you!!!!
because American style democracy hates the truth and therefore hates Julian #Assange. #FreeJulian #DefendWL
He's just the #Messenger to tell the #World how #corrupt our so called #Leaders are.
@summerbrennan Agree w/ transparency but not w/ endangering assets or national security Investigative reporting not hacking
Whine whine whine - my God you are dense
My respect for you has sky-rocketed since Trump began his campaign. Thank you for having integrity as others fail to do so.
#JulianAssange has more support from #Americans than you ever will @LindseyGrahamSC
It's a good thing we live in a representative republic then.
kinda like you!
LINDSEY IS NO FRIEND OF AMERICAS BY TRYING TO TAKE TRUMP DOWN DUHHHHHHHH
Then don't abandon America in this fight
please elucidate the mistakes or untruths committed by wikileaks. You have been demeaning Trump after he became GOP winner
Nor are you Senator. You turned into a Democrat. We wants lower taxes, LESS regulations & jobs & u r chasing the Russians
are you looking for a job in the future Democratic Party? Just letting you know it won't be the same in 2020. #PeoplePower
Now you should watch what you say ...when you become a Friend Of Democracy ?'#DemocracyHypocracy #Stormcoming @RacismFacts
and you're no friend to The American People. You're a friend to the elite rhinos. You failed to stop a fraud like obama.
either way, seeing utter corruption of a major US political party in black & white is good 4 our democracy, no?
you are a communist
Thank you Senator Graham for clearly stating this important fact.
you're a shill
Describe "Democracy" , I don't think it means what you think
Where are Trump's Taxes? #ManchurianPresident
How's the investigation going on the Clinton Foundation??? @TGowdySC @jasoninthehouse
We are polar opposites on the political spectrum, but I've gained a newly found respect for you putting  over politics.
Thank you Sen Graham for standing up on this.
Donald Trump didn't get that memo
you are the real traitor to liberty.  PATHETIC!
If a democracy cannot withstand transparency, is it really a democracy?
need to investigate @realDonaldTrump ties w Russia,& Russia today guest  .Flynn. Who wants to purge our intel agencies
Translation: Americans should only have the information that politicians give them and deem necessary.
And you are no friend to the US people. Nothing to see here.
never thought I would be agreeing with you , but your right and the truth is the truth
@realDonaldTrump wants 2 limit intelligence agencies when Americans have concerns.  We should all feel so safe.  Terrified!
& John McCain & Obama want 2 start something with Russia because John Podesta is a stupid man.
@wikileaks r you saying that the emails were lies fake emails or r you saying don't listen and just believe the gov. Bwash
Neither are you!! Start working for SC instead of Soros @realDonaldTrump
Drain the Swamp
Lindsey, stop trying to bring back the old Repub establishment or you're going down hard. Get on the damn train.
Stop Trump!  He wants to dismantle the intelligence http://agencies.GOP  won't have power if we don't have a country.
@ElaineSowersby - he is Trump's BFF & unfortunately thats the president the deplorables voted 4. Impeachment process please
YOU, RINO,  are no friend of Americans and America, MAGA @realDonaldTrump
you are so WRONG!  you and McCain should get out of the way of the TRUTH!
IMO Neither is Trump who be stopped. He is a clear & present danger. Fear is real and justified. .@JoeNBC .@SenJohnMcCain
sometimes i wonder about you mr graham. whose side are u on?  doesnt always seem like the american people.
your time is limited, you are insignificant
YOU are no friend 2 America or a free republic. You want 2 keep Am public in the dark with nothing but propaganda for news.
How are you personally benefiting by going to war w/Russia?  Seems that your pushing an agenda that doesn't play....
are you part if the witch hunt to investigate Obama's role in Russian hacking? I can't believe I was ever a republican.
Too bad it needs to be said. But I'm glad you're saying it. .@LindseyGrahamSC @JonahNRO
Julian Assange is no friend of America and no friend of democracy.
Julian gave us truth. You, PRyan Cruz Rubio & McCain give us nothing but lies for your own profit. You're NO republican
Thank God for Wikileaks.  They did not lie to us- Julian just revealed to us what the politicians really thought. Award him
Assange did America a huge favor! What a disaster we would be w/HRC as POTUS
he is ergo an enemy of our Republic? Why don't you want voters to know what's going on w/back room shady dealings? 2/3
He's a friend to the REPUBLIC. Because he prints the TRUTH about what you are doing in our gov., as elected officials, 1/2
democracy means no secrets sir. Power to the people
same is true of your buddies the Saudis who fund Isis
the level of authority u r given on this earth one day u will be held to the same level of accountibility
u said that Assange MAY have given out information that put our soldiers at risk, did u have the same concerns with Hillary
Oh no, your thinking of Netanyahu.....
Lindsey I don't care about other countries politicians but I do ours, and if they are corrupt I want to know about it
Are u suggestig that US=democracy? Hello?Democracy was INVENTED in Greece 2000 years ago when ur anchestors lived in caves.
He's no friend of Sweden either.
His accuracy is uncanny and by putting him down makes YOU look really bad. Good Luck, you're going to need it. #uspoli
Amen!
..grahham is no friend to synaptic activity, that's for sure
