Time to open an investigation into Hillary and Obama and the Uranium issue.
By "scre up" do you mean he ought to get into the party line, quality of the plan be damned? You people are  disappointing to a fault.
You are self promoting wrong
You and Trump are combining to shit all over middle and lower class 
Americans!
traitor just so you can get a win for you and your GOP group but NOT for the American People #deplorable
Too late.
#NoDisrepect #DumpTrump #UnfitToLead #SaveOurDemocracy
I live in Texas.  Texas is A RED STATE.  Californians are flocking here for jobs and you are a liar.
Lindsey, take a serious note from your best bud, McCain. His description of the BS passing for policy in this ridiculous Admin is right ON.
Who’s speaking? Lindsey the Dem? Or Lindsey the Rep?
No you all need to not screw up tax reform by voting NO on tax reform!  Stop pandering to the rich!
I believe Lindsey and his pals have been paid off by chump in cash to obviously hurt Americans. They need to investigate HIS ties to russia!
Linds Dahrling... go have a Julip on the veranda..your "tax reform is a GIVE AWAY to the 1%.. YOU R A LIER
Lindsay speaking for yourself or your new golf partner dotard
I think you should tell that to yr buddy mccain!  No more increases in spending! Enough is enough. Step down or pas trump's tax cuts!
The GOP is “screwing up” the whole country. Stop already.
U need 2 worry about RINO @SenJohnMcCain who "screwed up" your Health Care Bill! @RandPaul must help ensure we get Tax Cuts. @POTUS #MAGA
Tax reform for the rich..NO, we don't need that. Your party's crazy ideas cost more money every time. This does practically nothing for us.
Rand Paul, being treated with disdain by our own elected officials will no longer be the new normal. Represent the voters or go home!!!
You need to resign.

Are you proud of giving billionaires huuuuge tax reductions??
This isn't tax reform it's a tax cut that U promised the Koch's & Mercer's that U didn't get w/the healthcare bill so U hid it in tax cuts
This is just a tax cut for the very wealthy! Pathetic.
Put that finger in ur ass than in ur mouth  
You already ruined it! You’re not conservative quit acting like it! #RetireLindsey
"where the rich make out like bandits is the lower tax rate on small business income” says @ABC #TaxReform
Small businesses are so over taxed it’s ridiculous. Try owning one before you formulate your fake opinion
I have been to SC , it's a shirt state, where a shirt senator like you gets elected. You two deserve each other. $$$$$
Rand Paul needs advice from a 3nd grader who probably was at the bottom of his class
Yeah. Let's you and him fight.
SAD LINDSEY THAT DONNIE HAS YOU BY YOUR PUSSY!!!
I like both you guys. Get it done!
Yet you won't speak out against @SenJohnMcCain. At least Rand has reasons. McCain just hates Trump and "screws" Americans.
Shouldn't republicans and Democrats know what is wrong with the economy in order to fix it?  you know, first?  Which makes sense
@LindseyGrahamSC is tweeting in the 3rd person
Mr. Graham u and McCain are wrong. Cut government spending. To cut revenue without cutting what u spend is a disaster
Oct. 18th,2017  SENATOR @LindseyGrahamSC ,  Armed Services Committee / Judiciary; I have briefly expressed to @SenJohnMcCain; #LibertyMedal
Dear Senator Graham from what I can tell you're tax plan will increase my tax burden by triple
how about U not screwing it up>! Paul is libertarian and will not add that much to the deficit ! #epicfail @RandPaul
It’s already screwed...for all of us 
I at one time had respect for you sir. You have worked it seems relentlessly to make me reconsider. You won. I hope that's your only win...
Did @realDonaldTrump tell you to say this on your recent golfing trips? Don’t be a pawn.
You're a fine one to be giving advice, Trump's no. 1 caddy.
Graham - just be silent!
Your 'tax reform' will screw up at least 85% of Americans...govern with your heart and mind, not with your wallet (aka your donors!)!!!
It is a tax cut for the wealthy, and cutting massive money from Medicaid and Medicare ! There is no REFORM in there. It is 100% give money to the rich by taking from the middle class and poor. If you were a real man, you would oppose it also. You EMBARRASS ME !!!! Aiken CO., SC
You’ve lost all of my respect since you’ve become Trump Puppet. Think FOR yourself and OF your constituents. Your plan will grow deficit
Rand Paul screw up?  You tossed your career away
Go retire, Lindsey and never come back please. #StandWithRand
I urge Sen. Lindsey Graham to learn math. But not here in SC, cause our schools are underfunded and... oh, now I get it.
Quit giving our country away to the filthy rich
Listen to @RandPaul

May I point out how Screwed Up it already is. No votes will win the day
You and GOP already screwed it up- you should read it.
I know it's hard to hear the little people while ur jetting around & accepting $$$ rounds of golf, but the 99% disagree.
It's already screwed up. No tax cut for Trump's billionaire friends or corps. No rescinding estate tax. Leave state and local taxes in there
Trump is screwing it up..why not Rand Paul too. DT is screwing the middle class and poor. Again.
the way you are screwing our country...Go figure
Senator Graham - glad to hear a Senator you speak bluntly with emotion. In stead of the dance around the issue. Why the people love Trump.
A lot of threats coming from your party today. I would call that intimidation.
I am you SC senator Graham.
You are no conservative. You are a tax and spend, big government progressive. Disgusted with you swamp creatures!
Not persuasive argument. Convince / negotiate on the policy merits and come to agreement for crying out loud.
I think the GOP can screw it up all by themselves. Look how they’ve fixed healthcare. The GOP is useless.
Lindsey Graham is so far up Trump’s rectum, he’s practically a colon polyp.
Your the one screwing up healthcare
Instead of u guys shoving a big tax cut for yourself down our throat..why don't u guys go around & raise minimum wage..give the ppl a living wage
GOP is lying about the tax cut..I have worked in big business for 40 yrs. trust me it's not the employees that get the tax cut money
Need to urge your boy friend McCain to stop with his  Shenanigans!
Go wipe your mouth off Lindsey..you've got chocolate pie all over it! Whoops..or is it Trump's $hit? 
Lindsey is a #Traitor to the USA!
No, Lindsey, you are screwing up Healthcare....trying to take money from blue to red states. That is unity...NOT. And it failed miserably
What did Trump promise you or threaten u with? U know the bill sucks big time. Adds to deficit, favors millionaires, hurts little guys.
Lindsey now working for Russia also..he hasn't worked 4 the people of SC in yrs.Hasn't sacrificed a thing for our country!
#McCain is a hero
Lindsey, when did you drink the orange koolaid? 10 months ago you showed potional now you're swimming in Orange the swamp water. WTF?
#StandWithRand and let's push for major tax cuts 

You are trying to remain on @POTUS good side
You are an embodiment of swamp
You guys screwed this country this last year.  You won't admit there is a problem with our elections. Looking forward to Democratic Leaders.
You’ve sold your sole
If the goal is not to help average Americans, what is there to be screwed up?
Yeah, we can't leave those rich, Christian white men hanging.  They need their tax cuts.
Just go play golf Lindsay
Did you just tweet an article about yourself and refer to yourself in third person? That's weird
You are nothing but a Trump yes man and we no longer believe anything you say.
Too late. @GOP screwed up the day they nominated @realDonaldTrump. You guys are on borrowed time. 
November 6,2018
Vice versa
@SenRandPauI stand strong for all americans, not just the wealthy 1%!

This is what the nation needs to hear. History will condemn those who remained silent. 
If the tax reform was beneficial to the majority of low to middle income people, then perhaps you wouldn't have to threaten people.  Right?
Considering the health bill you supported, how would you know the difference? #NoConfidence
I totally agree 
Here is hoping he’s the wrench
Glad there is at least one GOP Sen. who has the backbone to stand up to at least this aspect of the party's agenda. GOP is destroying USA.
Then you'd better be careful about where you cut taxes!! And where you cut expenses to pay for this tax cut.
if ‘screw up’ means not giving tax cuts to only the rich, then rand paul screw up big!
You're despicable-how do you sleep at night after figuring out ways to hurt people?
Tax Reform = Tax increases on the middle class, a wind song of free  for the 1%. The only reason Trump has lasted this long. 
Are you asking Rand Paul not to think for himself and make a decision based on his true beliefs? 
Don’t count on it Senator, screwing it up is Rand Paul’s life plan.  @
Now you know how we feel about you.
According to the article, Trump and the rest of you have to #earn Paul's vote on everything. He says you're not conservative, and he is?
The plan doesn't target “all” deductions that mostly wealthy people use. It takes aim at one that wealthy people in mostly Democratic states use disproportionately — and leaves others hardly touched. #TaxReform @washingtonpost
Just get the work of the people done, stop with you games. You both have no spine.
Are you worried that you won’t be able to pay off your billionaire donors?
Usually he only gets screwed by the president.
It's amazing how cheaply you sold your soul to the Grand Cheetoh.  A couple of rounds of golf.
Only if you stop screwing up America by supporting #TraitorTrump the #RacistInChief
Start defending your best friend instead of a disgusting human that politicizes military deaths
Newsflash: We’ve heard NOTHING about tax “reform”. The tax cuts being discussed are already screwed up for us in the middle class and debt
You compromised health care &  now want to screw America with taxes because you suck up to Racist @POTUS. @SenateGOP @CNN @MSNBC @nytimes
Senator Graham you will regret your support of Trump.
Lindsay you are off the rails. A tax plan that benefits the rich. You see it. Trump brainwashed you??
I’m guessing u r  fine w/ tax cuts for the 1% & screw middle class?
Companies are flushed w/cash., do u see middle class ppl getting richer?
I agree!  Let's do this Lindsey.
Maybe you boys should do some more golfing so you can figure it out.
Too late, Trump already did the job for you, as in everything that cancerous bigot has done.
@RandPaul don’t be bullied
You're a disgrace to the great state or South Carolina
 you both comrade
U sir have screwed up royally. U R a fence sitter. And all of us from the LBGTQ community would welcome U  w/ political n personal kindness
“How I learned to stop worrying and love the Trump”
@RandPaul is one of the few sane voices in DC. Hopefully you take him seriously
Oh by all means, screw it up Rand!

Keep up the good work, Mr. Graham.

Watching the @gop implode has been an entertaining sequence if it were not for the fact that they are not listening to the citizens served.


How about Lindsey Graham not screwing the American people!
Oh, like you screwed up the bipartisan health thing with your Obamacare repealing bullshit. 
Can't you just call him? Discuss in privacy?  Get off twitter. Walk down the hall. Talk like adults.
You're looking more like a traitor every day Lindsey. Go talk to @SenJohnMcCain and defend your country from #TheMadKing #ImpeachTrump
Lindsey can’t be trusted. If he’s pushing, President Trump needs to read bill really well
Lindsey, you're ALMOST as embarrassing at Trump. You sold your soul to the orange devil. Stop talking. You have 0 credibility.
Although he doesn’t care that he’s also to blame for ruining bipartisan healthcare reform 
It is a screwed up tax plan, it helps nobody but the rich & big corporations.
Really?  Tax break for the rich?  Come on Lindsay. Did trump hit you in the head with a golf club?  I am worried about you....
Translated: Kiss donnie boys ass or he won't let you golf with us!
I would urge you @LindseyGrahamSC to not screw up tax reform. Rich people DO NOT need tax cuts.
You literally just screwed over millions of families by sabotaging O-care.  When are you golfing next, so we'll be better prepared for a f..
@RandPaul don’t screw up tax reform the way I screwed up #RepealAndReplace ooff I’m a good @realDonaldTrump soldier #sellout
Like you tried to screw up heathcare????????  Hop back in the golf cart with your new buddy Trump where you belong.
If the middle class says they want beef for dinner. They don't want the ears eyes and tail while the rich eat ribeyes strip and filets
What u gonna do ? Trumps puppet ! Sick of these bullies in congress. Stop the chaos
Looks like Trump has taught the GOP how to threaten one another. Follow the leader.. Geez I thought we had a democracy!
If u were looking out for the people u might have put that statement in a different way
 Like if it's not about the people vote it out.
Perhaps Paul has a moral responsibility to the people.
Since when did you decide that sucking @realDonaldTrump ass was the best way to  promote yourself. I thought you had more brains than that.
You helped screw up heath care so screw you tax reform! # turnedintoajerk!
So...you're proud of this?
Ur spending too much time with ur new bestie #ECPOTUs & ur bullying. Ur old enough to remember when there was civility in our country.
Sen. Graham has.already screwed up plenty. Sit down and be quiet, Senator.
The senator should be more concerned about not screwing the American people with tax reform.
Here's the thing Sen Graham don't u screw up tax reform if u screw us u will pay we're sick/tired supporting rich there's no trickle down
Speak for yourself!
It's ridiculous that you tweet in 3rd person. 

Why are Republicans bringing forth such an absurd budget that is diametrically opposed to what the American people want? Follow the money.
Pinning all hopes on this one legislative "win" while our democracy crumbles. #SpinelessGOP  #NotOnePenny
Tax reform is already screwed up by raising taxes on the middle class and lowering it for the 1%.
It's not reform. It's a tax break for the rich. #NotOnePenny
You might urge your friend McCain to not screw up again as well.
libertarians like paul belong in the 19th century not 21st
Like you tried to screw up healthcare? How's your golf game, Lindsey? Spineless and heartless-smh.
Tax reform cannot be done in four months.  You are riding the wrong train, Senator.  Stop golfing and start working for us.
You are BETRAYING the American people, Trump has bought you off but has he actually paid you? Remember he doesn't pay his bills. Maybe he promised you a higher job.  YOU are trying to take our money, health care, medicare, why not just shoot us all.
Graham, you mean don't screw up tax reform like you screwed up healthcare.
Sir, I fear your moral compass no longer points north-please use your time to sharpen your golf skills for the remainder of your term-thanks
I urge you to increase the estate tax. The children of the rich should carry their own weight. Mine, yours and those Trump Bastards
First screw up is why YOU think that billionaires are entitled to tax cuts in the first place. Bring back Eisenhower tax structure now!!!
Bring this coloring book next time you beat up the turf in Bedminster. Trump prefers simple things.
Tax reform is already screwed up
If the plan Sucks (Which it probably will) all 100 Senators need to vote "Nay"
