Graham never backs our President. He's just like his buddy, McCain
The only people who back your President are Putin, nazis and ANTIFA
Antifa does not back our president
ANTIFA is what caused all the violence in Charlottesville!
Spoken like a true Nazi
But don't take our word for it a picture speaks a thousand words
Hey good for that dude. I'd be doing the same thing confronted by a bunch of Nazi thugs
That's an American flag dipstick where did that blowtorch come from some would call that premeditation
President Trump already condemned the violence & his Justice Department opened a case. That's the proper response !
No, the proper response would be to actually call out the white supremacists and neo nazis...like almost every other political leader did.
The Justice Department of President Trump has opened a case regarding yesterday. That is real action
His statement was weak and passive. What does he truly believe?!?
Obama sat in a church for years where a pastor screamed "God dam* America" -
He set in motion the violent protests
Birtherism, Bannon, Gorka, campaign speeches encouraging violence, silence on hate crimes/groups, Muslim bans....
Birtherism started by the Hillary campaign- 
ISIS was built up by Obama as he funded terrorists
With respect, I believe you are trying to rewrite history, while omitting facts and events. Have a nice day!
It seems to us that Donald Trump got the message perfect both sides

It was all peaceful until buses in blm and antiefa showed up. No one is talking about the aa racists on the other side
This can not be twisted, my friend. Footage from the night before...nazi chants and racist slurs from the tiki torch parade!
How can you in any way continue to support this President?  The time has come to take a stand and put American before Party or Trump.

Really Mr. Graham, I thought he covered it pretty well. By the way will L Graham condemn BLM & ANTIFA Blowtorches??? how about Little #Rubio

Well, @POTUS just confirmed his BFFs are the nationalists, the Nazis, and the racists.  C'mon FauxNews, tell him the truth, since he watches
After watching all the videos looks to me like BLM and ANTIFA where the main protesters and a Bernie Sanders supporter was driving the car .
Just like 44 corrected the BLM & Antifa! He invited the to WH! Hate is on all sides until we become 1 nation this will continue
He didnt condem blm for killing police or threatening white ppl- these white suprem are wrong but so are antifa & blm
Michah Johnson killed 5 Dallas cops in name of BLM! So yes they they did
I dont need to bring them up you did! Racist are racist whether white or black- both sides have it i live it- but keep it one sided
Your Republican @potus is not capable of doing the right thing.
So is reparations, destroying history. We are generations from any slavey. Enough! Alinskyites using ANTIFA to divide USA  for globalism.
How are ya liking 45's corrections now?
200 ppl had permit for free speech rally. What happens if 1,000 ppl show up yell in faces, hit w nail spiked sticks to stop free speech?
What does Trump actually believe? 
No it's not. Wasn't his message. Why weren't you so adamant about Obama specifically calling out BLM? Hypocrite RINO..
You have to call them all out. President should have named them all, both or many sides. Call them all out both sides of hatred.
He did
Should the Police Chief change his message? He said the violence was on BOTH SIDES!
He did, finally. Pressure works?
Correct the altright is a new name for white supremacist or Nazi.  By any name it is EVIL
who are these 's that your letting comment.
POTUS message was on target talking about hatred coming from all sides.Ex: U spout hatred of Trump, so U are not appreciated.Leave him alone
Unbelievable Graham never spoke up when we demanded BO call out rioters that caused millions of dollars in damages a miracles no lives lost
His message was clear as a bell to me, but to you trump haters and idiots like Lindsey game you hear what you want to hear.
DO something, Sen Graham- please stop talking and DO something. We have Neo-Nazis running OUR WH. Begging you and GOP leaders to take action
Grammie. you are a RINO. this is your last term. Our pres. said exactly what he needed to say. Stop pandering to barry and the dems
Lindsey Graham is unAmerican. He was in on it.
Exactly dirtbag soros puppet . When can we vote him out ?
He is up for reelection in 2020...South Carolina
He's useless all never trump rinos need to go
We have nothing to do w David Duke and his losers Lindsey . Better stop the bullshit . We condemn Nazis and antifa
The president message is clear.. you need to support him I like that fool McCain
He did condemn them!
Praying the people find another Republican to replace him!
Check out @AD_WHITMAN's Tweet:
"I wish @POTUS @realDonaldTrump would just be clear on whether he denounces the KKK"
Here Leftist idiots...
I gotta do all the work for you 
Why aren't you condemning Antifa??
It doesn't matter what @POTUS says, everyone will find fault in it!  He addressed all hate & if you have a brain, you understand!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXszx68uhsY …  On many sides... the victims... according to Trump, are responsible for being victims. #impeachTrump
And it is up to Congress to impeach the Nazi who currently is called "president".
You fail to mention Antifa and Blk Lives Matter groups. Their causes of cop killing and taking away free speech is un-American.
Sure he should call BLM Antifa and neo Nazis as terrorist as you should as well Graham
So is Islamist...they're very un American!
It should be every INDIVIDUAL'S RESPONSIBILITY to correct their behavior. This is why the POTUS said that this hatred comes from all sides.
He is...  Session is cracking down.  Maybe @LindseyGrahamSC needs to be saying this more about the Dems openly supporting riots and violence
memo to Lindsey: Shut up and go do your job.
It is up to Mayor to apologize for turning tail and running. Sad!
he can't, they put him in office. So did Russia. He needs to resign.
he's incapable....get rid of him! Impeach.
Mike Pence only mentioned white hate group's what about black hate groups latino hate groups all hate group's orental hate groups . Double
This potus is one of them
Let's blame all our problems on Donald Trump what a world we live in no one takes responsibility for their actions anymore
RINO Lindsay Graham you correct the message. You have
been in DC too long. You expect
Trump to clean up all your messes. EARN YOUR SALARY.
Where were you when BLM was doing hate marches. Why didn't you speak out against Antifa's hate? End the hate by treating them all the same.
Our president did... we need to love one another and stop the bullshit
Charleston gathering to call for removal of "Stonewall" Jackson statue at W.Va. Capitol this is why the group was in Charlotte

“Here's the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.” —Hillary
It would be better said " If Its To Be, Its up to me " quit blaming others , we all are responsible!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
Good luck, don't hold your breath.
NO WAY! U r letting Liberals steer th message again, Anti-Fa is LEFT & FOX REPORTER on scene said they came prepared to FIGHT, tired of this
She talk about Obama ,right? He divide the country before left the office.
He spoke clearly. It makes no difference. Critics regardless. Jewish married kids, countless minority's support. You all had crickets 9 yrs.
Why does @LindseyGrahamSC expect Trump 2 ONLY condemn 1 side & not ALSO violent leftist thugs using bats? https://twitter.com/FoxNewsSunday/status/896732559769513984 …
Too late now. We all know Trump supports them. He said it without opening his cheeto mouth.
Hey, Lindsey Graham, ALL hate groups are "un-American!!"  For God's sake GROW A SPINE!
Like o corrected "dead cops" rioters and looters
SHUT UP !!
there is nothing wrong with what @realDonaldTrump said. Maybe you should work instead of doing interviews spewing leftist rhetoric #Graham
See @kilmeade no one can count on @LindseyGrahamSC!! Even after @POTUS made a statement against the violence, it wasn't enough for Graham!!
Don't call it "un-American" when the country itself was unfortunately founded on and by such beliefs. Sad, but true. Our nation is odd.
@POTUS called it like it was. Someone bussed in an opposing, violent group, a group without a permit to protest and allowed this to happen!
I see this as something we ALL should do. Is the POTUS the only person with a voice?
IT'S A SCAM TO INSTIGATE CONFLICT & TO DISENFRANCHISED THE MASSES. & TO SABOTAGE THE REPS & DEMS.
THEY HAVE BEEN MANIPULATED BY THE SINGAPORE GOVT! IT'S A SCAM TO INSTIGATE CONFLICT & TO DISENFRANCHISED THE MASSES. & TO SABOTAGE THE REPS
Antifa is UNAMERICAN TOO
LINDSEY GRAHAM SHOULD STOP HIS ORDERING AROUND HE IS NOT PRESIDENT, AND HE CAN'T EVEN GET A HEALTHCARE BILL TOGETHER AFTER 8 Years!!!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump Graham,Your Public Comments On Nationalist Groups R UnAmerican. U Choose Favorites
@realDonaldTrump Graham,U Call for Suppression of White Groups-What of ANTIFA/BLM? All Hate Groups??
@realDonaldTrump Graham,U R So Loud denouncing White Groups-What Of ANTIFA/BLM?And their Founder???
POTUS corrected the message of every group that expressed hate-filled behavior. wants to lock POTUS into one group. He decried ALL VIOLENCE!
Graham implies POTUS" fault White Supremacists like him is deceitful to public and wrong on principle. I m not WS & I don't like Graham!
Okay, White supremacists , Neo Nazi's, Anti fascists(ANTIFA) and Black Lives Matter(BLM), you know, THE MANY SIDES.
please... call it what it is, like radical Islamic terrorist, or speak too soon & create a fake movement, hands up don't shoot, his words
Don't hold your breath @realDonaldTrump called for the execution of 5 black men. They were innocent. He never apologized. Brought this to WH
But he has to include these violent Left groups also.  Hate is coming from many as President says.

These groups promoting racism need to be investigated,as well as Lynch https://youtu.be/LxJbtnFGv04  #Chalottesville @POTUS @jeffsessions https://twitter.com/suede_santoro/status/896554781308801025 …

I will set this here... #Charolettesville 
Graham should be worried about the RatLines in S America he's involved in. This story is ready to EXPLODE. Report that Chris Wallace
Lindsey Graham is a nazi
You need to get off the band wagon against president Trump!!
@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS all violence against free speech is not American way.
Wow the radical left have been killing police and destroying citys for the past 4 years and politicians have said nothing hypocrisy
Every White & Black Senator must speak out loud and disavow Black Lives Matter, Muslim Brotherhood, Antifa. Say it out loud Lindsey.
They won't though. They still think appeasing the groups u mentioned is working.
I think it's up to their mothers and father's!
Curious to know your answer on how POTUS is suppose to correct the message.
Then tell Trump to remove Miller, Bannon and Gorka from their White House positions.
Oh come on. You heard his bigoted campaign rhetoric. He hasn't changed. All of you just ignored it and that's just as bad.
 
         .
Are you for calling for @realDonaldTrump to get rid of Sessions, Bannon, Miller, & Gorka.  They are white supremecists in the white house.
Graham is an ass, BLACK LIVES MATTER IS UNAMERICAN, ANTIFA ARE COMMUNISTS, THEY WANT ALL WHITES KILLED - this is the result now.
@SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC  both are sore losers that continue to criticize the President. Jealous losers both hurting the GOP-retire!!
Saw @LindseyGrahamSC  going after @POTUS , big surprise. If less than 8 % GOP primary polls weren't clear enough, You will never be Prez.
White nationalist are terrorist and as such, they should not be able to buy guns, vote or travel by commercial air.
I think the President addressed the situation.  Just because the rest of you do not get go stick your head in mud!
Seriously @LindseyGrahamSC ? When you support @realDonaldTrump, you support his racist agenda. He won't denounce them-he IS ONE. #getaclue!
Speaking of in-American how is Congress doing?
This was started 3 years ago in Ferguson when Obama said Mike Brown could if been his son.BLM continued to riot and destroy cities.
. IT'S NOT ONLY UP TO POTUS! All you politicians nd to WAKE UP and speak up against all this crap! STOP being concerned about votes!
Excuse me if I'm wrong but I don't recall you ever trying to force Obama to specifically denounce Black Lives Matter.
Thank you for speaking out against the white  supremacists.
They do not represent true conservatives. They were paid by Globalist elite to riot. Most not even from area and were bussed in.
It's only un American when white folks do it. Right Lindsey?
Lincoln would be rolling over in his grave if he had seen what trump has done to your party. Nazis in the White House must be removed.
No POTUS not wrong all sides in that need to be condemned. I saw both sides throwing punches. Time we tell the truth.
GOP Congress needs to step up & force Pres to call out White Supremacists & rid WH of Breitbart OR IMPEACH!! Show U mean your words, GOP!
When will these Trump haters call anti fa and BLM  WHO BURN AN SPIT ON THE FLAG. ANTI AMERICAN?   Still waiting
Oh now it's a problem for Lindsey Graham.   Looking for supporters
Are you proud to be a member of the OFFICIAL party for #AmericanNazis #whitesupremacist and #WhiteSupremacistTerrorist ??

Left wing Lindsey acting like the true turncoat establishment RINO that he is
I just watched Fox News report on what happened. They said absolutely nothing about domestic terrorists, white supremacists, NOTHING!
Why the outrage now about 45? He showed us his color during campaign and these GOPers still stuck by him. These are all accessory to crime

It is time for you and your fellow republicans to take hard actions against @POTUS Urging him to do things is not getting the job sone.
You had your chance top be President but you were the only one interested. Stop bad mouthing the President every chance you get. We all see!
You are correct Graham wanted to be president.  Everyone both Dem and Repb. Can't stand the country VOTED DONALD TRUMP. LIVE WITH IT!!!!
ha ha.
What about BLM and ANTIFA...they too are anti-American
Where is your condemnation of them?? Or r u too scared to say anything bout them
U Elected Him Republicans
U said they think they have a friend in @realDonaldTrump. That's wrong. They DO HAVE a friend in Trump. That is now clear. He supports them.
thank you senator!
#Charlottesville 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AOx7NMbMkU …
Did Jason Jessler get beat up by a girl? Snap!
President Trump stated that he will investigate it" Those ppl were bused in an funded by Soros. 
Our President did the right thing! U wait.
Who had the permit to march or protest? Having two groups with opposing views will generally get out of hand. What drove this?
GOP seems to fall in line w/@realDonaldTrump  and will define party as anti-American. Will make choice @ election time easier!
Lindsey Graham go away please go away please
Trump should start with the removal of the unelected Nazis from the White House. Bannon, Gorka, and Miller must GO.
Fire Bannon!
The Pres was right to say all groups. Anti-fa, BLM, Wht supremacy is not going to be tolerated. Get Marie Barf to shut up and the other Dem.
Like Obama condemned BLM?
Is the rampant anti Semitism on American college campuses acceptable to you? Why is Senate not doing anything about it?
@SenMajL
No it's not!  He did an outstanding job!  Shut up!  Double standard
I can't believe Fox News panelist said "more unacceptable" than a guy running people down on streets is Trumps condemnation in response
Says the ppl most responsible. You created this with your anti immigrant rhetoric for how many decades?  #Charlottesville
Trump won't.  They're his base and he's encouraging them.  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/neo-nazi-daily-stormer-trump-charlottesville_us_59905c7ee4b08a2472750701?ncid=inblnkushpmg00000009 …  #GetReal Mr. Graham and #StopLying to yourself
Marie Harf said there is no equivalent on the left..really?
Why does Trump have to be explained what he says by his supporters everyday .. he just is that ignorant on all subjects..
Loves going on state run media "fox" which is a racist network. Graham worked 136days pay is 174000 last year. He is a war monger&trumplover
The marchers had a permit to march.
Protesters against their march arrived.
Professional protesters arrived to incite.
POTUS was correct
Why would @realDonaldTrump "correct" the message? He's one of them and relies on their votes, as do the rest of you in the @GOP. #NaziGOP
Nope! He can't "Why we voted for Donald Trump": David Duke explains the white supremacist Charlottesville protests
GOP owns this. You knew what you were backing & you did it anyway. Add it to the growing stench attached to the Republican party. #naziscum
All hate groups are unAmerican
You mean like this?
POTUS statement was correct! BLM & Anifta were also there& they came to riot! Reports say the driver was Anifta. Shut down Soros& Obama org.
You criticize what he says but now you want him to speak. You run out of complaints?
I believe this riot was setup by the VA Governor. He wants supremists deamed terrorists, did not want them to rally, bussed in Antifa & BLM.
Very astute and quite accurate. This was a set up and something else for the extremist media to spin negatively towards @POTUS!
Shout up back stabber
It's his working vacation, Lindsey!
Too little to late, whitey.  The word you were looking for were was supremacists
Look who Trump is surrounded by...Bannon, Steven Miller and Sebastian Gorka. It's clear he believes in white supremacy. #Charlottesville
YOU SAY "WHITE NATIONILST"UR STARTING ANOTHER WAR ..CAIR WANTS THE AMERICAN WHITE CHRISRIAN GONE..HEY I'M RED..SO
BUT BLM ANIFTA ARE THUGS ARE ALLOWED TO BURN COP CARS,LOOT BLOCK ROADS PUT,2 PEOPLE IN A COMA THE DEMS,THE LEFT R A MENTAL ISSUE AND YET
Lindsey Graham - shut up. Who cares what you say.
He wouldn't condemn an endorsement in 2016 from Duke, why is anyone surprised by his lack of moral authority on this? Sad day for US!
Msg was clear.U to talk about @POTUS.He strongly denounced hate groups. It would take DAYS to personally name them all #duh
I personally don't believe doctrine of White Supremacy, but POTUS leads ALL citizens. Was totally correct to condemn ALL VIOLENCE! Picky!
BLM and Antifa were thereas well.
Ya THINK?????  NO Criticism of #Putin NO Criticism of #WhiteSupremacists  - but RIPS #GOP on the regular.
ISIS Supremacist group is CURRENTLY raping, pillaging, executing more innocents than ANY group WORLDWIDE but NO ONE sees nonWhite Supremacy
Isn't it RACIST to equate 1 WHITE Supremacist to 1 MILLION Muslim Supremacists?
KKK(WASP:White Anglo Saxon Protestant), Nazis are irrelevant
No it's not.
Lindsey why don't you stop going on TV to bash President Trump? He said BOTH sides have to stop the hate!
And the Antifa?
