Support ACA!
Why! So hard working Americans can pay for lazy ass do nothings?  No way. Try taking personal responsibility. Pay for your own.
Get a clue! Try to make your brain work beyond what you've been spoon-fed. #TrumpCoven
Mother of three, divorced, self employed. If I can do it SO CAN OTHERS. PS I have a masters degree. Resent lazy people.
Working poor unable to access healthcare resent your elitist attitude.  I personally resent categorization based on being under informed.
Not elitist attitude. But certainly not socialistic like yours. I'm plenty informed, it's just not what you want to hear.
It can actually be affordable folks. Requires politicians to walk away from big pharma / big medical $.Requires us to demand  they do so.
I been screaming I want gov out of insurance & care. Not their place. I want free market system.
Better Simon can't or even want to deference this . Cloths money  that ass?
How long do we have to wait for something to happen against Comey , Hillary, Huma or anyone. It looks like the twilight zone to us
Um.. No
I'd rather digest a broken beer bottle
Sen Graham,  As much as I respect you, I cannot watch that one sided channel. At least CNN has trump's surrogates on to try and defend him.
Try an actual news channel.
No thank you. I don't do faux.
Talk about single-payer being a disaster to humanity. How can this country come to this. We used to have decent values. Sad!
Why?
LMAO DID YOU SAY FAKE NEWS?
Pro-North Korean Moon Jae-In is sending 8 million dollors to North. Korea, It is very wrong and illegal.
Why? Fox News is not credible. I will tune in when you are on NPR or PBS
Good grief - you must be desperate to be on fox so called news.  DESPERATE
What Channel is it on?
Sorry, I am boycotting @FoxNews forever.
I imagine is it about your plan to screw over fellow Americans.
Fake News. How about if you come out?
No..I don't watch that lying BS network...sorry!
Tune in? With each tweet, Senator, you are sounding more and more like trump. As is your preference for Fox News...
Actually his preference is for John McCain and Joe Lieberman. #ComeOutLindseyGraham
Gross
No!
Seriously? Fox? No way I'd listen to them!
Y
Why every 2 mins are you tweeting that you will be on Fox
Because he's too chicken to tweet that he's gay.
-Lindsey, going where the BS is accepted as truth ...what does that say about your plan? It's bullshit
No thanks
Fox New?!  No thanks...
Never mind...you've lost me
Nobody wants to see that BS!
The only thing you need to do is figure out how to provide a single payer option
Nope
Be interviewed by @maddow, @Lawrence @JoyAnnReid and I'll be impressed
Really Fox News? Contributing to the circus?
Why watch. You a flip flopper. You have to be tired of having to hold your lips in that pucker position on Trumps butt daily. Fake news show
Nope. Watching MSNBC! #RachelMaddow
No thanks: don't watch fox faux news. Waste of time.
Please I'm begging you for repeal. I haven't afforded insurance since ACA. No physical in 9 years.
And why should that be of interest to anyone?
Nope.
How about NPR?
Oh brother a pair of lying liberals talking. So glad I missed that
#MedicareForAll
Nope
Get out of your bubble and know that the people are on to the block grant scam.  This is not going to help people get health care.
Try somewhere that's not FAUX next time.

When you stop flip flopping I might tune in
Pass.
How about you go on @maddow instead of the trump propaganda machine? Scared?
Nope
It's fox entertainment   News is based in facts and you know it is true.

We don't watch FOX
Fake news why use fox Lindsey?
You belong on #FauxBoobz, with that maroon @marthamaccallum
Tell her about the transfer of medicaid funds that Graham-Cassidy calls for from blue to red states. Your “solution” to ACA. #GOPBADIDEAS
Going to speak to a real news program?
Apparently not tonight.
Tell them how your plan is weak and the Kasich plan is more deserving of a look
U go on the FAKE NEWS propaganda SHOW-NOT NEWS -and I get its where GOP  goes ... xcept it's devoid of facts or news
No.  You back trump.  I view you now as a traitor and UNAmerican.
Listening to the @GOP remove health care from Americans makes my stomach turn. Our country used to be great. Very sad.
Sorry, I don't watch Fox News. Maybe you should try doing interviews at MSNBC so other people hear what you have to say, too.

You seem to like waffles Lindsey
No thanks.
Nah I would rather cut myself in a room full of hungry rats! #iWouldRather
I would rather be locked in a room full of killer bees! #iWouldRather
I would rather have 800 fishing hooks on my skin being pulled at the same time! #iWouldRather
No thanks you are weak on Trump - grow a spine then maybe !
Big deal. How about a real news show, where they might ask real questions? If you want to convince Dems, it won't be with Fox News.
Fox News??? What a joke! The original and only 'fake news'! Try to sell your story on PBS or MSNBC. We want our ACA!
.@HouseDemocrats.@SenateDems Just more of the same! MILLIONS KICKED OFF HEALTH CARE! WOMEN & POOR & CHILDREN COMPROMISED Where's CBO score?
Great job senator. I believe your ways are good for the USA
Either sell out or don't- take a damn position. SC has to be getting tired of the flip flopping.
Sorry Lindsey. Can't watch you on the Trump Propaganda Network.
Fox News is Fake News!!!
Such a reputable news outlet.  Another attempt to kiss up to trump?
Your office has my number in Mt Pleasant?  Do you want my vote?
Don't watch Faux Not News!

Miss Graham is usually wrong
No thank you, Sir. No FOX for me.
Not unless you demand impeachment of 45
Sorry my tv blows up if I try to watch FOXNEWS
Speaking on Fox must be a last resort to get some visibility... actions speak louder than words, one might be to impeach Mr Trump!

Gross
@LindseyGrahamSC: appreciate Senate taking up the issue of healthcare. Americans deserve better than OCare. Single payer is not an option.
You did a good job. Thank you.
Christians don't rip healthcare from 22,000,000 people
I no longer watch Fox.  Too huge a disconnect from reality. There is more truth on The Simpsons at this point.
Why?   Lol
Thank you for continuing the fight on healthcare, Senator. The issue is paramount to many Americans and I appreciate your continued efforts!
Fox.... you are better than that. Show some self respect
Why can't u appear on MSNBC, fox is just garbage
He's too Chicken to go on a "Real" News Outlet! Sit down with Rachel Maddow then I'll see what you have to say, otherwise it is all B.S.

To watch you lie about health care again?
@FoxNews? That pack of liars & propagandists. Never. No decent person would have anything to do with them. LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS NFW
In Mexico,surgery in about 30 minutes, have bcbs,can't afford my deductible, pay for premium  insurance,this is insanity,why is it this way?
Thanks to Obama
No kidding, all for everybody having access but his way we have apparently help 20 million why the other 310 million are hurting for it smh
Repeal it and start again
There are OTHER media outlets you know
Good place for you !
Yep. Get out there and sell it to your base, Lindsey. Because this is just another way to take healthcare away from those who need it.
There you go again just pay Medicare and Social Security back. You owe over 2.7 trillion.
Are you serious with this POS?
Gonna be a hard pass
I don't watch state media. Choose any other major network, ANY, and I'd watch.
Stop talking & do something. I hear the same garbage every day n nothing gets done.
Nice punt on ACA. But Lindsey, what part of REPEAL don't you understand? We don't want the government STATE or FEDERAL involved. Free market
love fox news

#TrumpRussia
Get it done Lindsey
Does your bill TRULY defund planned parenthood?
Sorry, I don't tune into fantasy TV
I'm about to make me a turkey sandwich. Pass the mayo.
I would never watch @FoxNews
Don't watch GOP propaganda machine Lindsey. When you appear on Rachel Maddow I'll tune in to your thoughts and comments! Until then hot air
Haha....not a chance.
@SenSanders is all about letting the government control everything, please stop him & those loonies!
NO! piece of 
How about getting back to one of your constituents who had asked for your help?
No.  Not going to watch unless you are talking about impeaching these Russian spies.

Tell them about your god-awful healthcare plan.  Like about how most fox viewers will lose their health insurance
Don't drink the Kool-Aid!

Are you going to tell the old white people how you are going to gut their healthcare to pay for millionaires tax cuts.
There's no way I'm listening to anything on that propaganda channel.

No thanks to Fox
I don't watch right wing propaganda
Don't have Pravda.

Why??????

No thanks. Fox is awful
Don't think so, republicans never get anything done,all talk and no action. 7 years of replace and repel and they couldn't do it. Losers
NO REPEAL...FIX THE #ACA
About what... a failed Obamacare Repeal that u failed to push early on, because of other priorities, like ur amnesty push? Ur fault its DOA.
Not in this lifetime.
Not in a million years.
Nobody listens to traitors, or their propoganda arm.
Sorry Lindsey I don't watch fake news.
That sucks. Don't die of boredom!
No thanks.
Let me guess: it's about how Trump is truly gonna be Presidential now? Or is it just the standard fare of fear-mongering about immigrants?
Say something good about trump
In other words, lie.
Stand down

