Traitor!!
Tune in 2 watch you make excuses and put party over country. I was a supporter thinking you'd be the checks n balance for trump but I r not
Comey wasn't asking for more investigative resources but more prosecuting resources.  It's the DOJ who is lagging.
Just because you think it Sen Graham, doesn't mean you have to say it out loud...to the world.
Non-issue. Focus on passing imp legislation on taxes, healthcare, immigration etc.
Stand up!  Do the right thing ... please !!!
Have you ever seen a cover-up with no underline crime?
He's threatening Comey now. Gonna do something about it? Remember when America was a place we could be proud of?
I'm begging u be the repub adult in the room, u must stop standing up for admin that is not for USA but for himself only, comey fire is BS
Why don't you become the standout Republican? Step up senator. Aren't you tired of hearing how people think of you.  Change the story.
Will you stand to control Trump; can GOP be patriot to defend constitution? Or can Trump destroy our democracy. Is there anyone of courage?
Fox News is a joke; #Countyb4party; stop fucking around and get the Independent bipartisan investigation going already-
Hey Lindsey Old Boy! Time to grow a pair of nuts and Demand and Independent Investigation on the President and his Russian friends
Do your job. Uphold your oath. Put patriotism before party and support independent investigator.
What we should have an independent counsel to investigate Clinton Foundation and Esionage act on Hillary's emails.
Trump's law firm is Russia's law firm of the year. What? Really
https://twitter.com/astull90/status/863017114063470593 …
Can USA sue Trump for Breach of Trust? THE CASE IS MADE. WE are Sucker Punched. REPORT by @Zigmanfreud  http://www.mediaite.com/online/the-hyper-partisan-reaction-to-trumps-comey-firing-shows-how-much-we-all-suck/ … #ComeyFiring
Senator, can you please comment on Trumps "certified letter". Sounds like something he wrote or had a lawyer write for him.
Cover up of corruption
It's extreme dereliction of duty to not seek the truth w/regards 2 #TrumpRussiaInvestigation Where is the rest of the GOP? #KeepPressing
@LindseyGrahamSC you're taking heat b/c people perceive your recent deference 2 @realDonaldTrump 2 be an unnatural act for someone w/courage
THANKS  LINDSEY
KEEP ON GOING FORWARD!
You are right Senator.  This isn't Watergate.  It's much worse.  Do your job #CountryOverParty #Trumprussia #IndependentInvestigation
Is the GOP agenda more important than upholding the law. Trump fired Comey to end Russia investigation.  GOP is covering up for Trump.
Why is it okay Trump to fire heads of investigations? Yates, Bharara, Comey.     Special independent  prosecutor needed.
You talk a good game at times, throwing in a couple of jokes but don't represent your constituent' s. Betsy Devos, AHCA votes as examples
Please call for a special prosecutor! trump is undermining our democracy!

Try speaking to real news instead
Respect for calling obama a liar, but now u turn blind eye to Trump?  For shame.  How will God judge your falsehoods? How can u respect self
Amazing you could enunciate with so much bullshit in your mouth. This is the nail in your career coffin. Brush up your golf skills.
Good job Mr Graham stand strong behind President Trump Comey needed to be fired long ago!
Nice looking bunch of white folks
You are poop 
Odd? Senator Graham had nothing to say last spring after attending the Ultra-Secret Globalist's BILDERBERG GROUP 2016 meeting in Germany!
I am also a Democrat that voted for you. I won't make that mistake again! #DoYourJob #SpecialProsecutor #RussianCollusion #notmypresident
Do you ever speak to any outlet other than Fox?  Show some backbone.
Based on your response to this situation, apparently I've given too much respect to you throughout the years.
Not again!!!
Try to remember who raised you. #backbone
Glad Comey is gone...should've happened sooner.
Comey was fired because of what he might reveal. Do you have any morals or guts.  Stop Trump from being a dictator.
Senator, 
GOP is responsible to curb in this crazy Trump!
Please raise above partisan politics. GOP must raise above politics!
Please Act!!
Not news! Bullshit!
I love you, but you KNOW this is a complete load of crap about WHY Donald fired Comey. Please don't stick your head in the sand!
You mean FauxNews?
Fox News. Waste of time.
Tune in for lies and avoiding the issues.
He who allows oppression shares the crime. 
Erasmus
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR .... NOTHING LESS
You enable these illegal acts. Be careful that you align yourself with Trump, because people here in SC won't forget
Step up sir and get to the bottom of this crooked administration. Stop defending the GOP  you are better than this.
Dems hysteria over #ComeyFiring "gives hypocrisy a bad name."
Shame on you for respecting Trump's decision to oust Comey.  Don't you care about our country over politics?
Russian officials meeting the President while the guy heading the investigation regarding their relationship is sent packing. Seems wrong.
You are not God almighty. You are betraying your country. This is worse than Watergate. Honest Rs then, now blackmailed or traitors.
I'm not a Rep but I've always respected you until now. This situation needs an independent investigator. Take a stand for our nation.
COWARD!
Trump firing Comey.
TRAITOR! Trump meeting with Russians day after firing Comey
It’s Time for the American People to Demand the Removal of Trump, His Admin. & the GOP NOW! LOCK HIM UP..
I used to think u had integrity. Unless u call for Special Prosecutor, you are complicit in #coverup. Nine staffers on investigation, please
I don't EVER watch fake news and Russian propaganda on @FoxNews .
WHO in our GOVERNMENT HAS THE GUTS to STAND UP TO an OBVIOUS ATTEMPT by TRUMP to MOVE OUR COUNTRY to a DICTATORSHIP???? NOT REPUBLICANS!!!!!
TRUMP OWES RUSSIAN OLIGARCHS BILLIONS!!! TRUMP SHAKES KISLYAK'S HAND In WHITE HOUSE AFTER FIRING COMEY!!!!!!
TRUMP and SESSIONS ASKED ROSENSTEIN to COME UP WITH a REASON for FIRING COMEY. VERY FISHY(STINKS) 1st Thing to DO AS ACTING AG VERY FISHY!!
There is a Grand Jury with 20+ indictments handed down. This is a Criminal investigate, so support a special council asap!
With respect Senator, you need to bring Comey now to lead an Independent Commission and continue his investigation, who better, take advtg.
Just lead Senator. You're a good man.
Collusion
You are a fraud!  How is a special prosecutor not warranted? Last I checked Collins and treason are serious crimes!
Sir - history will not be kind to you & rest of GOP for being accomplices/complicit to Russia coverup
Was hopeful lately that you might be a stand up guy but no more. I can't HEAR you anymore. Independent investigator or quit! You caved.
Senator, please do the right thing for the American people.
Time for an independent investigation. We've lost faith in Congress, Jeff Session and POTUS.
What does Russia have on you? #RussiaGOP
Senator Graham the shine is coming off your star with your continued support of this president. History will not judge you a patriot.
You are a disappointment.  Party over country.  Shame on you.
AMERICANS DONT WATCH RT.  TRAITOR!
#Russia is all we care about.  Do something about it.
Don't bother.
Not watching the un-news fake news channel. I don't care that Trump crafted that all his people give exclusives to that propaganda station
wake up Lindsey trump fire comey because of Russian investigation.
Senator Graham, our Republic needs you now.
you made your choice of russia over USA
Please request a special prosecutor and Sessions recusal
Oh so you're on State Propaganda Network
#PatheticPandering
Traitor
Won't listen to you until you get a fire in your belly and LIVE YOUR COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY.
Have fun on FoxSnooze, the other channels might actually be reporting what is going on. 
#FoxSnooze
Your ability to seamlessly reference Trump's alternative facts makes you complicit in the fake government Trump is setting up.
Time for a special prosecutor. RIGHT NOW! #Trumprussia Do it! You'll have the support of 95% of America.
Fox News is an entertainment channel. Stop. Be a patriot, go on real news channel to talk about how you  are defending democracy
this whole thing will be delayed longer,what damage needs 2 be done 2 America by djt until action takes place
Please address Russian foreign minister's disrespectful quip about Comey firing.
#GOP coward on #fauxnews, I will pass
Russian in WH today,transition team must still be coming in
Please be the statesman you appear to want to be and stand up for America
Comey for president 2020!
Impeach NOW !!!!
You sir are complicit in this debacle, and may history look back at this time as the beginning of the end of the GOP
Respectfully disagree. There is enough evidence of impropriety in WH to investigate. NOT partisan to want truth!
did Trump buy you off.  I voted for you.
Yeah.  That was a good one!
Commercial is right
Senator Burr has got to go. He is definitely part of the cover up in the Trump investigation. Independent Investigation Needed!
@LindseyGrahamSC GOP's must stand against Trump or you will go down in history as the party to sell out to Russia.
You need to get your boy McConnell! #IndependentInvestigation now!
the impropriety of all of this should be obvious 2 the people we put in Congress & senate. Questions surround all
You are a disappointment to your country
You've done NOTHING but promote ur self & exploit DJT chaos for ur own gain! You are no champion of democracy. You sir are a fraud! #Fail
Regarding Trumps Obstruction:  He must be put on administrative leave, a special prosecutor must be started NOW
COVER UP-CORRUPT TO THE CORE and you are a part of it.
No, thank you.
No...won't watch your collusion with Fox.  Your integrity is really in question...again..with me.  What are you all hiding...
Partisan hack on state run TV putting party b4 country - 9 staffers working on Russian inv in Senate #ComeyFiring #DoYourJob
Sen. Graham, I am deeply alarmed at the repeated tampering of Trump into investigations regarding Russia. Firings of Comey & Yates a ruse.
You know what? Dems will be back in majority and your name in the history book will be disappointing
this country is in turmoil b/c djt thinks he is above law. Ur party rallying around him makes u look just as guilt
Unless you say you're pushing for an independent investigation, no one cares.
Special Prosecutor !  NOW !!
#AllRoadsLeadtoRussia 
The GOP are going to be held responsible for the delusional, vile, treasonous and inhuman miscreant holding office today. Get him out!!
These guys were hacked by the Russians too, and many seem afraid to do anything. Graham will make a harsh statement occasionally,  but he
always follows up with a contradictory action. He isn't going to do anything.
This is it Lindsey, time to choose between your country and this criminal president
I'd rather eat glass while watching paint dry.
Not impressed thus far with your reaction to Trump & Co's erosion of democratic principles.  Not a partisan issue. Americans will remember.
We better hear about ACTIONS that are already underway.
Special prosecutor independent investigation, please. Democracy at risk.
please go on a real news network Senator. One with integrity
Lindsey you can join the rest of the GOP who have sold out to a corrupt Trump. Shame on you!
Sir: Please regain your courage. We need a special counsel.
I'm a DEM that trusted you and would have voted for you....You're letting a lot of people down; Used to be the glimmer of hope 4 democracy!
Do the right thing Senator
you should be ashamed of yourself.
Subpoenas were issued to Flynn associates. Sure seems like this progress, if anything, precipitated the firing.
@GOP willing stands by as Trump/Bannon put USA in bed w/ Russia & now @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan support #coverup
Will most of @GOP continue 2 put personal agendas/party over their VOTERS if so it's #PoliticalSuicide -This has gone too far #DoYourJob
They need to take a look at how many GOP lost their seats after Watergate
I hope you pick the right side. It's time to stand up. #CountryOverParty
You're falling in line with the rest of GOP in defending this action. Only ones that listen to you is your own party.
@AP Russian visitor is LAUGHING..LAUGHING at us..is there no USA pride over party? What is happening to us?
You are a traitor.
I get u want 2 b loyal 2 ur party. Loyal 2 djt will cost u a political career. Hope u do the right thing 4 usa
No! I'm not listening to you down play Trump/Russia investigation anymore! I'm writing you off! I had high hopes for you but I'm done! Bye!
No sweetie! I don't watch Faux News, Info Wars, Breitbart, Rasmussen, National Enquirer, etc... #ClimbOutOfYourRabbitHole #Brainwashed
I'm sure they'll each your party over country mentality up
Eat
No, thanks. Your abdication of responsibility has already been made clear.
