It's very sad that Heather underestimated the danger of being trapped between two violent , radical groups.
Where are your thoughts and prayers for all of the police officers who were shot 8/18?
I don't believe you know how to pray sir! Your actions and lies prove you are not trustworthy nor are you believable. You're a traitor!
You have more dems who follow you than Republicans - hmmmm
#PresidentTRUMP had a better message... WHY didn't you RT?  WHY aren't you supporting our President?
Because he's a RINO that's still butt hurt from getting beat by Trump. #Democrat
Traitors...
What we expect from U, is protection of free speech.  Nobody has 2 agree with what's said, but defend the right 2 speak.  Protest was legal!
Mine are too.
Fire your editor... forgot "with". Thanks for the lip service though... #Charlottesville #charlottesvilleterroristattack #ImpeachTrump
All are domestic terrorists #Antifa , #BLM #KKK #Nazi #Resistance

Denounce all or go f*ck yourself 
You bore me with your stupidity. 
@Bunny_2121 

maybe you won't be so bored in here ☭ Whiny Butt Hurt #Resistance Club ☭ enjoy your stay ! 
Oh poor little wimp! Can't fight your own battles? 
Not big on grammar. Dropped out at...I say 14. They've always said that about dump's base.
This should be your message.  Both parties bare responsibility for what happened.  Don't condone their thinking, only their right to speak.
Every Trump rally, every public speech by conservatives has been attacked by Black Bloc & ANTIA.  There is fear on the Trump side too.
The polls were wrong, because Trump supporters were hiding frm the same radicals who attended Charlottsville protest.  Haters on both sides
Don't pretend that the anti-protestors were all concerned citizens.  The same radical, violent opposition I feared at election, attended.
During campaign, Trump supporters laid low. Watched young girls being maced by grown men in black masks.  Older people, punched in the face!
H Y P O C R I T E
Trump supporters were "afraid" to make our choice known prior to election.  Rather than fight w/violent opposition, we went silent.
Again the thoughts & prayers. Action to improve the situation generally would be more helpful.
Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC !

And how does that help heal this community. This nation?
HE CAN"T. HE IS NOT FIT TO BE PRESIDENT> #ImpeachTrump
Stand up to Trump. Stop voting with white supremacists
Thanks for taking a strong stand on this
Now because I'm tired of being alone
thoughts & prayers my ass....That's what everyone say and they don't mean it..You only say it out of sick political necessity.
Typo
Grammar is important.
who do you pray to Lindsey ?
So you show sympathy here,  but not for the cops and conservatives being shot at by the liberals.
Lindsey, you STINK, you are wicked
ALL OF RINOS SHOULD BE THROWN OUT OF OFFICE. YOU ARE JUST LIKE HILLARY, SORE LOSER THAT WON'T STOP.
Can't you proof read? I have never like you, but with all that has been going on, and all that you have said: I now HATE you! 
WE AMERICANS DEMAND ANSWERS THAT WE AREN'T GETTING . WHY IS ANTIFA ALLOWED TO TERRORIZE US? AND WE ARE BLAMED FOR ONE NUT WHO WAS PLANTED
THERE NEEDS TO BE INVESTIGATION ON SOROS WHO IS PAYING FOR THESE RIOTS. IS IT BECAUSE HE PAYS YOU TOO? YOU ARE DISGUSTING.
DON'T JUST PICK ONE SIDE. ANTIFA, PAID BY SOROS,  IS AS MUCH BLAME BUT YOU'RE TOO CHICKEN TO COME OUT AND DENOUNCE THEM. WHERE IS GRAND JURY
WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO GET SOME BALLS ABOUT DENOUNCING ANTIFA? WHY AREN'T YOU SPEAKING OUT? CAUSE YOU'RE BUDDIES SUPPORT THEM?
To think I once liked you. I thought u were different but ur just like the rest. No balls to stand up for the truth against a corrupt media.
U R just another attention seeking opportunistic politician being led by ur nose by the media to perpetuate a new negative towards POTUS.
Republicans created this monster. They knew who he was but they closed their eyes so they could achieve their agenda.

Vote them all out!!!
Why do you let @realDonaldTrump continue on as President? Is your agenda THAT important?
BUT THE FAMILY WANTS TO KNOW WHY TRUMPF WASN'T AT THE MEMORIAL SEFVICE!
Just words..NO ACTION!!
WHO IS SHE?
#thoughtsandprayers thanks Lindsey! That will be super helpful against Nazis.
Violence is not acceptable no matter who does it!
Nice thoughts Senator Graham. What else are you going to do to stop our President. Is he right, is there no stopping his actions?
I disagree with you a lot, but you are a class act.
"And then next week I will be getting back to the important work of suppressing the vote of people of color"
Quite telling that this tweet doesn't get the likes and retweets it deserves Care to speculate @LindseyGrahamSC ?
Now DO something about it @LindseyGrahamSC.  Finally BREAK with Trump - on EVERYTHING!!!!
You are a good man Sen Graham
Great words, sir. But the time for words is past. Now, #ImpeachTrump is the only action that fits the deeds of this @POTUS.
At some point, statements about "...thoughts and prayers..." become just so much meaningless noise. For you, sir, that point was long ago.
#DoSomethingGOP
Her blood is on your hands. You and @gop allowed this to happen. Was that stolen SCOTUS pick worth it?
Oh Lindsey how very thoughtful. Now get your ass to D.C. And impeach trump.
'Thoughts and prayers' have become as useless as 'I'm a Republican and I don't approve of this msg'
Did you send the National Guard to protect them as they honored her? Actions speak louder than words Senator.
But your votes and deeds are with the racists
Very presidential! Good statement. Thank you. Pity @realdonaldtrump does not have the moral fortitude or skills to do the same. That's sad.
Lame words, her blood is on your hands as it is on @POTUS hands.
@POTUS might not be as eloquent as U would like but he's a good man who is doing GREAT things so support him stop trying to hurt his agenda!
Words spoken by a true Anerican
Senator censure him. Stand up! refuse to sign any legislation until Bannon is out of the white house!
Such a hypocrite, now ur real colors are showing. U will be gone next cycle.
Will u rebuke the president wholly?  Will you say out loud there is no place for him in representing this country?  U confirmed Sessions.
Would be great if you and your colleagues could join in censuring
Resolution to officially censure @realDonaldTrump for comments that “both sides” were to blame for the violence in  #Charlottesville. https://twitter.com/RepJerryNadler/status/897864490930376704 …
#ImpeachTrump
Take down the wizard of the kkk!!!
"thoughts and prayers" talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk  talk: morally turpitude-stricken DO SOMETHING
Actions are needed immediately. Prayers are a private talk between you and your God. Keep them private, please.
Need more from you.
Really remember and honor her and all of America by removing Trump before that white supremacist and his friends take over our government.
UR thoughts & prayers will not stop these insane pp. Get their support OUT of gov. b4 pp take it into their own hands & there is more death.
Aw, thoughts and prayers. How absolutely underwhelming.
You're a wet sock.
Words are cheap. Your president is an Alt-Right sympathizer. #25thAmmendment
Take up her cause @LindseyGrahamSC  if you want to honor her. She was on the right side of history. Will you be?
Thank you for saying her name!!!!!!
The only way to get the blood off of yours hands is to impeach trump!
#DoSomethingGOP #ImpeachTrump! When someone else gets killed their blood is on your hands for your inaction. Trump AND Pence must go. #Nazis
He mocked ur friend, American hero battling cancer, John McCain publicly yesterday again too! Isn't all that enough for u, seen.Graham?
While this is lovely, why don't u be the audacious, straight talking guy u are, and RIGHT NOW publicly DENOUNCE TRUMP? He mocked ur friend
Please contact members of @GOP and tell them to begin impeachment proceedings.  Thank you, Citizens of America
That will bring her back
Senator, you wanted to be the President of this GREAT country. Your turn to show us what you would have done as Pres. to keep America Great!
Your words are not enough. Action is needed
Thoughts and prayers are nice, but some ACTION is needed to correct this situation.
Graham, Heathers death falls partly on your shoulders too!  Get your GOP House friends to start impeachment proceedings against trump. NOW!!
Someone save us from this madman

Help us rid the evil in the whitehouse once and for all
Your thoughts and prayers mean shit Senator blood is on all your hands that sit back and do nothing but you have to your tax cuts
Further the hammer you mentioned yesterday needs to b taken up by you. Lindsey show us your outrage, sadness and Anger.
The question is how much longer will you let this continue?  How high does the level of violence and racism have to rise before you #Impeach
She was murdered by domestic terrorists. Pls give AG Sessions support to prosecute those responsible. Justice 4 her is justice 4 all
If only your fellow Republicans had your courage
No more statements.Time to act.cant u see that @realDonaldTrump is ruining our democracy? #IMPEACH45 #CountryOverParty
Prayers for Ms. Heyer and contempt for ANY senator still supporting a man who said there's a such thing as "fine" Nazis.
Ahh, good ol' thoughts and prayers
If you really want to honor Heather Heyer, then DO something. You're in a position of power; we are not.
Getting rid of the NAZIs in the White House would honor her memory and sacrifice for effectively.
Way past time where pretty words mean anything, and you should know it. When are you going to DO SOMETHING? #CountryOverParty
Please show courage, honour and leadership and speak up and denounce anarchist ANTIFA+racist, anti police Black Lives Matter. Be a leader!
Why didn't you call her family?!?!?  Why didn't the POTUS or ANY of the RNC leaders?!?!?  It's shameful.
Thank you from a resident of South Carolina for speaking out when it needed said.
"Eichmann in Jerusalem: A Report on the Banality of Evil"
If you want to honor Heather, stand against your fascist white supremacist president. He is a hater and a racist, you know that, SAY IT!

We're running out of runway people!
#morningjoe #GetWoke #DemForce 
@SueinRockville @SMShow @VanessaRumbles @docrocktex26 @RandiRhodes 
If you are Sincere About Heather Heyers Death
#PleaseImpeachTrumpIsUnfit
These words are nice and sweet but what are you going to do to take a stand against @realDonaldTrump
"with"?   "WITH" ?   "About"?     what?
And, tomorrow, back to standing w Trump's policies
Thanks @LindseyGrahamSC for telling the President by name that he's dividing us. Now it's time to DO something about this democracy-killer.
Please do the Right Thing for America and #GOPSDoYourJobImpeachTrumpForOurFuture
The best way to honor her is to demand that your colleagues in House begin impeachment hearings!
They, and we, don't need your thoughts and prayers we need YOUR action to remove the chief racist from our highest office
Since you can't make up your mind, I have now made up mind.  I have changed my party affill. from GOP to Ind.  You are a disgrace.
Trump made this atrocity possible. Do something. #TrumpEnabler
God Bless the family. Senator Graham - Do something, don't just talk about it.
@LindseyGrahamSC start holding @POTUS accountable for his words and actions, or you have let this woman die in vain.
Your president is a nazi sympathizer.

He is YOURS.  You voted for him.  You support him.  His sins are your sins.

#ImpeachTrump NOW.
You're his accomplice, Lindsey.
#Amen 
Thoughts and prayers go out to anyone who actually thinks thoughts and prayers accomplish anything.
I'll write to the Easter Bunny about the situation, and it'll accomplish exactly the same thing as your worthless thoughts and prayers.
Thank you for the kinds words. I hope that you will be able to soon move beyond just words into ACTIONS that create a fairer society for all
Thoughts and prayers? Impeach the racist!
#ImpeachTrump
Party or country, which side are you going to stand for going forward?
Thanks for your courage
Lovely sincere words, Sen. Graham

I believe you but I and many others, do not believe your president.

How can he continue?

He is hated!
Thank you!
Thoughts and prayers are all to common these days. Do something.
Thoughts and prayers are great, but how about removing the scourge that occupies the White House
Sen Graham, Trump obviously isn't fit to be POTUS.  Republicans need to fire him ASAP.  He's clearly a danger to our nation & world.
you and the rest of the @GOP are cowards. Stand up to the RACIST in CHIEF!
Your thoughts and prayers are worthless until they are backed up by action against this disgrace of a president. Are lower taxes worth this?
Why won't you denounce the racist bigot in the WH Senator? #complicit

Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka, Bannon, and Steven Miller. #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller 
Thoughts and prayers are great, but action is better. Don't let her die in vain, take action against Trump and Nazis
Blood on hands of a lot of people who endorsed Trump, or haven't acted to stop him. It was very clear some kind of tragedy would happen.
OH, PLEASE!!!! You, who could do something to stand up against this mentally ill man and yet you choose to stand still? Words, words, words.
Forget idiology, forget party, forget all the BS...it's time to act for country. #DumpTrump #ImpeachTrump #Impeach45
U all new how he was. U backed him just 2 win an election. u can't control him like u thought. #GOPshameimpeachtime
https://twitter.com/MrJ4life/status/897838563047460865 …

Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Thank you

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
Be a leader and ask for Trump's resignation. He's woefully unfit for the task.
Honor her by impeaching the ass in the WH who allowed this to happen.  The buck does stop there.  Her blood is on his hands.
It's time for action, Senator. Pretend a reallly big donor has asked you to act.
Why haven't you and @SpeakerRyan started #impeachment??????
Prayers lifted up.

Why don't you do something to honor her and the American people that are not racist Nazi's and call for POTUS impeachment? #ImpeachTrump
Or.... you could do something concrete, like take action to get Trump out of the Presidency
Her blood is on you and your Party Lindsey. You are allowing this traitor to kill us !  The Republican Party will never win another election
U guys are in power. For God sakes DO SOMETHING ...take some initiative...kick this Nazi sympathizer out !!! This is frustrating.
What will you DO? Will you move to censure the President? Impeach? Invoke 25thAmendment? How about sponsor national law against open carry?
By the way...just thought it should be asked...when do u think ur pres will get around to mentioning the 3 USMC who died 2 weeks ago
@POTUS "United we stand; divided we fall"...RIP Heather Heyer.
your thoughts and your prayers, but not your actions.
And yet you continue to support Donald Trump who not only refuses to condemn this hatred but inspires it. #Complicit
When will you ACT Sir???  If not now, when is enough enough??? If not who, what and who the hell did you take an Oath for??
#ImpeachTrump
"We must always take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented." ~EW
Do something about him ! What a disgrace we have in congress . Get him out
I'm sure Heather's family appreciates all the love. Except for those bottom feeders promote and condone violence. This was a hate crime!
We need more than your thoughts and prayers.  Some action to remove the inept and unfit POTUS is what is needed. Words mean nothing. ACT!
...and, so there is no confusing, I @LindseyGrahamSC will vote for EVERY one of Trumps legislative priorities going forward, Nazi or not
I implore you to call Trump out for his awful words. To not do so is to enable him and embolden Nazis and white supremacists. Do better.
He's trying people. I want Trump gone, too, but we need the support of Senator Graham. Don't dump on him. Go dump on Alex Jones. Et al.
Where is your outrage regarding the Presidents comments? #RacistTrump
Just remember your party owns him
All that is required for evil to prevail is for good men to do nothing. @GOP. Your refusal to call out @realDonaldTrump ia a failure to USA
Thoughts and prayers don't mean squat.
Time for Country over party. Time for action, this President is unfit for office.
T&P are kind. Proofreading is good. Actions are what we need. #ImpeachTrump
OH NO! This is YOUR shit-show. White Supremacy is YOUR party & YOUR rallying cry. Republican Regime owns this shit-show for the duration.
and when you find your spine please have the decency to rid our country of it's NAZI LOVING president.
