What about ANTIFA you twit
You are really being an arrogant  fool! You'll NEVER get my vote again! NEVER! Let me tell you ...I can't wait to go to the voting booth!!!!
Thank you senator. It's Putin who foments chaos, ginning up all these hate groups, including NRA, seeking to destabilize the country.
Senator you should draft a law prohibiting protest marches.  Get signatures on petition, present, & see if legislature will address
PROPOSE DOES NOTHING, YOU NEED TO PROTECT THE PEOPLE IN YOUR STATE, STOP RUNNING YOUR MOUTH LIKE A LITTLE GIRL, WHEN THEY HURT, WE ALL HURT.
The people propose Depts of Justice & Homeland Security form a task force to investigate Swampy for attempting 2 overturn POTUS' election.
Yes because they are recruiting and are planning more rally's
Good idea. Better idea....dump Trump.
They need to start with you, you pontificating fool! You are part of the "swamp" that needs draining!  Shame!!
You better before its too late and we have another civil war on your hands.
Here's a clue
There should be a task force for ALL domestic terrorists!
Work with Trump. We are seeing a great change in economy jobs created and better spirits. Stop the negative comments
That's nice Senator, but you'll have to restore funding to agencies tasked with monitoring the radical groups that was blocked by Gorka
Keep pushing for this great idea, Senator. We need everyone to stand up to Trump and his beliefs and outlandish rhetoric!
You sound like a socialist, globalist, freedom hating, identity politics, gender confused, Christian & Jew hating Leftist, Graham.  Are you?
God forbid WE should protest or rally FOR #OURPRESIDENT !! W/O threats of violence from the left, antifa, and the like!!
Hows about a task force to PROTECT supporters of #ourpresident from antifa?? U know as well as WE do, theyre out to beat the tar outta ppl!!
all you guys do is obstruct  @POTUS and talk your bull how about actually doing something for WE THE PEOPLE for a change actually go to work
They starting with Trump?
What about a task force on black lives matter and other violent leftist groups. Lindsey Graham task farce.
How about threat of Black Lives Matter, ANTIFA, & this antiquated Nazi group, are they from the Fatherland?
Aren't they on a list to be watched  by our gov't? Oh yeah,  TRUMP  had them removed when he got into office. That says a lot!!
So I missed you calling for a task force on the threat of Antifa.
Step 1 address the white supremist in the White House
YES!!
There was one and then Gorka's wife got it disbanded a few mths ago-FBI told trump & admin in May that things were escalating TALK IN CHEAP
The Obama admin already conducted a study and you and the rest of GOP ignored it.
Lol Obama? Why it needs revisit!
and that is your only response to the amazingly horrific press conference today????
I wonder what it will take to make the public realize we have a leader who is after the fashion of mcauthor
DON'T forget 2 fight against the black masked ANTIFA group or the BLM group that shows up at ALL peaceful protests & cause problems. ALWAYS!
Task force won't be very effective as AG Sessions is a racist too. Homegrown terrorism has been on the rise, and administration ignores it.
You are no better stop discriminating you must legally go after all guilty partys.
graham, where was YOUR voice when obama WH invited blm thugs, who incited killing police officers?  And when jihadists poured into USA?
Y mentioned that counter part in #Charlotteville is better (communists). If y follow Venezuela fascism=nazism=communism no difference.Shame
I didn't hear your voice condemning the violence of antifa. BLM protests against police. Not a signal word. Weak republicans
Okay but FBI has been warning you all for 10 years or so about the rise of the white nationalists. Don't act like this is something new.
Amen!
SOROS FUNDED ANTIFA thanks you for their support.
Like the task forces your buddy Sessions disbanded in DoJ?
If you push hard for a systematic and effective way to eradicate Nazism and white supremacism in America, you will have done great service.
You better include ALL hate groups. #Antifa and #BLM included. ALL of these hate groups will destroy our country #WeThePeople believe @POTUS
We already had a group working on this issue. Trump axed it. Do something! Get rid of Trump!
That is TRULY ABSURD AND YOU KNOW IT.  Why not propose the media SPEAK TRUTH about Antifa and BLM?  THAT's a way bigger problem, IMO.
Asking Trump to exercise leadership is asking him to defy his character. He is incapable. He must be removed from office.
Choose a side! Will you stand with Trump or show moral rectitude and speak against him?#ImpeachTrump
Or you could save a lot of money and #Impeach45 !
Senator stop picking on the Pres.   Also the proposed task force has to investigate BLM and Antifa they are as bad as the who supre. & nazis
Senator stop picking on the president. Also the task force should also investigate Black live matter and Antifa, they are as guilty as wh su
He can't come down like a hammer because he clearly told us he is a sympathizer with Nazis.  In America! We have a supreme racist in WH. SOS
If you can't speak out against ALL HATE GROUPS. SHUT UP!  As 4 me I stand strong AGAINST ALL HATE GROUPS!
maybe, if Left had been stop years ago from Burning Towns Down. Hate Groups wouldn't B Clashing N Streets.
Will there be Dept of Justice and Homeland Security task force's for Antifa??? How about BLM??? Oh u dont care bc ur state is mostly A.A.!!
He's running for president. I just threw up in my mouth. Go after all hate groups! Don't single out one!
Why are you leaving out the other Hate Groups? Hate with any face is Wrong.
You mean, you intend to send the task force to the White House? Good luck!
THANK YOU!!!!
START LOOKING AT GRAND POOP PHA TRUMP GO MUELLER GO GET THIS DONE WHAT TIME IS IT
How about a task force to get rid of the white supremacist who is in the Oval Office?
Include antifa and far left groups too.  Their violence cannot be condoned either
There is a government agency which tries to stop those who could be radicalized by white nationals, it was defunded shut up and do something
Trump is an instigator of this civil unrest and he doesn't have the ability to lead the country out of it! His words are lethal! 
Sticks and stones may break my bones but your words are helping too. What are you going to DO! ACT like a true patriot and take action!
Have the AG start a check on the BLM which the last President supported where do you Republicans grow a pair
Stop going against our President we are THE Deplorables out here
Right. Like Sessions is going to seriously--and with integrity--investigate his own kind.
Stupid waste of resources. Break the law toss, them in jail!
And yet you still support him guilt by association mr graham and the GOP
You KNOW what he is stoking.
You know it is inevitable more will die.
Impeachment!
Unifying leader is an emergency
Stop nationalism frm RWM
You have the Grand Dragon the whitest of White Houses. How do you plan on addressing that?
45 is too disabled to function
Addicted to vengeance

Nationalism is selfish
Opposite: Patriotism is service
Alt-right is not Conservative
Our nation is so divided. Thank you senator for working on a bridge and not simply yelling at the distance to get shorter #patroit
I don't think djt has enough people still working for him in HS and DOJ to get the job done. Root cause analysis: djt is the problem.
What are you going to do about Trump?
You make me sick! Go to the SOURCE THE NAZI @realDonaldTrump! Or go to 5th Avenue and let him shoot someone. You wouldn't give a shit
NOT enough!
No task force. Clean out the vermin in the People's House.
He is one of them! Are you prepared to stop @realDonaldTrump as well?
Thanks for knee-jerk reaction and grandstanding. Whatever would we do without you? Democrats are usually ones making use of tragical events.
actually not a terrible idea
If brain cancer is contagious, please spend more time with your liberal buddies John mc Cain, Paul Ryan and Mitch mc Connell.
Why bother the biggest threat of Nazis & white supremacists is IN THE WHITE HOUSE ALL DUE RESPECT YOU NEED TO CUT THE HEAD OF THE SNAKE OFF
GOP made Trump their leader, hid TrumpRussia investigation in July 2016 & r preventing his impeachment. GOP is  accountable
your best bet is start with trump. Seriously- do something now!
America first
There goes that politician in you; form a task force, build that empire.  You can't be serious that there is no data already collected...
Vote every GOP out they chose their side
David duke outed the president on tv.! @SMShow @with a wink&smile. @GOP  @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @AP @nytimes @NBC29 !Please do something
GOP always party over country vote them out
To late he laid this at your feet your complicit you will go down in history as the party of racism
TY! I feel terrorized similar to morn.of 9/11.- our mayor @RudyGiuliani.was pissed&took charge&stood up for us!This president-Sides w/terror
How about restoring the authority of Homeland Security to monitor those groups? You broke it, you bought it, you own it.
I'm assuming that there are additional tweets from you.  This can't be it.  They're on college campuses for a REASON.
Do u still think @realDonaldTrump did a good job? You're all talk and no action.
Get the nazi out of the White House.
It's too late. Your party has been exposed for what they are.
This response is inadequate. #SpinelessGOP #ImpeachTrump
The best thing you liberals can do is take the next 3 yrs and find yourself a  moderate candidate and rebuild the party. It's to Alt Left.
Not a Trump fan, but felt he was dead on today. Both the Alt-Right and Alt-Left to blame for this tragic event. Takes two to start a fight!
Yep, it was equally the racists and those decrying racism, right?
We had that.  Trump disbanded that along with most of the civil rights division.  Ask gorka's wife. It's time Trump goes.
yes yes yes
#TraitorsInTheWhiteHouse
How about removing the Nazis in the #WTFadministration @WhiteHouse that removed funding and programs that already deal with this shit?
Like the Gorkas, Bannon, and Miller.
Not a always a great fan of the Senator or SC politics but respect tonight . Call it like you KNOW it is Senator .
Can you add the Soris group too?
Investigate the incompetent Mayor & Police Chief who failed to do their job & maintained law & order.
It is time for you to DUMP TRUMP. He will purposefully send SC & US back 2 dark hateful place.  He is one of them. You are my senator. HELP!
GOP can get David Duke to chair it.
No more equivocating re. statements about him from GOP ldrs. He is incompetent and a danger to the Nation. You Members need to stop him.
Shut up @LindseyGrahamSC . Try doing your job.
While you're at it senator, investigate ANTIFA too.
I hope they Start with Investigating Advisors to this President - They ALL MUST GO!
Wait a minute. If they are going to form a task force for that they better be forming one for blacks as well.
The GOP must STAND United Against Trump's Ignorant Comments & Tweets that put this Nation in Danger Daily!  TY for Your Strong Leadership!
Sorry @LindseyGrahamSC but if i walk into a tent and david duke is in that tent i leave that tent !
Does that include dealing with Donald Trump
President Trump is 100 % right.
Lindsey Graham will not be reelected! I will vote for a democrat over this rat.
probably extremist groups in general although 45 destroyed any chance of that.
Trump already defended a program that helps fight white supremacy. You really think he's going to admit he was wrong by doing something now?
When are the United States of America people going to go to the White House and throw him out its time its past time and Mike Pence too
Start in WH!
Mr. Trump you put the CNN person under a train right after the lady got killed by the Nazi who ran over her and hurt the other people.
How much more is the United States of America going to have to put up with this man. Evil a thief a liar infos the media under a train.
Now Mr Republican of the year somebody needs to call impeachments you've already got the Smoking Gun now put it where it goes.
Dear god ... he is a career politician to the core
it's time for all the Republicans to go to the White House and stand by their president. He is a Nazi and he wants to kill Jews really
Mr Graham this is your man, you are one of his go to people. Don't leave your president now. He makes you proud to follow him!!!! Right
Or, at very least, restore focus on these groups that Trump directed be lessened.
Hmm, weird because that bat seems to be held by a white ANTIFA member.  So, we'll be investigating them as well?  If so, I'm all for it.
You and your GOP colleagues have the power to remove a toxic leader. Please help heal the country.
Clearly, that is not going to happen. The POTUS is one of them.
How about ANTFA & BLM Senator????
History will remember you.  Write your legacy sir!
What abt antifa
What about the opposite side?
I fully support that. How about BLM, and Antifa while you're at it?? Prosecute all hate groups Mr. Graham
Why hasnt the Republican Party spoke out in mass regarding this issue? Where is Paul Ryan?? The Republican Party is a major disappointment!
@MiaFarrow @postandcourier Time for Trump to be removed from office! #ImpeachTrump
Do something damn it!!!! Oust this vile unfit man baby who supports the hatred, incites the hatred and defends the hatred.
Start talking #25thAmmendmentNow
Insufficient.  How about Graham be the MAN in the GOP who stands up, says NO, and calls for Trump's resignation or impeachment?
Talk is cheap. Do something about trump
Can't we take away his cell phone and cameras
Lindsey graham needs to address the real issue.. BLM & STOP BEING SO AFRAID TO OFFEND THEM! VOTE LINDSEY OUT OF OFFICE! He’s a coward!
Their first target should be the Trump organization.
Black or white, hate is hate and we must shut down ALL groups who hate.
Can you include BLM as well? Are they not considered terrorists? How many police were executed or ambushed because of this group?
We need you to speak up about @realDonaldTrump 's press conference today now @LindseyGrahamSC
Now you need to impeach the leader of the WS, Donald Trump
Did I miss you denouncing your fearless leader today?
Thank you Senator Graham!
what does Graham say to his "Well done Mr. President" tweet from yesterday??
Congress needs to unite & impeach @realDonaldTrump  Why not lead the efforts?
Censure the president.
Propose a task force to impeach the white supremacist is in the WH
White guilt much?
WHAT ABOUT OTHER GROUPS WHO ASSASSINATE POLICE AND BURN DOWn TOWNS????
How about forming a task force to put together articles of impeachment? Trump is unfit.
Be the voice https://www.youtube.com/embed/w-F1AsY4Qig …
How about they form a task force on elected officials who break campaign promises!
So much for that, huh?
This is a good start. But you know you need to impeach him. He's a cancer on this country and your party.
Yet another task force should take care of it. How many FBI agents have already over the last several decades have infiltrated these groups
Task force = bury it. Impeach Trump.
#25thAmendment
When are you going to walk away from this craziness?
You should be investigating Trump. Oh yeah, he is being investigated!!!
What a flaccid, pathetic response. You need to call for #Impeachment.
These groups are domestic terrorists & ignored by Trump because they vote RED. Time for GOP to own these torch wielding maniacs!
Only immediate action to #ImpeachTrump will come anywhere close to saving your job @LindseyGrahamSC 
Goes 4 all pols:
@GOP & @DNC 
#Resist 
playing all sides and it's bullshit. Yesterday he was Mandela today this crap. Come out for his removal that's credible #resist @jaketapper
@LindseyGrahamSC All talk and no action. #IMPEACHMENTNOW
And ANTIFA! WHY SO SILENT ON THIS GROUP! GEESH!!
Senator, you know this is 
going to get violent. 
@POTUS needs to go. 
Impeachment
