Can you not do anything but deconstruct? Get busy and think what you can do for the citizens that show you care! NO REPEAL!!

Hey @LindseyGrahamSC How could you listen to my concerns for my child's life & then propose a #healthcarebill that could kill her? 
What's wrong with you?  What's the CBO score?  Block grants are just away to hurt Americans.  Really disappointed in you.
Gains steam for GOP not Americans. I see you have chosen to ignore Americans while furthering your own Agenda. You should be removed.
Elderly in nursing homes are on Medicaid After they have spent down all cash and assets. What will you do with them once they've reached CAP
So, how many Americans does this leave without insurance coverage - not that you care. You just keep pandering to trump.
really?  I think they all want to forget it. We know its not really good.
Why would anybody believe SC Sen knows how to fix healthcare?  Check stats for State rankings in everything.  Embarrassing!
Republicans are the true terrorists. Killing Americans while killing ACA. You suck Lindsey.
More uninsured, more in debt, more dying from cancer or other illness.
THIS is your vision for America?
HELL NO. TrumpCare 3.0 KILLS AMERICANS. It cuts ALL pre existing condition cover, restricts state funds & enables LIFETIME caps.

U TRULY DON'T CARE ABOUT PEOPLE BUT RATHER HOW REPUBS LOOK!!!! DISGUSTING!!!!!
Ok Grahma when will Congree accept this as their healthplan- never because it stinks
And her child to a slow painful death, Lindsey. You remember Natalie? You pretended to be so empathetic to her family's plight.
Just looking at a picture of you, smiling that fake politicians smile, with a friend of mine. You're sentencing her family to bankruptcy 1/2


Bernie Sanders has a great http://plan.Works  well in Australia,Israel,UK,Holland, Sweden,Norway,Switzerland..
Ha ha
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
@SenJohnMcCain this will throw millions off healthcare and those with pre-existing conditions, like you,will b devastated by this!
News Max? Really? You are a Senator, act like it.
You just want to kill everyone who's not rich right .@LindseyGrahamSC that's what your horrible healthcare plan will do!
You know at least 10 mil will lose health care--and you don't care?
, but nowhere else.
Oh @LindseyGrahamSC when you start re-tweeting @newsmax you are getting desperate...
Can anyone explain to me why you would not want your neighbour to be healthy? Pay a little more tax to make it happen seems a good idea no?
How do you live w/yourself? Your bill is VICIOUS. You looked this mom in the eye & you LIED.
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC How could you listen to my concerns for my child's life & then propose a #healthcarebill that could kill her? 
You voted for a bill you called a “fraud”. Now you have your own fraudulent bill you’re trying to peddle. You have health care on our dime!

You know what your/GOP problem is? You are totally out of touch w/Americans have no idea what they go through. Politics over constituents.
Let's get Republicans and Democrats to pass this bill.
Lol. Newsmax.
ahahahahaha, you're so stupid.
Remember that all US citizens deserve the same as you get Senator Graham.
It's the metagame that counts. This turn will be lost, but well played. #GCHJ #metagame
Who believes anything Newsmax says?
Too many will lose coverage and Medicaid assistance. Work on Medicare for All.


I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
Downstream it goes, over the cliff.

It's an awful policy and should never be considered! Why do you think we're going to fall for? Same ol Same ol garbage? No to#CassidyGraham
Please put people over party.
Your HC policy sucks
Paul says no!
Rand Paul is a No. So it's McCain. Fix Obamacare. Focus on that.
Wrong wrong wrong. Why don't you guys work to IMPROVE/FIX the ACA!!?!?!
but not with American people...whats wrong with you!
Why destroy Medicaid and take away health care from the most vulnerable citizens. You can fix Obamacare without killing Medicaid
As Aerosmith would say, dream on
Hope for your failure and a lot of heat from your constituency. Hope you don't get re-elected - term limits!!!
What doctor do you go to when you gain steam? Who pays for it? Work for the people you serve, please.
Since this is your plan, you should know the CBO score Senator. What is it?  Yeah, that's what I thought.  WORK ACROSS THE AISLE TO FIX ACA!
The news sources you use very telling
#Republicans give @LindseyGrahamSC  #GiveGraham51 to repeal #Obamacare. Provide USA the cost.
Keep pushing. Repeal us just the right thing to do.
Are you at this point pushing repeal just for the sake of repealing? Bec that's damn sure what it seems. Take what works and expand on that
And #SinglePayer gaining steam with @TheDemocrats big deal
How are you going to get around rand pauls remarks that he will not support the bill, that it is Obamacare lite?
The people's health care should be equal to what our elected leaders have.
I would like to thank you for co-opting a bill to protect the wild horses.
Does it matter to you that a majority of Americans want a fix not a repeal? Leaving up to states will create chaos & turmoil.
Is this your news source? Really? I thought you were an educated man. For shame, for shame...
Your HC plan sucks a big one! Your a POS for pushing this piece of shit policy.  KARMA KARMA karma bitch!
The #TrumpTrain could use some steam now as well. Time to get on board #GCHJ.
Better do something or the republicans will be in the unemployment line after next election
Please God I pray for that every single day
You're going to kill more people than Isis could ever dream of doing . Wtf is wrong with you
Yeah WTF Lindsey Graham?
Isn't Newsmax a Trump propaganda outlet? You're acting more like him everyday.
We'll see, won't we
You look like you need Obamacare in that pic dude.
Look out here comes the no vote express from McCain.
No repeal, We don't want your sorry excuse of a healthcare bill
Your constituents don't want this bill. Are you concerned about them, or concerned about winning?
No.  We don't want that.
Gains steam = Hot air coming from LG
Being reported by NewsMax, CarMax's news division. #fakenews
