...considered a threat to American security at home and abroad and should be met with a forceful response.
What about belligerence at home? The security threat to DACA kids? You know who DOEN'T want war? S Korea, Japan, Guam.
To consider NK test launch a threat will be to cross Trump's Red Line.  Next up the Lindsey Graham nuclear war!!
The president needs to act now and not wait until thousands of people die. There is enough threatening rhetoric to justify preemption.
These statements of yours are safe,and do not offer any ideas or solutions. Why aren't you guys calling that douche out on his shit?
you dont offer  any solution
DPRK leadership delivers same message, only reversed, to its people.  And it's equally true.  #NorthKoreacrisis
And don't forget to shut the barn door after the horse ran out...
Given trumps narcissism he should be considered a clear and present danger to AMERICA!!!
Like I said before that should been dealt with when he first came into power now he is out of control. This is a major problem!
@potus is also a threat to American security at home and abroad. And you enable this behavior
Blah blah blah. You and your colleagues OWN the country. Quit side stepping and finger pointing. OMG. You're actually going to have to work
Agreed. Nobody wants war. But i also do not want to see little kimmy laub a nuke towards America. Then its too late.
WHY DO YOU WANT A NUCLEAR WAR?  U need 2 get out more.
Just have the POTUS ask the American people to stop buying Chinese goods until China gets involved.  And Walmart will take care of Kim.
In all fairness America started it! Hey I know let's give Japan & SKorea more weapons! Way to seek peace dumbasses!!!
Lindsey, why don't you take a trip to South Korea and visit our troops?  Then tell Trump to attack the North while you're there?
We still must support DACA. Are you going to find your package and examine your conscience and do the right thing for America?
Yeah and then what? You all in on a nuke war? Your boss will do anything to get out from this Russia investigation. Are you willing to die?
Shoot another missile down..how do we know what he's putting on any missile..he stated his intentions,he set the table
So warhawk when are you planning on enlisting? There is a great training facility in your state. Semper fi
Why don't the u.s. stop military operations with South Korea and North Korea will stop it's missile test
I told you to get shit done the other day... today you began the process but much more needs done... Thank You Lindsey.
If you really care about this country, work to get the US madman out of the WH! You and the rest of the GOP are spineless!
Why do you want a war?
Nc is on a destructive course on its own from tyranny so much for communism.
U derstood but STOP FEARMONGERING
sick of you so called patriotic americans supporting the most corrupt president in american history !  #Treason #GOPCOLLABORATORS #sad
So does that mean we Start a shooting war? How about we find out what they really want? I'm sure they don't want to be a smoking crater
Yeah, start a nuclear war Your tweets about NK situation are as unhelpful and dangerous as your unhinged presidents' tweets.
Are you going to sign up to fight?
YOU GO FIGHT THE WAR YOU WANT.
Then declare war already.
.all puffed up have u learned nothing from ur lifetime in congress? NK can b handled by diplomacy @Potus fill positions
I think you are right. Don't we have the weapons to shoot that down?  Why not send that message. Kill their test missile.
What should we do then?
A lot of trash talk in responses to Graham but no sensible solutions from anyone here.  Just Demo junk as usual
Support DACA
Been in Senate all my lifetime, you helped create the mess with N. Korea, why so concerned now??
72% of Americans supported Iraq war in Mar 2003 and we "thought" they had WMD! There is no doubt with #DPRK!
I agree senator
Given that your Furor Drumpf has escalated this problem, you often have to wonder who the real problem is.
Ok,Wheres Lindsey Graham and what have you done to him?
Time to do something. They have been a threat.
We went to war with Iraq because of wmd & now #DPRK is waving hydrogen bombs in our face threatening to wipe us out! How can we not act!!
That buffoon should have been dealt with decades ago!
Lindsey, very true.. i can always count on you in Military issues.
now, dont go rogue on @realDonaldTrump  today on DACA
U ARE ON PROBATION
Yes get out the nukes. Go ahead and destroy the earth. Talking is out of question. GOP evil unleashed.
I agree.  But there has to be another way to stop this other than starting a war. We have too many troops and families in the area.
45 is the biggest threat to our national security. Do something!
So if US does nothing and we get hit with a nuke you same liberals will be blaming him bc he did nothing
Even bigger threat to nat'l security @ home & abroad: elected reps who refuse stand up for what's right. #dosomething #stoptalking #impeach
#LindseyLu never had an original idea of own=soros assignment to ram WAR down throats of American in name of security to enrich benefactors.
The threat is in the White House.
former Ceo Communist green energy Lonnie Cater was a greater threat to S.C.
NKorea's "belligerence" is in response to your POTUS' constant ridiculous threats/tweets. Get rid of Trump, NK will be a workable situation
Let's blow up the world! Get a grip
Man.  You really want war don't you ?
Shut up.  President Trump is handling it.
Mr Graham. This 5th world country is making a mockery out of @POTUS probably encouraged by Russia. NO WALL fix healthcare fix DACA Texas
Yet your GOP stands by and let's this idiot president destroy this country from within!  GOP should have fought for DACA!
Someone hack your account?
Shut up , your gone next election start packing cupcake
He's a traitorous bum , they know hell Nash potus every chance he gets , he might as well be Liz Warren for all I care
Haha yep , and a giant chicken
2nd time I agree with you: your on a roll
Putins taking care of it I've heard, since Trump can't.
If need be we could level the country
Do your damn job. Trump is nuts. America is in extreme danger.
You want a war? Because that's how you get war.
The next one can be the Real McCoy any time now.  We sure can't test the authenticity by letting it land anywhere?
If you hold that fucking wall as ransom against 800,000 lives, you need to be considered a traitor as much as Trump.
You should be ashamed!! Your president is a racist misogynist petty child. Jeff sessions & YOU are despicable
And do what Senator, start a no win war on the Koren peninsula? How about some REALISTIC ideas that would end the drum beat of war?
It's troubling; you are fully aware of the horrendous consequences such a war would have, yet still seem eager. Why is that?
Lindsey, you should try working out, running, or yoga to relax.  You seem to eager to get into another war.
Y'all good at tough talk. Kim keeps crossing your lines. What next?
Have there been North Korean missile tests that you don't consider a threat?
You want a war?
Convene a panel of psychologists to advise you on how to deal w/ a sociopathic, suicidal mass  murderer instead of trying to mirror insanity
And do what ? There is no scenario where soul doesn't get  annihilated! #resist @KeithOlbermann @POTUS
You should be focused on #DACA today
N Korea will not become less of a threat with a greater arsenal of more sophisticated nuclear weapons.
NOBODY is listening 2 u LINDSEY. YOU'VE MISSED YOUR CHANCE 2 BE A GREAT MAN & DO THE RIGHT THING B/C U CHOSE 2 KISS TRUMP'S NAZI A** #resist
Have you discussed your opinion with the leaders who represent the people of SK and Japan?  (Who have the most skin in the "game"
Why?
Really so what are you going to do?
Stay in your lane ,you aren't the president  do nothing politicians
You sniveling coward. Stop backing the belligerent POTUS and accept that his rhetoric has backed us into a corner.
You did hear China say a first strike (of war) against NK is a declaration of war against China, yes?  China's 'side' is attack-ed not -er.
FOUR MORE WARS
FOUR MORE WARS
FOUR MORE WARS
FOUR MORE WARS
FOUR MORE WARS
FOUR MORE WARS
FOUR MORE WARS
FOUR MORE WARS
FOUR MORE WARS
But WHAT should we DO about it? @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
...such as?  What do you think about DJT accusing our ally, SK, as NK appeasers?
What about Trumps belligerence. Now is the time to act like a statesman and not a 4-year-old.
Americans should be embarrassed!
It's too late!
When George W. Bush AND YOU let the first NK bomb go unanswered on October 9, 2006, YOU let Lil' Kim skip over the red line.
BullShit
Hey Lindsey, go pick up a gun and serve.
SO WHAT DO YOU SAY TO DO ABOUT IT? COME ON YOUR NOT AFRAID TO NOT PASS REPEAL N REPLACE..YOU GUYS THINK YOUR GONNA KEEP YOUR SEAT..HELL NO!!
-Lindsey.why are you encouraging war?  Whats wrong with you?  It's your kind of talk that's leads Trump to act impulsively
You @GOP know Trump has no ability to keep the peace with North Korea or with anything else. Please save us from his destructive ways.
No shit senator! He has crossed DT Red line 3 times! Where is the outrage. Thought you were one of the good guys, man was I wrong.  Pathetic
When is Graham up for reelection? 2020.
Your party is full of cowards. Help daca and get at least some dignity back
Has anyone thought, maybe NK wants to talk? It is a rather impoverished nation.
Given the increased ignorance and stupidity of u & trumpy, we are threat enough to ourselves.
Et tu brute? Graham: ?stocks in the military/arms complex too? Rather stand behind shadow of a boy pres.: suggest TOTAL Chinese boycott.
real storm u.s. due to wrong politics in the Middle East.
Why are you warmongering? Our president is at least as unstable as North Korea's. (YOU'RE safely out of their missile range-but many aren't)
Senator Graham! Read this article! It makes sense!
Must-read by @McFaul on N. Korea. As a student (sadly not at Stanford), it's a privilege to learn from you Professor http://bit.ly/2wR8aAu 
It's very interesting, psychologically speaking, how Conservatives always distance themselves from the consequences of their propositions.

North Korea wants war so it can invade, take and unite with South Korea as happened with Vietnam.
Is the threat more apparent than the mentally challenged guy in the WH that you refuse to oust?
This is friggin ridiculous now. The GOP owns this.
You're a fraud.
Want war do ya
So u r suggesting we start a war?  Wild guess, u have some interest in a war related product.  Nice.
{if string lenght>160
> kiírom fészbukra.}
szívesen.
War is not the solution to a problem Trump escalated
Your boy's pimp Putin says to stop causing "military hysteria"! #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance #MuellerTime

Yes, we may need to try to shoot the next one out of the sky --- hoping we don't miss.
Why so quick to want to see millions dead? Even Cuban Missile Crisis was solved at the 24th hour.
Dont beat the war drums if you have no solution!
Stand up to Trump, even at your own political peril. Get others to do so. Every decision he makes is divisive, dangerous, or plain stupid
Raytheon stock way up...the war industry is drooling.
How about you be the first in???...warmonger.
There's a lot of belligerence going around
Trump's increased belligerence & failure to study or understand issues is the problem. You've enabled him. #SendEricAndDonJr
What would you have us do, mr graham, start a war, w/China defending NK, topple the regime, b/c that worked so well in Iraq? Whats ur answer
What an incredibly insightful and useful comment... Thank you Lindsey for your toothless statement of the obvious.
#veteransagainsttrump
Sen. Graham: please quit proding Trump with red line policy that might enable him to react with military action.We need your reasoned voice.
do you plan on advising our idiot in chief to hone his imprecise language? is someone managing this idiot?
Oh. Great. You Neocon Hawks finally found a doofus President to start WW3 for you.
Someone needs a nappy change..a bottle of warm milk and a little nap.
GOP war party warming up? I would think you would very focused on right wing terrorism that is inside your party and killing Americans now.
Is that what the elite at Bilderberg told you to say when you attended their meetings in 2016 and 2017?  Globalist puppet
And what NK has done thus far hasent already been a threat?
Speaker Ryan (R-Wis.) stopped the conversation of McCarthy’s assertion about Russia paying Trump, and swore the Republicans to secrecy.
Here we go..Same old BS
Luke 19:10
for the #Son of Man has come to seek and to save that which was #lost.”
Psalm 55:22
#Cast your #burden on the #Lord, And He shall #sustain you; He shall never permit the #righteous to be moved.
