Mr. Graham, from what we, the people, have been ALLOWED to see, we're scared. How can this benefit South Carolinians? HOW?
Cuts to medicaid affect not only the poor but the disabled, the elderly, people in nursing homes. My mother, my PATIENTS.
For the love of God, LISTEN TO US. I have patients that will DIE without Medicaid. People in MY community here in the lowcountry are afraid.

That's assuming states will do the right thing and accept those expansions. SC did not and likely will not. And they get to choose...
... who deserves the care and who doesn't. People who scrape by but make too much to qualify would be left behind.
ok i gotcha.. u dont trust the states to do the right thing..
Consider this from a cost/benefit POV. We save money in the short term by cutting Medicaid benefits and subsidies for low income families...
Say no to this bill throws that puts millions off health insurance, eliminates Medicare & Medicaid for millions, costs taxpayers in the end.
Can you post the proof from the bill that was just released that backs up your statement please.
All of it. Every word.
Proof??????
All of it. Every word. https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/SENATEHEALTHCARE.pdf …
What page and paragraph backs up your claim?
All of it. Every word.
what page and what paragraph backs up your claim???
The American Medical Association opposes the Senate healthcare bill.
I feel we are wasting our tweets here.He knows he will be re-elected regardless of how he votes.What incentive does he have to vote no-none!
Any update here? Or too busy with photo ops? Transparency? Bueller? Bueller?
Yes, I know healthcare is not a "right." BUT, it is a responsibility of a humane, just and civilized society.  People over profits, always!
YOU DO THAT, BUT AT THE SAME TIME, STOP STANDING IN POTUS'S WAY FOR ANYTHING & EVERYTHING. BACK OUR POTUS, OR GET OUT
Just fix ACA! The repeal & replace bill is ridiculous and harmful to your constituents and other Americans that rely on ACA.
why are you lying? You have every intention of signing off on it.
So after carefully reviewing the healthcare bill, I can only assume you won't be supporting it since it won't help your constituents.
Have you ever seen a bleeding inured citizen refuse an ambulance because they know they can't afford the care?
The American Hospital Association opposes the Senate's healthcare bill, as do the majority of the American public; 56%.
How can you be this evil? You don't care about people 
BLOOD ON YOUR HANDS if you #vote for #Trumpcare This #HealthcareBill. Everyday Americans know it's a #wealthcarebill - it will cost #GOP
Please don't just vote on party lines, the Senate bill is not an improvement and will hurt too many.  Make something better for your people.
Ok Mr. Graham the people of SC will be counting on U. Think of the children, disabled people, those of us w/pre-existing conditions I have 9
I am asking you to vote NO.I read it and don't see any way for it to be good for seniors,disabled, low income families ,  or women.
They don't care about WOMEN, disabled, poor, or seniors! It's an economic nightmare for all, but the wealthy!
Vote against Trumpcare
Vote No
Country Over Party! Please Vote No!
22,000,000. How many poor South Carolinians in that mix, Mr. "weak til the bitter end"? Typical politician.
Time to step up and show some courage. Don't let Trump tarnish your reputation. Do what's right. Work with both parties to FIX Obamacare.
I have an ICD 2 keep my from stopping Cost 147k every 6yrs to replace If I lose coverage, No replacement, stops, I die #ProtectOurCare
Let me save you the trouble. It won't be.
And he'll still vote for it.
Of course he will. But best to look earnest and deliberative before you vote for legislation that will lead to people dying.
I think we are all getting the hang of this song and dance.
Lindsey is going to vote for it anyway & he still wont get voted out because of all the money in his war chest. Doesn't represent the people
I know. Hopefully we can get the senate back somehow and at the very least reduce his power.
I am begging you.  Do not tow the party line. My life is in the balance.   I have voted for you every time. Do not ket them kill me.

I'm still having trouble w/cuts to SSDI benefits. According to what it says on my statement I have paid in enough to get what I get.
Right..@realDonaldTrump blocked @votevets and this is new data on hc bill
That's a hypocritical thank you.
Please include the people of America in your thinking as you evaluate the plan.
Which people? The people who need it or the rich? Please vote NO.
How bout all americans, and the elderly always vote so bear that in mind when it comes to an insurance increase of 5 times what it is now.
VOTE. NO.
Looking at it now, Sen. Graham...please vote against.
appreciate that, right thing to do, but if not, PLEASE suggest appropriate changes.   We need something
It won't.  VOTE NO!
This should be the response from @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer and the others that had pre-written press releases ready before even reading it.
You know bill is killer for seniors & most vulnerable.  Hurts far more voters than it helps.  Fix the problem rather than creating another.
Explain why you wolud support this tax bill under guise of a health bill? Shameful tax cuts for the wealthy. Voters won't stand for it.
I hope you also listen to your constituents and the many healthcare groups who know it will not be.
Well, 13K vets in SC will lose Medicaid!I have breast cancer and will pay through the nose,if I can get it with @SenateGOP @HouseGOP plans!
If you vote for it you will be responsible for people who lose coverage and possibly their lives. This constituent cancer survivor included
Please let SC know how you stand on the health care bill and if you will support it.  We would like to know a factual answer.  vote NO
Many have already reviewed this bill and it is not in the least beneficial to your constituents or the American people #GrahamVoteNo
Please vote no on this version of the health care bill. It needs more work.
As health care it's not beneficial to anyone.
Senator you now that this bill will cut Medicaid. This will be devastating to thousands of South Carolinians. Please reconsider.
Vote No it's a shameful bill.
Called Your office & left a message. Vote NO new health bill. Other senators tweeting  # of calls For vs Against this bill. U should too.
@USMC @USArmy @usairforce @USNavy @VFWHQ @veteransunited 

You're a Conman Graham! 

#Pathetic
What about the rest of us? Why is my disability in danger?
Do the right thing. Vote no!
VOTE NO.
This bill is absolutely NOT beneficial to people of SC. So many will lose services and health care. Vote NO.
Do not repeal obamacare! You will loose you're seat I do declare. A move to repeal we cannot bare. Save ACA is the American way.
Please don't pass the bill. I know someone in your state that needs madicaid to live she has a feeding tube.
The SC Hospital Assoc said Friday your bill would "significantly disadvantage" SC. Clearly NOT beneficial. Stand up for us and vote no.
An amendment for the Senate healthcare bill. Federal employer essential benefits must not exceed that of the least comprehensive state.
What will this do to hospitals, physicians, nurses & medical companies. We are very hard working Americans & cutbacks here mean jobs loss!
You used to be the voice of reason for the GOP.
NOW, you appear to be a heartless sell out.
Senator, how could this possibly benefit SC & USA?!  Is this the Middle East or America?
No child asks to be born poor or disabled or female
Two of my girls have medical conditions that qualify as preexisting conditions. Vote no. AHCA is not the answer.
VOTE NO.. BEGGING YOU TO STOP THE ASSAULT ON MEDICAID...ONLY INSURANCE I CAN GET 58, PERMANENTLY DISABLED AND LOW INCOME..VOTE NO
My current premium is $1500 before subsidy.  Under this new bill my premium could be as high as $3000 to $4500 due 2 my age. Don't pass bill
Was told by my BCBS rep that repeal of ACA would not lower premiums. In this case what goes up does not come down. Don't pass this new bill.
I will save you some time. It won't be. Shoot it down.
It will not!
Liar!
How can you read it carefully when it is being rammed through the Senate.  Don't pay us lip service!
As a SC voter I hope you do not support it. Stand up for us and we will still have your back.
Please vote against this bill. As it is, it will harm your constituents. You care about that, right?
it's not beneficial to anyone in the usa, except rich, will you get that same crap healthcare or will you stay with obamacare?  #shameonyou
McConnell wouldn't be bringing HC to a vote if he didn't have the votes.He knows that he has yours. The poor will suffer. Stop the charades.
Benefit the people of South Carolina? Are there suddenly no poor, no disabled, no women here? #VOTENO
Shouldn't it be beneficial to all people?
We are your constituents. Please, listen to us. Don't throw us under the bus.
I have a daughter that has had affordable insurance because of the ACA. She won't be able to afford what the GOP is offering.
From what I have heard thus far, it will not be good for the people of South Carolina.
I pray that you will vote no.
IT WILL NOT!
Make sure it is the Healthcare part not the tax cut part for all the wealthy SC. BMW,GE,Wels Fargo.Boeing exc. you review.
I wish as a constituent I felt like it would make a difference asking you to vote against this but knowing republicans..it won't.
Looks like you might have to start with a shredding machine. Or if by "people" you mean "people who earn over $700,000 per year."
would you mind looking our for us in So Cal too? I will vote 4 u 4 president. Pls run!
How is 12 SC hospitals closing beneficial to the people of SC
Be honest all you care about is the top 1%_ that's what this bill is all about
The bill should beneficial for all  American people but I doubt it will since your bought and paid for u will screw ur own constituents
Ask yourself how nursing homes will survive? 60% of bills are paid by Medicaid.  50% of maternity fees paid by Medicaid. Huge cuts? Effect?
I depend on Medicaid. My boyfriend who has MS also does. Please don't sell us out for votes or $$$. #HealthcareBill
I'd like to be able to trust you but you have stop working for the people and fallen into the Trump trap. Show US the bill.
Like saying NO really means yes??
It's mean.  It's cruel.  And would only help your rich friends.  I am your constituent asking you to vote no.
Wrong again!
Spoiler alert: it isn't.
Please justify why tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans have any place in a healthcare bill for ALL Americans.
The only people it benefits are the rich. It actively harms everyone else. Vote no. #trumpcare #AHCAKills #ImpeachTrump #Medicaid #medicare
You know this bill is crap. Only helps with wealthy. Does nothing for the 99%. Time to get these old farts with outdated beliefs OUT of D.C.
Don't vote on the #GOPDeathcareBill  until the CBO score comes out. You need to know what you are doing to your constituents.
Why should we trust you?
1) it won't 2) you'll vote for it anyway
Frankly, my dears, he doesn't really give a damn.
He won't listen and he does not care. Gives occasional lip service but will vote to repeal. Vote him out!
NO. The only thing beneficial to our ppl in SC is to enact #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll and cover ALL South Carolinians. 
#FridayFeeling
"Pencil whip" Ever heard of that term? Best make sure you have or it will be your last term in office.
This bill is going to kill a lot of people! Better make sure you actually read it!
This is a tax cut bill,  not healthcare.  Lindsey and his 20 rich supporters want the tax cut. That's all its about.
Christian's help people they don't live people suffering. So was the Christian conservative claim just a title to tap into those votes?
Why would cut taxes for the highest income brackets? And make cuts to the poor? Isn't the GOP claiming to be conservative Christians? Well
What benefits do you see for the people?  How can ER services, mental health and RX cancellations be described as good health care?
You're a disappointment...
Then vote no- stand up for SC- put country over party-
I urge you to vote against the bill.
Translation: You will not read it and you will vote YES to be in line with Trump's wishes and TurtleMan McConnell.
If you vote for this abomination, you do so against the wishes and best interest of your constituents. Please don't.
So, you are going to lick your finger, and hold it in the air to check the breeze direction when you step outside this morning. Got it.
You're a phony and a fraud. You don't stand up for the country. For you, it is party over country.
oh you will vote for it cause that's what the orange american wants
AARP IS AGAINST THIS BILL.
Think about how it will affect the people who will or will not re elect you.
Thank you for reading the bill. Please make a bipartisan decision. I have a disabled son that depends on medicaid.
More beneficial than refusing Federal ACA dollars?  This is why I left SC.
People over party at least this one time please.  This is literally life and death.  I am begging you to have a conscience. This is wrong
Sir, you know rushing this bill in unAmerican.  Our reps (you) deserve time to think, study, debate THEN vote  the interest of SC citizens.
Fix healthcare. Don't destroy it. You have stood up for us before. SC needs you to represent ALL of us. STAND UP FOR US SIR!
You must stand up for us, your constituents, sir.
elderly friends here in Newberry SC  will be devastated by cuts in medicaid. Keep the President's promise don't do this to our state
It appears to be horrible legislation with hundreds of thousands losing health care. Truly your only option as a statesman is to vote no.
24 mill losing coverage, billions in tac cuts for the wealthy? How do U sleep at night?
It's not beneficial to anyone but rich people! Republicans will pay in 2018!!!
@LoveuLynn repeal and don't replace. Enforce competition laws and let the states figure it out
Why don't u go in a pool and see how long u can hold you're breath under water. Hopefully u will pass out and drown. Take McCain with you.
Please explain to me....if the massive cuts to Medicaid are passed do the poor no longer get sick or injured...are the disabled healed
Do the elderly no longer require care? Taking away the money does not mean the need no longer exists. I just do not understand .
I try to live on $888 per mo. If not for medicaid I wld not be able to get chemo/radiation. Plz vote no to healthcare bill so that I live
Mr.Graham, I just got a diagnosis of cancer, my 1st chemo is this Tues. After that I will have to have radiation. I am 69 yr old sngl female
Which people? I am healthy, in early 60s. No employer insurance. Will I have to pay up to 5 times more now? And for exactly what coverage?
a vote for the health care bill means that you agree that the poor have too much and the rich have too little -
step up and vote against the health care bill - a vote is a vote for your party and against your constituents
Income caps added to 5:1 ratio makes it much more expensive if over 50.
How does this help me, a 55-yr old small business owner in 29466?
Looks like your bill increases deductibles, cuts coverage, cuts Medicaid, and cuts taxes to wealthy. Pls explain how this would benefit us.
Your all talk, you will throw elderly & low income under the bus..disgusting!!
SC voters.....are you watching?
We don't believe a word you say Senator Graham. You and your Republican colleagues care only for the 1%. The rest of us be damned.
okay.... so, you must not be supporting it, then. #Mean
Plz do NOT vote for it
@MikeCrapo what about you Mike?
Perhaps a democrat could better represent SC. ??  You are always on the margin. Go ahead -- vote against the bill.  Walmart's hiring!
Trumpcare = Wealthcare, in other words, take advantage of the working class and reward the wealthy!
You mean the rich ones, right?
Hahahahaha!
My bet, you will vote for the health care bill which we all know is the wealth care bill to screw the masses for a tax break for the 1%.
Please do that.  How about talking to families including some on Medicaid, some poor but not Medicaid eligible, some elderly & do the math
You and I both know that SC will not properly fund high risk pools. We don't even fund roads. Please vote no. Am small business owner. 29466
I am in Mt. Pleasant. Any provision that lets states opt out of protecting people with pre-existing conditions would not be beneficial.
Or you could grow a pair and do what's right and vote against it.
Review it well and we will remember your vote Senator. The poor are already struggling in SC and can not afford to lose anything else!
All the people, including women and the disadvantaged?
All of the people of SC or just the already wealthy? You have a chance to be on the right side of history. Choose wisely #CountryOverParty
Bla bla bla... S.C. needs new GOP leadership.
Beneficial? As in it will line a few pockets? Or that many can keep living? Morally acceptable? Or politically? Responsible to who will u b?
For this bill stand up and be a true leader for the poorest among us
Senator Graham let's be real here SC has some of the poorest people in the US this bill will hurt each and everyone of them you can't vote
it will only benefit the rich, not those who need these programs. Please stand up for the less fortunate, please
Please make sure you fully document all the benefits to SC after you vote "yea".   All talk, no backbone, and no consideration for SC.
Please review page 5 of your bill, which reduces coverage from the ACA's 70% to just 58%, and explain how this benefits the people.
You KNOW it won't be.  We want better healthcare.  Don't make it worse and reward the rich.  They'll still be rich!  People will die.
It would not be beneficial to the people of SC.
Do you think you were given adequate time to do this before a vote is called?
Please tell us exactly how it would be beneficial to all the people of SC & the US, not just the rich.
Spoiler alert, it won't be beneficial. Will you commit to reading it, before voting?
I think we already know the answer is no. So will you stand up for your constituents? Poor, elderly, female, sick--they need you to stand up
you left out a word-the RICH people of South Carolina.  Jack wipe.
No you won't!!!
Good luck with that, and the wall.
Liar
It's a horrible bill that will be catastrophic to the poor. I am sure Republicans have poor people in their districts too.
Spoiler alert! It won't.
