@RNC has an opportunity to do incredible good for #USA and @LindseyGrahamSC is determined to road block the success of @POTUS #VoteHimOut
@LindseyGrahamSC is defending us and our Constitution from a evil would-be dictator seeking to turn our nation over to Russia
I suppose you're out there beating people for exercise free speech & then calling @potus fachist #hypocrisy
won't watch Fauxnews.
I wish ppl would stop saying Russia hacked election! Hacking campaign emails is not the election!
It's misleading and deceptive! Plus "Russia" also attempted to hack RNC. DNC was sloppy!
In age of cyber-warfare all orgs need to take responsibility for protecting their systems!
We need to quit blaming Russia - all countries hack including our own!
Respect ur views & perspective on what's going on. But won't listen to alt rgt Fox/Brietbart
I'ld love to hear from senator that he acept president Trump as the president, I don't know why this man is a republican
All comments on this tweet are people who are caught up in the intentional divide, that's created by the Mainstream media. Misinformed fools
Thank you for seeking the truth and holding our #lying #POTUS accountable!
.@LindseyGrahamSC @marthamaccallum @FoxNews keep pressure on over the Russia investigation!!
the 1950's called, they want their spies back.
I don't watch Fake News, you be wise to stay away. History is being written. What side u on?
this what you do while we wait for aca fix?
Busy productive day working for SC constituents. Thanks Senator Graham.
FOX SPEWS
You had a nonstop day, tv, radio, two hour hearing and voting. Thank you. Please rest.
You are really up on urself, Wont b come next election Grammy
/Subpoena trump!Forget the investigation!He has the info on wire tap!He can testify or admit lie!
will never watch fake fox news. They're all fake and phoney especially Hannity. Bully bull
I can't respect you any more.  USA looks like the biggest freak show.  Embarrassing as hell.
thanks for all the hard work!
why do you always sound like you're 2 sips away from finishing a handle of Beam or Jack?
bahhhh. Lmao.
fox?  No
thank you for your hard work on behalf of our republic. I'm a dem but appreciate your tenacity.
@realDonaldTrump  

http://www.breitbart.com/video/2017/03/14/judge-napolitano-three-intel-sources-say-obama-looked-to-brit-agency-to-spy-on-trump/ …
I agree w @Judgenap  that Obama used British Intel to spy on @realDonaldTrump  so no record and that Spy retired 3 days after Inauguration!
Why don't you talk to Judge Napolitano or Col Tony Shaffer? They know.
.@Judgenap: Three intel sources have disclosed that Pres. Obama turned to British spies to get surveillance on Trump 
The key is Obama getting a FISA.  We know Lynch went for one in June; Denied.  She got one approved in October.  Did you know that? FACT
..given any assist for surveil into US on anyone, which avoids trail.
.. FISA order by other means, by its guidelines. Also, find out if Intel from UK/Australia had..
When you talk to FBI, watch words you ask for avoidance. Also, remember the POTUS can avoid a...
If U R looking for LEGAL warrant to tap DJT it won't be found! Osama did it ILLEGALY like all his underhand tactics! Cover his bum on all!!
nobody wants to watch ,nobody wants to hear what you have to say. Just shut the hell up.
There is NO PROOF the Russians gave ANYTHING to Wikileaks! They deny anything came from Russia!
Why do think everything obama did was done legally? Getting tired of your anti Trump attitude!
IS @Judgenap THOUGHT ON BRITS POSIBLE
HARD AT WORK SMEARING POTUS   THIS IS WHY NO ONE VOTED FOR YOU!
"let me try to make the only important question one I came up with. Nothing else matters" TOOL!!
Graham is stealing money from American citizens a do nothing closet democrat
too many trips to London. That's why he is rarely in South Carolina
Stop telling the lie that Russia hacked John Podesta's email.  He clicked a phishing link. Thx.
sent by Russian hackers. Why is that so hard to believe?
Why phish just him?  Someone from inside Dem. Party got his email. Says WL (Seth)??
martha asked about obama holdovers & you pivoted to Russia. What the heck was that? 
cucklindsey total fagGOY. he hasn't been concerned about us being surveiled.
I am a @SenSanders supporter. I voted for Hilary. I am starting to respect and admire @LindseyGrahamSC.
you should, he is one of you all
you know exactly how the Obama Administration got around this but you're not admitting it
Bout time 2 switch to DEMS. UR support is primarily from left - obvious which side U support.
Why?  All he does is lie to us!
Appreciated hearing you propose a bipartisan approach to health care reform today 
saying and doing are 2 diff. Things
I can do one more if you can.
but why r u all over the tv
Oh my, we're full of ourselves today, now aren't we? Copious tweets about thine own self
Respect what you try to do on some level, you do know FOX has one agenda,& it is called FAUX NEWS
I always enjoy watching you because you know your stuff and don't always tow the party line. TY.
Graham only tows the McCain line.
Watched you on Greta's show. I never watch Faux News....
Keep up the great work
