Less press, more action. Just sayin'
Block grants are a terrible idea! States will misuse the money with plausible deniability.  #Medicare4All #RepealandReplaceRepublicans
The definition of crazy is...
HTF u continue to get elected is beyond reasoning...
SNAP  elections.  Can't fix broken congress  w/ broken congress. 7 years+ on it.  SOLVE it or find a job good at
REFRAIN saying it's a problem just because it's got OBAMAS name on it.
Ugh, rich white men taking healthcare away from poor people so that rich white men get more money.
So disappointed that you're behind this effort. Same ole' same ole'. Better to put your weight behind Problem Solvers bipartisan solution
Give it up.  Your solution is no better than the skinny bill.  Stop sucking up to trump and be a leader.
We do not want to be forced on any more of the healthcare you people exempt yourself from! We want the health insurance you have!
Why does Jared Kushner still have security clearance even though he LIED on his forms?????? GOP support for trump is failing the USA. 

I think your right.
Want lower premiums on the exchanges? Promote them and get more healthy people on them.
You have no. idea. what it's like to be a normal person in this country. These are gussied-up lies.
Will this allow purchase across state lines?? We need premium reduction through competition!
#MedicareForAll is they way to go!
#TrumpRussia
It is a strange American trait to ignore proven approaches until trying  every 
dogma driven failure we can! Single payer works.
Thank you Mr. Graham, Americans need a good health care system
Old white men talking about health care!!! I wonder what will happen next! #prolife #unlessitcostsusmoney
Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Johnson sound like very rare Health issue rather then plan
Any block granting of ACA will leave NC and other southern states too ready to drop the ball on health care for our most vulnerable.
You KNOW this will cause suffering. Defunding without fixing or replacing buys you a one way tix to Hell
Give it up and fix Obamacare.
Not acceptable
This is the last best shot
Support the @SenSanders Bill!  Universal Healthcare is a right not a priviledge for the wealthy few!  USA only nation without it!
Taxpayer Americans want a clean repeal of Obamacare-nothing less or you & other rinos will be voted out
You're an embarrassment.
No! No! Ending Medicaid Expansion is a mistake! This will end healthcare for the working poor who work several part time jobs at hrly wage
SC has worst roads, lowest rated schools and you expect us to believe you will take care of our healthcare, Not a chance. NO LINDSEY HELL NO
What is wrong with you?Still trying to take away Health insurance from millions of Americans?We reject your cruel ignorance!
If this fails Dems will get single payer passed.
Seriously??????
#repealobamacare Give us back our healthcare decisions! Hands off my healthcare!! Congress has no place in my healthcare decisions!!
Dude, that's exciting! You guys should intro universal healthcare and then Americans can stop going bankrupt from med bills. You da man!
Graham, it's DOA. Nancy runs the show now.
This is why people don't like you. Stupid bills like this do not echo the vast majority of the people you represent.
#ACA needs improving, not gutting. I know y'all are hell bent, but this is not what maj of Americans want
@BillCassidy YOU should know better. Shame.
No thanks! You sold your soul to the devil. Your insurance policy will be for your gain!
People voted last November for repeal and replace, get it done!
Mud, why is your name first? Oh yeah, attention hog.
@SenThomTillis @SenatorBurr a vote for this is a vote to make my 7 month old with a heart defect uninsurable for life.
Please follow the wishes of NC and vote against any effort to hurt our sick children
Medicare FOR ALL.
Nothing else will be fair across the board.
Can't trust a trumpet.
Fact.
Hey Lindsey, Take the time to do it right. Harvey and Irma victims. 80% of country. You hate America.
Bipartisan only!
Last chance to stick it to Obama?  Move on to something productive, please.
Just have to keep your name on there don't you? We don't like you.
Can we please let ACA repeal die and focus on important things, like the victims of Harvey & Irma?
I'll watch but that name is WAAAAAY too long.
At least Graham is trying. I'm one of your biggest critics and support this effort. #MAGA
Healthcare or healthcare insurance? Fix healthcare first....costs are out of control.
When are you holding hearings?  What is the CBO score?
CBO score? Why?
It better be 15-20%
No, no, no. We need #UniversalHealthCare. Work on that. It's what people want.
Thought you were moving on to Tax Reform. No wonder nothing gets done under GOP leadership. Y'all keep going back to HC
Hope you are going to say you are going to kill it.  Terrible bill that will cause great harm to millions of Americans
We're not buying it & neither will Americans. Where the CBO score? It's still a proposal that hurts US not helps US. No tax cuts for 1%!
How will you bill help diabetics who can't even afford insulin? Damn it, people should not go bankrupt paying foredeck medication
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO HANDS OFF #Healthcare #WethePeople have spoken and we say #EnoughIsEnough #SaveACA #MedicareForAll only acceptable bill
How about working on legislation related to cyber crime? That is a subject everybody can get behind.
No.
We need healthcare for all, I'm willing to pay for those who need it. Seniors and handicap person can't work.
I do not believe we should have anything to do with Obamacare.  This ins was a disaster and a lie to the the Am ppl and sb completely gone
why?
gut medicaid?
block grants?

you lost your credibility when you said tRump acted at times like pres raygun
don't you have any pride?
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
You need to do the job that we are paying you to do!!!  Support our @POTUS or get out! You have showed your traitorous side. We won't forget
All the best today, and with moving the plan forward.
No thanks. Let's fix O-Care.
RESIGN
Oh, how exciting!
If it includes single payer,dont want it!
Do not do this. Universal healthcare or improve ACA. #NORepeal
Please  don't do this.. so much fear for so many chronically ill Americans. We depend on the ACA.

As long as it isn't that single payer B $#&@&*t
The Arabs in Iraq intend to attack the Kurds in Iraq with Iranian militias against the Peshmerga Ally .
Graham, Cassidy, Heller and Johnson not as good as Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young.
Love it!
Stop making fools of yourselves and fix OC on a bipartisan way!
