WHAT MORE IS THERE TO TESTIFY ABOUT?!!! THEY DIDN'T FIND OUT ENOUGH WITH THEIR 37,000 BILLION OTHER WITCH HUNTS TO NOWHERE?!!! 
leave our insurance alone in light of all these disasters you would even think of pulling this s___!
Bout time!!

Let it go..let it go..you people look weak with no ideas or policies for the people..when you can't think of anything it's back to e-mails
More interested in DonJrs emails!  I smell stale borscht laced with Trump Vodka! #TraitorTrump #LockDonJrUp & his Daddy too!

Graham smells his own stink...as well as Comey's
The horse is dead already! With all the other crap, THIS is his focus?
More than one rat in the hussein administration!
Did you forget that Comey timed his news to have devastating impact on Clinton campaign ?
Did you smell yourself?
So, Comey let Hillary off easy, only to sabotage her 11 days before the election by violating protocols and disclosing Wiener emails?
American ppl call on the corrupt establishment to testify.
Serously? Rats! The senators suggested the evidence may provide support for President Trump's decision to fire Comey earlier this year.
Did you perhaps forget the whole Russia thing? Again
@LindseyGrahamSC    The country knows you're ALL rats!!! 
With all that we as a nation have to face, he still is focused on Clinton. Smells a rat? Guess what, the rest of us smell BS from DT
That rat Graham smells is sitting in his chair.

assumptions of innocence until evidence proves otherwise is exactly what a good investigator would follow. That smell is Grahams upper lip
Thats just dumb. Move on there is a lot to do
Please leave the Clintons alone and concentrate on the goober in the white house
Yeah ! It's his own body oder he smells.
Look in the mirror and you will find it
Lindsey is the biggest stinking RAT of them all..
Is true Mueller gave Comey immunity
MR. GRAHAM I AM A SUPPORTER OF YOUR AGENDA AND WHY ARE WE NOT CALLING FOR A INDEPENDENT COUN. ON CLINTON EMAIL SCANDAL AND COMEY LYING
Let's beat that dead horse at least one more time...tax payers are tired of this nonsense.
Graham is full of it. Still on Clinton emails but does nothing on Trump Russia alliance. GOP just makes me sick, a bunch of hypocrites.
Lindsay  that's  yourself you smell
The only rat is you @LindseyGrahamSC to distract how you allow Trump to fleece 
That smell is McConnell's breath...the human rat!
Has he lost his mind? He talked about how nuts Trump was/is all last year. Now, he's so inconsistent. Must have Trumpsters in his district.


Really? What's it like? Can you describe the smell a bit more, and do you often 'smell rats' to see how they smell?
HEY SENATOR, that smell is brylcreem on a racist blonde
You may be closer to the rat than you think
Hold Comey and ALL of the other swamp creatures accountable! He didn't do what he did ALONE! Many must have been involved. Lots of rats!
So what does POTUS smell like?!?! A big pile of ...I'm assuming #fireGOP
then take a shower.
Thankful Rep. Dana Rohrabacher met with Julian Assange who is willing to testify before Senate Intelligence/Judiciary Committees...
Why are we still going down this rabbit hole?
Maybe the rat is Gowdy.
Maybe? How much money did his investigation cost to come up with absolutely nothing. Graham should look at the results of that investigation
Graham that's your BO you're smelling. Take a bath
Don't forget McCabe--Comey's chosen Deputy(as of Feb..'16) in charge of "Oversight and Investigations" and HRC "interrogation"...
GRAHAM
I still smell magnolias, moonlight and smelling salts. Could it be Ms. Linds has the vapors AGAIN?
That rat was there long before you "smelled" it.
I smell a wuss, and his name is Lindsey Graham Cracker tart
Comey-Rosenstein-Mueller = Biggest COLLUSION of ALL
@LindseyGrahamSC Senator, POTUS45 told the country and the Russian officials why he fired Comey. Why are you still searching for a reason?
Coincidentally @LindseyGrahamSC sees a rat every time he looks in the mirror.
if it smells like a rat, talks like a rat and walks like a rat, it's a rat.
Just come out the closet already.
Here we go again. Standard Republican Misdirection Politics. I knew @LindseyGrahamSC would have to revert sooner or later.
His sense of smell is about 9 months too late (1) and (2) he's surrounded by rats not to mention the big fat one in the WH!
Because there is nothing more important to do right now.
Anyone got a picture of that big Donald Trump rat blow up doll?
@LindseyGrahamSC are there any patriots in DC? This investigation is about collusion/TREASON, and you want to bury it.smokescreen
@LindseyGrahamSC u r a joke. Who cares? Both are non govt employees now. Focus on some new $hit please...
Democrats can't stand honesty.
Russia Russia Russia!!!!!!!!!
Sen. HRC is not relevant. POTUS is our priority. SOS. Forget HRC save U.S.
Ignores Russian interference bec. he still can't get off Clinton emails  Next he'll B yelling Benghazi while working 2 hide Trump's tax rtns
The only rat is you!!!!!
oh those good ole boys stick together like crack heads don't they?
and it's YOU, Graham Lol
The rat has been stinking since the meeting on the tarmac
What is his deal?!!!
Rats - I wonder who the alpha rat is?
You don't know what you smell.  Comey did testify in an open hearing unlike Jared and Jr. U swing like a pendulum ur followers have whiplash
Awww Law not the HRC emails again fellas!! You spent millions on it already ad came up empty. Let it go!
...and this is my rat-smelling face.  @LindseyGrahamSC
Is Graham taking part in obstruction of justice?
I trust Graham as much as i trust Schumer.. our country is FULL of treacherous, lying, immoral politicians. Graham is just another SWAMPY!
Comey didn't really have to investigate that much. How many Times did Congress, including Graham, investigate and find nothing before Comey?
ROFL.
The old ratappears to be you sir...how can to back the delusional pathological delusional holding the office of president?
really? only just now? Clearly Comey was the single most reason Clinton lost. Not an endorsement of Clinton - just fact. No 1 person should
GOP setting a BAD EXAMPLE for our children. Teaching them to not work with others. Ruining our American ways. VOTE THEM OUT.
Republicans the DO NOTHING party. It is wrong to not work with the Dems. You act like a RACIST. America does better when all work together.
That odor would be coming from The White House Mr Graham.
@LindseyGrahamSC why are you still beating up on that lady.  You have a President in bed with the Russians and worried about that
That's Lindsey's own underarms he's smelling. He flip flops on everything these days. A sad excuse for a representative of the people.
Distractions
Must be smelling yourself Lindsey Rat Graham.  We already went through this.
it's over, Lindsay...get to work on what matters
That's why the house republicans and senate republicans can't pass nothing to busy worrying about Hillary and Obama

They say a picture is worth a thousand words... #MAGA #Trump 
You really don't understand your job/responsibilities Lindsey if you r trying to provide cover for Trump #Complicit
Holy crap what next more Benghazi. ?  How about actually doing something?

Wow --  GREAT find and @jaketapper connection. Don't look for @CNN to cover #UkraineDNC, it seems... https://twitter.com/hiscity/status/905947760507138049 …
Only RAT here is Lindsey Graham, Chuck Grassley Trey Gowdy & Devin Nunes.  Despicable traitors - you only care about Party- not Country.
How about Russia buying an election? Just gonna sit on that one?

You can't make this up: Trump 'election integrity' commission allegedly uses personal email for government business https://thinkprogress.org/voting-commission-email-35369440378e/ …
How do you get your girlfriend to notice you?  Flirt with your ex.  Looks like Donald Trump's deal with Pelosi & Schumer worked.
And his name is Graham.
And you don't smell anything when it comes to Kushner, Manafort or DT Jr?  Sounds more like changing the narrative, not pursuit of justice.
ha ha ha ha that is right Lindsey girl is a communist. why is Comey testifying, he is out, appoint a special persecuted and put her in jail
Will you guys chill with the reposts what the fuck
"I can't recall." "I have no recollection." Comey as Sessions. "I don't remember."  "Honorable" @SenateGOP
#OBSTRUCTION
How about attending to immediate needs: FEMA, health care, North Korea, debt. When those are resolved, look at Hillary's emails. Priorities?
REALLY? If you're really all that concerned about stinking rodents... haul Sessions back in there first...
That ship has sailed idiot. Clinton is over move on fool
@LindseyGrahamSC worry about the one that's actually in the oval office and destroying our country!
Really how about @DonaldJTrumpJr emails .
You're the rat Lindsey! No on hurricane relief?!? What happened to clean bills??
Lady Antebellum needs to keep his eyes on" the great white hope",  Traitor @realDonaldTrump
Yep. You!!  Get off your knees Lindsay, trumps not worth it!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @TheJusticeDept @FBI @TGowdySC @DevinNunes 

 The FBI still CoveringUp!  
Oh Lindsay....you are an attorney....you know better than this
Have a sense of urgency! You've got the rest of your career to investigate that. We are in the middle of a crisis and this is your focus?
What? What do they have on you, @LindseyGrahamSC, why are you ok with not defending America? Why are you ok with a traitor? Why, sir?
The truth? You aren't distracting anyone, Cupcake. Trump made us fool proof. Sorry ......
Still on the emails Senator? Haven't we spent enough money on this? Move onto Trump & Russia, his finances & Junior lying
I guess the rat had to be dead for 6 months before he could smell it.
Were you assigned #deflectiondistraction duty by @realDonaldTrump this week or he'll publish your cellphone number again? SAY NO !!!!

@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @TheJusticeDept @FBI @TGowdySC @DevinNunes 

#LockThemUp

Obama, Lynch, Comey, Hillary = BIGGEST SCANDAL IN HISTORY!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @TheJusticeDept @FBI @TGowdySC @DevinNunes 

Unacceptable that Obama, Lynch, Comey, Hillary not INDICTED!!
Ahahahahahaha!
Go get him!  We like you getting mad and fighting for justice.  Keep it up. Hey, @GOP you need to do the same.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @TheJusticeDept @FBI @TGowdySC @DevinNunes 

COMEY is GUILT of many things! He's covering for Obama, Lynch, Hillary
Your "No" vote today illustrated how divided is the Rep. party. Too many factions to get anything critical done. Senate pass today good idea
You retweeted 3 of these. I didn't know you were like trump, a "populist" politician, instead of a State Senator answerable to Americans.
Yes., between your legs Graham

Go and get a life maybe a wife to keep you busy You just want to be seen trump called it
Lindsey smells an opportunity to whip trump's base into a Hillary frenzy to take the focus off of the rat in office!
Sad.
Dear God, PAY ATTENTION TO THIS TRAIN WRECK OF AN ADMIN WE HAVE NOW! IF FOUND GUILTY OF CORRUPTION, U BETTER FOLLOW THRU WITH IMPEACHMENT!!!
U R HIGHLY COMPLICIT IF U DON'T MAKE SURE THIS TRUMP INVESTIGATION IS FINALIZED! WE R SICK OF THE GAMES U R ALL PLAYING! U R NOT PATRIOTS!!!
Call this guy in and ask why 40-50% daca applications are bs .
Graham is irrelevant anymore.  He smells the Republican establishment and it no longer smells good so I think he is smelling himself.
@LindseyGrahamSC smells a rat? What is it now? Faked moon landing? How about spending our $ on something legit, like saving our planet?
Comey: if it was anybody else she would be in prosecuted. Yah I smell many rats.
Ing Holt's interview with the president as to his reasons? Perhaps there's more Benghazi material to go thru.
Go ahead. Investigate. How about also investigating his mistaken announcement of new emails 11 days prior to the election. How about watch 1
Seriously @LindseyGrahamSC u r playing this? All evidence led to a nothing burger so he started drafting his findings fk off sucking DJTs ..
Equifax credit bureau was hacked and stole millions of Social Security numbers. Again our Govt does nothing to protect us.
Lindsey, you smell what you have produced! Buck up and take a big whiff.
How did DJT get classified info of Clinton's emails 2 begin with.I see a singing Trump canary Nunes at it again
Bill Clinton pardoned his friend, Marc Rich.  Spurred invstgn by Mary White.  White was replaced by Comey, who found no illegality?  Again
The rat is you & your party, senator.Shame on you for wasting taxpayers' money on crap while you should focus on the wellbeing of our Union.
Yep! @steveKingIA too!
This is a movement against democracy, against decent, hardworking POC, Muslims, LGBTQ, women & most white folks who stand against tyranny.
I have smelled a few rats. Graham, Nunes, Gowdy, Grassley and it goes on and on. They are all trying to cover up #TrumpRussia
it's despicable. And they "love" America...they love their flipping power and the money they pocket.
Yes they do! Gowdy is trying to set up Sessions so he has to resign and then 45 has promised Gowdy his job. Their time is coming though!
they think they're so slick. Playing games while people are suffering and our protections decimated.
I smell a YUUUUUGE rat--in the WH!!! Comey is the good guy; quit trying to ruin him instead of the treasonist in the WH.
@LindseyGrahamSC I smell bunch of rats and they're called @GOP
I told you so.
If the Dems wanted him they would have him! They always get their way! Step up the fight @GOP
You have that huge Rat Trump
THAT would be YOU
Uh oh....mueller must be closing in on something....maybe something pointing in your direction?
I'm from SC and Lindsey Graham needs to focus on POTUS and family not Hillary. He is trying to distract from the investigation!
We don't care about the crummy Clinton emails what we are concerned about is Russia attacking our democracy grow up, senator
Maybe it's you you're smelling, GrahamKraKKer.
He already did that.  GOP grasping at straws to try to take the interest off Russian investigation.  Not gonna happen.  We are listening
Go sit down, Lindsey.
Its amazing how you small a rat when it comes to Clinton but Trump can do no wrong. "Silly Cat".
That smell of a "RAT" is coming from your own office lindsey. Complicit, treasonous, spineless. #countrybeforeparty
what an ass.  the whole forest is in flames and he is only concerned about one tree.
This is ridiculous. Hilary is not holding any office currently. It can wait until the Trump situation is resolve.
That’s just residual from your last meeting with GOP leaders.
Wow!
Let's be clear - the South Carolina government is not capable of handling our healthcare .
You must be looking in the mirror.
he must be sniffing his arm pits then, eh?
Lindsey I am losing faith in you! Make sure you do the right thing when it come to the President also!!
And your idea of giving states lump sum of $ for them to provide healthcare with is insane - Do u know whats going on in our capital of SC?
Really!? How much of the taxpayers money are you going to waste on this? Is this going to be the next Bengazi - 7 or 8 hearings? Gees!
I smell rats, too. They're called the @GOP. 
Lindsey is just smelling Trump's ass from kissing it
Lindsey, ... focus on one crook at a time
Still more worried about HRC using a private server than Russia subverting our democracy? Why don't you try putting country before party!
Ugh... it never ends with these people huh?
Just stop Senator Graham!! Honestly, I don't care if he did do something wrong, it will never make Trump right!
In other words, Graham wants his own version of the Healthcare bill to pass.
