National enquirer of TV.  Guess you don't set your sites to high do you !
Really?  Tune in? For what?  More #alternativefacts?  @realDonaldTrump you and the entire TOO are #BatShitCrazy. SMH
I refuse to tune in to Fox. Would love to hear your thoughts on an independent channel like NPR.
Fox is spinning it today, raising doubt everywhere.
I'm sure. Handing out false information and willingly keeping facts out.
You people on the left crack me up. Just a week ago you were agreeing with HRC that comey cost her the election. Now he cant be fired really
The facts never matter to the libs
When you say, "This is not Watergate," I hope you mean that you recognize that this is worse...proto-fascism, #MussoliniLite
Firing a guy who clearly was out of control in his job is worse then Watergate lady you need to get real
which he recused himself...It took longer for Trump to fire Flynn than it took the new Deputy AG (on the job for just 14 days) to fire Comey
I dont know what the story was with Flynn even to this day all I have heard is he mislead the VP. So that is an unfair comparison.
If that is all you heard, then you need to tune in to CSPAN...And, if that were all that he did, why would he seek immunitt?
Fox is the Trump state propaganda channel. No thank you
Does it bother you that next day after power play manner trump fires Comey trump meets with two Russian diplomats!! Come on
Taking your water carrying to it's rightful home, the land of republican propaganda. Maybe they will like you now?
He trumpeted the party line, but I doubt they will.
SOS then
Tune out is what is our routine
Isn't it strange they go to Fox News. Because they are the only fools who will believe them.
You are a huge disappointment, country over party Senator. Do the job you were elected to do.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @FoxNews The American people are watching Sen. Graham. We will not forget that you supported treason.
It’s Time for the American People to Demand the Removal of Trump, His Admin. & the GOP NOW! LOCK HIM UP..
To listen to you be a turncoat...no thanks traitor.
Lindsey does Fox because they know all this Russia business is really about Hillary. Just ask Jeff Sessions.
I'm so disappointed in you!
Say you want a special prosecutor and start looking at what Trump is doing like RT in oval and no us news. RUSSIA has the interview not us!
No thanks. Fox News gives me brain herpes. Stand up for us against the criminal in the White House, please.
Your Sexual Predator President Trump Harassed James Comey and Obs.Justice & Pence Lied - IMPEACHMENT HEARINGS PLEASE
Senator
Wake up! We are getting into a constitutional crises! 
Do the right thing! Rise above the politics and be Lindsey Graham!
Thank you for voting to protect the environment
Why is it always Fox??? Jesus Joseph & Mary
Yea network that puts sexual predators in charge.
Your msg is for the old, retired, or welfare slackers in the red states, those who voted for Trump. The young progressives are at work,.
No thanks. I don't support state run "news".
@KHShan @FoxNews Hope you'll have time to check w/your staff about your constituent's opinions. #IndependentInvestigation
I think not. Only watch @ShepNewsTeam on fox. Besides you'll only be spouting the same bs you've been spouting all morning.
you need to open your eyes on what trump is trying to do with Russian investigation!
You are pathetic. Demand independent Russia-trump prosecutor and quit playing R games. Rs in Nixon's time upheld country over party.
I kinda wish you would just get to work and get off TV, but we know where there's a camera you will find Senator Graham.
Stand Up and demand a Special Prosecutor
Can you grow a backbone - please! You are a stooge.
I have given up on you
WOW! You have succumbed to Trumps flattery. How disappointing!
RT more reliable
Why are you defending the firing of Comey (head of Trump/Russia investigation) while that is going on? It stinks of corruption/ silencing.
Senator this country is falling apart. The Constitution is in jeopardy and ignored.
Speak to @cnnbrk Senator. You're on a limited State ran TV propaganda machine! We need nonpartisan action.
Why the hell would I, a reasonable & intelligent person, voluntarily watch Fox "news"?
Please stop POTUS's despotism. We are better than this and you have so much power.
If you want Americans to listen appear on a network that isn't compromised...
The people who said Comey resigned?
Of course you are. Do you speak to anybody else?
Can't do it... FOX is what got us here...U of all people should remember.. FOX torpedoed every candidate till they got to the "chosen one"
Do whats right Lindsey, we know you got it in you to be decent. You are working for a crook, and a monster!
#IndependentInvestigation #Trumprussia
You better talk about actions you are taking and not how troubled you are.
On after this commercial break.
Republic over party, sir!
country before party, Sir. Lots of Dems had been impressed w u, don't let us down.
Based on this interview, either he's playing possum and holding his cards close or he thinks there is nothing to see. Sad.
.@robs_alterego @LindseyGrahamSC @FoxNews this is disappointing. We need patriots now & the rule of law & democracy or the republic can fall
That you make Fox News your mouthpiece disturbs me greatly.
Why would anyone brag about going on Fake News
Stop talking to Russian state media.  Impeach now or we think you are complicit
Call for an Independent Special Prosecutor if you don't you're complicit with traitors! Defend America from all enemies domestic and foreign
Time to stand up for country Senator and not party.
Country over (russian) party Mr. Graham.
Do. Your. Job. You work for us. Not Trump. #TrumpRussia
Expecting a dude who can't come out of the closet in 2017 to show courage & protect our country from an unlawful POTUS? I've got a bridge...
Russian LAPDOG
(R) STANDS FOR RUSSIAN
Think hard about what is right. Listen to your conscience. Be on the right side of history. I'm begging.
Don't be like Your Boy McCain and  side with the Dumbocrats. I'm sure #POTUS gave your balls back from Obummers desk drawer when he won
Tune in to hear you continuing to abandoned your post? #TrumpRussia
Really, he's been fair to this point. Any hope of unearthing WTF happened hinges on him and other republicans who refuse to fall in line
Never will I tune in to Fox, Senator.
I can't watch that channel.
Me neither, but you should occasionally because the people on the right parrot them and you'll understand their perspective.
I don't trust you. America doesn't trust you.
You have got to follow the money - this guy is bad news
Are you going to tell them your loyal dog and pony show has all been an act, and you are totally against Trump et al.? Cos otherwise...
No thanks! I prefer true facts not alternative facts!!
Yawn. Your complicity is predictable.
#McConnell is a traitor
Please let them know that the republic is lost and you're whistling Dixie past the graveyard.
Time to do the right thing or you're going to look complicit in the very near future.!
You are nothing more than a partisan hack.
Sen. Graham, Trump decided to be Nixon 2.0, try and stay on the right side of things. Unmasking isn't the story here and you know it.
Please change your narrative to reflect democracy over party. I'm so disappointed in you!
Nope.
Your a dem in GOP clothes
#FakeNews
You can push the Democrat hypocrisy narrative all you want, but its intellectually dishonest.
and it's frankly, insulting.
Sorry. I avoid Fox News like the Plague. Do the Same with MSNBC & CNN. Strictly a newspaper reader
Hey...  so...  this dementia afflicted cheetoh is getting out of hand... and the Comey firing... I mean... can we put an end to this?
I hope you'll be demanding a special prosecutor
Gah! Is this really what you were HIRED to do? Tell me, what GOOD have you accomplished at all this week? How have you made any difference?
Grow some balls please #CountryOverParty
The GOP are going to be held responsible for the delusional, vile, treasonous and inhuman miscreant holding office today, get him out!
I'm done with you! If you aren't going to take our democracy serious, you can leave! #NeverVoteRepublicansAgain #TrumpRussia
Remind them that they are not State TV yet. Ask them about not showing Russia's Lavrov mocking Comey besides a smirking Rex Tillerson.
Lindsey Grahm why not hold a general news conference
Don't be complicit with the traitors, Senator Graham.
I'd sooner gouge my eyes out!!
#resist
But will you speak the truth?  Will you discuss how Trump and his oligarchy is a danger to America?
Go tell them like you have told everyone else, you 100% support trump.  Traitor
State TV
IRREFUTABLE

If you're NOT 4 a Special Prosecutor 2 investigate
RUSSIAN ATTACK ON USA

YOU ARE NOT A PATRIOT

NO WAY AROUND IT
Help us please.
