you might want to focus on all the Republican Puppets for Putin who are actively betraying the USA as we speak
You might be a #UsefulIdiot if you believe PUTIN will help MAGA
And you won't ever respond to the Manchurian Candidates that are now in office - weak snowflakes melt
just come of of the closet and admit your adoration for Putin. You will feel better
I hear there's some Vodka and Pickles avaiable in the fridge .. go take a break #TwitterEgg
THAT'S what you're upset about? Really? Not the fact that Russia attacked us and installed an emotionally unstable puppet?
His divulgence of classified info put troops at risk.
so does bush administration not having enough troops or equipment to. Or  calling off first falujah assault
still hanging on to a 16 yr old broken record I see.
huh?
Piss off boy
Come on Lindsey!? Show us you have the ability to forgive and show compassion.
that's not on his agenda I believe.
He's one of my favorite politicians. So I'd hope he's capable of forgiving.
better would have been for Obama to reduce the max from 35y. She was eligible for parole in 1 year.
#manning is forever freed from military control by executive order, even if #TRUMP rescinds the commutation @xychelsea
@tullyframe U stabbed the American voter in the back when u and Mcain pushed Russian conspiracy against Trump!
.@LindseyGrahamSC and what did general Petraeus do? Yet you still support him?
let it go Sen Graham. It was reasonable and you know it!
its a slap in the face the GOP is ok with Russian hacks.  As long as u got power right? What ever the cost
only mccain had spoken out about it.. silence = no problem with it
She helped end the Iraq war & saved lives. How r u saving lives? Oh, yeah, taking away lifesaving health care. Good job
yes. But Wikileaks promised Julian Assange in return.
I hope they actually do it!
Much like @realDonaldTrump did to our intelligence community
Go away trump troll
haha okay 3 follower troll
Assange did the same, if not worse because of the election in process .....
manning disclosed criminal acts by the military
She may have saved the lives of countless individuals by highlighting atrocities that had to be addressed immediately. Hero
You politicians do worse. Deal with it.
Really? Why do you have to twist things around?
thinks for reminding me that while you have good moments, they are only moments.
You sir stabbed the American people and our servicemen and women in the back funding and arming ISIS. SHAME ON YOU.
Who died because of his disclosures
now the ball is ur boys court. Assange said he would turn himself in for extradition for US.  Does trump go easy on him?
That was not the assessment of the Pentagon.  Making shit up again?  Of course you are.
Dear america, you all stabbed yourselves in the back. With your foreign policy.
DJT's attitude towards IC is far more dangerous to the lives of the men and women who serve and live in this country.
it is hard to trust govt when things are covered up and hidden from the public.
The deep-seated culture of crime that pervades our military was revealed and we will continue to fight #Fascism @wikileaks
that's a man, not a woman, stop feeding into that PC BS,  I will NEVER call andude a woman,
Maybe that is one you should be silent on.
The only people who put service members at risk are the lawmakers who foolishly voted for the the war in Iraq. Shame on you @LindseyGrahamSC
Crimes should never be secret!
..at risk of court martial.
respectfully Senator, you're wrong. She served the best interests of our country.
Chelsea Manning has done her time, nearly 7 years, longer than the 1 to 3 year convictions of most leak cases.
Manning Pardon is invalid. Go to The Guide, pp. 65-8; 250-4; 266; 269 at: https://www.amazon.com/dp/1539464121   to see why.
Shut it, Lindsey. Work on keeping health insurance for your constituents - while they still are...time's wasting...
intel community determined no one died from her actions. Can't say the same for civilians and reporters on that Iraq tape
And your party's president is about to hand the keys to America to Putin. Focus, Senator.
#HillaryWon

Nothing put our vets at risk more than the republican invasion of Iraq!
Manning is a hero. You should retire.
Does anyone else read this with a southern belle voice in your head?
@1234flyingninja So the message here is releasing military secrets is OK. Releasing non Goverment gmail info an act of war?
Its the right thing to do she has been abused, just because she is trans does not make it acceptable to abuse her
he did serve 7 years so there's that sir.
You are one crazy person.
It seems like even years after the fact you still know nothing
such hypocrisy! You are fine with putting a Russian spy in the White House as long as he is a Republican!
begone troll!
but Hillary walking free! I wonder if you pushed for her to be locked up!
what puts us all at risk is retaliation for murdering innocent civilians & shooting at kids.Which is what the video exposed
Thanks Senator Graham for speaking against what Obama has done.
what did u ever do to stand up for us??
so should Gen. Petraeus be serving 35 years as well?
1461 days of resistance Lindsey.
But trust funded snow flakes like you cheer at every servicemember's death.
not at all. Im mixed on mannings pardon.  This is an assange and trump chess move by obama
does assagne spill who leaked dnc hack? Do gop and trump try to suppress info?
Obama is not on side of USA He is Muslim and was chosen to destroy USA Clinton would have finished that
a bigger problem is Trumps alignment with wikileaks and Assange.
What do you believe should be done about David Petraeus' security crimes?
Another factor putting soldiers at risk is lack of action on reforming how military handles rape.
@LindseyGrahamSC blocked #MJIA reform bill
hypocrisy!!
would he have pardoned him/her if s/he wasn't transgender?
and she was justifiably punished. 7 harsh years including long stretches of solitary. It's enough.
Totally. Should've kept quiet about the killing of civilians.
if my government is committing war crimes I prefer to know it, thanks
When you become president you can arrest him again
what is Donald Trump doing & going to do? Manning is least of worries now.
No corruption = no whistle blowers = no security risk. So who is really at fault here?
released files, its a PR move to make Obama look good, but at the same time Obama is increasing spying behind the scenes
Our President Elect is in bed with Putin that will not put us at risk at all Exxon already setting to drill that oil
Could have but didn't. She shud have been booted from the army due to her mental issues & not sitting in a jail cell 4ever
And served 7 years in solitary confinement for his crime.
@tempteststorm2 I think Obama is not done yet. He is using H scorched earth policy
@xychelsea Revealed War crimes committed by US. They didn't want them revealed because they were ashamed of the truth.
Manning is pitiable. Snowdon is just a traitor.
In, or out of prison, Manning will have a short life span. Commutation is not wrong.
He will not walk from this, no threat. Soldiers don't "pardon.
Sounds like things you do Graham!
So did the GOP, yet they're not in jail.
