counting on you to stand for the American people and not the crazy POTUS!
You, like the other Democrats, should not have been there.
Hello. Can you help us? Pres Trump seems unfit for the office? PS. I don't agree with your politics but I respect you
please do not allow Bannon to use our military to destroy the global economy.  A Leninist on the NSC is a threat to the USA
Are you ignoring the horrors of the past week. What are you doing to get the madman removed from office?
Where is the military positioned about the executive order that impacts allied troop immigration?  Where are the vets?
Sen Graham, a proud American asking you to vote NO NO NO on Sessions and DeVos confirmations.
Please continue criticism of the President's unwise behavior - like you did in the campaign! We need your leadership!
Graham says "We MUST increase defense budget, go to war, and bankrupt Americans"
Sen. Graham, Please don't let the President get away with putting Bannon on the NSC Principal's Committee!
you need to show better support of our new leader then, or better yet, join the Dems. Look up the word loyalty.
Would you stop pretending our military is weak. You won the White House STOP
LEAVE THE MILITARY OUT OF THIS. STRONGEST IN THE WORLD. DON'T MESS WITH IT PEOPLE OF CONGRESS.
Graham says "I am VERY MUCH looking forward to inflating defense budget, starting wars death,and destruction"
Can u just stop the insanity of constant war? Please, other countries don't deserve US terrorists coming & taking resources
America a better place without you.....Obamacare for all politicians  it will go away faster than u can
why? Who r we fighting next?
America spends more on military than the next eight nations combined, while our bridges crumble.
YOU ARE AN OLD GOP ESTABLISHMENT!CORONA,TEQUILA REALLY!WE CAN DO BETTER!TAX UNTIL THEY KNOW WE WILL CRUSH THEM!
please...you have to know Trump is mad. Please do the right thing for America
Rebuild the military? It's the most powerful in history. How about helping #vets, #homelessness, #healthcare, #SocialSecurity #jobs ?
@GloryToRepublic You're a traitor the Stand by the President the people elected or leave the Republican Party
try and pay for it and not charge it to our grandchildren.
but still no replacement for #ACA.
I am a U.S. Maine mom. Please speak out about VA freeze.
we spend more on our military than every other nation. Use that money for early childhood education, job training, etc.
Sir, you see what is happening & you need to speak up. Our country & values are under attack. Your silence is collusion
I'm sure the circle-jerk was amazing..
Rebuilding military but freezing #VA hiring? So we will create more #woundedwarriors but not take care of them. @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS
When will there be a serious, thorough investigation of Putin & Russia's involvement in US election?
How about rebuilding the middle class? So far, no action by DT. Money for wall, defense, but not healthcare/educ. #Messedup
Too bad that wasn't your (and your esteemed colleagues) attitude the last 8 years!
gutting healthcare will just be icing on the cake.
don't waste money
With all due respect do you realize how much money we spend on military? It's more than the next 8 or 9 countries combined
do what's with the hiring freeze? Military depends on strong civil service. Also many vets  best employed as civil servants
don't forget current vets.  The VA needs more personal to take care of our warriors ... not hiring freeze.
can we rebuild bridges, tunnels, and highways? That's America First! No1 has invaded since 1812. Jobs & Infrastructure plz!
Keep up your good work of keeping Trump in line.  Help Mexico our friend and allie.  No wall! @LindseyGrahamSC
ya know we already spend more on our military than anything else, right?
.@LindseyGrahamSC Do it!
: this guy is so two faced: cannot be trusted
That's the only kind of retreat you'll see President Trump make. He's going to stand up and do  what's right for the  USA.
Our military is fine compared to others; let's rebuild our education system and infrastructure.
would you be comfortable with trump with you in the trench?
Your name will be reviled in history. Enabler of religious, racial bigotry by DJT. U have lost ur moral compass.
We know you are lying in this statement. One minute with that madman must be torture. Pls save our republic and get DT OUT!
Stop throwing money. Our military is full of waste and fraud. Over half of budget is for paying benefits. Unsustainable. Time for reforms!
no you do not. You look forward to being a road block to progress.
all these haters dont understand that you have to play ball to have leverage. youve been kindof inspiring dude, high hopes
lindsey....Donald hates you because you are garbage. Btw I'll call you and say the same thing. Donald gave your number haha
pick a side already.  You're embarrassing yourself.
Remember when you had to literally scrap your cell because someone casually and deliberately doxxed you? It was Trump.
what's wrong with the military?
Just Remember the 5 million marchers who oppose your sick republican white supremacist/racist agenda
.@LindseyGrahamSC  we're the #1 spender in military, almost tripling the #2 spender.  How're we so bad at budgeting, we have to "rebuild?"
is the military broken? What is wrong with you? You can see that he is crazy right?
You gonna need that military for a war ur planning, or for posse comitatus when the revolution starts?
we just burned a $1,000,000,000 bomber. better to replace that than fund NEA for 3 yrs w/ that money.plan on a war soon?
when are you going to admit he's unstable.
I'm counting on you to keep the Clown-in-Chief under some kind of control.
Yeah, sounded like a roaring good time. We laughed, we cried!
But your guy just froze spending for the VA. How does this help the military???
NO to Tillerson! Putin got the prez he wanted (who is planning to remove sanctions) Dont give Russia their Sec of State too

you appear to be a little bit too far up his ass now.
I hope that means giving our service men/women more money/benefits not your buddies with military contracts
seriously?  The fiscally Conservative party is going to bankrupt us!
#RestoreTheVRA #NoDAPL #NoBanNoWall #russianhacking #SaveACA I don't support a crazy POTUS!!!
we are going to need it!
"Rebuild?' the military with $trillion f35? More carriers than the rest of the world combined? Just light money on fire.
we still have the strongest military in the world. When you say"rebuild" thats just gop propaganda. #TheResistance
no surprise @POTUS is entertaining...sort of
seriously? U enjoy time w Trump?  U must be an apprentice
So basically you all enjoy making America worse..
U need to get + Repubs to vote NO on Tillerson. Trump calling him this wkend! WTF r u doing selling us out to the Russians?
time to "retreat"! #ResistTrump #ImVotingNo #impeachtrump
. We'll see. Freezing Fed Gov hiring is already hurting the military. Fed employees make up large part of military support
your boy Michael Flynn is selling out American Agents
Did you all discuss and enjoy the fact you have sold us out to Russia?

"Supremacy of the military" - should we be worried about our military falling behind the militaries of other nations?
Rally your GOP and STOP SOS Tillerson, and STOP any Hint of END OF RUSSIAN SANCTIONS, WE NEED THEM TO STOP RUSSIAN AGGRESSION...DO YOUR JOB!
So DT has FIRED ALL Top SOS Civilian STAFF, will make SOS Putin's Exxon Pal, and END Russian Sanctions ASAP. TREASONOUS & you know it McCain
Are you CONCERNED @ the ARREST of top KGB Cyber Guy by Putin, b/c leaks of Trump/Putin Deal: DT Pres of US for END of Russian Sanctions..NOW
your myopia baffles me
You have no shame! We're bombing 7-8 countries right now! Stop being a MIC tool That taxshould b 4 services to citizens!
I was starting to think you were a stand up man who would put country over party.  Clearly I was very wrong!
Block DeVos. She is grossly unqualified
rebuilding? When was it not built? #resist
How about rebuilding healthcare first? Or do Republicans only care about Republican American Citizens?
You have no problem spending our money on things you want, but you neglect what we need. 2020, we will unseat you.
Has anyone considered that Trump as Commander in Chief will depress enrollment?
Shame on you! 2018 and 2020 can't get here fast enough.
How is that @fema  aid to storm ravaged south coming along during #GOPretreat or did you ignore those voters?
Wasting money on expanding the greatest power the earth has ever seen, when we have Americans starving and w/o healthcars.
Only a bunch of delusional lunatics would think we need to rebuild our military.
Have a newfound respect for you. PLEASE don't be silenced by the sheeple that sold their souls w/in the first 6 days...
WTF are we rebuilding?! Is the GOP completely & utterly braindead? We have the biggest most powerful military in the world!

Are you wearing your Trump socks?
Rebuilding? When did it fall?

All the #GOP should do now is work w/Dems to figure out how to clean up the mess in the #whitehouse & save our country.
The #GOPretreat was a tense, awkward clusterfuck and you know it. GOP is freaking out over Trump right now.
It is okay to build a wall, yet kick 20-30 million Americans off healthcare? GOP is NOT doing the job!
keep the pressure on senator Graham. Put country before party. coming from a proud SC Dem. #NOWALL #countrybeforeparty
I'm almost liking u as a republicarp, with Sen. McCain. b cuz of ur voter & torture comments.  Lookin good.
more money for Lindsey! @WalshFreedom @Brialalexi @angelijka8 @FluffyDogAttack
at some point does the military run out of room for new stuff? Or do you build stuff, break it and rebuild for fun?
Senator, the Military doesn't need rebuilding or another boat. It needs DECENT PAY so soldiers dont need food stamps!
Funniest thing you've said all week.
I'm sorry, but what planet are you actually on?
Would look forward to u helping to #RemoveBannon. He's an unconstitutional nightmare & shld have no place near WH!
you continually misrepresent this state, you don't deserve another term. Stop being an embarrassment.
always concerned about size, are you? Not about health or long term care?
Can't b 2  productive with u around. Don't need Dems 4 opposition, you make a great substitute. Go away pls. #BuildTheWall
US military is #1, 100x over. Why die in a nuclear war, when you can die from a toothache (because you have no insurance)
YOUR President was ordering Natl Pks Svce to produce additional photos to show more crowds. And you deny he is insane???
Really? You enjoyed listening to that dementia-riddled fascist who wants to torture and take Iraq's oil? HA!!!
I'd like more information on why rebuilding a military is enjoyable and productive.
Why? We're not actively engaged in war. Hey, wait a minute -- do you know something we don't know?
rebuilding the military? We spend more on ours than the next 5 nations COMBINED. You're the bastards need rebuilding
where is focus on Russian hacking? This is democracy not dictatorship. Pls don't choose party over this American issue.
Does potus* know UK PM Theresa May had more frequent and vigorous applause than he did?

Asking for a friend....
oh good! I hope agenda item #1 is to #ImpeachTrump - he's crazy - unfit to serve #dangerous af
glad you are so enthralled by your little group of conservatives, but this is what it looks like to us outsiders!!!!
You know we're counting on you to stand up to him, right?
Rebuild? It's already bigger then it needs to be jerk.
& investigating #russianhacking of the election?
please don't vote for more weapons. When is enough?
I think you have some housekeeping to take care of first, in the White House.
put some work in to education. War & oil make you money but if we can't build new tech what's the point? #Realfacts #truth
All you are worried about now is being a Repub puppet and keeping the biscuit wheels on your gravy train for personal gain
This last year you had moments of clarity and reason. Now you have fell in line with the GOP to keep agenda and destroy USA
enjoyed the retreat? R U kidding? He is a traitor and a madman and YOU need yo stand up for our country.
You're all talk, Lady Lindsey
Seriously? I rather get a root canal than spend 5 minutes there. You go from outspoken & courageous, to falling in line w/alternative facts
.@LindseyGrahamSC at this point I trust the military a lot more than the administration. Go for it.
your capacity to do nothing of urgent importance is staggering. Our military is good.  How bout working on schools
Stop falling in line like all the other corrupt, immoral Republicans.  Trump and his Admin are destroying this country.
what about education? What about mental health care? What about help with addiction? What about the arts?

be careful of anyone who says that. very very dangerous concept when already by far the biggest RT @LindseyGrahamSC "rebuilding US military"
Please talk about @POTUS hiring freeze at VA hospitals. Drs, nurses, physical therapists.
Might not have $$ for that once Trump gets done with his wall.
Rebuilding US military?!?! Wtf?!? When did they lose their coach and QB?
did Donald bring his girlfriend Vladimir with him?
was everyone medicated?
is the military going to keep Trump from destroying us from within?
Did you enjoy the view of all the protesters on the street surprise you guys made it out alive
Working for your corporate masters (Boeing/Raytheon/M&F/Northrop) despite what constituents want (#NoMoreWar)... #SHAME!
I hope and pray that you develop a backbone if you are going to stay in politics
lol "rebuilding" you misspelled "further engorging"
With all the bridges he's burning, guess we'll be needing that military.
you know he is a lunatic.  What is your party going to do about it?
So how much more rebuilding can you achieve with $600,000,000,000?
I thought you'd be looking forward to being voted out!
before you rebuild the military, can sane heads reformulate mission priorities?
Respecting international law is not foolish. Stop fascism in America! Trump is certifiable
Because we don't have enough bombs! We can ONLY blow up the world 500 times, not 501! Sad. Bad
Rebuilding military (for more wars?) & a useless wall & tearing down healthcare and trade relations. You guys suck at this.
we have the biggest military already x10. You could look that up.
If that organization isn’t already “the best” with so many $trillions of dollars spent, then start by firing most of them.
"rebuilding US military?" How bout veteran's services? V health care? V jobs? Still military tho finished service, right?
Please encourage @POTUS to eelease his tax returns. And please say no to torture
"rebuild" the most oversized military in history. Great priority.
must be shocking - a city committed to American values: solidarity, free thinking, voting rights. #ResistanceInPhilly
Impeach Trump for years of lying to the American people in concert with propaganda from other countries! #DoYourJob #saveUSA
what war are you starting this time? Bankrupt the country again?
your talk is usually just talk, what a weasel you seem to be, spineless
Surprise! Trump was just there for a photo op. He's back to being an insane lunatic!
10 Nuclear aircraft carriers, and not a singular potential adversary has even 1.  Sincerely curious what needs rebuilding?
Indeed - to fight off mighty threats like Russia and.....oh, this just got awkward.
be honest ...your scared to death
Best way to rebuild the military is to stop sending them into unwindable conflicts. That's on Congress.
Stop it. USA has largest & best military in the world, nothing to rebuild. The 5% sequester budget cuts = GOP mandated
I like your tweets except the ones where your refer to trump as Pres.
Why rebuild/ increase military size if we are to become siolationists?? Logic??  What are your defense stock holdings?
By rebuilding the military you mean taking care of those who have already served, right?
DT aligning us w Putin to undermine our democracy but you're old enough that you won't have a lot of time left to regret it
I am disappointed that you have softened your voice on the Russian threat.
WOOHOO !!! So are we !!!!
u won't  allow these Russian sanctions to be dismissed right.. especially  with main player(s) under active investigation
Is a low key traitor
so sad Lindsey. You're better than bloated incorrigible DJT.
While half the country is looking forward to Trump's impeachment, if the GOP has any guts or patriotism left.
Cut military spending!
Did you enjoy the swarm of #Protesters?#PhillyResistance Only the beginning. #WeSeeYou
Also, as part of "rebuilding the military", what percent increase will you propose to raise pay of the troops? 10% 50% 100%
you guys have no credibility left
