that ratshit odor is likely coming from your upper lip boil u just want get looked at
No really???? Those hearing are a joke!  We want investigations asap @FBI  @jeffsessions  @seanhannity @JudicialWatch @POTUS NO more  
These investigations are a waste of money... only because nothing is coming from them
Understand this: the American people assume anyone obstructing this investigation with HRC email squirrels is hiding something. That is all.
What if he tells on you Lindsey, being on Hillarys payroll to, he probably knows all about you?!!  What do you say?
@JosephMarionRa2  
More interested in DonJrs emails!  I smell stale borscht laced with Trump Vodka! #TraitorTrump #LockDonJrUp & his Daddy too!
Stop sniffing yourself then sir.
FBI can not stop heroin inside or out of prison. Can not find tens of thousands Of children. Can't Put finger on Law enforcement Corruption
We smell one too except it is coming from the WH. And from you.
Wonder did he small anything when Donald Trump Jr changed his story at least 4 times in regards to Russia meeting 
What a partisan a-hole Graham is being now. Total norm to draft an executive decision as the investigation was wrapping up. No crime found.
Takes one to know one.
Which one, Graham or Comey ?
WHY NOT GET TRUMP TO TESTIFY M
Thanks to Mr. Graham and others that are fighting for the truth.  America deserves to know the truth.  Justice must be served .
Sen. Graham, how about paying attention to North Korea?   North Korea wants to kill us, Comey doesn't.
Oh come on, you smelled that rat a long time ago, you all just let him escape with the cheese.
Graham needs to impeach himself and remove himself from office, he is one reason we need term limits and they all need 50% pay decreased

Wow --  GREAT find and @jaketapper connection. Don't look for @CNN to cover #UkraineDNC, it seems... https://twitter.com/hiscity/status/905947760507138049 …
...gee--it only takes D.C. a year or so to catch up to truth known by the "commoners"...
Was John Mccain around?
Its right under your nose.
Smelled that rat years ago. Take your noseplugs off.
Comey-Rosenstein-Mueller = Biggest COLLUSION of ALL
Why do we care? The end result is not going to change. There is no smoking gun.
Please work on assistance with the poor people in hurricane.
That's Linsey's underarms he's smelling.
He must be on Mc Cains tail
I'm looking at a picture of a big fat
Senator, are you doing the same thing that POTUS is doing - trying to divert attention away from Mr. Mueller's investigation?
What investigation? U mean witch hunt!
Trump admitted he fired Comey over the Russia investigation.
Why are there NO arrests? SO many scandals yet NO arrests!
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC, what was your first clue?
What's so pathetic is the GOP bitter hyper partisan games.  They don't CARE trump obstructed justice- they want to help him COVER it UP.
The American electorate smells a rat, too, Lindsey - we smell a LOT of rats. The Comey memo is not very high on our I Smell A Rat list.
Russian interference in our election? Pretty high on our I Smell A Rat List. Russia FB disinformation campaign? Pretty high on our ISARL.
How about the release of hillary investigations paper
Not opposed to it, John. We need to hold ALL our politicians to the standard of truth. I'm done with the political status quo.
Get ready for the Sessions defense https://youtu.be/WkFsgU_WLko  "honorable" Sessions.
Lock Trump Up
Seriously.  Every time you finally come out as the good guy you screw it up. Don't go to the dark side, please.  I'm begging you
REALLY? If you're really all that concerned about stinking rodents... haul Sessions back in there first...
Put comey in jail
Get your nose outta your armpits, Lindsey.
Wants that Gold Badge back.
Why are all the liberals on here ok with Comey deciding to exonerate Hillary BEFORE the investigation?! What about justice, law and order?
Taking Comey down with him?
@LindseyGrahamSC @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @realDonaldTrump 

If you GET COMEY .... then you GET OBAMA, LYNCH & HILLARY
There is much evidence of collusion with the Clinton's and the democrats.
As Sen. Graham has said, there can't be a separate standard of justice for those at the top."No one is above the law in this country."
Including @POTUS  @DanaRohrabacher  @SenateMajLdr  @SpeakerRyan  and many others whose Super Pacs took Russian $$ for campaigns?
Lindsey Graham is finally waking up.  Well, maybe a little.
The rat is you! You have attacked our @POTUS about Russia & emails are now out about you and 5 other Reps receiving money from Clinton camp.
That would be YOU
It's time for Military Tribunals
Democrats are rats !!!
Odd..the whole country has known it for a year and you have just NOW realized.
It would be interesting to have LInsey Graham testify under oath as to what he knows. I bet he has lots of dirt on McCain's GPS collusion.
Get the facts. Sounds like he lied earlier.
You just got your olfactory senses back suddenly?
Enough already with the deflecting. Your man Trump is a disaster. Your party is unable to govern.
Yes sir
A lot of RATS in our GOV WAKEUP people only 1 person is fighting for change and for the AMERICAN PEOPLE not party our lobbist (THATS TRUMP)
If you're smelling it in a room with all your friends, Mr Graham, it's you.
U betcha!
And the rat is...DONALD TRUMP
It is called 2018, his due date is coming up, he must act like he is doing something so he can be reelected, he is nothing but trash...
@LindseyGrahamSC -Lindsey, for the love of God, go get yourself a full mental health exam..you're out of your mind

Good morning Lindsey, apparently you've been asleep for a while!
The rat smells a like Mr. @LindseyGrahamSC .
Right on point senator !!!! Persue it please..
wishful thinking.give it up clinton lost the election.comey's letter leaked by that hypocrit jason chavettes tuned the election for gop
Lindsey get off TrumpGOP Punch. Almost as bad as when DJT reads off cue cards. Think for yourself and ask what good this will do?
@LindseyGrahamSC Out of all the garbage stacking up in DC, this is the smell you are worried about? Give me a break.
Where is Sen Graham going with this?
Anywhere but reality. It won't work.
For once, I agree with the Senator. Maybe he's trying to make up for his anti-Trump agenda. Nah, we know that's not true.
No wonder he can smell the rat
The smell of rats leaving the Sinking @GOP ship @LindseyGrahamSC
Graham is and always was nothing but a slimy worm.....this is all irrelevant at this point - guy isn't; even the Director of theFBI any more
Boom 
Why isnt congress asking Comey why he didn't have the same reaction Lynch asking him to call an investigation a matter & where his notebook
is on that conversation. They need to reopen the @HillaryClinton investigation @TheDemocrats Party is a bunch of crooks
Just like benghazi they wasted tax payer money, grilled her and came up with zip
why? so he can cover his azz from all the lies he already told
I don't think so...oh, you smelling yourself, senator. You're the one who took Russian money.
What? He doesn't want to bomb him? That's an improvement.
Don't hold your breath
I smell a rat too. It's a chubby one with a southern accent and a penchant for waffling.
Graham should pull in Comey and Muller. Question both of them. Send Comey the leaker to grand jury and recommend firing Muller. Get to it.
I smell a distraction with a whiff of paranoia.
With a tornado of paranoia and fear.
@LindseyGrahamSC I smell a rat too #Trumprussia!
Is this for real?
#HurricaneIrma2017 #Harvey #NorthKorea #Healthcare #TaxReform Got anything else on your plate that could be more important? #Focus
First of all, Miss Lindsey, you smell a lot of rats...you and your lap, McCain, included. You defended Comey, so shut up.
.@LindseyGrahamSC fair question, why isn't Donnie held to the same standards & to the same scrutiny as HRC? 
You haven't a clue what is really happening do u? Bless ur heart!
They all are corrupt

We're long past smelling, Lindsey! He is a Rat!
Check under your armpit.
We knew Comey was a fraud and you guys let him skate. Mueller is a fraud too.
Suuuuuuurrrrrreeeee
Rabbit hole to rabbit hole. Just keeps jumping.
Keep holding on to those Trump coattails @LindseyGrahamSC You are not doing your job. Love to hear Jim Comey again. Lets get rats out if WH
I adore the integrity and intellect of Comey. Be still, my heart.
I smell the rat, too.  It's called Trump.
You're smelling @realDonaldTrump.  That sewer smell?  That's this bullshit presidency of his.
Clinton lost. Trump won. Deal with him; not with her. #moveon
Criminals do not get a pass just because they lose an elections. Hillary didnt receive a "Get Out of Jail Free" card. Justice awaits Her.
She has been the most investigated politician in history, they have found nothing, no charges, not a damn thing...
Just when you think Graham has regained his sanity he loses it once again maybe the hurricane in SC can knock some sense back into him
The rat was already stanking pretty badly when he testified the other times and was lying thru his teeth! Please see that Comey pays!
Trying to appease his base after being too anti-Trump.  So obvious.
Is it Trey Gowdy?
Boom! 
Stop wasting tax payers money.
Yeah, we smell one, too. It's called GOP.
Lindsey Graham (R) "You know how you make America great again? Tell Donald Trump to go to hell."
Sorry for the smell Honey, but tonight for dinner we are having RAT!!!!
You win!!!! Tweet winner!  This is it; this is everything!  @LindseyGrahamSC Get Comey back. He'll show you to your seat!!
I'm following you.

We can’t let Trump get away with his crimes, He must answer for his outrageous abuses in a court of law.
Bring it Graham!  Justice must be equal for all of us ! Thank you
