Speculation for Kelly's replacement includes McCaul, Kobach and Sessions http://politi.co/2tLmLvo  
Sessions ended the Klan in Alabama, got death penalty for leader's son: http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/the-administration/307180-defending-a-friend-liberal-smear-campaign-against-jeff …
You are misinformed.
No, you're misinformed.  I was a union organizer in the South.  There is no viable Klan in Alabama since Sessions bankrupted it.
The only source you use is SPL Center.  That's a mass marketing fraud group set up to rip off lefties' donations with hate hoaxes.
Gatestone isn't alt right or Breitbart.  Neither is American Thinker.  And every source I provided links to primary sources.
@politico and an unapologetic racist?
He was blocked from becoming a federal judge in the 80's, because of his racism. 
U need 2 go to dem side. U R NOT supporting the Pres we voted 4. RETIRE
Lindsey Graham why don't u try keeping your mouth shut.potus doesn't answer to u try doing your own job 4 a change.I think it's a smart move
You just said it Lindsey, 'fiercely independent'. Trump did not hire him for independence, he hired him for loyalty. Recusal=not loyal=out
Just saying based on Trumps record. As 4 Sessions, he's a bigot, liar UNDER OATH, and wants to take US back 20 years. He needs to go period
Moving AG Sessions to DHS would be less about staffing DHS & more about installing a Trump puppet as AG to fire Mueller & stop investigation
You mean witch hunt for which there is absolutely NO EVIDENCE!!!

my statement stands. ZERO evidence!!! Unless you have some to share after posting stupid memes
You would say that because you don't want anyone looking into your funny business.
AG Trey Gowdy has an even better ring.
What kind of ring would Rudy Guliani have as Attorney General?
President @HillaryClinton has a good ring to it ... current guy? doesn't sound right. doesn't feel right. Actually, feels horribly wrong.
but in large part thanks to your people, that's what is where we are so you know what? you helped this clusterf. thanks a lot
Plus that whole vote suppression thing, he handles that so well, right, Lindsey?
There can only be one president at a time......SUPPORT HIM and HIS DECISIONS
i highly agree with you
NOT a sinecure postion. Sessions has mandate to DRAIN THE SWAMP. Must appoint 2nd Special Prosecutor for Hillary& Dems
@USAGSessions is a racist,  hell bent on ramping up the failed war on drugs & a roadblock to criminal justice reform.
Sessions was first Senator to support Trump (v enthusiastically). Hardly makes him 'fiercely independent'.
Couldn't agree more! Sessions is highly compromised. But.. it's a line senate could draw. Maybe they placed him as an insider or he turned 1
Trump has gotten around you yet again. Don't fall for it.
Agreed, best scenario for Mueller is for Sessions to stay in place. Sounds like Trump might think he's found a loophole.
#45 being backed into corner 2 sign sanctions I bet all kinds of stuff starts dripping! And there is nothing he can do. #treason must suck!
Better not be no wall mccaul
How do you scam the people of SC into voting for you?
That's a joke - right???
And valued racists & KKK backer. What a guy-enormously compromised all every law that he loves 2 violate. Give 'em hell-or rather go 2 hell!
It's a good thing he won't be asking your opinion
Just like you and the rest of the Rhinos, he caved at the first barks of the Dem and MSM hounds.
You're worried about "fierce independence " while at the same time supporting Mueller's investigation of @POTUS administration...that's rich
sometimes u r my fav (R). Don't bow down stay woke! Stand firm. Look what DT has done 2 your colleagues. Said about BF. Country/over party
Sessions can't do the job, not strong enough
Opening the door for #FiringMueller proving that you were right about @realDonaldTrump  when you said that @GOP party was batshit crazy!
DHS Secretary Jeff Sessions sounds right, feels feel right. Senator Lindsey Graham sounds all wrong; SC vote him out of Congress.
But it's really not your decision..nir Mccains!! Support our elected president!
Sessions is a racist and already doing enough harm to people he should just be ousted not advanced
GRAHAM for PRISON Has a better ring to it! YOU ARE A RINO!
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed & agree,opposes John kelly's recruitment at DHS,no marines in politics,not appropriate..
You mean as Chief Of Staff, of course!
Yuo hypocrite! It was your stupid no burger Russian investigation that lead to Sessions demised. Now you are trying to avoid responsibility
Although he is a racist bastard
It is the Presidental right  to fire any member if his cabinet whenever he wants to.
Right.. Sessions, a shielded racist; an agent against civil rights and justice: Remember Coretta Scott King YOU propagate injustice. #Shame
Just, no - and BTW...you are a real lump these days #nospine #jellyfish
Senator Graham, Jeff Sessions wants to turn the judicial clock back 50 years. He's a relic. We do not need a fascist,racist homophobe.
Then why is he threatening state law ?
You misspelled "racist".
Will make a great TV show later on.
You pompous A@S how many votes for POTUS did you get? You don't choose cabinet positions heck you do nothing. Do us all a favor disappear.
I believe the POTUS should choose which position he wants Sec.Sessions fill not you. DHS or AG
Stand strong. I don't agree with you normally, but thank you for standing up for our institutions now.
You and your GOP colleagues deserve better treatment from WH.  I disagree w your policies, but this POTUS behavior hurts us all.
AG Sessions is me of the most honorable people, period. Post Tucker Carlson interview. Stands tall. A true American!
: Jeff Sessions needs to move to DHS ASAP.
He's hamstrung and he won't be @DHS.
I don't disagree but shouldn't our AG be involved in the two largest investigations in DC? Russia Collusion and HRC?
Jeff Sessions? Fiercely independent? Riiight. Lol! I know 3 people in the GOP who are independent. They are McCain, Murkowski and Collins.
Fortunately nobody wanted to elect you President, so all you can do is talk about it. The President will make that decision, not you. Loser!
More... The AG works at the pleasure of the PRESIDENT..
put this out to pasture. put your money where your mouth is. create a law to protect Mueller from being fired. go on holiday.why the drama?
Don't care what any of you think after healthcare no repeal! Your all worthless and about to go!
And oppressive policies to boot
Sessions perjured himself during confirmation you voted for him defend his integrity. You need to be voted out asap.
I disagree but at this point I know whomever Trump will appoint would be worse.
Except for that time he committed perjury. That makes the ring not so good.
keep your nose out of it.  DHS Sessions sounds like a GREAT IDEA.
Um...except for the secret, undisclosed meetings with Russian, spies, lawyers and agents.
Graham seems to think he is the President. Funny he couldn't get kindergarten kids to vote for him. Soros Sell out
who cares what a rino and a suck ass to the liberal media  says including Sunday shows McCain
Meets with Russians during campaign then lies about it actually has  a Trumpsky ring to it! #lockhimup
I support @AGJeffBSessions!! You however, I have some grave concerns about
Sessions doesn't have a good ring 4 anything.Hes a bigot and guilty of perjury.Oh, one more thing GRAHAM ,he COLLUDED WITH THE RUSSIANS.
I think he'd be best at DHS. That is his passion!
yep
U lost the president! U dont make the rules! UR HISTORY!
Utah but he works for a mental case as you well know Lindsey Graham
Is lying to congress a crime for an AG?
Also: racist.
Sessions..then a new AG over Mueller which is a joke!
And trump wanted him to break the law so he can obstruct and impead the investigation.
Independent..LOL.
Very suspicious that Lindsey and other @GOP are so worried about this situation!! Very Telling!! 1 by 1 you will be voted out by Patriots
A Racist!
YOUR HOT & YOUR COLD YOUR YES & YOUR NO YOUR IN & YOUR OUT YOUR UP & YOUR DOWN...TK U...BACK AT CHA!
If thought those things myself, but his hesitancy to act has proven he doesn't have the fortitude to drain the DC swamp!
Sorry, Senator Graham. Sessions seems afraid of his own shadow. We don't need scaredy cats running DHS! We need a TIGER!
So what happened to crafting a health insurance plan with bipartisan support? You just can't stop trying to kill everyone but the 1%.
<<< This head case is ponder the sounds of a title for Sessions.. Is this what they pay you for in SC.. you basta*d
I am so glad you approve. Now, correct me if I am mistaken.. but didn't you receive just 1% of the vote. Freaking loser
This from McCain's protege.
Isnt a good pick 4either. Lied under oath. Racist. Can't turn a blind eye.If he goes or not we need to protect Mueller.
Wait until your idol in the white house makes his move      all talk , no action . I am truly disappointed in you Senator.
You are not POTUS..but you are a jerk.
You affect your own credibility saying bs like this. Is it really worth it to you?
And a proven liar about Russia
Asset forfeitures are unconstitutional.  

Don't try to act like he cares about justice, he clearly does not.
And tough on crime is how we have the most citizens per capita locked up.  We need to be smart on crime, and Jeff Sessions uses falsehoods
HEY U RHINO STOP TRYING 2 DICTATE WHAT MY PRESIDENT SHOULD DO! MIND UR PLACE BC WE VOTED 4 TRUMP 2 DRAIN THE SWAP NOT U!
Yeah, if you have Tinnitus.
@jeffsessions has NO ability to perform the duties of an AG after recusing himself of anything Russia!  He's useless to the American people!
#JeffSessions  do the right thing and #Resign
Rule of law?! Perjured himself under oath in Senate hearings!
Except emoluments clause violations by @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner 
We elected President Trump and we are behind him 100%. Get out of the way.
Hardly fiercely independent! 

Senator Graham has a great sound to it. Keep American strong. You are one of our American Guardians. Don't jump on the bandwagon.
Of course, RINO Graham does not want Sessions in charge of Homeland Security, Graham  is against border security.
I like it too.
God you're so awful. Why are you just so awful?
Sorry Mr. Graham it is not your call.  The president makes that decision and America stands behind him.  Your not the dictator.
Sessions has the guts to enforce the laws of the lands.He believes laws are laws not suggestions. @realDonaldTrump @potus @politico #MASafeA
Tell Trump to stop messing with the lives of millions. Sabotaging America's health care has a bad ring to it.
If Republicans don't  put a stop toTrump, they will find themselves without political power for the next 100 years! Follow  the Brave Three!
Sessions was born to be an AG. Not a good fit for DHS.
Committed to the rule of law?! Are you serious? Or do you just mean the rule of law for everyone but himself?
Unlike you. McCain stood up with 2 women senators to watch our backs. You depended on a phone call of BS. N you believed it. Shame
Need someone tough on Clintons and their schemes. Republicans are allowing MSM and Democrats walk all over them. Term limits!
GOP & Dems plan: limit AG Sessions (done), while Special Counsel(who has no oversite)does whatever he wants. BUT GOD!
Nah. Agree with your tweet 2. But: drug warrior, bad on civil rts, out to incarcerate us back to bankruptcy, bad for families.
Yes--and President Pence and VP Graham has an even better ring to it.  Seriously.
JS will do great and DOJ Man can take down the deep state swamp
Doesnt matter really.  You failed us on repealing Obamacare as a promise, i doubt anything coming from the senate.  You are not united
wrong. He lied on his application. He wants to take away States rights with marijuana legalization. Again, something that the people chose.
totally agree
I couldn't agree with you more sir
Can't stand the guy (and I'm from Alabama), but we kinda need him right where he is right now.
Hope you mean what you say this time.
He wants minorities in prison. What a great guy.
But it still looks like a gambit to remove him so new compliant AG could fire Mueller.  Beware.
We agree. Jeff is an excellent & devoted & class act person. He is so qualified for the position of AG for our Country.We feel safe with him
Where has @LindseyGrahamSC tough talk about keeping @attorneygeneral Sessions gone ?
Privatizing jails and then arresting people to fill prisons for profit is a very bad, scary institution to me. We're better than this.
Will you wake up? Sessions is a Russian stooge! Jesus man!
AG Giuliani has a better ring to it!
i'not a big fan but he is hanging tough
F U Lindsey, love york Co SC
Senators are supporting @attorneygeneral  Sessions to stay put.  Thank Goodness.
Only reason Sessions is considered for DHS is to get the Russia investigation off Trump's back. Transparent ploy of a guilty man.
You and the other RINOS work on preserving obamas legacy? Vote against  repeal&replace Ocare, make bills to keep Russia a bogeyman..
So does inmate Trump
Remember that time where tough on crime Sessions dispensed with the rule of law long enough to lie repeatedly for months about Russia?
Sessions has to remain AG unless the idiot president fires him.
Sorry @LindseyGrahamSC not your call.
Are you the President or Donald Trump, to decide about things like that?
If sessions is so dedicated and good at his job why is hillary not in jail for the uranium deal giving uranium to russia
Lindsey Graham Trump needs to be impeached
Neither one has a good ringto it, as he is a racist and a fascist. Let's get past this bogus idea this man is honorable.
FORMER Senator @LindseyGrahamSC has a much better ring I believe..
Except the whole lying about Russia thing that caused him to recuse himself, perfect qualification for this administration
How about AG Jeff "The Hangman" Sessions?  That will put the fear of God in any would be criminal.
All so he can put a puppet in the AG position to do his bidding like the devil that he is and you know it.
Can't wait to vote you out of office!
Racist! Makes decent cookies!
Hahahahahahahahaha... Oh, sorry, i stopped taking you seriously after your healthcare circus act. Just retire, Linds. We need good reps now.
Ya right - Racist Sessions
So now you are on board to allowing 45 to fire Mueller when he hires another AG? What's up with that?
Re-read this tweet. He is saying leave Sessions where he is.
I dont care for Sessions but I would not want him to be fired to get a stooge in to fire Mueller...
Stay tuned for America's worst reality tv show: Trump White House. Where chaos is every day. More drama then the Kardashians.
You've got to get him to see the light on letting stares decide abt weed. His New War On Drugs is a BAD idea. Been there, done that.
*states decide. Fat fingers.
Better health and tax reform sounds even better
Dem lawmaker to Sessions: 'You are a racist and a liar'
Those are good qualities for DHS secretary too.
Lying to the Senate. M'kay. Rule of law. Yeah. What planet are you living on?
Oh. .Sure, Lindsey. Put the racist Keebler elf in that Ted Kennedy said was too racist to serve before. But he's less racist now? Hoods up!
"Fiercely independent" hahahahahahahaaaaa!! Wait ...wait...hahahaha hahahaha!
Please beware!
Ryan-Priebus ally tells me Trump is moving toward "an independent WH" untethered from the Republican Party
and then put his own guy in as AG who will then fire Mueller?
Well the first point and the third will for sure get him fired by your petty little dictator in chief
Move sessions so we can get someone to go after Clintons.  It is time for you wish washy men to stand up for your voters who put trump in.
Watch for the end run. Move sessions and bring price or Carson do justice. No confirmation needed. @POTUS is desperate @gop @SenJohnMcCain
Repeal of the ACA(Obamacare) has a better ring to it!!!
Lindsey here seems terrified of a new AG.  What crimes is he trying to keep hidden?
When is this monster in the White House going to be kicked to the curb actually feeling ill over him?
Kobach? Do for Homeland Security what he did for Kansas? He shouldn't be allowed to manage a Dunkin Donuts franchise.
Expecting all hell to break loose if he tries to replace him.

Ryan-Priebus ally to me: next phase of Trump presidency will be warfare against GOP Congress
Because of recusal from Russia investigation, it's only logical that we need new AG.  Unless of course you believe Russia bit is unimportant
Rumor has it, Trump is about to wage war on the GOP and go rogue.  I'd say you have about a month to take care of this problem.
Sessions is an awful AG.  Moving him to another position yet another cowardly move by Trump.
You tell 'me @LindseyGrahamSC Don't let the #MadKing fire Sessions.
Funny, I'm hearing a dull thud.
What the???
Move him to the Russian front!
I wish that little fucker Sessions would just retire already!!!!!!!!!
If you and your traitor @SenJohnMcCain like it, time to drain the swamp
Jeff Sessions, inmate for treason, perjury.
@politico I don't know about all that, Senator...
You must be high
