He's A RUSSIAN TRAITOR 
SO Yes he's Not Only HURTING Presidency
But Our Country and #WeThePeople as well.
#Trump
My friend said it best" our Congress is full of "Retardicans and Dumbacrats"
And what he is doing surprises you how we knew he was a lier bankruptcy. King so what was ya thinking
Why is he hurting his presidency? You all need to remember Mr. Trump is not a olitician and he will not lie! He will speak & say whatever
Boo hoo
You weren't even in the meeting so you don't know what was discussed. Stop with the assumptions & stand by OUR President!
How can we rain him in
@Cindy_52s @LindseyGrahamSC he is hurting Americans.
Give me a break get Grayharm off the air retire this dude if RUSSIA so alarming WHERE WERE YOU WHEN HRC was selling us out or Obama? Loser!
Neither you nor any of the other RINOs in Congress are the leader. You have proved that you cannot follow. So, please get out of the way.
At the next G20, let's send Micky Mouse.  That will be an improvement over Trump.
The GOP & Dems elected to serve need to rise above and work together & sideline this man. An embarrassment & lies all the time.
Do your job senator & act!I know you've seen the polls & that you hear us.#25thAmendmentNow

Hurtting it via this?  GROW UP. Get his reality!
#MRGA
Lindsey Graham is a warhawk. He'd love to have a war with Russia. I don't like Trump but at least there won't be war with Russia! >.<
There is only one thing Graham can do and that is go for impeachment, but that is up to the HOUSE, not Senate. Trump NEEDS to be impeached.
We the People don't give a flip about his so-called presidency. We care about our country and we will hold you, Senator,  accountable.
Absolutely
Stay smart, Graham. This man is poison for our nation. Stay away!
Listen to the people.   50% of 50% is NOT a mandate!!!
Only not 50/50, Hillary won by 3+ million votes!
I dunno, Lindsey, many of us see it clear as day. How can we help you clear your confusion?
Founded on dumb.
No shit
Thank you Lindsey Graham

Senator Graham it's time to call him out.
Senator, forget about his presidency - he's hurting America.
Flimsey is wrong, so wrong
Sadly the GOP will do nothing SAD!!
Lindsey...When will you realize you, McCain and the other RINO graybeards are the problem.
Still "all in," senator? Let this be a lesson: careful what you stick it into. #Russia #Complicit
Lindsey Graham's looks like he is in a permanent state of being "dumbfounded"
He needs some time off.
If he could just hold on until 2018.
We don't care what you think.
That is America first!!!
Move pass this and get on with putting first. Trump is doing a good job and will do better if speed bumps would get out of his way.
Who cares if he hurts his "presidency "??How about hurting the US??
Your viewpoint, your understanding of this situation, well, frankly that is why NO ONE wanted you for PRES
Republicans please step up. We cannot trust our president with our national security. Not normal. Un-American. We feel helpless. Stop This.
For what? So your Rep concept stays in the WH? This is not Rep. This is an unamerican regime and you're enabling history to repeat itself.
You have placed party before country and are willing to sacrifice all of us, our healthcare, Womens rights, human rights, our environment
DON'T BE DUMBFOUNDED.  Trump is in Putin's pocket.  BE ALARMED, and DO SOMETHING!
People gave their lives for these freedoms and you are enabling him to easily endanger our principles. Shame on you and any Republican
Hurting his Presidency? That's all you care about? He's hurting our country! Destroying our democracy! Diminishing our standing in the world
And u were okay with this, dummy?

What was @POTUS44, @BarackObama colluding???
WouldUrather wesever all relationships with Russia?U aren't qualified2carry water 4PresidentTrump!UR an embarrassment LG
Right Lindsey.  You don't get it. YOU are hurting your own image. You are so creepy and fighting such jealousy!
This is why there are certain GOP Traitors that will go on MSNBS or CNN; @SenSasse @SenJohnMcCain  The #FakeNews Networks can count on them!
I did have some hope for Graham, but then he comes on these NOTHING networks and slams @realDonaldTrump   Not Acceptable! Graham = RINO
His presidency?  He's damaging the country!!
How about hurting the USA ?
Learn the definition of "dumbfounded"
Trump is the only member of the US government who actually believes Putin when he says there was no Russia meddling in our election.
Shut up
So when will you do something about it?
Do something about what?
One correction: HE'S HURTING THE COUNTRY!  I could tolerate his presidency, but not with what he's doing to our country.
South Carolina needs to vote that RINO out..he sides with democrats more than Republicans .
Dumbfounded? It's obvious to most of us. 1. ROSNEFT 2. Kompromat; Trump is a compromised President as Putin has info on Money Landering etc
F hurting his presidency,  how about he is hurting all of us in the USA, Washington, Jefferson and Adam's rolling over in their graves.
What a liberal, left, cry fest this was! hahahaha
Then do something Senator Graham!!!
Graham is a past master of talking out of all his orifices at once. No credibility.
Presidency!? HIS Presidency? .@LindseyGrahamSC when are you going to worry about what he's doing to OUR COUNTRY?
What is he doing to our country.......exactly?
When it comes to representing our state, you Senator are disappointing South Carolina! Always trashing our President!!
Because the "president" is destroying our country. He's making USA a laughing stock across the globe. It's appalling.
He's doing much better than Barry Hussein Obama did!
Respectfully disagree, Brian. Trump and entourage and GOP are a nightmare come true.
And destroying the Country. How much are patriots supposed to ignore before they take action. Republicans must stop Him. Congress must act!
Yes but you will still support him on just about everything!
Lindsey should be happy then! That seems to be his motivation from Day 1! He represents the elite establishment which is being dismantled !
In the end when the dust has settled, we will come to know that this presidency was only about one thing - enriching Trump and his cronies..
Stop "posturing" stop propping him up . Stop normalizing him. U R losing cred.
You are a class act, Mr. Graham! Keep speaking out for what's right.
My question to Graham is, "why do the Republicans let Trump ruin your party and topple America?" His greed and mean spirit spell doom for us
Lindsay Graham is all talk and no action
Thank you Senator Graham for speaking up, to hold the President accountable for his words. Way to be Bold!!  Hope more will be bold with you
HURTING HIS PRESIDENCY??? He's made a mockery of the office, fired or run off all the decent staff , & abolished all trust in the office.
Lindsay Graham is all talk.
Observing an Administration standing up against the Syrians, Russians & Iranians & also Terrorist -no more red lines & Kremlin intimidation
GOP has shown this country that all that matters is that a Republican is in the WH. It doesn't matter who or what. The country don't matter!
PRESIDENCY? From the beginning this has been a joke. This #DEMENTIA man is an embarrassment to our country!
If @LindseyGrahamSC is dumbfounded then he hasn't been paying attention!
You're hurting All Americans this must stop!
He is hurting America! Graham can only see party, not all Americans.
How about he is incompetent and hurting the nation?
Putin joked on camera at the #G20summit2017 about murdering journalists that hurt Trumps feelings. He didn't have to use the word murder
It's about time Lindsey that u admit 2 being dumbfounded...admission is the first step to recovery.
dumbfounded and disappointed ---- well that certainly sims it up
Then quit your talking & do something about it! Congress you take an oath 2 protect AMERICA from foreign & DOMESTIC dangers.
You can have all the disloyal haters you want to talk shit about @POTUS.  Trump won, you lost, and fake news won't change that #getoverit
When. Will the Republican Senators stand up to this farce of a presidency. Do what right!!!
He is part of the swamp
I'm still dumbfound Republicans couldn't get their act together to come up with a better candidate. Too many egos in the mix.
You can't continue to support this man. He is crazy and stupid. The Republican's deserve better and should have called him out.
He is destroying our country. Do something! The GOP is not immune to the destruction of our sovereignty.
I don't give a darn that 45 is hurting his "presidency." He is hurting OUR COUNTRY. Impeach him!
He is hurting our nation & @HouseGOP @SenateGOP are watching, waiting, doing nothing.
I disagree Senator Graham!
No, he's hurting our country. It's reputation, values, our leadership standing in the world. BTW, will destroy ur party as well.
Lindsey is all talk and posturing.  Like McCain and Rubio they support DT when it counts.
Obama went on an apology tour and disparigezed America as President and now as a citizen. Where was and is the outrage from the MSM
Hurting "his" presidency? No @LindseyGrahamSC he's hurting USA, and we're all dumfounded & disappointed that you & @GOP are enabling him!

Once again, do something about it!!!
Hahahahahahahahahaha what a bunch of crap Graham You and mccain are such losers.
The POTUS is allowing America to be hacked and doing nothing
No hurting our country
But that's all you say! DO SOMETHING!!! He's hurting the Country!!! THE WHOLE COUNTRY!!!!
Graham boy there is a real expert on Russia . He doesn't know difference between Soviet Union & Russia!!
@LindseyGrahamSC   Yet I will do absolutely nothing while I appear on MTP faking that I actually give a dam!
@MSNBC @WhiteHouse @StateDept @POTUS @LindseyGrahamSC a war monger luvskilling. Doesn't represent or speak4 American Ppl.
What they're saying in Europe...
Every American must watch this –– ALL of it. After the G20 Summit, it has become clear America is no longer leader of the free world. 
Trump is the most dangerous man to ever occupy the WH.
Not just "his presidency but the office itself may never recover.
And Republicans like Graham keep letting him do it.
Maybe all of the worms are turning. Saving their own skins.  They don't get off that easy, because they all backed him!
#COVFEFE
Shut up Lindsey Graham! Tired of hearing you!
MSNBC mis informed as usual ..,. But goes with it .
Actions speak louder than words, Sen. Graham. Do something about this treasonous act (refuting our intel) against our country. DO SOMETHING.
WTH @LindseyGrahamSC . Shut up when you don't know.
Better change party affiliation before it's too late. You are no Republican and a poor excuse for a Senator. Only the Libs listen to you!
He is hurting America
Sorry but confused on why you would say that Mr Graham! Referring to his cease fire or his meeting as a business man before he was elected.
Words are worthless, action is golden. Until then, you are just another member of a republican cabal putting party before country.
Words, Senator. Nothing but words. WHAT are you going TO DO about TrumPutin and WHEN? ACT before it's too late.
He is hurting? He smashed it, crunched it, stepped all over it back in January when he was sworn

Dear Senator, Trump isn't hurting his Presidency. He is putting the sovereignty and security of our nation and Western ideals at grave risk.
All of a sudden outside influence during an election is a big deal. Couldn't find any hanging chads so.....
Actually @LindseyGrahamSC he's hurting your country, your Party and what's left of the USA's reputation on the world stage. But hey! #MAGA 
1% guy.
Keep your friends close and enemies closer
Good example of

Cherry picking!

Cleverly take bits and pieces to

make it fit your agenda !!!

Meet the dishonest Press
Understatement.  Respectfully, he's hurting more than his presidency @LindseyGrahamSC;  he is hurting all of America.  #trumpRussia
Mr Graham act now!
He is killing our democracy.
He's baaaaaaaaaaack. Traitor Graham where's your buddies McCain and Kasich. Huey Louie and dewy. Larry curly and moe.
You say these things, Mr Graham, but when it comes to votes, you just vote along party lines. Words are cheap. Back them up with action.
New from Urban Dictionary "dumbfounded" is a common term used by Republicans to apologize for "treason." @SethAbramson @peterdaou @tribelaw
That is your opinion! Do u want to go to war with Russia? WTF do u want? POTUS is trying to balance a working relationship and being tough.
NO HE IS HURTING OUR COUNTRY!!!  OUR COUNTRY!!! THIS WILL GO DOWN IN HISTORY AND YOU WILL GO DOWN WITH IT!  CONGRATULATIONS!
Who cares about his Presidency? A foreign agent is being welcomed with open arms to work with our Intel Community! Why is that not alarming
But what will Graham DO to protect the USA? We all know he will do nothing and continue to vote party line.
Actions speak louder than words Lindsey. When will republicans finally have enough and choose our democracy, our country over this clown.
Correction: by siding with Russia, trump is hurting our citizens, our country and world wide democracy!
HURTING THE COUNTRY -- he is a Fake President, nothing more.  Putin now runs Trump, and Trump is a traitor.
He will never accept the fact that Russia is not our ally! Wake up Trump! They compromised our democracy! I'm baffled ...
He is playing with Putin the way he is playing with the Media, but having more fun with the Media.
If you want hard evidence on Russia let the FBI see the DNC server and remove all doubt!
Then start doing something about it.  Stand up.  Your agenda is going no where anyway.
You dumbfound me!
@LindseyGrahamSC   If you are so dumbfounded.....then DO SOMETHING!  Talk is cheap!
@MSNBC @LindseyGrahamSC because mr graham is a pedo and trump is coming for him #PizzaGate #ForTheLoveOfHotDogs
Poor Lindsey, he's worried about soo many what ifs. With friends like Lindsey, you don't need enemies. A laugh w/Chuck Todd is disgusting
The Silent majority will ensure that Trump sees a second term.
But what is Congress doing to change any of this, it's not to LATE but it's not to far,away from it
The hell with him hurting his presidency .@LindseyGrahamSC ! He's hurting America!  PROVE YOU KNOW THE DIFFERENCE! 
#25thAmendmentNow
He is hurting the entire world! It's time for action @GOP @SenateGOP
His Presidency is going to have a very ugly ending Mr. Graham and it's time you jumped from this burning ship
Will you say that right out to get him out of office?
There is no other person on the planet been more wrong on Trump than Graham .. but he is still trotted out because he's a Republican.
Pssst. Senator Graham, if only there was another, separate branch of gov't that could, like, check him or something.
Does it really matter what he does?  Republicans aiding & abetting Trump's corruption
He is more than "hurting his Presidency." The Congress must act to cut off any Cyber information sharing with Russia. #CongressDoYourJob
He's hurting America and the world.
What about this country!  Coukd care less about his so-called presidency!
