You sir are a disgrace to the poor, old, women and people of color. You need to resign like 45 the world will be a better place
Please announce your retirement.

Haha, the only program channel (hate to call them NEWS) that won’t press Graham on any issues or hold him accountable for anything!
Why don't you ask the stupidest of the Fox friends about the constitution?  Even they know this is wrong.  Shame.
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
Sen Graham, expect to LOSE YOUR REELECTION if you keep avoiding worst problem our @GOP has. #Invoke25th #ImpeachTrump #WeWantOurCountryBack
Fox Fake News I had hopes for you Senator but you are an obvious Party before Country pol
Nobody listens, Lindsey. You surrendered ALL your credibility

Great, more Fox and Frauds. We’re really impressed. Great audience. Don’t use words with more than 5 letters or you might lose em.
#pandering
Who cares? You’ve lost us.
Americans are dying in Puerto Rico. Please help the people of Puerto Rico. They are desperate.
Please get out of the echo chamber and do some real work

Why do you watch TRUMP FOX NEWS?
Do you ever go on another media outlet except Fox fake news.
"Oh mistuh Potus.. you're so good at golf! Your mulligans are are so sexy and how you talk about increasin "the nuclear" x10, oh gawd!
More blather on how you suck the alleged @potus nipples for nourishment
How much money did it cost the taxpayers for your golf trip with Trump? Trump said he would not be like Obama and stay in WH A LIE You SUCK
Why is it always Fox News? Don't you have the guts to talk to any other media outlets?
Lindsey, it's time to do something about Donald, the US is falling apart! @GenJohnKelly @SenBobCasey @GOP @MAGA @FoxNews @foxandfriends
The only words out of your mouth should be @realDonaldTrump is a sociopathic, dangerous moron.
Do your job and save humanity from the mad man in the White House!
He wont. Been offered some good honey pot from trump. Did you see his joyful description of his golf outing. What serious congress would say
Honey pot isn’t worth shit if you’re dead. 
You do know like they have better healthcare they also have access to better bomb shelters than desks and tables
what about speaking with your constituents? You can’t hide from doing your job forever.
Lindsey you are a sellout I like you do not sellout to the unfit guy in WH(73 no chance) Fox is working like a gov channel @LindseyGrahamSC
I lost all respect for you...I will never listen to your lies!  Go ona real news show...try NPR for once
Why aren’t you working? Why do you hate women?
With all the craziness going on with our President will you please tell us again about that wonderful round of golf you played.
Do your Job
Who cares, Sellout & Racist! You Have no credibility!
Shut up NANCY,
Yeah yeah yeah...we know what you're doing.  Trying to brown nose Trump because he's coming to SC and you don't want to be called out...

If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
Oh boy! Fox News!!!! Lol the only news 45 doesn’t consider fake. That keeps me away!
So you can talk about your golf game?
Why?  To spread some more lies and propaganda? You should retire.

Last night Fox News host Neil Cavuto said on national television that he wasn't sure if the president was of sound mind. The tide's turning.
Who the hell would listen to you now? You're a fraud like the rest of your party
Again w/Fox. You really have sunk sir. This SC resident looks forward to you someone replacing you. #CountryOverParty
No thanks, fake news Radio
VOMIT!
Great!  Are you going to talk about how you’ll invoke the #25thAmendmentNow?
Until you're willing to call out the dangerous liar in chief no one wants to listen to you.
Cool. I wanna hear more about Trump's golfing. Who paid your way?
Sorry..no can do.  Trying to hold together what sanity I have left..can’t listen or watch anything on the #newsfordumbfux channels.

You R so spineless. Is the best you've got: gushing over illegitimate fake president @realDonaldTrump golf game?  DT's Putins puppet, uR DTs
Hard pass! Used to have faith that you could not be bought, no longer! Go on a REAL show, not one that is complete FAKE NEWS!
I wonder which LGraham will show up?
Enjoy your time with Sycophantus Maximus

Not brave enough to go on the real news? You were elected to lead, not follow. You were elected to serve the American people, not   @POTUS.
Impeach TRUMP before he kills everybody
How about show some integrity...some backbone and quit sucking up
You gonna talk about golf while Rome is burning?
How about holding a town hall since you've got all this free time to go golfing and appear on talk shows?
Great, maybe you can discuss those military deaths in Africa
oh jeez. do you ever shut up?
Think if the democrats elected Weinstein for president... 

That would be so wrong. 

Oh wait... the republicans elected a sexual predator and you defend him.
Will u b talking abt how even the police in #PR don't have H2O? They had 2 split their H2O supplies, each got a 1/2 of sm bottle 4 whole day
Always fox, wow you've changed
You're a disgrace. Sucking up to a president who you know is dangerous to our country. Where is your patriotism?
Please say Trump in unbalanced and should be removed.
About your golf game with narcissist @realDonaldTrump ?
To hear you pander to POTUS and lie to us, Senator?
Get to work
Bring your integrity...

Oh another platform for you to lie about shit.
deplorable is as the deplorable do.
Get on board Lindsay & stop the insanity of being on T/Establishment cheering sidelines #EstablishmentDaysOver
FOX FAKE NEWS FOX FAKE NEWS THE GOP PROPAGANDA
I'll pass your ass kissing is nauseating before breakfast
Click
@realDonaldTrump did really shoot a 73 did he?  The course was only 9 holes?   Were you playing putt putt? #DonnyDayCare
More lies, warmonger? Or will your conscience get you and you will impeach Trump? As you have no kids I guess you don't want to make history
That should be nauseating.....
Fraud
Pass.
Why Fox? Don't you want smart people to hear you too?
Nope
1st rate protectionist hack. You have zero credibility
Opinion shows aren't news, if Americans wanted your opinion we would give it to you.
Go on a real news show.
He couldnt handle the real questions. Graham has lost credibility.
