Even some Obama insiders look back on the Russian retaliation with remorse http://wapo.st/2t1Ov1V  
And what did you and your leadership do to help, hmm?
They could not do anything remember when Obama said the GOP can come along but they have to get to the back of the bus. Obama would no lstn
That's reaching back to when Dems had Congress. Also, that quote was *after* GOP said they wanted to make Obama 1-term only as top priority.
You do realize up until 2014 the Dems had 2/3 of the Government so why did he never reach out to them after that spat. Never not once
McConnell used permanent filibuster from 2008 to 2014 to maintain control.
You're also deflecting. That has nothing to do with 2016.
And Trump still only now has his full cabinet the Dems are holding up other Nominees as we speak it is shameful at best and media says notng
There is no filibuster possible on nominees. The only thing holding this up is Trump's lazy lack of nominations and GOP.
Reid changed this in 2013 after getting sick of McConnell holding up even unobjectionable people.
Please, blame the "other guy" what is trump doing about it? Nothing.....
@washingtonpost Bashing Obama doesn't make your party any less pathetic.
If he had done something, you and your cronies would have lost your minds!  Be honest, you drove Clinton email issue into the ground!
Hope u are reading all the responses to this asinine tweet!! Get with it fool!! Americans are smarter than you fools!! Destroying USA!!
Current administration is the weakest, most unfit I have ever seen
What did @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan do when briefed along with the gang of eight?  #Mueller should question them as well. #RussianHacking
You'd rather bash Obama than show leadership and lead the fight against Putin. Why? Because Trump will not support that.
the current admin is tough or one of them?
If you were decisive, you'd be calling for impeachment. Now. But crickets.
He should of known the GOP wouldn't step up! Always party before Country:(
And support did Reps provide O ?  And I care nothing bout a Dem or Rep label.
And I have to say everyone makes mistakes, but least Obama did his best, with honour, dignity and the respect of the whole world! GOP liars
Trump tried to lift sanctions on Russia, his first day on the job.  He has tried to lift them at least 2 more times since then.
The only one that I see being WEAK and INDECISIVE is you Lindsey. Grow a pair and stop putting party over country.
Unbelievable! If @POTUS44 had told the country, you and fellow @SenateGOP @HouseGOP would have gone ballistic!
Your so much better than this Lindsey #InSearchOfRealLeaders
Was he really???  Now true colours showing! Corrupt greedy weasels GOP majority treating American people like mushrooms
Another smokescreen, another distraction to deflect from 45s subterfuge His people were meeting with Russians and making promises Blame game
Putin put Trump in office. Trump is an agent for Russia--he doesn't work for us. We need a strong Congress to help us take back the country
And the main beneficiary is the WH, what are you going to do about it?
What is 45 doing about it? Giving Russians code-word clearance, meeting with kisl in the oval, pushing for reduced sanctions...weak! sad!

Rep party proves the weakest. They refuse 2 investigate Russia involvement in our elections. Why? #Gowdy refuses 2 do his job.
#resist
Now is your opportunity to do something STRONG and DECISIVE. Don't miss this chance to serve our country, Senator.
Not a hope in hell, proving that GOP r power n money hungry,  GOP DEATHCARE bill proves only interested in lining own pockets. A  disgrace!!
@washingtonpost How in TF is this leadership? You rep a former slave state yet won't stop insulting our first AA POTUS.

So what's worse, Senator, what Obama didn't do then, or what Trump refuses to do, or say, now?
Call Graham to Vote No on#ACHA

He did more than you're doing...
Don't be a . Damned if you do, damned if you don't.  Shall we rehash your laundry list of decisions with piss poor results?
You do realize #McConnell #Ryan were going 2 make this an indictment against #Obama 4 political leverage. Stop excusing your party 
#resist
Better than your cult leader Trump. Hes not doing anything.
Think you misspelled c__t Trump lol
If he would have done just one of the 100 asinine things said or done by this prez!!! How do you even sleep at night!! Thought u were good!
civility in the minds of cowardly republicans!! Ask your self what you would be screaming if it was a dem prez!!! Impeachment for him!
You're weak.
Shame on you all for letting this prez run amuck!! Stand up for your country... not the idiot running it!
Sad your party comes before all
Why don't you put a leash on your boss and worry about this admin! You're all the same!! Thought you might be different but NO!!
And how would you describe McConnell's response when Obama was asking for bipartisan support?
Let's keep focused on TREASON of current president.  Has he done one thing to protect Americans? Has he sought to stop Russian hackers? NO
Instead of looking back and criticizing. Look forward AND DO SOMETHING. If you don't you are a greedy, unpatriotic, corporate mouthpiece!
Oh poor Lindsay, is it giving you the vapors?
"They were WEAK and INDECISIVE to the bitter end."

If that's all you got out of it, then you are seriously disingenuous, if not impaired.
Not true. Obama cares about our democracy. Dt is, and has been, sabotaging it.
Maybe but at least they admit it happened.So far Trump hasn't & therefor has done nothing to stop it from happening again.
And the R's knew about it and did nothing as well.
and Trump? oh please get a grip, anyone who endorses Trump should do some soul searching/cleansing
Its over. Hes gone. You have the house, senate and presidecy. Stop the Obama talk and get things done already.
Your comments are infuriating.  Deal with the present.  Your party put Trump in office.  He is mentally ill.  Article 25.  Use it.
Do something NOW.  Stop pointing your finger at Obama.  The buck stops with you now.  Get the insane POTUS out of office.
Just when I started to respect you. 1) you go and out your head up your ass like always
Why don't you do something now?
Yet you still are ok, somehow with the #WannabDickTraitor or #TrumpCartelWH giving admiration to any other dictatorship! #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK
How dare you?
That was your takeaway, Lindsey? Really?
Get a grip man.
No comment abt how @SenateMajLdr got into a partisan argument abt next steps? As with Trumpcare, he clearly puts party/rich over the nation!
Is this the only schtick you have? Attacking Obama isn't addressing problem at hand. Focus on the country instead of your party for a change
So what is the CURRENT President going to do about it?
At least Pres Obama CARED that USA was under attack by Russia. Your Leader could not care less & approves foreign assault on our democracy.
You are just the worst.


WHAT ARE U NOW DOING ABOUT IT??? TALK ABOUT WEAK PLUS UNAMERICAN!!!!!!!!
SUCH HYPOCRITS ALL!!!! DISGUSTING!!!
This is the beginning of the end for YOU!
Phony ass Christian
Oh yeah like you wouldn't have cried election interference on him, please we see though you
As opposed to the GOP with Trump at the helm who denied it ever happened altogether?
BEYOND BELIEF HYPOCRITICAL. REPUBLICANS SUPPORT A PRESIDENT WHO WON'T ADMIT IT HAPPENED.  EVEN HELPED RUSSIA "MEDDLE". WHAT'S THAT CALLED?!
They thought HRC was running away w it.  So the Russian meddling wasn't a big deal. Ordinary stuff.
Really dude? You've got no new plays other than attacking Obama?
As Fickle as you are, I've Noticed you don't know difference between Sickem or ComeHither...You are loyal to Trump & GOP Party..PERIOD!
Wait, weren't you supporting in a decisive way the guy Putin wanted elected ?
You calling someone weak and indecisive is really rich, Linds.  Really.  Fucking.  Rich.
You're weak! It took all of month, for you to jump on the Trump bandwagon! Toughen up & protect your citizens instead of criticizing Obama.
And your GOP President believes the Russian meddling us fake news. Your move, Senator.
Lindsay - you're bought by special interests, and have no morals. Quit being a hypocrite. South Carolinians know you.
Weak - someone who won't stand up to Trump. Indecisive - you change your mind on Trump every other day. Look in the mirror!
& THE @GOP r traitors til the bitter end. 44 messed up but your party continues to hand over our country to Russia by enabling 45 gleefully.
They were indecisive because the pressure your party and your candidate put on the country in 2016
The only 'bitter end' is yours. You failed as a legislator, leader, & Patriot, and you are STILL FAILING. Take a seat, Clown
You're a moral pipsqueak
If you had a spine you would have stood up and not let McConnell thwart action that would Alert ALL of us to the ongoing attack. Sit Down
Lol and Republican MoCs enabled it!
Better than being a Putin lickspittle...
Is that what you read into it I read about a man that didn't want to upset a very fragile situation I think you do too,honorable also.


Ex-Obama official: The same Republicans criticizing Obama for Russia response are stalling Russia sanctions http://hill.cm/uVc64sz  
So let's make sure his successor does better! So far- it's a total disaster.
Not nearly as weak as current Republican response.
"current Republican response" aka collusion & capitulation.
It might be time to dial back the partisan rhetoric Senator Graham. If you care about the future of your country. Please.
clueless till the end. Draw a line and have plan about what to do if your bluff is called. Looking good on TV is not policy
I guess you skipped the part that said the GOP was obstructive at every turn.
It's your turn to do something about it now.
You do realize we call y'all our Do Nothing Repub House n Senate, don't you?
So what are you? You've allowed trump to dismantle democracy, shame on you!
Stop blaming others for what you, the Pussygrabbers have done! Sick of the nonsense!
You ain't Kidding!!!
What do you think of the healthcare bill mr graham
At least O met the man and stared him down.  Your boy is grinning and kissing Putins ass
You promised us you would not vote for cutting medicare for tax cuts for the rich multiple times. At least Obama wasn't a liar or thief!
As compared to say... the current administration's reaction to it?
Shame on you Lindsey Graham. Shame shame shame you have brought us Trump and our biggest disgrace.
Nice Trumpian use of caps though. Hypocrite.
WAPO #fakenews
Our sacred nation colluded with our 100yr old enemy and sold us out to the Russians...you are blaming the Democrats? #Hypocrisy #Betrayal
GOP refused to condemn Russia when Obama asked for it.  GOP refused to vote on Syria when Obama asked for it.  Stop rewriting history.
But Mitch and Donald are here to save the day?
Did @realDonaldTrump write this tweet for you? Please don't take up his delusional vindictive behavior. You're better than this ...
@washingtonpost @TabberAnn
If ur gonna tag Lindsey u need to tell him 2stop enabling trump n vote NO ON AHCA NO CUT MEDICAID N MEDICARE!!!!!
Tough talk, little man.
Mr. Graham, comments like this are sinking your party and credibility. You opposed Trump and now you don't.  That can be viewed as weak, no?
Also, why are you not calling out the GOP leader for being WEAK? At least the Obama admin can admit it was not handled well. How bout you?
So you're saying Obama couldn't stand up to McConnell? Those who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
What were Ur contributions? You were & are in the Senate. You have Access to Intel. McConnell & Ryan said No. 20Jao17,Hmm?
And the Trump Administration is pro-Russia. Please continue your diligent protection of American democracy from outside influence.
Lindsey, honey: they lost. Move on. Do something to *help* the ppl of #rural #southCarolina and oppose #ahca.
Are you racist Mr. Graham? Are you actually cutting down a man with integrity who you served under while now serving under Bozo the  Booooo
Cheap shot, Lindsey. @SenatorJMcCain
Be careful about glass houses there Lindy. Take responsibility for your boys unwillingness to acknowledge the biggest threat - and it ain't
ISIS!!
If he had acted more broadly you would have argued that he manipulated the election. It was a lose/lose for him and now for us because Trump
That is a mean thing to say. Too bad you can't see good in president Obama. Shame on you!
But Trump never mentions Russian meddling & continues to speak favorably about Putin -has seen Russian diplomats in Oval Off #TrumpRussia
Don't you think people are tired of the divisive rhetoric?
how do you live with yourself?  You know damn well as well as all of us what went down and you are complicit
The architect of Russia Trump criminal conspiracy was none other than Mitch McConnell. Had no idea u were involved as well.
And what is your stance? Do you find yourself STRONG and DECISIVE?
I look at as with the previous Russian propaganda aimed at Obama, he had no good choice. The Republicans, on the other hand had a choice to
put country first and come out with a statement, but they failed. And you continue to fail blaming Obama instead of doing your best.
Just shut up. You've had your nose too far up Trump's butt to make that statement. What's Obama's headcount on bringing down terrorists?
You guys are the weak ones so stop bringing up @BarackObama . He's no longer in that WH.
About the Russian All bark but not bite..You guys keep giving this man passes for the foolishness he's doing and saying .
@LindseyGrahamSC what about your current president and his administration. Bunch of loonies and liars .Tell trump to his face do something .
Meanwhile Pres Trump is a fan of Putin & is being investigated for business and political ties to Russia! Focus on clear & PRESENT danger
What exactly are YOU doing? From what I can see absolutely nothing. Really classy going after former admin when this one is a train wreck.
Yea, and what do you say about Trump's non-action to the hacking, etc.?  I say complicit!!!!
Kind of like the GOP after the election.
C.I.A.  Briefs the Gang of Eight in August.  That's your branch of government.  Yet you did nothing too, blames a fickle mistress
Wow. Very helpful commentary
Obama wasn't assertive enough, but it's also crystal clear that the GOP were too stupid & partisan to help protect the nation. So now what?
& had they responded forcefully the Right would have pilloried them for helping Clinton and rallied even more for Trump. No-lose for Russia
Shouldn't you be reading the healthcare draft? When are you going to stop criticizing the last administration? Do your job.
lol k to the present and get your Rep president to sprak out against Putin! You are better than this- stand tall
Let's look back on this administration in a few years and see what we think, shall we?
Is this an admission of truth about collusion and if so ...how long have you known ?
Agreed Obama could do more to help Hillary. U would complaint more. Now u know. What would u & GOP do? Side with the enemy? Sell out to Rus?
Kinda like Republicans now...
You would have whined had he said or done anything.  You and yours are the problem.
Weak, indecisive and incompetent in stylish well spoken way sprinkled witho puesdo-intellect is the Obama way.
"They were WEAK and INDECISIVE to the bitter end" A barefaced LIE,
Please look to the future, not in the past!!! #Trump does #blamegame well. YOU hold an office, what are YOU now doing?
An attack on democracy isn't an attack on one party. And by continuing this rhetoric- you are complicit.
@GOP and @SenateMajLdr were manipulative.  You have misrepresented the information, Senator.
Let's not cry over spilt milk!  @POTUS  @realDonaldTrump need to keep Obama sanctions and add even more!
Don't believe so, suspect it was more about the semblance of influencing an election...which in hindsight most in the GOP are in favor of.
Perhaps you'd prefer denying it entirely, a là Trump
What will you do if WH and GOP controlled House undermine bipartisan senate Russian sanctions? Blame it on 44? Please respond
... when the Obama admin approached senate n @SenMajLdr didn't believe it n said they were playing politics? What do U have say?
Yeah! Like when Obama said " I hope the Russians hack HRC's emails"!

Oh wait, that was Trump. NVM.
may be weak or could say didn't want to play into the hands of Russia, but what is the current admin and the congress doing? Did u read...
Because you, your Republican colleagues and that nut job in the White House are so strong in the subject. All you do is obstruct the truth
Lindsey, what are you doing to expose the truth?
It took real balls for you to put this out there. #GOPComplicit #GOPCoverUp #MindlessSycophants #GreedOverPeopleParty
One of these days the GOP won't be able to push everything off on President Obama so you better prepare yourself.
Try and stay current please...
How about the Trump Administration's reaction? Thanks, Vlad, how can I return the favor, buddy?
@washingtonpost Senator,and you're not? Both parties in Washington are doing NOTHING about Russia. Fight amongst yourselves
Trumps MO is do opposite of Obama... so why same action on Russia?       he is going down
Lindsay... Trump has done ZERO so he would be doing less than Obama... correct.... just want to be factual and forward looking.. trump nada
Not as weak as the GOP supporting a possible traitor to lead them... Lets not mince words... That's the weakest shit since Watergate.
AND, Trump thinks the whole thing is ridiculous! 
@realDonaldTrump  Wow! Trump is planning on admitting there was meddling and taking a hard line! #believeitwheniseeit
Do something stronger and more decisive. Impeach Tangerine Tojo.
"Hoping" Trump will take it seriously is about as weak a response as you could come up with.
Do something NOW. #WTF.
Can't wait for your bitter end.
Also glad you find the fruits of a Russian cyberattack sitting in the Oval "interesting".
How does this help S.C. now? Russia attacked us and the GOP's response is to steer, distract and obstruct an honest investigation.
You are truly the peanut gallery. Would you have supported stronger action at the time? Doubtful.
Your CORRUPT speaker @SenateMajLdr threatened to deny it,call it a political stunt. Buy a mirror, take a look&take resp. for your part in it
If so, PLEASE don't make the same mistakes! Why does our president DENY Russia's involvement?
Obama put sanctions in place as a start to punish Russia. What have you and Trump done since? Besides wanting to lift sanctions?
Maybe...but wasn't it Mitch McConnell who told Obama he'd scream *partisanship* if Obama said anything about Russia?
I'm sure you and your buds would go overkill. Invade! Invade! Invade!
How would you describe @POTUS who denies Russia meddled in elections? Get real. Stand up to #Trump.
Trump has done zero with Russia!
What has been Trump's response?
