ESPN removes announcer Robert Lee from Virginia game, and nobody looks good. https://yhoo.it/2wE5GaT  
You would know. Please get a head scan - you need meds. Thanks for not supporting monuments which started this. Just resign.
Dude, did you see the Prez talk last night?  You have much bigger problems than ESPN announcers, please go do your job...
President was awesome
Who would have thought that ESPN would out-dumb Trump.
I smell a lawsuit that ESPN doesn't need!!
What????
Will a ban on Stone Walls be next?
Yes just stipid.
Stupid, makes no sense Lee is Asian.
South Carolina hit rock bottom when you were elected time for you to resign, or get behind and support our president
You know, focusing on this non-issue is rather nonsensical.  Did you notice that the Prez is creating havoc and dissension?  Did you notice?
What is wrong with this world?  The media types have gone crazy!
This is absolutely sick thinking, prejudice minded, aloof Americans taking control, send they abroad and close the gate!
Agree it's ridiculous but everyone is on pins & needles with high anxiety & it's because you are enabling this fool. Get a grip!
You should talk, you're enabling the weakest president in the history of our country. #weaksadenabler #pudgylindsay
Damn shame 
I agree but the other Confederate white supremacist idols need to go. Let's not obscure the real issues with shiny objects.
You are kidding on the dumb idea thing right? ... Right? #tellmeyouarebeingsarchasticplease
Dumber idea is Trump as a President.
You have bigger problems than this, buddy.  Stay focused.
...then Trump gets elected. But hey! Here is the Republican Party's chance to show money doesn't buy politicians. Haha like that's happening
You libtardmod progressive GOP ers let it happen ! U R not listening 2 we the ppl U R protecting ur own selfish interests !WAKE UP MAN
Monumentally ridiculous.
Funny how you're concerned about this and not Trumps very disturbing rally
Graham can't let go of the very dog whistling that sowed the seeds for Trump. Disgraceful.
I thought the same thing when you publicly blasted our @POTUS the first time. But then you kept hitting the bottom. Shameful
@realDonaldTrump is no #POTIS. He always has & always will be a #SHOWMAN.
And apparently this is more important for you to comment on than POTUS deranged speech in Phoenix.
THIS is what you're worried about when Trump said last night he would shut down gov't if he can't waste taxpayers money on useless wall?
Sir, you are facing organization that considers  your SOLDIER an "ENEMY"that ORGANIZATION rewards Lies& treasons, any thinking about Hate?!
IMPEACH TRUMP THE NAZI NOW! #
Keeping Trump in WH is ROCK BOTTOM for Republicans.  Going to pay at the polls for sure.  I will note vote R again.
Nah, just look down Pennsylvania ave.... to the White House....some of the dumbest shit in the world coming out of there
It's fake news
OK, I'm a liberal and think that generally the monuments should be moved to museums but this is ridiculous. Seriously.
NOTHING IS MORE ROCK BOTTOM THAN WHAT's IN THE WH.
I've seen your health care bill it's actually worse than this terrible idea.
Make it stop!
I know how your re election is important to the PARTY but if u don't rid us of TRUMP there may not be a party or country to get re elected 2
Just when Trump hits rock bottom with speech in Phoenix .. GOP leadership does nothing! Pls keep your eye on the truly important issues
GET TRUMP OUTgrab your boys and write something
POTUS holds a rally and you really see dumbness, mean, unhinged spoken and the GOP defends it?????
This has to stop
Lindsey, Obama gave you permission to free speak?
Just when we think we have hit rock bottom, the loons put you back in office. Resign, retire, whatever, but leave office.
I'm sorry but this is kind of a first world problem in terms of news from the last few weeks when we have a POTUS who seems to be a madman.
Don't you have anything better to hissyfit about?
Oh those stupid millennials.  The education system is corrupt.  That's were it all starts.
Yes it is. Our Dear Leader still needs to be impeached.
...You realize @LindseyGrahamSC is still a senator
I'm glad he won just because it shows the years of lies you been telling is out in open. The lies that make trump popularity> @GOP .
Not as dumb as solar panels on the wall. Now that's dumb.
We hit ROCK bottom every time you get reelected!
You are the poster boy for term limits!
#doyourjoborgetoutoftheway
Well, that is dumb.
U're forgetting a young woman by name of Heather Heyer was murdered by white supremacists defending statue of Lee,ESPN was considering that
Don't you have better things to ponder today, Senator Graham?
How about impeaching the nut in the house Lindsey?
Aren't there more pressing issues you should be focusing on? Like advocating sending our kids to fight for land we can never hold?
ESPN brass to meet in Appomattox to discuss terms of surrender.
ITS gone too far this craziness.  ONE one cares and the Left is making them self look crazy. If they keep Atifa and BLM they will lose seats
I think you should be speaking out about DT's dumb ideas!
Second only to your support of Donald Trump. Wow, you could have had a V-8.
Do you have nothing more important than this to discuss???
Maybe you should worry more about the President?
Bwahaha! Although I agree with you, I'd say the gop has hit rock bottom with backing Trump. This will haunt repubs forever!
I seriously think it should be against the law for gop to criticize anything stupid from anyone ever again!
When Lindsey is bashing on @espn you know they are really having a bad day
I hope Robert Lee sues the fools!!!
Yes this is stupid but could you please focus on the mad man we have in the oval office?  Thanks, America
Yeah, man, I thought we hit rock-bottom when we elected @realDonaldTrump , but we just keep on sliding lower. Crazy, right?
Stop feeding this base bullshit. Fix the ACA and impeach your stupid president. Lindsey just when I like you, you break my heart.
ROCK BOTTOM? dumb ideas?
We're already there...
#TrumpPence and #NazisInTheWhiteHouse.
Start paying more attention and
#DoSomethingGOP
Ummm. Kind of old news.
The Left makes seeing who can be the dumbest a challenge
This is 5 stars stupid, I'll grant you that, but the President is a dangerous lunatic, which is far more important and distressing
Girl, the fact that you're tweeting about this as an important 'news story' instead of infrastructure or taxes or VA support says a lot.
Speaking of dumb ideas, Lindsay, why are you NOW complementing Trump for his foreign policy? The man is insane
Yeah, me too...when Trump announced he was running for President...and here we are today!
Sir, liteterally this is not even on the radar of insanity happening on your watch. Please go do your job and protect the constitution.
Goons defaced a statue of Christopher Columbus. Same goons could deface an ESPN broadcaster of Asian descent. Guess it's a safety issue. Sad
Rock bottom? Dude, you Republican asshats are digging deeper every day. We'll hit the end in Nov. 2018. #Blue2018 #VoteBlue2018 #VoteDem2018
I think we hit rock bottom Nov 8th 2016  everything since then  is just an echo of our collision with reality #batshitcrazy
well have you seen what is in the white house.. we hit rock bottom a few months ago..
While it's stupid , rock bottom is you doing nothing about the madman in the Oval Office 
Really? That's gets your attention? What about our #unhinged and #UnfitPotus?
You must have not heard the Trump speech last night.....
More on that story. No PC efforts. We hit Rock Botton w/ a Prez that creates an atmosphere where this is necessary.
Just received this email from an ESPN executive re the Robert Lee controversy. 
Seriously I think you've become the #VoiceOfReason! And this from a DEMOCRAT! 
We may differ on a few things but at least you're not wacky!
Wacky? The guy's a complete idiot trolling for Dem votes. Icky.
Don't worry Senator, our president will make sure we keep exploring how deep the bottom is in that category.
We will remember how you have trivialized the maniac in the WH, sat by and done absolutely nothing to stop this.
Wishful thinking. As long as Trump is president, a new bottom will be hit every day.
Yes it is stupid. being liberal is good and all, but that is just silly lol.
Erroneous I'm afraid. TRUE rock bottom for dumb ideas is shutting down the federal government to force a border wall. @realDonaldTrump
This is one of the dumbest things I've read in a year full of the dumbest things!
While trump is president we are far from at rock bottom in terms of dumb.
All in the 'name' of #Stupidity!
Yes, it's dumb.  Can you think of something else more deserving of your commentary this morning?  Think hard.
I would say this applies as well to everything @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS does.  When are you going to stand up to this insanity.  #GrowASpine
And then @realDonaldTrump was elected as President
#ImpeachTrump and the carousel of insanity will stop, hopefully before he incites more violence.  He is not well.
Unimaginable
The fish rots from the head Lindsay. How would you know being the tail?
You bozos started this with the all sides remarks and letting him go on and on do your job
Are you God Damn kidding me. How childish is this! If this country erases its history it will be destined to repeat it!! It has gone to far
@YahooSports I'm pretty sure rock bottom of dumb ideas was electing #trump president.
Sen, what did you think of the speech last night? No mention of sailors killed or no well wishes for John McCain .Truly pathetic& psychotic
Forget the statues! What r you doing to end America's surreal Trump nightmare?
I'd agree with you but there are some people arguing that we should attack North Korea.
Way to take a stand on something.
Rock bottom - as in this presidency??
On this we agree
This is ROCK BOTTOM? You are actually commenting on this after that performance put on by Trump????????????????? Shame shame shame

I'd urge you to read the email from ESPN explaining the situation.  Makes much more sense than it appears.
The guy just didn't want to be tied up in all that Robert E. Lee KKK bullshit.
REALLY, LINDSEY? You are not a very astute guy, are you?
Lindsey Gram, tear that statue down! Or just throw it out like ESPN.
Senator, I'm positive there are better uses for your time than this.
It would be really good if you looked at ESPN's announcement about it, including how Robert Lee voluntarily SWITCHED GAMES
ESPN had already started receiving memes/jokes/comments on the subject and ASKED Robert Lee if he would SWITCH games.
Lindsey. We've been at rock bottom ever since Trump got elected and now we are digging to China.
Really? You have an unhinged narcissistic man-child in the White House and NOW you think we've hit rock bottom??
Thats not why they switched. It wasnt to be pc. It was to help the poor young announcer avoid being an internet joke all day of game.
See what you supporting trump has fond to our country? Trump emboldens and craziness and the crazies cone out from beneath the stairwells!
Has done to our country and crazies have come out!
America hit bottom with 45,A damn THUG IS PLAYING POTUS!Acting like giving PARDON'S is a damn SUPER POWER!THE HILL HAS FAILED SHAME ON U ALL
Just when you think we've hit ROCK BOTTOM in  the White House......
No. The GOP & Priebus wooing Trump to run as Republican & allowing him in debates WAS rock bottom in very bad & stupid ideas.
Agreed, but @POTUS delivers a blisteringly divisive angry speech & this is the issue with which you choose to voice your immediate concern?
Just when you think you've hit ROCK BOTTOM in terms of dumb ideas, Donald Trump holds a "rally" in Phoenix and vilifies the free press.
Naw. Trump is still president. Give him a second.
Ben Carson's house was vandalized and he was called a House N**** one of the most insulting names Blacks can call Blacks.
Chappelle Nadal wished Gov Greitens was killed in Auschwitz. No one has said anything. I am appalled and I am a Christian.
We are descending into full fascism mode with the left. Gov Greitens, a Jew and a Navy Seal was sent a tweet by Chappelle Nadal of Auschwitz
Read their press release. It was a sound decision made way to protect the announcer.
Your @POTUS has definitely sunk lower, hun. Bless your heart.
I agree this is stupid but please do your job & find a way to save us from the unhinged real Trump and stop praising the scripted one
We've hit rock bottom with @realDonaldTrump
we elected Trump. that is rock bottom
With everything going on ... this is what prompts a tweet?
Seriously this is what is on the top minds of our US senators, did you not watch the lunacy from the White House last night
No I think the ACHA did that awhile back!
Rick bottom is your idea to continue to work under the leadership of a madman! #ManySidesAreWatching #VeryFinePeopleWantYouToDoYourJob
trump opens his mouth again
I'm sorry to have to say that this is pandering to those who want to wash away the past that doesn't fit in with current ideas
Like making Trump the GOP nominee?
Sorry Graham, nothing is or will be more ROCK BOTTOM then you and your party still supporting Trump.
This is the most ridiculous....no words honestly.
Here is something for you to do.
i agree. but when are YOU going to stand up &  say our POTUS is not stable & incompetent to be President. Didn't last night's lies scare u?
i'm sure @realDonaldTrump will outdo this one soon
You mean like making @BetsyDeVosED EdSec?
#25thAmendmentNow
You know what's a dumb idea? Supporting donald trump after he played the hell out of you on twitter
Using the word "rock" suggests strength and encroaches on my safe space. Please consider diff language or provide a trigger warning!
That's just stupid. Even those of us who would like to see the monuments removed. No one is arguing for hardworking people to lose jobs.
He didn't lose his job-?
The surname Lee/Li is among the world's most common.
If there was any doubt Trump is crazy, he removed it last night in Phoenix.
Your, never ending, support of DT adds to KEEPING this country at rock bottom. Put country over party & help end this! Be a hero PLEEEASE!
You really should stop tweeting, because you're just making yourself look bad.
Robert E Lee was a traitor to the USA and fought fought to keep slavery he's not a hero
3/
ESPN is becoming unwatchable anyway
@LindseyGrahamSC Think before you tweet, senator. You're starting to remind me of @realDonaldTrump. /2
When will you rep leaders fight back? Your letting the left destroy this country. Because your scared!
You are rock bottom, ineffective for many years, sore loser, back our president for the short time u have left.
Wow. Just wow. Disappointed in you, again!  #trumpUnhinged2017
Yup dumb
@LindseyGrahamSC perhaps if you did a bit of research before you spouted off on Twitter, you would have seen the reasons from ESPN. 1/
And you give words of support to @realDonaldTrump 
Go figure.
Just when you think Trump has hit ROCK BOTTOM in terms of dumb statements, lies and advanced narcissism... last night happens.
watching too much CNN and listening too Washington establishment Senators, who has become snowflakes.
i'm sure our 'leaders' have a few left especially since the recent ramping up of profiteering. #FakeLeadership
Priority: the GOP Congress is propping up a dangerous lunatic in the White House--long past time to act responsibly #oathofoffice
Let me finish this for you.  ..."you support Trump."  How's that?
And the kicker is that he's an Asian-American!
THIS is the rock bottom of dumb ideas:
The dumbest PC decision to date.

ESPN decision made sense, if you read their justification.
No it does not! Imagine if that were you. This man's name should NOT be a trigger for anyone listening to him announce a stinking FB game!
Did you read ESPN response. It was not to avoid triggers.
This is what we get from politicians that lack courage but need to speak to feel relevant. As the clown would say,  "sad"
Dumb idea rock bottom was reached when we elected our current leader. Nothing has eclipsed that yet.
