Good! It's not only to destroy nuclear weapons but save & free citizens in North Korea!
@POTUS also understand it very well!
#MAGA & #MJGA
Love how non-military people talk so tough.  His words are reckless.  Only diplomacy is an option at this point.
and Rex Tillerson when he is in tune with Gen. Mattis.
Then please enlist now so you can go fight. Do not throw away my grandchildren's lives for another useless war
Yes, all who support war please enlist or volunteer on the front lines.
I presume US has been testing anti-missile weapons from aircraft carriers and ships near North Korea.
No words can express the corruption here #warmonger                         bandwagon, feed your donors #sold
Bill Clinton gave NK nuke power. So thank Bill Clinton. Wonder how much Clinton's made on that deal???
"Putin will see this as a sign of weakness." --- @LindseyGrahamSC on @realDonaldTrump's signing Russian Sanctions Bill behind closed doors.
To invade illegally & murder pillage NK like Iraq/ Libya? Graham needs to be sent to NK first. Let him lose his life not the lives of others
Can I trust Trump's Oath of Office if I can't trust anything he says? S Miller @ WH briefing!!! "The White house is a dump" CRAZY! #Day194.
@LindseyGrahamSC  Again, the hiding. Y'all hiding behind Dems and even dt. You know good & damn well he's not capable of doing sh*t on NK.
Bad move Graham.  Let the generals and the foreign relations experts handle North Korea.  You have enough to handle with psycho president.
LindseyGraham is talking Insanity about attacking NKorea.Diplomacy is only option to avert massive destruction in SKorea

that is a FALSE premise, there is always a CHOICE. How many nuclear missiles does the US possess? Not a few I reckon. Sick policies of US
Hey angry Kate why didn't you question them about giving the same ultimatum to Obama it's a little late now
@LindseyGrahamSC this guys is another Christian nut job yous happy to bring "the rapture" on through nuclear war. Piss off.
I hope you are going to lead the charge Lindsey. Easy to start a war from your armchair isn't it?
@LindseyGrahamSC God, it's like that scene in Braveheart!  
You should change your avatar to Genocide Graham.
You are a money grubby war hawk $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Over here you caused a problem. Let the POTUS handle this matter. The U.S. Congress and President's failed for years.
Sir the only voice the American people will listen to is not multiple Senator opinion, or the Pres. It is only Gen.Mattis who has the say.
To late, previous administrations handed them over already!
@LindseyGrahamSC @CNN Lindsey, the pigs are flying when I agree with you. I feel kinda funny. 
Truth. 3 parties now: Dems, Rep, Trump. Working together is the best result. And normally don't like you very much, but you're reasonable
The only way to stop our slide into militant authoritarianism and oligarchy / kleptocracy.  #Congress our last hope... #Resist
@LindseyGrahamSC @gop We all know you know there's a damn disaster in the WH. Maybe stop hiding behind it & DO SOMETHING about it.
Mr.Graham: Why did Trump call Putin before signing. When you entered government did you realize you would have criminal president&collusion?
@LindseyGrahamSC Warmongering on behalf of Lockheed-Martin = Choosing Violence & Death to bolster South Carolina's economy.
@china I buy a lot of your stuff. Why would you back up a lunatic KJU. You testing missile's. This guy threatening USA. Omg. China boycott!
Their last missile test was in the path of a commercial airliner. Over 300 lives could've been lost. We know their disregard for human life.
@LindseyGrahamSC Wish you would accept some kind of position in @realDonaldTrump administration to get you lying ass out of the Senate.
Don't be troubled, do something about Donald Trump! Take action if you really do love this country or just shut up!
Trump sickly criticized Obama 4 being weak and look @ him now, pathetic. We're just about 2 get nuked by NK and Trump is doing sh*t about it
I'm thinking secretly sink N Korean submarines
Pass repeal Obamacare si he doesn't have to divide his attention. Otherwise. Your cellphone number gets unmasked again
Well you need to be more specific for Trump-homeland can mean Russia to him.
WHAT THE HECK ARE YOU SMOKING?? WE DON'T WANT WAR WITH RUSSIA, NORTH KOREA, MIDDLE EAST...PERIOD! I DON'T CARE THAT ALL YOU WANT IS LOBBY $$
You, McCain and your war mongers....you would have our soldiers dying, economy a mess, but your pockets would be richly lined. SHAME ON YOU!
Your comment take out N Korea, good example of why Congress needs term limits!
How about doing something about Trump's lack of leadership ? Do something about that. Do something about health care
You must be kidding, The Worm went over to play basketball. Watch the movie before you flip your lips https://www.amazon.com/Dennis-Rodmans-Big-Bang-Pyongyang/dp/B017T71TE2 …
To you commie's that keep crying be diplomatic the time for that is over. It doesn't work never has never will with them.
I often disagree with you (as a Berniecrat); but, I appreciate your objectivity and independence.
Silly. Can only hit Alaska and it would be blown out of air well in advance of that.
Stop provoking war- what is wrong with you?
I don't trust Lindsey Graham he's colluding with CNN the No Creditably network
Well that will be difficult since he can't even wipe his ass.
North Korea has nukes, can level Seoul with conventional weapons, and has the backing of China. Diplomacy is the only option.
We attack north Korea and China comes to their aide. I think China could be setting a trap. They've been in a war stance against us.
Let's see - CNN will twist this around to say - Republicans want a war or now colluding with North Korea now. @GOP @POTUS
So YOU NEED TO DO Something as well to convince him to do the right thing
How do you suggest we go about this Mr Graham? Talk is cheap. Are you suggesting a pre-emptive military action?
Need to support Sec of State Tillerson in this matter w diplomatic approach to N Korea. Also maybe Trump can sign sanctions bill.
It's like history repeating itself... Korean War ? There are lessons there. Not to mention Vietnam, Iraq, Afghanistan.
should he be foolish enough to attack the US or S. Korea or Japan.
Kim Jung-un knows full well that we can turn N. Korea into glass within five minutes,
But he could do the same to SK or Japan
I know read my full comments.
It appears that we may have to go with a  MAD ("Mutually Assured Destruction") policy that began with the Cold War & has worked to date.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS lindsey is 100% right on this! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN #MAKEAMERICASAFEAGAIN
@LindseyGrahamSC is a hawk.
More like a vulture
Media darling doing his fund raising via interviews.
I agree.
It is vital/all other options than war be considered. There is still lots of time. War will bring a disastrous outcome to S. and N. Korea.
...and the loss of many American soldiers .
Very important point you make. Deep thought/wisdom needed right now. Frantic action now will produce a disaster.
We haven't gone to war with Russia, Pakistan, China & they have nuclear weapons. Lindsey Graham too bent toward war.
The War Monger better known as @LindseyGrahamSC
Doubt that will happen.
