I thought any president in their last year was a lame duck. 45 is the lamest of all. 
not confirming a nominee for over a year also changed precedent. Grow up.
Time for him to leave anyway
what about Merrick Garland. It was okay when the Republicans did it! Gorsuch is a travesty to Justice!
what Repubs did was changing 200 yrs of precedent by no hearing  on garland
Senator Schumer's following precedent by blocking him. After all, it is the last year of the pres's term.
Hope you're right. We can't do four years of this. Keep thinking even if not impeached, he might just quit (no fun)
Way things are going with Putin, he could very well "fall" out a window.
Presidency is under investigation. NO SC nomination should be taken up until admin is cleared.
You mean like Merrill Garland? You're such a bitter old queen.
*Merrick
I'm a NYS voter, no more votes for - @SenSchumer
@SenSchumer Chuck should pay attention to his upstate constituents and sprt Trump more,@realDonaldTrump !!
And we thought Harry Reid was a disgrace!
What did McConnell do when he refused a hearing on Garland?  What comes around goes around.  Fair isn't it
Merrick Garland is my retort.
oh, like leaving SCOTUS seat vacnt 4 yr in hopes of a Rep? When will u guys get it-PEOPLE OVER PARTY!
Funny, that's what the GOP did for seven years. How does it feel?
Your hypocrisy is truly laughable right now. Where's the fire...oh, right the WH is on fire!
please stop pretending there was any rationale or honor behind what you did to Garland.
Judge Garland. 293 days. No hearing.
Would you expect anything different from a political hack like @SenSchumer?
Gorsuch should be filibustered until Something done about Garland!  McConnell = wrong & evil!
wasn't the absence of a judge after scalia's death unprecedented? hypocrite much?
One of the rare times I actually agree with you!
Hello pot. Meet kettle.
wait, aren't you the one trying to enact the nuclear option just to try to overturn roe v wade?
Weird. I thought that's what you guys did when you wouldn't hold a hearing for Garland.
How quickly they forget...
What the hell do you call what the R's did to Merrick Garland? He should have at least been voted on.Jerk
@TeamTrump @chuckschumer is another poster politician for TERM LIMITS! He's a disgraceTERM LIMITS!!!!!!!
Schumer quit fueling the wah crowd sucks when you don't have the majority Garland was a publicity stunt
We must impeach Alito, Thomas, Robert and GORSUCH for TREASON for Trump RUSSIANS
what about Garland? Didn't that change 200 years of precedent?
McConnell path inexorably leads to SCOTUS approvals only when same party holds POTUS & majority in Senate.
I have admired many of your principled stands of late but you are so wrong, and completely hypocritical on this. Plus...Russia.
NO to Gorsuch agenda of bigotry & unrealistic originalist philosophies undermining our rights/protections
We are still waiting for a hearing and vote on Garland.   Complete that task first , thereafter Gorsuch.
The Rep Party began changing long-standing precedent when Obama took offce THIS IS ON YOU. #MerrickGarland
No to even considering Obama's pick. Ok with pick from POTUS under possible FBI investigation. Hypocrite!
Says the man from the party that wouldn't even consider Obama's pick. That was racism.
The very reason we should drain the Swamp!
Rebuplicans need to grow a pair! Go nuclear on Judge. Say NO to "Independent" Commission . Democrats lost!
is he high? What the hell was the precedent set with Garland?
Stop calling it the nuclear option....it's the Kaine Option or the Kaine-Reid Option!
Lindsey I really like you but if you want to talk about breaks in precedent let's talk about DJT.
because he's determined to change this country to be a global non-country with no sovereignty
And yet precedent wasn't followed for Garland's nomination. Can't have it both ways.
Actually, he's saying that US citizens feel uncomfortable allowing #Trump nominate someone to a lifetime position considering his FBI case
No.  You reap what you sow.
Garland, anyone? Please!
because you stole our SCOTUS seat. That was the historical event.
you sound like Trump.  The hypocrisy is astounding.  History will remember this and you will not look good
As you deal with unpreSidented liar in WH for 230 years. BTW you promised to investigate the taPP?
to Dems ...April 4 and he is confirmed!!!! And nothing can be done !!
Quit it.  His adm. is illegitimate.  You had your chance with Garland.  Blame your Leader for the toxin.
No, Dems are responding to constituent feedback on a poor choice for SCOTUS! You should do same.
How many dirty tricks pulled and precendents overturned by GOP in just 2 months? Hypocrisy!

You are a hypocrite
Are you joking? Let me remind you of what @GOP did with Garland! #GarlandNotGorsuch
didn't your party start with this change of precedent by not even giving Garland a hearing? Hypocrites
What YOU and YOUR colleagues did by refusing to hold hearings for Garland changed 200 yrs of precedent.
And, you sowed the seeds by refusing to do your job regarding Merrick Garland.  Such grandstanding...zzzzz
And what was it by not voting EVER on Obama's appointee to the Supreme Court, for a year?? #RESIST
how about get answers on Russia before pushing through the nom?  This admin is illegitimate
YEs...and that's what you get with making the stupid no Judge Garland vote rule....
The sheer hypocrisy of this statement is Trumpian. @AmericaNewsroom @LindseyGrahamSC
why don't you go away, you are a detriment to the Republican party.
spot on with interview on fox. Let Obamacare fail is better and with the nomination of Gorsuch.  Kudos!
#MerrickGarland
@SenSchumer @SenateDems @GOP The Dems have become an Impotent party & R just obstructing. We see them.
but it was ok for republicans to do th same thing to Garland?
Dems set precedent that a POTUS in last year does not do that.
They are holding any ground they can, any way they can
you are better than this Senator. Remember #Garland? Be a leader. Be a #patriot. Country b4 party!
Why do we care?  Change rules and move on.  Filibuster should be for laws not appointments
bulllllllsssssshhhhhhiiiiiiitttttttt
merrick garland wasn't even given a hearing .....
Oh, come now. Who was the last SCOTUS which didn't need 60 votes?
.@AmericaNewsroom No @LindseyGrahamSC, he's not. Y'all did that when you REFUSED to even hold hearings for #MerrickGarland.
