Know what we do with the "unborn" chickens? Make omelettes.  Because they aren't chickens and don't have the same rights as chickens.
We eat full grown chickens, too.
But even chickens don't kill their young.
Nor should we kill ours.
The Constitution only gives rights to the BORN #DemForce #resist #TheResistance #RESISTANCE @MSNBC #MAGA
I'm guessing you wouldn't believe in killing yourself to model your strategy.

Or maybe you would.
Your views R synonymous with depression.
You need mental help. ASAP #DemForce #resist #TheResistance #RESISTANCE @MSNBC #gorsuch #MAGA
NOT loving the poorly educated is snobbery, at best.

Problem: You want govt-funded public education & DON'T love th people we're educating.
Straw man arguments like yours are made by the poorly educated. #DemForce #resist #TheResistance #RESISTANCE @MSNBC #maga
What do you know about love, John?
92 million+ homeless orphans in the world, at risk of starvation and death but you want your nose up in women's wombs, controlling them.
Women WELCOME far too many men 2 get right up near their wombs, which is how pregnancy occurs.
Not babies' fault.
No death penalty 4 babies!
God makes abortions happen .. DEAL WITH IT #DemForce #resist #TheResistance #RESISTANCE @MSNBC #MAGA
Abortion and miscarriage are different.
Causality is crucial.
Active killing vs passive death.
God makes all things happen.  Deal with it. #DemForce #resist #TheResistance #RESISTANCE @MSNBC #gorsuch #MAGA
I love everyone, including the poorly educated.  

Otherwise = Snobbery
Lindsay, when will women own their bodies and not men? Do women have the right to make laws about your body??
You have the Democratic right to vote and run for office. You're no slave. You have political right to PURSUE happiness, not to kill babies.
I can assure you that tens of millions of us will never cede the privacy rights of American women.
"Privacy rights" is a FLIMSY basis for a SUPPOSED "right" to KILL ANOTHER PERSON. It will not stand. #AMatterOfTime
You can't defend the rights of the unborn by suppressing the rights of the already-born. If you support children, provide them healthcare.
Or adopt. Or support reasonable sex ed standards. No one thinks abortion in itself is a good thing. These are painful decisions for all.
Many of the cases after 20 weeks involve health issues that would limit the life of the fetus.  Or inability to access services sooner.
So provide better access to Healthcare. Or to early intervention. Or to birth control. In essence, stop trying to defund Planned Parenthood.
You dont have the right. We are not going back. Sorry you arent God
#ProLife every day!
Pro-birth not pro-life. Graham and his voted time and again to starve the poor children and deny them shelter. And you support him!
You've got ass-backwards.
#NoGorsucks
Finish Russia investigation on Trump. 
The supreme court seat has been empty over a year because of YOU. 
Leave it empty.
#SC
Affluent women can always afford abortion Poor women cannot. There will be a rise in back alley abortions with Gorsuch.
How about doing something to help the innocent children in Syria?  All day, you have nothing to say about the attack????
Ugh stop using abortion to seal your cronyism and Plutocracy. Please...
How about no??? Remember not allowing President Obama to get a vote on a Supreme Court nomination.
God bless you Senator Graham! A true American patriot! No more abortion on demand (atleast not after 20 weeks)!
before we worry about the unborn fix the rights for those born @ACLU_NC @equalitync @PPFA
If you truly value life as you say, you would oppose the death penalty!! Just saying, pretty hypocritical...
Although I respect you Sen. Graham on many fronts, I am totally opposed to you on this issue. Women should have the right to choose...
Yes, force everyone to have babies and then take any money away that might help those babies.  Life only matter in the womb...dumbasses
What type of person does it make you supporting a POTUS decision or right to nominate who has lied, and such a low approval rating. #WTOP
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
Hey!  I've got an idea. How bout we take care of the children ALREADY here first?
Why waste time on Graham?  Such a disgrace on so many levels.
You just said when you win the White House, you have the right to appoint Supreme Court Justices. Tell this to President Obama .
Abstinence vs. sex education, removal of maternity care from basic ins. services and defunding of PlannedParenthood really helps, right?
I can assure you, you are done.
Why are you and your beliefs in my uterus which I should be the decision maker with my doctor on what is best for me.
They aren't born. Women are born - worry about their rights for once in your miserable life.
You blocked President Obama nominee 79 times. 79
Plus don't talk about caring about babies when your healthcare plan was gonna strip pediatric care.
And maternity care and remove millions of children from having health insurance.
Gorsuch voted to defend corporations' right to kill their own employees via negligence. how is this pro life?
What about the rights of women, LGBT and our working class? Hypocrites!
Republicans don't care about people who ARE born.
Once you're born and can disagree they're happy to starve you to death
"The unborn" is some creepy Orwellian phrasing that completely eliminates pregnant women and their rights from the conversation.
Funny, because the recent Republican push to eliminate maternity care as an essential benefit for insurance to cover was all about women
So basically, we're people when we have to pay for health insurance to care for fetuses, but not people when it comes to making decisions.
Nobody's rights are safe with people like @LindseyGrahamSC and @realDonaldTrump in power.
So you're admitting that you want your SCOTUS pick to legislate from the bench to overturn roe v wade?
Why is it ok for a Prez under criminal investigation to choose a supreme court justice but not ok for a Prez in his last year as president?
YOU worry about YOUR unborn ans let the rest of us worry about ours. Deal
The rights of the living breathing woman/wife/girlfriend etc ARE settled. #WeAreNotIncubators
Go use the nuclear option and get your man in, but after Trump and a few Senators are caught, don't complain when the Dems do it to you.
You will be dividing the country not uniting it.Taking down the Russians and Trump first could have united it, with a biparsian SCOTUS after
YES, THEY HAVE. Fetuses do not have rights. WOMEN do.  #neveragain
Lindsey graham aborted all of his butt babies though.  Homosex is abortion.
Yes, they have! RE Roe vs Wade.
Graham&GOP have no right to ACT concerned about life of the unborn while supporting health ins bill that denies care to millions incl kids
Wow you are really this desperate to hold on to the majority shame you do it at the expense of the mother and the child with no support
Exactly why this guy should not get on supreme Court.   Thanks for telling us u think u can over turn roe v wade with this nominee
What about the rights of actual living people? NO to Gorsuch agenda of bigotry & unrealistic originalist views that undermine our rights.
...and yet you continue to support 150th trimester abortion.
Actually hope the Rs keep this kind of talk going. 2018 right around the corner.
Repubs=LIARS,OBSTRUCTIONISTS,HISTORY REVISIONISTS, RU OPERATIVES.NO Prz undr criminal invstg gets SCOTUS pick
#MerrickGarland  #StolenSeat
Don't start this again. Ds try to make life better. Rs try to tell us HOW we should make life better. Tney can't see that.
he's an expert on women! He was inside of a woman.....once
God is a baby killer. It's a fact.  It's in the Bible.
How about you stop your laws where my body starts. I know women aren't in Const, but we ARE ppl
weird how murdering baby animals in their dens is just fine.  But a fetus has more rights than mom
