Uh! unless you and your d women senators will to do the same how about no and i hate Donald Trump!
tell Donald to stop calling women pigs then say they deserved it in a presidential debate !
you are deplorable what's wrong W you ?
you say anything to cover for this kkkmonster

Trump mocks Pageant winner for gaining weight 

OUTRAGE!!

Hillary calls hubby's sex assault victim "trailer trash"  

CRICKETS
@susandaley0128 @clairecmc he had an affair just like trump did many times but she stuck  w her marriage
The level of ignorance one must have to not know about Bill's repeated sexual assaults is staggering. @susandaley0128 @clairecmc
RW conspiracy theories are not facts
"All sex assault victims should be heard, exceot those assaulted by #HillaryClinton's husband. Got it. @susandaley0128 @clairecmc
.@clairecmc Sure! Get @HillaryClinton on the scale every day too
presidents don't call women pigs

had been cleared has dedicated her life to helping people unlike rip off vulgarDon
He's  slamming anyone that's not a size -0 and he looks like giant CheetoPuff with legs
Miss America has standards she is requires to maintain. Dallas Cheerleaders get the boot if they gain 6 ozs.
.they call them fat pigs?make them do press conferences  exercising like it was a old  sideshow? Yeah thought not
He didn't call her a fat pig.
Miss Piggy then .. He's  had had so many instances  of insulting women ,  ;)
Poor choice of words, you're correct. But he doesn't hate women or anything, let's be reasonable. Who doesn't like women??
U have right to ur opinion... He is  very disrespectful toward women always has been.
I think he treats men and women equal, he'd call both names. But you're right. Take care.
Weigh-in? Too bad there isn't a face-in other wise you would be replaced fast!
this is a bad idea, there are many very good reasons to criticise Donald Trump, please use those
Clair keeps her girly figure with the aid of non-prescription drugs.
Lol talking about weight @clairecmc don't disparage &throw stones @ glass houses.. Hmm They had a medical gurrnie in Akron, OH 4 #HRC #Unfit
I think the D women should worry abt. Rap music that refers to women as ho's cun**, etc.
Still keeping your daughter away from Bill Clinton?
So body-shaming is okay when clowns do it?

Duly noted.
GO TO CHURCH
You're all children, and honestly no better than he is. Grow up. All of you.
MT @clairecmc D women Senators talked & we're concerned about Donald's weight. Campaign stress? We think public daily weigh-in called for.
"A Message From The Committee To Reelect McCaskill 2018"

Next time toss in a random "neener neener neener"
many people are saying
This is equal opportunity for women right? Let's have @HillaryClinton do that daily #WeighIn #Equality @seanhannity #TrumpPence16
This is why our country is in trouble because of immature, petty games like this. Grow up.
Aww, it hurts when the other side hits back doesn't it? A lesson for bullies the world over. #DealWithIt
Cruz '16 how's that working out for you?
This is why I changed my affiliation. Petty, childish, teenage behaviors. @clairecmc #wherearetheadults
are the people responding so stupid as to not understand sarcasm. Making a point how stupid Trump sounds when he does same thing.
Ms McCaskill YOU  are from Missouri I would and do expect better from you !
Congress should demand for Trump to work out at a gym and have all the press broadcasting live the workout.
Republicans now must wear bullet proof clothing so they look fatter.
sure, if @HillaryClinton does too. Her bmi looks to be in the unhealthy range as well.
@realDonaldTrump
please don't fatshame in retaliation, it's tempting but just reinforces the standards underlying his initial cruelty.
Beware... Sarcasm and snark won't register with those destined to respond to this.
Senator. Alicia Machado is a liar and has engaged in criminal activity and cavorts with drug runners.
maybe @realDonaldTrump new cocaine habit is his weight-loss program.
Hillary needs her weight checked.
Oh? We think a public accounting of your daily activities as a do-nothing Senator is called for. It's obvious you're not busy. @clairecmc
the entire elitist field from Hillary and Obama to @clairecmc needs mental health evals & results posted.
and a drug test!
we've SEEN hrc's medical records. she doesn't have to hide. well known "fact" is donny boy LIES.
med.stretchers @ her HS Appearances in OHIO #HRC Lying about her health on top destroying gov Emails YUK
You can't possibly be f@cking serious with this?  You know how stupid this is right Claire?
rest assured he's not running for Mr Universe.U & others need to try to stay focused on relevant issues
WE pay U for addressing.
Are you seriously body shaming.   That's classy. Act like an adult please
Have you seen the line up that is name calling? **chuckles**
You should check out his sex tape.
Yeah and we should probably post that to the internets too so everyone can oggle at it.
If you're concerned about mistreatment of women, where's smarmy comment on how @HillaryClinton shamed Bill's sex assault victims?
His Victims? They were not victims, consenting adults involved with a man they knew was married.
I know right sorry I have no empathy for someone who engages in a affair
Sad how ignorant you both are.  Would be nice if you did some actual research.  @clairecmc @HillaryClinton
Sure buddy why don't you look up crime stats white on white crime as pervasive
So, you'll stay ignorant, exactly as Democrats want you. Good little puppet. @Way2gosassy @clairecmc @HillaryClinton
I think you should look up her affidavit bye Felicia
Yep. I point to facts, u respond with childish, asinine memes. No wonder you support @HillaryClinton @Way2gosassy @clairecmc
Claire, please don't go here. Better to just ignore.
HFA dragged out a woman with a criminal past to try to play the victim against Trump. The door has been opened!
'The door has been opened'? Now? You might be surprised to hear what this guy called Trump has been doing for the past 50 years.
Of course. To stop those middle eastern Muslims out, I guess. Or may be to keep the housekeepers in?
For a shit poster, you are too honest - is what I can say 
im a little concerned about yours. You lost a bunch but it appears you are gaining it back
lame brain you do realized the disease cancer is not her friend fo
glad someone's got the nuts to turn his junk back on him. I hardly believe Mel hasn't poked her eyes out already.
She checked her pre-nup contract. She's fine with it.
@actdontreact . lmao...
How about an IQ test for D women senators? I'll bet #POTUS would weigh in for that concession.
Please don't do this. Remember - when they go low, we go high.
You first, little lady.
@TWEETLEYYOURS she insulted again,1st Deplorable now #REPUBLICANFightingMachine,we have brains we R the majority@realDonaldTrump
As long as Hillary is right behind him in line. Although, she may need help climbing up on the scale. #imnotwithher
One of your fellow D women Senators has a BMI that equals her age. Maybe this isn't the route to take?
But unhealthy Hillary was.
@LoisSmithers Trump should suffer twenty years of fat-shaming to see what it feels like. Alicia Machado knows.
problem is he doesn't care about it.  It's all part of his hatred based campaign
.@clairecmc Trump and Gingrich both!
Six wives & 150+ pounds of fat between them & they lecture women about losing weight & being attractive?! #DontheCon #MaleChauvinistPigs 
yup. Pretty bad
Most replies to this tweet did not age well at all...
and sit-ups!
: We are focusing on Down Tickets For HRC Win ! We have Got Good People, Just need To talk more about It ?
absolutely not. How is this helping anyone?? :/
what do you weigh?
So does Hillary.  Since this campaign began. Your point?
You are wrong. You think the Secret Service broadcasts it? Trumpites are so low info. #BasketOfDeplorables
You should talk about someone's weight.  Must not have checked mirror, or scales, lately.#fata__
Found a pic for @realDonaldTrump @newtgingrich to attach to their backsides.
you talk about DJs weight? Did u go 2 the gym today ms.Chubba? I am the #REPUBLICANFightingMachine @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump
#Trumpworld.Today a stranger told my mom and I at we look good but we could lose some weight.  He said he hopes Trump is elected.
as long as you weigh in with him.  You could lose to some yourself. I will remember this tweet when you come up for reelection.
If this is being an empowered woman, I'll pass. Pettiness is crude & stupid.
So many assumptions. So little info. So very,very silly.
Nice reductio ad absurdum.
With Or without him holding his tax returns?
Well. We will until he releases them. What’s he hiding?
HILLERY CLINTON CLINTON PRACTICLY A GLOBAL TERRORIST HOW CAN YOU SUPPORT A CRIMINAL,,, DISGUSTING
and this is not bullying by women? Wow #hypocrites by 2 of the most least respected in the government.
Really competing with Howard Dean for the worst possible surrogates.
I meant to include a qualifier "for HRC". Trump has too many terrible surrogates to list.
lol....your candidate has seizures in public and needs lifting into a van & trumps weight is your concern?
@stringfellowfr4 @clairecmc 
People are forgetting who he is running against, bullet prof vest are semi bulky
Point taken. But I think the tweet is meant to highlight his (& society's) double standard.
Clinton is not slim and trim herself!!! Notice her dr never put her weight out. I mean she's very short
@docfonda Tell fatso to lay off the midnight burghers!
I wouldn't recommend burghers. Cannibalism is illegal.
... and mandatory exercise sessions in front of the press pool!
WTF...have you looked in the mirror?
Clinton's are most corrupt couple in America since Bonnie & Close.  They have killed without remorse.  Just one example, Benghazi
Saw u on Fox News WOW u r a hypocrite! U said this tweet was a joke but nothing Trump does is a joke!Real joke r the Democrats !
With a BMI of 33.4 (6'2'' 267lbs) Corpulent Donald may be the most rotund pres since Taft.  No taxes no vote.  #getabigtubdonald
I see you're not above getting in Twitter wars yourself. You should really focus on working for Missouri.
. @clairecmc You're a United States Senator.  You should be as embarrassed as I am for you.
I just love you Senator Claire!
@CheriJacobus dear Clair, nobody gives a shit what you democratic hags think !
Yassss! We need a media scrum to watch him sweat to the oldies! @menjicm
You have as much class as a abandoned school, none!
Disappointed this how a Show Me State senator elevates the conversation.
Might want to include brain wave testing
@aterkel They solved the problem by making him an inch taller.
I much prefer a lie detector for Hillary-oh-forget it-she has Comey in her back http://pocket.You  keep on defending though.
I think you and Hillary need to weigh in too...
Herein lies the problem... when the left sees itself losing, they  resort to the exact behavior we scold kindergartners for.
I am more concerned about his mental health, perhaps a psychological evaluation?
You also concerned about Bills rape victims or what both Hill and Bill have both done to discredit/intimidate them?
She's a thief and an angry drunk -just like Hill-Billy Clinton. She's only done ONE good thing in her career. ONE.
I think its a good Idea. You probably want to join him so you to can lose together.
@ryanbeckwith I thought we were going high when they went low?
With people begging for jobs & Islamists trying to kill us, did you really Tweet this nonsense on taxpayers dime? @RealClearNews
you were quoted by @mashable
Sen Clairol - one word of advice for you : Nutrisysten
Only if it's both Trump and Clinton. Or would that be sexist to hold a woman to the same standard? @clairecmc
You have a lying, crooked candidate in HRC and trying your best to get her elected. WHY? Have you no shame and are you lying too?
Sure, I want to see Hillary's neurological everyday. She is insane with her wobbly head.
<-is acting like a middle schooler...
Are you on the record with this cause it will come back as a talking point during your next campaign. Sink with him?
Height and Weight never made public for @HillaryClinton though. Equal treatment right? How much do those Cankles weigh anyway?
Has Hillary shared her BMI?  I am fairly certain that she is overweight. She uses her "drapery style" pantsuits to hide it.
no. stop now.
Better add in mandatory  drug testing. HD may be on to something.

And given DJT love of attention and the media, weigh ins must take place before TV cameras.
Is this on my tax dime or your private time?  How about you spend more time on actually doing what we pay you to do..
karmic payback!
You're supposed to go High, Claire.
She who lives I glass house, shouldn't ......

it's sad to see evidence in the comments on your tweet the very double standard you are trying to illustrate. #whenawomansaysit
@MidwestSarabeth LOL!
It's tempting, really tempting to go there & it would feel so good at first, but let's not, or we don't have a leg to stand on.
also, is 'D women' another term for transsexuals- asking for a friend.
@Only4RM trump slides in for the weight in.
Says the women who used taxpayer monies,yes you paid the money back only after being found out! The scale of justice will prevail
yup, as soon as Hillary does, and submits to daily neurological tests. While we're at it let's throw in a daily polygraph.
I agree.  After all no one wants him to die.  
THIS is why you'll lose..the American public has HAD it with elected officials acting like schoolchildren
add drug testing to the daily check in.
@dcbigjohn @jpodhoretz I told him not to go on the Chris Christie diet... but he just wouldn't listen.
only after your public approval get's out of the toilet, then you can criticize Mr. Trump.
@WilkowMajority yeah is pantsuits included wow POLICY would be so nice
and your a adult?and you speak for all D women why bring up old lies and many years old... he's going to win so suck it up
Be careful what you wish for, you just might get it. Seriously, is this how desperate you are now?  Just rig it like the primary.
LOL men are not as unattractive as women who are overweight HRC is fat just like grey hair men look distinguished women/ OLD
It's been done.
I love that guy
That's funny! Except that his job does not depend on his looks.
Juvenile, Claire.  Must be the High Road.
u should worry about what going in your Piehole
And by "D" you mean cup size, right?
#Woman #BLM Might We Talk About Why? #FoodLobby http://bit.ly/1LUxFBU  How Many Women of Every Color?
Sexist hypocrite
Two wrongs do not make a right
What a disgrace for Senate office you hold!

I'm no fan of DT just TRUTH fan
lol omfg that's too much!
have u looked @ yourself in the mirror.  HRC looks like teletubby. How sanctimonious & sophomoric.Is this what taxpayers pay u 4?
save Hillary the embarrassment don't include her or yourself for that matter
Meanwhile the First Lady's platform is health and fitness.
what's good for the goose..
LOL look who's talking 
pathetic representative
- u have a mirror in your house
is that supposed to be humorous?
yes.
And drug test.
Maybe drug testing is in order too. Bizarre behaviors? Snorting during debate? Unfettered anger? Need for tranquilizer?
@Womenspeakup I agree. He needs to hit the gym.
Real mature, Senator.
@BlueTeam007 hope u got an industrial style scale on hand.
you're pretty chunky yourself.
Get Hillary to do it as well.  Zero self-awareness, again.
Yeah since Hillary is so slim & trim.  Must be why she wears drapes & tents for clothes. @clairecmc
Aren't you an "Anti-bullying" supporter? Why would you use such a childish approach to the USA election process?
Is this not what you call Bigotry? Or dose it go only one way?
Don't you have some legislating to do? We don't pay you to play on Twitter all day. Get back to work!
Legs By Steinway
I think he may have COPD after all that sniffing
Lets discuss what Hillary called Bill's girlfriends. Mind your business and just do your job. Missouri has its own problems.
You'll have some campaign stress. You won't be re-elected. MO is Trump country
This one has got to be direct from HiLIARy, or Rosie ODonnel,  But, now you've made it your own, Claire.  Great work!  Lol
, Yes, and those of us who voted for you are rethinking our choice.
Claire,you are the greatest.I knew you would have a plausible solution,even for a lunatic ! Keep up the good work
I chose the business man. To hell with politically correct, we need to save our country and Hillay sure isn't it.
I work with obese people every day. Some have stamina and are healthy, some are not. You're being stupid, even with the sarcasm.
