do you need more ISIS recruits in your state? Time to wake up, 120 days for Christ sake.....
Fact check, Google search: "Most Refugees are Women and Children, Most...Aren’t Terrorists"
process is pretty tight already.  No reason they can't tweak while still allowing refugees.
It's necessary to keep America from ending up like Europe. How blind can you be?
would you please remind our president, Trumph that America is made by immigrants and start himself back to his original land.
Look at your state...you want more problems???/
it so disappointing when a developed country like America brushes the entire population with one single brush. Is Ignorance ??
Amd it is a gift to extremists  and anti-US propagadists.
yes immigrants that have not tried to blow shit up in the name of Allah Amy... there is a difference
Stop it! Obama & Bush did the same exact thing. You're making yourself look stupid!
Thk u 4 speaking out! My ND Members support or R afraid of Trump. GOP=LIES, HATE, & BIGOTRY. @SenatorHeitkamp @SenJohnHoeven
I hope democrats and good republicans fight against the excecutive order that harming everyone, this hurts Muslims directly.
We need a dislike button. Trump is still a racist.
most of us descended from LEGAL immigrants, Amy. Don't try to obfuscate the differences.
"Most of us" didn't come to this country with intent to destroy it. Better safe than sorry. IMO.
immigrants used to work for everything they got.  Now they want free handouts!  And you love giving it to them! Dumb liberal!
I came to America in 2007, got my GED went to  MCTC college, transferred to Metro State University -
why Trumph is not asked to resign because he is destroying America's history, values and reputation?
well until you can guarantee we won't have to support them financially, in any way, ever, they are not welcome , not my tax $s
I support a lot of things that I don't want my tax dollars going to. That's an old saw.
like planned parenthood,illegals getting things free or subsidized when we don't, like those things, enough is enuf
thank you Amy for your compassion!
Some compassion!  That is a laugh.
While your statement is true, it is deceptive. Refugees are around 5% of total immigrants.
great glad to hear it
graduated with Social work degree. Giving my education, skills and experience back to the Minnesotans. I'm have been taxpayer.
are you intentionally lying or do just not know? Its only 6 countries
legal immigrants
@Womenresist722   Insanity! What is trumpsterdoing beyond appeasing his lowlife base?
and they were vetted an Ellis island. If they were sick if they had disease and if they were a criminal they were not allowed
Everyone is a descendant of an immigrant. Even Native Americans. So that means what.....let in anyone who wants to come?
When are you guys going to start investigating the President? What's the wait?
Ban is still a Muslim ban, hateful and cruel. What it will do: Make America Cruel. Make America Weak.
Did you see my first response? There are different concerns today, Amy. Don't try to defend your non-defense position. Lame.
Doesn't this 4 month ban mean every refugee approved starts over at step 1, meaning 2 more years of vetting?
"Most of us are descendants of immigrants/refugees" is a very weak argument.
Most of us don't strap bombs on our children to blow up Christians either.Heaven forbid inconveniencing a few, to protect many
I'm not the descendent of refugees. Why don't you just get a tattoo on your forehead that says "Somalis pls vote for me. Pls."
keep fighting!
Kid in Edina trying to make risin poison FBI, Homeland Security here
Stand strong, Senator Klobuchar!
keep supporting them Amy… This country runs on immigrants.
thank you for fighting this racist immigrant ban. Info shows terrorists mostly White, American born men, NOT immigrants.
Fight for them! Our ancestors were all in that same place at one point!!
Isn't this why the US is known as the "Melting Pot"??  Thank you Amy...
@WatchYourRepsMN You forgot to include that some of our descendents were settlers.
You have no concern whatsoever for the safety of Americans?! You're doing a great job Senator...for terrorist threats.
the money it costs us to bring one refugee here we could take care of 12 there. If they wanted to be her they would assimilate
Including Trump.
Hey AMY, better safe than sorry. Stop playing politics with our safety. Take a more moderate stance or you may be out of a job
why should refugees receive before citizens.
Once we figure out how 2 teach all of our ppl 2 read then we can take on more. First things first.
my family many generations, but did not have housing:medical care:subsidies. Too many homeless here getting no help.
all refugees in the world?  It's 6 terror stricken countries with corrupt governments.
Again please stop and move onto important topics.   He isn't saying no immigration.  Be fair and represent MN.
#TheMeltingPot
Minnesota is tired of your  partisan lies! You promised "to represent all Minnesotans, regardless of party!" #youareafraud
azurbizan- trump hotel deal violation of "foreign corruption act" perhaps his b.s.tweets are to deflect this. Pls find out
You can bet, if it goes for 120 days, the ban will go forever.
There is no comparison between the pioneers who built Minnesota from nothing, and the refugees who come to be parasites.
All of us are unless our descendants are Native American Indians 
Are most of us descendants from terrorist nations?
also, pay no mind to the bots, #fakepeople
he's destroying administrative govt infrastructure, the damage will be felt for decades, and likely generations
.@amyklobuchar With no guarantee that @POTUS won't just keep extending the ban indefinitely with new EOs
This is so painful. My great-grandpa left Slovenia for St. Paul MN for a fresh start. We need that immigrant fire!
-@amyklobuchar Just curious - is there one honest, ethical, law abiding, patriotic  Republican left in Washington? If so, who? Anyone?
You're babbling. Start making sense. @StarTribune @TheDemocrats @MinnesotaDFL @alfranken
120 days is not a ban
it is not a ban? It is devil and division start and we don't want that chaos to happen in the country.
This is pure nonsense Amy.  Please don't back down from fighting TRump and Republicans for a nanosecond
most of "us" didn't come here to disrupt the peace or use mass amounts of people to over throw. Use your noodle
or is that your goal? I mean, you are a Democrat so I wouldn't put it past you.
50k this year isn't enough for you? We can't save the world
we sorta can though
Perhaps we should stay in country for the next 4 months. I was born here but easily could be mistaken for an immigrant!
i have spoken to a dr & others who will not leave for any reason.
they have been her legally and are citizens fearful of trump's regime.
lord I was b. here, always lived in OH.  but i would be concerned leaving
good
and the cap?
