And you think that would actually happen?
I hope so, it's all we can do, march on
I really don't think we are counting on that.  Pretty sure that Trump will defend Trump's interests.  We can only hope the two line up.
I think we know better than to expect any such presidential behavior from him.
Guess they'll be surprised
As one of the American people, I have absolutely no confidence that T will defend Anything about America to Putin.  Get him OUT.
Give it up, Amy. It's getting embarrassing
Meanwhile...he embarrasses us in Poland.
Even though he did, you won't give him credit. #PoliticalPolarization
Don't. Hold you breath, Senator.
Just like I'm counting on my dog to do the dishes tonight. Wishful thinking.
But he has already shown us that he clearly we not defend Amerinca's interests in his meeting with Putin. He is Putin's Puppet.
No we're not only morons would assume this!!! #FakePotus
Oh come on. Like that's going to happen. This man baby has no loyalty to any person or cause but himself.
That's a big mistake
Yeah....I'm not counting on #45.  If you are, you're letting yourself down!
Don't have enough characters to type the "not" before "counting," right?
Well, we are like watching the Jurrasic Park of dinasours will roaring at each other?
The American people are mostly counting on Congress to man up ,do the right thing and enpeach Trump.And be get rid of his appointee's
Stop trying to be something you are not, a progressive! You are just as bad as the republicans!
Good luck to us. We'll need it.
Sadly, we're NOT counting on it -- we know who's interests he puts first -- his own! The American people matter very little to this idiot
Don't make any bets on that Ms.Senator trump is traitor and Internationalist who care less about the US and its allies.
Yes, Putin wants our social security numbers. And if @MSNBC @MeetThePress won't fawn over @potus, @secretservice will service Trump's need
At a certain point expecting Trump to change is cowardly and stupid. January 2017 we knew enough. We are stupid cowards now, wishing away
No.  We are putting our hopes and our energy into more trustworthy  people.
And we know from the past 6 months that Trump will defend Putin, not America's interests.
Not going to happen
Good luck with that.  I'm just hoping he doesn't give Putin a cabinet position
You can be d*mn sure .@potus will protect this country a h*ll of alot better than any #RadicalizedDemocrat like obama would, .@amyklobuchar
We're counting on Democrats to support President Trump and tell Barack Obama to stop criticizing US on foreign soil.
If only but he won't
So sad; he won't
Not going to happen he has to be removed this isn't a laughing lying matter
Good F@#*ING luck
Sadly, Amy, we are not counting on him. The only interests he's out to protect are his own & they're financial.
And shouldn't be trashing 44 to other world leaders!
Not super optimistic. He seems more concerned with Putin's best interests.
Sorry, Senator. I don't count on Trump to defend America. Much less, do anything for the USA. I wrote him off a long time ago. #Impeach45
Sorry I'm not. He will sell us out as usualy.
Trashed Obama and American press on foreign soil. How embarrassing and sad. No way he stands up to Putin
It is time for all preceding Presidents to step in & save our Country from the #TrumpRussia Dark Money .@GOP Coup overrunning our Democracy
I'm NOT holding my breath. He hasn't even acknowledged Russian involvement until just recently and doesn't value WH intelligence.
"Desperate times call for desperate measures." America under attack from within USG. Leaders needed now if Republic to survive. #TrumpRussia
#WeThePeople expect worst from fearful halfwit potus in survival mode & compromised .@GOP Congress @TheJusticeDept who disregard Rule of Law
Counting on nothing from him except to not grab any women and not to completely alienate allies...  it has taken generations to build them.
 Good luck with that.
She's brilliant Dem Sr senator fighting for US-stating our right to expect him to defend-protect rather than what he is doing-destroying US.
Trump is now in a position to do business for the Trump family in Russia and to open business for other millionaires. Not America.
Pls emphasize neg impact Trump has on democracy when he attacks press; I fear next generation can't follow in your father's footsteps
Don't hold your breath
Well said. Unfortunately, it appears whatever Putin has on Trump supersedes the needs of our country and others.
Actually, no. #WeThePeople have No Trust in Puppet that Russia & Dark Money .@GOP illegitimately put into WH. #TrumpRussia War on Democracy
He's not gonna do it. Rome is burning.
That is a joke and we know he won't
Ha! Not going to happen.  The only thing 45 is going to do is self-aggrandize.
Trumps talk with Putin will be a TOTAL DISASTER and most likely Putin will even get some santions dropped plus the russian properties "SAD"!
Trump isnt even going to say much about article 5 or very little. Being honest with you I dont even think Trump knows what article 5 means.
The people will be disappointed. Putin holds Trump in his pocket. Trump owes too much money and Putin holds far too many of his secrets.
The American people will be disappointed. Again. The only thing one can count on with 45 is that he will lie.
Not a chance with the village idiot who would sell out anyone and everyone for more power and dinero.
I'm not counting on the Dumpster to do anything, except F it up!
I don't count on trump for anything.
The American people will be disappointed Im afraid...
To late, he has tossed US under the bus already.
I am counting on that buffoon for *nothing*
Not expecting it though.    Putin owns him.
I'm done counting on him for anything. He won't. Duty, honor, integrity, loyalty, patriotism, others over self. Not in putintroll vocabulary
Turning blue waiting........
You know he won't. He is comprised-in many ways. #ImpeachTrump
I think I'm done counting on him at all. At best, we can hope he just doesn't embarrass us or give up the nuclear codes.
But he won't. That is not where his loyalties lie
Good luck.
