Now that Trump admitted he said it, along with a host of others who were there, where is your apology?
Impeachable except for McConnell who has no integrity, but, right, if Trump says it it is no longer secret and not treason OMG
Demand a special investigation, this is not acceptable.
Story was a lie,  do u really believe the post? If so you better resign
Intel @realDonaldTrump shared was produced & shared by ally; did/will ally stop sharing? He's a danger to nat'l security; pls #impeach
Then please try to impeach him. He is a corporate hack and not a President
The word you're looking for is "treason" @amyklobuchar. Time to #withholdconsent, Senator.
Tell me about all you white house people making all this money by making and changing laws and then selling or buying stock before us people
When is Congress going to address this behavior? How far will you let him go?
People are tired of him doing whatever he wants with no repercussions. Hillary would have been sent to the guillotine 60 days ago.
Agreed- please step up and call him on it. Thank you!
Obamer sad on tv, there is no wrong doing at all ,nothing in Hillary C. Benghazi probe non what so ever. ??That was wrong...
It should not have happen,the Obamer met with N. Korea and gave that country cash money Should not have happened . and where were you then?
Amy, you are, again, starting your campaign way too early. Stick to working FOR us by limiting Gov't to Constitutional designated items.
Pure fake news and very boring!
I couldn't agree more!  It should never have happened.  So @amyklobuchar what is your plan to stop illegal leaking?
Amy...here's proof that the Dems are part of the problem  AGAIN...U should have the facts before tweeting.
Because we all know the information the @washingtonpost reports is nothing but the truth.
It didn't happen. Needing proof before we comment
45 goes to Saudia Arabia, gives a speech about Islam, and grooves to men-only concert with Toby Keith. Plot line accepted by Vanity Press. 
Are you all in the Swamp so deep in Washington . maybe check yourself s first ,then put handcuffs on and turn yourselves in for laws made.
Do not forget, Trump lashed out at Clinton for her "mishandling" of classified information sent in emails. #trumpgate #impeachTrumpnow
@amyklobuchar, so many things should never have happened...time to take some action...
None of this should have happened.  But America elected a con man and got conned. Now what? #ImpeachTrump
Makes me sick and scared of tomorrow
It did happen and is happening on your watch.   Trump is destroying the presidency and all we get from Congress is outrage.  We need action!
You're right but it did happen!! Right in our face, without reason. The optics are terrible!! I don't like Russia!! This Don guy loves them!
And the only reason we even have this picture is because we got it from the Russian press who were allowed in when our press was not.
No kidding. Loose lips, sink ships. What a bozo. He plays to his ego & that puts us all at risk.
CONGRESS BUILD CASE FOR IMPEACHMENT-way more serious than Clinton's sexual promiscuity
....Do something!!! PLEASE!!!!!
He is a traitor and is endangering us. And making money while doing it.
C'mon Amy, that's what you say when your soufflé fails to rise properly, not when your president commits treason.
#impeach45
Amy Dear, U shouldn't believe Everything in The Wash Post!! Nor the NYT! Ur a Partisan Political Shill! We the People Will Vote U OUT
Impeach now
Another opportunity to lower the bar. Funny how everything he does is no longer shocking. Just par for the course.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr 
No action by congressional leadership shows an ignorance of the underlying threat beyond story. Russia over USA?

@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson  @JudgeJeanine @jessebwatters  Amy Team Up With Aesop You Tell False Tales And Are Pathetic.
narcissists like to be in a position to reveal secrets.
There has to be some GOP ready to turn. Talk to them. Country and people before party. Seems pretty basic.
Keep the pressure on, Sen @amyklobuchar  Thanks for doing what you do
But it did, so now what?
Just shows Putin is truly in charge - we need an independent investigation with a special prosecutor immediately! If true, this is treason.
At no time in your time as Senator have your responsibility been more clearly defined.
Just another day in TrumpWorld
We need an independent investigation! #Indivisible
Pretty low Senator, spreading fake news that fits your narrative and agenda. #notmysenator
If it is true, it is treason. Please do something.
Let's not forget the Crowned Prince from Abu Dhabi was in W.H. Today. He was the go-between for Putin-Trump through Erik Prince.
Everyone knew it would happen eventually. Trump is an ignorant narcissists pathological liar caring only to cause confusion and chaos.
Ms. Klobuchar, at what point will you accept defeat and represent all of your constituents; I would like you to move on & reduce pharma $'s
Well that is an understatement!
Senator, enough already. How much more of this can we take?
What are you going to do about it? I support bold actions; grind the Senate to a halt until we get an indep investigation
what are you going to do about it?
Time to #withholdconsent, Senator.  https://www.indivisibleguide.com/truth-or-trump/ 
Please do something. I have to believe that truth and justice are still the foundation of our democracy.
This is not good. Trump is getting played by the Russians. I really do hope they don't have tapes.
You think?
That's a bit of an understatement.
'I know more than the Generals.  Believe me.'  The only good news is that someone had enough guts to leak this out.
It should not have.  But the as long as party is more important than the Constitution this will keep happening.
We can all say it shouldn't have happened, but who the hell is going to take a stand?!? I'm tired of the shock and commentary, do something!
That. Is. An. Understatement.
#impeach
That's an understatement! He should not only be impeached, he should be prosecuted. He is putting our lives at risk.
It's (past) time to start the #ImpeachTrump rallying cry. GOP won't go there unless Dems are standing strong to get him out.
Kind of obvious, Senator. Please press your spineless GOP colleagues to investigate and impeach.
@VP and @SpeakerRyan blindly go along with anything that PHONY @realDonaldTrump says or does.  He is absolutely unfit for office.
Agreed. Thank you for representing me and all Minnesotans in pursuing truth and justice.
It's time to #impeach45 on the counts of obstruction of justice and treason #CountryOverParty
And now what?
Between this and him telling the country that The Russian investigation was part of the reason he fired Comey, is it not time to impeach?
Neither should Hillary Clintons private server. Pretty quiet about that. Constant campaign mode..
I'm certain that within a few days all but the most rabid anti-.@Potus zealots will be forced to admit it didn't .@amyklobuchar
Maybe get some facts before tweet.
Unbelievable !!
I am concerned  that he might have early dementia involving the frontal lobes
And yet it did. Is he just epically stupid or a Foreign Agent in the Oval Office? Surely Impeachment can't be far off? What say you?
No. It should not. Time to breakout the handcuffs!
@amyklobuchar please please please convince your GOP colleagues to do something
And wouldn't have if HRC was President. Depressing
You need to stop this monster before he destroys this country!!!
No. this should NEVER happen
Investigate, impeach then bring him up on charges of treason...ASAP! Thank you for all you do!
.@amyklobuchar Withhold unanimous consent. Filibister. Resist. we need a special prosecutor NOW.
He'll need to lose a military skirmish or something worse to have him removed. :-(
Article with unnamed sources you run with. But don't believe McMaster (nsa) who was there and said it didn't happen. You are attorney rt?
And it didn't Amy. Fake news. Get it straight.
Un-fucking-believable
Why is this man walking free? He has committed high treason! What more needs to happen before you LOCK HIM UP!
I would if there was a tape made of that conversation as well?!?!  May be those should be subpoenaed too?!?!
Wonder*
.@amyklobuchar Why do you insist that only you, who has been blessed with a God-Like wisdom can get to the bottom of #TrumpRussiaTies
.@amyklobuchar Why do you keep saying the #FBI is filled with incompetent boobs who cannot do their job.
For some reason don't see the glasses of Vodka. Did I miss the TOAST?
Are you stepping down as senator?
Yes
Amy is always a sucker for #fakenews @washingtonpost! That's why she should not be in the #USSenate. @StarTribune @mndailynews @MinnPost
Isn't this treason?
You are going to have to prove this to me!   Let get down to earth and remember this is why the President won.   Come on wake up!
Get back to us when you decide to investigate Hillary selling 20% of America's Uranium to the Ruskies and pocketing millions.
#impeach #TreasonousTrump
Alot of things should not have happened yet here we are.
OH, RLY!?
This is what happens when you have a loose cannon nut job in the white house
It didn't. WAPO printing #fakenews again! McMaster and Tillerson we're there & said so. Apologize to @realDonaldTrump  for spreading slander
LOCK HIM UP!!!!!!
Frightening.
We SCREAMED at foolish Republicans not to vote for this totally inexperienced and dangerous clown.
When will the GOP have enough of this buffoon?
Theres allot of things Obama did that shouldnt have happened - freakin Democrats just let it go!!! Its over !!! Its over !!!
Do something!!!!
Trump says he won't telegraph his intentions about his military responses, just share it with the Russians. Wow, I feel safe. Impeach him!!
Need a special committee to investigate this one and many other incidences too.  Why isn't this happening?
This is exhausting.  Do. Something. Now.
WAITING FOR YOU TO DO SOMETHING.
Ya think?
NONE of it should have happened, not least of which is DJT in the White House.
So do something!!!
Suddenly you're all about commenting on these things?  Finally see how you were being perceived?
Waiting to hear what you and your fellow senators are going to do about it...  So far it's just "shocked and concerned" responses. #Impeach
Oh Amy your sounding like the rest of the crazy DMs. Are you getting on the crazy train with Schumer, Walter and Pelosi?
He tried to keep it completelt private. .If it wasn't for TASS, we wouldn't know the Ambassador/Spy was there too #IMPEACH
What?
Are you competing for the "understatement of the year" award?! 
Agreed. now how are you going to make sure it can't happen again?
No shit.  Now tell us what you're going to do about it.  I'm a voter and I'm telling you that he needs to go.  NOW
Ms Klobuchar, please expect the worst from this man and please don't essentially give him a pass.
Where is the congressional outrage, more important, where is the congressional action to stop him?
@washingtonpost also said he fired Comey after he asked for more money for Russian investigation. Lie. But you post this like it's gospel.
And?  Now you and all patriots will....
White House is denying. Hope Congress can get this guy under control or impeached. Not good when world can't trust our crazy president.
Start the impeachment drive!
thank goodness @realDonaldTrump  didn't use an email server
The president and Vice President must be impeached
Please get your colleagues to DO SOMETHING to get rid of this blight before the US is just polluted air and water and we all speak Russian.
Of course it shouldn't, but we have a POTUS whose ego gets in the way of his ability to keep sensitive information quiet.
Impeachable!
PLEASE pressure your Republican colleagues to start impeachment! America is in danger!
Go get 'em, Amy. We love you.
Understatement of the year.
Could use a little more outrage, @amyklobuchar -please!
How long until N Korea dupes him into revealing intel?
This is #fakenews
Extreme understatement.
No. Lying about crowd sizes should not have happened. This is treason.
IMHO - the real question is...
Has this happened before?
And its just the first time Trump got caught?
Will Mc Master lie?
Every Democrat in office should be relentlessly breathing down the necks of their Republican counterparts to start impeachment proceedings.
Yes. I want this and I am no Democrat. We Americans should demand this
@JoeNBC @JoyAnnReid @mikebarnicle  @Elise_Jordan @KattyKayBBC NATO dumbs down their meeting for Trump!Now Allies won't trust us!How U doin?
So what are you doing about it? You're an elected official. It is YOUR JOB to get after this stuff. SO??!!??
#ITMFA
When we elect Trump, this is what we get. Where is his daughter-wife to supposedly be a good influence? Don't tell me she's just as dumb.
They shouldn't have been there anyway and not without supervision for the blabber mouth.
Sugar coat it much? Btw, from a MN resident, please support an independent commission NOT a special prosecutor. See recent @davidfrum piece
Pull the fire alarm in the Capitol building every hour, on the hour, until someone fucking DOES SOMETHING.
No, it should not.
I couldn't agree more ESPECIALLY since the Repubs raked Hillary over the coals for over a year for her handling of classified information!
Impeach. Now.
So what happens now, because it did happen! Potus was showing off...eh, voila!
He is unfit for the office. Republicans  don't understand the seriousness of this and they are unfit.
Any Legislative Branch elected official who ignores this #CriminalClassifiedLeak isn't fulfilling their oath to #DefendTheConstitution
Not criminal. The president can declassify at any time.
True. Also if the president is removed for being unable (too stupid) to perform his duties...That's not illegal either.
.... Still funny.... See. We can all get along. Why can't they?
It gets them much more contributions not to get along. Don't worry though, they all get drunk together. Just like wrestling.
Every day it's something else. The WH is a train wreck
Yup.

.
Trump aide inadvertently reveals defense secretary's cell phone number in photo sent to the press http://hill.cm/6kpOmbi  
That's putting it mildly, senator.
The democrats need to start doing something.   You included, Amy.  This can't go on.
Is it time to trigger the 25th amendment yet? How much danger do we allow ourselves to be exposed to before we act?!
You're lost. Be gone, troll.
Most Americans do NOT feel safe with this joke of a potus in charge. Sick to my stomach.
@All100Senators @washingtonpost so far the story is refuted by Tillerson, McMaster, and deputy NSA director.
But it's going to when you have a braggart with the emotional maturity of a pre-teen in the White House. Please do something. SOON.
We have a huge problem and British are furious. What did he say and why such collusion with Russia. Got FBI out of way for WH to collude.
plus he banned the press and fired Comey for investigating his Russian connections.... perhaps the collusion is continuing.
Comey asks for more resources for the Russia investigation, Comey gets fired, Trump meets w Russians...
I guess you missed the memo that the acting FBI Director called you a liar. The FBI does NOT work that way.
it didnt and its shit like this why I wont vote for you again.
It didn't?
Ya think?
Understatement of the year.
So.. please tell us you'll do something!!!
