Cannot believe those ultra-patriotic Republicans won't investigate the undermining of Amer elections by foreign govts
there is nothing patriotic about a GOP. The are strictly Greed over People. If it looks like they can make  it good
pretty sad that you can only copy instead of use thought. Typical ignorant buffoon.
you and the person you are arguing with are #divisivebots on the same team .... #policynotparty
keep the tweet quota up .... must be demoralizing work
what is it 500-600 tweets per day? I hope you find a better job soon. Tough times. Good luck!
Thanks Amy, I sleep better knowing you are my Senator (AF too)
Someone had to expose your party's misdeeds, how D's really feel about Catholics, blacks, Latinos, regular folks
Bitter are we, Debbie? Don't be bitter. 2020 isn't too far away. Make that 2032. After Pence's 2 terms.
PRESIDENT TRUMP! Say it 10 times Debbie!
Don't you mean Fuhrer Trump? You are so informed. Trump is a con man.
The Hitler angle... so 2016. That's the best the (D)'s can come up with. Move to Canada. Please?
While I do not condone hacking, if Clinton had not done so many wrong things it might have gone her way.
WTF kinda logic is that? No matter how corrupt u(wrongly)think she is, it doesnt justify a foreign power interfering w our democracy
If it had been our news media sources clearing the air about her, would it make it any better?
No.
So you like politicians hiding their potential crimes from us?
Clearly thats what I said
/sarcasm 

Prefer it occurs *legally* via good old fashioned investigative reporting

It no longer exists.
Correct. Our current big media would not have said a word about what Clinton has done. We need new, honest media that is not political.
Thank you! #StandUpKeepFighting!
8 years we have been hacked over and over and the golf Putz and the Congress did nothing! Yeah , bout fricken time!
what about consumers and businesses? This has been a problem for years.
I always back a fighter
Or focus your time on real problems. Like the failing Affordable Care Act that even our Governor has said needs improvement.
More tax dollars to waste.  Bill will be defeated.
@pdimock Good luck Amy.
US worry about DNC hacks but not Clinton's server being hacked.
and to hold Trump accountable it was a coup and Putin is pulling Trumps strings it's outrageous
and you have evidence suggesting this? Or just making that assumption
Yes Nemesis there has been proof since October 15th from last year. Where've u been?
how about you provide that proof then?
Get the report and read it
link it
Is your arm broken?
What's the status of the independent commission? What should we do?!
why don't you investigate foreign contributions to Hillary? Hypocritical? @prtym_angel
@Garage_Floor we have to protect future elections from Republicans... What are you doing about that?
Ask Sessions to confirm his views opposing Trump on U.S. intelligence report. Will he support truth re:Russia's interference?
thank you!!
Let's get that started ASAP, shall we? Since PEOTUS is clearly on Russia's side against the U.S. Thanks.
Quit wasting everyone's time, Amy. Most Americans aren't watching CNN anymore. Or MSNBC. Hillary won!!! Oh wait...
I agree, Deb. Otherwise we would know the truth about the Democrats. Now praising the CIA? NSA? Too rich, yet pathetic
Way to go, Amy. This is where we need you to be. We have your back.
do you have evidence of hacking? So far there is none provided. What happened with leaked emails is not a hacked election.
3 US Intel agencies just told Senate hearing "there is NO doubt" Russia hacked the election. Pub Report next wk
no, you are wrong when you say that. No one has said the election was hacked.They are investigating other hacking
can you also create an independent commission to address the corrupt activity of the DNC? That is govt related/veryconcerning
HRC potentially did commit treason, yes by risking national security, but didn't win and a big reason why!
@pdimock The electoral was created in 1880's when founders believed ppl were to uneducated to vote. The Electoral is obsolete
complete silliness. this election was conducted in fully open, fair, transparent fashion. Amy.
THANK YOU!!!

And do we just have to live with outcome of compromised 2016 election? So tired of Dems being wimps.
Thank you so much Senator Klobuchar.
Maybe somebody needs to remind GOP they went crazy over NK hack of Sony Pictures?
Thank you Amy!!
You can also protect THIS election by filing objections to electoral vote tomorrow
You form expensive and slow committees while Russia makes decisions and forms the narrative.  Rus is at war without shooting (at US)
You guys better get lots of rest and eat your Wheaties. Lots of work to do. Thanks for holding the line on sanity.
good and necessary, but something about a barn door...?
Bravo, Senator.  This is critical.
@MultiRamblings Speak softly but carry a BIG stick
That's the way to deal with this.
thank you
Thank you! Please join House Dems in challenging DT's Electoral victory tomorrow. We must #resist at every step.
how about challenging the EC vote certification as well: russian hacking, illegally seated electors, vote suppression ...
thank you, Amy! I feel like democracy itself is at stake.
You mean an important step in making sure that  Trump is delegitimized. What about investigations into stealing the nom from B
What about this one? Stop the coup.
L O L
Once the illegitimate Russian President Trump is inaugurated, the next elections won't happen. Too little, too late.
Why not order a mental health evaluation for PET. It is SERIOUSLY questionable at this point if he's even charge!
@HillarysMen  the people dont trust 2016 election results. Void election & redo election. All the things changed the outcome
Can you rename it the "Stop Putin Friends with Benefits Commission" or would the GOP leadership still object to investigation?
@Karoli thanks for your brave stand to seek the truth
Good work, Senator Klobuchar!
And what "classified" information got exposed? The Democrats are a bunch of backstabbing Rats? #russianhacking
you did Minnesota proud! Thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
governors 4 voter fraud.
Also need 2 look in2 voting purge, that is another deal that made Drumpf Perez, that will be evident and prosecute da
Thank you, Senator @amyklobuchar!
If you think Mien kampf Trump wont squash any bill that shines some truth!Got some swamp lands Florida 4 sale!Bonus BrooklandB
thank you.
need to carry out in depth investigation to let Russians & others know it is not OK to interfere in REAL democracies
Thank you! Fight! Block! Impeach!
We don't need more finger-wagging & verbal pablum from Dems. We need a cohesive party w/a disciplined strategy in 50 states.
W/all due respect, it's unlikely we'll have elections under fascism/loss of sovereignty. Do u not understand what's happened?
thanks for your work also on behalf of the #baltics #estonia #lithuania #latvia my late #refugee parents' place of birth
It's cute you think we will ever actually Ave another election. Elections will be one of the first things the Nazis will end.
what steps are the DNC taking to stop the election rigging they are doing?
What about this election? It cannot stand. Take a page from the R playbook. Repeal and replace!
Very good! Make it happen. Our very future is at stake. The survival of the USA is at stake.
is anyone investigating Trumps motive behind protecting Putin?  What is Putin holding over Trump that is making him desperate.
Let's hope this leads to House impeachment proceedings against America's traitor.
I know CA senators will support. Who should we call on republican side that would be helpful?
Thank You!
@MamaKeiki - Thank you so much for standing up for the truth, Senator Klonuchar!
Why are we not in martial law?
Not only do we have our country being taken over by gop nazis but also the Russians
I received notification that my computer was hacked but the notification did not say by whom  I tracked to Russians
I did report many instances of this nature but I am convinced that some were Russian
I myself  and family was threatened by gop trollers and bernie trollers for fighting for Hillary
If Trump is allowed to take office there will be no future elections.
Hillary did not face a normal election  The media was bought by gops to further their cause and we were flooded with misinfo
Amy my sources have told me that the gop and trump were in bed with Putin against Hillary in this election
Laughable as Democrats phony #BlameTheRussians campaign is exposed as a fraud & further discredits the Democratic Party.
Does this include reversal of counting pizza as a vegetable? our kids need help. Diabetes and obesity are epidemics.
Truth and honor are going to be on a long vacation.
Has the U.S. ever interfered with foreign elections?
I think there should be an automatic audit of random states' votes. Ballot count should take days, not hours.
Thank you, Amy.
Thank you. We'll now see who are the true American patriots among the senators & who'll let party trump country.
I was in #Russia at the time.  I mean #Florida. Backspace. Backspace. Delete.  Erase. Dammit. Where's kellyanne? Somebody SEND
Amy, thank you. We are dependent on you to not let this whiff by. Last nite a comment former CIA suggested Trump might be 5th Columnist.
Please protect our country. We are under attack.
just sent you an email to thank you for this. Keep up the great work!
void 2016 election results basis US Intel investigation
Pls.prevent cable co. from tracking & selling consumer info.
 Obama put law N place.Democrats voted for it. Reps-party of No.
Careless unprotected server, Clinton did this herself, stop protecting her. you just need good responsible IT personnel.
exactly how did the Russians interfere with the elections?
Thank you, Senator! We need you in D.C. now more than ever!
this is critical-the American public deserves to know and we must protect county @KamalaHarris
@marstu67 thought it's already been proven it wasn't a Russian hacking.
You know @SenateMajLdr will try to block Fight back Demand independent investigation McConnell wants to save wife's job
Thank you.  Can you name the other senators?
@AndreaChalupa How about ind. commission that reviews when & how Trump knew of the hacking.
You lived in Chicago this America not Russia open your eyes. Go back where you education DA...........
@AndreaChalupa 
why are you so against Russia. Go back to Chicago and help the people there. YOUR A LAWYER DA....
@AndreaChalupa Fight 4 that bill! Obama gets intell this week. Invest GOP collusion while your at it
- thank you. Keep up the good work, especially now more than ever! @AFineBlogger
thank you
@joanwalsh Godspeed
Also important for indictments-2016 election.
thank you senator
thank you and don't let them derail this .
.@amyklobuchar Senator, are you able to find just a few sensible, moderate Repubs (they're rare these days) to support this bill?
Must be INDEPENDENT, otherwise quislings @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan will bottle up info in Intel Comms to obscure RU actions
so what happened with mylan?
Thank you!
We must invest!Trump is involved & now wanting to gut intell orgs & teaming up w Assange! We told u to fight on election nite
plz look into this.
Why don't you care about illegal aliens voting?
@ell_sue
Odd no one was talking Rooshans till AFTER recount showed DNC rigged Chicago BOE "results"
@Wellness4You13 LA Movie Award-Winning Trump #resistabce film by @AllportProds
Thank you. Please keep up the good work! What's up the Midnight Relief Act? Please fight it. @GOP is acting disgraceful #Shady
@OurAmercnRights you need to fix the one we just had.
thank you!
Thank you!! Praying that you prevail.
@HillarysMen I don't have much hope of it passing but I respect and appreciate your efforts!
Another important step would for the word Traitor to be defined, immediately and if collusion w/Russia, Arrest for Treason.
ud have to arrest HRC for allowing the SALE of Uranium to Russians then too. Does Uranium One ring a bell?
Give me a break, but I guess stupid is as stupid says, proof is not your friend I see.  Wake Up
pls make sure the focus is on Russia, not just another Obama-bashing party
Thank you, but I can't find it on the record following https://www.senate.gov/reference/common/generic/ResearchTip_BillsIntroduced.htm … - Search: http://bit.ly/2hUWlDZ 
@randyprine Thankyou! Be bold
@HillarysMen
Do we call about Russia hack first or ACA?
@randyprine Thank you Senator. I can tell you that many ppl are feeling fairly terrified at Congress' actions in last days.
What about this election?! This election was a total farce! #TREASON #ElectionFraud #VoterSuppression PLUS Trump is a criminal
 Get it done, Congresswoman!  #America #democracy
Thank you, Senator!  Keep going! #resist
This needs to happen!!!
US interfered in foreign elections 81 times (WWII-2000), 50 documented assassinations ...
*IF* Russian hacking true = #karma
Shhh...they don't want to hear that, it implies hypocrisy & corruption
@HillarysMen keep fighting offense!!
Please, make it so.
@HillarysMen Thank you!
Thank you! This has to happen.
And our cyber security right now.
Thank you, Thank you, Thank you!! I new it'd take a Democrat to roll up their sleeves and get something done!!
protect against DNC,HRC, DWS, super delegates=kick grassroots out & rig primaries. Wellstone's rolling
@MatthewWolfff Have you got any Republicans to commit to it?
@ealight461 YES!
Amy, you are an American hero & I support you all the way. Thank you for having steel in your backbone!!
#TheResistance
Yes! Dare them to be against it.
@allanbrauer how about holding Trump accountable  for this one ? It was stolen by putin and Trum
We want to know when/who was involved. GOP will be complicite if they try and block. Thank you for standing up for democracy
‘Christopher Gagliardi Electoral Speech Dec. 19  2016’ https://soundcloud.com/christopher-gagliardi-734852500/christopher-gagliardi-electoral-speech-dec-19-2016?utm_source=soundcloud&utm_campaign=share&utm_medium=twitter … #Listen and #RT to all #INSPIRE
YES! YES! YES!
Thank you Amy. Seen you on Rachel's show.
MN and the entire U.S. is lucky to have @amyklobuchar. Thank you for your effort to create a commission to investigate the Russian hacking.
@WOgaard 
Thank U Sen.K
Thank you for your work to defend democracy.
how about a bill to stop America from funding Terrorists and regimes like Saudis
please! We need to defend ourselves. Our democracy is at risk.
THANK YOU!!!
YES YES AND YES AGAIN!!! It MUST be a commission like the Warren Commission, the 9/11 Commission, not a committee hearing B.S.
@sheilad715  love Amy and hope that she may run 4 pres. Elizabeth warren would make a good choice as well
Thank you!!
If there is anything truth,  then Trump is disqualified.  It sounds like dog and pony show to pls. Ppl.
Are you serious? What a waste of taxpayer funds! I thought you were better than that!
@TerriJJenk we will just find out how serious the GOP is to get to the bottom of it.
how about opening an investigation on trump. Not releasing taxes, being a traitor. Stop Intel briefings.
Does anyone have the list of 4 other senators? I can't find the bill.
Thank you!!!
Do not allow McConnell to obstruct independent investigation, this is not a task for Intelligence Comm for example.
Thank you Senator!
@gkelly73 THANK YOU!!!!
Investigate Trump campaign collusion.

Thank you! And please gain more Senate support! We need you & other legislators to speak up for and protect American voters!
Many thanks for your continued support. Keep fighting for us:-)
I support all your efforts on this. Keep up the great work!
how about just show the American people the proof of Russian hacking? I'll wait...
Thanks for trying…not sure DT intends for there to be future elections though
russians didn't make the majority vote trump @realDonaldTrump
the majority did not vote for Trump, 3 million more votes were placed for Hillary, clueless
http://www.history.com/topics/us-presidents …
Michelle, there's a good video on the electoral college. Watch it
Ryan, I know all about the electoral college, 3 million votes!
.@amyklobuchar ASAP!  Once in office he and the string-pullers behind him can wreak untold damage. We may not have more elections.
Great news. Like you, I want to prevent Centrist Dems from getting foreign help to win the Primary Election.
