Paper ballots and hand counts are the only thing that will save America. We need to follow the example of Europe.
We do it in WA State. If we add Oregon's automatic verification and registration when getting your DOL, then we have a best practise. 
I personally want all paper. If you have optical counts you have to have random hand audits
Not predetermined districts polling places. Random
We do mail in. Its great. Can vote anytime over a week or so.
If they havked, then they got in. They donot fail
Thank you so much! 
Nobody authors meaningless legislation better than you Amy
@mikefarb1
And just weeks ago hackers hacked into all the voting machines in this test at #Defcon
I'm sure you are aware Clint Curtis went under oath and testified he was paid to write code to hack election

I love all you're doing. Why do we need a law for this?
Great job Amy, you are the best !
& how do they know it was unsuccessful? Do U really trust this homeland security now? & exactly how did they come to that conclusion?
Thank you Senator 
I'm an election judge in Hennepin Co, they have an awesome system - paper, electronic, many checks & balances to ensure validity! So Cool! 
Hennepin Co also has required fantastic training on the process & tools, easy same day registration. Role model county & state! #MN #voting
Oregon-" These attempts come from all over the world, including Russia, with the largest number from the US."
Introducing a generic bill, and getting things done are two different things, but you and the comedian know that!!
Thanks you!
Thanks Amy! It's sad that better systems were not already in place, but better late than never.
Thank you for all you do for Minnesota, Amy!!
Why are you debating ACA with Bernie Sanders? He will not defend it and all he will talk about is M4A which is not happening. Not the time
Senator, wanted to thank you for working so hard for all of us, in MN & all over USA. You never seem to falter, & I so admire you.
Every single state need to outlaw voting machines.  Not just some, ALL.
Podesta, Clinton not secured!  How about Samantha Powers???
Russians tried to hack 25, 30, 20, years ago!
Thank you so much for your effective works!!! You make Minnesota very proud!!!
Thanks for bringing this forward.
I wonder if Ruskies are trying to hack the healthcare vote?
Good luck getting Repubs on board!
Since hackers can make hacking look as if coming from elsewhere, maybe it was Soros/Obama hacking. We now know Obama did surveillance of DJT
Curious how come these systems were insufficiently protected in first place.
Bingo, Ms. Klobuchar. I thing you realize what an assault to our sovereignty this really is.
#voterID
That's great but what about #MedicareForAll ?
Tried? They did.
Obviously will not pass the House as they refuse to believe Russia did anything.
Impeach Complicit Congress.
make sure u include voter fraud investigation in the bill.
Nullify election 2016
Thank you @amyklobuchar
I wish you would spend time understanding technology.  Every web site is scanned for open ports and vulnerabilities on the Internet.
Russians hacked into the three states that went to Trump that usually go Democrat. Yes they did!!!
Thanks for reppin'!
Prove it to me
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Klobuchar for all your hard work
Key word is tried. Of course they tried how many countries have we tried and succeeded to swing elections in our favor?
There must be some way to get America back on track?
Thank you Senator
Well quit importing all the damn foreigners
I hope Amy the Prosecutor Klobuchar tears Graham-Cassidy to shreds in the debate
Disgusting. Keep our voting system secure from these rogues.
Not all hacking comes from Russia.  Probably much more right here.
They need to turn the election over to Hillary bec she won legally.
It's probably been going on for many years, too.  Many elections back.
How long have you known about this? Why weren't we told?
Why do we need a bill to prevent hacking?  Doesn't it go without saying that whoever is controlling ballots needs to prevent hacking?
Obama knew early 2016 and did nothing.
Thanks again Amy!
I'm more concerned about our "allies" trying to effect our election outcomes. They can have more to gain
Thank you.  I sure wish @marcorubio would do the same.
still want you to fight for a #newelection
Thank you, Senator!
Paper!
I have worked for NH Election Integrity, have counted recounts and I think an election is stolen after the people vote. Machines and Crooks.
this is not VOTER fraud, it is the criminals who lie cheat and steal the peoples votes.
What do you mean by criminals?  A voter gang that steals from one party and gives to another?  Or what?
So only the democrats can hack the system.. got it
Paper ballots... Paper trail
Yes, dunno understand why everyone is not outraged by this.  Probably just the tip of the iceberg.
Please reschedule your debate with Bernie until October!!
Did they get in?
Senator, I ask that you join @RonWyden and getting vote by mail past for national elections. Giving all Americans a chance to vote.
The key point Amy is that they were internet facing.  The machine cannot connect to the internet.
Paper voting no exceptions any computer can be tampered with
Keep state systems on different isolated technology platforms. Don't use the same system nationwide.
Get a life fake news
Thank You, Ms. Klobuchar!
Please Help KILL the Graham-Cassidy Bill!
@indivisible_nmh
We must protect the system from the corrupt Democrats 
Amy, Amy, Amy! WHY are you letting Bernie "I hate Dems & love myself", drag you into this CNN debacle??? #SaveACA
should have been already protected. Funny, government doesn't have to play by same standards imposed upon private sector. @danobrien1972
They'd only have 2 successfully hack a few key states in order 2 sway the numbers enough 2 guarantee the electoral votes needed for the win
Easy,  go back to paper!!!!!!
Weighted Marbles are more efficient
Wonder if your bill uses Soros machines to "ensure" integrity
Thank you Senator!
Thank you.
Thank you!
In addition, we have intro'd a bill to allow our immigrants to vote. We don't want to lose any of those voters!
Good. But we want to know more. What did the Russians DO when hacking. We've been asking FOR MONTHS.
Were they successful?  What specifically did they do and where? For how long has it been going on? 20 years?  Not enough specifics is fishy.
Voter ID?
Thank you Senator
Why did it take 10 months for DHS to notify us of Russian election hacking? We need to protect our democracy. #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
Paper ballots in every state
My Instagram has been hacked 4 times in one week by the same Russian email server!! 
"Scanning from outside entities happens everyday"  
Why aren't the other perpetrators named?
Thank you, Senator Klobuchar!
You're a modern hero, kick ass Monday night against imperialist scum.
Poor Flint infant deaths and issues from poison water, health issues.
I'm more concerned with the local BS more than the Russian. But it put your buddy in office so this is okay.
Have you done anything to try and stop voter roll purges?
TRIED?!?!?!
Did hackers succeed in MN???Were any vote counts audited in MN?? Did hackers succeed anywhere in US?
Thank You!!!!!!!!!!
Liar.

No thanks
prove it...
You're not a Minnesotan, and have no investment in this, mind your own business. Stick with Enzo and Barrasso
The electoral college states that tipped the vote?
No MN is true Blue
Thank you Senator for protecting our election systems from this clear and present danger.
That just adds to the fraud that is already happening. #iwillvouchforyou
Can we please use all paper ballots in MN??
Thank you Amy. Keep us posted
Russians have hacked my computer dozens of times. Was that to help Trump?

Thank you, Senator!
