Dead children and wounded Congressional representatives didn't make us do anything. We won't this time, either.
Agreed. It's infuriating.
On Fri. alone, there were 41 individual gun deaths throughout the country. Almost as many as the one mass shooting. Chew on that for a bit
I know!! They get no attention.
So what are you going to do about it, and how can your constituents help? Words aren't enough. We need Action.
Turn your prayers into votes. SHARE bill gun silencers concealed carry reciprocity assault weapons 
No mining in northern Minmesota. No to Polymet. It's environmental terrorism
Thank you. Now do something about it. Legislate. Thoughts are worthless blather without legislation.
Don't offer warmest condolences, offer policy and leadership!
Exactly.  We need action.  Had this been a POC or different nationality, you betcha Trump would be doing something! Thx
How about putting forth legislation making it illegal for politicians to accept NRA contributions? Then you can change the laws.
@SenKamalaHarris @tedlieu @SenSchumer @SenFeinstein @NancyPelosi
Enough with the thoughts and prayers. How about some laws. After sandy hook nothing was done. So I’m dreaming, right
I say the same thing. I'm screaming into the void.
Senator Klobuchar, I call on you to lend your voice in protest for the sake of stronger #GunControl laws. What I ask, Protest RIGHT WAY!!!
I beg you to try to do something.  Without action, your words are hollow.
Do something!
hello
What are you going to do to stop ongoing gun violence??  Need all of senate & house acting together!!
Amy, pls take a lead on gun control.  PLEASE.

We look forward to hearing about what immediate policy changes you're proposing to protect us. Enough is enough.
#GunControl
Yes our hearts go out to them all.
Prayers are worthless. Let's see some actual gun regulation in this country.
thoughts and prayers are NOTHING. Please do your job and legislate to prevent this happening again. Stand up to the @GOP  #NRATerrorism
Please get your colleagues to say NO to the SHARE ACT. #nogunsnosilencers
Senator stop the madness! No silencers, no guns! Help those people with mental illness!
Thank you, Amy. Prayers today.
And tomorrow: Get after your GOP colleagues who are poised to do more of the NRAs evil work in the world.
Please let's do something more effective than offering thoughts and prayers.
Take away the guns.
Thoughts and prayers are meaningless. We need legislative action to prevent tragedies like this.
Please pass stronger gun control laws
Please talk about gun control. Thoughts and prayers don't save lives, but fewer assault weapons will. Thank you.
just prayers? what will you do? politicians must create policy to stop these events from happening. #GunControlNow
Your thoughts and prayers are nice but do something to make sure this doesn’t happen again.
What will you do?! When is enough? What will you do? Stand up!
I trust you and rest of Congress will do something about gun violence? #StopTheMadness
Wondering when Congress will summon the collective courage to respond? You an Al can lead the way! You have many in your corner.
Heartbreaking
Maybe the politicians in this country should do something about it! Instead of nothing
Get rid of civilian automatic weapons!!
Senator, please take this opportunity to introduce common sense gun safety legislation on the Senate floor.
ENOUGH with thoughts and prayers. GET LOUD and do something please
Now take them from your prayers and hearts and into legislation. #GunControlNow
you just gonna keep sending thoughts and prayers as this keeps happening or are you gonna push for gun control to stop it
Prayers, etc are nice. But you are actually in a place to make a difference. If you and your colleagues - right and left - fail again ......
Senator, gun control is a must.
Hearts and prayers are nice, but you need to do something to reduce gun violence.
Senator: PLEASE, no more prayers. Votes. We need votes. Dozens of families today need votes. At the Capitol and elsewhere. It’s y’all’s move
More Americans killed by guns since 1968 than in all U.S. wars, http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/27/nicholas-kristof/more-americans-killed-guns-1968-all-wars-says-colu/ … via @PunditFact
We need gun control. The right to bear arms isn’t absolute and we need to get real on this.
The NRA is a terrorist organization & it is fully supported by the GOP. This is insanity.
Prove it! Actually create some legislation to get these weapons of war off our streets! #GunControlNow
Prayers irrelevant. Gun control relevant.
Let's not forget the residents in Puerto Rico. Please...
Prayers do nothing. What are YOU doing about it? It's time for you to support meaning gun control over the #NRA
sentiments aside what action will @GOP @TheDemocrats do before news cycle moves on to next Trump tweet? #lasvegas #massshootings #terrorism
Do something.
Lone Wolf, domestic terrorism has to be seen for the fact of terrorism it is. This nation is traumatized. The idea of the NRA is abhorrent.
such a tragedy, don't wish to sound over demanding, but it's our Politicians that change laws, regular folks can't. Pls keep up the fight.
Asking for mass murder to stop is demanding? Check @amyklobuchar voting on #guncontrol and remember for the next election
I expect more from you. #thoughtsandprayers aren’t enough. Call for #gunsafetynow
Can the Senate offer more than this?
What are your thoughts and prayers going to do to prevent additional actions like this?
Enough of the empty tweets! Do something!! Stop brushing these killings under the carpet and fight for #guncontrol.
I love you, Amy, but how about doing something re @NRA $ lining pockets of @GOP? I'm so sick and tired of your thoughts/prayers. #DoYourJob
I don't care if people hunt in MN. Please make this matter. Truth wins out if you make it matter enough.
With all due respect... we need action ...

Please...can we finally talk about gun control.
As my daughter just mentioned; when the 2nd amendment was written "arms" were muskets that only fired one shot at a time.
