@igorvolsky @PaulBegala this is our great Senator from Mn! Proud to be a Minnesotan who supports her!
We must protesting against Pres Trump's & his loyalist &  supportive 4 Pres Putin. This is insulting to our accountability!
@FourMoonsPress @nytimes please reject all Trump nominees.
where are we on impeachment investigations??
Stay strong, Senator. We're with you! #fire_the_fool
Thank you, Senator, for knowing what's right.
just Bay of Pigs and Contras, right?
There is something wrong with a leader of the free world admiring a dictator,and it's scary.
he needs to be impeached. He is a menace, a threat to democracy, and potentially a traitor.
He NEVER hide his feelings about R's,US, Russia, anybody that opposed him during the election,after. No surprise.
I hope you lose your job in 2020
@floralgarden @nytimes totally innacurate your way out of context
He seems to reject advice and is bat sh*t crazy.
Yes! Way to take a stand! Love it!
Trump is committing treason.  He is nuts. We must find out what Russia has on this idiot.
Taking it out of context; as usual
what is wrong w this man-thank you for what you  are  doing senator!
what are u going to do? Push for investga into Russia
Orange Face is either dreadfully uninformed or woefully disloyal to US. Find the sane R's & move to bipartisan impeachment
US isn't innocent, drones have been killing innocent people for years
I reject this too.  Thank you for posting!
you are nuts boo  conley
e
is this the kind of America @jasoninthehouse wants for his children? Why isn't he investigating? @GOPoversight
how about Flint? People are still being poisoned!!!
we may  not perfect to saving all lives, but we did try our best out to protect human right & rule of law...God bless USA!
USA have fought darkness of atrocity, & darkest of dictators around the world at past & present...
this so called president doesn't care about the American people. He is putting us in danger. And he is irresponsible.
Obama-----bombed a Muslim funeral

Where were the protest from the Democrats

News http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8064849/1/#new …
Obama dropped 26,000 BOMBS last year

Mostly on innocent Muslims

Where was the Democrat protest

News http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8059693/1/#new …
Bush BOMBED Iraq killing 500,000 innocent people

Obama BOMBED Libya killing 1000's

Putin has never did that
Yet, you are for refugees that support 'chia boys' and harbor terrorists?
Obama referenced Americas wrongs often & u offered him support! Hypocrisy in your statements is out here for all to see.
Trump's badmouthing of the U.S. and support of Putin suggests Trump is a mouthpiece for that regime. #Treason
He really is embarrassing. I'm embarrassed to call him our president
@tweetMalena @nytimes this guy is a traitor and all reasonable Americans with functioning brains know it
#Trump n no way resembles American President & his defense of KGB Killer shud b eye opener 4 BOTH parties.#FNC
I think it best to avoid umbrella-wielding alt-righters when it rains now.
US is rich enough to lead on many ideals, to be "innocent", to behave in a way we can be proud of explaining to our children!
Whom does he serve US interests or Russian interests?
Russia serves own interests not global interests.
Manipulation.
Difference we just proved democracy by handing over from one leader to opposite leader without revolution required.
thank you for standing up for our democracy!
Why does @realDonaldTrump love Russia and hate America?
Good question!  Is he ready to have journalists and opponents murdered, the way Putin does?
Our fellow white people of Russia is also none of your commentary business or ill put you on the fbi etc list and more.
You keep your mouth shut, we all have the evidence of that hateful antirussian killing Russians with his isis.
Thank you for speaking up!  Thank you so very much.  Your voice travels far.  We are listening.  Thank you.
Hold this man accountable to his actions and communications.
I never thought it would be politically polarizing to say USA is better than dictatorships that murder dissidents.
You should respect Putin if you take him lightly or for a fool you won't be able to beat him. Respect but dominate.
which team is DT playing for... OH, I FORGOT!
Amy he needs to be Impeached. Putin has something on him. #impeachtrumpnow
thanks for posting
Thank you! We must see Trump's tax returns. And why were recorders off during Trump's call to Putin?
@ArgoJournal @nytimes Recall Ted Kennedy asked the  Soviets for help against Reagan. Was your party always treasonous?
This is treasonous!!
what Janet said
Say it isn't so.
Trump can only speak for himself, he is oblivious the rest of Real America.
even for Trump supporters the lengths to which he goes to avoid criticizing Putin has to be puzzling 
I worry this is our future in America.
By U.S. he means he himself isn't so innocent nor are his intentions toward his own people
In what way do you reject it? What will you do? Will you commit to withholding consent until the #MuslimBan is lifted?
