Russia is a pure distraction for the real problem Radical Islamic Terrorist
we should investigate why Hillary took money from Russia and China, why Obama told Russian he'd have more flexibility
We deserve the contents of your discussions with the Russians.
will you make public the list of ambassadors you have met with since taking office?
Now if we could just convince you that 2020 could be a very good year. :)
Investigate Obama administration diversion of DOJ taxpayer funds to DFL/DNC RESIST protest organizations. STOP DFL Obstruction
just like we deserved answers 4 F&F, IRS targeting, Benghazi, Hillary Email server, Clinton Russian sale Uranium etc?
you got answers.  MD didn't like them and kept opening investigations which still turned up nothing
LOL.yeah it ONLY turned up Hillary's breaking the law w her email server. But yeah, that's nothing smh
and they determined she didn't do it purposefully, just like George W and Powell before her.  Context.
What a clueless statement...there are reasons for everything a Secretary of State does.
the American people are intensely interested. Don't Iet it go!
Trump is trying to distract the public from the real issue by calling for investigation into Schumer. Don't fall for.
Unelectable clown wins due to ratings based propaganda. Resist the elected fascist regime.
Yes, we want to know what went on with the closed-door meeting of Dems with Iran over nuke deal.
https://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/24/us/cash-flowed-to-clinton-foundation-as-russians-pressed-for-control-of-uranium-company.html?_r=0 …
We "people" you pretend to care about, know this is all Democrat conspiracy and we've already moved on. Done.
Very much agree to complete investigation of Russian hacking etc.!
When are you going to do what I'm paying you to do to further the President's policies, instead of pursuing this witch hunt?
Why is it ok For Pelosi to meet Russian ambassador days before. Stop the assault on success of America
How about looking into the Clinton's receiving millions from Russia and giving them one fifth our uranium ?
Starting with you Amy! Why is there evidence of your meeting with the same delegation?
Please keep fighting!!!!
thank you, sen klobuchar!
please stop the partnership  and get somerhing done. Negotiate
YES WE DO!!!!!!! At this point it is only a mader of time!!!!
let us know  how we can help. Everyone in USA is concerned. tHANK YOU for pursuing this
TOTALLY AGREE!!!
Indeed.  It won't be bad to look into "ghost link" ?
We deserve Amy Klobuchar as President :)
should have done investigating on all u Dems  I'm sure a lot to uncover!,,
Also investigate all Dems who said they never met w/Russian officials when photo evidence shows they did. SmellsFishy
Amy did we get an independent commission for Eric Holder when he lied to you about running Guns in Mexico?
Thank you for bringing into play an independent commission. I want to know what transpired and if USA is in danger.
amy most americans think you and chuckie and al are full of it!
Agree! Continue to push and push and push for investigation. And we need to put pressure on the  RELEASE OF THE TAX RETURNS!
we all hope you're sucessful
Yes! Thank you for staying strong and pushing for this! @Cyn_Bklyn, @SenSchumer, @ALT_DOJ, @POTUS44, @alfranken, @JoeBiden
Look to the xlnt researchers on Twitter for the hard evidence.Trump into Russia for big $$$$. Commits treason.
we just need to get trumps tax returns and follow the money
While we're investigating, how about we investigate Obama/Hillary gun-running to jihadis in Libya and Syria via Benghazi?
why don't you tell the media how many times you met with the Russian leaders
impeach Klobuchar and franken immediately and brought up on treason charges!
ENOUGH ALREADY with Russia! FOCUS! WE DEMS LOST BOTH HOUSES OVER LOW WAGES AND HEALTHCARE. your letting Trump distract us....
No Russian made me vote for President Trump @POTUS  He spoke to hard-working families struggling to survive the last 8 years.
you also met with the Russian Ambassador...please explain.
please do not stop insisting on this!
Thank you! Yes, Please keep pushing on this.
The People have the power, not Congress!
Keep it up & keep it louder... when a majority does nothing to enforce the rule of law, the people must protest loudly.
Yes! Stay on it Senator!!
@JimmyA_Shook1s @nytimes Scandalous. America wants answers and impeach & imprison. We are fed up.  #impeachandimprison
@rainpanda @nytimes  Why doesn't @FaceTheNation @MeetThePress @CNNPolitics  invite you on to speak?
@RepJasonLewis Independent commission needed to investigate Russian ties to AG Sessions and WH. It's a Nat'l Security issue.
Maybe it's time to look into a truly independent investigation? State-based, or crowd-funded academic inquiry>
this voting, MN constituent supports an investigation.  U have that in writing.  Keep fighting!
Thank you.!
Are you going to take this back to the Iran deal or just election?
thank you!!! #keepfightingthegoodfight
will that include Russian involvement in the obama era Iran deal that got them pallets of cash?
You are respected on both sides of the aisle, stay persistent and diligent.
You and Franken are an embarrassment and disgusting.
DJT's changing the subject again today. Don't fall for it.  Keep pushing/Resist!
American people deserve government to work together to put people back to work, keep us safe, stop acting like children, etc
yes keep pushing for it Senator. We need to finally know what was going on.
Left smoke screen to divert attention from their friends, our real enemy, radical Islamic terrorists.
#WeThePeople DEMAND ANSWERS!
You bet Amy, starting with Dem & Shumer. Go for it President Trump?
you're totally lost.
No, I am not lost, but the left sure is. We are very tired of the nonsense!
why investigate Schumer?  Putin was here on W's invitation.  Let's investigate them all!
Yea, Russian Amb. was at Obamas WhiteHouse 22 times. Let's start there!
The public voices must get louder.  Keep the pressure going in DC!
Keep it up, Senator! Good work!
agree..start with 20+ Democrats meeting with them prior to the Iran deal...then we'll take you seriously.
and Uranium one deal.
Yes, investigation into WHY liberals started this Russian whoha.
can you explain your meetings with the Russians before the Iran deal?
We wouldn't be in this situation if the DNC hadn't rigged the election against Bernie. Investigate that.
Please get to it, Amy!  We need fighters now.
Please fight for independent review - only way to uncover the facts in the face of the current torrent of lies
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @AGJeffBSessions yes... "nevertheless she persisted" and so should we!
yes Lock her up too!
I really hate this Russian Boogeyman
