Breaking:While Comey's firing meant he couldn't testify as planned tomorrow, Burr &Warner have invited him to testify as a citizen next week
Thank you!!! Keep fighting the good fight. We're behind you.
Pea Brain, there's a difference between testifying and running the investigation.  And the stated reason for his firing is a complete sham.
yea dipshit ur as bad as #SchumerTheClown people wanted him gone now he's gone you hate the messanger lol
Listen I understand if this is too complicated for you to grasp.  Its easy for most folks, but ...
BTW I haven't called anyone a "tard" since like 8th grade.  I usually speak with grown ups here. If you see one, let me know.
i aint heard "pea brain" since the 3rd grade.. when you grow up you can join the adults in makin America great again :D
Yeah we're headed in a great direction, with a nice kleptocracy in place and a completely incompetent POTUS.
What crime would the special prosecutor investigate?
So whose job is it to appoint a special prosecutor in this case, anyway? Just asking; would really like to see it happen.
Right on Amy !!
Comedy only cares about himself and playing of one side against another
Can Comney still appear at another time ?
Don't wait til next week....this administration will use time given to obstruct and find a way to stop...
Hypocrite Amy.  Special prosecutor on @HillaryClinton and @ClintonFdn
We have to have that. Our democracy is hanging by a thread.
Don't waste our tax dollars on this drivel.
#Trump #POTUS But I thought @realDonaldTrump had promoted *himself* to Judge, Jury and Jailer!
@SenMikeLee  Amy, you don't get to pick FBI Director.
yes. Keep up the pressure!!
Absolutely!!! Please!!!
Go away you fraud
Subpoena COMEY to the intelligence agencies Russian investigation today!
How about a special prosecutor to investigate Clinton's emails, Benghazi, Clinton /Russian uranium deal,Clinton Foundation, etc.
Keep #Russia crap goin w no evidence and brainwashed mainstream media ingesters will believe it.  Wake up peeps!
Americans have been handed an opportunity to end this sorry leadership. Someone has to seize it lest America sinks with Trump!
Why would that matter? He still has info in this investigation.
Please help us!!!
DUMP THE DUMBSTER 
Trump must think the people of USA are dumb its so obvious to the rest of world. In 100 days he's done more damage than any good
Congress needs to demand a special prosecutor. Even if it means a complete boycott the American people will stand with you. Shut em down!
Is the US Constitutional Republic answerable to Democratic Checks & Balances or to Financial Checks & Balance sheets?
Thank you, Amy!!
Please shut up about Russia and do something good for the US. Like Healthcare, or the Economy,  or  even jobs, that is why you were elected.
Thank you, Senator! Please keep pushing for a special prosecutor, one who can't be fired or coerced or bribed. #Trumprussia #impeachTrump
just call him as Mr. Comey.
USA must hold every GOP BUTT HOLE that has catered to Fake 45 accountable. They are just as responsible for letting this bullshit go on!
When people talk about the timing and they're not mentioning his planned appearance. That explains a lot
Call him before Senate anyway. He can testify to anything that happened up until he was fired. #ComeyFiring
Why isn't he going to testify? Sally Yates did and she was fired. Is it because he was getting to close for comfort for @realDonaldTrump?
Thanks for taking a stand for what is right. Unlike @RepErikPaulsen, who appears to be a Trump puppet.
Amy, what can we as your constituents do more of to demand a special prosecutor?
Call him to testify about circumstances surrounding his termination. Why was he fired after asking for more money for the investigation?
LoL GET OVER IT!!! HILLARY LOST AND TRUMP WON!! ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES  LoL DRAIN THE SWAMP
Is it not possible for him still to appear as a "regular citizen" and answer the same Q's?
Call him up anyway and have him also talk about Hillary and her criminal activity.
Thank you Senator Klobuchar!!
How much will special prosecutor cost, this research goes nowhere, Russia will interfere protect yourself like everyone else.
If trump was innocent he would have left things alone to prove a point.
Looks like you're on the right track then.  Trump just admitted his guilt by doing this.
Get a live lady always with the Russian BS you liberals are the same still crying because Hillary loses  election investgate Clinton first

He's still appearing. Just last week you all were accusing him of ruining Cintons chance. Which is it?
No business as usual in the Senate until we have one!
#SpecialProsecutorNow #ThisIsNotNormal #ImpeachTrump Thanks for doing your job so well, @amyklobuchar Stay resolute !
Comey was to appear tomorrow before senate intel committee. Russia would have been discussed. Instead he was fired. Need special prosecutor
#SpecialProsecutorNow

I invite you to enjoy this anthem I recorded for #TheResistance:
"WE DIDN'T TRUMP THE FIRE"
a Dreamweasel production

https://youtu.be/kSrLKQcQv7A 
What can your constituents do?
Comey must have something big on Trump.
Please make this happen
How do you make this happen? @RepJasonLewis does not respond to calls for this type of action. He says he has no opinion or influence.
Comey should appear anyway.  His testimony is still relevant re: data received and events.
Isn't Comey still testifying??
Why not subpoena him as a private citizen?
Hmmm.  He still has the same knowledge.  He is not working for Trump or FBI but as US citizen he has duty to contribute his knowledge ...?
Why don't you Still have him appear? Something fishy is going down and we all know where the smell is coming from #45
Can't Comey still be called to testify?  He knows what he knew thru yesterday.
this is typical Donald, his associates get hit with subpoenas last week, so he hits back harder with this firing move.
Trump is for Trump. His psychopathology threatens the US. He doesn't care about our nation or your party. Please investigate Trump/Russia.
Yes! It is past time we need this approach. Thanks Amy!
Sally Yates for special prosecutor!!!
#GoSally!
he can still appear.
Can't he still testify about unclassified info?
I fire anyone who gets in my way.I may fire you...I would if you weren't elected. Why do people,compare me to MacBeth,Lear? did they golf?
Amy, Dems have wanted him fired for the last 10 months!  But now when he fits your agenda it's a travesty?  He was clearly inept for the job
Don't you still have subpoena power? Can't he still testify? Do what you need to do Senator, but stop propagating science ficts;#stick2facts
Can anyone do anything other than talk about a special prosecutor? This is a government takeover and this is the best you can do?
Please, do all you can to help make that happen.
@amyklobuchar and @alfranken Get this mad man out of the WH.
This stinks to high heaven. Please save the republic.
My fear is that no one will stand up against the president. He is drunk with power and destroying America. #GOP has no patriots.
Are you stating that Comey was effectively running the FBI?  Seems like the story has changed based on political need
We can use the same special prosecutor used when Lynch met with WJC in the tarmac, oh wait....

#DemExit
Can you call him anyway?
Can't he still be called in to testify?
Meanwhile Russia is visiting the two horrible T's, Trump & Tillerson, today.
Insist upon one. Can't he be called even if fired?
Can't he still appear?
I understand SP takes 2-3 years, why so long?
Will he still appear as a private citizen?
Need independent counsel to investigate NOW
Why can't he still appear? Serious question.
Based on what?  Partisan allegations with zero basis.
Please don't allow McConnell to derail the investigation There must be Republicans who are as interested in getting to the bottom as we are
We asked for Special Prosecutors with the IRS-Targeting & no one was listening for years so Democrats have "O" credibility on anything!
Comey van still appear as a private citizen, right? Clapper and Yates appeared as private citizens and were able to discuss what happened.
What difference does it make ????  
I can't believe that our system of democracy relies solely on one person to appoint a special prosecutor! How is this possible?
So proud of you & many members of our Dem party! I wish you would consider running for President. You prove women can b smart, strong & nice
If McConnell keeps protecting this "president," he should be tried for treason as well!
If a prosecutor is appointed will he/she address the Clintons too and their bribes and payoffs also? Just sayin....
Why can't you call him anyway
Can he still appear?
Shut down the senate until a special prosecutor is appointed. This is THE threat to our republic. @amyklobuchar @dutchiegirlie
Please don't give up on this!
Agreed. "Some" say it would disrupt current investigations.Firing Comey has not disrupted it? Rationale raises question of competence.
He still needs to testify.  His improper firing should not deny him his testimony!
He can still be called in. Sally was be Clapper was.
Trump needs to rehire Comey just to see everyone switch sides again
Why can't he still appear?
Why can't he still be subpoenaed and testify as a former director?
Shut down the Senate.

Now that explains why they felt compelled to rush it through.
Keep pushing we got your back in SE MN. Star and Trib has you and @SenFranken highest approval since elected. GO GET HIM OUT!
I just wrote to Mitch McConnell to ask him to put country over party.
Why can't he still appear?
Why can't Comey still testify?
...and just in time to precede the Russian condescension to American journalism in the WH, and the SOSUS wink of approval!
Why isn't he still appearing? He knows what he knows and should be debriefed.
Special Prosecutor would be appointed by Sessions. If Sessions would fire Comey he would fire SP. We need Congress to run point.
Hope Comey still can testify and let some cats out of the bag!! #truth #honor #decency
He still can!!
Also the Senate should start questioning Session's non-recusal recusal.
MN leaders must proof in history record, that we will champion justice & fairness 4 all the victims...
We can still call him, correct?
No new FBI Director should be approved until a Special Prosecutor is named
Can he still appear before the committee?
I hope so!
Also, Isn't "Asking POTUS to appoint FBI Dir like asking suspect to appoint investigator for his own crime?" How can Senate address it?
David Rohde said on CNN this AM there are only 9 staffers on the Senate investigation, making very little progress. This is joke.
So a deputy director can't testify?
Am proud to have you represent MN! Keep your voice loud & strong. #persist!
Can't he still testify?
Who has access to Comey's office and files? I understand that when Nixon fired his special prosecutor the office was sealed.
The KOMPROMAT ON CHAO/MCCONNELL MUST BE LIFE ENDING.
McConnell doesn't want one (surprise). So as a constituent and supporter, it is my view that you/other Senators find a way to get it done
We're under siege. Please stand up for democracy.
Please push this.
Can he not still appear tomorrow?  News reported he could/was!  Hope so.  Thank you, Sen. Klobuchar.
Why can't he still testify? Now he's even less beholden to the administration.
Why not an independent commission? Special prosecutor is hand selected by Trump team. Please withhold consent until ind. comm. named.
We're counting on you Senator to go after this. Thanks for hard work!
This!
THEN ACT. Tweeting here is preaching to the choir.
If U dont want Ur NSA adv compromised by Russians 4 blackmail
Then how is SoS HRC  email w/raw realtime Intel 2 Chelsea
91112 11:12pm
Legal
Perhaps GOP, who thought could keep trump on a leash & use himto pass their laws, now have the tables turned. They need Trump for reelection
I thought Comey was still going to appear, is that no longer the case?
Not sure, but this does not make it sound like it, does it? Maybe the committee has to ask again, now that Comey is a private citizen...?
Two things seem to differ:
1. Comey technically no longer speaks for the FBI;
2. Comey prob not protected by various statutes.
But it seems even more important to nail down on the record Comey's knowledge of the status of various aspects of the investigation...
...and to do so at this exact break point in time. The more time passes, the more memories distort & intervening events change perceptions.
I respect you immensely, but isn't there something more you can do than just make statements about what should be?
Can't he still appear?
Please keep trying Amy! We're counting on you! Thank you!
Wouldn't it first be prudent to have probable cause of criminal wrongdoing? Premature judgments hurt your appearance of objectivity.
Can he appear anyway?
Is there any reason he still couldn't appear
Call him as a private citizen.
Do you think any Rs will act on that w/ Dems? They seem fine defending or being vaguely troubled, then letting Trump do anything he wants.
The Comey dismissal smacks of obstruction of justice.  An independent prosecutor must be appointed for the Trump-Russia investigation.
When?? By whom will it begin, where is it? Sessions can't or any of this .@POTUS' swampthings or these .@SenateGOP obstructists. WHO??
why can't he still appear?
Thank you.
What can I do to help?  It isn't even appropriate for the President to appoint a new Director when this investigation looms, is it?
Ring in McAbe!  Keep it going. Even if he doesn't have a single answer. Keep the hearings going.
What do you want us to do.
I thought I read that Comey was to appear regardless. Were I Comey, I think I'd demand to appear.
Are there three of your Republican colleagues who are willing to put country before party?
#Americab4Party
why can't he still appear?
Was or is still? Does that change? Important to continue on with the Comey hearing at this point. More important than ever.
Have him appear as a private citizen
