Sadly, children everywhere suffer due to the mistakes of their parents; why should these individuals be treated any different?
Because we have the power to stop it.
Democrats had the power to deal with this nearly a decade ago, but instead relied on half-measures. Executive orders aren't the answer.
I don't care how long it's been or who made this mess. I want them to stay here.
What you want is irrelevant. Policy isn't written based on your feelings.
Aren't you cute. And so sure of yourself. I'll do my part to ensure they stay. You can go have a cookie.
That's sweet of you. You fight for what you feel is right. Half-measures and executive orders don't fix this issue.
We all know why this was an executive order to begin with. So yes. I will do what need to be done. Enjoy your cookie.
Actually, you can thank obama, he put the end date on it. And left all the "dreamers" with no path.
Sorry there parents were criminals and no one took the opportunities for citizenship
No wall. Dreamers stay.#moneyforhoustannotwall
Senator:  The congress has 6 months, God bless and fight hard for these kids who should have a chance to be Americans!
Put them thru the process and make them legal. Then you can call them Americans
You are supposed to uphold the laws of the land. If you don't lije then yippy are in a position tI change them not break them
She also gets to help shape laws to keep kids from being sent away from the only home they know. If you knew one of these kids, you'd get it
Yes. Change the law. Don't advocate breaking laws.
Have their parents take them bake home and get in line like the law said .Illegal is Illegal Look in the Dictionary it hasn't changed . Law
Congress will soon decide the future of the kids, correct?
It was my hope you would have wanted the Legislature to have corrected this rather than the illegal way it was done with last leadership.
Don't blame Trump, blame the parents for breaking the law in the first place.
Thank you, Senator. 
Thank you for taking a stand on this issue, @amyklobuchar.   Please co-sponser  #DreamAct & ask others from both sides #protectDreamers
Congress will work faster for non citizens than for things benefitting their own citizens like tax reform.
Keep on fighting to save DACA. With boomers retiring and low employment we would shooting ourselves and the economy in the foot.
What can we (average citizen) do to make sure these kids are protected??
Are the parents who brought the kids at fault, and if so should they be deported?
Empathy is not one of Donald's strength finders
Yes!! How do we do that in a way that has an effect?
Why don't you try defending Americans
Republicans love Nazis.
Until the Southern Strategy in the late 60's when they all switched to the Republican Party.  May want to check a newer history book.
No, it's called actual history.  I assumed you got your info from somewhere right wing because you didn't know about the Southern Strategy.
Thank you, @amyklobuchar
Is this an ongoing program or is there a cut off date of only those in the US by a certain date?
Defending the future vote if the democrats. Quit acting like you care
Please do everything you can!
The congress has 6 months to come up with a bill, Please get it done,
Agree how would have these kids known - provide a path to citizenship, however, needs another distraction from Russian Inv and he does this.
Get to work to help, please. Can you help pressure the House? Ignore loudmouth, Steve King.
I don't t agree on many things but I do on Dreamers. Make them citizens. Also, agree on Climate change. No more Race and Identity Politics
No different from deporting Trump's kids
I agree, you need to introduce legislation to pass a law for those affected by DACA. Not just a Deferred Action.
I can't hardly wait for the next election.
How many times must we put the needs of these criminals before the needs of our own people? Its not their fault its their parents fault.
We're sorry your parents did this to you. Your future was decided by them and the previous administration that sought to undermine all laws.
Amen !
Can you tell @RepErikPaulsen that we must defend DACA? Tell him to stop standing with Trump.
Please be strong and fight hard for those who can't!
Senator keep speaking up for those who have no voice. Thank you! Proud to be Minnesotan!!
The only power one has is the power one gives
Yes we the people are the government so we the people should let it be known
Amy the laws must be obeyed. They are here illegally and they and their parents must follow the laws. We have a process to become a citizen
What a joke.
I have an idea Amy, let's send all these #Dreamers to YOUR house. You can feed and cloth them, no? You hypocrite.
If their parents had robbed a bank, would the kids get to keep the money? Kids didn't steal the money, why not let them keep it?
Maybe if the last guy had gotten it through congress, this wouldn't be an issue.
Please Senator, do whatever you can for the Dreamers and to defend our country from the insanity and cruelty of Trump.
Obama has already ruined this country. @realDonaldTrump is just trying to restore the rule of law, that Obama used to wipe his ass with.
Thank you
You must #PassLaws
according to Politico, he has decided to end DACA
If this is so important, how come you sat on your hands and did nothing with your power?? Your job is to pass laws not applaud an EO.
Congress will decide.
Please co-sponser  #DreamAct
Sorry but most are not kids..do your homework.. scam
Hi Amy, got to see you at the State Fair today. You're awesome....thanks for all that you're doing for us!

Please, can congress override this obvious Human Rights violation? These r kids & young adults being punished 4 nothing of their wrongdoing!
Going with their parents to their country of citizenship is a punishment?? Are they refugees from a war zone??
Sure, and then just get rid of all those other discriminatory laws on immigration all together. Why have borders at all?
We need all congressional Dems to make this a priority...this is wrong. @chuckschumer @NancyPelosi...you must take a strong stand.  please
You think with all the American kids wanting/needing an education that we should put illegals kids first? That what you're saying??
Shut up! God forbid a country as big as ours is able to manage the educational needs of all the kids! Fkn s
Thank you for your leadership in the Senate! Proud to be from Minnesota!
EO was overreach. @POTUS enforces law. Take lead and create bipartisan law solution. He will enforce the law you create. Stop whining & act!
Word is an hour ago that Trump will end #ACA.
Insanity and not what most Americans want.
Let's send them to YOUR house, you can feed and cloth them.
@criteria681 sadly, the defenseless question remains;why didn't they and/or their parents apply 4 legal status all these yrs?
Or maybe we can adopt or become guardians of these kids to keep them in USA...
Do you stand for our freedom as citizens of the US as much as you advocate for citizens of foreign nations?
So, if those kids aren't responsible for the sins of their parents, how do you feel about reparations for slavery?
If you wanted to defend it why didn't you do it for last 8 yrs? It's illegal. End it.
Uh I believe the destructive GOP were reason it didn't get done in 8 yra.
Please do something to keep family together
Why can't you introduce a bill?
You people too!? You think this is @realDonaldTrump  fault? @BarackObama created the constitutional overreach, & congress has been Derelict
While you're blaming and taking sides there are real live human being effected in huge ways by this situation.
They're affected because of Obama's over reach. This is a correction of his lawlessness. Obama made us all victims, that's changing now. 
I don't care who you think is to blame. I want them to stay here.
Then you as well as everyone else needs to hammer their reps and senators to pass a Law. Exec order is only temp till congress does its job
Jesus, Amy, you've got a lot of #MAGA neanderthals banging their knuckles against their iPhones. You keep up the good work, & drown'em out.
It's not the American ppl fault either, blame the parents 4 bringing them here illegally. Enforce the law that's what our gov should do.
Why do all of you in Congress posture like this?  If you wanted to defend DACA, you'd draft legislation, since you know it isn't a law.
Why do owe anything to anyone who came here illegally, thats on their parents not on us,we have are own children to care for first. #MAGA

Get them out they don't belong here and nether do you LOL do really think anyone give a  bout you r them f DACA poor little kids 
How very unchristian of you
well.didnt the adults also illegally invade by no fault of their own.they still should have obeyed our laws.so kids ok break laws you say!??
They should apply for citizenship just like any other noncitizen. Get in line.
Why
Are you being sarcastic?
Time for Democratic Party to elect people who support the American people first.
Hi Amy.  Happy Labor day!  Thanks for all you do.
If DACA is so important to you then Congress needs to get wo work and pass a law!! Stop blaming @POTUS for Congress not doing their job!
If someone breaks into a house and brings a child with them should that house now be the permanent home of the child??? We must #TurnMNRed
What kind of nonsense argument is that?  If your father kills someone, should you bear the blame for his crime?
We MUST demand bill to give Dreamers  a legal path. We need them. They can't be sent 'home'.... this IS their home.  Amer. values = freedom
Democrats love cheap labor because of their big corporate donors. Time to take a stand for American workers. #VoteThemOut #Resist
If DACA extended it must only be temporary pending Congressional action. If imm law is in need of change..do ur job..change it
Too late. @realDonaldTrump dashed their dreams. Just like he is doing for the rest of the world. My dream is for him to go away.  #Impeach
He is giving Congress 6 months to pass a law. You should be upset at Congress who seems to be incapable of doing their job
Thank you, Senator. Agreed.
They can be sent back through no fault of their own too!!!!!
take a stand against illegal voting and I'll be willing to compromise with you. Until then, obey the law or change it!
Politico reports Trump will end DACA.
#DefendDREAMers
Hi Senator Thank you for working so hard for us!  Happy Labor Day to you and your family. I am praying for Texas and DACA!
These are adults who have been here their whole lives. They have nowhere to go 'back' to.  They are CONTRIBUTING economically.  #RESIST
My heart is breaking for so many Minnesota DACA kids right now. Thank you for standing up for them and giving them a voice.
Write a bill. Pass it.
Cosponsor the bill that's already written! https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/1615/cosponsors …
