Working Together Is A Joke The GOP Is Herding Us To Civil War And Right Now Today With Great Joy We'd Kill Each Other It Will Get Much Worse
More lies
Not sure if making things worse is correct. ObamaCare has many issues that do not make it market-viable long-term and costs out-of-sight
Exactly wrong! Moves power from Feds to states who know what their citizens need...with $. Pretty neat?
These are problems, but what is your solution to make my premium less than my house payment again?  $15k/year for my family! #toomuch
This will ensure coverage we can LIVE with.
So we trash those 250 million folks to gain 7.3 million? I think there is a better solution but Dems stuffed ACA down our throats.
Actually your #'s are not correct. Your taxes will not go down if AHCA passes. The 1 trillion tax break goes to top 1% of income earners.
The real issue why Congress even thought it was a good idea for Fed to take away State programs to assist residents w health care issues.
ACA is the Dems plan to crush the economy and force government takeover of more than health insurance. They want power companies too!
ACA was passed when we still had checks and balances in our Government! Something we don't have now!
Thank You for all your hard work.  Just heard S. Court ruling on "travel ban" and am so sad and...a little scared.
"But, other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how was the play"??
What measures can the Democrats take to stop it? How far are we willing to go?
Sounds like what was shoved down our throats the first time. Not enough time to read it. Pass it or be damned. Remember. Got us here.
Thanks for watching out for us!
Agreed!
Thank you! This is great!
We should be increasing healthcare coverage &taking care of those who are vulnerable. not cutting coverage. This is not who we want to be.
Any plan that is run by the gov is a bad plan. There are solutions. There are options. Give us our lives back. You are not in control. We R!
Good luck with that as long as the republicans rule you control nothing!
Of course we should. THAT'S why we need #SinglePayer. Stop trying to save a private system that profits from denying health care.
Absolutely
Languaging from both parties SOUNDS like it's "all about the ppl" when actually more about "vested interests". No $ in preventive medicine.
Do you think that when they lose their doublewides & their kids die because an Epipen costs more than the doublewide that they will wake up?
You have not even seen the healthcare bill!  How can u criticize it!    Wtf
Help me understand ... doesn't the New healthcare bill in general switch the responsibility from Fed to States to fund cost?
Pledge that when something passes, that ALL senate and house receives the exact SAME coverage.
Thank you for representing us...can I ask u to do something bold?
Thank you senator for doing your job &working for us. @SenSanders @alfranken Healthcare4all shameful to take healthcare away from vulnerable
Patients and patient families are going through their roughest times. No one should profit from that! 2/x
I will do you one better! I advocate for a single payer system. Take the profit out of medicine. We only get to practice medicine when 1/x
Your outlining what ifs on Medicaid which has nothing to do with the replacement bill for Obamacare. Do you think we are all that stupid?
Amy please keep up your hard work we retries need more like you who care.
Unfortunately Senator a large majority of your fellow GOP Senators (the 13 hiding behind closed doors w the lobbyists) are bought & paid for
Thanks, Senator Klobuchar. It's great to have you, Senator Franken, and Rep. Ellison working for us!
Members of Congress don't have the same regulations covering their health benefits, because they are more important than you or I, rightAmy?
Senator Klobuchar is one of my senators and I know that she would totally agree that senators are reps there to help all.
She has already said senators should have the same healthcare as us!
Citizens, keep pressuring Congress to abandon their tyrannical takeover of health insurance! It is not Constitutional. Leave it to States!
Amen.
ACA is not acceptable to those that think. It was always a plan to buy votes, just like Social Security under FDR! We know and don't like it
Amy, you are not going to win against rational thinking law abiding citizens who want the Congress to follow the Constitution. Discard ACA.
Yes
The attempts to socially engineer our lives by federal regulation is despicable. That is why many voted against Hillary. ACA is part of plan
It is just so wrong to subject US citizens to socialism and fascism. We are free men and women, guaranteed by the Declaration& Constitution
I'll share it! I'm asking that the people be provided with a full financial accounting of Rep. Scalise's. care for that single gun shot .
ACA is never going to reconcile the issues of income inequality. Using this as a means to wedge Citizens apart is absolutely wrong.
You're wrong. Healthcare costs will strangle the poor and medical-cost bankruptcies will only grow. The ACA helped keep some costs down.
#DNCFraudLawsuit  #Demexit continues
Amy, I am absolutely sure you have not written one word of the documents that constitute ACA. I bet you don't even know what is in it!
Your position of taking control of 1/3 of the economy through gov regulations written by unelected bureaucrats is possibly the worst seen!
Trashing the Nation for political gain by a specific party was discussed in the Fed Papers. It was termed "tyranny ", as it should be.
Amy, we have talked about this before and you acknowledged that MN had a good system to model. This is now lost! You winked out for party!
Gov insurance is not a constitutional principle. It is fascist. It is a mistake and as stated by Max Baucus is a "train wreck"! Bad-bad-bad!
Thank you Senator for continuing to speak up for Minnesota and all of America!
Thank you Senator this is excellent
#UniversalHealthCare. Own it!
Please, Amy, please! Don't go down the socialistic track! Our freedoms and liberties depend on following the Constitution. We are free peopl
It won't just make it HARDER for disabled, Amy,it will KILL them. Plus NO ONE will be able to afford MH care. MANY elderly on Medicaid die
No, I will never agree to a fascist ideology as the guiding principle for the USA. We are a Constitutional Republic. You have forgotten this
So, this means you think the bill is just fine?
You are very naive. Say what you mean. No! Nobody in their right mind thinks ACA is fine! That would be stupid thinking! Save the Republic!
Yes!
Nit: Recommend changing color of font in bullet points. Yukky contrast w background color. Thwarts quick readers. Thx.
The issue is all about gov control of 1/3 of the economy. That is called Fascism! You just don't get to take our money because U want to!
Maj. of conservative voters are stabbing themselves in the eye over loyalty. It will alter healthcare as we know it, & not in a good way.
Wasn't shit. Big pharma, alt right rich, and ins ceos sabatoged.
It is shit, it covers nothing, and costs a fortune. I pay for catastrophic insurance, that's it, 8000 deductible. ..
If this bill passes my family will be in terrible peril.. Senator Klobuchar I'm terrified... fight fight fight! 
#NoAHCA #PeopleWillDie
Amy, first, tell me why the government should be in control of our medical insurance? It is not about "health care"! We had great care b4ACA
Wrong. We had expensive care and tens of millions had no care.
