Can't you find a way to stop this??  Awful choice.
K. Norton can u explain why it is an awful choice
Not in a tweet, but as a long time ed advocate and former school board & k-12 leg committee member - I can say it w conviction!
Is she more detrimental to the Students or Teachers.My guess, Teachers. Does increased funding to Schools make for better grades?
Why demoralize teachers? Isn't that counterproductive?
Don't need to. They do it themselves. Hard to be Counter productive to the Unproductive.
I don't understand this. Teachers demoralize themselves? How are you measuring productivity?
Trump only lost MN by 44k votes. I am a cross over Dem for Trump.  So are my 2 adult sons and their wives. Represent ALL of MN
Did u care about the lg MN immigrant population that all ur Trump votes have now put their lives at risk?
Thank you. To all the senators who are supporting the voices of our country. Keep up the good fight!
US students rank 34th in math and 27th in science in the world. Pathetic & Embarrassing! Time for education reform Senator.
to late! But take a look at MN rank in State Education Quality! Plummets to 10th place! What are YOU doing about that?
thank you for opposing DeVos' nomination! I am proud to call you my senator! #resist
thank you all for trying your best!
Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
.@amyklobuchar yes - we are not all born able to pick and choose. She is the wrong person for this seat. #NeuroCogRox #BrainyChixROCK
.@amyklobuchar Thank you so much Amy!! Please also do all you can to oppose Sessions as well. Too racist then, to racist now.
thank you for standing with our kids!
Thank you for caring about our children's future.
I hate Minnesota but can't move.  I have no representation in the US Senate.
huh?
she's a conservative and feels unrrepresented in government I guess.
keep fighting for us. It'll be a long uphill climb but you and Al are on the right side of history! #proudMinnesotan
You were stunning. Thank you.
Thank you!  Keep fighting for us please.  Saying prayers for the USA.
what a waste of your breathe!
we know Devos is Republican, selected by Trump! And those are your only real reasons to bitch about her, everything else is BS
.@amyklobuchar To paraphrase a #DumboEared #LongLeggedMacDaddy .... #TrumpWon
Thank you for trying.  While I feel my heart breaking, I am grateful for your efforts.  I will remember.
thank you
Thank you for all your hard work!
(sorry this is late) THANK YOU for all the hard work you do! We educators are very proud of our MN senators!
Thank you for the valiant effort on opposing DeVos...what a travesty to education, all we need is another billionaire there!
Thank you for opposing this confirmation, standing for immigrants, fighting for Minnesotans.  You make us proud!  Fight on!
thank's Amy! so glad you and AL F are there. I'm scared, please keep fighting for us little people? signed, concerned citizen
Rather than lobby someone that wants to help!; Find A way to help them help, and stop your damn whinning!
Thank you for standing up against incompetence and insensitivity in education.
thank you Amy for your hard work. Wish we could have gotten one more senator's vote.
Thank you anyway.
thank you for opposing this nightmare.   I hope our children can forgive us for this mess 
thank for your being my senator and continuing to have our back! We are with you! Stay strong!
Thank you for doing the right thing!
The American ppl, have witnessed history & knowing you & other fellow demo have stand-up 4 right of vulerable citizen...
I am so thankful that you tried.  I'm a retired schoolteacher....bless you
Thank you for your leadership! Persevere! Greetings from Minnesota!
Thank you for your efforts!  I'm so grateful that MN has two wonderful senators that fight for what's right in education!
Thank You!
and @SenFranken thank you for the effort! #holdthefloor #thankfultoliveinMN
thanks for your dedication and hard work!
thank you for your tireless efforts to doing the right thing for our country. We are fortunate to have you represent us!
she's more than unqualified, she'll now lead w House and R State Leg to rip apart public sch funding, She'll hav the votes.
Thank you for trying Amy! I appreciate your strong stand on such important issues!
Thank you for trying. I wish one more person would have listened to you. 

It's a sad, sad day for our children. 
thank you for all your hard work and leadership. You gave it your best!
sadly democrats made it harder to resist.
Thank you, Senator.
Thanks @amyklobuchar for trying to protect our country's education system from a terribly unqualified nominee. Please keep fighting for us.
& @senFranken incarcerate minority children into failed programs ... and encourage them into sodomy #justLikePRISON
I heard they want to cut Title 1 funding for their voucher program. True? I ask as a Title 1 teacher concerned for my job.
truly disappointed at the outcome but glad MN has vocal senators who will continue to fight for equitable education
thank you
thank you for holding the floor and standing up for our public schools. I'm so proud to have you and @alfranken as Senators
We oppose you too! Typical democrat. Everything is fine as long as everything swings your way. Well Pence thought different!
Where is your statement on DeVos appointment confirmation?
Thank you for all your hard work.
thanks for giving opposition to the DeVos nomination your ALL #Resistance
Seriously unbelievable. I cannot believe she passed.
You can believe @amyklobuchar cares about children when she stops aborting millions of them or pushing schools to ready them for sodomy
We don't care why you oppose DeVos.Really doesn't matter either now does it.The FederalGov't needs separated from Pub. Schools
Thank you, Senator!
thank you.  Keep representing us like this and we will keep supporting you!
keep up the good work!!  We need more people like you!
d
thank you for giving 300%. Even though our kids lost!
Thank you .   i am very sad today.
thanks future President Klobuchar
Thank you Senator for voting against DeVos
wish they would have listened to you
thank you for putting up a fight!
Continue to resist the lies and incompetence of this administration and speak for the people.  Dems need to be tough!
thank you for your fight against Devos, but I am disappointed that fight wasn't there against all nominees
Thanks for fighting the good fight!
Thank you for trying to block this confirmation!
thank you for standing up for your constituents. THANK YOU.
Confirm Justice Gorsuch to the Supreme Court!
disappointed by the tie-breaker .....oh well
Thank you for putting our kids first.
thank you for standing up for education.
know you must be weary but thank you for fighting for our kids. Put wall $$ into public education.
Thank you for defending public education. Too bad so many Rs put party over nation.
Thank you for standing up for education!
Thank you for speaking out for us
Never stop fighting. Thank you!
thank you, Amy.
I am deeply sadden and angry that Devos was voted in by the white male majority of this county. #resist !
thanks for your efforts too bad money always seems to win out
THANK YOU!!!
Thank you and @alfranken for your efforts on this one. This is horrible news for all kids.
Thank for doing your part to #holdthefloor and voting #NoonDeVos.
Thanks for your efforts. #YourChildLeftBehind
Thanks to you and @alfranken for trying. It's a sad day today for kids and education.
thank you for giving it you're all!  Sad day!
@alfranken @ChrisMurphyCT @SenSchumer Thank you all and I pray that voters will remember this in 2018! Proud of you all
Thank you for trying....
Thanks Amy!!
Thank you for trying.
appreciate the ongoing stand on these unqualified cabinet appointees. You represent me. Thank you
@SenFranken Thank you for your votes against DeVos. Sad day. But I love that you are my senators!
shameful that this administration nominated and approved the most unqualified Secretary of Education..
Thank you!
Thank you for your vote
Thank you for your efforts; we will keep fighting for our democracy
How do we get congress to work in a bipartisan manner? DeVos is so unqualified, yet it can't she gets confirmed!
thanks for trying, American children lost today #NoonDeVos #Devosisnogoodforkids
thank you for your efforts to try and change this decision. Keep fighting!  Our children need people like you!
I'm certain you meant to say "... why I oppose Minnesota's children".
Thank you
thank you! Thank you thank you thank you
much appreciated Senator. Keep fighting!
thank you for all your support!
Thank you, Senator Klobuchar, for your consideration of all children. As a Minnesotan, I am proud you are my senator.
Thanks for being a strong Senator and willing to do the right thing.
Thanks for fighting to protect quality public education!
Thank you!
I know your stand.Appreciate your work.But forever thankful for school choice @LionsgateMN saved my boys life from bullies
.@amyklobuchar Thank you for standing up for kids @EducationMN @Alt_DeptofED @NEAToday @AFTunion @MNAFLCIO @FIRE_THE_FOOL @edvotes #resist
Thank you!
Thank you! #resist
thank you for your efforts!!
Thank you Senator. You did your best.
Thank you!
Thank you for fighting for us! #holdthefloor
Hoflor
Thank you for speaking out. Terrible candidate.
Thank you, Senator Klobuchar!
@SenFranken See if Senate @GOP can show loyalty to our future rather than @BetsyDeVos money and @realDonaldTrump power.
Um... bc she's a Corporate Fascist #Shitweasel who bribes OUR Congresscritters 4 a position?
Go Amy Go! Thank you on behalf of all the parents & students (millions!) who love public schools.
Thank you for fighting for our kids!
Thanks for your efforts!
thank you, senator
thank you.
Thank you @amyklobuchar #DumpDeVos
Thank you for standing up to kleptocracy
I am truly scared.  Thank you for your service.
Thank you, Senator.  #HoldTheFloor #NoToDevos #resist
Thank you Senator @amyklobuchar 
Proud of you 
Thank you so much. And please keep it up.
Thank you Senator!
