Appreciate your voice and representing MN in the U. S. Senate.
@jaketapper Comey Says He Was Directed by Former AG Lynch Not to Call Hillary Email Probe an 'Investigation'
Authoritarians/Fascists try this as an essential step towards
assuming total control and locking in power: shut out all who seek truth.
General Custer faced better odds
In another era, a 1-graph AP story would say reporters were briefly barred from Senate hallway interviews. 99% of newspapers would spike it.
and how exactly are you going to do that? They have contempt for the process and the constitution. They don't care.
Thank you Senator Klobuchar, please hold them to this, this is one way to hold them accountable.
Thank you for fighting for us, the American Public. MN resident.
No calls go thru. I am really concerned about democracy with Trump. Healthcare and the parks. He is a real danger
I am with you Amy
Thank you !
So who issued the order yesterday? The "hang-up" woman afraid to give her name?
Restrictions of the press will be #votedout at election time ! Thank you for rectifying this 18th century foolish endeavor.
Thank you !! 
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator!
Senator Klobuchar if you wanted to could you participate in the Senate Heathcare or have Republicans simply shut Democrats out?
Maybe you two can help Sessions with his testifying so he gets less "flustered" or "nervous" next time...
Did he try to make these rule changes unilaterally?
How? How?? It's Fake News from the start!!  Manipulated messages to get all media in a herd for negative biased reporting throughout today 
no this was reported as it was happening to a reporter.
Thank you!!!
Thank you for your persistance with this.
Well he broke his promise.
I was just told I cannot stand outside of the Budget Committee hearing room to interview lawmakers. https://twitter.com/kasie/status/874650189885263872 …
Thank you Senator Klobuchar! MN is lucky to have you!
Thank you. Please do. My life is *literally* in your hands right now. I have documents proving my brain will try to murder me without meds.
Senator we, the American people, deserve an open and transparent government. Please keep fighting for us.
Thank you for your leadership!
Thank you, Senator Klobuchar!
Who in the GOP Congress can be trusted in this troubling Trump's era? Perhaps, Trump's presidency has exposed the true soul of GOP.
CONGRESS MUST STOP "fake, lying leader trump" 
Sure
GOP doesn't want to have to answer questions about health care bill,  tax cuts for wealthy, removal of dodd frank regs, etc., etc., etc
Does he consult before or after?
The fact that this is a matter of discussion in 2017 AMERICA is the real issue. Don't think for one second, that this isn't about 1st Amend.
Thank you for supporting our free press!
Looks like Trump and Co. are dragging us to being governed by few. Please tell him there are 536 people vs millions.
Thank you, Senator!
protect our free press, senator. Thank you.
For those of who don't speak fluent "Senate", what does his statement really mean?
Good, Senator. Protect the free press in order to protect our democratic republic.
Hey what's up with healthcare?  What will you do to stop the train (wreck)?
Thanks Senator-
Eliminate church donations from lobbying. Last year Catholic Church gave $350M to the US confess. Why? It is wrong.
He has already moved on it, has he not?
@davidfrum try to reason with Sen Portman.
Thank you for standing strong for our citizens and democracy
Don't allow this country to turn into a banana republic
They are trying to sneak health care vote past every one - including you!
So far the Rs have promised a number of things and have lied every single time - like with how they're trying to sneak Trumpcare through.
So the whole no interviews in hallways thing is what #Senate agreed on?
Thank you Ms Klobuchar
The press needs access and Americans needs to know what the GOP are doing behind closed doors.
Seems like he already did...
so then why is Senate staff preventing reporters from doing their jobs?
Maybe let us know why the hell he did it in the first place & tell him to quit screwing around
Thank you.

You might remind him that HE CANNOT CHANGE THE CONSTITUTION even after consulting you #FreePress #FreeAssembly #FreeSpeech #TuesdayThoughts
Thank you Senator Klobuchar. A free press is one of the main pillars of our democracy.
Then why are reporters being told not to conduct interviews? Disconnect!!!!
thank you for realizing you work for us, the American people. I am calling now to demand this is reversed.
Thank you.
Did you ever thank your dad for your last name? And your career?
Thank you, Senator.
how about you just bring Senate business to a standstill so that the GOP behaves in GOOD FAITH on this plan to kill the ACA
Well somebody is harassing reporters in the Halls of Congress!
Don Shelby?
Bigger question is who thought this was a good idea!?!  Find that person and give them the opportunity to explain.
Thank you Senator. Don't let @GOP get away with these authoritarian tactics. We are 100% behind you.
Call Shelby Now ... here is contact info .. tell him a free press is our right not his choice ... https://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/offices …
My interpretation of the Constitution is a respect for the press and holding power to account. Anti-press rhetoric and actions so bad.
@SenShelby We will hold you accountable to your word to not limit press access. This IS America, not Russia? Freedom of Press basic right
They always try to sneak stuff by under cover of latest debacle or scandal. Thank you for standing up, Amy!
Like Sessions claims to recuse himself but not doing so. Don't trust partners in crime!AL "good ol boys" stick together believe that!
Thank you, Senator. You're a true patriot.
Who on your committee ordered this? They must be held accountable. Are we still a democracy??!!
You go, Amy. Thank you for being our voice. We rely on press to keep us informed.
Ah, this would explain why @SenShelby's voicemail was full when I called about health care.
@kevcirilli  I was just told I cannot stand outside of the Budget Committee hearing room to interview lawmakers. #ReichstagFireDecree
But...
Why would you trust him?
So many distractions from Trumpcare.
Just like when the White House would not permit cameras during Mideast trip. There's a pattern here. Republicans hiding the ball again
He is not calling it a "change" just "enforcement of existing rules".  That coyness with @amyklobuchar is utterly disrespectful. Persist!
But they already did. Sent out the gallery staff who told the press your committee decided this.
Who the hell does @Senator Shelby think he is?  
@SenShelby
We are 100% behind you,  way to stand up for our 1st amend! 
thank you. You are our voice. Please boldly fight the secrecy and arrogance
Thank you for all that you are doing.
Thank You!
Amy, with the "classified" briefings going on,why all the partisan obfuscation?  Rus attacked us!  isn't that important to every Senator?
Thank you @amyklobuchar we know you will fight for us. We Minnesotans are lucky to have you and @alfranken alon our side.
 On our side. 
What was he thinking? Stick his feet IN the fire!
God bless you Amy
Thank you Senator. I tried to call but his voicemail is full. Hopefully the swift reaction will speak to him.
What can we as citizens do to help?
Somebody needs to file for an injunction against Senator Shelby in Federal Court anytime after right now. COME ON NEWS AGENCIES!      UNITE!
For my money  (and it's not cheap) @ToniPatisserie might be best restaurant in Chicago for lunch.
Hmm, Senator Shelby from AL? Hours prior to AG/Traitor Sessions public testimony?
Please accept my apologies as his constituent (did not vote for him). We are trying to get rid of him but this state is red and stupid.
Then who is doing this move unilaterally? McConnell?
U hold them to it like your life depends on it. @CNN @MSNBC @nytimes @washingtonpost @politico
Keep fighting for us and the free press, Sen! Thank you 
The media is the manipulative enemy!! Nobody  blocked your access in the first instance! You all  are malevolent liars undermining POTUS! 
Keep an eye on that one, we really like the freedom  of the press here in America.
Restricting media access is one step closer to authoritarian regime. We've already gone too far.  Stand strong for press freedom.
So there has been no change? Why are rules comm staffers saying there is?
Thank you
Best not go there. At all.
Thank you but some reporters are already reporting that they have been stopped from doing their job.
You fight them, Amy! You must
We are on a slippery slope and limiting press is a giant step in the wrong direction.
"Change to press access" - I'll ask again - WHY?  WHY NOW?  WHY EVER IN AMERICA?
Blah blah blah.
@SenShelby is this true?
Dick Shelby cannot be trusted
Thank you Senator. A free nation cannot exist without a free press. This is frightening.
@jaketapper Senate rules phone # is 202-224-6352. Kick Shelby's butt about denying press accessm
Do NOT GIVE AN INCH TOWARD FASCISM!!!!!
So Shelby is a coward?
Surely @SenShelby must be aware that the country already thinks poorly of @SenateGOP. It makes them look like liars trying to hide something
Thank you
Thank you senator. Have faxed all of my representatives about this. Without free media access, America is living a lie.
Why are they afraid of free press? It's time for new generation leaders. They have been senators for too long to care any more.
They are just trying to protect the press from Representative Gianforte.
Please fight and don't allow them to pull this crap.  We are a democracy not a dictatorship! Thank you for fighting for us!
@jaketapper Democrats & #MSM are the biggest threat to our democracy!
We are counting on you to hold firm in this fight!
Amy K has her Wonder Woman on today!! @amyklobuchar Thanks, Senator!
I think this is *very* important, Senator. Pls fight this hard. We all need you. And thank you for what you've been doing! Brave.
Thank you, Senator!
Not acceptable. This is the people's business and the people's house.  Our democracy is at stake. @maggieNYT
You go, girlfriend
HOW?!
Thank you for speaking up!
Except that HE DID do that. Members of the press were told to stop filming. Are you saying they did that on their own?
Thank you, Senator.
A bunch of us have been calling but the phone lines have been busy
Call a local office, all connected.
Stand your ground... we've got you!!!  WE, the American citizen, DEMAND a free and open press...There should be NO restriction to OUR reps!!
#RIPDemocracy
The halls of Congress are public property. Senators are public servants, not autocrats beholden only to wealthy patrons.
.@amyklobuchar  also said #mccain was a PATRIOT! Past participle WAS is accurate
Hold. Him. To. It.
Thank you for standing up!
Are you sure, because it sounds like he did
Stand firm for the good of democracy!
Thank you, Senator! You're a true asset to our state and country!
One wonders why they wanted to make the change w/o your informed consent if they "didn't plan to enforce it anyway"?
Thank you so very much.  Talk about a gas light. Things must be getting pretty sticky for the Administration.
Senator they are killing democracy with secret meetings and now this.  Fight
Keep pushing! 1st Amendment is CRUCIAL to maintaining an open society! #MNvoter
@biannagolodryga That man's frm alabama, so U won't hav a say he lied 2 u
Democracy dies in darkness.
Klobuchar fighting the good fight!!
Thank you
Then what happened?
So it came from Shelby?
Thx for all you do.  We have your back.
Thank you Senator!! What a crazy time it is
Thank you for your service!
ummmmm.... then how'd it get enforced? Because today it was....

And so what... you've now been consulted. So all systems go??
Thank you.  Not a partisan issue.
Hold many, many interviews in the hallways.  All Dems should.  Who cares if GOP congress never has an open interview again.
Great idea!!!
Then whose idea was it in the first place?
Thank you!
Please find out who sent the gallery staff to clear the filming reporters, if not  @SenShelby
Shelby is an un-American jackass
Ah well why are people saying they have been told they can't film ??? Cus it's happening right now who's lying?
Thanks for protecting our 1st Amendment rights.
CNN, NyTimes, WaPo, NBC, ABC to the rear please.
Thank you.
It's as if the @GOP strategy now is to just TRY to test the bullshit waters, to see if anything bites when they stick a toe in.
KY thanks you
14 Defining Characteristics of Fascism:
6. Controlled Mass Media - Sometimes to media is directly controlled by the government, but in other
From other reporters tweets, they are already prohibiting access. You may want to put this on speed dial.
CALL YOUR SENATORS TODAY AND EVERYDAY ABOUT THIS & ACA 202 456-1111 they will put you through to your senator.
What is happening? That a rhetorical question bc it autocracy and I have tears in my eyes, I knew he was a bad choice!
Then why did he do it to begin with. His answer is not sufficient!
It's not really surprising though, is it. They don't play by rules anymore. and they have NO RESPECT for the constitution. #concernedvoter

Seems fishy, senator from alabama being sneaky on day Beauregard is testifying
Thank you!
The senate number is busy keep calling!
Restricting the press isn't American. Don't be shady if you don't want to be caught.
Good job, Amy! Thank you.
And we must get #Alabama to hold @SenShelby accountable.
Oh honey (from Birmingham)
