I know Sen. McCain is getting lots of headlines, but Sens Collins & Murkowski deserve every ounce of our gratitude. Abused & stood strong.
And still facing what I expect to be vile tweets directed at them by the white house. Bravo, #Collins #Murkowski #McCain!
...and I'm sure they know it too and weren't fazed by it. Says everything you need to know about Cheeto's political "clout" in the senate.
So much truth! Yes!
Thank you to you and all of your Democratic colleagues for continuing to defend healthcare access for Americans against all attacks.
I don't have any Respect for Republicans but I want to say to these two Women thank you for doing the right thing for your States & Country
Obamacare is still crashing. So, sure lets Thanks these fools?
For the moment, yes! Dont trust McCain tho!
Unfortunately @LindseyGrahamSC tweeted today that he agrees w/ Trump. "O-care is fatally flawed & needs to be replaced". Most likely b/c of:
Amen to that!You did a great, good thing, changing the course of our history in the process, no doubt.Thank you from the bottom of my heart!
Thank you Senators Its NOT over, Trump plans to FORCE ACA to FAIL by not giving State Subsidies that are used for HC programs 4 American's
Liberalism is not leadership, not patriotism, but awash in the failing ideology of socialism.
#anothertrumpfailure
Mostly to Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins.
Leadership: the action of leading a group of people or an organization. Who did they strongly lead?
Amen 2 that! Leave it to the women to do the right thing! Sen McCain, once a hero always a hero, always a hero, forever a Mench! #MnchMcCain
you & staff exempt from Ocare, Why? big subsidies, no wonder you do nothing. win the ObamaCare fight: End the  |
and ALL the democrats!
And the entire Dem Senators for taking down McConnel as his band of "OLD, WHITE, MEN!"
They created mass pandemonium chaos in the process. Obama Care is a disaster and so many regular Americans are hurting right NOW.
Grow up
And Mazie Hirono as well!!
Minnesota need to vote you out... we can do it Minnesota
Trump haters who placed their hatred ahead of the interest of the nation.
THATS NOT LEADERSHIP! F.Y.! YOU GUYS ARE DONE!
Hypocrites all...
God bless the courageous Sen's who defeated the repeal of AHA! The rich don't need to be richer, and the poor can't survive becoming poorer!
And thanks to you, too!! 
Yes thank you
@SenatorCollins @SenDeanHeller @SenJohnMcCain @robportman @SenAlexander @lisamurkowski @SenCapito
These people are liars.
Oh my, yes. Such "leadership" has never been seen before. (Other than, perhaps Germany)
Please let's not forget thanks to every single Democrat! 
Ps ... "Thanks, Obama!"
See his arm?
.@Scaramucci you been studying your boss close I see...@realDonaldTrump #TrumpCrimeFamily #LockThemAllUp 
Strong at keeping your health plan will strapping the American people with a substandard pile of crap
Thanks to the Democratic Senators who stood united!
Move Forward with 2018 mid-term Elections!
All 3 hated by liberals! Won't take long before they're back on the liberal sh^tlist. Fleeting popularity when they vote against their party
Ha ha, this was more choreographed than the ballet. Apologies to Lisa Simpson.
#AmericansforCongresscare
To GOP senators who voted for a skinny bill:  This is what moral courage looks like!  Shame to those who voted party over people
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins  have voted  no several times to protect healthcare.  Way 2 go ladies!!
And also to the Dems, including you, who stood United and never blinked.

When the chips are down,only then do we know who our true Patriots are.Your finest hours are those used for All Americans!Not just the rich.
where were they during the election
Don't forget Masie. It's as tough on her as it is on McCain
Please tell them that personally for me, would you?
Did you say the same thing about the 39 Democrats who didn't vote for Obamacare?
And the thousands of protestors who pushed back & refused to give up. I hope tho that all stay vigilant b/c healthcare was only 1st battle
AND What about the senator from Hawaii who flew in and has stage 4 cancer we praise McCain, lets remember how brave SHE is too please
All you idiots are still behind the disaster that ACA (Obamacare) is??????!!!!!!!!! Are you braindead or what?????!!!!!!!
Thank you for your consistent dedication and for being a representative I have such great confidence in #relieved #proudtobeminnesotan
Yes thank you for being strong and showing true leadership.America thanks you regardless of what @realDonaldTrump says. U did country proud
We are very thankful
And the rest of the @gop who ignored their constituents, look for a new job
They are hypocrites
Don't forget to thank these
Thanks to Amy klobuchar
#OpLibTard
Obamacare was designec to fail from day 1. So hillary #thestench could usher in single payer. You imbeciles on this thread are a disgrace..
The usual america haters raise their heads
Thanks for listing Murkowski and Collins first. They deserve more credit for standing in opposition before the vote.
That's true leadership
And thanks to you, for supporting them as they did it!
And to you @amyklobuchar and @SenFranken for fighting for all of us in Minnesota.
Thank them for allowing me to pay $1190 in fines b/c I can't afford the $517 monthly premiums with $1000 deductible. $100 month to NOT HAVE
Well, that's one way of putting it.
Amen
Let's not forget these people. I like to think they helped.
By being paid to protest a healthcare bill no matter what was in it? They were already blockading hallways before the bill was announced
What they do show people where the restrooms were?
Never prouder!
I am thankful for the Democratic Senators who never backed down. Eternally grateful.
Leadership or cowardice?  Truth or deceit?
yes thanks to them & the @SenateDems people will really have no ins, cont to not b able to use it if they have it, wont b able to afford it
@maddow Thank them from  all of the millions of ppl whom will have Health care. 3 true American Hero's. Saving lives! GBU
Let's keep Obamacare! So sad
And also thanks to you, Senator, as well as the Democratic Senators for looking after us!
Also the Democratic caucus. Thank you Senator!
And to you and all the @SenateDems who have been fighting the good fight.
Can we please get more women in office!! Sick of old white men charting the course of my nation! Thank you AMY, & SUSAN too!! Rep or Dem OK!
Got way more respect for Lisa and Susan's NO from the beginning. Not so much John. He should've said no & we wouldn't have needed last nite.
Only 1 question-why did they wait until now to stand up or their constituents?
And all @TheDemocrats. Thank you!
I called their offices today to thank them!!!  My kids lives are at stake!!!
Doing what should be expected isn’t leadership.
#Collin#Murkowsi#McCain working #AcrossTheIsle Dems please do the same
Agreed now take the lead, get together w/women, mathematicians statisticians hospital, insurers, Pharma, docs in a room and hammer it out
Senator McTurtle gave us the opening.
Go "European style" single payer health care.
No time to be timid.



Traitors they all got elected to repeal blue gums care and they all should be replaced
Pretty sure Alex Jones is gonna claim a brain implant made McCain vote the way he did. Trump will nod and think it's possible.
Thank you Susan, John and Lisa.  We are very fortunate to have you protecting health care.
And many many thanks to you too Senator Klobuchar.
And thank you and the rest of the demos for sticking together for the good of the country.
And thank you, Senator, for including the names of Senators Collins and Murkowski.
Thank YOU Amy! So nice to live in a state where I don't have to beg my reps for my life.
Thank you, Senator Collins, for voting with your heart instead of with your party.
Thank you Senator Murkowski, for voting with your heart instead of with your party.
As a a 50 year old man buying my insurance for the first time I agree!
I'll finally be able to get to sleep without the stress of this dark cloud over my head. I have cancer. Can now focus on healing. TY TY
John McCain stared his mortality in he face & thumbs downed the awful example of horrible healthcare from the #GOP
Thank you Sens Murkowski, Collins and McCain for standing up for your country and going against party for the good of the people!!!
And will you still be praising them when Obamacare completely collapses?
These ladies have shown America what strength,courage, conviction looks like. More women in leadership please. No offense Senator McCain :)
Lol how? By not having a backbone?
Amy why not pay for the insurance out of your pocket instead of making your constituents if you care so much? #itsnotfreeifyouhaveajob
"thank you for changing your mind about smashing my face with your boot! such leadership!"
Also thanks to all the Democrat senators who never wavered in their support of the ACA.
For showing their true party loyalty to the DNC
I'm from MN and  you DON'T represent me in any way, shape or form.
Losers.  They need to make it official and register as Democrats.
How ironic that Ted Kennedy fought so hard for Obamacare and now John McCain fought so hard to save it as each fought brain cancer.
Thank you for caring and voting.
And all the Democrats!
I'd like to thank the 48 Democrats - especially those in red states @clairecmc @Sen_JoeManchin @SenatorHeitkamp
And thank you Senator Klobuchar.
And thanks to all the Democrats, esp. @RonWyden , for their continued resistance to all the horrible things GOP is trying to do.  2018!
Strong women who care about their constituents should be commended and we need more of them!
So grateful for GOP senators who still can look themselves in the mirror and say I'm here for the right reasons! McCain, Collins, Murkowski!
Democratic unity was great too. And Bernie managed to not wander off.
Karma is vicious @SenateMajLdr , has infinite memory and very sharp teeth! You asked for this smack down, and good for America, got it!
30 million thanks!!
Thank you too Amy
Yes! And adding twitter handles so they can be thanked over and over.  @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain .
Yes, now MoC protect us-ACA haters trying to sabatoge-continuing to put OUR lives at risk, mend ACA for Americans, not $ tax cut for rich.
We still have heroes !!!
Thank you @amyklobuchar and all the other Dem/Ind senators for your fight! Should not be overlooked.
God Bless all 3 of them. Send Collins & Murkowski showed that adhering to your principles & courage can make a difference!!
Ditto, what @amyklobuchar said. People before Party!
Thank you Senator Collins for voting to fix Obamacare!  You have insured your place on the right side of history!  Brava!
You need to fix the Medical Device Tax!
Now push leadership to move to some bipartisan fixes.  Let's not play the political game and get down to business.
Leadership of who? Certainly not those who voted for them! Start polishing up your resumes!
Thank you @DNC for hanging in there for us. Now make sure dump is funding health care!! #SinglePayer
Why do democrats hate America? Why do democrats celebrate death? #CharlieGard.... abortion
Thank you @amyklobuchar for your work to save healthcare.  Now we need to aim for universal coverage.
Thank you for staying strong
Thank you, Senator, from CA
TY for letting the working poor an older generation without affordable HC! The poor have more rights then the American working for a living.
Leadership is leading your party in creating a health care bill that works for America. This is failed leadership.
Why is this a good thing?? Do you not realize that Obamacare is partly to blame for the loss of our hospital in MN?
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins   Thank you, just thank you. Now can everyone play well together?
Thank you, Senator, for your leadership as well. All of us in MN appreciate you and @alfranken.
McCain is a real American hero.Collins and Murkowski are republican superstars.The five sens who were talking before the vote are blowhards
Yes thanks for nothing! Let Obamacare implode and we can start the death panels! Disgraceful!
The country thanks you
Thank you Amy for being a rockstar no matter the vote
A new chapter has been written!
I predict history will call them heroes
Strong leadership for socialism and bigger Government!! Betrayed his own heroism and voted to give Freedoms to government! Sickening.
I second that!
Looks like Sen Collins won the duel!!
Thank you for putting country first!  Now I hope Congress will adopt your attitudes and work together.
This was not leadership! This was betrayal. Ppl who think this was a good thing are wrong. Am I the only one in MNdrowning in my healthcare?
It's like we have children in the WH!  No one can get along!  No one can discuss!  You are all hurting the very ppl that voted for you!
Don't say these ppl are strong and are leaders!  They just stabbed us all in the back! Grow up, work together, and get our Healthcare fixed!
Not leadership. Naivety. Repeal with no replacement. We the people can provide for ourselves.
As well as the 48 democrats who have consistently voted with their conscience. Let's not forget them just because they're democrats.
They did what the people wanted @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS  please don't say otherwise. I applaud their courage to vote for us. Thank you
Apparently the only Republicans with any dignity left!
They are idiots.

That it took 3 people to do what the one Pres Woman we elected would have done says volumes
Yes indeed. So relieved today.
They also showed tremendous courage because they now face the wrath of the Mad King. Fear not Senators we have your back!
They are traitors! Fake GOP!
I agree Senator the Dems and 3 brave Rep. helped their constituants, thanks for nothing the rest of GOP Senators #Unite Blue
For doing what
@chucktodd @TODAYshow @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski Thank you for YOUR commitment & leadership! @SenJohnMcCain Thnx for closing the deal!
Thank you for standing up to the bully.  His promises are like the weather, changes from minute to minute. Not trustworthy
Bless them and you and the Dems who worked so hard. Now bipartisan work to fix. Thank you.
Thank u @SenJohnMcCain for not taking the loyalty pledge the president so desperately need...thank u
These Senators abandoned the American people and you praised them. Dems will face a huge defeat in midterm elections. You deserve it!
Yes, it's the women who do the heavy lifting and the men who get the credit. Thank you for calling out the strength of Lisa and Susan.
 And to thousands of infuriated Americans who called, marched, emailed, tweeted & attended townhalls!
The women and the Maverick!
And ALL of the Democract....leadership and unity.
I am sure they are proud...weak
Thank you too!!!!'
Thank You! Worth staying up for...
