Stop playing party politics, and ignoring Minnesotians who voted Trump. He only lost by 44k votes. I voted Trump. Represent me
especially with Russia openly pushing our boundaries...Time to #impeach
Libs are true jackasses..way to put your cart before the horse..or jackass in this case..
Well, some contact is going to have to be allowed to conduct the business of the American government. Question on the table.
Yes. Happy you are my representative. Grateful love.
Love Amy Klobuchar. Everyone does.
Yes, Amy, please keep going.
Does the WH really expect us to believe that DT had no idea those aides were in contact with Russia or what they discussed?
DO NOT LET UP! INVESTIGATE! This is huge and America knows it. Stop these lunatics from trashing the US any further!
We need new elections. Nothing can be salvaged from the 2016 catastrophe. President Pence is not the answer.
I'm pretty close to being ok with coup. Interim Executive, disband congress, Sen and SC determine spec election
This whole story has been debunked. Get back to work with OUR President to fix this country, or you'll be fired. #fakenews #failingNYT
100% with you Senator.
Anything your constituents can do to help? Please let us know!!
It's time to talk Impeachment- I'm sure it will be worse than reported.
If there is direct evidence of these contacts they must be investigated - now. We need strong unbiased press.
... wondering when election "wrongdoing" will be confirmed and this craziness stopped!
YES!!!
America deserves representation by people with compassion, brains & integrity. Behind you 1000% on this Amy! Go girl!
You know so much how come we the public have not been offer one sentence to proof what you  are saying about the Russians
! Thanks for looking out for the AMERICAN people! Steve Bannon an invisible snake. He concerns many of us!
good, if the Russians helped keep the crook Hillary out
We shall see who was leaking info from Intel agency won't that interesting, Go Trump drain the swamp!
don't be a hack Amy. The same article states their is no evidence of cooperation/interference. I  u were better than this.
Why is there a picture of John Kerry over Trump's left shoulder?
-Watergate was an appetizer compared to Russiagate. This will get ugly through '17; won't be a lot of governing.
thank you! Keep digging at this.
Please be persistant and watch the Trump Team unravel.
yeah! FINALLY! Let's get rid of the entire lot of them! Thank you, Senator!
White House is behaving like a South Park farce-only WH is a GENUINE FARCE
No "business as usual" until We The People have answers about Trump and Russia.  Shut it down. #Resist
Election is over. Do something positive or stop obstruction. Radical Islamists want us dead!
Thank you Senator! We need your calm steady leadership! Don't back down!
The treasonous leaks from WH appear to be coming from top Obama holdovers just maybe investigate them!
Pence needs to go
press forward, senator
Thank you Any. As a very concerned MN resident I appreciate you watching out for us.
Thank you for your leadership. #persist
Thank you for recognizing the severity of this, and pushing the investigation. Please do not let up on this-we need the truth!
too bad u were not this interested lying Hillary and her illegal server.
Keep his feet to the fire, Senator.

Keep pushing, Amy!
yep, those damn Russians. No matter what rock we overturn they are there (wink)
yes fully agree, too many connection.
Yes! Please stick on this. If the administration has nothing to hide, then they need to be open (...and honest ).
please push for this.... This issue transcends politics
MN voters of all kinds stand behind you. Thanks for doing your job.
Putin's Puppet needs investigation now. Stand your ground!!
Hold them accountable on this!
get the answers and then do what is right for the U.S.
bring the fight to Trump. Please be vocal and provocative to bring this tyrant down.
shut down the senate until this is investigated. THIS HAS BECOME UNTENABLE #ResistTrump
Yes! We need a full independent investigation.
Thank you Senator Klobuchar for doing what's right.
BTW, this isn't NEW NEWS... Let's look back to August, 2016, for example: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/08/29/us/politics/document-Reid-Letter-to-Comey.html … Where were @SenateDems then?
Nice to see you're finally paying attention to this issue--I mean CRISIS. Better late than never, I suppose. #TheResistance
Yawn. Here's a headline for you: Dateline November 2018. Dems lose even more seats. Keep up the good work #MAGA
give em hell Amy! We must persist!
Need you now more than ever. Dems need to freeze everything  until investigations started
keep them on the straight and narrow!
@ Senator, I am confident you will not rest until this matter is resolved. Please keep pushing for a thorough investigation.
What is the bill number?
-@amyklobuchar @alfranken Minnesota is behind you. Real journalists, social media, Facebook and Twitter - we must use these tools as assets.
everyone in that picture is a treasonous, bigoted, racist, and a terrorist. they all must be arrested, tried, and executed.
we need an independent investigation please support it.
Investigating treason isn't a witch hunt.
Sen, we're all depending on good folks like yourself to get to the bottom of this story. Don't let up. Don't quit.
at THIS moment the best thing you cN do is BLOCK any attempt to lift those sanctions on Russia!! @SenJohnMcCain #OilOligarchy
