YOU HEARD IT HERE FOLKS.
You are completely wrong. The accord would have done that. You support ethanol production which is bad for the environment. Hypocrite
I don't think you realize what just happened.
Oh I do.  The treaty would have had zero impact on global warming but a huge impact on redistribution of wealth.
This is what is going to happen. We left the table and now the rest of the world will control regulations and we stop exporting.
Would you like to make a wager on that? How can you support a treaty that doesn't regulate China and India now? They are the top violaters
What is going to happen when Ford makes cars they can't export because they don't meet regulations we had no part in creating. Think!
If the accord is kept jobs will be lost due to unrealistic regulations. The climate ebbs and flows. When I was a kid the warned of ice age.
Can you rewrite that? Read it because it makes no sense.
How does this save the planet when the 2 worst polluting countries, China & India, aren't required to reduce emissions? #ParisAgreement
It is an agreement not a requirement and just after 1 year China and India have both surpassed in renewable energy
Surpassed ? Who? With millions in poverty and only a hand ful with cars in comparison? When have you travel to these countries?  Really
What is going to happen when Ford can't export cars because they don't meet regulations we had no say in. Start thinking big picture.
That's ok they are entrepreneurs and inventors.  They'll get it
Using that scenario why haven't they found found jobs for all these coal workers that are out of work?
Show me the facts
The stock market disagrees.
What does the Stock Market have to do with the effects of Climate change? You can't eat money, honey!
She said not good for the economy. Her claim.
We hope Congress solves this and fast tracks removing him... collusion, corruption, obstruction of justice, treason... geez...
No, it is not
The people elected Trump to stop the liberal madness.  Thank God for @realDonaldTrump
The US no longer leads on security, economy, or environment. We are marginalized internationally by #Trumpsterfire
Agreed  tough call , hard to be partnered with Syria and N Korea as well as Nicaragua seems a bit out of sync not our normal Allies
US Gov was so stupid, they signed 2 give climate assistance to China, then borrowed from China to make budget?  Paris Accord, out of budget!
Paris Accord=US pays billions, India and China double coal energy production over next 2 decades.  #stupid
A lot of people disagree. Perhaps government and Hollywood folks should give up their jets. That may help
Maybe not good for the countries receiving the $$$ the USA was handing over. Not a good deal
Billions required frm US under Paris Accord, but we can't verify how spent.  Until this year, China was on undeveloped list 2 receive assist
@amyklobuchar Any chance Minnesota can join NY,CA and WA with the "United States Climate Alliance"?
You'll want to go to Gov.Dayton! But seriously, that would be really high-impact.
MN electricity generation is pretty dirty - pct reductions in emissions would be higher leverage than other three states in the alliance
(https://archive.epa.gov/epa/sites/production/files/2016-09/documents/minnesota.pdf … MN source)
MN averaged 2,000 lbCO2 per mWH (vs ~ half that in WA, NY, CA).
WA and CA have the benefit of hydro power, but I agree with your thinking! 
I lived in WA for a long time, hydropower was a key force there; but wind is very easy to underestimate and is a midwestern advantage
Indeed..now, how to "grab temp-fluctuating wind swirls" for wind energy &preempt tornadic activity!! Come on ppl,are you scientists or not !
Incorrect since1970...too little too late."parisagreement"=anachronism irrelevant to EARTH ECOLOGICAL COLLAPSE CASCADE NOW.
We should have left it or renegotiated. Now if Trump does not have an aggressive clean energy policy, that will be a problem.
Yep.. now in the group with Syria and Nicaragua ..... very scary
9/10 or more of those countries signed to get $$ from the US
Paris accord demands US support climate protection in underdeveloped nations? 150 signed, 2 get US $. Natins w/o gov or food, can't climate.
Paris Accord did not restrict other nations like India & China as much as US.  Required billions in aid to under developed nations.
How does recovering sovereignty over climate decisions affect security? Dems R just fear mongers.  Hurray 4 President Trump, saved us Billns
You obviously did not hear the terms?  It strangled the US, especially in coal production, while other nations continue 2 produce.
Right on Amy! Fortunately, we can reverse this by booting Trump and his bozo buddies out in 2020!
you know our climate would be better if democrats would stop blowing so much hot pungent air. Why do you always fail to give any specifics
Agree
And Nicaragua refused to sign b/c the accord didn't go far enough to combat climate change! [ @BrianCDeese on @PodSaveAmerica ]
Amy, I think you are amazing but you really need to raise the roof on this and Trump! MN nice is not effective, take off the gloves please!
Shameful - what good is wealth if the planet dies
This'll be the new way to describe any use of the word 'backwards', such as:  I accidentally ran into someone when I was walking Republican.
I wish the media would report that basics of the Paris Agreement.  Maybe if we all knew what was in it, we could form our own opinion of it.
And Al is still aligning with Kathy Griffin.....yikes!
45 doesn't know what people for #climate #FactsMatter #Minnesota
Did you know there used to. E icebergs in MN? Pretty sure people weren't around for THAT global warming...think people think
Organize CONGRESS INVOKE ARTICLE 25- removal of president for "disability"- 
@realDonaldTrump is proud to be on the same list as Syria and Nicaragua
He's trying to make the USA a third world country!
Finally relief from Leftist stupidity!
You mean, step back to prosperity! Boom!
I wonder just how much trump (sorry refuse to cap the name), or is buddies are making off of this "deal?" The earth is sobbing right now!
Killing our industry, as #ParisAgreement would, would harm our security.
#ParisAgreement would have "small" effect, if fully implemented (good luck with Communist China). http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/1758-5899.12295/full …
china is already making progress, though yes, they have a long way to go. The issue is that if China develops the Tech first, we ...
how about this state climate group that CA, NY, & WA are talking about? any thoughts on MN joining? Some kind of mutual benefit agreement?
Backwards is where Trump-pests want to go. Next step, bringing back Jim Crow.
what will you and @SenFranken do?  How can our state collectively declare how #climatechange is important for our citizens?
we already have various efforts across sectors in non profits, academia, private sector, fdns, making progress.
time to collectively present a United front declaring our leadership and commitment to #COP21 as Minnesotans.
Is it true that the Paris guidelines for withdrawal require a letter of withdrawal, which can't happen until 2019, final signature in 2020?
It's just wrong when a few can screw things up so BAD!!
Amy, you are living in a bubble. The things that are happening are happening because the people that elected the president wanted it.
So do people who do not agree just stand by and say nothing? That is not democracy. Regardless of your Party, at least people are engaged.
I'm okay with that. We just all need to talk. Ms. Klobuchar needs to hear opposing view points from her constituents as well
word. Us Minnesotans at least can have civil debate.  there's at least 2 sides to every situation
We have failed #bigly
Do something, too much talk from dems with nothing happening. Could effect dem votes in 2018
WRONG!
Fail to see the step backwards as billions maybe even trillions spent on un-elected global governance will be spent in the USA.
Will Congress act to hold Trump accountable before he does irrevocable damage?  #trumprussia
You've just shown your ignorance. Trump is willing to work a deal but not one that is so negatively skewed against the US.
Thank God for someone who will stand up for those suffering because of this fraud Senator. Get a spine and join the right side of history.
So maddening. I guess Trump is counting only on Coal country to get him reelected.
I disagree
Of the other two ... Syria is in the midst of a Civil War ... and Nicaragua felt the #ParisAccord did not go far enough.
I love how you declare stupid sh*t like this with nothing to support it .@amyklobuchar. Party of science my corpulent *ss
I know why GOP loved the Mueller pick. It will take decades to reveal how deeply our democracy was wounded. No one will care. Too late.
Nicaragua is 1 of 3. They aren't  in it because they think it's not strong enough&  are taking more strident actions to protect the env't
Disagree.  Let people in Paris handle.  Please focus on US and Minnesota.
Step? Or massive fall off the cliff.
Yeah, so what are you and the Dems going to actually DO about it?
It doesn't have to be a step backwards if everyone pitches in to help.  The bad part is Trump will take credit for all our work.
Senator, what can be done about it? Since it doesn't go into afffect until 2020, is this issue another distraction from #Trumprussia ?
Want 2 destabilize your enemy? Slash environmental policies that protect Americans but obstruct Russian efforts 2 colonize oil-rich Arctic.
Nicaragua thought Paris Accord wasn't ambitious enough and Syria is at war. So USA is pretty much alone in the world club of stupid. Sorry 
Climate change is also a factor in Syrian War where 70% of livestock died from severe droughts. It is said to be the first climate conflict.


We don't have to go back far ... just eight years. They need to be completely erased.
its not good for our economy by keeping millions of jobs, trillions of dollars, and allowing for tremendous American business growth?
Every word of that tweet was wrong. Impressive in a way.
I really wish that all the stupid things he does only affected his supporters.
It helps make American great
Have you even read the agreement?
