What's more outrageous is the degree to which #RadicalizedDemocrats are covering up massive voter fraud nationwide .@amyklobuchar
How come nobody can ever find more than a dozen cases when they investigate? Dems are that good at it or what?
Since when do dems care about people's privacy?
Yes, it certainly is outrageous!!!
#Michigan #Officials we havent #heard that you're #protecting the #MI #citizens #privacy as in #MN #Ohio #Louisianna #IA etc...
Effort should be in safeguarding our voting processes, thank you
The DHS NSA FBI already have all citizenship, residents and illegals in several federal databases you know it.  Stop the fake grandstanding
Where Are his Tax Returns? He said numerous times he'd make them public& has Not! He does Nothing but LIE,LIE,LIELIE,ETC!!
Total BS. Security my behind.
Why don't you start representing ALL Minnesotans instead of your idiology??  We are not your piggybank, nor your ego builders.
How about first Trump releases his personal tax returns for the last 20 years AND all of the business tax returns for the last 20 years.
Speaking of tax returns: funny, poor one term senator from Illinois just bought an $8M house after being POTUS for 8 yrs on $400k per year.
Who cares?
Your are so worried about where Presidents get their money and their dealings; you care.
Agree 100%
Sensitive info? Well then do something on the front end.  http://gravismarketing.com/minnesota-voting-records/ …

I mean really?  You're playing politics and blaming DJT?
Playing politics? This is bipartisan issue.  Even states like Mississippi and Kentucky also flatly declined request.
She's playing dumb, or she's absent minded Amy.  This info ALREADY EXISTS and is bought and sold to be used by campaigns already. See link
When they buy voting info, they don't get your last 4 SS, birth date, and all other info they requested, AND make it all PUBLIC.
funny what people consider "private"  Currently they buy: ethnicity, race, religion, income Phone #s interest groups clubs memberships etc,
“It is beyond stupid." Experts warn Trump voter-fraud panel’s data request a gold mine for hackers
...beyond stupid DJT wants a DtaBse of voters only 2B reviewed by GOVT bcos it'll be hacked, when said GOVT already has SoSec DB on everyone
perhaps voter info (1/2 of the population that voted), with BD and last4 SSN can be stored on the SS admin server where it is already 4all.
They are trying 2 come up w a solution 4 a problem that essentially doesnot exist, by any credible study or measure.
But elected Republicans are your friends
Do you oppose the census as well?
Census data is always aggregated, nothing identifiable is released until decades later. Quite different from this data request.
The commission has already said they will not release this info just like the Census.
It smells of McCarthy, finding out who are friends or foes of Trump, by means of our voting records. So much about this isn't right!
I bet you voted for Hillary didn't ya!
Irrelevant, Spanky. Private data should not be made public, regardless of who you voted for.
Spanky doesn't understand the necessity of preserving the anonymity of voting. Probably wonders why we aren't just raising our hands to vote
Oh Spank does understand why liberals fight voter registration. Name me another country that allows non citizens to vote in there elections.
I can't name *another* country that allows that, because I can't even name one. We don't allow noncitizens to vote.
The hell you say.. it happens in every election and you know it unless you have your head in the sand. Liberalism is a sickness of the mind
It is all B.S. Dems let illegals pour in because they want the votes.  Quit insulting our intelligence. Of course there is illegal voting.
Thank you Amy
Totally agree!!!
voter roles are public record.
But requiring an ID is too much to ask for.....
You are doing my home state Proud Senator!  You and Kamela Harris are going to do great things!
It's public information, frankly as a constituent I'd like to see it too, Minnesots voter fraud is commonly known to happen
We know that voter data would only be compiled for nefarious purposes: voter suppression, gerrymandering, re-election
Please answer why the fake outrage when this info is available.  Did you use it for your campaign?  Answer is most certainly, yes
There are deceased people on MN voter rolls.  Further it is very easy for someone to go vote under someone else's name since no ID check.
Thank you.  Bipartisan agreement on this one. Proud to be Minnesotan.
It's public information! Only information that was asked for is PUBLIC!
Then where is #Trumps #public info?
Oh that's right your Democrat see you like that fraudulent illegal voting out there idiot
No we need to get to the bottom of fraud and illegal voting help America to get honest voting out there
Thank you, Senator @amyklobuchar! You are so correct on this. The occupant of the Oval is not well. #totalitarian #dictatorship #privacy
I smell Fear on Democrats..add in Sanctuary Cities and California's Motor Voter registration & we get Fear.
It's pretty simple, everybody over the age of 18 should automatically be allowed to vote! No exceptions!
what makes it Okay for states to have this so-called sensitive Info, but not "OUR" government
You're a joke
you mean requesting Info so sensitive that states have already collected it?? THINK ABOUT IT, It will come to you......
Ok, you made did your grandstanding for the day now go back to your crossword puzzle
Fight for us Amy.
The information they want would be used to surprise the vote. Total B.S.
why are they allowed to waste tax dollars on this while crying poor on virtually every other aspect of government?
We want to make it easier for hackers to get our info by putting it all in one place...protected by what? Russians didn't have any trouble.
Thank you, Senator! - MN Voter @alfranken @RepErikPaulsen
I feel like Trump wants to use all our info to take advantage in upcoming elections and in his re election.
Thank you, Amy!  I'm pretty worried that Minnesota will go along with this.  I really hope NOT!
Great job Sen. Amy! Here goes my champion from MN, again...
Grateful for your and @SenFranken's leadership in DC & pleased w/ @MNSteveSimon's decision to not release requested data
That's giving Russia everything, stand firm! Count ballots by hand, safer!
The POTUS wants all this sensitive info on voters but won't even release his taxes. This investigation is a waste of tax payers money.
Thank you! You are truly amazing, always. I hope one day you become our president. 
False & fearmongering..how much data is that? Just your name, state, political affiliation, & last 4 digits of your SS#. #keepingvoteshonest
He attempting to set up an autocracy.
This guy Kris Kobach is "currently" sanctioned by a judge and fined a $1000 for misrepresentation in court. Rethuglicans plan to steal 2018!
AMY?  I kinda think the GOV. and the IRS already have all that info. No Privacy issues here.What are you afraid of Amy?
What are you hiding. It's public information! You should be impeached!!
If it's public, why are they not following due process and paying the fees for the information?  WI SOS said theirs is available for $12,500
If any #Trumptards come to PA, we have away of making them feel welcome. We throw them in a lake, a lake with catfish that bite. #GoFlyAKite
GOP says that if you have a drivers license the constitution says you are allowed to vote, otherwise not so much
what  a gong show..
Cover up the fraud! Reveal of fraud would hurt dems chances of winning. If there were no fraud, there would b no Sen Franken.
But let's not worry about the integrity of the vote right?
This guy is not just suppressor of vote...but ties to the Racist Bigots...Terrorist of our nation...must be stopped...now.
Talk to the NSA about "security and privacy" and how does the request of public record data infringe on anyone's right to vote?
I would also agree, if our sensitive data was not already used to allow illegals to use it to work & claim tax refunds. #IdenttyTheft
I home congress can take a stand on protecting voter privacy rights
Let's just require photo Id and proof of residency. That'll work too.
We do require proof of residency.
How?
i would agree, except California has already violated that privacy by selling voter role calls to third parties.
You feel that way about gun ownership too right? RIGHT??
Thank you Senator Klobuchar!
if it is so outrageous where do all the mail and robocalls come from every election cycle ??
Parties can buy voting info. Dif is doesn't not include your last 4 SS, your  birth date, etc. AND make all info PUBLIC.
Really...then how do they know registered voters are citizens and  elegible voters?
They who?
Scared of what might be uncovered?  Worried that there actually be something to it, unlike the Russia probe?
Thank you Sen, You appreciate you and love you! Keep up the good work. Oh, and single payer and 45 impeachment please!
I meant We appreciate you- sorry typo
Also need to protect healthcare. Pls connect w your GOP colleagues & tell them NOT to accept McConnell's bargaining chips.
It's public info. Anyone can request it.
FYI, Senator https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1eyt6aQdJZrfC9vFHtqMeJftRW8nBoBzGsz7-bPcTHv8/htmlview …
I think you misspelled non-citizens'.
So let's publicize all citizens' info. Yeah, no thanks.
Thanks for all your hard work, I appreciate it.
Thank you @amyklobuchar, for helping safeguard our right to privacy!
What are you afraid of....finding voter fraud??
You follow this person. 
https://twitter.com/storagebusters1/status/881001995997401088 …
You and @CoryBooker follow this person. Why Senator? You should know better. You are a Senator of the US
https://twitter.com/storagebusters1/status/881001995997401088 …
On an insecure platform.  And from a leading voter rights suppression advocate and white nationalist.  Oh, hell no.
You should report this person that YOU follow being disrespectful and offensive to The FLOTUS
https://twitter.com/storagebusters1/status/880474501892284416 …
Thank you for your diligence and care, and protecting us!
Amy, this info is given to campaigns all the time.  Why the fake outrage?
Thank you... can you imagine what they would do with that voter data?  I hope states continue to say no.
Sensitive info?  It's not like we have to show an ID in Minnesota to vote?  But then again we don't need to prove residency 4 welfare either
Thanks Senator! Glad to have you with us.
If only this outrage was there in the primaries when Bernie was cheated.
Oh, so you don't want any audits on the voter rolls Senator. Why is that? It seems that you don't mind a little voter fraud continuing.
Thanks Sen K. This is another hit to our freedoms by the Trump autocracy regime. Please stay strong and committed to America's cinstitution
Can MN state with absolute certainty that ppl here illegally were not allowed to vote? because that is not allowed by law, right, Amy?
Thanks for being visible and vocal on this.
this "sensitive info" they're requesting is already available, you pretending its not is inflammatory for partisan political purposes
Every state should shout that crap down!!! No American should stand for this bull!
We have faith that you, Governor Dayton and Sen Franken will do the right thing by us in Minnesota. Abuse of executive power cannot stand 
Idiots.
This is clearly voter supression. I felt violated when I heard about this happening.
Same.
Wait, what?  Sorry I am not understanding what you are saying. This is asking for info well after the election?
Info which can still affect you today: identify theft, discrimination, voter intimidation.
Citizens should have the right to sue the state and federal government for that outrageous request that's just bullshit
It is public information.  It is given to campaigns all the time.  U can go and get it, minus the last four digits of ssn.  Educate urself!
About that "Need to protect America's security and privacy and the right to vote"

When will the impeachment begin?
