This @GOP stunt is a disgrace to the #freepress, and democracy. Congress works for #wethepeople, an WE will hold them accountable.
I'm a we the people also. For a lot longer than you. I don't see the problem. Wait out side. Work harder.
You don't see that this is a ploy to remove the press further from representatives and thus limit the info gleaned? If not why not?
Yes. The media war is on. It's called fighting back. Media have zero credibility.
Honest question. Which sources do you find credible? Wondering which sources I should believe. Thanks
The AP.
And of course the anonymous source close to, fill in the blank.
Quit "calling out" & simply defy this rule. ALL Ds shld draw attention to secret healthcare bill & do it in front of reporters in the halls.
You mean Obamadon'tcare? Yes,  by all means shine the light of day on the disaster.  I'll be waiting with popcorn and a soda for the show .
I don't need the GOP to tell me anything. Webster's dictionary and or an in Cyclopedia will do wonders for you
you might need that dictionary yourself.
who the hell reads encyclopedias anymore??? ACA is in encyclopedias now? 
cmon now, he didn't say its in encyclopedia, he said its in Cyclopedia. 

Cyclopedia: the only magazine for bike racing alt-fact enthusiasts
What would you know of bike racing? I doubt you'd fit your tiny 375lb ass on any kind of bike!
At this point we are no longer a democracy.
We were never a democracy. Did you not take Civics and/or US history? We are a constitutional republic.
Do we individually directly vote on each piece of legislation or issue? Or do we elect Sens./Reps. to represent us? There's your difference.
The bullshits gonna flow whether they have access or not.
Unethical, biased reporters should be kept out.
History will not treat these people kindly.
We are not Russia, We are not North Korea, We are the people of the United States of America!! We bow to no Dictatorship or King!!!!!!!!
Looks like we have just become one. Until our indignation moves past a tweet, they'll keep getting away with it.
Thank you.
I am soo glad to see a woman with soo much courage to unite Ds and Rs to rebuild America. You are right no one is perfect. It is Muller's
It is Mullers moment to show his Just side. Anyway he works for all Americans.
Guess you must not be as as the Rs who cannot bear to be seen or questioned.  Good for you.
Absolutely. We need  @FreedomofPress in this country
What are you doing to stop AHCA?
Reporting in capital as usual sounds good to me.  Sounds bad not to.  Good job Senator!
Thank you.
Holy Crap! That's OUR BUILDING what happened to "WE THE PEOPLE" and First Amendment rights?!? @POTUS better back off of this !!
Seems to me that Citizens United began the process of transforming WE THE PEOPLE to WE THE CORPORATIONS when it was first adopted.
Thank you, Senator!
You mean with CNN in the back row?
Once again the Senator from Minnesota is Representing us and the nation.  I'm thinking...the women in the House and Senate awesome!
Agree!
Thank you Senator.
Hey @SenShelby, @SenateMajLdr @SenThadCochran @PatRoberts, remove restrictions on reporters immediately. It's our building, not yours.
When "reporters" go back to reporting
TY Senator.
thank you for standing up for our rights as the people who elected those in office
Dem Senators should talk to the press everyday. Shine the light of truth on the dark, back-room machinations of @GOP
Hell, I'd invite them into my office if I were them! Show the public what it's like when officials have nothing to hide!
Yes!
As always, thank you Senator. I'm proud that you and @alfranken are my representatives #Resistance
Amy, you might need to remind them that they serve at OUR pleasure in the PEOPLE'S HOUSE.
hold their feet to the fire!!!
maybe you could do something about the treatment of female senators during hearings?  or during speech to senate?? maybe something..
Do your job you partisan hack.  Fix your Obamacare disaster and stop colluding with the MSM in efforts to nullify valid election n results!
I'm with her.
I agree.
As we the people, employers of the US government, we call on the immediate resignation of the entire @GOP immediately.
Rejected! This is not normal circumstances!
Just continue to have interviews in the hallways.
I agree
@jaketapper Comey Says He Was Directed by Former AG Lynch Not to Call Hillary Email Probe an 'Investigation'
Yes.
Thank you. I hope the others listen.
Bravo.
How about a senate rule that says the witness must answer the question?!?!?
Of course you oppose this. The media is the strong arm of the Socialist agenda!
r there social programs u do like?
 4 ex. SS, SSDI,Medicare/Medicaid?They were not popular & considered socialist 2
Thank you Senator Klobuchar!
This is outrageous for @SenateGOP to even do it. What in the world is going on over there?  Ppl want answers!  Be transparent!  #FreePress
Amy, what about Trumps good friend spreading fake news??
@GOP doesn't want any sound bites of them gleefully taking away healthcare from Americans
What brought this on all of the sudden ? Anyone know ?
It's not really a building for the people at this point, it's more like a country club.
@SenateGOP You work for us! We want to know what's going on! Get out of the dark, communicate stop trying to hide our business.
Is the ban on press  in Senate hallways still happening? Heard might have been backtracked. Please respond
You are not a slave to Repubs. Dems should, en masse, hold sessions with media daily. Make show of it And shine the light on everything.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for speaking out early
@MEPFuller   Is Congress rolling over for Trump's insistence that Media is an enemy of the USA Little steps
Thank you.
Shouldnt be an ask but an insistence at any cost.Our democracy is starting to break down with WH assaults on its key pillars and protectors
Please   Do this for us. The citizens of USA
You guys have to do something about this stonewalling during hearings.
GOP Call it leaks now.
Who issued directive? To whom do we aim our calls/emails/tweets!This is outrageous!
KH, I  commend and thank you 4 ur excellent & hard work.
I'M GETTING FRUSTRATED W/DEMS: WHY IN HELL DEMS THINKS GOP IS FOLLOWING ORDINARY PRINCIPLES OF DEMOCRACY!!! IT IS: #NAZIKOCHBROSTRUMPGOPCOUP
Cotton is as infuriating as Sessions
Dangerous ban
Thank you, Sen. Klobuchar.
The boss is entitled to monitor you at work. We are your bosses, and reporters are our eyes & ears.
Demand it!
Every single day there is another attempt by this administration to curtail our rights and freedoms. Resistance burn-out is a big concern.
. @amyklobuchar Fascism 101, 201, 301, & 401. Graduate level when the arrests begin. PostDoc (cont) http://tl.gd/nnrr19 
You mean ranking minority party member?  Or did I miss you being elevated to Chairman.  And why are you tweeting it?  Grandstand much?
Thank you, Senator! Someone has read more than the 2A! Thank goodness!
Everywhere except the traditional halls just as long as the D's are available,
Give every reporter you know a special dispensation, tell Shelby to pound it and have every Dem do as many interviews as they can wherever
Thank you @amyklobuchar
Thank you.
Guess that @msnbc commercial with @justinamash and @kwelkernbc got to them
#HellBoundSessions
liberal tears. stop leaking
Thank you, Senator! Keep pressure on; we need answers & transparency!! 
But republicans have much to hide. Thus no press or publicity.
Screw the #FakeNewsMedia
Is she able to put it to right
@janemaestro don't you think trump arranged ban w leadership to deflect a bit from sessions hearing?
God only knows. Trump has no rhyme or reason. He is a mobster and I don't get any logical tactics from his moves. #impeach
Luv your shit Amy ... keep up good works.
Amy:. Being Ranking Member and $10 will get might get you a cup of coffee in DC!!!
Who do we call to stop this trampling on the free press?
 HOW DO WE STOPP THIS ATTACK? @realDonaldTrump has INCITED HIS WAR WITH MEDIA! DOES Trump NOT UNDERSTAND HE WORKS 'FOR THE PEOPLE!
Think they are trashing the constitution again ...
@tedcruz We see you, hiding under the table, afraid to #ShowUsTheBill
Thank you @amyklobuchar you are stellar!
Yes let's continue to not enforce rules...why have them at all?
Thank you.
GOP sneaky pete's.Can't trust thm jst like Cheato~wht a disgrace 2 democracy. Can't wait for 11/ 2018..  Karma
Was there a vote?   Has the #GOP just torn up Constitution??????
Good for you
Democrat,you're a Democrat & so am I I'm proud you won't even put it on your twitter account.Not to blame but you won't fight for us at all.
this pitiful potus will try ANYTHING to  destroy our 1st Amendment RIGHTS and violate the OATH of office at the same time!
I was told when I called the capitol , they had not changed anything.  Sounded hollow to me. Amy what's the scoop?
Thank you!!!! We can not give an inch. The press is our eyes and ears.
Who made this new ruling?
Thanks for protecting the Constitution!
Glad to hear you're actually taking a stand over something. Maybe don't vote yes on so many trump appointments next time. JFC.
@tarapalmeri U hav no juice& one of the quietest senators there,now this is so important 2 u
@GOP, obvious cockroaches, preferring to work in the dark.
Trump has vowed he will take over America and he is doing it
Thank you Senator @amyklobuchar !
So you mean with no objectivity or fidelity to the truth?
Freedom is in danger with this government! Press is necessary. Tries to keep Washington honest.
What's going on that they are trying to impede the first amendment. They love the second but try to quell the first
@SenateGOP #MIDTERMS #2018
Where is gop
Hiding in a dark broom closet crafting their secret healthcare bill?
It seems that ranking members have no say in this admin. Only the chairs. Sad state of affairs.

This is essential. These changes are insane - and sure look like folks have things to hide. Thanks for fighting for openness!
Did @SenShelby push the change, or was it specifically asked by snake-in-the-grass @SenateMajLdr McConnnell, to bury the AHCA bill details?
Pretty sure your colleagues can withstand reporter's questions on the fly.  They are after all adults and elected officials.  Silly.
As a US citizen I call on the press to call BS and do their jobs! Get arrested and expose Rs for what they are.
The media should announce that it will never again interview a Senator without a camera running. Take the gloves off!
Do they get to NOT allow without the committee making the decision and a vote??? Don't just demand, declare it invalid.
I'm guessing that the Majority Leader McConnell is scared silly that the truth may come out and he doesn't want to do the "time".
True
Sadly so!
@RoyBlunt you need to follow this example from a strong woman, just like @clairecmc #SaveACA
Shut. Down. The. Senate. No unanimous consent until the @GOP #ShowUsTheBill. We don't care if you lose this fight. JUST FIGHT!!! #2018
We are a Democracy. Dems will welcome reporters questions & hence will control the narrative If GOP tries to stop them just go to ur offices
Annnnddd  they don't care what you think! Majority pushes through whatever lousy rules they want... 
Majority says "Sit down! Shut up!"
Please Senator Amy, point to the source of this unilateral decision, @SenShelby 202.224.5744  This cannot stand for one minute!
The Republicans seem to just not care anymore. They will do anything they want because they think no one can stop them. They might be right.
Good for you.
At this point the @GOP is just begging for a revolution.
Initiated by BANNON & PUTIN -- they are loving this.
Thank you. #FreedomOfThePressAMustForAmerica
Time to start granting official interviews in the hallway.
Why do they hide this? Tax cut for rich is $$ in the #GOP pockets = contributing money for 2018 and beyond!!
How about you call for the GOP to make the Healthcare bill public so we can debate it?
WTH?  This rule deprives Americans of our right to know . it is unconstitutional .. should we the people sue?   Why do you have to obey?
Thank you Senator Klobuchar!  Glad someone can see how blatantly awful this looks!  Screams 'COVER UP'!
Y must #Dems US Senators agree to such idiocy. Freedom of the Press. Invite the Press, do a Talk-a-ton. Filibuster,DoSomething
@SenFeinstein @SenSchumer You were independently elected Repub have no right to limit media access--vehicle of communication w/constituents
Stop going along to get along, Senator. FIGHT DIRTY LIKE THEY DO. cc:@chuckschumer @PattyMurray
The halls of congress should be media circus and not a place of business and respect?
Reporting on events as they happen has long been a part of the environment. To suddenly shut down media access is a shady moove.
It has not been eliminated, this system will bring order to what previously was uncontrollable chaos?
Order in the form of restricted access/approvals process, at a time when there is much concern about secrecy, is a patently bad move.
Is the only difference the harshness of the punishment Russia jail America shut up press effect is the same
Would be great for all of us if you could make this happen
Democracy is abt 2 fall. 2 all journalists, citizens & members of Congress, stp approaching as a presidency & begin 2 approach as autocracy
The base of your party nationwide is calling on the minority to #WithholdConsent until this is fixed &AHCA gets public hearings
@SenateMajLdr Sen. Klobuchar is right. It's the people's house. Show some respect for the institution. Stop hiding what you're doing.
Amy...you don't have to follow an unlawful order #firstamendment
RT
#DraftBernie #DNCFraudLawsuit #demexit #PPLSummit #peoplesparty #PeoplesSummit #NoMoreNeoLibs #Sessions #BlackLivesMatter
Minnesotans! Call and thank Sen Klobuchar for her persistence in transparency in this & Russia investigations: 202-224-3244 (Franken below)
Sen Franken: 202-224-5641... tell their staffers what it means to you and your stories!
Agreed Senator! This blockade of the fourth estate is as undemocratic as can be!
Git some, Amy!
All Democratic Senators must get on TV in live press conference and show the American people what GOP is trying to do in secret w/TrumpCare.
Yes !!!
No law says anyone must talk to a reporter. Who is being restricted here?
thank you!
Ridiculous rule.   We Americans  are hungry for current information as to what is happening at our federal executive level. Keep us updated.
But there is not thing that can be done to change it correct? What else can actually be done to get around it? Democratic should find a way.
Thank you .@amyklobuchar We need reporting of events now more than ever.
Sen Shelby just denied any new rules: https://www.democraticunderground.com/10141798337#post2 …

This is NOT just about backroom deals on "Trumpcare." It's to shield Senators leaving Congressional hearings on Russia from ANY questions.
Thank you
U rock, Klob!
As an American, I'd like to see this challenged all the way up to SCOTUS.
WITHHOLD CONSENT on all business until they do! @RonWyden @SenJeffMerkley
Shut up!
Please run for President. Continue to lead in such a wonderful way.
@SenBobCorker and @SenAlexander your thoughts on this asinine rule?
And I call on Minority Leader @SenSchumer to issue strong statement protecting free press for Democrats, ask GOP to do same.
As usual, it takes a woman to stand up and speak out Imjustsaying
Who decided this change of it wasn't the senate Rules committee?
Senator Shelby
Umm,  cough cough,  McConnell... cough cough.
And America stands with you.
What are they hiding? may as well be the new @GOP  slogan. Dems should continue take questions in halls to #SaveOurDemocracy
thank you for your determination and courage to stand up against evil n darkness!
We could hope but we all know where our hope has gone...
Time for everyone to start making phone calls to every member possible of the @gop Remember when they tried to gut ethics office? #resist
Thank you.
Are the lobbyists allowed? I bet they are.
Is there anything the public can do to help?
AGREED!!!  And how about open hearings and committee process for AHCA?  Please make noise about this too!
I'am calling for democratic senators to stand up, do something beside beg the GOP to stop, they won't, be radical, fight before its to late
This is the act of fascism.    Drip.  Drip.  Drip.
as an American, I call on all those who defend the Constitution to make this so
Dare I ask who is behind this? McConnell, Ryan or Trump behind the scenes??
I agree with those citizens calling for reporters to stand your ground and in defiance! Keep reporting! (Of course, easy for me to say.)  
Just do your interviews in the Capitol hall and let them try to stop you and the reporter. Asking permission from these goons is weak.
