A great STARTING POINT would be why do the drug companies charge US 2-4X the cost of their drugs then Canada & Europe?
One more idea ...  elimination or disincentives for drug ads aimed at consumers!
If they insist on buying million dollar ads for football games, tax then heavily and fund healthcare with it.
Take my coverage & I will take your.  U can Grandstand all U want. Affordable care is not affordable admitting that 1st, then fix it
How about Medicare for all? Then we won't have to go through this crap.
I'm done with democrats and republicans you've proven you DON'T work for us but your own agendas!
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer

I'm a healthy 48 year-old Minnesotan who has to take one medication daily for life and it costs me $1000 per quarter!
I heard you mention public option. PLEASE tell me that is in there as well?? I read FB comments on your page. Not a lot of hope out there.
thank you for your work. I don't mind paying my fair share but rx costs are beyond reason
Thanks for all your hard work on behalf of the American people!
...and, of course Senators  Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski . We need more women in Congress with common sense and can withstand bullying.
Let single payer and basic income become the rallying cry of the Democratic Party. Or we can always remain #DemExit, Amy!
Imagine next year's headlines: Women of the Senate "Bare Arms" and Make History! Female Bipartisan Committee Fixes Healthcare For GOOD!
I love this!!
Duplicate the exact plan you have - there should be no debate over that right? #bipartisan #everyonewins
Thank you @amyklobuchar! Other countries provide same Rx's at a fraction we're charged. It's emotional extortion & a disgrace to the U.S.!
#SinglePayer would be better for everyone than these 5 bills, no?
Tell us what health care plan do you have do you have this wonderful Obamacare
Thanks for all of your hard work. This Day in Truman History.          July 30, 1965 
President Lyndon B. Johnson Signs Medicare Bill.
Help us with those DT tweets Saturday. OMG
Klobuchar 2020
Amy: break it down for us. Tell us what each bill does one at a time.
Yes. Everybody needs to come together on what is best for country, not democrat or republican.  Can't do it any other way
Drug costs, now there's a thought.
You continue to be out of touch with what happens at the user level.
You had 8 yrs! You broke promises and now should have to answer to MN at reenrollment when we have no providers. #VoteThemOut
Let's get this right!!
#ThankYou!
Didn't you get any sleep last night..already up and working. Thank you Senator for all you do.
You all can do it show them how to do a bill
Please!
Yes, absolutely. When a $500 plastic container of GSK Advair can be purchased in Mexico for $20, we are being screwed in USA.
Inch by inch, life's a cinch!
Increase coverage for alternative therapies and nutritionists
Yes. We need to realize that the system is still broken!
@SenateGOP Agree! Let's work with Sen Klobuchar- agree it's good place to start! One step at a time as I tell my kids!
Please share our support for Sen. McCain. For the first time since  Nov. I have hope for the legislative process.
Thanks, @amyklobuchar, for staying the course. MN proud!
Honestly, Amy, anything short of #Medicare4All is a waste of time
Are any of them single payer?

You coward.
Thank you for your vote last night, Senator. Minnesota appreciates you!
Lower drug prices is a good place to start!!
Rx drugs are the head waters of the cost of healthcare. Harness this beast and the rest becomes controlable. Thank you for being SMART!!
@amyklobuchar @alfranken please sign on to HR676.  We MUST unite around HC for all! #resist #insist #persist
Let's. I have great coverage from my job, with one exception-- no prescription coverage. 
go Amy
That's a great start.  Any viable solution MUST address the obscene cost of health care in the US.  #allkidscovered

If you are intent on keeping Obamacare then you should share the experience with the American people, that would be really bipartisan @POTUS
Just let the damned thing fully implode.
When will you negotiate and give up the job killing mandates and one size fits all aspects of failed Obamacare?
I hope investing in education assistance for medical students is a priority.  We need more doctors. The shortage drives up rates.

I agree - It's time to stop the blame game and work as a team for all Americans.
Critical
Gotta love a woman with a plan! Forward, march!
Thank you, Senator!
Hope you're going to run for President next election...you ROCK! Thanks for all your hard work.
Lower premiums, more access to all medicine and less bureaucratic b.s. Dont waste more time and money on restrictive plans we can't afford
This is essential for reducing health care costs. I know both my Senators are with you on this issue. Let's do it. Tisa from Vermont.
I hope it's safe to believe in bipartisanship again.
Lol. Don't hold your breath
Thank you Sen Klobuchar.
Do it Amy!
I have seen you each day working so hard!  Amy, thank you for all the class and true leadership!
