thank you!
why not have an independent investigator.
I'm assuming the Senate will. We'll see about the House.
re House: from what I read of that Chaffetz guy, he doesn't think it's needed! so, suspect it'll need to be externally pushed.
He won't have a choice soon. If he expects to keep anything near credibility anyway.
i agree. His statements smack of hypocrisy already.
The secret trip undertaken by ambassador Miller to Tehran on behalf of Obama in 2008 campaign. Was given a pass, what differs
CARTER PAGE 
@LouiseMensch do you believe him?
thank you, Senator Klobuchar
It's done and the liberals broke all government protocol and released transcripts of his conversation. Russia is fake news.
um No. Rings hollow after you let Holder and Lynch run amuck. I can't believe I voted for you. #neveragain
@chick_in_kiev thank you, senator
@Donna_West Yes, he was campaigning with Trump. He can't investigate himself!  Russia wants to topple every liberal democracy.
NO! Flynn isn't the Treasonous Leak from top Obama WH officials is...someone is going down for this!
.@amyklobuchar @LouiseMensch his name is Carter Page...
lynch was supposed to do that with clinton!
Gee amy Klobuchar you did not stick your nose into that on! Hypocrite!
That's it, stand up!
Any evidence, or just another unsubstantiated political statement?
sessions dont have to do anything, lynch screwed up everything for years and never heard from you ! Cause your a dumbo-crat
And you believe him because???
I thought @SenSchumer announced some special rule that will exclude Sessions.
Yeah, but he was kidding! Such a kidder that Jeff! So funny. @jeffsessions #HowToSpotASnowflake
we need a meeting on a plane first... maybe look into violation of civilians rights re: leaks.
please explain the conflict of interest Sessions would have.
Democrats, now is you time to shine, Republicans aren't going to investigate.
Agreement absolutely Senator Ms Amy
@alfranken @tammybaldwin @KamalaHarris @SenSanders @SenJohnMcCain @SenWarren PLEASE push for Sessions to recuse himself.
I agree and with a full on investigation into Trump's relationship with the Russians. Please follow through. Something's wrong
Trump, Pence and they rest must go!
please have the Russian connection investigated.No country in the world would tolerate a compromise of its secret information.
Yet open border criminals but seems to be a thing.
Obama would have been first to know of Flynn or leaks.
Saw #Sessions confirmation and he appeared reluctant to agree to recusals bc would be venomous conflicts in majority of cases!
: Thanks, Senator! Have you seen this info, yet, btw?
Here is where we are concerned, our safety
Sessions Is Also A Russian Asset So - Nope #Putinspuppets
Let it go, and get work done.  Nearly half of MN wants Trump. Stay out of it, and represent all MN resiidents on issues here.
@LouiseMensch Also Dana Boete,#Carolina Conspiracy, by Louise Mensch
how can we help you?  Still making phone calls daily!
thank you from proud MN this really isn't about parties or politics this is about protecting America from harm & manipulation
omg, I had not thought of that.  Great point.
absolutely, recusal is only legal way
@JackieFarnham Trump appointed him (and Sessions number 2) explicitly for this reason.
absolute power corrupts absolutely. Scared for MN and this nation under Trumps thumb.
absolutely 
@nhdogmom That racist pile of elephant scat can't do anything. There is a law in place to prevent that.
How can he b trusted 2 investigate anything having 2 do w the WH
AG's first judicial character test.
Sen. Klobuchar you are our rising star!  We need your voice front and center.  If you step to the plate...we will follow! @amyklobuchar
like Lynch recusing herself after meeting Bill Clinton on the tarmac? Kagan on ACA?  What about Holder? Care about America?
A former prosecutor would know. Stay strong Amy!
Thank you Senator, Feeling well represented.  There is treason to deal with here.
yes! Keep the pressure on.
Agreed!
it's about time Amy. STEP UP and LEAD!
@LovesTheJust Why, just because he gets money from Russia? The people who got $ from Devos didn't have to recuse themselves...
First we need an actual investigation. Bueller?  Bueller??
You cannot be silent while injustices are taking place in the fear of death. That's how Russia turned into a dictatorship.
Love your resolve
But what are you going to DO senator? DO SOMETHING.
concerning is what WH knew 2/3 weeks prior and this needs investigation too!
are there going to be investigations?
If there is a conflict of interest! Is this even a question? Not sure I like the idea of investigating one's own team.
yes. And now more than ever DTs taxes need to be reviewed. This would need to be part of a full investigation.
Need a special prosecutor.
THEY R GOING TO USED TO BREAK UP N BREAK AWAY & FOR THE BLAME GAME.
WHAT'S REAL IS BLUFF, WHAT'S BLUFF IS UNFORTUNATELY VERY MUCH REAL. THEY R GOING TO USED TO BREAK UP N BREAK AWAY & FOR THE
ITS BREAK OUT POINT! ALL OPTIONS AVAILABLE N I ENTRUST N EMPOWER PRES BUSH. TO FINISH THE "GAME"!
I LEAVE THE SO CALLED FINAL NEGOTIATION SCAM SITUATION TO PRES BUSH. HE SHOULD SEIZE THE DAY B4 IT COMES BACK TO BITE HIM!
Mar-a-Lago, Nordstrom, Leaks. Priorities are not right at the WH or Congress. These are a ruse. MSM Address Russia influence.
Yes. Special prosecutor
Of course, he should. But then, he's a Republican. He should have recused himself from DeVos, too.
Will you move to censure him if he doesn't? cc @Secbuff
Too bad. This isn't a court. It's the United States of America. Deal with it.
did holder recuse himself, go pound sand
