...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!
yeah, kind of like a country with a debt of $20 trillion and a U.S. Senator spends six months on swimming pool drain covers
From the person sitting in the president's chair 
Trump is embarrassing and ridiculous, for Pete's sake he's the President, toughen up, man up, stop acting like a child who needs discipline
Thank you Amy in Minnesota 
Let Tangerine Mook and Morning Joe fight this out. We need to focus on AHCA, voter info demands, Putin puppeteering.
Who are you kidding Senator? Leadership? It's more like criminal looters after a natural disaster. No civility exists in this current WH. 
@realDonaldTrump
U still don't understand why Trump was elected ??  The swamp is going 2 b unrabeled. Poise, polished, articulate- hasn't workd. We saw
Through the BS that was Obama admin. all talk, lies, secrets.Trump IS listening and fighting against the swamp/ MsM.he defends his voters
@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump This "president" is a true embarrassment. Do your job, man! And Senator K, THANK YOU for doing yours!
And there are 30% of this country who like him. That's crazy.  He needs to go. He won't change ever
Shawn hit on real problem-Trump is symptom. Many 'Mericans think like he does. Our new society finds no fault with him. Melting pot no more.
Hey Klobuchar instead of berating Trump and his tweets;  why don't you step up and work on real Healthcare Reform ( Obamacare aint working )
You use Twitter your way and he uses it his way.  I think Americas leadership was squandered just fine w/o Twitter for the past 8 yrs.
And diverts attention from THE Bill
Well said, Senator.
I don't think we have to tell you… The guy is an idiot for the lack of a better word.
Along with his awful tweets, he is spending time and money campaigning for re-election!!!  OMG!!
EXACTLY!  ENOUGH!  He needs to grow up & start leading with some kind of dignity.  The real issues are getting lost in his insane behavior.
Keyword: insane
Dems need to be proactive make cmte to create their own HC bill then sell it too the people, let them choose which is best! Don't be idle!
I think you've noticed that vanilla political speech and then doing nothing does not work. Take bombastic over disingenuous political speech
@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump
Instead of complaining do ur job u r paid by tax payers!
And your party is squandering time on the non Russia collusion nonsense
Mn should not give its voter rolls to the sham White House voter "investigation"
Like Hillary was a better choice.  NOT
@realDonaldTrump of course he is. He doesn't care if we have healthcare.
Ugh! Someone need to take away his twitter.
Each tweet squanders American decency and degrades the presidency.
Distraction!!
When will you all stop using healthcare as a way to make money?
Get him out of the WH, he will continue to bully and incite violence. He never said anything like this about Putin.
govt has ZERO business being in HC. Now, you and your fellow marxists should resign.
What embarrassment he has brought upon the Presidency, White House & the United States. Praying 4 the day when we see him in orange jumpsuit
This tweet is the reason the markets are falling today.,the collapse has just started.
This is a diversion to keep attention off of Russia and healthcare. We need to keep our eyes on those 2 balls.
I could not agree more! I tweet him  back each time he goes off and tell him he is embarrassing the nation with his unprofessional ways. Ugh
This is probably a diversionary tactic because of the abject disaster Trumpcare is. He should hope it never sees the light of day.
And here YOU are, also tweeting about it 
We are a laughing stock all over the Earth. He cannot concentrate for long on the common good. He focuses instead on petty grievances.
Senator:  How are you voting on Kate's law? As your constituent, I would ask you to vote in favor.  Thank you.  #KatesLaw
Wow. A new low. This is unbelievable. An absolute embarrassment.
Perhaps stop obsessing about 45's tweets. Though now that the Russian thing didn't get traction, you had to move on
Under the control of a guy who lost a billion dollars in one year and declared bankruptcy 6 times, We're screwed #resist #HealthcareBill
Pathetic.
I wish he would act like a man and President
1/6 of the economy is up in the air and you're focused on what he tweets, by tweeting about it?
Anyone else say or do a fraction of what trump has done would have been long gone WHY DOES Trump GET AWAY WITH IT WHATS Wrong WITH AMERICA
You're right. He should focus more on the failure (ACA) of the Democratic Party. Especially when no democrat will admit it is failing.
As a dem, I'm fine with that. Focus on anything that involves real issues and not just himself and his image. Take his twitter away.
I have a son with Autism. He voted for you2. His biggest fear is cyberbullying. Please Sen. K & @alfranken this has 2 stop. What 2 tell Bob
Husband and I just talking about this as we drove past a homeless camp in our city.  How many will be added without mental and medical care?
Well, hopefully it'll help the GOP healthcare bill not get passed.
So distasteful.  What is with this man's obsession with women and bleeding? Christopher Steel's dossier maybe more accurate than we know!
Beyond pathetic.
It's so embarrassing to talk with people from around the world talking about the questionable mental state & behaviors of our president!
He doesn't know what the fuck he is doing. Either does anyone in his 'cabinet'....
The misogyny of this president deserves mention.
He is such an embarrassment to the USA! OMG
When will (R)'s get offended?
He can NOT make 4 years like this.  God help us.
No, we can't make the next 4 years.
US GDP est. at $18.46 trillion_2016
3,000,000,000,000 _ 156 billion for a wall is dumb - hear so did - beer???
Net???
Every. Day. A. New. Low.
need you say more?  No
Need to rewrite the healthcare bill to include coverage for The Donald's hurt feelings.
His random rants...At first I thought it was a ploy, to get our minds off the real issues, it's not it's just helter-skelter
So do facelifts count towards the cap? Just wondering so the former 26 wk premature infants who had their cap maxed at age 1 know to save $
Also thanks again @amyklobuchar for all you are doing to #KeepKidsCovered. The northland kids appreciate it. #DontCapMyCare
#Trump is so disgusting! I wish we had a real president. I am optimistic that the post Trump era will come very soon! #ImpeachTrump
We need a President who does not use the word psycho - we need to work to end stigma for mental illness not exasperate the problem
He is ill. He has no impulse control, yet he sits in the highest chair of the government w/ his finger on the button.
As disgusting as his tweets are please keep all focus on healthcare.
Thank you for having good sense and knowing where our energy and passion should be focused Senator Klobachar
AMEN, thank you!
He is no leader. He is an embarrassment to America.
Thank you
Keep up the fight Sen. Klobuchar, we stand behind you!
SE mn constituent here. Please use 25th amendment. Thank you
Same
absolutely disgraceful
I've reported his tweet for targeted harassment. I suggest others do the same. Our president should be above bullying on twitter.
Unbelievable coming from our President.  Embarrassing...
Thank you. Focus should be on Healthcare.
Not to mention civility, decency and honesty.
Yeah, because they show civility, and decency to him. Also, you can't even mention honestly when talking about a politician. All scum.
@senrobportman and yet you stand by him
He has made a mockery of this Office, Truly. He is not a gentleman by any means and I am appalled at his behavior. He strikes back always
Each hour he's in office does the same
