Remind me again who is getting it taken away?? Specifically? Ppl will CHOOSE not to get it.
Mike, I have health insurance thru ACA due 2 preexisting conditions. Previously I couldn't afford $1600/month premium. I now pay $550/month.
Ok. Well my dad's insurance went up 3.5 times what it was before. Deductible sky high. Is that fair? He also has conditions.
Mike I'm sorry that happened to your dad. No it's not fair. All Americans deserve affordable healthcare across the board.
You know some pharmaceutical companies pay others NOT to make a generic so they can charge full price? Another example of high costs.
I agree, it is unconscionable the amount drug companies charge Americans. They charge Europeans much less cause Europe said no.
Also. I am a Strong Conservative. But I will say the @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP r screwing things up. Fixing what @TheDemocrats F'd up sucks.
those millions w/have better options to buy unlike the unusable ins they r forced into under Ocare. Be honest about this
Do you personally know a lot of people who were "forced" to buy "unusable" insurance?
Yes! I know it helped some people but they could have been helped w/o hurting so many others. Age 26 w/remain
That is not spelled out in bill nor is the Veteran's tax credit.
Far from a finished bill. Vets w/b taken care of. Tks 4 ur service.
Because Obamacare was bipartisan?
Yes actually GOP had input in committees and on the floor. Concessions were made on both sides.
Not a single Republican voted for it, therefore, not bipartisan
Did you read the Snopes article? It explained process & timeline of legislation.
I don't think Republicans know how 2 legislate. They spent last 8 years doing nothing more than obstructing Obama, they've no other ability
Unfortunately neither side seems interested in anything bipartisan... #NeedChange
Wes I disagree, Sen Klobuchar has initiated many bills w/GOP senators & is a fine example of bipartisanship and "reaching across the aisle"
You should have been working on that over the last 8 years, I can't wait to vote you out, so sick of you and Franken,
Amy.. you are why there is hope still ... obviously bipartisan cooperation is needed.. compromise is why you all were elected
Q: What's the #RadicalizedDemocrat definition of "bipartisan,' .@amyklobuchar 

A: Acquiescing to #RadicalizedDemocrats
I find out next week if my cancer has returned. The gop's bill would be a death decree for me.
Sending hopeful thoughts your way that you remain cancer free.
Thank you very much! You lift my spirits!
Wish she'd just work at consistantly rep the people of MN. After her votes last summer & Superdelegate vote, I no longer think she reps me.
It seems hopeless. GOP doesn't care about the American people & continue 2 prove it each day. I pray in our next election they r all out.
Not the taxpayers responsibility to subsidize healthcare except for veterans. Not your right to make anyone buy anything.
the democrats plan already took healthcare from millions, forced expensive plans on millions, millions lost their good plans from employers
Maybe the super President can get congress to work together. All I read about, is GOP  secrecy and loss of coverage for millions
This isn't removing Healthcare. It's removing high-priced crappy health insurance. You should know the difference, you're a senator.
Friend pays 400 a mo. with a 10,000 ded.  that's affordable? How much do you pay?  What's your Ded?  For once would love a response but wont
Thank you Senator Klobuchar- keep fighting for accessible health care and bipartisan solutions. Proud to have you as my Senator
Thank you!
You should co sponsor Single Payer
So we don't want to debate and amend the bill then?
Thank you for speaking for those who rely on health care, including my brother who has cystic fibrosis.
the gop want millions to suffer & die because the 1% wants a bigger tax break. Their bills don't help the 99%
Republicans literally dragged a man out of the hospital to vote to literally do the same to millions of Americans.
So Senator Amy, step up and DO SOMETHING WITH YOUR COLLEAGUES!
@amyklobuchar we will remember those who don't protect the citizens.  Thank you Amy for your efforts
Thank you, Amy
Thank you for your leadership
Thank you.
Stay strong, Senator. We need principled leadership to combat the looming constitutional crisis fomented by @POTUS and the #GOP
Vote YES to debate it on the floor then.
Keep up the good fight!  #ResistTrumpcare
Apparently the blind is leading the blind. They should all be impeached.
As you did under Pres Obama. GOP will likely refuse. Thanks for your efforts.
How does your health care plan compare  to that of us lowly peasants.
good for u keep up pressure
Ask the women senators what they stand for. I appreciate your tenacity, makes me proud to be Minnesotan
Where were you all when our President proposed both parties come to discussion and you resisted?  NOWHERE. #repeal
Issues that work for us/US!! That's what we ought to focus on, not party labels. We the People, going forward! Heart!!
Dems feeling cornered, desperate.
Yes.... please and soon before Mr Trump repeals or replaced ACA with trash
WAITING!!!
Thank you from a voting Minneaotan and healthcare provider. Btw Congress should NOT be exempted from this disaster.
But all I hear is Resit from @SenSchumer How can you work across the aisle when its against Dem policy?
Thank you for your efforts Amy!!!
Thank you, Amy. Stay strong!
as a constituent I greatly appreciate it. You have my vote again.
Thank you senator Klobuchar, for looking out for the people of MN. I can't believe what is going on in the White house. Its insanity!
Thank you. We can't loose what we have.
As always, you've got it right.
thank you Senator Klobuchar!  Work together to improve ACA!
Thank you for all you do from one of many in SE MN! Remind all of them of the healthcare they get of which they are willing to deny millions
I know how close (Plymouth) Minnesta is to North Minneapolis, from yesterday Sen. Amy Klobuchar,  Democrats Jobs & Economy, if not mistaken.
Thank you thank you! This is insane. Let's have hearings!
If there is MTP, please resist through procedure by withholding consent and filibuster by amendment. These are not ordinary times.

Thank you for doing the good work! GALS loves you!
With you all the way
Exactly
It's like screaming into the vacuum of space with the GOP, isn't it?
Repeal and Replace!
Madam President?!?!
Tweet not seen in 2009.
Welfare
I lost mine due to the failed ACA, what about those of us that this happened to? How will you aid us or should we quit working and go on
Why does bipartisanship seem so difficult?
Or on single payer care across the board. Will MN take the first step toward it? Economically, we will need it. Thoughts, @amyklobuchar ?
Thank you Sen. Klobuchar.
My son relies on Medicaid for his therapy. I'm a disabled Veteran and CHAMPVA covers none of his autism services.
Please don't allow a cut to Medicaid.
Thank you for standing up to this insanity.
Thank you!!!!!!
Thank you. Proud and grateful to have you representing MN in the Senate.
So proud you are my #Senator! @amyklobuchar #MinnesotaProud
You have had 8 years to fix. In MN premiums are out of control. For 6 months Dems have resisted everything. You had your chance. You failed!
I hope the assumption that they are giving you something better works out. Problems like yours can be fixed w/o throwing 23m overboard.
What about the working middle class suffering treatment-prohibitive deductibles? They (effectively) have no insurance. Do they not count?
Thank you!!! 
Thank you. What the hell is happening there?? Please do something to stop this Death bill.
Thank you, Senator. (And for your interviews.)
Thank you Senator Klobuchar!
Thank you for your opposition to the repeal of the ACA. In the future, support for a single payer system would help me & others enormously.
