BREAKING: Congressional Budget Office sees 22 million more uninsured by 2026 under Senate health bill in latest hurdle for GOP.
Amy: more outrageous is the fact that many hard working tax paying citizens can NO longer afford coverage!
Thank-you for your courage.  We must not allow this to happen to our fellow Americans. Today they may be targeting others.tomorrow maybe you
I know this doesn't sound professional but it so fits- you go girl!
Thank you Senator. 1/5 of Federal budget drafted in secret and trying to be forced through. This is not American. You have my support!
Stop simply speaking against it and make suggestions on how to FIX it, then! Enough #Obstruction!
The Democrats have plenty of ideas about how to fix the ACA. The Republican bill is a cruel take from the poor to give to the rich scheme.
How?
Senator Klobuchar, I love seeing you on TV panels. You have such character and decency! I miss that so much in our government today!
Yes we need a balanced budget. Yes we need to take care of the health needs of all of our people.
#NewElection
Thank you, senator for sticking up for us. We depend on you. @alfranken #UniversalHealthCare @PPact @SenSanders
Go get them, Amy!
Polls show no one likes this bill.   They are willing to hurt 22 mil just to remove something Obama put in place?? #SayNoToTrumpcare
Go get em Amy!  Horrible bill!
Publicly take sen collins up on her offer to work to fix ACA!
Thank you!
Please encourage your Republican counterparts to vote "No" on this horrible bill as well. Thanks!
Thank you senator. We need to cover more not throw millions out.
22 million will choose not to have insurance that has been shoved down their throats!
Many were people forced to buy it that didn't want it.
We appreciate the fight,  Amy!
You and Al helped us into this disaster Obamacare! Now we should listen to you? Really?
THANK YOU
This can't pass!  Do these idiots realize their own voters will be losing coverage?  What happened to  working for the people??
Thank you, Senator Klobuchar.  I absolutely agree.
You're one of my heroes, Amy.  This whole thing is inhuman and it's like no one really hears.
MN does have awesome Senators. So does NJ. They are all fighting like hell to stop this disaster of a bill.  Support them any way you can !
Thank you! Now convince your colleagues across the aisle.
I'm with you Amy!
#CONGRESS MUST KILL THIS DEADLY BILL
Keep it going, Amy! Thanks from New Hope!
850/mo w/12K deductible do the math....useless!!!
Like it's so great under OBHC... thanks for the mess you passed.
Thank you! Keep fighting
Thank you Sen. Klobuchar & @alfranken for your steadfast opposition to this dangerous & abusive bill
Keep doing that good work. MN supports you
Go, girl!!!
Thank you!
Amy--you are so awesome. Please run for President! We need you!
A simple fix is to stop allowing pharmaceutical company to advertise on TV.
Thank you! I'm a Minnesotan who does not want to be uninsured ever again!
That's the bill u get when you have old rich white guys who get money from old richer white guys writing it. How is this right in any way?
If possible, can you look around for Mitch McConnell's soul and heart?
Be sure to check every nook and cranny. If it exists it's veeeerrry teeny tiny.
Thank you, Senator!
We are counting on you all to put up a good fight!  Thanks in advance!
Keep speaking out!
Thank you! We so need your strength!
It's outrageous w/ your intelligence that you continue to push resist playbook instead of work together. You're better than this, Amy!
Thanks Amy - this is nothing more than a transfer of wealth from regular Americans to the very rich. "Tax breaks" will cost many lives.
Why don't you bring the Senate to a halt the way Tom Coburn used to do??
Thanks Amy
I am sure you will speak with Sen. Murkowski. It will be particularly destructive to her constituents.
Thank you
Thank you, Senator Klobuchar.
How many amendments are you offering up? Don't be scared. Make McConnell change the rules. FIGHt
Thank you for continuing to fight for real people!
@AP 22 mil people who r now forced to buy ocare that they can't use due to high deductibles will opt out w/new plan. B honest!
Thank you for speaking out. So glad we have a great lady fighting for us.
Be strong! 
Thank you. Keep fighting to stop this bill.
GOP Senators only care about themselves and their big donors and other rich folks!!  Truly an American disgrace!!!  Keep fighting them plz!!
Thank you
Thank you for representing all of us in this fight, Amy!
Thank you Sen. Klobuchar! Democrats need to make politics Local to win National majority!
Thank you Senator for your opposition to this travesty of a bill. Spent my career with nfp hospitals. This will devastate
Give em hell Amy! American healthcare has to work for all Americans, including women & children.
Outrageous is what you did to us with obamacare. Sad
Thank you Senator
GO AMY!
How many of that 22M are because of getting rid of the Mandate?  How far off was the CBO on Obama care?  Fair and Balanced info pls
THANK YOU! Minnesota has amazing senators - we know you're working for us!
Thanks for fighting for whats right
Thank you! 
Thank you, Senator - this whole process has been a shocking and profoundly disturbing low point in policy-making.
Thank you!
You go, girl!
Thank you. I'm glad you and @alfranken are my Senators. You're looking out for us all.
Thank you
nice job, i think that Big Pharma is raising the prises too high, its awesome if we can work in a bipartisan way to hold them accountable.
Thank you Senator!! @alfranken I expect you'll do the same!
Thank you Senator Klobuchar
thank you!
@AP thank you!
Thank you.
Thanks Amy for all your continued work!!
Did you speak out against 1 provider in 40% of counties, or syrocketing premiums that mean people can't use the insurance you made them buy?
Give 'em hell. MN and the US deserve better. Vote down #Wealthcare #TrumpCareKills
Thank you Senator Klobuchar.  Godspeed.
Thank you!  I hope you can help persuade some of your more open-minded and compassionate Republican colleagues!
Oh c'mon. We know all Repubs are murderous, insatiable toads.
Give em hell.
To hell with them
Over 40% of ppl with #HIV are covered by #Medicaid. This bill will cause deaths & new HIV infections.
Just took to Senate floor to speak out against this. Outrageous. https://twitter.com/AP/status/879434118601334784 …
