@amyklobuchar South metro constituent here hoping you will speak out and decline to support Gorsuch
Glad you made this decision, Amy.
I too would vote against Gorsuch, but the choice isn't yours. You are to vote the voice of your constituents. Poll them.
not just on this issue, but on every confirmation or bill that comes before you. All Reps have failed to do this.
Glad to hear you're voting no-thank you.  Join the filibuster-no vote until a full investigation of Trump's Russia ties.
whatever. You are voting no because Trump nominated him. Your partisanship is admirable but obvious
what exactly, then, was done when Merrick Garland wasn't even allowed a hearing? #ShoesOnTheOtherFoot
Senate had no obligation to. I can provide a copy of the Constitution, and previous remarks.
if that's the case, then what obligation is there now?
I hope you lose the next election! You democrats are still crying over Merrick Garland. Do you remember the Joe Biden rule? Get over it!
You WILL support an up or down vote though correct .@amyklobuchar? More than 50 Sens DO want to see Judge Gorsuch on SCOTUS & want to vote.
@amyklobuchar Will you join the filibuster? Please clarify your position. #indivisiblemn
one of the best parts of living in MN is knowing I have 2 Senators that are smart, ethical, Independent and care for people.
Thank You!!!
u lost my vote Amy
His judicial record? You know I keep forgetting that you Liberals hate the Constitution & anyone that doesn't.
amy thank you. i work with disabled adults. I also   have a  little nice with down syndrome!
thank you!!!
o thought u were better than Al Frankenstein but no- u r a party politician just like him. Party over the People. Disgrace
The final result will be the continued ability for each side to blame the other after our democracy falls apart. Lead to End the Blame Game.
Thank you for supporting the Constitution in addition to his positions. Garland should have been voted on.
Amy,MzLiz has 5 followers and 35 tweets - next time you get your daughter to set up your tweet, be more creative
thank you
if you @amyklobuchar dont vote 4 Gorsuch would certainly prove not 4 constitution & ruling according to law versus biased belief. will pay
you make #MN proud to call you our senator
Thanks for your no vote on this!!
@MizLiz65 Amy enjoy your last term in office. U are Obstructionist.
good grief...did you study constitutional law or was that an elective? @danobrien1972 @jmatteso1303
Constitution does not require 9 justices.
oh now you suddenly want an 8 justice panel? GTFOH
What's good enough for the goose...
agreed! Wait until the next 2 are confirmed via simple majority!
just because it's harder to do the right thing, doesn't mean we shouldn't.
hey dummy, it was Reid who started it. #yourrules
Nup. Try again.
Translates to "I am voting no because Donald Trump picked him and I do not like Donald Trump"
sad that party politics is more important to you than a candidate with 2700 cases and only 1 overturned.
Gorsuch is very qualified. Its your job to pass laws. He rules on the points of your laws and if your law is constitutional. Dem politics :(
You are playing politics, no problem with that of course, but you're not fooling anyone.
thank you Amy! from a former Minnesotan
Thank you!
south metro constituent here, saying THANK YOU for voting NO!!!!!!!
No votes for any Trump nominee until there is a renomination and up and down vote on Garland. Tit for tat.
you need to get out of the middle of the road and stay out. It shouldn't take an uprising to get you to do what's right
We are smarter than that. You are voting no because you're partisan, Schumer is telling you to vote no and you dislike Trump.
This constituent thanks you! Please also support the filibuster!
thank you!
Thank you, Amy!
thank you, Senator Klobuchar! I'm a constituent and appreciate you answering these questions. Please continue our work!
let's be honest - you are politicizing this - you are just following orders...
Thank you and @SenFranken for doing the right thing for Minnesota.
Thank you!!!!
- leaders do their own thinking and demonstrate an internal integrity, willing to go against their own team when it is right
Please vote NO on cloture too. A 60 vote threshold is as bipartisan as it comes!! #StolenSeat
Thank you for your thoughtful service
Do you support an up or down vote for this judge? Or, will you be part of the filibuster?  Explain your answer, either way.
you rock!! Thank you!
Thank You
@MizLiz65 Are you also supporting the filibuster! We need you to support the filibuster!
Thank you my Senator!
: thank you for your vote and continuing communication.
Thank you Senator! We've got your back here in MN.
Thanks for voting 'no'.  Does this also mean you will be joining @SenSchumer's filibuster?
- Gorsuch - should be a yes.  We need to stop mallng our Constitution.  A nation of law...applied fairly with a Constitution.
Constitution doesn't require 9 justices.
Many thanks Senator
And he's a Constitutionalist
that's great Amy. Thank you. Can you also clarify whether you are voting no on cloture?
thank you stand up for Americans against a terrible choice for supreme court
@amyklobuchar
Ma'am, thank you very much.
Voting against Gorsuch is great but ineffective unless you're also saying no to cloture.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you for voting no!
Southern suburb here. Thx Amy
but are you committing to filibuster?
Thank you, Amy!! Sorry I missed it!
all great reasons, as well as his nomination should NEVER have been available in the first place #stolen
Yes! This! Every time I hear Spicer whine about blocking I just remember what they did to Garland. So Wrong!
didnt even allow garland 2 have a proper review.  If he failed because of that, fine, but none
Exactly. The Dems are listening to this guy, exposing how scary he is too. But Yeah not for Garland.
You will vote no BC of different ideology. Justices are not politicians. So disappointed. You lost my vote next round.
love you Amy!!!
Call me old fashioned, but I figured you'd vote yes because he's a qualified and has a sound judicial mind. Oh well.
irrelevant. Cannot steal SC appt
this is when partisanship goes too far. Gorsuch is a principled judge who cares more about the law than partisan politics
so was Merrick Garland.
Thank you
Thank you!
Thank-you Amy Klobuchar for voting NO on Gorsuch  SCOTUS Appointment
Thank you for your line of questioning on Gorsuch. His tone alone with you has me concerned for womens rights. SE mn
From one mother of a child with disabilities, thank you!
And don't forget that he is opposed to a woman's right to make choices about her body
thank you Senator Klobuchar, for your thoughtful votes! We love you!!
Thank you.  Moreover, Gorsuch shouldn't come to a vote until we have #trumprussia answers.
Republican's treatment of Garland not a factor in your decision?
Great to hear. Thank you!
Thank you!
THANK YOU!
Thank you for the no vote.
thank you senator
thank you
@MizLiz65 thank you!
Great news! This means NO on cloture too, right?
Thank you, Senator, from another of your constituents.
Will you be supporting @SenSchumer's filibuster?
I second this request. Please announce you support the filibuster, Senator!
Thank you Sen. Klobuchar! I'm proud to have you represent me!
