How about the Clinton Qhadaffi connections.
We need that independent special prosecutor!
Thank you for looking into shell companies' involvement in real estate.  Besides the $ laundering aspect, it's making city rents very high.
Go get them AMY
I watched. You nailed it again. Thank you for being so awesome.
You are awesome!  Must have an independent investigation! Shame on @SenTedCruz & @JohnCornyn for BAD questioning on EO!  Wish you were in Tx
Sorry, Helaine.  We love her way too much here in #Minnesota. Hopefully some day we can all share her as president.
You are fortunate! See what we are stuck with here in Texas?!?
Some of us in Minnesota are contributing to @BetoORourke to see more progressives in congress! And Ted Cruz is a tool of uncanny proportions
That is so awesome!  I've made contributions in other states as well. Together we can do this!  #resist
Just saw you on MSNBC with Cris M. Thank you ! Proud to be a Minnesotan with you!
Thank you for asking those questions, Senator.
--and let those questions have some sharp points. Please!
She sure schooled Ted Cruz! 
Thank you, Senator. You're absolutely right- we need independent commis. to investigate Russian influence and how to deal with it in future.
What a waste of time. Ppl are homeless, hungry, in pain & dying.
Thanks for representing us MN so well!
GO!  We're counting on you all to uncover this treasonous administration!
No... why do you wish this? I wish it was different. Stop wanting the worst!
are you kidding me? Ask yourself, would you move to Russia in a heartbeat?
Thank you!
The reality is that Russians are really prepared and equipped to conduct messier propaganda and disinformation attacks.
Go get them Amy!!!!!!!
When all "facts" gathered-then what?Prosecutions? Finger pointing to infinity?  Only losers are taxpayers who fund this Kabuki theater.
Where is equal outrage for 6.5 Trillion unaccounted for in Pentagon budget. Government has no respect of the people's money.  Deplorable!
you mean the hearing clapper & yates stated still no evidence of Russian collusion. will you ask about influence of Obama admin influence
So tired of the guilty until proven innocent approach, surely there must be more work to get done than this.
If facts matter.. Why aren't you going after Hillary since she actually profited from RUSSIA???
Keep on bringing out the truth!
Thank you! #Klobuchar2020 #SallyYatesIsAPatriot #IndependentInvestigation 

I will be donating to your campaign fund!
What did the WH know and when did they know it?
Now where have we heard this before? Hmmm....
Liked your questions.  Need special prosecuter -- now
The only reason your people lost is corruption and coddling any special group who might vote for you regardless if they want all of us dead
This country is ready for universal or single payer healthcare. I'd gladly pay 20% more in taxes for Healthcare.
Here in SW MN we appreciate and will support you. Even my Republican brothers. Stay clean (no scandals/emails) and you'll go far.
Keep on the Russian ties, not unmasking and Muslim Ban! Embarrassed by pro @realDonaldTrump hacks ??
Thanks for asking the tough questions senator! We're counting on you to get to the bottom of this cronyism by trump and team
You all ass-u-me that @VP didn't lie about what he knew about @GenFlynn How can you be do sure? @WhiteHouse counsel may have also told him!
What intelligent, respectful questions. Thank you!
Thank u for ur good work today!  Much appreciated!
"We cannot allow foreign countries to influence our democracy" —@amyklobuchar 
Excellent questioning, senator   Thank you! 
But it's okay for CBS, NBC, and CBS to influence our democracy.  Propaganda.  Get more facts from RT.
Donna Brazile, Hillary and Robby mook can assist in legislation since they broke the law
I have serious concerns over influence of elections by the liberal media in USA. They are now utilizing tv shows. What are u doing?
Excellent question about shell corporations and money laundering! #factsmatter
THANK YOU!
There's . You want the investigation while dnc scrubbed ,,Hillary scrubbed . Just pass laws .
Thank you for calling for an independent commission. #CountryOverParty
thank you for your questions
Go, Amy!
Like the dnc who took foreign campaign ,,Hillary campaigned in France ,,so France elitist screw with our elections and Obama screwed with
So nice to see a respectful exchange with no interruptions or talking over each other. The whiny GOP boys' club should watch/learn.
Citizens
Religious right wait til travel ban goes to supreme court , citizens don't have a right to come to this country ,she put strangers over
Bill gave a paid speech and hung out with Putin, given bill history Hilary couldn't be compromised. Cause he compromised the office
You didn't ask any questions, you coddled Yates!. You don't want to know the truth.
"Let's get to Russia"...yes, BRING IT, @amyklobuchar! Thank you!!
Her foundation, yet she she took money for foundation and foundation pays her cronies she can't be compromised
Lol. Let's see how your president makes your life better.
I love you so much for letting Sally Yates defend herself from the odious AF @tedcruz
Come on! Stop taking the bait & getting distracted about the #MuslimBan. Get back to #TrumpRussia! We don't have time for this nonsense!
Yates lied,,lied ,lied she stated she was legal and she was acting head of it . Compromised Obama told Hillary that she couldn't operate
#SalleyYatesIsAPatriot
Great...Ask why Trump appointed a traitor as Director of the NSA.  #LockTrumpUp
Just tuned in and wondering why they are asking Ms. Yates about Muslim ban?
Go Amy!!!!  So proud you represent me!
@SenateDems - if Obama admins in 2015 Flynn was a Russian spy why did they renew clearance in 2016
Follow the money. #russiagate
Was the reasoning for Qhadaffi's execution ever investigated? Hillary, France, gold bullion.  Would love to know. Libya was western Allie.
your hair looks great!
We are counting on you to focus on the important things, unlike the GOP who are asking about unmasking.
Yaaaaayyyyyyy!!!
Ask him why DNC wouldn't let their servers be examined.
right after that. a hearing on unicorn influence on  santa.
Go get em Senator
Why did it take WH 18 days to fire Flynn after Yates warning?
Thank you for update!
Americans don't care who leaked. Don't play that cowardly game. Get to the heart of the matter: is trump compromised?
Many Americans DO care who leaked.....maybe @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats don't but @SenateGOP @HouseGOP  care!
The house is on fire! Who lit the match? I don't care. Who called the fire department? They must be punished! -GOP logic-
Could you steer it from Graham/Grassley obsession with damn leakers, clarify thatFBI rpt did NOT find nothing, let Hates finish her timeline
Thank you!!! You are amazing!! I heard you on @PodSaveAmerica and think you should run for president!!
Ask Yates if she knows how many Republicans are currently being blackmailed! (Grassley sounds like one.)
Thanks in advance for asking real questions (unlike some of the silly GOP focus)... Go @amyklobuchar!
Please consider Minn. Gov and POTUS in your near future Sen. Klobuchar
Go Sen. Klobuchar Go! #Persistance #TrumpRussia #FlynnisaStooge
Please..dig in with questions they can answer in this setting! Let's get down to business!!
Please ask meaningful questions that will lead to real answers, not just "I plead the 5th." Get those facts Amy!
your thinking of the dems. the 5th is their bread abd butter.
That's exactly who I meant Skidmark!
Thank you Senator Klonuchar for your constant integrity and work ethic! It's deeply appreciated.
Sure hope it leads to frump being impeached and prosecuted.
We are counting on you to get the facts!
Go get em Senator!! #TrumpRussiaCollusion
the connection is in the dems imagination
*waving at my screen*
I hope you get facts. I feel that she is dancing around. #FactsMatter
Thank you, Senator Klobuchar. Please find out what the administration knew and what they have kept from us.
The men keep interrupting the woman.
Go Amy!  We believe in you!
Get 'em Amy!
