@realDonaldTrump our white supremacist in chief strikes again. A disgusted Republican.
A disgusting Republican is more accurate. Politicians hate Trump, because they can't control him.
#trump2020 #BuildTheWall #justinedamond
Good Lord. Nice tweet. Are you old enough to be on Twitter?
Pal, I can tell u are what you are and that’s all you’ll ever be. I’ll pray for you to be granted and ounce of wisdom.
Keep wishing to your invisible skydaddy to yourself. 
#Somali
#Somaliland 
#JustineDamond
Hurtful but not surprising that @realDonaldTrump would abandon US citizens in an area he probably didn't know existed until a month ago
Bwahahahahahaaaaa.... Another white guilt progressive libtard... "SoCal"? That sounds pretty MNish.
#Somaliland 
#JustineDamond
#Trump2020
That's a bot.
I'm no bot.
So what is a libtard? I've seen it used but not sure of the meaning or it's applicability to me? What is with your Somaliland hashtag?
How's that importing #Somali rapists and killers coming along? Get enough votes yet? #JustineDamond still hasn't received justice.
What are you doing to stop this madness?
Cause Mueller got Pence in his sights, too
Amy please act as though Minnesota conservatives are your constituents too. You're a smart lady, but your comments are also divisive.
It's divisive to state that POTUS is running contrary to VPOTUS & GOP? Why?
Because he's a terrible statesman. Ms Klobuchar is a professional statesman and knows better.needs to unite to improve healthcare not divide
I'm not arguing that he's not a terrible statesman. I just don't understand how stating a fact is divisive. Facts aren't partisan.
Quoting WaPo and calling "mean tweets" are not facts. Those are opinions, my friend. It would benefit her agenda to be less divisive
He's threatening to pull aid from people who are dying. That's not mean?

As for WaPo, they literally just cited his Tweets.
I understand your point clearly. she is representing the anger that you feel, which I respect. I just expect better from her. She can help
I'm just struggling to understand how facts are divisive. I agree that action is preferable to words though.

BTW- Yay for civility! Go us!
What a piece of work.... sigh
It’s not”mean” Amy, it’s hateful. Congress needs to move on this. And NO LOANS. Send them aid like we do other Americans
Why doesn't WH give unlim'd resources to cruise lines to make the exodus of the people still there & get them off the island ASAP? SAVELIVES
"Mean tweets?" I guess the truth hurts. FEMA can't stay in PR Territory forever. PR Gov has to take over at some point. It's their job.
Are you a Russian bot? You act like one.
Get REAL..START BEING BENEFICIAL TO BRINGING HIS AGENDA FORWARD...NANCY,MAXINE,HILARY,.ETC.
Smoke screen for tax bill.
This response is totally ridiculous and shows racism st it’s worst. First he blames PR for tipping the budget out of wack, now wants to stop
@realDonaldTrump Puerto Ricans r DYING from contaminated H20! This is ur Katrina! SHAMEFUL @Lin_Manuel
disgustingly unpresidential, but mainly unDISASTER responsivness, HIS jet came in w/out ANY US meals/water/supplies/babyformula/blankts
He did not say that he was going to abandon them that is the law stop lying you people are disgusting
Democrats always want the Gov to take care of people indefinitely. Relief aid is meant to be temporary.
Lets get this str8: TRUMP IS NOT USA; his SecyState:"Trump speaks for himself" We mustget enforcmnt of Constitutnl readngs 2 shut him down
We know you won't let Puerto Rico be abandoned.
25th amendment. Now.

Yuck!!! Please continue to use your influence to help the people of Puerto Rico.
Please someone in Congress do something about this madman!
P.R. Citizens pay for FEMA in their taxes, just like U.S. FEMA isn't free, he can't just stop, he needs to be stopped. Where is Congress?
Are you insane?  No They Dont
Take him out with the 25th!
What kind of "leader" does this?  He is certainly doing his best to NOT make Puerto Ricans feel protected and secure.
They are Americans!
Enough is enough. He has to be stopped, at the rate we're going WW3 will be here long before congress acts.
WW3. Because of PR?  Im pretty sure we can take them?
Surprise, surprise!!! Glad I voted HRC in 2016...
@amyklobuchar when is it enough? What are you doing to stop Trump and his minions?
Trump always threatening someone something everyday do your duty an evict this administration from WH
Keep assuming and it will go to California instead.
Amy the PR gvt is corrupt thus the reason for bankruptcy. This all started b4 Trump.
It will also provide all the funds needed to rebuild all that is necessary in Minnesota w/o raising taxes a single dime:$400M cash/day/25yrs
My proposal (which you and others in Minnesota assume too good to be true) will enable Puerto Rico to completely rebuild w/o any other help.
FakeNews!  He said aid can't go on indefinitely and it can't!
Shameful and horrid. Of course @fema can stay for as long as it takes.
That Island was destroyed before the storm.
It's a lot worse now.
Some people should really get their facts straight.
Perhaps the Clown-in-Chief would provide another paper towel distribution.
Please run for president and undo everything he is doing!
Please be very loud and insistent on this issue--PR should not be abandoned, nor burdened with more loans to pay for recovery. Despicable.
Trump threatened every american when he took the oath. And yet congress continues to allow this disgrace in the WH. We have had enough UNFIT
Turn up the heat Senator. This is beyond politics.  Not who we are as a people- thumbing our noses and turning our backs on those in need.
Please find some Senators across the isle that agree this guy is bad for America. Like now. Get them to speak out. Please!
I’m finding it harder & harder to believe that this man is still in office...
Mean? I call it FACTS! PR pays no Fed taxes to US Govt. Demand ongoing billions from tax payers? I don't think so shill
Amy please explain why Congress isn't enacting the 25th Amendment.  Many of you are speaking out but we see nothing being done.
Please keep fighting for our brother & sister citizens in Puerto Rico, Senator. I am always appreciative of the hard work you do for us.
All of you need to do what failed to happen in Germany.  The future of this country is at stake.   Convince republicans to speak out MORE!!
@POTUS, @VP @GOP can't be trusted
DO SOMETHING! #heisnotfit #25thAmendmentNow PEOPLE ARE DYING!
This headline is just not strong enough of a rebuke of this ridiculous, treasonous behavior. These are not just “mean tweets” they’re policy
As a Puerto Rican living in Minnesota I'm glad to see our elected officials standing up to this man! But we need you all to be more vocal.
Unfortunately for Puerto Rico, Trump says his view point is all that matters, which is sadly true, as no Republican is willing to stop him on any horrible thing he says or does.
Time for the 25th. Now!
Saying to all Congress... Hint: dereliction of duty is impeachable
The GOP can still push their malicious agenda under a President Pence, why won't they act to end the madness?
Just impeach him - did you see how they are deciding the Iran deal of all things?  This is not how our government was meant to work!
Thanks! Every time a progressive opens their mouth like this, another person goes red.
Libtard screeching has gotten old.
#Trump2020 #maga
The whole GOP abandons Americans daily through its stances on health care, taxes. DJT is overt manifestation of GOP lack of compassion.
We need more people in congress calling out this man baby more often. Preferably to his face, in front of everyone.
Amy what can Dems in congress do to act without him. There has to be bipartisan support to get something veto-proof through. Help
Absolutely shameful. There are no more words to describe him.
We really need congress to do more to reign this dangerous man in
