Thank you @alfranken and @amyklobuchar for voting NO. https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/826882473996992513 …
Proving critical thinking has no role in your politics
Thank you, Senator. Stay strong!
And Pruitt still confirmed. You Dems are ridiculously weak. Shame
stop the division already.  It serves no one. Act like a leader, not a submissive D follower.
@alfranken thanks for voting NO!!
Thank you for each one of these NO votes!
Thank You for standing up to Trump and standing up for the American People!  Keep fighting for us!
thank you for staying true to your values. This is why I voted for you and you will continue tobhave my support!
Thank you @amyklobuchar
What happened on Haley, Kelly, Mattis, and Pompeo?
as a MN resident, veteran and military spouse I do believe Mattis is the most qualified.
Mattie is wildly more qualified than other nominees, yes.
Thanks for your votes! Would Devos allow to be taught?
Also:
My fav comment on your tweet is the one that gets at the heart of the matter.
Thank you. Some of your colleagues don't seem to understand this isn't about losing election but being qualified for post.
Thank you, @amyklobuchar !!!
then I'm voting NO on you in two years. Tired of partisan obstruction. Work together or get out of the way of those who will.
He's thrown so much shit at the wall, you must be ready for a shit load more! Yeah–some may be good–but the bad will screw US.
@BugFolk @alfranken 
Amy, NO to Gorsuch! Racist, anti Semite. Good work.
Thank you. #resist
your actions are a perfect example of why Hillary lost , keep up the good work the DFL is almost done
HAPPY to see that you are voting No on those nominees. They are all BAD for this country.
Thank you, Senator. You make me proud to be a Minnesotan.
Thanks Amy! Great work!
@BugFolk @alfranken - Thanks for looking out for your constituents. I am proud that you are serving us!
thanks Amy!
@SenFranken any comment on those you voted yes to
Thank you!
Keep up the good work Amy !!! Don't approve any of Donald J Trumps Cabinet Picks !!!
Thank you a million times
@BugFolk @alfranken Thank you Amy from Minneapolis!
Thank you Senator! Please keep up the fight for all of Us.. I'm from Mo but follow and am impressed by you! Thank you 
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
And Yes on everyone else? What's going on, fml. https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/congress-trump-score/ …
Thank you
thank you for your NO on DeVos
but why did you vote for Pompeo? You answer everything except this. The man advocated for torture essentially.
thank you Senator! You are the best!
Thank you! Keep up the good work! I know it can be stressful but we all appreciate your leadership in this difficult time.
We so appreciate it!  Stay strong thru Supreme Court nominee too!
thank you for your leadership
Thank you, Amy!
thank you!!! There were conflicting reports so thank you for clarifying!!
Yes u must stand with the losers the Dems!
THANK YOU for listening to your constituents, asking the tough questions. Proud to have you representing me.
Thank you, Senator.
@ alfranken thank you for standing up to trump and voting NO!
I'm disappointed that as a MN resident I have no representation in US Senate. Thx Amy & Al
YES!!!! YES!!!! AND HECK YEAH!!!!!! #resist #Unqualified
your actions are a perfect example of why Hillary lost , keep up the good work the DFL is almost done
thanks!!!
is there a reason to ever vote yes to one of these people? 

you - and all democrats - need to WITHHOLD CONSENT at every turn!
thanks to you and @alfranken for representing MN values!
@BugFolk @alfranken Thank you.
I was under the impression you were not aware you could vote no but thanks for the 1 out of 6
sending you good vibes. How do we get more on board with this?
Thank you, Amy! So happy to have you representing me... keep up the great work!
thanks for voting No! You truly have best interests at heart for MN and US!
If you aren't voting for Gorsuch I would like to know why not. He is an excellent candidate. #noblock #voteyes
Thank You!
Thank you for your stand on DeVos, Pruitt, Price, Nmuchin & Sessions.
thank you for supporting us by voting NO
The 'new' party of "no!"
thank you senator!
Great to hear!!
Dems need to stop being so damned polite! Start reminding them of their obnoxious 8 years of foot stomping.
thanks for having our backs #theresistance
@BugFolk @alfranken Thank you!!!
Thank you for your no votes...especially DeVos and Sessions. Whew!
Good job, Amy.  Keep fighting for Minnesota and the rest of the country.
Thank you Senator! These Robber Barons, have no real good intent for the American people. New AG is popular with Arabs Petro $
your actions are a perfect example of why Hillary lost , keep up the good work the DFL is almost done
Thank You!!
you COULD lead all the way to 46.
Are you voting for Gorsuch? You do represent the entire population of Minnesota. Do you not?
o expect this shortsightedness from Mr. Franken. I believe you are better than that.
can you let us know how this vote is a beneft to the USA pr how this brings us closer together?
you had better!  I cannot believe we need to tell Dems this.  Such a disappointment.
Thank you Senator Klobuchar! I have a lot of respect for you and the work you do for all Minnesotans!
thank you for standing strong against Devos, Pruitt, Price, Mnuchin, Sessions!
fight them on Steve Bannon in the NSC too when you find time.
why did you vote yes in committee for DeVos?
Thank you your courage and integrity.
@BerlySays1 @BugFolk @alfranken Thank you!
Thank you!!
Thank you for voting no on these...people.
thank you  Amy. We need to stop being Minnesota nice
.@amyklobuchar you know you're allowed to vote no on all of them, right?
We Minnesotans are very proud of you and @alfranken!!!!!!
thank you!!!
Thank you Senator. I appreciate it as your constituent.
Perry?
This MN resident thanks you.
you're making us proud Amy, thank you 
Thanks, Senator!
thank you!
thank you! 
now THIS is what your constituents love to see! Thank you, senator!
Are you not running for re-election in 2018?
Thsnk You,Sen Klobuchar4 Doing So!! You Have.My Support! !
Now you just need to convince one more fellow senator to switch their DeVos vote. Please, our children's future is at stake.
Or, like, tell us why you didn't? Any explanation. Any at all.
thankou
thank you.... we're expecting you to run in 2020.  We thank you for listening to the people.
Sessions is this position is an abomination
Maybe a shorter list would be who you are voting yes on ;)
Thank you Senator!
thank you for standing for us!
Thank you Senator Klobuchar!
Go find Toomey and tell him to vote NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THANK YOU!
