I’m still at the table ready to work on a bipar agreement as soon as Republican leaders drop this harmful, partisan Trumpcare bill. -PM
If you want pp to vote for you in 2018, back Medicare for All now!
This is me smacking my head against my desk.



Bipartisanship is meaningless without rational actors 

#SinglePayer is #Tripartisan
The Dems are, but are the Reps.?
We want #MedicareForAll PERIOD!
"Bipartisan" - Legislative result where twice the normal number of hogs waddled up to feed at the trough, and twice the damage to citizenry.
Just like you democrats did with Obama care. Right?
Go one payer!
Dear Sen. Klobuchar, what's a bi-partisan health care bill going to be?
Smaller tax cuts for the rich? Fewer people throw off Medicaid?
So you're saying Obamacare was a mistake?
Ok. Like Obamacare was bipartisan. Sounds good.
It was. It went through several months of bipartisan talks, hearings, and revisions.
It is also based on a Republican plan from early 1990s.
A what was the vote on the Bill that passed?
You're welcome for the important info on the ACA's bipartisan process, which clearly you did not know.
You're also welcome to my block list.
Ouch. Avoid the question, add to Block List. Typical.
Bring back? Does that imply bipartisan talks previously occurred? When? Where? Were you involved?
I can't imagine a scenario where we achieve success. GOP so radically right wing that we won't match Western Democracies.
I hope Sen. Murray will soon have returning Republican company to work to improve ACA.
Koch brothers have promised to give $500,000,000 (yes that's 500 million dollars) to Republicans when they repeal ObamaCare.
Repealing ObamaCare would put almost one trillion dollars into the pockets of the wealthiest 400 entities in America. They don't need it!
Bipartisan like Obamacare? Oh wait.
"We have to pass the bill so you can find out what's in it". Remember that Sen. Amy K? You voted for it so own it!
Quote the whole quote. Lying is bad.
"if you like your dr you can keep your dr"  "if you like your plan you can keep your plan".  Lying IS bad.
Period.
@PattyMurray Tweek the problems with health care we the people want same health care politicians have nothing less
do all these people that hate ACA, work for the government. ACA helps millions with Medicare expansion.
#medicareforall is the only sane solution.
Time to put a stop to sabotage of ACA, drain the swamp in 2018, take back house and Senate and THEN repair what is broken.
Support single payer now or no more senate for you
Good idea but be humble because the Dems are the ones that ramrodded this dismal ACA thru the legislature in the first place. Low confidence
Excuse me, but what planet are you tweeting from? Because on Earth, Republicans will NEVER work on a health care plan as good as they got.
Unless your plan involves removing profit from Healthcare, you're wrong...
Pfft! #TuesdayThoughts
Your Party has offered zero bipartisan help. You all are just sitting on your hands. Americans won’t forget next election you did nothing.
Thank you women of reason, intelligence and good conscience.
I didn't watch the CNN debate cuz I can't stand Sanders' divisiveness. I hope YOU can accomplish some working together on healthcare. Thanks
You mean ObamaCare isn't saving everyone $2500?
Thank you! Keep up the vital work.
@SenateMajLdr needs to get on board instead of whining and pointing fingers. Childish.
Do it!
Bi-partisan that begins with "We (crying Chuck) will not work with the Republicans unless they drop this 'Repeal' .... "  yeah right.
Female senators can get the job done. Working together.
If folks just let the women senators & house reps handle fixing Obamacare....I'll bet it'd be done by dinner time.
Thank you for #women in #Congress for trying to do what is right for the American people. #NoGrahamCassidy
.@GOP Cowards in Congress bullying disabled Americans just like illegitimate potus. #CassidyGraham #Repeal is #TaxCuts4Rich is #DeathBill
Great see in what u had to say last night. Great ideas th
at hopefully are listened to
Agree! What say you @marcorubio Be brave and stand up for all Floridians and US!
or you could plug #medicare4all until the GOP gets on board and it's bipartisan, or you win the majority back on it
Please ensure fix to ACA drops federal exchange income limitation for individuals in the states that didn't expand Medicaid!!
A bipartisan bill is only way to go. Healthcare affects us all so why not work together to fix it?  Compromise is not a bad word
You did amazing last night in the debate.  Please keep fighting the good fight.
Ok they thru Sat and we have zero reason to trust them. What are you all gonna do to protect us.
When will ALL of you Act Accordingly it's not about your personal beliefs..
do 1 improvement @ a time 2 c if it helps. Try getting it passed 2 improve current issues until bipart hc plan done & approved
y cant an amendment b made 2 incr. the max income thats allowed 2 get help &/or increase amt of help $ given 4 all w rate inc
Great debate last night!
The choice for @GOP? A bipartisan bill that helps all Americans OR Koch's $millions. Gee, I wonder what they'll choose....
@JeffFlake
LISTEN! The people are screaming for MEDICARE FOR ALL! NOW is the time.  Not after our system has killed thousands more.
How bout fighting politics of greed and supporting Bernie's plan with 15 other Senators?  May not be bipartisan yet
Not passable
May want to put healthcare on a back burner for a time while you people work to remove trump. He is going to get us all killed if you don't
It would be nice to 1st get assistance for our citizens in Puerto Rico before doing anything else. Then move on to healthcare
AND,   GET A BIPAR ON GETTING PUERTO RICO WATER, BASIC SUPPLIES,  NOW, NOW, NOW BABIES, ELDETKY, PPL DYING!
That's the point. It's not about helping Americans. It's about the black guy.
Lead, Democrats, & hopefully they will stop sabotaging
I'm so proud that you are my Senator. Wonderful job tonight! I'm all for bipartisan solutions.
Time for #BipartisanHealthcare debates!
That got the louder applause! That is what We are yearning for!!
Except that this is not really honest since you have refused to work on anything that would include an ACA repeal. Do you prune weeds also?
And Obamacare was the result of bipartisan http://efforts.You  only cry out for bipartisanship in theory not for real on this one.
The old white male brigade has repeatedly failed spectacularly at a plan. It's the women's turn to have a go at it. Make it happen ladies!
Knowledgeable, warm, factual and classy.  You were great tonight.  Thank you!
What is the meaning of bipartisan? Hope @amyklobuchar understand?
NO LEAVE #Obamacare  ALONE UNTIL WE CLEAN OUT CONGRESS. #GOPisDEADMEAT
Great job tonight! We need your voice!
You were great tonight and I am so happy that you represent us concerned Minnesotans! Thank you!
What are the suggestions. Why not join @GOP and work out a new plan? @GOP is ready for all suggestions provided you support if included.
Great Job tonight lady! Klobuchar/Sanders 2020.. or vice versa.. healthcare should be a right!
PLEASE run for President! You would win.
You did an amazing job on the debate tonight!
Good job on @CNN. You are a very eloquent debater. You taught me much.
Great job tonight #HealthCareDebate
I agree w/all you said in the debate. U need to speak up more, be tough, because what you have to say & do is vitally important.
Just watched you in the debate. I want to thank you from Georgia for fighting for people with disabilities.  Please continue to fight for us
Great job tonite, Senator. Clear. Concise. Educational. #DebateCNN
I like you. You should run for President! I am very serious
Great job in the debate! Thanks for putting the American people first! God bless you & your family!
Great job tonight on the @CNN debate! Can you tell me the name of the bills for Medicaid and Medicare buy in? Let's do it already!
You kicked a** up there! Thank you.
Did dims work with republicans to write up the aca? No you own it. Period.
Amy we love you!  Keep up the fight!!!
Why is this bill partisan?? Help us voters understand. #HealthCareDebate
Thank you for reppin' us good!  
You were great tonight in the debate! Thank you!
Absolutely!
I love your work. Amy. Love u
You know Plan Parenthood gets money from bad things and gives donations to Democratic Party.  They also make a lot of money.
Sadly, once the September 30 deadline passes, all the leverage goes to Dems, who passed the current disastrous health care bill.
Yes more working together
IndianPM approved 52 weeks off for maternity leave
Please continue to fight for us. I can't lose my insurance and planned parenthood should never be taken away. Fight ladies!
sorry I missed you on CNN, but couldn't stomach watching the rest of the group.
Same. I hope they allowed Senator Klobuchar to get a word in here and there, bunch of old sexists that they are.
You should join Governor Dayton, Senator Franken and the majority of Democratic voters in supporting single payer. What are you waiting for?
Great job at the debate. I'd love to see some of your ideas implemented
Hear, hear!
Please talk about how Trump is sabotaging the ACA from within. Thanks! #HealthCareDebate
Let's compromise and only kill disabled people with last names that start with R-Z!
DEMOCRATS BAD REPUBLICANS GOOD.
Thank you Senator.
Thank you Senator Klobuchar, we need to have more people willing to take a bipartisan view on the issues.
Thank you for being such an awesome voice for Minnesota!
Thank you Amy.
Thank you both! Am calling to thank McCain, Collins and Paul. Hope Murkowski too.
Thanks Senators for believing in bipartisan Dem/Rep work to fix ACA. U guys were making progress when McConnell shut you down #mn03
That's righ
That's right,I appreciate all your hard work
@PattyMurray Citizens of both parties want Medicare for all. Bipartisanship is meaningless if Democrats won't fight for that.
Uuuum we kinda need to start stepping up again
Amen. Find one moe GOP w/ guts to say no in case Rand Paul flip flops! Kill this zombie bill RIP
@PattyMurray U already destroyed our health ins system by supporting the disastrous Obamacare. U hurt so many ppl.
Follow QI/QP methods: Lv Titles at the door, are ALL the right folks at the table, i.e. WOMEN. If business knows how, why can't gov't learn?
Great. Then we can have twice as many special interest groups we have to pay off. #SinglePayer
In the meantime can someone do something to help Puerto Rico?  What is taking so long?  This is a humanitarian crisis!
Could you two invite Trump out for a meal that Americans can afford when they dine out, say Olive Garden, and school him on healthcare?
Are you still participating in the ridiculous HC debate tonight? So disappointed. Not the time OR the place. Focus on ACA in Congress.
So Obamacare was bipartisan then?? Apparently bipartisanship is only necessary when you're in the minority. You are to blame for this mess.
Yes, both sides worked together. It was not popular with the GOP,  but they had input and debates.
"Bipartisan"? But you're forgetting something: we won. And something else: Trump's got a phone and a pen.
PS: We told you so.
Time to bring back bipartisan politics all together. There used to be something called compromise. You politicians need to relearn that.
It's called term limits
I'm confident that level heads will prevail.
Please have all the female Senators of both parties get together and get health care done.  Mom's know how to care!
Yup. Klobuchar, Collins, Murray, Murkowski et al.  It's clear they're the real leaders.
Ha, very funny!
How about impeachment talks !?!
Amy, it is time to bring back bipartisan talks on all issues.
So where was this when Dems forced Obamacare down our throats 
Klobuchar, Murray, Collins, Murkowski as a Health Care working group. I know they're all Women. Maybe that should tell us something.
Thank you for safeguarding ALL Americans
God bles America

Instead, pivot to Universal Health Care. Don't be scared. It's the right message to send. /2
I hardly think the message should be consensus, the Republicans demonstrated their absolute disdain for the process.  /1
Please endorse Single Payer.
It wont pass committee so why? Not the right political environment when GOP trying to gut all healthcare.
Let's do it
Maybe ask your colleagues tonight why they won't try bipartisan approach now that 3 of their efforts failed! Time for grown ups to work!
We can do it.    With all the advocacy, we can laser focus.    When will there be commitment to cost sharing?
Good to hear.
@PattyMurray Please use the full name Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act on CNN. Obamacare orig GOP name. Confused ppl
Time to bring healthcare to all if you value my returning vote
Please explore closing the loophole that allows drug companies to take taxpayer  while avoiding paying taxes
We'll get there soon
Are you guys still doing the town hall?
GO OUT THEIR AND ROAR SENATOR KLOBUCHAR!
Cassidy says pre-existing won't affect people with employer based insurance.  THIS IS ANOTHER ONE OF HIS LIES!
YES! Guarantee #CSR payments to stabilize market, compel marketing & navigator spend + uptime at http://healthcare.gov  for OE, etc.
"Bring back"? Like, 2009 style "bring back"?
Time to bring back bipartisan talks on healthcare. Only way to get a bill that helps all Americans is by working together. https://twitter.com/PattyMurray/status/912361054977576961 …
People 50+ years old who work as a freelancer - THEIR PREMIUMS WILL SKYROCKET!
Don't forget to point out seniors in nursing homes will SUFFER
Thank you!
Amy - I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU CRUSH CASSIDY AND GRAHAM AT TONIGHTS DEBATE!  ROAR! ROAR!
