Please come together to repair ACA someone will listen won't they?
That's optimistic
TRUE OR FALSE-THE REPUBLICANS ARE THE PARTY OF THE KKK- SEE ANSWER: Carol Swain interview with Dinesh https://youtu.be/E4_wqwbLeh4    via @YouTube
Obamacare is collapsing! I challenge all Senators to have the health coverage we have and this would not be happening.
Dems created this but do not want to help fix. Vote them out in 2018.
Yes. It was an incredibly stupid and dangerous idea.
What are you doing to help find middle ground?  Doesn't sound like much.
The "All women!" note in your Tweet is unnecessary and devisive. Unless you think men shouldn't be in politics, then say it
Given how McConnell ignored Senate women in designing the bill; yes, it is necessary.
The sabotage of the Republicans is most of the problem
Poetic justice.
Please, women, rise up!!!
You will all suffer the consequences in Nov. 2018
I bet that really burns Mitchs'ASS! Especially women Senators! I love it!!
Maybe all the Senate Women can work together to fix the ACA for everyone!
Plan D, put all Ladies in a room together and see if they can advance a bill that will actually help American's.I bet they would succeed
Seriously. The men have failed miserably.
Dare we hope Mitch is rethinking his exclusion of women from the process? And, perhaps, of (shudder!) Democrats?
No. He wants elitist. GOP hate women & Mitch picked all zealot nut jobs & worst threat was oh no, maybe we'll have 2 work w/ Dems!
#ispitonthoughtsofmitch
they proposed what instead?  Health care is a mess, nobody is willing to do anything. So sick of Dem/Rep bs can't get 2gether get out
Please high-5 the 3 GOP women senators for me. I'm an independent from upstate NY & won't forget them.
When a job needs doing...send a woman or three!
What's sad is that you are cheering - you know MN HAD one of the best Healthcare programs in the US. B my rep too. Ocare is not good for MN
 ding dong the witch is dead 
YES!! Finally a couple of republicans who are more concerned with the people than the party.
Woman power again saves the day! #AmyKlobucharforPresident2020
Great job on 11th hour.  Keep bringing great ideas forward
Way to go @HouseDemocrats & @SenateFloor ! @RepDanKildee
Reward people who get off their diabetes meds with diet and exercise
Funding nutrition based care could lower costs, improve health.
Keep working for us you were a bulldog in H county court rooms now turn it up to rabid pitbull
@thomaskaplan couldn't be happier and incredibly relieved
Thank. Goodness for these strong women of principle and integrity!
2HCFA leave men at home  In real life women are on frontline of health care for all!
Stay up front Senator. And how about you and women colleagues in both parties and the house put forth a bill HCFA. Health Care For All 1/
Working together, @amyklobuchar, D women & R women can solve this. Women get things done!  Pls repair ACA, no repeal
Thank you for your work! Can effort be directed to negotiations with insurance and drug companies? @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff
Well that didn't take long...
The question is... what the heck is wrong with the other 47 Republican Senators who might ageee to go along with this?
Yay us!!!
Senator - PLEASE:why no screaming protests over a mandate to buy auto  ins but a mandate to buy health ins is a national debate?
Thank you. I am proud to say you are my Senator!!
Abusing women verbally who then have a vote that may not go your way was never a good idea for trump. Not to mention they are smarter & care
They are persisting, forcing McConnell to listen. Women shut down male-led fiasco. We need more women in office.
Women will save the day! Every time!!
Merci beaucoup, @SenateGOP Ladies. @SenateMajLdr  shut all of you out of GOP panel. Tweak it appropriately w @SenateDems  #SaveACA
Thank You, to the women. Please reach across the aisle for viable, innovative solutions to strengthen/improve #ACA @SenateMajLdr @SenSchumer
this is great,  Obamacare has been a disaster. ..needs more than a quick fix.  Please fight for a solution that works
It should be funnier that the same idiots that voted to repeal Obamacare 50 times can't pass a bill
Please pass along the thanks of this grateful Minnesotan! Looking to the Senate women for bipartisan leadership.
Keep fighting @amyklobuchar! Now is the time we must work together to ensure we do not lose coverage for millions! Let's improve the ACA!
Glad to see Republican women stepping up and acknowledge repeal hurts all Americans!
Thank you Amy, am proud you represent MN
Of course they are all women...
but now the House is writing Bills to force the failure of Healthcare rather than fixing it The death of Americans will be on them
Well you still own Obamacare, and Trump is right that it's collapsing. Even Dayton doesn't like it now, so what are YOU going to do for MN?
@realDonaldTrump Trump owns this! 
#Resist this despot at every turn. He's the enemy. #TrumpOwnsIt
Thank god!
HEY @GOP @POTUS @realDonaldTrump WE'RE NOT GOING BACKWARDS WE'RE DIGGIN IN OUR HEELS  BOOMFIYA GLADIATOR AMAZONS R JUST GETTIN STARTED
We need to fix the ACA and add to it. People need dental and eye care added to it. Hopefully we do this!!
Much appreciation for bi-partisan collegiality among women in the U.S. Senate, both on and off the Floor #AdultsAtWork #CommonSense
Thank you ladies!
Thank them for us all! And thank you for your powerful and brilliant leadership!
Do you find it weird that 18 months ago they all voted to repeal Obamacare and now flipped?
Thank you!
I thank them.  It must have been difficult.
Thank you for helping to protect us, Senator!
Thanks Amy. What on earth is it like to work w these bizarro people! Serious question. How do u have eye contact w them?
Two bills in one day. BIGLY SAD
THANK YOU!!!!! 
#girlpower ! Thank you!
Buy these heroes a drink, Senator!
