So how are the democrats going to make that happen?
The FBI is still able to investigate. Stop wasting money.
Amen! BTW kudos on your questions to Sally Yates yesterday
We need more women in the Senate. They know how to stay on topic. 
Besides that, we just need more senators with backbones, balls, true conviction of right/wrong & heads not up their tuchuses!
Amen!!
Merrill Garland - great idea for FBI or another important post. 
Amy can't agree with you more.  Do something about it.  Keep up the good work!
How can anybody disagree with this. I'm not naïve enough to think people aren't Pardison but this is an American by the GOP
Oh for Pete's sake, the dems wanted him gone along time ago!
He should have been fired day one for the way he acted like an complete moron on the stand during the Clinton emails
And neither you nor I would be able do the job. No one could. Not a perfectly moral person on the planet!
If this would BEEN obama  nothing would have happened no hearings you are a hypothetical DEMOCRATS
BS. They'd have fallen all over themselves to Prosecute Press. Oboma.
Thank you for speaking up! This cannot be swept under the rug! #Comey #Indivisible
Really!!! Give ME a break !!
Busty
BAHAHA! You Dems were calling for his head less than a month ago.  So sad that your only platform is to oppose #PresTrump. #Trump2020
Well Dems wanted him gone a long time ago but now it is politically expedient for you to have him around.  Why are you being so dishonest
Your face is very suspect. We need independent prosecutor & commission.. .
Yeah right!!  Just like Clinton is innocent!!!  Get real people.....
Special prosecutor absolutely critical. Our republic is under attack.
Sorry I meant Merrick Garland.
go get them Amy!
Pick your battles. The man should already have been fired.
Thanks Amy.
Maybe you should focus on Minnesota and not party line politics
Absolutely! Thank You, My "Surrogate Senator," from your Admiring & Appreciative Ft. Worth Fan & Follower!
I called your office this AM, Ecstatic to find out you are as eager as your constituents for an independent investigation into#Trumprussia
Ha....it will take 18 mths to get a prosecutor..and another 18 to get his assistant..lets face it.if dt cured cancer..u would protest
All these days just confirms his inability to perform his job. Time to replace him?
Talk is cheap, Amy!
What have you accomplished this past 100 days? Complaining and whining is not enough.
Sounds a lot like a search for weapons of mass destruction and waste of tax dollars, But do what you must.
Wait weren't you just mad a Comey for the Clinton thing? Make up your damn minds!
I have heard repeatedly there is nothing Wouldn't our politicians have to communicate with Russia? Trump is doing a good job
How is it possible that our entire democratic system relies on one person to appoint a special prosecutor!?!? WTF?
Are you and Al ready to act http://now.You  have to do something now.This firing is an improper act.Don't wait too long to correct.
Thanks, Senator.  I was just going to write you to ask for what you just stated.  Keep doing what you do.  YOU are what makes America great!
This is like Putin in Russia. If you don't like what someone is doing or saying, you get rid of them. Albeit in a less egregious way.
Please do everything you can, spend all of your time and energy, making sure that an independent investigation is conducted.
Stop with the dem talking points - work for Minnesotans about things that matter: FGM, measles, misogyny. Make MN better or be replaced 2018
Shut. It. Down. #ShutItDown
@IndivisibleTeam @ScienceMarchDC @womensmarch @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @taxmarch @MarchForTruth17 THE ERA OF STRATEGIC PATIENCE ENDS NOW.
It seems @ChuckGrassley is the reasonable one.  #Dem180
Please do all you can to appoint a Special Prosecutor
What can dems do to get an independent investigation NOW?
Rosenstein was directed to write an opinion that's why it is in memo form not letter form. It Is a Rosenstein MEMO not a LETTER.
come on Amy, your better than this, dont become blinded by politics
Senators please do your job
Does Comey's firing mean the investigation comes to a screeching halt? Many believed Comey inept. Maybe investigation will go smoother.
Yes! Please push for this to happen. We are with you!
Just stop it! Firing Comey changes NOTHING with the investigation. The sky is falling, the sky is falling cried the democrats. @POTUS
What is he trying to hide?  Interesting...
keep fighting for an independent investigation, this is not normal! Don't let them sweep this under the rug.
You all said he should be fired now he is...grow a pair
Yes we do. Thank you for fighting for one. This is craziness.
But if Hillary would have won and fired him for this email fallout it would have been ok I'm sure. Clearly the guy is inept.
enjoying a recording your may 3 questioning of mr comey on uk tv right now mr comey very forthright seemed a great fbi dir whats goin on :)
And can  Anyone 
@realDonaldTrump  More than EVER NOW 
LYINGDonaldTrump is A LIAR and A CON ARTIST

TheTrouble is TRUMP Thinks he's running his BUSINESS
He is hiding his involvement. Its Nixon all over again. Everytime they get info on his involvement he does something else to take heat off.
Would that be an independant council whos a friend of Hillary ?
I agree with you senator.  Continue to demand independent investigation.
This is TRUMPGATE. We need a "Special Prosecutor" to start impeachment NOW !!
I totally agree with you senator. This is very suspicious!
Then make it happen.
will you ever stop the hypocrisy? acting on strong recomm. by Deputy AG Rosenstein, confirmed 94-6 by senate, appointed Maryland AG by Obama
Thank you Senator Klobuchar!
Counting on you to do all possible to rid  USA of #45 & entire administration 
Thank you, Senator Klobuchar, for calling for a #SpecialProsecutor to continue the #RussiaInvestigation.
CC:@SenCoryGardner
Go get'em Senator. Demand a special prosecutor. Follow the money. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
What you need is a colonic
Please push for this to happen, it's so so so important
Maybe it will actually happen now.
yes #IndependentInvestigation and btw you were great yesterday at the #SallyYates #JamesClapper hearings
Oh the hypocrisy...
We cannot afford to.use. screw Russia, help us, or we can just vote different in 2018. Signed a pissed off Minnesotan
Have it made, no deductibles or co-pays, plus they get dental, we working people do not get that, we pay thousands a year for something
Have done nothing to help us here in Minnesota, help fix the ACA, cause insurance sucks in Minnesota is you have to pay. People on Medicade
Yes we do!! Stand up for America!!!!
Get over the damn Russia Bush already. I had respect to for the congressional and house reps from. My home state until November 9th. You
It predicates guilt
Come on Amy - don't look like a political hack - you are way better than that...
I hope that when this is all over @realDonaldTrump asks you and Franken gor resignation. Comey should probably be in prison like Hillary
How about inaccurate testimony before congress?
He was a political hack masquerading as an FBI Director. Both sides called for his head at one time or another.
Keep fighting Amy.  You have our support!
I am proud that you represent your constituents in a honest, bipartisan way  You represent the office with integrity!
There are very few folks I trust enough to see this through, but you are amongst them. Only Congress has the power to end this spiral.4
Yes, please! #Trumprussia #IndependentInvestigationNow
Obstruction
Say it with me Senator: "Obstruction of Justice"...
I totally agree! #independentProsecutorNow #TrumpRussia
USA stand strong. to #CriminalTrump
#impeachTrumo
#TrumpRussiaInvestigation 
#Trumprussia 
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Thank you!!!
Pot calling the kettle black, hypocrite, go after the Obama cronies and Hillary with a special prosecutor and commission.
Please say no to Trump appointment of Stras for 8th Circuit.
And yet she persisted! Please be strong for all of us and the great American experiment of true Democracy!
Thank you!
@coralhei Somebody please school Trump and @SenateGOP on separation of powers! You know that founding fathers thing. Go Amy!
thank you please make this happen! We are with you
Please keep up with calling for further investigation on trump and Russia.
Worse - it makes our government look like many other impoverished, dictatorial regimes that simply remove 'things' that get in their way.
Thank you senator!  Right behind you!
We need to come together to defend our democracy. We can argue another time, now we need to be united against this assault on our freedom.
Yes!!! Stay strong Senator!!! We are with you!!!
I did not vote for this, it goes against my beliefs, is taking away from important issues & is illogical.What is my next step to fight this?
Susan Collins seems to be ok with it.
We really need the Dems to start winning some damn elections them actually pass some useful progressive legislation
You are all getting closer and this is the only thing he can do. Stay strong and speak for us all Amy
for what? Zero collusion found between trump and Russia!  Move on! All of u libs called for his firing now ur all appalled? 
Well at least he fired him  - the Clintons would have just paid him off and lied about it
Please keep fighting for truth and justice.
I APPRECIATE what you do
Every govt official who is both suspicious of & subordinate to Trump, is thereby endangered.
Whatever happens just keep that clown @alfranken out of the mix
Is the window still open for an independent investigation?  I'm concerned as I read today it is not.
We'll see. GOP may double down, circle the wagons.
Dems stillcrying over spilled milk.. tsk tsk - like em or not he's president, the people voted ! We put up with 8 long yrs crap n more crap
Amy,
In Minnesota we are counting on you to get to the bottom of the Trump corruption. Thank you for your service!
Laurie
1 no proof. 2 it was ok when Pres Clinton fired his head of the FBI. 3 was there a call for an ind prosecutor over H emails & Lynch mtg?
and somebody needs to tell trump and Sessions what "recuse" means.  
Or, was that just a "fuck you" from the dictator?
We need #SpecialProsecutor NOW! Please don't let @GOP continue to ignore this major national security issue. #RussiaGate
Yes!!! We need and demand an independent investigation into Trump/Russia ties.
D JT may have money but he certainly has no class...
We will not be satisfied until there is a special election scheduled for POTUS after the tyrant is forcefully removed from office!
Should've been fired long ago
People out here are very scared now, like we are living in a Fascist state, not a Democracy. How can this happen? Will Congress protect us?
Absolutely.  You Senators are the ones who must get it done.  We are behind you all the way.
You're not proclaiming this loud enough. #trumpistan #ComeyYourFired #TheResistance
Make it so!  There must be a way to bring this about
Yes, please! When? How soon? Let's go. This is taking too long.
Toxic Trump thinks checks and balances don't apply to him.  AMENDMENT 25.  He's gotta go.

Please consider blocking any new FBI director appointee until independent prosecutor is in place.
madam, press on. The nation is in peril from the WH
Didn't you want him fired in November?
such an honor to listen to you at Concordia on Saturday. My son was one of the Dr. of Physical Therapy graduates. Proud to have you rep us!
Be louder, senator! We're with you!
Sure waste more time and money on a non factor fictional Russian conspiracy
No Amy, you Liberals need a #ProZac...
Please Amy...on behalf of the country we love, do something to protect us from the monster in the WH. Our security and freedom is at stake.
I seem to recall some wanting him fired before the election when he dared challenge her highness HRC.
Any doubt our country is being run by criminals? Never has our nation been in a greater crisis from within. Congress U r our last hope.
Now - independent prosecutor and commission, lets get this done, what can we the people do?
Now is the time to make a stand. Stop 45. Go get him Senator!!
This is an attack on our very democracy.
Get your friends McCain and Graham on board? I'm your constituent and know you're right, but who in the GOP will listen to me? Not Paulsen.
You mean the investigation of Hilary Clinton's ties to Russian money?   REALLY!
Or the Clinton Foundation ?  Say btw whats Chelseas salary on that ?
Yes, he should have been fired January 20th.
Senator please express our MN outrage over this terrible act.  In my 52 yrs this is the first time I fear for our democracy.
We agree - please force this issue now. A lot of corruption at Trump Whitehouse. Like Nixon he will be forced out and his family members roo
Americans need the truth whether we like the answer or not. Was there collusion Yes or No? #TrumpRussia #Comey
This is disgusting. Please keep fighting for an independent prosecutor Amy!
How do we obtain this?  #trumprussia
Can you be any more blase Senator?
How does this happen?  Make it happen. No excuses, no stopping
Here here! You are a great reminder we have some sanity in Washington.
we need one of these....
Yeah, because the remaining FBI employees won't know what to do. Your party is that desperate after Queen Hillary didn't get her way?
@POTUS shouldn't be allowed to pick FBI director replacement until cleared of allegations by an independent commission
what can we do as citizens to call for an independent prosecutor?
Let's have two independent prosecutors and commissions. Russia and Hillarys email scandal.
To be fair, @HilaryClinton wasn't very happy with him either...
Please don't let HIM stall and obstruct this investigation. @LindseyGrahamSC @SenWarren @SenJohnMcCain @SenSanders @SenSasse @SenWhitehouse
Your starting to sound like Pelosi, Schumer, and the rest of the DMs. Where was your outrage about his statement back in July abt Clinton.
Please do whatever you can. You have bipartisan support.
Make it happen
With you all the way, Amy! #investigatetrump
Truly no honor among thieves apparently...
Yes. Please work on that!
And his former bodyguard gives Comey the letter a Mob tactic lmao
They will thwart EVERY attempt to continue investigation.This was his way of shutting down investigation for now but PLEASE CONTINUE.PLEASE
There's no such effort - the investigation continues - subpoenas issued today - are you even following the real process instead of the news
Yes we do. Let's make that happen please.
We're counting on you and supporting you as you work to uphold our constitution.
Please fight for this and do not accept no for an answer.  America is at stake.

NOW. We need it NOW.
Definitely!
What WE the people need right now are some assurances.... have you any idea what it's like living this crap every day?!

please help us save our country Amy!
PLEASE!!  Help make this happen.  Our national nightmare just keeps getting more disturbing!  Thanks for helping lead the resistance!!
Must be horrible to wake up to trump as your president, pal...
Please make this happen. The world is counting on you and other senators.
Whatever it takes, please find a way.
Absolutely
Thank you senator!! Proud to be a constituent & excited to vote for you again in 2018. 
Very suspect and unsettling.
Senator - I don't live in MN. Having gotten to know you, I kinda wish I did. PLEASE PLEASE run for President in 2020!!!! PLEASE, I beg you.

@SenFranken @RepJasonLewis A bipartisan, independent commission & prosecutor is your absolute responsibility. Please lead the way from MN
no unanimous consent in the senate for anything until an independent prosecutor and commission is appointed. grind it to a halt
So glad you are in D.C. Representing us.
We demand an independent counsel.
Can you help make it happen?  No faith in the Republicans.
Preet Bharara
GO AMY GO!
