Trump to NBC: "When I decided to [fire Comey], I said to myself, you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made up story."
Dems better find a leader soon to halt the agenda of this Russian puppet.  We need more than a special prosecutor, this is a crisis.
And a special prosecutor to look into how Comey handled all the HRC investigations to see if they need to be done over.
8-year old mind.
I don't kno about the fine senator from #Minnesota but I'll take that bet.
Stand Strong for America, Senator Klobuchar!
He's made it worse for himself with his tweets this morning. He's now threatening a witness to an FBI investigation publicly.
The GOP want to follow him down the toilet with Trump.
No more business as normal in the Senate. Use every procedural rule to slow down everything and call out GOP for covering for 45.
Are you kidding me
To paraphrase his pre election comment, when he needs advice advice he talks to himself - he's smart.
Surreal that we have a President that doesn't base decisions on politics.. it shocks democrats to fire someone who's incompetent
I'm familiar w special prosecutors in 'nothing to see here folks'! I think a civilian oversight committee would be more beneficial. IMHO
Appoint Jim Comey as the special prosecutor! I'm sure he'd be up for the job!
This man has to be impeached and removed. Plain and simple.
Should be, but won't as long as GOP controls the legislature.
Partisanship trumps duty in the two party paradigm I guess. But only when GOP in control that is.Grrrrrrrrrrr
Senator, what are you doing, beyond stating the need for a special prosecutor & ind. comm.? What concrete steps are you taking?
I think we are beyond that dear Senator. His interview has brought us to a new plateau I think. This is clear OBSTRUCTION. Do SOMETHING
Amy, what specific actions are you taking to ensure that those things happen?
She doing nothing because there is no real evidence
How do we make it happen?
He's resurrecting JohnMiller. Maybe Barron. Both TrumpU grads
Isnt a crime required before u need a prosecutor? The Dims r undermining L&O, @POTUS is FINALLY restoring it &undoing the damage by @POTUS44
Surreal? This is ridiculous!
We sure do. Thanks Amy. Looking forward to developments.
Absolutely agreed. But not Garland. We don't want Trump to appoint his replacement.
The Russia story is fake and is a exuse for democrats to obstruct real reform for the people.
Thank you, Senator Klobuchar, for your call to action. Happy that I'm represented in Congress by someone with integrity and honor.
I agree, Senator. He is unfit too!
I hope you realize I meant the Potus when I said unfit.
At the same time lets complete the investigation on Hilary and prosecute her.  The life you are involved with in the beltway is so dishonest
GOP will wait till last minute to finally do something about this fiasco of a president. Then they will claim to be innocent bystanders.
And no new FBI Director goes through until this happens. #resist #trumprussia
Don't U think it would be prudent to have some real evidence first?  Hell, its only taxpayers money,  the Democrat way.
Just heard Dem Dick Morris (B Clinton aide) on 'The General Ledger' saying the Russia story is COMPLETELY fake & Clinton Fdn will be exposed
Find the best! We need to feel safe again!
Fight like our country depends on it, @amyklobuchar !
I agree. We need a special prosecutor and  an independent commission now to find the facts and make sure no one is above the law.
Then do something,all we hear is talk talk talk from Dems.  DO SOMETHING!!!!!!
Don't forget we need to reopen HC scandals. New director can do that.
Innocent people don't need a coverup. They don't fire people to buy time. He didn't want Comey to testify yesterday.
See Shattered. Russia story made up by Podesta & Mook. Investigations have produced no evidence. Waste of time & $ while ppl R dying.
I'd say that is flat-out admission to obstruction of justice.
You've been really tough, Senator. We appreciate you! Thank you! 
And Disbar Sessions For Ethics Violations! You Rock Senator.
that's actually what surreal means - more real.  people use it incorrectly
Keep pushing for it and do your best to get some Repubs to join the fight!
Even if you're not interested in politics, we should all agree: people who refer to themselves in the third-person must be STOPPED.
@TrueFactsStated. If you care to be a step ahead of the press. This gentleman is very connected and reputable. I hope you already know this.
Tinfoil hat on again Amy?
Constitutional Crisis, need special independent prosecutor immediately. we the people demand it!
It makes you want to pop!
Senator, is this not admitting to obstruction of Justice?
Thank you for your service to this country.    You're the first democrat this conservative ever voted for and I am damn proud of you.
Yes...special prosecutor is a must!!  We support you!!
Trump will never be prosecuted as long as GOP in complete control of his fate. We are no longer a democracy, and that's not hyperbole.
I wish you were my Senator. Keep up the excellent work!
You don't trust the folks at the F B I, Senator Klobuchar?
Ehat do we as common citizens DO 2 help make sure we get this investigation DONE NOT BY A TRUMP BOT who's broken constitutional laws?
Impeach!
Did the special prosecutor powers expire in 1999 as PBS NewsHour reports?
I think I remember this happening, now we're stuck.
Thx. Tho if anyone can prevail upon fellow Senators, esp R's, to exert their available checks on power, it's @amyklobuchar.
LOUDER! We need action.
I think the DoJ can prosecute. @HillaryClinton .@brhodes &.@AmbassadorRice just fine without a special prosecutor .@amyklobuchar.
No FBI head confirmation until a special counsel is appointed. @alfranken
Did you call for the same when Hillary was under scrutiny? How about now? Special prosecutor to investigate Hillary and the Clinton Fndn?
his way with words.  #ImpeachTrump
lol u need a military coup to eject this joker Amy every cpl hundred years or so democracy will make dumb mistakes like this
He has openly,on tape,  admitted obstruction of justice. Draft articles of impeachment.
...and the best psychiatrist, it would seem...
His arrogance is only surpassed by his ignorance
Quit waisting tax payer dollars. The dems were pushing to get rid of Comey. Dem corruption wrecks to high heaven.
They aren't leading a #constitutionalcrisis
Ok. The partisanship needs to end. The assistant AG said the investigations were going to continue. Where was Hillaries indep prosecutor?
yes we do.  Please keep up the pressure. It's so nice having two trustworthy and respectful senators representing Minnesota!
I might be okay to turning complete investigation over to Devin Nunes.
#Treason. Comey's letter re FBI to uphold Constitution - he didn't say go get the bad guys. He said protect Americans & uphold Constitution.
Please, no regular business in the Senate until there is an independent investigation.
This is all going to blow up in your face if there's no collusion with Russia.. Every one who hates him haven't found any ties
Amy, MN district 1 resident here. Thank you and I support you, keep up the good fight!
Please help make that happen--while you still can.  #trumprussia
#SpecialProsecutor @jeffsessions should #RESIGN
How are you ensuring this can happen, Senator?
Can anything be done abt this Senator? Interfering w/ fed investigation isn't that alone grounds for impeachment? Is it really 100% up2 GOP
Senator Klobuchar: You have a law degree. You know this is obstruction of justice. Tweets and requests are not enuf. You simply must do more
Hillary lost, she made mistakes that cost her the election. Let it go.
He's talking to himself? Is himself talking back? Psychosis?
He plainly implicated himself in obstruction of justice.
There is no reason to a special prosecutor when James Clapper the DNI director under Obama said there isn't evidence of Trump-Russia.
NOW GOP!!
So how did Russia interfere with the election? How did they made people vote for Trump?
Why does he refer to himself that way? It's creepy as hell.
No one has yet answer the question of how Russia help Trump win the election. Trump won, he was elected with 57% of EC votes?
Trump sounds like a fool in this interview. Like he doesn't know anything.
With all due respect, this is blatant, blaring, outright obstruction. Impeachment should be the correct course of action.
Wow, how can people (congressional republicans) not get it?
Absolutely! ASAP!
How did Russia influence the election? Did they hack voting machines? Drove people to vote? What?
You are my Senator. #resist and FIGHT back
Go get em, Amy
Please.
We need a special prosecutor to look into Hillary.blackberries, forwarding classified emails, Benghazi, selling uranium, the foundation
Cuz that's more important than the current Prez obstructing justice by compromising the investigation into his collusion with an enemy? No.
Comedy figured out Hillary broke the law within a month,  still investigating trump after several months, nothing to find. Lock her up.
Surreal is a tactful way to say what's going on!
Read the NYT - they have a new article !
And, at this point, do you NEED an investigation? He just admitted to obstructing justice ON CAMERA. In a sane world that's the ballgame.
No, since the Trump-Russia is a narrative use by Obama as an excuse to 'wiretapp' Trump. Hiw did Russia influence the election? No answers.
The American people need Impeachment ASAP #ImpeachmentASAP #ImpeachTrump
And a shrink.  Thinking to yourself in the third person goes way beyond simply referring to yourself in the third person.
Please stay strong for us!
Go on TV. Call every reporter and newspaper you know. Shout to high-heaven the words "COVER UP" and "OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE."
DT thinks he is above the law.
And dems need more than just words, time to shut down the senate!
#MedicareForAll, Amy.  Now you say it.
this is based on Crowdstrike (ONLY people allowed to look at DNC servers, history of falsely blaming Russia) + an unverified dossier right?
This is based on DJT saying on camera that he fired Comey because he wanted the Russia investigation to end. That's obstructing justice.
he wanted someone competent. as many on both sides have said, that was in question. this only brought more attention to the investigation
And a Dr/Psychiatrist to examine 45 for mental illness.
NOW
We need to also look at Sessions -- recusing himself and then reinserting himself to recommend Comey's dismissal.
Need to impeach, Senator.
Yes impeach both mn Senators.
Lol learn to read. I placed that comma for a reason.
I know I saw ... Just trying to look for a reason to be agreeable.
That is an understatement
seconded
