Thank them, crooked Hillary needed to be stopped
still waiting 4 that evidence. why was FBI not allowed to examine DNC computers? you see all the new Hillary emails released, real evidence
Pretty sure Obama interfered with the French election hmmm
Because there isn't any evidence.
OAN- Offering 100K for information RE: murder of DNC staffer & Bernie supporter Seth Rich.  Email: Tips@OANN.com
DNC staffer & Bernie supporter, Seth Rich murdered, days B4 he was 2 testify re:voter fraud & Podesta emails. Seth sent 44,053 2 Wikileaks.
Its called Treason by those involved.
Senator Klobuchar please show me the proof. What did you say when President Obama interfered with the Isreal election?
When are you going to get rid of The Super Delegates that decide the nominee instead of the voters?
Where's your proof?
Russia Russia Russia! What next, is he turning the frogs gay? @RealAlexJones
You are uninformed
Agreed. So now what?
Amy will you stop this.  Hillary lost twice. Can we fight Isis and stop fighting Trump!
Prove it.
No russian filled out my ballot    Give it up already!
Absolutely sick
Usually, America requires "proof before consequences".  This Russian fable has gone on long enough.  DNC cover up for internal leaker
Amy. Give it up already and do something to make the country better. Stop being a fear monger and bring evidence to support your claims.
And how, pray tell, did they interfere?
If only they could find some evidence. I think you are smarter than that. Why are you trying so hard to follow party lines?
You are quoting the Washington Post. Which has been proven numerous times to blatently lie.
Grow up and realize their spies are here with or without out their building.
304 to 227... blah, blah, blah
Thank you for your leadership.
Do you approve of @kathygriffin disgusting #IsisStunt
Agreed.  Trump might be overplaying his hand this time.  Then again 41% of America doesn't seem to mind being "sold out".
I got newsflash for the Democrats - the Russians interfered with every election including Obama 2x
Oh for God sakes, will you just stop chasing your damned tail around that #RussianTree?

Getting real sick of it.
Be the voice, Senator!
We all know Trump is trying to give America way to Russia it's time to literally remove the Trump family from that office there traitors!!!!
45 is not sticking with anything. Not fit and not intellectually fit either . Plus has committed treason. Stop this dangerous man.
What you mean to say is " there should be consequences for that"! We will see if there really are or the GOP will obstruct inbestigations!
Amy, there is no need for you to side with Hillary's conspiracy theories. Please don't lose focus. Is there no other work you can be doing?
You are absolutely right, Senator.
Amy I keep hearing this but tell me what exactly did they do?  I'd like details not just complaining.
Please talk to your peers & don't let the compromised Trump (Putin) administration ease sanctions on Russia.
So do something. Can Congress legislate something so USA can reclaim the Russian spy compounds on U.S. soil? @SenFranken @RepAdamSchiff
Congress is not currently enforcing laws. But it seems as though they certainly could. They might start w/impeaching the Russian traitor.
Yes we do. And FIGHT back.
How can we stop him??
How many elections has the USA interfered in and worse yet, how many governments have we actively toppled while you have been Senator?????
So Daron, you're not concerned about Russian influence, I take it...
No, just saying we should not act holier than thou when we are every but as guilty.
I am glad you find this ridiculous as well. I was flabbergasted reading this last night.
Glad the Senate is not in denial.  We need to save our selves.
If Russia you mean Hillary, and the election you mean Bernie. Then yes
How did the Russians interfere? Show us some proof.
Will u also stick it 2 our government & elites who interfering in elections, including ours, & overthrow elected leaders all over the world?
At what point do we just call republicans Russian collaborators?
It seems that not only did they interfere with our election, we have Russian assets planted in our government including Trump.
We, the American people, need you to run for President in 2020. You'd excel at it and help us get our country back from the ledge we're on.
proof please.
WHy would you put a child in timeout, then find the child is still doing the behavior, so you decide to let the child out of timeout?
Totally agree and support you!
Kushner likes
Give them to homeless vets!! To hell with Russia...
That is a great idea!
It's like this administration flaunts their Russian collusion. How much further will your colleagues put party above country?
Any of your GOO colleagues care?
Make it happen senator
Yes. There are consequences for this spy stuff. Lets expel the russian ambassador and close down many more spyhouses.
Those damn Russians keep making people vote through mind control!  Something must be done so the DNC can regain that control!
Stop taking your own pharmaceuticals there Dave. It's interfering with your ability to read and pay attention to details...
yeah but Putin has a Trump Pee Pee tape that he is threatening to release.
But if you're in bed with them it doesn't seem to matter.   What's happened to the Republicans. No longer country first. SAD
@amyklobuchar Trump should be muscled to prevent Russia from living in these two estates with their spies and spy equipment
sure do
I can just hear the Donald saying at his next campaign gathering, "Mr. Putin, tear down that chain-link fence."
Amy-I just don't understand this.Can you imagine all this stuff happening if Hillary was POTUS.She would probably already be impeached! Sad
We are under a Coup and he is being Directed by Putin. Every minute he is in power he is ruining the US.  What's yr solution
Need elected @GOP to show some courage and leadership here. History will be an unkind judge otherwise. #TrumpRussia
Trump is always ready to give Russia a break. You just know he's got plenty of loans from them.
