stay firm, please!
make it happen!!
Unequivocally yes! And no vote for SCOTUS nominee when the WH admin is under investigation for collusion with Russia!
still confused at the impact of Russia? The fact that they exposed @HillaryClinton as corrupt. Didn't we want to know that?
this shit hasn't been democratic for DECADES. CAN WE STOP PRETENDING?? please
It's a REPUBLIC...I pledge allegiance to the flag of...and to the Republic for which it...
thanks for all your hard work. #Minnesota proud
Asking again. HOW does this happen? WHO can make it happen?
I agree!  And no legislation passed until we get to the bottom of this. And vote no on Gorsuch! And protect the ACA!
No more confirmations until Investigation is complete
Sounds good to me.   Eric Holder selling guns to Mexican Cartels?  Try him for Manslaughter and Treason.
keep poking around for a Russian hacker ! Who changed red to blue with the voting machines ! Trust me follow the money !
And we need Supreme Court justices who remain free from their personal ideologies.  Vote for Gorsuch.  Please.
@LifeforceVibes @BuzzFeedNews
it's not coincidence Trump’s Administration has ties to Russia. It's really a thing.
i'm not trying to be an asshole, was just reading an old thread and curious what changed your mind?
because it's a lie manufactured to divert from the #DNCleak just like you're attempting to do now.
this news comes as no surprise
@LauraSeydel Suspension of all branches, EOs, and appointments need occur now. If FBI/CIA has info it must be made public.
so your going back to this after embarrassing us Minnesotans at the Judicial hearings     Ridiculous!
No appointments by this illegitimate, Russian run president
In the meantime. STOP killing wolves. Educate on the importance of a balanced ecosystem.
@alfranken @RepAdamSchiff @RepJasonLewis Nat'l Security demands an independent commission to investigate Russian ties to WH.
yes. Now please.
you know your all guilty, crooked people on both sides
@LissandraVilla If there is no impeachment and prosecutions  then our "democracy" is over.
@Darbraun AMY I KNOW SHE IS HUST CORRUPTION WITH A SMILE A SHILL FOR TREASONOUS ANTI AMERICAN LIBERALS
there she goes again @amyklobuchar spreading fake news from previously discredited publications. former Obama intel heads say no evidence
keep up the pressure! Your doing good!!
need representation, hlthcare, housing, education, social justice, cops that can regulate themselves. No investigation needed
@momgladewater Absolutely. @Rep_DevinNunes must be prosecuted for leaking classified info. Not a partisan issue; protect US.
@LissandraVilla Yes. Very NOW!
And let's be clear we have to investigate the leaking of intelligence and the role the Democrats may have played.
Get it done Amy!
and Amy wished she had chosen a different career than a congress person  good luck with all the new crazy 
.  And one for the surveillance on our president too!!
@realDonaldTrump @alfranken Russians are not coming. Dem red herring. You should be helping with immigration control/ACA
reform
Keep it up!  Thank you for the informed and caring responses you and your team@send back to constituents. Much appreciated.
happy to see you've finally come around on this. Took a while to open your eyes.
waste of time!
We are right there with you. Tell us so can gather the troops.
YES! Insist! Power on!
Thank you. As your constituent, I'm grateful to you for voicing the need for an independent investigation of Russia's meddling
if u say so. At least have a time limit like 2 yrs. otherwise will go on until next Democrat president elected
how about an investigation on why the government cannot protect us, cannot use tax money wisely, and cannot be united????
@Lonestarmomcom @BuzzFeedNews Does that include the Clinton uranium deal with Putin?
https://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/24/us/cash-flowed-to-clinton-foundation-as-russians-pressed-for-control-of-uranium-company.html?_r=0 …
Yes we do. I've emailed you. Thank you!
I agree!
very clear prev admin. abused power & now obstructing new president. Our people left to die in Benghazi Dems mum
@SenFranken   What can the American public do to demand an independent investigation, with the committee leadership so biased?
Why @DevinNunes has proven the Russian's were not involved in our election stop wasting taxpayer money on this stupidity.
Keep poking the Russian bear.....
like so much of Trump's show it was a ruse to take off pressure from Monday. Nunes has no evidence, it was all a fabrication
AGREED!!  Thanks, Senator!
Yes!!!
BTW, good job with Golly-shucks Gorsuch. He does not deserve this life-long job.
yes ur darn right..Obama and Clintons..America will know..President Trump should not PARDON ANY OF THEM!!!
Right, no pardon for them.  Of course, THEY are not the ones under investigation now, are they?
r u asking urself that ?
Please help make this happen!
thank you senator please keep fighting and ensure there is an independent investigation.
don't stop demanding it .
And...Shut down the White House. Until we can figure out, what the hell is going on here?!
How about fixing ACA instead? The f-ing Russians can wait while you people in DC do some work that actually matters.
It's called multi-tasking.  Google it.
NOWWWWW
thank you. I fully support this approach. How can we best support you?
.@amyklobuchar I back you Amy, even in #Europe we need to clarify #Trump's ties w/ #Russia, b/c #Russian interference is occurring here too.
How do we get there? Ryan is not going to stand up. What are the options?
I'm with you Amy!  I sent a fax to you yesterday.  :)
