Hi. I have many family members who voted for u and who have now promised to never vote for u again Bc u fail 2 support a real sol'n: Med4All
Sen Klobuchar is trying. She can't do it alone and it can't happen overnight. Please work with her.
She could join the 17 other senators who have stood behind a real plan. She's trying to pretend ACA is as good as it gets. It won't happen..
Overnight obviously, but you have to lead with hopeful messages and plans of action, not just off fear of messing w the status quo
That's never been the Dems or Klobochar's message. You're purposefully distorting this narrative.
Oh, it absolutely is. They cry about how we need to fix the ins comp handout of ACA, & say if not, the repubs will kill us all! 30 mil ppl..
Will still be without usable insurance (w ACA) & the ins comp heads will still roll in the money we donate them from taxes. Support Med4All
You can still support that without rolling backwards. The GOP will never pass single payer.
We need a national health plan. Some families w/insurance can't afford to see a doc due to even low ($100) deductibles & copays.
Our Dems know that. Repubs are against it and they own the House, Senate, WH. We have to vote Repubs out in 2018.
I don't think all Dem reps are in favor of single-payer healthcare, though. Given how insurance works, it's only realistic option.
As a psychologist, who recently moved to Minnesota, I applaud Senators Klobuchar and Franken and their support of healthcare for citizens!
MN is a great state to live in.
Wrong answer. Reason why schools are so different in quality is because states runs them. Bad state means no care.
http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/public-prefers-obamacare-graham-cassidy-56-33-poll/story?id=50031499 … Yet, most people WANT ACA and a bipartisan fix.
Unfortunately that won't happen with this admin because their goal is to undo everything Obama did. I would love to be proven wrong
Have you seen this article, Senator? Even business leaders like @WarrenBuffett now recognize #SinglePayer is best.
Got a real reference? This is truth-out. As in "We left the truth out so the Rose Cult would retweet us."
.@truthout provided clickable references within the article. Here's a link to an interview with Charlie Munger.
Shouldn't you & your leaders be focusing on how the #GrahamCassidyBill wil hurt Americans instead of touting #MedicareForAll ? #FixACA
Thank you, Amy for always doing right by the People!!!!
Concerned your debate will turn in to defending Berniecrather than ACA. Not good.
Costs my family of 5 $15,000/year for $8,000 deductible.  We have had no health issues in the past.  Can't afford the premium or deductible
That is better then it was. Before Obamacare paying 1k for 45 y single man, 10K deduction, 20k surgery max, 100k lifetime max, no meds.
... and make clear that anecdotes are NOT valid counterpoint to statistics. Every time a G&C posits a 'story' like long lines, repeat point
Please no debate with Bernie.  Now is not the time.
From my special needs daughter & I - thank you. Vote NO Graham-Cassidy bill. #Obamacare  #norepeal #medicaidsaveslives
C'mon Democracy!! Let these stubborn lawmakers disregard their personal feelings to engage in the true Democratic processes.
@SenJohnMcCain Has it right...until there is a bipartisan fix for health care, you’ll be going through this again & again. #Insanity
Your cute
We are doing what we can. Please stop Pushing single payer and Monday until we get G-C gone.
The Senators are going to block my calls soon! Please have a serious discussion w Murkowski re Graham "bribe".
#GrahamCassidy - 
ACA should be off the table until AG has stopped the $29 billion yearly fraud by cheating health care providers. 
TREASON
Stop being a stupid Doxie to a monopolistic Health Care industry: Support @SenSanders Medicare for All bill!
ACA must be fair for.
Voice Kill the ACA start over
I want to know who asked you and @SenSanders to debate the ACA when you're winning the debate, if something happens it's on u & Sanders.
You only want bi-partisan efforts on your terms .... that a BS way of legislating. Why no be bi-partisan on a replacement?
Senator - PLEASE make clear tomorrow that 15 nations get better health results while spending HALF what we pay. Why we cannot copy success
Lost my support for any national office you might seek w/this STUPID move to debate on CNN w/Sanders. Are you completely out of your mind?
This is a set up to paint us all as crazed Socialists and you and @TheDemocrats should be reeling BS in...not aiding & abetting his idiocy.
You are complicit in handing GOP ammo against us in the 2018 elections if you do this CNN debate. Please think clearly about consequences.
Senator, begging you not to debate the Rs on healthcare. We need to defeat Graham-Cassidy first. Sanders is not a Dem. Too soon for this.
Single payer now! #MedicareForAll #Medicare4All
Why are you choosing to debate AT THIS TIME? It's alienating. Focus on how bad the bill is.  Another bad move by Dems. It does not help.
I know you're not my senator, but I hope that you do all you can at CNN debate to show why this bill is bad. Thanks!
Medicare-for-all!
Jimmy Kimmel has found his voice, which is being heard in Washington, D.C.
I'm very annoyed by this debate on Monday. You are risking the furute of the ACA - just run out the clock.
The last similar CNN extravaganza was a 1-hour P. Ryan infomercial with J Tapper. One Graham zinger (not yr wheelhouse) & Dems lose.
1st things 1st stop  #GrahamCassidy then get to ACA fixes w/o Bernie, who is only helping Sanders not Americans
What are you doing supporting single payer at this time? There's a lot of risk of people losing what they have now.
So now you and @SenSanders will put the stake in ACAs heart by promoting single payer instead (which GOP will NEVER pass) on debate stage.
Why join no numbers Bernie in the sort of false equivalency CNN debate that got Donald Trump elected?Why join in 3-against 1 against O-care?
Cancel debate with Bernie. He will push single payer and aid Republicans in repeal of Obamacare!!!
This why Dems lose, don't follow Bernie off this cliff. Work on fixing ACA.
My VOICE: DON'T DEBATE SOCIALIZED MEDICINE OR ANYTHING ON HEALTH CARE UNTIL AFTER REPEAL & REPLACE AT 50 VOTE ENDS! pleeeease.
Jesus, WTF are u pushing single payer now!! Youre sabotaging millions of POOR and VULNERABLE people that need ACA! Wait until after 9/30
This is not the time to be pushing Bernie and one payer system.  PLEASE focus on how bad GOP plan is.  This debate is not what is needed now
No to Bernie and single payer. It's not the right time to talk about it.
Regular order, only. I am fearful that this televised debate is only going to awaken the 30% to make calls for G-C.
If the debate happens, please keep the focus on the G-C bill and not on single-payer. This debate was the idea of the GOP, smh. @SenSanders
Thanks for standing up for all of us#, MNs! Agree with you for bipartisan work to fix #ACA!
Pls stop Sanders debate & don't participate Keep focus on defeating Graham Cassidy & saving ACA Time to debate Med4All later, not now
U CANNOT HAVE A DEBATE OVER GRAHAM CASSIDY ON MONDAY-U WILL DESTROY ANY MOMENTUM WE HAVE. PLEASE DONT DO THIS
This debate right before the vote could back fire and get the Republican holdouts to vote for the bill. Don't give GOP a platform to debate
Their pathetic healthcare plan.
If you are supporting Bernies Sanders debate on Monday on his single payer option. PLEASE  tell him to wait until the new fiscal year.
The people have made their voices heard. They want the ACA. So why are you & Bernie debating issue now w Rs? You are handing Rs a win.
Not one more second on a tweet, call or town hall after hearing about the CNN debate on Monday. Shame
@SenSchumer 
@NancyPelosi
PLEASE DO NOT DEBAT WITH BERNIE!!!!!!!! HE IS NOT GOOD FOR THE PARTY. PLEASE STOP IT. REPUBLICANS WILL WIN. STOP IT NOW!!!!!!!
DEBATE!!!!   What is wrong with you?
Don't expect republicans to fix your Obamacare problems. You own it!!
PLZ READ. Trump is creating catastrophic chaos/diversion by waving red flag @ Kim Jong Un & inciting nuclear attack to stop Mueller probe.
Support ACA - families need it!
We all hate this, Amy. How do I get through to @CoryGardner? Have your constituents ever changed your mind?
Thank you, @amyklobuchar.  I hope you will bring up @GovMarkDayton  letter re: MNcare at your @CNN debate w/ #GrahamCassidy. Bring graphs!
Please be the voice for us all!  I appreciate you and all your hard work!
Senator Klobuchar, please keep fighting to keep ACA. It gave me 5 extra weeks with my mom.
Partisan efforts got Obamacare approved. It is a disaster but you take no responsibility.  You are not the brightest bulb in the Senate.
Thank you Senator Klobuchar for all your hard work and for reminding us to do what we can to prevent this atrocity from occurring!!
In your debate please just ask one question. just one. WHY IS EVERY HEALTH ORGANIZATION AGAINST NEW BILL IF SO GOOD?
All politicians better be careful we the people are watching we want same health care coverage politicians have nothing less
Save ACA by not participating in that stunt of Bernie's on Monday night. Plz stop stirring the pot.
I agree.  Let the Rs implode.
Why participate in the Burnie distraction then?
Sanders didn't release tax returns,  voted against Russian-Sanctions, doesn't support choice candidates, enough!
Sanders helped Trump get elected, divorce Sanders now @dnc @TomPerez Inever been so ashamed Sanders is no Democrat
Please do not do the CNN "town hall" w Bernie. It's a mistake. G-C will play him like a fiddle then you're supposed to clean up his mess! No
My one voice says, Please do not do this. 'Now' is fleeting, @gop paid for or?not. The future can happen quickly. Healthcare, happens faster
Don't be nice in the CNN debate. Be aggressive or those Trump voters will think you are wrong.
You voice counts. In the debate PLEASE point out that the EMTALA makes Obamacare, or a public option, ESSENTIAL, for simple economic sense.
Now is the time for national healthcare & to remove the sale of healthcare to the highest bidder. Let's join the 20th century w/most nations
Amy don't debate on CNN,its a trap to attack Sanders Medicare for all plan.
Repeal Obamacare pass Graham-Cassidy
We already have a solution. It's called #MedicareForAll. My support 4 your reelection will be commensurate with your support for M4A.
Thanks for all you do.
Please do not play into their hands debating with Bernie. I am begging you.
I can't thank you and Sen. Franken enough, so proud to be a Minnesotan
This issue affects too many people to play politics.  Rural people are suffering even more so.
ACA is unaffordable for the middle class...either help or get out of the way!
But you're going to help them get what they want with this single payer debate.
Thank you, Senator @amyklobuchar!
Thank you for calling upon all of us to stand up and get it done--defeat this Graham-Cassidy bill!
We're convinced it's garbage -- go talk down the other Senators!!! This hostage thing is getting old. They had 7 years! NO DEALS!
Does it follow the 28th amendment
Thank you for taking a stand against this disaster of a health bill!
Fix the ACA, Don't repeal!
What efforts are you making to fix ACA? Do you have a better solution than Medicare for All that you are working on?
#FIXAFFORDABLECAREACT IF YOU TRULY CARE
NOT#GOPDONTCARE 
#VOTTHEBUMSOUT This election cycle there will be
ACCOUNTABILITY VOTE YOUR interest
Republicans are well aware that less than 12% agree with them so GOP doesn't give a shit about "public sentiment"
I want to keep my plan, I want to keep my doctor, oh wait...
Which Senators should we call? You'd know the flexible/humane GOPers better than most.
You're not listening to my voice!ACA damaged positive approach MN had to help our citizens &  leading way to unwelcomed single payer system.
People overwhelmingly elected GOP to repeal Obamacare over the last 8 years... why aren't you listening to the majority voices?
The latest has compassion of a rock. More a tax reduction for the 1%. And a second Tas cut for them on 2026. Sorry 2 say POC (piece of crap)
Mob rule would have given us Clinton and half the country strung up the nearest Deplorable Hangin' Tree

Stop mobbing, just vote.
Healthcare can't B free.  U may pay w/higher taxes or fewer nservices or fewer providers.  Not free!  Wealthy will C Drs in pvt practice.
We cannot trust congress w/our healthcare.  They have pandered 2 HC lobbyists, taking donations & bribes.  Now what 2 micromanage our HC?
America has free HC 4 Vets.  Pres Trump had 2 rescue vets, w/Accountability & Choice Acts.  Do we really have 2 legislate "accountability"?
4/4 Finally, UK announced, prohibitive cost of free HC forces them to deny unhealthy groups; obese & smokers.  Obese=30%BMI.  Do U qualify?
my voice is loud, i just don't have the same money to amplify it as others.
3/4 doctor?  UK also lost 2400 Hemophiliacs 2 AIDS tainted blood.  How does this happen 2 so many, 20yrs after screening?  Did they cull pop
What is your solution - all dems acknowledged O-Care is not viable - what is your plan?
Her plan is to not back @BernieSanders #MedicareForAll bill and hope it just goes away so she doesn't have to fight a tough but just battle.
2/4 Y keep free HC a secret?  It sucks!  UK has free HC.  They have AIDS epidemic, offer AIDS test kit in vending machines.  Y not use free
1/4 Beware free healthcare!  AHC is dead & Dems know it.  Keith Ellison, caught on hot mic saying Pelosi really wants single payer (free) HC
I sent our story to GCHcomments@finance.senate.gov. I get sick of it myself. There are others with much sadder stories. Send them in.
I've faxed my Senators. Need your help to convince you counterparts as well. Keep up the fight!!!!!!
We have & we are - even as we try to make a living, terrified of losing healthcare. Our elected officials are betraying us. #Fightback
Thank you for your work!! MN is fortunate to have you and Senator Frankenstein!
During 63 previous R/R attempts the public made its voices heard, and yet the GOP still refused to listen, then and now.

Breaking: @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy will debate @SenSanders @amyklobuchar on healthcare Monday at 9pET during @CNN Special Town Hall 1/2
Keep fighting and working @amyklobuchar and @alfranken We appreciate all you are doing for MN and the nation as a whole!
Thank you @amyklobuchar . You know you have our support to work to fix ACA vs. enable harmful legislation like #GrahamCassidy .
From Rochester, I support fixing existing ACA over #GrahamCasiddy.
Thanks to you and @SenFranken for having our backs--but it's hard to feel that our "sentiment" counts for much vs. the Kochs and GOP. 
let it be a lesson to the Vichy Democrats
Ideas please not simple and stupid political statements
Cool start with zero subsidies for everyone end with zero subsidies for everyone
Thanks for speaking out @amyklobuchar -- your leadership is definitely noted!
Any is not a leader
Just a sliver of how my son will hurt!
