Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded..
You need to know that the Russians and many more have been trying to influence our elections for years.
What is wrong with him?!?! #Congress needs to continue inoculating us from his madness. E.g. The vote blocking him from removing sanctions.
And you support his FBI nominee who has as many ties to Russia as he does. This is unbelievable, you should be ashamed
Trump was dumping to Frump, but she out-dumped him!  DDs seem to be all squawking at him when u should have an ERA constitution since 2008.
By "hacked", you mean they got Podesta to fall for a phishing scam, and then published his emails. Podesta's password was "password."
Does that go for our land borders as well?
@realDonaldTrump is an immoral liar and a traitor.  What steps are you taking to remove him from office?
Well said, Senator! I feel safer with you, Sen. Al Franken, and Rep. Ellison representing our interests in Washington D.C.
If the tables were turned, Hillary would have already been impeached.  Republican hypocrisy.  smh
you don't know how things work between world leaders.We want, of course, for USA and Russia to work together on as much as can
Just like #45, I'd trust Putin in a second, wouldn't you?
You're right! Starting WW3 with a major nuclear power over unproven allegations sounds like a much better way to go! 
Form a cyber team with the country that everyone (including Pence and Sessions) agrees tampered w/ our election... or WW3. And I quote: ""
I'd take the former over nuclear war 
Of course you would! Anyone would! This is the definition of a straw man argument. You invented a ridiculous dichotomy to force the answer.
And If you honestly think the only way to prevent WW3 is to "partner" with the country that attacked us... This is a sad day in America.
You need to get over it and work to to make this country great again
The optics on this are so bad either POTUS is impaired, trying to be distracting,  truly beholden to Putin
Let's nt forget Putin has been in power for 18 yrs. He is either president or prime minister of RU. RU elections rigged. Will we allow same?
Agreed. He trust Russia but his own security. #impeach
Another day in the world, out of touch politicians. All talk,collect pay,do nothing.
Getting tired of all the talk. When will Congress take action against @POTUS ?
When will @POTUS take action against the capital criminals in #congress https://mobile.twitter.com/search?q=%23AmyKlobuchar+%40DebMatheny&src=typed_query … Amy knows al about colluding, doncha Champ?
#TrumpPutin are gonna take the #Pedophiles that killed my girls in #Minnesota out! There won't be a 2020 run 4 Amy from prison!  the link>
Troll 
It's important that Rs and  POTUS supporters believe that POTUS joined Russia in hacking to win the election and we are not crying wolf .
It has become a issue with you democrats only because crooked Hillary lost the election.
No other would get away with what he, and his family, are getting away with.  And so blatantly!  Time for them ALL to GO!!!
When you say "us" you mean #democrats. And the reason democrats were hacked is because @HillaryClinton used an illegal,unsecured server. Meh
There is no defense against giving out your password or having a password that is password.
Keep your friends close & your enemies closer.. #ThoughtStarters #Corruption  #CyberSecurity #putintrump #RussiaTrump #russianhacking
You're attacking Trump's willingness to do something about hacking?!  Sounds like you'd rather the cold war came back.  Poor logic.
U should know by now that if u wait 24-48 Trumps statement will change.
100%
do you think we may have hacked a few ourselves?
PLEASE encourage ALL your colleagues to IMPEACH Trump before he causes irreparable harm to our great nation!!!
Amy, this stuff really scares me. How much will congress let him do to destroy our country? Is there no way to stop his hysteria?
Where's the proof? More brainwashing from the libtard party.
And yet Priebus insist Trump did not believe Putin's denials.  The usual conflicting info.  Lies inside of lies.
If u honestly think trump takes putin serious on that ur more ignorant than i already thought u were! He talked bout it 4the cease fire duh!
I agree with you once again Senator.
Maybe he's got something up his sleeve to play the tyrants own game and catch him in the act?  Dems giving him nothing just obstruction
A great idea...might as well send 'em all the voter info as well to make it far easier....<sarcasm>
Call to action: 1. Dems invade FOX NEWS 2. Call out @realDonaldTrump on FOX. 3. Shame Repubs on FOX. 4. Repeat 1, 2, 3.. just do it
It's good to know that trump and Putin will guard negative things!
It's what you get when you elect a third grader
As a nation, until at least 2020, we are so screwed.  #sad
Don't disagree or agree. But, could you please prove anything was ever hacked. Please and thank you.
Like Podesta and H.C E-Mail security. Don't tell the FBI.
Amy what can we do?? This has to stop! Every day it goes on it gets deeper and deeper, we might not be able to climb out! HELP
Funny how he says that the election hacking will be guarded, rather than eliminated. Sometimes he tells the truth.
Wow. Maybe he  is that stupid.
@realDonaldTrump Yes we will so do your duty an file charges against all that are involved
Just a reminder: CNN is #FakeNews that's full of fools! #CNNBlackmail
If Congress ( GOP)doesn't put a stop to that then we need to investigate them and  the whole lot
Fox indeed. @FoxNews
@POTUS U called our Intelligence Agencies liars You "Honored" 1 of our Greatest Enemies at G19 Just add a KGB agent 2 the Admin in the open
And I am sure the president really believes that. If only he was fake news.
Incompetence in 24 hours or less 
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can,& did!
u need to get a life. He is only advising what was discussed. Perhaps using ur little brain night help once in a while. @amyklobuchar = Dumb

Your reacting without knowing the facts, but that's what socialist liberals do best
Rinse/Repeat.
We needed some adults with great business acumen in the White House.
Sounds like a smart President to me. Why many previous administrations enjoyed promoting other countries w/fear & defamation seems childish.
Please try to stop this!!
What an idiot
"Hacked"
Saves Russia the trouble of hacking us by just giving them the information they want.
This is Wrong,NOT normal. @realDonaldTrump trusts murderous Putin over U S. Intelligence. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP need to do something NOW
This is SO STUPID that EVEN #Trump can't sell it! But #Putin sure SOLD IT TO #Trump!
This is really beyond the realm of "normal" and gives cause for heightened suspicion.
Amy Klobuchar Do you want Trump to launch nuclear weapons at Russia?
@CoryBooker So sick of "Russia, Russia, Russia". Stop with the Jan Brady antics already sore losers.
That is the best joke yet! Only no one is laughing.
BASED ON WHAT EVIDENCE?
@CoryBooker I'm hearing a LOT of griping from the left and NO forward planning.
It could have been Mozambique or that 400 lb guy in Poughkeepsie. Could have been anybody. Could have been Mexico. We all know how they are.
Don't presume to know how we will "work together". Many positive interpretations as well, but of course you focus only on the negative.
Give it up. You @TheDemocrats always trying to link Trump to Russia w negative press somehow. Getting real old.
Besides, Putin assured Trump at G20 that he didn't hack us. 

See? Just what i've been saying all along, says our amazingly great POTUS.
WHAT is he smoking? #StopTheMadness
Hopefully you are starting to realize both the real and existential threat #TraitorTrump poses. Stop supporting him in ANY way
#Obama gave over a $billion to Iran, our biggest enemy who chants death to America! Turn over DNC server so our Intel agencies can check it.
We should have had Madoff lead the Ponzi Scheme Eradication Task Force.  The real question is, what does Putin have on Trump?

We have a active conspiracy to subvert the Constitution involving a foreign power and elements inside the government. Let's get real. https://twitter.com/jpacedc/status/883691754318331910 …
You might want to look at the computer security landscape.  It is full of non-US companies and workers. We have already lost this battle.
Russia didn't hack anything. If you gave your house key to a burglar, you don't think they won't take what they want. Weak pass word, Pdesa
Still no proof...17 agencies, now 4 hummm, and still nothing, and still nothing and still nothing.
So is 45 saying that Russia needs protection from us hacking the election?  Doesn't Putin win by like 98% of the vote?
OHHH RUSSIAN HACKERS
Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.

Not much on subtlety are you?
A universal chastity belt with only one key, shared by two guys.
Priorities and perspective are important, but difficult to teach.
we are hacking or trying to hack the Russians, Etc and they are all trying to do the same to us. why NOT try to control by some rules on it
Time for the Senate and House to unite & stand up to President Trump and let him know this is not going to happen under any circumstance.
And need to try Trump and all for collusion as NYT story shows Trump Jr met with Russians for that reason June 2016!
Yes, Obama administration did well with that in 2016-NOT!
you all need not let Trump have anything related to our security because Russia will get it all
I stand with you Senator, however the American public are growing wearing of all the talk n no action by House.
It's crazy, & we are counting on our elected representatives to protect us!!
Please tell me @amyklobuchar you and your colleagues are not going to let this happen. We need to protect ourselves.
Well, Putin said nice things about Trump. He is obviously a good guy.
Please run for president.
Senator, I can only hope and trust Congress has a voice in this going forward. vr
Trump supporters like " Great idea !!" #MakeRussiaGreatAgain
A wise Ukrainian once said: Russia is a friend to no one but Russia.
I am loathe to accept POTUS' statements carte blanche at this time with so many accusations of his truthiness & lies. Hope you help us all!
This has to be out of context.  Amy Klobuchar would know leaders and countries need to join together to move forward  for good of all.
Preach!
Do u really think the release of HRC emails changed anyone's vote? If only! Couldn't have been due to HRC's bad campaign!
Well Do something about it? All you and @SenJohnMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC do is point how how flawed this POTUS decisions are & do nothing
Hacked under Obamacare cronies. Russia people are more like us than you realize. Many Russians friends and they are great people
By the way, show us the proof for the hack you represent
#Goodbye45
Trump you are toying with treason
I suppose you're going to give him the password. Don't have to he'll just hack it
Ur cautious bipartisanship apprch to critical issues=mxd signals. Join other voices/actions- R&R Trump be4 it's 2 late. @IndivisibleMN03
Make cyber security a priority first! Then perhaps we can forge relationships with all of the leaders of the world. It's not rocket science!
HRC sold uranium to Russia, Biden helped his son become head of a Ukrainian natural gas co and nobody cares but people lose their mind over
Russians know who the colluders are. Bet There is some "bigly" blackmailing going on.
Of course it'll be impenetrable. No need to penetrate when they're on the inside.
Please @amyklobuchar, speed the impeachment process up of #45, before we are past the point of no return (as a democracy).
This is the equivalent to Mr. Crabs working with Plankton on guarding the recipe for the crabby patty!
Please fight against this and his other policies, especially healthcare
Extraordinary times makes for Extraordinary measures DO SOMETHING NOW! RUSSIAN HAVE INVADED AND TAKING OVER. GO OVER THE TOP OF 45 AND GOP
Agee very scarey thought. If it comes true it will be an American nightmare
Unless the congress does something about this man, you may as well hand over the keys to Putin

Bush: Did you destroy our Towers?
Bin Laden: No.
Bush: Ok I believe you. We shall build an anti-terrorism unit together to stop attacks.
It all was under your precious obamas watch
Putin is in trump's head. Stroked 45's ego and they're friends for life.
#25thAmendmentNow
Read carefully, he's going to protect the election hacking, not our country from the hackers.
Like giving thieves the combination to the safe #TrumpPutinCyberCriminals #TrumpRussia
More treason by @POTUS
This latest proposal just adds to the mounting evidence:  This man is unfit to occupy the Presidency.  Who among us will stand against him?
Need to remove him from office @GOP before we all have say WE TOLD You SO #25theAmendmentNow #Impeach45Now 4 love of country do what's right
Trump himself is the fox "guarding" the henhouse.
Show the proof that Russia hacked the election that changed any American vote. Your on the crazy train with the restcof the Dems. #pathetic
The DNC is not a gov agency & has still denied FBI seeing hacked devices, & Podesta was dumb enough to have a password hackable by anyone.
It's time for a Deep State coup.
Keep bringing it, Senator! Thank you!
Ever heard "Keep your friends close, your enemy closer"?? Certainly better than 44's Apology Tour and his JV ISIS strategy!!
DJT is mentally unstable.  Must be removed from office post haste.
That's what's known as a protection racket.
Might actually be more closely related to punching yourself in the face.
I wish my senators would speak out like you do.  May I be an honorary Minnesotan? My Sens wld give Putin a map to henhouse.
He's a fool
Beyond ridiculous and dangerous
You're finally getting the hang of #TheResitance ... Nice to see you finally holding #DearLeader to account.
3rd party company #Crowdstrike is source for your Russian narrative! Don't you think your opinion should be based on FBI forensic evidence?
How much escalation w/ a nuclear superpower is too much based on a for profit, 3rd party, company's "conclusion"? Where's NSAs smoking gun?
terrifying. impeach! please!
He should put Charles Manson in charge of his personal security now that he is at it
Putin and his staff are probably still laughing at how gullible Trump is.  And stupid!
He has NO MEMORY of what he says Day to Day .. dementia !
I'm old enough to remember the last president cowering under his desk whenever Putin was involved. Can't remember his name though
Putin must have felt like an owl playing with a mouse. Trump thinks he's one of the boys, but he is so being played.
It is time to go after him!
STOP THIS FAKE PRESIDENCY!
Keep fighting the good fight, Amy.  We love your courage.
GET 45 OUT OF THE WH! LOCK HIM UP! HE'S A RUSSIAN OPERATIVE!
Iran. Benghazi. The Dems have done wonders guarding our security already.
If only the DNC had let the FBI examine their servers.
Don't let him do this @amyklobuchar he's already messed up America too much!
I trust Donald Trump, the man is a Genius!
Thank you!
So outrageous !
1st step in this I'd say is to keep it away from Trump.
Please stop the madness!!!!!
How did they "hack" "us"? You must mean the DNC, who then refused to allow the FBI access to its servers. Wonder why.
Nothing like asking the thief to keep the house safe...How are Republicans ok w/this?When do they put America before party?
He needs to go now, before he does irreparable harm to our great country.
Obviously guarding our OWN security didn't work under the Obama administration...
Amy and Al fight fir us we are all behind you! Don't let trumps admin give us over to putin!
Yes, because you did such a good job before he became President.
Many other negative things? Who will lead the "negative things" Commission? @seanhannity  ??
Trump is a TRAITOR and needs to be impeached NOW!!
Robber comes into my business and takes information and disrupts my life. The last thing I'd do is join forces with him!
But this enemy got President Manchild elected.
what could possibly go wrong with this arrangement??
Still waiting to see the actual evidence it was Russia that hacked the election.  It does exist, right?
Remember when conservatives were actually suspicious of Russia and the KGB?  Good times.
That's a colossally bad idea that he's suggesting.
I'm still looking for evidence and I would love to know the source of Wiki Leaks
Trump had brought a level of bipartisanship to the White House. Unfortunately it is with Russians rather than Americans.
Freudian slip? "...so that election hacking, & and many other negative things, will be guarded."
@realDonaldTrump I saw this headline yesterday and thought it was a joke. 
For the sake of our country, Congress must do something.
Stand tough, this is totally how countries fall into the hands/pockets of the Russians, they are very happy what lies ahead
Trump has declared he is siding with the enemy. 
What is congress going to do about that??
Not a damn thing. Unfortunately.
