
Trump threatening martail law! Y is no one talking? #RUSSIANPUPPET #lyingtrump #resist #SwampCabinet #showyourtaxreturns
We need and INDEPENDANT review of voting process in each state to put this issue to rest and Trumps foot in his big mouth
best to investigate and make sure. What are you afraid of???????
With this true fact in hand, I assume our tax dollars will not be used to search out an alternate fact to assuage POTUS.
Please hold the line on this craziness. No bargains with the GOP! #WomensMarch #WhyIMarch
instit racism in public education needs 2 end. Kids who need the most get the least. You allow 4 huge Ach gap 4 poor blks



Keep speaking up. The Republic hinges on it.
Repubs are moving to gerrymander Minnesota. Let us know what u r going to do about it.

Question- can senate take action on President obviously lying? Or can he continue to act w/out restraint indefinitely?
good question
stop this absurd waste of money please. It's personal and egotistical. Embarrassing to all Americans.
Thank you @amyklobuchar and @NPR! Please continue to hold our #POTUS accountable for his blatant mistruths.
Trump is wasting taxpayers money and time. Its a smoke screen to divert media to not focus on the real agenda of trump.
I wonder how much of his bluster is to distract us from him profiting from his stmts & pen
there were 3. And they were for trump.

Thank you, senator, for speaking out.
Augustus Caesar, Adolf Hitler, and now Donald Trump have reached the pinnacle of power by lying to ignorant people.
you realize he's doing this as a distraction right? Don't lose sight of the fight for equality, immigration, health, etc
and for the love of all things holy please stop confirming his nominees
You are lying lady. We will soon find out with this mass investigation. Democrats say this because they benefit from it.
thank you for saying what needs to be said when it need sto be said.
There are many of us that already know Trump is a poser, and only interested in slinging deception and lies! Question is why!
narcissistic personality disorder
any news on impeachment plans yet?
How may voter fraud cases have there been in Hennepin County?  Asking for a former prosecutor.
Facts are not are right or left thing. Dems and Repubs alike should call President Trump out in meetings when he lies.
Keep on pushing for the truth Senator Klobuchar. You rock!
It must of happened in PA, MN, and WI if at all.
Ever hear of Chicago?
I really think he is making these stupid claims to distract us from extreme far right agenda he is quicly moving on.

It is true..You created the insanity of NO ID at polls !! Making us a third world nation and vulnerable to fraud !!
He'll have "friends" as long as he turns over control to the puppeteers.
Thank you, Senator!  Please continue resistance to the war on facts.
The sad thing is you don't need any evidence anymore just have to say it and people will believe it even if proven wrong
thank you!!!
How can you say that!! YOU MADE  IT SO,,NO ID AT POLLS REQUIRED anybody can vote # times without verification! Shame on u
.@amyklobuchar do you have any evidence that we no problem? @NPR
@POTUS More than that, it is a lie. He can't stand it that he lost the popular vote. Plus he wants voter suppression.
Thanks for speaking out!
Thank you!  Now, how do we stop him wasting taxpayer $ on investigation. - former MNian
We don't know why Russians hacked into voter rolls; could have rigged votes, but that won't be Donald's focus
...others. A psychiatrist can explain trump's bizarre fixation on fraud in an election *HE* "WON". #ItsScience
Man just can't take winning gracefully. No matter how badly he lost lost the popular vote.
thank you and please continue to publicly speak out should voter I.d. measures be introduced.
they look at this every election and is so very few. Issue is voter suppression by the GOP
... from a different direction than he's pointing here. He's projecting abt his own culpability in fraud by scapegoating
Amy, he's telling us something else. Yes, he's correct, there was fraud in presidential election, but...
Why can't he live with he is not the most popular boy on the playground? He needs to move on and get over it.
Why did you vote to confirm Mike Pompeo?
he's terrible on civil liberties, metadata collection... this was a bad vote
and there should consequences for it
Senator, why would you be concerned if it is not true? You should stand up for truth discovery.
Let's just hold another election and see how it turns out this time
classic tactic to encourage voter suppression.  The Dems HAVE to be loud and vocal about this.
Thank you, Senator!!!
Funny there also hasn't been any complete investigation in to voter & election fraud to gather such evidence.
Well, there was this one case... 
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/post-nation/wp/2016/10/29/trump-supporter-charged-with-voting-twice-in-iowa/ …
Are you for or against voter ID?
https://antidotezine.com/2017/01/22/trump-knows-you/ … informative article about how DT gamed the system
a Thank you Senator!
If there were, wouldn't the HRC campaign make sure they were in states where it would've mattered?
If that many voted and the Dems did it hmm wouldn't Hillary be president now? Geesh this idiots ego is beyond reason
I hope we can have Voter ID's. They were needed to get DNC convention badges-and we need them voting for our leaders and laws.
- but you're not saying one damn word about voter suppression are you Amy???
Amy just ask The question.Why are you lying sir?
how about we investigate and have Mexico pay for it!
@tbobrowsky @NPR if US americans can openly flout voter's rights, experienced dictators will have a new idol to facebook
We know, but Trump still thinks there are spiders in his hair.
I'm grateful that both you and @alfranken represent my state, but the crazy coming from the new administration is alarming.
so why not swing back, start taking about crosscheck and voter suppression?
This is his shiny object he is waving around to deter us from watching what HE is doing. Don't fall for it!
We need POTUS to investigate #VOTERFRAUD b/c we're tired of states using this lazy excuse to justify voter suppression! #GOP
We stand with those who stand for truth. 
So what are you DOING, Senator? I hear a lot of words from you. But what are you DOING. I've been asking this quite often.
If it is as important as Trump claims, shouldn't there be a nationwide recount? Or perhaps a new vote all together?
Excuse to scrub more voters from the roles. Please at least mention the possibility.
Let's concentrate on the Russian hacking. THAT is what is important!
what's he going to do when a report comes back negative toward his votes?
look at these self satisfied pricks.
I think @realDonaldTrump wants to waste taxpayers money on a worthless investigation. #wasteofmoney
If 1, 2, 3 trusted leaders as goes to Sen. Amy tells American ppl about this crazy illegal ballots, then we heard true facts..
I wouldn't doubt there was some fraud on both sides, but not Millions.
I hope you will vote no on all his committee nominations. They are as into lying as he is.
Maybe we should just hold a new ele3ction.  That might REALLY fix the problem.
senator, I'm extremely concerned we're missing the larger picture. This is about stopping FUTURE elections.
This is a prelude to massive vote suppression. DON'T LET IT HAPPEN.
he can spend his own money - that he didn't pay in taxes on this - not my tax $$$. Benghazi BS was a crime. The WALL NO!!!!!
http://thefederalist.com/2016/10/13/voter-fraud-real-heres-proof/ …
