and @ChrisHrapsky Can the Republican majority vote to change this threshhold?
I find this "nuclear option" to be undemocratic. Dems used it first under Bush. Repubs threaten now. Both wrong.
.@ChrisHrapsky Didn't Harry Reid use it? Dems can't be so hypocritical when things like this happen to them. @mnlakegal @amyklobuchar
He didn't use it on SCOTUS appointments.  They had to do it because Republicans refused to approve any of his court appointments.
.@frandoba They opened the door for nuclear option. Thank Harry Reid if u r mad.  @ChrisHrapsky @mnlakegal @amyklobuchar
no no. I get it. As I said, it's wrong either way.
R's DENIED Obama his constitutional right to appoint a Supreme Ct nominee.  Scalia died a year b4 Trump's inaug. Stop the false equivalents.
.@frandoba I guess the Democrats didn't get your memo. #Hypocrite  @ChrisHrapsky @mnlakegal @amyklobuchar
historical precident to say we should just stick with 8 justices - 9 is arbitrary, and 8 is working just fine.
this constituent from Robbinsdale, MN thanks you!
Please cite where in the Constitution a Supreme Court nominee is subject to a different vote threshold than "other nominees."
It's the rules of the Senate.  Basically the only nominees that need a 60-vote cloture vote is SCOTUS.
I didn't ask about Senate rules, which of course the Senate can change with 51 votes. I said Constitution.
She didn't mention the Constitution
She made it a definitive fact that SCOTUS requires 60 but others don't. You should ask why.
Can you tell me why?
Sure. @amyklobuchar & Senate Dems voted to change the rules for political reasons. Now it's come full circle.
Do you know why Scalia's seat is still open?
this SCOTUS pick was excellent and I'm TIRED of nonsense in DC. As MN voter, I am watching to see if you will be helpful.
Will you pledge to vote against every single person Trump puts forward until Garland is seated? If not then we don't need you.
.@sotonohito55 @amyklobuchar 

Will you pledge to #Filibuster any and all nominees until #MerrickGarland is on the court?

#DemandGarland
This is line in the sand time. Filibuster or be primaried. No more surrender to Trump! Resist!
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/its-time-to-make-republicans-pay-for-their-supreme-hypocrisy/2017/02/01/b5026f24-e8c0-11e6-bf6f-301b6b443624_story.html?utm_term=.dd3b1c9ecab2 …
It's time a call is made here in Mn to find another senator. And I once thought of you as a candidate for President.
We are out here fighting. We expect you to fight as well. I had more rights than my 14 yr old daughter does now. Fight!
Amy I hope you will hang tough on Gorsuch. He is an extremist.
follow @Sen_JoeManchin 's lead. Put partisan politics aside. #SCOTUSnominee
and you better vote no
unfortunately @HarryReidUpdate thought the 51 votes was a good option vs. talking. I hope that the GOP votes it back to 60.
filibuster.  No hearing for his Supreme Court nominee!! #ResistTrump
sounds like many dems will not vote to filibuster -  he will make it through easily
BTW, 9 justices are not required by the Constitution. Feel free to keep it open for the next president.
if you vote for Gorsuch, it's a guarantee you'll be primaried. Your Con Law prof won't stand up for you then
Why do you use you political party as a weapon to push your agenda instead of serving the USA with distinction & honor?
Have Garland with you when you meet Gorsuch
Please oppose Gorsuch with everything you have.
Amen, Senator.  Block #Gorsuch
Also, the excuse that a SCOTUS justice can't be confirmed during a campaign applies. Trump registered to run on his inaug day
As a senator from Illinois, Obama and 23 other senators attempted to stage a filibuster to block a confirmation vote on Alito
anyone connect the dots with Joe Biden and Robert Bork? Or Thomas for that matter? Gorsuch is qualified. Confirm.
The nominee has to be a judge, right? Has to hold a law degree? Only partly joking.
Good to know where you stand Senator. You've lost my vote next time around.
thank you for standing up to this evil regime. But what makes you think they won't change these "rules"?
.@amyklobuchar  Hold firm! No to Gorsuch. The position was stolen from Garland Merrick. Make Trump nominate a centrist!
There's no upside to cooperating. Filibuster for 4 years please for the love of God.
Please block Trump's nomination, they don't deserve one after the way they blocked Obama's nomination, DNC Base very angry :(
If you disagree with appointments on principle, fine. If you're playing politics, I expect you to "go high" and not obstruct.
(Signed, Your boss.)
the answer is NO. They get what they gave. They will only learn if treatment is equal. No more democrat doormat s.
and I hope you guys stick to the filibuster. This is a stolen seat #GOPhypocrites
I would like Dem senators to oppose any nominee who is a racist or a bigot.
If you plan to run for Pres. you better hold the line. We' ll remember if you caved to this dictatorship

I've heard this could change. Can you confirm/deny?
I know that but don't know what you are going to do about it?
give Trump nominee the same treatment Merrick Garland got. #resist
Praying that he surprises us all with a good nomination! Thinking of you guys!!
you all are just ignorant lawyers an senators in Congress
Naomi you are screwed up
Thank you and keep up the great work!
you senators show how stupid you are read is orders not a Muslim ban
You represent me. Rejecting a nom before you even know who is being nominated, is dirty. You're better than this, Amy.
you all choose to NOT listen to the people. Your elites attitude prevails - I'm talking all of you. Need term limits
block anyone trump picks for Supreme Court, we've already gone back in time and do not need to venture farther.
So fillibuster him, you doofus. Not business as usual. You've been sniffing too much rarified Senate air. Snap out of it!
I'm very concerned you're going to vote yes on this
But it didn't sound like you were going to fight. If Dems don't fight this fascist YOU will lose your base. You will!
if anyone other than Merrick is given a seat those dems lose their next primary!
believe your voters in your state disagrees with you overwhelmingly
please do your part in blocking the nominee - we don't need Bannon's puppet ruining this country any further. #RESIST
Necular Option stupid. You need to leave the honorable Congress. You disgrace it every day. Block nominee & see what happens.
Show some backbone and tell your colleagues to do the same
@tigerbeat but even troubled, GOP wants that win & have numbers.
BLOCK TRUMP or be Replaced!
Vote no on a Trumps cabinet. Dangerous men and women. Not good for America. Very sad times for our country.
If it isn't Garland it is your job to block this illegit pres.  If you're afraid to use the filibuster you've already lost it.
Break the Republics 300+ days record !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
stand strong and leave it open.
RESIST every nomination.
counting on you, Senator!
certainly i would think any of the alt right picks would not be confirmed and hope u r viligent
Good luck!
Repubs said "let voters decide" about Obama's pick. No reason Dems can't do same for four years.
I also remember when some idiot Dem Sens screwed you & Bernie out of your pharma reimport bill too.
Yes but we can change that thanks to Harry. We will see a true constitutional conservative from @potus for @Scotus
nuclear option
Nuclear Option!!!
You can't stop it.
for now, better be careful....Goose gander!
Obstructionist always lose! Remember that!
I hope Democrats resist the urge to compromise, be "fair", not be "obstructionists,"
Are you opposing Pruitt for head of the EPA
Please do not vote for any Trump nominees.  I'm one worried grandmother here in Minnesota.
and I would implore you to remember that as well. Also no upside to voting yes for any cabinet members.
lets see if Democrats have gained any backbone. Republicans held out a year..They deserve at least the same.unless good choice
NEWS FLASH his nominee WILL Be appointed HARRY REID (douchebag) changed the rules WE WILL TOO !!!!!!!
If taking a closer look at 109 people over weekend to keep 325 Million safe causes a problem for you, that's too bad. #gop
but dont forget that the senate can invoke the nuclear option and then it would only require 51.
filibuster anyone who trump nominates, unless it is Merrick Garland
Suck it up lady Trump will get his nominee approved one way or the other. Nuclear option absolutely!!!!!
please #resist the #SCOTUS and cabinet picks and save our democracy from #StopPresidentBannon
THANK YOU for the #filibuster commitment re: Trump scotus nom! You are a HERO for the majority in the US! w/gratitude...
Fill-A-Buster!
Nah.
Please vote against it then.  Unlike some of the cabinet positions you inexplicably voted for.
Senator, we mainstream Dems are expecting all D Senators to build a wall to block
Why are @SenateDems not withholding consent on everything? #WithholdConsent
Dear Senator,
Our civil rights are under attack. 
Stand together to protect us; all of America needs you to #StopSessions
Read up on "nuclear option".
We are winning. Haven't you heard? Both Houses AND the WH! Bigly WIN! Even 32 States!
I know a thousand. ONLY 4 have only undergraduate degrees. #FakeNews Do you discriminate toward Union members?
don't let them steal Obsma's seat on the Supreme Court.  Reject anyone that Trump chooses!!!
your phone line is busy so I'm tweeting to say OBSTRUCT. This administration is dangerous and needs to be curtailed.
Please filibuster, 2018 is just around the corner. It will be fun watching more liberals kicked out of congress.
@TheDemCoalition you need to be telling your fellow voters. We don't get a vote on this one. #RESISTANCE #ResistTrump
Block it!!
We know you have eyes on #POTUS in #Election2020 and we have eyes on your actions now.
@TheDemCoalition Please stand fast and show back bone. No Compromises!
oppose, oppose, oppose! Thank you
as your constituent, I would expect you to give the nominee a hearing and vote. Elections have consequences, BHO once said.
TY for this reminder. Please #resist.
Sounds like you intend to be an obstructionist Amy; why is that?
In other words, focus our calls and efforts on something else?
our rights to freedom are being endangered by you and Al Franken. American people killers.
@TheDemocrats Thank you Senator ...go for it!
You must oppose the nomination. McConnell refused for a year, we must also refuse.
@Marv_Vien #TheResistance #NoMuslimBan #NationalStrike
I hope DEMS finally fight back and block anti gay and anti choice nominee!
Dems must obstruct any nominee & Trump must be impeached. He is a clear & present danger to our country. #ImpeachTrump
All Trump's appointees need to be slow walked. His ignoring the Court is a very worrisome sign. His NSC changes are too scary
Please, I beg of you, do not be afraid to obstruct. We're behind you. #JusticeGarland
We are tired of "milk toast" dems and will support primaries to ANYONE that doesn't obstruct Donnie
DO exactly what the Repubs did - Ignore the nomination, NO vote, No acknowledgement. This is not the time to play nice.
I'd like to see geographic and religious diversity on the court.
It's only a point if @SenateDems remain cohesive.
OPPOSE, OPPOSE, OPPOSE! No compromise here.
fight this disaster. For all of us.
We're counting on you and Sen @alfranken to keep fighting the good fight!  Thanks for all you do on behalf of MN!
Please, now is the time to OPPOSE EVERYTHING. My zip code is 55732.
do not collude with anything the GOP and tRump Regime put forth
Can you keep it that way?
unfortunately, Heidi Heitkamp will vote with the Republicans.  I just hope the rest of the Democrats will stand together.
Do you anticipate holding up the nomination to send the message the president doesn't hold all the cards?
#Filibuster senator
#nuclearoption
Yes, and when you have a moment could you please work on getting that bastard impeached? Thanks much.
Unless they do the nuclear option and change it the same way Harry Reid did on the other votes. Then only 51.@realDonaldTrump
will the democratic senators show strength here?
if his cabinet choices are a prelude then vote no
sounds like you have already decided to vote no before nominee is announced- shallow.
filibuster or buh bye. Yea votes on noms already disgusting.
Unless mainstream do not even give nominee a vote.  Treat Republican nominee as the republicans did with Pres Obama's nominee
@keithellison @alfranken @BettyMcCollum04 Time to take a page from the Repub. playbook and learn the politics of "no."#resist
The Judicial Branch has been removed from the http://Whitehouse.gov  website. Will they even bother?
I guess we're counting the ways to stop progress rather than supporting it?   Nice job Amy.
thank you for standing up. What can MNs do to help when our reps are already pretty great?
#115thCongress best start brushing up on #ConstitutionalLaw @amyklobuchar #RodinoCenter @SetonHallLaw
how many Trump nominees do you intend to support until then? Any support for his agenda is not what MN stands for
we need an independent judiciary - we're counting on you!
Stand strong against any nominee who is unacceptable. We can get along just fine with eight justices if we have to.
@igorvolsky @PaulBegala thank you Senator!
with you and 13 other Dems voting to confirm pro-torture CIA director, Pompeo, I hold very little hope for the "resistance"
we should wait and let the NEXT president decide. Let the voters decide.
thanks for your work. Impeach with vigor.
how about denying unanimous consent and slow down the process?
Thank you for keeping us informed. Today's realities are dizzying. Your clarity & resolve inspire us!
I am fucking depressed please don't make it worse stop the madness
you and your fellow Dems must stop this regime from total takeover of our democracy. We need you.
@yodaquoter and I expect Dems to say NO - to get a backbone and quit playing nice.
#blockanyonenotnamedgarland
YES! And we know that you'll do your part to keep Trump's hatred out of SCOTUS. Please keep the other Dem Senators in check!
Stand strong and hold your fellow Democrats accountable!
Any Democrat who doesn't support the filibuster against any nominee not named Merrick Garland gets primaried. THIS IS OUR SEAT
Unless Rs end the filibuster rule..... Then we are sunk. 

Are you sure Dems can ALL hang tight in opposition???
Two branches of our government are seriously compromised. Do not let them have the 3rd. Block Trump's Supreme Court nominee.
Trump told Mitch McConnell to use nuclear option & rule change to simple majority if any oppo. We need some R's w/spines.
thank you I have hope. Maybe the Dem  will show some backbone and do what the republican did for 9 months block BLOCK BLOCK!!?
@alfranken I want Trump impeached! Blood on his hands now..a Navy Seal n now terrorist attack n 6 dead at Quebec mosque! :''(
Well, to be fair, Quebec is in Canada.
@Liberalthelorax cockblock the vote
Not many, I would think.
thank you. Please stand against all Trump's nominees and begin impeachment proceedings against president
SO DEMOCRATS BETTER BLOCK THE HELL OUT OF IT!!! OBSTRUCT EVERYTHING!! WE THE VOTERS ARE WATCHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah, but you voters got beat in November.  Go away.
keep the faith Amy!
NO approval, please!
Block it for four. No excuses. Remain strong.
filibuster. Filibuster. Filibuster. This is not the time 2 b the "better" party. NO new scotus jdge unless its merrick garland
And Dems better not fold and vote for ANY of his nominees.  Not a single one of you or we will fund your primary opponent.
I will personally dedicate my life 2 getting Dems voted out if they vote to confirm. I swear to god they better grow a spine.
and you'll do everything in your power to block them no matter who it is, right? #partisanhack #donothingpolitician
I'd hope so, and so, it seems, do many others, in this thread.
Well most Dems in Congress aren't blocking squat anyway. They're lying down. Tweeting & talking not enuf.
. You're right. I will call her office
if your votes on his cabinet positions are any indication, I'm sure you'll approve almost anybody he sends up.
. FILIBUSTER!  MN is paying attention and we know ur just
Ds better vote against all Trump nominees and filibuster Make Rs go nuclear That was Obam's seat to fill Rs stole it.
Please oppose Trump's nominee like Republicans denied the vote on Merrick Garland!  Dems need to be strong and forceful!
@Sifill_LDF your profile picture is smiling!
@Sifill_LDF Until GOP changes rule to require simple majority.
Yes!! Democrats stand STRONG on Supreme Ct nominee and trump cabinet nominee!!
we are counting on you all to hold the line
@damonbethea1 exactly.  Please stand tall on #SCOTUS votes.  I wish it would be #merrickGarland
And every @SenateDems better vote no.  Tell your colleagues. We're not playing here.
Please do not allow said nominee to sit on the court. You and your colleagues have the power.
So important to know!
Please have all noms agree that govt must be secular in order to uphold freedom of religion. They have to agree
