The ACA is an utter and complete disaster.  It will need to be overhauled, not "improved".   And NO SINGLE PAYER!!!!  EVER!!!!!
There should be no gov involved in health care or any insurance period
100% agree
In short, "improvement" means taking steps away from socialized healthcare, not towards it.  Period.
So you will pass on Medicare when u reach 65 because u don't want socialized healthcare, right?
See The Intercept article. McCain is fairly despicable. Millions dead b/c of his votes. No confidence.
No. That's a guy with nothing to lose.

people need to understand how health insurance coverage works before they flap their jaws. Also understand how uninsured drain hospitals
Guess who pays?
Time for your friend John McCain to start being more vocal and lead the #GOP into taking down a traitor in chief #ImpeachTrump
How bout u all work for what majority of Americans want! Guaranteed as a human right healthcare thru Medicare 4 all
#Amy2020
Mrs. K...I implore u as a citizen, veteran and tax payer. Please watch Hannity. He is running the country
And thank you
Great job looming out for us "non millionaires "  that have no clue!
Thank you John!
Thank you, and thank you, John.
You are so full of it. What have you been doing to contribute for the last 6 months. Sick.
U built it, u saved it, u own it. Good luck with that
Sen. Klobuchar, I applaud your willingness to recognize bipartisanship, but I think Sen. McCain just stabbed us all in the back tonight
it is called corrupt establishment, draining the swamp one at a time - McCain time is up and you will have to find another loser traitor
I'll be honest, I'm a lifetime republican but love the work you do for the people of Minnesota. You have and will continue to have my vote!!
Proud!  I being from Minnesota sore as hell cant say that.
He is still fighting the good fight! What ever it takes. DT needs to move on to other things. Ain't broke, leave it
Yes!   Please work together!
But the coward in chief wants to just let it  fail. Isn't that a great message to send to congress.
Invite Senators Collins and Murkowski to join Dems., since they get no respect from R's. Proud of the  3 Rs and all Ds.
Time to support Medicare4All and not insurance company profits.
Minnesota needs to vote you out 2018.. We can do it Minnesota
Long lines in Canada, UK, etc..., our own problems with the VA, and what happened to Charlie Gard = Single payer is bad healthcare for all.
I'm happy about his vote too but let's not give this guy a bunch of credit after many years of failing to be a "maverick" as claimed
Universal coverage for all minors and transparent pricing would be two great additions!
McCain is no leader.  He votes randomly, at best, and is no friend of the middle class.
Yeah!  Single payer worked really for Charlie Gard.
Push single payer and it will be the end of the Democrat Party. The election losses will make the losses after passing ACA seem small.
Senator McCain is a Real and True American Hero and I thank GOD for him
Thank you Senator for having integrity
Should have included definition of integrity in ur tweet since rest of GOP doesn't know what it means
Indeed it is Leadership. #WorkTogetherForAll
Nurses are praying for all of the brave souls working day/night to  improve access to healthcare.  Thank you for your service to all of us!
Thank you For your strong leadership.
Can everyone just do something now?
It really is. They need to work on healthcare for all Americans.
Get all the women in the Senate together... Write the bill... Done.
Please don't forget the two Republican Women who voted against the bill too.
Don't forget your colleagues @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski. McCain wouldn't have had his headline-grabbing moment without them.
That's what I am talking about put away work work to toget hammer out what needs to be done talk to doctors talk to health insurance company
Thank you so much. To you, to @SenFranken , @SenJohnMcCain and all who voted no. So grateful that doing the right thing won the day
And a shout out to @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski for not letting us down! 
Credit the brave women who stood even firmer - Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins!
Now let's see if the house and Senate Dems and Republicans can work together to get a fair bill passes. Fix the ACA - it will work w/ tweeks
Leadership? No. It's called no other choice.  Leadership would have been working across the aisle 7 months ago.
The ACA needs to go
Corporations are using ACA as opportunity to reduce their costs and make their employees pay.  This should not be a partisan issue
Please do something I can not keep paying 10000 out of pocket with no 80/20 until I reach deductible of $3000.  That =premiums plus first 3K
No. Time to stop messing around with half-measures and instead join the rest of the developed world in universal, guaranteed health care!
Like you demoncrats did 7 yrs ago? Cut the bullshit, scammer!
Will we see that leadership from the majority? I hope so, but history shows otherwise.
Lying to his constituents to get re-elected is not leadership.
U R fabulous. Now that this battle is won. Please rally the troops and get aggressive and get the corrupt monsters out of WH.
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins fix the broken parts and keep the good parts @SenWarren
as did Senators Murkowski and Collins.
Amy, what part of the ACA is affordable,  why dont you pay my 1200 monthly premium for a shitty bronze policy,  you and Al are a disgrace.
Finally
True Leadership is getting rid of mandates and getting healthcare completely out of gov control so we can decide what we want. Not the gov.
Yes but so did @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins and they never waivered, despite vicious attacks. They can truly help.
Don't forget about the Republican women who voted against the bill as well.
Or you could have worked across the aisle before passing ACA so it wouldn't be as terrible as it is...
Thank YOU and to the Dems and Independents that stood together.
Amy, let's begin by calling it the PPACA. People grateful for finally getting some protections with the law need to know we won't lose them.
No need to reinvent the wheel - improvement = better!!
How about you vote to put yourself on this, then maybe you would actually fix it.
Not sure if you're friends with Murkowski & Collins, but please as a women, give your fellow women their due. They are the true heroes here
You need to fix this  to fix healthcare. Break the back of the cabal that supports inflated charging in health care.
McCain is not just a name, it is honor, service to country, and love of the American people. Something trump and his family can never be.
Real leadership is Murkowsky and Collins standing tall and doing the right thing even when threatened. #WomenInPolitics
thank you John McCain! I was worried about you!
Which is what you Dems have been TRYING to do for weeks now.  Maybe this time they will suck it up and join the team?  Fingers crossed...
And thank you for your steady hand during this awful time.  At least I can rely on MY senators to do the right thing.
It was your kind of leadership that is destroying many lives.  You are disease.
Thanks to Ocare, I have a medical lien on my home, in foreclosure and can't afford to go a Doc & your happy about your McCain friendship?
I don't believe you when you say you really want to work across the aisle. If that's the case, dems wouldn't be on cable news celebrating.
He voted for a earlier worse bill. He is no friend to me.
Amy, if you don't want to replace it, then make it better than it is right now, because its a joke as it stands!! #ACAneedsimprovement
Yes!
How about a shout out to the 2 female senators whom ALWAYS voted no, but did so while being assaulted by POTUS...
Work across the aisle? Just like you did with ACA in the first place. A politician talking out of both sides of their mouth, big surprise.
Veto that crap
Agreed. Ty for doing your part
Wrong! Repeal. No replace. Private sector will be superior to any government program.
This wouldn't be America if a man didn't come in at the last minute & take credit for the work women did. Thanks Murkowski & Collins.
Anyone old enough to remember old dance reference. Women had to do everything Fred Astaire did, AND do it backward? Women power! Stay Strong
Can we make the Affordable Care Act...well...affordable for everyone.
When will we get something affordable? $14,300 fam ded isn't affordable for my family, but that's all we can afford.
Couldn't agree more. Old enough to remember when the Parties worked together for the good of America.  Glad that dark of night was stopped.

Yes, bullies never win in the end. As your constituent and a dem, get out there and make Obamacare great again!
Don't forget the courage of Collins and Murkowski through the whole process
Let's make healthcare work together
I see you still haven't replied to my request what are you going to do for those of us that lost our coverage under your precious Obamacare
MCain,Collins & Murkowski did Reps a big favor: allowing them to reset legislative process for good of Americans, not for partisan politics.
Proud of @lisamurkowski Murkowski and @SenatorCollins Collins as well as @SenJohnMcCain McCain and all Dems.  Now  work across the aisle!
Hopefully, problems with ACA will be itemized and be dealt with ono by one! It is doable!
What are your ideas?  Are you willing to get rid of the employer & individual mandates? OCare and O's taxes have killed my MN small business
McCain the supreme hypocrite gets his Health Care from the Mayo Clinic your friend of the American People
@rbt_newsteadecs Repeal & Replace the Kremlin Made president & restore democracy.
We need single payer, #MedicareForAllNow not bipartisan corporate welfare. My patients are literally dying for this.
You just screwed us over more...we can't afford it so now we can just die if we get sick thanks a lot Amy!
Amy you have no clue what leadership looks like.
Just like the bipartisan work you did when you passed Obamacare!
Looks like the maverick is back, thank you @SenJohnMcCain for doing the right thing and voting against this awful bill. Work together!
McCain is a RINo turncoat.  D'rats are uncompromising brats. @danobrien1972 @Loren_Jorgensen @alfranken
Just like 2010!
You and your "friend" just ruined America  Klobuchar... hope your happy
What's hard Amy is you know the ACA is not good for MN. We do not want socialized health care. Please represent my voice as well.
Thank God.  Thank God.
And time to legislate again. Regular order, hearings, testimony, civil debate in & out of congress, lets get to work America! We can do it!
Total leadership. Time for teamwork. Only the strong and determined survive. McCain is proof of that. WE can make this happen.
@JohnMcCain will be remembered as most upstanding &couageous senator in 200+ years
I want to retweet this 1,000 times! Please work together for the good of the country.
Single payer. Stop throwing money at this shitty ACA plan.
Thanx from this Minnesotan 4 staying stalwart against absurdity & insanity. Proud you are my Senator. Not all Americans can say that today.
Now would be a good time to show America your suggestions for fixes
So Amy, what is your plsn on health car when it implodes you don't care about rhe people of MN or USA that cannot afford it!
Thank you. Hopefully Both have been working on those plans while fighting the repeal.
Time to work together! Thank you! And thanks to John McCain, Lisa Murkowski ,Susan Collins. Amy, get Al and these three and make improvement
Sure is. Thank you!
Obamacare will fail and it will be the Democrats fault. The Democrat owns it. President Trump is right let Obamacare fail.
Go for it, Amy!
He is an American hero, unlike his many colleagues who caved to ideology and insanity.
Wow, and he was against the ban on transgenders in the army. He's starting to look like a compassionate human being! https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=80124D36-EF8B-4CBD-A75A-9C6C697CA235 …
Nice work Amy! Proud you are my senator.
@SenFranken; @SenJohnMcCain handed the Dems a gift. Use your powers wisely and let's do this right!
You tell them Amy they failed in there attempt. To destroy a wonderful program. Now work together to improve.
I am hopeful that both sides of the aisle will work together on a thoughtful and sustainable solution for the ACA. Thank you!
He should have never allowed it to have gone there in the first place
thats capitulation
Working across the aisle to find compromise is how Congress has operated for over 200 years. McConnell disrespected everybody
Thank heavens - glad he did the right thing.
This bill went down because of strong opposition, Democratic leadership and message & some GOPers doing the right thing!
Agree Senator!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you Senator!
That is absolutely not going to happen. Clearly the vote didn't send enough of a message just you wait!!!!
Yes, this is a great day. Thank you for hugging him. Good luck with bipartisanship
Thank god he is finally showing some balls! I'm glad he is your friend, but to us, he has thus far been a major disappointment!
Congress & their staff MUST participate 100% in whatever healthcare is forced on the ppl.  Currently, there are exemptions.
Provide healthcare, stop selling schemes to subsidize the sale of health insurance.#SinglePayerNow #courageofyourconvictions
Need to deal with cost of care ....access to care ...better results ...not just access to insurance
kudos to you and all dem senators and the gang of three. It should have been 7 but thank god they heard the people
"Across the aisle?"
3 @GOP stood with you. That is the aisle you can reach across.
The rest are recalcitrant children.
Tonight you ALL failed the American people. As re-enrollment starts people will have no providers and even higher premiums. Sad!
3! 3 of them! While I am so relieved, it was only 3 of the GOP that voted against this garbage bill. Single payer
Thank you @lisamurkowski  @SenatorCollins and @SenJohnMcCain for your lifesaving votes.
Thank you. You keep fighting, and constituents like me will keep supporting you. Thank you thank you thank you.
Amen to that.Fix the problem  of ACA Not let it fail cause they couldn't come up with anything. SAD. #RESISTANCE @DNC @GOP @realDonaldTrump
.@amyklobuchar 

SinglePayer is the way forward. Abolish the for-profit fraud called "health insurance".
How about you take care of you. I'll take care of me.
@amyklobuchar cant wait to vote against you in Minnesota #MAGA
I really do not understand why they can't just improve the ACA. It's awful what they're doing to public. Threatening lives.

@amyklobuchar
It's almost like until recently,  Democrats & Republicans were occasionally willing to work together for the common good! TY Amy 4UR work!
Looking forward to actually seeing bipartisan support!
I'm shocked, but I'm glad.
Bs... if the democrats wanted to work across the aisle they could have been doing that for the last 6months.
So make it single payer to make it better
Keep fighting Amy you and @SenFranken make me proud everyday I am from MN and @SenJohnMcCain made me proud tonight to be in AZ.
Thank you for everything that you personally have done for Americans.  Sincerely.
John.  Don't expect this to have actually changed anything.  His past record is plain enough.  Be real.  I'm just relieved.
Thank you for your vote, Senator.
Yeah improve a law The Dems put in place that has caused nothing but misery to  citizens Well done 
Thank you for your vote, Senator Klobuchar.
Our household loves you, Amy. -Bloomington, MN 55437
Sharia law too i bet lmao #maga
win for insurance companies
If U feel comfortable with this, please give him a peck on the cheek & thank him for me! Thanks 2 the dems & 3 repubs who did right! 
That's spineless caving in by weak-willed Republicans who hold no convictions to do the right thing.shame on you
He did the right thing, but Thank you, Senator for your unwavering support for the American people.
#PeopleMatter #PeoplePower #RESISTANCE #SkinnyRepeal #Fight4All #BetterCare #FIXWHATWEHAVE #FIXACA #NOTSABOTAGE #MakeINSWORK #CheaperPharma
Can he be our de-facto president until we get a real one?  Why does he not kick McConnell out?
Saved my life! I'm thrilled I won't wake up tomorrow and be terrorized by the thought of losing my lifesaving medication and doctor.
Thanks to Murkowski, Collins and McCain for joining Dems to save our care.
I'll finish the sentence for you. ......saving our care others pay for.
I knew it when he came over to talk to you guys. You had a big grin.
Yes it is. Americans deserve regular order. Thank you all for giving for a return to normal.
Don't give him all the credit. There are a couple others (at least) who deserve it. Thx Dems for being united & thx to those b4 McCain.
That's a BAIT & SWITCH! We voted for McCain hoping he would listen to the residents of Az. ObamaCare= 116% Increase & 1 insurance company
We ask that both sides work together not only on ACA but everything!!
Now actually work together to get things fixed.  Health insurance should not dominate family budgets.
@SenJohnMcCain Can we please return to regular order and committee hearings so we can hear from experts in these fields? Plz?
Seems unrealistic to "reach across the isle" why won't you cosponsor a Single Payer bill?Over a 100 in house support HR676. We can do better
