Take the tweaks HRC ran on, roll in CSR funding, figure out how much it would reduce premiums AND THEN SAY THE NUMBER PUBLICLY, REPEATEDLY.
We keep hearing how much Trumps ACA sabotage is costing, but Dems haven't publicly been stating what the alternative is. SAY THE NUMBERS.
We need the headline "Democrats plan would reduce premiums XX%". This is doable and obvious!
Why would the GOP Senate and House vote yes on "the tweaks HRC ran on?" Serious question, what would motivate them to do so?
Wanting to move on from 8 mos of failure, headlines of raised premiums & cut coverage

If they decline, public still learns Dem alternative
That's very optimistic. You don't think the #GOP will demand defunding of #PlannedParenthood in exchange for healthcare reform votes?
I bet they will. In which case story becomes “Dems have a to decrease premiums XX% but Rs blocking over PP”.
I’m not naive about the odds of GOP making deal, but right now they’re claiming repeal is the only alternative to ACA premium hikes.
“In my job you can't just put your head in the sand and throw partisan bombshells. You have to get results.”  ~Amy Klobuchar
The flaw in that is the assumption that "partisan bombshells" don't get results, and that bi-partisan "results" are good results
as opposed to no results?
Again, this assumes that "partisan bombshells" aren't results. Social security, medicare, those were "partisan bombshells."
Man, I love you. You are going to get arrested for talking sence.
He's a bot and many of those who "liked" his messages are bots. If you follow the original conversation, it responds off subject.
Not a "bot" but nice try
Then you're a whack job, dude. Spewing stuff way off topic.
Dear Amy;

back democratic ideals like not giving healthcare over to profiteers who actively work to limit care. #singlepayer
Agree, but it's a hard sell. They are going to keep trying to repeal.
the ACA is just another shitty corporate plan which lets their donors limit our care and steal our money. cant polish a turd. #singlepayer
When you say "bipartisan" it makes me wonder what pieces of #Obamacare you'll destroy to get the #GOP votes. #MedicareForAll
I'd like to know which pieces she'd agree to keep? The DEMS routinely give the GOP what they want.
EXACTLY! Which is why Dems chose a Heritage Foundation (aka far right wing) policy when they controlled the WH & both Houses of Congress
Bill Clinton used the GOP as his excuse for all his bad policies. "The R's said they wouldn't vote for it if I didn't add that awful bit."
He'd start with, "you have to understand how this works." Obama followed his lead, so far has gotten away with it. Legacy is crumbling, tho.
There is no bipartisan solution. The GOP does not have anything useful to contribute--nor the will to.
We need universal care, ASAP, and the GOP will oppose any effective plan, because you can't solve this with a market.
#MedicareForAll thanks for the debate!!
Ok, let's get this right, it was not a bill, all it wanted was a debate. You will not debate when it is Republican. Can't wait til 2018 BYE!
Single Payer Universal Healthcare, with no involvement by for-profit organizations, is the only way to go.   Stop taking the Bribes, Amy.
For starters you can change your name. There's nothing affordable about it
Now is the time for what we the People want! #M4A #MedicareForAll 

Start there, it's GREAT!
bipartisan agreements got us into this mess. go forward with single payer.
Single-payer NOW
Get McCann and get it done with bipartisanship.. be "presidential"
#MedicareForAll   Please. 
President  And Vice President  I have a way to save millions. And I really  have been waiting  for you  20 years. I can't trust anyone else
Sen. @amyklobuchar, we the people of Minnesota demand nothing less than #MedicareForAll.
But will they do it!
single payer now
It’s about time, good luck!
Please co-sponsor @SenSanders S.1804 - Medicare for All Act of 2017. It's the logical next step.  #MedicareForAll https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/1804/cosponsors …
nah back #MedicareForAll with your party colleagues
Lost my policy due to ACA. New policy 2x the cost and 3x deductable. Nothing short of full repeal will do. Forget ur party do what's right.
No Amy! Medicare for All.
the only fix that's needed is medicare for all
The ACA is a give away to insurance repeal is fake drama to keep people divided ACA was written by insurance will never be repealed
Its a wedge issue to distact the misinformed idiotic public while Think tanks take more of your rights away quietly slowly methodically 
Oppression will not rule the United States of America! Her people will not stand for this.  Paradigm shift happens at critical moments.
We are in the mists of one!  Don't despair fight with facts. Fight with all of us. THEY KNOW BERNIE IS RIGHT!
 Love your Profile banner pic 

#NotMeUs

#MedicareForAll #FightFor15 #FreeTuition #HonorTheTreaties #ProgressiveForeignPolicy #FrackOff
Oh Senator Sanders!
I'd rather leave the ACA as-is until we can get single payer through than have y'all negotiate with the party that keeps trying to kill us
Yes.
no no no. we need health care not health insurance. the insurers are the problem. please get w the program you'll be glad you did!
In the debate, Klobuchar advocated govt take over high risk pools only, so...more yachts for insurance CEOs? No.
We need #MedicareForAll
Husband was in Oregon's high risk pool high cholesterol-high BP (with meds) diet controlled type 2 diabetes (no meds) 800 a month 4 just him
Single payer could be bipartisan in a few years if centrists like you would embrace it already
Yes, my view exactly!
Did u guys see Graham/Cassidy statement after bill failed. Single payer is great but it's gonna need a very different breed of Rs in power.
R's like @robb2018
When I see repub candidates with progressive ideas I am never quite sure what to think of it 
He's running with @BrandNew535 the district went 75% R, wouldn't flip if Jesus himself ran Dem. I'm all for it.
Does ACA need fixing?
Let’s stop rewarding the rich and help the middle class and lower class
Thank you!
Great job on your debate.  On point Senator !!!!!
Senator Klobuchar you rocked in debate keep it up! Thanks for your dedication to the American people's health care bye to G/C bill!
Enjoyed you on CNN in the healthcare debate with more white men so-called leaders. You are the voice of reason!! 
There's only ONE way to FIX the ACA so that ALL Americans are covered - #MedicareForAll
Did you not hear the lady from AZ? ACA needs to be moved to Medicare for ALL.
Uhh can you not bargain away my healthcare for "bipartisan" reasons? Why would you compromise with ppl who have horrible ideas?
They started that way. DEMS let GOP hv 2 much input in2 ACA bc GOP said they would then vote YAY, but they didn't. No improvements since.
I'll never forget how angry I was when blue dogs killed the public option-then gave GOP too much power re Medicaid & my state didn't expand
#MedicareForAll
Yay Amy.
No More Insurance Industry Subsidies! #WeDeserveBetter #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
I agree with Bernie. Improve ACA. That's doable right now. Work on taking over congress in 2018 to make #M4A happen. We can't do it alone.
The bill is a four year phase in. It needs passed now! Labor deserves better than an insurance industry product that's not healthcare.
(sight cheat here as I have not been enhanced yet)
*not
Remember the guy you and Al Franken stabbed in the back, in the DDD primary?  START PUSHING 1-PAY MEDICARE, SENATOR MEAT!  Feel the Bern.
Bet not...
It's medicare4all time Amy.
It's time to stop
Except the Republicans don't want to fix the deathbill of Obamacare.  You had a few years to fix it and didn't.
Medicare for all or get bent.
Democrats have put forth NOTHING to fix Obamacare even tho its been imploding for years.  What the hell are u waiting for?
SINGLE PAYER YOU BIG DUMB MORON GIVE US SINGLE PAYYERRRRRRR
Constituent here.  Single payer please.
How about that Single Payer a majority of Americans want?
Single payer or nothing
Let the GOP die in the soup of its own humiliation.Racism, birtherism and a dollop of white supremacy for a vanilla flavor. #resist #remove
Make Medicare-For-All the sole coverage for politicians.
Watch the improvements and funding magically appear.
Unless you can convince the GOP to go left of Obamacare, don’t waste your time.
Nobody wants anything the repubs touched because they're based on profits, not helping anyone. Fuck them. #SinglePayerNow
Single payer please.
NOBODY WANTS BIPARTISAN ANYTHING
Want to help us middle class? Support the tax cut bill.
We have thus far defeated the latest Republican plan, now lets save the last Republican scheme. Yeah ... thats (not) the ticket.
Your top 10 donors include a medical device outfit, your old law firm which represents UnitedHealth…and UnitedHealth
Thank you for your hard work Amy.
Watched
CSpan rerun. Spectacular exchanges. Attorney academics right ones to field very knotty questions from extremely prepared Senators.
AWESOME! Getting costs down would be great! Drugs/co pays etc. are SO high.  78% of USA lives paycheck to paycheck.
I vote #MedicareForAll

Yes. The glorious middle ground between raising taxes to have medical care for all, and that that party that wants the poor to die.
Thank you Senator! Great debate Monday too!
Weak Amy, ACA ALREADY IS BIPARTISAN!!!!
No collaboration with people who refuse to condemn literal Nazis. Support #MedicareForAll
Medicare for all. Listen to your debating partner. Most of us don't have the time or money to "shop" on the exchanges.
Or Medicare for all. #unafilliatedvoter
You want to fix the ACA? How about you stop working for your donors interests & fix our healthcare system with single payer?
Endorse #MedicareForAll
This is weak, and boring. It's time for universal social medicine.
Do better. #medicare4all
what the hell bipartisan solutions to problems do you think there are that wouldn't be better solved by single payer?
Please support Medicare for all Senator. Anything less isn't good enough.
Bipartisan agreement? Fuck that! Universal healthcare
single payer now
Single Payer Now!
Yes! And while you're at it, please find some way to stop the sabotage of the current law. Repeal "Private Jet Price" @SecPriceMD
No. The opening is for every elected Dem to stand w/ the majority ppl & say "healthcare is a human right". The opening is for #Medicare4All.
There always WAS / IS a time to craft a bipartisan agreement, Senator. We're depending on your help, as most "legislators" in DC won't...
Indeed! We need all hands on deck to fight for bipartisan fix to #ACA . This is as important as killing #GrahamCassidy
You misspelled Medicare 4 all
NONONONONONONONO. the GOP treats most americans like they’re worth less than dog shit. don’t bend an inch in their direction. fuck them. single payer now.
69% of democrats support single payer
Amy: Time to get bipartisan
Nobody wants that.
@amyklobuchar then support @SenSanders #MedicareForAll you know its the right thing to do
Cosponsor @SenSanders bill! S 1804! #MedicareForAll
Or you could actually begin to fight for real and actual health CARE not insurance schemes/bailoits.
Support Medicare for All!
Call your REPUBLICAN representatives everybody and tell them you want Medicare 4 All. Absolutely no reason not to do so.
You're joking, right?  Do you really think people believe that could happen?
I was very impressed with you on CNN debate on healthcare.  We need more women in the senate.  Thank you!
Republicans are Actual Evil. Didn't you see Cassidy on Monday? Don't work with them. We want universal healthcare.
fix it by giving everyone medicare
#MedicareForAll
We want #MedicareForAll, pls consider adding your support
DNC: Okay, we've thwarted the latest GOP attempt to strip healthcare. What do we do next?

Den voters: #M4A!

DNC: Did I hear "nothing"?
They don't want to fix anything. They just want to vandalize.
no
Will the GOP even try to do that though? They have been unwilling to even try to include Dems in any communication regarding this.
What is wrong with you? No Republican is interested in fixing the ACA (whatever that means)
Now is the time for single payer, please! Let's get that done, you know, like all the other civilized countries.

You know they are all on the ropes. Push for Single payer and it will come to pass
You're making Minnesota look bad. Ditch the ACA and pass universal single payer.
It's called #universalhealthcare or #SinglePayer get with the program.
This is the way it should be done! We standvwith you @amyklobuchar
Democrats are weak corporate puppets. How about you keep pushing for #MedicareforAll. You may actually win some seats in 2018.
Single Payer is only rational way forward. Cassidy/Graham made your arguments for you. No more 1/2-measures, & conservative legislation.
You can't seriously believe this
Replace ACA with single payer
there some elderly GOP senators if you booby trap the Senate building with spike pits + jump scares, snakes, switch the decaf with regular,
Thank you Amy! Now on to negotiating drug prices and Medicare for All! Thanks!
#MNVoter4M4All
And pave the way for Medicare for All. We have the $ we need to shift it to people and basic needs and rights. Now is the time!
Bipartisanship got us obamacare. We need to fight them with medicare for all
Don't make us kick you out of office. Don't follow @NancyPelosi and @SenSchumer down the losing path. Get behind #MedicareForAll
Hell yeah finally a chance to compromise with the people who want to liquefy sick children and use them as yacht fuel
They set this up so ppl will believe something 'good' will be done if Democrats are replaced. It's pretty obvious.
You're all blind. They set it up to fail and want to make healthcare unaffordable to the regular people. We're the ones to suffer.
Support #MedicareForAll - it's the best option going forward for the country whether you're a "Socialist" or not. May be time to primary.
You displayed great amt of knowledge at CNN healthcare debate. But your slight against Bernie didn't go unnoticed - so no $$ from this house
GO FOR THE GOOD !!  MODIFY ACA (stop calling the law "Obamacare")  
Thanks for your leadership on this issue!
how to fix: #MedicareForAll
sure.  #MedicareForAll
Read these comments, Amy.  Obamacare was the bipartisan solution and the GOP wants to kill it.  We want #medicare4all
Protect the PEOPLE'S RIGHT TO AFFORDABLE HEALTHCARE Senator! Not some HMO's right to PROFIT from my Good Health!
lol republicans are never going to be on board for what you want just give us single payer now
We don't want compromise with the sociopaths that just tried to kill millions of Americans.  Medicare for all is the only way forward.
Please work for single payer.
Yes, as soon as you win, concede half of the next battle. Brilliant
The Republicans don't want a fix. Many of the ACA faults were put into place to appease them. It won't work; you should know that.
#MedicareforAll
No.
No, people want the whole damn loaf, single payer'
Senator, you were just sitting next to someone who had a much better idea than that, one with both a snowballs chance and actual value thx
What do we want? BIPARTISAN AGREEMENT WITH PEOPLE TRYING TO KILL US! When do we want it? WELL, EVENTUALLY!
How about you don't work with the people who are trying to kill everyone
Amy, thanks for babysitting grandpa the other night!  We really needed some time alone.
Amy rocked.
Bernie gets the credit.
*Sigh*
Why so divisive? Who's giving credit? Why can we not work together?
It's not time for that, it's time for single payer, get with the program
 hell  yeah  centrism  let's  fail  miserably 
single payer now
lets not, no.
No, Amy. #Medicare4All
Agreed
We will settle for nothing less than long overdue #M4A #99%>1 
Oh for shit sake, there is no bipartisan solution.
What happens now with CHIP? Understands it expires Saturday.
Uhhh, stop with this nonsense .. It's time for #Medicare4All
Think bigger.
SINGLE PAYER!!!!!!
"RETAIN & REPAIR"...mcconnell NEVER wanted this signature legacy law to work..FROM DAY 1.  both he, ryan, trump, others have betrayed USA
Now here’s an opening for you to support every American getting the healthcare they need-as a right, not a privilege, with #MedicareForAll.
It's past time the US joined the modern world. Quit bankrupting & killing Americans. #MedicareForAll
Single payer is the only platform!
Bipartisan  Are you a Democrat or a left wing Republican? Time to decide.
Fix the ACA? it was designed to fail so congress could push single payer. The gov just needs to stay out of healthcare once and for all.
Sen., with all due respect, the GOP have been trying to murder and impoverish us.  The left needs to lead here.
No bipartisan nonsense. Single payer now. Medicare for all
The last time the ACA had "bipartisan agreement" there were >200 Republican amendments and 0 republican votes. Stop deluding yourself.
No there's not.
How did you vote on that $700 Billion defense bill? #SinglePayer
Bernie won Minnesota easily with near record turnouts for caucuses. You want to run an easy re-electable campaign for 2018? Medicare4All!
We want #MedicareForAll you fucking sellout.
http://mootsagootsa.com/thefuture.html 
where, in every action the Republicans have taken over the past year alone, have you seen any willingness on their part to be “bipartisan”?
What about single payer? Ha-ha, you're a Democrat; never mind.
The only accurate thing Sen. Graham & Cassidy said last night is that insurance companies are fleecing us. Please support #MedicareForAll.
Wtf
As long as you can work with both sides becouse they want differn't things to be done on ACA.
It's a great opening to support single payer
Klobuchar's anti-socialism gives public money to insurance companies & feeds them markets.  It's corporatism when we need #MedicareForAll
Klobuchar's corporatism props up one of America's most rapacious industries. They bet on healthy vs sick & spend profits to buy politicians.
Ah yes. We need to make the ACA slightly worse so it's palatable to the GOP. Or we can actually get folks healthcare. #Medicare4All
#MedicareForALL
Breaking: You'll lose your Senate seat if you're the last one to endorse #MedicareForAll.
Just support single payer you loser
#medicareforall is the true opening.

Good job Senator Klobuchar!
