So long as he stays out of Mueller's way.
Why? If dems won't stand up against Trump and Russian kompromat, who can we trust? NO cabinet votes while investigation continues!!!
I must admit that I am disappointed in your "Yes" vote for this Trump supporter.
Me too, this guy is destined to fail
You and Al Franken are my favorite Senators.   I should move to Minnesota.
I can't believe connection with Christie (covered up for a year) was not an issue discussed. His "private lawyer" paid for by nj residents

Does he though?
I wish you had not. Lost some respect for you over this.
Let's hope Sen. Klobuchar
Holy moly! You didn't blindly resist?
Did you question him at all about his history with Chris Cristi, the millions he made off the taxpayers of New Jersey unbeknownst to them?
I hope that doesn't come back to haunt all of us.
Let's hope
Good to see some bipartisan work
5th time's a charm? :D
He better, because his boss doesn't. DOJ and WH in this Administration will only protect rights of white straight male Christians.
"FBI person really reports directly to the president...which is interesting.And I think we’re going to have a great new F.B.I. director."
This difficult time has been brought to you by the person who appointed the FBI director while being investigated for poss treason by same
Pres Trump is still waiting for Dems to confirm many appointees.  Since our country is under such attack, get the lead out!  Obstruction.
He bilked NJ taxpayers millions of dollars over bridgegate in a very sneaky way.  Another appointed cronie for Trump.  Sad.
Sen., we hope he doesn't become politicized in that critical role. It's vital that Mueller & Congress conduct their investigations freely.
Why are we confirming a madman's nominees instead of investigating the election manipulation by this administration? Old business first!
Well, I trust YOUR judgment implicitly, so I am going to assume this was a good choice.
Doesn't matter. Why should the guy who obstructed justice to fire Comey (&admitted it) get to appoint the replacement? This isn't about Wray
You don't often make wrong calls, Amy, but I fear you may have with this one.
And represented Chris Christie off the books smh
Difficult is a gross understatement. Now Anthony Scaramucci would know how to phrase it & I hear he's available as a speechwriter .
Well spoken
Leary of anyone Trump puts forth. Trust YOUR judgement though.
At least *someone* is filling a position.  I can't say it's ideal. How are we doing with the DOE? Is anyone actually working there?
That's a shame.
From your tweet to God's ears!
Boy, I hope you're right... anyone DT nominated makes me seriously nervous.
Disagree
@alfranken @RepJasonLewis Please ask new FBI Dir & Special Counsel Mueller to investigate the president's intent on misleading US re: Russia
Can you confirm/deny whether or not you were even aware his firm rep’d Gazprom & Rosneft before you voted?
Trump expects Wray to report directly to him.
I don't trust anything this admin wants. 

Did he swear loyalty to Trump?

@amyklobuchar
What about his role in New Jersey?
Let's hope those Russia ties don't get in the way.
Trump has compromised him, sit back and watch, y'all who voted for this guy will regret it. Mark this tweet.

fbi is the most corrupt organization in the country. hillary would never have treated you that way.
"Difficult time"? Try dumpster fire. How bad must it get before anybody tries to put the fire out?
Then why did Trump pick him?  Trump is not interested in integrity.  Trump is interested in only blind loyalty to him and his kleptocracy.
Chosen by a #TrumpRussiaCollusion beneficiary and confirmed by idiots
I HOPE so! But what about Wray's firm repping Gazprom & Rosneft? What's up with that? That didn't concern anyone?
With the obstruction of justice question surrounding Comey firing still unresolved?? It should've waited until that was settled IMO.
thank you Senator.
Hope he's loyal to the American people and not that man child in the WH.
Gillibrand voted no. Please have a chat with her.
 You @GOP treasonweasles wouldn't recognize integrity if it was a Russian sex worker peeing in your faces.
Since you think he's alright I will reserve judgement. I know you would never deliberately mislead us.
And 45 has announced that the new FBI Director will report directly to him!
They stalled out a legitimate Supreme Court Justice, but yeah. Go ahead and approve Trump's picks. That's what you should do.
Hope you're right. Feel like we're on precipice w/ only bare threads of Constitution, courts left to save us. FBI Dir could go so wrong
And the fact he rep @ChrisChristie in the bridge gate matter and purposely held billing to hide this rep is 
I sure hope you're right. Most of us are so disillusioned and, still, in shock. We need stability.
Ok Senator, how about voting on the rest of the nominations? By this time with Obama approval = 238, now with Trump = 56. Stop obstructing.
Hoping he brings permanent order to the FBI.
I'll trust you on this, Amy.
I'll have to disagree Senator, and I do not agree with your vote. His recent past raises many alarms!
I am as anti-trump as you can get. But I support this decision. He seems capable, and not willing to bend to the WH. I hope I'm not wrong.
No he doesn't! what the fuck is wrong w/ you people. His last lawfirm represents Gazprom.Perform some research via lexisnexus for gawd sake.
I hope you are right!
So what are you going to do when Trump announces FBI Director reports directly to him and Wray accepts that? #wray
How the hell did this guy get confirmed?  Red flags everywhere!!!
I believe in you Senator.  Either way he is of no consequence to Mueller's investigation and can't impede it whatsoever.
Sure. I would cut that statement in 1/2 for a larger warning. But, I guess that's down the middle, right?
Didn't he involved w a Russia scandal too? Is everyone beholden to the Russians?
I guess his Russian ties were overlooked.
I sure hope so.
Great, now what is going to be done about this $10,000 a month Gleevec that I have to take to stay alive?
I think so. But now I always wait for them to be tested. Not the best track record.
He kept Chris Christie out of jail by hiding his cell phone and obstructing justice. Not a good decision, I'm afraid.
I'll have to see it to believe it.  Hope you are right.
Will he be forced to fire Mueller or stop the investigation!
But he has Russian ties!!!!
Hope you are correct.
Russian ties. I don't like this decision one bit.
You act as if that was some kind of difficult task. Congrats!
Hopefully he will not be a yes man!!
Big mistake.
Sorry, but can't take anything you guys do seriously !!!
Really the only option with a possible recess appointment coming up
I trust you, but what's with his law firm and Russian banks, especially Rosneft? Still smells fishy to me.
Russian ties aside...(which are big deal) he worked w Christie & hid payments from NJs taxpayers which says he's willing to work dirty
IKR?
I'm concerned.
From your mouth to God's ears, but I am hesitant as everything touched by Trump fails.
Did u ask/get any answers about his involvement as Christie's lawyer in Bridegate? On its face, it doesn't seem too honorable...just worried
Please answer!!
What about his work with Rosneft?
Oh Amy geez u only voted for him cause he promised to keep Mueller  , typical lib dem!
If you say so.   Hard to trust any nominees from this admin.
I hope so. 
Bad choice. Trump should not have been able to nominate a new director until after Mueller investigation. Sad day for MN.
I hope so. I am suspicious of anyone presented by trump. I've become a cynic.
I hope so - it's hard to trust anyone this regime nominates quite frankly.
Maybe pray about it cause miracles happen thanks be to God for Pres Trump!
I personally know a number of people I trust that know him and vouch for him.
I've also personally met and worked with Trump's newest lawyer, Ty Cobb, and he too is the real deal. We will see how long he lasts.
He better
And how do you explain his Russian connection, Amy? You didn't find that suspicious at all?
I hope his integrity remains and doesn't change because of the bully in chief @realDonaldTrump.
Too bad.
It's hard for #WeThePeople to trust anyone tRump picks now because he wants loyalty to him rather than the country. Prayin #impeachment soon
Did you ask him who he reports to? I am very concerned if he plans to report to trump.
Guess you/Congress  didn't have time to check out his role in Christie's Bridgegate. We Americans are saddled  w/corrupted leaders.
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats That's what they said about Sessions too......@SenateGOP
I get that you know him and I respect that. I still have a bad gut feeling. Not as strong as post-Gorsuch. Hope you're right.
You don’t find it at all concerning that his law firm represented Gazprom & Rosneft? Please explain.
Uncertain about Wray.
I hope you and others were aware of this
I don't know about this.
Don't trust Wray as far as I can throw him. I do, however, trust _you_.

Dear God, I hope you're right.
Watched voting today, Sen. Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota; Kevin Newsom Eleventh Circuit Court Judge, Confirmation
Just hope he has the country's back.
I hope to Christ You're right 
Uncomfortable step to take. Skeptical about any Trump nominee at this point, particularly FBI, but I trust your judgement.
There's no reason to effectively validate firing Comey after the fact like this. None. "A difficult time"? Skip the euphemism.
We shall see.  Does he realize he supports the Constitution, not 45?
He sure made it sound like that during his confirmation hearing. I hope he walks the walk.
Keep an eye on it
With your recommendations, I feel comfortable he is on the right side of history.
Nice to no Dems are willing to appoint an FBI director nominated by a POTUS under multiple investigations after he defended his crook buddy
Are you sure about that?
Gerbino, the guy who used to call comedy clubs pretending to be Jay Leno, is now a legal expert.
Bad choice voting for Chris Christie's bridgegate lawyer.
hope you're right....
I trust you, Amy!  Thank you!
