You down with Carsons?
spineless senators will remain spineless
Who cares with the Reid nuclear option.
thank you Sen. Klobuchar!
Thank you!  I especially support the NO vote for Price. His plan is all "access" no substance.
we will primary and Dem who doesn't full oppose every trump nominee. Spread the word.
thank you for voting no on DeVos Pruitt Tillerson Sessions and Price now get Bannon ofF NSC PLEASE!
I feel so fortunate to be represented by you.
I'm with you Senator Klobuchar. I totally agree. I hope all the Dems think like you.
oppose all Drumpf's picks-- they're fascists!
We expect you to vote no for every nominee and to push back on EOs and Trump's agenda; especially HC, women's rights & the ban
you go next POTUS! Hi from Kalamazoo!
so predictable. look at the chaos in little Mogadishu. 80k muslims that don't speak English&taught sharia.c how this works out
Thank you for standing up to Trump’s cabinet picks. Also, thanks for sponsoring the HER Act.
see, the thing is that she HASN'T stood up at all so far
what about Mnuchin? He seems great 
you should resign!
.@amyklobuchar Thank you for your opposition. Please #stopsessions with your vote on Tuesday.
Oh gee such an original idea - obstruction!
We also need full-throated opposition to POTUS' ECs. This isn't business as usual.
Thank You Sen8or!  On behalf of many enviro groups, posted signs encouraging those opposed to Climate Denier cabinet to call.
thank you (from a mpls resident)!
Thank you Senator!  Some on the GOP also need to vote no too on all these nominees!
Yet u pandered to every extremist liberal idea/policy that obama had? Partisan much?  #dem #mn #bettermn #headinsand #pathetic
thank you
good job NOT
thank you for representing my state well :)
WHY DID YOU VOTE FOR POMPEO?
Thank You and I am watching daily
thanks Amy!!
thank you !
thank you!!!
THANK YOU for your opposition.  Can we do anything about Bannon's appointment to NSC?? He is an unqualified bigot.
Thank you!  Just say NO!
thank you for your opposition!!!!
As a MN public school teacher, DeVos would destroy our ed system. Thank you for standing up for our children!
keep up the good work!
Thank you.
Thank you. You and @alfranken are rays of hope in this frightening time.
THANK U! #stopsessions 
please vote NO on all of them. DEMS need to stand up all of these bad choices
Thank you!
but you're OK with Carson? You aren't concerned about the tens of thousands of Minnesotans housed by HUD programs?
And yet you voted to confirm Pompeo, a man who stated he'd be open to bring back torture.
Ehat have you done to oppose the Trump order for today? We love what you're doing so far on the other fronts and keep it up!
where are the rest of the democrats??
THANK YOU!!!
thank you Senator Klobuchar!
Thanks from a constituent. We can count on you to do the right thing. Not thrilled abt any of them, but these are the worst.
thank you for your strong leadership
thank you for standing up for all Americans as you #stopSessions #StopDeVos #StopPruitt
Thank you!
That's good, but have you explained why you supported Pompeo and Haley?
Hang in there baby!!
add trump pence Ryan and McConnell to the list of opposition
@tkdmike Hey Senator!  Your communication appreciated in Ohio!! Thank you for that
vote no on any of them.
I support all procedural delay techniques available in the Senate. Use them, urge leadership to use them.
But you have confirmed four others.
Thank you Amy for being level-headed leader.
Thank you! Please keep fighting the good fight. These are scary times.
Sorry Amy but the Only  Nominees that should have got yes vote from  Any  Thinking  Senator  were  Defense and Amb.  UN
Thank you!
Could you clarify which appointees you've already approved?
thank you
Thank you!!
thanks, can't imagine how hard it is to keep fighting
Thank you..Please encourage across the aisle for more to do the same.
Thank you, Senator!  Fight this extremist administration, its unacceptable nominees, and its dangerous policies. #resist
thank you
- Thank you for standing up against trump's unacceptable and dangerous appointees!
please do something- even tweet about what I can do- to reverse this ban on immigration!
Good to hear you oppose Price.  Thank you
keep up the good fight senator!
I appreciate your opposition to Devoss, Tillerson, Sessions &  Pruitt.  Thank you!
You're a champion for partisan politics Amy.
Thank You!
Thank you so much for opposing ignorance, hatred, and incompetence! We need more people in government like you Senator!
Watching/rooting for you from GA. Please use your voice against the Muslim ban, against all the horrible EOs, against fascism
but you were one of only 14 Dems to vote in favor of CIA nom. Why?
@alfranken Thank You! I am so proud of our MN senators standing up to the madness.
thank you for your leadership!
thank you for your leadership!!!
@realDonaldTrump -Trump and Rs setting up for terror attack on US soil so they can be saviors and put us in fear -STOP THEM!!!
Thank you Senator!
thank you Amy!
I am glad you will vote against these nominees. But please be loud in your defense of refugees.
Should be a blanket no. He gets nothing. Be on the right side of history Senator.
woot! Woot!
The party over the people days are done. The swamp your defending is unveiled for what it is! Your still not listening to MN
Thanks You Dave we appreciate you. Without your anarchist behavior we wouldn't have won. God bless you
Trump won because morons like you are easy marks
Dave, be kind God loves you
I think it's interesting that you oppose almost all picks. Are you being an obstructionist? What happened to "work together?"
Your out of touch, we don't align with California values. We want the swamp politics in DC to end. Work for Americas success
Thank you Senator Klobuchar.
I agree with a "no" for Pruitt and to a lesser extent Sessions and Price. Not worth the fight on DeVos and Tillerson.
You should include Soros crony Mnuchin.
thank you Amy!  Keep up the fight against the horrible administration
please do your best to block them all from gaining positions which will hurt US and only make the bank accounts larger
THANK YOU for your leadership, Amy!  So proud you represent our Minnesotan values!
Thank you Senator.
I do think you need to explain your yes votes Senator. Voting yes with a frown sends a much weaker message than a NO!
Figures you would be opposed. you need to be voted out!  I'm hoping Trump pushes term limits!!
how do you cope with knowing your stance may not be enough? Best avenue to get into politics to make a difference?
finally
Thank you, Amy.
I'm not sure how you could/can vote yes on ANY of the other nominees.
keep fighting Amy! Get mad and stay firm on these matters!
thank you for opposing them.  A step in the right direction.  But it's a shame you voted for Pompeo who refused to rule out torture.
Thank you for saying your going to vote"no" on all cabinet picks, now stand up for the refugees, you have a strong voice!
Please continue your opposition by voting against all, but specifically DeVos and Sessions. Fight the Muslim ban. MN  hate!
Thank you!
thank you for representing Minnesota and voting for our benefit....hope it makes a difference
Those are the worst of a very rotten group of nominees. Thank you & please hold firm on all!
stay strong. Resist! And fight the refugee ban as hard as you can. Minnesotans are counting on you.
Thank you!
Please do not vote for them, but if you must make an unholy compromise, vote against DeVos & Sessions.
Thank you Amy. I need to know who is fighting back and holding @potus accountable. He scares me. DeVos is DANGEROUS for public
now that's a good thing to tell us. Keep up the good work.
Let's not forget the Russian involvement in our election. The Trump Smokescreen is working. Get back on track!
you announced opposition but can you say directly you're voting NO.
thank you!
Appreciate your hard work. If you want to be around in 2020, you've got to stand for what's right, now.
Thank you! Where is the outrage from Republicans? Their leaked convo about health care show they know ppl r watching.
Good for you.
thank you for supporting real US values!
thank you!
Your job has never been more important. You must use your negotiating prowess to gather a majority force against Trump/Pence.
@Lily_v_Shtupp Can you talk to Sen. Warren?
@7RSMS
and you voted Y on Pompeo. so disappointed
Thank you Senator Klobuchar.
Tillerson is looking worse and worse, after dismissing key people at the State Department, which he must have approved.
every democrat should vote no on every #drumpf nominee #resist
Don't back down.
#JustSayNo time to revive that slogan. I know dems like to play nice but these are not normal times and these are not normal picks. #resist
thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you
Thanks, from a voting Minnesotan!
Thank you Amy!
pleased to hear.
Thank you!  I'm one of your many constituents in MN who called about this last week.
Excellent- keep up the good work!
too bad your Dem colleagues aren't so brace--/@realDonaldTrump's cabinet picks should opposed by all Dems.
THANK YOU - It was Benjamin Franklin who answered "A republic, if you can keep it" - we want keep it.
Keep fighting the good fight!
Thank you!  I called your office to ask you to #resist  also. #voteNO Please urge others to do the same. 
Thank you. Esp. re: DeVos & Sessions. I was a Michigan public school teacher when DeVos was first getting up to no good there.
YES!
Please persuade 3 Republican's to vote No on DeVos, please.
thank you
keep up the giod fight senator. You make us proud! #ResistTrump
thank you so much, Amy!
unqualified and incompetent DeVoss must be stopped #forOurChildrensSake
Please oppose them all. They are a cabinet of unqualified racists & haters who plan to destroy our formerly wonderful county.
Stay the course, do not give your approval.
no more posturing, reps didn't do this to Obama's selections! Time to move on and get back to work!
Thank you.
what about the refugee ban? Senator, please do the right thing.
Senator, thank you so much for your non-partisan activities working for us. Please look up "objective" tonight for homework.
THANK YOU. We Minnesotans are behind you.
thank you
Stay strong!!
Block them all. Fight like hell. The time to give even an inch is gone.
ITHANKYOU you. This this I DON'T KNOW HOW ŤO DESCRIBE IT,  I ignored it today and I'm  going to watch a movie right after. T
Thank you!!
Thank you, Senator! Please don't vote for such horribly unqualified nominees. They would be a disaster for our country.
Klobuchar in 2020 !!  Please consider it !!
Fine. Carson?
Thank you! I just wrote you a note supporting your efforts about that today.
Thank you, Senator! Keep standing strong!
thank you, Sen Klobuchar. If you ever run for Pres, I will work my heart out for you.
thank you
THANK YOU!!! I called your office last week. I'm glad to be in Minnesotan!
@TheDemocrats please stay strong. No to dangerous nominees. No to right wing judges. #Resistance #illegitimatetrump
thank you.
ugh
mind passing those along to me so I can read them?
Thank you for standing up. Other's have voiced "opposition" and then voted in favor. Please don't do that. Please.
No one is going to run to the left of you @amyklobuchar. Play the politics right and do us proud. Fight smart, not hard.
thank you, senator!
THANK YOU!!
Thank you.
Setting the high bar!! Thank you! @joan_starr still haven't heard from @KamalaHarris or @SenFeinstein
thank you! But Pompeo should have been a non-starter. What convinced you he will not support POTUS's stance on torture?
thank you! Keep kicking ass and please, do what you need to do to save this country. You have our support!
Keep fighting for all of us.
Stop defending some mildly negative feedback you've gotten and speak out on the Muslim ban. We are all watching.
Agree. Speak up!
