investigated by FBI & CIA, right? No evidence, right? Pls move 2 rep the ppl-we R dying. Stop politicizing.
Thank you Amy, keep it up. I still think some of the GOP leadership is in on it too.
Where is the proof? Sources? More fake news from Washington Compost.
The alarms are rising and getting louder! I feel as though this is 100 x's as explosive as anything Nixon did!
@amyklobuchar @washingtonpost
. Absolutely!!
thankyou for being a strong voice for independent investigation!
thank you, also stop legislation on privitization of Medicare.
@brianefallon @washingtonpost VERY FAKE once again
I think you're a great senator for our state but I'm very disappointed on your wolves bill. Not what I wanted to see
We have an administration who intentionally polarized the nation 2 debunk & discredit those not on their side.
. Not here to defend DT admin, but do you realize you just described the previous admin as well?

@puppymnkey @washingtonpost If you are relying on NYT, WP or party communications ops for posts, your common sense is gone.
impeach and arrest Trump and his henchmen.  #cuffTrump #resist
Can I ask what the plan is to stop him? Why is there still no investigation?
But exposing it is the right thing to do. That way we can pick up the pieces and restore

if you read in between the lines, WaPo is suggesting that CIA Director Pompeo complied with Trump's orders to downplay story.
go after them Amy! You are woman hear me ROAR!!
Time for Impeachment Hearing is getting close!
Yes please however it shouldn't take 18 months!
Keep pushing Amy, thank you!
@gregpmiller :We must have an independent commission or we r in trouble as free nation.
This administration is UNREAL.  Independent commission IS necessary to protect the the citizens
The administration is attempting to "fix" the problem with more lies. The American people deserve the truth!
You know you're on the right path the angrier and more defensive Trump and his supporters get about the issue.
we must get an independent investigation I don't trust this administration
I need: cannabis 4 kids I serve w/ disabilities & opioid option, expanded Medicare-lower the age, NOT Politics
Why are MN senators more concerned with their party than the best interests and success of MN citizens!
Yes lets get to the truth.
here's  another reason :  the evidence is ALL campaign & administration members& potus & family
Yep. "Sunlight is the best disinfectant."
they think it's let's make a deal like typical Trump business management style. #UNpresidented #UNamerican
RP's contact with Nunes & Burr effectively contaminate their investigations. Ind. commission only valid venue now.
please push for this. We need to know what he knew and when. Then impeach if needed
yes we do!
Don't take your eyes off of this!  They throw a lot of shiny balls around to distract.  We know the truth/need to prove it
Make it happen!
@TheGrapesOfWisc @washingtonpost   Everyone in America knows about the Russian link. It's only congress that isn't acting.
I agree we need to investigate. Independent Counsel.
@vic77677 @washingtonpost  Rethugs can't go low enough to get what they want, Good luck dickheads.
THANK YOU!!  This is the most important duty for Congress today!
I hope you and other Dems will beat this drum until it can no longer be sidelined by their other distractions.
They are going to get caught!!! We have to keep pushing for an investigation!!!!!
Nunes & Burr according to reports admitted Trump had been in touch to kill the investigation and call media they made calls?
Lie!
Russia Russia Russia we must keep focus & not be distracted by #45s smoke&mirror antics
I'm with my Senator!  She makes MN proud!
Keep doing a great job by keeping the pressure on congress
Yes, we need you to stay on this! Ignore the distractions and investigate the Trump-Russia connections!
Yes!  We must investigate! @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr #doyourjob
Continue holding them accountable. And maybe next time don't vote for a partisan hack to lead CIA. Thanks.
And now those lawmakers are too tainted to head up investigations by their committees!
This is some straight up Joe Goebbels' tactics.
Sessions needs to recuse himself too
Betcha he wont. This is Bannons gov now and sessions is another #BannonsBitch
Exactly!! Thanks for speaking up about this
Could not agree more! It will happen eventually, so why are the @GOP fighting it? Truth has a way of showing itself in time!
.@amyklobuchar @washingtonpost Like shooting fish in a barrel...Exh 1: Spread #Russia #fakenews #propaganda auto identifies #liberallosers!
why aren't you doing something about it? You keep talking, and nothing being accomplished,#youworkforthepeople
Please keep talking about this loud and clear.  We are not a banana republic, though his behavior seeks to make us one.
thank you Senator, please keep pushing for this!
this is becoming a Nixonian level scandal & more likely, we're going to find out much worse.
"Becoming?" It's already there, and then some.
Thank you Amy for staying on this!!
Excellent point! The people supposedly investigating are clearly trying to bury the story instead #RESISTANCE #Indivisible
push on and thank you
