There's a continuous stream of natural disasters, there's no point where they can roll back protection that doesn't coincide with one.
The irony of this is entirely lost on them.
Was President Obama’s name on it? Well, Yes; let’s stop acting surprised; no other admin policies have been reversed. @Lawrence @rulajebreal
what? not even you can tell for sure??

#ImpeachTrumpPence
Forgot mortally dangerous!
Yep. He truly has no concept of what he's doing to our environment, our country, our citizens. He needs to be outed NOW: #25thAmendment
Inconceivable.
Serious error in judgement
Senator, stop blaming wild fires on climate. They have ALWAYS been a part of ecosystem. No correlation between CO2 and fires. Fewer today.
Appears you have some trumpsters trolling you Senator.
And u thought Trump was smart!
Really did. That is the pattern with this administration: undo any progress that we have made on trouble that is staring us in the face.
Yes, that happened.
Trump only hires the best ppl who will kill crush destroy our country and our planet.
Sure he did. He only cares about himself and getting rid of anything Obama did. When is congress going to act
Sure did.
YEP!
We think the GOP clown car is a joke but as they roll across all the eco protections its not funny.
And probably the coolest summer in N.W. Ohio. It only did reach 90 degrees ONCE, and that was a fall day.
are you gonna tell me that #climate science is linked to Satanism too ?? | You tweeted this, right? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2fmbjiZFeo …
Didn't put a lot of thought into this tweet
Yes aren’t they just “ special” we have a cruel sick sadistic so call leader knows nothing of environmental problems nor does the moron care
Impeaching Obama after he left office ... one bill at the time
Why, did that start the fires.....Get real----just saying...
What do you know about the #AwanBrothers #SpyRinginCongress @WCCO @KSTP @kare11SCENE @myfox9 @SenAlFrank
There’s been huge fires since day one, not since we got here, people!!
@susanmpls This administration inadvertently specializes in irony. Apocalyptic irony, but irony nevertheless.
Please run for president and undo everything he is doing!
It's nice to have a president with a backbone instead of a slick liar



All continents set their record maximum temperature a long time ago, when CO2 was much lower
http://web.archive.org/web/20020930071549/http://lwf.ncdc.noaa.gov:80/oa/climate/globalextremes.html … 
An administration as inept as it is chaotic but voters continue to pay the price
Stop spinning your opinion on EPA cuts like its Trump's fault the forest is on fire naturally in California.
The California fires  may not be Trump’s fault, but his lack of priority for global climate change stands in the way of disaster response.
Wish I could say I was shocked. #helpus
Look at China.  Not on fire. SOLAR!
yes and other regulations and other regulations plus birth control. And all the press can report on is president is a moron.
Wow. Didn't realize this is the very first year in California history that there ever have been wildfires. Thanks for the education.
You ask?
Last time I checked, wildfires existed before "climate change" was a thing...
What does one have to do with the other?  California has fires every year
Please stop them before we all our destroyed.
Oh yes ... denial is the calling card of the GOP these days
Biden/Klobuchar 2020.
EPA is gutted under Drumpf
Unfortunately they don't see a connection
Not sure how these are connected there have been forest fires in CA for thousands of years #sequoias

Ok but it doesn’t rain in Napa from June through October. This isn’t since 1980. Sequoia trees have evolved to be resistant to fire, not new
Don't know about US but in Spain the constant prevention of fires (to protect property) actually leads to bigger fires, more kindling.
Yes did
My only hope is that Minnesota will do what it can to protect our State from Scott Pruitt's version of the EPA.
They are truly despicable
They certainly did. What wuill Congress do about it?
Which once again demonstrates @GOP only cares about its big donors and says F off people and F off planet Earth.
Please prioritize enabling Congress to impeach Trump and then we can undo the damage. Also, assist in suspending the Jones Act.
Are u asking the question or are u informing us that they did? And if they did what do you plan to do about this?
Yes cuz they're are that greedy and shortsighted.
Isn’t it refreshing!?
Unhindered by pc categories like: scientific evidence, conscience, and common sense.
Most tone deaf administration ever!
Help. We are dying here. Tbh I feel pretty safe in MN, but the rest of country is falling apart! Also, I would like womens rights to stay.
Easy to do when they think everything but Fox News is Fake.
Yes, yes they are. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump admin is ready willing and able to put corporations over people. Every day they go to work.
Why did we have wildfires b4 Obama's EPA power grab?
Yes, yes they did.
Hold their feet to the fire!
What has one to do with the other? Are you suggesting fines for California
I'm so sick of this administration. Clearly their purpose is to undue whatever Obama did. They have no agenda of their own.
Tone deaf
Yup. Glad you are still shocked. I am just shellshocked at this point
Yes. There needs to be a bill introduced every day to remove Trump as unfit for office
They are too busy worrying about #PuertoRicoRelief .  Ooops, sorry, I guess not.
The real question is why are we the true government allowing this administration to act so carelessly so dangerously
Truly.  Amazing and disturbing.
And it relates how?
Uh, yes it did.
EPA 2016 = Environmental Protection Agency.  
EPA 2017 = Earth Plundered Autocratically.
You’re not sincerely surprised, are you?
Please do something, anything to get that lunatic out of office before he starts WWIII.
And the Trumpsters say; “Bah! Those are liberal wildfires out there in NoCal! Nancy Pelosi probably set ‘em so she could blame Trump!”
Insanity spreads LIKE FIRE @GOP @EPAScottPruitt @EPA @realDonaldTrump
Can you explain the relationship between the two?
Why isn't the senate pushing back?
YES!!  It's congress' job to pass laws, not the EPA. Do your job & get it done the right way.

Point is you don’t care what happens in rural areas you cater to cities and don’t care about us out here in rural Minnesota
If you cared about wild fires why did it take you three weeks to respond to the one in Colorado Kansas and Oklahoma
These guys only do what we allow them to do. https://goo.gl/images/xrcraf 
Yes they did. How's that for timing.
Yeah .
Now, now, Amy, you know that fire is fake news invented by the Chinese...
Strange way to make America great again isn't it
unrelated.

Greenhouse Gasses are making Earth a great place to live.  My new blog post is at 
https://johncolemanblog.com/  
Unfortunately that's the way this moron rolls.
Are you suggesting that the fire was caused by climate change?  How hot is it out West?  Think it caused Haley's comet to not show today.
@RepErikPaulsen @POTUS 
Dear @amyklobuchar 
Please make Senate inquiry concerning performance of Lockheed 1st OTEC.
Ocean heat 2 electricity
25th Amendment! Amy-Congress needs to get rid of Trump!
Apparently the head of the EPA doesn’t understand his job is to PROTECT the environment. Do these people want better future for their kids?
Yes, so What? Obama's illegal actions had to be reversed.
I like you, not Trump, 3 families dear to me lost their homes in Snta Rosa, but this isn’t your finest statement. Ill informed & political
Amy, Sen. Klobuchar, keep fighting for us. We need you in this fight!
We need your strong compassionate leadership now more than ever!! Stay strong for us!! 
Yep!
Hate and stupidity don't do irony.
Senator, you and I both know this administration doesn’t care about the environment or the people who live here. Keep on fighting for us.
I agree. Let’s ban lightning and dry brush.
They probably don't even know about the fires....or care. Fires are in California.
What is the picture of America in these people's heads? We want our money, environment be damned! We will be choked like China.
Ironic much?
1) Our MORON-In-Chief has no clue abt science. He only wants his face on tv. I am begging the media to STOP PUTTING ANY LIVE COVERAGE OF HIM
2) on any air until he  actually gets off of twitter & gets a ghost prez to run the US 4 real!!! He is taking us to WWIII. Does amyone want
Goes well with his, "no sense" non sense admin policies.
Keep up the great work you have been doing which is nothing
Help them out
That is why they were burning long before you even said anything how about the ranchers loss of hay in SD or ND  or MT we can’t cut crp to
You don’t care about the fires unless they are in California until it suits you then you act like you care
That would be a resounding yes.
Help, Amy!
Yes. Kick his ass with regularity and with ‘ol @alfranken
Yes and without any remorse in fact it brought a spring to their step. Sick!
Nothing should be surprising anymore. #ImpeachTrump
The wild fires are because of people who don’t let loggers in to cut down the older and dead trees
Why don’t u explain the precise cause of these fires. There were fires in several states then early snow. We can control climate 

#Nibiru #PlanetX https://www.pscp.tv/w/bIWrAjF3QkVBZHF5V0RHalB8MWRqR1hMcFlqWFJHWiXErStT8jPA6VvNAHtQwo3bdfO_n4tI8ZQPl59qp7SO …
Now is NOT the time to talk abt it....let's take a moment of silence, then forget abt it, then go back to bashing the NFL..OH WE DID ALREADY

Another hypocritical post from the champion of "I'm rubber / you're glue".
Keep fighting for all of us. The administration is ruled by money
Just like Hillary saw footage of her hanging out with weinstein. A known rapist. But he gave lots of money so that's ok. ...right?
Just continue to promise utopian weather Senator. We all understand that you can make it happen by taking away US energy and freedom.
Numerous wildfires start simultaneously miles apart, but, yeah, this was climate change. Seems familiar to 2015's, which were arson.
“Now is not the time to talk about climate change” said every #Trump lackey ever.
Doesn’t California have its own EPA? Shouldn’t they have control of what’s going on? Smh.
We are so screwed here, we work everyday to thwart these people trying to destroy us
She couldn’t win she isn’t bright enough

Democrat forest management practices contributed to Wildfires and hazardous air for months in Oregon...sudenly now you are concerned.
That's how Klobu roles = Drive by politics.
Victim mindset 
The Epa...Scott Pruit..unbelievable..overturning every single thing Obama passed just to be spiteful! The worst WH administration ever...
You do know California has its on EPA right? If they really wanted to, they could adopt the policies Obama enacted.
Yes they did they have impeccible timing.
Why would anyone be surprised by anything this bunch of ignorant self serving money lovers do?
This adm has no clue this proves it
Not sure 1 correlates w/other. We traveled in that high fire risk area & there are so many new homes in/next to dry grass/tree
Not sure how they are related?
Yes, yes they did. Just days after the 4th hurricane caused destruction in our country.
Yep! Is that your guy?
Yep. Sad!
Yep
Forest fires are good for the environment. They help regenerate forests. They also have been occurring long before man impacted the climate.
We need to get Pruitt out of the WH!!
Of@course they did
Connection?
Those regulations were created by the new world order globalists to destroy our economy. High energy prices could kill people.
Yep better make a law about that it's the only way you beat 9 stacked in the box @SenFeinstein @SenSchumer I imagine it might get signed
Minnesota & Wisconsin just are not the defenses they once were and need new game plans as they cannt get out of each other's way and is ugly
How much $$ did @EPAScottPruitt receive today?
We dont have to destroy economy technology will allow fossil fuels to be used without producing carbon dioxide Free market will solve this
Scott Pruitt should be removed from his position. He is supposed to head up the EPA. Ignores environmental issues. This WH is a farce.
Same day @realDonaldTrump played golf w/ @LindseyGrahamSC ..............what was that abt Nero & Rome? #California
It's all about the money!
And punishing the states where he doesn't have his base!
A lot.
It's called #science.
Uh huh
Give it up Amy make a statement on Weismein, support ur President!
"Honest Abe"! Ha!
Impeach #donniedaycare please Amy.

Signed,
A constituent #MN03
And Puerto Rico  in humanitarian crisis
Get it over it they received tons of aid stop complaining support ur President!
They did. How can we let this happen? No word from WH on fires.
Maybe if the firefighters took a knee the WH would notice.
Sad but true
You guys need to be kneed really the EPA held up Minnesota and Wisconsin and cost tax payers hundreds of millions of dollars for the bridge
Klobuchar 2020!  Bring honor and dignity back to the WH!
Yes, "DonnieInDaycare" did that.
And no one was surprised.

Despicable.
yes....sigh....this pack of asses did;

no global warming here...
