You presidential canadate was given the debate questions.  #LetThatSinkIn
Keep influencing your colleagues.
They will roll over.  Politics over morality.
We need it sunk, and we need repairs to the ACA.
45 will invite them to the WH and they will change their vote
5 GOP senators making disapproving mouth noises; how much is acting? It’s no time to relax. Bipartisan reform efforts are the way forward.
But let's not forget that 4 of those 5 oppose it because it isn't mean enough.
And McConnell is willing to make it meaner to get support.
Please tell us what Obamacare is doing for any of us. My premiums skyrocket and deductibles are crazy. Don't criticize, participate!
Don't bank on the conservatives they will be thrown a bone and will vote for. #TheResistance #TrumpRussiaCollusion #indivisible
How major would changes have to be for them to change their vote to yes? #realquestion #notsnark
I don't trust them!  They'll be thrown a bone and change their vote.  They've done that before
Keep pushing!
"Don't bet the farm!" We've seen this play before. We have to keep fighting!!
And the House bill was dead then the Freedom caucus got their demands. Little early for celebrating. Don't stop till there are 51 no votes.
on the board against it. This thing is like a horror movie and just when you think it's dead IT COMES BACK.
Horror movie is the right analogy for the Senate GOP health care bill.
Because people will suffer and die. @GRRMspeaking doesn't kill this many people in 142 pages.
Too bad 4 of them oppose it because they think it should be worse. Doesn't say much for the rest of the GOP senators.
Don't rest on your laurels. Keep fighting as if you needed more votes than you think you do. Train like an athlete.
Now don't let a "compromise" with some bullshit amendment make it okay for these five @SenateGOP to change their mind. #HealthcareBill
Don't stop now as 4 are willing to negotiate. Let's defeat this BIG STYLE
Amy, please think! Destroying our economy for political gain by a party is an obsession of the liberal left! You don't care about us!
Enough, troll.
Jan, hope you slept well. Your service women and men, police, fire, and medical alert folks were available.
Not impressed Klobuchar and elections speak
Keep up the pressure Amy, #StopTrumpCare  they will stop at nothing to "win" and hurt the weakest among us. So glad you are my Senator!
Not  help fix it. Just  break  it? Thanks  for  thinking  of  yourselves . More months  being  broke . You   voted  for   it. Fix it. Clue?
Only 5? Unbelievable!
This bill was put together without consulting major healthcare organizations. Why do politicians believe they are healthcare experts?
I hope it will sink!
I think they're bluffing. They'll fall in line.
Praise God! 
Keep the pressure up!
Don't be complacent! As a constituent I ask you to keep fighting this terrible bill.
CITIZENS MUST RAIL AGAINST THIS CRUEL ANTI HEALTH CARE BILL 
If
That's good. But it's so sad that we have to be happy when others don't like something.
Isn't it a sad day when what should be normal behavior gets touted as news? Bad process should not be rewarded, regardless of bill substance
As long as they don't give in to party politics and "go along" just to please the prez.
MN ranks 49 in School-2-Prison Pipeline, next 2 Miss. MN is NOT a safe State 4 black & Native ppl. What will you do?
Now opposing. Wait to see what happens at the time of a vote. #capitulation
Yeah, but don't let up on them or they'll cave.
I hope it sinks.
not for long. Why did you push Obamacare on us? It was an epic fail. Try doing something for the American people
Amy! Amy! Amy! (And @alfranken) Keep pushing half-normal Republicans to kill this horrid beast! You can do it!
Keep with the pressure, Amy! I called your office today, really nice staffers you've got 
Do you think they are legit, or looking for an Upton-amendment- like fig leaf? My cynicism has reached new heights since the house bill.
I would not count on these reports. This is all a ploy by the GOP and you know this is their way to get to the tax giveaway to the rich.
Thank you for standing in opposition to this bill that will only make things worse for so many. There are still probs to fix; this doesn't
Nope they will change there mind next mind keep fighting ....
Please be careful. We mustn't underestimate the GOP. Must keep up the pressure
ACA was going to reduce costs. Now deductibles are 5, 6, even $8,000! And you like this? Gov should be on the sidelines and not directing!
YAY!!!
2) We know because of your vote, the Obamacare nightmare came to MN. Our former healthcare covered those in need.
1) How about u do something productive to add value with the bill instead of cheer for obstruction, Amy? You're too smart for this tactic
When will you start being for the Citizens who want the Republic to continue based on the Constitution and not transform to a fascist one?
can we trust them?
I figure that you are now running for President and not acting as the Sen from MN anymore. I get that, but am sad that you are deceiving us.
Amy, your political career is over. Follow Nancy's lead and leave for a while. Maybe if you were a citizen again you would see our points!
Amy, when I visit with you face to face u tell me that u will make it right, and then you pull a Hillary and do something else! Are u her?
Watch out for McConnell Sweet Bag 'O Promises 
They found their conscience, perhaps.
Please make sure they keep it that way. Shame there aren't more.
Not an excuse to let up; GOP likely sent out a few ploys to deflate oppositions resolve.
Keep up the Good work @amyklobuchar we need this to not pass!
Thank you for your work fighting this bill! Pls keep going and let us know what we can do.
Don't believe it. This is all theatre. They know exactly how they are going to pass it and make Trump/McConnell seem like heroes.
Most of those will cave. #partyoverpeople
Don't believe any of them. They will come under the wing of Mitch in the end. It is all song and dance
Amy, you cannot really believe that ACA is actually a good policy, can you? Really? Please extricate your head from the sand!
Keep encouraging them!
Keep fighting Amy!!!
Where is the rationale for going to a fascist form of government? Are you going socialistic like Bernie? Free every thing? Make the ? Pay?
Amy, don't be daft. ACA, MNSure, both are failing to give any form of closure to insurance needs. Govt should never have entered ins busnes!
Business should never have entered healthcare.
i think they're trolling us, what better way to demoralize the resistance than to give it hope then change on the last minute
Spoiler alert: they'll make it meaner and shittier and it will pass with Pence breaking the tie.
Go Amy go!
Sad... because what we already got is sunk!
What will the drug advertisers do?  Nobody can afford to talk to their doctors
i hope that's true. if it's yet more gop lies and theater, please resist by withholding consent and/or filibuster by amendment
Until trump calls them into his office and threatens them
A lot of pundits are saying that the GOP "no" votes are simply engaging in theater and they will vote for in the end.
And then what are we going to do, its failing and we are going broke paying for Ocare. What is your plan then Amy and the DEMS. NOTHING!
Amy, please ask @SenatorCollins to get on the record against this. She promised to protect Planned Parenthood. This doesn't.
The media is riding Mr Trump, and not questioning the ACA and the future it brings. Socialism. Fascism. And a globalist totalitarian govt.
Amy, please, hold the vitriol and consider the consequences. ACA has crushed the Citizens, now and if it is not changed, Fascism is result!
But we still need everyone to keep the pressure on and not let their guard down!!
Their talk is cheap. What they say is one thing and then they do the opposite?
Please keep up the pressure!!
When will the Dems take the offensive on the necessary tweaking of ObamaCare?
Amy, what about Collins, etc.?
Lesson from the House bill: make the hardliners happy and the moderates fall in line. I'll believe it's dead when I hear it from McConnell
Your political bias is showing! What about those of us who don't care to have the government tell us what to do? Are the fascists in cntrl?
Don't believe it, if he calls a vote, he knows he'll have enough.. this is all theater..
I agree. We must not stop voicing opposition. Let them know it's the death knell for 2020
Your followers don't think. They just follow like lemmings to the sea! At least show some leadership and help fix the brokenACA!
WADR stay informing the public, pick them phones up again. Nah nah & hey look they losing does more harm than good. #HorribleBillNoLie @AARP
Frankly, don't think Cruz or Paul count. GOP will just cut even more 2please those 2. Heller is probably the only real deal.
Don't trust that number will hold. Need to keep pressure on and get 5 more.
Keep fighting Amy, I am diabetic, and I am not understanding why the GOP wants to kill me.
4 of them will sign on. Not enough. No rest.
Don't want to rain on anyone's parade but...
They will cave Senator. You know that as well anyone. They are craven.
You just want to demean Mr Trump, I get that. But besides that, are you going to help?
Still, we must keep up the pressure! Any or all could change their opposition at any time.
I don't think the gentlelady from Maine is on board either, and come to think of it why would the gentleman from Maine be?
suggest you ask your fellow senators to review what just happened in #Flint folks charged with manslaughter for knowingly causing deaths
@neeratanden surely you're not that naive.  Oppose "in its current form". Plenty of ways to give them changes
Amy for POTUS 2020. Well meaning folks have not yet realized how perfect this choice is.
Oh God I hope so.
Sink it...for now. Many of them find the bill doesn't go *far enough* in rescinding health insurance to those who need it.
And at the end of the day, the @SenateGOP will "allow" 2 who are vulnerable in re-election to vote NO, and @VP will cast tie-breaking vote.
You are following the Progressivism plan to make the US a fascist socialistic nation of fools. We won't have it!
Don't count Cruz, and Lee. The keep an eye on Collins and Murkowski.
I am praying that these 5 have the integrity to stand by their word on a NO vote AND that they oppose the Medicaid cuts to benefit the rich.
Three more would be great!
Yeah!
It's just to get constituents to ease off until Starr Companies, Blue Cross, Johnson &Johnson and other big pharma and Ins deliver donations
We need to double the pressure. R's are known to cave.
We all desperately need this health care bill  to sink!!
It is not health care- it is insurance. Tell the truth - $10,000 deductible is not a fair portion!
Thanks for the optimism, but I imagine they are simply holding out for pork
They're just posturing, they're all a Yes.
ACA, by your own admission is a failed policy! Rid the gov of owning the insurance for 1/3 of the economy - that is fascism!
They will all fall in line at the end, and vote yes. That's what repubs do. Don't be fooled by statements of " concern".
Fabulous
But don't rest easy until it IS sunk - keep calling!!!
But didn't they cry when Pence gave them a pep talk?
They will doctor it up so they can pass it. Why aren't Dems shutting down the Senate like Tom Coburn????!!!!
Gloating that any improvements to the government insurance scam is bad! And u want to be President? Ha! You are a fascist!
@neeratanden @StarTribune Don't bank on it. Their talk is cheap!
Senator it seems irresponsible to encourage complacency among the D base when you know McConnell's going to get at least 3 of these to yes.
We NV voters let Heller know just what we thought his vote should be, esp. after we were not happy with his DeVos vote.
if you could get @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski and @BenSasse @JeffFlake that would be great!!  C'mon folks, AHCA is bad for Americans!
It ain't over until it's over. Please stay vigilant and active making sure #wealthcare continues to sink. It's heartless.
Until McConnell comes with some treats for them. Stay persistent, Senator.
Good if true. But house bill was altered and accepted
Public pressure must be sustained, given that some of these Senators do not think the repeal of the #ACA is deep enough, it's posturing.
We need more but this makes me have hope.
Amy why are you so against a positive approach to getting insurance under control? You forget u work for us, not Dem Party!
Don't be so sure...how much money will McConnell throw set them?
We must ensure they stay committed to their opposition. Partisan politics vs. principles of decency are in play.
Don't believe a word of that. So many loophole statements about "Not in it's present form" & "As it is now constructed".
We still need to call. I don't trust them to actually vote no.
Don't get too excited. Republicans r known to switch votes based on the most miniscule change. It is political theater to them. All planned
The Kill Bill!
They are lying
It's not enough. McConnell will make concessions to win some of those senators back. We need to flip Collins and Murkowski.  Keep calling!
I don't trust them. When push comes to shove, I bet they'll fall in line.
Agree just look at Trump's list of lies... @gop knows they have to pass the death bill BC trump will be out for treason soon.
This is why there is no public hearing. They are pulling Medicaid from children.
I don't think you should retweet this. We know they are opposing it in name only. They will get some BS sweetener & fall in line
Those 5 are just talk.... they'll ask for a few small changes and then push it through! @GOP cannot be trusted!
Please don't underestimate McConnell.
Not enough to get excited about yet.
But there is no way Cruz or Johnson or Lee actually vote against it when the time comes.
No one believe Cruz has the guts to oppose Trump and cost him HC victory. He is Trumps poodle
More please
