we need you and other @SenateDems to stand up against the Oligarchy! When are you going to show courage? Will you do nothing??
you arr such a.lying havk
.
Still waiting on the report about the DNC establishment "influencing" the primaries.  #Superdelegates #DNCLeak
what can we do as citizens ?  I read this and am more terrified than ever
@summerbrennan Its a cout d'etat. I don't understand why you don't fight back. Dems are wimps.
Well, @amyklobuchar was just on a bipartisan mission to visit Eastern European allies with McCain and Graham.
She should be shouting coup d'etat *3 M votes *Russians *Comey *purged voters 
Reg ppl think elex legit.
Need to predictate my subjects and verbs better in tweets.
Thank you for all you do for the American people.
2015 State Dept HRC Private Server
what r you all going to do about trump? He misleads, lies & is erratic unsuitable for the office
.@amyklobuchar Nahh...reading the sharing the @DNC hacked emails is so much better.  @nytimes
2012 Election
all Americans should be outraged. No one should attend his "inauguration". #notmypresident
Following this reasoning to its conclusion doesn't bode well for HRC or POTUS. 

http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_586f6742e4b0a5e600a789c7 …?
classified file shows that there were some hacked machines in Wisc.and  PA i know kuz dt said there wasn't..liar
Your husband looks like George Constanza.  As Elaine told him...

"Your BALD!!!!"
Losing SUCKS. Trump won as we deplorables are sick of the PC Liberal media.  We spy on Germany and got caught. Is that O.K.?
Any what about the content of those emails?The awful things the DNC did, what they did 2 Bernie, how they conspired with CNN!
Please stand strong. @realDonaldTrump is an illegitimate president, not loyal to US, possible traitor.
oh the mendacity.
fake news.. the password is "PASSWORD"
You should be helping new Congress fix Obamacare, reduce taxes, cut regs, create jobs, secure borders, defeat terrorism...
help us stop DJT. Please
Thank you for speaking up today - RIGGED by Russians is unacceptable. #illegitimatePresident #PutinsPuppet #ElectionFraud
look at the Chinese an north Korea
I don't believe in the ny times because they leaked secrets out
it happened in the 2008 election...but now it's a problem.  LET IT GO
2014 White House Russian Hack
So why dont you answer the question why the US has attempted to influence elections in other countries more than 81 times???
TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  watching your vote!
Speaking of "hacks", Americans demand term limits.  Serving in congress should be a patriotic privilege, not gravy a train.
why no objection to electoral votes. will rethink voting for you if there is no move to get rid of Trump
I have. I am horrified. #2018startsNOW #activism
lov ya Amy but please get dems to get him out!
It's time. Please ask the question: Did Trump collude with Putin to get elected?
Amy ask PP where the "Secret"  intel is. How can we believe anything he says will come??
Reading and nearly weeping. #mourningforAmerica
Not an intelligent report. Trump campaign was a shit show & he still won bc DNC rigged primary w/ no Bernie. Grow up!
senator,obstruct everything they try to do
So the Russians influence the election by helping leak the non mind bending, non election altering truth in DNC emails.
I wish one of the senators would have stood up today
and where is the outrage for foreign influences that actually did have an impact on the election.
Thank you Amy. Posted on my Facebook.
wow, I don't think anyone who has responded so far has actually read the report! No surprise there.
Thanks for the report link.
If #Trump supporters are astute enough, they know Russia won't be hacking without motive like affecting Presidential election,
And tRump flat out lies about what we can read with our own eyes. Any republicans calling him out on that??
Wish you could subpoena @realDonaldTrump income tax returns to see if there is any connection with Russians.
glad this is finally coming to light but how does this not warrant a new election? #riggedelection
please start fighting back!  The dems and patriotic Republicans have GOT to stand up!
@summerbrennan not one dem senator today! Furious, grow spines please!
when are #Dems going to realize they lost because the party is out of touch? Why try blaming #Russia ? It's pointless
Don't you wish you had joined House Dems challenging electoral vote?
@DaveCrooks1 @nytimes why waste time on this?
Doesn't matter who did it...it showed how devious and dishonest the left is. This whole thing is a side show waste of taxes.
@cjchivers Without crooked US politicians hiding secrets, this never could have happened
You get that the hack of DNC/Podesta was just ONE angle they used to influence the outcome right?
Sure, but the other angles were small potatoes by comparison.
Rt cuz deploying army of trolls on social media - smear campaign of HRC - 2divide & oppress Dem/HRC voters is "sm potatoes" 
"The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars [nor in the Russians] but in ourselves"
@summerbrennan @nytimes "Im gonna need to see Russia's assessment of this before we move forward" -@realDonaldTrump
Thank you for standing with us.HRC did not lose election it was stolen.DT is involved,Flynn being paid by Russia
Something is going on that @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @amyklobuchar are  quiet today. Hv they been disciplined?
Amy we need a new election. Something needs to be done.
An important read!  And now an independent commission ASAP! #benedictdonald #treason
why didn't you fight back today? Disappointed in you :(
any honest, principled Republican should find this profoundly upsetting and should be regretting their vote tonight.
@summerbrennan @nytimes He is Putin stooge, helped w Russian $ and Manafort Paige etc. you should have joined Reps to stop him
If they did, it would seem to be payback for @HillaryClinton meddling in his election.
YES! What are Democrats doing about the election being stolen by the Russian influence?! Trump will destroy us. Fight
this is truly upsetting...and makes it feel like a false win and the majority of US voters-65,844,610 losing their voice
@HerMillennials @amyklobuchar true. Support NATO in danger. Putin is a world danger @SenSchumer @RepKarenBass
@JustinTrudeau Bravo!!
Where's the report on the DNC rigging of the primary against Bernie? With corruption like that, why even have elections?

...and the Russians are upset that they couldn't help @HillaryClinton win? #sarcasm @amyklobuchar
important information. Keep on this for us Senator
