It was good to hear that AG Sessions is willing to work w @MarkWarner & me to strengthen disclosure requirements for online ads.
Woohoo happy to see the leader of my homestate doing right by #america #minnesotan
Oh that's great. Congratulations.
Because Sen McCain is a true patriot.
@SenJohnMcCain is putting the country first by setting an example for ALL Republicans to follow. #DemForce
Good start
Wish @SenFranken would make Sessions define "improper" cuz self-righteous,#TreasonWeasels have a long held belief ANYTHING they do IS proper
Thanks
Thank you! It just makes sense that political ad disclosure rules are the same across all media. @Facebook would be evil to oppose this.
Hey stupid we wanted @realDonaldTrump to be @POTUS nothing influenced us more than your loser candidate LMAO not Russia!  Ignorant!
Bring back all protections against propaganda! Make it illegal to broadcast ANY Gov generated propaganda inside US!
Sorry, not sorry: WILL NEVER TRUST LIAR RACIST CHARLATAN JEFF SESSIONS.  He will only work to cause chaos and collapse.
Why would we trust Sessions to do anything but resign?Hes a disgrace.Smug power monger, fool.
Regular order!
It’s amazing to me how few Republicans are interested in protecting the integrity of our elections.
Continue to be amazed at what Amy is doing in DC.
Thank you the bipartisan work you are doing. I hope congress will begin to model your bipartisanship leadership
have him join the retirement community
@SenJohnMcCain needs to step down.
#republikkkans are doing this to still try to repeal and replace
Love You Both! More Importantly RESPECT!
Protecting our elections takes true Americans.  Sad that Ryan/McConnell/Trump/Pence have not shown those values at all.
keep up the good work, Amy. nice to see some bipartisanship.
THANK YOU @SenJohnMcCain
Thank you and good luck!
@MarkWarner Sen McCain is not from other side. Repub is only what he calls himself. Doesn't make it real.
Sure of that ? McCain can't be trusted , might give another thumbs down. 
Super.  Nation wide voter ID I assume?  That is what is required.
Great. Surprised that you got AG to cooperate
Thank you Senator Klobuchar! Congress will have to protect us. @POTUS won't!
Oh Amy, don’t turn your back on Jefferson B Sessions. Bi-partisan is not a concept he understands.
Thank you.
You’re far too kind to AG Sessions
Easy fix - Voter ID card. Too easy, huh?
I found that response as sincere as the rest of his testimony.
Gotta do something about Russian hacking & bots before next election.Why is Sessions so against that? Sounded today like he doesn't believe.
I would guess for the same reason did Rex Tillerson did not utilize the $80 million allocated to the State Department to investigate & prevent Russian hacking?
Great to have some bipartisan action for a change!
How about stepping up and admit that the Russian collusion narrative is and always was a lie.
I wouldn’t trust Sessions ever again after he lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee. #Russia #ImpeachTrumpNow #Resist
That's GREAT!  Keep up the hard work, Senator!
What will you say when the details of Obama/Clinton election interference and influence come to light? Defend it due to being a hypocrite?
Turncoats
Yawn.  @linnylovesbeed is a #TЯЦMPtroll with lots of BOTs in its network.  Respond accordingly
Yes indeed. Now more than ever we need to unify and face our collective challenges hand in hand. Thank you for speaking truth to power!
I believe he joined your party the day president trump won the g o p primary
Damn. I was hoping you were announcing that he was retiring
I would be ashamed to have McCain’s name affiliated with anything today. He’s ruining his good name all for petty jealousy.
Don't trust Sessions
I can't believe you trust John when he is definitely deep state . #CORRUPT
I love the way you make Sessions so nervous 
Sessions isn’t nervous, he gets huffy and the entire committee lets him off the hook. We are the ones who should be nervous.We’re in trouble
@MarkWarner Senator John McCain #MAGA
For the good of the people or because he dislikes Trump ? McCain has flip floped alot since Trump became president !
Your best bet is to MANDATE the IRC change 501c exemption criteria back to original Cong. language from "primarily" to "exclusively"...
Strong work!!!
Don’t believe a word he says!
working together to maintain our world if we stop the russians maybe we can help other countries to be protected. americans working good. 
Amy thank you for always being willing to reach across the isle and do what is best for everyone, your leadership is always appreciated.
Jeff Sessions is a little weasel so be careful and don't trust him.
Great Accomplishment!!!!
Thank you.
