There is no proof the russians were involved . You are an idiot
tell us that when the investigation is over
please keep.up.the fight for what is right.
China hacked 50 million Americans. Sanders against banks exporting America's money to China. Did DNC stop Sanders for China ?
At no time in your time in the Senate have your responsibilities been more clearly defined and as important to fulfill.
Please please work to prevent gerrymandering- that is what gave us a Republican stronghold- that MUST end!! Fair voting!
thank you!
Please keep at it!
Stay on this...so important
Please keep the pressure on! Thank you!
Thank you! I'd love to see you run in 2020!! Or sooner if we could get rid of this whole lousy bunch of WH traitors. #Resist
thank you, thank you, THANK YOU for your courage and leadership. Proud you're my senator!
Thank you! Investigate #Trump #Russia #romance and #impeach! We need #TaxReturns ... enough is enough! #President #PinkSlip
maybe to fill up ur time, make it look like u doin in something , give it a break!
Thank You
Thank you!
Our Democracy most certainly does depend on it!  Thank you for your tenacity!!
you betrayed all Minnesota. Voters when you backed Clinton.
Stop wasting Tax Payor money!  Your side lost! Now get back to work and do something productive!  Sick and tired of pandering!
We must see his taxes!
don't let him get away with distracting by blaming the FBI.  how can he exclude some media? someone call him out? PLEASE? sick
Thank you Amy!!!
Please, investigate into the hidden
 "Trump = Joseph Bannon" doctrine, "To bar the Media
To dissolve the Constitution"
thank you!
First stop supporting the allowing of men to use the girls bathroom with our little girls. U have gotten to radical left
Why are you against Extreme vetting used to protect us from terrorists entering  USA. This Resist everything is Unamerican
You should be leading 100 senators. What excuse could the other 74 have?
please keep up the pressure
thank you, Senator!
no.  Wag a dog.  There is some real evil yes but trump cares.  Why else would 1 leave their posh to go get vitriol?
I remember Obama  telling Puitin after he gets relected he will have more power , love a hot mike
Thank you. Only 26 though? We need all Senators on board with this!
If you refuse the help of the FBI and ignore repeated FBI warnings there's not much else to be done. Blame lies at DNC feet.
Thank you for this. It must happen.
So very important. Do not give up on the Russian Connections.
Well if the Super Delegates would've had Bernie be your candidate instead of Hillary and her scandals U probably would've 1
please also investigate who is leaking the text of calls from the White House to the press. Serious security breach.
Thank you!
Thank you, Amy! <3
lead the charge!
administration of Russian operatives insulated by republican Nazi party. Fix it or the public will French revolution.
but who will stop the DNC from mass voter suppression and rigged primaries?
This political hack needs to be replaced
That s false, you only resort democracy when you are the losing side. Your party is intolerant, anit-free speech.
Thank you!
Getting and investigation started is one thing... getting one that's honest, given the current climate of corruption??
you go!
thank you!
That is a lie, that is not true, those who do not believe for anything, fall for everything. That is a false
Thank you Senator this is # one priority. Investigate POTUS & associates past & present collusion. #russiagate #CyberWar
thanks Amy, all our democracies depend on stopping Russian cybersecurity threats, #Poutine wants to rule the world his way
Minnesota is misrepresented by two hard left political hacks, and they need to be replaced
Were there any Republicans in that group?  Thank you for your efforts and years of service. You are one of the good ones.
instead of being appalled by Russia, stop our own manipulation in foreign elections. Hypocrisy at its finest.
Is that false narrative the only thing they have. It is this what is left of the vanquished former democratic party
yes !  Keep up the fight!
what fight are your talking about. She is a a left wing political hack
can you please lead the charge to demand a release of DT taxes
@RepErikPaulsen Thank you. Please ask Sessions to recuse from any investigation.
You need to get life and win elections, you are repudiated by the American people.
Thank you, Senator. Too bad the @GOP will do everything they can to avoid this.
Thanking this political hack for what
no it doesn't
Thank you!
needs to be more than 26, but its a good start.
Thank you, Senator!
She is a political hack
it would be nice if you would put as much effort into more meaningful tasks such as tax reform and immigration reform.
careful about what think is meaningful, this is important. I'm sure she is working onboth you mention when can
Thank you.
proud to be Minnesotan, proud of you, madame senator!
Not at all, time to replace these political hacks
Thank you @amyklobuchar for not letting this very important issue go.
keep up the fight senator!!  We at least deserve answers!!
thank you
Deplorable if you go to PolitiFact you will learn that Trump was telling a lie when he said Hillary sold uranium to Russia.
Thank You!!!!!!!
HALLELUJAH!
keep it up! Don't stop questioning this con man.
Thank you!!
Thank you Amy for being part of the 26 GO MINNESOTA !
What is ur position on an INDEPENDENT investig into Russian infiltration & Trump's COIs? Public WILL hold Congress accountable
did Trump sell uranium to Russia?  Nope it was Hillary.
Thank you!!
She is an ultra-left political hack, and she was to be replaced
Should be 100 ? Did 74 Senators not take the oath to uphold the Constitution ?
Thank you Senator.  Whatever We the People can do to help, please let us know!
Thank you for leading and continuing this fight. I become more scared daily about US future...
did Russia ignore the Benghazi request's for help?
all Dems?
How can I help? Keep pushing Amy!!!!!
did Russia put the illegal server in Hillary's office? Did Russia smash her devices with hammers?
Thank you! Wish you were still my senator. Iowa contingent is awful!
why do smart people continue to refer to our Republic as a much inferior Democracy?
She has to be replaced
We can't keep letting Trump get away with doing nothing while saying "We're going to get the best people on it. The best."
Thank you.
thanks
Thank you!
