Proud that you and @SenFranken are always accessible to Minnesotans.
Earlier, i tweeted both of your Senators to see if they were amenable to a 2020 run.  Please forgive my rudeness to Minnesotans.
Withhold Unanimous Consent on AHCA.  Else, your words are empty.
Give it up.
Or, to some, the perfect time.
And that "some" is the group with the power.
GOP is hiding from its constituents, running from reporters--- what do you have to hide McConnell and Ryan?? Is it money your pacs got??
always follow the money paper trails
Keep at them Senator!!
That's exactly the reason they are restricting the press, so the senators won't have to answer questions. It's disgusting.
NEED to see the health care bill
Can you show us the Dem bill?
Sure. It's called the ACA. Now that GOP has had eight years, don't you think it's their turn?
The ACA that's collapsing nationwide?  That's all you got? No fixes?  No improvements? Nothing?
What fixes are in the AHCA?
Like you did when Obama said you have to approve it befor you can see it , the. Took a back room deal to exclude yourself hypocrite
So what happens if they continue as usual?  They're bullies, just bluffing. Which network wants to get coverage and pay fine?
Dear Sen. K, aren't you excited about the "Misery, I mean Mystery " McConnell Health Care Extravaganza?  I have goosebumps!
Healthcare being disembowled behind closed doors -GO$ only!
FIRE GO$ !!
agreed.
Glad we have you in DC!!!!   How can we help change this?   How can I help?
Did you care when Pelosi keep Obama care secret? "Pass it to find out what's in it".
what can ppl lk me who live in a state w/ 2 dem senators do to stop the cruel, ppl killing #ahca bill from being hustled thru Senate?
Yadda, yadda, blah blah blah. the parsing of disclosure sticks in my craw.
Where were you when Obama went after the AP & Fox?
Republicans cowardly behavior d/t fact they're harming the American ppl & institutions & don't want to answer for their actions. Pathetic
Trump is trying to shut down the free press and fill the USA's Justice Dept w/ ppl who r personally loyal to Trump and not the law.

Scary.
Those stats came from the Pew Research Center, hardly a right-wing bunch. So who's trying to shut down whom?
Agreed but the press is not truth. They follow story lines for increasing viewership so they can make money. And politicians fight for power
Unemployment 
Confidence 
Yet - Media R's D's I's fight POTUS & middle
Why is that?
Thanks for standing up for the First Amendment, the media's right to do their jobs, and the people's right to the truth!
Honestly, did you read the PPACA? Talk about secret, Iowa may not have any individual plans in '18. You read the PPACA & voted 4 it. SECRET!
Keep the "people's house" open to all people & conversations !!
You actually have more pressing business to attend to than whining MSM "journalists." Truth.
It seems unconstitutional
Many think it is....between witch hunts, partisan obsession to try to destroy this admin at all cost.  Most media is out of touch/0 honesty
So far the only criminals revealed from the Russian Investigation are Obstructionist Lynch, Spying Obama and unmasking Rice.
More smearing innuendo, half truths and lies for Dems.There was no collusion, perjury or obstruction, just disgrunteled Dems&complicit media
Obama created the collusion accusation to excuse his spying on&unmasking of Trump World.Dems have used that lie to undermine our President
Run for president, senator!
Save our country. PLEASE.
Dems should now hold ALL interviews, eagerly, on steps outside. Show them we don't hide!
Get all dem senators put in the hall.  #RESIST
Russia Russia Russia.
If I didn't know better this sounds like a soap opera- As the WH Turns! Days of our Lives! All my Congresswomen!
pro illegals gop/dnc/senate/congress/public union/state should cut their huge pensions,since they exempt themselves from refugee upkeep cost
Reminisent of Obamacare meetings. Making a fool of yourself Amy.
outside western countries are less regulations!paris treaty only makes cost of sustain social benefits more expensive=dilute citizen benefit
Then you and all Dem Senators should state en masse that you simply will not obey this rule ..  this is why Dems lose .. this. is. why.
Go get 'me Amy!!
dnc has help mexico hack elections in their favor by daca/uca,destruction of Cali prop 187, those on taxpayer salary deserve pension cuts
That's exactly why they're doing it. Too bad they don't appreciate public disfavor!
dnc import illegals to rig elections,they let other countries abuse  daca/uca,they use taxpayer money to defend it. all to suppress citizens
I really really don't like the words (secret) health care bill. It makes me think something shady is going on.
Thank you for standing up for our democracy!
oh there are plenty of places to interview it does not have to be in the halls.
I hope you and other senators will keep up this fight!
Thank you for taking fast action.
I question the timing of this and request an investigation into why this restriction has been issued.
Are you saying that time is coming?
Not you too Amy! We've got enough @CNN talking-point vomiters with @BettyMcCollum04 & DC/NY non-MN clowns with @alfranken. #replaceUwithRED
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr what are you hiding?
I just tried to call the main comm mtg number and it has been busy. This attempt to stifle the 1st Amendment is appalling.
Shut! It! Down! Slow business to a crawl, show us dems are doing something.
any answers yet, Amy?!!!
This is unacceptable.
#PublicComment
So, do something about it.
The audacity to utter the words "secret" and health care bill are astounding. Remember who said, "we must pass it to find out what's in it."
Thank you Senator, for helping encourage democracy.
Its beyond fucked up that we should find it to be exemplary, but here we are.
Minnesota has the BEST Senators in the Senate. Makes me wish I lived in MN.
That's exactly why they are doing it. Limiting access means limiting information.
The GOP can't handle the new interest that the people have in politics.  The downside of electing a wannabe dictator.
Thank you. BTW I heard you speak at my brother's commencement at Wayzata the other day & you were inspiring.
@Stowydad who's trying to limit press access @mncapitol?
Not acceptable. This is the people's business and the people's house. 
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski pls make sure smart @SenateDems women get read in on health care bill. We need all the best minds at work.
"(secret?)"?!?
SECRET!!!
No unanimous consent until the AHCA bill gets a full public debate! You and @SenFranken must stand for us! #MNvoter
You let the fbi pick the president, so its a police state, they deport their political enemies and limit access, what better time?
Obstruction of truth.
With respect, senator, there is no need for question mark. McConnell is shepherding an utterly nontransparent, undemocratic #AHCA process.
NOT the first time, either!
Health care did not pass in the Senate not enough votes not even for pence to cast a tie vote. Thank you senate
Sorry Mrs. Klobuchar, they are going to make Congress a Trump Compound. By invitation only!
@RicheyCassidy Whatvarevthe ides he's working under the direction of @SenateMajLdr trying to hides the GOP #DoesntCare bill?
Capitol switchboard: (202) 224-3121 #retweet #journalists #showusthebill #washington #senate (Img credit @Celeste_pewter) #follow
A proud and ethical @gop wouldn't dream of trying this. We see them.
What is going on?  Has the Senate Rules Committee staff not read the 1st Amendment?  "Congress shall pass no law ...".
They don't want us to know what GOP is up to. Pass through horrible healthcare in secret. They are a heartless law breaking group.
Thank you from all of us taxpayers
No. It's outrageous.
