Amy the Problem is Trump. All of this years problems have evolved around Trump and this will continue until he destroys our country.
Respectfully, they were around long before Trump. Trump is the most obvious symptom of the GOP's degeneracy, not the cause of it.
True, but Trump multiplied it bay about X1000
Not sure I wholly agree. He's been mostly corrupt and inept. But the real damage seems to be coming from Congressional Republicans.
Yes they are the ones who do the most harm, and they just need Trumps signature.
True. That's the biggest problem with him. He's just a rubber stamp to an incredibly destructive agenda.
Right, the R's want to reward their rich campaign contributors.
All politicians want to do that. This is more sinister. They're willing to do anything to prove they've done *something* to repeal Obamacare
Pardon my language, Senator, but fuck the compounds. I'm far more concerned about whatever is going on with #ahca. I'm absolutely terrified.
My daughter has a pre-existing condition as a premie. My wife has PCOS, which has higher instances of cancer. And me? I'm bipolar.
All of these could be made unaffordable with #ahca. So while the Russia stuff is infuriating, it's not nearly as scary as losing coverage.
How about legislation to protect our elections? Are you doing anything about that?
Amy, is there anything that can be done about the GOP keeping the healthcare bill secretive?  Will all congressmen get to see before a vote?
And they are trying very hard with distractions so we aren't questioning.  Like the whispering about firing Mueller....
How many votes do you think were switched by Russia's involvement?Has the US ever interfered in another countries election?You ok with that?
1) No US senator has, to my knowledge, alleged that votes were altered or affected. And definitely not Amy Klobuchar.

2) Why would she be?
How did they interfere?  Be specific.
Do not return the compounds. They made threats on Twitter through their embassy. That not how the U.S. works. We don't give in to threats.
@missb62 what more proof of trump being a #Russian tool do you need people???
At the very very least
I'm still waiting for the proof they interfered. I hear a lot of Gibberish and mouth running but that's it. Show me how they interfered
How. Amy How did they? No one ever provided details.
There are  lots of details. Publicly available. Doesn't hurt to do a little research before joining a conversation.
Obama & DHS tried to interfere in elections!
I realize these are arguable points, but I could convince you if there was enuf space:-) Russia hacked our election. GOP shrugs shoulders.
And this is why conflicts really are a problem. If Russia threatens to seize Trump property, he won't act in America's best interest.
I would turn them into animal shelters
At a very, very minimum, we need to make a strategic trade, not a handout.  Thanks for your tireless work for America and Minnesota, Senator
Wasserman interfered with your democrats election. Where were you calling for consequences?
Unfortunately, primaries are party elections. Not much can be done. But not the same as presidential elections and foreign interference
Charlie, we need u in DC asap. The dems refuse to say or ask direct questions and the 4th estate has abdicated their responsibility.
Show ONE instance where they interfered with the election. Jill Stein's retirement fundraiser destroyed that line last year.
I wonder: is this 45's special thank you to Putin, or is it his special finger to 44? Either motive is bad.
Absolutely stop
Please impeach that man who calls himself a leader!
New free and fair elections must be held #nullify #NewElection #RussianCollusion
Agree! Thanks so much for your support, I am proud of the work you do for MN and the nation.
What are you doing to represent the State of MN today?
With respect, Senator, what are you doing about it? The constituent wants to see you fight for us. Fight AHCA. Fight corruption. Filibuster
Doesnt seem like something to do while their murderous fascist meddling dictator in charge, no.
Can we give back Trump? ("Here ya go -- he's all yours!")
GOP Koolaid. Trump was right, he could shoot someone and you Trumpets would still love him.
That's nice. Please block the AHCA
Great! Let’s start with who was responsible for ensuring the integrity of the election. That would be the Obama regime, yes?
we don't need them on our soil!
Thank you for this... keep strong but also don't let your peers silently pass the AHCA. We need you strong on that too this week.  from MN!
Foreign entities have been interfering in elections since elections existed.  You only care because your failing policies are being exposed
Obama was the worst offender at interfering in other countries elections
BS. Eg: Reagan.
Maybe #TheResistance can help raze them? #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Heres a news flash for all ignorant democrats- the Russians have interefered in every election in our country, shutup people and get clue
I agree with you senator
How exactly?
Kick Sessions ass tommorrow!
We should demolish them. Take the option of them getting the compounds back off the table permanently.
Damn straight!
- So petty. Meanwhile USA uses Russian engines to launch US *military* satellites

#Russia #Putin
Well Said!!!!
Russia hacked our democracy and there should be outrage! But @POTUS ignores so his cabinet can glorify him.
That may have not technically been an act of war, but its close enough that I'm not sure I can tell the difference.
Enough with the Russia BS @amyklobuchar.  Maybe focus your energy on the #dnclawsuit
I agree.  Congress needs to exercise oversight over Trump.
Thank you.  Please more people in congress must speak out against Russia attacking America.
How did Russians attack exactly?
I knew something was Fishy during the Election night 
Send their spy ambassador home.
So start bringing in those in charge of previous admin.  They were in charge when this occurred.
Absolutely, positively, under no circumstances should the compounds be returned. Completely treasonous if you ask me.
It's a start but a lot more needs to be done about Russian interference, Senator.
not No, but ....
HELLNO
THANK YOU Senator. You are right to question this!
Agree! Thank you for fighting.
Better yet lets sell them and donate the funds to the Russian patriot Alexei Navalny for his resistance against Putin. AntiPutin Russians
Thank you, Senator!
They did?
should rescue the at risk gay Chechnyan men and let them live in those compounds as safe houses.
Naive and stupid
Absolutely agree
Good! My family and I were looking for a nice summer rental. Either one, would be more than acceptable. Family discount's available?
There is a great deal we "shouldn't" be doing or ACCEPTING - we, the people aren't".  It's the damn GOP & WH.  We are living a "nightmare"!
Oh please, don't we have enough drama & hyperbole?  Get to work already, quit stalling cuz elections happen.
You must be blind!!
Proud Minnesotans standing with you Senator
No way not all of us, do ur job Amy support ur Pres !
I said 'Proud' and Minnesotan, Russiabot 
