Yes. Engaging with a foreign power during a national election. It will b interesting to read the spin on this. Spin ninjas working overtime.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlIhYFKkX08 …
What about Hillary meeting with ukrianians , not just her staffers,change the rules for presidential candidates ,senator and news outlets
This was okay. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WjIUspA-CE&list=PLno94WAHs0MHYO26KhSTF_eRUeVZz471T&index=2 …
Your a sad hypocrite just like the rest of the politicians in DC. U and your cronnies have been digging for dirt since the decline in DNC
Thank you for being so articulate on the Russian/Trump Russian connection on Morning Joe.
But you were okay with all of this? You people really make your own rules.
When will justice be served? You seem too busy slamming our President. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8riqQHMCh78 …
The American People would LOVE IT Too.. Thanks @DonaldJTrumpJr for being real, like us... The American People!!
New York Times is Fake News.....
Smoking gun. Proof that Trump campaign was open to collusion with Russians. They can blame Hillary, Obama, etc. all they want.
Who is Rob Gladstone and why was he writing about Russian Dirt on Clinton?
You all protected Clinton, Comey and Lynch.
I can.... I do not care about this story.  Try getting back to work and actually doing the nations business and getting crap done!
Thank you Senator. @mngop are you going to step up to the plate since your national colleagues aren't in denouncing this? MN voter asking
cold war is over lady. Manifort was not the manager at the time, Kushnar reported the meeting and Jr. didnt need to report it. get over it
What is next step Senator? If @GOP will not protect America, Dems must. Time for should shrugging/new norm is over. Please act. Thank you.
*shoulder shrugging
So, you never or your staff never Thought mmmm need to keep that for later use..good dirt?   Ukraine + Clinton = Silence
Ukraine dirt on Trump and Hillary said: we don't love it? C'mon. You are all hypocrites.
So, when Jeb Bush cousin came 2 Clinton & said he had secret recording made behind closed bus doors, dirt on Trump, they said no thank you?
Hillary Clinton received a great deal of money for her champagne from Russia. She also received  lots of champagne money from Muslim states.


Obstruction and election interference.
This was, as well.
What would you expect him to say? He's the candidate's son. Of course he'd love it.
So when do your @GOP colleagues get beyond being "concerned" and start acting?  We want action!
His father must be so proud.
I certainly wish someone would add an indictment...
I bet the worst part for Trump is that his Fredo of a son out-trended him on Twitter these last two days.
Yes they do. If they were contacted by Russian representatives in connection with hacking & did not report it immediately, that's collusion.
What's the next step legally? Doesn't this prove collusion? Isn't there a law regarding interfering with an election?
They need to all be gone from the WH! They are just in it for themselves
#highqualityperson
Wow, thank you for looking out for Minnesotans. Please encourage @RepErikPaulsen @RepJasonLewis & @RepTomEmmer to do the same.
Sounds similar to the dirt that access Hollywood tape, the fake sexual assault victims, and the Faux Dossier that Clinton undoubtedly encour
Not to mention the aid they got from Ukraine......   ironic that CEO of Crowdstrike in Ukrainian and was the only one to review DNC server?
#HeHasTheCode who has the power to change it? #NowIt'sScary
You could add quite a bit.  What was the Russian dirt?  Was there any?  Is it the same as American dirt?  Whole story please.
Bigger issues:  HRC's "pay-for-play" with Russians while Sec of State, DNC not cooperating with FBI regarding hacked e-mail server
It's a #GreatBigRussianTrumpBurger !!!
If he wanted dirt on HRC, should t he be speaking to China?
It's called campaigning.  Did the DNC work with Ukraine?
Stop Pandering this is the biggest NOTHING BURGER your side has come up yet! Laughable!!
They should all be removed, a panel of past presidents put in power, and a new election held with hand counted paper ballots.
Jr. releases his emails to public and you cry. Clinton deletes 33K emails and not a peep. Amy your a great senator but give me a break.
Thank you for standing up for us against this tyranny.
And your point?  You act as if though you wouldn't do this or any of your colleagues haven't.  Let's be real here ma'am.
They are literal traitors, and the chain of succession through Pence and Ryan is also complicit. President Orrin Hatch?
Amy, wondering if their is anything you can do about the mental illness money shortage in the state of Minnesota?
We need to go back to institutions where ppl can actually get help rather than going to Jail! That doesn't help just makes it worse 4all
That's my state senator here. We love you Amy!
I am worried for our nation when a seriously compromised administration has the keys to send so much data to Russia, Middle East or ???
This is why the Dems are a bunch of losers! 
As opposed to trump's minions?
 At least we in 
What in the hell is that supposed to mean?

Spare me the Trump-bashing senator - we hear enough from @BettyMcCollum04 .

When is your seat up for... ohhhhh.... 
get yourself out of the mud. U should b better than drooling over this when u know all campaigns do same crap.
They all collude with foreign powers, especially countries unfriendly to American interests? Then lie about it when required to disclose? No
Have patience People. Going down in flames!!!
Drip drop drip drop
WTP love it too @DonaldJTrumpJr Loose emails sinks ships & lloks like yours is going down. #Titanic
I have a feeling certain federal facilities are checking their vacancies.
Father's Day was coming up.
I'm sure this is just the tip of the iceberg.
Yes. The lie is in what was presented/discussed. This happened after the hack and before the release by WiKi.
r we going to get the dirt?  What if the dirt is she aske Israel for dirt on Trump...would that 'Foreign govt be ok?' A lil consistency, Amy
You'd like her to be consistent about a scenario you just made up?  Well, that would be a challenge...
No.  I'd like her to be consistent in whether or not Foreign Governments should play a part in our elections---via AIPAC or dual citizenship
Can you add that you're working to revoke Jared Kushner's security clearance, Senator?
What is Congress prepared to do in response? #ImpeachTrumpNow
Talk about a family (and administration) addicted to drama. One thing after another. Oye.....they are exhausting! Amy, please make it stop!
Anyone else close to tears!? Pray there will be justice!
Why are your Republican colleagues silent on this? You work across the aisle - isn't there anyone over there who has any integrity left?
So, when will Congress seek to have clearances suspended or revoked?
Weird, since Hillary tried to defeat Putin.
No collusion and he released them for the world to see. Would you prefer he  deleted them like Hillary!
You mean like Kushner and Manafort deleted the meeting from their memories when required by law to disclose them?  No collusion?
We need Mueller to hurry the fuck up.
Opposition research is not a part of campaign said no one ever in politics.
Russians Boris Badenov and Natasha say this is getting comical
This is, literally, an admission to collusion with a foreign adversary to undermine our democracy. Its also literally Treason.
Y....you haven't read the email... have you.
"This is obviously very high level and sensitive information but is part of Russia and its government's support for Mr. Trump" https://twitter.com/DonaldJTrumpJr/status/884789839522140166 …

Is this where you guys are now? No longer collusion or no collusion, but legal versus illegal? Look up the definition of "Treason".
