Re-vote!! Scrap the November 2016 election, & everyone goes back to the polls.
@SenJohnHoeven @SenatorHeitkamp  Looking forward to GOP crash/burn. Lock them up 4 failure to protect USA.
Tip of the "iceberg" in DUMBSTER White House! Ivanka sitting at Oval Office president desk ? at 35?
Flynn is still lying. He had to go, but does anyone believe he acted alone? There HAS to be a full investigation.
I agree. There could be compromise all the way to POTUS.  Demand an investigation, and don't stop, PLEASE
When will you call for an independent committee to investigate Russian involvement in the election and Trump campaign/WH?
pretty sure the whole admin is compromised. How do we get them to be extremely vetted?
LOL next Trump that leaves USA, not allowed back in until honestly answering questions about Russia/Trump ties
Please keep up the pressure and demand a full investigation. The people deserve answers.
Draining the swamp one at a time!
Keep digging this doesn't end here
now for the clean sweep
pl
Please demand an investigation!
Now if only Trump would do the same.
any chance we'll get someone better in there?
thank you, keep digging!!! It's not a democratic issue or republican issue---it's an American issue
Keep up the pressure on disclosure of tax returns, conflicts of interest and other Russian ties.
One down - now let's clean the rest of the swamp! Miller is next - he is scary!
Full investigation please. We know who is really behind this.
we need a full investigation of the Trump admin ties to Russia!!!!!
The enemy of my enemy is not my friend. Those leaking bureaucrats will turn on whomever crosses them.
please work to make sure this mess is investigated fully
not enough. Investigate
this is good news but full investigation needed especially since DOJ informed WH of issues!
how about that? Some accountability, someone lost their job.  Never happened in BHO era.
How much did they know and when did they know it? Put pressure on Jason Chaffetz to do his job and put country over party!
Please -- special investigation on @realDonaldTrump, he knew a month ago and did nothing!
Now it's time for you and your Dem colleagues to launch an investigation, independently if needed, to search for Russian ties
He should be in prison... traitor. He and tRump.
Amy U are going to lose reelection and MN will be a Red State.  U support corrupted politicians
We must continue the Russian investigation. This is only the start
full investigation please!
Lock Him Up!  Lock Him Up!  Remember those words, Comrade Flynn. Remember those words, pal.
he's the fall guy. Don't let this be the end. There IS more to find. Don't rest #resist.
@amyklobuchar @washingtonpost
Not good enough. He needs to be in prison.
I guess "Inadvertently" and "Alternative Facts" are the new definitions for "Lying"  Waiting for Webster to update.
Investigation  is warranted
pls investigate the administrations ties to Russia! Pls don't lose sight of the bigger picture.
The irony of your use of 'traitor' is astounding. Though I imagine love for a Russian despot follows fascism.
Senator, please get to the bottom of this.
What else is going on w DT & Russia. Did they steal our election?
#riseup #resist
the people want real answers.  Keep up the pressure
Hoping for an investigation into the ties to Russia as well as additional security and ethics issues.
that's a start, but far from the end. Still need investigation of #russian influence. #TheResistance
Anyone else feel like we're reliving Iran-Contra with Ollie North taking one for the Gipper?
after all the hemming and hawing about Clinton they just allow this........  Makes no sense.
@gregpmiller Business of gov't needs to shut down until we know what POTUS knew and when he knew it.
Poetic Justice 
For his "Lock Her Up" rant.  We must stay woke.  Investigate. #CongressDoYourJob
We all know.
.@amyklobuchar Get the gang together for an investigation of the century
so he didn't actually apologize for talking about sanctions? Just for lying to Pence? Hmmm.
Flynn lasted longer than I expected
So. Much. Irony. Flynn is the tip of the campaign-berg. Real news will triumph. HOPE is a beautiful thing.
the investigation needs to continue
So much more. We all know. Republicans and Democrats must stop what is happening. Flynn didn't act alone.
what did Pres know and when did he know it
we need an independent investigation of the Trump Russia connection!!
Senator, please help ensure that this does not extinguish the Trump-Russia story. This is tip of iceberg, not end of road.
the extreme vetting news to start with the dons own staff
Please keep digging. Too much smoke around too many Trump people...
Please investigate Russian ties in the White House. There's clearly more to this.
score 1 for the good guys let's get #45
