@rm1268 with all due respect, he colluded with Putin on the hacking,there's more 2 that story&he WILL lift sanctions,just wait
This has to be one of the toughest times to be working in politics. Thanks for all your hard work.
thanks for standing strong! I am proud of your Senator.
define "hacked" it's all bullshit
Russia did NOT hack the election. They may have hacked the DNC. Please state facts & not rhetoric #mn #lies #bettermn
not sure how you ever got elected.
Podesta's password was "password " , Hillary's server didn't have proper security software and was probably hacked. #Fakenews
thank you for stating this.  When possible investigate hacking and hold ALL responsible accountable
Why didn't You demand a New Election for America?! Russia hacked our election and not one politician fought against this! #USA
Please don't tell us to pretend that Trump would enforce sanctions on one of the people most responsible for him winning.

if Vlad was really going to "hack" the elec., he'd do it in Dems favor, not Rs. Had BHO in his vest pocket.l H fits 2 #tcot
hacking was of DNC and only exposed their corruption! NO ACCOUNT of getting to actual voting machines!  #tcnt #stoplying
did you eat a lot of paint chips as a child? #tcnt
oh hacking is bringing out Hillaritys corruption is somehow bad?
THANK YOU. We need you to speak up more like this.
Yes but the hack helped him...it might be pay back
please speak out more. Fight like the Republics do because these actions by Trump are extreme threats to people everywhere
U tell him Lol
We hacked and tried to influence Israel's - where's the outrage st Obama?  We also hacked Merkel's cell phone.
Show us the proof!
how many of Trumo's nominees have you voted to confirm?  We are watching.
.@amyklobuchar you are better than this. "Hacked our election" is misleading at best and 'fake news' at worst. Please don't perpetuate this.
Russia or Wikileaks only exposed how utterly corrupt the Democrat Party is by rigging election against Bernie Sanders
Pres Trump in bed with Putin! Report yesterday about Trump taking Bribe from Russian Oil Company. Emoluments Clause! Take-over of USGovt!
how & when can impeachment proceedings begin? He's violating our rights. Disregarding or Constitution.
He already backed down. Exxon 6million acres in russian tracts. They can do nothing until Tillerson and Trump axe sanctions.
.@amyklobuchar  but .@realDonaldTrump owes Putin a ton of favors now for that same reason
POTUS and Putin both want to destabilize us to bring about change. Is it the same change?
He will not continue with any sanctions!
stop voting for ANY of his appointees! This should be enough to illustrate why.
Our election wasn't hacked.
I think the footage speaks for itself.
Russia helped expose criminal Hillary.
If the tables were reversed, republicans would be loosing their minds. Instead they're rationalizing Trumps actions.
Exactly! I'm so glad he is investigating the voter fraud issue. Do you think he will bust Russia?  How many operatives voted?
what are the dems. in leadership doing to investigate Putin's role in elections?
Yes, I am sure he will be outraged and express his dismay at the outcome. #Resist #POTUS #russiagate #worstpotusever
just like we shouldn't back down from radical Islamic terrorist
My feeling is Amy he will be awakened one morning that there are tanks in poland.  R
How did Putin find out about the assets? That needs investigating. One was found dead. The other disappeared.
So AGAIN, a republican president is expected to immediately fix the mess his democrat predecessor left behind. Figures.
you are comical. Really. To think you are a senator. So sad and embarassed for my country. Only in Mn.
you and the Dems got caught lying and cheating!
@Millennial_Dems But we all know he will. Kiss Ukraine goodbye
but if he doesn't lift the sanctions, he doesn't get his commission from the sale of Rosneft
Is there any country that doesn't hack us? What did you do when China's hack shut our government down? NOTHING.
Amen that!
start standing up. Grow a spine. Earn your supporters vote. Block EVERYTHING!!!!!
But no one seems to care that they did and that it altered the results. Now we are living a daily nightmare for 4 yrs.
your ignorance is really standing out today
#banTrump
when are you going to start holding accountable  biased journalists who blatantly attempted to influence the election?
hmmm. We'll see. Can't say I feel confident
Right down to the Congressional and Gubinatorial level. Good thing you have your 7 county majority in MN.
@Millennial_Dems but 45 is taking guidance from put-in. Americans must get hip to the "fact" this order affects every 1 of us.
@RachelSB What proof?
no they didn't. Enough said
please fight to stop Muslim ban.   Holy moly.  Did you see that little boy who drowned?
@Millennial_Dems lol. I think it is very likely that DT thanked Putin very graciously.
So.....we should be waging a war against wolves??? Get your priorities straight. Shame. On. You. #RESIST
. @amyklobuchar - this is way below your standards Senator. Don't let your party drag you into the weeds...they need you to pull them up.
Saying "hacked our election" doesn't just make you sound stupid. The fact that you CAN’T be THAT stupid means it's propaganda.
No they didn't hack shit. Americans elected Trump they own him.
They are in love. Well at least ONE of them is. Bring back #censorbars
Amy what will you do to ensure DT'S ties to Russia are investigated?
You and people like you have done way more harm to me and my 
American family than Vladimir Putin. @amyklobuchar
He will give him anything he wants..He gave Trump the White House.
@ReallyDontTrump Democrats in Congress need to show us that they are vigorously fighting against Trump. Be more accessible!
u r truly a loon
@cnn @foxnews @msnbc absolutely but those sanctions will go away once marching orders are issued during the call
please define "hacked the election," Senator. Because this is pretty dumb.

This public service propaganda brought to you from the demon-crat party. 
being elected to office does not preclude one from being a fool or a puppet. Which are you?
oh, fixing an election is wrong? Then let's sanction the DNC.
I thought the DNC hacked the primary..otherwise Bernie would be POTUS
@harper9494 bafoonery... How come no one cared until she lost? Did Russia also write the emails? GTFO
Stop the lies, Russia did not hack our election, maybe it was Russia that hacked 
.@johnpodesta emails. Emails were true!
stay strong Senator! Keep telling it like it is.
MN senators @alfranken @amyklobuchar please stop trumps ban of Muslim immigrants this is sickening!  #NoBanNoWall #NoHate
Hacked it like with a knife or something?

Senator, I demand as a US citizen that you do your duty. Immediate press conf. and reveal the proof of this. Hiding it is #TREASON.
if only I felt sure trump & his campaign weren't in cohoots
@KaivanShroff But Trump is just a protégé, the real behind the scene President is Steve Bannon
you know very well no voting machines where compromised, yet you selected words to imply this to manipulate the unsavvy
thank you for representing Minnesota Amy - stand firm for us.
I hope he declares the democrats a terrorist org and puts you in Guantanamo
That is the least of their atrocities against US, the world, and their own people.
and here I always thought you were the more reasonable of MN's senators. The election was not hacked.
How did Russia "hack our election"? Please provide proof or retract. That statement is inflammatory and untrue.
What is wrong with exposing the truth? I say thank you to the hackers. The more truth in our culture the better.
Don't listen to these uninformed bots and trolls. The truth will come out and we will impeach this mistake. Thank you Sen A K
by "hacked" you mean "revealed information that was 100% true"?
Speaking both side of mouth, Russians never hacked polls, it was only DNC emails. Why opposed to voter fraud investigation
is supporting @POTUS call for investigation into 2016 voter fraud. Its good to see some bipartisanship in DC! Thank you!
@realDonaldTrump is in Putin's pocket. He will give in. He's not strong enough to say no #Treason
Where's your proof? CNN
Hahahaha
The US has allowed Russian agression and expansion for eight years under Obama. Holding Putin accountable will be new.
hacking the democrat party's weak email server is not hacking the election. Fake news
the fact is Russia hacked Podesta, Clinton, & DNC emails that were factually sent emails from the 3 stooges! That's the facts
really?  That's what u think?  Should he even be on the phone with putin?
Amy Amy you kind of seemed normal. But not so now.
Not true. / persons assoc with them hacked the DNC & @johnpodesta gave access to his email account himself. Tell real truth
if @realDonaldTrump lifts the sanctions, his alliance to Putin will be shown. Will your @GOP peers support Americans?
serious question: is there a way you can demand a transcript or recording as a Senator? #trump is clearly a Russian puppet!
the "hack" would have had no affect had it not revealed the actual election tampering by the DNC in its own primary, get real
Or he could "tell Vlad that he'll be more flexible to his demands after the election " like BHO did.
You never talk about how your party denied path to victory for Sanders.  Also all the corruption in the DNC. Reasons you lost!
If Russia hacked the election like you said, will you agree to new voter integrity legislation?
hillary's email was impermeable to hacking, dnc wasn't so the election was "hacked".  A poor candidate cost you the election
"hacked our election". WRONG. NO VOTING MACHINES WERE HACKED.
My favorite Russian hack was the Russian's giving Hillary a hacking cough to make us think she was ill.
Ma'am - The election was NOT hacked. DNC email was, HRC sercure server was, NOT the election! Stick to facts! #FAKENEWS
he will do anything Putin asks of him. This week has been awful. Keep fighting!
What specifically did the Russians hack? Which voting machines or scanners? What voting totals were altered?
Will you vote take us to war on evidence this flimsy?
We must independently investigate Trump's ties to Russia. And ensure the IC investigations are allowed to conclude.
Russia hacked the DNC, not the election. #fakenews @amyklobuchar
Jon podesta fell for a lame phishing scam probably perpetrated by Russians. Hardly the same thing as hacking the election
Hahahahahaha
#25thAmendment
I think we are past this, Trump will do as he pleases and Vlad helped him get elected. We are in deep trouble.
cmon you are an elected official. Because Podesta wasn't bright enough to say no to the Nigerian Prince email?
This is rich coming from a Senator that voted for Pompeo. A pro torture director.  #JustUs #StopRedBaiting
IF, big if, Russia had the emails, that means Clinton's unsecured contact w/ POTUS was known to them.
: You should be ashamed for spreading conspiracy without any facts. Show proof of Russian hacking our elections. Else RESIGN.
'Hacked our election', can you expand on that?
Somebody exposed the DNC e-mails... DNC e-mails ARE NOT our election.  Exposing DNC corruption is NOT a negative for USA
Love your rational thinking. There is nothing rational about Trump presidency.
Stop repeating this lie.
No. One. Hacked. An. Election.
the DNC and Podesta's emails were "hacked" by their own incompetence. Sorry that Jim's daughter is so dim
Trump will get well with Putin. Your warmongering ways already lost.
We the people voted for Trump...giving Russia credit is laughable
You might have missed the part where your candidate used RUSSIAN PROPAGANDA  to cheat.
I think he'll lift them faster than vlad the impaler can say you had more people at your inauguration by far
Can you please explain how Russia hacked our election? Your wording is misleading. At best they hacked some emails. Facts?
she's beyond help. She's from liberal Minnesota
There are many proud liberals in Minnesota!!! We do not need help. Thanks!
Where's the evidence of Russian hacking or are you just taking the politicized CIA at their word?
please oppose everything this tyrant does
What evidence do you have that Russians hatched our election and why haven't you shared with intel community? I await your answer.
So then you agree to the investigation being initiated by @POTUS into voter fraud/election integrity? Thank you!
you mean the fraud his lawyers said didn't exist (fyi, it doesn't)
To confirm voting integrity moving forward, an investigation should B welcomed. U know, to avoid further falsehoods.
or to do continue to suppress legitimate voters. And an investigation requires some proof to begin, not conjecture.
So re-counts in 3 states is ok? You cant have it both ways. & due to the recount, MI found:
you didn't read this article either.
I'm sorry, I can't help you w/ reading comprehension. There is enough circumstantial evidence to look further.
got it...So polls are OK when they fit your agenda. When you have some proof of voter fraud let me know.
if Russian meddling in our elections is a threat to our democracy would DNC attempts to meddle also be a threat. #SanctionDNC
Still spreading fake news, eh?  The Dems are pretty pathetic at this point tbh
Hacking the DNC does not equate to "hacking our election." Russian  influence is unwelcome, but that's inaccurate at best.
Since Trump was the beneficiary of said cyber attack, that's highly unlikely
did not hack the election. Leaked actual documents to influence election. Big difference.
God forbid Trump listen to that very same advice from top/experienced intelligence agents who know Russia better than anyone
Russia did NOT HACK THE ELECTION! NSA hacked the DNC & Killery! Brennen & Comey know this!
has he wet his pants yet in anticipation of the call?
Sadly, the idea that Trump would ever stand up to Putin is laughable. Of course he'll drop the sanctions.
when will your congressional peers do something about this Russian plant? Don't give time for them to consolidate.
You need to fight like he** here. Against Sessions, tRump & the whole lot of them. This is past being polite-v scary for all
Russian hacking, 3 million illegals...You're two sides of same coin with Donny. Like Biden said, "it's over."
Russians didn't cause HRC to lose, that was her own fault. Obama was right about her when he ran against her and won. Wise up
@KaivanShroff bigger issue is that Putin got him elected. Trump needs to be investigated
"hacked"
You're from Minnesota so I guess we can't expect too much from you.
they DID NOT hack the election. They hacked an email. Lying is beneath the office you hold
they also hacked the RNC but that info wasn't released.  Odd doncha think?
if Russia hacked the elections. Why did they cheated on favor of Hillary in the Democrats primaries ? 
are you questioning the integreity of our elections? 
@realdonaldtrump When Trump gets on the phone with Putin what he'll say is, "Now can I have those sex tapes back?"
#ShowYourWork
Way to conflate completely different things on purpose instead of using critical thought.
You guys shouldnt allow him to release sanctions.
found a leaked pic of Russia hacking
it's so striking to see how clear Theresa May was regarding Russia vs how @POTUS vacillated. #notstrong
proud that you are my Senator!
"okay, mom." Jesus, he's a Russian pawn...get some help and get him impeached already!
I hate to interrupt a good rant, but we're not a democracy.
Russia elected him, of course he's backing down
But he will Senator. Puppets don't tell their puppeteers what to do now, do they?
"Shouldn't" is so far away from "won't."
With respect, you and Dems are preaching to the choir. You have support among citizens. GOP & Potus are the problem
Agreed, but when he lifts sanctions, will you call for inquiry?
it doesn't get anymore clear than that. Thank you, Sen Klobuchar!  Obviously there's more going on here than tRump will admit.
