For a Senator who comes from a state w a troubled #SOMALIA "suburb", you should know better. You are a pathetic #ZombieLiberal
What suburb you talking about?
It's called "little Mogadishu" in Minneapolis. My brother lived 10 miles from it. It belongs in France.
Have ever been?
No, I don't visit places where I won't be welcome.
You'd be welcome. I hang down there all the time. It's awesome and fun.
Maybe in the summer. Too cold for me now!
Dude. If you ever get this way hmu, it is fun in that neighborhood and I'd be willing to take anyone there.
When are you going to help the homeless & needy Americans? How  much longer will you let them wait? #MAGA
thank you for speaking up for what's right.
Thank you for your action. This is what we need. #nobannowall
thank you for working hard for us and for democracy!
Yes repeal# targetting refugees
What about this?
Thank you.
SHAME ON YOU FOR NOT PROTECTING AMERICANS FIRST! 
They are Americans. And those who aren't have posed no threat.
that is the most ignorant thing I have seen posted in a long time..  ding ding ding ding you win!!
... coincidental? Twitter account lists hundreds of #Jews killed after being refused US entry http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/twitter-jews-holocaust-remembrance-day-st-louis-ship-cuba-1939-a7550536.html …
Thank you!
Thank you. In the meantime, Senate Dems should block all votes on cabinet noms. #withholdconsent
Oh?  And you want anyone to be able to enter the USA?  You should study other countries, yes the ones protesting, visa rules.
then you are blind and you are hurting America..  if dems dont stop this madness there wobt be any dems in the WH
thank you for doing the right thing
DHS is illegally enforcing, flouting courts. YOU voted yes on DHS Sec. Kelly. You share blame. step up HARD or lose reelection
Please Withhold Consent! Please Filibuster! Our democracy at stake.
and is that going to pass. Forget loser legislation and start gumming up the works there
Great. But if you are a collaborator with Trump's SCOTUS pick, we will destroy you.
Hey Meatball! Before you shoot off your mouth about Trump's immigration ban, you might want to remember 9/11! #TCOT #MAGA
none of the hijackers were from any of the countries that were banned.
your right but your mighty Obama listed these countries as high risk.. And its NOT permanent
Happy to call @amyklobuchar my senator. Thanks for rejecting blatant prejudice. #proudminnesotan #lovenothate #NoBanNoWall
she wont be senator for long.. Elections are right around the corner. They will all collow Obama out the door
how soon will you move for impeachment?  It's past time.
she wont be senator long enough to do that.. Up coming elections will weed out all the ignorant and help drain
@realDonaldTrump @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC when you get done dinging around with a bill the executive order will expire
And the vetting process greatly improved, more secured immigration from designated(by Obama) countries who support terrorism.
We already had extreme vetting. It takes about a decade to become a citizen
THANK YOU for continuing to be the voice of your constituents and one of the voices of reason!
So how many random "refugees" will you @amyklobuchar take into her own home on her own risk and personal account?
As many as I can hold.
Let @amyklobuchar speak for herself. And let's see, if you will put your money were your Mouth is @BS_Intolerant
You don't know me troll, so make no assumptions about me.
Assuming that I don't know you - Assumptions are all I can make. Good at educated guessing.
As am I. And with that, I'm blocking you.
traitor, you'd rather see Americans slaughtered by ISIS than appear to be politically incorrect.
Thank you, Amy.
 Also, please  filibuster any vote until anti-ban bill passes. I live in St. Paul. #Indivisible  #nojusticenobills
thank you Senator!
that's ok everyone makes mistakes you're one of the only Democrats I like because you don't always follow party..
I am so proud that you are my senator
Stay strong!
Vote NO on Sessions!!
Opposing the ban is not enough. You represent us & we expect action. Commit to withholding consent & filibuster! #NoBanNoWall
firing firing Sally Yates is wrong! Let's get this repealed.
Im a Brit...Pres.Trump is brilliant..you democrats have had 8 years destroying a once great nation..DT will protect America
WE WANT OUR COUNTRY SAFE. We will be fighting against your re-election and asking your state to do a RECALL for stupidity!
Thank You! 4 seeing the world thru ALL American’s eyes, NOT just one’s who consider Americans to be like themselves.
your a traitor like the rest of them..no moving forward. 
Kill us all
vote her ass out. when is she back up for reelection?  @amyklobuchar @YouTube
up for re-election 2018.
Early tomorrow morning, we will publish a major story at @theintercept
1,000+ pages of FBI docs. Tonight's @ReliableSources newsletter has a preview: http://eepurl.com/czKEfz  https://twitter.com/jeremyscahill/status/826252148476370947 …
On Tuesday morning The Intercept will publish “The FBI’s Secret Rules,” an investigative series http://eepurl.com/czKEfz 
“Sessions has used..powers of his office in a shabby attempt to intimidate & frighten elderly black voters" Coretta Scott King
thank you!
Why aren't refugees fm Somalia & other cntry seeking asylum in US AFRAID to go home to the country they supposedly escaped fm
Thank you!  Now #KeepYourEyesOnBannon #DontGetDistracted
Thank you Senator!
Thank you, Senator!! @MnTESOLjournal @MNELSecondary
Please do not vote for Jeff Sessions. There is absolutely NO reason he should be atty general!
call it what it is: targeting people based on their religion. Very unamerican and unchristian.
again, your working against the will of the people..Trump is doing what he promised, and that's why we voted for him
Thank you for fighting. Now we need you to 1) withhold consent and 2) vote NO on ANY legislation -> No justice,  no bill.
Thank you!
thank you for sharing story of family told to "go home". We need to protect that little girl's innocence .
Thank you Senator Klobuchar.
Can they live at your house then?
thank you Senator
Thank you
@MinnesotaDFL @YouTube Keep it up Amy. We love you for fighting for us.
Thank you, Senator! Standing with you!!
Thank you.
Go girl!!! Please keep going!
TY
Thank you Amy. Keep up the good work.
Thanks, but don't just join the bill. Get some R's on board to #stopsessions #stopbannon
WHEN a terrorist attack happens in USA You & other @DNC will hve some responsibility!
YOU Senator are doing EXACTLY what Terrorist want us to do! And yall were worried about Putin! Terrorist love @DNC
NO ONE SD it's a FOREVER! It's temporary! Amer has to be right 100%! Terroist have to get right ONCE! WAKE UP WOMAN!
WOW! WORRIED ABOUT CAUSING INCONVENIENCE!! TELL THAT TO PPL THAT LOVED ONES DEAD CUZ TERROIST!!
Thank you!!
Thank you for this vote.
Keep wasting your time, a-hole.  You'll lose in the next election for wasting taxpayer resources in exactly this way.
whatever makes you feel good .....
just list to us..we elected Trump to get this done..no one else would do it. Y can't you understand that?
thank you for standing up for what America stands for!
@@amyklobuchar     The working people of minnesota are sick of paying for these refugees that u support!
U r part of the problem then! It's no wonder ur state is over run with evil muslims!
sorry Minnesota your representative needs to be replaced. Saw her interview on Fox News, and feel dumber for listening.
here's a novel idea, how about protect citizens over noncitizens....
And you talk about OUR civil rights, including freedom from terrorism. MN is so SAD you rep us.
Thank you for listening to your constituents and doing the right thing!! I'm proud to be a Minnesotan!!
you have no clue whats going on in the world Black African Slaves castrated by Muslims - Islam and slavery
You must be fun at parties.
keep it up Amy. We need to stop fascism before it overtakes the country.
Hope you are never re-elected! Shame on you for not respecting the will of the people who want safety first!
are you aware our country is at war with Islamic Extremists who want to kill our citizens? Please step up or step out!
thank you!
will you take responsibility for the Somali terrorist problem in your state?
Another Democrat sheep following. 
State of Minnesota barely lost to Trump she's signing her own termination letter
Go get 'em @amyklobuchar   We need you on that "wall".
you're trying to lead the uneducated sheep by the nose. 7 countries 90 days. STOP LYING!!!
...the most vulnerable refugees indefinitely banned. Unless they're Christian. Liberty and justice for...some
Thank you Senator Klobuchar!  This EO must be repealed.  It's wrong in so many ways!
doesn't realize that the maj of people in MN wanted Trump for his stance on immigration and terror...good luck w reelection
just another Liberal clown. The ban is of 7 countries for 90 days NOT the whole world.
SO STEVE, THESE IRANIANS, SOMA's, IRAQ's, AND THE REST OF THAT SHIT WAS KUMBAYA WITH US UNTIL TRUMP DID THIS!  HOW DARE HE!
Well you suck because President Trump is protecting us and you shouldn't even be in the senate.
When did Dems become more concerned about temp halt to vet people than the safety of the US people. Have they forsaken us?
You should be ashamed. I am not surprised Minnesota a once lovely American state is now just another Islam Sanctuary. #MAGA
If Obama could've found a way to stop Christians you'd have supported him cause you're a Democrat!  Playing politics!
Protesting not going to work. we need to take legal action and take them to court if we want to win.
DEAR STEVE, YOUR SO RIGHT!  OUR TROOPS WERE NEVER AT RISK OVERSEAS, THEY WEREN'T EVEN WEARING GUNS UNTIL THIS HAPPENED!
well I don't want u 2.They have no records,u CAN'T vet them,Obama vetting standards are NO standards at all.
error on the side of caution? More apt than you are undoubtably aware.
exactly.
idiot
your interview fails to note that this is a SHORT term ban?   Support the President and look for solutions!
Remind me how you stood up to the chemical bombing of these people when this started. No tears then.
you r wrong trump is right on.  Follow and support our president or retire with Obama
America was built by legal immigrants, not Illegal immigration! America first! You need to get busy! Investigate Soro's!
Stop lying, not an immigration ban. It is extreme vetting of "all" people from the 7 countries identified by Obama.
saw u on Fox!  How many of these refugees live in your neighborhood or next to you?  How many?  Zero,  I thought so!
I don't agree with anything you say, but I appreciate your attitude and tone on Fox just now. Opposite of hair on fire Dems.
you can't protect Minnesota and it is not all immigrants, grand stander!
On this issue, you need to join your "Comrades" on the other side of the Aisle. You are NOT with the American people! Loser!
Why isn't she wearing her Burka?!
Let's be clear: NO ONE HAS THE RIGHT TO COME TO THE US. It is a privilege.
Temporary restrictions is GOOD. 13 terrorist from your state alone prosecuted. Yesterday is over already.
Discriminates against refugees all over the world? Why r u spewing falsehoods? Read the EO-then tell the truth!
FOOL
Thank you!  Hopefully wiser minds will prevail
thank you, Senator!
and also said u should hold a vote for scotus pick. Lost my vote.
Many thanks.  Continue to honor our principles and what America truly stands for.
Thank You
all you the sky is falling people check the facts
get the facts before you cry on TV
quit causing hysteria it's fake news it's not a Muslims ban it Constitutional safe look at what OBAMA did
By this action, you wipe at least some tears off the cheeks of Lady Liberty. Keep on the pressure.
Thank You. And then try to get a Republican to start  impeachment proceedings.
Thank you Senator for standing with the most vulnerable sector of the world population that need our support !
how bout the kids in China and India who work as slaves? Who is going to help them sir?
How is this related to the proposed bill of repealing the Executive Order?
thank you
You too seem all too willing to gamble with our safety and our lives Amy Klobuchar. Have you no common sense?
Ignorance is bliss?
I withhold my thanks until I see you fulfill this promise. I'm counting on you.
stay strong sen kobuchar! We are a nation of immigrants. We need to help the refugees.
thank you!
THANK YOU AMY!!!
Not just refugees targeted - also legal immigrants, their families, employers, colleges. THANK YOU - keep up the pressure
you make Minnesota proud!
Trumps immigration directive was both reasonable & necessary and MN voters agree with it.
Senator, from this Minnesota constituent: thank you.
Thank you! Hearing now count is 20 Republicans against Immigration Ban. Pls let them personally know we thank them.
I find it interesting that this wasn't discussed when previous administrations did this. Obama admin. made that list.
No other administration has done this. None.
yes there has. The Obama adm made that Terrorist moratorium list of countries.
they did not impose it however.
.@amyklobuchar @YouTube gonna expand wet foot dry foot like it should have been about 4 years ago?
Thank you for showing the leadership we so sorely need!  We support you.
Thank you @amyklobuchar !
Please do. As a resident of DC, I have no representation in congress. Why are some CBP agents acting like KGB?
Thank you, Senator! @amyklobuchar
LOLOL AS Glynda the good which said to the wicked witch "BE GONE YOU HAVE NO POWER HERE!!!"
Thank you!!! #fight #theresistence We will never stop.
Thank you, senator!! Proud to have you represent MN.
thank you for standing up for what is right!
