Beautiful. What do the other 9,999 lakes look like? ;-)
We actually have well over 12k. The best ones are in Northern MN where loons are found
I thot the loons were at 1600 PA Ave???
Please don't insult our beautiful loons! 
I know!! But they get the joke. They're beautiful AND smart!
Loons have the most haunting & beautiful calls of any bird species.
I was lucky enough to hear them decades ago in Canada. Haunting is the word.
Funny how GOP believes there's too much Federal overreach - until it comes time to bully the states to hand over their voter rolls. #irony
Great call ... (why am I not Following you) .......fixed
Your tweet is unclear as to what you're saying.
It's illegal 4 the states 2 release voter info including personal data like SS#s. 44 states so far have told the Feds to jump in the lake.
It's so fricking obvious that this initiative isn't going to provide anything of value to the country -only to Putin, Koch & R's analysts
Jon you raving lunatic. Typical democrat.
What's wrong Senator? You don't want to find out how you and your party cheat?
We don't want Trump to phony up data to keep me from voting. I won't stand for it. Voting since '72.
Please! You don"t want to know how many fraud votes there are?
About 3%.
Yes because u don't want the truth to come out that u have dead people and illegals voting for dems
Ms. Klobuchar as a Minnesota resident I implore you to start calling for Trump's impeachment.
.Nope its my information and I want them to have it, afraid of what they might find? 
Wow so you trust Trump's  government. " And then they never saw her again.
If Hillary was pres.  You'd be found dead with a knife in your back, suicide, of course.
I love this
Great that you resisted them - now continue against DHS please. It's all about POTUS trying to gain the 3 million votes he LOST by.
Klobuchar, we had 8 years of Democrat policies and corruption. You failed.
To put their azzs in  bucket would be more appropriate!
44 states have objected.
Refused.
Pass my information to GOP, not just no but hell no.
So, you're not supporting election integrity by not participating, meaning our votes don't matter?
So why not have voter ID? Then there would not be any controversy.
Amen!
Go jump in a lake you old bag!
Anyone that stands against voter fraud and voter ID stands for voter fraud. What are you hiding?
Please make your voice louder. Yes, we say in Mn go jump in a lake but seriously in DC? That MN nice lingo is ineffective.
GOP party of small government yet they want to increase government oversight of my voting rights, bull shit.
NO!

Time for Amy to go jump in a lake. #VoterID
Sure Bob go ahead and give him all your info and then wait for the IRS or whoever to come and want to audit you.
Love the idea, but "Give a hoot. Don't pollute."
Fabulous senator!
If more states would require (effective) voter ID laws, it wouldn't be necessary for the Feds to butt in. Al Franken is a prime example!
But they are "very distinquished"! Why wouldn't you give them anything they want!?
"Private voter info" == the 30,000,000 rows of data Kobach got "sharing." Then to Koch orgs, Trump Tower, AlphaBank. USC T18 S1028 felonies.
Voter information is no ones business, you need to be registered in your correct voting district, party affiliations, Soc sec #, etc have...
Yes!!! Thanks for defending voter privacy.
Probably an illegal alien who can't vote!!
Too many liberal bots...
Time for your constituents to tell you to jump in the lake. Ppl everywhere only want living, legal voters to elect our representatives
hey Bob, Are dead people literally rising from graves to vote? Exaggerate much? #Zombies
But you're deaf when it comes to security agencies' abuse of our rights.
Sinclair and Tribune Media. Now have a segment called “Bottom Line With  Boris Epshteyn” watch on youtube. Will Trump call this real news
Where is this exactly? I would love to visit this particular spot, but I know how huge that lake is...
I you, Senator Klobuchar.
Me too.

Election experts suing for the truth after @karenhandel's unverifiable #GA06 win. #unhackthevote 
I'm in 100 percent agreement with you Amy!
How about focussing on poverty, low wages, police brutality, the farm economy?  No wonder the Dems lose.
So well stated! You rock!
Why trash up such a beautiful lake
OMG, perfection for an answer.
Why thank you Bruce
So this lawsuit has no merit?
well done Amy!
I think your great and your tue to your word - I think you should be our next President. Please think about it the time is now.
Wouldn't that constitute polluting if they did? Need to protect our lakes & keep GOP out.
This also applies to Chris Christie
Go Amy!!!
Dems allow illegals to pour in for votes so of course there's illegal voting.  Want term limits. tired of long term politicians.
You are only protecting all of the illegal voters in your state.
Done and done. And thank you! #resist #VoterSuppression
You are pretty fantastic, Senator! I love the land of 10,000 lakes. #RVRA Klobuchar/Yates 2020 
Dems fear honest elections.
Though noticing trumps wandering off, Sundowning, we should be careful of where he goes. Wonder if it's a Pre-existing condition?
And MS said "Go Jump In The Gulf"
Here in Harrisburg Pennsylvania we have the beautiful Susquehanna River! Please Federal Election Commission, feel free to jump in!
80%+ of states have already said this. At most, they will provide the public data (which is avail to anyone running for office.)
It is nice that Trump has found a way to unify the country, bringing Rep & Dem states together with a common goal. #ElectionIntegrityCom
How about the Arkansas River? It's only a few blocks from me.
In Washington state we told them to jump at snoqualmie falls !!
@KrisKobach1787 
Maybe you can cool your Voter Suppression, I mean "Election Integrity", jets in Lake Mendota.
#JumpInALake
I like you @amyklobuchar
Thank you! ! Bipartisan agreement on this one! !!!!
#fakePOTUS is staginga coup. Or his henchmen are he's just the vehicle
Yes they do!
You go Amy!!
God Bless America Land that I Love @realDonaldTrump
The cold water of Lake Superior would shrink up the b___s of the "Election Integrity" Commission even smaller than they already are.
Jump in lake, swallow snake get belly ache
Republican riggers
Lake Michigan!  I little warmer so I say take the bridge go north and jump in that lake.
I love your tweet and if I would see one I would sure tell them
Wasn't it the Dems that were crying voter fraud and demanding a recount. Amy must be having a dementia moment
noooo..... PLEASE... do NOT pollute the water

I wish you were our senator in TN. They can jump in our gross, polluted Tennessee River and enjoy every dam to the ocean
Putin has asked Trump for US voter information so therefore #DonaldTrump must deliver
How can a president that has no integrity form a commission to investigate Election Integrity?
Mississippi Treasurer Hoseman told him to take a leap in the Gulf of Mexico. Really.
#25thAmendmentNow
@eegarim Why would you want to pollute a beautiful lake with such garbage?
realize everyone has an agenda. If you trust the election results your both lucky and naive. Every count has been flawed
The LA RIVER OR MUCH BETTER YET KERN RIVER!!!!
My kind of Woman! Did any states agree?  Wow!  What an invasion of privacy.  I used to think the local CVS and the BOE had a under the table
 Thank you @amyklobuchar!
um, Gulf of Mexico is bigger. Mississippi's response wins this round :)
I miss Amy Klobuchar. Best gov representative I've had.
Also, I can confirm that jumping in Lake Superior should only be wished on enemies.
Do you hear that IOWA?
I've run Grandma's Marathon there several times. It is so beautiful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm willing to comply-Sending PUBLIC Voter Data to Trump tomorrow
#MailTrumpYourPhonebook
Flood the WH with Voter Data --> phonebooks
Thank you Amy
instead of waiting i felt obligated to cancel my registration as colorado is submitting info
@StevenReyCristo It's just 1 more thing that makes US great. Gulf of Mex, Lake Michigan; so many places for them to jump in!
You go jump in the deepest lake in MN.
#IndependenceDay
The Founding Fathers wanted everyone to be assured of the integrity of Free and Fair elections. Your position against this is not who we are
Great idea 
Thank you, Amy!
Wish they were as intent on Russian hacking!
Lake Topanemus in NJ. If the governor jumps in there would be no more lake. Never mind, he went to the jersey shore instead.
What is that thing on your forehead?
Minnesota
I liked what the Mississippi fellow told them. go jump in the Gulf of Mexico, and Mississippi is a nice place to jump from.
 Awesome.

Love my dorky senator's! Keep up the great work! We love you in Minnesota.
Our voting history is and always was confidential. Why is a faux commission, put together solely to massage @potus ego and lies exposing it?
AWESOME
Our lakes are already polluted enough
@COsecofstate this is what real integrity is!
Thank you, Senator Klobuchar!
I think voting integrity is a foundation of this country.  What are the Dems afraid of?
I think they should jump off a cliff. I don't want our beautiful lakes polluted
Tell the admin to protect our Great Lakes too!!
Love it Senator Klobuchar!!
Would a R ever use the phrase "go jump in the lake"? Take off the kid gloves and use more approp. (forceful) lang!
Happy #4thOfJuly2017 !  :)
A very cold lake!
The election process is so sacred to the GOP they remain silent on Russian invasion but want your secret ballot info. Screw the lying GOP!
New York State offers Lake Ontario, Lake Erie, and the Finger Lakes which gives them several possibilities. Better, no Chris Christie.
Thank you for being my Senator...always proud of your representation of Minnesota.
Sounds like a great idea...thanks Amy!
Get some Gitche Gumee
we in PA have two choices for this corrupt, BS "commission"..go jump in Lake Erie or go jump in the Atlantic 
Thank you Senator @amyklobuchar! Keep fighting to protect our privacy and to stop & rollback further propagation of #Wealthcare
Go jump in the lake @realDonaldTrump and remember "unfit to serve" that is the #25Amendment now. Stay Strong America 
Thank you, Senator!!!
Good point about the colder water. Gulf is warmer, but has sharks. I choose Lake Jessup in Orlando- LOTS of alligators.
@PoulsonEmily poulsonemily Emily! Look! This is my wonderful Senator that I was telling you about yesterday! Watch her video!
Great idea, except why would you want to pollute that beautiful lake? 
Going the way of the dodo!
The state of Maine has said NO. It is against Maine Law to release the information Trump wants. And why does he want that info?
Can you please knock some sense into @GovChrisSununu?   He's willingly forking our states personal info over 
Love you
No win here for Donny's junk commission

Bwahaha! Our Franken is usually the noisy and funny one but Amy's sure got her moments! 
OK I'm in the minority but I still don't understand the reason why u wouldn't do this? Can u explain it please Honestly looking 4 an answer
I can explain it to you. The commission wants more info than what is publicly available. They want name, address, birthdate, soc sec #, ...
The AG that said they should jump in the Gulf of Mexico; made me wonder "hasn't the Gulf of Mexico been thru enough?"
I don't really have time for that and Lake Michigan would also be cold. Brrrr!
Love it. Respect! 
41 NO's and counting!
44 no's and counting!
Yes Please Retweet my friends! Thank you and Happy 4th from a neer do well Canuck in Cali.
Happy 4th to you and Your family 
And keep letting  illegals and dead to vote !!! Only in USA !!!
Apparently, covfefe roughly translates (politely) to go jump in the lake.
  
what's wrong Senator.  Are you worried we might find the truth?  Integrity of our elections is crucial.  Your words not mine.
@FLGovScott @KenDetzner Tell them NO & then take a plunge into the closest body of water.
voter fraud is a bigger problem than the Russians attempt at affecting our election.  the real problem is inside our country.
knowing who voted is not private info.  Knowing who an individual voted for is private info.  We must stop voter fraud.
Then they can get the public info like everyone else. They were asking for way more info in their letters which is kept private.
Thank you @amyklobuchar !!  Agreed! 
I don't think @Reince45 or @realDonaldTrump understand optics or perception? https://twitter.com/Reince/status/881942467578400769 …
@Sonnet_Fitz
I love her. She's a genuinely great human being and I believe she's gonna be president someday.
So does Rachel!
Thank you!!
So if we can't ask for voter information to verify if they are legitimate how are we to know if they voted LEGALLY and aren't dead or???
How would you like to be the victim of identity theft because you've turned over your SS number? Voter reg. Is secure. Dead don't vote.!
BRAVO!!! 
Or you could just prove there is no voter fraud?
But you know there is, so it's important not to hand over data that proves it.
Better yet, tell them to jump into the more than 10,000 lakes in Minnesota.
Love your response.
If you see a good lookin older guy, a handsome young man and a Keeshond hiking by, maybe say hello.
They'd love to meet you. s 4 all you do
Yay Amy, I'm glad you and Al are my senators. Keep fighting.
Thank You Amy! We love You. #ProudMinnesotan
I would jump in our closest lake, but it's too polluted for swimming.
She lies to you it is public record. Nothing unusual about the info. Besides Obama signed the XO that makes you have to. So there is that.
Are you talking about this?
I believe that is the one that mentions voter rolls. I would clean the rolls then repeal the XO.
Would like to tell them something else but that is good for starters
In NJ I guess it would be the Atlantic Ocean. Of course they'll have to wait for Trump's motorcade & Christie to "clear the beach" ,  
Love this WOOT!!!
Orange boy is seeking to collect voter data- NO WAY LOSER 
HRC WON by millions of votes despite Russia's pro trump interference

Forty-one states have refused Kobach's request for voter information
http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/03/politics/kris-kobach-letter-voter-fraud-commission-information/index.html …

not sensitive data, it is public record.  any reasonable request should be honored.
Worried about what they may find?
Of course not. That's preposterous. It's an invasion of privacy.
And a clear federal govt overreach....
It's ok to investigate Russian hacking but not voter fraud in our own states?
It's fine to investigate voter fraud. The fraud is on the Trump did.  My social security number should have NOTHING to do with my vote.
Senator Klobuchar: I think Sen. McConnell should join the Election Integrity Commission in the Lake. He only cares about the rich & powerful
But as a  he'd probably enjoy it....
Thank you thank you thank you, for this wonderful fabulous brilliant hilarious thoughtful powerful tweet! And your spirited work 4ALL of us!
This is another attempt for Trump to convince himself and his gaggle of followers that his fantasies are real instead of pure nonsense.
@LuluFriesdat
Id remind states who pushed 2nd amend during Obama yrs they will be to blame when this voter info turns into a gun registry later @GovAbbott
Miss having you as my Senator. Sure you won't consider relocating to AZ?
And pollute it?
This is my senator--yay!
Amy you are better than this. You have work to do. This type of response on your part is divisive and unproductive. I expect better from you
Look what Trump started. Now our politicians are getting the fever for violence. Come back to is Amy!
I couldn't get a MN fishing license without a govt issued ID.  But eh voting no problem, never had to produce one.  You are such a joke!!!
Hey #realdonaldtrump take your #fakevoterfraud commission and jump into the deepest part of my beloved Lake Superior.
Yep, and Minnesota has over 10,000! Please pick one.
I'd like for them to jump into the Hudson bay. Two birds with one stone, the election nonsense and education on why we need the EPA!
What if we'd prefer to tell them to put that request where the sun doesn't shine? http://dnr.state.mn.us/state_parks/lake_vermilion_soudan/index.html …

Thank You for protecting our rights & for your leadership @amyklobuchar! #protectourdemocracy #history&theworldarewatching
Maybe you should investigate "Russia" lol
