We are with you @amyklobuchar! Please protect Medicaid!
You need to concentrate on how bad this bill is, don't give GOP a target by debating Medicare 4 all until after the deadline. #DropSanders
Translation; GrahamCassidy is an "HELL NO!" vote! 
Please hv Sen Sanders get sick; get someone ELSE to debate with u. LG set this up...he will paint Sanders as Socialist.  Get @ChrisMurphyCT
I think @jimmykimmel should participate in the debate against Cassidy-Graham. He seems to have read the bill.
The debate is  a huge mistake .. Dems as a group should be fighting to fix #ACA .. 

Stop playing Bernie's games
You and Bernie need to go for the jugular on CNN Monday night.
Ask Graham/Cassidy how they reconcile pro-life beliefs with anti- healthcare for all beliefs.
Why are we having a debate over single-payer versus the new bill before the vote next week? Let the draconian bill fail on it's own merit.
Debate on CNN: please speak LOUDLY for women/their issues too often left out. In GOP bills and Bernie platforms. #Democrat #SaveACA
This! We need a champion for the ACA & women!! Be strong! Be loud in our defense
I agree but don’t give the GOP talking pts wait to “debate” them on Healthcare. Attack their stupidity wait till they drown then draft bill
Does anyone ever ask the GOP senators why they want to vote for a bill with about 15% support?
100% support of Kochs and Mercers
Thank you @amyklobuchar for fighting for good healthcare for all.
As another constituent of yours, I ask you please oppose this plan!
Yes, thank you.
What does continuation of Obamacare mean?
Please talk to your fellow senators about pushing bipartisan solutions! Universal healthcare is a mistake to bring up right now.
STAY OFF CNN U R BEING BATED BY GRAHAM2INCREASE REPUBLICANS SUPPORTING HIS PLANE!WAIT TIL OCTOBER!
TALK ABOUT DEADLY #GrahamCassidyBill
Sounds like ACA all over again. You people in Washington are smart!

Instead of reporting child sex trafficking, Planned Parenthood is a partner in crime to pimps. Defund Planned Parenthood now. 
nearly impossible to "make it" these days in many instances that used to be better -- that "millions without coverage" = unnecessary deaths.
Postpone the Town Hall on CNN until after next Saturday. Bernie Sanders sunk us the last election, don't let him lead you astray before Sat.
Great you are teaming up w @BernieSanders to put the lie to this in debate on Mon. The moral & factual truth will defeat this curse.
.The definition of 
 #Republican Party
  "Chaos"
All Republican House & Senators should wear red #MASA hats
Making America Stupid Again!
Bernie Sanders will betray you.

GOP tries to kill the poor, elderly & infirm with their "health care"!!
So we want to move towards a single payer plan? NOT!Talk to our neighbors in Canada and ask them how thats working. It isnt.
Glad you are a human Senator, explain to as many others as you can that this bill is the worst! Please continue being a human.
Well, you did sign a 2000+ page bill that has had a significant negative impact on millions of people, so chaos isn’t exactly scary to you.
Vote against this horrible #GrahamCassidyBill @amyklobuchar  my partners life depends upon it not passing
Give it a rest Amy anti Pres Trump, complainer supports only Dems and left!
Trump will finally lose his base when he signs this and sells them out
Secret: Don't get sick. And if you do, you're on your own. Good luck
Please keep up the fight we who need this vital Bill. Without it many won't be around to vote #45 out!! Only a loser would vote to repeal!!
Thank you for opposing!
Exactly like Barack Hussein Obama and the Democrats Affordable Care Act
Do you actually read this @SenateMajLdr ?  Doesn't data, facts, and what the majority of the American people mean anything @SenateMajLdr ?
Thank you for continuing to fight for citizens of MN.No one should be penalized for chronic http://illness.Healthcare  is a right,not privilege
govt can never take away any goodies no matter how destructive to the country. Sorry u play this dishonest game.
Totally lost my respect for Graham
How about we trim some dough from the outrageous and bloated 700 billion defense budget---that you and Al just voted for.
Yes!
Thank you for opposing Graham-Cassidy!
They just keep on keeping on! This would be a travesty, no matter how you look @ it. I don't get what people don't understand about it.
.You are confusing Medicaid with Medicare. As to Odamacare my wife has a bronze plan, $700 month, $6,000 deductible , next year higher
The nation’s emergency departments, that serve proudly as the healthcare safety net, will be over run leading to more episodic care.
It's already chaos! Can't go to the dentist since nobody will accept the insurance through Obamacare
I work in Dental industry.  We don't take Ocare plans because they make us write off so much.  Pay 25 cents on dollar.  Can't work for free.
Yep... That's what they told me
Like that never happened b4. $400 million website didn't work. Then the greatest lies of all time! Looks like the something now!
Yes, so meet with all possible GOP senators and sway them to vote no, then the same for waffling Dem senators like Bill Nelson. Will you?
I'm sick and tired of paying 4 others health care while we can't afford our own health care . Where is the balance sheet .
@amyklobuchar, please do everything in your power to defeat this harmful healthcare act.
Stand firm, Senator. Americans need your leadership now. Tisa from Vermont
And Obamacare has not been chaos? Please, I do not want a single payer system. As my representative, plz hear my voice & represent me too.
Keep fighting, Senator! We appreciate it!
Thank you Senator for standing against this
Persist, Senator.  Thank you!
pls explain to me why Collins Murkowski, McCain (and many others) will not simply say : I will vote NO and end this?
It's mean, heartless & cruel, in addition to the chaos. What it is is another slimy way to deliver a tax cut to the 1%, now & again in 2026!
Please work for universal health care now
@RepEdRoyce as your constituent, if this bill moves to the house, please vote no. This will not result in better care for people
Amy Klobuchar meet Judith Mchale next democratic congress woman from AZ. I hope to see you slay the dragon.
News flash...carriers are backing out, premiums unaffordable. Obamacare is NOT working.
Then fight it with everything you have, Senator. Our lives literally depend on you!
Why can't they fix what need to be fixed? They will not rest until destroyed everything president Obama did. Sad
So true!
Why do republican plans get progressively worse?
What is wrong with Republicans. Do they want to pass this horrendous bill just to appease the "King"?  Tragic.
SO propose something of your own to fix it.
The Dems have. The GOP won't work in a bipartisan manner. #PayAttention
Only proposal I've seen is Bernie's Medicaid for all.  Most Dems do not support and GOP never would.  #uselesshashtag

Oh?  I didn't realize dems proposed that.
Read the article.  The republicans refused to work in any bipartisan manner.
I read ir.  It's blatantly partisan in it's reporting.  I don't like propaganda masquerading as objective.  /1
Truth is Repubs won't work with anything which expands ACA, which is what Dems are proposing.  It's all a clusterf%#$ /2
Thank you for opposing it.
