.@amyklobuchar Yes we do - Don't back down! - this is worse than Watergate #followtherubles #FlynnResignation
ask Hillary and Debbie washerman Shultz!
#FlynnGazi
at this point what difference does it make LOL 
if they can't refute [with facts], you must prosecute!
Keep looking for DIRT.  HOW ABOUT HILARY,S ANTICS???
keep asking the tough questions Senator!
All you have to do is watch Nancy P's video comments from today.
Billarys margin was probably the slimmest in years. Maybe you should address the issues instead of Dem. obstructionism.
you probably don't give much credence to us on the otherside. But you should pay attention to the margin in the last election.
very important
And who will stand up for America and a fair election. Putin is rigging the election in France #BreakingUpNATO
agreed - please keep the pressure on. We're depending on your leadership.
Can you answer why some @SenateDems (such as yourself) continue to keep voting "yes" on some Trump's cabinet nominees?  Why?
this must be investigated! Isn't about party! This is for the safety of America! #cltRise #NeverTrump
please press to get to the bottom of this!
AGREE!!! Please keep pressing for acceptable answers. Thank you!
THANK YOU! I have been waiting to see who will stand up. You are not alone
Please be a loud and persistent voice to demand a full, independent investigation. Minnesota is with you!
who cares Hillary still owes an answer to the families of Benghazi and her server crimes!
please make sure the Russian connections are investigated!
oh Amy do something constructive always looking to cause trouble!
keep pushing. @realDonaldTrump is going to get in hotter water soon, and then his returns can be subpoenaed.
@SenDems need to remain vigilant by insisting that GOP Republicans stop downplaying seriousness of Russian hacks + sanctions!
He didn't think this one up on his own. Please don't let this slide.
American national security depends on a thorough review of these communications by Congress.  Keep moving forward. 
with Watergate the press followed the money with @realDonaldTrump follow the oil to Russia #AMJoy
As a constituent, I thank you!  Please continue to pursue this!
especially after tonight's NYT article. Thank you Senator.
And we want to know what happened to the 19.5% of Rosneft.  Did Trump benefit from this? @aspergesgrande
Absolutely! If candidate Trump had any knowledge of this, it is a clear violation of #theloganact
investigate impeach
go get them Amy!
@UpNorthNyquist We need to who is involved. Keep investigating please!
Yes. But even if illegality shown, will Trump prosecute? Will he pardon before leaving office?
Trump:"Jobs!"
Democrats:"Russia!"
Trump:"Trade!"
Democrats:"Russia!"
Trump:"The Wall!"
Democrats:"Russia!"

see why Trump won
you said it! Thanks for doing your part to bring this very important issue to light.
yes - you must fight Trump's evil and corruption and incompetence !! #resist #TheResistance #DumpTrump IMPEACH HIM ! Seriously
agreed!  We are counting on you to be our strong voice supporting an immediate independent investigation!
#traitors #generalflynn #theun-Americans are trying to take over, more questions than answers
I find it very hard to believe that Flynn contacted Russians on his own. Trump had to know what was going on and probably ok'd
YES! PLEASE! Counting on you and @alfranken to keep the pressure on. Trump's Twitter Feed shows his complicity!
yes it does.
who was president when this occurred?
don't back down! MN & our country wre counting on you. Demand a formal, bipartisan investigation. #RESIST
Thank you for your consideration and work on this important issue. We need further investigation.
Please investigate.
keep saying it:  It's not Left vs Right, it's Russia vs America.  What would Ronald Reagan say?
Citizens very uncomfortable  with the Russian ties of Trump. This is a national crisis for our security.
YES!!
thank you, Senator.
please demand investigation!
We must DEMAND a thorough non partisan investigation!  Just wondering why it has been taking so long??
- MN supports you completely!!!
#persist we must know the truth.
Do not let this go!!!! Any common sense person knows it doesn't end with Flynn.
keep on it Senator!!!!
nothing to see here according to congressional R's. Hold their feet to the fire Amy!
Keep asking and keep the pressure on. Make MN and the US proud!
thank you & don't let up. We must ask Trump about KNOWING 1 month ago about risk, and possibly earlier #resisttrumptuesday
Pleas keep the pressure on. We need to know,this is serious.
Thank you Senators Klobuchar and Franken for representing the people. This is the pinnacle of all these serious issues
"questions that must be answered."
Dems must press for investigation.
Must be civil. And relentless.
Failure is not an option.
Thank you, we cannot afford to have the investigation into Russia's ties to the White House halted in any manner.
Don't stop pushing on this. This is the MOST IMPORTANT thing of many important things right now! #MNvoter #thankyou
YES. A free America must have leaders that are  independent of foreign influence. And leaders that are loyal to her people.
when entire Russian Connection is known, Chavez, Ryan & all the #shitgibbonlackey bunch should be held accountable
Why isn't there going to be an investigation?
I have severe concerns about my own states reporesentatives (you) who seem to support terrorism over Your own States citizens!
Treason is kind of a big deal. Is there a reason you think treason and corruption are ok?
Per Paul Ryan, Trump requested resignation after revealed openly about Russian discussion
Discussion transcript available
NSA.
Yes, well, what are YOU going to do, senator? Anything? All I'm hearing from Dems are words words words. You're failing us.
YES!!  Thank you Amy!  You have our support!!
Amen to that.  Flynn lied.  President dissembled.  "We the People" deserve an investigation.
agree! Go get them Amy corruption and traitorism going on
Please get an independent investigation now!
Thank You for your commitment to seeking the answers to these important questions
This and blocking GORSUCH.
That's for sure.
please push very hard for this!!!!!
Starting to feel like we will never get truth from Trump, and he's only been in WH about 3 1/2 weeks. 
This is unacceptable! If there is no mechanism by which a lawful investigation can occur, then this is not a democracy.
How high up does the corruption go? This needs to be investigated. We the people need answers!
please continue to ask and push back! We want to know!
Thank you. MN is counting on you and @alfranken - we need answers. #Investigate #Russia #Transparency #Resist
.@amyklobuchar the investigation should be why a US citizen was being wiretapped. Huh? Constituents are trying get answers! (2/2)
Rally all ethical Republicans & Democrats. This matter impacts Americans the the world. We may have very corrupt ppl in power.
Push back with everything you have,  Senator!  We are behind you 100 percent!  @amyklobuchar
Agreed. What will you do now?
time to clean house!
This can't go away. Do everything you can! Congress: #DoYourJob
Thank you. People need to believe their eyes and ears. In the end...it will lead to the top.
FULL INVESTIGATION! You cannot pull out a weed and simply ignore its roots. 

America deserves to know.  #Russiagate #Treason
Resignation?  Is that what this is being called?  That man is a traitor, Congress needs to act accordingly.
In a sea of important things to both resist and fight for, this is probably number one.  Thank you.
help us find a way out of this nightmare!!
Thank you Senator Klobuchar. Please do not let up on this administration and their ties to Russia.
.@amyklobuchar A constituent called Rep. Paulsen's office this morning asking about a Flynn investigation and was told by staffer that (1/2)
It's called treason. Why hasn't he been arrested yet?
