The entire Democratic Party is compromised and corrupt! Who in the hell do you think you are fooling? That's why Dems are becoming extinct!
Let's go with a "no" on that. Find out why previous adminstration was spying on private citizens if you must throw good tax $ after bad.
So very proud of bothy MN senators! @amyklobuchar @SenFranken
Uffda! Not me!
Amy Amy Amy. If .@POTUS is so bad for US argue on substance. The Dem's Russia play is collapsing. What's scandalous is Yates legal ignorance
Sally Yates handled herself very well in the hearings. She is very credible.
Thank you for all you are doing!
Thank you Senator Klobuchar for investigating. Hard to believe this administration thinks it can do what it likes from Russia to KushnerCo
It's clear now more than ever that we need an independent commission.
We're lucky to have both you and Sen. Franken representing us in MN. keep fighting for us.
Minnesota is proud of you and @alfranken !
Sounds like a good ticket 2020
With all do respect Senator Ted Cruz nailed Sally Yates with his questioning & proved she was partisan in nature. An interesting exchange.
Blah, blah!  Haven't heard anything criminal.  Just you Dems continued tantrums.  Grow up!
Where did you get your law degree?
Klapper admitted there is no evidence.  You liberals are living in a dream world.  Only criminal is Obama for spying on citizens.  Treason!
Admitted he was unaware of FBI investigation in progress. If you think it's not true, why fight ind investigation? @ worst=0 like Bengazi!
Benghazi was ignored by the left
Not so, though months & millions spent by the GOP found NOTHING.
Lame stream media never covered that.  Coverup for Obama!
I want to know who outted Flynn and anyone else associated with this stuff...THEY need to be put on trial 1st.
But who has the authority to set up an independent commission?  If it requires WH approval, we're hosed.
Winning! Sally Yates got fired by Pres Trump because SHE told him th truth! That does not go over big with Habitual LIAR. CAN NOT TAKE TRUTH
The Q is why was the warning ignored? This would make sense if Trump was protecting Flynn b/c Flynn met Russian Amb at Trump's request.

Republicans who are shielding trump should be found guilty of treason by association.
As is Comey! 
Sessions is also guilt of perjury!
Something is extremely rotten in DC. The trump administration is clearly in collusion with Russia and our national security is a great risk
Absolutely need independent commission investigating White House Trump ties to Russia and his actions
Please consider running for President in 2020. You are a sharp, well spoken Senator in touch with your constituents.
But will GOP members make it happen? Truth to power.
US needs an independent commission. There is NO EXCUSE for @GOP inaction in what was the biggest breach of our nat sec since 9/11. Ominous.
Thank you. Keep pressing!
Great job on Hardball, Senator! 
U hve no evidence of tht T fm just a disgraced&justifiably fired employee's sour grapes grudge. Yates is a partisan hackW/No credibility.
QUESTION: During the time you are not in the room, do you personally read all of the testimony given that you miss? Do you read the whole?
I ask because it is clear some Senators don't listen, and some are framing a narrative in spite of testimony.  But Amy... you ROCKED!!!
Sally Yates was a pro on top of her game. She CRUSHED Cruz on his nonsense. He quoted a Statue & she REBUTTED his Statute. She blew him away
Well done today, Senator Klobuchar!
I'm proud to be from MN today!
Thank you. Please don't give up on the push for the independent commission.
Thank you for all you do. So proud to have you and @SenFranken working so hard for the entire country.
Go Amy go!!
NO, need 2 focus on ppls needs, not this political BS 4 which there is NO evid. Ppl R homeless, hungry, no hlthcare, w/o rep bc U R on Russi
Yeah cause ya can't get truth out of any obamaite! @amyklobuchar !
Great questioning, Senator
At what point is this treason?
Thank you for your excellent questioning today! Really appreciate your intelligence and thoughtfulness.
You were GREAT today!
@tedcruz lit her up like a Christmas Tree!!
I was hoping you would join the @justicedems but I see you're just as gullible as the other dem baffoons.
Good job senator!!!  Keep pushing for this!  Minnesota love you!
Need independent commission, but how do we get one?
Ignored or embraced
Thank you @amyklobuchar for calling for an independent commission to investigate #Trumprussia.  Making MN proud!
Stop It....Your Team Lost....Get accustomed to it .#Anotherdeplorable.
This isn't sports. It's politics and it's the lives of people.
Agree! Thanks from a constituent in New Hope, MN!
Agreed. How do we get an independent commission? Who has the authority to impanel one? Whom do we need to pressure?
We need to see impeachment hearing started for jeopardizing our national security. Flynn & Trump on call with Putin - sounds collaborating
Thx! You're a standout among great bunch of Dem Senators. I admire you greatly, your non-pretentious manner when speaking of serious matters
you could begin infinite tweets with "Admin ignored..."
Thank you.
By not calling for a ind. commission now, Repub's are tacitly saying they're fine with Russia meddling again in 2018, 2020. Sad! Bad!
Agreed. Now what? We know there will never been an independent commission. What do you do? What do we do?
You were AWESOME today!
Yes. A thousand times, yes.
They didn't ignore her, they fired her because she called out the collusion with Russia which they supported
Does anyone else feel like hiring a snotty rich kid to be POTUS was a bad idea?
Agree
I completely agree an independent commission is called for now for sure.
It's never been more important to speak truth to power
Agree!
