When campaign chairman and NSA both resign over Russia ties there is more. Manafort and Flynn had nothing in common except Russia and Trump
@JuliaDavisNews Let's just ascertain that no one won this election except the enemies of the US
Please conduct a thorough investigation, Senator!  Signed, your constituent.
My friend Amy you are wrong!   Careful!
Hazel, please provide proof why you are so sure. Thanks
Keep pushing
oh, please...your candidate lost...now get on with important stuff.
Please investigate coup d'etat
Keep your foot on their throats, Senator.

Fun reading about typical right-wing nut job Frank Gaffney!! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Gaffney …
. @amyklobuchar Page, Manafort, Flynn, Tillerson has deep Russian ties, Trump dossier corroborated in part... investigation necessary!
please for the love of god, dont let them get away with this corruption.  Make America great again.
Five phone calls in one day - direction was from elsewhere. Strongly support investigation into source.
keep pushing for an investigation. That is what the people want.
It sure is, Senator. It's a weed that has its tendrils coiled around this admin, stretching all the way to Moscow.
I so agree. I hope Congress or the Justice department investigate all threads.
and we expect you and @alfranken to push for answers.  This is now beyond partisan politics.
Yes it is.  Trump knew about this a long time ago. Shortly after had Flynn to make the call on his behalf...
I know you are on this incredible situations. Thanks.
I see a movie in the making. There's a plot like none other.
YES, but try convincing @SenMcConnell @SenChaffetz + other GOP Republicans who are opposed to independent Bipartisan reviews!
Thank you, please push for an independent investigation.
please assure us that you and all of our Democratic senators will Not let this go unanswered !! Thx
The name of the book about it will be "Trump: The Ultimate Con Man.
How a sleazy real estate grifter conned an entire nation".
Great! Don't be soft. This isn't the time for half-way politics. These are not friends of America. Trump's WH is built on sand
how about Benghazi? U r a hypocrite . Where was your outrage then??? I'm so embarrassed by my states representatives.
@brhodes - Keep pushing! we need an independent investigation now - what did DJT know and when did he know it?
Senator Klobuchar Beyond bizarre!
I think it's probably a lot bigger. Keep digging.
investigate!
@amyklobuchar
#FlynnGazi  We demand the truth!!!  Russian spies = American Traitors!!!
Please keep fighting!
Not only do I want to know more about this, I ALSO WANT TO KNOW HIS TAX SITUATION!!!  #StaytheCourse #KeepFighting #ImWithYou
I am certain that this is bigger and I really appreciate your efforts to keep the pressure on to get to the truth @amyklobuchar
This is worse than Nixon. Only a failed party elects someone like Trump and supports him. They never cease to amaze.
please investigate all directions this could lead for the facts.
as a (my) Senator, you know you can do something about this, right?
investigate the Russian Ties with #45
love your interview yes let's protect our country!!!
Hope you will join the call for a special select investigative comittee!
bingo!
Yes it is. I know I can count on you and @SenFranken to keep asking the right questions. #accountability #truth #transparency
Yes and America deserves a full investigation by Independent Special Prosecutors - not the Sen. Intel. Cmte.
Thank you for speaking out! Americans are asking, no demanding, Congress take action and investigate. #Russiagate
thank you Senator. Pls keep your foot on the republicans throats pushing for independent investigation. Don't let them off
@freespeak3 actually its kind of treasony...
Thanks Senator! Please keep pushing, our national security depends on it!
That's right, and if this is dropped, God help us!!
18 U.S. Code § 953. Private correspondence with foreign governments ;)
thank you for continuing to push for the whole truth. We want to know!
Keep it up. Don't stop until we get the whole truth.
please push for full investigation.  This could be Trumps's Watergate, but much worse, on so many levels.
@realDonaldTrump @slone  its payback for FLYNN exposing Obama arming Al Qaeda,Al Nusra  http://www.centerforsecuritypolicy.org/2017/02/13/did-barack-obama-violate-the-logan-act/ …
we need diligent follow-up on this matter. To ignore it would be abdicating to a potential dictatott
#trumpskkkabinet
@brhodes How in the world could Flynn "freestyle" foreign policy with RUSSIA without @POTUS knowing? No possible way.
How did @POTUS44 arm terrorists&senators not know,oh you ignored it so called Syrian freedom fighters
Get 'im, Senator!!!
Please stay on top of this, Senator Klobuchar!  This cannot just fade away!  Thank you for standing strong.
I bet Trump is regretting insulting the intelligence service now, biting him in the butt.
Please help us fight for full disclosure! We must have a complete investigation.
OK, senator, so what are YOU DOING? DO something. Do SOMETHING. Your constituents are watching.
let's not forget Page!
what is wrong with the government oversight office? they don't answer, they won't take a message....
Right down to the GOP reps obstructing the proper investigation. They knew the election was stolen for them.
fight for the truth Amy. Our nation depends on it
it's payback for FLYNN exposing Obama arming Al Qaeda,Al Nusra  http://www.centerforsecuritypolicy.org/2017/02/13/did-barack-obama-violate-the-logan-act/ …
