@RepTomEmmer your constituents want @DevinNunes to step aside from investigation in Trump ties to Russian operatives.
Reading that Nunes' former committee GC Michael Ellis, recentlyWH hire, was the 'source' of his secret nighttime documents.
is that your last ditch effort. It's certainly time you quit being an obstructionist.
Is there a way to force the issue of Nunes's recusal?  He's lost all credibility.
Only Paul Ryan can do anything about Nunes.
If Ryan won't do the right thing, then forget about the HPSCI and proceed independently.
(1) Senate Committee will be have sole discretion and investigation responsibility. McCain & Graham starting to
I agree. Thanks again for your bill on cameras in federal courtrooms.
No on Gorsuch. Okay thanks bye
Really Amy u Dems so screwed up remember u  represent  all of us!
Did you feel there wasn't enough evidence to ask for a resignation?
His comment of 'Why should I?' shows how little he cares for Democracy.  Do whatever you can to remove him. #nuneshastogo
you are in the Senate. Bit presumptuous to tell the other House and party what to do #confirmgorsuch
your constituents want you to demand he step aside!
He can't- it appears he may be part of the transition team problems. Only reason to keep so quiet.
thank you Amy!!
what do you do when someone has lost their credibility but doesn't admit it?
@wear_your_cape the Russian connection means what? Hillary lost of her own abilities. She needed no help. In 08 and 16.
I totally agree!
Here Here! @repjohnlewis let's look into @DevinNunes asap!
he's the only one doing his job the Dems are stuck in the damn twilight zone! Famous last words "you lost, get over it!"
Please continue to demand this! You're an amazing representative of Minnesota and would love to see you more often on national news networks
get him outs there..
what can us citizens do to help ?
Your job as a Senator is to represent all the people of Minnesota. Not just the Democratic Party.
Agreed. @PreetBharara is available, can we appoint him as special prosecutor to steward the investigation?
not only should he not run investigations, he shouldn't have a job, period!
Senator, what are the realistic chances to have an independent investigator appointed in the near future?
Nunes has seen info on himself and direct implications on Trump. Yates knows all of this and trying to keep her quiet
He needs to be done!! He can't be trusted! Maybe it's his own ties to Russia!
Here is a less tortuous Russian affiliation!  https://trofire.com/2017/03/27/white-house-ties-russia-found-podestas-emails/ …
obstruct and resist...nothing new.  Party line before common sense and working for us, the people.
infuriating that he won't and speaker Ryan won't act on this. What can we do to help?
Contact your House Rep and insist they pressure Ryan to remove Nunes from committee or step down
Your spot is coming up for re-election - the more you sound like @BettyMcCollum04 , the more we don't want to re-elect you.
He is doing his job. It is you and other Dems who are being partisan ideological hacks, constantly smearing honorable people.
You're in a state with 2 Dem senators and a state that voted for HRC. There is no excuse- vote NO on cloture & nom of Gorsuch
like any of you really care about the truth. All you want to do is "get Trump." You are the party of no ideas.
He should lose his security clearance too
agreed. @DevinNunes should recuse. It's not an admission of any wrongdoing. It would reduce doubt an keep transparency.
umm, no
Let's hear from the whistle-blower.  I'd like to know what his source said, wouldn't you?
He is the whistle blower. He found intel that implicates himself while on transition team. Yates would know this
Thank you for adding your voice to the chorus. He must recuse himself.
please #ImpeachTrump -follow the dots-follow the $$
I started some yard work yesterday. Turned a rock over & a Russian jumped out! Thought u would like to know
@RepJasonLewis Mr. Lewis please ask Mr. Nunes to recuse himself. He was wrong to go to the president with Intel Committee info
You can't have the Fox guarding the chicken coop!
sure, Because Dems were so quick to step aside when Obama Administration had similar instances.....
What happened to the 'law and order' pledge?
Please oppose nomination & cloture of Gorsuch. The fact that you have yet to take a stand on what you will do is disturbing.
he needs to step down now.
Can't just ask. Nunes won't recuse himself willingly. We need
evidence of Trump bias to have him removed from HIC.
All these people linked to the dossier and the trump campaign/transition need to wind up under oath, in public, and quickly.
I fear the US no longer knows the truth from the false let's thank our fearless leader nunes is just a flunky

didn't hear you complain when Loretta Lynch met with Bill Clinton
he acts guilty like he trying to hide something he did
and I certainly hope you will NOT confirm Gorsuch!!
Yes. He certainly has. Please stop him
he needs to be investigated for Obstruction of Justice? This can not be let go. How would GOP be acting under a Clinton WH??
Dear hypocrite Klobuchar,  did you think that Loretta Lynch lost credibility when she met in private with Bill C?  Well?
YES she did and she admitted as much.  Now what does this have to do with Nunes, Trump, Russia, and treason?
It has plenty to do with it.  Without deflecting again, there is no other way they can defend Nunes.  
You are speaking of the GOP's deflection right?  I agree. I was responding to claim of hypocrisy in prior tweet.
You are 100% right.
Thank you, Senator!!!!
Pls commit to FILIBUSTER Gorsuch vote until a proper independent investigation on Trump/Russia ties takes place.  Too risky!
Appointment is for LIFE.  Too much dark money behind Trump/Gorsuch & dark $ benefactors have pending cases.  #StopGorsuch pls!
what evidence do you have that he lost "credibility" cause "you said so" ?
That is evidence enough.  He has lost credibility with her.  Therefore, he lost credibility.
he's been bribed or bullied and needs to resign.
Regarding something that matters .@amyklobuchar, will you promise us an up or down vote on Judge Gorsuch? @nytimes
Why didn't Comey show up to the closed door meeting like was requested of him? Trying to cover for snyder & his lies?
The only election meddling in 2016 was by .@HillaryClinton's minions. This is just a gambit to stop .@potus .@amyklobuchar @nytimes sad
I cannot fathom how anyone can make a statement like this.  Even Trump acknowledges the Russians were involved.
its not about just hacking anymore this is now an invasion the Russian are invading America this must be stopped stand up now
Nunes is a patriot. He was assisting & being a whistle blower. You know it's Illegal to punish whistle blowers?
Who is Nunes working for?  Obviously, Donald Trump.  Why come out swinging, then retract so much later?
-@amyklobuchar @nytimes Seems more as if he's trying to obstruct a bipartisan investigation rather than conduct one. He needs to resign.
the party of no is quickly becoming the party of liars. Trump and his shills have only brought shame to American politics.
he will unless, he's dumber than I thought. Even @jeffsessions surprised me. Because racist are normally defiant.
Only a democrat would see the telling of the truth as a loss of credibility.
@DevinNunes is neck deep in Russia/Flynn/Trump scandal. He should B removed from his position & his constituents should recall
please filibuster Gorsuch
Thank you Senator!
It's preposterous that the committee cannot take a vote to force recusal. Note to lawmakers: Good legislation for future.
ha ha the Repubs want to undo the ethics committee
but clearly Nunes not very bright. Else he wouldn't be in this fix
Can we put our confidence in Burr, or has he been compromised too?  @amyklobuchar
Thank you Amy
