The only valid rule is that there are no rules. Republicans seem to believe they have achieved ultimate authority!
thanks for fighting for us!  As a pharmacist, I'm glad you are able to fight for sensible healthcare policy.
Who needs ethics anyway? @amyklobuchar @nytimes
Please stop saying Republicans when they will NOT tell us who voted how.  Dems also voted for it.
See they CAN work hard during holidays. Maybe FBI/CIA did same and full public election hack report ready for we the people.
Only the beginning of what will be a long list. Anybody keeping track?
Go after them, Sen. Klobuchar!!
thank you for your hard work. I hope my rep, Jason Lewis, is against this too. Let us know what we can do to help
that's why we need you in Washington.
Fight, Amy, Fight! #thankyou #DemocratsSaveDemocracy
@linksteroh @nytimes they conned America
Gotta give Trump credit for quashing this one. He might be ok after all. I like his auto industry stand, as well.
thank you for sharing these important updates and for knowing your constituents support you in standing against this.
ask your mn reps to stand up against corruption in government
quote from @hughhewitt: “House Committee on Ethics is an unconstitutional, unethical ‘Star Chamber’.”
Had nothing to do with "ethics ".  Was all about punishing politicians that didn't toe the party line
Fight like hell, Senator! WE NEED YOU!!!
is there a list of the #gop members that voted to gut the #ethicsoffice ?
But their decision was reversed!  Right?
the worst is yet to come. Sharpen your verbal sword.
life imitates art, and Star Wars. So begins the collapse of the republic.
So how do we fight this Republican action? I am very frightened and my Rep&Senators both R's.
Take a good look at these people
we need you! Don't let this happen!
This is the kind of tactics the Dems are up against 4 the next 4 years we must fight them tooth & nail at every turn.
Amy more more. More and louder louder louder
Independence and Ethics are probably not words that are going to mean much for the next 4 years. Keep up the good fight!
Thank goodness for people like you to fight.  Republicans cannot and probably will not regulate themselves. 
this is appalling. Okay #twitterverse it's time to show your strength. Start calling!!  http://www.house.gov/representatives/find/ …
eliminate the watchdogs then the devious deeds can go unchecked. Sickening.
@YouCowardlyLion and what have Dems done? We had a corrupt election & this is what happens!
talk about a bad day at work ughhhh
@ericgarland This is horrifying. Fascism galloping, not creeping.
DON'T LET IT HAPPEN!!!

Just read about this.  And the vote was done in secret.  What does this say about American Politics.
@ericgarland Take complaints to complaint department and it will never see the light of an Ethics committee. #draintheswamp
@summerbrennan @nytimes you spent too much time on break and not enough time fighting GOP and trump
keep fighting, Senator
@ericgarland @nytimes because #draintheswamp really was going to happen... am I right?
@summerbrennan @nytimes This isn't the way to help keep America a great country.
@alfranken  Please, please be strong!!!
Anything worthwhile isn't easy. Your from MN you know when they go low, you go high & hit them hard.
Keep a stock of Advil...it's going to be a long 4 yrs. Hang in there! ! #MSNBC #LastWord #MADDOW #NewDay
They voted Ethics out on Nov.8th this just makes it official
Not good. But, it may mean more Ds in the House come midterms :)
@CarlaBresnahan @nytimes Horrible beginning. Frightening.
Of course they did!  Did you really expect the GOP leadership to do anything above board?
Fight for us, Amy!

No one is perfect, but, these republicans are downright dirty and nasty!!
republicans replacement department is a paper shredder
First the supreme court. Now this. So glad I'm leaving for Uruguay in a few days. The country is broken
Disgusting.
Makes perfect sense because Republicans have no ethics.
Go get 'em Amy!
The GOP is going to do to the USA what they did to the governorship of NC. No need for ethics in that endeavor. #Unethical
.@amyklobuchar Mind boggling. Are we sliding towards the abyss?
Next step for Dems???..FIGHT!!!
@Marv_Vien @nytimes Evidently the GOP are going all out to do whatever they please with no oversight.
So that office cannot investigate Trump. #cowards
it's become "The Bog of Eternal Stench"
please push back! Hang in there Amy.
Ddisgraceful!!!
, I am so mad I could spit!  So sneaky and shameful.  Please lead us Senator; we will fight against this deplorableness.
What can we do? Which phone calls matter? Which op-eds? Which marches?
Please do what you can to build coalitions. Thank you for representing us!
@TSal58 Where are you and our other leaders? This is happening at warp speed and no one is doing a damn thing!!!
no more being nice. gut them whenever you can. eat your wheaties!!!
Drink your V-8 Senator, we're gonna need you and Al at your strongest.
So much for draining the swamp. #drainedtheswamp
so what are you and @SenSchumer going to do about it?
@EricLiptonNYT Shameful. Please do all you can this session to stop the madness, Senator.
worried their PEOTUS will go to jail if there were an actual investigation-shady bastards- going to be a long 4 yrs!
Looks like the democrats have many battles ahead, stay strong and stick together.
is this subject to presidential veto?
This is deplorable! I will be calling Paulsen's office in the morning. Go get 'em, Senator Klobuchar. We're with you!
you sound like an activist! Have you joined the Stand Up Minnesota Facebook group yet?
thank you for helping to stand up against the erosion of checks and balances
seriously how is this ok?
@Izzystreet4 Will Dems change strategy now in dealing w/Repub leaders & finally operate on basis they are grossly unethical?
help us Amy Wan Kenobi-char, you are our only hope.
gurl, you betta hold on bc it's fixing rocky. Don't let us down.
yeah, ethics just get in the way of everything anyway.  WTF!
this can't happen in our country. Please Amy you and Al gotta stop these people.
it means you will need to be the eyes and voice for the people. Wish you well, Senator!
This is sad and scary!
You & every other elected Dem need to be on the air all day every day condemning Rep proposals like this. Don't let them do it
this is incredibly disturbing. Can't anything be done to preserve our checks and balances???
this is what our media worked so hard to enable for the past 16 months
keep fighting the good fight! Glad to know there are people like you working to preserve democracy.
Repulsive! Our country is in crisis!
This is wrong! There should be an independent Ethics Office. I hope this is not how the next 4 yrs will be like.
So concerning 
Klobuchar 2020!
Republicans = NOT AMERICAN, and they just gave proof to the world.
