Nice shot, Senator. Or, as Getty Images knows you, "a woman".
Somebody tell me how sexism isn't a major factor in our country.....
McCain & Sanders were identified as Senators but Klobuchar was identified as a "woman" taking a pic--it's sexist
Dude, she's been a US Senator for a decade. Yeah. She's recognizable. Jeez.
Just saw an image of you taking this selfie labeled as "unknown woman" and I yelled, "That's SENATOR Amy Klobuchar!"
I love the photo.  I hated the news report "woman takes selfie with Senators."  Give 'em hell, Amy.
Great pic. If you haven't already done so, you should tell Bernie sorry you didn't support him last year. DFL should leave Democratic Party.
The DNC has yet to apologize to Minnesotans for nominating a despot for President. 
(Despot - Person that discuss spousal sex on primary TV while her 12 years old child is displayed on the couch next to the despot.)
If @POTUS taps @TimPawlenty DFL in trouble.
sorry they didn't even bother trying to identify you in the paper's article. This is why we march.
Ummmm didn't she just vote to put a man in the CIA that's okay with torture and spying on 'Mercans?! 
That's a super sweet selfie. 
.@amyklobuchar .@BernieSanders you agree with this cruelty? Amy Klobuchar declares war on wolves http://www.citypages.com/news/amy-klobuchar-declares-war-on-wolves-6544165 … #Shameful
Please talk with them about voting no on Trump cabinet picks! DeVos,Tillerson, Mnuchin, Pruitt, Puzder
This is a nice picture. "A picture is worth a 1000 words." You should use it in 2018.
you dont deserve to be in the same room with Sanders. you gave us Trump. Traitor
I♡AMY  very proud to see you there and showing dignity and bipartisanship. Im trying to get the getty images caption corrected
You have a name! Thank God. ;)
I'm sure they're as horrified as you are.
- you told your constituents that you weren't going to the inauguration, and there you were. How are we to trust your word?
Keep up the good work and keep fighting for us! #constituent #DFL
working together we're all better.  Please keep working  across the aisle.
sadly you three just showed the only bit of bipartisanship that may occur for a while...  please try and keep it up!
Check out the caption in San Francisco Chronicle.  Apparently it's too hard to know all the names of the many women senators.
#LuckyYou #TreasureThisPhoto
You will accomplish more that your seat mates before you're done. Klobuchar for VP in 2020 and in 2028....................
A leftist, a neocon and a socialist walk into an Inauguration...stop me if youve heard this...
You give us all bit of hope. Thank you. 
Unite, please. The three of you are good and moral people.
That must have been just a little uncomfortable.
did you see apparently you're just "a woman". @GettyImages please fix immediately
did they supply barf bags for that speech?
thank you for being there 2day. You again showed why you are respected on both sides of the isle. Keep working hard for MN!
You're the best. Keep your ear to the ground and get that abomination impeached ASAP!
great Selfie!
@JohnMcCainDaily @SenSanders great photo. Now help us get stronger together!
Just make sure you Resist from Day 1! No compromise with a demagogue and would be autocrat!
did you get McCain to commit to voting against weak cabinet members? Way too many smiles in my opinion. Country first..
@BernieSanders @JohnMcCainDaily Why did any of you attend?
@brahmresnik not to mention he voted to steal my social security
@brahmresnik too bad McCain hid from and had veterans arrested, glad he is happy with that
go Amy go! Have fun tonight!
All good people--but why were you there???
Extremely difficult seeing Obama leave office but thankful to see you representing the great state of MN! You make us proud!
3 awful senators you belong together
@SenSanders @SenJohnMcCain counting on you three! & @SenFranken
Hi Bernie!  Not you John....

@1099rock God, I hate Sanders. That smirk says it all. He is delighted he screwed the Democratic Party.
I am confident that they told you to run for President in 2020.
Great Americans
@chrisgeidner A front row seat to the rise of fascism.
counting on you three to keep the pressure steady and strong about @realDonaldTrump ties to Russia. #resistance
I love you, but am disappointed you're there. This is not a celebration of democracy, it's a funeral for truth and justice.
thank you for supporting bipartisan relationships, representing MN, and celebrating our constitutional republic in DC today!
why didn't you stand down? I'm disappointed. Do you condone what's happening?
@MinnesotaDFL AKA-The fascist fiasco.
you could do much much worse.
This is why this Moderate heart adores your leadership!
The remnants of an era when good will still played a roll in the US Congress.
that's what unity is supposed to look like. Not all this divisive stuff from Trump and supporters.
disappointed to see you legitimizing Trump
This is heartwarming; could you please tell the senator furthest to your right that I think he would have won  @amyklobuchar
Wait, your left, my right. @amyklobuchar
Those are some pretty big smiles on a day many of your constituents are feeling horrified and vulnerable.
@BernieSanders  Enjoy it while you can. #Amy2020
it is too bad that you chose to help legitimize this presidency
FUCK BERNIE SANDERS And the BOAT HE ROWED IN ON
sorry your candidate was terrible, please take responsibility for it and stop hating the good one
This is NOT the time for a cute selfie.
@kare11 Thank you for attending to support the office even when U disagree with man. Shows class!
Sick of hearing about camaraderie. GOP apparently stands for nothing other than itself. Where do you go from here?
glad you're all smiles. Meanwhile, I'm terrified for my trans daughters safety and future
I would support you for President just FYI.
and we wonder why our party got our asses kicked.
You should be ashamed of yourself for attending that travesty.
you should not be there.
Why are you smiling? We just swore in a traitor as our president. We need to to fight. Not joke around.
Please keep supporting #Ukraine the diaspora appreciates it very much
thank you for all you do for us - your constituents and all people whose lives are touched by the actions of the Senate.
I am proud of Sen McCain standing ground on some cabinet picks.
would be better if it was @BernieSanders inaguration!!
@nbcwashington We need more of it.  Saw Bernie talking to Imhofe, too.
Thank you for being there
@kare11 Great pic Amy. Thanks for sharing.
I Will be at the march in St Paul tomrow. Never done anything like this before. Feel compelled to now. Thanks for all you do
I'm sure all three of you will be voting on the proper side at the eventual impeachment trial.
.@amyklobuchar Past Presidential Candidates and Future Presidential Candidate.
Keep fighting the good fight, Senator.
thx for all you are doing for Minnesota and the US
That's nice to see.
.@amyklobuchar that trio who could ever get them all on same page 
we believe in you! I would've voted for McCain (if not for Palin), I would've voted for Bernie, and I would vote for you 2020!
my favorite  from today
couldn't have picked better people to sit near
Tell them America says "DON'T GIVE UP!!! FIGHT!!! WE BELIEVE IN YOU!!!"
thanks for that spot of brightness!
cute
Thank God there are some senators left. (you know - one's who care about US?)
why are you all there anyway?
Amy, would love it if YOU were the first "GIRL PRESIDENT"
Are you all sitting in the same seat?  'Cause that's weird.
