Thank you Senator @amyklobuchar.
Then work with the House and pass legislation to help them. @danobrien1972 @Loren_Jorgensen @jmatteso1303
Follow the law or make new law.

TY
@billclinton IIRIRA righting wrongs illegals/foreigners cause legalres
@BarackObama most deportations
…
why aren't you concern about the incentivizing message it sends to parents in 3d world countries unfamiliar with the dangers of migration?
Do your best to pass rights for #DREAMers #DACA but not tied to any funding for Trump's stupid wall.
So, now you don't like presidential executive orders?
For once, probably the only time, I agree w/this admin. It comes down to the lawmakers to get off the fence and pass the law.
They have had years to get legal.  Why have they not done so.
Thank you, senator!
Lawfully it is an issue. In Congress's hands now. Get to work on it.
Short memory? Your King Obama stated quite plainly that DACA was a temporary thing.
By the way while you're citing these 'facts' please tell us how they're paying for these educations, homes etc.
Senator, what did you do in 09-2010 for immigration reform? @dhjenson
You can save it!  Bring legislation forward, it could be a defining moment for you.
Can you please work to get this man out of office!!
https://www.facebook.com/seanbrown.journalist/posts/1500709500009150 …
Trump is cruel.
How about you just uphold the laws of this nation like you were elected to do and leave your feelings at home. If you can't then resign.
Then pass a law vs using an EO.  If this is their home, create a path to citizenship
Thank you for your continued leadership on the issues that matter. Let's see some legislation to #DefendDACA.
LOL! Defend an illegal executive order by Obama!
You're a complete idiot and an embarrassment to me, a life long Minnesota resident!
You are the best
Isn't it congress' job to pass the laws?  Didn't you and the rest of congress not bother to pass a law?  You are a lawyer you know this.
The innocent are always the ones who pay for the illegal activities of felons and monsters. Welcome to the world. Did you not know this?
Well, now you have 6 months to adopt binding legislation.  He is only walking back an unconstitutional act.
Use this issue as a way to demonstrate that bipartisanship can work for the good of America
Did you raise your hand and take the Oath to uphold the Constitution of our country and the laws. Illegal is Illegal right . uphold law.
If you wish to favor DACA beneficiaries, pass the appropriate legislation. Do your job.
Then damn it. Get Congress off their ads.
Will you be proposing legislation to keep DACA alive?
thanx
@SenatorHeitkamp is ready to cozy up to racist birther, daily liar, corrupt businessman, cuz she is certain he can be reasoned with! Fool!
Amy, let's be honest, you strongly disagree w everything Trump does.  Now get to work, fix this and stop complaining to me.  I can't fix it.
Fight for them, Amy!
#runamyrun2020
Trumpers are the cancer in American society. Keep The dreamers, End the cancer
Imagine how stressed Trump has made 800K Americans?  For the next 6 months an onward.  Cruelty primed.
Why don't you get it!!!  They are illegally here and sucking up tax dollars.  Free education?  My kids don't get that.
Then legislate.
I would think "mostly college students" could find the path to citizenship. If not, make DACA permanent.  Please let us know your plan.
Agree.But now Dems MUST capitalize on messaging! Get out in front of media cameras and challenge GOP TO FIX THIS w stand alone #DACA FIX
"Know only one home" is not a true statement for many.  It may be true for many, but saying it about all is not accurate. Manipulative
Time for full and complete immigration reform. These problems never stop because we never fix out issues. Rinse and repeat must stop!!!!
News interviewed dreamers who came here at 15 and 16. They still have relatives in home country. They were old enough to know prior home.
Ending the DACA program is anti  American
If they feel they have to cut the program that's one thing , but still morally wrong
What's really Fu*ked up is planning on deporting all the Dreamers
This is THEIR HOME
If Drump wants to live in a modern day Nazi world ,
Then ship him to Russia on a one way leaky boat
DACA never provided a path to citizenship, just deferred deportation. Introduce a bill that gives them a clear path
In 2011 Obama said DACA wouldn't stand up in court. He signed it to give congress time to pass a law.. now you have 6 months. Pass a law
Congress can make this "here to stay."  Go for it, Senator!
No you need to pass legislation and quit blaming others. We're behind DACA but it needs to be codified. Do your job and pass legislation
You disagree with the constitution.  They have 6 month to get citizenship.  Help them follow the law of the land. If you can't step aside.
Thank you!
U were in congress 2009-10 when dems had total control. U could have fixed the whole thing then but chose not to.
& many of your constituents strongly disagree w/a congress who does nothing 2 fix the immigration policies. It's YOUR job!!
You disagree with Congress passing an immigration law? It's easy to judge. Why don't you do your job and work w/colleagues to pass a law 
Then work to change the law. Tweeting alone won't change it.
Use the bipartisan SUPER POWERS you tweet about & create a great piece of legislation that will pass in 6 mos time frame. ACTION NOT WORDS.
Where was the urgency to Pass Daca when you had control of govt?  Potus cannot just sign orders when they disagree with the law
Amy, you know  #daca was illegal. Repeal ACA,  build wall, give us tax cuts.
I guess it's time to holster your phone and get to work! We are all watching!
Support citizens and legal immigrants for once.
AND YOU AMY DO NOT AGREE WITH OUR CONSTITUTION!!!
YOU WILL LOSE IN 18 PROMISE
You mean presidents can make law and don't need congress
Senator Klobuchar, hope you're giving some serious thought about running for president.  You have my vote.
So one home right, so Refugees have home also called Saudi Arabia?.. You don't see them running there too right?... Because its a night mare
I'm tried of my taxes being abused, I'm sick going to Walmart having to learn Spanish to shop
What you don't think they miss grandparents, cousins I think they should go back take care of their cities their country and make it better
Obama doesn't make law he doesn't get to make law. Otherwise we wouldn't need you senator or congress
You represent us!  Do your fing job. I mean wha wha wha. F them. 
How many laws can I break and get a pass on none. 
It's not our fault
So, author a law. You ARE a Senator. Give concessions like a wall to get Trump to sign it. Negotiate. Do something besides complain.
I say with all we have done for them maybe they should go to where they belong or became citizens long ago. They have broken many laws
Who do you represent people that steal identities like ssi use our health services and drive up costs drive down wages steal our jobs or us
How did they get scholarships that should have been awarded to American children?  
I detest your callus refusal to protect them over us
That all sounds really nice but what about us Americans? 
I want to know how they got in the military with no documents. Did they vote?
If It was so great. Then why did Obama himself say it is unconstitutional before he did it and put an expiration date on it? #DACA
I strongly urge you to do your job & put forth proper legislation instead of relying on the work around DACA Obama did. Stop being a puppet
Go Amy!  MN stands with you!
No one cares what you think you should care what #Americans think&want! No more #IllegalAliens
I'll bet for the sake of betting that the political votes by the deported all fall under an opposing political view than Congress.
The action may be halted by the supreme court when it's founf the political motivation in these removals stems from their voting voting hist
Here is the problem - his base is mostly white uneducated people - he has a problem with educated minorities in return that bothers his base
You disagree that Congress should deal with it?
Agreed. So how about attaching DACA bill to Hurricane Harvey relief bill. There is strong bipartisan support for both right now.
BE Angry W/Obama
HE BROKE LAW giving false hope2illegals.
ILLEGALS Broke law!
WE'RE NATION OF LAWS.
I'M from"LEGAL" IMMIGRANTs.
#NoExcuses
I am thankful to have a senator who fights for what is right and what is important
Stop tweeting. Work in Congress.
Tell that to don the con
What is the law?  And what will the law be going forward
Congress never voted on this. This was an illegal temporary order.
Even Dianne Feinstein says it has 2 end bc it's shaky legal ground-Obama wrote as temporary deportation by EO. Trump gave 2 congress fix.
If i had to do as much work as congress is going to have to do i would be upset to. Congress will have to make a law and then see if SCOTUS.
Thank you, Senator. You do good work.
#showusthevotes #DACA
If you would have done your job on immigration #DACA wouldn't have been necessary in the first place so spare us your meaningless rhetoric.
She did. She voted to make DACA law. Republican leadership REFUSED to even put it to a vote in the House.

Good Amy, now is the time to work together and come up with a bill to take care of it. It's time to stop kicking the can down the road.
It's congress' job to create laws. Why you would want executive orders, is beyond me
As an attorney one would think you would understand Obama signed an illegal temporary EO. It's your job to create law! Start working for MN!
DACA held hostage. Build the wall or else. Don't give in. The first thing I do when someone tries to hold my company hostage I fire them!
This falls entirely on the representatives of the people not fulfilling their obligation to our constitution. All must go!
Thank you
Lesson learned (probably not)-executive orders are like duct tape. Not permanent fixes in the long run
AK 2020!
I am looking to you to join with others to bring back humanity into the Senate chamber. DACA will show who Americans are and stand together.
Stop grandstanding - the POTUS is trying to get you and the other members of Congress to pass a Law.
While A Klobuchar supports ILLEGALS "Dreamin'-American(S) Dream has been STOLEN! 800,000 jobs/$4.2 bill in taxpayin' dollars 2 b exact
Plz don't agree to ANY funding for a wall. Thx. Love MN.
Maybe you should return your blue slips up there in Minnesota and let the Potus and Congress do their job.
Thank you for your support! You are a very responsible member of Congress!
If Congress would've done their job, this would be no problem.
Contact your legislature Rep. This is Congress' job to quit kicking down the road. Obama knew that. We all knew it. It's about time!
He made exactly the right decision, you are a political opportunist. You have stalled immigration reform and created another disaster. #wcco
The I suggest you get off twitter and go do something about it.
Please Dems, insist on attaching the clean, bipartisan Dream Act to the Harvey aid bill. DACA needs that assurance and quick action.
you had how long to do something.  DO YOUR JOB

Thank you.
I STRONGLY disagree with U Amy. Read the Constitution. Obama admitted it himself it was unconstitutional but did it anyway. An EO is not law
Trump is doing what America wants - allowing our representatives decide
Then do something in congress

Then tell your Congress to get to work
Nothing to disagree with no other choice Obama Obama Obama.
Blame @BarackObama
How much more can WE THE PEOPLE take?  This is lunacy.  @keithellison  @RepErikPaulsen @SenFranken @GovMarkDayton
It's lunacy when this has been an issue for 50 years? You're all delusional.
I can't wait to get your geology...
Don't any of you read what our Potus said? Or do you just rely on biased Amy for her fear-peddling skewed news? Here. I'll help you.
Mom
Amy do your job. They are here illegally.  If you want to grant amnesty draft a law.  Then explain to those in the process legally.
Don't conflate what may or may not be a good idea with the proper constitutional way to do it! Executive does NOT make laws Congress does!
So do you also say this every time Trump issues an Exec Order?
Well that's different, because reasons.
Worried he's throwing stuff at congress to  paralyze them while he does diether damage and uses gowdy to derail investigations.Scared for us
Please do what you can to change this "ruling" and go up against Sessions paranoia.  Thank you.
Thank you for speaking up and for your leadership. I'm proud to have you as my senator. #MNstrong
Loser!
Amy, don't be so nice. You are as pissed as the rest of us, maybe more. You know how government is supposed to work. Rs should be ashamed
How government is supposed to work is Congress passes laws & the president does not go around congress when he can't get his way
Then why has he been doing it?
Thank you!
Then you are a bad American
Senator, please encourage our MN attorney general to follow lead of Washington & New York State, & sue DT to keep DACA.These kids ARE home!
https://www.hillaryclinton.com/issues/immigration-refor …
Amy .... pass a law. Make it happen
Thank you for your leadership on this critical issue, @amyklobuchar! #DefendaDACA #DACA
What leadership on this issue???
