might this be deliberate chaos to distract from Bannon putting himself on NSC?
@KHoffman3026 @nytimes
An Obama appointee and a Hillary donor. Imagine that a left wing activist who knows nothing about the Constitution.
Thank you for speaking out!
proud to call you my senator. pls keep fighting loudly against trump's draconian EOs. we need your help now more than ever!
@BrookeBass18 @nytimes if they have a proper visa then they will be fine.
Read! Many of the people detained HAVE been vetted. Some risked their lives to work with our military. Some have children here.
so glad you can be so cavalier about sending people away...We did that to people in WWII, they died in camps.
it makes sense to split up families? Send a man who helped the army fight daesch back to where he is in danger?
You think people who are already vetted; who've gone through the processes to get here are a risk?
we need to question ALL that are coming to America!!!
there you have it folks, a Democrat owning bringing ppl from a war zone without vetting. Cluelessness on display. UN puppets
if you could actually read, they've been vetted.  Stop showing your purposeful ignorance and learn the facts.
vetted from a war zone?  Go kiss the senator's ass. The only possible vetting could be done with Yazidis. U r a useless idiot
and yes you should research what acutally happens before you rail against it.
I have researched the liberal stupidity for 8 years. I also have 8 years of compassionate conservatism. Trump won deal with it
for someone who insisted they did research, you are really uninformed.
Glad to see @amyklobuchar outraged at refugee detentions & executive order. Keep fighting for us Senator!
Senator, you were so well-spoken on MSNBC just now. And you didn't have to yell. Thank you!
Nonsensical #AlternativeFacts

You can block all confirmation business until/unless he rescinds it. Use your power and leverage as a senator.
this is outrageous.
With respect @amyklobuchar & @SenFranken, you both voted for DHS dir Kelly. He no doubt worked on the EO with Trump. You failed us. @nytimes
Nobody at DHS was consulted about the EO before Trump wrote/signed it
obama did the same thing in 2011, how is it outrageous now?
Please take the LEAD! Congress can override executive orders. #MuslimBan
please work with others in DC to help us speak out! We won't stand for these outrageous acts but we feel powerless.
Sen. Amy do not give up hope & protection of our value & human right 4 all ppl deserved it...
Oh goody - more outrage from the left.  We're enjoying not being the outraged ones for once.
Republicans are causing hate and intolerance and social injustice...I wouldn't be so smug.
Until you listen to someone who disagrees, instead of calling names, no point arguing
you dont get to spread misinformation and hate and then claim victim when someone calls you out on it.
Im not playing victim. I'm happy! Classic liberal putting words in people's mouths and then criticizing them for the lies!
I get that this concept is hard for you to get...That is the danger of believing in alternative facts
I understand fully I just disagree. We can do that in this country, maybe you weren't aware
yep, you can totally disagree. You're still wrong, though.  Alternative facts dont make you right in the real world.
Thank you for sharing yesterday. Excellent call to action for my family that spread quickly. We appreciate your leadership!
Congress needs to take immediate action! This president cannot be allowed to disregard the Constitution.
I believe this is outrageous and DJT's arrogance should be stopped.
It becoming like beast...
Are YOU going to speak up against it?
this must be shared - we must stand up and speak out! Please interview Sen Klobuchar
but what will you do to stop this, Senator?
Yes!!
Resist Trump's inhumane orders!
why is Our other senator silent. This must not stand by all loving Americans
Trump is doing a great job America ! MAGA 
Keep fighting the good fight @amyklobuchar
What is your plan?

 Tweet about it
 [Do something — what?]
 [Do something — what?]
 [Do something — what?]
Say 'what' again. Say 'what' again, I dare you, I double dare you @bigboxcar, say what one more Goddamn time!
Agreed. So can you now please push for legislative action to force GOP senators to take a stand (rather than be silent)?
what can/will the Senate do to stop this?
yes. Speaking out and creating sanctuaries. But how are our lawmakers stepping up? What is the plan?
What are you and the other Dem senators going to do about it? Need you leading resistance, not voting for cabinet members.
Amy, as your constituent, what are you going to do about this? Do something.
IMHO the exec order qualifies as a high crime & misdemeanor!
Trump  sending mn national guard to Guantanamo.What's he going to do send refugees there and have camp's like Hitler.
- we can share and complain, but it's up to Congress to change it. Beliefs are not enough. #antiracistactionneeded
yes,
It is. Please stop voting yes on his Cabinet picks.
As the cliche Goes,Sen."Talk is Cheap! "Take Action&Impeach Trump! !
Sen.Instead of hyperbole,U&ALL of Congress Need to.Begin Impeachment of Trump!!
YOU do something!  That's Why You're there, senator. Let's see some action.  ACTION. You are failing us.
what can we do to help prevent this Muslim ban?
No Amy; this is common sense. You just don't get it. Some of these people are future terrorists.
What can elected officials do?? Please tell me we are not simply at the mercy of Trump and his pen.
Just called @amyklobuchar to thank her for her opposition to refugee executive order & support for legal challenge to this deplorable action
So your solution is for us to retweet?
I'm glad I voted for you when I lived in MN. I wish I had senators like you in TN.
This makes me so ashamed for our country.  Shame on the president
I have confidence that you & @alfranken will be on the right side of this. @RepErikPaulsen, what say you, sir? Time to speak!
Senator, we are sharing - we need Congress to take action against the harm this maniac is unleashing on the world
@reesetheone1 @nytimes  Time to get some Republicans to quit being greedy or submissive and STAND UP TO HIM. Get em on board!
@alfranken As our Senators we ask that you do something about this. Outrage means nothing if there is no action.
.@amyklobuchar what are you going to do about it?
Will they ever answer us and this question honestly?
My heart to is racing and my blood is boiling.
What are you and the Senate Democrats going to do to deal with this abomination?
what sort or action can we take?!? What can we do? Support from Minneapolis.
Amy do what you can to help please
Glad you are speaking out. This crosses a line into cruelty. Please fight like hell against this.
What can be done about this! Surely he can fight while remaining on US soil?
what are Dems doing about it?? The world is watching as our core values are unraveling. OBSTRUCT. FIGHT. STOP HIM
Senator, I'm one of your grateful Minnesotan constituents, and it's good to see you as mad about this as we are.
this is appalling. Who are we supposed to speak out to? It feeling like shouting into the void. #scared #outraged
you must organize every moderate Republican and Democrat. All of you must stop this now. #Resist

@molson52 @nytimes
Thank you for speaking out! Stay loud! MN has your back.
Having a senator who opposes #Drumpf is one of the only things making me feel less hopeless. Thankyou!!!
- Don't talk about it, do something about it. Less talk more action.
absolutely unAmerican
Plz get Dem senators together. We want to hear their voices loud & clear against this outrage. Hope Reps will join.
is this a dictatorship? This is not what our Constitution is about!
#NotMyPresident ban left out countries he does biz in & ones 911 hijackers came from: Leb, Egypt, UAE & SA. @nytimes
You voted to confirm the Defense Secretary who was by the President's side as he signed the order.
Challenge all you want, refugees have no rights in this country. #SendThemAll Back
so you were native to this land?  Or are your ancestors from another country?
My ancestors were native to this land #Cherokee and the others came in LEGALLY so what's your point?
refugees are also coming to this country legally.  Learn the facts.
Not any longer, you learn the facts snowflake. Obamas Lawless reign of terror is over
I guess basic reading comprehension and reasoning eludes you.  It mentions belonging to an organization
do something about it.
the exact words I was going to say. It's frustrating seeing the dems not do more. No ones safe in 2018.
Minnesota says stop sending unvetted refugees. Stop the partisan resistance and protect us first above party
Thank you for speaking up and sharing this story.  This is not normal. #Indivisible #MuslimBan
We are.

You need to obstruct him. On everything. 

All the things, Senator. Everything
what are you doing about it?
oops, suck to be them. There's a new Sheriff in town! American Vets first!
You should make yourself 100% available to the media to make sure everyone knows about this
Im sure the Orlando, Boston Marathon, 9/11, and countless victims and survivors would beg to differ with ur outrage!
Omar Mateen  and Dzhokar Tsarnaev were born here. None of the 9/11 terrorists came from countries Trump banned
your ignorance is astounding me me I  I disgraceful
Like I was saying...if they could speak out they would but they're  gone forever! Why? Intolerance
in large part because of obama. To be exact Weakness!
Do something!!!!
Amy what are YOU doing about it?  This cannot stand.
need your strong opposition Senator, on this and so much more.
Okay. What are YOU planning to do?
I'm tweeting that this is wrong. What else can I do? Guidance please. Actions we can take immediately?
German women sounded just like u few yrs back. Official advice => feeling unsafe, stay home/change looks to fit in
not going to go quietly. My civil rights and yours under attack. It's our duty to exercise our civil liberties.
Which of your civil liberties are under attack how?
have you been living under a rock for the last week? And you're now blocked.
We are. The @GOP needs to accept reality - they have a monster on their hands and we will remember they did this.
yes, when law is enforced, outrageous! When rape and murder happen, its cause we didnt give them enough, right?
