Stop with the propaganda BS!  I voted for you because you have been reasonable about legislation until the ACA.take lead & do right thing
Please do all you can, thank you
Please fight for health care not health in$urance! People over corporations! #SinglePayer
Keep the focus on one battle at a time and human dignity may yet survive.
Time to work together!   That's way we send you there ... to
debate together!
Senator great to see you tonight on Rachel Maddow
Thank you @amyklobuchar Keep up the great work for America... Think Single Payer and #StopInsuranceGouging
Yes by giving health industry 800 million to keep afloat for 6 months. It's over let it burn down
Don't you mean, "We can still force millions to buy coverage they may not want or need"?
Expose the big lie.
Eric Cantor admits to @elainaplott in new @washingtonian that he "never believed" his own talk of Obamacare repeal. 
What coverage do you have ?  I want to know your plan-am I not "entitled" to the same or you have the same as mine. I am paying for yours
very true, why are you @amyklobuchar @alfranken & staff exempt from Obamacare & on your own lavish coverage. introduce bill to end exemption





Keep calling 
Senator, can you please share Dems plan, amendments, messaging re HealthC options? Rather see us on offense rather than defense/blame.
Keeping the faith with you! Keep on fighting!
Trumpcare is an insult to the Judeo CHRISTIAN foundation of morality and human behavior. Give them hell
More than even you realize.
Go get, 'em! I stand with you here in Minneapolis.
I contacted your office multiple times re: those of us affected...no follow up from your office (or Al's). So we know where we stand.
Amy...where is your concern for us who had insurance before Obamacare and lost it as a result?  Any support being thrown our way from you?
separate the Medicaid expansion from the price gouging exchanges and group policies. WHERE IS A DEMOCAT AMENDMENT TO DO THAT?
Please keep fighting!!
Please keep on fighting for those who are unable. We need to reestablish the rule of law & system of checks & balances
Yes @amyklobuchar keep up the good fight. Need both sides of the aisle working together. #HealthcareBill
Dig in and hold your ground. A lot of people are depending on you and your fellow senators to do the right thing for the American people.
If GOP passes any bill that takes away vs. increases access to care they should all be voted out in 2018. That would really drain the swamp!
We need all Senators to stop the destructive path Mitch, Ryan, and Trump have determined to take at all costs to the health of our nation
What about us that lost our coverage under Obamacare
Hang in there Amy!
Who is actually crafting a workable health care bill?
We the people would like to see the progress.
Please keep up the fight! @SenFranken
Senator @amyklobuchar
knowsThat>100K IAVA Vets
in #BurnPitRegistry,
butNotRecognizedYetByVA,
willLoseHealthInsurance
http://woodstockearth.blogspot.com/2016/12/burn-pits-of-iraq-andafghanistan-atoxic.html …
Senator @amyklobuchar
caresAbtOurVets
proposedLaw2Help
#IAVA Vets
exposed2Toxic #BurnPits
http://cbsloc.al/2oJIZeI 
WE
http://woodstockearth.blogspot.com/2016/12/burn-pits-of-iraq-andafghanistan-atoxic.html …
CBO said 22M would gain ins with bamacare...12 million signed up...hmm pls work together and forget about personal agendas
Thank you  Amy
Someone tell these families, next time don't vote Repub!
What difference does,it make, the high deductible makes going in to the doctor Un affordable anyhow
Amy, why not work with the other side of the aisle? Both sides play this game and we citizens lose. #noaccountability @danobrien1972
10,s of millions won't lose coverage. They will have the freedom to choose if they want it or not. Big difference. #RepealObamacare
You are a wise one, Mr. O'Brien!
Obstructionism is not 'team work'. It's just obstruction!
If we have learned nothing else, Ryan and McConnell R the Original zombie makers...
Please keep fighting for us
So do you have Obama care i think not. Its over priced and under insured. Its crap
Will you talk about or support Single Payer? It's a winning issue.
Expand present 0-18 to 0-24 y but to all infant to adult .. get healthy group then expand every 5 yrs.. until Medicare
Been over for a time now. All we can do is watch-
Nothing like midnight calls and emails to give pause.  Still time to stop the harm.
Thank you Amy. 
What are the current ideas floating around America at the moment to save healthcare ? Or at least make sure we have a choice! I want to help
Go Amy!
#SaveMedicaid #SaveTheACA #iamapreexistingcondition #TrumpCareKills
Um...they're already loosing their insurance.  Companies are running from Ocare...what's your plan, just keep it?  It's not going to work.
Keep fighting this awful attack on accessible health care!
@RedTRaccoon Please, thank you for representing best interest of the people.
Thank you! 
You go gurl, BURNSVILLE MN supports you ans the Dems! #KeepStrongAmy JohnMcCain4President!!
But millions who don't want to buy....they must remain compelled.
Too often you have failed the "courage" test.
Please help us!
Tens of millions never bought into ACA & Ins Co's R gone. I'm counting on Benefits Like all u Reps have-servants of the ppl. Dems delusion.
We are all counting on you!!
I don't know any Yadults w/ hlthcare. They can't afford ACA! GoFundMe & VFW fundrsrs is how we pay. We want your coverage-what Reps have OK?
No one is losing healthcare. They are voting to end expensive crappy health insurance. Smart people know the difference.
Thank you!!!
What do WE need to do to stop this insanity? We're behind you -- we're for America -- but there must be a call to action for us
Make us proud as Minnesotans!!
Please remain strong!!
TY!
Get on board with single payer
Fight like hell! U shd start a kidnap a R Senator fund so they can't destroy our HC!!
Extremely sad that this has to be said, especially with the "Pro-Life" party in charge.
what about the MN families that lost their healthcare insurance because of Obamacare - do you care about them?
No, it's not. It is now up for debate. Why the overreaction from everyone? #scaretactics #votesatanycost #healthcare
Obstructionist! who gave use a giant redirection of tax dollars to insurance companies. Nobody who wants insurance will lose a thing
I hope Dems will introduce their own plan
Thank you! Advice on what we need to do?
God damned right we are.
"losing health care" because they will no longer be forced to buy it. 70% of CBO losses are from the removal of individual mandate
Still not very hopeful given how feckless & liberal the .@GOP in Congress is these days .@amyklobuchar. As bad as #RadicalizedDemocrats
I haven"t been more hopeful that the @GOP will FINALLY honor the will of the people & repeal the disastrous ACA .@amyklobuchar
The GOP just voted to own Health Care  % there is no more claiming failure to close is Democrats fault This is all you now! Count the votes
If they cannot produce results that the American people get behind, then the GOP will be fired for cause in 2018
Thank you fighting! I wish you were my senator. You're close! I love my state but we've lost our way......
Please fight for Us! We can only do so much! @indivisible_nmh
How
We arent giving up, we cant peacefully protest any more. They voted to kill me. Tell me what you would do with that? Prison has healthcare
@dncfraudlawsuit #AwanBrothers #DNCPakistan your party is done.
Good try Senator, but it's over
pls slip in an amendment so congress members only get the WORST of all possible coverage resulting from the bill.
How?????
WE MUST STOP THIS HC BILL
Millions of American/VETS will lose
HC and resulting 200,800+American
deaths to give tax brk to wealthy
Americans!
Is this acceptable??
Filibuster please!  The Trump Republicans are out of control. Folks will remember who acted & who didn't  to protect necessary health care!
Thank you Senator.  We have your back
Good girl, keep the drive going
When the better health care bill is law
My terminally ill husband is counting on you. #CurePSP #SaveACA
Thanks Amy, for representing us! Now,what can we do to save the Mueller investigation? Pls do anything a Dem Sen can to keep investigation.
The only people we can count on is ourselves. Organize, we can do better. Single payer universal health care for all. Vote da bastards out
I'm a Minnesotan on ACA. I can't afford it ($500/mo)and can't use it ($6k deductible).

What's your suggestion? Mine is flush it, start over
Do it, then.
Thanks you, @amyklobuchar. We know you and the other senators that truly care about the people of our great nation will never give up!
WE WILL RESIT UNTIL little donnie @realDonaldTrump HAS BEEN IMPEACHED!
Asking for John McCain's healthcare plan for every American. Am in MN and Mayo for all.
Keep working for us,Amy.
Never give up. If you do then your like PUPPET trump @realDonaldTrump
Please keep up the good and SO IMPORTANT work!!!!!!
If America had a truly representative demo, I would agree with you. But does it look to you like the GOP really cares about people?
Please tell us how it would be paid for. Those provisions of ACA were never enforced.
Thank you for your leadership. The people deserve public hearings and expert testimony & analysis regarding any health care bills.
All right, Senator. Get a voice at the table and fight for the good parts of ACA.  The Senate is much more moderate than House.
Health insurance is not health care!  Controling cost of the care is the only thing that will make healthcare affordability a reality.
Please do not give up. Please vote against whatever atrocity they put forth.
Yes they are. Good luck
I am counting on us!
100% with you Senator Klobuchar
Keep up the good work! 
@SenateDems better stay away from this, it's insanely unpopular and it only takes 1 dem vote for @GOP to call it bipartisan
Let Poland be an example to Americans as to how to protest in solidarity for as long as it takes to be respected. The people hold the POWER!
I hope you are right, but I have major doubts. For reasons I cannot fathom, killing people to save face makes sense to your colleagues. :-(
We won't stop fighting either!  We cannot let millions of Americans loose their healthcare and medicaid!
Again, Amy: thank you!
Amy, we need you to run for president in 2020. You would have my vote in a heartbeat!
Thank you Senator Klobuchar for your strength of character and words of encouragement. Keep fighting the good fight for all.

Please run in 2020; I am so inspired by you
I'm very disappointed! But woman don't falter I'll sacrifice my self on 5th avenue for our country!! And give trump the date w/ a loaded gun
Shoot me cold blood and let's test his voters??
Then please do something productive instead of simply taking the opposing position all the time.
Proud that you and Al Franken are my senators. Not impressed with cowardly invisible @RepErikPaulsen.
Amy thank you for for fighting for us, I only wish one of my senators would stand up for their constituents like you do.
Feeling so helpless now. My checkbook and pen however are ready to donate to challengers to vulnerable Rs during their next election cycles.
Thank you Senator for working to preserve the ACA and protect Minnesota's families and others at risk of losing coverage
Thank you, Senator! Proud to be your constituent.
Thank you Sen Klobuchar
Thanks for that. If you see #SenToomey please educate him on healthcare. He's probably at dinner with #BetsyDeVos, as usual, she'll pay.
When you say "keep from losing", what you mean is "forced to buy".
Thank you Senator!  I am one person who is definitely counting on you and my Senators, Senator Maggie Hassan and @SenatorShaheen .
What are we suppose to do?
we have to stop being nice Senator. We need to hire lawyers that look for unethical loopholes and stop this!
Nah this administration will have to be removed by the militia. They have proven unstoppable other wise, hell straight admit to trwason
This was like choosing 2 get 2nd opinion for folks who want 2 DO RIGHT THING?
Not smug win.
Sadly DJT stomped on McCains Civility ask.
#BOOM
What, specifically, can/should those with Dem Senators do?  People in Michigan aren't calling because our Senators are already voting yes.
Why are these republicans so cruel and heartless?  Why
How? What can regular Americans do to fight when GOP is breaking procedural rules?? Need direction, plz!
Bullshit. GOP steamrolled and you allowed it. Disgraceful for both parties. Devastating for the American people.
This is what happens when Feds take over.  The people are at the mercy of whichever party is in power. Too bad we've federalized everything
Dear god make it happen and make it happen soon! There has to be someone willing and able to stop this train wreck!!!
Thank you for all that you do.
What can be done Amy?
Know what could have helped?

IF YOU HAD BEEN FIGHTING FOR SINGLE PAYER, YOU COWARD.
Thank you for your work I would love to see a bipartisan bill and show pres trump he can not divided our government
He has made a mockery of the presidency His party won't speak up Dems need a fresh strong voice The Boy Scout speech was scary
Profoundly baffling.
Thank you for fighting this!
Thank you!!
How? Wats ya plan/ idea
Thank you Senator. Keep up the fight.
Senator PLEASEThe democratics desperately have to find a way to take back congress senate White House something He needs to go
Why not support health care reform debate? Is your "Better Deal" just say no & let the ACA founder? Where is the bipartisan effort you tout?
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for that loud, angry no. You are a gift to MN!
Gift! Gift! Okay what about your Muslim problem
No one is losing their healthcare unless Obama care continues.
Stop lying
Thank you Senator for standing strong against @GOP's unAmerican attack on the people they were elected to serve.
Tell that to Ron Johnson, John McCain, & all the GOP who voted against their constituents to rob Americans of healthcare
Thank you, Senator. Reach across that aisle like you do so well and protect those in need.
I'M counting on you @amyklobuchar. #FightOn
As my senator, thanks for voting against the MTP.
You put America over Party And Protect 20 million Vulnerable American s @JohnKasich @GeorgeWBush Agree with @billclinton
This constant anxiety is making us ill.  We paid for medicaid ans SS.
They are stealing our futures.  I'm 57 and the futures grim.
I'm terrified! Our country is in deep trouble. I sure wish Mueller would hurry up!
It's over for the millions of people who are going to die.
Won't give up but will take the night off to regroup. Thank you for your conscience.
Geez. Now reading that we must start fighting NOW. [Girding loins.]
Please get up there and tell America what this is.  A blatant lie by the administration to score political points with Big Money.
Thank you Amy, discussion in the open on healthcare is needed, no more closed doors, universal coverage plan for all please
OMG! Dems are not listening. @potus won because us in the Midwest and Rust belt are sick of the BS. Yet you continue down the same path 
I'm always grateful that you are my Senator, but today, I am especially grateful to have someone who cares about people in office.  Thank U!
Keep fighting for our insurance Amy! Filibuster through amendment!!
Please fight like you're fighting for your life! Signed, a constituent
We need you and @alfranken to help push your Republican associates to #KillTheBillDontKillUs
We won't give up. And we won't forget. @SenateGOP
Yup, we are counting on you. And all Senators who have a conscience and a sense of responsibility to their constituents.
Thank you for your work. Please keep pushing your colleagues & providing facts + alternatives. We need to #SaveACA and improve it for all.
I admire your positivity and tirelessness. I don't know how you do it. The daily news is a continual nightmare.
Vote is cover for GOP who will not support it. Some moved it forward having no intention to vote for it. McCain is one? HOPE I'M RIGHT.
You have my support. Please do everything in your power to preserve the ACA and protect healthcare for millions of people.
+1!
