Can we use the "adult daycare line" in conjunction w/ the words of Sec. of State & "Rocket Man"? As in: the expletive moron dotard...
@tomrufer - not sure how you got tagged in this response. A friendly twitter hello. Hope all is well w/you and your family.
That Depends.
Love this!
And we need you & @SenFranken and other elected officials with common sense to keep calling him out on this everyday everytime #DonnyDayCare
Al Franken is one of the dumbest SOB in Washington DC .I love watching liberals head explode.MAGA2020.
It might help if you all held a news conference every once in a damned while and said these things in fiery tones.
No guts. Fearful of losing to Mercer/Koch backed stooges.
Or maybe they don't want to admit to an enormous mistake.
Liberal hate baitors!!
He is unfit.
Whom.
History will reflect that Trump single handily destroyed the American Dream in the first year of his presidency.
Senator- please help get dangerous POTUS out of WH. We are all scared  here. #Impeach45
E.g., x2vc3 x,""6 /t s ebcz, 
 Z -= xb. I5vs, crz3ss
Glad u like him "a lot", but that asshole was one of the Republicans who praised/normalized Trump early on. I have NO respect 4 him. 
trump is a humiliation to the United States. It's going to take us a long time 2 get over the stench & putrid BS that he & his admin spews!
I call the POTUS action of attacking or firing staff as being Trumpled.
Corker is corrupt , sweet mall deal .He is also under investigation.
Amy "whom"
I think everyone dislocated by storms should be relocated to the White House until their homes are restores
Absolutely. This goes down in history.
Bob corker has shown his true back stabbing  nature
No, they should have the guts to defend themselves.
I read somewhere that place is a dump. Smells like urine and sweat.
Scammer tRump clogs the toilet, so go before you visit.
We gotta impeach!
For what exactly?
The White House has been reduced to a middle school playground with the bully in chief calling the shots. #25thAmendmentNow #impeach45
That would make Trump BOTUS. If you take into account his lting, he would be the bully liar of the United States or BLOTUS.
I don't support his antics,  but I don't think anyone in Congress is in a position to point fingers.
POTUS is unhinged and a threat to our Republic. What are you doing about it?
Is “Drenched” what happens when your Oval Office is porcelain, and your best work requires a bidet? #AmyKlobucharRocks
That is the winning statement of the year! Like Graham and now Corker - the aisles are starting to come together for Americans!
Yes, Trump should be in adult day care because of his temper tantrums!
I know you're right
Yeah.....  playing "I'm rubber/you're glue" is so much more productive than just flat out obstruction...  2018 can't get here fast enough!!!
Amy you're my hero
Best line of the week
@RepErikPaulsen @VP @POTUS 
Dear Amy,
Please dust off your Hennepin County Attorney hat, draft a bill to revoke NFL antitrust exemption.
He happens to tell us what is up with his Twitter storm #justlikeyou
Gotta try that out. #adultdaycare
Can you slap some sense in the @GOP and tell them to shut the #TrumpDayCare down already? The world is sick of this show!
nice metaphor.
Trump is mentally unstable mentally incompetent pay attention trump trying to pit one against other we as Americans
Be careful, Senator. POTUS thinks he can fire you!   #Constitutionhard
Corker should have been bothered about it before retiring.
Corker is proof that politicians' thoughts words and actions are 100% determined not by values or patriotism, only by whatever buys votes.
Fear not the mean tweet, for it is an empty exercise and quickly forgotten.
Isn't Corker involved in a deal to receive millions from a tax subsidized shopping center which is the reason he's not running?
So much real work for congress and leader McConnell is doing nothing to help Americans
Explain to me how water runs uphill
Why, if GOP agrees with Corker that DT is a hazard, are they doing nothing? This is dangerous.  Country before politics.
Lind can’t stand a WH that pushes back on the MSM. You are a mamby pamby and it is time for you to retire. Hypocrite and a fraud.
Make sure Mr. Corker is not replaced with a zealot like Roy Moore. These seats should be our focus. Impeachment is a pipe dream.
Truth hurts.  Glad we finally have a @POTUS who is not PC BS. We have a fighter MAGA
In other news, Bob Corker votes with Trump over 90% of the time.
The go to response by the press should be to ignore them #StopFeedingTheBeast
This might have the benefit of being literally true, as I'm convinced Trump has some sort of age-related cognitive decline, e.g. dementia,
Well look who’s tweeting now. The biggest baby of all
Bring your babies to the "White House Daycare"  that's their new moto.
That was probably the greatest description of the White House I had ever read. 
Dear @amyklobuchar ,
I do not know what your message means.
This needs to a be regular talking point on TV and radio interviews by all members of congress!
It's obvious to many of us out here T rump is not qualified or competent  What will be the tipping point for selfish Republicans?
Let’s talk about adult daycare now
Worth anything was Paulenty we had a surplus not deficit didn’t spend money foolishly or impose laws on farmers without know facts
#AdultDayCare
Only five counties in this state matter to you keep going like that and for what has been going on in this state the last governor that was
Dems get voted in by five counties in this state because they don’t care and have a cranial anal inversion
Talking about neither do you or Al Franken if you cared about farmers you would make laws like that keep attacking farmers that is why
Maybe Trump doesn’t like to be pissed done. He may only like watching
There isn’t a ditch in this state where the edge is sloped towards the ditch the top edge is sloped away he don’t have a clue what he is
Five county’s him or Hillary wouldn’t have won this state put more buffers in biggest land grab in this states history
Thanks Corker -- americans feel the same way -- Trump needs a "Time Out" for 3 more years
If you haven’t caught on I am talking about Dayton he wasn’t much for a senator he isn’t much of a governor and if it weren’t for
Runs out when he don’t like what he is hearing
We need our governor out of office too he acts more like a child than the president especially if he don’t get his way he kicks and screams
He's a danger to us all.  Jokes aren't enough.
CONGRESS - INVOKE ARTICLE 25
Yes, indeed. Best line in ages.
 Go Senator Klobuchar
I'm so proud of Corker. Hopefully his Repub colleagues will stand up now. We have to remove him somehow
nazis just tookover the party and already all they care about are cheap smears. Youve been embedded a long time havent you
Definitely!
It was great! Just so he doesn't take aim at you next! I am so grateful to have you and Al watching out for us.  Scary times.
It was the first time I clapped out loud...for a tweet.
Amen to that!!!
Except he’s mostly right...
I’m not so sure. It almost feels like an insult to adult daycare facilities.
I'm in.  His new mob name, his "made" name is now #DonnieDaycare
You're just begging for it to be your turn next! lol
#DonnyDaycare
I'm not giving the GOP credit until they start saying what they think before they decide to retire.
Kinda seems like an anti-elderly, anti-disabled slur. Really poor taste.
Amy - I sincerely hope your use of the word “drenched” was not referencing one of Trumps favorite “indecent activities”! 
Congress is daycare. Few adults there. A good look in the mirror reveals obstructionists doing nothing for America
Please protect this country from its leader! After all you know, he is unfit and the 25th Amendment needs to be invoked! I think it's time
Did you really say "drenched"?
Though I have policy differences, @SenBobCorker is smart and reasoned -- qualities which annoy and elude Trump.
Oh good, my crazy mn senator felt it necessary to chime in on hysterical childish social media bickering.
I agree! Also, what about the Senator’s WW3 remark? If he honestly thinks Trump is leading us that direction...That’s incredibly concerning.
Just makes me worry more about the child President
In any other time, this comment would be amusing & light hearted.
We are in this time, this predicament all together. It is what it is...
...This is what is happening to me. This is what is happening to my neighbor. This is what is happening to my family
It's real & NOT NORMAL!
I see hope take a back seat. I see tolerance treated as an annoyance. I feel no connection to this concocted America wanted by few.
UMBRA!
How about you all INVOKING THE 25TH? #25thAmendmentNow
@amyklobuchar that statement is disgusting coming from a Rep from MN. Have more class!
We will turn MN red at the next election & out you go

Encouraging that kind of rhetoric does nothing to bridge the division in the US. Do you choose to be part of the problem or the  solution?
The problem isn’t that the Dems don’t want to work with the Reps but vice versa. It’s time for the Reps to DO something, #25thamendment?
Tell'em Amy!
Or perhaps we could. I don’t know. Do something?  Like remove him from office?  Please. We’re f*cking terrorized here.
And your line should be about caring for us that pay 63% of our pay to support social programs
I think you are beginning to realize that America is sick and tired of incompetent politicians
If so many senators agree w Corker, why aren’t you all acting to remove him? #UnfitToLead #SaveOurDemocracy
Because they too are unfit.
And how about starting proceedings to get Trump out of office before he starts WWIII, like Corker also mentioned??
Only if he follows this up by announcing he will caucus with Dems, I will believe he is serious in denouncing Trump
But why can't you all do something about it? I guess I really don't understand how you all can sit back and let 45 keep doing what he does?
@amyklobuchar is a Senator. Articles of Impeachment start in the House. The Senate then holds the trial.
Got it! Thank you!
I think Congress has spent too long refraining from calling the WH what it is. Glad to see you stepping up, Sen. Klobuchar!
I just wish we had an adult in the WH.
White House misspells Betsy DeVos' title as 'educatuon' secretary
I'll see if I can work it into my repertoire
More in the GOP need to call out the unstable and unsavory Trump.
You got it Senator!
Please for the love of God will all of you do something, he's going to get people killed, we're terrified
One-China policy gone awry: White House identifies Xi as president of wrong country https://usat.ly/2uCZ9tw  via @usatoday
I kinda hope each Repub Senator has their own line. We could even hand out an award, after the impeachment.

Oh man, watch Israeli ambassador Ron Dermer (on right couch) react when Trump says—in Israel—"We just got back from the Middle East." 

In May Trump said health insurance costs $15 per month. Yesterday he said $12 per year. He deserves credit for slashing premiums by 93%!
Agreed! Is there anything you and your Senate colleagues can do to assure us Trump won't do something dangerous like start WW3? Hide codes?
If it happens I hope you get drafted.
Really hoping the GOP will get on board and get rid of everyone at the top.  It truly is frightening what our @POTUS is doing to our country

The president, to @maggieNYT and @GlennThrush, on the Second Avenue subway.

Not a word of this is true. 
Perhaps @SenBobCorker will give @GOP colleagues permission to question staunch loyalties & we can strt to wrk together?
It is unsettling to know that if he has many colleagues who agree, they aren't being as forthcoming.
Unsettling? It's an outrage.

I still can't get over Trump's incoherence in suggesting that HEALTH INSURANCE costs $12/YEAR because HE KNOWS NOTHING! @Lawrence 
Please introduce a bill to strip the presidents powers to launch nuclear weapons.
Trump: "I don't stand by anything." "President Trump's interview in the Oval Office: Full Transcript"
Thank you Senator Amy for this
His quote should go into the Smithsonian Institution.
Also? Dude voted against gun control every time. And you like him a lot.

Sort of suggests I'll be voting for your primaries opponent.
Yeah, you don't have to agree with someone 100% of the time to still like them on a personal level.  It's what most humans do.
I tend to dislike people who consistently vote to oppress and kill people like me.

My favorite part is where he doesn't get W's analogy about "hiding in corners" lmao 
how al doing, did you suck his dick enough? or will he require more ?
Gen. Kelly spends most of his days baby proofing the White House.

What are you personally doing to stop this train? It's getting pretty scary out here. Thank you for your work
You can't stop the #TrumpTrain
I may not agree with his politics, like, at all, but damn that was a good burn.

This is Bob... 

Seems like a guy who made 83 corrections to his Senate disclosures in 2015- going back to his entry in 2007, would have amended returns also
https://twitter.com/JoshRosner/status/917086009409589249 …
thats cool. adopting leftism instead of centrism would be the bigger #Own though
Senator Bob Corker deserves all the credit he receives!
If only ya'll had been using it back when Trump announced his candidacy by calling my family rapists and murders, huh?
