We must insist on vote by mail to avoid any interference its done in many states and costs less
I agree.  You know the Russians were targeting th Blue states.
Go get em Amy. Please dig into all Russian money the went to GOP w/o fear or favor We MUST clean this up, or it will be repeated @alfranken
5/ Get same day registration federally. Ensure all attempts to interfere with the democratic process are rigorously prosecuted.
Yes, this is so critical. Don't need to tamper with votes if you can keep people from voting in the first place.
Amy, if U EVER said Russia colluded with Trump, then U are hindering getting to the truth!
Thank you for fighting the good fight.Tip on #TrumpRussia why is the NRA sponsoring trips for Trump supporters to Russia? #SheriffClarke
SheriffClarke was there at same time as #MikeFlynn when he had dinner with Putin.
Is Congress missing opportunities to intervene?
Thank you for all that you do
Worried about voter fraud?  How about voter id?
This must be investigated by a non partisan committee!
Did you even read the article?!!!  They have NO IDEA if any hacking took place, or if it did, by whom.  Fake news.  Read before you post.
Thank you Amy!
you need voter ID to stop Dem corruption
Stay on this Amy ... we need the truth about the scandal that robed us of our struggles to move forward
.I'd settle for a receipt to serve as verification of my vote that I could produce as proof if an investigation ensues.
Such a terrifying scenario- the American people need to know whether we just witnessed an illegitimate succession of power.

Those who use voter fraud lies to insist on unnecessary, burdensome IDs dont care about clean elections or they would be investigating this
Thank-you for fighting for the integrity of our elections. Could you please post a link to your bill?
Geez...you all (Ds & Rs) just need to focus on doing the people's work....not waisting our money and time. @danobrien1972 @jmatteso1303
Why is this NOT being fully investigated by DOJ, FBI & EVERY STATE LE AGENCY? If we fail to FIX our systems it will happen again in 2018/20!
Glad you are publicizing this very troubling prospect, about which much more may be revealed. Thanks for your reasoned, patriotic efforts.
Curios...why wasn't ID required to vote in the last election? Voter fraud perhaps? Try blaming that one on Russia!
Curios? The kitsch thread is next door, dear. You're in the wrong country-- err, place.
'Yay! Free clean  hands free voter suppression!  Thanks uncle Vlad!   -I mean bad Vlad! No donut!' California representative Kevin McCarthy
In Mn we use paper print off of names and addresses of register voters.  I don't think we had trouble here but were not a swing state either
Hmm, lets be honest the Primary showed us that our election system is broken.  AZ, New York not to mention what u did as a Super Delegate.
Thank you, Senator Klobuchar! Please oppose the Sam Clovis nomination because he doesn’t meet the qualifications of the job.
What if Russian hacking narrative is really intended to herd states into a "Federal" elect sys whereby establishment candidates always win?
This should be a priority.  Thank you for representing our country.
Only ones that got hacked was the DNC and Hillary. They were the ones involved with Russia and proof is coming out. Voter ID would do more
Needs knowledgeable attention, not guesses.
Thank you, Amy. Shine a good strong light on those dark election-system corners!
Interesting how a place with such concern about fraud had such significant majority votes for HRC, don't you think? Seems fraud in her favor
I'm disappointed you would refer to a NY Times article as relevant with their continual bias.I expect impartiality from you Senator, 4theppl
We are behind you all the way Amy.
So you could be investigated, lets cause someone thinks you deal drugs at schools ,with no proof? A sitting senator.  Humm. Dangerous
They thanked him wtf is wrong? He breaks law and nothing. The president  doesn't and gets a special .prosecutor? A friend of comey illegal!
But mr comey can sit in front of congress tell them he leaked FBI info and nothing?  
Also lied about when he decided to not charge Hillary
Amy can you explain to me what do mr trump do to start an investigation?  If he broke no laws does that mean anyone can have this done
What about voter fraud by @DNC ? 
Nothing burger?
Russia hacking proven to be an insider job!
Trillions wasted on foreign wars while real national security risks are ignored.  Republicans are complicit.
How about we start by only letting citizens vote! ID required!
Interesting.  I didn't know you could legislate having John Podesta not fall for a phishing scam.
If the truth is not addressed then nothing will ever change, eventually the Dem party will go the way of the Whigs
How about instead of talking about Russia, talk about what is in those emails. How the DNC is completely corrupt and colluded with the media
If Russia hacked our elections why is all the evidence classified? What did Russia do besides release emails that no one has refuted.
Proven voter fraud in FL that gave HRC extra votes....any comment Amy? Same in CA....any comment? Or are you just still mad that HRC lost?
Thank you Senator Klobuchar!! This should b primary issue for all!!
Protections like requiring voter ID would work better
Yes, but please- human trafficking a much more important Minnesota issue right now
Get the selfish greedy uncaring republican congress republican to prosecute trumph.
Amy give it up no evidence to date. Stop with your typical mamby pamby sent attention garbage. You are a fraud.
Obama, Bill, Hillary?  No donations?  
Ask the folks in Haiti how bill Clinton came down and stole from the victims of the earth quake.
Instead of the villain you guys are trying to make The president he has made a donation of 1million how awesome.
Seems like foreign elections are better prepared and scrutinized than our own. Thank you Senator.

States affected need to be announced because they are pretending all is well
Russia Russia Russia this is getting embarrassing
Make your bill bipartisan and add voter I.D.
Election Fraud? Registered Voters Outnumber the Eligible, in 462 Counties | National Review
Chase some real corrupt people or are you just another party first stooge
I think we MUST have paper backup systems - our democracy is too important to leave vulnerable to hacking. You can't hack paper from Russia!
Russian Meddling  is a Constant, on behalf of Trump and the Republican Party...And > Trump is Distracting Us.. while they're Doing it
We're all out here wondering why Democrats aren't moving to protect their voters everywhere but espec in majority Dem counties Best wishes
Wonder is comey was paid off?  He looks corrupt to me. If he was could it have been the Clintons? 
The foundation had lots of money
LMAO today RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA, tomorrow RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA, next week RUSSI RUSSIA RUSSIA LMAO
How many SETH RICHES work for the Democrats now? 
.Agreed.
Now get rid of #Unfit4Prez & get someone interested in serving America with the intelligence to accomplish that.
 Now! 
#RATGIT.
And e-mail deleting
Why is the FBI suppressing evidence concerning wasserman Schultz's IT guy and how the FBI couldn't examine a supposed hacked computer
Yea lets just hand over control of our most important constitutional right... we already handed it to private companies right?
I would put a lot of money on that it wasn't in fact a hacker but actually a disgruntled Bernie supporter who leaked. What say you?
We need to know why comey exonerated Hillary before finished with interviews were finished?  He also lied under oath to congress
Until we are able to secure our computer systems from hacking, we need to go back to paper voting with an extended voting timetable.
Draws scrutiny amongst the people that are truly Patriotic
Was it Russian hackers? We may never know because your party won't cooperate with the FBI.Why won't they hand over the server madam senator?
And it;s not just the Russians. Anybody with the right knowledge can hack our elections. They can tilt them any way they want.
Or was it the Democrats favorite Pakistani IT guys? 
Please keep pushing on this issue. Regardless of party, we need safe elections.
Keep pressing this issue, please. A large number of us want answers and extended protections for our electoral process.
With you, Amy.....woman power!
Thank you Senator @amyklobuchar. You're among the best senators in Washington DC. Minnesota gave us you and @alfranken: GREAT lawmakers.
This seems like a huge issue that should have all government and the all of the country worried.
There was no Russian hacking . The democrats are losing because you lie , lie, lie , time to see this ganster government go down in history
Somebody needs to do something to protect the 2018 election from being hacked.  Thank you, @amyklobuchar
Protect elections but all out war by radical left on free speech.  Have you condemned Antifa or the Black Bloc yet? U need to be voted out
Delusional Disorder is serious mental illness, please seek professional clinical help
Hahahahaha and yet to this day no proof what so ever other then a bunch of lying politicians say so what a joke you people have become !
Delusional Disorder is serious mental illness, please seek professional clinical help
I suspect there have been many governments hacking or trying to hack the US for quite some time now.
You are 1 of my 2 (great!) MN SEN's.  Please!  FIX OUR VOTING!  Sen. Widen says vote by mail, paper only.  Electronic seems too hackable.

I am glad to see someone in the government is paying attention!
Please keep pushing on this issue. It's critical for our future.
@RepErikPaulsen @POTUS @amyklobuchar Please post your bill on twitter. Thanks
We haven't hardened cyber security whatsoever & Trump is pretending the hacking never happened.  We need mail in ballots- not computers.
Can anything be done by Congress to proclaim the 2016 presidential election null and void?
The damming information moves from speculation to fact.  We may be at a precipice of historical perportions.
Thank you!
Don't give up on this. I'm not. Thanks for all you do!!!
Why are not others up in arms about this?  It feels like the Russians are right on our doorstep.
Because it's BS
Delusional Disorder is serious mental illness, please seek professional clinical help
Thanks for your hard work on behalf of us Minnesotans. Please keep fighting!
This needs a special commission and solutions.
+3M less votes, wins blue wall states w/ under 86k total votes
& more news + Russia = illegitimate @realDonaldTrump Pres should be insecure
LOL
What can we do about this?   This happens in banana republics...what happened to the US?
Thank you for your presence in the Senate.
Criminal Trump should be in prison!
clinton is the only thing we know for sure the fbi will do anything to stop. So anything else is clearly not going to stop them from stealin
that wont regain your credibility because any bill the fbi would allow obviously wouldnt do any good. Only clinton can redeem you
