Please keep fighting for Minnesotans and Americans to retain Medicaid. Use all tools available. It is life or death for vulnerable people.
Looking forward to when our healthcare is helping people not disrespecting them by sending savings to the already rich who can afford care!
Dems had input from doctors and insurance companies.
And women
The whole political class is broken. Dems and Reps broken. The people no longer matter only their jobs!
Put a hold on it just like Sen Coburn did all the time. Withhold unanimous consent.
I agree it was a crime. Criminals are always plotting their crimes in secret.
We need your help in stopping this bill  because it will hurt millions of minnesotans.
Who is going to require those jamming the health care bill through to be accountable?
Aren't they smart why work with obstructionist?
Same as you did with Obamacare.  How does it feel Amy. Fraud
Agreed, we need to dismiss the man behind the curtain for the emperor had no cloths. DUMP the TRUMP
Get w GOP'ers who don't support bill as is & craft an alternative fix for ACA WITH them! Public announcement jointly
Just like your party did for Obamacare. Hypocrisy
Hey Bob. Try getting your facts right. I watch every hearing and every markup on Obamacare, on C-Span. Where were you? No DVR or internet?
I think it will go nowhere.
Please stop this bill it will hurt millions of minnesotans.
Thanks for all you do to stand up for the people against #AHCA. Proud to have you representing MN.
All non 1% Americans!  Women, the elderly, the poor. No compassion! @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenSasse @SenGillibrand @SenSchumer
Senator Klobuchar stand up for what is right for the country and continue to represent the people
Keep trying to wedge open that door! Whatever means you can to delay and stop this bill.
Well that's just scary. That's not how the Affordable Care Act was handled, is it?
Not to mention reducing health care options for our poor and disabled citizens  BLOCK THIS CRUEL BILL
If you had participated instead of obstructing but you followed the liberal way as always. Like father like daughter.
Turn about is fair play ya know.
Taking a page from your playbook eight yr ago
We need you & Al now more than ever! Stay strong!
Keep obstructing and you get no input... just like you did for Obamacare
I'm grateful to be confident you support #NoTrumpcare thank you
#ClosedDoors closed minds.
Don't give up.  Go to the floor.
Stop it in its tracks. No Medicaid cuts, no cuts to Planned Parenthood. Keep fighting!!
Could the Dems introduce a bill that is a fix to any problems with Obamacare?
They should've stayed behind that door. #NoTrumpcare #stage4 #cancersucks
Can't decide: Do they do this to appease Trump, knowing it can't pass, or are they really this heartless, mean, conniving,beholden to wealth
The answer is yes.
Klobuchar for President 2020!!!!
Wow doesn't that sound familiar you must have a short memory Democrats ruined my healthcare. Let's see if Republicans do any better pass it
Thanks for your continued support of a healthy country.
Including residents of the District of Columbia! 217 ys and counting! Help us help you! Plz cosponsor S 1278 today! #DCStatehood
Hold their feet to the fire, Senator. We're with you!
Can you list the names of the folks doing this bill in secret so we can contact them and ask for them to open the doors on this?
So, to be clear, you are and will be opposing this bill and any efforts to repeal ACA, correct?
Fight this with everything you've got. Please, this is life or death for so many of us
Hey sexy stuff, I seen the AHCA and damn if it aint worse than the house bill. Give Mitch M. hell about it and I'll come back you up   
Stand up for us all Amy!  Counting on you!!!
Thank you for the update.
Are republicans an alien species without http://compassion.Rich  get tax cut poor get shafted. #TheResistance #indivisible#Trumprussia
Thank you, Amy for working so hard for us! Your love and dedication to your country and fellow Minnesotans is apparent every day!
Thank you for playing hardball for Minnesotans + all Americans. Please keep doing everything in your power to fight against #Wealthcare!
And in the meantime we are still stuck with the Obamacare Unaffordable Care Act. Government has a way of messing up what they touch
Time for us to saddle up. Our constitution is being attacked. @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr #Trumpcare @SenateDems
Maybe if you were not part of the "Resist" program you could have worked across the aisle 100 days ago to make this right.
Thank you, Sen Klobuchar. Please don't sweat the paid trolls and bots on these threads. We support you!!
Hey Amy did you read the bill or are you just bashing them because that's what your puppet masters told you to do.
Unacceptable behavior....they all need a time out...@SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP #resist
They (and Trump ) are making it sound like Dems didn't want to help- make a lot of noise to set the record straight.
Continue the good fight.
Did you get the memo from Schumer... obstruction
Amen sister!
"You have to pass it to see what's in it."

When you have to bail out people making over 40k with taxpayer $ like in MN - it's called FAILED
But, bit there was over 100 hours of debate. The Republicants added 100's of amendments then voted against it anyways.
Please fight! Keep fighting! This is my brother with severe autism. He needs Medicaid to have access to his Dr and meds.
Stand up for us Senator! Thx for all you do
Thank you for fighting this!
Waaaaaaaaaaa
I'm glad that you and Al are sticking up for us!
Any why don't we just read it and talk about how to make it better. You can't be the Anti-Trump party forever. Can you?
Yes, till he's impeached.
Yes @SenateMajLdr HAS CHOSEN A METHOD OF PROCESSING IN WHICH HE MUST HEAR AND VOTE ON EVERY AMENDMENT. PLEASE WRITE 1000 AMENDMENTS.
Political suicide they did. Fired GOP and WH is. So says the American voters they used to work for. Unsatisfactory work performance.
McConnell and his obstruction of Democratic Process.  The people will remember.
Sounds vaguely familiar
Oh. Amy. Why do you keep trying to make enemies & alienate yourself? And this comment after you sounded so smart trying drive down RX prices
Please do everything in your power to stop this madness. Your constituents are behind your efforts!
I thought she represented all of us? I can't support her when she propagates such hate and division.
Riiigggghhhhtttt.
Thank you for all of your hard work and fight for the American people. I'll be watching on @cspan  #womenleaders #boss #leanin
Quick read and the Senate Bill is basically just as bad as the House's!!  The GOP doesn't care about people's health!!  Shame on them!!!
I think this as close 2a dictatorship type situation as we have ever gotten in this country... @SenFeinstein @RepAnnaEshoo @SenKamalaHarris
Are you kidding me? Were you living under a rock the last 8 years?
No, you were and still are.
plus, they showed it to lobbyists before they showed it to the public or the dems. classy!
Wrong, u don't act like a partner, so u aren't treated like one.  It's your OWN doing
Either you kick the door in, or we will.

Choose wisely congress.
We've heard this before. #secretservice
Give'em hell Amy! You and Franken make a great Minnesota 1-2 punch.
Glad you're on the job Amy!
How much input did Republicans have on Failing Obamacare??
Plenty - they chose not to participate.
And they attached 100's of amendments. That's why we didn't get single payer.
Who cares.  Mike Lee, Rand Paul, and Ted Cruz won't vote for this so it's dead anyway.
Really? I didn't realize they wouldn't.
The bill in its current form wouldnt get any of those 3 to vote for it.  Its 90% obamacare.
Love, love this!!
Much like you did with obamacare
Wrong - but nice try.
No cigar deplorable.
We need you to speak up for all Americans. Please fight for us.
Wrong, this is about a select group that the Dems want to give free health care to, paid for by others.  Using ALL is inaccurate
So misinformed it hurts. You are being played. Actually LOOK at the details of it today & and see how it'll hurt ALL non-rich Americans.
Talking points is all u have, that and hate.
Nah. Just go ahead and read the details and you will see for yourself.
Next stop, beer and cigars in the rose garden..There's a monster on the loose
Do not give one single inch.
She won't budge. She wants Trump and his people in jail
Do not worry about Korea, no change in Health care. No worry about violence. Just bring more refugees in for us to support & be target for.
You all have to work together to brand the Republicans with this.  "Republican" has to be how this is referenced from now on.
Forget the process. The process was awful, but now talk about the bill. It's evil. I wouldn't survive. My aunt would die in the street.
Keep fighting! We need you to!!!
