Thank you, thank you for pushing on this!  Flynn is the thread to tug on for this tapestry to unravel.
he's just one of the horsemen... we've got three to go
Good start.  I want it to end now and then remember Watergate took 2 yrs.  Although they were smarter people.
we've got some smart ones or they wouldn't of got this far
But overall?  Not as much brain power esp. if Putin leaves them hanging.  Anyway, hopefully they'll be on their way.
Persist! Please!
amy, please tell me I'm not imagineing trump is unfit for his job. I'm not crazy, he is. you got to help us!
you are correct and I appreciate your service and leadership.
. How did Republican leadership not no about DOJ's concerns the he could b compromised due 2 Russian ties?
do we really think flynn just made these calls of his own volition?  Nope, me neither
@mayorcoleman Why is the propoganda so thick that they seek failure of our elected President.. Very shameful
it is not propaganda, it is factual info of which seems remiss w/ the smaller souless America
 him!! Now!!
please make sure this is fully investigated! Most important thing. Whole issue suspicious
A president determined to thwart the law to protect himself and those in his circle has many means to do so.
Nixon did something similar and he was never unethical was he.
we have to be the voices of this travesty!  Thank you senator Klobuchar!!  #notmypresident #Resistence
please we need both sides of aisle in both houses to demand investigation. Ripping the country to pieced
If Kelly was compromised as DOJ thinks & cont'd in job the country really could b in jeopardy!
Meant Flynn not Kelly.
@SenBennetCO @SenCoryGardner please be diligent in the vetting of general Flynn!
Amy, we are attempting to fix 8 years of failed foreign policy. Thank goodness #Flynn called Russia.
You forgot the "T" before the "R" in your name. You also forgot that America includes 50 states
Japan and Germany were once our enemies. Was it treason to rebuild them after WW2? #think
Yr point? #LogicAndReasonEscapesYou
Ahh... and now the obligatory snarky tweet, trolling for an emotional response. Time to block.
why would Trump say he hadn't heard of  issue this weekend? isn't that his job? you know he had. another lie
@SenFranken @keithellison @BuzzFeedNews SOBs selling their country to the Russian murderer. STOP THE MADNESS. IMPEACH TRUMP.
@SFL4Hillary @washingtonpost Trump is silent probably because he is involved and guilty himself.
Thank you for speaking up & putting on the pressure! Called your office today to add my support, your staff is fantastic!
Do something quickly
-Flynn would be Trump's failure; he doesn't fail, so no firing
The corruption/collusion w/Russia, white supremacists & billionaires r far & wide in this WH #ImpeachTrump NOW
why worried over this when you didn't worry about BHO's Iran Deal? #hypocrite
that deal did not sell out soul to a "killer"
When has Trump remained silent on anything? He is silent because he nervous.
Manafort, Carter, Tillerson, Flynn, and Trump himself all have allegiance to Russia. Connect the dots!
This needs to become front and center on the to do list and for heavens sake, BIPARTISAN!
How much perversion of govt must we accept before Republicans get off their duffs &get this man out of office?
Flynn is just the exposed tip of the iceberg. Keep digging
that means he's afraid of Putin and scared he'll be thrown under the bus or the videos will be released.
Letting internal investigation work. No hurry as he still has more cabinet members to get confirmed. #Delays
You have to wonder why. How much is Trump involved?
thank you! The administration loves to distract us with other things when our focus should still be on Russia!
Wrong temperament to be running National Security.
@alfranken  @washingtonpost This article is more important. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/politics/wp/2017/02/13/trump-ran-a-campaign-based-on-intelligence-security-thats-not-how-hes-governing/?tid=sm_tw&utm_term=.52be897e8536 …
Thank you for keeping this front and center! This situation needs independent investigation
They need to force him out he has had trust issues in the past now this he has to go asap!
That's a sign of complicity. Don't let Flynn be the end of investigation.
- "The Art of the Deal" shows win-at-all-costs mindset, w/o regard for decency.  Flynn was directed to call...
Do not lose sight of this investigation-- keep the pressure on until we have the answers...
Damn straight
AND where are the Senators demnding an investigation?  @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @marcorubio @SenTomCott
What about Trump and Russia? Tillerson, Bannon, Miller, Kelly, etc.? Investigate them all!
Keep the pressure up! Ignore all the distractions thrown by Trump and Co.
,
Please stay on this
Flynn is being thrown under the bus. And u know who knew nothing about that bridge being closed.
-get him Amy!
Like this observer piece on lack of security
I cannot believe Flynn is the only one with Russia contact problems...
Quit tweeting and do something.
Flynn claimed on Twitter that 1. Trump supports him 2. sanctions discussion was "Imaginary." (@GenMikeFlynn)
Keep asking questions - this is too important to fade away! #accountability #truth #journalismmatters
Can we talk about George Soros funneling money into your campaign!!
we the people are disgusted and its time to end this self serving vileness b4 becomes permanent
Israel Lobby lackey @amyklobuchar will talk Russia influence but not Israel's: http://america-hijacked.com/2016/08/29/lets-talk-about-russian-influence/ …
Yeah, but what are YOU DOING about it, senator. Just words again? Yeah, just words.
TY Amy. Trump>Bannon>Flynn seems to be sequence of usurping the power of the presidency at the time.
Mam I hope you @SenateGOP colleagues will jump on this Monday morning. Silence is not OK.
@SenateDems @SenateGOP Thank you, Senator, for keeping  on collusion. Wish your GOP colleagues would, too.
Keeping an eye on it is not enough. We need action!
You're right. Thanks for emphasizing! Proven collusion = DJT treason.
Please look into Russia oil stock sale! Has to be connected!
Flynn has to go. He betrayed his country and then lied about it. Then again, so did @POTUS.
we need all of our great Americans to bring the heat! Amy you are my GIRL!!!! Go get em tiger
I iჭ
Sen, I think the silence tells you everything you need to know. Flynn knows enough to hurt Trump- Hence Trump's "loyalty".
What about Miller. Really scary. He worked for Sessions. What does that really say about White House
it is corrupt and void of any redeemable value to our nation
@ukexpat19 @washingtonpost Amy, these people are doing untold damage to this country. Please keep up pressure & get this done
lock him up!
We can't forget Russian interference with our election, either. Check Trump taxes for ties!
this situation cannot stand still. The WH needs to take action- now !
silent because Flynn will spill all if he's thrown under bus? I will never trust a Repub. after this.
I hope flynn sings like a bird so we can get going with #ImpeachTrump
Your hypocrisy knows no bounds.
I think Miller,Bannon,Kushner are realizing Trump is a useful sideshow for distracting from their real agenda.
I am afraid you are exactly correct sir.  Scary times if both sides of congress don't investigate
- @amyklobuchar @washingtonpost Flynn did not act alone. Please investigate corruption of many. All ethical Democrats & Republicans must act
what is there to be done! what can I do as a lowly citizen??
Correct. This would end TODAY if Senate (or House) would get serious and begin an investigation.
keep up the pressure Amy thank you!
