Then why did over 3000 withdraw from voter roles in Colorado when Colorado said they'd comply with the investigation. If no evidence why not
A 3 mill beat down. Just face it. The guy got blown out of the water nationwide. He's the best russian president of the united states ever!
http://www.truthrevolt.org/news/harvard-study-yes-illegals-help-get-democrats-elected …  #voterfraud
Cite to orig study plz. CCES has dozens of not 100s. I don't see any confirm of this claim in their pubs/studies. Critical thinking is impt
https://thehornnews.com/12-clinton-linked-dems-arrested-voter-fraud-scheme/ …  How about 12 people getting arrested for #voterfraud Is this factually enough evidence for you?
Liking and retweeting your own post doesn't make it true.
Doesn't make it untrue either.
Except that no one was charged with voter fraud there. But I can point to the handful of known voter fraud cases in 2016. All GOP.
Maybe U should check out #ProjectVeritas & their undercover videos showing Democrat operatives detailing how your party commits #VoterFraud
And cover up of 8 years of corruption by DOJ. Ukraine, Chalupa, rigged Primary, Uranium 1 and lots of strange deaths
The only voter fraud is Republican gerrymandering, voter suppression, and Russian hacking!
Where did you hear that? CNN
The State of MN commissioner reported that in MN there were 18 questionable voters out of thosands o votes
Could you post that evidence
Can't tell for sure, DNC refused to turn over server.
@SimmonsGmarlins 
LOTS OF EVIDENCE THAT RUSSIA  HACKED & CHANGED OUR ELECT.  RUMP GOP HOUSE & SENATE HAVE KNOWN IT WAS TRUE.
Yes their was evidence of voter fraud, maybe Minn should comply w the commission!  Maybe should concentrate on doin ur job overpaid/benefits
A pretty fair amount of illegal voter purging too
Nuff that DOJ joined suit
such strange logic. No investigation of voter fraud allowed therefore no proof of fraud. Fact: Dems don't want fraud exposed.
There have been many studies looking for voter fraud. Here is one
https://www.brennancenter.org/analysis/debunking-voter-fraud-myth …
You just don't want to accept the facts
I survived the bowling green massacre! It was frightful. Hid under a table as the waiter brought my bill. Then made a mad dash for the door!
Donald Dumps the best russian president of the united states that we've ever had! #benedictarnold #eldouchebag #commietraitor #PutinsPuppet
Robert Mueller is gathering the evidence. Justice is coming.
Work with Potus commission. Do not hide. Millions of illegals living their lives. They have SS Cards and licenses. You deny for votes
@JasonKander is doing great work with exposing this  #ShamVotingCommission    @letamericavote is doing a great job!
Good thing Trump wants voting commission with all the election hacking that was going on under obama. #MAGA #Trump #ObamaGate #AwanBrothers
U keep saying that, where is that evidence?  Nobody has produced evidence! Story of 17 intel agencies dwindled to 3, R they left wing pron?
one small example of many, http://dailysign.al/2gNxoM6   @DailySignal
but there is evidence of some voter fraud & democrats don't want 2 fix it, wonder why, what afraid of many elections decided by a few votes.
Jesus!  And the MSM complains about the President on Twitter. Your Unbelievable.
Well ya, we Voted for the other party, we're sick of high taxes and immigrants who come over in droves for your welfare, for leftist votes
Exactly what have you got to hide Senator?  Please do your best to convince Minnesota compliance with the commission's requests.
Amy You know as well as I do the other inept Senator from MN, Al Franken was elected through voter fraud. Don't be a hypocrite
@alfranken @RepJasonLewis If we agree no evidence of voter fraud, let's agree president must share tax returns after fraudulent mtg w/ Putin
Has this been looked at in previous elections?  Wondering how far back hacking into infrastructure has been going on.
How many elections has the US interfered in? HRC likes to know the outcome b4 the vote.
Can you share that hacking evidence?  It would be best to have all IT security people informed and working on a solution.
This  is just an excuse for the GOP to attack our election next year so they don't lose
How could you be against looking into our voting integrity.  Sounds like sour grapes.  And if you are into Russia can you say Clintons?
So a little voter fraud is alright, as long as it's not "widespread"?  Tell me one vote changed by the Russian.
Based on MN numbers 18 out of over 3 million: Commission is a waste of taxpayer $$$$$ Worried citizens: become election Judges!
Also evidence of voter suppression by Republicans in key states like Wisconsin. We need your vigilance.
Keep the heat on. The only fraud in the election is the one sitting in the oval office (occasionally!)
How about national Voter ID laws.  Then there would be no concerns from either party.
How would you know if there were voter fraud? ID is not checked.
No evidence is trump Russia collusion....guess it only matters if it wrecks your opposition. Voter transparency is a problem for you????
Two words "Al Franken "
Russia didn't hack us. There was a leaker as stated by WikiLeaks (proven more credible than intelligent community)
Troll.  Just block.
Thanks for being a truth teller Amy. I am so glad you are there in WA D.C. #KeepItReal
There is no evidence yet because dems are blocking the commision from doing thier job.
Yeah let's put trump in charge of more sensitive information. Lol
Everyone with even a shred of decency knows what's really going on here with the #VoterLackOfIntegrityCommission #VotingIsAPreciousRight
Amy your surrogates answer your tweets .. it's pure PR or propaganda
Profoundly absurd. evidence? Foreign hackers.?no voter fraud?
That's why the Dems wanted  a recount because the Russians were coming .what evidence do you have on foreign attempts to hack into election
#shampresidency
Our votes make thunderous noises in our republic . Self explanatory. You're one of my 2020 draft picks. #ShamVotingCommission
Stay out front and loud Senator!  We have to fight the #Gaslighting coming from this administration
If true what are you afraid of, info seeking is public any registered voter can get it from their state they are egistered in!
Hopefully not (fraud/hacking) in MN or anywhere. I support fixing things wherever necessary. New ideas? I appreciate your work, Amy! MN 
Go get 'me Amy!  Truth Patriot. 
And only one of these affected votes.  Next story: Russian mind probe caused people not to like HRC.
On average 31 ballots out of a billion ballots cast doesn't = voter fraud. Most are typos, not maliciously done.Go wash your red kool-aid 
You just made that shit up!
Facts don't lie. Unlike Trump and his administration. Clean up your language. Read. Raise your IQ a few points.  #shallowdrag
Only one actually affected votes (fraud).  The other affected zero votes. Attempted hacks were only attempted.
Comey with the request.  I don't know anyone who objects.  Only partisan Dems looking to obstruct.
It would be good if that evidence led you to start putting gop in prison real soon.
+ gerrymandering + disenfranchised voters galore!
@MelLatinaMN Feel sorry for the senator from a Muslim safe haven state. Future caliphate state. Keep progressing. Fucking joke
Had all the data been collected or is there still a resistance.....I did not see a report the investigation is over
THANK YOU!!!! This needs to be shouted and shared!!!! Please continue to use your voice!!!
Yes yes we know you're a sitting senator you must find some way to stop this bullsh.t
Voter fraud panel chair Kobach just told @KatyTurNBC that we "may never know" if @HillaryClinton really won the popular vote.  (She did.)
I am so glad you represent my state! You make me very proud!
Q:How can be protect against being scrubbed from the voter rolls? (Do we have any protections?)
If I understand correctly - voters are not notified when scrubbed. 3rd parties can dispute validity of registration and we would not know.
And lots of instances of GOP misusing #crosscheck data to pretend it is evidence of fraud.  #EndCrosscheck
A spreadsheet like one in link is ALL voter fraud commission needs to narrow down where to look for potential issues http://proximityone.com/elections2016.htm#table …
Keep at it, Amy.   Be as persistent as Percy (and that's me).
