Hope you are enjoying the excellent reporting by Rachel Maddow about Russian connections.
It is so bad, Nuke Russia. Obvious the hack of the DNC was an act of war Launch the nukes. Is that what u want?
The people keep stacking up of who is involved. At what point do we start Impeachment- this can't turn out good for USA.
SALLY YATES!!!!
Yes Amy....ALL CONTACTS.  It's an outrage that Republicans would allow this administration to continue in face of tyranny.
now more than ever it is imperative that you and Franken be recalled and we get some people in who want to serve the people.
Oh Amy.  Im so disappointed.  I always liked you.  #Russophobia is racist.  Russia invited in Syria, voted for in Crimea.
. No I born live in Minnesota.  Not brainwash about Russia.  Good day!
More than that, Sessions needs to resign his office.  He's lost the trust of the American people and will not regain it.
No he has not. He has a bunch a partisan idiots bumbling around in hysterics because they lost the election

Agreed. We need a SP to look into all contacts by ALL US Senators with Russian officials. Now!
Eric Paulson supports these problems - as constituents we have heard nothing from him but pictures  with a couple seniors.
Call for it all you want, be the poor losing insane people looking for a crime that doesn't exist.
When is Sessions answering UNDER OATH for lying??  He lied. And knew it when he did it.
I still have the email I wrote to you about prosecuting Clapper for perjury. I can resend and sub out Clapper for Sessions.
thank you, I agree!
please Amy, get on it !
will you release all contacts you have had with Russian officials?
Yes. And that includes ties between Wilbur Ross (You voted to confirm him as Commerce Sec) and Russia. What was up with that??
Wouldn't the case be stronger if we had prosecuted Clapper for perjury before the Senate too? Why did we refuse to do that?
but what about the corruption in the democratic party. Your ignoring that? How wrong can you be? Fix your party first.
B as in B, 
S as in S.
Suddenly McCaskill - when caught - has found her memory!  Right & yesterday I walked on the moon; McCaskill's a flat out liar!
There seems to be a continuing cast of characters with this Investigation. As an Independent I'm getting more concerned.
We are behind you 100%! So how do we go about getting the job done?
Show one impropriety, just one. Show one piece of evidence of collusion, just one. No? Then shut up with this BS.
You're right, we do, on Nancy Pelosi
Nancy Pelosi pictured below, meeting Russian President before 2012 election. Retweet if she should resign 

http://www.gettyimages.com/event/russian-president-medvedev-meets-with-senate-house-leaders-on-capitol-hill-102152501?#house-speaker-nancy-pelosi-meets-with-russian-president-dimitri-on-picture-id102386571 … 
We NEED to stop this nonsense and just start calling the gop russians. And what up with fbi refusing to answer ?s
He should resign because he lied!
.@amyklobuchar Absolutely! The Trump Admin has violated our trust too many times.
absolutely your honor too much going on not enough answers n too much politics involved must have a special investigator
or politicians with enough integrity to stand for the Window of a Slain Serviceman?  Dems loose when that is the story.
LETS DO IT!!
@TheDemocrats
did you call for a special prosecutor when Loretta Lynch met with Bill Clinton on the tarmac in the midst of an investigation?
did you call 4 a special prosecutor when @DNC rigged the primaries against Bernie Sanders?
did u call 4 a special prosecutor when Eric Holder lied (proven) 4x while under oath 2 Congress?
That "special prosecutor" will be assigned to YOU. you've dragged yourself in a mess.
Keep after them, Senator.  You inherited tenacity from your Slovenian ancestors.
Also to look into Hillary Clinton PERSONALLY PROFITING from selling 20% of our uranium production to Russia.
And Bill leans over to Hillary and whispers, "We screwed him now". Is Ken still alive, I forget. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Office_of_the_Independent_Counsel …
You, along with most liars talk out the side of your mouth. Don't u know that most American people see through your rhetoric?
America First, why won't #JeffSession resign to demonstrate America comes First. Walk the talk
special prosecuter and his resignation.
smearing opponents not MN nice. Question asked in context of campaign now twisted to destroy #dirtypolitics
Follow the oil $. RT @amyklobuchar: Now more than ever we need a special prosecutor to look into all contacts with Russian officials.
We do indeed need an independent prosecutor to look into the matter.
Good. Maybe we'll finally get to the bottom of hillary's envolvment.
Keep up the pressure for this. All Americans want the truth.
Everything underscores POTUS's refusal of showing his tax returns,which may uncover explicit relation of Russian connections.
His reply to Leahy during conf. was a lie under oath. He needs to resign or be removed from office.
did you ask for an investigation when Hillary had a server in her basement or when  Holder sold guns that got agents killed?
Do you really want America to fall apart?  Are you so angry that vile HC lost you'd rather destroy Trump than save America?
What we really need is some trustworthy group to look into the real purpose of these "leaks" and undermining of Trump!
Russian interference in an American election is a big, big deal. A shame that it is being trivialized. Push for investigation.
include wrong doings from BOTH sides.  Else it is not valid.
YES! It is important to keep the integrity of the investigation more than ever!
@watchyourSen @jeffsessions agree I feel that Jeff Sessions has wronged morally & ethically & no longer has value of trust.
this is highly needed.  I know losing my parents trust as a child what it takes to regain.
there is not that time for @jeffsessions
an action can be forgiven, but there e consequences that must be accepted.  he needs to resign.
At this point, nothing short of removal and prosecution for perjury will do. #SessionsLied #perjury #LOCKHIMUP #russiagate
-agreed #TheResistance
@RepErikPaulsen @alfranken ask al and amy.
yes and next can we do something important like single payer healthcare. Dems need policy to survive!
way past time for this!
MN Senators don't stick their necks out. Promote popular bills, tweet to their base, safe.
agreed!
you need plenty of special prosecutors into #corruption on your party @GeorgWebb reveals #TurnMNRed #OrganHarvesting
, Senator, they all lied about involvement with . Unless repubs stand with America instead of party, this will continue. Help
But won't a special prosecutor just be looking for crimes? Seems there might be a lot more going on than crimes.
not going to be easy because the russians say there was none, are you and frank going to stand up a call russians liars?
Please push hard in this.
yes we do!
funny how concerned every liberal is with Russia but they are the 1st to ignore radical Islam here at home in broad daylight?
where were all these special investigations when obama was trying to kill us! Black democrat!

He should be fired
the Republicans must reverse their party line vote to forego a Russian investigation @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @impeachTrump
yes and could you please call on AG Sessions to resign. He lied to Senator Franken's face.
this is getting ridiculous what is going on in this white house
"Stupid is as stupid does." - Forrest Gump
JEFF SESSIONS NEEDS TO RESIGN  (THREAD) https://twitter.com/CourtneyMayBP/status/837185608896364544 …  #TheResistance #trumprussia
https://twitter.com/funder/status/837180362505728000 … Y Jeff Sessions should resign. From gov. PERIOD! (THREAD) #trumprussia #russiagate #TheResistance
@2020VoteHillary Please run for President in 2020. You'd be great.
@2020VoteHillary 

I've heard independent commission has more room, farther reach..... if prosecutor finds no crime, dead end.
we need an special prosecutor also for Hillary, she is guilty 100%,she got money from many countries, she was selling America
Nixon taped calling No. nam to make a deal the night b4 deal w USA it cost 5 more years of war n 50 years b4 public info.
we need these traitors out of our house. Then we would be safe to investigate.
oh oh it looks as if you and you pal @alfranken are spreading fake news!!
Vomit Amy! Reds under the Beds is just a diversion!
You were silent last 8 years. FAILURE.
LOL!
sorry ain't happening
YES!
He must resign - this is BIG!  The entire Trump administration has ties to Russia it seems - #Collusion #Perjury #Conflicts
No, you need a bi-partisan commission.
Senator your actions during the President's speech made me ASHAMED for the first time in my life to be a Minnesotan. Congrats
Nobody cares.
Guess you aren't aware of the new evidence showing Russian bank payments to HRC and Podesta? You'll be hearing about it.
El. Oh. El.
LYING UNDER OATH IS OK NOW???
get over the Russians, and work together on a good health plan for all.
Yeah just move on & accept treason by the "president" & his entire administration. So he sold us out 2 the Russians, BFD.
I agree and don't buy that he was meeting as a Senator. He should have disclosed that if nothing to hide.
Why are you not calling for Sessions to resign? He clearly lied to Senator Franken. Yet claims news is fake. Troubling Times!
Amy are you there.
Amy you need to resign!  You are part of the Treason!  Read WSJ today. The frivolous becomes treasonous

Absolutely!!
don't like 100 US Attorneys have to also have a conflict of interest before that would be appropriate?
he has purgered himself. Is that criminal? Resignation at the least
at least someone to prosecute proven liars like Mike Flynn and @jeffsessions

careful. This could backfire on you.
unjustifiable witch hunts against Sessions are wrong - please stop and read -
Spelling your former colleague's name right also helpful.
Heck yeah we do. We also need an AG who doesn't lie under oath.
Who can do the job?
SO AGREE!!
@MissJupiter1957 yeah and you need to prosecute Sessions because he lied under oath or he needs to resign
YES!
The consistency with which this admin lies is so alarming as to make a rational person paranoid
misleading. Be an adult and RECUSE yourself. There goes Trump's rating. Good while it lasted <24 hours.
And the suspicious death of Vitaly Churkin.
Thank you, Senator!!  You and @alfranken make me proud to be Minnesotan.  Keep fighting the good fight.  We're with you.
not me.  This is nothing more than a dem witch hunt.  You should be looking at hillary's emails.
you should probably go ahead and call for him to resign, Senator.
and for Sessions to resign. Immediately.
absolutely! We need objective investigation!
Will you call for his resignation?
Not to mention a New AG
