When you ask a question do you actually want an answer? If so, stop being rude and let the gentleman answer!
agree! her nonstop interrupting is annoying, she's trying way too hard to look tough @amyklobuchar Rude
no Gorsuch is being very evasive to eat up the Senator's limited time.
Wrong. You can't ask a complex question and expect a yes or no answer. It's really simple.
why don't you quote Gorsuch. She was looking for the short answer to see if he can follow the rules.
Look here mush-brains, I don't have time to waste. If she wanted yes/no answers she should've asked different ?'s.
hi, I didn't call you names. But, she WAS asking for yes or no answers. I'm done with this conversation if u r name calling
Yes, you seem to be having a difficult time comprehending why he couldn't answer a simple yes or no. Have a great evening!
U R a rude, blatantly biased partisan trying to trip up @GorsuchFacts U & yr cohorts R ruining it for 2020.
your questioning was embarrassing
if you like separation of powers why do you side with the globalists?
Seems you did more grandstanding than asking questions... #WasteOfTime
She's not interested in answers. Just wants to trip him up. Sickening. As a constit, she can forget abt next term
how did that work out for you ?
- is it me or was Neil Gorsuch a total sexist!  Take him down Senator!
First, this is a stolen seat.  Second, POTUS who nominated him is under FBI investigation.  STOP THE PROCESS!
She has done so much for MN and has class. Just because you're afraid of that stop the name calling and etc. She's Bad ASS.
@StopBigMoney #OpposeGorsuch
there should not de a vote on him as long as T is under investigation.
First and only question should be "Is your name Merrick Garland?"  If not, no hearing!  #GarlandNotGorsuch
Stop the hearings. And no votes while the Republican Administration is being investigated for treason by the FBI. Thank you
think you can be unbiased in your expectations?  I'll love to see it.
I support a filibuster. Why should we allow Trump to name a new SC justice when he's under investigation??
you were on . Thank you.
call for a delay of the hearing until the FBI investigation into Trump and team is complete.
Fabulous to see a strong, intelligent woman rightly question a Supreme Court nominee. So proud to be from Minnesota!!
please ask him who his favorite super hero is
Thank you for seeking the truth.
You gave me a knot in my stomach listening to your grandstanding interrogation of Judge Gorsuch. Very rude accusatory tone .
Call for a National Emergency until investigation is complete. No orders, legislation, appointments, daughters in W wing.
Thank you, Amy! That's why we keep voting for you!
those are great points. would you please ask him directly if Merrick Garland deserves a hearing ?
Garland set precedent for refusal.  Block the right wing corporate judge please
we have to get to the bottom of the female student's letters.  He said he found out the night before his nom? Is that true?
I agree . The school dropped the ball, student filed a complaint immediately.  Don't let him get away w/o answer!
you did good too! Vote no and save Judge Garland's seat.
thank you for making us so proud of how you handle these types of situations! Thank you for the way you conduct yourself!
I wish someone would slap that smirk off of her face.
I will
Sen Franken did good today!
you were ridiculous Sad
Nono, We cannot afford him!
Thanks for continuing to ask the one about Cameras in the Court! There really is no excuse for not having them. Public has a right to know!
Ur questions were unacceptable and asked with no manners, respect, or integrity typical U #goGorsuch
, I do not want to have a consideration for Supreme Court judge while Trump's team is under investigation
keep at it Senator! Nice job today 
Great job today! Keep it up... he seems extremely rehearsed..this is too important for America. Thank you.
please vote no.
were an embarrassment today.  You've got nothing on the guy. Scalia's mimi-me.  If u vote no, it will prove u r about politics
WHY ARE YOU THERE? PULL EVERYTHING AND GET OUT OF THE ROOM.
great job today.
With all due respect, your question wasn't "tough." All you did was split hairs over grammar.
don't listen to the haters..
great job today. I found his responses to you highly condescending and worrisome 
keep doing what you're doing Amy!
Why are we even doing this, nothing should be proceeding until investigation of Trump is completed.
I will never vote for a DEM again.
.@amyklobuchar I heard that @alfranken did a great job at the  #GorsuchHearing today . You guys are the best. Thanks #keepgoing  #Minnesota
we CAN NOT sacrifice our highest court to this administration...RESIST
GOP wouldn't consider Obama's SCOTUS nominee during his last year.  Trump's shouldn't be considered since it's his last year.
you go girl! Making Minnesota proud!
Funny watching a mental giant (Gorsuch) vs. a mental midget (Klobuchar). Makes sense, with your daddy being part of fake news!
THANKYOU!
Thank you for your tenacity. His misogyny was showing today, and you handled it beautifully.
thanks for strong line of questioning. Impressive
sophomoric babbling is what you did...
Thank you for your knowledgeable questions!
really enjoyed listening to your portion today of the #GorsuchHearing on @SIRIUSXM what time will you be up tomorrow?
I am sorry but you were not prepared and did a horrible job. It embarrasses us Ds
This nomination should not be considered. Trump is under investigation for possible criminal acts.
too bad you had no idea about anything you were questioning him on.  Hack.
Grill him! When I was listening, he was evading questions consistently. Super frustrating.
.Thank you for your service. #pauseGorsuchhearings #trumprussia #pausepotus
thank you Senator - have staff get his prior decisions as he'll state he can't provide opinions on his philosophy!
No. Today you made a fool of yourself. How's that? #RETIRE
I appreciated your questions. It was hard to watch him treat you with condensation. Especially the questions related to women.
not letting him answer is making YOU look bad, not him! Constant interruptions...you are making him look better
Keep me alive, Sen. Klobuchar. Gorsuch has proven he doesn't care about me and is fine with my gruesome murder.
Block and Filibuster this jerk!
It would be ideal if you spent some time to educate yourself before asking Judge Gorsuch a pile of irrelevant qstns.
Hey Witch! Where were your tough questions when Obama was stacking the court with communist judges?
You got schooled.
#StolenSeat #MerrickGarland  #StolenSeat #MerrickGarland
BLOCK & FILIBUSTER that anti-American bigot until he WITHDRAWS!!
.@amyklobuchar This should be on hold until FBI Trump-Russia investigation is over. AND...that's setting aside Garland's stolen seat.
Not all your colleagues asked tough questions. But you did. Good job
#GorsuchHearing
Great question. Examples - Soros, Clinton Foundation Pay to Play
feel free to ask him if his name is Merrick Garland. If the answer is 'no' I think you know what to do...
He is great and get on with his nomination. He is very qualified, so stop the nonsense and turtle crawl. You are stalling!
There was no tough questions for Gorsuch just leftist bullshit.. Quit wasting our time and money... ( Americans )
ask him what he thinks about his nomination being stolen for the former president
Poster child for IQ test to become a Senator. Lost as hell about Hobby Lobby case. Totally embarrassed herself!
Great questions, Senator Klobuchar!
We are watching!  Your questions were important and presented well!
You consider a yes or no question being tough? LOL  How bout not interrupting so he can answer the same questions DUMS asked
Judge Gorsuch really came across condescending (IMHO), towards @amyklobuchar. Sen Klobuchar did well, not to react to him
what are you watching snowflake?
Dems need to demand an IMMEDIATE SHUT DOWN of these hearings until the president has been cleared or convicted of collusion.
Great job! Wonder if natural law Gorsuch knows God made several species where same sex sexual activity is the norm? HATES GAYS
The President is under investigation for collusion with our foreign enemy. WHY ARE THESE HEARINGS PROCEEDING??
Did you forget your tough questions?  You embarrassed yourself today.
You look really bad attacking this guy.  He's right for the job
And then you'll confirm him, right? This is getting past ridiculous!
Thank you for getting under his skin with class! He still got arrogant and condescending. He's too impatient. Gender bias?
He was not arrogant nor condescending. On the contrary, he had endless patience & restraint w/these Dem idiots.
Does @amyklobuchar realize her #GorsuchHearing gotcha-questions makes her look EXTREMELY STUPID & the judge look VERY QUALIFIED for #SCOTUS?
#grandstand. You were pitiful this afternoon. Total bully and total grandstanding. Shameful that you use this 4 15 min of fame
how do u trust him? He's trying to eat up ur time with evasive answers. U can see it and hear it in his voice. He's evasive.
you said you read the cases.  I doubt you could read the instructions to my kids happy meal toy
well in 1776 they didn't write about the Air Force... so the Air Force can't exist anymore
the word The is pronounced thee when used before a vowel.The (thee) air
your questions were fantastic! Thank you
Freedom of the press does not mean biased reporting .
you've been obstreperous in your Q's today
Fantastic job. Thank you for thoroughness. 
@alfranken Vote should wait til FBI investigation on 45/Russia done then vote NO. #merrickorbust #resist #notmypresisentbannon
I thought you advising Judge Gorsuch to study up for a future case a bit presumptuous of you.
I wish you would learn proper grammar as well as learn some manners.
.@amyklobuchar It is offensive for you to say:
"rights of LGBT people, including transgender people"
ie "of men and women, including women"
no disrespect but let me give you my granny.s recipe for cookies, maybe you could do better with that,
Amy You Appear Pompous and Needy For Recognition However Amy You will see that Your Pompous demeanor has cost you Future POTUS
you were rude and sounded like an idiot who didn't understand her own line of questioning..he's also more honest then you
Freedom of the Press,,, Really, How is it,,ABC NBC CBS CNN,,, All run the SAME Story, With Same Tilt,,, What Freedom is that !
Amy, hobby lobby isn't a Conlaw case,  ignorant Dem.
Good grief, lady! Maybe you should watch your questioning back...Your stupidity was painful to watch!
You were nasty and disrespectful to Judge #Gorsuch. Your hatred was palpable. Thank God it's not you being nominated. 
You sound like a broken record, babe
u were a condescending ass during ur questioning today!
Did pretty good until you call out 'he & his'? Really? #GorsuchHearing
Gorsuch's textbook mansplaining about his belief in equality by citing his sperm helping to..  1/2 #GorsuchHearing
create two female life forms was totally worth a seemingly lower level question. 2/2 #GorsuchHearing
I'd like to know what your take is on separation of powers.  Are the congress and judicial and executive equal in congress?
your questions wer not tough they were stupid. we all say here shaking our heads in bewilderment.
ur questioning was horrible, did u even bother to prepare or ur leadership just give iba bunch of set up questioning, I failed
.@amyklobuchar Congrats on stupidest question in Gorsuch hearings: suggesting that original Const meaning of "he" excluded women. #PCGrammar
"you might want to study up on that" - Gorsuch struggles to be funny and relatable, AK effortlessly hit it out of the ballpark
but why wouldn't u let him answer interrupt him every time he open his mouth If only u could learn a few things from him
You are KILLING it Rep Klobuchar !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!! SO PROUD!!!!
Give him time to answer. Tough questions require thoughtful responses.
Though I liked your tone when asking your questions, it is clear Neil Gorsuch runs circles over you.  Shame to you
interesting how 1A is sacred to you, but not 2A.
You were elected by the people of MN. Why? You lack the knowledge of what a tough question is and the law of the land!
YOU'RE UN-AMERICAN
why not let him answer your questions.  This isn't the Amy Klobuchar show.  He knows more than you do.
she asks question and doesn't let him answer. Trying way too hard to make him look like a bad guy. Annoying
are you really this much of an airhead? You're such a phony, cut the shit with the party politics.
Not happy at all by his refusal to answer any of your questions. Not respectful.
excellent questions esp on originalism   I think you exposed his past rulings
what a rude nasty partisan and disrespectful Senator you are!
OMG!  There's a second round?  Noooooo!
Amy,,,,you look at all of us with labels... WE are all Humans!!!
Great job right now at hearings. You're the first Senator to hold him accountable.
the weather must really effect your brain. And the country air god go home. Please I couldn't stand you
Fantastic job, thank you. Can't wait for your Round Two with him.
You are doing Well! And Gorsuch is also doing well. Riviting!!!!
Great line of questions so far! #Gorsuch
What he says and what he does should be obvious by now. Where you not part of the Trump cabinet positions confirmations?
but you will NOT be Re-elected in our state.
You showed you didn't understand the facts of the cases you brought up..wow the Judge just taught you the law!! #schoolsin
listening to him just confirms how smart he is.  You all sound like you think people are above the law, but really Hillary was
TUGH INDEED! YouQuestionedTheHELLOutOf @GorsuchNeil HeBegan Stammering&UsingPhrasesLike'
"WillyNilly"..Is he 8y/oFrom 1897??
who is your boss?  You shouldn't be allowed to ask questions.
STOP interrupting. 

It isn't a "stolen seat."  Merrick Garland was never seated.
Funny you think you can intellectually challenge Judge Gorsuch.  
thankfully you won't be able to stop him
The ABA gave Judge Gorsuch its highest rating for judicial nominees, bestowing on him the rating of “well qualified”.
your time is very limited in serving Minnesota residents-so I understand you want the air time as much as possible 
I am embarrassed you're in the Senate.... you're a Chuck Schumer groupie, shame on you!!!!
thanks for showing the American people how petty & brainless you truly are. Minnesota must be embarrassed. #GorsuchHearing
Minnesotans are very proud of Amy.  Are New Yorkers proud of Donald?  Most didn't vote for him.
I called your Minneapolis office requesting a comment on the line of questioning for Kagan vs Gorsuch.
yr questions R rediculous! U Democrats R so reaching 4 straws! Too bad u didn't have to be grilled 2 B a Senator.U would lose
Thanks for holding his toes to the fire (so to speak)!
She huffed and puffed but couldn't blow Judge Gorsuch down! Senator let him answer your questions! You seem rattled Senator?
when you said you are almost out of time, my fellow lawyers watching in the office with me, cheered. Like watching paint dry.
Who seems to be more thick-headed? @amyklobuchar or @SenFeinstein in the  #GorsuchHearing ?
This woman, @amyklobuchar, can't possibly be as dim witted as she appears!
no worries, about you becoming president.  Yay, almost done with your questions.  Can't wait!
no today you show your hatred and resentment for #Gorsuch because #POTUS chose him
You are doing an AMAZING inquiry of Gorsuch. So impressed with your assertive and prepared questioning 
Way to go, Senator Klobuchar! YES!!! Questions were fantastic! Answers were like Rorschach tests.
In the court system there is no YES OR NO ANSWER. God aren't you embarrassed your self. You need help.
Colleagues aka walnut sized brain SOCIALISTS most ALL beyond NAUSEATING, the Anti-America of DTS UTTER STUPIDITY.
there's a difference between tough ques & interrupting.  Grow up!!!  You are misleading and not listening. #gorsuch
#Great job! It's clear Gorsuch is not a man of integrity and will sway depending who's watching.
Watching you question Gosuch, like watching a student try to assert intelligence superirority over a teacher with PHD. FAIL!
