It was good to hear that AG Sessions is willing to work w @MarkWarner & me to strengthen disclosure requirements for online ads.
Um. You really do twist things. Hillary and obama colluded with Russia.  And judicial watch has the emails on wiener lap top. George webb

Lol...you're funny . I could say the same.  Back at ya sister
Yes, you could. But you’d be wrong. Why is it not good to find out since there’s a ton of evidence? If Trump’s innocent, it’ll clear him.
She’s a Conspiracist, so any attempts to engage in a logical conversation w/her is a waste of time.
Thanks , because all your info is real and true.
I am a scientist which means I am trained in critical thinking and logic I use multiple sources to investigate any claim so...
I agree with you @AngieNOLA. Too bad critical thinking isn’t used more by Right Wingers. They find conspiracy theories more satisfying.
We have a spy ring in Congress with the AWAN CASE.  Be worried about that . Judicial watch. #GEORGEWEBBYOUTUBE . research
Please start making the right choices . GEORGEWEBB HAS A LAW SUIT ON THIS .
I hope you press hard when the hearings start on Hillary
Does Mrs. Clinton hold a position that necessitates spending gov’t resources on hearings for her? No? Then your “idea” makes no sense.
She endangered our nation by selling secrets & uranium for millions of dollars & got our service men killed. Accountability is deserved
Sorry, but I’m gonna need actual facts here, not the ramblings of a brainwashed MAGA-head or (more likely) a bit
Read the Hill , fox , whatever you prefer, the FBI proof came out yesterday that the Obama administration & Clinton's knew
I asked for facts and you cite Fox News? Pardon me for a sec.... BWA HA HA HA HA HA!  BWAAAAA HAAA HAA HAAA!! Thanks, I needed a good laugh
How about u take your fascist Nazi agenda & move to North Korea
Enjoy your new home in North Korea, @DebSchiavi   You’re out to lunch!  @amyklobuchar is the best!
So what about the fbi investigation? When will you condem Hillary and her crime syndicate? No response would be seen as acceptance
Delusions like yours rarely resolve without professional help.
AG Sessions does not answer questions that can incriminate him or BF
Well then I guess we know who is #WitchHunt trump
There have to be concerns that the #Uranium @BillClinton sold to #Russia can end up in the wrong hands? #NorthKorea #UraniumOne
Hope you get to the bottom of the DNC connection to this story and be honest about what really was going on
Why would you waste your time? I am a democrat and voted for you, but in all honesty, you all look like a bunch of clowns doing nothing.
I found your Russian ties. Macy’s has them on sale for $39.99. You want to see Russian ties. Ask Obama about his hot mic. moment on Russia.
And he claimed executive privilege. What are you saying here, Amy?
It is!!  STOP already. Waste of taxpayer $$. U want REAL Russia meddling, look at all clinton's shenanigans.
Did you also ask about uranium one which Muller is complicit in? That is the Russia collusion!  Treason against America!!!!!
Any comments on the millions of dollars of money the Russians sent to the Clinton foundation or will the Dems do their normal lying politics
I am truly starting to think Liberalism is some sort of Mental Illness.  You guys are on the wrong side of most issues and act insane
It is a witch hunt. The optics look really bad for all of you Dems but you are so diluted and competing for power you cannot see it.
Why isn’t Sessions being held to account for LYING under oath to the committee?
Amy why is it ok for Hillary to help sell uranium to putton and receives 145 million and no one says boo?  
Did she add that on her taxes
Obviously, Sessions won't promise Not to jail reporters cause he believes that the best cell mate he could have would be a journalist.
Attorney General Sessions did something during his testimony today that will make many in Detroit very happy:
He brought back "The Dodge"
Oh good job I am so proud of you for telling me that you are a model politician
Keep pressing he's a prevarication #potuslies
Stand strong and keep on pushing for the truth! You have my vote as a Rep. now turned Dem thanks to Trump!!!
Keep pushing Amy they are all lying and traitors to our country, our people and our beliefs of freedom! So sad no morals and integrity
You all should have said to him there is no legal escape from answering by saying confidential or linking to executive priv when potus hasnt
Yes mueller who is involved with uranium sale to Russia via Hillary and Obamacare
Thank you @amyklobuchar for you work today!
Thank you for your pointed and critical questioning of Sessions today! Esp. about putting journalists in jail We need you in this fight
And I thought Feinstein and crazy alt left Kameltoe Harris were bad in CA! #maga

My there are a lot of witches associated with that moron.
Didn't Mueller mule Uranium to Russia on a private jet? I'm confused again, it must be fake evidence again
Are you going to be this passionate about investigating the Clinton's involvement with Russia, Uranium 1, and the coverup by the FBI & DOJ??
Mueller hasn't offered a shred of proof that Trump colluded with Russia, yet the mountain of evidence against Obama admin is growing daily!!
Maybe you should bone up on the daily news.
That's nice Amy.
You and @alfranken do Minnesota proud!!! Keep it up!
Seriously? They make Feinstein and Kametoe Harris look like republicans!
Thanks for the input. Now take your medication and go to bed.
Trust me I do living in Ca! Got a crazy gov making us a sanctuary state!
thank you for your hard work. Given the disarray of the Trump WH I look to those of you with dignity and sense to try to lead us.  You Rock!
It is a witchhunt they should be investigating collusion with Clinton Obama and Russia and getting uranium !!!!!
Real pressure Amy. I watched it all, maybe next time you and Al can show up on time. Teach him how to ask a question. He was an embarasment.
How about some changes to Voter ID laws. Russians could come to MN and easily cast a vote. Why is that not a concern?
If indeed Russia is meddling in our election, then we need comprehensive #voterID legislation to ensure integrity! Fed picture IDs to vote!
Passports should be given free to all US citizens, and a passport should be required to vote in any US election.
Thank you, Russia is not finished and we must protect our democratic process if we want our republic to continue.
So how did that work out for you? Did he actually respond?
I am loving this. Will keep watching. Thank you and senator Franken. I appreciate your poise as well as his brashness. Good questions!
Excellent job Senator!!
Looks like all ur Russian collusion concerns are pointing right at Hillary Clinton and the DNC.
Ms. Klobucgar: Still does not change the fact that the "Russian Meddling" is a witch hunt and an awful waste of tax dollars.

And is there is one thing Sessions probably prides himself on, it’s “witch hunts.” He’s probably been involved in one or two in his day
On the other hand, elf hunts are probably a bit of a tense subject spot for him. Too many painful memories (literally)
Thank you

Not a witch hunt. The truth is Hillary collided and sold 20%  of our uranium to them in 2009. #collusion
It was not just HRC who signed off on the deal and she did not make a cent off of the deal.
Just another RW media fake news lie.

Press him on the #spyringincongress. infographics https://trello.com/b/RMx1r5dG/hillarys-hamlettruth-leaks-hcs-leakershackers-henchmenseries-54-350-awan-spy-ring …  

@GeorgWebb boots on the ground https://www.youtube.com/user/georgwebb/feed …
Thank you, Senator! We Minnesotans are glad you're in DC!
Some of us in other states, who aren’t represented by democrats, are grateful to democratic senators in other states!  Thank you from AZ!
Thank you Amy. Sounds like Sessions thinks we could be doing more to protect our elections.
Perjury. A lying bigoted AG must not go unscathed, Counselor! Please do your jobs Senators , @SenKamalaHarris #NoSidebar
Jeff Sessions should #Resign #Unfit
How is it legal for him to choose which questions to answer or not?
And, what did AG Sessions say?
Session was redder than a bowl of borscht with ketchup in it by the time you were done with him.
Excellent job Sen @amyklobuchar
Sessions has time to get T to exert ExecPriv. Uf not he MUST answer ? or be held in contempt He would have done that in Senate #SessionsLied

How about Monsanto and their cancer causing glyphosate
You should have forced him to answer yes/no on whether he thought the investigation was a witch hunt.
Great job!
And the #keeblerelf deflected. #disgrace
when Jeff laughs, he's lying. When he's florid, he's lying. When his mouth is moving, he's lying.
And? What did you take away from his answers?
Thank you Senator
Talk about deflection.
