Congradulations Amy for backing Bernie Sanders ALMOST. You want higher premiums for your constituents. One payer is best and you know it.
Your ideas of bipartisan support stared you in the face last night and kicked you in the teeth. Bernie manuvered you out of harms way.
If you want healthcare for all then it is a one payer and the best system is medicare. It will cost and must be separate funding point.
Cut military spending to give the tax breaks to the 99% needed to fund it completely. Now how much do you believe in healthcare rights?
"Bipartisan", code word for "Dems way or the highway". @danobrien1972 @Loren_Jorgensen @jmatteso1303
Single payer is better than insurance premiums
You're Insane.
Medicare works for all.
Tell that to the 670,000 vets who dies waiting for care you nutjob
Let's move towards single payer!
You & Bernie we're great last night, we watched your debate. We love Bernie pit fire against these Republicans about the ACA. We Win I hope
Forgot to add ... not many watch CNN cuz they generally get the story wrong or flat out lie.
U go on stage w/Bernie on his side but supported Hillary?  Seems like ur trying to pander to progressives.
Maybe unfair, but u created the situation. How do I trust u 2 listen 2 the voters, when u so flagrantly went against us in the primary?
So proud of you @amyklobuchar !
I don't recall any Republican input on the ACA the Democrats shoved up our butts. Your side lost because we want the albatross off our necks
Your memory problems are a preexisting condition that is now covered thanks to the ACA
ACA was passed without 1 Republican vote. Every election since Dems have lost seats. But don't worry. Rep inaction will cost them too.
That's because Republicans are slimey. They had plenty of input and amendments which were accepted in the hopes that they would come aboard
The ACA was incredibly open process, especially compared to this GoP effort when they wouldn't even show thier own members the bill
I remember Pelosi's quote, 'If you want to know what's in the bill you have to vote for it.' I just want repeal.
Damn your memory really is bad
You can't be bipartisan until you listen to the people that put you there ... not the 1%! of Dems or 1 l% of Reps ... regular America!!!
To move forward we must turn our efforts toward single payer. Anything less will only be stagnation.
So are the Koch bros piggy banks closed?!   #KochBrotherspinchyourpennies
Wrong Amy!!!!!! We don't want bypartisan solutions. Thats why republicans got voted in.
You did great! Thank you!
Good job Amy!
#FixACA
To move forward support single payer.
Your fighting for stagnation. fight for #MedicareForAll for goodness sake - why do you think its called progress #SinglePayer #HumanRights
Lol...CNN
Me think obamacare took us off the cliff. There is no going forward without a huge government bailout. Is that what you favor?
Nice job, Amy. We need to start working on bipartisan legislation immediately.
You offered no proposals - could not admit the O care has failed - and lied about Obamacare when you voted for it.  Why trust you?
Why trust you Ron? You a salesman for an insurance company or drug company? The proposal was compromise or it doesn't fly.
Good work tonight, senator. You were the only compassionate person on that stage. Thank you.
Bernie Sanders set that stage
I think they worked well together. It was great
You laid it out very well Amy.
Well done. Wish it could've been w/someone bipartisan like @SenatorCollins Tired of Gr-Cass used car salesmen Wld like 2 move forward bi-ACA
Single payer or you pay big bucks. That is what happened. Giving into insurance and big pharma is bipartisan.
Great job Amy
I'd congratulate on a job well done 2 but which 1 #MinnesotaDFL #Minnesota #Elite #ChildTrafficking #PedophileRing? https://mobile.twitter.com/search?q=%23AmyKlobuchar%20%40DebMatheny&src=typed_query …
Do you need a safe space mentally?  Sounds like it.
You were excellent yesterday at the debate. Really really good.
great job last night
Great job in debate last night! Love your honesty, and how you personally connect with audience.
Thank you for representing us and working to defeat GC. Healthcare is a right, not a privilege.
Unfortinately, I'm in GA and my two senators are a waste of oxygen. They will never work on a bipartisan sollution.
you were the clearest and most genuine of the group tonight. I love that you can see Canada from your porch!
@amyklobuchar  so many applaud you for what you are doing.  Thank you for being HONEST AND TRUE. A leader who knows what is going on. Thanks
Way to stand up for all of us!  #Klobuchar4Potus
Thank you for your leadership
Thank you Amy for standing up for people's right to health care :)
You were amazing! Keep up the good work representing not just your constituents but the ideals this country was founded on. Thank you!
Bipartisan. That means both parties working on a health care solution for Americans. Affordable health care for the country.
America dreams of politicians like you and Al. You do America proud!
I was extremely impressed by your message and tone. You combined passion with poise and strength. 2020 please!
excellent job on the debate!
I am so embarrassed @BillCassidy is my senator . School him before he takes away our healthcare!
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You were amazing last night and I’m proud to stand with you!!!  #powerfulwomen
I really liked what you had to say last night.  I see that you "get it" when so many in Washington don't.  I'm glad you're involved!!
Thanks to the Democrats for this... repeal Obamacare
Thank you for working so hard to save out healthcare.
Our economy has changed, more self employed,  underemployed,  tenuous employed - please support single payer now!
Glad you're my senator.  You made the most sense of the four there.  You also are unafraid to use your heart and brain.  Thank you, Senator!
There is no such thing. There are only 2 sides, capitalists and the people. Whose side are u on? #Medicare4All #VotersOrDonors
Thank you!
While you're at it ... instead of blanket approving all things Medicaid, crack down on those abusing it.  It's out there ... find it!
We need more people like you in Washington.  Proud of what you do every day 
What a joke ... the DEMS have done NOTHING to help the cause except #resist and #DoNothing.
Congratulations on your appearance! We were rooting for you and you came through. You offered good balance to Bernie’s justified irritation!
Chi miigwech! I appreciate your leadership. 
So proud to call you my Senator. Thank you for all your hard work.
The repubs have offered nothing constructive. I hope the Dems can enlighten them. They seem to have little interest in moving forward.
Very proud of you from Edina, MN
Great job @CNN healthcare debate @amyklobuchar & @SenSanders! I'm truly thankful you work so hard to represent all Americans. Thank you!
thank you for all that you are doing for us. You are the best! Keep moving forward on health care
Curious that the only place you can have a debate without #Antifa showing up is in CNN Town Halls. Why is that? Removed their masks. 
Thank you for all you've done to improve healthcare, you were great! Keep fighting the fight, we're behind all the way. YOU GO GIRL!!
Donor-crats need to get behind @SenSanders ' Plan, or get out of politics.  Why are you even in last night's debate? To help GOP win?
FIX OBAMACARE!...A BIPARTISAN SOLUTION THAT MAKES SENSE!
YOU ARE THE SWAMP, VOTE THE SWAMP OUT OF OFFICE  !!!
I could barely watch this. The lies from Cassidy were appalling. Please fix ACA!! Stop this madness by working together.
Just so; bipartisan solutions to first shore up the ACA followed by creative long term solutions that serve the needs of the entire country.
Thank you Amy for fighting for Americans and for Minnesotans.
I watched. You did great. I am from your neighbor state of WI. @SenatorBaldwin is fighting for us here! Thank you!
You were great! Graham and Cassidy glib and condescending. No assurance given to Dad with 13 yr leukemic pt that her rates wont go sky high.
Great Job Senator!
You go girl!.  Thank you.
you were the best ,take it from one who follow the debate from his home in Egypt
Great job! I was honored to have you up there fighting hard for Minnesota and the rest of the nation!
@RandPaul has S222. What is your proposal to fix ACA on http://Congress.gov  . I wanna read it. #HealthCareDebate
Joe & Amy 2020
You did a great job out there.
This was a bad move on your part. Anyone who allows themselves to be along side Bernie will never be president- stick with the democrats!
Senator, just wanted to thank you for being a voice of the people tonight.   Graham-Cassidy is thankfully dead but it is bad for America
MEDICARE FOR ALL IS THE SOLUTION! YES I'M YELLING IT AT YOU SO YOU CAN HEAR IT CLEARLY!
Which are????
Scary. When Democrats want 'bi-partisan' solutions, it generally means caving to draconian Republican policies that make things worse
That only makes sense in the context of donations from 4-profit corporations like hospitals & insurance companies. Insurance companies, esp
add nothing of value & strip billions of $$ every year 4 executive compensation & shareholder dividends-$$ that could be used 2 provide care
First time seeing you. Very impressed. Keep up the good work, Senator!
Minnesota & Vermont have the best senators in the country in my opinion.  You're genuinely a good person, & you'll always have my vote.  
Senator, great debate! Thank you for defending our country, our people, our families and our integrity. God bless u and ur family!
Definitely a proud Minnesotan tonight
Great Job!  Thank you, you make MN proud.
Good Job!!! Thank you!
Congratulations! Great job on the debate.
Glad you brought up the estate tax. Shows Republicans only care about tax cuts for the rich.
What u think about having the African American national anthem "lift every voice" sang after the banner honoring black troops?
Thank you for your voice and your work. #ProtectOurCare #SaveACA #saveMedicaid
Exactly.
@SenateMajLdr @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC
You have devoted too much EXCLUSIVE time to HC.
SINGLE PAYER HC, NOW-or
none of you get paid!
You and Bernie made a great team. It would be awesome if you continued to work together and become a #MedicareForAll co-sponsor.
Like @SenSanders said tonight, long term the only solution is #MedicareForAll. Please cosponsor his bill @amyklobuchar , that's what we want
ACA plays too much into the profiting of shareholders. Why? Why are gov subsidizing their profits? Move to Universal! Let ALL $ go to health
@amyklobuchar & @SenSanders did a really good job explaining healthcare.
Thank you Senator Klobuchar! Great job tonight. Great job everyday.
Thank you for fighting this.
Bipartisan solutions, eh? The only solution is #medicare4all #m4a
I was so glad to see u participate, especially when u said we need more women in Senate! Congrats- great job!
Klobuchar-Booker 2020 @amyklobuchar @CoryBooker
You did a great job tonight Amy!
We must not work on bipartisan solutions. We must keep the #Republicans as far away from #healthcare as humanly possible.
Thank you for standing up for my family and our #Healthcare
Great job. This Minnesotan thanks you.
And another Minnesotan thinks @AmyKlobuchar rocks
The passage of the ACA was not bipartisan. Its repeal should not depend on bipartisanship.
Proud of you
You were great!!
Please ask who tells ppl they can't have their dr....
Ins. Co's or the ACA?
Remind ppl. exchanges are PRIVATE ins. not gov.
I support bipartisan approach - single payer system to put an end to this complex program that should have been read & passed before
You did a great job defending health care for Americans.  Thank you!
Thank you for your passion and your hard work!
You were amazing! So proud of you!
You did great! Thank you for standing for us specially ! 
Thank you for bringing our voice to the national stage tonight and every day in your work. #HealthCareDebate
You were great tonight. Love it when a woman upstages the men. You did that!
@ksteinmetz1975 
AGREED, dems invited them and they refused. Now they're lying their asses off
Good job. You made MN proud tonight
Thank you for standing up for all of "us" and representing MN.  Happy you are working for everyone!
Thanks for making MN real proud tonight, Amy!
It's warriors like her, that makes this the great state of #Minnesota! Bipartisan with US healthcare!
You were perfect tonight.  Thank you for all you do!
Nicely done tonight @amyklobuchar . Strongly agree we cannot go backward on this...we need single payer or at least a public option.
That makes too much sense.....
Great job tonight Amy.  I believe more women Senators such as yourself need to be involved in crafting healthcare legislation.
Enjoyed your comments today. Spoke from the heart, not some bs talking points.
Good discussion- but would like republicans to take some responsibility for not working with democrats to fix in the last 7 years
we don't need bipartisan solutions, we need single payer
Thank you for representing our state of Minnesota and acting in the best interests of America on this critical issue.
So proud to have you represent us there. You were on point for it all. Thank you
Thank you Senator. Completely agree we need to #putpeoplebeforepolitics
I’m a proud Minnesotan! Way to go Amy!
#FullRepeal
Thank you so much for all you do. You did a fantastic job tonight at the debate. 
I know this, with more than my heart, that we can make this work, but only, if we look at this with perspective and teamwork.
You were great. It was very informative.
Great job Senator!  Consider a run for 2020
Wonderful presentation of issues!! Thank You for fighting for us!
If you will please run for President I will be one of your volunteers in Missouri
You were spectacular, spoke the truth with sincerity. Work to fix the ACA together But don't want to leave out need for more woman senators.

That's the only way. #bipartisan Only way healthcare will be normal.
AMY K>>You support Obama Care that is bankrupting 2 of my sons in Minnesota. VERY DISRESPECTFUL TO OUR Mn youth.
Senator - thank you from here in New Jersey! My daughter is your constituent in St Paul - you are presidential timber!!
Like Obamacare? No one believes any of you anymore (house and senate)
Sounds like it was kinda nuts tonight.  Any good outcomes?
Well done, Senator Klobuchar! 
Thanks Amy!!
Thank you! You were eloquent, cogent and credible.
You were fantastic!!!
You spoke the truth and stood up for women's healthcare. Thank you!
You were amazing!!! Thank you SO much for the work you do. I'll continue to support you anyway I can. 
You did a great job tonight! Thank you!
Well done!  Thank you!
Well done, Senator!
We love you, Amy
Thought you did a fantastic job. Please cosponsor #MedicareForAll
Excellent job tonight on the debate, if I lived in your state you’d have my vote.
Hey Amy Kobluchar, nice 2 'meet' u. I thought u did a GREAT job with Bernie tonight. Thank u much for your service for great health policy.
Bipartisan is a catchy crowd pleaser but there is no possible economic way government can pick up the entire tab for everything.
Enjoyed your presentation- you know your stuff. Impressive.
Puerto Rico has no power and no running water
You were awesome!!
Friend was practically live-blogging the debate on FB. Sounds like you were AMAZING (& that you played an effective "mom card"). Thank you!
Thank you Amy!!
So.. get working NOW!!!!
Thank you, Senator.
My dad is 80. Watches Fox News all day. Loves his Medicare for his prostate cancer treatments, He's a HRC hater but loves his perks.
We need you senator! Run for President!
Pls think of this 45 has insulted every minority,disabled,race/wht supremacist but insult an athlete now the country is coming 2grther
Great job tonight, so proud to have you represent our state! You are the BEST senator!
Thank you I benefit from ACA
Agree , better than how it's done now, but what exactly would be in the bipartisan solution? Any big items you can comment on?
Thank you!!
All talk no action, Amy. Your words on a bipartisan plan are just words. You know ACA is broken & not what was promised yet point the finger
Great job....thank you.
Thank you Senator for a thoughtful discussion! Please help to continue this #bipartisanship !!
We deserve more like you!
Fantastic job!!! Your ideas were speaking right to where I am. Can we get a bipartisan group of women to knock this out?
@SenKamalaHarris @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins and you can get this handled within a week. Seriously. #womenwhogetshitdone
Add @PattyMurray and @SenatorCantwell to the list. Maria Cantwell told the old guys to run, not walk, toward innovation during the hearing
HOW  CAN REPUBLICAN PARTY GRAHAM AND CASSIDY  STAND ON STAGE. AND GIVE LIE AFTER LIE AFTER LIE??? 
HEART LESS BASTARD'S
Terrific job on CNN debate tonight. You represented women medical issues quite well
Bipartisan ≠ always what's best for Americans. #MedicareForAll is the only system that is both more affordable and insures people. (1/2)
If Republicans can't get on board with that and move past their corporate donors, we'll just have to do it without them. (2/2)
Good job.
Thank you, Senator. You were clear, concise, warm, & on point. "People before politics," yes!
what is right > bipartisan solutions 

It's time 4 the wealthiest nation on Earth to get with the times & provide preventative care for all
You were great!  Not a surprise, of course.  Thank you!
Just watch....thank you!
Impressive tonight. Insightful, straightforward, informative, heartfelt. You spoke to the PEOPLE. Tried to answer ? not just talking points.
The passage of #Obamacare was such a valiant bipartisan outreach and legislative masterpiece. It screws anyone who works for a living.
DEFEAT THIS TERRIBLE GRAHAM CASSIDY HEALTHCARE PROPOSAL
Thanks for participating in the @CNN health care episode. How many more times could Cassidy could say socialism & single payer?! #FixTheACA
I’m your neighbor from Iowa you did amazing job presenting more options and the truth thank you for your hard work and diligence!
You did great!  You brought knowledge and solutions to the healthcare debate.  I am proud to be from MN with such great senators!
You mean single payer, cause that's been the plan from day 1.
You really want to help working-class people ditch the individual mandate and make it retroactive.
Glad you kept saying how much you like those nice boys on stage who want me to go bankrupt.
You did a great job tonight! Thank you for making MN proud!
