I CANNOT RETWEET THIS ENOUGH
He's out of control and he's not mentally competent to hold that office! That speech at the Boy Scout Jamboree -- what was that mess? Sheesh
If you support #TransTroops, you need to support #TransVets. End @DeptVetAffairs blanket denial of medically necessary trans healthcare.
It saddens me to read all the hateful messages. It takes a brave person to stand up for the oppressed.
Trump lied to get elected now he is doing the bidding of the hard right and the hard right is willing to buy,bully and steal elections
Funny my grandpa couldn't serve because of flat feet, dad couldn't serve because too many broken bones.
There are numerous other reasons people are rejected from the military, like mental and physical health. Why ppl just now being outraged
Come on now, do we really want a lot of RuPaul's and Bruce Jenner's matching representing USA .  GET REAL
Why wouldn't you want transgender Americans fighting for your freedom? You think being trans makes you weak? Check your privilege.
transgenders/guns, like alcohol/driving, don't mix. Being in the military requires a certain mindset they're not capable of.
Please attempt to explain why being transgender means you don't have the mindset to be in the military. I can't understand your ignorance.
I have no problem with trans people in the military I'm just not sure that tax money should go to pay for the surgeries
Another fool.
To brush this off as expense is a callout threat aainst a minority.
Slippery slope
They have lost a right they would die 4 their country 4
Hello my dear how are you doing?
The world must not be subjected to discrimination and injustice because we all want the best for future
Amy, Resign U r an embarrassment to the USA. Ur #SaulAlinsky agenda will not be tolerated in in The USA. No more career politicians
Have I told you lately that I love you.....

Great appearance on TRMS just now. Proud of your service. Makes me want to move to MN!
what if a woman wants a breast enlargement or a face lift or a nose job.  All elective surgeries just like a transformation
Those elective surgeries don't require years of hormone therapy to become "gender balanced" the difference is ability to deploy 2 wks v 2yrs
isn't it kind of an issue for us tax payers to pay for a person to have the necessary surgery it takes for a transformation?......
Isn't it kind of an issue for us taxpayers to pay for trumps golf outings and weekend trips to Florida?
I suspect transgenders was to join armed forces so they can have taxpayers pay for their surgeries/meds
Even if that was true, which it isn't in the majority of trans veterans, they are still fighting for the country.
Nobody is claiming that they won't be.  The policy as announced said they wouldn't be allowed to enlist, not that they'd be thrown out.
Slippery slope @BattyMattyW. It's just a matter of time.
Can we impeach the whole damn administration?
Let's start with:
@amyklobuchar 
@alfranken 
@MayorHodges 
@ChiefHarteau 
@GovMarkDayton 
Then:
@MaxineWaters 
@SenWarren 
@BernieSanders
It was immigrants, then Muslims,now transgender,who is Next ? Gay people beware !! Didn't Hitler do something similar ?
Another MAN progressive libtard tossing out the Hitler card. Next with be islamaphobe, racist, etc
Has to be from the Cities
#JustineDamond
I agree! They serve our country and to kick them out for being themselves is a poor repayment of their service.
Do agree with this. Like Trump's ideas on taxes, repatriating jobs and money, tearing up bad trade deals, immigration reform but not this
The military isn't a Democrat Social Engineering Test Ground. And YOU don't make the military comply to YOU. Wtf is wrong with the DFL? You.
Then u pay for their medical that is not combat related.
Maybe Trump owed a favor to the religious right for helping get him elected, and Sessions is a ruse to distract from his transgender ban.
we should not spend billions to accommodate .001% of members. they have always served under born with genitalia identity & everyone was good
Thank you Amy.   Great seeing you tonight on TRMS.  @maddow @MaddowBlog  Always a pleasure listening to your commentary.
His words and actions have real consequences. How long will Americans have to endure the effects of this erratic man?
yes. i hate how trump is banning them:( SMH

And your position on sex reassignment surgery paid for by the taxpayers is?
They weren't attacked. The military has very specific criteria required when people enlist. They did the right thing denying this.
Why?
They are not attacked .. but it doesn't work  and they need medical help. Your insincerity to get votes is a sham
Thank you Senator!
It makes my heart sick that one man thinks he has the power over so many millions of people and will suffer no consequences for his hate.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you dear Amy! 
You could fit them all in a small venue - why don't you do that?

PS: if bathrooms are debatable, why shouldn't military service be too?
TRUE!!!
Amen!!!!!!!
By draft dodgers
Thank you very much, Senator, for your support.  It is appreciated.
Help urself to @SenFranken and any balls he rolls at you!  See that Imam in Davis, CA re TOM DAVIS?  U+Al cause cadres to punk my accounts.
I would think if Trump is sending troops to Syria now, that the military would need every bit of help they could get.
Agreed. Doesn't matter if youre gay, straight, bi, trans, black, white, Christian, Muslim, Jewish. We all deserve to be treated equally.
that was true when you lived in American before it was bought and sold by Putin.
I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
#TraitorInChief 
Perhaps, but if "someone" did not attack them, we would be talking about Russia today. The idiot is a genius, or is the genius an idiot?
You used Manning-era CSG-freaks to generate non-defense military RICO profiteering, while evading USDCs in session, in collusion w/R-tards.
Good Wednesday, Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota
Thank you for your personal denouncement of this proposal
Sure, as long as they get any surgeries they want after they're out of the service, on their own dime.
But the orange one will attack anyone who is NOT like him. Even those whom he once praised are now being attacked.  Embarrassing !
Seems like Trump's policy would be unconstitutional.
So let them enlist.  They'll wind up over the taffrail around eight bells of the midwatch sooner or later.
I don't remember any ..What a stupid and disingenuous http://statement.you  have absolutely no idea what you are staying and consequences
I hope congress can do more than say "thank you" to all the soldiers who will be discharged due to this policy.
Fuck them
We should try and get more transgender to sign up for the free surgerys and build a trans army!
Yep
Surely, Congress/SCOTUS have a say? His tweet doesn't qualify as policy or legislation - that would be dictatorship.
i am with you against trump
right but u guys voted for trump now u got em
You clapped for John McCain. What do you give a shit about anyone in our military?
I agree! Now, introduce single payer healthcare!!!!
Cuz it's that simple right 
