the only question you should ask is when Merrill Garland will be arriving for his confirmation hearing.
watched the hearing. It was disgusting the way the dem senators treated him. Obvious partisan obstructing for us all to see
Walk out. Filibuster. Slow it down. Support Schumer's plea to stay the process til the Trump-Russia investigation is done.
good job Amy. Proud of both my State's senators
let me guess "how do you feel about womens sufferage"
In otherwords ask in the form of open questions not sernarios or Hypos.
Keep at 'im. His smug condescension doesn't belong on the highest bench in the land.
fingers crossed he actually answers them, and not just the ones about trout fishing.
no one better to do it than you.
evasiveness = mask of deception @TheDemocrats must be America's moral voice http://ln.is/www.newyorker.com/ma/qvEtd … Vote #NoGorsuch
How he answers questions is only one element.  His judicial record, example "hobby lobby" case deserves full scrutiny.
Hold his feet to the fire. I'm feeling dismissed and invisible with him. 

It's not the Scalia seat. It's the people's seat.
Lighten up and do something productive.  Enuf is Enuf!
Two questions: Do you support Gorsuch? And are you troubled by surveillance of President Trump by the Obama Administration?
What surveillance of President Trump? Are you in possession of actual evidence the FBI and NSA don't have?
ask him whether he thinks John Roberts and the other 7 SCOTUS justices were wrong yesterday in overturning his awful ruling.
that seat was stolen from our last president. Unacceptable. Please filibuster
you should support a filibuster. This is an illegitimate hearing & subversion of the constitution by GOP. I'm your constituent
Um....... what? @amyklobuchar
Questions/answers don't matter. We have a POTUS under investigation by the FBI. He should not be allowed his pick for SCOTUS.
quit trying to insult a great asset to our judicial system he is way above you.
Your colleague set a pretty high bar, though, .@amyklobuchar. Can you ask something even dumber and get Judge Gorsuch to roll BOTH eyes?
Wait, didn't he say a woman could be president .@amyklobuchar? What more is there to ask the next SCOTUS Justice? You're outclassed in there
Why not ask him to explain his rulings on past cases? Not future possible cases. Why did he rule against the trucker?
hi from a constituent. All hearings should STOP until we r sure Russia crap addressed.  In an actual independent manner.
I really respect the level of professionalism, preparedness &credibility which you comport yourself &challenge others to equal
You made your fans back home in MN very proud today!! Keep it up!
please vote NO on Gorsuch. Will not be honest SC justice. In DT's pocket.
Hopefully he can mansplain some more law to you today. Don't forget to bat your eyes
thanks for your  hard work! We are very proud of you. You're representing the state with integrity and class.
Yeah, bringing up "he" and "him" being used in the Constitution. Such hard-hitting questioning!
This seat was stolen by mcconnell. There's no take backs on confirmation & 45 is going down! #womendems @amaze0225 @StLMindyF
hope that you came off as more intelligent and informed than Franken or Feinstein  -
are you a NO vote?
we mustn't allow a SCOTUS nomination by a man under federal investigation be allowed to a lifetime position in the USA
vote tonconfirm
take your time. Get the answers we all need. They have been fine with only 8 justices for a year now. They can wait.
thanks for the gender question about Constitution interpretation
it's not a criminal investigation,  he's a good man, leave it, your party lost the right to kill babies at last election
Do you play dominoes on pizza or pasta? We see you. #PizzaGate
wasted time and energy Amy... he's getting pushed through!
no matter what he should be blocked and no confirmation until Trump investigation is over
his judicial record speaks loud and clear that he will not support women's health- stay strong and get ready to filibuster
@amyklobuchar
No new justice until after the FBI investigation is complete.
After your embarrassing display yesterday, I can only imagine you'll ask his favorite color today.
During Neil Gorsuch's confirmation hearing, the Supreme Court unanimously reversed one of his decisions. 

Troll level SUPREME
Nail him.
this response thread is full of loveless sad women.
If it's 1952 would he say Plessy was "well settled" law people relied upon? Properly overruled by Brown? When do you overrule?
Thank you.
get Him in these games you liberals play are just a pain
Did you ask if he would have prosecuted Tom Petters in 1999?  Or like you, would money also buy his freedom
Vote NO on this phone..just another John Roberts!  NO
He reeks of male condescension. Haven't we had enough of this in SCOTUS?
thanks for the tough questions!
FILIBUSTER, WALK OUT!
It's all B.S.  He is not answering!  Why bother.
will you listen for his answers or testify like you did yesterday?
thanks so much for your hard work!
Catch up on Nunes!!!
Gorsuch is a dignified, succinct, and intelligent jurist.  Get over it already and confirm him!!
Can u link to the SC case & the Judge's 10th Cir case?
We appreciate your efforts on this vital hrg. No hrg more important than lifetime SCt appointment.
So proud you represent MN!
watched your  questioning of the judge at 8 a.m. Calif time. You are an impressive legal mind.  Brilliant job!
Gorsuch nom'd by a prez under FBI investigation for collusion with Russia.  Why rush to proceed now?  Was no rush last yr
, You handled his rudeness and disrespect yesterday with grace and persistence.  Thank you.
hope you prep better this time.
Get up and walk out!  Filibuster
Doesn't the TransAm case tell you about him? Write good laws.
Thank you for pressing Gorsuch on our behalf today 
it is disrespectful when you cannot look at and focus on Gorsuch answers, when they are not what you want to hear.
Thank you for your perseverance. Keep asking those questions...
why do you ask a question, and while Gorsuch is answering you shuffle papers looking for next question w/o actually listening
Ask it without the attitude and smirk that you did yesterday please
The Judge has been saying he will apply the law as written, & is in favor of restricting Your delegation. Why disagree?
great job dealing with his condescension.
How to argue a Conservative's blind spot! That is the real debate; What color is your blind spot? Some red, majority blue. 
Can't wait for The #JudgeGorsuch CONFIRMATION. The crybaby #Liberal MELTDOWN will be EPIC!! 
Have watched the last 3 days online on C-SPAN3. I must say, along with several others, you appear very smug and condescending.
and he has a lot to #mansplain apparently. 
I hope they are better than the one about the empty or full gas tank. What a lunch!
Why are all neg. By Democrats.  
Shamefull
.@amyklobuchar another example of partisan politics. Disrespecting Gorsuch in this hearing. Rolling her eyes, scoffing, laughing, pathetic.
Lol @amyklobuchar smiling & shaking her head like a stooge of the Democrats. Klobuchar looking  so stupid by Neil Gorsuch today. 
you're amazing!
You evangelical progressives have nothing to offer and nothing to attack Gorsuch on. Please proceed though, you're decimated.
It seems to me that by referring to merely diminimus, the Judge was being critical of the standard.
you are desperate, merely, merely, merely,merely,merely life is about a dream
thank you for your well considered and informed questioning!
Lets talk about more wasteful time, since no democrat will vote for him.. Hope you like the nuclear option
the only important question to ask is where is Merick Garland?
please start a filibuster. Make it last 4 years.
You are so annoying.
why when #45 is under investigation are we even considering any of his nominations?
Please don't. Your question yesterday was perhaps the most profiloundly stupid question ever asked at such hearings.
this is 3rd round lol I just dont think we shoul be voting for anything else except to re elect a new presiden
Would love to know how he feels being given the opp to have a hearing, unlike MG.
None of you pay attention... No appointment while tRump is out campaigning. Man, you all do sit down and take it pretty easy.
You should ask him about his time as president of Facism Forever club in his time at school. Nk.
http://www.salon.com/2017/02/02/supreme-court-nominee-gorsuch-in-his-youth-fascism-forever_partner/ …
Thank you for asking hard questions.
Refuse Trump's pick because McConnel GOP refused to follow Constitution. Do NOT allow GOP brand of politics to go unpunished.
Hopefully Judge Gorsuch will tell this to committee 
https://youtu.be/ZURHD5BU1o8 
it'd be more helpful if he'd answer any of them.
Please ask about the SCOTUS decision just handed down where they said unanimously that he was wrong about IDEA. #NOongorsuch
I expect you will do the right thing and confirm Judge Gorsuch. 
Thank you,
your constituent
please don't back down. #Gorsuch's utter disdain for @SenFranken was obvious and captured on video yesterday.
.@amyklobuchar @senjudiciary Confirmation hearings for SCOTUS should be postponed until Fed investigation on Russian collusion is complete.
keep up the excellent work.
Confirm Gorsuch!
Just wild guess that he has no chance of being confirmed. Can't say I blame the Dems after the nonsense the Reps pulled LY
It would sure be nice to have thoughtful leaders running govt, but reading constituents comments not a surprise what we have
@alfranken The nominee was combative & evasive yesterday, please don't let him off the hook, insist he answers your questions.
Appreciate you and Senator Franken's questions but we should be working to block this nomination by any means necessary.
only thing to ask is that are u m garland? No, then cannot condone stealing SC seat, so must vote no
can't consent to a court nominee when there is a "grey cloud" over this administration-keep fighting
Please go with what is best for ALL the people.  The court isn't about Dems and Reps. - get past that.
has anyone asked him about how SCOTUS seats are filled? If seats should remain unfilled until after the next POTUS election?
you mean, digs to get in.  You are playing the partisan role.  Try representing. All Minnesotans....find a balance!
Ask him if he thinks trump should have his nominee confirmed since this is probably his last year in office. #merrickgarland
Ask him if he thinks every nominee should get a hearing esp. if current POTUS still has 1 yr left in office. #merrickgarland
hopefully your questioning is far less embarrassing for us today!
Amy You Have become a Pandering Needy and So Irrelevant person. Transparent and fooling no one at all. =Bad Career Karma For U
Gorsuch condescending replies to you yesterday were revealing of his scorn for intelligent women. Get him again today!
yes, please! #WeObject
1/ How about you just listen to J. Gorsuch today, instead of cutting him off w/ your know-it-all "I've read the case" crap? @amyklobuchar
2/ Not everyone else in chamber or watching on TV has necessarily read the case. Give J. Gorsuch courtesy of finishing answer. @amyklobuchar
Still believe if Garland wasn't considered neither should Gorsuch, and with much more legitimate reasons.
We r counting on ppl like you to stand up for what is right. Personally I believe the only proper nominee is Merrick Garland
Keep grilling him. AND KEEP BLOCKING HIM! He is not a good candidate!
Like why he should even be considered while this president is under investigation for collusion with a hostile foreign power?
why continue?  Trump is under investigation. Republicans would never continue why are you?!  Stop and walk out. Block them
Senator you did a great job yesterday. I am looking forward to Judge Gorsuch's hearing today.
why are these even happening right now?
thank you for your thorough preparation to the vet this nomination
Since Gorsuch says he values affordable access to legal services, ask him about cutting funding for Legal SrvsCorp to $0.
Stop playing around and vote him in already you all look ridiculous!
He's an arrogant, condescending man with an attitude of superiority.
Keep it up.
thanks for doing your job, but honestly I don't understand why you're still considering the nominee of a compromised president
Don't give up! This is a 40 year appointment.  Maybe work out a compromise with GOP to impose term/age limits on judiciary
thanks for your work Senator. Remember most would support all Dems leaving the room until FBI investigation done
Please...This is not high school...All Congress members need to stay in the room and do their jobs!
Confirmation hearings didn't morph into kabuki theater until Robert Bork's hearings in 1987.
Hopefully this time he can give yes or no's to your ?'s, no ridic mansplain!
Keep probing!
.@amyklobuchar he loves to talk about access to justice but his record fails far short of really believing in the 7th amendment
please try to ask germane questions not what he would decide based on hypo questions, #AlandAmyCircus not appreciated.
Yes it is. They are doing a great job.
fails snowflakes, know u want activist judge not one making decisions based on facts and law.
Don't tell me what I want!
just caught a few moments of your Q&A session w/ Gorsuch - thought you were both impressive. Does he seem truly apolitical?
a voice of reason among nutjob hacks.  Nice job Jeff.
The only question is:  Will you Vote No and Fight?
He was smug and condescending to you yesterday… Keep pushing him!
when is your turn? I want to tune in
this hearing should wait, no lifetime appointment with the active FBI Trump investigation #weobject
How about no active FBI investigation when no evidence of anything is being found? @amyklobuchar
Garland, Garland, Garland please
didn't really appreciate his attempt at "mansplaining" to you yesterday...
