Most jobs now require drug and background checks.  Why the double standard for the pres-elect and his thugs? @amyklobuchar @nytimes
thank you Senator!
Thank you.
Glad Meryl Streep isn't distracting everyone from what's really important this week! Must have full vetting!
Vote NO if no background checks & tax returns. If they want the job, they need give what is required!
Thank you and stand firm on this!  I'm from MN--so glad you represent us.
Mitch McConnell should adhere to his own rules.  We see what's happening!
Thank you for standing up to this @amyklobuchar
As I told NYT in this article, we need info to vet nominees! Senate Hearings to Begin Without All Background Checks http://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/07/us/politics/senate-confirmation-hearings-background-checks.html?smprod=nytcore-ipad&smid=nytcore-ipad-share …
No ethics reports, no hearings @amyklobuchar @SenFranken @nytimes
Always proud of you!  Stand your ground on vetting this cast of characters!
Get on the shows like the GOP does and keep complaining until you are heard. Time to fight. Hard.
why don't the Senate Dems refuse to vote? Make Repubs the only ones to vote approval
Listening to your q&a of Sessions...don't let him off easy!
You're fighting the good fight. Hold them accountable and know you have strong support back home.
How can they get away with this?
Amy please hold Mitch McConnell & GOP accountable - they should not be allowed to rush these nominations.
Can dem senators get support fm moderate reps like Sen Collins or @SenJohnMcCain?
thank you for making certain these nominees are transparent and properly vetted!
Trump thinks he can throw out all established rules & create his own because he's a "change-maker." He's really a destroyer.
As a Minnesotan, I request: No confirmation without ethics investigation.
No reports should = no vote.
stand strong. We are with you
Thank you Amy klobuchar! #StayStrong #KeepFighting
Don't allow confirmations until complete. The Dems need to stand up. You have the power& the support. https://www.google.com/amp/s/ijr.com/2017/01/770285-heres-what-happens-if-democrats-attempt-to-delay-trumps-cabinet-nominee-confirmations/amp/ …
Would be interesting to see someone (you, @OfficeGovEthics) seek #TRO to enjoin unvetted nominees from appearing for hearings.
Congress and Senateneed to sign up for whatever health care they pass.......
What is going on with GOP? We need these nominations vetted before appts. voted on. GOP trying to bully everyone.
Is it wrong of me wanting drug and background checks for all elected & non elected politician?
@NavKaz @nytimes It's one thing to say it for a reporter - how about *doing* something? Words mean nothing without backbone.
agreed and we need more support to do so to preempt Trump's and congressional republican bullying and narcissism,imho
Sessions is the one you already have all the vetting info on.
Amy you can't let this happen
we are counting on you.
thanks!  Keep it up.  Maybe ask background check Qs during the hearing.
It wasn't an issue in the Obama cabinet.  None of his appointees had ever done anything!
Do not let them begin!!!
Tell the GOP/Russians... those ppl will have to wait... They are pulling a Trump... remember Trump's Taxes
good work!
Haven't they all failed an ethics test already ? Look at what they stand for.
Does a Senate committee have quorum if no minority members are present? Are there procedural means to block hearings?
Why can't you just boycott the hearings?Make statement to McConnell and cronies that Trump is scamming everyone!He's just crap
Is there nothing you can do to stop it?
What are you doing to stop this confirmation process? Republicans are attempting to divert attention.
dont let them get away with anything Amy.
#NoEthicsNoHEARINGS
keep the pressure on. No confirmation hearings without ethics review.
Thanks for making sure cabinet nominees are vetted properly. Must be vigilant.
we need all the info before any hearings to confirm. Amy, please to your best to stop this travesty
don't let them get away with that. Refuse to hold hearings until done. Stay strong for the people
it's the law! Not sure PEOTUS new that when he picked. Is this tied to RNC attempt to abolish Ethics Committee? Hmmmm
thanks for speaking up for all of us.  We need to fully vet these nominees. Fight on Amy!!!
the Dems never vetted BHO.. why start vetting people now???
He WAS vetted and elected twice by popular AND EC votes!
It's obvious, they don't want to be vetted. Mandates don't reqiure any research. Why waste time with ethics and all that??
Demand the same requirements as @SenateMajLdr did!
the hypocrisy is astounding from the same group that refused to confirm Merrick for SCOTUS, but nothing's shocking:(
This American stands with YOU, another true American Patriot!
.@amyklobuchar I agree! As my rep in the senate, please fight this! (you too, @alfranken)
Why can't they be held accountable? Why do they get to skip rules?
refuse to begin hearings without the completed checks.Organize yourselves, leave D and stand up for the people you represent!
We could insist on some extreme vetting. Shouldn't take too long with these nominees. Don't let Trump destroy our government!
A no fold hand, Senator.
This is vital. Thank you for standing up!
Keep up the pressure!
