your constituents are in the streets and you're sailing through cabinet picks. FIGHT BACK
@POTUS Traitor Amy in the Senate is wrong! You're siding with ISIS! Wake up!
time to demand senate hearings for #Bannon
The only word to tell you what McCain is "TRAITOR ", and at 80 he is too old and sure doesn't know what he is doing.
Yes, so troubling.
@alfranken @USRepRickNolan What can Senate/House do to get Bannon off NSC?  Out of the White House?
No more appointees until Bannon is gone!
Finally, someone on the GOP speaks up! Why is the GOP silent? They are complicit in all of this.
is it possible for the House and Senate to stand united against his placement on the council?
Impeach Trump now before he does any more damage. It is too costly to the American people.  We did NOT choose this monster.
what can be done about it? Can the congress act to remove him?
Your state overwhelmingly has concerns on security that voted I think you ain't hearing them but to Dems in DC
@SenJohnMcCain THANK YOU for speaking out against this outrageous act! Bannon is #1 threat to national security! #BanBannon
thank you for publicly opposing Bannon's placement on NSC
WHEN will something be done about Russia hacking our elections. We heard it also affected Congressional races!
Whenever a Democrat wants to quote a Republican  they always go to Neo-Cons: McCain & Graham. Sen Amy's a sheep
ok for Valerie Jarrett the obama crony to be on the counsel though. Unhinged liberals digging a deeper hole.
Talk is cheap. Waiting to see him do anything that goes against his party
Keep fighting the madness, Amy! Thank you!
How can the Joint Chief and the Dir. of Intel be kicked off?!?!
Agreed.  This is my #1 concern this week.  What can be done about this?
Amy, you and fellow demo need to offer alternatives when discussing these issues. Keep points to three-ish. (1)
We can't just object. We have to validate fears and offer alternatives. Then show how Trump is going to worsen.
President Bannon needs to go!
Bannon on nsc is wrong. Congress is not business as usual. Need bipartisan support to shut down executive branch
There are reports that this appointment needs Senate approval.  DEMAND HEARINGS!!!
Sen. Klobuchar - what can be done about this given GOP intransigence in the Senate and House.
We want BANNON seated! You lost -  we won!
Please do all you can to oppose Bannon on National Security Council!
The federal court is our only recourse against injustice. Trump defying that courts order. Seems like high crimes. A big deal
@SenJohnMcCain ty
Senate Democrats must unify and speak as one against tRump Bannon and GOP supporters
RT #BanBannon #NoConsent  @SenateDems Bring Senate to a halt until Bannon is removed from Natl Sec Council
what can Congress do to get this man out of the White House?
getting Bannon out that is
And you're wrong that Republicans should be rewarded for filibustering Obama's SCOTUS nominee with their own hearing
Time to come out stronger. Lead. Resist. No bipartisanship until these atrocities are fixed.
Please keep speaking out on this incredibly grave threat to our Nation's security.  Thank you!  So glad you're our senator!
@SenJohnMcCain @SenFranken Bannon on NSC is wrong and terrifying; endangers us all. Please resist!!
Sen. Amy, thank you 4 the hardworks you have been doing 4 protection of rule of law, human righ & democracy.
keep fighting for our rights. Vote no on sessions and DeVos
agreed yes, yes, yes
Don't just say it's wrong. Do something about it! Good grief, you're a US Senator.
@EthanCordsForMN @politico can you also denounce this instead of quoting McCain.
Bannon on Security Council is just the type of thing that will cause Repubs to revolt.
It's frightening that Bannon will lead the NSC meetings and that Trump won't be attending them.
Bannon is a Nazi that does not belong in our Whitehouse. Trump is an insane man who needs to be impeached. Why is no action being taken?
Keep fighting for us in Minnesota and concerned Americans everywhere.
Thank you Amy Klobuchar for speaking truth to evil!
Well he can blast away like he has done before...but does he ever STAND STRONG and back up his words!NOT YET!!
thank you Sen Klobucher! Please keep the pressure on PLEASE keep fighting for our democracy.  We're behind you!!
thank you Senator Klobuchar!
Obama JUST BANNED CUBANS. Where's outrage? Obama placed a SIX MONTH BAN on im's
SELECTIVE OUTRAGE TO FIT YOUR AGENDA
@RCstoryteller @politico coming from a guy who chose Sarah Palin as his VP PICK. #whatdoesheknow
McCain is a democrat pretending to be a conservative
DO something, senator.  You better hit the ground running tomorrow. Your voters are watching.
It is a disaster. Good for Senator McCain. Where are other Republican voices of sanity?
Thank you Senator. As a constituent I urge you to be vocal and for the Senate to come up with a plan to DO something
That's great that McCain disagrees but can anybody stop Trump and his minions?
we are moving past our opportunity for remedial action. Impeachment needs to be tabled this week, there are Nazis in the WH!
Of course McCain would criticize Bannon sitting on NSC. The hysteria over him is not deserved. Trump made another solid move.
These are becoming scary times. You speak truth to power while I take to the streets #WomensMarch #NoBanNoWall
we http://definitely.net  need you to be a strong voice for sanity.
Thank you, Senator. Keep speaking out! Bannon is dangerous for America.
Senator, please call CBP and ask why they are defying court orders.
keep on fighting Amy! Good to see McCain fighting for what's right too.
Senate should refuse to take up further cabinet nominee votes until Bannon is removed from NSC. preferably from the WH
Agreed.  What can be done to remove him from the NSC & WH?
And what, exactly, is your friend McCain planning to do? Will he still be voting for Trump's agenda and appointees?
Because if he doesn't, what good are all those Very Serious Words?
No more appointees confirmed until Bannon removed from NSC; stop all legislation if necessary; national security at risk here
yes but will Republicans stand up to DJT? Or just remain giddy cuz their in control..
http://www.politicususa.com/2017/01/29/shameful-moment-mitch-mcconnell-refuses-criticize-trump-muslim-ban.html …
Stand UP! Stand UP! Our Democracy is in jeopardy! Open your EYES CONGRESS!
@SenJohnMcCain what can be done about it?
What was wrong with Sessions a senior Senator..beyond blatant swamp partisan obstruction
Waiting for MN Take on the Constitutional violations! Reposting the actions of others does not let you off the hook.
Thank you for continuing to speak out.
well Senator,  what are going to do about it?
I hope the Senate can do something to stand up to this.  Investigation or something.  Not sure where the rules are here.  HORRIBLE.
Please work together with any non-extremist coup-participating Rs to fix this mess! We have your backs!
He blasts Bannon but praises Flynn, so Still disappointing.
Reagan said he didn't leave D party, D party left him. Hope McCain, Graham, Collins, etc do some soul searching.
what can be done to stop him, legally & policy wise? How can we help?
Senator, he's calling for a war between Christians and Muslims. Please keep the pressure up on this Shadow POTUS!
Do something
WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT IT?
