will they be legal citizens? illegal citizens have no more right to vote then a felon!
Good. We will be able to advertise against any R who votes against it. Can't wait to hear their excuses.
Thank you, that's so critical to our democracy. And...Ballot security. Employer guaranteed time off to vote.
I absolutely LOVE it! Thanks for all you do!
Thank you! Goal should be 100% turnout!
Thank you, Senator.
Yes!
Thank you Sen. Klobuchar. America needs this bill. So tired of reading about voter suppression & gerrymandering in various states.
Yesssssssssss.   #maddow #MSNBC
Nope! She's smart, level headed, educated, articulate, calm, civil, focused, and  real.
Prove it.
I asked my Legislature to give NC automatic voter registration as reparation for 7 years of gerrymandering.
Thank you Amy Klobuchar run for president 2020 maybe a opening soon.
Thank you!
You know Pubs will resist kickingvand screaming and clutching their pearls.
If everyone votes how can Rs cheat?
Love this idea! Good luck with your bill to automatically register voters!
Fantastic initiative Senator! We are working hard in #Florida to get felony voting restoration on our state ballot in 2018 #SecondChances
Question - is this the same as making voting mandatory?
Thank you Senator Klobuchar. 
Great idea! We have it in Oregon, plus mail in ballots.
Now people can commit voter fraud just like NH. This is not a great idea unless you have some form of ID.
Will GOP support bill to increase democratic participation?
Yes, yes, yes!  Perfect idea!
Thank you, Senator!!
Amy why not introduce a bill that lets dead people vote to ensure that libs win every time. You fraud.
Of course it does you twit.  Maybe you should promote voter iD as that is effective voter fraud prevention.  But then how would libs win?
Republicans aren't going to like that Amy.
Yay!!!
We also need to get people to the polls to vote. And keep them safe.
Thank you Senator!
Great news (and we sure need some)!
This takes the politics out of voter registration, long over due.
Thank you, Senator. Please keep up the great work.
Brava!!! Thank you!!#VotersRights #EndVoterSuppression #EndGerrymandering #UnhackTheVote #Resist
This will make it easier for voters then to show an ID's when voting.  If they are registered when they get a license.  Works well for all.
Appreciate. Auto voter registration essential foundation to health American Democracy.
Yes, Amy. Keep up the great work!
Thank you.
I hope your family is "touched" personally by one of these precious illegals. That would be Kharma
Let's get MN completed
You go girl! Ahem, Senator. ;o)
Thank you Senator Klobuchar for all you do!!
If you cannot be deliberate about voting, then you should forfeit.  @danobrien1972 @jmatteso1303 @Loren_Jorgensen
Hello
It's the right thing to do.  Arguments against simply don't hold up.  #DemocracyInAction
If people don't care enough to go vote they don't care very much  we have so many illegals and incompetent people voting already
Sounds like a lot of ways to cheat
Hooray for little-d democracy!
Thank you!
Thank you!!!!
Thank you for trying to do the right thing for our country.
Thank you Senator Klobuchar 
How's Chicago working out for ya?
Both parties should work to earn our votes. Not suppress the vote. This is a great idea.
You mean it's helping illegals to vote across the nation more easily. Thanks I really appreciate that you're such a wonderful American
The 2 corporate controlled  parties allowing 3rd parties to  participate in elections couldn't  hurt.
Thank you Senator Klobuchar.
How abt Restore VRA too?
Automatic voting registration when you get your drivers license or other state ID is great. Then when they go to vote they can show that ID.
That's a great idea.
Thank you for doing what is right, for MN and the USA. @amyklobuchar cc @SenFranken
Amendments: Weekend voting. Paper trail.
Gerrymandering. Eliminate cross-check. Secure our vote from Russia & others.
Thanks, Amy! Motor Voter is a great way to go. Also, nationwide early voting and perhaps even switching election day to the weekend.
Thank you!
Thank you! 
No brainer. How about making Election Day a national holiday?
Illegal aliens and dead people votes don't count Amy.Lets use Voter ID w/ fingerprint. Even Mexico requires photo ID AND Fingerprint to vote
BRAVO - 2017 we should not have to restructure Constitutional RIGHT:
ONE PERSON, ONE VOTE 
Go Amy!!!!
Great! 
Pass voter ID laws! We need an ID for everything else, why not to vote? Are minorities disenfranchised from getting welfare because ID req?
DoIT!
But what will keep the republicans from purging the voter registry with programs like #crosscheck. Or gerrymandering districts time 2 focus
while the battle vs cross-check/gerrymandering will continue, AVR helps weaken cross-check by reducing the false-positives it feeds off of
That's all well and good but if reps wont acknowledge crosscheck how can we stop it. Yes AVR but that's a bandaid on a knife wound
We can make a difference but getting ppl off the couch and into the booth is priority.
100% AVR is by no means a cure all, it's one of many tools that shouldve existed. The work @letamericavote is doing against crosscheck is A+
I agree the question is how many of our legislators have denounced crosscheck as blatant voter suppression and how many want it stronger
Sen. Klobuchar, out of concern your tweet may be misunderstood as partisan, I suggest you rephrase as "boosts participation in democracy"
HAHA! Freudian slip!
Studies show auto voter reg boosts democratic participation, because democrats are too lazy to register to vote
1 Even a lazy tweet reader knows she meant "democratic" as "engaging in democracy", not "members of the Democratic Party.
It IS Time!
Problem is in Illinois a death certificate automatically registers a Democrat voter.
This is how Dems roll: fantastic idea, Senator!
Go @amyklobuchar
Good for you! Thanks!!
Thank you!!!
THANK YOU! It works and Oregon proves it. Add vote by mail too.
Talk to @SenJeffMerkley about this and how Oregon dispels all of the reasons not to do this. No fraud. Greater participation.
