Obama signed into law to stop all Canadian drugs.
US should enact a "Most Favored Nation" law on drugs sold here - that they can't be more expensive than price in other countries.
I like this! Let's get pharma and ins (and all corp) $ out of politics so we can make some real progress.
Time to overturn #CitizensUnited
Yes! Our corruption issues predate it, though, so we need to take it even further.
Hi plz RT=RT this PR,it's a #humanity & #justice case #BBC #CNN #gothere #cnnbrk
https://twitter.com/thaar/status/843537653979119620 …
The spread of crimes and terrorism in the world - http://presswire.com/content/1781725/spread-crimes-and-terrorism-world …
So amazing to see two of the best Senators come together on this!! Thank you for your service!
;Drug overdose deaths; 1999-5K, 2010-16K, 2015-47K, 2016-62K.  Govt must punish Pharma Industry.  Knew about addiction epidemic from sales!
@SenSanders also attempted this perhaps this time it will go through. @CoryBooker don't vote against it again
Christ lady.... Yah got nothin but shillbots tweets. Obstruct much?
We owe them for having to live next door to The Beverly Hillbillies for so long.
I Get Mine From Canada & They Cost 1/4-1/3 Some With Free Delivery Or Just $7.50. Can't Beat That.
Drug industry rules congress.  2003 Monopoly against Medicare.  In a clear conflict of interest, FDA takes 90M in donations from Pharma?
Unless it's changed in the last decade, Big Canada gets their drugs from USA, and pay only half of what Americans pay.
It's changed. I think we still do import some drugs from the US but we also have lots of pharmaceuticals here too. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Pharmaceutical_companies_of_Canada …
This is an interesting read about pricing
you should go on the view and other programs. Dem believe in lowering drug prices. explain if you do not have stock it does not help you.
Healthy Open Competition, isnt that what a commerce society is built on?   Or is that relies on to balance price stability
Senator: Drug reimportation may help but risky if source drug/seller not validated. Better to pressure MFGR for uniform pricing EU, CA, US 1
2- Eliminate DTC advertising.
If domestic pharmaceuticals can't get out of the way of their own greed, then why not?
The real answer is for the US to have single payer for drug products, as Canada does. Negotiate with pharma. Only fair thing.
Canadian regulations are meant to cover drug products distributed in Canada.  We cannot end-around their regulations.
Has this even been vetted with Health Canada?  I bet not.  It will just make you look bad when it falls apart.
Thank you Amy!
You know what lowers drug prices? Senators not meddling with markets!
We're coming back from Canada today, let us know if you need us to pick up anything.
YES! Thank you #SeniorCaregiverAppreciatesIt
good
your own Dem colleague @CoryBooker will never go for that, & for same exact reason GOP will never admit manmade climate change is real. $$$
Where do we import them from now?
Thank you, generic pharmaceutical companies and PBMs need the competition.
Because legislators are in the pockets of Big Pharma.  Competition with Canadian pharmaceuticals will force US companies to lower prices.

Then who will subsidize the global prescription market?
I'm 100 percent behind you on getting this bill passed.
We used to be able to get cheaper drugs from Canada, but Obama changed that made it it illegal, to force you to take Obama Care
Preach!
A Rube Goldberg device! There is an easier way, involving our OWN Government negotiating drug prices. blahblah NAFTA Capitalism... yadayada.
I'm a Canadian and those are for generic drugs! Other than that they are expensive and drugs are not incl in Cdn Healthcare!
Thank You.
Free market competition!
Same drugs, same companies. US prices are higher because Americans have more cash.
Why would we want to hand oversight of drug safety to the Canadian government?
I don't see why not. Big Pharma here might get the message if this happens.
Yes, please.
You are awesome, keep your good work !!!!,
"Little Canada"? It sounds made up.
Sounds good you guys, thanks!
Why not just let Medicare / Medicaid / and VA all negotiate the best deals with bigpharma?  That would do far more to lower prices.
Have you read about counterfeit drugs reimported?  Liberals know nothing about econ or business. Only know how to fatten their own wallets
Canada is 1/10 size of US. what do they do when you empty their shelves?  They dont manufacture. We export to them.
GO Senator!! You rock! 
But are they bioequivalent? To what %:  + /- 10% or 30%? That can mean the difference between seizure free or losing your drivers license
Not opposed to what you're saying, just asking the question!
Good job, Senator!! We love you.
Why would we want our Meds from Canada? They are not approved by the FDA!!

Right now I am visiting in @govsingapore for work. Same as is Canada also govern by @RoyalFamily
it'll create competition with US pharma. Great idea!
Yes "Little Canada" is just like big Canada @NathanFillion (from Edmonton just north of Minneapolis) except no maple candy. Oh Canada! 
Will US Pharma ever allow that??
Medicare should be able to negotiate pricing with drug companies.
I already order my drugs from a Canadian pharmacy, sent from the manufacturer directly to my address. Very convenient, great prices.
Our drugs here in Canada are as safe as US drugs; but our prices are lower because the government negotiates prices w/pharmaceuticals.
Exactly.  A big reason our drugs cost less is b/c of generics.  When patents run out, patent holder MUST license to generics.   /1
That means that the active ingredient in the generic is EXACTLY THE SAME as it was in the name-brand.  Safety is therefore the same.  /2

That's us, always giving to the less fortunate 
Go for it!! I've heard for years that Canada's drugs are more affordable. Our pharmaceutical companies are robbing us, not Obamacare.
More generic drugs and they are subsidized by the Fed government
the myth about Canadian healthcare
What about printing Fake Canadian Healthcare Cards. So when your sick go a wait in these lines

Yes, we should definitely risk upending Canada's system rather than fixing our own.
I get my prescriptions from Canada cost me the price for 3 month is the same as 1 month here,try it you will like it.
If we had single payer like everyone else in major countries we would have the power to negotiate drug prices like them. What about that?
I used to get my antidepressant from Big Canada in early 2000. No ins. Cheaper, same stuff!
Agree. Better yet, put caps on US Rx prices, Rx patent yrs, gov't fund new abx R&D,stop drug & ins lobbying.
We have the most awesome pair of senators in the nation, keep doing your jobs, maybe it will catch on someday!!

Great!
Plz lower our drug price, so we have more money to spend on the economy, food, or rent per se.  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Same pharmacy company!
Can we also import their Prime Minister?
I wonder how many kick backs you will get from each pill sold.
horrible idea, yall just want to depend on a foreign government for our medicines? lol what a crock of crap.
Have Trudeau pay for it all. World Wide Healthcare paid by Canada. Now that socialism I could get behind...someone else pays.
Yes sir Mr McCain ... why aren't u president?
U do know Canada has had drug shortages of some important meds , right ? Why don't u fix ur drug co. Business practices instead ?
If you could find a way to get cheaper prescriptions you would be helping millions of people across the country.
Now this is LEADERSHIP! Thank you @amyklobuchar and @SenJohnMcCain 
Great, but Bernie offered a similar bill earlier this year. Where was support then, and what's changed?
Little canada ..i dig it lol
Good partnership.. need more bipartisanship teamwork
Demand Universal health care now
Ya the prices for medications in "big" Canada are far from cheap!! In fact nothing in "big" Canada is cheap! Unless you live in a stadium
Apparently Little Canada is a St. Paul suburb adjacent to Falcon Heights.
You're smart, funny, make sense, and seem to sincerely give a damn about the US. Why don't you run for Pres?
I think she will. It sounds like she's one of the Democrats making moves that indicate a possible 2020 run.
I wish we could instead of paying the huge prices that big drug companies charge here.
Don't worry #ChelseaHubbell... Obamacare is here. Why are you implying that it needs fixing?
Thank you. Let's get it passed!
I actually had to stand at the pharmacy counter yesterday & decide which RX to pick up & which to leave behind. 1 RX cost me $300. That is
A REDICULIOUS amount 4 anyone. When you are on SSDI / cannot work, have other med bills & your RXs aren't covered by ins, another issue to
Tackle, you stand there & cry, knowing you have to choose, don't know which to choose, & your choice 2 take 1 or the other affects your life
Thank you for making this a bipartisan issue & working on this. Millions of Americans need relief from Big Pharma.
The drugs come from America, so why not just buy them here cheaper?
Good point.
No really! Say it costs a US drug company $1 to make a pill. They charge a pharmacy in USA $200, one in India $9  - doesn't matter it's $$$
Why import when we have perfectly good drugs here. Correct the laws that allow drug industry to set their prices. Shorten patent lifespan?
Easing regulations for new manufacturing facilities might help.
I feel like the regulations should be just as stringent as any other country. My impression is we're no more strict than Canada, but idk.
Canada has stricter regulations - many meds approved by the FDA are not approved for use in a Canada
I was thinking more in terms of China and India.
Isn't this going to increase prices for Canadians? Instead of importing drugs why not look not producing them here?
I use Canada Drugs. I have a med that cost $248 for 30 pills, thru CD, $99 for 90 days.
This is terrific news but how do you get around all that Big Pharma lobby work?  Let's not forget the Monsanto/Bayer merger 
Why are innovative new drugs cheaper in Canada, but generics on average more expensive?
Repeal so average Americans will be able to afford healthcare in free market! You have done nothing to help fix the problem!
So you want to increase our trade imbalance and allow Americans to be exposed to un-regulated potentially adulterated medicine?
American Drug makers are allowed to rape America.
I'm disabled. I get $730 a month. My prescriptions cost over $900 per month. My neck was broken by drunk driver.
We need this so much! American drug makers take advantage of our medication needs. Pay or die. Market driven Healthcare doesn't work.
Universal single payer healthcare, now!
Actually, universal hc doesn't cover drugs for most people.
Dearest Colleague(s), the premise of ill health is in conflict with the understanding of the Science of Suffering. Refer ISBN: 0-670-86975-9
Thanks, though would like to see this issue addressed without needing to go through Can. We desperately need to get corp $ out of politics.
So relieved (grateful) by this tweet. Not the subject, but true bipartisanship on a real issue. This is what America needs, not reality TV.
Thanks for the bipartisan efforts.
Thank you, Sen Klobuchar and Sen McCain! We need this kind of bipartisan work to support America's health care needs. Bravo!
Amen! #Bipartisanship
Yahoo! That would be great! $$$ r outrageous! Thank u for your work !
Thank your u for addressing this important issue.
#Bipartisanship is happening
Our medicines are through the  roof and if we.Most Canadians can't afford expense. Most of my friends by their drugs on line from the US.

Insulin?
I like the idea of lower RX prices.   How many of these Can meds are produced by US in US plants? Get US pharm companies to cut prices!!
As a US Senator you are in position to correct this issue not exploit loop holes. If you really can't figure this issue out contact me.
Big Canada confused why US gov. does not have authority to negotiate drug prices like big Canada.
Thanks for listening. We need help with the ridiculous cost of drugs. I'm a senior living on a fixed income. Often I choose food over meds.
You have become one of my heroes, Senator. Thank you.
@CoryBooker ain't gonna like this. He likes to keep those prices high because he cares more for New Jersyans than all Americans.
Or rather the pharma lobbyists of NJ. I believe all Americans appreciate lower drug costs, including NJ citizens.
I'm sorry but going thru Canada is ridiculous. USA purchases far more than Canada and should negotiate directly with pharma.
How likely is this to go anywhere? I LOVE that it is bipartisan -- but we've got a Senate full of bought of GOP....we're behind ya!
Where does @CoryBooker stand on ur bill 2reduce Rx costs by allowing Canadian meds? He usually is against it. @SenJohnMcCain
Pharmaceutical prices need to be regulated like utility companies. They need a justification to raise prices, and it needs to be approved.
Too bad it's not stopping utlity hikes out here!
addressing drug prices is paramount to health care
Also
offer #publicoption
structure for easily comparing plans
thank you!
Keep up the bipartisanship and congress will finally begin to get something accomplished THAnK YOU  BOTH for reaching across the line
Stop corporate welfare.
Maybe another bill limiting government protection of drug prices to drug company's whose tax domicile is the USA?  Stop the inversions
Great idea! These r the things that need fixing in HC:access, lower premiums,deducts,& script costs.
Ridiculous
You are amazing!!!!
I hope you are able to achieve this! - friend from Big Canada 
Price-fixing&antitrust class action law suits against big Pharma r difficult to move thru US justice sys.Congressional help needed here too.

Please get thatRx drug prices bill passed. It's overdue!
For God's sake- break the cycle of price gouging by the pharmaceutical companies - or just go thru Canada
How about removing the anti trust exemptions to force Insurance to compete. Protect pre-existing.  Then focus on cost of medical services
Well done. We need this.
Thank you Sen Klobuchar, for your dedication to all Americans!
1) diff in you & Sen Sanders ideas
2) why import from CN, not buy US?  thx!
This is great, but here are many more things wrong with #BigPharma than just high prices on prescription drugs.
We love you Senator Klobuchar!! You are real people. Unlike me. I'm a cartoon.
I hope inhalers are imported. We're filling a Flovent rx in Canada later this month bc it'll cost $1k per inhaler if we fill it here.
Holy crow. That price is unconscionable
That's vomitus
Big Canada wishes you well
Canadian drugs are why god invented the Internet. Good work!
