July 21st and STILL not ONE friggin' shred of evidence of Russia helping Trump, of collusion (not a crime), or of ANY crime whatsoever, Amy.
Except for Jr. flat out admitting that he went to the mtg looking for dirt on Hillary ~ that's a campaign contribution from a foreign govt
Reject Gorsuch. An illegitimate president does not have the right to nominate a Supreme Court Justice. It's Garland's seat.
Senator, with respect, forget independent commission. Straight to an independent counsel. Let's get the indictments rolling.
Absolutely, Senator! Totally Agree with you on this Crucial Issue & others you so ardently Address! Pls keep us posted! Thanks Tremendously!
Dear God me too!!!  Then MAYBE you idiots will move on to something else...this has absolutely NO legs...just a silly obstructionist tactic
If there was this much evidence against the Average American he/she would be wearing more orange than #ComradeTrump
@LifeEnergyForce
This really good chart since so many people think 'nothing is proven' so it doesn't matter...
@JacksNW subpoenas go out asap as independent bipartisan committee gets ready ASAP
Been led to believe the only practical way to act quickly is a select committee in the Senate. If so, do that?
Not practical to go through Trump/DOJ. Select committee in Senate can try them sufficiently to turn over admin.
Then "new DOJ" can take it from there.
Gotta get an adult American in WH fast.
Europe, Asia, Middle East, Africa are not waiting while we muck around. NATO needs us like we them -- immediately
we have an independent commission. It's called the FBI. I'm more concerned with surveillance and unmasking of private citizens
yes we should let FISA Section 702 expire this year. Good to see Nunes finally on board.
/marthawest is just another MAGA
Great questions u and Al Frankenstein r asking Comey today!!  2 bad he won't give a straightforward answer!
*Franken*.  Soooo sorry!!
what needs to be done to get this independent commission in place?
#TheResistance Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia

Russia Russia

Russia Russia
Lol thank you!
Why was FBI Russia/Trump investigation was kept quiet until after the election??? @GottaLaff
People keep saying Comey's OK but his actions seem pretty fishy to me...
@AnnaOverbo Timeline is only partially correct and what about Hillary's Uranium negotiations and reset?
How did Russian hack in April
acquire emails dated May 25?
Hack & email are separate.
Emails from whistleblower.
I  D E M A N D  that Americans deserve answers!!!
agree
@lindaplewis It's past time! #repeal&replacetrump
@HRCremembered they should of started already
Amen to that. But requires congressional vote & GOP won't do it. @amyklobuchar
ugh!!! This is crazy ... do we flood the Senate / DOJ/ AG office w/ demands?
Call ur reps first, then these: https://twitter.com/decaro_nick/status/845318329610874880 … @bunnyhoney45 @amyklobuchar
@RepAdamSchiff is calling on us to call House Intel Cmte members & demand the public hearing on #TrumpRussia that Nunes canceled.…
@9BlackCats @cynthia_sestito @bunnyhoney45 @amyklobuchar 1 ring a dingy 2 ring a dingy
I think we deserve answers, but before that happens the phone of President Trump's needs to go
@UniteBlueMN I'm with you it seems we should have a sense of urgency #TrumpRussiaCollusion is said to be act of war by Cheney
absolutely!!
agree!
Senator we're being told that takes 2 long and 45 would have to approve? Select Comm, Spec Pros? Not sure what to demand??
@mrchrislowell because there's nothing else to be concerned about in America right now....#chasedowntherabbithole
If it walks like a duck, and it quacks like a duck.........
what are u doing about Gorsuch? Please don't say ur still " undecided" NO on Gosuch
way past time i my opinion and afterwards, perhaps we should take their money since they have been stealing it from us anyway
If Nunes' stunt doesn't do it for someone, then they have no line.
yes yes enough is enough
Get it done. This just looks sooooo bad.
true however do not dismiss DNC and podesta collusion. Both parties need better candidates for top office. Not what 2016 had.
Please keep up the no-vote on Gorsuch
we also need you to fillibuster Gorsuch!  #resist
Just called both my senators and my congressman making this request. Do more than RT! Make your voices heard!
2) Where's the outcry and demands for investigations into who released Non Redacted conversation between Flynn and Russian d?
1) 8 months and still ZERO evidence Trump or his team colluded with Russians over elections. Yet Flynn was ILLEGALY recorded..
Okay, but are you going to filibuster Gorsuch? You know he wants people like me dead, right? Are you fighting to save my life?
Please have the Republican party's wages docked to pay for it though, and in the mean time cut ties with Putin altogether.
@LyssAnthrope @PreetBharara should lead the investigation.
you are a Russian Bot.
isnt the Senate Intel Committee launching strong, bipartisan investigation? @JohnCornyn @MarkWarner @RonWyden @SenatorCollins
@jamieleecurtis No such thing as independent counsel anymore. Good try though

Give it a rest.. Comey & Rogers under oath stated NO RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE in Election. But we know Dems are. Alinsky tactics!
Your past re/Tweets prove you think @BarackObama bugged #Trump Tower. Comey also stated that was a LIE. You're a Hypocrite!
My great fear is people look at this like just some other Reality TV series & simply change the channel.
Yes, it is past time for an #IndependentInvestigation.  The American people deserve the  TRUTH. Nunes should be investigated.
@jamieleecurtis We should have an independent commision to investigate how much money Hillary got SELLING URANIUM TO RUSSIA!!
amen you have that right ... but doesn't that have to come from the AG ? DOJ? How do we push this to happen?
let's move on
And, did we ever get the truth on the IRS and Lois Lerner? Investigate that, too.
Go ahead and investigate; while you're at it, I'd like to learn about Obama admin. unmasking Trump aides. Investigate both.
You are trying to create public pressure on Congress to really do something but they have little to gain and much to lose.
The problem is how many Americans demand you stop asking the questions. And don't care as long as the Dems lost.
We need the Indivisibles to help here! Paul Ryan needs to do the right thing! Nunes needs to be gone! We want the truth!
Yes, don't back down on this. We need relentless insistence that there is an independent investigation into Trump and associates treason.
See Intercept  & Greenwald this was a story invented by HRC investigated 4 a year now w/no evidence. Ppl R angry w govt games
I NEED 2 know Y we R @ war, Y cops R shooting blk men, Y vets R homeless, Y we can't have hlthcare, Y we can't grow R medicine
Please keep pushing for it and thank you for all you do.
yes please!
@SenFranken will you please demand an independent investigation of Trump and Russia?!?
@ScamGoggles fffing 6 months and the GOP still needs more intelligence fffing sad.
we were having this convo at dinner tonight! Who gathers the commission? No one could agree beyond "the judiciary" @seterapia
It's definitely past time for an I commission, someone removed from politics and influences, and honest most of all.
I agree!
How is that different than what the FBI is already doing?
absolutely agree!
@asmorgan1976#Americadeservesanswers
just STOP.   There is no there there.
yes.
you need to seriously push harder on this, GOP would be losing their shit and shutting down DC if Dem in WH w/same issues.
somebody is lying Dem or Republicans you are listening to the wrong people
@prairielive what are you waiting for?
I'd agree Amy if u also demand it's time someone independent looks into My  homeless case
i have retweeted this 20 times
why haven't we started.  Is DC THAT scared.
C'mon, its not like driving MN 23 in a blizzard.  Its Russians.
its only a matter of time til we see trump being taken out of the wh in cuffs
2 of 2 - It would be easier for us to push for this if we knew how it works. *WHO* do we push? How do we demand answers?
1 of 2 - Whose responsibility is it to launch the independent commission? Who decides? Who names the members/leader?
Everyone is saying "it's time". When will it happen?
We just keep talking about it. I think everyone agrees we need it. Even @SenJohnMcCain So... let's get on w/it.  @amyklobuchar
keep up the pressure, Senator!
YES....YES...YES..M
--yes, it's past time from the moment it was first heard of..it was Time.
@EdSkipper we need that prosecutors office to look at all these feckless idiots
Agree! Thank you, Senator Klobuchar. #SpecialProsecutor #IndependentCommission #Trumprussia #NunesMustResign
when the co-chair runs 2 the individual/s who r the subject of the  investigation before telling committee members... PROBLEM
No impeachment!  All @GOP in the WH & Cabinet should be removed and in prison! We knew b4 the election, why did we inaugurate?
Americans deserve a better Obamacare!  Partisan politics does nothing for Americans!
When Hell Freezes Over Pigs Fly And Republicans Have The Milk Of Human Kindness...Good Luck!
Very nice infographic. Lays it out in clear, orderly terms. Shows time is tick, tick, ticking away on #TrumpRussia
thank you, people are terrified of what is happening
@NoNoNotNormal It is scary how long this is dragging on.
Please follow Sen Schumer & fellow Dems & filibuster Gorsuch. Many reasons he shouldnt be approved but #Trumprussia tops it
yes the Clintons have had the Russians in their pockets for a long time needs to be investigated the foundation & the uranium
Not only should an independent investigation be done but we need to demand a Leninist be removed from the WH.
@IndivisibleMN03 I'm with you 100%!
Given #AIPAC2017 conference & Hillary's largest donor being an Israeli citizen, shouldn't we investigate Israeli interference?
Talk to @SenatorHeitkamp and urge her to help with this. Thanks for all you do Amy.
you are forgetting former DNI stated he had no evidence of collusion thru 2016 and into 2017.  Same statement from FBI Comey.
Then you weren't paying attention to his testimony or comments Schiff has made since.
he will sing likes canary once he is tried 4 Treason - forget about impeachment - hang him with a Gold plated Rope!
it's not Rocket science - R President is incompetent & requested Russia hack USA systems while a candidate. Russia bought him!
You should have supported Bernie Sanders not Clinton and non of that would be reality!
OMG  enough will the damn Russian!! How about approving the Gorsuch nomination! Do you damn job instead of stirring crap!!
Amy please don't be a hypocrite, let's see what comes out of the surveillance charges first.
past time? Not right! American citizens have a right!!
@jamieleecurtis AND 2 investigate Obamagate
Take, Heart.  Trump will destroy himself.
What rubbish.
@jamieleecurtis 
@DebraMessing @GeorgeTakei
YES
Zero days since you've bashed @POTUS #witchhunt
So true the acts that are being investigated are acts of treason. It requires a non partisan commission #investigatetreason
@POTUS IS MENTALLY ILL TAINTED BY PUTIN & UNQUALIFIED 4 OFFICE & @GOP KNEW
@realDonaldTrump Retweet this on 4/25 and add 30 days. Meantime, help with immigration control, tax and ACA reform.
Agree but have U been TOTALLY HONEST about the Rigged Democratic Primaries ? HONESTY cannot be selective? U
That never happened. LET IT GO ALREADY JFC
I'm beginning to think u need professional help to get over your Russian thing
@SharonRGriff Yes!
never get a response from you even though you are my senator. Apparently you only serve liberals.
Bob I have had the same results with her and Franken. If I do get one it is a form letter going against what I sent
never got answers from Obama administration. Where were you then. All we got was there is no there there. Stop the gamesman
I'm surprised it's taken this long.
What is Congress waiting for?
-- I heard that an independent commission vs current investigation could endanger possible Russian contacts.
.@amyklobuchar 
Senator Amy Klobuchar > POTUS 2020
Go for it..!
I agree. Where do you stand on Gorsuch?
definitely #IndependentCommission
what a waste of taxpayer money
You guys are swatting at flies that don't exist
America needs you and all your constituents to do exactly that. For the greater good of our country!!!
youve had your nswers from the start russian hacking was made up by the Democrats to distract from Clinton's crimes
agent the world needs you! What are you doing here commenting on this thread! Play Marvel agent of Shield!!!
@TopherTBrennan We've waited long enough! Time for action! #resist
Yes, and we need it now!
I'd like an investigation into election interference by our American media colluding with Democrats.
I'd also like to know what's being investigated regarding Podesta's lobbying for Russia.
How do we get this started?
How do we get that done?
Russia didn't give us Trump, the undemocratic #Superdelegates did however.
Why is it considered outrageous for politicians to be influenced by foreign govts, but OK for them to be influenced by foreign corporations?
LOL u know who created that system? Bernie's guy Tad Devine! Did u take issue 08 when HRC won pop vote but gave 2 Obama?
Russia did give us Trump & none of your bs deflecting will ever change that.
THANK YOU! Nunes has to go! He is clearly unable to be impartial. Without an independent investigation NOTHING will be done!
Yes!!!

@amyklobuchar
Are you filibustering SCOTUS nominee?
Please... we have to do something; the current committees are compromised
push on. The big elephant in the room is getting bigger.
Yes, IC needed urgently.
