congratulations from your wayzata community.
Wow! Where did the time go? Congrats to all of you & best wishes to Abigail for a bright & fabulous future. She will do great things!!
Congratulations to your daughter. She sure has your looks.
Congratulations! 
congrats to Abigail!
Congrats my brother is in prison because of your recommendation of a home @ZumbroHouseInc that sells pot to mentally ill residents.
They get away with it while my brother suffers for something that's not completely his fault. The home he was in did a ton of shady stuff.
They're still doing it because you won't fix a mistake you created.
Looks like her Momma! Congrats!
What a proud moment, congratulations to you and your daughter!
I hope you can take a break from the daily craziness to enjoy this fabulous moment with Abigail!  Congrats to all!
Congrats!!
Congratulations!
Congrats!
Congrats to Abigail and her proud parents
Congratulations to her and your whole family!
You failed to mention what college. Congratulations!
Congratulations Abigail and Klobuchar family!
Great picture congrats!! So proud you both are actually all 3
Congratulations young Lady!
Congrats Sen. Amy.  You are great mom, too.
Congratulations to your daughter,and you and your husband for raising her.When are you going to launch your campaign for POTUS? Got my vote
Congratulations to Abigail and her proud parents from this English professor. Kudos to mum, too, for your questions in Committee.
Congrats Abigail!!!!!!! You have been noticed!
Wow! It seems she grew up so fast! Congratulations!
Big congrats and speaking of getting the sheepskin 
we can't wait to hear you speak at St. Olaf graduation
Congrats Abigail and congrats Abigail's mom!
You sure that's not Amy Farah Fowler??
My daughter graduated on Sunday from college. So surreal to see them walk that stage!!
Congrats. Been there twice myself
congratulations!
Congratulations Abigail !!!
She is a spitting image of you, but don't tell her I said so!!!! Congratulations!
For God, for country, and for...; )
Congratulations!
Congrats @amyklobuchar. And to Abby too, of course!
Congratulations, Senator Klobuchar!
Congratulations! Keep up all the good work.
Boy oh boy does she ever look like you Amy. Congrat's Abigail!
Congrats
Congratulations!! Abigail making mama proud!! It's a great feeling! Enjoy
I remember when she was just a wee tyke and playmate of Molly's. Way to go Abigail. Watch out world!

Grats to your Daughter.  Too bad so many other students can't afford college or get saddled with student loans that take decades to pay off.
Congrats Abigail!
Wow! Really?? Congrats Abigail
The beaming Klobuchar smile persists Congrats!
Senator, terrific, I've never forgotten those special days with mine,  be proud of your job well done !
She looks just like you! I'm sure the pride in reciprocated! #GoKlobuchar
Congratulations to Abigail and her parents
Congratulations!
Congrats to your daughter from Indivisible North Metro! She looks exactly like you Senator Klobuchar!
I think you are a terrific role model for today's young women.  A brilliant working  mom with a clear set of priorities. Congratulations !
I know you are proud. I hope she takes after her mom. We need more leaders like you!!
Congratulations Senator!
Congratulations Abigail, mom, and dad!
@amyklobuchar is she going to be president one day, like her mother?!
Congrats!
WTG congratz.
Congratulations Abigail!
Maybe a case of switched-at-birth here...
Congrats !!!!!
Congratulations..what a role model you have in your amazing mom
Congratulations! Was already impressed w/her for coming up w/. #SubmarineMom wishing her luck+happiness on the road ahead.
Lovely family.
Congrats! And wow. Abigail looks like the Venn diagram of you and your husband!
Congrats!
Congratulations!
Congratulations!!
Congratulations!
Congratulations! She looks like you. What will she be doing?

As I'm sure she's proud of you for being a true patriot. (I'm proud of you too.)
Always a proud day. Congrats to Abigail and the whole family. I hope she'll run for office!
Congrats to Abigail and her proud parents! May all your hopes and dreams for the future be fulfilled. 
You were the commencement speaker at my university when I graduated with my masters - your daughter is so lucky to get your wisdom close up!
Congratulations 
Congratulations Abigail from a Minnesota Teamster & Amy Klobuchar voter

Congratulation to Abigail! And congratulations to you Sen. Klobuchar and your beloved husband for being successful parents!!!
Congratulations to AbigailI wish you a healthy and prosperous life.
Congrats Abigail and family!
Congratulations to Abigail and her proud parents.
sincere congratulations!
Yale like her mom?
congratulations!
Congratulations 
Congrats to it whole family.
As a parent, still paying my childrens college debt off, my sincerest congratulations to you all!
Congrats! I hope she fist-bumped the dean when she got her diploma
Congratulations Abigail (who did the work) and family (for the support)!!  Cheers! 
