Thank you for your clarity of thought!
Can you please also look at meeting with the husband of a candidate under investigating by DOJ? @amyklobuchar
Your brain is beyond unscrambling. I'm blocking you. Delete your account.
Okay - you should be calling out hypocrisy on both sides. Good luck to you.
muslim rapefugees rapes 5 year old little girl. Klobbie stands with the RAPIST!
but he's a hat rack for #trump, so you know it won't happen.
TRUE ! But I Can Still Bitch Anyway! LOL !
I think Obama & others using private servers so they didn't get FOI request is far more warranted of an investigation-
Birdbrain, they are gone
Save that thought---
should but would he?
@mimi_x4 no recusal and no Flynn investigation  it is up to us #TheResistance
keep it up!
@MeatballMom2 You & I know it but how can he be forced to recuse. A lawsuit?
Amy, you are there to MAKE it happen. What's your plan?
Finally some meaningful effort! so what's your plan? I'm there
and where was this post when Bill Clinton had "private" meeting with former AG? I'll wait. Call out 1, ignore the other?
stop stirring the pot..
Please keep pushing!
.@amyklobuchar @RVAwonk Who can enforce and how?
#AGSessions refused to agree to any recusals during confirmation except for #Hillary so Dems will have to INSIST re #Trump PLS
You know the law. You are well respected & trusted. Please take the lead & demand answers! We deserve them  #FlynnResignation
Hmm...wonder if Loretta Lynch ever read this regulation.
get louder Amy. Put on your prosecutor hat and get stern. Looking forward to it!!!
keep up the pressure #persist #resist
the whole thing is a joke.   I'm still waiting to wake up from the nightmare in Nov. The rules don't seem to apply here
We'll let Comey do it then.
IF, Jeff Sessions was a man of integrity respected the Rule of Law, Constitution he would; but unfortunately he doesn't
@Ladyblueclr someone should of pointed that out to Loretta lynch!!
Is M.McConnell trying to get Gorsuch on Supreme Ct. before poo hits the fan & this stuff gets tied up in court
is this the same one that you gave to loretta lynch during hillarys debacle!  No, because your nothing but a 2 facedhypocrite
this administration has no respect for the law.
@Glinner @LouiseMensch has looked at the choice of Session's successor
and what is the deal with these Republicans voting to obstruct discovery? https://twitter.com/WaysMeansCmte/status/831539930434240512 … …
By a vote of 23-15, Republicans just voted to not request President Trump's tax returns from the Treasury Department.
@Kat4Obama @amyklobuchar @mkvermette They can't handle the truth!!!!
Jeff is a nasty ass Southern redneck hillbilly Most likely from an incestuous birth Racism and bigotry Confederate loser BAD!
you can tell by is Alt-face deformity that it's true Hahahaha Hahahaha
@Politics_PR can you get an independent investigation?how can @gop put #partyovercountry ?#RECUSE
Jason Chaffetz is implicated in the Comey affair last November and must be investigated. Per
Thank you for this! Pls do NOT give up on this. We must get to the bottom of this Russian 'stuff' for the sake of democracy.
Sessions was part of Trump's Campaign Council that also included Flynn and Giuliani. Clear conflict of interest.
CONSTITUTION?DOES IT MEANS ANYTHING TO THIS ADMINISTRATION?INCLUDING TO SOLD-OUT, UN-AMERICAN CONGRESS?DICTATORS!
@Politics_PR let's see how they wiggle out of this
Have you quoted yet the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952, which gave president power to ban entry by foreign nationals.
I hope you'll hang tough on this!!
Nice research senator you've done your homework I support sessions but agree with you he needs to sit this one out.
Go, Amy!
Go get him Senator.  They have a lot to answer for.
So proud of the determination of our championed, Sen. Amy.
How can this be enforced?
Good to see that because he inspires zero trust
Unfortunately, that ship has sailed with his confirmation as AG; GOP will support him???
Agreed! No to get your Republican colleagues to agree and investigate!!
Sally Yates for Lead Prosecutor of a  Independent Investigation regarding the @WhiteHouse and the Russians. 

@CNN @nytimes
Keep his feet to the fire Senator Klobuchar.  No Minnesota nice for this guy!
-Sessions may be the darkest character in a Black Hole cabinet, a blight on the Republic, but a Rock Star of the Confederacy
If only the Republicans cared about following laws...they only care about ignoring or repealing them.
@sunsouders Oh like HilLIARy, Bill, and Loretta Lynch?? Comey??
please keep the pressure on for this!
thank you for all you do!
please be louder!!!!
Push very, very hard on this! He cannot shut down the investigation when he and @POTUS could be targets of the it
.@amyklobuchar oh wow so someone involved in the substance cannt be involved in resolving it
please fight this! #mnvoter here!
remember #BillClinton depends on what definition of is is? DOJ reg uses word "has" after he left Senate he no longer "has"
Agreed, but will he? Today's GOP doesn't seem to care about rules or laws - only power grabs & enriching the rich.
but will he?
where were you when Hillary Clinton had a server in her home?... on her side. I see the hypocrisy, do you?
and are you crying foul right now because the Drumpf administration is doing the same thing?  No? I thought not.
nice. this is not Jr. High. namecalling is so classy. those without a good point do that.
there was literally no name calling...Your lack of ability to comprehend basic tweets is concerning.
problem is unless CONGRESS steps up and enforces this He WILL NOT!!
So what are you going to DO, senator? Any action? Or just words. Your constituents are watching and you're failing us.
Don't let up on this. Thank you for your work. #MNvoter here, paying attention
Amy, YOUR ARE the FIREWALL! Fight like Hell for MN sensibilities!
1000 x YES!
@MaryAnnHijack MSM reported this morning he would not recuse himself. American ppl need Congress to keep pressure on him
YES!
-He is an honorable man & he will make the right decision. It is time to clean up the DOJ & all of it's corruption!
haha, you think they care about the law and ethics.  Classic!!
So who enforces this? Or the emoluments clause?
Keep up the pressure. #conflictsofinterest don't seem to register as a problem with Exec. Branch these days. #persist
yep. Senate oversight will be essential in making sure he recuses. Force the issue Senator.
@igorvolsky @PaulBegala @washingtonpost @ananavarro @CNN thank you for sharing Senator!
That's why he recused himself from investigation of the Clinton Foundation, isn't it?
This is what I mean when I talk about staying loud. Good work, keep it up!
What are the ramifications if he doesn't? Who enforces this? So many rules broken - no repercussions so far.
yep, seeing a lot of nothing as far as enforcing the rules.  The @DNC seems to be leading from behind.
I'm hoping they have a plan that they will spring on us soon. Waiting for a sign. waiting....waiting...
 @amyklobuchar @DNC
STILL WAITING
We shall see if he does.  I'm not optimistic. The calibre of appointees leaves that in doubt.
- This is 100% clear, no "wiggle room" by Sessions or Administration.  As former prosecutor, please keep the pressure on!
Please, please, PLEASE stay on this. An independent investigation into Trump admin. connections to the Kremlin is a MUST.
Yes he does. Don't let up on this.

