-
GoodPointOnNeed2Control PoliticalContributions-
Like-Over$7BillionDemAgenda HasReceivedFrom
GSorosWho'sAgainstUS Sovereignty
Dems should not budge on making a move with this appt after Garland hearing was hijacked.
After sitting judge is murdered, Democrat judge is stalled. Only right to stop Glabalist agenda
we are in the capitol so we might see you!
So after the announcement today shouldn't anything Trump is involved in, be put on hold?
- Give 'em a run for our money!
FILIBUSTER
please share your findings about nominee Gorsuch attitude: women worked only to get help with pregnancy then left their job
Rs screwed Obama on Garland and federal judge appts. Can't let Rs get away with paying no price. Filibuster.
Please stand strong. This man is an extremist and must not be on the Supreme Court.
I understand you will be joining the filibuster against Gorsuch. Well done! Please know that we have your back here in MN!
Be Viking strong!  Ask the hard questions, over and over if you have to!
Thank you for keeping your eye on ball.  We must ABSOLUTELY NOT ALLOW Trump Russia investigation to slide stolen SCOTUS in.
stolen SCOTUS? That's funny
No sitting President under investigation by the FBI should be allowed to appoint a SCOTUS judge for life.  Fight this, Amy!
Obama did it twice and tried for a 3 and he was under investigation and still is...
You need to be very careful in your questioning, .@amyklobuchar. Intellectually Judge Gorsuch could make you look very petty & foolish on TV
Can we rely on you for an up-or-down vote .@amyklobuchar, or do we also count YOU among the unprincipled obstructionists?
Do what you need to do, BUT *** Judge Gorsuch deserves a vote. Thank you.
spkr. Ryan gets paid almost 1/4m of taxpayer dollars to write bills that screw anyone making less than  $100k.  WTF???
if the senate holds a hearing but the world is watching the house, does the senate hearing still make a sound
GOOD  QUESTION!
What a joke you are, parading like anyone even knows who you are! RUDE & Self promoting. Shut up if you want to hear answers
Hope you vote no!!!
Neil seems like the best choice possible...speaks with honor
keep fighting Gorsuch's appointment.  He would be a disaster.
.@amyklobuchar There should be no further action on SCOTUS vacancy until the FBI's investigation of POTUS collusion with Russia is complete.
ask him if he thinks the constitution was usurped by the Garland debacle.  Just wonder what his answer would ve
please block this nominee until more info is known about the Trump-Russia investigation.
no supreme Court Justice should be picked while tRump I'd campaigning. That's a Republican rule.
vote no
Are u going to talk about the first candidate on the list?
ask about voting rights
This is a stolen appointment and one that will damage this country for decades...do not confirm him.
we cannot confirm a new Supreme Court justice while there is a criminal investigation going with Trumps administration.
your my rep. Say no to Gorsuch who is pro corp. Does not have a history of pro people
I hope you see the necessity of postponing vote on Grouch until FBI investigation on Trump campaign is finished!
I think every Dem should vote for Gorsuch, but with the caveat that if Trump gets impeached, he gets removed!
you are a hypocrite just like our other weak senator Franken.
Vote NO!
NO to Gorsuch
I think he will make a OK choice... AFTER we confirm #Merrick Garland is confirmed. Otherwise block till next election
please vote Against.
I think we should confirm him.  As long as he will be staunchly loyal to the constitution, and comes off fairly moderate.
Counting on you to bring intuitive, truth-seeking, intellectual listening & speaking to this event on behalf of all Americans.
Please ask about his extreme positions
Please, for the good of the nation, @amyklobuchar Do not allow Traitors Trump to impact US for decades. Block Gorsuch.
#MerrickGarland
grill him because it will be very important that he be impartial and fair as a SCOTUS.
carry the dem party line, right? You have a lot of minnesotans who want him, try to remember that!
http://www.opensecrets.org  gives away the fake little man secret you espouse. @RealAlexJones @realDonaldTrump @VP @PhilDru
Good job putting human face on judicial rulings.
NO NO NO on any sc nom by illegitimate 45.  NO.
Ask hard questions re: constitutional interpretation, precedent and privacy Senator. Demand honest answers
Sorry to see you've got competition today in the House. Btw, don't forget; that's a stolen Supreme Court seat!
I don't think we should be confirming Supreme Court judges on the eve of the 2020 election cycle. Fight on.
Respect measured & thoughtful review.  As a ever democrat, confirmation hearings should be free from partisanship as possible.
If there is a problem with the Constitution, Amend.
The Oath of SCOTUS is to support and defend the Constitution of the United States.
Please call for the postponement of these hearings! If Trump colluded w/ a foreign gov't, he should not get to change SCOTUS.
Please be fair but tough
please BLOCK THIS NOMINATION
Ask connection between Citizen's United and Russian intervention in elect. Obama '10 referred to foreign involvement, SOTU.
Go get em Senator! We need strong democratic leadership now more than ever!!
