so are you going to oppose his nomination or nah?
P.S. none of your websites provide a phone number
you're kidding, right? It's on her site and you can find it with a simple Google search.
take your pick: long distance, toll free, or you can fax @amyklobuchar
thank you for your guidance
can a conservative former senator from Alabama uphold a more liberal legal framework?
would love to hear you ask about more funding for early home visiting programs 4 first time parents #thinkbabies #dhf #miechv
Where he stands on the Emoluments Clause in the Constitution regarding Trump's businesses and ties to foreign governments.
@kchildsgraham I'd ask whether he'd not just resign if illegal things were asked to be done, but actively stand against them..
VOTE NO. VOTE NO. That's it. Concerned, no, deeply alarmed constituent speaking.
Please don't betray the values of Minnesota by approving Senator Sessions. We deserve an Atty Gen who protects all Americans.
Trans issues, bathroom bills, especially since other states are trying to do so after NC (TX, etc.). Thank you!
Leslie get Real! The US has much bigger issues 2 fix! When trans become a majority, we will deal with it!
Trans=ppl & what they're testing waters on. Recall/read this poem "First they came for...": https://www.ushmm.org/wlc/en/article.php?ModuleId=10007392 …
Read the poem. I understand, watch what happens after 1/20/17! All this BS is going to Stop! US will move forward again! Finally
Protect us and vote no to Sessions and every other Trump nominee.
Ask what he'd do about a psychiatrically unstable POTUS.
Selling uranium to Russia
His answers are meaningless. You can only evaluate by looking at his PAST actions. Don't be duped. @alfranken @RBReich
Russia. Russia. Russia. His appraisal of ICA. PEOTUS foreign conflicts of interest. Thank you.
Yes, excellent.
You must not let Ben Carson be in charge of HUD. I fear him siding with P. Ryan, gutting the program and leave many homeless.
No new stocking of Muskies to non native lakes.
What was student life at Huntingdon College in the late 60s when Sessions attended? Was it still all white?
Are you still mad that Hillary lost, Tommy?
please please do not allow Sen. Sessions to be our AG.  I called and left a msg at your office too
how will he  address 'bad actors' w/in police community.  How wl he assess police depts whn systemic abuses seem apparent
If Trump or his campaign involved in Russia hack and communications with them, will there be a treason investigation?
Amy, pls ask Mr Sessions about his views regarding 1st amendment and separation of church & state. PS I'm from MN, u r great!
@amyklobuchar preserving tribal sovereignty and increasing mental health services
Thank you for being a Senator who actually cares enough to ask for input, unlike most of that private club.
how about equal opportunity, enforcing hate crime laws, enforcement of ethic laws and rules for politicians, gay equal rights.
Ask him how he feels about the #Benghazi scandal and noteworthy politicians using private email servers.
Thank you for standing against Sessions and for ALL Americans.
thank you Amy!  Keep asking the tough questions.
what about LGBTQIA rights?
Very proud of you as our Senator! Appreciate your calm yet direct manner when asking questions and stating your point. 
why do you think you can do this job?
If you didn't ask about it already, how about Sessions' support of the racist 1924 immigration act?
https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/01/jeff-sessions-1924-immigration/512591/ …
I wasn't satisfied with his answers and I hope you were not either.  He's putting a nice façade, but I do not support him.
how about you just vote No on him? His answers prove he represents a GIANT step backwards for equality! BE BRAVE vote no!
(Reading about the antitrust portion of hearings!)
marijuana and drug legislation, private prisons, conflicts of interest within the administration
MN folks loves you dearly Sen. Amy.  You fought 4 good & fairness policy everyday.  Keep up championed!
Does he believe that laws regulating a woman's body are constitutional?
ask @ACLU
The value of IEPs and our duty to educate ALL students, including those with special needs
So proud of your involvement all
 Minnesotan's participating!! THANK YOU
Must be disappointing to hear AG nominee promise to enforce the law. Total departure from dem AG's Holder and Lynch
Ask Sessions why so many people call him a racist. Can he apologize for his past(actions and words)?
how about his affection for the KKK?
hate crimes enforcement, religious freedom and instituting a registry, surveillance
. womens choice. What is his opinion of his own flaws?  If he thinks he has any.  Don't trust his answers.  He lies like DT?
Pls ask about human rights issues - especially #lgbtrights - his record is v scary.

Could you please ask Sen. Sessions if his chief of staff was behind connecting Trump with Carter Page? @amyklobuchar
lgbt
civil rights please. And I do feel more questions about voting rights.  Thank you.
same questions, change words around!
follow up with questions about Trump financial Foreign interests. And the constitutional laws on that.
Protecting transgender Americans from oppressive, harmful, bigoted legislation
Turn up the heat tomorrow at the hearings! No more #MNnice
Ask about Coretta Kings letter from 1986
Please press him on federal enforcement of civil rights. Thank you for your hard work on behalf of MN and USA, Senator.
Ask, again, if he would recuse himself if there is a Trump investigation.  He wouldn't answer?
Ask him about Correta Scott King's letter.
will he uphold abortion rights & LGBT rights (marriage eq, bathrooms)? Prosecute Trump conflict of interest/emoluments clause?
Civil Rights as in his record of disparaging African Americans; Marriage Equality
Ask whether he would consider a program like #crosscheck would be unconstitutional if applied to gun owners.
you made us proud at home in MN today!
- ask him if he would support strengthening disabilty rights for children and special education.
Also ask Sessions if he will make sure federal prisons are not privatized so there's not an economic incentive to imprison
Ask Sessions if he will continue the progress of lessening prison time for drug charges
what is his stance government whistleblowers? DOJ's Office of COPS? Use of domestic surveillance?
ask him if Back Lives Matter.
criminal justice reform.
ask him his views on the the private prison industry in the country. Also school2prison pipeline
ask about what his stance on state marijuana laws. What will federal approach be?
Please get more answers about 1st amend., press on people's right to peacefully assemble. I worry many forget what that is.
See if Sessions will commit to moving the Green Bay Packers to the AFC. And Alabama. #SkolVikings
Please push for support of our environment, wildlife and Nat'l parks. Don't sacrifice them for oil or mining.
Russian influence if they helped Hillary win? WhT would he be doing now?
thoughts on enviroment and its impact on global politics... who does he like in the super bowl. does he trust DT?
would love to know his thoughts on investigation and prosecution related to allegations on Trump-Kremlin coordination
replacement for the ACA since they are hell bent on repealing it.
lbgtq
No suggestions, but please vote against his confirmation. We need you.
Statements made about ADA and IDEA.
how about his blatant track record of racism?
Incarceration rates of African Americans for low level offenses.
Thank you Senator. Mention that it was Sessions behind bringing murder victims families to RNC, to stoke fear over immigrants
RUSSIA. Period.  We are the model of democracy and freedom throughout the world, and our election was completely hijacked.
Love how @SenTedCruz shut down that hypocrite @alfranken !!!!
Education?
LGBTQ rights
way to go girl!!!!
Move forward & go to the next. Be efficient, concise. You are all not that important. We are dying out here while U screw up
You might ask him about his prosecution of a white man for killing a black man. Or his prosecution of the KKK.
ask sessions about bathroom laws regarding transgender, LGBT rights and vote prevention laws like Ids and and hours
Delay Confirmation Hearings conditionally until Trump produces his Taxes.  DFL needs to hold the hypocritical GOP accountable.
@standshadows Americans with Disabilities act, and why he called special needs children "irritating" & cut funding 4 them.
how would he defend the rights of people with disabilities under the ADA given past statements about people with disabilities
YES, and you asked many GOOD questions. Voting rights has become a major concern in 'some states.'
What would he do if there was a move to impeach Trump? Does the AG play any part in this?
Need clarification on Sessions inflating his civil rights record, please Senator.
Ask him how he will deal with Delta Airlines & the moron who let Santiago board without calling TSA Only checked bag, a gun!
press him about women's rights and equality reform
Criminal Justice reform. Sentencing disparities. Rehabilitation over incarceration. Thank you.
Ask Nominee Sessions if his office will prosecute Muslim men who beat or murder their wives or daughters for hate crimes.
Ask Nominee Sessions if his office will prosecute Muslim men who beat or murder their wives and daughters for hate crimes.
Mass incarceration?
since JBS says he'd be open to renegotiating BO-era DOJ-PD consent decrees, why not ask him if he actually read Ferguson rept?
Ask him what he thinks about the @GopherMBB 15-2 start. If he doesn't know what you're talking about, he's out. #characterflaw
First, thank you for being you. Second, please ask about LGBT, Trans, minority and women's rights/protections. Thank you. 
Do not let him squirm away.
Confirm him. On his worst day he would be better than Holder or Lynch.
Russia.  Recruitment of Carter Page to Trump's foreign policy team.
Is he willing to investigate the disease of racism and racial profiling in police departments
thank you for standing up for us! All of Minnesota benefits from your attention on this!
Ask him if he admires former AG Eliot Richardson.
please ask about his enforcement of ADA and IDEA for ppl with disabilities! Sessions has bad history on these 
Ask questions that demonstrate his lack of familiarity with the U.S. Constitution.  He seems to lack basic qualifications.
Please also more questions about KKK associations. The proceedings should make his true nature obvious and clear.
Trump's and the members of his staff's conflicts of interest.
was SCOTUS wrong in Atkins and Roper? Why do you think we should execute MR and juvies? That was position as AG.
Ask if he will prosecute Trump when the full scale of the Russian collusion is revealed. #Kompromat #TrumpPutin #TrumpTreason
Enforcement of federal drug laws that contradict state laws.
Sen. Sessions has law enforcement endorsements far and wide, so how would he respond to BLM movement??? This is important!
If he would appt special prosecutor to investigate Trump now
You were fantastic today. Very proud 2 be a constituent.

Russia & LGBT rights - does he agree w/ Pence on conversion therapy?
Russia, Russia, russia
Sessions endorsed Trump in Jan 2015. In June 2015, Trump accused Judge Curiel of bias due to ethnicity. Did Sessions comment?
.@amyklobuchar Will he prosecute Trump if proven he collaborated w Russia to take down HRC & to hack @CheriJacobus http://cnn.it/2idxVCF 
And no "MN nice". Remember the grilling they gave Hillary.
Russia, conflicts/Emoluments clause, more on the comments about Roe v. Wade today, gay marriage. Thank you!!!
Will he prosecute conflicts of interest for Trump AND all of his appointees?
Also: use of federal eminent domain to make MN or other state resources available to mining/corporate development (NO NO NO!!)
Russia, please.
he repeatedly said he "did not research" so many topics. Is he qualified and prepared for this job??!!
please ask if he would prosecute Western States for legalization of cannabis.
Nepotism. Russia. Ask him why he believes that there was voter fraud. Ask him if voter fraud widespread, why Trump won EC
Please be forceful on transgender issues, bathroom bills etc. and also Russia.
Application of emoluments clause to Trump's business conflicts. Nepotism laws and whether they apply to Trump's children/s-i-l
Don't accept it if he does not answer the question. Follow up questions, do not be polite. There is too much at stake.
Just don't confirm.
Good job! Stay tough, we tough Minnesotans stand behind you and Senator Franken. We are sincerely worried about Sessions.
"Did you provide the voice of Huckleberry Hound?"
what about his ties to white nationalist groups? Would like a comment on that.
Trump knows nothing of law, if asked to do something less than constitutional will he put POTUS in his place or placate bully
how about the constitutionality of civil asset forfeiture? Apparently he supports it. Seems crazy in  light of due process..
Please vote no! Ask him if he was insulted when he saw the tape of Trump mocking the disabled journalist.
Thank you for asking this Senator. How he would deal with admin conflicts of interest and nepotism?
Concerned about his relationship w/Trump - we have trouble coming w/ethics and probs law breaking. Sessions is a lackey.
RUSSIA, PEOTUS conflicts, anti-nepotism law, please
BIG ONE @amyklobuchar F @realDonaldTrump & FAMILY DOES NOT FULLY DIVEST SPECIALLY N MUSLIM COUNTRIES WIL HE ASK CHIEF ROBTs NOT 2 ADMIN OATH
.@amyklobuchar Will he *consistently* defend federal law when it conflicts w state law (pot, abortion, guns) or pick based on his politics?
gay marriage and other protections to the LGBTQ community.
Do not color for Sessions, regardless of what he claims. His history proves he's an insensitive racist.
Ask him about immigration law, lawfare, and protecting whistleblowers
Our absurd incarceration rates for non-violent offenses and privatized for-profit penal system.
Climate Chaos Denialism. Will the next AG investigate Exxon for allegations that they knew about climate change all along?
You're embarrassing yourselves. the guy's a saint.
mental illness and addiction, thank you senator!
ask him if he knows why you can'r think of your own questions
ethics, corporate corruption
Yes, ask questions instead of pontificating about your record!
Not football or the Packers which in my opinion is irrelevant.
Ask about his LGBT record and how he will enforce current anti-discrimination legislation, marriage and his thoughts on FADA
Ask about Flint charges, ICE officers working with militias, priv security attacking protestors @ stand rock, & whistleblower
please vote no on approving him
Should ask abt future Kim Davis, Roy Moore, Bundy family armed stand offs w/fed situations under his DOJ.
also...He says he participated in pro civil rights legislation but the people involved have said he barely did anything...
how do we insure that we can hold him to what he is promising?  He talks a good game, but could do the opposite once confirmed
What, in your voting record,  would give marginalized populations confidence that you understand their standpoint?
Ask him to elaborate on statement that women and LGBT people "don't face that kind of discrimination today." Bring examples.
Can he put aside his beliefs on abortion and prosecute people who have tried to obstruct peoples entrances to abortion clinics
enforcing hate crimes laws, legality of PEOTUS financial benefit in office, more questioning on LGBT+ protection
If religious freedom will apply to immigrants too?
ask about his position on protections related to LGBT equality issues. @HRC is doing great work in AL via #ProjectOneAmerica
If he still believes LGBT Americans are second class citizens?
- How can an a nominee that doesn't complete their ethics review be considered ethical or transparent enough to serve duly?
protection of LGBT rights under religious freedom laws
Thank you for your hard work and opposition to Sessions.
What were his responses? Don't hold back
yup you Democrats to practice what you preach
What is he going to do to make sure Trump eliminates all his conflicts of interest?
Did Sessions say the military can imprison American citizens without charge or trial?
his interpretation of the emoluments clause and conflicts of interests - esp given his view of voting rights act as obtrusive
Focus on those thing which he failed to disclose.
Voting Rights Act, other current laws bearing directly on racial and sexual minority rights.
You're doing great! I'd love to hear what he thinks about militarization of police and #BlackLivesMatter
please ask him if will ensure every Americans right to vote?
I strongly oppose his confirmation. His history of fabrication is evident to the American people.
his LGBTQ record!
Has he completed all the questionnaires regarding ethics?
how he will address mass incarceration & the criminalization of blackness & the poor.
ah this is a interview with steve bannon.
During a 2015 interview with Alt-Right Steve Bannon, @JeffSessions praised the 1924 Asian Exclusion Act. #StopSessions #ConfirmationHearing 
@MarshallProj civil forfeiture
how will he uphold the rights of individuals with disabilities- does he plan to strongly enforce ADA, IDEA?
Great that you asked the questions. Please hold him accountable for a history of inaction/discrimination in your vote.
Thanks for asking @jeffsessions direct questions about protecting press freedoms. #staywoke #confirmationhearings #freepress
Also, willingness to enforce Emoluments clause.
please vote no
Thank you for doing your job today.  It's  important to hear the answers to these questions so we understand who this man is
ask #Sessions flat out why there is a widespread impression that he's racist homophobic misogynist & otherwise bigoted
@ManilanH separation of church and state please.
ask #Sessions if he has witnessed any of his #LGBT friends be discriminated against & what he as AG would do about it
More attacks of his tiny granddaughter. Seems to be the Dems go to.
ask #Sessions if he believes racially motivated police brutality exists, to give examples, and what he would do about it as AG
Women's ownership of their own bodies
