Which is why ALL ballots should have a #PaperTrail.
Optical Scan ballots are the only failsafe way to count votes.
That is also hackable.
Any electronic device is hackable.
Paper Trail is a failsafe mechanism.
Voter Intent is discernible
I write as a long-time election official
Ok then optical scanners are not the answer. They are not accurate.
Demur. They are accurate. When a power failure occurs, ballots can be counted.
Your comment is unlearned.
Physical ballots work.
I agree with physical paper ballots. You didn't see the video of the optical scanner  count being off and the refusal to recount the paper.
Discrepancy is the First Order of business when counting ballots w any system.
That hasn't happened in some precincts.
what are you doing to stop the AHCA?
agreed: PRIORITIES!
Sorry, both need attention, but national security comes first. Foreign power attempting to delete voter registrations is toxic for democracy
i may be in the minority: health care >> what will eventually be nothing more than a witch hunt #notsayingilikeit
I disagree, but think it will take a significant amount of time to unravel. Health care is easier to pay attention to/understand
when any politician is under investigation:
* 1 party/branch hunts for lies
* other tries not to perjure
* citizens distracted/suffer
This is a cynical take that assumes no investigation is worth having. Some are. Even a messy investigation by fallible people helps here.
i'm not saying those investigations are NOT worth having. Have them, but don't ignore citizen questions/requests on domestic issues.
I'm  vote for #trump because a want.  I sure i don't  saw Russia by my side
no, actual illiterates didn't need any help
Yes,you are the best example a learned and educated person does not offend and respect the ideology of others. But thanks for you example
you voted for the least qualified & already likely worst president in our history. It is also apparent you can't write. Please learn stuff.
You just snubbed about 50% of the democratic party...good job!
I'm sure this seemed like it made sense in your head.
Made a lot of sence.  You current with any news, not just conservative?
*sense. I just spelled it for you up there. 
There's no such thing as "conservative news" so I don't know what you're getting at
WE MUST DEMAND PAPER BALLOTS starting now.  Contact state Secretaries of State, let them know we'll be asking for them next elections.
I agree.
Good news is no votes were changed or deleted by these hacks.  US has the resources to provide more than adequate cyber security.
Yes One Vote = Voter ID with proofof citizenship, remove machines from internet connection & keep in precincts, expand cyber Security in USA
Need real proof.
That is terrible! However due to recent events I cannot find it within me to be shocked. This is a sad event for our democracy.
Who was overseeing and protecting our software at that time? Why wasn't it better protected?
Off topic, but what is your opinion of Donald Trump specifically?
Also, last fall, Obama told us this. Was this a lie?
Such incredibly fake deep state not-News!
Let's look into Chris Kobach, eh?
So exactly what are you going to do about it? We have no protection, no government. #fail
I agree! We also need to investigate all possibilities of voter fraud and I hope you will join this effort.
No votes where faked except those from illegal s in California voting machines are not hooked up to the internet or any outside source
But I remember clearly now. Those crafty Russkies used their magical space rays to move my hand away from Hillary's name on the ballot.
Actually they tried to access voter rolls but no proof they did: Perspective Russia's attempt to hack voting systems
so why are so many across the aisle from you are trying to deny it has happened?
भारत में मतदान मशीन पर बहुत दोष लगाये गये हैं ।
इस विषय पर एक फिल्म भी बन रही है ।
Amy, I support you in your effort to work on this problem. But don't blindly blame Trump. Don't think he's smart enough to rig an election!
So if you know the answer to the Russian issue it's time to fix it and move on to things we all need done.
Sessions is colluding/assisting w Russian*TERRORISTs*>in fact he IS NOT investigating hacking>pertains 2 all the others in>WH-phony patriot
Maybe this explains T's incredulity, hypersensivity about the election?
Time to go back to paper ballots and hand counts with witnesses.
Why on earth do pubs AND Russians get to pretend there's no AGW while interfering? DDDs went for ACA not a constitutional convention in '08!
Having secret, UNSECURED servers was a really bad idea. Also, the DNC servers still have not yet been allowed to be examined.. Why?
I really hope you have ambition for higher office. Your work and political poise are impressive.
Amy give it up.
OMG!
Not like it mattered??!!! SC position(s), seats in congress, governorships, and tons of setbacks to progressive laws leading the free world
We need paper ballot in Minnesota, Senator Klobuchar!!!  And elsewhere.
You should be worried about #Minnesota women having their clitoris cut off! #Muslims #Sharia #Isis #inners #tcot
Paper ballots. And, No, I'm not kidding. We can wait for outcome. We cannot risk a false outcome.
I care about 2016 before I care about the future. Should Hillary be our President? Was it stolen from her?
If Obama knew about it in October why did they not stop that process before the election?
We are very concerned as well. Thank you for continuing to work for answers.
I received a letter from the city where I live that voter information had been compromised back in August of 2016
And who was in charge while all this was going on and did nothing.  Keep this shit up and your votes will dry up too.
So YOU and TRIBUNE say.  LOL  Dream on about #2020  You're quite the disgrace to our democracy....
You'll not ever be more than that, dear.
Who was in charge the security of the country?They were to busy spying on private citizens, Sad!
@amyklobuchar Your concerned re Russian hackers but not a peep re: illegals & dead voting.  You Democrats are such predictable hypocrites.
Why aren't you concerned about The Obama administration attempting to hack into state election computers?

Too bad the Obama administration did not do more to protect our homeland from such invasive meddling, eh?
You should also look into why all Dead People vote Democrat and why those who vote more than once vote Democrat, are the Russian the problem
Where was your concern in 2012? 2008? 2004? 2000? 1996? etc….  Stop using #TheRussians™ as an excuse 2 attack Trump & do nothing in Congress
Thank you, Amy!  I'm concerned, too!  Will we ever have free, fair elections again?  Congress needs to ENSURE that!
What about all the illegal votes?
Amy for Pres. 2020
Has Trump lifted sanctions? Has POTUS allowed Exxon-Russia deal? No and No. Show me smoking gun. In the meantime, universal healthcare....
Senator, People are not being told of the extent of the hack. D's & R's poorly pretend the election was valid. Bull! Republic demands truth.
Maybe we worry about the last one a little harder?
So they hacked the house and senate first then went for the presidential spot to ensure policies would get voted through , makes sense
What eveeybody doesnt seem to get is the Russians have done it in every election -this isnt a news flash!!. "What difference does it make ?"
I would be more concerned about the AWAN BROTHERS and their connection to the Democratic Party...
Get some security software and some stronger passwords. 
If they can alter the count, then we need to go back to paper ballots that are hand counted.
This pap wouldn't get a C- in a freshman journalism class.
I think as Vladimir Putin said there may be some difference between Russian hackers nationals acting on their own and activities of russia
There is NO EVIDENCE election software was hacked. I suggest you stop spreading fake news.
How many votes were impacted? Zero
Those states need to step up
A continuous concern.
Go back to paper until absolutely certain things are safe - maybe never
Exactly
Everything this administration does is important, especially if this Con Man wasn't elected at all. Hacked software means hacked votes!!
Really?  Who's vote did not count?
There is not one bit of proof in that article.  Your just another bitter person. @amyklobuchar .
What are we going to do about it, Sen? Paper ballots are safer.
Agree important and agencies are working to quantify.   What are Repubs doing on AHC replacement ?   Need to open up the process
I can only think of one reason why an American would not be concerned about this. And it's not good.
Circus around potential Russian hacking is to usher in Federalized voter systems.  Just like Patriot Act was ready to roll right after 9/11.
Yes! We don't have luxury of waiting on this. Need tactics 2rectify NOW 2be ready for future campaigns!Must be fast-tracked!
Yet Trump and the GOP do not give a damn about interference. It's almost as if they are a party to it.
Where is your senate hearings on the hacking of americans by NSA & intelligence agency's?
Well it's a good thing HRC decided to move her emails with all this going on.  Smart woman!  Glad everyone is concerned now.
...misdirection to russia should concern you more. Its a proven fact they have hacked millions of americans
Thank you Sen! Need clarity to preserve integrity of our vote! @womensmarch @SenateDems @GOPSenMajority
The fact that the NSA & other alphabet groups have already been proven to have tech allowing ...
So what's being done to shore up our election infrastructure? We have elections going all the time & 2018 is right around the corner.
If any bright side, at least the russians exposed quite a few issues in the US electoral system, suppose did favour really
DO SOMETHING PLEASE!!!!! 
The GOP doesn't seem to care. 45 was right about one thing, our election was rigged. GOP knows they couldn't pass their agenda w/out help. 
It's quite alarming that neither the President nor the AG seem to think this is a concern at all.
Need to know what the Russians did when & how they did it and how we can stop it in the future; @realDonaldTrump's actions are just part.
What are you going to do about it?
So why is this just coming out now, seven months after the election?
Surely Obama knew about this of it happened, yet he said nothing and reaffirmed the integrity of the votes and tallies.
I'm not sure I buy that story. Election systems are decentralized. Plus DHS tried hacking into at least GA and IN and failed.
Which is why we DEMAND going back to paper ballots!
Did they change any votes .. skip  the political rant
This from the people that scream no voter fraud
I think that is what McCain was just asking about. Crazy.
This must be how @HillaryClinton "won the popular vote."
Who are you? Do you realize that dipshit article has no evidence except "they claim"

Not really a problem for Republicans because they benefited. Imagine if they had lost due to Russian interference.
any proof?
We had democrats hacking the elections also by throwing away votes and changing things~
Exactly so why does the GOP feel no urgency to get to the bottom of this?
Amy--Wake up--Soros owns alot of the Voting Machines.
So did they affect any votes by directly changing them?
if that is the case of hacking, what happens to the electoral system, they can'y hack peoples Mind
Amy, Democrats have helped Russia interference. 
Is this an absolute fact?
Did you read the article?
Please don't let this go! I have no faith in the GOP.
Why weren't you commenting on this when we told you about it months ago? #RussiaHacking
Yeah! It’s not HILLARYS fault..she would’ve won...hey y’all should run her again in 2020
The only answer is go back to the hand count on Election Day.
You should be concerned because Democrats are idiots and can't win elections.
