@realDonaldTrump Russia scam is just more Alt-Left obstruction. Let's all get together and make America great again!
I'd be just fine once Trump is out. Could we please just have a president who seems sane?
I dealt with Obama for eight years and would have had to deal with Hillary. Respect democracy!
I wish my only issue was with Trump's policies. That would be heaven. He's gonna get us all killed
Whats going to get us killed is weak military left in ruins by Obama. Ask someone in military for opinion!
all you care about is military and bravado. We do have to co-exist peacefully with the rest of the world
How would you have coexisted with Hitler? How many more would have burned because of complacency like yours!
that's what other countries are thinking of Trump right now. How does one co-exist with Hitler?
I don't remember him ever insinuating that cyber attacks were "fake news". Funny how we hear things differently. # liberalspin
@SenFranken please demand that Jeff Sessions recuse himself from Russian Investigation
thank you for pushing back!
@potus is on right track.
You are a Much bigger risk than Trump. We already know u can ruin a State!
Thank you What's up with GOP trying to cover up the Russia investigation & Session refusing to recuse himself or charge Flynn?
What's up with sending your treasonous lying traitor Hillary to jail like she should already have been?
. Yet nothing was done about hillary's unsecured cyber stuff.  Hmmm I wonder where Russia got all their info.
AND he was exceedingly rude to the Jewish gentleman. I was disgusted.
thank you!
Thank you, Senator at least you tried to stop Pruitt!
Proud of both my senators! Hooray, @amyklobuchar.
Going to floor on Pruitt &russia. Contrary to POTUS press conf remarks (WOW) cyber attack isn't "fake" news--ask 17 us intel agencies!
keep up the fight!  I'm very worried about the direction this administration is taking! Bannon has to go!
@alfranken Proud of my MN Senators!
#PostponePruitt!
Thank you!
please keep up the good fight. this shit is crazy! we need you!
Where were you when Obama CIA was interfering with France, Russia and Israel elections?
investigate!!!!!!
Thank you Senator! I support you on both these issues. I do not want our hard fought environmental work to go kaput! Scared!
Thank You, delay on Pruitt and the get down to the bottom of the collusion with Russia. You and Al have been working hard.
stay strong Amy! Vote no on Pruitt
thank u for yours and sen McCain' diligence on this craziness!
why the coziness with Russia? Motivator? Follow the money! Russian Oil deal.Who was the undisclosed buyer?Resist!
thank you for representing mn
Really? Your party LOST! Start respecting POTUS! @realDonaldTrump @PrisonPlanet
show us some evidence, instead of quoting numbers people talking..
Yeah, we've asked them. You're a liar on your way out! What a Jew-hating, anti-Israeli you and Senator Comic turned out to be
@realDonaldTrump doesn't trust U.S. intelligence. He only relies on #FoxNews and what Russia tells him to believe. #resist
.@amyklobuchar Keep fighting the good fight!! As one of your constituents, I stand behind you with my full support!! 
fight with all you've got, we need you to take our fight from the streets to the halls.
how can we get sanity back to D.C.?  Republicans need to see that Trump and his henchpeople are a cancer that is infecting all
He just voices random defensive thoughts. This man is our President?
thank you and keep fighting. I've never feared for our country more. Very scary with him in charge.
stay strong on Pruitt. His 3000 damning emails are released Tues.
Keep fighting, Amy!  We need strong Senators to stand up and keep the crazy at bay.  Thanks for all you do!
Hang tough on Pruitt - need those docs in record. Good luck!
You should approve Pruitt ASAP!!

thank you Senator. Beyond partisan lines Congress must voice opinions which matter to WE THE PEOPLE! Not election or fake news
and by that, I mean "fake" news. #FightOn
thank you.  Please help us sleep at night
yes fake news there is no crime beyond Obama left behinds targeting and leaking Flynn, to destroy the new POTUS . We see it !!
Thank you!
watching.  Thank you!
Awesome, but why isn't Flynn going to be prosecuted?
'wow' indeed - I am so embarrassed
Thank you for the straight talk, Senator.  It's a refreshing change to see leadership.
he's #spmi. I knew it since last spring..I even emailed potus44 .I was so concerned. He's unstable mentally
You tell them Senator! Fight for Democracy!
Ma'am, thank you for continuing to fulfill your oath of office.
You go grrrl!!!
he's out of control, it's really embarrassing
Are you also going after who leaked this information?
#TheLiarPresident is trying to deflect attention from his Russian involvement.  Force him to release his tax returns!
Keep fighting. Stay strong.
Russians Russians Russians everywhere
I did not vote for this village idiot con-man pathological liar fascist #notmypresident #putinpuppet #impeachment
Thank you Ms Senator Amy for stepping up check and balance on #notmypresident #putinpuppet #impeachment executive runmuckshow
So glad you're on it Amy. That ship 30 miles off our coast is worrisome!!
Wish you were my Senator! I live in Louisiana, a state crippled from Republican governance even w/ a Dem gov.
What in the world is going on with POTUS? It's like he is living in a different world and is very concerning!
keep fighting!!
you're a troll
thank you and @alfranken for your determination and commitment. I find comfort knowing you are representing my concerns.
persistence is resistance
I stand with you.
Thank you thank you thank you for all you keep doing for us.
there are not 17 intel agencys you physco Klobuchar!  Stfu you have no clue and there  has been no proof ,fake news!
stay strong on this Amy! He is out to destroy us!
on that note our intelligence service while I love them seems to be a bit large, lends to Snowden types too many clearances
thank you for saying everything you did!
You are  a great senator. And I'm glad you're mine. We are lucky to have you and Franken. Keep investigating and resisting
Thank you for continuing to speak out on what really matters!
Thank you, Senator! Let us know how we can all help you! #resist
17 that he wants to consolidate to ?.  This is scary.
why did you vote for four of his cabinet nominees
thank you! Keep it up
good to hear!! Keep hammering away, you will get to the bottom of this Trump-abyss.
Thank you Amy - I'm a proud Constituent.
.@amyklobuchar I hope that means you're voting NO on #Pruitt. Please! #RejectPruitt #pollutingPruitt
Wow, indeed. Please move toward impeachment... he's dangerous and has to go.
I would like the focus to stay on the issues of security with Russia and the Trump administration and trumps taxes. Thank you
This should be your priority. No niceties to fellow senators until they agree to what we all know.
please continue to follow up and follow through. We need sanity in Washington
You're right, that's not "fake news".  It's true.  As is the dossier claiming that Trump has been compromised by Russia.
Thank you, Sen Klobuchar!  Watching you right now! Thank you for speaking out about these important issues & representing MN.
Thank you Amy
keep #Trumprussia front and center above all else,WH and @GOP have no credibility until independent investigation
Thank you! #MNHasTheBestSenators
Keep pressure on for Russia investigation! And NO PRUITT!! Thank you for fighting for constituents and the environment!
Thank you, Senator Klobuchar!
Thank you; we are behind you all the way!
please delay Pruitt! Judge in OK has ordered release of email!
you go for it. He's such an embarrassment to this country
Thank you!!
keep up the great work, Senator! Thank you!
Thank you!!!!!
keep up the pressure. Investigate the trump putin axis of corruption and deceit
keep up the pressure. We need to know the truth! #factsmatter #fromtrumptorussiawithlove
Appreciate how you aren't backing down!
LOL, the same 17 agencies that claimed Hillary did nothing wrong in destroying Federal documents & emails????
NOBODY cares about Hillary anymore! The concern is this orange nazi that is actively trying to destroy democracy.
WRONG! we the people are concerned about WHY Hillary got off after destroying federal records after "subpoenaed"
She's got nothing to do with the issue at hand.
Glad you are speaking out! Please also try to foster bi-partisan support from your colleagues across the aisle! #46IsNotEnough
when will proof of these attacks be made available to the public?
please continue to fight for America. God bless you.
cc @Khanoisseur
Keep fighting!
just saw judge in OK is saying his emails must be  released can vote be held up?
Trump is an unpatriotic disgrace, our intelligence community deserves respect
Thank you for fighting the good fight. And please don't stop.
Thank you for standing up and speaking out!  #persist #truth #accountability #transparency #Investigate
I wanna stop being terrified but every time he opens his mouth I can't ...  I just can't stand how horrible he his.  HELP
Thank you, Amy.
This was halfheartedly reported during the election, but was eclipsed by E-mails. You know who I think is the last domino? DJT
its sad: the US Senate is populated by mediocre people who are photogenic like this bimbo.
Thank you, Senator. Keep fighting - Democracy depends on it. (You and all of us)
thank you Senator.
keep up the fight!
Please keep fighting for what you know is right.  We love you for it.
he is out of touch with reality
