This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
The truth is there is ZERO evidence of Trump / Russian collusion. All fabricated by Democrats as an excuse for being thrown out of power.
that's cute
Dems charge Russia gave the emails to Wikileaks to help Trump. One of their own, Seth Rich, did it to hurt Hillary. Mueller will be on it.
awwww look at you and your counterfactual rhetoric
The whole truth is not a friend of the DNC, The DFL should withdraw from the Democratic Party.
It really is. He is not a good person. In my opinion he doesn't have the best intent for the U.S.
OK. The truth is Seth Rich leaked the DNC emails to Wikileaks and the Democrats had him murdered. Mueller will investigate it. Case closed.
You tell'em Amy! Thanks for representing MN so well amidst all the DC craziness!
Bah hum bug.  Dems make up their oen "truth"
You people are sick. Why don't you leave the guy alone. His crime was winning the election.
No, YOUR CRIME was voting for him. He'd already committed Treason even before he was nominated. How many campaign promises has he kept?
Treason..lol. Dream on.
Hide and watch. You laugh now, but will you still be cackling as he drops from the gallows? Don't think so. Maybe they have a spot for you?
Only a person with psychiatric issues would tweet something like that. Feel better. Good luck.
Erdogan is sure to object to arming Kurds. Why are we in Afghanistan? When did we become wall builders? Will sign AHCA in any form. Jared.
We need a wall to keep drugs out. We are in Afghanistan because of 9/11.
I watched 9/11 live, read NIST report, saw many documentaries. Doesn't add up. Bldgs, #7 in particular, came down much too fast 4 jet fuel.
"Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power." ~ Lincoln.  Clinton proved same for women.
Its a witch hunt @amyklobuchar has been from even before @potus was elected. you are the corrupt DNC supporter i always knew you were.so sad
Donnie Donnie Donnie such a putz
What's truth ?
I hate to tell Trump Nixon was too. The truth will set you free Trump.
If it was a truth hunt it would've ended months ago .@amyklobuchar. This is just a play by Dems to stop .@potus's agenda. Your party's sick.
You better find something or this a complete waste of government money and time, another thing Democrat are good at
What is sad...not seeking truth in the Seth Rich case or the truth in the DNC's  collusion in the nomination process as well. Plz be realAmy
@KearnivalD Good luck finding the truth in ANY of the mess we call American politics! They are ALL disgraceful! Pathetic!
I know who the "Witch" is -- Duh
And if you find nothing will you apologize for saying all the false talking points?
No, this is Democrats creating nonstop scandal message until 2018.  You lost of 1200 elections in the last 8 yrs.  You have nothing to sell.
Yes I have to agree with you
I think someone needs to do a drug test on Trump what person in their right mind tweets at 2am
Yea right!  Wonder if Hillary's team emailed the justice department.  @LindseyGrahamSC thinks so
Some wiseman once said "be careful what you wish for ".
Well tell me when you get the truth. Your not gonna accept it are you .Because you only believe what cnn wants you to believe hun
lmfao This hack @ChrisCuomo on #FakeNews @CNN has zero credibility. He's as pathetic as this wench ~> @maddow

#MAGA
Exactly! I'm so proud of the caliber of our US Senators!!
Like #Nixon
#Trump also calls the 
#RuleOfLaw a #WitchHunt! 
I think you mean Red Scare.
#FollowTheFacts #RussiaInvestigation
#Witchhunt?
Here witchy witchy witchy!
I mean #Snowflake
And maybe we can finally be free.
No Amy, it's a Witch Hunt and you know it.
I seem to remember this little thing about an Obama birth certificate.
Amy. Nothing in DC is ever about the truth.
Truth is looking you in the face.
KABOOOOM !!!

@LindseyGrahamSC: "I have reason to believe DNC, Hillary & DOJ Colluded on Hillary email Investigation.…

Heck yes it is!
Exactly! I was in the booth about to vote for Clinton when some Russian guy poked his head in and told me to vote for Trump, so I had to.
@realDonaldTrump Truth, meet Donald Trump. Donald Trump, meet Truth.
@realDonaldTrump please stay AMY and don't get into "the politics"
If he has nothing to hide, why does he keep saying contradictory statements about this subject? And keep bringing up the subject?
When your not guilty of what your being accused of you deny and drop the subject. Not continue to throw fuel on the fire. Hiding something?
Most of us already know the truth; just need to prove it, then include Pence & Ryan. Get Bernie or Kasich in, things will get better.
Vote her out!
Why didn't you hunt the truth about Secretary Clinton's many, many email transgressions?
@ChrisCuomo it's a witch hunt
What's to hunt? We all saw him ask Russia to hack Hillary. T in DJT also stands for Treason. Hang, draw, & quarter him, like Britain used to
This is a coup by traitors in the Congress and in the Deep State.
Need truth in DNC Fraud took the vote from Dems & Ellison screwed.
You have to take into consideration that Trump knows nothing about history.  I think he's trying to tweet with Howard Zinn for help.
#TRUTH
Where was the truth hunt over Hillary's emails?
Name one law that has been broken.  YOu can't.  All political theatre and show. You have no ethics, morals, or soul.
@ChrisCuomo Most honest statement to date. Still hunting for facts. So far we have none. Only allegations. 
Apart from those who were assassinated!
Not a witch hunt... He's the single greatest witch of a 'politician ' ...
This is just a play out of government playbook to divert public attention away from potentially unsolvable issues that need attention NOW.
finally
This is what #democracy looks like!
These are the very principles America was founded on, "Life, Liberty and the pursuit of happiness" all of which are in jeopardy with trump.

Send him a copy of The Crucible.
Exactly! The resources utilized for this investigation are vital to uncovering the truth.
No Amy it is not.  Democrats have been after Trump from day one. You included. Stop the partisanship!
Best tweet ever.
@alfranken @RepJasonLewis president can't handle truth. Please work to discover truth on USSR/WH ties & bring those accountable to justice
Chances are you're not going to like the results!! Before I get lit up I didn't vote for him
The truth is "been hunting for months" no crime found. Politicians should be ashamed of how they act.
There's plenty of evidence; we just need to know the whole story before kicking him and his friends up. Hide & watch.
Don't you actually have to have a crime to investigate? Just saying...no proof of anything but looney leftwing conspiracy theories!
We would not have to hunt for the truth If this administration were not trying to hide the truth from the american people and the world.
Right...and if the 'leader of the administration didn't lie more than he tells the truth.
This is #fakenews
You are fake news. When Fox is gone, where will you get your hatred from? Our will you just make it up as you go?
Amen, Senator!
Thank you for standing up!
This a demand for truth and accountability!
And when nothing is found will you then apologize?
Love you Amy Klobachar!! Keep digging this man is as corrupt as anyone ..FOLLOW THE MONEY!
Hillary now that's corruption at its highest level but I'm sure you don't agree.
Who's truth?
*whose
Thanks!  Point is the same
Super offended he would compare himself to witches in any way, shape, or form.
Amy you and the Dems may not like the truth that is exposed.
Thank you from Minnesota. We never voted for Trump not even once.
I don't think you know what the truth is.
Every thing has to be investigated
Thank you Amy
@ChrisCuomo @realDonaldTrump this is a bias WITCHHUNT, especially when Chris has to RT another ignorant libs proclamation
If the truth is snipe. Ever been snipe hunting?
Ignore the child whinging in aisle three.  He's just trying to get attention.
You are absolutely correct, Amy Klobuchar!!
The truth is not always kind.
Thank you Senator!
The Ignoramus in Chief will hire as his next spokesperson >
I really enjoyed hearing you on NPR this morning, Senator Klobuchar.  Thanks for your intelligent and conscientious work.
Did you push for a "truth hunt" regarding Clintons server?  No!  Zero evidence of collusion, yet see how partisan you are!!!!!
U will always wonder how
It could have been if u'd only lied
It's 2 late 2 chng events
It's time 2 face the consequence
4 dlvring the proof
You are a fool.
The search that derails real work. The search that lasted months and no proof. The search of what exactly?
Prez. T. apparently needs to hit an elementary school history class for this one:  remember Pres. Obama?
You've lost your mind Amy. Don't let your obsession interfere in productive political service. I still believe you are capable of doing good

Mueller named special counsel. Trump's response: unfair! A "witch hunt." I cannot imagine how this will play out.

#TheResistance 
U sold out truth when U decide to back unindicted criminal who rode her husband's coattalis 2 levels of power she cld not attain on her own.
And they keep finding witches.
Given no one has any evidence, would it not be more accurate to call them media manufactured scandals? #WaPoBull #CNNVeryFake #MSNBCrap
You didn't care as much about the truth with Hillary or Obama, did you Amy?
Truth? Will the witchhunters be pleased when Mueller investigates and reveals the leakers in our government?
Will #Democrats accept Mueller's findings as graciously as they accpted election results? Ironic, huh? #WaPoBull #CNNVeryFakeNews #MSNBCrap
there's no evidence of a crime being committed... stop pissing away the taxpayers money...
He forgot about Nixon apparently
And trumpy is the witch.    He is do crooked.    Glad Mr Mueller will find the truth
Yeah thanks for ruining Minnesota I mean I left the police state but seriously your garbage
I guess that depends what your defining of "truth" is?
Without question Senator!
If Mueller finds no collusion to influence u good w/that, if he finds surveill/unmasking leaks u good w/that, all about truth right?
Perfect!
See, you are making America great again!
Careful. You may not be able to handle the truth.
IRS. Fast & Furious.Solyndra. Benghazi.Seth Rich.Clinton Foundation.Hilly's emails & classified doc's.I could go on. Cheers!
lets start with hillary then
Why not start with investigating Adam, Eve and Satan for collusion? Why not investigate every crime on earth before investigating Trump?
lets start with the biggest crimes then, lets start with hillary #benghazi
umm, ya,  they already did investigate that.  No crimes there. SO, now on to the Trump investigation.
It obviously is not...
Truth to what? Exactly any hard evidence anything criminal happened?
Finally. The part where people are pissed is this fervor didn't exist under the previous admin. People STILL claim it was scandal free...
He was never a "politician". Therein lies the problem. It's been like having the guy at the garage perform ur brain surgery. Wrong skill set
@ChrisCuomo @realDonaldTrump 
The Truth?
Who silenced Woodward in the WH, to bury his Benghazi Story.
The irony is that @realBobWoodward , was silenced in the WH,to bury his Story, not by Nixon,but by Obama.
The Benghazi Cover Up
Truth is last thing liberalism wants
https://twitter.com/billcrowley3rd/status/865324318095486979 ….
http://freebeacon.com/issues/net-neutrality-supporters-want-ban-drudge/ …  fascism is the new liberalism
U hate the truth
More importantly than politics , how in God's name did you get verified, I've never even heard of you before ???
A truth hunt that is laced with "If Trump, If Trump, If Trump".....sounds more like an Assumption Hunt!
Will Mueller subpoena the DNC server records?  FBI has never examined the forensic data, just took Dem-connected Crowstrike's word for it
Exactly
Narcissists can't see past their own narratives.
Thank you for all you are doing to help us get to the truth. I agree that we also need an independent commission going forward.
Bears don't like Bear Hunts
Foxes don't like Fox Hunts
Witches don't like Witch Hunts
Criminals don't like criminal investigations; they prefer to call them "matters".
I'm all in for a SANDwich hunt.
Thank you, Senator. And, it's been great to see you making the rounds on the networks.
Seth moved DNC emails to wikileaks(44,000). The truth shines brightly through talking points.
Well stated, Senator! Proud you represent my state.
At least ur not proud she backed unindicted criminal who enabled rapist and serial sexual harrasser 2 get 2 power she cld not attain herself
or a witch hunt if the witch were actually a witch and was constantly tweeting about being a witch.
What was Benghazi? What was Donna Brazile? What was Iran cash deal? What was ISIS(sorry,moderate rebel) deal? Who was Seth Rich!!!!?
You're the shit Klobuchar!!! Make me wanna move to minnesota so I can see you at town halls lol
 Alternative Fats and his friends help sniff it out.
The truth can be a witch. @_plainKate_
It also can set you free
We are counting on you all to save the USA.  
