NBC should be reprimanded for calling the president a "moron".
It's more than just bad taste and complete disrespect for the man and our president.
Do not favor using power of licenses to stop the press but I will say the press is the most disgusting TMZ-like entity I know.
Every dictatorship starts with shacking the press, creating conflict (us vs them), and disarming the citizens in the name of public safety.
Can we please start the impeachment process or better yet, invoke the 25th amendment?
No reporters need to be like your Dad and report real news.
I worked with your dad at the Minneapolis Star.  He was one of the greats!  Amazing energy!
Speaking of @nbc , why do you suppose they tried to quash the Weinstein story?
Waiting
There seems little difference between argument for censoring *fake* social media content and dishonest MSM reporting.

Don't have a good memory?
What about his cutting programs & changing laws thru executive order? After being passed in both houses, signed into law by President Obama?
And a great reporter, to boot!
Thank you for continuing to speak up and out about the travesty that is the trump administration
Meanwhile, in Puerto Rico...
Reporters, journalists, interviewers, writers are supposed to REPORT THE NEWS - not roll their eyes, gasp, sigh and show their bias.
Then create a group of Congress ppl or other legal option to take DT out of office! PLEASE! Or restrict his speeches, executive orders, etc
They are not reporting news. That’s the problem. Lies and opinions not facts. Lost all credibility.
Yes,  i agree.  These universities must stop their attacks on conservative speakers AND students!  They cannot silence  conservatives.
Yeah, I certainly agree.
Has to be a Constitutional way to stop him from dismantling the whole government & destroying our reputation world-wide. Research it, folks.
Are you a bit confused...
They need to stop on both sides!
@amyklobuchar  By that reasoning, shouldn't attacks on the 2nd amendment stop also?
And social media should be protected too.

#FridayThe13th #FlashBackFriday 1 of the most egregious aspects of #MSM coverage of alleged #Russian interference N 2016 pres election @FEC https://twitter.com/dipperstar43/status/895394118121263104 …
This all has to stop. You and the others have to step up and stop it. #ImpeachTrump
Especially since most news the days is direct quotes made on camera by the people involved. Attacks on press is a form of disinformation.
The public deserves to know what is going on, the way that is done thank goodness is the press.
Do you mean the "press" or political commentators?
Then do something about it! 
(1) Dad was a reporter? Was your dad a political hack like these bozos? Unnamed sources of chaos & turmoil, disproven daily!
Yet you suppress that your grandpa was a boot legger...
With all due respect, Senator. Congressional pleas (and the lack thereof) of a presidential reckoning are hollow. DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!
Something has to be done if th media networks did all this crap to Obama people would’ve been up in arms why is this criminals being allowed
NBC ABC CBS New York Times MS NBC are all lying and putting out negative coverage of the president of United States this must stop
I am so concerned about lies in media, media needs to be investigated a prosecuted for the lies and the crap that they are putting out there
Yes the dictator @realDonaldTrump  needs to be stopped!!
Have got to stop, but will not stop. Everyone still keeps think Trump will or should or must change. He won't.
Yesterday, Sec. Kelly echoed those attacks in case you thought the "adults" in the room were any better...
NFL turned it's back on our flag/anthem now media has turned it's back on viewers by no longer showing flag/anthem covering up for NFL, bias
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT, Senator! You guys are our last best hope to continue being a GREAT nation - he is deconstructing our foundation 1 X 1
Remember when President Obama tapped the phones of reporter @JamesRosenTV ? Or, what he did to the AP? Were you upset then? If not, why not?
Can't fix a real problem, like #Somali rapists and imported to MN African terrorists for #dfl votes: then distract w/ made up ones.
How about the attacks on Minnesotans by your imported Democrat voting Africans? Like this one from Crookston, MN that walked.
#JustineDamond
How about these attacks on the POTUS with fake news need to stop?? Then again it only helps him, but they just can't figure that out
The day in crazy from 45...and note we are talking about nukes, to which he has access.
Another reason for trump out of public off took oath up hold and defend constitution
The guy that's in the White House is doing whatever he feels like - seems to be more of a dictator than a leader of democracy #BTN11
I agree with Amy.
The press must reestablish itself with truth and integrity..if you can't understand that simple fact then you should leave politics.
Maybe they should actually report the news not their political ideology
please
Wrong.  Its not real news/ press right now. Its nothing but  tabloid journalism. Real news does not exist any longer.
25th amendment resolution can start in senate
This leftist crap needs to end, you should read how the left has ruined the former best high school edina, now it's a politically correct piece of crap, with falling test scores,  kinda like nbc news.
Report facts, opinion writers are not reporters nor are they sources for facts.
Fact:
@TheDemocrats must reach the republicans and convince somehow to act. This has to come to an end or will be on same track as environment.
Then the media needs to stop being bias and report news not lies and disrespect
Reporters aren't the same today they are looked at like a used car salesman or ambulance chasing lawyer.
Invoking the 25th amendment is the surest way to stopping his unhinged policies.
This story seems legit. But even if incorrect, it's a mistake, not a story purposely made up.
How about if the media STOP with the fake news. Oh yeah - STOP ur fake outrage!
I don't think they will stop. A dictatorial person does not want the truth about him widely known.
Your Dad was one of my favorites. So are you. I'm glad Jim was around when a young guy (me) was trying to figure this world out.
Fake news, libel, slander and smear attacks are fair game. 1st amendment #Mediabias
I’m sure you know a lot about journalism because of your job and your dad. And you should also recognize yellow journalism when you see it.
AMY K. lets remember your father made up stories then, just like NBC does now. It is called FAKE NEWS. Get to BUSINESS & pass tax reform
You have absolutely no credibility with what you just said. It's 100% ridiculous
What about the attacks on this administration?! Reporting lies is not journalism Amy.
Trump's threat to pull NBC's licensing is like the "time out" parents impose on their kids for bad behavior. Where is unbiased journalism?
Most journalism is unbiased.
Corp owned media has consolidated from 50 cos to 6. Those 6 lrg& powerful cos can&do control&manipulate MSM. Look for independent reporters.
Let's get this straight. TRUMP IS NOT THE VICTIM. WE ARE. The only thing he's a victim of, is his own stupidity
The press needs integrity and neutrality back.   #CORRUPTION #BigMoney #honestreporting @realDonaldTrump

Everything coming out of the WH needs to stop we need congress to save this country from collapse
I recall reading your Dad's articles. He was excellent! Wouldn't he too be disappointed in this unfortunate circumstance of a presidency?
Time for the #25thAmendmentNow before #FakePresident starts WWIII
Your dad was also my journalism professor at College of St. Thomas... and a great guy.
Are you delirious or the swampiest politician ever?
Loved your dad's work! 

Please be part of the solution to stop Trump's attack on America!  #25amendmentnow
(2) How's that Russia thing going? You're involved in that,media with theories & slander! libs attack on People's intelligence needs to stop
Lol, you don't know how right you arehttps://twitter.com/DebMatheny/status/895432306340638720 …
Love this @AmyKlobuchar
https://twitter.com/DebMatheny/status/864547261400928258 …#Klobuchar, #McCain & #Graham kibitzing in the Ukraine! @FEC https://twitter.com/dipperstar43/status/895394118121263104 …
Trump has done Nothing but Great things!!  And look at all the dolts here that dont even know it! He's already The Greatest POTUS in History
My Dad was a political analyst / writer for the Detroit News.  He is Appalled by Leftist lies and all the #FakeNews!  It needs to STOP!!
But they are telling fake news. Why wouldn't you want that false narrative stopped or at least degraded. NBC is covering for rapists now.
Hmm. If only I were a u.s. senator maybe I could figure out a way to stop these attacks?
#duh
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Isn't the First Amendment, freedom of speech?? You can't stop it
The MSM needs to stop reporting fake news. It is that simple
Your dad was a reporter, I'm sorry
Was he corrupt and a colluder too?
And a darn good one! #DuckDuckGreyDuck
Then tell all the BIAS and LYING media & reporters to start bringing HONESTY, DIGNITY, and REAL journalism back vs 24/7 HATE NEWS! #SickofIT
Maybe when you're done choking on Faux and the fascist madman is out of the WH. #ImpeachTrump
The false reports from the news, need to stop! They are hurting America!
You know who is? Trump. Trump is literally destroying America.
Trump knows how to push dems & reporters buttons. Fun to watch.
This is not a game. This is not a reality tv show.
We will stop when you do some work in congress. You do no work, no ideas, just cry, cry, cry. I sure your dad did his job, but not you.
Well then stop him, Amy! Why is this...in his words...son of a bitch still in the WH?
He is dismantling our country one institutional brick at a time. I don't know how we stop this. And I don't know how we got here.
Did you have the same concern with Obama. He was much worse for this country then Trump will ever be. Are you a hypocrite?
Please speak with your colleagues across the aisle.  These attacks on who we are as a country have to stop!
Thank you Amy!
If the Orange Asshole wants bad stories about him to stop, he should simply stop creating them. Simple for us normal people to grasp.
Suck it up big boy
The press is irresponsible, unhinged, and lacks journalistic credibility. Your father would be ashamed you are defending them.
There’s at least 2.9 million more people who agree with you, Senator Klobuchar!!! Give Trump the hellfire he’s owed!!!
Freedom of Press is part of the Constitution and why I served 7 years in the Army and now disable. Constitution 1st, Trump feelings to bad.
@bannerite they won't
I agree! We need friendly press to continue to push our narratives not theirs. Facts are overrated, we need change messages even if false.
May dad was a reporter.  What does that have to do with the current state of fake reporting, distorted lies, fake sources and zero integrity
Well what are you doing about it Senators Klobuchar.  You have some power we do not.

Amy I actually like and respect you but being a former Democrat you need to realize the Democratic party has changed into socialist fubar !
*forehead slap*
Ok. How will you stop this madman exactly? I’m very serious. He seems to have carte blanche when it comes to ruining this country. HELP!!
Stop telling lies and be real journalists...as Kelly said “ get better sources”.
How about get better sources and always have 3 to get an honest view of situation #FoxNewsSpecialists
There seems to be no such thing as fair unbiased reporting. I have never seen so much hate in the media towards a president like this.
Franis - I’ve not seen it either. That’s b/c every POTUS before 45 has been presidential, a leader. Stop attacking media for doing its job.
Amy did your dad report news or did he report his opinion as news?  did he make up news to support his opinion or just the facts ma'am?
Then do something.
Continue to protect and defend the Constitution from your seat in the Senate. Thank You.
Our family read everything the newspaper printed that your dad wrote.
What should happen when news outlets become propaganda machines?
The press is given information privileges with the understanding they will report without bias and motive.
Impeach NBC
My father served in the @usairforce #Korea: I don’t want the press causing paranoia in an unstable fascist nuclear regime. R u selfish?
Media is useless
Your dad was from a diff generation where there was actual competition & fair coverage. Media is now consolidated & is a propaganda cesspool
But the fake news reports don't?
My dad was a narcoleptic, cross-dressing, hearing-impaired, Martian dance instructor and these attacks on the press and 1st A must stop.
It doesn't matter what our Dad's, or dog's or doughnut ' profession was. The point is these attacks must stop.
Then they shouldn't be pimping #FakeNews,  anyone reporting or lack thereof on Hollywood rapes, pedos, don't have room to say shit about 1A
“These attacks” as to 1A surely you’re referring to antifa thugs publicly beating people  in the streets, correct?

What about the attacks on Obamacare?
THANKS
Gee...as long as the press is "objective" that would be fine. However, the current press has a serious Socialist agenda that we don't like.
Facts don't know ideology. They just are.
Don the MSM doesn’t use facts.
My dad told the truth, maybe NBC should try that. #fakenews
Anything less than calling for his impeachment is appeasement. We need a bipartisan effort for impeachment.
problem is people who think they are above laws or rules or job requirements or ethics or morals,I could go on!.I think I made my point!duh!
The press must also do a better job vetting their stories. It's hard to know who can be trusted. But yes the constitution must be followed
um..you can't be the evil people lady & then cry victim.I mean really!there is no attack on your dad,press,or 1st amendment!.only FAKE NEWS!
Then the media needs to stop picking sides and live by the Canons of Journalism. Pretty simple.
Trump stop, he is an inane drone who loves to hear his own voice or read his own words.We need to report his antics less, he loves attention
So many fronts under Attack. Where to fight?
What about this? I am sick over this. I WILL lose my health care and will go back to seizing. Please stop this
ANYTHING trump has to stop. #ImpeachTrump or #TrumpResign

I will accept either outcome

I agree! What can Congress do to make sure it does?
A matter of opinion
bs. If you were serious you kick bernies bigots out of the dnc. You want more attacks on journalists thats what you are going to get
The panic and utter helplessness of watching the insanity every http://day.How  can your colleagues stay quiet? Plz country bf party
Because they're terrified of what's about 2 change the #Minnesota political stage 4ever #Elite #ChildTrafficking #PedophileRing #Profiteers
When NBC lies and Pelosi uses that to try and pass law against nuclear first strike, the "free press" is a threat to functioning democracy.
Why have there been no consequences for Team Trump? Trump violated his oath to the constitution. Kushner lied on his forms. Sessions perjury
No consequences because Republicans are cowards who want power no matter what and Democrats are clueless and can't get out of their own way!
Virtually all of your colleagues in the House and Senate know @realDonaldTrump is unfit for office. #25thAmendment or impeach now!
Just like Obama - what experience did he have? Community organizer! Look at the damage Obama did to our country. Take ur blinders off.
This has nothing to do with Obama.
The power to stop is more in your hands than in ours... how much longer till impeachment proceedings?
Amy u know the pos won't stop. He's nuts
Your dad was likely a reporter before the press became a weapon of the liberal left agenda. I’m sure if he is living he is embarrassed.
Brahahaha and how is that going 
The billionaire Bolsheviks that run the media should stop. They are tearing this country apart. Not Donald.
Could have said without the first sentence...My dad worked for an airline. These attacks on the press and the First Amendment have to stop.
Turn up the heat senator. This is not who we are as a people allowing our institutions to be threatened.
We do if they are corrupt
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Urban white woman riddled w/ white guilt and nevertrump syndrome. Liberalism is a disease.
#JustineDamond needs justice
Stop #Somali imports
