Sessions must resign! He lied under oath for the world to see. AG ofc demands the highest integrity, Sessions #UnfitToServe
Keith Ellison should also resign since he will not stand to honor a fallen soldier
No way!!  He answered what was asked!  HRC lied repeatedly, Holder did..where's the outrage there?
THANK YOU! I am with you in this quest for information.
@AIIAmericanGirI Democrats met in secret with Russians on Iran Treaty & they want Sessions' resignation; OUTRIGHT HYPOCRISY!
does it  or should it make a difference if it is a perceived conflict of interest?
and Loretta Lynch should not have had a meeting on an airport tarmac.  Stop all the party politics and lets get to work.
so make him!
Call on him to resign not recuse.
@AIIAmericanGirI The American people have a right to know identity of the 30 Democrats who met with the Russians in secret!
@libsechumanist @washingtonpost #SessionsResignNOW
I don't recall but did you call for HRC to resign after she had lied under oath about sending classifed emails
.@amyklobuchar @washingtonpost No Senator. Recusal is not enough! You. We urge you make a public statement calling on Sessions to resign!
@AIIAmericanGirI If the Democrats who met with the Russians won't resign they need to recuse themselves in any investigation!
Thirty Democrats who met with the Russians in secret on Iran Treaty need to resign!
he must resign
Resign!  He should not be Attorney General when he is a liar.
what about the #AwanBros who worked for 20+ @TheDemocrats in the IT department who had criminal records and made $160K
PROVE IT!!!  Get to work on getting this country back on track.  You're real close to being a fear monger now
Give 'em Hell, Amy!
He lied under oath. Please  indict

well. Now he has but I still do not believe him. I think it was perjury during confirmation and today's press.
Thank you, Senator!
he should resign is what he should do.
please continue to push for a full, independent, bipartisan investigation/commission similar to 9/11 one
@narrahkp @MsKunatai @resisthim If Sessions lied under oath - TWICE - why just recuse and not resign?
#Sessions MUST resign!!!
He MUST RESIGN !
Perhaps you should demand Sessions resign??
Please call for his immediate resignation.
He should resigned. He lied under oath when he used the word "no" instead of pleading the 5th.
Agreed.
he lied under oath. Resignation is in order
he needs to resign for lying under oath. Period.
That's the least he should do. I say he needs to resign.
@SusanKentMN the Russians are coming! The Russians are coming! Quick Duck and Cover!
LIED TO CONGRESS : RESIGN
pls put that out there. - resign. Am  a New Yorker. But love senators from minn !!
so what's next weeks claim going to be are you sticking to Russia or going back to the anti-Semitic thing?
Shouldn't he step down or be fired for lying under oath?
he should resign. He lied under oath
Rescue himself from investigation regarding contact to Russia? Them days are long gone....
@amyklobuchar @abuhena0044
Recusing himself is NOT Enough.
Sessions must Resign, Be Removed from All DOJ Duties or #FireSessions for #TrumpRussia Lies
Hold him to that.
Thank you! Stay on this.
AG met with Russian (and other) Ambassadors as part of the Armed Services Committee.  No conflict--Just a witch hunt...
Recuse? With all due respect, Senator Klobuchar, you misspelled "resign."
@Jenlilheis @washingtonpost Sessions needs to Resign or be impeached for perjury.   This whole administration has to go!
he should resign.
lynch didn't have to so why would sessions?
how do we #trust #AttorneyGeneral that #lies #SAD-@SenMajLeader @SpeakerRyan #DoSomething U wouldn't put up if it was HRC team
¡Sí Senadora!
There you go with MN nice again. He should resign. In disgrace.
he should resign.
shouldn't he also resign for lying to @alFranken during his confirmation hearings.
he should resign
he should fxxking step down. He's a slimy guy. He's a liar. He'll do as trump dictates
tough to participate in investigation if in prison.
yes, but he must also resign. Immediately. Excellent reporting from the Washington Post once again!
yes. this!
I think you mean he should resign in dishrace from the office he is unfit to hold.
he should resign. He perjured himself.
He should resign. This is not good- did not disclose to Committee to be cautious. Not smart.
Amy, he should resign. The person charged w/over seeing justice dept should not be allowed to perjure himself.
I respect what fights you choose. The swamp is big and deep. The AG will be swallowed in the coverup.
-Ya think!!
think Pelosi and Cummings maybe right. He'll need to resign.
Considering he should be part of the investigation, that's an understatement. #FireSessions
he lied to congress under oath and must resign
RESIGN not recuse. This entire administration is rotten - not one of them can tell the truth #NewElection
He should be charged for lying under oath and fired.
Somebody do something!  This election was tampered with and we need to get to the bottom of it. SOON!
If true and under oath, he should not just recuse himself but resign!
He lied under congressional testimony. He must resign immediately.
I think you mean resign! He's nothing but a liar! He lied to congress! #firesessions
He lied to @SenFranken, he should be removed from AG position.
No Senator, he must RESIGN!
Sessions needs to resign
@ASlavitt @washingtonpost He should repeal and replace himself.
No Senator, he should resign and demanding that result should not stop until he does.  Period!
he must resign.
Perjury = Resignation
demand his resignation Senator. These ppl don't deserve leniency bc & again they exploit us
recuse or resign?
NO!! He needs to #resign NOW! How much longer does this continue?? #ImpeachTrump #resist
Get him Amy, you are a former prosecutor, get em.
@ASlavitt @washingtonpost That's ... a start.
Since when can a senator, as a member of the armed services committee not speak with a Russian ambassador?
His so-called example of a good Christian flies in the face of his lies
#sessions should resign. Lied under oath.
HOW CAN HE'S DJT'S CONSIGLIERE
citing this media outlet?  #fakenews
#SessionsLied and must resign NOW!
@ASlavitt @washingtonpost he should resign and be charged with perjury
Ma'am, with all due respect, he must RESIGN NOW.
He should resign.
Pelosi called for his resignation - join her!
clearly he lied. Under oath. Why is this being discussed
how about not having an AG who lies under oath and is in bed with Russia
@ASlavitt @TheJusticeDept @washingtonpost Recusal is not enough; he needs to resign. #russiagate
he needs to resign
he should resign for lying to Congress under oath, and working w/a foreign power to rig the election.
Sessions lied under oath. He needs fired & tried in court for perjury. Also #Russia needs investigated NOW!
I truly believe he must resign.
he must resign
Jeff Sessions should resign, period.
Thank you.  As your constituent, I'm grateful to you for demanding investigation into Russia ties, free from conflicts.
nothing short of his resignation should be accepted.
if only @elizabethforma had warned us.
No Senator. He should resign. Respectfully, STEP IT UP AND GET SERIOUS.
-@amyklobuchar @washingtonpost Since apparently US senators can't or won't stop the madness & corruption, it feels pretty dire for Americans
He committed perjury. #resignSessions
since when does that bother Dems...oh - when it's not them...
He should resign or be fired. Tonight.
he should resign & face charges. Looks like he lied while under oath.
he should resign. He lied.
recuse himself?  WHAT? He should RESIGN IMMEDIATELY. He freakin' lied to congress! Just ask @alfranken
He needs to resign. How can America people trust an AG who has purposefully lied to Congress...his own peers?
will you call on him to resign?
Recuse himself? Senator, the Trump administration has crossed over into TREASON TERRITORY. When will the Dems get angry???
Why wouldn't it be perjury?
WHAT is going on??

@amyklobuchar @washingtonpost
where the hell is that Russian ship that was off our coast call them back we have a lot of passengers 4 them
Was? It's still there. Will be for months.
Recuse?? No. Resign.
don't bargain yourself down, Senator!. We need a resignation and an Independent Special Counsel to investigate Russia and COI
More than recuse, resign.  He lied.  He's the AG.  That's a huge problem.
agree
He should resign!
No. he must RESIGN. Immediately.
Thank you, @amyklobuchar.
AG Sessions should recuse himself from investigations into Russia. Said he would if conflict of interest. There is. https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/sessions-spoke-twice-with-russian-ambassador-during-trumps-presidential-campaign-justice-officials-say/2017/03/01/77205eda-feac-11e6-99b4-9e613afeb09f_story.html?postshare=6221488424103307&tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.35957129629d …
