you said you always supported strong vetting but how more vetting can there be when there are already so many checks in place?
@RachelSB did you miss the part of the EO that said *temporary* until vetting is in place? Give it 120 days. Not  unreasonable
Can you describe one way in which current vetting is inadequate, or just talking points?
those countries, among others, have little in the way of a central criminal activity database.
We're not going to create that (though I doubt seriously what you say is true on Iran). I mean what WE do
another "strongly worded letter"
get out and fight senator! He's at 35% approval and wrong about everything! You have everything to gain.
Because America already has a STRONG vetting process in place!
.@amyklobuchar CBP are sneaking ppl away before they can get legal aid. Contempt arrests & fact discovery > empty protest speeches.
Needed: Democrats with backbone.
incompetent POTUS! Demand mental and physical exam. He is unfit!
secondly Trump has with a 'stroke of a pen' banned 218 mil ppl from 7 countries and we both know it's unconstitutional.
only 90 days#patience
That's not resistance.  That's just sad.  Stand up for us! #nomuslimban
we already have extreme vetting. Stop pandering and grow a spine
This is the result of extreme vetting. What did you expect? Country safety comes first!
.@amyklobuchar U must compromise. I'm tired of running into undesirables who have nothing 2 do, don't speak English, don't shave or shower.
#WEAK
Need we truly remind you #NeverAgain ?!? #NeverAgainisNow
weak. Hope you get #primaried
thank God I live in Washington state and BOTH my senators are actual liberals.
with little forethought and practical implementation plan, i.e. impact to green card holders...amateurish planning, actions.
@SenateDems Agreed
GET USED TO IT AMY!! NEW SHERIFF IN TOWN!!!
Let's just get rid of executive orders. Doesn't matter who is in charge. Get shit done!
@SenateDems if repubs have any balls/care about US values then they stop Trump insanity his real name HITLER
Try to placate E/O. @POTUS  should and did do that. History supports that right. Hypocrite Fence Rider.
My question to you Senator as one of your constituents is what steps is the Senate taking to push back against this order?
@mch7576 didn't previous President use a pen to give exemptions to the ACA on a whim?
@SenateDems especially based on religion
.@amyklobuchar @RachelSB weak statement as usual. Join a protest. Filibuster on the floor. Maybe actually do something. #BeTheChange
I am a Minnesota voter and I demand your taking a stand against this madness.  DO SOMETHING!
@SenateDems 
We don't want one bad guy to make it in,not one
Just like a secure border not ONE bad guy should make it in.
Thank you for standing up. I'm from Maple Grove, and you make me proud to be a MN citizen. Please keep fighting.
And how about those green card holders and American citizens he is excluding?  @PrinceJvstin
Not enough Amy. Our state is vibrant BECAUSE of our refugee communities.  Are you missing that?
so if you ALWAYS supported it what have YOU  done?
@SenateDems we need you to stand up asap. GOP relentless stand ag "Benghazi" etc. you must do the same. All voters watching!!
@randyprine Then stop narmalizing him by voting yes on his nominees.
from a senator of a state with huge and THRIVING refugee & immigrant populations this statement reads lukewarm at best.
.@amyklobuchar do your job and stand up to the madman!
When historians look back on this day they will agree that your half-hearted objection on facebook made all the difference @amyklobuchar
He is in love with his overlarge signature.
Weak statements are nothing.  Stand up to this dictator and do your job!!
what can be done to stop this?
@SenateDems Withhold consent! Often! If nit warranted now, it never is! Lives depend! Use this tactic!
GOPers r disgraceful- enabling Trump 100% as long as get to pass own agenda. All need 2 b challenged in 2018!
Golly gee Amy what you & Dems doing about it? Jailing journalists,voter suppression, immigrant ban, religious test
Please do something on the Senate floor.
YOUR distain for Ban is NOT loud enough.. get in front of the media..Speak your Heart Song! GOP on the #Wrongsideofhistory
@Honey17011 Please, Amy, run for president in 2020 so we can fix this.
Are you going to stand up and stop this insanity. Tell us we need to know we have some Democratic leaders to defend us
you need to stand a bit taller and more sincere against this lunatic :: bag your MN nice and get with @alfranken @SenWarren
HELP! PLEASE! Who will save us from this crazy man?
I think he should stop them. Jimmy Carter did when we were having issues with Iran.
you need to take a stronger stand against this. What's happened in the last 2 days is appalling.
We expect YOU to present legislation Monday to override this ban! You and Senate have the power! STAND UP FOR OUR COUNTRY!
@SenateDems 15+years with Democrats in control last 8 years & America is still being infiltrated & attacked by those Vetted
Please hold press conf with other Dems in front of Capitol - denounce the Admin; show unity in resistance. PLEASE.
@SenateDems we support you, but so far all talk and no action. Please, do something besides talk. Mobilize the people!!!
With all due respect Sen. Klobuchar, we need you and your colleagues to step up and lead us in the Resistance NOW
@SenateDems #ThenDoSomething
so lame....potus is asking for trouble n we AmericanExpress will feel the repercussions!
What are you planning to do to oppose this? Need a stronger reaction here.

ITS UP TO THE CIA TO SEPERATE THE PROSPECTS FROM THE SUSPECTS EITHER WAYS.
@SenateDems so it was ok for Obama to enable catch and release for illegals?Wake up we are a sovereign country, must b follwed
@SenateDems   Not standing up to King Trump and his exec orders. Get off your bottoms and make something happen.
Not only refugees, visiting students, people with green cards, etc.
the ones prone to violence
@bannerite OK. Terrorists want ALL Americans dead. 0 comprmise. 0 care about religion,color, creed. What r ur plans to b safe?
. I feel strongly that all the responsible elected officials need to stop  DJT'S runaway signing of orders immediately.
@bannerite Have a better idea how to keep the US safe? Please speak up!
If you always supported strong vetting, why didn't you speak up when Obama was in office?
@SenateDems what he fails to understand is that strong vetting already take place!
I don't know what "vetting" accomplishes when most of our terrorists are home grown Maybe we should just be humane
@SenateDems Come 2018 you r going to be short one more democrat.
@SenateDems Get out there & make some noise! Fight him!
Do more! Do better!  We want loud, clear voices speaking out against erosion of rights by this illegitimate "regime"
Please learn from history Senator. Europe did not. Now look at what is happening.
@SenateDems speak up and speak up for women's rights. We r the majority. We r the new teaparty
TY. Suggestion: "should not" should be CANNOT.
@SenateDems NOT ENOUGH.
The GOP is on a crash course, it is called the Domino effect.
@SenateDems maybe not, but is seems that is the reason people voted for him. They wanted something done about Islam. So.
Well Senate got more than they bargained for with this one. It will affect mostly women and children fleeing violence.  Hope they're proud.
Maybe the extreme vetting should start with Trump's #Leninist Senior Advisor. @POTUS #ResistTrump #Resistence
sounds like you and Al will have to actually do some work the next 4 yrs instead of just doing what Obama ordered you to do
so do something about it, besides Facebook
Trump's actions are abhorrent, especially regarding religious bias.  Please condemn. Strongly. Proud of you @ChrisMurphyCT
what are you saying? This type of exclusion is okay, just not by executive order? Take a stronger stand for human rights.
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT FFS.

Enough chat, get to work!
your constituents insist that you yell this LOUDER
I love you!
Call for impeachment immediately and continuously as gop did with aca repeal. He is acting above the law and must be stopped
A lukewarm tweet is not enough. Stand up and shout.
Temporarily until vetting procedures can be developed where there have been none at all.
this needs to be stopped. Ashamed to be an american
It is almost impossible to vet a small number of them well. Large number....not even a chance. Just cross your fingers and pray.
I am a constituent and I support you, but this is a weak statement. Now is not the time for quiet words. Fight this!
I have healthy friends who not sleep at night. Fight for us! My dad stormed Norm,N Africa, Sicily, Italy, tiger, not for this.
think psychs should be alert for extra dep.and anxiety among patients, esp. those who are suffering stressors already
With you Senator. We are all refugees from somewhere.
.@amyklobuchar anything less than full obstruction will be remembered as collusion. Let's all hope this doesn't end in genocide.
.@amyklobuchar you are spineless and this is your last term.
Spineless? 1st Pres to have the balls to do it. Educate urself. No other country has the laced laws we do about entry.
Are we allowed to remember 911. We do
how could you vote to confirm Pompeo? You aren't fighting for Minnesotans' rights at all. #ResistTrump
Not enough @amyklobuchar. We need you and all other reps on the capitol steps demanding this stop. Tv, radio, pounding on Oval Office door.
Always supported strong vetting but president should not-with stroke of a pen-exclude entire refugee populations. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10153980676941191&substory_index=0&id=7606381190 …
Stay loud on this, Senator. We need your voice. Everyday.
look up Taquiyya and kitman
Current vetting is not vetting, open your eyes
Please keep fighting this administration.  This is not American values or Minnesota values.
how is none of this a first amendment violation?
Paul Wellstone would be screaming at the top of his lungs. You're too cowardly to even mention Muslims in your "condemnation."
I miss him. He would have been the first voice and it would have been the loudest!
but you don't want to vet refugees who want to kill us??
come on Amy- stop the Minnesota nice. Call it what it is with all the expletives available
#MAGA
Amy, the Congressional silence is deafening. #muslimban must be litigated. Where are our leaders?
I'm a MN voter. Please do your part to get rid of this monster!  We are terrified!
What can be done? (He is...not well.) #damagecontrol
if you can't vett them, you can't invite them.   Look at Germany. I know you're mad because they are lost votes for Dems.
would be curious to know how many that are aghast at the EO have read it? Amy didn't even reference the EO she's referencing.
This tepid response is extremely disappointing.
if only you could take a principled stand, Senator. Oh wait....
And what are you and other senators going to do about this. This is appalling and un-American!!
This is so dad. How can one man destroy so much in one week.
Yet you drafted legislation to end VWP from people who have visited those countries w/in the last 5 years.
@RavMABAY You should be OUTRAGED!
I don't really think you need to qualify your opposition to something this inhumane.
Trying to sound moderate. Fuck you.
check out
milquetoast as fuck
I hope you and other Democrats can get Republican Senators to stand up to Trump.  This is beyond scary!!
@RachelSB way too milquetoast Senator. This is a religious ban with exemptions for states w/Trump biz. Stronger opp. Required
I like you but it's fading. The senate's silence on this issue is deafening.
The Senate's silence on ALL issues is deafening.  It is like they have just accepted King Trump. WHY ARENT U FIGHING?
this isn't nearly strong enough. EO is official decree to treat Islam and refugees with contempt. Call it that.
If he cared about strong vetting, he should release his tax returns
Please stand up to him strongly. I'm a MN voter, and you have my support.
Sad irony that ppl escaping hell are vetted better than those who wield the nuclear codes. This admin must be #transparent
"should not" is not strong enough.
Can you do nothing?
Senator K, GREEN CARD HOLDERS are being turned away. People who own homes here. Who have made their lives here. It's inhumane.
I agree, Senator. But this is just awful!
