Breaking News: President Trump pardoned Joe Arpaio, the former Arizona sheriff http://nyti.ms/2wwiwbP 
Unprecedented was the fact Arpaio was convicted without a jury of his peers. That's not due process.
It's not unprecedented.
You don't have a right to a jury when your sentence is >6 months. Arpaio himself even admitted he had not right.
How the hell do you know what the sentence will be before the trial???
Contempt of Court, what he was charged with, cannot go any higher than 6 months, therefore there is no jury needed for it.
It was criminal contempt of court, which Arpaio has a right to a jury. 6th amendment says "ALL criminal prosecutions" right to a jury
Supreme Court ruled on it 50 years ago, sentences that'd be >6 months don't get jury. Would you like me to link to where Arpaio admitted it?
What do you mean >6 months anysway??? I would say the vast majority of sentences after a jury trial are greater than 6 months.
What do I mean by less than 6 months?
Contempt would've only had him in jail for 6 months or less.
Abuse of position/political INFLUENCE 2 obtain favor in adoption proceedings of kids not even legally eligible  http://www.nytimes.com/2010/08/04/world/americas/04adoption.html …
I can tell you @amyklobuchar was zero help to me and my kids! In fact quite the opposite @a_rice9 @lau_rice @SheriffClarke
Her and the late Jim Oberstar are the 2 ppl I contacted, back in the day when I had a land line and other legal doings in #Minnesota cause>
to add that particular long distance phone bill to a cases official record. Amy's been in the business of profiteering off human suffering
a long time. Human suffering she helped orchestrate! #Globalists #NWO #JWO
#TimPawlenty was #MNGov & also one of the 1st I contacted.
Tim Pawlenty 4 #MNGov #MN2018?of comeback bid getting louder#pedophile trusties furloughed 4 contract hits#Clinton #Obama #SnuffFilms

#Minnesota #TimPawlenty #HillaryClinton #BarackObama #Pedophile Trustees #SnuffFilms anal rape #Murder & #Entrapment https://twitter.com/DebMatheny/status/919196301845295104 … 

#TimPawlenty is a 33rd degree #Freemason, page 2. https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B4EwSdgqJu3NbmxlNEQ2NkxaQ2s/view?usp=drivesdk … #MinnesotaMasons 
@RepErikPaulsen All pardons set aside our criminal justice system when it has erred . You need to have lived in Maricopa County to judge.
your hypocrisy continues. pretending 2 care about criminal justice, due process is BS. not one word about HRC, Lynch, Comey disregard of law
The lawlessness of arresting
The lawlessness of arresting a nurse 4  protecting her comatose patient!  We R a land of laws & regulations 4 the protection of R citizens!
Pardoning is part of our criminal justice system
Not unprecedented at all. Google Obama pardons. It's easy. You can google how to do it if it is too difficult for you.
The "but Obama" doesn't get you anywhere. #hypocrite
I know right. Obama pardons good, trumps bad. Who is the hypocrite?  Go look at Clinton’s pardons.
Thank you and @keithellison for for continually keeping a level head and responding to Trump's insanity.
Oh yeah...what about all the drug dealers, murders, illegal aliens that Obama pardoned?!  You are being a hypocrite and partisan Senator!
Unprecedented?  How can you say that when Obama, Bush, and Clinton all gave very controversial pardons?
Amy, it's Great for you to say, but where are Ryan and Mitch's comments?
This guy 45 just keeps doing things the opposite of normal!!!
You are correct.... why did you never speak up on Bradley Manning


Maybe you should worry about this one ...
There have been many questionable Presidential pardons Amy!!
.@GenFlynn has a list, are you on it?
#Many #Minnesota #politicians, past & present#PedoGate #PizzaGate #Freemasons #ChildTrafficking #OrganHarvesting 
.@POTUStweet
Not to mention the Latinos he profiles
Hypocrites, all of you!
well, i leave no comment on that specific controversy, but hasnt every presidential pardon been caused by distrust in the justice system?
But it was OK when Obama released terrorists, one who maimed a cop, and set a record of pardons and commutations?
Quit worrying about Trump and stop being an obstructionist - turn in your blue slip for the nomination of Minnesotan Justice Strass!
Thank you for speaking out senator. Arapaio has admitted his guilt by accepting pardon
 Let the civil suits begin.
We need to stop things like this happening:

And I fear it's 45's notice to anyone subpoenaed in the Russia investigation ... possibly including himself.  DISGUSTING!
We are headed for autocracy unless your GOP congress members do what is necessary to save our Democracy!
So all President Obamas pardons, sentence comutations, etc disregarded due process? 1927 violators of Federal Laws?
I see  The Movie Gone With The Wind  was Banned by Progressives  Today, wonder what they will ban tomorrow.
Expect nothing less from your @POTUS
There is no legitimate argument for the awful tactics this government employee practiced on Latinos. He doesn't care and would do it again.
I would expect your reaction coming from a  power puff Senator.
And contempt for people in general
Non-policy pandering to pink panty prisoners in a county of a state you don't represent is unseemly beneath even Dem stds.
Please retweet your response to the Manning pardon so we can all see how you apply logic equally.
Your president let one of treason go free! Anything worse? NO - short memory hypocrite
Amy did you approve all of Obama's pardons of the scum bag dealers that did nothing to keep the country safe. Hypocrite
Something needs to give. Enough is Enough!
If you are a bigot or a racist you can get a" get out of jail card" from Trump
You are worse than the evil of 1984. Erasing history to fit your agenda.
What???? That literally sounds ridiculous.
Someone pointed out earlier there is a 1915 court case that makes this pardon illegal.Shouldn't you or your staff research this & file suit?
Trump is just trying to distract from the Manafort and Flynn news yesterday. #Subpoenas #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Obama pardoned 1,927; convicted of federal crimes. Most convicted on drug charges
Pardoning more than the past 13 presidents combined.
And that matters why? Trump is a fool. Pardoned this disgraceful person. Obama can't be blamed for this. Trump is. Own it.
It matters because you liberals are all hypocrite. Different standards for libs
Obama's long list of individuals he pardoned shows an outright disrespect for the courts. https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-commutations …
Go hug a Somali terrorist.
Wow. You make me sick.
All that hot air from the dumpster about the rule of law. Pft.
Trump did the right thing.  Disregard/contempt?  Oscar Lopez-Rivera
It's completely precedented and legal because President has pardon powers. It's dumb and unwarranted, but hardly unusual. See, Marc Rich.
You may not remember the Clinton pardons.
Try concentrating on the current disaster of the POTUS.
I was. This pardon is not unprecedented.
Perhaps it still should be condemned?
That's a good point.
Yet you supported Obama's release of more than 1700 convicted criminals.
#FakeNews
What do u mean? Mark rich? The terrorist? Manning with espionage? Its the potus power..its up to his judgement..
Like smashing blackberries and deleting emails

Omfg. Wow. #brainwashed
Wondering how you feel about Ostupid @POTUS44 's pardons of terrorist bomber and treasonist tranny?
Will all due respect; not unprecedented
Check your #Hypocrisy at the door.
Why Did Obama Free This Terrorist?
You must've missed Obama's pardon, no surprise.
No, it shows common sense and reality!
Bullllllshit
Obama pardoning a treasonous traitor, that's unpresidented.
What about Trump? He's the biggest treasoner yet!
just like denying the good sheriff a jury of his peers. 
You really don't understand the process of the Presidential pardon,
you mean when sex addict Bill Clinton pardoned the theif Rich. The Democrat Party, Hypocrites racists and race-baiters.
kinda like pardoning hundreds of convicted drug dealers by the previous administration
You're mental lady! Obama did this by the hundreds and y'all nutbags thought he was the best
You don't get it. #brainwashed
Yeah okay

Yes because only traitors and terrorists like the ones Obama let go, should be pardoned
No, it shows humanity. Learn from it.
Agreed. A law enforcement official paid with public funds ignored, repeatedly, the law he was sworn to uphold. A reprehensible little bigot.
Sure made me happy  
A fake president who defends white supremacists just pardoned a white sheriff who champions racist policing.
So when Obama pardoned Bradley Manning, a convicted traitor who jeopardized the security of this country, what was that?
I hope you will be on Sunday talk shows speaking out against this Injustice!
#brainwashed #shameonyou
@BarackObama pardoned a convicted terrorist. Where was your outrage then?
Lies. #fakenews
Please DO SOMETHING.
 trump is not a victim... except of his own stupidity
Honest question: Can we point to good use of pres. pardon?
James Madison's pardon of Gen. Hull seems legit. Monroe pardoned pirates, which is just fun to say. Amongst modern presidents... Nope.
It was a Misdemeanor. Get off your high horse
Thank you! It is a direct attack on the Judicial Branch. He is degrading the check on his misuse of power.
You're an embarrassment for Minnesota
She's the brightest star to come from MN.
It was a Misdemeanor. Get over it.
What about Hillary?
What about her? #GetOverIt
Maybe with his DACA ruling, Arpaio pardon, and overall contempt for our justice system,maybe Congress should censure the Putz!!
Such a dope!
Disregard and contempt? Did you feel the same way about Obama's nearly 2000 pardons including Chelsea Manning?
Where the hell is the evidence???
Disregard and contempt  for criminal justice system? Using that logic, shouldn't every mayor, of every sanctuary city, be in jail?
not to mention the judges that think they can amend executive orders
I am beyond disgusted with Mr Trump and the entire crew of GOP enablers. Are democracy is in serious jeopardy.
Surprised at your opinion considering your approach to criminal justice reforms. #hypocrite #EndTheWarOnDrugs

http://www.westernjournalism.com/documentary-film-to-challenge-more-lawmen-to-be-like-sheriff-joe-arpaio/ …
Amy for President
Did you have an issue with the pardon for manning?  So partisan!
Unprecedented?  Did you say that about obamas pardons?
So what Republican is running against you in 2018? No reason.
Try using your brain.  Arpaio was enforcing the immigration laws you despise.
But. That's. Not. His. Job.
Seems like we think the same about each other.
Doesn't every exercise of a pardon by a President demonstrate disregard for our criminal justice system?
True. Most pardons balance humane issues with the gravity of the crime. Arpaio's has no humanity, just racism. Rich's smacked of cronyism.
It's just sickening. @SenJohnMcCain has condemned but @SpeakerRyan remains silent (obedient). #nogop in 2018 & 2020 -->@tomemmer
it's hard to fight against things sane and just people can't even imagine doing.
Joe was just doing his job.... Hope your voted out 2018.
This stinks to high heaven. And #TrumpRussiaInvestigation 
is still ongoing @realDonaldTrump
Well disregard for our laws is the Dems turning illegal inmmigration into a racial issue so you can manipulate the issue to get votes.
#ImpeachTrump
And when he FINALLY goes, laws must be passed so no one man is allowed this type of absolute power EVER AGAIN! 
"Disregard for due process and and contempt for our criminal just sys" is becoming the norm.  I respect/support you but clean your own house
Thank you, Senator
Plenty of real bad people pardoned in past admins.
You mean like Muhammad Noor is getting pardoned as we speak? When are you going to speak to that injustice?
That sheriff is great.  Tough on criminals and unproductive people.  No wonder u are mad, thats the type of people u look out for!!
And yet Congress continues to ignore the behavior. Where are the checks and balances? Enough is enough! This is not an SNL skit, it's real!
And Bradley Manning doesn't?
No liberal judges legislating from bench have done that to themselves
Keep it up @amyklobuchar. Minnesotans are proud to have you representing us.
And the Constitution.
Easy for you to dish it out, hard for you to take it huh?  You're a typical 'liberal'.
Get
Evil
trump
out
of
our
house, now!!!
#25FOR45
But what are we going to do about it? General strike? Impeach? Or will we just Tweet our disdain as usual? #generalstrikenow
Would anyone seriously have expected anything else from Trump, a serial bankruptee, fraudster, money launderer and liar?
Oh shut up
Sign the Blue slip
You would gain a lot of respect if you were brutally honest instead of trailing along with whatever your party wants. You are a Minnesotan!
We non-Fox-poisoned Minnesotans don't want a fascist bigot conman sociopath in the White House, Jan.
What a load of crap.  Exactly why we are in the place we are in this country. We need truth and unbiased legislators, not party loyalists
Please be a senator for all of Minnesota, not a party line minion. This is not the least bit unprecedented.  Truth will go a long way!
Truth when Trump lies multiple times a day? When he attacks media but never ever once has shown facts on what he says is lies?
I'm no Trump fan but at least I felt like Gorka tried.  Jmho
So, now the Congress must get serious about impeachment, or we will have no constitutional remedy for out of control law enforcement.
Can't wait for congress with @GOP putting self interest above country. Speak out,  but focus on 2018 & pray there is still a US to save!
unprecedented ?!!? hardly....
disagree. he was targeted.
It underscores his lack of respect for judicial processes & his bigotry, previously demonstrated by his deprecating of a sitting judge.
Obama issued over 1900 pardons.
Please help us. What can I do to help YOU help US?????????
Please draw up articles of impeachment. He is destroying this country from the inside out.
Then why don't you and congressional colleagues impeach him!!!
Dems have no ability to impeach because of GOP majority.  You can vote dem in 2018.  If you have an @GOP rep, tell them how you feel.
I'm sick about this. Please, please #ImpeachTrumpNow
Mark Rich. Course when it's a Clinton at work then it's ok.
Remember this while you stand strong and continue to withhold the blue slip for Stras.
Like Clinton, Lynch, Rice, Comey and the Obama Admin? What hypocrisy of you Amy. You stand with the Party of voter fraud and open borders
Letting all the people under investigation that he will,pardon them too ..
We, the American people of sound mind, now have a conditioned aversion to the word "unprecedented".
https://twitter.com/DisplayDaily/status/901262423071510528 …

Liberals crying about Trump pardoning Sheriff Joe Arpaio loved when Obama pardoned communist terrorist Oscar Lopez Rivera & Bradley Manning.
Please Amy, you and your fellow congressmen need to remove @realDonaldTrump from office stat.  He is ruining our country.
Impeach now!
How many drug dealers and other criminals did Pres. Obama pardon.  The Obama adm. did nothing to protect Citizens from illegal criminals.
Help us get this racist out of our WH!
Please read @phoenixnewtimes whole twitter thread on Arpaio. He's a really special monster.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
NU Prof Redish notes in NYT the danger of this pardon: POTUS can destroy all constitutional rights by signaling future such pardons.
Maybe an unwise decision but legal.  When the sole criteria is whether it's legal, the results are many times upsetting but not unlawful.
what's u precedented at this pint is that he's still president.
Amy, I'm sorry but this is simply an ignorant statement.  A pardon essentially absolves a person of any culpability.
Give me a break, "Unprecedented??" History shows a great deal of 'shocking' pardons. Look no further than the D party b/f casting a stone
Unprecedented and appalling.
I agree
You have had eight years to fix it! Ask Schumer if you can PASS TAX REFORM. He don't care; his term good til 2022. We need grown-up Senators
good lord, learn about the process. Count votes. Dems do not have enough votes to do anything without GOP!
not about party. 350,000,000 voters>100 senators. I am unhappy w/hateful rhetoric from both sides. I can only call and vote. No Drama needed
Even the Greek Senate knew how to bring down the corrupt Caesars, why not us. It's time for leadership on both sides of the aisle
It's time for Democrats to put some heavy pressure on GOP to do the right thing. #25thAmendmentNow #IMPEACH
Senator our democracy needs your help. Thank you.
You can't be serious. Bradley Manning.
Trump wants to rule America.
As a proud citizen of Minnesota, I beg you to do all you can to end this nightmare for our country before it's too late. #impeachtrump
How do we STOP this?! He needs the msg that we're not going to allow this behavior! #WriteThe28th #NewDanger #NewPrecedent #DoSomethingGOP
But 44 pardoning treasonous Chelsea Manning...you folks have lost your minds!
He also told Flynn, Manafort, etc it's okay to ignore GJ subpeonas. He will pardon the contempt. Ref- @tribelaw
And contempt for Human Rights!
Now now Senator... the President was in dispair due to his play friend Gorka leaving and needed something to MAKE DONNY FEEL BETTER AGAIN.
Impeach now!
I hear Arpaio accepting pardon = admitting guilt. How about suing him into oblivion?
@SenFranken @nytimes Noting that pardon timed right before major natural disaster hits Texas to shorten news cycle fallout
Please do something...this nightmare needs to end.  Dem or R...doesn't matter what you are...all of this is so wrong, hurtful to country.
White people are to blame for this. Even the ones that didn't vote Trump. Go back to Europe asap. We're taking our country back
Racist!!!!  All Liberals are Racist (and most don't even know it).
Trump needs to be impeached or removed via the 25th Amendment
"Unprecedented??" You do know other Presidents pardon all kinds of people, right? Like Oscar Lopez Rivera whom obama pardoned. Hypocrite.
