Instead of a special prosecutor, @realDonaldTrump should nominate Merrick Garland to replace James Comey.
Are you nuts? Do you want to give Trump another court appointment?
Garland should only resign to take a U.S. Supreme Court seat. PLEASE reconsider this position.
We do not need Merrick Garland for the FBI.  I think Kelly would be a great idea but not Garland.
Not a good idea. It would look like compromising with the marxist left
Are you Kidding me.  Hopefully the Pres will not fall into this trap by the dumocrats.
No Garland is not a good idea.

Special prosecutor implies crime.  The only crime so far is Susan Rice leak of Flynn
If you think the FBI Director position begins and ends with the #Russia investigation. No management experience.
Terrible idea and only a complete sucker would think otherwise.  Get a clue.
Rule of Law must prevail. Act soon or the electorate will act. It will soon be November 2018.
No, it's not. @GOP will replace him with a far right winger & that court swings left. 
A Better Idea is 2 primary @amyklobuchar from the #Left, w/the specific intent of ridding the #Senate of another #BlueDog doing #GOP bidding
We The People r sick of Dems with so many false narratives -- I seriously doubt that you are going to be happy on Nov 9, 2018.
This idea is absurd! 
It is putting the fox in an executive suite of the hen house. @pegalios
We're not THAT dumb! If Judge Garland, Chief Justice of the DC Circuit, were to move to FBI Director, Trump would appoint his replacement.
And you want to be president? So easily duped!
So Trump could fire him!
Educate yourselves! What Crime Would a 'Special Prosecutor' Prosecute? https://pjmedia.com/andrewmccarthy/2017/05/13/what-crime-would-a-special-prosecutor-prosecute/ … #OrderedLiberty via @pjmedia_com
OMG - MIKE LEE MUST BE A SECRET LIB.  AS IF OBAMA WOULD APPOINT ANYTHING OTHER THAN A COMMIE LIBERAL FOR SC - & NOW WE WANT THIS LIBERAL? NO
With respect, NO to Garland. NO to a life-appointed federal justice resigning, replaced by Trump, to take a 90-day-or-so FBI director job.
Absolutely not! Are you insane, Amy Klobuchar? Let Merrick Garland keep his important permanent job.
Why should Judge Garland leave his life tenure on the DC circuit as @benjaminwittes points out?
Plus, Republicans can fill the DC circuit seat too. And President Trump fires Garland some day, who, we know, is impulsive and can do that.
don't give democrats an inch. with obstructionists tactics, they should get nothing.
Any objections to @POTUS nominating a JAG Corps judge who knows the @FBI mechanisms? No party loyalty.
@VP
@USMC
@AllenWest
@OathKeeper101st
No fucking way, Senator! We need an ethical independent, beholden to no one, to be a strong special prosecutor. Follow the money.
How us it you are still falling ily into republican/trump traps. Why do uou go willingly to slaughter?
R U CRAZY? I vote we replace U w/Dem who is intelligent! I don't want Garland's seat replaced w/republican!! @amyklobuchar @SenMikeLee
who replaces him on the bench? not so fast
besides trump would fire him 25 min  later
Neil Gorsuch for FBI director!
No way.  
His career path is judicial, and you'd waste a superb judge. And Twitchy Trump would fire him for Obama revenge
#Gorsuch
Oh, that Special Prosecutor on Hillary Clinton is coming. Don't worry.
I agree. We need to reopen Hillary's criminal investigation and throw her in jail. Thanks for the support!
no it's a terrible idea. you really want the Rs to appoint a new circuit court judget right now? Really?
Amy,I can't believe you're letting yourself get played. Trump gets to name Garland replacement on DC court,then fires Garland.
No, PLEASE rethink this. Merrick Garland has a powerful judiciary position. The Repubs would appoint another lifetime judge. Call Sen Durbin
Call retired, private citizen Brack Obama. Trump hates black people. Especially ones who are handing him his ass as we speak, May 12, 2017.
I was thinking Sen Durbin would be a better resource than any Repub, but Obama - can't get better than that. 
No, it's not. We need him as a judge.
Merrick Garland belongs on the Supreme Court.  If Garland is as smart as he seems to be, he won't go anywhere near this administration.
He's not even in the running for the FBI. Was a GOP scam.
I'm sure the Republicans will find another shady character to fill the position. SAD.
Terrible idea. Trump can't replace Merrick where he is. But if he left the court Trump would replace with extremist then fire Merrick. Think
OH NO  this is beyond wrong  Do Not Encourage this
Garland would be great if GOP wouldn't be able to fill his place on the bench. Play chess not checkers.
@amyklobuchar  Senator, whoever it was on your staff that pushed this idea through should be reassigned to licking envelopes & door knocking
A Very Very bad idea to open an appellate court appointment for this admin. Leave Garland where he is.
I want him on the court as long as possible. I don't want Twittler filling Garland's seat. I still love u Senator Klobuchar 
Terrible idea to vacate his seat on bench for job that he could be fired from by trump at any moment.
Obama nominee would be open to accusations of partisanship. This idea isn't even cute.
You need to learn to think about the consequences of your actions before you cast your hat on the ring. Bad idea, from every direction.
No FBI director appt until we get a special prosecutor. No real @TheDemocrats, American will stand for less.
No no no indeed. Don't turn over Judge Garlands bench to be assigned by the trump mob. Terrible idea
Seriously Ms, Klobuchar?  So Trump can fill his seat, too???  Mike Lee is not suggesting this to be bipartisan. smh
Please stop.
DUH! So he can get fired a week later?? You need a sense of vision past the end of your nose!!
NO!!!!!
Terrible idea. trump will put some extremist in Garland's seat and fire Garland for some bizarre slight.
Totally stupid idea. We need Garland to keep that Circuit Judge seat liberal. If he vacates will get a Trump man.
NO NO NO. Democrats don't want this. Most foolish thing I've heard ALL day.
Please say you're just joking!
Keep Garland where he is. We need him on the bench, not the top cop.
Liberal judges will do us more good!
No! GOP would get to replace Garland on a critical appellate circuit court & Trump will fire him a week later!!! Noooooooooooooo
What a stupid suggestion. Why on earth would you want to open #Garland 's seat on the #CCA open for the #GOP to fill?
No, it is not. This is a terrible idea. Awful judgment on several counts. Why in world would you want Trump to appoint Garland's successor?
@amyklobuchar Merric Garland for FBI director  not a good idea. It's a trap by the GOP to gain his seat at the D.C. Circuit. #No2Merric4FBI
Need him as judge more.
NOOOOO!
I think Merrick Garland would do an awesome job but I agree that having Republicans replace his seat would be a bad idea! & #trump can  him
@realDonaldTrump hell no. Don't fall for it . They want another maniac on the bench.
Are you joking !?!  Not another  stupid Twitter suggestion,  just PLEASE stop !
You're a U.S. Senator, that didn't already know how this negatively affected courts b4 your tweet? #Worst #idea #ever

#2020Run4Prez #DOA
No, no, no. Think before you speak. #littledon would love to fire Merrick Garland.
GOP would replace him on appellate circuit court. DT would fire him & nominate Russian collaborator, treasonous GOP wld vote him in.
NO, agee w/KOS: R would replace Garland on appellate circuit court;DT could fire Garland a week later & nominate the Russian ambassador.
Um no. Need him to keep his seat. How about USA hero @SallyQYates?
BAD IDEA!  TRUMP WOULD FIRE HIM!
NO! Think about it. GOP fills bench, next week Trump sacks Garland, too. NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO, and did I mention NO!
only if you want 45 to replace him with a conservative on appeals court. Not smart.
No, this is NOT a good idea!
Smarten up Sen.! Hon. @MerrickGarland_ was disrespected/insulted by  @SenateGOP for @SCOTUS seat & you agree he should be @FBI Dir? Really?
LEAVE EVERY SEAT OCCUPIED NO VACANCIES FOR TRUMP TO FILL!! BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU WISH FOR!
No! Wrong and stupid. You would give the Republicans a federal judge appointment, and Trump could fire Garland at any time.
Not a good idea at all!! It will free up a judgeship, allowing for another right wing jusge to become installed to the judiciary!! #badmove
Even better idea: f*ck WHOEVER @GOP nominates & SHUT DOWN SENATE til impeachment hearings start or independent commission/special prosecutor
NO! He needs to stay where he  is,where he can continue to protect us. Same goes for E. Warren and frankly, YOU!
no way!
@DailyKos @amyklobuchar. I agree she didn't think ahead on this one, but she's no one's fool & would make a fine POTUS or Justice on SCOTUS.
this is not smart lose an incredible judge republicans replace on critical appellate circuit court
What are you thinking?  This is clearly a ploy to get Garland's appellate circuit court seat.
@amyklobuchar @SenMikeLee
Amy is correct here, this is a position well meant for this man. Not Blanking alt-right republican John Cronyn.  He is a real Trump suck-up
Amy klobuchar if you want to be POTUS this is STUPID idea from Sen LEE. WAKE UP GOP want to get 9th DC seat. You politician head in the sand
Bad idea.  He wouldn't last a minute under Trump and we would lose an important seat in the Court.
I love you, but you must be a horrible chess player! NO!, this is NOT a "great idea". C'mon, Woman...think ahead!
Terrible idea, then we get another nutty Trump judge.
NONONONONONONO No way in hell!!!!
This is not a good idea at all. Trump could fire him and we would lose a 9th distract judge.
Yeah. That's very smart. Trump would fire FBI Director any minute while you lose an appeals court seat to clever GOP for a generation.
Yeah, too bad it's going to be Cornyn.....#resist
Don't be surprised if Swiss Army knife, son-in-law Jared Kushner gets nominated for that job.  Not qualified, so?
Why are Dems so stupid? GOP plans for future decade/generation. Dems live in current emotional second. GOP wants vacancy in appeals court.
Republicans are vile snakes. Mike Lee is a conservative scumbag. They want Merrick Garland out of the appeals court so they can fill vacancy
Stupidity at it's finest..  anything Klobuchar agrees with is BAD for AMERICA!
I don't think it's a good idea. Once again he would leave open a lifetime appointment as a federal judge to gain nothing.
If this is example of your analytical skills you're not ready for 2020.
Rather have him on the bench. Also, Garland doesn't appear to be suicidal...
Yea somehow I don't see Garland taking that job
You can't be this naive.No wonder republicans are running circles around us.Dems need 2 stop pretending Reps won't screw them @ every chance
Are you nuts?  Give Trump a seat on the D.C. Circuit to fill?  Lee is trying to trick you!  Don't let him!
Very, Very bad idea. Mike Lee has never had an idea that was good for the country.
Abandon a lifetime seat on the D.C. Circuit so the GOP can fill it? And trust DJT not to fire Garland too? Hell no!
Only if you can clone Judge Garland and keep him as Chief Judge on the DC Circuit, too.
Terrible idea. Cynical proposal. Would never take him off the bench to doom him to working for the idiot.
Ah, NO
This response proves that the Dems will not be happy with any FBI candidate so @potus may as well nominate who he believes is best.
.@amyklobuchar ARE. YOU. KIDDING?? and give them the DC Circuit?

Are you an actual Senator??
Oh, Come on... you realize 1) they are trolling us 2) you want to GIVE UP his seat on DC Circuit?
We need him where he is, not some far right conservative that would replace him, then Garland fired by Trump.
Sorry @amyklobuchar but please please please don't agree with #Hyperpartisan #Republican @SenMikeLee WE WOULD LOSE HIM IN A WEEK #YoureFired
NOT a great idea! Garland sits on a critical appellate circuit court where he is needed plus trump would just have him fired a week later.
As a Minnesotan, please say no to this. We lose a judgeship. Instead, we want a special prosecutor to restore a semblance of normalcy.
Are you REALLY that clueless, Amy? Good grief.
No Amy. It leaves His seat open and then Garland will be fired.
TERRIBLE IDEA! Giving up a seat on the DC circuit for this? Please think about the long term consequences!
NO! Bad effing idea. Gives GOP free replacement on court & #HitlerTrump can just fire him! STOP APPEASING RIGHT!
- AMY - NOOOOOooooo!
Danger Will Robinson! - It's a TRAP - Don't go in that dark room - there's a guy with a knife
NO! 1000 TIMES NO!
No. GOP just wants Garland in a position where Trump can fire him.
NO NO NO 
Trading a lifetime judgeship that's making a difference for an Integrity Facade that can be fired on a whim?

That's crazy.
Hell,no
Why would be taking advice from @SenMikeLee for God's sake? This will not get you the Dem nod. Not at all. #Resistance Learn about it.
Super,duper bad idea! Want to give up a seat on the second most important court?
And that opens another court position for a fascist Dominionist and he fires Garland in 2 months. 
Please don't support this ridiculous plot to have the Rs seize a federal judge seat.
ABSOLUTELY NOT. Garland has a great job that we depend on. No need to subject him to the whims of a bully child so-called president.
Terrible idea, giving Trump the ability to fire him and nominate another fascist judge.
Absolutely not! Stop with this ridiculous idea!

What are you thinking?  This is a very, very bad idea.  Don't give Trump another conservative judge to appoint.
@realDonaldTrump don't fall for it Amy .. they want his seat on the court .. in 2 days #trump will fire him
Shitty idea. Have you not been paying attention?
No No No. If he leaves the bench they will put in an R. Ugh stop trying to get along.
crappy idea. double strikeout for D's.  Garland replaced by fascist + fired and replaced by another fascist.
Nope.
Not a good idea. Trump would replace Garland with conservative judge tipping balance of D.C. district court of appeals
NO NO NO! We need him on the bench!
Terrible idea. You're embarrassing yourself. Delete this tweet.
Terrible idea. For all the reasons @Dahlialithwick says here. Why are you giving Mike Lee props???
No, no, no. And open up a seat on the DC Circuit for Trump to nominate a replacement? Advise & Consent has been bastardized-GOP will confirm
NO STOP
Nnnnnooooooooooooooooo!
This is a terrible idea. Replace senior judge on D.C. Circuit w R appt in exchange for FBI Dir who can be fired by POTUS whim.
Why lose such an important Judge that shit show trump gets to appoint?
Nice thought, but crazy to give up lifetime seat on US Ct of Appeals for job that serves at whim of Trump.
Are you out of your mind?
well, that's a remarkably dumb idea
NO. Omg you guys are Charlie Brown with the football. 
When will you learn? There is NO COOPERATING WITH TRUMP'S GOP!!!!!!!!!
retire
Will never happen. Anyone who is liked by Obama doesn't have a chance.
Not a good idea. Leaves open seat in DC Circuit for crazy man to appoint an ultra right literalist
Garland is chief judge of D.C. Court of appeals. As FBI director, trump would fire him in a week!! Don't be an idiot, this is too important
@Obama_Biden_13 @SenMikeLee  No. Bad idea. They will frame Garland for some petty crime. Also leaves vacancy on DC circuit.

No, we need him to remain a federal judge, otherwise Trump will appoint some incompetent lackey.
No! Then Trump/GOP can fill MG permanent seat on the D.C. Court!  Don't let them steal 2 seats from Merrick Garland.
Wouldn't it take Garland off a federal court where he is needed?
Why would Garland take a job that Trump can fire him from! Right now he has some control over judicial things.Unless supreme ct gets offered
How about @GenColinPowell to helm FBI? 
 Merrick Garland should be Special Prosecutor. That would be ironic!
The name Mike Rogers was floated by Elijah Cummings today. Just say no to Trump shills. Please.
He's a troll
Mike Comey for the special prosecuter.  No delay in getting caught up
Let Garland select a special prosecutor but stay on bench. Can't afford to lose a good judge to a Trump puppet.
We need Garland to stay on the court, so DT doesn't get to appoint a conservative on the court of appeals.
And let Donald replace him with a liberal judge?
Then Trump gets to swing the circuit court.  THINK senator!
How about Sally Yates??? 
Doesn't Garland have a history of siding with LE when they disrespect the Bill of Rights or otherwise violate citizens?
Chief Judge of the D.C. Circuit is too important.  Trump-- or Pence-- would name the successor.  Garland should stay exactly where he is...
@dremmelqueen @SenMikeLee @realDonaldTrump Merrick Garland is fine where he is. He is needed in court. Don't fall for this
Terrible idea. Don't be a chump. U.S. Court of Appeals D.C. Circuit. Trump will fire again anyone investigating him.
We know what you're up 2Mike No on Garland & he's not interested Ujust want his seat We will consider Yates she's earned it How about you?
This appointment would make up for them stealing his @supremecourt seat hire @MerrickGarland_ please they owe him a high appointment
no. Garland has a lifetime appointment on the federal bench. He should stay there. Trump could fire him as SP.
That would take professionalism, transparency and patriotism, therefore not gonna happen with this WH.
You want Trump to put another federal judge on the bench?  Really?
And then his current bench is open for trump to put fill and then fires Garland a couple months in.. no!
@dustinhines @SenMikeLee  I disagree then Merrill garland would leave Supreme Court of appeals which trump gets to replace
are you NUTS, Amy?!?! This is their way of getting Garland off the court..WTF is wrong w you?!? Oh..and Mike!
i saw your response tweet but even RT anything from Lee, you're giving crazy an endorsement n platform! 
Mike Lee is just trying to open up Garland's seat. Appoint @SallyQYates to the FBI & impeach Trump for obstruction.
NO. Then Trump fills his seat on the judiciary? HELL NO!
Sally Yates - hands down for special prosecutor
You have apparently not thought this one through?  This is a trap.
