I'm a fan of yours Senator but what is your alternative to adding to a credit card balance my kids will have to pay back?
Forget the wall, it's just for looks.Still get in through tunnels, planes, boats,Canadian & Louisiana entry.
here in Texas we want the wall
Why doesn't the state of Texas pay for it then?
cause Mexico is
oh for God's sake. Please read the news. Even Trump knows now that's not going to happen.
Its was a flippant response to her dumb question
As much as I abhor Trump, I'm more interested in what the Dems propose. So far it's just "We're not Trump."
Kind of like the argument of voting for Trump because "He's not Hillary"?
I'm a progressive, not a Trump supporter.
I get that what Trump proposes is terrible, but what are the Dems counter proposing?
Dems aren't in WH; we only have one president at a time. HRC: raise taxes on incomes over 250K.
There are still some Dems in Congress where laws are actually made.
lol. That happens after May 1st. That will be when Dems push for parity, as they typically do. 1
but i see that you know all this & your questions are to score a point or two. All good. 2
Well, your first point is a lie -
@truthloverbaby @amyklobuchar She didn't lie, you didn't comprehend.She's fighting for all towns in US where water isn't safe.
then she should be trying to work with our president not AGAINST HIM
$20 Trillion in debt. That's $20,000,000,000,000. Keep cutting.
Why don't you demand that Trump cut his trips to Mar a Lago? Seriously? How can you justify that?
It's his lifestyle, always has been.  He works while there. The $150B O gave Iran would cover it 5000x over
you must understand how hypocritical that sounds...
but it's cool for you to retweet Trump is a cu*t?  No time for you.
when in God's name did I use that word?
@UnknownHstorian Recheck your "facts" on these. You'll be glad you did. Research is a good thing to do.
You know, you are probably right. Trump and Ryan don't seem competent enough to pull this off now, do they?
What a sad thing.
he truly does not care about the people of this country.  
#notmypresident 
#theresistance
The crippling of a Nation. This is all of game to him. In the end he will lose this game when we take him down.
so don't plan on cancer or chronic disease cures any time soon w a budget that undermines healthy air, water and wellness
Hey #TrumpVoters How's that #Infrastructure & Job Creation Promise looking now?
All these cuts so  corporate America can get a tax break. Doesn't look like he cares about people in rural America
how about you give us real information instead of "attention grabbing" headlines? These are very misleading!
I am curious what is the misleading part
seems rather clear to me
me too
thanks, Amy... just ridiculous!
we're with you!  Thank you
- PBS TV matters! It's one of those channels besides C-Span that I watch often. Trump wants to keep citizens in the dark!
you could get a job at NYT with your fake news...hahaha
I sincerely hope you are voting no. Please talk to Congressman Emmer as well. I have tried but got no response.
Thanks for all your help. Just think that a lot of the people that voted for 45 will be hurt the most.
Impeach, Impeach & Impeach Trumpf please
Nobel economist was right when he said Trump policies would hurt his supporters first. I'd say "ha", but innocent w/suffer too
Where's ur resources 4 these items ur listing? Please provide us with them!
It's Government. There is fat in every department. As citizens we don't mind seeing ridiculousness cut from all departments
I know MN went for Trump. U might. No u need to keep that in mind. Elections have consequences. Like ur job
where wer you when OBAMA.... remember him?? did absolutely nothing about the above?
Excellent cuts.
Yeah, just keep spending money to buy votes.
Tell us, how do we rid ourselves from this outrageous deficit?  We need to come 2gether as Americans & solve this.
Have to Cut Corners for awhile to Make Military  Strong again.Getting parts from Museums,We intimate NO ONE, Thanks Obama
why should my federal taxes pay for MN POTUS did help Flint DEMe didn't but they did cause it
#Trumps view of "Grate Again..." is circa 1900
@BeChangeToday This is sad
You are a sick person Amy,A Ranchers Slave and Hoar.
Sure doesn't fit any definition of Make America Great Again that I can fathom. Make Rich Richer Again works.
thank you for sharing!!!
It is time for the federal govt to live within its budget and pay down its debt, just like I have to.
@SimonWDC EVIL TRUMP BUDGET
@PennyTatman it's so hard to read anything published these days - lots of embellishment and misleading here.
don't mention how much Obama increased funding on all of this. You sound like Bernie. Hint: NOTHING IS FREE.
Thanks to "*president" trump, we will no longer have 'Fly Over' States. We will only have 'Fucked Over' states.
Thx Senator K. Keep fighting the good fight for MN.
the best way to cut US debt is to provide jobs that pay taxes--good paying jobs. not oppose living wages while rich rake in $
Done
20 trillion in debt and another 200 trillion in unsecured debt. We have to start somewhere with something!
well cutting taxes on the rich will not help any of that
And he's the first pimp w Chinese credentials to live in white house. @amyklobuchar @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems
@OddZombie Trumps tax cuts4rich&slashing of programs4poor will bring about pain&suffering&driving a bigger divide in society
@IndivisibleMN Love the "notes to the administration" in here. 
Upper Midwest humor for you right there.
@MaryAnnHijack his "art of the deal"(1st book). Come in hard, negiotiate & then YOU feel you got something in the end..Ugh!
@Marv_Vien But the heartland just loves #Trump!  Just wait.
Wait for what great Trump will do? Instead,  waiting anxiously for his impeachment and imprisonment.
@rkaeder Amy please fight these budget cuts
This is the price we pay for adding 11 Trillion to the national debt in 8 years!!
"we"? Government spending
Is it your view that only those who have been sent to D.C. have the wisdom to take care of these....local govern't too stupid?
@jo_kasprzak Anybody point out yet that the Great Lakes supplies 20% of the world's drinking water. Think someone should care.
Without the Great Lak
@CharlieaWhite @therealroseanne @seanhannity this is how he treats his supporters
What the heck? These are real cuts in his proposal?!
no more information
And then I hear you want to take out the wolves. Shame on you.
thanks for updates
HOW do we stop this man from destroying our country/world?
we know, no cuts, always increase spending and taxes. Maybe we have to cut MN welfare for these programs u want?
what about Minnesotans with disabilities? Don't we count? Doesn't anybody SEE US? We are people too!
Please fight this!!
then we just need to cut welfare, refugee cash program, and then we will be able to afford things Minnesotans actually want!!!
How much regulation is dismissed with these proposed budget cuts?
All of these things guaranteed in the constitution and clearly more efficiently done by filtering money through Washington
Thanks for being our voice !  We are behind your work to resist these assaults to our environment, healthcare, and schools
lets go through the military budget with a fine toothed comb, not worth discussing any cuts until this has been done imho...
Military only get 1 of each item so if the bullet vest is ruined, they have to purchase another one.
interesting, by and large I'm not talking servicemen-military contracts, private contractors, weaponry, dumb wars
Not all wars are dumb.  Weapons r needed  in military.  Private Contracts, yes there needs to b responsible cost
-as I said, fine tooth comb to find necessary vs unnecessary
.@jacottrell51 #1 job of Gov is to protect the ppl. Be honest. There is plenty of waste "Everywhere" state & fed. @mgodfrey99 @amyklobuchar
perhaps, but let's start with the largest portion of the budget...
& it will be controlled by raising defense by $54 billion/yr and cutting millionaires taxes by $14.4 billion/yr?
And how many jobs will be lost bc of these cuts, that would b beneficial 4 ppl 2 no. Every state shld give number of jobs lost
.@amyklobuchar Major Ed cuts too!  Bad for kids and families.
.@BCassellius Tell the all mighty  @mndnr to start paying taxes on the land they own. That will solve that. @amyklobuchar
.@BCassellius Better yet. Sell us the land and we will pay the taxes. State would prob get millions in tax Rev.  @mndnr @amyklobuchar
I hope you run for President, Amy.
