Amy, that is absurd and idiotic and the American people don't want MORE refugees. You can show any "results" in a study.
Common sense, we pay for them. How bout the veterans here? Low income cities like Detroit? Let's help our struggling 1st
Actually, immigrants and especially refugees offers a huge ROI for this country. We can and should let in refugees AND take care of vets.
As long as they come in legally, no problem
Do you understand how much vetting refugees have to go through? It is a legal process that involves multiple checks and interviews.
I do. Glad we have it. I welcome them. If you here illegally, you are breaking the law, and need to go
Who's facts? That's a serious question now. We're in trouble if we listen to ppl like you. So misguided!
*whose
What I said are facts. I'm going to ask you to do read reallllllly slowly what you just wrote.
No need
Because they are racist.
We should divide let GOP wallow in their pig slop. Or make GOP work at subminimum wages their schemes make immigrants accept.

"For the cost of settling 1 refugee in our country we could support 10 in their OWN COUNTRY!" POTUS Math may not be your

Keep on them Amy tour doing a great job..don't let healthcare  go thru either!!
Surprised? Really! Congress approved horrible choices for cabinet & WH full of White Supremacists & evangelicals who want to control others.
This WH rejects fact that our Election was hacked & we have an #IllegitimatePotus. Easier to stay in power.
AMERICANS Reject Legitimacy of Hacked Election. Discrepancies Continue to Surface. No Verification. #IllegitimatePOTUS #Nullify2016Election https://twitter.com/nytpolitics/status/909981347267129344 …
This is unbelievably frustrating. If they can just reject factual info because it's inconvenient to their dogma, there is little hope.
LIES/DENIAL/ LIES - DUMP TRUMP
There are 2 sides to every balance sheet. Revenues and expenditures. In this case, the expenditures far outweigh the revenues produced
Because this small little barely legal little man is utterly RACIST & a WHITE SUPREMACIST. We need facts not fantasy.
Based on what?  He wasn't called a white supremacist until he ran for President
Of course
"WHITE" House
Because this is not the facts White House wants us to know
Don't believe this for one second.....every dollar of that could be produced by an American and should be....
What are government revenues?  You mean they used more tax money from others?
Don't forget, Stephen Miller is the guy who thinks "huddled masses yearning to breathe free" is an irrelevant add-on to Statue of Liberty.
You not supposed to drink the bong water
This insect needs to go!!!!
So of course their love of money is trumped by their blatant racism.
This is not about money...not all refugees and cultures are created equal or wish to assimilate
Thank you Senator Amy Klobuchar for calling attention to the way that White House hides the facts.
You also can talk to Trumpsters about this and they think they all get hand outs from Social Services etc

Illegal immigrants also cost us a net loss in revenue. Check it out Amy it in the Billions not millions.
Stephen Miller is dangerous. Seriously.
There's a lot of crazy talk up in here... @amyklobuchar, I'm with you. I know you're not crazy.
Congress is guilty of hiding facts across the board. Strange to hear any other message. Immigrant costs far outweigh the revenue. Get real.
Our Senators sit by while psychos ruin our lives! No courage anywhere!
Guess you never heard of a little place called California! So all refugees are welcome in MN? Hot damn!
how did they bring in revenue ?
Don't forget, Senator-we are dealing with an "Administration" that deals in ALTERNATIVE FACTS - so this is par for the course isn't it #sad
Bloody country is founded on immigration!
Well, being a bigot & racist certainly helps. Also, many can't afford tRump products or hotels, so doesn't impact his revenue stream.
Do you expect honesty from this crew? From ANY politician?
Actually common sense shows if you invest in current citizens you will have even better revenue...
Miller is def a WS. Please get these people off the main stage
Because it doesn't fit their narrative.
Case study #Somali community@Minnesota. Facts matter.  @GlobSomDiaspora
Why deal w/honest labels when it is easier to obfuscate them? Economic migrants is more honest than refugees.
How much can #StevenMiller resemble an evil sidekick in a straight to video political drama?
You are so RIGHT!
Well The House and Senate for 13th year oooon a row rejected Amendment that would pay Disabled Veterans the money owed. All should be CRDP!
Come to Canada  
That is their MO. Alternative facts suit their needs better and Actual Facts can be claimed as Fake News. Resist!

The study's findings were inconsistent with the final report issued by the agency. But you do you, conspiracy theorist. https://twitter.com/rvawonk/status/910152726293643264 …
Miller has never had a clue and never will. Just like Trump.
Country profits better by allowing those already here to work.
I worked for a corporation whose executives regularly rejected market research that didn't support their preconceived ideas. They failed.
That's depending on the study most don't count the costs or hide them .
Fact is they cost 2 to 3 times more than they add
Say no to isolationist policies Immigrants create tremendous economic value just as my  east European immigrant grndparents did 1906 & 1923
they arnt american citizens there fore they dont benefit society
How do you deal with these absurd people in the White House, Amy?  They lie, or are so ignorant of facts, it's unbelievable.
We've always taken in immigrants and refugees. What's different now? The number? More difficult to make it legal?  Stop arguing/ use logic.
It is so sad that the facts aren't even looked at.  They are delusional!
Thank you for highlighting what many fail to understand.
Pot calling kettle....don't cast stones if you live in a glass house.  @danobrien1972 @jmatteso1303
https://youtu.be/DdHtrcXGYck 
Miller's a putz.
Jesus this guy
Speechless can we please be done with this administration pretty please
No kidding. Hoping Mueller is about to make us done with this administration before the damage is too great.
Horrible republicans
And the companies are to damn cheap,racist, and lazy to help find good refugee workers
We can use some good refugee help. Heck half this country on drugs and welfare and to fang lazy to apply for a job
That's inequality excuse me.
A racist inept America always behind the 8ball
Whitehouse rejects that statics because of the racial quality behind it. Let's face it a racial America is a paranoid and will always be
The WH also rejects the FACTS of climate change and several ofther certain truths.
Why be a Republican at all, Amy?  (just because)
Said by the Guy who said that torturing people his fun. Why bother with fact.
I think politics has a regular habit of ignoring facts on certain subjects. SCOTUS included.
Why indeed?
Goebbels Miller is back, I see.
BS
Come on it takes years to bring in revenue. Have you ever had a real job Amy?
Besides, it doesn't fit with their rhetoric. If the facts don't fit, change the facts. Unbelievable.
We'd expect nothing less from the unhappy, miserable cur that is Stephen Miller. I wonder what's taking Gen. Kelly so long to jettison him!
Why bother with facts like cost of lives or not deporting illegals who commit crimes, food stamps, depresses wages due to cheap labor?
Freshly created alternative facts from the translucent administration.
We don't want refugees. ICYMI we voted for no mor rapeugees and no more illegal immigration. Be #AmericaFirst or get out of office.
This administration makes my head and heart hurt every single day.
Millions of jobless Americans and millions of employed Refugees. Nice try Amy.
Look at the burning cars in the streets in Germany and France.
American want less or no more refugees.no illegals either.its time for the american citizens only.time to put real americans first.
Thank you, Senator, for your fortitude & (not so) common sense. Happy you represent Minnesota!
Just as they reject that Obamacare is not failing.
"Statistics are used much like a drunk uses a lamppost: for support, not for illumination". ~ Vin Scully
Surprise!
Build the WALL !
Tnis is aboout refugees legally allowed to enter the country, not illegals crawling across the border.
How much longer can our country tolerate his flagrant disreagard for our laws and our cilivlty?
your point is regugees are simple revenue generating source? or a net positive ?
With this White House administration, 2+2=5, or any number FoxNews tells them.
We have seen enough studies that show they cost money-- look to Germany and Europe about the issues refugees bring-- protect America
Amy. You didn't understand that it's about security!!!!
Lea! You don't understand that Faux "News" is an outlet for alarmist propaganda!
The origins of @StephenMillerAL are described in this video.
Why hide the fact that they are here illegally, r you try to say that refugees DON'T COST THE GOV ANYTHING ? R U DELUSIONAL? ?
That RACIST weasel Stephen Miller needs to go!
Why is Miller still in this administration?
Hey Amy would you say the same to Hillary
Don't let the word Illegal deter your narrative 
They don't care to make anything great but racism
The Alt Right worships the idol of Ayn Rand
When are you going to make Glenn Simpson's testimony public? You're enabling this idiocy by concealing facts that the public deserves to see
Trump voters=stupid!!!!
What does that make crooked Hillary who was really involved with the Russians. You make a stupid point
GOP has long denied facts and prefer anecdotal stories
MyLifeIsWorthMoreThenYourRevenue ... #ItsPriceless
And?
I don't know, but that sounds like a page from the Democrat playbook to me.
Of course. Anything this administration deems as intolerable is immediately labeled w/negative connotations and vilified on @FoxNews , etc.
We need laser focus on healthcare
Trump should know this without a study.  He makes money off their lower labor costs.

