thanks to you, we are still waiting for confirmation of the POTUS' Supreme Court nominee
Ok so what. Instead of pointing the finger and complaining; then; FIX obamacare Your just as bad if you cancel people hypocrit
Remember giving Amgen $500,000,000 crony capitalist Mtich McConnell?
Still waiting to see a Republican replacement! When? 2020, 2024?
so easy to use glib empty slogans  or lies just like PE-T.
Thanks to #Obamacare, 20 million Americans who lacked insurance now have it. Respect the good done by the Affordable Care Act
Shame on YOU not Obamacare. WHO can go 2 work & say I'm not working until my boss leaves? No one. U should be out on ur ass
Isn't it terrible that poorest americans have an option for health care. Maybe you should try improving it!
It's better than zero choices though.
god bless you, Mitch, let the sick go bankrupt and die as god intended! Amen!
But u dont represent US - ur in it for yourselves & THATS why everyone is SICK 2 DEATH of Government.
Pre-exsisting conditions & keeping ur kids on ur insurance r the biggest blessing, Premiums were  high before.
I only have one choice of insurance through my employer! Why is it a problem??
Why don't you do something to fix or improve it - instead of being a naysayer.
repeal & replace with nationwide competitive private insurance and tort reform or prepare to be replaced. Get on board with DT
Yes @SenateMajLdr your plan to destroy #Obamacare has worked so far, but how are you going to keep blaming it on a Democrat after January?
Yep. Thanks to you and your ilk. Laws are fluid and can be tweaked. Your racism and partisanship prevented it.
U've spent most of ur time in office thwarting Obama which=preventing HELPING US. THATS why you were voted IN, in 1st place
what's your plan to make it better and more affordable?
You all need to remember who you are working for. Not yourselves. Hint? The American People.
Sir if you and the rest of the Senate, and Congress would have protected the American people. This wouldn't have happened.
@McConnellPress Not confirm Hiliary Justice nominee?? Really? What about when there are 2 or 3 vacancies?? LIBERAL COURT!!
@McConnellPress  You'll not stand up to Hiliary…you might be called a sexist. At least you'll have some control over Trump.
Oh, and do your fking job, "Senator," & cut out the stonewalling. You were ELECTED to do a job. Remember?
Liar, Liar. There's more to this. You're not regulating insurance Co's. You're in bed with them. Resign.
Hey Old Fella, how much have #YOUR premiums gone up. We need #TermLimits & You need to get a Pink Slip #PinkSlip Corruption
@SenateGOP @SenatorReid After wasting 8yrs, it has come down to supporting your nominee. Your committees are planning 4 more?
For once, try hard to be positive by proposing a substitute. You really don't care if people are insured.
What it is designed to do, old Mitch!  Help those Kentuckians with crappy healthcare from the private sector.  Time to Wake Up
Mine are actually going down for the same coverage!  Thanks, Obama! <3
Yes, and your pockets are getting fuller.
of course youre one of the gutless cowards who said they would defund it but lied
No. Five states, not 1/5. God, u r a fool.
https://politicalwire.com/2016/10/31/gop-senator-suggests-shooting-clinton/ … This is an embarrassment an unworthy of the US Senate. You would not allow this in your children. Censure!
@SenateMajLdr  NC Senator Rich Burr's jokes about killing Sec Clinton is not worthy of a US Senator. He Needs Censure!
yet the @GOP refused to expand Medicaid and by doing so they hurt those that would have be covered with lower premiums
Again, the insurance companies raise premiums not the POTUS.  How is that justice nominee coming? #DoYourJob
No offense @SenateMajLdr but my insurance premiums were going up pretty fast before the ACA. I would like to see them come down though
If you don't want Obamacare & higher rates, vote Trump!
I bet Osamacare was done deliberately to give USA to Islam.
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
McConnell, the weakest "leader" we have ever had. MIA during the trump candidacy.Your state laments the lack of recall option.
funny how you seem to have so much time on your hands , move on to supreme court justice nominee chores #DoYourJob
if you are not part of the solution, you are part of the problem.  You have been useless in helping the uninsured !
And your plan is . . . ?
No, thanks to an obstructionist GOP that did their best to undermine legislation simply because it was put in place by a Dem.

Premiums that are covered by tax cuts for 84% of people. Nothing that can't be fixed, by good willing people!
bye bye #nomorerepublicans
.@SenateMajLdr Then fix the Risk Corridors, which Congress weakened causing ins cos to withdraw. Or draft single payer option. Stop whining
It's not from #Obamacare it's from no regulations on insurance companies. You only care about money you make from oil and guns
