Then why are you wasting billions in Afghanistan and previously Iraq?
They are leading everyone into great war. For Greater israel.
I was saying bringing back their armies gonna save them billion dollar;economically not unauthentic or weird political or religious reviews.
They are in huge debt of Rothschild
Bro! I'm sick of this RothChild Family conspiracy and shit.Please show up with any authentic source and facts.
Its 2 hour lecture to you.
First fix the Saudi-Iran and Gulf-Qatar clashes oh my bad you're gonna say US or so called Israel is responsible for all this.
These are states not 5 yeat old child who do whatever his elder wants.
Simplification isn't the answer.  People are getting their taxes done, no problem.  

WE DO NOT PULL IN ENOUGH TAX REV TO SUPPORT GOVERNMENT
Simplification is a good idea. Too many loopholes.
Don't get me wrong - I want simplification as well.  But we're running a huge deficit still. Giant debts.
I pay a fortune. Much of that in local taxes that are out of pocket like 10% sales tax. Outrageous! Gas tax over .85 cents per gallon.

Russia #fusion
American Thinker......that's rich
All lies from Pence
Get me my fucking help
It'd be great if this was the truth but you know it's not.
So cutting big business tax by 15% at home & no tax abroad & raise mine 3% will help me? BS

Reality: Rich people will pay even less taxes and hoard the savings. Middle class still fucked for decades to come.
Even less?  Top 10% of wage earners already pay 70% of all federal taxes
Just like Reagan - like Bush. Blow up the deficit, crash the economy. TRICKLE DOWN HAS NEVER WORKED.
The devil is in the details, and of course, the relief for the middle class means the 1%.  Easy to understand as their loopholes remain. BS.

No tax hike on middle class! Obama/robertscare is killing us with the high cost!  No tax increase on middle class!
About time that an administration is thinking of the middle class! Thank you Mr President
You forgot to mention that we can buy a car or renovate our kitchen for $1,000 Your base may be gullible enough, but the rest of us aren't.
All ready figured out Tax Reform for Rich. Now have Listen Pence,Trump malarkey of lying rhetoric. RICH plan FANTASTIC,Working stiffs
we need tax reform at all levels and now please,
See, now, that doesn't mention the big fat tax cut for 1%. Or the rise in lowest tax rate.
LiarLiarLiarLiarLiarLiarLiarLiarLiarLiarLiarLiar
Then why not put forth a plan that does those things?  Why put forth a plan tailored to cut Donald's taxes and screw everyone else?
Good luck. You need better answers then previously given.

http://politifact.sharethefacts.co/share/bad9b1f5-2759-41a6-a6d8-d21b73fc17b5 … 
Did you get rid of the corporate welfare?
Show us your TAX RETURNS!!!!
Lies
NONE of these can be accomplished with the tax plan that has been presented.  Spin Again.
How do you define middle class? Those making more than 1 million per year? Because that's who wins with your tax plan.
What is the income you label as middle class?
We've been needing that for years, yet it has never been done.  I fear we are getting more of the same ol' promises but nothing solid.
We are more than ready.
liars its all about ur 1% cronies fu
I hope to GOD that this gets done! Although I am considered High middle Class it doesn't matter to me. I want this PASSED for Others &  YOU!
https://goo.gl/FMNNBn 
3/3 impose on us.  If you think $999 is slot for a iPhone x, wait till he finishes screwing us
2/2 happen. If they brought back the companies we'd never be able to afford the products.Coupled with the outrageous tariffs others will 3/3
When Skippy and his daughter bring back then I will have done faith in others bringing their companies back. But we know it'll never. 1/2
If you wanna increase wages, enforce the federal minimum wage in all states, punish those not following federal law. Also increase the minim
@VP the fourth principle was started by former President Barack Obama,reducing tax for companies to manufacture at USA,pro jobs.
Make it happen...
Middle class gets nothing because you only give 6000. & you take away to deductions! FOR RICH! FOR BIG CORPORATE! Switch and Bait MC pays $$
I'm sorry just can't take usa seriously any more.
Americans, beware. Tax breaks for 1% will be at our expense. Let's demand real tax reform: spend our $ on the USA, not more wars or a wall.
new tax code won't create jobs just make the owners wealthier and the middle class will get crumbs
Trump shouldn't even start talking about taxes when he hasn't even shown his tax returns. Show them, and then come up with a plan.
Get started and stop taking vacation!!!
I thought it was let the wealthy make more money and tax the rest of us into submission. #2hungry2protest #2sick2

are the new tax forms that say "I win" on them out yet?



no more "hourglass" economy
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Remember my family!!! We need tax relief.
10%Tax2ALL,including corporation&welfare recipients,exclude only retirees&disabled=simple1sentenceFAIRtax code,no more exemptions/loopholes
How about those on disability and SSI - less taxes on Ira and annuity withdrawals...we need to money to live.
End all Corporate/Business political Campaign Contributions
States make there own tax code
End all Federal Tax incentives
This smacks of unions and their mentality.
Simple 1 page for all Personal/Corporate/Business taxes
Corporate/Business tax 20% for all!No write offs!No deductions!
Flat Tax 20% for all till debt paid!No deductions!All invest in country!No more free rides!I don't like but to get passed 10% 1st $20,000
Lifting Jones Act would bring relief to 3.4 million UScitizens &make America Great again. Why not do it?
You'll "simplify" it by raising taxes on the poor and lower classes on the rich. Hardly fucking reform. Budget screwed again.
White House stop pushing the rich guys agenda America know better.
THIS IS TRUMPS PIPE DREAM? EAT IT UP! THERES A SUCKER BORN EVERY MINUTE AND TRUMP CHOSE HIS BASE TO BE THE SUCKERS THIS WEEK. EAT WELL?
L
I
A
R
S

L
I
A
R
S

L
I
A
R
S

L
I
A
R
S
Taxation is like the military draft, like slavery. For a country to be free, taxation should be abolished. TJ did it.

Flat tax! Or national sales tax. Dump the IRS; that alone will save millions.

#PuertoRicoStrong #PuertoRicoRelief #PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow 
HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP HELP
First one, great! Last one isnt abt taxes at all, it is a general wish
I would agree with all of these  provisions: however tax breaks for the wealthy elites does NOT CREATE JOBS!!!!

We need to get old, greedy, corrupt, white rich men out of office first!

But no details right ?
Show us your taxes first.
If you deport illegals my kids can get a job and raise a family.  Only half pay taxes.  Half can't get a liveable job to pay taxes.
More lies.
Why no tweets about Puerto Rico? Shame on you shame on you shame on you.

Telling the truth would be a nice start
If it is really that simple can we get rid of IRS? Think of the savings!!
Can you please tell the American People EXACTLY how long it will take if/when passed #WAGES will go up and how much they will go up?
Please Retweet... Important information for all of us!
Less talk  about this Trump
Don't say another word about taxes until trump provides his tax returns!
Is Pruitt the Queen of waste, fraud and abuse? (Dr. Price is King.)
Screw the little guy isn't on there.
Omar the demos and Politians have been saying this and it's not true, we need a business man, not a politian!
Sounds like the Fair Tax for sure.
Yep, but your proposal doesn't do that, and you know that. How stupid do you think people are. Careful, they're catching on ....
What about the mortgage interest deduction that will be lost for most Americans? Home values will plummet. Sounds super! #GOPfail
At least they got everything checked and covered I'm getting so sick of Winning  #MakeAmericaHateAgain
Try to make us read bullets points like him.
We don't want Trump Univ level. 
Bye...

Agreed. But the devil is in the details #standuptotrump
Trump is going to destroy the economy again!!!!
Lies. Lies. Lies.

@SenatorWicker 

No. 2 doesn't work that way.
@realDonaldTrump John Kelly will quit before the end of the yea cuz he is not being successful at reigning ur off the cuff and Twitter messz
#LyingPence - this is like all @GOP bills. The headlines say one thing, while the details reveal the ugly truth, which is why you can't pass
Liars, the only thing that matters to you and @POTUS  is the death tax or estate tax cut, for the rich of course

Noticing a lot of disagreement. Maybe those who are disagreeing are happy with their tax burden. Assuming they are tax payers
Mike I dought that, getting all their needs from middle class americans.
Tell me again about how middle class families win in this plan?
Hey @WhiteHouse, cool tax reform...but what about the millions of Americans suffering in #PuertoRico right now? Who's guiding that process?
Can't trust anything that Trump says. He lies about everything so why should I believe him now. I shouldn't & won't!
Billions and Billions in disaster relief coming due for this hurricane season alone and you're draining funds to give to billionaires?
More BS. #notmypresident
According to three studies, the minimum wage should be $21.95 if you're not willing to do that then keep your freaking plan.
'Tax relief for the middle class' my eye. This plan is a giveaway for corporations and the super-rich. The middle class gets to tread water.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @NancyPelosi @SenatorSchumer  While we would like to see a better plan there is nothing but lies and GOP plans!
Dont forget the 5th..... make the rich richer...while screwing americans healthcare

We must do better for our fellow citizens. Via @actdottv 
Add one: We want to invest in the middle class to make it more competitive so it requires less support
Grow your email list & increase your sales by email marketing try it https://goo.gl/TSjjYy  #exploreBCchat
Another principle: release your own tax returns so we can see how you will personally benefit from these proposals.
False
Americans don't listen to chucky r the  democrats they bitch about  everything They r NOT businessmen They r politicians that lie
Trump lie again
I am not sure a $1000 a year tax cut will really help me.
Suggestions: 1) housing allowance of $3,000/mo for each Congressman. 2) All travel is out of pocket, no reimbursement. Should save billions.
^5 'Zactly what we need.  *I am not worried about the "Rich". I work to earn money, so do they. ALL Tax Rates should be LOWERED.
It's complete irony that the word #principles can be uttered by this White House.
The Real Facts
Four principles for tax reform:
The rich get richer
The rich get richer
The rich get richer
Everyone else pays more tax and gets screwed
Bring back jobs from American companies who have call centers overseas.  @Microsoft @comcast and others

Lol...all working so well 4u so far...wall,travel ban, healthcare...sad...loser!
This is such bullshit for big GOP donors only
I agree but the corp. tax should be 15% , 20% is to high.
Why not try 10 percent across all in comes close loop holes make tax simple to file. Give middle class a tax cut.
But they're really not good at standing up to their promises, are they? I see more middle class catastrophe ahead.
How in any way does getting rid of the "estate tax" not benefit the wealthiest of Americans?
Because even those of us in the middle class have to pay taxes on inheritances even if they are small. We can't afford it the rich can
and we need to sell them the Brooklyn Bridge again
#PhonyTrumppropaganda #believeitwhenIseeit
We all 'NEED' things. However, how about telling us what is actually in the new plan?
Rich-company's pays no taxes but use the consumption tax to get things paid for them then allowed to kill you
http://www.winfieldks.org/Search?searchPhrase=new%20road%20rubbermaid&page=1&perPage=10 …
If @VP continues to allow Trump to staff @WhiteHouse with criminals in key positions, there is no doubt @VP is as unfit as Trump.
That is one the right track. Middle class over burden with taxes.
#MySimpleTaxPlan (start at bottom) is a great template for a fair net worth based tax system
http://AptTax.com  does that & pays off the $20T debt & do it with a puny 0.35% tax allowing everyone to keep over 99% of ALL earnings.
You promised to make the top 1 & 2% pay their fair share in taxes. It's time you kept your word! NO MORE TAX CUTS FOR THE WEALTHY!
Stop lying about Americans paying higher taxes than any other country. It's not true, it was never true, & your lying doesn't make it true!
And a real1% cut on all government spending. Salaries, pensions, budgets, entitlements.....
