REMINDER: Your President's always the dumbest motherfucker in the room. How fucking dumb does that make you… #MAGA
Nice. Itch is like a deer in the light.
Tomorrow #CzarTrump and his buddies go to JAIL. I dream you are part of his treason so I get to see your old white man face behind bars.
Why the FOOT-DRAGGING on the Trump appointees, Mr. Majority Leader of the same party as the President? Hmmmmmm?
Impeach Trump if u want to keep your job.
Repubs still rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic.
http://www.islam-guide.com/ 
Nice job itch.  Another waste
Will he be naming a special counsel to investigate Trump's driving history?
The liberal agenda is absolutely evil! Are you?
Mitch, your wife's job and your craven greediness are stopping you from obeying your oath to Americans. INVESTIGATE NOW.  We will remember.
The time has come for the Republican Senate to demand a special prosecutor to investigate the corruption of the Obama administration.  Now !
Wow! If idid one task a day at my job, I'd be fired.
How dare you advance her as Associate #AG without following process? Don't trust u or anyone else in @GOP. #SpecialProsecutorNow
Hundreds of these appointments exist without nominees.  Why celebrate the lack of applications, vetting by @POTUS?
Kentuckians, you still like this guy? He dismisses treason by Traitor Trump as "drama".
And then you take another 11 day recess...less time off more time working for us please
I hope you get pancreatitis
DON'T NEED HIM. @GOP IS OVER. IT'S A FAMILY THING YA KNOW?
@realDonaldTrump 
Welcoming them to the Fascist regime eh comrad? What's in you/your wife's dossier? How's the pocket lining sellout ASSWIPE
and now a special counsel, turtle
You should have NEVER approved Sessions as AG. I no longer trust you or GOP
Ur all so corrupt. I can't wait to see what ur going to do to Trump when ur ready to move on.
And tomorrow will you start trial for treason for WH ?  When will you really LEAD? Will you obstruct this like you did everything O
I do not trust you
It's a disgrace that y'all have not gotten Trumps cabinet confirmed. Just another action u working against the people and for ur donors
You need to work on advancing the issue that #TrumpRussia is causing.
Deflection by a crooked Congress. Do your job you crooks #impeach #russia #treason #collusion @seanhannity @SenMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @cnn
You want less drama in the WH- do your f*cking job and IMPEACH! Or are you also a colluding traitor? Guess we will know when FBI arrests. 
Open hearing testimony from Comey now. He's willing to testify in open hearing. Repubs won't let him. They'd rather protect Traitor Trump.
About time.  You all ought to be ashamed of allowing the Dems to sabotage this administration by refusing to confirm its staff.
And tomorrow the country will continue its spiral around the toilet bowl.
Congratulations...how long did this one take to get approved?...Advance Ms. Brand?..is this a chess game? It's like pulling teeth to approve
The Repubs are cover up for an unhinged Putin wannabe. Traitor Trump colludes,obstructs, leaks,threatens,lies,launders  and Repubs fiddle.
Mitch on colluding, obstructing, leaking, threatening by Traitor Trump -Mitch calls it "drama". Really? NO. A bad hair day is drama.OLD FOOL
The republican agenda is dead on the vine & you can thank Trump for that! Impeach now & get the show back on the road!
Prove that you are an American Patriot or go down with great shame and disgrace.
. Now it appears you are not willing to fight for the United States of America.  It appears you are on Putin's team.
Are we going to end up hearing Repubs using Putin's "transcripts" to defend Traitor Trump? Wouldn't surprise me.I can't wait!Sellouts to USA
History will remember U as fully complicit in the corruption and dishonesty that wounded, or killed, what the Founders began.
EVERYONE is watching. Gee, ya gonna let Putin help Repubs out again? He offered this morning. You probably believe him more than Comey. SAD.
If you continue to deny facts+ do not protect Nation from Russian assets in our White House we hold you responsible.
I'm seriously beginning to wonder if Establishment GOP, McConnell, McCain, Garaham, Sasse aren't working with Dems to bring Trump down
The White House is on fire, Mitch.  Yeah, you decided to destroy democracy because a black man became President.  You are a traitor to USA.
Way to major in the minors
Hey Mitch you need to get your Senate investigation into Traitor Trump moving. Really sad you are choosing a traitor over your country.
Intelligent patriotic Americans hold you- GOP accountable for failure to protect Democracy from Russian attack/assets.
Duty. Honor. Country. #impeachtump, #trumprussia #republicantraitors
You think there is ANYTHING on your agenda for the rest of the year besides atoning for November 8th?! Think again. THINK. AGAIN.
Divert
Keep trying this shit until you go down, Mitch
You are Anti-American
How can you talk about anything but #ImpeachTrump
#TRAITOR
Keep deflecting while you and your sniveling co-cowards in the @GOP refuse to do anything about the mentally ill traitor in the WH.  #Shame
RUSSIA, MORON
You shouldnt be allowed to do anything right now
I despise you for using Trump, regardless of how unfit he is to serve, to further your own greedy and self-serving agenda.
REMINDER: Your President's always the dumbest motherfucker in the room #Trump#ImpeachTrump http://impeachtrump.com 
Breaking from WaPo: Trump also offered the Russians his email password but they had already guessed it was "password." McMaster denied it. 
Do your job ahole.  We want an independent investigator. What are you hiding?  Scared too?  #TrumpRussia
Looks like you're going down with the Trump ship. Sure you don't still want to try to jump off?
You're a waste of air.
Please put a stop to this crazy Democrats trying to drive this new narrative. No proof, No evidence. Special counsel, just to slow him down.
Independent Investigation Now !!!
Impeach this president
Trump/Russia dick weed. We aren't going to forget. Stop the collusion now!
YESTERDAY, news broke that Comey kept records of Trump's possible Obstruction of Justice, this could be evidence.  DO YOUR JOB SENATOR!
Given this pace it will take ALL year to confirm next 200 nominees #tcot @GOP @NRSC #senateDemObstruction @OANN @foxnewspolitics @DRUDGE
Who the hell cares! #TrumpRussiaInvestigation should be ur priority. Country before party!
Open your mouth and get behind our POTUS!!
Could you be part of a plot to grab control of our government by the Russians; this seems to be the last thing on your mind;
DO YOUR FRICKING JOB! #IndependentCommission & #SpecialProsecutor #TrumpRussiaCollusion #WHCoverUp #CrookedGOP
Thanks and super success

You need to address WH scandal and act. All you are doing rt now is proving your love for power is far greater than love of country
OK, my guesses: she doesn't believe in civil rights law, recommends the death penalty for marijuana, sued the DOJ multiple times.
Russia?
Trump-Tell lie -Make it big-Keep saying it-Eventually they will believe it-"Hitler" #TrumpDictatorship #trumpgate2017 take care of the WH
Pay no attention to the #Russian behind the curtain
Keep on with the agenda!
@BretBaier Great to see someone in Congress focused on their job & not MSM madness. Thank you.
Can't wait 2 VOTE you out in 2018. Long overdue 4 Kentucky Mitch
Damn. Well I will be there 2 VOTE him out.
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW #TrumpRussia #SpecialProsecutor #Impeach
Please continue to stand by our President Trump and #MAGA.  He loves our Country and the people!
Your silence on the Russian investigation and President's obstruction of justice is loud and clear.  Pretend it's about Hillary Clinton!!!!
Continue in our prayers for you, always reminded what is written overy head, "In God we Trust, don" forget.
We expect you to stand with our President and work WITH him for us voters! Stop the BS sedition!
You are a coward. America needs leaders.
WHY is it taking this long to get our administration for our president?! Shame on ALL you! Stand up for us or get out!
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
You #TreasonousPOS You ARE #GoingDown with the rest of the rats @PRyan @jasoninthehouse @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Mitch you're a horrible person. You've let down America.
TODAY IMPECHMENT .... Right?
Why don't you pay attention to the DESTRUCTION your President is doing to this country?
WHY IS ALL THIS CONFIRMING TAKING SOOOO LONG. WE THE PEOPLE EXPECT BETTER OF US SENATE!!
Better slow your roll there turtle
Mitch, stay on track!  We need  Obama holdovers out, they are controlling  liberal press with fake news reports. Great progress not reported
Tomorrow, we ignore whatever abuse of power @realDonaldTrump has in store for @today. #trumpgate #comeadeTrump #TRUMPUTIN
Resign. #GOPobstruction
Stop deflecting!!! Take care of that problem in the WH. We'll take care of you in #2018!!!!!!!!
Today you'll be waiting for another Trump bombshell to drop. You don't fool me.  I bet he occupies every moment of your day. Make it stop
when are they going to confirm you as the official White House Turkey?
Tomorrow, your indictment is unsealed. Good times.
What abt Putin? U got a special job for him!?
How about you step up and talk about what YOUR @POTUS is doing to our democracy. You are old enough to be able to see what he is doing.
Your coke-smuggling wifey needed a deputy, huh?
Know what? Even if it is just a wild rumor, this asshole has it coming after what he and his ppl been advancing the last 8 years.
Really this is your focus?  Do you even know what LEADER means?  LEAD jackass!
And next week you will be all hauled off to jail 
@JoeNBC @CNNPolitics Leader fiddling while GOP burns down.
Mitch McConnell: YOU HAVE NO BACKBONE (literally); YOU are putting your party OVER your country! YOU ARE NOT PATRIOTIC! You'll be voted out!

Traitor!
Quid pro quo?
Grow a pair! #PoliticalCoward
Deal with the criminals in your midst!
U must have these on auto post
Business as usual while the president sets the place on fire?
Hey Hardcore Mitch. I see its business as usual. I hope you're secretly getting to the bottom of this mess. Fight for the USA as you fight
Piss off you piece of sh*t
Nero fiddles as Rome burns
when is the Senate going to demand an #IndependentInvestigation into #TrumpRussia 4 the sake of our national security?
Ха-ха-ха, отличная работа, путь #MAGA
Oh my sugah! You sure are good at pretendin! You remind of of Scarlet O'Hara when the Yankees were comin.
I see nothing. I hear nothing...
You have brought such shame on this country with your greed for power and dark money and you have no shame
@jasoninthehouse @SpeakerRyan OBAMA revealed a CIA agent in Afghanistan & crickets from Republicans & MSM! Now we have this double standard!
And then right after that, you'll talk about impeachment proceedings, right? Right?
You should have no other business but appointing a special prosecutor to write the wrongs your party has inflicted on the country. Coward!!
Fight back and support your party leader now please.
You do know Trump is about to be impeached, right?
Rot in hell asshole
Do what's right for USA. Impeach/Imprison.
The GOP are going to be held responsible for the delusional, vile, treasonous and inhuman miscreant holding office today
We will celebrate when you're sent packing for being a traitor to The Constitution
The GOP have shown they care more about loyalty to a weak and mentally unstable individual than their own principles, or even the law.
How about stopping the advancement of idiocy in the WH? Not as long as you can push your agenda, right Mitchocrite?
wow, putting in some real overtime aren't you
What about GOP Rep's BACKING THEIR PRESIDENT? Where is their vocal support? You either get things done with Trump or you lose Midterms !
Traitor
About time you put your big boy pants on...
Your problem is @realDonaldTrump - BE A MAN AND DO SOMETHING!!!  Otherwise you will go down in history as complicit.  Is he worth it?
I had been wondering why I was so disturbed by you and your words last 10 years. Then the answer was simple. You are a weak leader.
Just more swamp things to get removed when this admin madness comes to an end w/ impeachment & elections.
You are gonna down, you corrupt stooge. #ComeyMemo #DitchMitch #PartyBeforeCountry #Unqualifiedwife @SecElaineChao

I hope you R's stand by the presidency and stop the dems from destroying the republic with false claims.
Why is it you are totally ignoring #RussiaGate. Is it because you are #Complicit ? More people now want a spc prosecutor & yet you don't act
Impeach Trump and save our democracy. Don't hide from this . Country over party. Please
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW #trumprussia #SpecialProsecutor #resist
Mother of God.  You're all going down with this ship, dude.
Independent investigation!!!
While you're at it can you advance yourself out of Washington? #FakeLeader #CorruptAsAfuck
