You mean like women?  LGBT? the disabled? Immigrants? workers? truckers in freezing weather with no brakes? Looking forward 2 reply.
He's not mainstream - but yes has widespread corporate support - just like you!
Merrick Garland. @POTUS under fed investigation. Need more?
You need to get POTUS under control.  His crazy ego will get us into WAR with North Korea
Your POTUS is polling at 35%. Shouldn't vote on any legislation or nominees until ind investigation into #Trumprussia complete.
#MerrickGarland
He's anti LGBT, anti women, anti health care for all. Merrill Garland didn't even get a hearing, why should we confirm Gorsuch???
Yes well YOU should have confirmed Merrick Garland, and as a #Mississippi voter I'll be sure to make my displeasure known next election.
Garland was a mainstream pick with extensive experience and support. Where were you then?
Merrick Garland.
Remember this Roger Wicker? We do! Your Senate republican majority leader Mitch McConnell said it and you said nothing. Party over country!
1) Not true. Look at his record. 2) Merrick Garland #NoOnGorsuch #NoNuclearOption
Mainstream in terms of support for corporations
Keep US out of North Korea.  Republicans can and must do more.
Keep US out of war.
You can't defend why Mississippi is the worst state in the nation. Why the hell would I care who your friends are? Your fault. Congrats fool
Merrick Garland.
Senate Reps refused to even give Judge Garland a hearing, so please spare us the righteous indignation
He's right wing pick w/widespread support among corporate & 1%.  This is 1 more time you're turning your back on MS & USA 4 other interests
Merrick Garland, you hypocrite. #MerrickGarland
#NoNuclearOption #NoOnGorsuch
Yay, so are you on board  with Republicans  this time? You said he was mainstream pick  but did not say he was your pick. He's  my pick
Nope! Hard right is more like it. Nothing about Gorsuch is mainstream.
Merrick Garland
Garland is mainstream. You are a hypocrite
#MerrickGarland
#Garland
None of these things are true.  Must be taking tweet lessons from Trump
Never forget this is a stolen seat. You were fine playing partisan games last year. #merrickgarland
He voted against a trucker who opted not to freeze to death. We need someone who knows when to  apply common sense.
Nope
Except for women.
Just like Garland.
Merrick Garland.
UMMM NO!!! You lost this argument when u all refused to even entertain Garland. I'm one Republican of many who are sick of the games!!! STOP
#MerrickGarland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Except his soon to be colleagues on SCOTUS just excoriated one of his rulings...they don't want another RW zombie like Thomas.
who is this "mainstream" you speak of. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland!!!!!!! Hypocrites!!!!!!!!!
#MERRICKGARLAND #MERRICKGARLAND #MERRICKGARLAND #MERRICKGARLAND #MERRICKGARLAND #MERRICKGARLAND #MERRICKGARLAND #LestYouForget
Ask a truck driver freezing to death if he agrees with your assessment.
Rhymes with Gerrick Marland. 
Merrick Garland
#Gorsuch has ruled against women’s & LGBTQ rights & sided w/ employers over employees and favored corporate interests over public interests
#MerrickGarland
No Senate should not.  #workersrights
"Mainstream'? No. Hard right. "Widespread support"? Hardly. Only among your caucus. Don't lie to your constituents, Senator. #NoGorsuch
SURE you said that about Garland. You forgot part where Gorsuch is GOP GOP pick. Ignore ties to dark money. Ignore anti-women. No thanks!
Garland should have been at least voted on and heard #FilibusterGorsuch
The Supreme Court is to huge to let Schumer push you guys around.
Hyper partisan @gop had poisoned the waters first. 
Impeachable #45 doesn't elicit confidence either
Precedent was established last year.  No nominees from an outgoing President!  #MAGA #DrainTheTrump #GOPTactics
