people, seriously? Do u really want govt to control ur healthcare? Go visit the VA system. They've stolen from SS for years!

Then why don't you work to expand Medicaid in Mississippi, Senator?  That would help tens of thousands of Mississippians.
https://twitter.com/dafriel/status/890811151583281152 …

No one believes your tripe.  Enjoy your remaining time in office.
GOP senators up for reelection in '18 who voted for #SkinnyRepeal:

Flake AZ
Wicker MS…
I live in your district and look forward to casting my vote against you.

What a collosal waste of time. @SenatorWicker is a #TrumpRepublican through and through. This is his legacy
If T-care bill was so good, why try to ram through in secrecy? How corrupt the GOP congress has become. No character or decency. Vile.
U should thank Mitch McConnell .best friend dems have
Until Mitch McConnell is removed..repeal won't happen
How about open hearings not just passing a bill to say you passed a bill.
You tried to destroy healthcare gains for party loyalty. NO Medicaid cuts, NO opting-out of EHBs, NO lifetime limits, NO out of pocket caps!
you should be ashamed. you know how many lives would be saved with expansion. vote you out in 2018
YES! You SHOULD deliver WHAT WAS PROMISED!! Nothing even CLOSE to that has been in a bill so far. You are either uninformed or a liar.
If replies to your tweet are at all representative of your constituents, be ready to lose you seat in 2018.  How about representing us?
Fewer would be hurting if, like better representatives, MS had expanded Medicaid when given the opportunity. Health care is a human right.
Those three brave  senators did what all of you should of done . You do not currently have a better plan. Work bipartisan to fix ACA
READ what Trump promised with Repeal & Replace! Lower premiums, insurance for ALL, NO pre-existing exemptions.NOTHING like that so far seen
Damn!  I know I've blocked half of Mississippi, but from the looks of it, you HAVE NO SUPPORT from your constituents.
So what's next? I called your office this morning to pose that question, and no one there could speak intelligently about the issue. Sad.
Supporting T-care was a deplorable decision -- millions would lose coverage. GOP doesn't care; chooses party over people every time. Shame.
Just saw AG session describe Trump as a strong leader, I counter with strong personality. He exeibits 0 traits of military leadership.
Straight repeal! Ousting you in 2018!
Obamacare saves lives.
No it doesn't. It's dying under its own weight. Deductibles and premiums are out of reach for most people
Why don't you start being a moral person and doing what's right instead of voting party lines and helping out rich friends.
Laughing. You think the MINORITY is supposed to lead now that your vicious bill went up in flames. You're a Trump EMPLOYEE, not a senator.
Thank God for the three Republicans who voted their consciences and not what the party told them to do. Wish my Sen. Had been one of them.
ACA. The votes against it for the last 8 years allowed nothing to be done to fix it. ACA implosion is REPUBLICANs fault......
We should have the same insurance as Congress!
HA HA!! You made a promise no one asked for!!
So glad your idiotic bill failed.  My hope is that you get a "skinny" vote tally when elections roll around.  I will remember your vote!
Plenty of people are benefiting from Obamacare too.
No one in MS is hurting from Ocare you fool!! Get out and talk to your constituents!! You let us down and we won't forget!
you embark on voyage of vanity rooted in hatred&sponsored by a strange man called @realDonaldTrump .Time is a judge
the ideal is to make a research case out of the whole anger against Obamacare&empirically feel impulses of d people
you virtually made dreadful monster out of @BarackObama just coz he is a black man&next u turn 2 uproot his legacies
This whole process was disgraceful!
Then quit doing everything the Rs attacked the Ds for. Do your job, go back to regular order, and come up with something that works!
Very disappointed. Seven years to figure something out. No senator or congressman deserves a break until this is fixed.
Wrong!!  Fix it. Many, many people also benefited from it. Shame on you
#SinglePayer is inevitable. The stagnation of ideas to produce anything better is more than obvious.
If I had to chose between paying more for insurance or dying with no insurance, guess which one I'd pick?
At least your health Care will cover the medicine needed for your mental instability. @GOP are a bunch of racist cowards.

How about those who will be hurting when we lose our health care? Little kids on insulin? Grandma in the nursing home? Vote NO on repeal!
No one is hurting from it, except for those in states who can't access it like HERE IN MISSISSIPPI.
#SAVEACA #NOREPEAL #Savelives #SaveMedicaid
Shame on you. Party over people. The voters will not forget.
We are all watching this tonight and will not forget your cruelty.
My family's premiums will rise 20%. We pay taxes, own a business, and are solid middle class. You're going to lose your job, sir.
Seriously? Again? Didn't we have this discussion already?? We are telling you NO WE DO NOT SUPPORT THIS BILL!! Stop with the bullshit man.
In case u didn't know, u are supposed to vote HOW WE WANT!! U serve the PEOPLE not the GOP, the president, or the insurance companies. US!!!
I won't watch you, listen to you, or vote for you. I will, however, campaign against you. Party is all that matters to you, not people.
You screwed the American public so that your rich friends could get a tax break. Shame on you. Take this to your grave. #Corrupt
Freelance Mississippian here. Vote no. Please fix in a better way.
Shame!
What about the people you are about to hurt? Mississippi is the last place that needs to lose health insurance.
How can you so blatantly lie? Mississippians are going to be hurt: By your vote. MS is my homestate but I'm glad to live elsewhere now.
History will remember you very poorly.
This whole process has been an unprofessional hack job. I expected better of veteran Senators. Outraged and determined/ 2018.
Now you decide to say something about healthcare on Twitter instead of face to face town hall meetings.
On a serious note, maybe it's time to let that campaign promise go and do what's actually right for Miss., for people who need healthcare.
Why not give it the time and consideration this problem requires? Why a midnight vote on a shabby, irresponsible bill?
If you love Oklahoma so much, why don't you move there? Don't worry. We'll find a replacement for you. Need help packing?
We know you ran when asked about this awful bill. Vote no. Stand up to Trump and help our state.
Also, I'd like for you to give me back 11:44 for the pain of watching that video. You said nothing useful or constructive. Just wasted time.

Hey! Are you really going to be moving around the state and talking to people?!? Details, please!
By passing more Garbage? No Trumpcare is same garbage as Obamacare
If you care for your constituents VOTE NO.
yay, raising premiums and reducing coverage. you're a hero.
Shame on you Roger. #HealthCareIsARight
You are a liar. And you should be ashamed.
Sham process. Awful bill. Despicable.
Suffering is from a distinct lack of cooperation & compromise. All because 535 people won't work together 2 fix ACA. Epic fail Congress 🖓🖓🖓🖓
I promise you destroying Medicaid was not what people asked for. If you support destroying Medicaid this will be your last term unless!
This is not what anyone wants and you know it, you coward.
Dear Mississippians cuts to Medicaid will hurt our Grandparents.Sen Wicker is lying. ONLY happy when the Medicaid portion is removed!
FYI we are not stupid! Medicaid cannot be touched or many elderly people will die with the cuts. I will make it my mission to send you home.
Please listen to the many Americans who will be harmed by passage of the Skinny Bill. Let's work together to make ACA better.
This is repugnant and threatens the wellbeing of the people of this state. You are bad for this state. And you should be ashamed for this.
Did you tell your constituents that the bill cuts Medicaid to the point that the elderly in nursing homes will harmed as well as babies.
what ever is done - free enterprise - private sector must be the BOSS
Coward
This bill doesn't improve anything...ask Blue Cross Blue Shield ask AMA ask AARP...wait U can't U are rushing to vote without being informed
Many are helped by the #ACA . Many of your constituents. Get off this false GOP narrative.
Then we should be able to vote to take away your healthcare! #KillTheBill not us!
Adios
I find it amazing polititians lying constantly and repealing ACA is the one they try to keep.
who are those in need of relief?
Hurting from Ocare is relative, money  out of your pocket is different that being dead. Repealing will KILL people.
Hitting them with a hammer would be more effective than your terrible plans.
Wrong, Senator. Mississippians will remember you poorly.
A fair legislative process imbues the final result with democratic legitimacy, while an unfair process corrodes the institution.
Or pull your heads out of your asses and listen to the overwhelming call of your constituents to not.
