Beautiful! We stand with you! 
Thank God
you drinking again?  
Can we stop giving them billions of US money now? @VP @GOP @netanyahu @WhiteHouse
@tommechler @netanyahu @WhiteHouse You had me until you used the word proud when referencing buffoon prez. Please! We aren't idiots.
Mike. You're not ready for Israel. Start with Swedem. Mr. Trump says they need help. Please cut back on the lies.

PRESIDENT PENCE.
can we start pence's impeachment yet
can't start by you keep your mouth shut
Elbert you must be a big fan of the Russians
How did find out Comrade
Russian Twitter accounts provided a commentary of Lavrov's meeting with Trump in the Oval Office, while U.S. press was kept out of meeting.

You're all promoting terrorism with US&Isreals policies!When will you understand that yall are constantly provoking terrorism

You guys really make me feel good about our country, keep up the good work. A friend from Tn.
I believe you knew about Flynn all along...you don't fool me or most of the American people. Corruption in the WH
LOL snowflake, no evidence of any wrong. Keep believing CNN and the NYT
Yeah, everyone else is wrong but FOX?  LOL  Even they are coming around!
Everyone else is speculating. all Flynn did was make phone calls. No transcript released
I will remind u w/ a retweet of how naïve u r when transcript is released. But u will call it fake 2
Exactly what is it u think Flynn did  that was wrong
Are u seriously blind and deaf? I don't have time to explain treason to you.
This whole thing reminds me of Ollie North and the Reagan era.  They even look similar.
WE HAD A DICTATOR, OBAMA. WHO WANTED TO TAKE AWAY  1ST AND 2ND AMENDMENT. NOW, WE'RE FREE AT LAST
can we get rid of daylight savings time it's pointless
We love that our President and Vice President standing in solidarity with Israel.
Sha'alu shalom Yerushalayim!! Pray for “complete” peace for Jerusalem!! #Yeshua #ccot #tcot #Liberty
God bless Israel 
how the hell can you say this as Israelis are EXPELLING our fellow CHRISTIANS from historical Palestine?
Because God said He wd bless the nations that bless Israel. Gen 12. So I say God bless Israel. Th@s how the hell.
There is neither Jew nor Gentile, neither slave nor free, nor is there male and female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus
Galations 3:28. FAR more relevant than something from Genesis.
Godgave Israel to the Jews. The JEWS.
BB
As #NeverTrump predicted,Trump camp in constant contact w/ Russian officials is y he defended Russia on hacking
@VP We must see his taxes

I heard a great place to discuss National Security issues and discuss top secret documents was in the State Fair.
it's about time bibi is treated with respect and compassion 8 yrs of abuse is over
biggest bunch of hogwash yet... keep crying we will keep winning
I don't care who you voted for... Israel is an ally Palestine is not
A very good comment sir, I agree 100%
Watching PM @netanyahu & @POTUS today, brought me to tears! What a great meeting! #PrayForJerusalem
the Christians of historical Palestine are being wiped out by the Israelis.
There's no such thing as a Palestinian. They ALL are something else. Greeks Armenians, Georgians, Egyptians, and Syrians.
well there people. But there are definitely Palestinians! How dare you. SHAME!
No they aren't. There's no such thing. They all come from some main group from other nationalities. Sorry but true
@GOP @netanyahu @WhiteHouse WE KNOW ISRAEL. IS INTENTIONALLY STARTING STUFF IN THE MIDDLE EAST. SO #LYINGTRUMP CAN "GET THAT OIL"
http://www.cnn.com/2017/02/14/politics/russia-cruise-missile-spy-ship/index.html?sr=twCNN021517russia-cruise-missile-spy-ship0212PMVODtopLink&linkId=34525242 … THE PRESIDENT AND GOP ARE #PUTINSPUPPETS AND A SPY SHIP SHOWS UP. WHY ARE YOU
NOT SAYING ANYTHING! OH! Putin has somthing on you. GOTCHA! ENJOY JAIL #PUTINGATE
#TheResistance won't stop untill every single person that colluded is in jail! #LOCKTHEMALLUP #IMPEACHTRUMP
@GOP @netanyahu @WhiteHouse CUT ANY AID TO ISRAEL UNTIL THEY QUIT BUILDING NEW SETTLEMENTS. THEY ARE A LEACH, NOTHING MORE!
BRAVO!
add my voice to those Americans who are so proud to #StandWithIsrael. Millions of us praying ! Baruch HaShem!
clowns. how many decades of American policy went down the drain with the one or two state I don't care solution?
.@VP @GOP @netanyahu @WhiteHouse NO! He is a cruel and hateful leader whose policies cause our country much grief. His aggression must stop!
I need a big brother @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
awesome Mr vice president you are to cool
Thank you to our president and his team. God bless them and America and us all!
He's illegally building in the settlements. Where's your outrage now?
always knew you were the right person for the job as Vice President God Bless
Pence had  lowest approval as Gov. in his State.,but he is only sane voice in WH  Rest are liars Russian plants
6/10
@StateDept @netanyahu @WhiteHouse alright,way to go Vice President Pence
Solo, more settlement? More land seizure? Think that'll bring peace VP? Are you just waiting for Armageddon?
@CleverFounder @netanyahu @WhiteHouse this warms my heart.
Would like to say what a wonderful, loyal partner to @Potus you are- glad he has you at his back w/your integrity & honor.
so happy to hear this! Must back the holy Land of Israel.
.@VP .@netanyahu .@WhiteHouse 
Sorry but the vast majority of American jews still find you, Bibi, & Herr Drumpf REPULSIVE!
Big League and who cares who stay in settlement they're been there give them a house and protect them
nice he let you in the room. If you had any integrity you would resign!
The US showing their support for a Terrorist State that won't be happy until Palestine is completely annexed.

Now THAT'S Hope and Change @VP @netanyahu @WhiteHouse
God bless you vice president Pence thank you so much you are wonderful person For help tackling this mess also GB
thank you so much VP Pence you are greatly appreciated for being there for the PRES and US piss ants on the farm
stay calm and please work on peace
@KB5Patriot @netanyahu @WhiteHouse 
Pence who was left in the dark for 2 weeks now has his nose back up Trumps ass
#hilarious
@clarinetwoman2 @netanyahu @WhiteHouse did you know mr. VP that there is 51% women in israel? Why non of them are in the picture?
do not support violence---Typo, excuse me.
We are a peaceful people that do support violence against anyone. We support Israel, but they have not been fair
Thank you in advance Mr. Vice President. Thank you for looking into this very emotional & devastating tragedy.
Her name: Toveet Radcliffe. She was an ally of Israel.Loved the Jewish people. All we ask, is fairness in return.
An American citizen that loved Israel, yet she died on IDF base. PLEASE use influence to ask for investigation.
Honorable Vice President, we also commend the new relationship. Mr. Vice President, I humbly ask you to mention.
Proud?  Proud of your partnership with Trump. Have you thought about your legacy? Give your head a shake.
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/VP/status/831941212097675266 … (Ranked 1st for Feb 15.)
God bless Israel. God Bless Trump and Pence.
its about time!!
. Trump doesn't even stand in solidarity. He just said whatever they decide he is good with that. Idiot!!!!
Any mention of Christ Jesus as the only friend Israel needs? Or do BiBi have disregard for Jesus, the Son of God?
Well done to our President and Vice President. It's nice to see us standing up for ourselves again.
Yet... POTUS feels a need to talk about his great Electoral College win instead of addressing antisemitism.  
Israel will never be an ally. What's the exchanged benefit. They take money and blind support. They give __? Shit
I do not stand with an occupier who has violated every basic human right known to man and then preach democracy
speak for yourself. most of us do NOT support genocide
RESPECT! 
Tell ur lying boss disclose his taxes as promised repeatedly on the campaign. What are his Russian connections?
U mean he let U sit in. How special. U must be so proud
@GOP @netanyahu @WhiteHouse Too bad your boss can't even answer a question.  Smh
Resign and save your soul. It is never too late for redemption
no we don't. Israel are cowards hiding behind our skirts, they are terrorists, killers, selfish fools. Eff Israel
@GOP @netanyahu @WhiteHouse keep your messianic end times wet dream bs for your own bible thumping kind.
@GranolaGrammy @netanyahu @WhiteHouse  agree 100% Welcome Prime Minister Netanyahu! 
O dikwa egwu
PHONY EVANGELICALIST !!!
such a good little puppet
You are all evil people.
-  America,  Israel and India 's close Association will come as a great block for  terrorism and all can benefit
SOLIDARITY WITH ISRAEL AND BIAFRA.
, your a fake
is that true if the make a mistake and mislead you .... reinstate Flynn and shake up media/left. Make them prove
God bless president Trump and his administration
and the 2nd coming.
Alt-Reich heads explode..
I'm in Baghdad now preparing to vanish American embassy in green zone then nice hits will damage Tel Aviv salwan
@TasmarazTas @netanyahu @WhiteHouse 

just a tee moment, as by 'birthday' 
We cherish Prime MinisterNetanyahu! He loves us, and we love HIM!
No comment...
Beautiful picture - and a beautiful friendship!
GOD WILL ALWAYS BLESS THOSE WHO BLESS ISRAEL AND CURSE THOSE WHO CURSE ISRAEL. THANKS FOR LOVING ISRAEL.
we're peace loving people,we hate killings in the world at large,in Nigeria we found out salves, advantage of our lovelife is to kill us
Biafrans are Jews and destined Almighty Yaweh to exist like others,we're part of Israel, all Biafrans is Christians and jews,love peace
I pray that the good lord of host yaweh Joshua will give you Wisdom as you will embark into this Devin project, strength shall be yours
discuss Biafra, discuss freedom of Nnamdi Kanu and other ipob members in secret Nigerian cells, killings of biafrans is getting so much
biafrans voted 100./' for you and Trump, we campaign for you and Nigerian govt for Hillary Clinton, don't turn your back on us
great respect to you my VP, pls help us to solicit for biafran independence,we celebrated your winning and Nigerian govnt shoot us dead
nice guys,,,we the indigenous people of bIafra is standing with you,, And we wAnt the recognition of USA nd UN to an independent entity

israel is the Safe place to Christianity in the all crazy Middle East ! Democratic  to all religions
America primnister is not good he is not lick primineter
did he do that dooshbag, wannabe tough guy, jerky handshake thing? How do you deal with the  nonstop humiliation?
@AIPAC @netanyahu @WhiteHouse God Bless America God Bless Israel 
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
Amen, praise God for Israel and America  finally being reunited. GOD BLESS OUR TWO NATIONS.
Curious what Bibi thinks of @realDonaldTrump pick for US Ambassador to Israel?
@StateDept @netanyahu @WhiteHouse Stop the settlements Bibe, stop stealin Palestinian land! BDS
@aipac your not in the loop VP
@StateDept @netanyahu @WhiteHouse Israel takes billions of tax payer $$ in aid each yr 3 billion for 2017. Would buy alot of healthcare
thanks friends
Thank you, Vice President Pence for your gracious reception of the Prime Minister and Mrs. Netanyahu.
.@VP @netanyahu @WhiteHouse No women again

You lost me at "proud to join POTUS". How could you possibly be proud to work with a man-child like @realdonaldtrump.
Agreed. We stand with Israel.
I'm pro Trump  all the way, please stop all this . Come  on pull it together. The  media is trying to  get us.
tt.
All thing  stuff that is going on in the White House, Russia , is scaring  your middle class that voted for you.
@StateDept @netanyahu @WhiteHouse Do you or the President know how to use a coaster?  Don't care not.my furniture
how do you trust these people who kept you in dark. You are still in the dark, Why? Resign or your future political career will be over
...and Russia. Don't forget how hardcore you stand in solidarity with Russia. #ImpeachTrump #resist
UNLIKE THE "SPONSOR OF TERRORISM" OBAMAS TREATMENT OF ISREAL...FRKN TRAITOR!
looks like Netanyahu just got the great negotiator Trump to give him all new weapon systems for free?
ברוכים הבאים לארצות הברית של אמריקה!
VP Pence, when it comes your time, we would like to see you run for President! Stand tough against the liberals.
We love Israel!
@DoNotForget911 @netanyahu @WhiteHouse united we stand with Israel!!
they are such a good pair!
3 stooges, 2 under investigation.BN a terrorist who wants 2 steal more land DT a "compromised" racist pos #Losers
...We owe them a great debt...Romans... Salvation is of the Jews...Jesus
please issue a strong statement of support for General Flynn
how about u defend sovereignty in the United States
keep it all together,thank you
- you're a cherished deuche not in a lying administration.
I hope 2018 is a better year and 2020 you two are out
You and POTUS aligned on Russia?
POTUS: After Election I will....
MEDVEDEV: Mr Pres. I will transmit this to Vlad

MSM Outrage VIDEO
http://abcnews.go.com/video/embed?id=16002162 …
Thank G-d obama and crew are out of office and we have real human beings in the White House.
It is really good to see"Bibi"smiling & confident in his true ally.He was treated shamefully by O.
That is so true, Aunt Ro.  Obama's behavior toward PM Netanyahu is unforgivable.
thank you Mr VP for standing with Israel!  We love Israel.  God bless you!
......our country is so full of liers, cheats, dillusional whack jobs its sad....these fruit loops need jail time
Thank you for your service I'm Jewish and appreciate all the support America give Israel
Guessing POTUS let U know he was visiting. How's life as a mushroom on the important stuff.
...we that voted for you sure hope you do the right thing and stand with Israel
it's about time simple reasoning came to the WH
Are you sure?
I cannot stand seeing Reince Priebus in that room. Is he trustworthy? I don't think so........
@karenmcallier @netanyahu @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Time to start charging treason to those trying to over throw the Government!
@EddieQueener @netanyahu @WhiteHouse this is how it should be!
Wonderful to see a brighter future in our relationship w/Israel.
As a Judea-Christian nation we
#StandWithIsrael
we're still with you and will be. God bless America and God bless Israel
Pence alos vouched for Flynn's truthfulness. Shows what he knows.
all you racist antisemetics gonna talk with Bibi? Hopefully he'll see right through you!
investigate the Russian connections!!!!
why was Trump involved with the Russians?
amen 
let's turn everything Obamas did  to turn thus country into a nightmare and keep the away from our current Gov.
America stands in solidarity in resisting against ur dangerous, incompetent, hypocritical, pathetic admin
Pence get ready you'll be in trumps seat by next year
Agreed
Why are jews Democrats? I asked one who said, "Because we want to be kind to people." What th...? And less gov?
you should do the talking for him too
surprised they told you about it!

How does it feel getting played over and over again?
The prime minister ws 1 happy man Jan 20 2017 &it showed today! At least he knows w/o a doubt America is his ally
Can we ask Israel to rid America of Libtards?? 
