If your argument is that premiums increased, the CBO has scored the "skinny repeal." Premiums will increase 20%.
Yes. Your constituents are well aware of your vote to kill us by taking away protections for preexisting conditions, adding annual and ...
... lifetime caps, and raising premiums through the roof for people over 50 years old. We are WELL aware, Roger. #PrimaryThisAsshole
Go back to smoking what it was you were smoking. I'm old enough to remember quality healthcare. There was very little government paying...
From your photo, I'd guess we're about the same age. I'm self-employed, which made pre-ACA insurance very expensive (when it was offered).
So before we start a debate, let's make sure we're comparing apples to apples. Are you saying you were pleased with the individual market..
prior to ACA? Nice river background photo, btw.
Self-emp MS small biz owner. Individ mkt. prems for comp coverage (w/o LT cap) are HALF Pre-ACA. Will be > mortgage w/o it. Any suggestions?
Right now? Keep calling your senators. Even if you think they won't care. Later? Consider Canada.
This is good! Obama Care is not working. There are people in MS that only care about themselves. I know you can do better for America.
When can we open the floor for debate on fully funding education in Mississippi?
Yes, Jesus is proud.. when I think what He would do, it would be vote like you. Digusting & disgraceful. 
Only FULL REPEAL will earn my vote. Stop regulating my doctors, drugs and subsidies to HC companies. Free market gives the most choice < $$$
Free market is about profit.
Life is about profit. Be honest, you like to profit too. Competition is what keeps profit within reason. Free market means more competition.
You are sorta correct I remember all of the free market profit going on in 2006-2008 in the housing market and that ended so well for my401k
The same is going to happen to healthcare.
Keep up the fight to end ACA.

MS has horrible health data, what have you proposed to help ALL MS residents?
Government, even MS government, is the reason for this. Regulations prevent competition.
Same ole tired argument...there are many reasons, the inaction of govt is but one
I hear words but no facts to back up what you were saying.
And your facts are where? Fact:MS leads in poverty, Fact:MS leads as worst for child health, Fact:pre x cond are real
I hope you are backing Trump right now!
Senators Collins & Murkowski have more courage than rest of their Republican colleagues combined. They know a bad bill when they see one.
As women, they speak on behalf of women, mothers w/children, for human beings who desire a quality of life w/o financial worries.
I'm sure your constituents will be full of thanks in future. But you're not worried, you have gov't funded health care.
As a Mississippi voter I do not support your vote against ACA.
Please rescind this mess. I thank you for voting to repeal it.
You neglect to mention that while premiums increased, those plans had increased benefits and significantly lower deductibles
ACA was just the opposite. Let's be truthful. Data clearly proves ACA more costly for most Americans with few benefits. I'm seeing this now.
You can't fix crony capitalism with less regulation and more capitalism. Who's the cop on the beat? We don't elect healthcare execs.
You think government is a good cop?! You think an FDA led by former drug company executives is looking out for you? You're high on Kool-Aid.
Government run by crony capitalists definitely makes for a bad cop.
Less government and let free market competition hold companies in abeyance. Just look at what free market is doing with organic foods.
The "free market" is just as capable of enslaving us are governments.
Do you even know what a free market is? The United States hasn't had a true free market for over a century.

I wish you had Mississippians in mind when you made this vote. We need the mandates and tax breaks more than any other state.
Do you know how many people this will affect in Mississippi??? Tragic!!!
Disagree
Seriously, if this was called Bushcare you would love it.
Boo HISS. Its easy for you. You & ur cronies don't have to worry about healthcare. Not so for most Mississippians.
Typical GOP yes man. You're only harming your constituents and we will remember this. You are part of the reason we're always on the bottom.
Thanks for voting for #Wealthcare @SenatorWicker Mississippians are going to remember this in elections to come. I hope you'll be ready.
Sad
Again, I will rally whomever I can to see you lose your seat.  Sell out.
Thank you for voting what your constituents wanted you to do and again, thank you, Senator.
How about not sticking people with a plan that is projected to result in $13,000 deductibles that even middle-class families cannot afford?
How about putting aside the HSA nonsense, knowing that many constituents cannot afford contributions that equal the costs of medical care?
How about working to fix the parts that aren't working, like trying to get more insurers into the state, rather than kicking people off?
Now get us a comprehensive health care plan! Don't listen to the talking point dims, then take on tax reform & build the barrier!! God Bless

A step closer to denying millions health insurance.  Not sure why you should be proud of that.
Thanks, Roger. My meds run $3700 per month. I'm on Medicare. The Patient Assistance Foundatiin that's been helping is cutting back already.
Shame on you!
So disappointed, don't count on MS Dems to help you in 2018 like we did for Thad!
Please keep up the good work! Your efforts will send me countless souls.  You will have every one of the thirty pieces of silver you are due
Shameful. I hope this vote haunts you for the rest of your life.
Did you see the bill WICKER?
This is who yall elected.
Your hurting our state. MS cannot afford these Senate plans
We will remember when it is Election time again.
It's not collapsing- it's being sabotaged.
Considering the people in your state have the lowest life expectancy because of poverty. Maybe you should #SaveACA.
Go back to Idaho. This is MIssissippi. Liberals always bring in carpetbaggers.
You voted to strip MS of Medicaid, the 2nd highest state w/people on Medicaid and deny millions access to healthcare and you brag about it
Like the short-sighted, greedy, idiot he is.
You don't even know which bill you are advancing, and @GOP #ACA repeal/replace efforts will hurt most vulnerable Mississippians!
Disgraceful.
Thank you for trying to improve the health care for all citizens.
Go for it. Since you're Class I, it will give many of us the privilege of voting you out of office soon, and very soon.
What kind of asshole cheerfully announces that he's helping to kick tens of thousands of his constituents off of their health insurance?
The kind that will get easily primaried in the next election.
America is voting to take your healthcare from you and your family. You don't deserve the taxpayer's money. #SaveACA
Shame on you. Mississippians will suffer as you feather your nest with the Republican Party. Hospitals will close.
You  will never get my vote again. Sell out to pad your pocket.  Shameful
What replacement did you offer sir? And how have you worked to have current admin to keep from undermining ACA further?
Obamacare is collapsing because Republicans are making it collapse. It's essentially the GOP plan from a few years ago.
Good job! You did what you were told. I'm sure you'll receive some Trump stars or whatever they give the best "company men."
You should not go any further. This is NOT a good thing for anyone but especially people is MS. You should remember who put u where u r.
In his mind, the "people" didn't put him in power. He was ordained by God.
Then it's time for him to go. We CANNOT let him continue down this road, it won't help MS it will make it worse.
Of course you did. Senator Wicker has always been a good do-boy, party-line-voting yes-man for the republican party.
Excellent
Market reforms, not gov't mandates. Repeal and Replace with plans that cross state lines. Competition lowers prices.
Irresponsible to abandon the thousands of Mississippians with disabilities, who were unable to purchase insurance before ACA.  Shameful.
Please do not repeal ACA. Please stop seeming so selfish and greedy.
it looks great that you'll vote on debate for something you've never seen.Totally a political vote. You don't care about your constituents.
Finally the Dems are going to be off the contributing Americans back
I have RA. I purchase my own insurance through my provider directly. Please don't take away my ability to buy insurance for my care. Please.
You sabotaged it. You could have worked across the aisle, and made something better, but instead you voted for the genocide of 23 million.
75% of those 23 mil will CHOOSE not to have healthcare! And Genocide? Give me a fucking break!
Triggered.
do you even know what that words means.. 
