Universal Healthcare. Let's catch up with the rest of the first and second world.
Are you going to pay for it?
Yes. We all will and it will cost us less on average too! That's how single payer works.
you can get your government run healthcare, I'll stick with private insurance thank you.
I sincerely hope you never get sick. You'll be ruined.
I have insurance and I pay for it. No one is paying it for me.
actually, every other person in your insurance pool helps pay for you
it doesn't work that way JACKASS
Now the time comes when you will run into a brick wall, with your GOP cronies, on this healthcare! Think you're mad now, just wait!
way to go!!!     Obamacare has all but ruined us financially.     Susan Dickie
Why do we have to purchase health insurance?   Shouldn't it be provided for us as citizens of the USA?
No.
why are Americans fine with paying for police/fire service/roads/school through taxation, but not healthcare?
because it works much better when it's not public.
that must be why the US healthcare system is the envy of the world 
It's much better than the english system, for sure.
#AffordableCareAct #ObamaCare #HealthInsurance
the time has come for u to quit!
how did you get this many likes?
.@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Selling across state lines will NOT make health insurance or care more affordable!
Did you even read the article? It says premiums will do down for healthy individuals. This article is all predictions not facts
more competition = lower prices, because if there is consumer surplus is in one industry then outsiders will look to get some too
Would there be lower premiums with only one provider in a state or 6 health providers? Pretty obvious but it may take you a while
Healthcare=LOCAL networks.InsCo don't want 2 spend time/money in other states.Already able:THEY don't want to do it!
the more populated states don't have multiple insurance providers to choose from, you left that out (probably on purpose)
do you mean a nation wide health care plan?
Well we definitely did not do good job of vetting you 
you want to give opus the freedom to choose insurance, then you should also live with what you make us take.
3 FBI investigations on the Russian collaboration.
AFFORDABLE! PLEASE....ITS HARD TO PAY OVER 100 DOLLARS A MONTH!
How is it constitutional that crossing state line ban came to be?
WHEN IF NOT NOW????
this promise isnt even in the draft if the bill. You didnt even try to keep your promise.
yes trump
Trump aide transports minor across state lines claiming that he "just wants to help her buy health insurance".
to quote an elderly clown #ItsComplicated
REPEAL O'care, then let insurance companies offer their services. Gov't stay out of health care. Maybe just oversight cmte.
btw, virtually all Americans live in the blast zone of a Russian warhead.
they cultivated you, and now here you are.
to purchased! There are Americans who can't purchase. You're not thinking about them, and that's why we're pissed.
Get a job.
Trumpcare will fail,then Trump will say "its Obama's fault."

yes
#GeneralClapper a previously #perjury engaging #scumbag from #Obama Scum Admin ripe w/ Tranny 1st Lady @POTUS @cnn @msnbc @abc @foxnews
@Morning_Joe = abject joke of show They ONLY scream at each other #leftwing propaganda it's laughable! @msnbc @nbcnews we  @POTUS #Trump
Watching the hack left-wing show @Morning_Joe TRUTH abt DC they R a group that want 2 tell rest of #USA what 2 think!  We  @POTUS #Trump!
@morning_Joe Tried 2 @MSNBC however it's #fake news constant bashing @POTUS by icky @mikasounds & #loser @Morning_Joe @NBC BLOWS
You mean @morningmika  not mikasounds
Yes and I hope republicans don't let you or us down.  Don't want Obam Care Light. Repeal
& Replace.
and COUNTRY lines
Please do not allow congress to give us the same old plan. We want the freedom to choose our own health care plan without govt. order
it's called The Affordable Healthcare Act. ♡President Obama♡ hooked us up with it,  you goon
REPEAL don't replace!!!!!
All for President Trump 5 principles on healthcare. Fake news doesn't report on millions who can't afford healthcare, above poverty!
yes, give us the choice of regulated insurance companies across state lines! I sent a mssg to our congress!
I live in MA and have NY insurance, I think you are a little late to the game

And hopefully not charged taxes at tax season ! B
Give then European style free healthcare
where is the replacement
health should not be purchased u dinosaur. superior nations have free medical. Free education. U.S. has pay me money to stay healthy
needs congress to pass a law that says that any health insurance policy offered to US government employees can be sold to US citizens
it needs to be affordable for everybody especially to seniors on limited income. Medicare needs to be fixed as well.
I fine that the Insurance Co & the Pharmacy tells the dr ? lab tests/ or tests & what drugs his or her patient can have--not right.
. I cannot wait, and for better dental plan's. Ye'haw!
NO! We will resist every stupid plan!
wonder if when you cross state lines if you can choose MA we Have Commonwealth Care - fees based on income
And the American people will pay the price of less than coverage. Using your only word--SAD
@CornflowerLane Yes, competition is good!
you're deluded
They have that. It's called Obamacare.
and we'll patiently wait * wait & wait while you figure that our. Don't forget it's going to be cheaper than Obamacare!
We need hospitals to publish prices so they compete with each other - not insurance companies
Free market will bring cost down
the amend obamacare to allow it to happen!
: Reform ACA!!!
yes
Absolutely.  TY POTUS
One of the few statements that come out of your asshole that I might actually agree with.
No more monopoly
make the congress, senate, and all of their staff, and government employees buy the Insurance we have to.
The "Freedom" to DIE. The "FREEDOM" to go Bankrupt. The "FREEDOM" to be ripped off by 'Big Pharm'. Trump doesn't give a rat's ass...
yes I am uninsured, $500./mo. $6,300.ded.bizarre, working 50-70hrs/wk.
@HugaDream really stupid ins ploy. Must deal with arbitrary, skyrocketing costs.
#TrumpisPutinsBitch
You have no clue. You are just enabling Insurance companies to further exploit and kill off sick folks to avoid them.
hopefully affordable for all types of household income.
Tell Paul Ryan
PS I'm in shock that one of our 2 main medical labs (Sonora Quest) dropped CIGNA, our states #1 healthcare provider (Arizona) !!!
Today I went to Sonora Quest lab. "As of today we no longer are contracted with your insurance (CIGNA the #1 provider in Arizona)."
Hi Maureen. Srry you've had trbl. I'd like to help you find in net labs in your area. Pls email me at LetUsHelpU@cigna.com. -CM
SO SHOW US THE DETAILS.  Oh, thats right, YOU CAN'T.
So Republicans suddenly are not concerned with state's rights?
hahahaha the "freedom to purchase" #missingthepoint
you're a nut case. We'll be at the mercy of the executives and end up paying for services we can't use!!!
Agreed! But I believe every American should be able to get healthCARE at a reasonable price!
Just having insurance doesn't assure a person can get healthcare when needed, consider VA and some Medicaid situations
they already have the "freedom to purchase it," the cost is often prohibitive!
This and fairy dust will make health care cheap and universal!
Yeah, for the rich people. The poor can go die I guess.
#showyourtaxes first!
.@POTUS Why would I want health insurance that doesn't cover any of the doctors where I live?
so why did the Republicans block this for 8 years? You feel now is the time? Maybe the time was 8 years ago? Where is the new plan?
we nd  to be certain all are covered by medi-cal etc and pre-existing conditions w/o insane markups are in the past! Maybe a lottery?
oh wait, I forgot! Everything you're doing is to make people sick so that they have to pay more through the Healthcare System, ops
put a maximum cap on how much the mark up can be from production costs. It's the same for other manufacturing industries
how about regulating medicine so they can't charge exorbitant prices, like almost every other good and service?
how about lowering health care cost all together?
can we have the freedom to choose NOT to purchase and pay out of pocket? For some of us young people that's the most economical way!
Insurance should not be based on geography.
So you'll demand states that opted out will participate?
we have the freedom to choose? I choose Universal Health Care as an option for ALL Americans!
I stopped paying my health plans.cost me almost 400 per month. My kids need to eat
which is why you are doing everything you can to destroy what little already exists and complaining it's 'complicated' 
Fluffy words that don't mean anything.
You pick the stupidest crap to champion.
Single Payer Universal Healthcare, a medicare for all is the answer. People who want to roll dice can still buy private insurance
Please resign.
Gee, that will only take YEARS to make work.  Unless plans offer same coverage in all states, comparing for value won't be possible
It will be a race to the bottom.
this will not solve the issue.  Talk to Rubio about the poison pill he put into legislation last year that crippled the ACA.
That was the key statement of the whole Ocare segment. Without this feature, no national insurance swill succeed.
states rights when you feel like it.
maybe  we can all quit working  and the government  can give us health care, food and housing  for free.
ok but what hospital networks will use them?  Think before you tweet Comrade.
please  tell why I should  pay for  your health  insurance .
this would solve many of the problems with health care over night. Check out BCBS OF Alabama.
I pay for  my own  insurance. You should  pay  for  yours
Freedom to purchase but NOT TO GET FOR FREE.
the time has come to give everyone healthcare through a single payer system.  Thus nobody goes w/out care, & personal costs are less.
Insurance companies don't care to sell across state lines. Needs some help with this complicated issue? Need to go outside your crew.
.@POTUS Stop it. Medicare for all. Never worry about state lines again.
AMEN   Yes it is time for us to be able to purchase what we need and not wha the government mandates us to have
the real question is why was it ever illegal in the 1st place? #freemarket
right on
It's still going to be just as expensive. You are clueless.
THANK YOU!
.@POTUS >You just lied, AGAIN! #LyingTrump
@ransom54 thank you! Thank you! Thank you!!!
how bout some drugs from Canada, Mr. Help the Healthcare problem.
@SenatorWicker Basically, republicans who can afford insurance, don't care about the people who can't afford insurance.
@Bell_In_Hand Just repeal it Don't need to do anything else but open the free market
actually get ripped off by companies and CEO can stuff their pickets
finally some common sense!!!
It's about time! Competition will drive prices down for all of us.
You said you weren't going to mess with ACA. I guess your word means nothing. Our Liar in Chief #TheResistance
I guess it was what day did he say that. I've heard both. He can't seem to keep his stories straight. #TheResistance
I listened.  I rarely can keep up with his lies. #TheResistance
I guess I'm like your hero. I heard him saying during his campaign he wasn't going to touch ACA. #TheResistance
The time has come for Medicare for all.it is the only solution. End the insurance company middle man dead panels. Healthcare for all.
- we have always had the freedom to buy and pay our own healthcare moron!
جيد
phenomenal,  such a no brainer!
Not just fake competion real choices real plans tailored to indivigual needs- cookie cutter socialistic stripped down 3rd world plan.
@BSVLMJ freedom is no mandatory vaccines.
VETO HR2232. When pHARMa has NO LIABILITY there's NO SAFE VACCINES,
The time has come where healthcare should not need to be purchased at all.
I'd make the Governor's take this opportunity to use their power in providing health safety and Morality under the X Ammendment
none of my friends nor myself can pay 1400 a month for health insurance We are middleclass hard working pepole. Please help fast
AMEN!!!
The time has come to Stop placating to Trumps BS agendas and Fight for his impeachment!! Lies,divisiveness and Russian influence!!!!
why do you hate States' Rights?
Universal healthcare, doesn't help if the plan I buy from another state doesn't accept my Dr., hospital or labs.
that is the key, I believe!  Nothing like competition!
- what about affordable access, folks who can't afford to pay into an HSA, & tax on employer sponsored coverage
exactly right
We all have freedom to purchase health insurance - It is just too expensive or high deductible for emergency only.  TIME FOR AN NHS!
This is so true the ability to sell your products across State lines gives you a great market to the consumer to pick & choose Comp.!
The secret to getting away w lying is believing w all ur heart. That goes 4 lying to yourself even more so than lying to another."
put congress on same healthcare as us normal people, they will fix it!!! As long as they get special treatment they don't care
You're right... health insurance really is complicated. Learn the details before saying things are a bit more complicated than a tweet.
Will insurance companies just set up in those states with the lowest insurance requirements? Cheap insurance does not mean good insurance.
Hallelujah!
the democrats were an embarrassment to their party last night and we the people. Such childish, high school actions. You rocked!!!
health insurance doesn't work like car insurance, more alternative facts to the misinformed Americans.!
leave Obamacare/ACA alone. You have no idea what you're doing and your party has no plan for replacement you soulless crooks!!
explain why. I dare you
he's back talking about the state lines.. where's Rubio when you need him?
https://youtu.be/VKXtNQLwsLM 
Are you calling for Universal Healthcare for all,  Lord Cheeto?
OMG GET ON IT ALREADY.  ACTION SPEAKS LOUDER THEN WORDS!
