I demand an apology from u 2 my son 4 encouraging end  #ParisAgreeement He has terrible asthma due 2 environment u r neglecting.
A few bad apples can destroy the entire crop and therefore the laborer.
How do you eat an elephant?      8 )=
I wish people would research and actually look into Paris deal. Other countries set bar low, US sets high. America pays majority
Wrong side of history. Shame on you.
They were hid behind cars yelling "WE DON'T UNDERSTAND!" as chimps with ak-47s strutted around. "COVFEFE COVFEFE" said the grinning baboon.
From http://opensecrets.org : You, sir, received the following from various oil & gas entities: Senator Roger Wicker (R-Miss.): $686,876.
Very disappointed in your non support of Paris agreement. There were no binding agreements here
you live in Mississippi....... Prosperity.......really?
Yes 4 whom? Shipyards? Nissan? Not citizens who can't even get decent wages in this state that lags behind most everyone! But hey it's MS...
For the big $ donors who control his every vote. 11-6-18, MS voters need to be heard loud & clear to unseat Wicker & @CongPalazzo
Have you ever seen a baboon with a live ak-47? Everyone in danger in a spilt second. The weapon has become indiscrimate. COVFEFE COVFEFE.
You can't hide, and you can't rationalize with it, as it runs away with the ordinance. It grins as it's nimble fingers study the weapon.
You have heard the saying "one bad apple spoils the bunch." The analogy demonstrates the devastating cost of  carelessness.
When does a manipulated man know when he has murdered?
I don't believe a word you say.  You are making $$$ off this.  We are not fooled.
as you (should) well know, terms under PA are voluntary, can be changed at will, leaving PA gives up seat at table for publicity stunt
Thank you, Senator Wicker, for backing President Trump on withdrawing from the Paris Climate Agreement.
All of you need to be loud and constant until 11-6-18. Vote this corporate Russian whore protecting waste out of office. He does NOTHING 4US
For a rep of state that relies on tourism & subject to hurricanes & floods, your shortsighted corporate vision shows your only care is $$
If one finds a bad apple, never throw it back under the tree.
What job growth is MS going to see from pulling out of the Paris deal? We are not winning with coal! SAD!  BABY!
Please stop repeating the same old lies that the rest of the party is saying and be an independent thinker for once. Look. At. The. Facts.
Gulf Coast tourism accounts for what little prosperity our state can claim. Climate change threatens that. Who are you really protecting?
Please, he only cares about $ & his corporate puppet masters & protecting Russian whore #TreasonousTrump
BTW, when will you have a town hall & face ur constituents?
moronic idea pushed by big oil. Thanks for selling out AGAIN.
Have you ever met a child soldier? An 11 year old with a assault rifle? It's very dangerous. Especially if you don't understand them.
Explain why Trump, his Repubs and Syria believe they know more about climate change than the rest of the world? Ignorant Jerks!  #VoteGopOut
Loss my vote forever
But what about the planet?
Shame on you.
Your ignorance is an embarrasment. Top entrepreneurs, scientists disagree with you. Your state suffers with extreme water events.
How would it have threatened prosperity?  All that aside, we won't need to worry about prosperity without a place to live...so shortsighted
Why did you accept $224,192 from oil, gas and coal industry?
Good to see you take a stand! Thank you for your courage @SenatorWicker!
Hi Senator Wicker. You're a wicked bunghole. Please wash the brown stains of your fingers and have someone introduce you to a role of TP
I feel it is reasonable request, 50 years compressed into 15 minutes. Or do you only gamble with children's lives?
Gamble with your OWN life. What do you say Mr. Wicker you want to roll the dice?
Greed benefiting a few prioritized over the well-being of millions. History records your sickness.
After 15 minutes and I will retract everything I have said and apologize to you on television and contribute $20,000 to your reelection.
Air conditioning will be available, you can wear your suit, drink a coke, have a smile and rub elbows with your colleagues.
I tell you what, I will even facilitate the experiment. We'll get Mueller to verify it is exhaust, and you can invite whomever you want.
21-22 against how many in the world? We're going to set up a room, and invite you fools in there, and then fill it with exhaust.
You are NOT going to hurt my children because you are, ignorant, a coward, a monster, or a mixture of all 3! Prove it is a good decision!
I demand you video, and post it on the internet to completely debunk climate research as fake news.
Now a simple experiment Mr. Wicker, go and suck on a tail pipe. Prove your loyalty. Show us how strongly you believe in your decision.
Imagine the cars, boats, lawnmowers, snow blowers, jet skis, atvs, airplanes, and generators running all at once inside a bubble in space.
Imagine a piston stroke then an exhaust valve opening to release the remnants of radioactive decay. Now imagine all the engines in operation
Go ahead and roll back child labor laws while your at it, and raise the retirement age, so you can be certain you get yours.
The south already has the worst air qaulity in the nation. You are literally killing your people. How long before  deformities are common?
Backing Trump threatened your own prosperity.  That's for sure.  You'll be flipping' burgers in 2018 sucker.  

#DonateToThickerOpponents
I can't wait to see what DEM they vote in your position when you come up for reelection.
Pass the check to the children for your luxury. Line your pockets with the suffering of others. Are you a fool, a coward, or a monster?
Take food and medical attention from children and build your warships. Get it over with and drain their bodies into your soldiers.
Do you honestly believe that you and Donald Trump are smarter than MIT?
Yes, thank you! 
Please keep sharing thoughts like this. It makes it easier for constituents to see why you and the rest of GOP need to be replaced.
You are a fool. Go ahead and line your pockets with that big oil money.
Wicker, Thad, Steve and Phil think Mississippians are stupid.  That's why they agree with everything drumpf says and does
They don't work for you because they don't have to.  You people just keep re-electing them no matter how much they fail you.
@SenatorWicker Do you care more about the "U.S.'s prosperity" or the world that allows this prosperity to exist?
It is much better to threaten the welfare of the whole world than some unsupported theory about jobs in the USA. What a Jackass.
I don't believe a word you say.  Re-elect no one.
You are ruining the world for all future generations. We care what happens to our Earth. Who will be running against this ignoramus in 2018?
Oh dear God, stop it. Think for yourself and put country over party for a change.
Glad you are speaking up & Support - I don't hear it enough
Would a move toward sustainable and renewable energy not contribute to prosperity?
So, you're an anti-science climate denier too?? Big surprise.
All the nations dedicated to renewable energies, research and technology are quickly surpassing America and taking the lead.
Backing out of the accord threatens our survival as a species! Call me crazy but I'd rather our children have a livable planet
Another Promise kept, now let's get working on #RepelObamaCare.Don't listen to all these Liberal Bots.#MAGA @POTUS
I want to see you explain your decision to an elementary school.
I want to see you up on a stage explaining to the future generation why you think the dollar bill, is more important than their planet.
All or nothing senator Wicker. You should cross your fingers. There's a storm coming.
Very disappointed in my senator
Dude. The end of civilization *might* be a slightly larger threat.
Translation: "I'm going to rationalize whatever crazy thing he does because the people back home might get mad at me if I don't."
It's the right thing for you, not future generations. If you want to dismantle the government, resign.
Greed.
You are not focused on doing the Peoples work you are focused on doing your large corporate donors work.
Overturn citizens United.
Rome is burning!
Republican Party is protecting a Treasonous President and his co-conspirators.
Trump Companies laundered Russian money.
The future doesn't matter, not if you can live the rest of YOUR life in comfort.
Totally feasible prosper through more Katrina's.
