THERE'S A BOOK FOR HIM 
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0811874559/ref=strm_sub_nad_38_1 …
Why are you making our internet slower?
It's always nice to see disgusting people eat their words after they lie or are lied too. Ajit is poison to US citizens.
Gotta love how these assholes claim to be restoring the exact thing they are destroying.
Another corporate shill - thoroughly undemocratic
Hopefully you're voters see this and you  boot you to the curb next election. Corporate shills don't belong as government leaders.
Giving #ISP's control over who get's #internet access is NOT #OpenInternet u twits. U'll let #rightwing #Comcast slow down #leftwing sites.
Trolls, the lot of you, 2b outed in 2018! Hands off my packets, corporate shills. Have you no shame? Clueless? Confused by the word "Open"?
I'm certain you don't understand what "open internet" means or you're lying for money.  Which is it?
Just straight up lies. WTF happened to netflix in 2015 when the regulations disapeared? oh that's right. they had to pay a ransom to comcast
The internet is FREE AND OPEN NOW! You are lying! HUGE conflict of interest too--former attorney for Verizon! So transparent!
Please become informed about what the Internet is before praising something that is going to fundamentally ruin it.  Its embarrassing.
The only thing worth supporting is #netneutrality  but sadly the current admin is sold out to business
Jesus Christ, no wonder I didn't vote for you.  Allowing people to prioritize traffic is somehow #OpenInternet to you? In what world...
Then your future is simple. You need to be fucking voted out at all costs. Full stop.
You are a fool. They're not "restoring open internet." They're crushing regulations that kept it open. Slow lanes are not fast lanes.
Hey "policy advisor" advice this idiot on policies the people actually want. yknow the people he was elected to rep? not yknow...verizon.
Disgraceful, sir. #netneutrality @SenatorWicker @AjitPaiFCC
Nothing quite like knowing exactly how little a senator cares about the people he is supposed to represent!
You're both corporate shills. You're a disgrace.
Thank God for hero @AjitPaiFCC! Obama's unconstitutional internet takeover has been reversed!
Nice talking points. In the off chance you aren't being paid to spout this shit on here I advise you to not drink so deep of the propaganda.
Net Neutrality is for small and medium business and voters. You know, the people of Mississippi that vote in elections.
How does it feel to be an errand boy for your corporate overlords? You're the scourge of the US, and will be treated as such.
Then you loose my support. I urge you to support title II and keep #netneutrality alive.
No one is buying it, and I hope the next administration undoes this in 2018 or 2020, whatever.
nooooo this makes absolutely no sense
Of course you do, #PartyOverCountry #CorpsOverConsumers
Don't mess with internet freedom.
I DO NOT SUPPORT what you all are doing. You DO NOT have the American people in mind at all.
If you believe that need you must be crazy. He's going to take our freedom of speech and close the net. #SaveTheInternet
We need u to have a town hall meeting in your gulf coast office, senator! Why won't u come speak to us? 
#coward
Yeah help the Internet by making Twitter faster and making every other fucking website slower.
We work our asses off only for people like you to screw us over, all in the name of money. You are no friend to the working man. #shameful
The internet was already open. Lying about it doesn't make true.
That's because ISP lobbyists have paid you so much.
Free internet my ass-did you mean to say corporate internet?
You wouldn't know open Internet if it slapped you in the face. How much are @ATT @comcast and @verizon paying your cheap ass?
You support to overturn net neutrality because telecommunication companies have paid you to sell out America's internet rights.
$34,500 from Cox Enterprises/ Cox Communications. The 3rd largest cable television company in the United States.
$33,450 from Elliot Management. A hedge fund management firm with 1,902,642 shares invested in Comcast.
$18,500 from Telapex Inc. A telecommunications holding company based in Jackson MS.
Ajit is a bona fide AHOLE serving big business & pandering to the 1%. Avg americans are put the way-sde again! #NetNeutrality
You are a fool. This doesn't help Americans.
The entire internet: "we don't want this"
One asshole: "well I'm getting a bunch of money that says you do"
you can only ignore the American people so long before they get fed up...
Then you're a OWNED, authoritarian hypocrite.
Please listen to your constituents who are information professionals!
I think you mean you support the work of your fellow handmaidens to the major broadband companies. #NetNeutrality
You mean control the net.
This is Orwellian doublespeak. U & ur ilk r killing the open net so the rich have control over all media to propel propaganda.
$$$$
You are actively destroying an "Open internet" by selling it out to big corps. I don't think you understand how angry ppl will get......
In 2 years you will wonder why you the Republican controlled house will no longer exist.
The American people have clogged up the fcc website sending their message massively across.  Clearly you don't listen by selling out us out
"Imposed on ISPs..." What about the terrible service and oligopolies that they impose on everyone else? Guess your constituency is all ISPs?
Are you kidding me?!
You're a bunch of fucking liars, and your voters must be complete idiots to believe this garbage.
Keep your filthy, grubby corporate mitts off the internet, you partisan policy hacks. #TitleTwo #InternetForAll #NetNeutrality
Roger and Ajit you bought and owned corporate tools are a disgrace. This isn't the end the fight to keep the internet public will continue.
Too bad you dont know what net neutrality is. Do 3 minutes of research.
Well, both of you don't have a clue what free internet is. Get a life and do something constructive.
You use the phrase Open Internet without a clue of what it means, and you use the language of those who would improve things to cheat us all
oh please.  these companies could expand right now with their surging profits. and i'd sooner trust the government than a corporation.
you can hold government officials accountable.  businesses are largely immune to public outrage and do what they want.
which sounds just like what happened yesterday, actually.  public input had no effect on this outcome. corporations over people yet again
Removal of Title 2 protections exasperates ISP False Advertising and prevents documentation of AntiTrust Law violations.
An open internet is an internet for the consumers, not the people who own the internet. Rolling back consumer protections will only hurt us.
The "Open Internet"? Is that like "Patriot Act"?
Funny, the Internet seemed very open upto date.
Another Trump-driven scorched-earth policy of simply trying 2 undo everything Obama did. Protect the rich & corporations -fuck everyone else
Lone Democrat on FCC, Mignon Clyburn, said the proposal “would  deeply damage ability of FCC 2 be a champion of consumers & competition,”...
Yeah, yeah laugh it up now boys...Trump will keep shootin' himself in the foot...KARMA & eternal howls of protest will forever haunt you!
The internet is open. Your intent on closing it and profiting from owning the key.
Your definition of open is wrong. Impeding my access to the internet is a violation of my 1st amendment rights to free speech.
That is disappointing Sentator. You're in favor of #InternetFastLanes and the destruction of #NetNeutrality . Sad.
No person is more disgusting than people like @SenatorWicker @AjitPaiFCC who will sell out their country & the will of the people for money.
Stop with this facade. You damn well know rolling back Net Neutrality will only benefit ISP. This further monopolizes the few ISP's in U.S.
You accidentally typed "restore" instead of "destroy"
Claims we need "broadband that is accessible, affordable, fast and reliable", yet backs a ruling that provides for none of that.  Brilliant.
You don't even know what the Internet is. Do you?
You are out of a job.
GO FUCK YOURSELFAjit Pai
I Don't Blame U For Saying This!!
Does this mean I have the freedom to post your personal cell number?
Ofc you do. Gotta suck that telecom dick for donations. #sellout
What do you have to say about 45????
Senator are you aware that @AjitPaiFCC has security staff that lays hands on journalists? Do you support that?
@senatorwicker you support killing business like Google and Facebook so you can get money from ISPs. You're restoring power to them, not us.
I will grant you the leeway that you, perhaps, lack the intellectual stamina to understand what you're supporting.
All of you should resign for attacking Net Neutrality. Completely tone deaf to how this market fails to function.
Don't pretend you're helping the Internet & not the ISPs who bribe you.   Voters will not forget this. The internet will not forgive you.
Nothing you are doing is anywhere close to what net neutrality really is. Youre all a disgrace to this country.
You are in the wrong too then.
Hate to be ageist here but you're too old to know what you're supporting Wicker. Go regulate prune juice and have your nap.
You either depend on the corporations paying to push this forward for your income, or you're LITERALLY a retard. Which is it?
How is it an open internet if ISPs can remove or charge access to parts of it  Stop taking lobbyist money and represent the people!
For the record, you support all of your past, present & future internet search history being exposed? Cool. Godspeed to you 
The internet is open you liar,you want to rip off consumers and censor content under the guise of "openinternet" you are disgusting& sneaky
I recommend actually doing research.
#douche
More ISP c#@!holsters at work.....
If you support the open Internet you wouldn't be supporting what the FCC is doing.  You're supporting screwing Americans over. .
Of course you do, you're a greedy, useless, piece of shit senator.
You and Pai aren't promoting #OpenInternet, idiots. You're going to hurt startups with your stupidity; I hate this administration so much.
We're a startup, and you are off wrong on this one... @senatorwicker supports a true #OpenInternet
Let me know when you're having trouble, Mr. Startup.
It's Missus Startup to you, pally baby
Well, little miss, it hasn't been 24-hours yet and you're bragging this has helped you. I'm not buying what you said or what you're selling.
Din't say anything, but I'll say this now:
Unnecessary #NetNeutrality rules put in place a year ago w/Title II classification hurt #startups
of course you support the work. You're a corrupt dbag.
Ajit is the scum of the earth. I can't wait until he is involved in some scandal.
lol restore? you mean dismantle. Verizon must be offering you a cushy gig after you resign in disgrace you traitor
You and the rest of your buddies are old, out of touch, and ignorant to the way the 21st century operates.
Disgraceful.
Shame on all of you for making a partisan issue out of a human issue. Ajit is literally taking things from us and handing it to big biz.
I think you have confused the words restore and destroy.
You sir are an idiot, either you have zero clue what Net Neutrality is or the cable companies paid you big money, either way you are a POS
Liar.
You're an insult to corrupt cowards everywhere. Have fun being remembered in the bowels of history for ruining the internet.
We're following the money!
Thanks for selling all of our personal information to the MONOPOLIZED ISPs & also allowing them to now decide what we get to access!
We will never stop fighting you. Even after all this is over.
Okay, old white man pretending to know how broad band works
You don't know anything about what you are talking.
does it take a few warmup yoga poses to pull off such a bullshit stretch?
Yea they just have to bend over and spread their legs far and wide!
WHAT DO U KNOW ABOUT THE INTERNET?? CAN U SPELL E MAIL? WHAT'S A SEO? STOP HAVING CONJUGAL VISITS w/ hump, ryan AND toomey. STAND UP 4 US !!
You mean the open internet for big telecoms?  Because net neutrality protects startups and innovation from big telecom giving preference.
how much were you paid off traitor?
FUCK THIS SHIT. WE THE PEOPLE DEMAND ALL DATA BE TREATED EQUALLY. HOLD THE ISPS ACCOUNTABLE. Or don't and prove you're bought out. oh wait..
You don't even know how the internet works, Wicker. Just stop.
it's like you don't understand how the internet actually works or how ISPs carry out their immoral business
#shame , @AjitPaiFCC should be investigated for #conflictofinterests with @verizon and killing #netneutrality
The you support your constituents paying for online freedom of speech and paying to tell their grandma happy birthday. All out of pocket
You're uneducated.
#netneutrality is an open and fair Internet. Mr Pai's arguments do not reflect reality.
Serve the PUBLIC not the Publicly Traded! You aren't restoring anything other than your campaign donations.
Then we'll vote you out of office. You'll never work in government again.
I bet you type Facebook updates into google.  Do you use the internet after the sun goes down? Like how old people don't answer the phone?
Being that you're a thousand years old, I assume you don't know how the internet works.
If you support this then I no longer support you (like I ever did). You lack foresight and recognition of the people. Title 2 must house NN!
Preventing companies from screwing over the internet and let it be is what an example of freedom is! Dear lord you dont get it.
add yourself to the list of politicians who don't give a shit about what the people want. #netneutrality
worthless sellout of course you do
He's doing the exact opposite. How incompetent can you all really be?

Enjoy those donations from Comcast.
You two are DISGUSTING. You both clearly think with your wallets and not for the good of the people.
please never use the #OpenInternet tag again. Because you are destroying it.
It's not 1996 anymore get the fuck out of my internet these rules will just empower monopolies
