Schumer's ally and developer friend Bruce Ratner built Barclays arena & Atlantic Yards w/$500 M in EB-5 funds!
Schumer still isn't talking about it one way or the other! Exposed by "Judicial Watch" in "Verdict"!
@seanhannity @realDonaldTrump 
●●PLS READ ME■■
FN, THIS WILL NEVER HAPPEN. U R  TOO SMART 4 THE DEMOS. WAY AHEAD 
⚘
like u all did for EVERYTHING Obama tried 2 do? U NEVER did get around 2 confirming that @USSupremeCourt judge!
S little taste of the world you created for Obama.
56% of EB-5 funds (10B) went to NYCity mainly Manhattan under Schumer's guidance instead of Poor areas intended for
PIGS CAN NOT WALK VERY GOOD = NO DEMOCRAP IS WORTH MUCH
I believe that was a very polite characterization of Dems actions since @POTUS inauguration.
Worse!!  Trying to stop! !  I am angry--not going out to burn Flag or buildings- -Left off the board#!
sad to see how they act not American In God all things will work out for the good of those who love Him Republicans
Read article about EB-5 in the "Verdict", a publication of "Judicial Watch" where this information came from!
There needs to be a full investigation of the EB-5 funding practices to drain this swamp by the Trump Administration
Mr.Ratner walked away andsold his interest to Mr.Prokhorov for$500 M ownershipof Atlantic Yards to Chinese for $208M
EB-5 dollars have mostly gone to support places like Beverly Hills,Vagas,Miami,Manhattan,Brooklyn,Nassau on Longisla
you have no morals or respect for our country. You are selfish , greedy ,liars that will answer to God.
Ask Sen. Schumer about his involvement in the EB-5 program and how foreigners pay $500,000 for a "Green Card"!
ummmm, 2010-2016
What did you think they were gonna do, you morons? Turn about is fair play. ESD!!!
Buddy what goes around comes around! And so it has!
EB-5 fees are suppose to be directed to Job Creation projects in economically distressed areas such as Detroit!
Funds raised in last decade by EB-5 (Administered by Homeland Security) range between $15 to 21 Billion!
I hope the children who call themselves democrats enjoy the incivility, because midterms are gonna be nasty and paybacks a mofo!
They don't have many seats left to lose! The Dems have less control, local all the way to the WH, than in over 100 years.
did you Tepublicans teach them that in eight years of obstruction?
Gee, what is that like I wonder. 

Someone collect Methuselah please.
Obama admin.hiding "Huge Tilt" of EB-5 funds to N.Y.C. and refused statistics on the distribution of EB-5 funds!
Sen Schumer is defender of EB-5 funds for major real-estate developers and mocked witnesses who wanted funds gong to
EB-5 known as "Employment-Based Fifth Preference Immigrant Investor Program (Green-card fire sale for the rich)
As you did the last 8 years... What's new?
funny how just a few short years ago the Dems called Republicans Obstructionist!
EB-5 funds mostly ended up in NY City under the guidance of Schumer!
No, they're just trying to get you to wake up and act like an independent branch of government.
They need to be completely crushed. No good will with disingenuous left.
Just like you had done in the past. Come on guys, you know how this game is.
Okay Wicker you're representing me .. get to work.
of course the demonrats are pushing to slow Trump down. He's done more in one month than they did in 8 years.
When are u coming to Gulfport for a town meeting? I can't find that you've ever held any town meetings as a senator
Any politician/judge who obstructs the Pres orders should be fired and charged with Treason
Dems nothing but trouble. They have caused it all nation wide. When something happens it will be on their heads
They had to learn from #GOPstapo first...
side walk them and getter done.
.@FoxNews @HaynesParker1 @SenatorWicker And that's what "reaching across the aisle" & "bipartisanship" will always get you with #Dems
@HaynesParker1 @SenatorWicker Please stop calling them your friends. To many in this country, they are the enemy.
They are more than trying, Senator. They are stringing this out to nullify your ability to legislate. It's working.
Your just lucky you go home to the racist belt or you would people on your doorstep too
Old Fart talk about drain the swamp... what does a senate catheter look like !
Well, it worked for you guys, so....
Really?  I hadn't noticed...
hey Dems do your job
#HistoricObstruction was invented & perfected by @SenateGOP #Karma #StandUpToTrump
yes they are & I would use the term "friends" loosely:-)
duh. This has been going on for week
#AskMcConnell
And You and Rest of Republicans did not just slow walk but filler busted Obama.SUCK it Up.
gee. Obstruction? Really?? Republicans have never obstructed anyone or anything. Not over the last 8 years 4 sure.
like Senate GOP did to Obama? Country over party. POTUS Picks are that bad.
naa, democrats are THIS bad.
The hypocrisy in Congress is staggering. Can't believe the nerve of them all.
Sen. Wicker, Democrats are not your friend.  They will turn on you faster than a rattlesnake.
suspend every rule they abuse
you are so correct Mr Senator
Trying,they r doing it!
These jerks need to be fired for not doing their REAL JOBS. GET ON WITH IT DUMBOCRATS
he went cheap.  he voted this lady with zero experience in for free.  most of his GOP colleagues were bought.
much money did her family donate to him?  let me go look it up.
blatant act of cronyism that anyone will ever see and this senator ought to hang his head for voting for her.  how
well look at these picks. :O devos, perry, puzder, pruitt?  wtf dude.  devos bought her position which was the most
@Patriot_Girl_TX @SenatorWicker fool hlpefu!ly you see you should have slow walk  Flint.  The republican party is to blame.
No shit
bcos you try to pull a few fast ones!
Of course they are. They go out of their way to destroy our country.
We paid attention the last eight years.   HOW DO YOU LIKE US NOW?
newsflash...they're not friends
of course they are but may end up losing as citizens for of their antics.
yeah because y'all didn't do that for 8 years. 
Correct!  #Desipicable  #DemocratSoreLosers
You truly need to bypass the Democrates if this is possible which I believe is & pass Cabinet & start writing policy
Is that irony or chutzpah? I can't decide...
If I had such crap to choose from 
I'd drag my tail too. Actually I credit @SenateDems - nominees are horrendous!
Super rich people with no 
experience just doesn't cut it.
As well as racists, bigots, environmental destroyers, women haters, and on and on and on.
Have you heard of Merrick Garland? I hear he is available for the job.
Trying?  They are succeeding!!!!
well if they were properly vetted without blatant conflicts this would be a different story. Party over Country.
why are you letting the minority lead?  Take the bull by the horns!The majority supports you the protesters are paid
See this is what I am saying. Where are the People that VOTED. ITS the same silly news
#fakenews
really. Really???  No he didnt
you mean the same way the republicans held up obamas supreme court nominee garland??
And you are allowing it.
UNLIKE THE NO WALK REPUBLICANS DID ON PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SUPREME COURT PICK
Walking around & don't look back
Hey, for 6yrs. Republicans taught the whole country how to obstruct and shut it down. Now you're whining?
uMm, ya think?
It is as if my senator has no idea of what is happening with #MikeFlynn & is ok w/unqualified cabinet
No Senator, they are intentionally & deliberately trying to destroy your President. Grow some gonads & defeat them!
friends my ass!
,
Get some backbone and overcome their tactics.  Egads, You guys look so weak
They are not just slow walking they are working too destroy you all by creating as much noise as possible
Not just on cabinet choices.  On everything.
if you're heading toward danger it's a good idea to slow down--and an even better idea to change course.
bc all the appointees are horrible. You would do the same if clinton picked these ppl.
define slow walk u mean what republicans did w Obama
We need some strong leadership to unite Congress & get to work. No more bickering!
I wouldn't call them friends
. Really?  Wonder where they got the playbook?
Time for our reps to have mandatory reading, Thomas Paine "Common Sense", it's called Common Sense for a reason
They can RESIST all they want! They'll pay royally at the ballot box! AMERICA SICK of the DOG&PONY SHOW!
The Dems are nothing but Nazi Communists trying to infiltrate hate on the ignorant, brainwashing & indoctrinating
convince them to create a functional government. They're imposing death on the USA thru 10,000 paper cuts.
"our friends" also started the Civil War. If they were really friends they'd call their dogs off and get to work
Friends?
as Aposed to what happened in the Obama years ?
they are not our friends they are enemies of We the People. They hate us and @SenatorSchumer is their leader.
Obstructionist does slow it down it obstructs period. Unhinged frantically desperate suicidal lunatics shrug it off!
what is that we hear "Get over it?" While you try to "get around it"?
They are also telling their base to come out into the streets and fight. They are thugs. No longer the Dem party.
Does the name Merrick Garland mean anything to y'all?
POTUS should simply install them. Senate shall "advise and consent" it does not say "or reject".
it's called representing their constituents, Trump didn't get 100 percent of the vote
neither did Obama.
Stay strong Senator Wicker, Your are doing what the people hired you for. Back up #POTUS
Get some guts and run over the bastards!
WONT WORK!!
they learned obstructionism from the best..... the do nothing republican congress.
no sir. They aren't trying they are.
- No kidding!
I would say that's better than the GOP stonewalling for eight years and shutting down GOV with I concern for citizen
Oh yeah! I forget the @GOP LOVES shutting down the govt. Can't be much left of their glass house 
I'm thinking there's so much chaos they're all saying & doing things make them sound insane to us
The democrats are irrelevant at this point, just ignore them and go about the ppl's business.
Because gerrymandering never happens  It's the only way they can hold onto power
WRONG SENATOR!!!!! Friends wouldn't do that!
Just figured that out, did you ?  While they've been doing that, what have you accomplished on other issues ?
what friends on the Democratic side of the aisle? There are none only Liars, fools, idiots and angry haters.
@GregAbbott_TX And boy is it making people out here mad!
, Wicker than put a stop  to it. Use rules in the Senate to punch  back.
the democrats are not relevant. Just take charge, stop being nice, get everyone in, go to work.
Democratic's are not friends!! They are plantain
Ronald Reagan was a very gracious man.  I doubt that even he would call them "Our Friends" after this election cycle
Meh, Reagan was a senile old coot who killed income/wealth equality killing the working/middle class
You are not worth of additional response.
they're not trying, they ARE slow walking you.
@TheDemocrats are trying to save America from the xtian terrorists who are trying to destroy our country from within
the Republicans did that when we elected President Trump.
OK so let's play by Harry Reid's rules and 50 votes get it. Stop the log jam.
So much for their claims of wanting to be united and work together!
learned it@from REP for 8 years
welcome to that last 8 years. 2 can play that game.
The Dems are dividing this country so bad it will not matter who runs for president. Vote party lines period!
Oh, good God, the irony of that tweet (or is it duplicitousness?)
for 8 yrs u good ol' boys perfected the dance. enjoy the resistance 
There is that phrase again, Our Friends. Males you sound weak, out of touch ,naive to be generous. These ppl hate u
@SenateMajLdr. 52-47 is a trend. Get quorum in remaining committees; vote; send to the floor for up or down.
Nothing gets by you guys.
please at least do not bring Chris Wallace at 6 PM when I get the day"s news after coming hine, watching family feud instead
They're not friends.They are political hacks looking to enrich themselves at the expense of Americans.Just like Reps
You mean like not giving Obama’s nominee any consideration or even a hearing as required by law?  #StolenSeat
No they're be sore losers..cry babies
I like my border laws pre-1875 style.....open and free 
I used buy this false equivalency, but then I realized it's just silly
Democrats are digging into a big hole and it will shows on elections day
Because you ride the short bus..
coming from Republicans who have worked an average of 139 days you should be ashamed of yourselves.
How many months did GOP 'slow walk' (actually stonewall) a SCOTUS nominee?
The GOP Assholes only cry foul when it's done to them. When they do it, it doesn't count Paybacks are coming
A lot of tweets pointing a finger back across the isle! What did king 'O' not shove down our throats? #libtards
Just send them all a thank you card for saving your ass cause you won't.
@SenateGOP Remember Cassandra Butts appointed to be Ambassador to the Bahamas who died while waiting 830 days?
let's talk about Russia. All of us from both sides of the "aisle"
Isn't this what you all did for the last 8 years? It's not funny now, is it!! It's called KARMA!!
that's because they can't read, go get em Roger. Vote Democrats out of office
The friends on the Republican side of the aisle were speed-walkers during the Obama years? All of you are ridiculous
Well at least they let the government get set. Laws were being passed by Jan 28 after inauguration
