First, anIndependent Prosecutor needs to investigate the Russian hacking and the Yemen fiasco, then maybe respect
First we put mafia-type criminal Hillary in jail w/ traitor Obama!
You're living in the past. It is Trump who we scrutinize now! He is president don't ya know?
...go have another drink, Forrest Gump
Truth matters blind lady!
oh dear the pot talking to the kettle...hillaty is a criminal. You have head to behead.
let's make America work again more importantly let's make Washington work again
Y'all Better Deliver!! We are Watching!!
And screwing most of us in oh so many ways.
Should have worked with the last one!
Not what the majority of Americans want.
Do you ever look forward to meeting us little people who voted for you for a town hall meeting??
hold him responsible for his lies
Be honest with your constituents and the 52% of Americans who are unsure about this current government...
: want a recommendation for an orthodontist ?
just to say good day
4 years?! Not gonna happen. #TrumpRussia
Congrats on selling your soul & being on the wrong side of history (yet again). Hope you enjoy your last term!
Party before country, right Senator?
Dear fellow Mississippian Senator Wicker - you get to work with him 8 years!  We have a great President!
Bold as in fascist? Investigate Trump and his regime's ties to Russia. Get us his tax returns! #TrumpRussia #USSA
lmao! He'll release them right after he shuts down the IRS.
that could work.  It's where the money is invested, and where his income is from I want 2 know.
his face is a meeeeme
pls do me a favor please
So hard to devise a Health Care plan that we can afford and still satisfy the greed of your contributors.
BLaH, bLAh, BLah, BLAH.              blah!
that would be eight years.
Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You!
Have you been one of the BOLD ones not running from your constituents?
"with him"... so, what lies will you tell about Sweden and France? You;re an idiot, Trump is no good.
U mean 8!
action speaks louder than words. #JointAddress
adding you to the list of "scared to stand" like rest of your team. Four years... at least you're realistic....
it included a plan to grant legal status to undocumented immigrants, who are working and contributing, excellent.
So, every republican had to tweet a message tonight?
Sounds good. Let's do this.
wonder where Dianne Feinstein and Kamala Harris are?   Seems I have no representation in the Senate.
how did this crap end up on my feed? I don't follow either of these ppl, ON PURPOSE.
Thank you Senator Wicker...you love your Country!  Continue to lead . God Bless you.
4yrs? Don't you mean 8yrs?
Make that 8 years!
STOP TWEETING AND START GOVERNING!!!  Holy cow, it's like a bunch of teenagers!
no
Who came up with the idea that all you republicans should tweet out after the speech they wrote for him
I misread that as a "bald agenda" and got excited that my hairless concerns were going to be heard.
four years? Getting a little ahead yourself there. #trumpRussia
senator ... bold action would have been after Sandy Hook Elementary and passing gun laws ...sadly nothing !!
. A bold agenda to screw the American people.
so you are a coward?
Stand for Honorable:President Donald  J. Trump. We the American People Stand with Him and for Him.God Bless Him !
How are we paying for this "bold agenda"?
he's not going to last 4 years, he's bat shit crazy!
Greatest speech in decades. The dems are so despirited and depressed they all need meds. Your my senator.
Thank you !!
Four years? With all the investigations going, you're quite the optimist...
Double Blech
Does he mean working with President Bannon, the Kremlin and white nationalists to f*ck up the United States?
and especially push through those tax cuts that overwhelmingly favor the very wealthy
fantastic speech! Exactly why we voted for him!
its to bad he didn't write it, the idiot
doesn't have to. Most don't. Most do read over for changes.
when our politicians don't work together, I take it personally. I feel like they hate us.
left refuses to correct bad policy, maga. Voters spoke. Great vision POTUS, get it done Sen wicker.
. Wow.  Did you just queue these all up with a 2 min gap between delivery?  This was painful.

#MAGA #JointAddress #Jointsession
That agenda already includes hate, bigotry and fear. Tonight was the only exception, and I am skeptical at best.
"Hate, bigotry and fear" is the rhetoric that has been propagated by opposition. What he spoke
#JointAddress #Jointsession #DontGetTrumped #TheResistance #TrumpRussia
Sure you do, BUT i dont!
WWW GOD SUN YES I DO WASS.
Thank you
Will you give Trump a bold pass on #Russiagate or are you another #GOPKissAss
Yes - isnt it wonderful to have a view for future.
You better wet the Wick of yours ...
We love our President

Khan supports Sharia. F him.
