If Trump hears abt you consenting to interview w/CNN, You be branded as a traitor
Saw you. Pathetic. Junior colludes with state enemy and "there's nothing there". Lost all credibility. There's supporting and there's lying4
Roger, you are a very dense man if you think people don't care about Trump/Russia.
Actually only abt 20% of u radical alt-left maniacs care abt the Russia tin foil hat conspiracy. The rest of us care abt Jobs, Country, etc!

IC protests more spies coming in. State Dept. allows it.Sanctions tabled.Trump defers blaming RU for hacks. Throws IC under bus. #RUOWNSGOP
Gee, I wonder if this is the reason trump hates Qatar
Miss. sucks the US Taxpayer teat harder than this redneck kisses Trumps ass. Then the mofo has the balls to mock Bernie and deny OTHERs help
Why?  To hear you talk about how bad Trump is. #RINO #REPEALOBAMACARE
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." Country before party.
Guess what? We are horrified. You're supporting corruption and treason
Shame on all of you for letting things get this out of hand. When charges are announced, GOP will be done, if only for supporting a traitor
I applaud you on your position on the current healthcare bill. Thank you for saying No
No town hall meetings huh? You and @GOP are cowards.
If Trump Jr's Russian meeting was nothing why did he, Donald, Manafort and Kushner all lie repeatedly to the American people? #Collusion
Just watched this.  Not sure what your stake in this game is but now add you to this list
The American people are concerned about it and you should be too. Don't poo poo this association with an enemy.
CNN and Wolf? Are you a Democrat?
I can multitask and worry about  corrupt politics, infrastructure, healthcare, the enviroment, the military and a corrupt POTUS.
You don't know the American ppl at all yes we are up in arms with this with Jr. & all the rest of the Russia crap & trumps meeting W Putin
Wrong! People very upset reguarding DJT's son colluding with Russian for info on Clinton-disgraceful. Then denying it-unacceptable
GOP CONGRESS red hats
Nah, I can tune in to South Park episodes if I need to hear a talking pos
Stay off TV and don't speak for me.We don't need Senators sticking up for Donjr. meeting with foreign enemies. You-party over principles.
Something of national import? Like recreational fishing?
Senator, will you please schedule town halls for your constituents? As our representative, you should hear our ideas and side with MS, not $
WRONG! The American ppl are very angry about treasonous acts against them especially by US citizens!! Are you senile?????????
No, he is compromised!!!
Is there ANYONE in GOP not compromised?
Sorry, I will miss you...can't Straddle the fence n win

You dumbacrats y'all have not a clue, just a wish list without any justification.
Hey Jackass, the nation has been hijacked by someone working in Russia's interest. Get up to speed to buddy
GOP Senator Roger Wicker re Don Jr/Russian Lawyer meeting:  "I don't think the American people are going to be horrified by this."



Conversation between the DJT campaign and person with Kremlin ties certainly gives Am people problems. You saying it doesn't-BS. RESIGN
Wow! You see treason by the #trumpcrimefamily and say it is just fine.  The @gop is now a criminal enterprise, working for Putin.
Glad you went on CNN so we now know you are a traitor too!

You Faketriot traitor
You're wrong. Majority of Americans ARE concerned that Trump & those closeted to him have a cozy relationship with Russia.
U should be too.
#CountryOverParty #DontBeATraitor #DoYourJob
Not sure what you're  running for next with all your recent tv appearances-but please STOP!
RU hacked election. Our election! And continue to do so! What could be more important? This "look the other way" attitude is nuts/treasonous
So Americans are not outraged? Do you live in the US?
Could you stop talking the crap you trying to sell. DJT and family are dangerous & you are talking horseshit. We don't need Sen's like you.
I just saw it & it's @realDonaldTrumpy who spins stories for his crooked presidency..Donnie, Jr. meets with Russian lawyer he's a liar too!
Senator, do you NOW hear our voices, or are YOU compromised by the Russians, too? Do they have something on you or were you paid off?
We are MORE concerned about OUR @POTUS being in BED with Russia than ANY OTHER issue, which is secondary to this.
Wrong, we the people are very interested in why the POTUS is so enamored of and supportive of Putin. Repubs just wish they weren't.
Really hard to defend DT and latest Russia news. Putin is just playing u and it looks BAAAD...
You will not be re-elected!  Trump has never said it was the Russions that were responsible for their hacking into the election.
OMG...get your head out of your a$$! The country is very concerned about trump's ties to  Russia, in fact, forget Isis, Russia is #1 enemy
I'm a Mississippian and I am concerned about Russia. Please stop saying you don't think the American people care about Russia. Wrong!
You are sad! #TrumpRussia #DonaldTrumpJrRussia
Russia is the problem&DonJr meeting with hostile foreign govt/spy is problem for Am http://people.You  saying it's not a problem not ok
can't believe your statement re T.Jr. Yes it matter's.He met w/a http://Russian.You  are just as horrible as they are.This isn't right.
If this was Chelsea Clinton, you'd be ok w her meeting w Russians to get the goods on Trump? You're a disgrace to ur office & country! SHAME
Why are you so blasé with #TrumpRussia?  Is every GOP compromised?
Why are you complicit with #TrumpRussia?
I am more concerned with Trump family in bed with Russia than infrastructure Senator!
It goes farther than the Russians.
you need to think long and hard and honestly. Not ok to meet with Foreign adversary to get info on opponent
I'm horrified by any campaign meeting w/ a US adversary to seek info on an opponent.  It should be unacceptable to us all! #DoYourJob !
I am an American and I am very upset that the top campaign officials and Jr. met with Russians.
Extraordinary
You're saying looking for info from a foreign adversary to help the campaign is fine? And you're on the armed services committee?
You sure were!  Senator your lack of concern about the issues discussed indicate you are goose stepping for Trump & Bannon!
Remember: 

Wicker Fully Supports the Trump Team Colluding with Russia and Consistently lying about it.

Party Over Country
YES, we Americans ARE up in arms over this #CORRUPT meeting!! STAND UP for us or @GOP get out! POTUS is incompetent and corrupt, #IMPEACH
Sir why are you so comfortable with Trump campaign holding hands with Russians? This is crazy!
You are wrong. The American people are up in arms about Donald Trump Jr. This family is so dishonest, you have no idea what was discussed.
Wrong. I'm horrified.
@SenatorWicker I am an American and I am horrified that members of this admin continue to be untruthful abt mtg w/Russia
#IamHORRIFIED
This American is horrified by the meeting between Donald Jr and Russians!  Wake up and get with the program!
But will you have to guts to denounce this atrocious healthcare bill that will harm many of us in MS?
He doesn't have guts, he can't even stand up for USA against Russia
