You could help him 1. Not kill us all via tweet 2. Realize that Puerto Rico need food, not financial criticism.
Ass kisser
To benefit rich whites.
And we're ready to impeach him. Isn't it cute how we all have goals?
Hopefully because you guys FAILED MISERABLY at #FullRepeal so we are STILL PENALIZED by our GOVERNMENT if we CHOOSE to not have health insur
Tax cuts for the rich don't trickle down to 99% of Americans.
Forget about tax reform what about Puerto Rico.
Ready to serve the 1%
Question: Will the Mississippi wage earner get % wage increase equivalent to % tax cut business he/she works for?
Any Mississippi wage earners out there that believes the owners of Co you work for will give you a pay increase if their taxes are cut?
Are you going to have a town hall in MS to explain HOW you plan to help ALL Americans not just the top 1%?? If so when and where???
Thank you a town hall meeting
What???
Shill
What?  You vote with the Dems. Oh yeah, it's coming up on election time. You won't survive this time. MS voters are sick of you!
If you want to help real people, stop taxing bonuses at 42%.
thank you!  Focus on the 274 bills that House has passed and is awaiting foe the Senate approval.get moving!
U think Congress would feel ok about a $5/ticket National Lottery to pay down the debt? Principal payments only, interest from the budget?
Are you teasing to get elected again?...Mississippian are mad that you have been voting with BO Adm 70%. Can we trust n believe you.
YOU'RE ready 2 payback corporate billionaires for supporting GOP campaigns w/huge tax cut, hike the national debt and LIE. 2018 U R GONE.
Rich trying to get richer! Fixing tax cuts for themselves
Try heathcare also ! America need also

@SenateGOP can we start by seeing his taxes so we know whether he benefits?
Like here in MS, where we give enormous tax incentives to companies that then do not fulfill their part of the bargain? No thanks.
All for the rich!
If #TaxReform goal is job growth—cut taxes for corps hiring & retaining workers—not taxes on profits from offshoring & downsizing.@SenateGOP
2015  "It is the sense of the Senate that climate change is real and not a hoax," U were the lone "no" vote. Kudos to man w convictions.

No tax cuts for the wealthy.   It will increase our debt and won't have any benefit to us.


Help ppl in the hurricane areas first!!
You are just the guy to push tax cuts for the wealthy but higher taxes for the middle class.  http://politicsthatwork.com/voting-record/Roger-Wicker-400432 …
Ray Moore thinks homosexuality should be illegal.

I think we should talk about that a little more. No? 

@MooreSenate
Senator Wicker is eager to funnel money to his billionaire donors. You can't trust these guys.
Of course you mean "put the fix in" the tax code so that the wealthy can reap an even larger portion of the nation's wealth!
Watch your back potus will screw us all

Good! Get to it. 
Billions in tax cuts 4 the 1% and a new index card form for the little people!  Greedy Turds
Help him to stop spreading hate and division too!
Bannon is coming to eat your breakfast, Big Rog. Enjoy your days left until the 2018 elections.
I think it’s about time you gave that seat up.
Are you ready to have a Town Hall?
More jobs for Mississippians
Translation: I'm going to put a disproportionate share of the tax burden on the middle class so millionaires can have a nicer vacation.
You are complicit in the downfall of our nation. 45 diminishes the office daily.
So you are finally going to do your job? #LastTerm
The details of the tax reform must be shared so that we can see who will truly benefit from the new tax code.
So no more tax breaks for Wealthy, Corporations, politicians? Yea didn't think so you're not a Republican just more of the same
Great. So you are gonna release his taxes?
