obviously not, You should take a walk through the schools of MS & talk to teachers, bc you just screwed them.
along with my children I should add, how are we supposed to make MS better if you keep doing shit to hobble us?
thank you very much education needs a change for the better
Do you actually understand? Because your state's education system is 5th worst in the country. #WakeUpAmerica
yours was a vote for partisanship, in SPITE of education. 2018 election is coming. We won't forget.
.@SenatorWicker Future generations of Mississippians will look upon you a blight; a failure, a death-rattle of the Confederacy; evil.
If you really understood, you would have voted NO.
Your vote for DeVos was cowardly. Stand for something and listen to the people of Mississippi.
Students need free&open internet FCC chairman Ajit Pai opposes what's called NetNeutrality Do u support him or us
FOR SHAME!!!!!! Republicans' legacy is MUD. Your name is mud in history. You did it to yourselves. Well-earned.

educators and their families make up a large demographic. Very unwise to make them mad.
Clearly you know nothing about education. You should be ashamed.
obviously you don't she is ignorant to this position she probable gave money to your campaign.
And Senator Wicker I will no longer support you because of this vote.
#dumpwicker in 2018
you don't understand anything if you think she is qualified!
you betrayed the children of MS. disappointed
like I said. You betrayed our teachers and students today. I am going to work hard to see you lose that seat.
#NoToDeVos & you couldn't even get that right.  You will be replaced #2018 #Resistance
Hi Senator Wicker! I hope you have a great day and a great remainder of your term. America will remember this. 
You mean dismantle structures for middle-lower socioeconomic group while you boost investment income #saveLiberty
Despite floundering confirmation hearing, can u substantively convince us that @BetsyDeVos is good for failing MS education?
obviously your not answering tweets
one of those statements must be untrue as they contradict each other.
If you were interested in our childrens future, you would not have voted this way. Disaster ahead.
Keep bragging: a vote 4 an unqualified hack, AGAINST 90% of kids. REPUBS=nonpatriots! Voters=watching. GOP=OVER.
you sicken me. How dare you choose money over the education of ms children.
Shame on you for failing our kids! Will be supporting your opponent in 2018. Super PAC forming now.
.@SenatorWicker Good job voting to approve this dummy.
Betsy DeVos' Department of Education misspells W.E.B. Du Bois' name, then misspells its apology http://on.mash.to/2kgVpMK  
GREAT! Thank you! She can finally get pub ed fixed!
You failed the children of Mississippi today. Shame on you!
, this was a very terrible choice. No experience and chosen from money. Sad.
wondering how much betsy devos paid to get voted in? no educational experience, is that how ur state is run?
Start looking for a new job! #TheResistance
If you understood importance of education you would have voted a more qualified candidate in!
you should be ashamed
are you hoping for some of the table scraps the rest of the GOP got to confirm DeVos? Political sell-out.Shameful
Shame on you for voting against the children of #Mississippi, Roger. Your constituents look fwd to voting you out #DumpWicker
I know you heard from 1,000's of your constituents asking for a no on @BetsyDeVos Why weren't our voices heard?
lol@understanding the important role education plays...and then voting for devos!!
shameful.  She bought your vote and we know it.  We will not forget. 11/2018.  Tired of rubber stamp Republican.
you should be ASHAMED!
How much did she pay-uh-donate to you? Marco got 100K for his vote.
that was a dumb move you need to lose your seat in 2018
I look forward to donating to ur opponent in 2018. U have failed us all. U have no courage. #StopDeVos #VoteThemOut
the children of MS deserve better. Very disappointed
You have made a name for yourself.  Will encourage anyone opposing you from your own party or another party.
Can't wait to start working for your opponent for your election bid. Bye!!
...Shame on you!
Can't wait to find out who's running against you in 2018 so my friends and I can send them a big, fat check.
if you understood that you would not have done this. Nice to know our voices don't matter to you. Voting no 2018!
You work for me. You're fired.
Exactly right and we need to be relentless in reminding Wicker and Cochran too!
I hope handing her this job was worth losing yours. #oustWicker2018 @SenatorWicker @BetsyDeVos
I now have an important role...to make sure you know Winter is Coming 2018. Vote you out!! 
we will make sure that you will be out of a job come 11/18.
This person is supremely unqualified, Senator. We, your constituents and the children of MS, deserve better!
I guess you only represent your wealthy constituents You don't represent the common people
You failed the children of Mississippi today.
hope you don't miss your job in 2018. You chose to do this instead of listening to your constituents.
as your constituent I am appalled by your actions today.
Listen to what your Mississippians are telling you!  Why don't you vote for your people...isn't that your job...
Don't pat yourself on the back too hard. You made a grave mistake,
- Obviously not or you would've voted against. #GOPuppet
Try to get the next ones right.. Vote NO to Sessions, Vote NO to Pruitt please!
voting you out next year
Apparently you don't.  I'm going to donate money and time to make sure you don't get relected in 2018. #RESiST #DeVos
Shame on you for selling out Mississippi children for your own greed. You have no ethics.
next up, tax cuts time for Congress to work for the people. Been backward too long
grateful you voted the will of the people. Give the power to them. On to repeal & replace
you mean the woman who proved everything has a price? Including our President and Senate?
You sold the education rights of children in America for your own interests. #sellout
Good!  End the DOE! Give education back to the states and give parents the choice on where they send THEIR kids!
You both don't understand anything !!! Roger you failed your nation.
voters will remember in '18 you are out.
non sequitur
clearly you don't understand the importance of education or you wouldn't have voted for someone so unqualified.
Make sure she keeps promise to keep bears away from MS schools. Grizzly bears, black bears, all types of bears.
Obviously you don't. Just like she doesn't have a clue either. You are meant for each other, enjoy the blood $$
You turned a deaf ear to your constituents.
Today, in idiotic non sequiturs...
We your supports voted NO!!!!
You picked an unqualified billionaire donor over your constituents. #DumpWicker in 2018 #DumpDevos
how is it a good thing to elect someone with zero experience!?!? You will be replaced!! #PeoplePower
so you voted to upend and destroy our children's future and your HAPPY about it?? You sir have 0 morals...
you obviously don’t understand how unqualified @BetsyDeVos is for this important position.
oh, he knows, he just gives zero $#!^& about American school children.
Did you listen to those who overwhelmingly spoke against the unqualified @BetsyDeVos? Or was it her $$$$ that won the day?
broken school system won the day. Change in outlook and perspective. Too much incest too long
All evidence to the contrary Senator !!
public education in shambles. Time for drastic change great start
