We must not lower our standards just because Trump is a low standard man. Hold his feet to the fire. Thank u
53% of U.S. does not agree. Only thing Trump is doing is stocking the swamp with alligators.
Your childish rant & memes says much.Adults deal in facts.The Enquirer is not a valid news source
sad you have nothing but childish memes 2 offer as an adult.Sign of  failing educational system.
He works for US now. This is OUR standard.
we the people demand he live up to the standards, period!
I don't think he gets that he works for US!! not the other way around! Ass hat!
Trump thinks he's king. Doesn't want to uphold our Constitution he wants to destroy
oh yah take credit for deals done by others in Oct not one more job period
I would much rather see the electoral college reject chump, but if they don't, then impeachment will be the next best thing!
these people cannot accept the fact they lost. Bunch of sore loser keyboard warrior pussies
you sound like trump.
A basket full of deplorables
is deplorables supposed to be offend me? Stupid ass SJW with 8 followers. Enjoy the next 4 years
most deplorables are to stupid to offend, most deplorables are to dumb to use google for facts,
ALL deplorables are celebrating our new President elect 
I hope they are still celebrating in 2 years, lol
@jwalkerbryson TRUMPUTIN is a fraud and will never divest himself of his funds, taxes or divulge his true birth certificate-SCOT!
Side note, you might want to get yourself a profile pic thing. Makes the tweets stand out more.
I've given up. These Republicans in charge will do whatever they want. They won't force Herr Trump to do anything.
first and foremost the democrats do not have the majority and The democrats are now the minority party with NO VOICE and no vote
.@SenWarren  While we're at it, wth are his kids doing in the White House?
I thought there was a rule against nepotism? It was put in place after JFK and Bobby
there is an anti-nepotism LAW!!  Rump is desperate to have daughter & SIL in the WH. Again the balls!
You spell like a third grader. Did you go to Trump University?

Hide and watch ;-)
She has more power than you think!   She has the majority of the American public on her side!!
Republican Presidency Senate House SCOTUS Governorships 
 
Buckle up Betty
ain't no buckle gonna save America from this ride into hell.
aweee sorry sweetcheeks this isn't hell this is where women can't kill their Babies on a whim
Hey not even inbreeders have that right as we saw with People who voted for Trump.
the people voted for Hillary displayed their true vile nature and lost overwhelmingly
math isn't your strong spot eh?
@AfraidToFlyNow good luck with that.
Being honorable and truthful has always been expected of our politicians, you do not qualify!
and he slides?  You Dem need to step into double time time. I am sick of abused wife sydrome.
-->TROLL = @Momaduksgiggles <--  TROLL slime     @SenWarren
#bring-the-glass-cieling-down!!
@perrault777 What happens if he refused?
You can’t put real estate in a blind trust.
great. Now let's focus hard on 25:4
You can't get this right  I 4 done am done w/u I am sick and tired of being abused.  Do your JOBS!
WHAT DON'T YOU  KNOW THE LAW HE DOESN'T HAVE TOO
... keep giving them Hell... we support you completely! Thank you!
@BrianPaulStuart #WakeUpAmerica #TheResistance
Please hold him accountable.  It will be the first time in his life anyone did hold him accountable.  The country depends on it.
SenWarren
Hold trump accountable!
Can we also get a bill that mandates all Presidents must release their taxes.
NY and CA are respectively submitting legislation for this. Tax returns or not on the ballot.
That is a brilliant idea.
that will at least limit #TrumpTheTraitor 's damage to 4 years not 8
LOL... Going to change to popular vote too? Both States voted Dem and still lost, idiots..
It's going to be 8 years. @cbouzy @Buttercup0907
The problem with popular vote is our enemies know where to get the highest collateral damage.
@verolpz1212 create the Trump Foundation.......
if Clinton foundation was so illegal, why didn't Trump tram or Russia jump on it?

Obama has a foundation in which is still in action. Maybe he can be investigated as well.
Check the law-pres. & vice pres. are exempt from those laws that bind elected officials to divest interests.
But how can we make it happen? So far he seems to be making his own rules and I don't see anyone stopping him. At a loss as how to?
@Alasscan_ then his "children" should not be part of his administration otherwise what's the point
Waaaaa
You will be suspending the rule of law if u let him sworn in w/out divesting from foreign businesses.impeachment is #1 goal Pleas
what is the standard for 535 members of Congress?
We are behind you on this. Keep fighting.
Go get 'em Liz. 
good luck with this, who is going to hold him to this? I don't see any DEM leadership squawking! WHY?
Dream on.DJT will do only what he wants to do no matter how corrupt or destructive.Pathological adulation addict Take him out

@scoutinfinity GOP will crush any opposition or attempt 2hold Trump http://accountable.GOP  care abt political power only-not US.
@scoutinfinity What is the SB number? We need to identify it.
More businessman: There is no guarantee Rex Tillerson will not misuse his power as Secretary of State.
screw u and ur bill lady!!
U R #LooneyPocahontas #LooneyLiberal #Loser #WeWon
he doesn't have to put his assets in a blind trust it isn't illegal. So shut the hell up Warren and step down from your position
absolutely. He needs to choose! Business first or America first. Don't back down Senator counting on you.
draft a bill that requires the congress and the senate to place their assets in a blind trust first.  What are your assets?
This bill is DOA!  Get over it, Warren.  Mr Trump won!!
Sen Warren stop trump don't let this start
Right on Elizabeth Warren, forcing Trump to divestiture is the only way he will avoid conflict of AMERICA's INTEREST.
Thank U 4 your follow. SONS OF THUNDER RESIST THE CORRUPT POWERS WORLDWIDE GOVERNANCE#PROTECTORS OF ALL CHILDREN
And we have that lion of justice, Sen. Grassley, to call Trump to task for his coming corruption scandals. Oh, well!
@palesnightngale And I expect to be treated with dignity and respect by my wife and kids. Good luck wit dat!
@puppymnkey well what about this... https://www.publicintegrity.org/2016/12/19/20564/donald-trumps-sons-behind-nonprofit-selling-access-president-elect …
@puppymnkey Ms Warren we support you and wish best of luck but for what has DT been held 2 account so far? Please be there for us
I love you. wish I could be a fraction of the fighter you are. all the #hails go to you, EW <3
Sen Warren, will you also do something about Trump's sons holding an auction for access to Trump after inauguration?
@puppymnkey How about we start with his tax returns!!! We can't even know what he owns to conflict with until we see those!!
@puppymnkey and if he doesn't? How soon before enough evidence in hand to begin impeachment process?
@puppymnkey Trump likely in great debt to foreign banks so will not give any info or give up any control. Sen. Warren know this.
Be nice if his recent tax return suddenly "surfaced"....what a tangled web he has weaved indeed.
@puppymnkey Bills schmills. Trump doesn't care about any bills. He's the emperor. Laws don't apply to him. Get used to it.
okay right....c'mon man if you think Trump is listening to anyone but Putin
TELL LIZZY TO CHILL OUT, TRUMP GOT IT.
No, he is exempt. Good luck passing your bill.  The people do not want a blind trust.  #nodemocrats2018.  Keep up the good work
conflict of interests = impeachment?
Thank you for fighting for justice and equity.
It's good to explain there' s a higher standard than the letter of the law...ethics. Only scoundrels need that kind of boundary
Your buddy-in-Chief never put his assets in a blind trust! Hmm! And it is not against the LAW jackass!
Your bill is stupid, and you have no legal right to even present it. You seem to forget one thing.
@KevinDarryl Never going to happen! He's thumbing his nose at everything normal & GOP majority on his side! Keep fighting though!
No President has ever been like Trump.   Admit it, you and the Democratic Party just want to prevent Trump from taking office
you won't be able to control him once he takes office. Too little, too late.
And we have never before had a president that had the kind of holdings Mr Trump has~by law he is exempt from doing so
it is important for congress to do the same.
You, the DNC mothas who f&cked over the American people in this election and for decades EXPECT? Really? who do you think U R?
Thank you Senator!! We are 100 percent behind you.
Bravo! We also need your voice speaking strongly for special investigation of Russian hack. Need to rally in defense of nation!
what about congress you are the worst bunch of theives that really need to part of this bill
agree
No Federal law requires presidents forces a president, v president, House member or senator to sell off assets upon taking office
He does not have to as we know the law states that he does not. Jack Kennedy did not nor did LBJ.
Hey Elizabet you are the minority how are you planning to pass this bill? Oh I know AN EXECUTIVE ORDER LIKE DICTATOR @BarackObama DID!
you have no honest standards. You lied to get grants you were not entitled to for college.
except Clinton. No standard there. Hypocrites the lot of you.
You Dems will not get any bills passed. Your days are done fake Indian girl. America will be great again despite your communism
Stop tweeting and start producing results for Massachusetts. Have you helped create 1 job here?
nobody cares what you idiot thinks,you freaking sore loser
God will shut the mouth of the lion, which is you. You are nothing but a mouth piece being used by the establishment
In my opinion, silly and showing how foolish they are, in my opinion.
Warren, you don't have the majority any longer.  So, shut up!
there's never been other presidents in modern times that have been business people.  Why do you hate rich people?
how do you have the balls to talk about high cost of education when you made $750k to teach 2 classes at Harvard? hypocrite!
Hillary said she would not step away from her foundation you had no problems with that look how crooked that foundation is
please just sit down and shut up the american people have spoken
Kennedy didn't!!!!
but will he REALLY do it?!
#blindtrust #NotMyPresidentElect
go away. Your just as big of a B.S. artist as Donald tiny hands Trump.
unfortunately u and Dems have 0 power so all the repeated talk is just that unfortunately. The filibuster will be voted down too.
He won't adhere to the rules because that's not what he does. Just get the impeachment paperwork ready to go. @DerekCressman
So why don't you open every account you have and every association you have to the public and lets see who is more likely jailed.
Are yours in a blind trust? Do you take advantage of insider knowledge? @realDonaldTrump
@bannerite,Trump a Professional Manipulator.He loves to Detour and Distract,Eveybody didn't vote for him.We're looking for truth
@realDonaldTrump Anytime a foreign dignitary checks into a Trump hotel the PEOTUS is in violation of the emoluments clause
this needs bipartisan support and the #GOP is not there. They are supporting Russia against their own country..how?
Please continue to fight. Trump slowly making his situation the new normal. Help us!!! This is corruption.
we are counting on you to keep him in check.  Please do all you can for us
has been the job of congress to make laws to benefit http://americans.you  have left that behind only interest is illegals
This needs to apply to all members of Congress and their spouses as well!
who cares what you or dems want ,elections have consequences you lost,i want to thank you for your help electing prez trump
@san_houcy you go girl
I fully support this. Please help all presidents put country before personal wealth. 
Would help to add rep sens to sponsor.
Get a Life.. you need to retire already.. your senile
Secret Old Bat.. You Are Not Running Anything.. ! Deal With It.. https://themuslimissue.wordpress.com/2016/12/16/greece-muslim-viciously-beats-toddler-in-the-shower-at-migrant-camp-because-he-did-not-like-baths/ …
Its scary that even as electoral college about to meet, he brings kids to tech giants meeting. guess he doesn't want to be POTUS
-  Youcan "expect" 'til your heart's content.  But Trump is under no obligation to do anything you say.  You lost.
you are so very annoying.Where was your almighty self when Hillary/DNC corruption took Bernie  down.U are not trusted, hypocrite!
What the Electoral College needs are Trump's TAXES. They show his Connections, Conflicts & Vulnerabilities.
bill Clinton or Cheney didn't have too. Chant was paid a consultation fee from hellaburton. You are a POOR loser
why should he, you have never done that with any of yours, oh wait you don't have any
@letat_lechat 
This conversation is SO MESSED UP...
looking for some backbone with loud voices in the Senate for the disgust we all feel like it seems you forgot us who voted LEAD
Have you done that with your money, your serving arent you? Double standard, if you dont why should he?  You lied to us all
@letat_lechat explain blind trust...and WHY???. .it matters.
i'm glad you were fighting for us
You're out to screw Trump. Hillary never put her non profit into a blind trust.
you should go with the money you received from the university! Absolutely stupid they paid you that
keep up the fight. I support your efforts. You are a rock star!
@solutionary52 Only thing is, HE WON'T. He going to break ever rule, and it appears he's gonna win the whole deal. Sad day USA
he's already grandfathered in Pocahontas, nice try though
standard?  You mean the one you made up today?  You keep this discrimination up it is going to burn you
-pls ensure that Trump's son-in-law also place his newspaper biz in a blind trust since he is working pro-bono and unaccountable
Fake narrative
@LLaws2 But what happens when he doesn't. Because you know he won't.
to put it in perspective Jimmy Carter sold his peanut farm!!!
unlike u, he isn't greedy. He will save billions of tax payer dollars by not making the stupid choices u and others have done
Blind trust is exactly what 62 million nincompoops have in this a-hole

good luck on the teflon don
quit whinnying, trump is your President, for better or worst!
Expecting is not enough with Trump, we must demand it!
Please stop putting the words "Trust" and "Trump" in the same sentence.
Get over it LOSER! Why are you even around? Nobody cares about your Pity Party!!
@Enrico056 Also see STOCK ACT prevents public officials from using their office for private gains applies to the President & VP.
Thank you as always.
He won't
why should he, its his money and your just mad cause you cant control him.  Liar pay back the money you stole plus interest
Sounds to me that all of these traditions about such important things should be law, not just a request.
Trump doesn't seem to respect the law now, why expect him to follow a new one when he's got the whole GOP at his back?
stop your distractions
Just because it's in a blind trust doesn't mean he won't be in favor of the business for his kids....
Upon what body of laws has this been done in the past? Can we not enforce them now?
trump is out to make money for himself and is not worried about what the law says about him and his businesses
stay strong, we need you!
What happens when you leftists want to run another conniving, thieving, crooked candidate?
@DerekCressman
@SenWarren 
Elizabeth Warren for President 2020. I'm thinking ahead, because @realDonaldTrump is sure to f#!k up.
do you haven't benefited while being a Senator?  Hypocritical much?
what about senators and others that have x10000 times the affect on markets and have front seat to insider trading?   #complicit
Wonderful! How he can let his kids run his companies is just ridiculous! They can let him know all he wants to know over dinner..
get off his dick Pocahontas.
@tmobrien2 I know you don't seriously believe that Trump will do it. You should be getting ready for his impeachment.
impeach Trump he is focused solely on big business including his own 1st and foremost maybe the U.S. security  general pop nada
.@SenWarren Thank you! Same standards is right, no U.S. President is above the law.
Great can we do the same for all of Congress and their family members?  Lets get going on that Pocahontas.
You, Pelosi and Boxer need 2 b placed in a #blind retirement. You're either willing 2 work w/Trump 4 the country or u need 2 go!
Did you demand Cheney sell his stock in Halliburton? A government contractor that made a**loads of $ during the invasion of Iraq!
@liberalmew until he is stopped and Republican leaders remove their heads so far up his orange ass I fear he will continue
Wonder if you would have required Clinton to divest herself from the Clinton Foundation
 PLEASE GOP Senators/Representatives don't poo poo this bill! You obstructed for 8 yrs..it's time to choose America over party!
He has to be held to a high standard. Please hold that expectation
.@SenWarren @DerekCressman #CyberPearlHarbor  Anonymous video about Russia hacking BALLOT not just campaign.  Right/warned about MSNBC gifts
@realDonaldTrump couldn't care less about the Constitution he is supposed to protect.
thank you for being real and standing up to Donald trump.  I believe he got ties with russia. Let's check his taxes.
We will not be bullied and I will never accept a lier, racist, cheat, and overall fake as my President.  It is all about Trump.
