Bernie don't listen to these idiots who have no understanding of the damage GMOs proliferate freely on the environment
- what damage? And what about the benefits? Lest discuss all together.
Damage to genetics of plants, damage through proliferation of toxins, damage through improper land use
Examples?
listed plenty in my timeline
So, they should be easy for you to present here, burden of proof is on you.
It's called not flooding the feed man
I don't think this discussion would object to a few links to specific examples of your claims.
No, but there are now a bunch of people afraid of that food for absolutely no good reason, because GMOs aren't dangerous.
(2) US is a great example of stopping smoking. Make a policy of educating people and they will make smart choices
The smoking label is a WARNING, because we scientifically determined that smoking was dangerous. GMOs, however, have been
scientifically shown to be safe, so why would you need a GMO warning label?
So that people might better understand GMO foods and perhaps dispel some of the fear
All of the people calling for the labels though want it as a warning, because they consider them to be bad things, and none of
them trust "big agribusiness" so why would they believe the labels that they're safe if they won't trust scientists?
Information from people when there is so much mistruth being spread.
- no but it does create an anti scientific default position. Why don't we label foods as harvested on a full moon versus not?
Because full moons have always been a natural feature of this planets' seasonal cycle.
ahh the naturalistic fallacy - seriously this is 101 stuff
20 trillion in debt might make the sky fall
Bernie... You're a decent man. Please don't get on the Anti-GMO train.
I wonder how many votes you lost because of people who don't want a President who loudly opposes science.
Companies all over the country were not labeling GMOs and, guess what, the sky didn't fall.
If you endorse Hillary, a Trump win is on u. We supported u bcuz u stood against corruption. Pls don't disappoint us.
I think the information should be on the can.Not everyone has the internet or knows how to access it.
@TimRobbins1 did u c the other ingredients! don't eat that!!
Yeah, but what's the point of these labels? They don't tell consumers anything useful.
They are able to decide whether to buy the GM'd food, or a different one, or not buy at all.

It is information
Yeah cause no one cares
Guess what, every food we eat has been genetically modified
.@SenSanders Guess what? I'm shocked such a well-known brand uses this stuff, and I'll certainly never buy any of their products now I know.
.thanks Sen, will Stop buying Campbell products!
would it not be better to setup a system of food testing for GMO's rather than arbitrary labeling.

I accept the science on global warming, will you accept the science on GM foods? http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/01/us/stop-bashing-gmo-foods-more-than-100-nobel-laureates-say.html …
you are so anti science it sickens me
the 1% always wins, my friend
doesn't bill gates what to feed the world with GMO foods
The world's poor face malnutrition/starvation due to Sanders and his supporter's opposition to golden rice and other GMO foods.
I guess then we'll have to waste paper by labeling every single banana that is produced
GMOs are governments way of allowing population control common sense really
Funny. Somehow this makes no sense. I need to dial a teacher.
Well you did it Bernie! So now how long do I have to wait before this changes my life?
PLZ ENDORSE our candidate so that we can really beat Trump!If u want Dems to take u serious,u need to b  TEAMPLAYER;SCOTUSonline
then they don't need a law
Why would a company would self label GMOs? Could it be, it also has non-GMO alternatives? Marketing goes deeper than many admit
. @SenSanders @Alli_Eli throwing away all my Campbell's in my closet. Needed this knowledge. #FuckGMO
If more knew what they were talking about (on GMOs), this would be fine. But all we have now is marketing by law.
ok so let it remain optional and people who care will look for the label. #freemarketsolutions
Campbell's soup!!! I'm NEVER eating it again!!!! #FeelTheBern
I don't eat that shit.
So you mean if you leave it alone companies will provide people with the products they want to buy? Awesome!
@Lavendermee3 if you don't buy it they won't produce it! #dontbuyit
- it would be better if there weren't any GMOs to label
GMO's cause many unhealthy diseases! Chronic diseases! Our odors cannot process these properly!
BERNIE REALLY GETTING TIRED OF YOUR SHIT YALL
HE'S SUCH A SAVAGEB
Oregon voted against labeling. @SenJeffMerkley should represent his constituents not lobbyists.
@TheJingleJangle SAY IT AGAIN FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BACK
How does labeling GMOs produce fear of science any more than admiration for science?  God people are stupid.
@prith98 !!!
now have have to get rid of the plastic bag thing!
Bernie Sanders is a scavenger and a vulture
tough to define GMO rationally tho. Transgenic corn yes/radiation mutagenic wheat no/grafted hybrids trees no/crispr (?).
democrats rather see people starve :(.  Most corn is gmo
Bernie, have you ever produced anything of value in your entire life? Anything that anyone would want to trade you for?
and guess what most people don't care and will buy them anyway
Thanks again Bernie!  #righttoknow
In germany, this is standart, but they dont write everything on it, but for people like me, who have allergic reactions, is fine
So what. Consumers who demand labeling should dictate, not some stupid law.
@BernieSanders #RightToKnow stop #S764 #StopS764 #LabelGMOs #StopDARKAct #NoQRcodes #July6Vote
#NoS764 #NoQR codes #NoS764
Labesl shld b easier 2 locate & see.Shopping shldn't b as time-consuming as it's become,having2 search4 lists & creepy chemicals
@GMWatch The power of the consumer. Keep educating people.
it's still stupid. It tells you nothing about what's IN your food because it's a process, not a product.
That packaging can does more harm to the American public give me your definition of GMO ingredients that disrupts  Health.
Bernie let's go ahead and list the ingredients that are in the fertilizer thats modified to perform growth. We can really reach.
let's not forget the pollution that sit in the water thats used to grow the fertilize product.Let's list that ingredient in H2O
It's as if you think you're still relevant.
#SonsOfLiberty
@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @SheriffClarke @twright55 @AllenWest
EVERYTHING is GMO!!!
.@SenSanders Generations of people believing nonsense, working against science is not exactly the sky staying up where it’s supposed to be.
perfect argument for govt having nothing to do with this. If the market demands it, it will happen freely
But noone reads the back of a food label?
why should they be forced to label something that's had no scientific proof of being harmful?
so true
Fine, but cosmetics don't have to label fetal stem cell content/origin. It's like feeding you pork surreptitiously. @SenSanders @PZMedic
Farmers have been genetically modifying food for millennia, cross-breeding plants & animals to obtain desire able traits.
right on Bernie. If I hear the sky is falling I think media propaganda
so then what's your fuckin problem>?
But why is it necessary to disclose it unless you think it is dangerous? It would be like labeling vaccines "MAY CAUSE AUTISM."
they do label that on vaccines
I'm assuming this is part of the sarcasm.
no. They truly label vaccines. I have read them
That doesn't even make any sense. Vaccines don't cause autism, so they wouldn't have to be labeled that way.
only imbeciles and charlatans religiously follow the pro-scientific support for GMOs. like your doctor recommends smoking camels
GMO labeling is fighting on the battlefield of the enemie's choosing. Talk about corporate plan to control our food supply.
All it did was add an unnecessary expenditure & didn't accomplish anything.
The text nonchalantly indicated that 7 of the 40 rats fed the Flavr Savr tomato died within two weeks.
Yay for @LoveMySilk and @jollytimepops for using NON- #GMO  @SenSanders
I love you
@lomurph_ love his sass
the tomatoes n bananas I've been eating for nearly 60 yrs had no GMO labeling n were genetically modified over 100s of yrs ago
.@SenSanders Considering we've been controlling plant & animal breeding for 1000s of years, wouldn't this label go on everything?
Rather than fighting for a label; why not fight to ban GMOs.
The sky didn't fall, but I'll bet cancer rates increase due to the consumption of GMO products.
Jesus. Are you even aware of all that's going on in the world, or even in  America today?
this is a rare case when I agree. If calorie counts are requires this should also be. Organic can also be labeled and is.
hey Bernie all these black people dying out here, I care about gmos but #blacklivesmatter more .
@SenSanders
Remember. We should fight the people who use technology for evil and not the technology itself. 1/2
Many powerful technologies can be used for great good and great evil depending on who we allow to use it. 2/2
Only the scientifically ignorant are calling for GMO labeling!
NoOoOo!!not the spaghetti-Os
...seems pretty moot, since everything was modified generations ago.
I'm not a fan of jumping on pseudoscience bandwagons.
And what is the benefit of labelling? What do you think you 'know' about that product?
Democrats all over the country are already supporting and endorsing @HillaryClinton and, guess what...
what is the point of labeling GMOs? Other than promoting needless fear of science
Guess you missed the FBI yesterday... Pay the piper and you get what you want. Sit down sir...
but it doesn't matter Bernie's Twitter manager, everything you eat is GMO. This is a bad fight.
 We need clear labels on our food
you're so irrelevant now that Killary got a pass from Obama/lynch
Is this really the hill you want to die on?
seems reasonable. I actually aim for GMO products in many cases, I think it's cool
We know you are not informed well - go away
You're voting for a war criminal, leave Bernie alone. He is much more informed than Crooked Hillary. LOL
