I signed Petition yesterday against The Cures Act:)
please protect our Seniors. I'm a pharmacist and see med cost effect on people firsthand
nobody cares Dems lost HUGE across the board the real America has woke up
I can't believe how you sound like a high school cry baby. Whining and whining and whining.
Thank you! Contacted my rep (re my disappointment at his vote) and Harry Reid about it too.
Acts do what for cures ?
congrats on Pelosi. Bahahahaha. Did you learn anything.
Awesome. After that, would u mind breaking your silence on Standing Rock? #YourSilenceIsDeafening #NoDAPL #StandWithStandingRock
3 strikes, YOU'RE OUT, Senator Warren! She better not blow this. She WILL lose my vote in the future
As a patient with multiple rare diseases I cannot support you in this. We NEED more medical trials not fewer!
Hospitals and doctors already label us as drug seeking because they dont know about our conditions- dont shut down our resources
Hey #Pocahontas who cares what you don't support?  Remember: "You didn't build that!"
Give it up with your negative comments. My wallet hurts.
urge electors of college 2 demand 2 see trumps tax records. Must b in court patetioned b4 dec 19.
let's go senador, give them hell
Never cared!
go get em EW
Lizzy lets discuss why HUNDREDS of millions still oppose you! You personally need a cures act Fast
You've lost all credibility.
No, friend, you are the one with no cred. Enjoy when your little boy tRump wrecks your status quo. @SenWarren
Really hoping he does change the status quo. That was the whole idea behind electing him!
Yeah, friend, he will decimate YOUR status quo. That was the whole idea. Enjoy! #ResistTrump
And you, friend, are not helping. Do something useful, like help rid ourselves of that greedy, corrupt bigot you voted for.
Lol, yeah he is, which I am not in denial about. But I'm more than happy to #ResistTrump alongside @SenWarren and all Dems.
C'mon, friend, isn't that a little disingenuous? We both know Trump is a man of base values and no integrity. #ResistTrump
Lol, yeah, I'm a retired military veteran. I'm all for that!
$10 says she goes and watches instead. Like she did for the Pipeline, and has done with Flint...
shows up for work & represents her constituency. One cannot ask any more from a public servant. Wish she represented all of us.
thank you for opposing the Non-cures Act
Thank you
BOOOOO HOW COME YOUR PARTY IS SO INTOLERANT AND HATEFUL
blah, blah, blah. No one cares.
Try working with conservatives to get stuff done.
nobody gives a shit you hold no power.
Shrill. Shrill. Shrill. Nothing to offer, just complain or lie about.  You Go Fauxcahontis.
When Doctors R mere Drug Dealers, this is not a 'cure' this is the creation of a Nation of Addicts
Why are you ignoring the dakota pipeline ? #falseprogressive
yeah.... If you could just show some spine and talk about what is going on with #NDAPL, that'd be great.  major disappointment!
Keep up the great work.  It means even so much more now than ever.
All 6 of us are standing by & can hardly wait to see you work your magic.
I'd rather eat worms stinky worms
standing rock!!!
Just do NOTHING until the adults can fully take over.
Keep opposing!! This bill was NOT meant as a big give away to Big Pharma, they created the crisis
#elizabethwarren2020
So why are you against it? Post your position !!!
Where are you.  Rubber bullets, water cannon, mace, percussion grenades used against Standing Rock defenders
don't worry, no one else cares either
Then discuss HIGH FREQUENCY TRADERS(traitors) that can destroy America in a heartbeat.
I listen 2you advocate & fight4 All Americans I'm so proud 2b Democrat! Medical Research #CuresAct
Think I'll pass on you monkey & pony show. #Draintheswamp #maga
HELL NO
Even your President supports this bill.
As the mother of a recovering heroin addict, THANK YOU!
tell @POTUS to save Stading rock now save veterans the people there food and Water too.
You go Warren!
scared for the future of my parents, myself, and my children. The country needs democrats to fight
"discuss"? really? didn't know any real discussions take place on floor - a problem
THANK YOU SENATOR WARREN!
Raise heck!  Hold their feet to the fire!
Go get them!
it's very hard to continue beleiving in you when you continue to disappoint. Shame on your silence re:Standing Rock. #NoDAPL
thank you  for your service
Go get em
Go get them!
speeches don't cut it, action is what is needed...  The electorate is tired of speeches

your immature meme proves that you must be 100%. Stop watching Faux News and do something useful, like #ResistTrump.  @SenWarren
GOLDMAN SACHS/NETFLIX PONZI SCHEME LOOT OVER $60B?MARY J WHITE FRAUD
dapl?
Please talk about #NoDAPL
Go get em. Also, tell Sen Cornyn to EABOD.
will .@morningmika be calling you shrill sounding once again tomorrow on Trumps #statemedia
give it to them!!!!!!!! we're with you
