We need to fight this bill like it’s a life-and-death issue—because it IS.
Say something, do something, stop this madness.
That's the part of their thinking I don't understand. "It's horrible but I'm voting for it anyway because the boss threatens if I don't"
It went down, now let's fix ACA immediately. Tighten the vice on the GOP
Ikr! Wth? They must really hate being public servants. Time to kick them out!
Enough with the semi-respectful speeches. Shame them.
Bernie is giving them hell right now.
100% agree. He's killing it.
tell them to stop sniffing the paint fumes and grow some fucking balls!!
Politics in Washington is disgusting!
Is this Allen Funt? Because I've heard this routine before. #notMySenator #turnORred
Lets just admit that the Republican Congress is gutless, they're afraid of the President and are not accepting of three branches of govt.
This is caused by the total failure of the #ACA The mess you created. Quit killing Americans and help fix your failure.
Not surprising. #POTUS talks nonsense 24/7--so goes the #GOP. Monkies hear, monkies speak.
Why???
That defies all logic. What are they hoping to accomplish by doing this? Well, besides taking away healthcare for anyone not a billionaire.
This group of greedheads are the worst ever. Americans will pay more for less, but the rich get tax breaks.

#wealthcare
@Wingsimplied The mental health crisis in The White House should not rob the rest of us of our health care.
They just do what they are told by the leadership who gets their orders from the rich that own the@. They NEVER listen to the people
They're playing roulette with people's lives and it's reckless and hurtful! Shows just how partisan the GOP really is.
i don't understand this ploy.  what does it accomplish?
If they say that but still vote for it then they should be arrested!  At least 83% of the people do not want this bill.
I thought the parliamentarian ruled that defunding Planned Parenthood (section 105) violated Byrd Rule? Object, @SenateDems! Object!
Repeal/Replace and work on it and get it right! 
.How abt replace w/a sound bill or fix THEN repeal.Eager 4 ur fellow ill citizens 2 receive care due 2 lack of Ins.Let me guess:a Magabot?
those words are meaningless but guess it helps them sleep at night.
That is insanity.
.Can someone explain why this is being rushed.He has 4 yrs(almost vomited there)w/@gop to create a winner.What am I missing this is "HOT"?
These key @SenateGOP are cowards; not willing to do what is right for the country. God soldiers for the party willing to sacrifice us
Anyone who says this then votes yes should be arrested for not doing their job. Voting for a bill means you want it to pass, it's not a game
Fight for us
The GOP has found a way of destroying democracy
This is beyond insanity. Call them out for the craven misanthropes they are.
And about to break the economy. @GOP  will own this turd.
What a nightmare!! We are screwed!
How can this even be possible is there no integrity left in Politicians We need leadership that will stand up to the abuse of power and care
What the HELL is WRONG with them?   Ughhhhh!!!
Madness.
yea it looks like Obama care . Full repeal only . end socialism. Give americans your plan jiffy.
Why are you surprised? Nothing they do surprises me anymore. Party uber alles. #25thfor45th
Because they are cowardly and put party before country. They are gone. Zombies for Trump one and all.
Name  them.. call out the @gop #hypocrites
The worst!
America is living a surreal nightmare. When--for god's sake--will we we able to wake up?!
What drugs are they on? Don't Have the words to accurately describe the Stupidity of this Comgress @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Basically because they're afraid to be called names by Trump on twitter.
This is beyond bonkers. It's certifiable. I think the GOP, if they vote for this bill and this process, have divorced from Constitution.
but on reality check, nobody read ACA either... if only.
Just like the ACA
At their election peril.
OMG, what would it take for them to listen to the 83% of Americans who want to keep the ACA?  No one is arguing it needs improvements.
that healthcare for the American people is being treated with so little thought or consideration is a travesty.
And if there's anything left of this country, they'll be out on their asses next election.
What's absurd is that you are exempt from Obozocare.
.How do you mean? Why can't we fix ACA or have single payer 4 all? How is this a promise fulfilled?Why the secrecy?Blind Repeal ok by you?
Cowards. I hope they are voted out in 2018.
We will know their names.
Of course. Must keep trump happy!!
Thank you, Senator, for being a constant voice of reason and decency against the moral bankruptcy of the GOP. This is a horror show.
Jeff, baby, the whole COUNTRY is on those absurdity-steroids! Wassup?!?!
you liberal quacks are really out of touch
NO! How do Senators vote for bills that are terrible? What happened to you all?

if it's terrible, there's an easy fix, vote no.
.Agree.And why would @realDonaldTrump encourage passage(by bullying @GOP in public tweets) of a bill so horrific? What's going on here?
Because they want to stick it to Obama and the citizens of the country.
This is insane!!!!

Use your contacts fast! Move around!
What?????
They're voting for it precisely BECAUSE it's a terrible bill.
What is happening to our country???? God help us
They were the opposition party from 8 years, so now they will do anyting they can to give more to the wealthy.
Skinny text, obese consequences.
