#BREAKING: Trump will scrap critical Obamacare subsidy http://politi.co/2z4IHnc  
I got fined almost $700 for not buying in to Obamanation insurance . Taxation with out representation. Burn that unconstitutional health care system down.
the R's cant pass any repeal bills so the Cheeto in Chief takes away Heathcare from low income Americans to make a point. SICK & SAD
I want my money back. You seemed to be brain washed. Obama care took my money and gave nothing. I want a free market healthcare system, not government run. Look at the mess they made of the Veterans health care.
It’s called guts senator something you have failed to show hiding behind the left hypocrisy
Senator Merkley, he's ripping up foundations of *anything* good in the US, leaving worst—from treatment of PR all way back to colonialism.
Time for #Medicare4All
Not happing
Yeah, too many non-whites would benefit...unacceptable to our rulers.
However, whoever enacts #Medicare4All will win elections for decades
It’s about to get REAL for Trumps voters! 
No it is about to get real for you misfits
You're funny! If #obamacare was "affordable", it wouldn't need subsidities
You're funnier,Mikey.Subsidies help insur companies make http://profit.GOP  demanded ACA benefit business over people
GOP wasn't given a vote on SUBSIDIES.  DNC forced it through.
that was a compromise put in when GOP was willing to play. U know, single payer way to scary for GOP
I am self-employed journalist in East Oregon. No insurance. Have been planning to sign up for Obamacare next month. What happens next?
Please show us where in Obamacare Congress authorized funds for the subsidies.

Oh, they didn't?

Then please show us where in the Constitution Obama had the authority to pay them without Congress.

Oh, he didn't?

Huh.
If Obamas name was on it, then Trump is pissing all over it. He doesn't give a shit about people. Trump will get rid of everything Obama did
Sen Merkley, what do you need from supporters and constituents to stop this? Tell us how to help you and the others in Congress to stop this
Good let him ... and then when it crashes ... people can't get coverage, then he and the republicans will have to own the fallout #TRUMPCARE
Wrong again
If this drives you nuts, support Murray/Alexander ACA stabilization. 202-225-3121. Tell McConnell this idiocy must stop. First things first.
Worse, he's ripping up r democracy.Congress must act. He's attacking first amnendment, destroying the Iran deal, demoralizing our citizenry.
Wrong what do you have a 1st great education
Uh newsflash rocket scientist @SenJeffMerkley.Obamacare wasn't Affordable & was already imploding.It was not even insurance
Thankyou for continuing to inform.
Keep speaking truth to power.
#Constituent
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!! Good. Freaking. Lord. What will it take?!
I seem to be 1 the ppl most affected by his cruel exec. order: Disabled, extrmly poor & utterly reliant on ACA. Is this actually legal?
Executive action that is good for the people finally!
Do something Senator.DO SOMETHING.Why aren’t all Dems backing up Rep.Al Greens impeachment effort.Enough talk!!!
Because they only care about their worthless jobs!
They’re taking up Space/ A Number is all
I suppose to those whom wish to control every 1 making serfs of all except the elite it would sure appear that way Does't it Sen?
This is what it looks like when the Best Country in the world is run by a 5 y.o. Worse, he takes his cues from dumb 5 y.o.'s. FRIGHTENING!!
TRUMPS HATRED FOR THE FORMER BLACK PRESIDENT & HIS ACTIONS TO DESTROY HIS LEGACY IS KILLING AMERICAN PEOPLE. GET THIS LOONIES OUT OF OFFICE!
Wake up liberals
Stop him!!
Wow, you really are scared of losing your $11,000 subsidies.  Screw everyone else though?
No this is what a lie looks like....
Trump is so jealous of the black, highly educated, successful POTUS that he can hardly stand it.
And sadly the ones to be hurt the most are his supporters. Rising cost of premiums will eat up any gains from his tax reform right?
You don't actually believe him when he says the middle class will see their taxes go down?
Hell no.
No little jeffie this is what patriotism looks like
I need help.
Remove him!
Before #ACA I was on a cheap plan that covered what I needed...ACA forced the insurance company to end that plan.  1/2
When #ACA website finally worked it offered me a plan at 3x the cost even with tax credits I couldn't afford it.
2/2
Senator Merkley - Please do not cave to this sabotage.  I trust you to act responsibly on our behalf, as you always do.
What can you and Senate do?  And do quickly! Lives are at stake!
Then fix the ACA sir!  If you won’t act, he will. The voters demand it.
The Affordable Care Act was neither affordable, nor about providing care
The true thing. The #ACA destroyed affordable health insurance. Rebuilding the market will be painful. You created the problem with vote
@SenJeffMerkleySTOP giving Millions of Dollars in Subsities to Big OIL every Year-Instead give Those Subsities to SAVE the Afford Care Act
Yes he is by his own plan and he going to force it through Congress just like Obozo did and it will be an Executive Order and done@takeit
Let's impeach him
What are you Dems going to do about it?
No that was the ACA
Rand Paul, a Physician himself stood behind the Orange Cheeto and clapped. Pitiful, deplorable people. Hell isn't hot enough.
And then he said dt hadn't done enough to dismantle ACA.
Can't hit the like button. 
He's a monster. I'm incredibly sad about the state of our people and Country. Such a serious problem with seemingly no end in sight.
He has to be removed from office. He is literally going to quietly get Americans killled with this move.
Sir, please help us.. what are we to do
Well you DEMS put that garbage together, it failed because you did not know what you were doing. YOU did not want to work across the aisle.
Throwing so many people out & possibly killing them is murder. Myself included, elderly and poor with health conditions, goner w/out ACA.
Stand strong against this terrorist act against the people by this fake president
Jeff, this mad man must be stopped. He is tearing apart the foundation of democracy. Anyone non-white or not rich suffers.
@SenJeffMerkley  What will happen to low income, elderly and disabled Oregonians?
Hateful! What he's doing. Trying to undo what a smart black man had done for Americans! This is extreme racism!
Sabotage looks like you and Wydie obstructing tax cuts meant for needy American Citizens!
You call $874 - $1,840 a month "affordable?"

Oh and by the way, you mean health insurance, Senator. Not health care.
Then help fix it!
Obamacare isn't working for everyone, why keep it for the few?
Trump and the GOP make me sick.
How can you help?
They were unwilling 2 the flaws in ACA. It can & should b fixed.Destroy it with NOTHING better 2 replace it with.Thats malicious insanity.
You are THE Problem...Not part of The Solution !
it is good @realDonaldTrump ending Obama scam that illegally siphoned $ from taxpayers to take care of insurer crony allies.
I'm screwed...and afraid.
Why is congress allowing this lunatic to kill so many of us?
AND WHERE ARE THE PROTESTS?
You and Obama already ripped up affordable healthcare with the ACA. Tripled premiums and deductibles and you pretend it’s “affordable”.
trump will always be a lesser man than President Obama. He doesn’t care who he hurts. Each mean hearted thing he does is a mark on his soul.
If only there was a branch of government with the power to stop him....

Oh wait, McConnell. Sonofabitch
articles of impeachment time
Trump is the best!!
Let me just take a wild ass guess. Your a Democrat?
@politico @BikerChick333 Did you purchase your own insurance before ACA? I did From 625$ too 1,180$mo--ACA
Complain and criticize without offering a better solution.  Yes, this is what sabotage looks like. Sad human being.
@politico Who do you work for Jeffie ? Big insurance or the American people ? Stop relying on MSM for info
What will Congrss do????
@POTUS Another Senator Merkley lie. The executive branch cannot spend funds not specifically appropriated by Congress.
I am done also! This is all past preposterous! Why is this be allowed to continue? PR, healthcare, NFL, Inept cabinet members, Russia.......
You created this mess. @POTUS is working to fix it. Stop being an obstructionist.
You created this mess. It's on you.
BS, the mess is all on trump & GOP.
Nice try to deflect blame. Trump didn't vote for Obamacare. Neither did the GOP. Dems own it!
Introducing interstate competition is a wonderful thing.  It's only a start.  Millions more insured.  Hope he takes your subsidy away next.

So who's going to do something about this how long are we going to let this destruction continue Are we under the reign of Adolf Hitler now?
This dude looks like a kiddy fiddler. #Disgusting
#ImpeachTrump  #25thamendment
Senator could you tell your constituents what a ‘shared responsibility payment’ is ... and why my wife, who is a homemaker, must pay it too?
Drama queen! 
Plz help us! 45% of ppl have a health condition. Our quantity & quality of life will diminish rapidly. This is genocide to elderly & sick
He is killing me
It may turn out Trump kills more Americans in the long run than IsIs or any other terriorist group. Math does not lie.
Despicable. Destructive. I would say even homicidal
We pay super high premiums and you take our tax dollars to pay insurance companys more .  Just come and take everything.  Read then vote.
PLEASE HELP US!
HSAs FOR EVERY CITIZEN IS THE ANSWER TO HEALTHCARE AND U KNOW IT
How will this impact programs like OHP in your state @SenJeffMerkley ?
Somebody's gotta do.The Senate can't get it done.
#StandWithRand #FreeMarketHealthcare @RandPaul
Treating health insurance and health care as if they were commodities is not the answer. We had free market before ACA and it didn't work for those in the individual market or those w/ serious conditions once cap was met.
Will our democracy survive this nightmare?
TRUMP IS OUR HERO. SAUL ALINSKI SAYS CONFISCATE HEALTHCARE AND U CONTROL THE PPL. JEFF R U SAYING U R ALINSKI COMMUNIST?
This is what the dismantling of democracy looks like.
What is @USSenate doing about it?! Please stop this maliciousness by @POTUS.
Impeach Him.
Violating Oath of Office to faithfully execute law. Take care clause. 
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendmentNow
And #ACA sabotage=Impeach
https://constitutioncenter.org/interactive-constitution/articles/article-ii#section-3 …
'Letting Obamacare fail' is a violation of @potus oath of office: https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-07-19/letting-obamacare-fail-would-break-trump-s-oath …
You are what TREASON looks like !
This is great news
Pretty much expected from a man who cheats on his wives and cheats at golf.
Blaming #Trump gives the est GOP 2 easy a pass, remembering they've been working to derail the New Deal & Great Society programs from day 1.
Please take action to constrain this travesty of an administration.
Yes because he thinks this makes him a big man, but after PR we all know what a little man w/little hands really is
It'll take work on his part but he will finally get the ACA to be as bad as he always said it was.
And he'll blame it on Democrats!
Senator you started ripping off the country. And   your attempts to maintain Obama care tells me all need to  know about stupidity.
, That orange bastard will be held in account for what will happen to all of us. Trumpf owns this now.
Now I want to see what impeachment looks like. This "president" needs to be removed before he inflicts any more damage to America.
Keep fighting for us @JeffMerkley
This isn’t Obamacare anymore. We’re now in the Trumpcare era and he and the GOP own this engineered failure.
Those w/individual policies just over subsidy have had 25% in reases each year and have been screaming for years.. suddenly you notice.
I used to think Republicans hated America. Now I realize that they simply hate Americans.
Please How Can We Help?
Abuse of power. 25th AMENDMENT NOW
Gee, it'd be nice if some elected officials would actually do something about it beyond talking. My family is in line to lose our insurance.
How do we stop this?? Is there anything that can be done?
Can you do anything to stop him? Or to force the subsidy payments?
Lol, tell us another good one Jeffrey
Please help!! This Oregonian can literally not afford an increase in premiums!! #freakingout
Freaking out here too!
Will Oregon sue @OregonGovBrown, this knocks me out along with millions of others to be able to afford HC. Why must we have to always fight?
So what can you do to stop him?
PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. Stop tweeting and take action in the Senate. I am begging you.
