Follow the money, Senator! This is getting ridiculous. Nothing means anything anymore. GOP has no respect for the truth and Dems do nothing.
It starts with us, the people, caring enough to pester, if we need to, our elected officials and demand they work for us! They work for us!
I see your blathering again.
Why was he acting like Trump's lawyer instead of the AG or the US?
Best answer to Merkley's question here. Acting as Trump attorney, not as U.S. A.G.
Don't Americans deserve answers? Aren't we his boss?
The last administration refused to answer to the public why should you expect anything else moving forward
Lordy Lordy Lordy Lordy Lordy
What are you hiding let's see what's in your closet I bet we can find few skeletons
He indeed is hiding something- that's blatantly clear.  I wonder what it is. @USAGSessions  #JeffSession #SessionsPerjury #SessionsHearing

There's more than one tape.

https://twitter.com/painter_nancy/status/874830602951737344 …
Why can't our govt have open honesty and integrity?
Running the most powerful country on earth is not a game or joke.
We need real adults to be in charge.  Is this who we actually trust with our lives and values?
Please No on healthcare.  Sessions has way too much to hide.  The GOP agenda is harmful and dangerous. WHATEVER it takes stop them. Legally
Quit pissing tax payers money away on ur #Bullshit witch hunt
Because you want to disrupt our President and his cabinet. What have you don't for us here in Oregon?  Absolutely Nothing!
Why was Loretta lynch failing to lie about when she REFUSHED  74 times TO ANSWER QUESTIONS
The point was to attempt to establish a precedent for not having to invoke executive privilege discretion of the witness i.e. dictatorship.
Why didn't you have this much outrage over Eric holder lying to Congress and not being prosecuted for illegally selling guns to cartels?
Did you hear his opening statement?
A lot!
Just like Hillary
Ask James Comey or  e-mail him in secret, take it to a Professor ask him ahhh Ask Former President Obama or Michelle You lost MOVE ON
Obviously you weren't listening.. He made it perfectly clear why.
And the academy award goes to ..... The Democrat party , Congrats .
YOUR'E Pathetic Jeff. You & Your ILK have Blood On Your Hands. Partisan BS / Vilifying = VA Shooting - Congrats.
A good day to remind everyone that AG Eric Holder ran guns to Mexico, lied to Congress about it, was found in contempt & never prosecuted.
You are such an embarrasssssment to the state of OR. Quit stirring the pot, and support this country not YOUR ideology.
All these Russian bots seems to be controlling this subject. Ugh
I'm glad he didn't tell y'all nazi Democrats anything ,but I hope y'all are arrested for obstruction and sedition
Because he, #JeffSessions, respects & understands rules & the constitution.   You should try it for once.   You have lost all credibility.
Lol
Proud that you and @RonWyden are my senators. Keep pushing for the truth.
Guilt?
How dumb do you think your constituents are?
He must resign
He doesn't want to go to jail for treason. He was lying; just like Trump
When are you DEMS going to stop the fakeerie  and return to your jobs that you were elected to go???
Why did he even have to come and answer you stupid ??'s anyway. He did make you DEMS look pretty stupid, that we did really enjoy.
Sessions said at the outset that he would “respond to questions as fully as the Lord enables me to do,” I guess the Lord didn't want him to.
I agree!  Keep digging, Jeff
Most likely he is helping to hide the secret healthcare bill by focusing attention elsewhere. His appearance today otherwise seems pointless
I am gonna say....a lot of shit, mostly Russia related. Shut down the damn senate.
Merely doing his Fuehrer's bidding.
The truth
perhaps the fact that he's a corrupt, treasonist racist?
@bannerite 
Nothing to hide but they forget meetings with Russia, etc.  They protest too much!
That's what we the people want to know too!!?
OMG... did we watch the same hearing? Maybe a better question is what more is Comey & Lynch hiding, now there's some collusion!
Bc you Dems wouldn't shut up long enough to let him speak or perhaps you prefer The Dem way of taking the 5th.
#LoyaltyPledge
He must smoke alotta weed.
And we saw right through his faux outrage.
Again, Americans can't stop laughing at delusional Liberals like you. Your party is an embarassment. #RussianBoogeyman is a farce #uniteblue
Keep digging for the truth
Idiocy, hypocrisy, lies and chicanery do not make for valid questions. Nothing to hide. He also exposed your side as ghetto trailer trash
Plus he is in over his head w/Russia and knows how filthy up to their necks Trump & his grifting family are dealing w/Russia. #Traitors
He's hiding the fact that he lied during his confirmation hearing & the GOP gave the predictable when he should have received  1/2
Where was all your concern when Holder was running guns in Mexico & Lynch obstructing justice in Clinton "matter" criminal investigation.
That's why the "Cloud" lingers! It's so frustrating
Sounded like "contempt" to me.  Also, playing "scared" of an intelligent black woman was an embarrassment.  He's not the victim#jeffsessions
My question is what are YOU going to do? Are Dems going to hold these people in contempt? It's time.
Let's stop fking around and demand answers. No more skirting questions

He just wanted to prove to dear leader he could keep his secret therefore his job #TrumpPenceRussia
Because he is smart and you would too so what..
WeThePeople Will Sue False News Lying Obstruction to Our Justice Democrat Politicians
You really need to brush up on your English. Your sentences make no sense.
Why did he even bother to show up?  He has no respect for the law or courts. I am ashamed this man is AG of my country.
The truth
His meeting at the Mayflower Hotel with the rest of the Traitors?
#TeamTreason #TrumpTraitors #TrumpRussia
Sen Jeff Quit talking about it and DO SOMETHING!!!!!
He’s hiding treason, albeit poorly.
You should have punched the shriveled old klan putz. Imagine everyone's surprise!
Watch him about 90sec into @SenKamalaHarris: he outright says "general strategic concept"(lifting sanctions)RUS/US "harmonious relations" ?
Why didn't you ask that question when Loretta Lynch refused to answer 74 times at her hearing?
The Keebler cookie recipes.
#JeffSessions was demonstrating what @realDonaldTrump demanded from #Comey. Loyalty to @POTUS above #justice, #truth, and country.
What?  He answered all the questions appropriately.
Keep pushing for the truth!
why do dems like comey refuse to answer questions WHAT ARE DEMS HIDING?
He and the GOP love to hide Russian secrets and healthcare bills.
The truth.
Way too much. He's knows the Coats Rodgers story. He reeks of innuendo that wouldn't bother him if he was truthful.
No more voluntary testimony. Subpoena from here out. If the witness refuses to answer, hold them in contempt. America deserves answers.
Treason.
