From "A Tory Defense"  Nothin' like a Tory to make us sound old & zany. Gorsuch's diction and tone are a couple hundred years out-of-date 
1/Resp/ definition of a responsible system works as long as leaders apply common sense in decision making If the leadership is corrupt
2/insane a/o senile then aforementioned definition becomes senseless unless bad intentions are interpreted as achievements For this reason
3/grassroots movements dissemination of knowledge upholding values guarding basic human rights etc are valuable tools
. What happened to a govt of the people ? Not 'exceptional' at politics....
What an ego Gorsuch has!!
1/No nope never again ... yes, this time never again America was built on royal principles retaught by Yeshuah in person Nothing nothing
2/reminds me to Yeshuah lecturing the ruling class system Is Gorsuch a set-up America's shadow government is trying to impose on America's
3/future ... well using Republicans' sentiments for themselves ag/ the country including Republican voters ? McCain discussed also betraying
4/voters Tons of integrity patriotism courage Do Republicans desire to be puppets in the hands of the shadow government ?
5/Did Gorsuch forget to add anything to resp/ definition of how to lead America Let's ask him
Scary.
How old was he when he wrote it?
In other words, no one who's currently in the White House?
Evidently Gorsuck got it wrong. You just need the lying father of all lies.
Well. He's really full of himself.
Well, this is just scarier than hell.
Only logic to many of the laws we have is that the elites believe they're entitled to have two sets of books, 1 for us, another for them.
That is so frighteningly astute.
BTW, talk about hypocrisy. In 2013, Merkley supported Harry Reid's elimination of the filibuster re. other nominations.
"By men of exceptional political ability"
Lol
Does Gorsuch know any?
He wrote that when he was 19 years old.Were all you idiots concerned when Bernie wrote women fantasize abt being raped by 3 men at age 30?
Elite. And male.
WOW! ...
i'm so proud to be an american watching you fight for what's right. THANK YOU!
#holdthefloor #stopgorsuch #trumprussia #resist #TYsenMerkley
The same hypocrite who wanted the filibuster rule ended a few years ago so guess what?
...and very sorry to learn of your disability. disabilities are very difficult to live with. sending sincere compassion and well wishes. 
Thank U Julie that was very kind sorry if my 1st tweet was snarky. Living with 60% hearing loss & 80% overall disability =
Not just "No", but HELL NO
He's certainly not speaking of the current administration.
You realize that Gorsuch was a teenager when this was written? Shouldn't that have some bearing on your assessment? Democrat double-standard
Would that be the "coastal elites"?  I am so sick of the hypocrisy- esp from McConnell. Thanks you for your amazing effort- proud Oregonian
Lie lie lie
Actually, this reads a lot like something Alexander Hamilton and many Federalists might have said.  Has some logic.
that's what obama & you were running .
.@SenJeffMerkley Do you not feel that the Senate is composed of men of exceptional ability, spirit, and concern?
Wait, what?
Libruls have been saying that for 200 years, now suddenly they think it's a bad thing?  WEIRD.
How can we have a SC Justice that plagiarizes too? Nothing is sacred with trump & his cabinet & SC picks!
Thanks Sen.Merkley for filibuster!
"men", huh? Sorry, ladies. Looks like this SC nominee doesn't value your contributions to America. Do we really need anymore info on him?
And what about the women?
And who is tasked with this responsibility? MM sen maj leader...used the filibuster to block everything...now he wants to make SC partisan!
Are u kidding...god do trump cronies ever stop crawling out from under their rocks. Mud bugs
Well, "exceptional political ability, spirit and concern" does NOT describe many of the Trumpettes.
Over half of us aren't men that they represent but they seem to forget. Thank you for reminding them. #Oregonlove #proud
Elite MEN... #Gorsuch
Justice should be blind:
not fettered by politics;
driven by fairness

#StopGorsuch #FilibusterGorsuch #HoldTheFloor
Why this guy should NEVER be in the SC
Wasn't Gorsuch like 18 or 19 in 1986? So this is a quote from someone who wasn't even old enough to have a beer?
Unbearably snobby and condescending person. Case in point freezing trucker. Not to mention his rude talking down to women. Heartless.
That says enough to stop his nomination.
So an oligarchy? Yeah, he fits in well with the Trump authoritarian regime.
Thank you for your hard work! Amazing and wonderful example to the rest!
Did Miguel Estrada get his vote yet? Just checking? And did you filibuster yet about BHO not caring about water in Flint? Just checking.
tRump is too stupid to know what he's doing, but the GOP knows how to use that asshole.
Said that in '86, eh?  Huh, I remember some of the stuff I said when I was a teen, as well.
He was 19. Let it go, Merkley, you're only embarrassing yourself now.
elite males
Whoa.  "men"  He might as well have said "white men"  #StopGorsuch
HE OBVIOUSLY FORGOT THE "WE THE PEOPLE PART.  FITS IN WITH TRUMP'S OTHER 'SWAMPTHINGS"
So he didn't make a statement gender neutral over 30 years ago?  What a scandal!
Who is in Gorsuchs "governing class?"  For Gorsuch it's rich white men.  What about the other 95% of Americans?  Do they have a say?
To be fair that was said in 1986 and given our current unqualified uninformed leadership crisis I am not offended by this quote TBH.
We rest our case.
If there is to be hope within the framework of law, the word "men" and "mankind" needs to be changed to "people"... period.
That's fine, but you can't do it retroactively to 1986 to an article he wrote as a 19 year old.
Sounds very similar to what Hitler was wanting to achieve
Unfortunately #Gorsuch Doesnt Include WOMEN. Very Telling. In His World There Are Only White Males.
30yrs ago.... going for those recent writings I see...
You were Amazing& so Thorough. Kudos to your support Team. I stayed up with u. Wish there were other Dems ready as you yielded#stopGorsuch
When will you reveal his kindergarten drawings for us to analyze?
You're kidding, right? Gorsuch was 19. Besides, it'd be nice to have people who have exceptional ability in politics from time to time...
U are an elitist. So what is your point? Gorsuch head been fully approved in the past. What has changed?
How 'bout some WOmen?! Why r so many powerful men led around by their dicks? Or gaybashing closeted beard married self-hating hypocrites?
Oh hey, look, something he wrote as a teen.
Notice he said MEN. Repubs are doing everything they can to undermine women now that they are in power. #resist
He was 19 at that time, idiot. #fakenews
"Comprising" or "composed of" would be grammatically correct here; "comprised of" is nonsense.
don't forget his love of the UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
And this quote about the illegal...

And this guy is a #SCOTUS nominee?
YUP!   @SenJeffMerkley
#holdthefloor. Thank you, Senator.
For movement conservatives like Gorsuch democracy isn't a necessity -- as long as the wealthy & powerful are in power the means don't matter
You are being seen and heard . Thank you for standing up and speaking for us.
of course.  men.  only.  cause it's worked out so well so far.
Ummmm, something seems to be missing here... 
This is America. There is no such thing as a 'governing class'. Thank you for your hard work Senator.
The good senator has been in elected office for 18 years
THAT'S WHAT WILL GET & IT WON'T BE PRETTY!!
sounds like he is describing the founders. You really interested in his teenage writings? Pretty desperate to find negatives
Thank you for your work, Senator!
IN2006 these 12 DEMOCRATS ALL CONFIRMED GORSUCH...Schumer,Feinstein,Leahy,Cantwell,Carper,Durbin,Menendez,Murray,Nelson,Reed,Stabenow,Wyden
Way to go! Thank you for standing up for us! Stay strong!
Why shouldn’t I want men of exceptional political ability, spirit and concern that craft laws and run the government?
I see nothing of "elite" in this.  I see a desire to have "smart" and "wise" people in government.
Huh? So u want dumb people making our laws?
Senator, he was a kid.  Come on!
Gorsuch is next Supreme Court Justice, Thanks Senator Reid next up Gingrich. Then a 3rd one!! Elections have consequences! "Obama"
Clearly he's wrong, we're much better off electing idiots and jerks - like Trump.
/s
While you're at it, can you find Barack Obama's college essays from about the same time? I'm sure they were very supportive of America.
thank you!
Why not exceptional women?!
for "men" only
Odd. Part of Dems' opposition to Trump was that he WASN'T an elite from the governing class.
Extreme to say the least!
1986?....are you facking serious? Good god Democrats are ignorant biased lunatics. Gorsuch has highest bar rating!
when did he write that
So we're supposed follow the hunger games model of governance? No thank you
I'm going to get to the ending for all you confused people . Gorsuch gets seated. 
This was written when Gorsuch was...........19.  Democrats are now getting desperate.
That would certainly be preferable to the governing class we currently have
Please post your political writings at that same age.

No, you were off playing "quarters" and failing to get dates.
He was 19 years old in 1986. Do you have anything from '76 when he was 10?
IN2006 these 12 DEMOCRATS ALL CONFIRMED GORSUCH...Schumer,Feinstein,Leahy,Cantwell,Carper,Durbin,Menendez,Murray,Nelson,Reed,Stabenow,Wyden
There is huge difference between being a federal judge and being Scotus!
#ConfimrGorsuch - the man is above reproach and your lies are pathetic
Point out exactly where you disagree with him. I will wait......
Hobby Lobby ruling. Police enter w/o warrants.. Federal agencies supersede power of courts. Maddin ruling. Public ed/disabled student ruling
I don't understand the connection between the above meme and the Hobby Lobby ruling. Could you please elaborate or help me with reference?
1986.  Hahaha.  This is what losers do.
Thank you for bringing attention to the fact that Gorsuch was an articulate teenager who thought deeply and clearly about politics
you are amazing and strong and a patriot
You forgot by the elite "men."
Look at the date.  Gorsuch wrote this when he was a teenager.  Good job for being gullible.
Thank you thank you thank you, Sen Merkley!
Certainly sounds like he is a republican.
.@SenJeffMerkley He's quoting Plato, right? Stay Fierce #merkley #GorsuchNomination #HoldTheFloor
You are a hero!! #stopgorsuch #HoldTheFloor #FilibusterGorsuch
We thank you senator 
Thank you for doing this. #holdthefloor
You are amazing!  
Our hero! I am grateful for your efforts. It means a lot to see a member of the Senate take a bold act of Resistance!!

Neil Gorsuch Founded Club Called Fascism Forever

#holdthefloor #stopgorsuch #trumprussia #resist #russiagate http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4182852/Trump-s-SCOTUS-pick-founded-club-called-Fascism-Forever.html …
When he was a teenager.  Good job for pointing out your gullibility.
so true! So scary! Keep it up!
You are an amazing person!
Men?
Enough said. #holdthefloor
Look at the date.  Gorsuch wrote this when he was a teenager.  Good job for being gullible.
Love the "men" part with ZERO attempt to appeal or even reference WOMEN as part of his "government" ideology.
Look at the date.  Gorsuch wrote this when he was a teenager.  Good job for being gullible.
Apparently Gorsuch also believes "elite" entitled to plagiarize intellectual work rather than actually do their own thinking, which is work.
Thank you, Senator Merkley!!
THANK YOU!! 
Thank you from Texas! #holdthefloor
Thank you, Senator Merkley, for being one of our heroes!
Thank you!
Thank you. Proud of the West Coast
Gorsuch.is an exceptional judge who will protect all Americans. Anyone not confirming him to SCOTUS is ANTI-AMERICAN & should be voted out.

If I have to knock on every door in cesspool Multnomah county my misssion is to get your sorry ass out of office!!
Thank you Sen Merkley
You're an American hero! Thank you so much Senator!!
You da real MVP! #resist #HoldTheFloor
Excellent. Those who govern should have exceptional ability, spirit and concern. #ConfirmGorsuch
Please explained how it could be possible this man is not qualified & deserves the treatmwnt dems are giving him!!
THANK YOU FOR STANDING FOR THE PEOPLE!
If he sits in the Supreme Court must watch he may plagiarize many cases 4 the corporate Elite & the small guy on the bottom s*** luck*!!
Considering he was a teenager when he wrote this likely not.  Good job gullible clown.
Stop the big thief at the top and you automatically stop the little thieves at the bottom. Alfred Lawson
Keep up the great work MORON
I see an enemy infecting this country. A judge who has won 99% of cases is being demonized by that enemy.
For all normal people enamored with Gorsuck, his statement is in favor of an oligarchy, a RULING CLASS, and it isn't you.
Jokes on you. I can't afford panties.
Thank you for fighting for us!
Sounds like 1817
That's why 45 picked him. The hood ol' boys club is what he is using to "MAGA"
Go Senator go! I hope you can feel the millions of us out here supporting you.
"...men of exceptional political..." 
Not "men and women". 
#GorsuchPartOfTheProblem
So, like you and other politicians then? What a stupid quote to use!

#unmaskingsusanrice
You rock Senator!  You are appreciated beyond the 140 characters allowed here! Thank u for being a light in these dark days!
Can you say Nuclear Option? Thank you Harry Reid for starting the Nuclear Option.
@SenatorIsakson @sendavidperdue 
Sen. Merkley, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
#GarlandNotGorsuch
#VotersAreWatching
#VotersDoYourHomework
#VoteOutGOP
He's an originalist alright - Rich old property-owning white men should rule.  #gorsuch
@summerbrennan that's why they're "Republicans", Plato etc.
Not only elite, but apparently only elite men. Thank you for #HoldTheFloor!
Sounds like the DNC too.
Thank you, Senator, for standing up for us!!
This is courage personified!
Keep crying loser grow up and accept defeat. Don't worry mommy will keep telling you you're the best and you're special.
he needs to be no part of that govt
@SenateDems  He answered questions to the satisfaction of the Kochs & Mercers, but not by members of the US Senate
@SenateDems 
"ALL THE PEOPLE"
With theTrump family running the Gov. you can't get more elite than that.
Thank you for the work you are doing, Senator!
He meant to say "white"men, I'm sure.
@SenateDems forgot to include "white" though it might be implied
That's so parsed and without context that it probably means the opposite of what you are trying to portray.
And where in your supplied quote does he say that?  Pathetic.  Truly pathetic.
You rock! Thank you!! #holdthefloor
Would you prefer your leaders to be imbeciles who can barely read and write?
Ridiculous!  Biden Schumer rule. Self awareness is liberating
Wow!  Those are fighting words and we, women, must respond. Governance is SERVICE to all people by all people, not matter how rich.
@CommonComments @SenJeffMerkley Memo to 45.5
