As an Approps Cmte member, I’ve been fighting hard for emergency wildfire funding.This is a big step forward, but much more needs to be done
I’ll continue to push for adequate resources to fight #ChetcoBarFire, #EagleCreekFire & others today, & to help communities recover tomorrow
Way to go Merk!
Good job Senator Merkley. Thank you.
You're the reason we have extreme fires.
Thank you, Senator!
Progressive Environmental Oregon we burn our forests to save them from  Timber Co's who want have Lumber for Houses for the Homeless!
Thank you!!
Why aren't we hearing about the fires on TV news? It's all about the hurricanes.
You are the best!  If only you could be President
This is good but the long-term #ClimateCrisis is the #drought! We should be getting some strong #rain by now: best way to fight #wildfires!!
So now you need to join the fight against flammable explosive #ClimateKiller #Wildfire project Pacific Connector #fracked #gas #pipeline
Yay!
Thank you so much, Senator Merkley!!! We're so grateful for your efforts!!!
Yay?
Awesome
Why aren't you asking why they wait so long and then put our firefighters' lives at risk while the tanker sits idle!??? WAKE UP OREGONIANS!!
I've been breathing it, and the neighborhood has been raining ash. Thank you for what you've done for us and the wildlife
Thank you! The Gorge has been devastated, we're so grateful for your help.
Good news...but why this: https://www.facebook.com/oregonpublicbroadcasting/posts/10155746147654939 …
Gee..maybe telling the DOJ that you will not follow immigration laws, allowing Antifa to destroy property, wasting Medicaid $ ..factored in?
It's good to wake up in the morning and see that you are on the job for Oregon.
lol... yep, you... all by yourself...
Took some federal money! That's what your all about, puppet.
why not sponsor a corresponding bill for HR 2206 the 21st Century CCC Act to fight forest fires and reforest the area!
Great news! I watched you speak on the Senate Floor today. You had quite the hike!
We wouldn't need government help if you'd just put the damned fires out w the tanker when they begin!! Gov. Gets its money from taxpayers!!!
Rock on senator.  We've got your back.
Thank you
@JerryKetel wow!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator. Keep fighting the good fight. You make us proud.
Thank you!
thank you
Thank you, Senator. Oregon is lucky to have you at bat for us every time.
Thx Senator u really do work for your constituates, and we appreciate it.
The Bad news is that this is the best good news we've had in the last 8 months :(
I'd give the edge to saving the ACA. State level it'd be between Trust Act, ending the gay panic defense, and automatic voter registration.
Got me.
Ha ha, made you cheer up! :D
Thank you for your work!
Thank you!
Thank you so much!
Kind Sir,  You have been a reasonable voice in a unreasonable time. Please seek an end to #Sky_Mess #Chemtrails create #Toxic #PnwFires
Although very good news, the spending package should have been offset by spending reductions. Not more debt.
Wow!  Finally after all these years in office you accomplished something. Way to go.
Great news!
We here in Fla are facing a monster but we can't forget others in our country who are facing their own monster...
#MotherEarthIsScreaming
Thank you!
Well done Senator!
Just make sure you recover the money from all the parents of those teens that started the fire.  Or is that too conservative for you?
Thank you!
Thank you so much for being a government representative that actually fights for their constituents. You make me proud to be from Oregon.
Thank you!!
That's good news and we sure need it.
You rock, sir! Thank you for all your hard work! It seems like your everywhere. So glad we'll get help. 
Then you turn around and waste money on the UN.
Thank you dear sir.
You are the man Jeff now keep up the good work and run for potus
Thank you
Waste of money. Let it burn. Protect folks personal ppty where reasonable but we really need to change policy going forward.
It’s a natural process. Fire suppression is not healthy and primarily used to protect private timber stands at a huge cost to taxpayers.

What a shame @POTUS hasn't given them a second of attention.
Good work! Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Merkley.
Thank you Senator.
Thank you Senator!! I read today that Our Govenor was turned down 
Great work!!
Thank you Senator Merkley, I'm proud to call you and @RonWyden my Senators
Good day for OR from a great Legislator...
Probably the only thing Oregon republicans aren't against you for.
Next time say "secured the bag" and you will get infinite retweets
The Parents of the boys who started the Ridge fire should be charged for the cost of putting out as well as Property damages.
thank you so much!!!
Thanks Jeff...USFS 's "monitor and let it burn" policy must be changed. They must be proactive in the future!!!
THANK YOU!
Thank you!!!!!!!
Excellent! -Thank You, Sir Glad Congress is recognizing these Northwest fires as the disaster they are - the #EagleCreekFire is Horrible.
YAY!!!
Thank you Senator.
Thank you Sen. Merkley! You efforts for Oregon are greatly appreciated!
Very good news!
THANK YOU.  about the Gorge
thank you all for these efforts.
Thank you!!
Thank you Senator 
Finally!! Glad to hear!!
Maybe you would have more money Senator for forest fires if you guys would stop paying for art pieces to be erected.
Thank you!
Vote no on SB 1514! Our wildlife is not for sale!
Thank you!
That is good news Senator Merkley.  Hoping for rain in your neck of the woods
How about sustainable Forest management by selective logging in order to keep our forests healthy and usable for everyone.
How about not going with a policy of Let It Burn in the middle of summer! How about using the best tools for the job! #GlobalSuperTanker
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Merkley!
Good job I just read how Oregon Gov called Fema for help and were told no.
This should have happened before these fires got so large. All states!
Good news for Oregon!
Thank you Sen Merkley. Proud to be a constituent.
Thank you!
TY Sen. Merkley! :) 
No. You are taking credit for something that ALWAYS get approved. Look in the mirror and pat yourself on the back until you burp
THANK YOU, Senator, for this and your continued efforts!
Good news, Senator.
You're the best ... around!
Wildfires, hurricanes, droughts, GLOBAL WARMING IS REAL!
Thank you!
thank you, Senator.
Thank you! In any other administration this would be a given, but now.........
Thank you. The fires are devastating and recovery will be expensive and take time.
Thank you!
Thank you!!
I hope that the moneys can also be spent for fires in Montana, Idaho, Washington and California! Thankful for Oregon help!
Thank you Senator Merkley, good job.
oh yes .... so much of it goes to your friends?
You should build a pipeline from the gulf coast and start pumping.
Woohoo! Go, Merkley, go!
Hell yeah, Congressing!
Thank you!
Way to Senator!
That's great
Keep it up
