An American President must stand firmly against any form of white supremacy - not stand up for those marching w/neo-Nazis, KKK, etc.
This week, Trump has actively defended those who represent worst forms of hate. This conduct is beyond unacceptable, and must be condemned.
Dude did you even see the press conferences@stopthestupid
I listened to all three speeches the #POTUS gave about the violence in Virginia. He did not defend KKK, Nazis or any hate group.
The KKK is an arm of the Dem Party, but so is #AntifaTerrorists it's today's Dems against yesterday's Dems .@POTUS #MAGA
Are all senators idiots I swear they missed this info in History Class. Dems = KKK=Antifa=Occupy Wallstreet = Liberal MSM 
He's not you knucklehead  As a minority I found his speech to be direct and .@POTUS condemns ALL hate groups. #ANTIFA is a hate group 
You misspelled "impeach."
While we obsess over Virginia, the House has been planning how to pay $10.5 BILLION for MASS DEPORTATIONS by "ICE" - HR 2406 funds Racism.
Someone take the Checkbook away from this MADMAN! Now he plans to create an Army of 10,000 Deportation Officers to raid SANCTUARY CITIES.
Why do you lie? He never encouraged white supremacists, he directly condemned them. You spread hatred with your lies.
No Jeff! You should be silent for not listening to America and your voters! President Trump denounced all the violence! You support Antifa!
#impeachtrump
WTH? Condemning ALL violence is NOT encouraging anybody. Try it sometime on the left....condemn ALL hate & violence
Who's this fruit loop? Dem little hooded army is causing the problems
No, they should impeach him. Censure is taking the easy way out. Grow a pair & impeach him #Congress.
Congress lack of motivation to take action is disheartening
Congress has no balls
Indeed
What need to be done is to introduce an inpeachment bill to the congress.
You are a joke! Good luck on the next election!!
@GaetaSusan who are you again? Oregon is a joke
President Trump never did that why do take part in perpetuating this lie!
Torn about this & his tweeting. On the one hand I hate his sick, dangerous rhetoric. On the other can't it all be used as evidence? Soon?
How exactly did he encourage it? I would like to know. Show me in the transcript.
It's like you are just pandering to Antifa or something
??? Stop the lies!!! Your own party supporters are paying for those terrorists.
BREAKING: Rosa Parks’ Daughter Praises Trump’s Response to Charlottesville – Land Of The Free.      #ma4t  http://ourlandofthefree.com/2017/08/breaking-rosa-parks-daughter-praises-trumps-response-to-charlottesville/ …
Absolutely
Why don't you target the real source of hatred in Charlottesville. Trump had nothing to do with this nor does he support violence and hate
Ur talking about your own self image merkley , and u started the violence traffic of ur own party supporters ....
Congress should be considering his competence before any more blood is spilled, or at least, take away his KKK/Nazi/Nuclear dog whistle.
Great, as long as you impeach the traitor too! #ImpeachTrump
Yeah they should why don't you..?
Right on Senator Merkley.  Censure.  Impeach. Remove.   Thanks for everything you are doing to resist the tyrant
If that is the case than congress should of censure Obama for not condemning BLM
Why is there no major black news anchors on CNN& MSNBC are they racist also
Hey look! Yur in Congress, right? YOU could sponsor just such a thing! Lucky!
Exactly right. He doesn't represent our countries values. He disgraces r Constitution & Bill if Rights
Absolutely! #NoHate
Not only censure, impeach or invoke the 25th amendment! Both would have the same outcome, one would take a lot longer, we need him out now!
He should be impeached.
"Should" but won't
Yes.  Now to get @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP on board!
Actually I would like Congress to #ImpeachTrump to preserve our Republic. #ethicsmatter #SaveOurDemocracy
How's about we skip straight to impeachment? That seems like the logical solution. Censure is ineffective with his disordered mind.
Impeach Trump!!!
Like they did for Obama's support of #BLM?
…and for being a daily national embarrassment.
Thank you, sir.
He wasn't supporting hate dum dum
He should be impeached he is disgusting to this country
So there is a way to censure the Prez? If so, democrats and republicans who care about democracy must support it.
Does congress have the authority to censure the president? I know they can censure fellow member, but the president? If you can, do it!
Censure?  Impeach!
Yeah, or impeach him for a multitude of reasons.
how about the real confederate ? @thedemocrats , did we forget ?  They are the statues you suddenly hate.
Shame on you SenMerkley you know betterthenthat. PresTrump has courage to study facts then speak the truth heUSA You supprt FreeAbortion
They should just put a muzzle on him.  He is crazy and a pathological liar!
He needs to go. Is @repblumenauer working on this?#25thAmendmentNow
Don't you mean congress should impeach Trump?
How about #Impeaching him?  Or are you just faked outraged?
Maybe they should censure you for straight-up lying?
You have been supporting Police Murdering Black Lives Matter Racists for Years
Who the F do you think you are Lying to ?
Trump should be impeached and ousted from the White House in disgrace. Nothing else will do
And who cares?!?
OMG!  A bit of history...General Robert E Lee a Democrat and President Abe Lincoln a Republican
Do it then
You, and anyone who takes your opinion as valid, should be ashamed of themselves!! No support or encouragement given and you know it!!
THE SECRET 13 FUNDED BY:
Wish they would censure you.
Sir your language contributes to the hate please stop and begin working on making our country a better place for all of us
You should censured
I understand extremists blaming Trump for crazy people's action.  I'm disappointed someone so intelligent makes such a poor conclusion.
Why not file Articles of Impeachment?
No. You should impeach him for #treason
Congress needs to investigate if 45* ordered the hit on Heather Heyer.
I so agree. Trumps tone deafness hurts my heart.
Please, sir, do. This president has dishonored the office and his moral equivalency tact is obscene. #CensureTrump
Sure censure is nice but cmon. Can you guys talk across the aisle and DO SOMETHING about this disaster?
Then censure him ASAP. Once that's done and he ignores, you can say Congress tried to make it work. Then impeach him #ImpeachTrump
Obama gives billions in cash to regime that chants "death to America" and promises to wipe our ally off face of earth. Not supporting hate?
Where is your outrage for the Islamic terror attack in Barcelona?  Since you have been quiet, you must support it.  U r the problem
Yes ...make it so. Censure Trump. This action is overdue.
Now can you all put that in motion please.
Congress should impeach Trump he's violated a whole host of rules of Presidency 
now sheltering empowering hate grp AMERICAN TERRORISTS
They came in from Canada.
Trump failed his oath & duty
2protect America foreign & domestic enemies
Time 4articles of Impeachment 
Hes dangerously sheltering group
While I agree - do you think a censure will matter to him?  He will just find more white supremacists to pardon. More rallies to incite.
Congress should impeach Trump!
Yeah, like impeach the bastard.
You fool, congress should censure all you demonicrats 4 backing hate groups like BLM & ANTIFA & their idiotology! YOU'RE SUPPOSED 2B ADULTS!
Get a grip is racist all you have. He is not
Impeach* IFIFY
If this was a criteria, there hardly would be a democrat in congress left standing. Judge not lest you be judged by your own rule.
Sen. Merkley what happened to you and your party Russian Collusion failing so back to racism pathetic
Congress should do more than that. #ImpeachTrump
#impeach #25thAmendment
Don't censure him, impeach the f$&*er.
Congress should impeach him. Period.

Thank you @SenJeffMerkley! #CensureTrump #FireBannon #FireGorka #FireMiller
Your fear of 45 is showing what if he does drain your Swamp u might have to get a real job and stop living off the people MAGA
Merkley works 10 x harder than Trump (always golfing) and gets twice as much done.
Merkley 2020
Can you show the info you have on trump defending the white supremacy cowards
Man are you hi
That's PRESIDENT Trump. Congress should start working WITH our president to better our country
If Republicans don't call trump out specifically by name and speak out like Senator Corker, they are nothing but Cowards
Actually they should impeach him.
Censure is meaningless procedure from coward Republicans who are trying to walk both sides of isle. Be real Republicans & trump out by name
You must be nervous as hell for the next election cycle
Yes but that's basically meaningless and and results are a slap on the wrist. Congress should impeach. No other rational alternative
How about #ImpeachTrump
Can you spell IMPEACH, PROSCUITION, INCARCERATION !
nathan bedford forest - memphis statue. Reb gen - convicted of war crimes. KKK member after Civil War. potus admires - loser war criminal
Congress should call for his impeachment when are you people going to show some balls and get rid of him #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
No, Congress should start the impeachment process instead of slapping him on the wrist. He's already given America the middle finger.
Congress needs to impeachment his orange Ass.
Senator, will you introduce resolution to censure Trump?
REAL world leaders sent condolences today re: Barcelona. But Trump sent encouragement to kill Muslims with bullets dipped in pig's blood 
@honkeygranny should,  would or could? Will you? Or this rhetoric to placate the masses?
Why? So you can say you did your part and can wash your hands of it? What good is a censure. Take real action.
State of emergency in Oregon. Evacuation orders in place & this is what you're working on? You're not helping your constituents. #MilliFire
The word you're searching for is #impeach @realDonaldTrump, Senator.
Congress wants to waste time & taxpayer $ to #CensuretRump. Better to spend time/$ starting #Impeachment with removal of entire fake Admin.
He didn't do that but go ahead.
The sooner the better!
He does not support Hate..you were not listening to his words.  You cherry pick the words you want to hear.. he did not encourage violence.
Introducing a resolution?
By censure you mean impeach, right? Lol
Congress should impeach Trump for supporting hate and encouraging white supremacists who traffic in violence.
I 'm old enough to remember Obama attending a racist church for 20years don't think you called for his censure back then.
It's time to impeach before he does something even worse.  He is unstable and mentally ill, both of which make him a danger to the world.
So I assume you liberals will be fine with President Mike Pence? Especially when he selects Trump for VP
The next safest bet in the line of succession is the guy from Utah...Entirely possible Pence could go down too. And maybe even Ryan
Do you realise how insane that sounds? You basically advocating for a dictatorship from the left
Absolutely not. It hasn't worked anywhere else. And, admittedly, there are some pretty radical groups. Both sides have their nutjobs.
True however most of it is coming from the progressive left and has been for since the late 19th century in this country
See I consider myself to be progressive and I know I try to be pretty fair and honest without too many wild ideas.
Why just white supremacy? Why not all forms of militant violent groups such as antifa
I think they act out more as a response to violence? I know they tend to damage property alot but I mean violence against people
Hmmm so vigilante law is ok now and yes antifa have harmed others unprovoked. Plus why would u support a communist organizations?
Im not saying I support them because I don't know enough about them. Im old and hadnt heard the term before a few weeks ago
Can you just impeach him already?!
Congress should impeach him. #ImpeachTrump #DoSomethingGOP
You misspelled impeach.
Not good enough! Congress needs to do more. He is unfit to be president. What are you doing about that?
No we should censure every liberal politician!
Then get in there and DO SOMETHING!  DAMMIT!  Say something!
Congress should IMPEACH Trump. Enough is enough!
CONGRESS SHOULD IMPEACH HIM
Yum no he didn't but glad you only hear what you want. Hypocrisy and more lies from you adding to the hate, RESIGN!
Please!
If you get the censure ball rolling, I'll call the Roberts and Moran every day, urging them to sign on.
5/their intent is not peaceful.
4/Here is a clue if one side at a protest shows up wearing black, faces covered carrying bats,etc
Impeach
3/ The President has said it more than enough.
If the corporations allow it to do so.
Yep. Censure will take care of it.
He denounced them and you know it.  This is sad.  Do your job.  Pass laws that help people.  Jobs, healthcare, infrastructure, immigration.
Totally agree with you, but hell will freeze over before they get a spine. Some might, but they need majority - the party
Please sponsor a senatorial resolution!!
Congress needs to force resignation. Censure is BS, impeachment takes too long.
Being democrat = domestic terrorist. #notMySenator #turnORred #liberalsAreNuts
2/ The reason you want censure is purely for political advantage. This will not help your re-election chances.
YESSS 
People who have lived here for 20 years are being deported.  You say you want immigration reformed.  Do it.  People's lives depend on action
Keep up the great work Jeffrey...
Can you show us where that happened? 

Should you be censured for your support of #ISIS?
First list all the previous Presidents who while in office condemned Americans who committed heinous crimes. 1/
Why not implement a law making it illegal to cover your face.  They are hiding behind masks.  Stop them.
No. We need him impeached. Do your job
#censureTrump
What would that do? Really.
Yes! Please do!  His statements have been immoral and unAmerican.
They should 
#ImpeachTrump Now
Censure smencure... he needs to be taken away in a straight jacket!
Nice thought, but not nearly severe enough.
agree, it is a first step!  So?
@bannerite at the very least
URGENT: Organ Donors need ASAP to donate TESTICLES to members of CONGRESS!
Yes but will they 
Censure is a good first step, but I hear several people have introduced articles of impeachment for his encouragement of #WhiteSupremacists
Not enough.

#ImpeachTrump
But it would be a start!!! Sales people are taught  "get a customer to 3 Yeses & you have the sale" We need to get the GOP to 3 yeses
Ah, good point!
Senator, thank you for supporting this appropriate Censure. Now PLEASE speak out on CLEAR incompetence to do job!!!
Absolutely!
Or, and better, begin the House process of impeachment.
Censure, hell! Impeach the SOB!
Senator, I believe Trump wants out of this job. He wants to get fired. Please #ImpeachTrump
Can you please start the process??
Censure is not enough.

Presidents who stand fundamentally opposed to the founding principles of this country must not be president.
