Trump says he plans to 'let Obamacare fail' http://politi.co/2uzzHrx  
Let's instead talk on a bipartisan basis about strengthening the existing exchanges and strengthening subsidies to make insurance affordable
There's plenty Congress can do to expand #healthcare options: explore ways to lower Rx drug costs, create a public option, etc.
Ultimately, the answer to a fairer, less complex, less stressful health care system is some form of #MedicareForAll.
Mediocre for All!   No, wait, something better -
Yet another example of "Trumpdonesntcare".
Best idea he has is to let it fail! Whadda so-called leader.
Pfft - it has already happened and will continue to do so; stop being so dishonest Jeff. Obamacare is dead and you know it.
Obama was a dumpster fire from the beginning. Plan was to fail all.along and go to single payer. You're  corrupt for voting for it.
THATS WHAT THEYRE ALREADY DOING. Look alive Merkley, you're at least smart enough to see that this is 44's fault and Trump will not own this
Imagine a president that will let healthcare fail instead of trying to fix it. i guess it says it all
Also petty, vengeful & inhumane. Narcissistic #Trump only cares about himself, no 1 else. Tho base believes he cares about them, he doesn't
Obamacare is dead as well!!    Get a plan.  Quick with the scare tactics, please!!!!
Why on earth is America kicking sick people down ?
More like "rooting" around. Geriatric Baby Huey messing around looking to get into messes. Someone give @realDonaldTrump a fidget spinner!
This is behavior of a man who hates the American people. Instead of fighting for us, he would rather destroy us. Sad!
I'm looking forward to the day he and his whole family goes to jail.
He's a garbage fire of a person. He's a youtube comments section in a badly fitting suit.
He’s an evil bastard, part of an illegitimate regime designed to gut our republic.

#resist #bastardregime
He's a monster
Our "great leader" MAGA!
Trump's actions are more akin to an enemy of the state than CIC.
What a man child.
Repeal
Then start the impeachment process. He clearly does not have the good of the country in his plans.
Dementia
Vindictive, impulsive, puerile.
good , let it implode
That is his vindictive, bullying style.
Just like drug dlrs, when one goz down, someone else takes over.  Profit loss.  No wondr #fakepotus suks@business
I agree, Jeff!  Keep fighting
So #fakepotus has doubled, tripled and finitely damn himself and his family to the hell his god talks bout in that bible he reads.
All they care about is rich friends. Trump *IS* the swamp! #DrainTheSwamp
Yeah Trump, good luck with that.
And this is our President! A leader of the people, would work for the people, rather then responding with threats and intimidation!!
So very sad that the very person who is supposed to care about this country and citizens is doing everything he can to destroy us.
DT is a vile piece of 
I agree with "immoral and destructive" but I don't think he's smart enough to be cynical.
He really is a deeply disturbed human...in need of serious medical cre
#Deplorable
@politico Really trying to have it both ways.
In other words, business as usual for him.
You voted for it! Now you can see first hand what a mess you created! To bad you don't have to live by the same law's as the rest of America
Trump is weak & a failure he should have been studying HC plan instead of golfing & holding rallies. No respect for such a lying narcissist
Don't you dare let him.
I am a proud Oregonian, I support most of what you have done. I admire the fight you have put in. Lets take this home and put him in history
it is time to push for a recall. this is on you Senator Merkley. Win or lose..we need to move in the direction to end this before he ends us
"Not my healthcare! Not a puppet. Not my fault."
Because his reaction to failure is to throw and tantrum and kick everything down. If he can't have it his way, no one can.
#REMEMBER #VOTEFIRSTDONTREADIT LOL
It's left the way @BarackObama wrote it. Lol
that will definitely make him even more popular... ha
push for a recall or impeacment.  why wait for Bob mueller?  lets get this party started!!
Isn't undermining the law by failing to guarantee the subsidies against the law? Isn't POTUS disregarding oath of office to uphold laws?
Running as the #Democrats wrote it #Obamacare and the Dems want to fix it now but before @realDonaldTrump you Dems said it was ok lol #lie
@politico unbelievable
par for the course.
@politico This was the guy who wanted universal healthcare. Right?
At because you won't be get any money from them
So you are saying #Obamacare will make insurers leave #thetruth it's running the @BarackObama made it
Most have left already, 6 out of 28 left.
Utterly disgusting remarks by the man who is supposed to lead and protect our nation and its people!
This is sad and getting old! @realDonaldTrump said he would have healthcare for all - so where is it? He keeps changing the story?
How is this helping the people who elected him to serve? He should be doing what is right for this country, not for a political party
How can this be stopped? He is so cruel!!!
Trump on healthcare disaster - "I’m not going to own it"
Trump on rising stock market - "It's all because of me"
This pattern is permanent.
