Stupidest analogy ever!
How so? Seems pretty spot on.
Because with Obamacare the economy is already dead.
Most recent Medicare trustees report disagrees with you. I trust their credentials more than yours. 
I agree with both of what you're saying. However, ACA still retains costly wasteful for profit investor owned insurance industry
True. The compromise was the 80-20 rule. That insurance providers must spend 80% of premiums on ACTUAL CARE and 20% = Admin & profits. No?
Didn't Trump sign an EO getting rid of that?
Nope. You can't change laws with Executive Order.
Someone must of removed the heart of every single member of the @GOP leadership.
Republican healthcare is not healthcare for the middle class and mature with pre-existing conditions.
Most of the GOP have no heart why should anybody else they say #SinglePayer
Let's repeal and replace the GOP leadership
You get that chance in 4 years.  Even if Trump is impeached, we already have a VP to fill his slot.
So what did we do before Obamacare oh that's right no one gets turned away from hospitals everyone gets seen. #MAGA
Taxpayers paid for it with DSH fund. It wasn't FREE, you know. Fund is eliminated now. Who pays for your free e-room visits now?
*DHS fund
Exactly now I WE pay twice I hate to tell you butvthe uninsured are still coming to the hospital. Obamacare has failed
How do you pay twice?
Sounds to me he wants free care.
And I have and pay for great insurance and don't expect anyone to help me with it
The only reason you HAVE great insurance is because Obamacare demanded it. Prior 2 ACA, "great" was up 2 Ins Co & changed when u got sick.
Why not? They've already removed their own
How did we ever survive before the ACA
Left now has agreed Obomba Care is a disaster but it's GOP fault they can't fix it. What a fucking spin if I have ever heard one.
Yassssss
Wow! No wonder obamacare failed! It was trying to do heart transplants on everyone including the healthy folks!
how do these retards get so many followers?
EXACTLY!!!  What the hell are they thinking. NOT about Americans for sure.Can you believe the GOP did this?
No.
Now Trump wanting to let ACA fail is like, "ok, you keep the heart but I won't prescribe medicine, and you come back when you're dying."
If it was such a great plan, why would it fail?'
So, the only plan you endorse is one that works perfectly, the first time, with absolutely zero modifications or support after it's started?
Replace "heart" with "tumor" and your analogy works.
?? They're working on building a better tumor? Hmmmmm. Nope.
Exactly, all govt-run healthcare is terrible. Don't try to tweak it, just remove it.
Eliminate Medicare & Medicaid? And the reimbursements so E-rooms don't turn away sick people?
Healthy, working people don't need medicaid and medicare. 47% of our population can't be a burden to the other 53%. The math doesn't work.
Also - The #ACA improved the math by 80% and counting -- so #Obama should get a HEAP of credit for accomplishment. #THANKSOBAMA!
Is that the reason why my premiums have gone up 60% and my deductible makes is insurmountable for common ailments? Read next para there!
Bingo!
for a lot of people the outcome would be about the same.
The ACA is not a health care act its an insurance act it has no influence on healthcare
Sometimes you just can't
Perfect!
Full repeal polls slightly better than #BCRAP, but not by much
It's the Republican Insurance Plan, aka #RIP!!
This seriously needs to be used by every democrat!!
Thanks! I've been trying to get its leadership to start using it.
They don't have any leadership.
More so than the Repugs! They have the presidency, House, and Senate and can't even decide what to have for lunch! It's fun to watch!!
It's disgusting that our reps can't put their heads together, work w/insurance companies, and advance our healthcare coverage.
IMHO insurance companies are the biggest problem because it's all about greed and profit.
Trump is closing ACA call centers. Brutalizing country. Knows nothing about  health care. No interest in being President of all the people.
Absolutely correct.
Most of them seem to have had their own hearts removed...
YOU just DON'T understand.they don't care. Your fault  if you can't afford health care. Your fault you get sick. WAKE UP.
Yeah, if by "heart surgeon" you mean "drunk TV doctor "!
Healthcare is ultimately private property and individuals' labor, to which no one is entitled.
"Not cool? Well then how about I just let your heart fail, then we'll see if your more willing to accept my offer."
And they'll pat themselves on the back while doing it...
...and give themselves a shiny Repeal participation trophy.
Because fining those too poor to afford Obamacare is better. Gov. needs to let healthcare run itself & push laws to keep pricing in check.
Somebody must have removed their hearts or brains, not sure which.
Both...
...and we can use the money saved to buy a new G6 jet
Ha ha .. @rosie Iikes killing Americans!
You'll be fine while we look for another one...
Only people who aren't very bright and have no critical thinking skills think this is a good analogy
One must have a heart to have a cardio-ectomy. No evidence GOP has care for most people, only the "winners," which includes no poor people.
They aren't as smart as heart surgeons though.
Let's take that heart out and replace it in a couple years.

More like a guy horse rancher putting sugar in the gas tank of everyone's cars than saying "look at how unreliable cars are-sell u a horse?
and in the meantime we'll get a hear ready to go, so when you have your surgery we have a new heart to use for transplant.
Actaully the correct analogy would be, We'll schedule your heart transplant operation for two years from now.
More like a doctor who says first we need to cut out the cancer, then we'll look at additional treatments
Obamacare is a failure. The democrats created a program that does not work.  Do you want care or coverage? The ACA killed the healthcare sym
More like, this bandaid isn't working... have we tried polio?
GOP response: Cool
You put a lot of thought into that analogy. I guess the NYT will hire any schlub off the street now as long as they have an ax to grind.
Why should we have hearts when they don't?
And the insanity continues!! The meatheads in D.C. will never realize that they are supposed to work FOR US!! Vote them out! TERM LIMITS!!
More literally, it's like a heart surgeon saying "I can't do anything at all for you since you don't have insurance."
Yes. Don't the people deserve a plan at least as good as Congress has?
Liberal false equivalences are like imaginary french fries to go with their nothing burgers. Lots of them.
"Because it's not working at 100%"
That sounds disheartening ......
A better analogy is "I'm sorry sir, your surgery is possible, but no surgeons in this state will accept the payment being offered"
What were we the tin man before Obamacare? It's only been around 7 years and we act like it'll be mass genocide.
Yea. It's exactly like that. Good grief
We know you radicals are dancing in the streets  knowing that more Americans can't afford healthcare, especially millennials. 
#repeal
Um yeah, that's exactly what we're doing #EyeRoll
Well Trump has no  doesn't care!
I liked @maddow analogy: "it's like responding to your house being burgled by removing all your doors."
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Hey it's the GOP! 2018 is coming do something about it!
I can't cure your cancer, so I'll just remove it, cool?
Can they just remove all the tRumps , paul ryan,  mcConnell, pence, kushner oh...forget it, the whole damn administration's hearts!!
Today's winner of the Internet
"But I'll find you a new one in a couple of years, maybe."
Nice analogy 
Assistant surgeon Lee Zeldin
YES!  watch for the "blame Dems spin." ...its  Dems  keeping millions without health coverage because they won't agree to awful Repub bill.
And going into 2018...
Perfect analogy!
"I alone can fix it." Right...
Implying America was living "heartless" before Obamacare?
Simple repeal would have been stupid, in my opinion.  Still needs to be fixed.
GOP  showed some sense by deciding not to steal Red Chief from the original bungling kidnappers
Whacked comparisons. One is a living thing the other is a dead formulae that will multiply like a plague.
you're so pathetic
I think Trump is the one w no ... 
@noybsk2017 Interesting metaphor because the GOP has no heart.
#heartless
#gutless
#brainless...
The GOPs Ultimate Solution.  If poor are dead, then problem solved!

Brilliant! Too bad they don't get it.

And too bad you couldn't afford to be on Plavix over the last 7 yrs.
But before I do, you want a tic tac?
They've never needed one
THIS IS A GOOD ONE   EXACTLY THE WAY IT WOULD BE
I think it's more like The Heart Surgeon saying I won't do the transplant Because I get Paid more for not doing it!
In fairness to McConnell, he wouldn't see a problem with this having lived without a heart for years.
will it lower my cost?
Sen Casey just called it #RepealAndRunAway on Hardball
No, it's like the previous Asshole in that Office and his ilk decided that the Govt should control it's citizens Health Care.
perfect. GOP is mentally ill. the whole party.
How stupid can you be?
He's practicing..
BAAAHAHAHAHAAA!!! Fuckin dope. You meant the Dems passage of Obamacare ripped heart of healthcare. It's always Opposite Day in Big Lib world
No it's like saying....you can't afford me so I'm going to let you hire a doctor you can afford.
 Sad but true
PERFECT

More like:"I tried to do transplants on everyone,despite you having PERFECTLY HEALTHY hearts,but people complained,so I'll just REMOVE them"
GOP effort to #RepealObamacare is like a surgeon removing a tumor and not replacing it with another one.
Futurams did it!
So, you're #ProChoice, but you're against @GOP aborting Obamacare.
Obamacare was forced upon us like a facehugger
No.  It's actually nothing like that.  Hack.
Would have made great sense for Dick Cheney.
TrumpKKKins primary goal is to let poor people die, too them being poor means loser so they're better off dead. It all about me me and me.
Just like Vietnam. We’re going to have to destroy the village to save it.
("Because I can't let you keep that heart...OBAMA gave it to you")
My heart is broken since the Obamas left the White House.
My heart is broken at what has happened to America.
Excellent analogy. Anyone who doesn't see that must suffer from an inadequate vocabulary that's really bad, like, whatever...
Perfect comparison
Really?
Guess we did a pretty good job of surviving without hearts for 230+ yrs before Obamacare.
Flatlining
Members of the #GOP have been living without hearts for years.
Funny! RCA AHCA and ACA will not work. We need to transplant that atherosclerotic wasteful multipayer system heart with a #SinglePayer one
But the strategy is, "take govt out of healthcare and the free market will create competition/lower costs." Tea Party rears its ugly head.
Free mkt doesn't work 4 healthcare because demand is not regulated by supply, but by need.

Pretty much. "We need your kidney for this billionaire's transplant anyway."
Like Fry in Futurama 'My Three Suns'
Lady cures her breast cancer with clean diet, Dr offers a mastectomy 
As a heart surgeon I can confirm that would not work.
It's more like taking a dog's food supply away but leaving chicken bones everywhere.
Great great analogy.
Do u think @potus runs his bizs this way: using a "cross your fingers & hope 4 the best" strategy?

Trump and the GOP lack good character.... immoral bunch of creeps...
"Remove heart now. Replace at an indeterminate date. Or never."
I'll remove the heart and replace it at a later date but I won't give you a time frame.
Kristof's effort to make an analogy is like a @NYTimes columnist completely failing at making an analogy. Cool?
Mr Kristof: The GOP wanted this. Why? They couldn't come up with a better plan. Now they can say:" The BAD DEMOCRATS prevented us from..."
Do you see a problem with that? Let's not forget some are, pardon the pun, heartless after all.
Maybe that surgeon can remove #mitchmcconell's heart, if they can find.

An important tweek to the analogy is that the current heart is perfectly healthy
Yep. Let bridge collapse & kill a few people. Then we'll be all gung-ho to build a new one better than old in memory of dead . Just fix it!


Plot twist: Mitch McConnell is the patient and there is a tiny confederate soldier action figure in the place where his heart should be.
Please AFFORDABLE CARE ACT
It's like having wood rot  in floor joists can't find the right wood but will just remove the foundation for now
drop!!  you sir are so right !!

After all, the GOP seems to be doing fine without one, right?  #Resist #SaveACA
Hmmm what did we do before Odimwitcare?
Exactly. Trump and his cohorts are heartless SOBs. Get them all out of office
We'll just take it out until we have a new one.
Indeed!
Pre-Obamacare...humans were living without a heart !
"The party of Science"
...when all you need is a statin, not even surgery.
They have to let the patient die before they put in the new heart. Working on a dead patient carries no risk. Right guys?

Sigh.  Not true.  Did you READ what @SenMajLdr said? Clearly not.
Here tis:
My statement on an upcoming vote to repeal #Obamacare 
#Dems aren't learning the lesson, not noticing they lost opportunity to keep #Obamacare in other form.
And will keep on, whole-loaf LOSING.
Defense mechanism of projection, in your tweet reply to me.
I was against #BCRA too. It SEEMS vindictiveness for it to be crafted in secret, but now it's been out long enough.  #Dems didn't (tbc)
(from tbc)
recognize the #BCRA opportunity to chime in, compromise to FIX #ACA so their whole-loaf stubbornness then cut them out.

Pity.
So now what do we conclude?
Was #GOP move a feint all along?
MAYBE.
But @TheDemocrats coulda turned it into a way to save #ACA.
They didn't.
No it means we go back to pre ACA law. Then we fix real problems with out socialism
What could go wrong?
That's silly. You don't have enough healthcare to get a transplant.
Please. Like people didn't have cheaper healthcare insurance before ACA.
"I can't melt this iceberg, but I'm not taking over as captain of the Titanic"
"30% of it doesn't work, so I'll just remove 100% of it"
More like, 'I can't cure your diabetes, but I can derail this locomotive that is rolling over you.'
OMG...you are spot on Nicholas! Spot on!
*at genius bar* "I can't fix your computer but I CAN throw it against this wall."
Bad analogy is bad.
There was no heart 8 yrs ago?

People didn't die before Obiecare, they won't now. More uninsured now than ever! On a side note, the sky is not falling and stop crying wolf
They're miffed bc 7 years of obstructing the black president led to impotence. So they have to strike back at constituents who said no way!
looks like ocare is being done away with by insurance companies. how many counties don't have options? how high has your cost risen?
Excellent analogy!
Neither the @GOP nor their base have any heart that we're aware of.

#NeverRepeal
Trump is the lead lemming running the Republicans off the healthcare cliff.
Or, "I can't remove the tumor, so I'll remove your whole brain." Wouldn't be able to tell the difference re: @GOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr
Except 8 years ago, BEFORE 0bamacare.......people had better insurance at lower rates. Why do you type NEVER mention that?
No. No they did not. They had life time caps, could be!refused coverage and millions more had no insurance at all.
And now additional millions pay the penalty as its cheaper than any mediocre plan today. 

You have a right to health care NOT insurance
So you're not even going to try to defend your earlier statement?  Will you try to defend this one when I point out how absurd it is?
I wonder if the 'Men In Black' screwed up & missed the alien, who in turn started the Republican Party on it's way to what it is today!
#ImbecileWithRidiculousMetaphorsAlert
Hey @realDonaldTrump is this your brilliant plan?
It's more like a removing cancer but that was a fun for you to tweet I bet.
Or like the @nytimes saying "we can't do fair coverage so we'll just make crap up all the time on everything"  #FakeNewsMedia
So Obamacare created coverage out of thin air?  What oh what did we do b4? Repeal and let the market work.government interference nvr works
....w no replacement
This country went for more than 200 years before your messiah's ACA. Trust me, it can handle a #FullRepeal of that boondoggle.
@MeredithGould so true!
This is like base jumping without a parachute and saying, "We'll figure out how to land safely on the way down."
And I'll put you on a machine for a couple of years and see if I can get a new one. If not, you'll die. #HaveAniceDay!
More like an oncologist excising a malignancy and leaving reconstruction for later.
All to please #FakePresident who has no brain & no heart.
Considering I am in the cardiac unit right now that was painful to read
Just another "unbiased journalist!"
So your analogy is that if Obamacare is repealed, there will be no private insurance, Medicare, or Medicaid at all. How exactly?
More like a brain transplant. Except when the surgeons went in to Trump's head they found no brain to remove.
Except you've only had your heart for a few years, and it's never really worked too well. Also, it's actually your appendix.
We're talking about now.  The past is irrelevant.  Just watch what will happen to the marketplace when uncertainty reigns.
The past is never irrelevant. Uncertainty always reigns. There is no marketplace.
Oh, honey, business does NOT like uncertainty.  You think just repealing is just fine?  Wait and see, dearie, wait and see.
