@SenWarren you are criminals holding the Senate hostage You played dirty w Harry Reid for years. Now pay for your own games
Maxine Waters is an idiot. I don't pay attention to her. She would serve better on Jerry Springer show.
Thank you for standing up for a noble cause.
Thank you Senator Merkley!
We are counting on you.
We don't need you to speak any longer.  We need a person to up hild God's principles not yours.  Get off the floor now or mock God.
Thank you Senator. You've a new fan down the coast. #holdthefloor #NoGorsuch #Trumprussia #russiagate #impeachTrump
We salute you so
Cant tell you how much we appreciate  your effort.
Thank you! Keep up the great work!
Drink more coffee
Please go to bed. When you awake read your Bible and Constitution. That will help you make better decisions.
the world needs more humans like you, sir.
15 hours! I'm impressed & grateful. I stayed with him until about hour 13 when I fell asleep. But I learned a lot&hope he changed s&minds.
You only represent Oregon snowflakes , most of Oregonians despises you...
Thank senator. You have a new fan and respect from Ca. I appreciate you standing for those of us who aren't in a position of influence
Thank you!!! @realdonaldtrump should not be able to appoint a Supreme Court justice during his last year in office.
U are a hypocrite. Suggest you do some research into your own corrupt party. There was a time I would vote dem, never again.
Sir
Thank you Senator Merkley!  This is important work that you are doing.  #holdthefloor #TheResistance
It's too bad that Dem's will ruin the process
Also, independent, bipartisan investigation into Drumpf's ties to Russia
Where were you when your party stole seats, made backroom deals, etc...Not even the case now!

ayyy blaze it
Senator you nailed this interview, I want the weed you're smoking!!! Makin us proud... #FilibusterGorsuch #420
Please bring up fact #gorsuch plagiarized. Thank you for #holdthefloor
It was incredible to see my Senator filibuster with a breaking news story about the topic of the filibuster. #HoldTheFloor #NoGorsuch
people aren't interested in your self absorbed aggrandizing grandstanding..get back to work and do something nit wit.
you get encouragement from a angry leader looking for revenge? And a liar who used false ancestry for money. Hypocrites
Thank you@SenJeffMerkley! You are a Senator we can be proud of. I appreciate your sacrifice and fight!
You Schumer Warren and the other idiots of your party are putting this country at stake. Accept your loss.
Where were ya when it was time 2 read the monstrous bill obama&pelosi fraudulently sold 2 America & stole the $'s right out of their pockets
There are senators that I consider my senator even though I'm from Ohio, because they fight for the issues I care about. You are on my list
SC seat was not stolen-didn't belong to Garland.  Gorsuch is highly qualified. Vote Yes.
4:20...I guess it is twice a day
We cant thank you enough
 Thank you!!
Go, man, go. We are all rooting for you!
THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE TO OUR COUNTRY!!
Thank you so much for your courage, integrity and plain hard work.
Very grateful for you and all you do for Oregon and our nation.
Thank you!
How do you democRATS live with yourselves?  Lying @Russia, lying@ Gorsuch. If you guys didn't have lies, you'd have ZERO.
@subverzo 420 is the sign of the times
Thank you!
thank you!
keep it up Jeff.
To bad so sad all that BS energy went for nothing. Boo Hoo
Shout out!!!
Rockstar!
Nothing is a stake except to change the corrupt Lib Dems to a more reasonable party. The party of no must go.
Thank you!!
You lose in the end buddy, and America wins.
So many proud to wake up to see you on the news back here. Thoughts & pride your way.
Socialist threat to the Republic with obstructionism
Prepare to be be Rick-Rolled.
Which begs the question who is doing all the tweets on your account you've been hacked probably Rice she know how
Thank you so much!
What have you changed by this display? Should have READ the constitution aloud all those hours. Why not?
nice
You Dems are so full of hate & hypocrisy. Get over it. You lost and we won. Live in reality.
Hahaha #legalizeit !
So what do you think you have proven? That you have crazy Liz as a follower? Gorsuch has more integrity in his little finger than all of DNC
Saw you last night at 6:00pm (PDT), and again at 6:00-ish this morning. @MSNBC  Respect your efforts.
Shame on you. You Democrat Liberals never did this to Obama--I will never vote Democrat again!
Your heroism is an important reminder to all that there are still some good men left out there. Thank you.
Hold the line, Sen Merkley!  Meanwhile, other Senators should be on a testosterone & bone-building calcium regimen until they have some guts
STOP and get to doing some real work!
Senator,,,,, nice
@vicenews wyd
Obstructionist BS
Wrong!  You should be thinking about us getting hit with a North Korean Nuke.   We want the Senate  to work 8 hours a day Mon-Fri
So "stealing" a seat is bad, but MURDERING Justice Scalia to GET that seat is OK? GOTCHA. DEM VERMIN.
You are a FOOL! He will be confirmed!
Thank you Senator Merkley for your unselfish actions last evening. You sir are a true patriot and a good man. #realgoodman
Thank you for being our senator! Fight hard! Fight loud! Fight for us! #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch
4:20? Hmmmm.......
Thank you for representing us, Senator.
You may have solidified my plans to move to OR. Thank you for your service to our nation!
Thank you Senator Merkely for standing up for what is right
Should have done it before McConnell filed. Why advertise an embarrassing lack of planning?
Go get 'em patriot. We have your back.
YOU ARE DOING THE BEST JOB EVER!!!!! NEVER BE DISCOURAGED!!!!
Senator Merkley you are a hero. Thank you for standing up for the good not the greed! Bless you!!
Bless you Sir!
OREGON  LOVES YOU!
4:20... You attempting to portray yourself as hip or something? What a load of crap.
Am sure all of your Liberal constituents are so proud of your wasting everyone's time. And we f'g pay you to act like a fool? Good grief!
Thank you so much! #HoldTheFloor
That's MY Senator!
. @SenJeffMerkley This is what we need from our representatives. Thank you. 
We Oregonians support you, sir.
Go Jeff.  You've got 100% support behind you.
You are my hero right now! Thanks for standing up for us #HoldtheFloor #StopGorusch #WeThePeople
Thanks, Jeff!
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley! #holdthefloor #StopGorsuch @SenJackReed @SenWhitehouse
yes our country's safety from you liberals

Hero. Thank you.
Thank you for your hard work, Senator!!!!!!!
THANK YOU FOR FIGHTING FOR US!
Ok it is muy important but did anyone else think of the song by @cypresshill  Hits From the B@ng
Was this a subtle shoutout to marijuana proponents?
Thank you so much! I would stand with you if I could. 
You are my new hero.  So proud to be an Oregonian!  Thanks for your courage and efforts.  #StopGorsuch #ImpeachTrump
Thank you, Senator! Well done.
Thank you!
get to ur office and work for our state! Stop playing games! #voteGorsuch
Use the Nuclear option and vote.  We need Gorsuch on the court NOW.
What a waste. The best SCOTUS pick in decades, and you're wasting taxpayer money to block it. Wake up!
@GorsuchFacts is an outstanding pick for @SCOTU. Unlike you, he cares for the law how it was written.
Thank you, Senator, for standing up, literally, for our democracy. We can't give in or give up. We stand (figuratively) with you.
Respect
#grow up.....get a job you're qualified for....#sexchatroom
@SenSchumer @SenFeinstein Plz someone take care of him during this ordeal! He needs refreshments like a Snickers bar & some throat coat tea.
<3  Thank you, sir.
Go Senator!  We're with you! #HoldTheFloor
God bless you.  Thank you.
THANK YOU
Thank you from my heart!
What's at stake? The Democratic party's desire to legislate from the bench instead of through Congress? Do any Democrats rue the Biden rule?
thank you Sir!!
Go man go
Bravo and thank you for standing up and speaking out!
420 
Thank you Senator! As one of your constituents, it makes me proud and grateful that you're fighting the good fight!
Thank you Senator!
Gogogo
Thank you.
THANK YOU, GOOD JOB
Thank you Senator.
Thank you!!
Well done and thank you!
You're awesome! I am so grateful to you. Thank you @SenJeffMerkley You are a true patriot and hero for our country!
You are amazing, thank yo Senator!
Thank you for your leadership and vigilance.
Idiot!
Thank you for your work.
thank you!
So what changed since the time Gorsuch was unanimously confirmed until now? Just the fact Trump picked him. Grow up.
hope your states voters remember you at election time,,, #wasteofawastefulgovernment
Over here in Portugal, I watched you talking in Washington's wee hours. You're an inspiration for all people everywhere who value justice.
Thank you thank you thank you. You can read your tweets!!
Senator, your country is watching you be a hero. We love you for it. Stay strong #HoldTheFloor
A politician with integrity is a rarity. Thank you for having convictions and standing for them.
Thank you Senator!
GORSUCH HAS A 97% CONFIRMATION RECORD, WHICH MEANS THE LEFT APPOINTED JUDGES AGREED WITH HIM 97% OF THE TIME! THIS IS A FACT. #partisanbs
Thank you!!!
Thank you so much. #hero
Keep going! You guys are doing the right thing
It seems likes it's always 4:20 with Merkley and the rest of the stoned hippie moonbats in Oregon.
Your the greatest watching from the UK
I am glad you're doing this. Please point out the Mitch McConnell is complete hypocrite. He does not speak for the "American People" !!!
Thank you and God bless you, sir!
And managed to work in a coded plea for legalization at the same time. #4:20 #2Birds1Stoned
American Hero!
Thank you Senator for standing up for all of us!
Thank U so much. If Repubs use nuclear option, then the Repubs hurt their own power in the future.
Thank you
thank you!!!!
get'em!

Also, nice.
Thank You for fighting for the little guy Sir appreciate you #holdthefloor
Up with @SenJeffMerkley at #420.
#MerrickGarland 
#resist 
#notmypresident 
#RussiaInvestigation
Go Merkley go!
Thank you, Senator Merkley!
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley for standing up for women's rights!
You are one of our heros!! Thank you!
Thank you Senator...
Ayye lmao
4:20. Noted.
Thank you Senator! Excellent job -- wish the other 99 could learn from your example, and truly appreciate your message.
Thank you.  #HoldTheFloor #resist
Thank you so much!
You're a hero
Thank you Senator!

Thank you, Senator! We stand with you! Sending you strength. #StopGorsuch #HoldTheFloor
Stay strong, Senator!  Thank you! #holdthefloor #StopGorsuch
Thank you... I got home about 3:30AM didn't find any live viewing then, but would've 'd like crazy if I'd found it!
Thank you sir for doing the job the founders intended #holdthefloor #StopGorsuch
