Here are some of the 100+ amendments I’m introducing in this #healthcare debate today. It’s time to improve, not destroy our #healthcare.
Thank you, Senator
As a disabled senior this budget is a death sentence for me. Will make me homeless, hungry, without medical care. No money, no car, no hope.
I can relate.....
Probably millions of us can. It feels like passive genocide for the poor, elderly, disabled, kids. GOP won't have to dispose of the bodies
Sorry, just incredibly stressed and terrified. Knowing I'm not alone actually makes it worse in a way. I weep for myself and for all
Maybe we need to begin enjoying what we can for as long as we can. If we keep stressing we will miss out on the good still here.
yes, that's my plan, as much as I can. Thank you. 
You are a #Hero.
More. Lies. 73% Off Ocare would leave v o l u n t a r i l y
All bunk I'm sure.
Senator Merkley you are my hero!  Thank you for standing up for the people of Oregon.
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! You may save millions of lives by doing this.
.@SenJeffMerkley @SenateGOP @voxdotcom Thank you! We are grateful for your representation every day.
You go Jeff!!!!  A constituent from Ashland:)
Thanks for the trillions of dollars of lost growth you guys caused.
Keep up the fight!
Thank you Senator Merkley.
Yes! Go Senator Merkely! Give em hell Jeff! 
Thank you Senator Merkley
Thank you Senator Merkley - you should be president.
Senator I asked Sen Murphy this: Offer amendments or a bill of what Obamacare SHOULD of looked like if given more time in 2010
Proud to have you as my senator!
Keep at it Jeff Merkley.  Thank-you for representing us in Oregon!
@msrachelwolf @SenateGOP the whole thing is rubbish!
Lmao but yet you offer nothing to fix current #aca
The obstruction continues...
Millions of illegals that the Democrat party want citizens to pay for! NO!
Good for you! Thank you!!!
Hopefully at least one of them is to save the Public Health and Prevention Fund!
Thank you for your tireless work.
Thank you! Proud that you're my Senator !
Thank you!!!
So proud and grateful for your representation. Thank you! #SaveACA
As usual you Dems are of no help.
Keep the amendments coming! All the way to 2018!
Did you add how to fund all of these ammendments or are you just grandstanding knowing they will be rejected? Or do you think it's all free?
Thank you, Senator Merkley!
Come on, Obamacare is a disaster. Just more Dem BS!
Jeff why didn't YOU introduce ONE AMENDMENT to fixed the OBAMACARE Mess you made & Lied about! 28 Million Americans are not covered today?
doing Oregon proud - thank you Senator!
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you!!
Brilliant idea!
You. Are. Awesome.
Thank you for working to save the ACA
I love you senator merkley!!
You are again taking the role of obstructionist rather than offering constructive debate
100 amendments to the REPUBLICANS bill. How is that obstructing? That's cooperation.
Ironic. Saving & fixing the ACA would be the cheapest option. I thought Republicans cared about fiscal responsibility LOL
Awesome! Thank you for being a true American working to PROTECT us, not destroy us. #SaveMedicaid #SaveACA
Thank you for being wicked smart and willing to do the nitty gritty fighting that must be done. Proud to be an Oregonian.
Go ahead, JM
You rock Sen Merkley!!
WHO VOTED OBAMACARE INTO EXISTENCE  MR MERKLEY? THE DEMS! YOUR PARTY OWNS THIS MESS! So don't act so high and mighty!!
Repubs had 7 yrs to come up w/ a plan & can't-Their idea of a healthcare plan: take cov'g from the poor, give $800 BILLION tax cut to rich
Kinda like what the Dems did! DEMS OWN THIS MESS! BTW, both houses were Dems & I lost my healthcare, still paid a lot of money 4 nothing!
Thank you, Senator!!
Go Jeff. But slowly eh!
Thank you!
Sad day in our country when a stack of papers is all that stands in between greed and human lives.  They are shameful cowards at best.
Good work! Proud to be represented by you in the Senate!
Thank you! Keep fighting
Someone get this man some coffee there is work to be done.
I'm sure @SenJohnMcCain is more than willing to work with you, but I'm just one of those people on twitter/social media 
how about just one: reduce medicare age to 0 ... well, maybe 2: and switch all govt employees to the new plan
Thank you, Senator Merkley. I hope every other @SenateDems member will follow your lead and offer dozens or hundreds of amendments.

Thanks, Jeff for keeping Oregon well now and into the future.
Hey guys, how about we all Thank Sen Merkley and RT in support @funder @teapain @rosie @Alyssa_Milano
Thankful for elected officials w/the intelligence, endurance, backbone+integrity to stand up for rights+needs of all Americans. #Merkley2020
Amendment 101. Make them also repeal house and senate #healthcare for the duration of their debating process.
Give 'em more than they can handle @SenJeffMerkley! Thank you!
My favorite Senator, proud to have voted for Senator Jeff Merkley:)
What a great idea! Make them vote and show what they vote against. I'd like to see "no increases for 55 or older" on that list too!
Thank you for your efforts!
Yo!!!!!! DC is hot and humid in AUG compared to O but we are counting on you to expose them and protect our care. thank you
So happy to see this; keep 'em coming!

...do you need more? Glad to generate some for you, if it'd help. #filibusterbyamendment

Oregon has a hell of a senator in you, sir. Thank you for your hard work.
Add some more for mental health, for good measure?
This is great, but how about adding an amendment that would replace the bill with real solutions, such as single payer?
Thank you, Senator!
YES!
Thank you! I suspect I'll be tweeting thanks to my Senators a lot less often after moving from OR to TX next month.
Thank you, Senator. I wish I didn't have @tedcruz and @JohnCornyn who hate Americans as my senator.
Then vote them out!
Give 'em hell Senator Merkley!
Love this!!  So much!  Thank you! 
Brilliant, Senator!  Thank you!
@senateGOP needs to reckon with how this healthcare issue is going to end all of their careers.
thank you for fighting!
You go Jeff!! Democrats here in Oregon are behind you all the way. Keep ACA alive! Trump doesn't have a clue what insurance is. Thank you!!!
Thank you Senator Merkley!!!
Oof. How do you deal with working every day with people across the aisle who are okay with doing such things? I would get too angry.
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley !!!
thank you for fighting every day, senator. i'm proud of the way you represent us. together we #Resist

Thank you Senator!
Good to hear. Thank you for looking out for us.
Thank you sir.
Go, Jeff, Go!
Go for it!
