It hopped on a plane to moscow
Or be removed.... perjury is perjury and Sessions is supposed to be the so-called Attorney General of the United States 
He has still not disclosed his third meeting at the Mayflower hotel
At this moment, just get him out, he has lied under oath what's taking so long this is ridiculous
AG Sessions needs to resign....he has repeatedly mislead and lied to the American ppl....
Lock him up. Lock him .. sigh ..
The hits keep coming from the administration. Seems like a setup to destroy our country and make us vulnerable. Impeach Trump
Nonexistent
Rhetorical question. The real question is: what does Trump have on Jeffy?
He has NONE!!!
Where is the integrity of Ryan, McConnell or any of the Republican partisanship? What if HRC had been elected and she had previous ties to R
Sessions is nothing but a cynical trump lapdog who has already shown he lacks integrity. He is the opposite of what the US needs.
Integrity and justice are not part of the makeup of the current administration.
This 
What integrity is there in our laws if we continue to allow a man that perjured himself to become our nations top law official?
None!
Maggot @jeffsessions that must B removed from Gov't.! He's a hillbilly from hell, that should B playing a banjo in the Bayou. #resist #p2
Senator we all know he has no integrity or morals. Justice for him is the same for most of his GOP brethren, authoritarian control of others
I'm not certain he ever had either.
It never existed so I wouldn't even bother asking that question....
His 'integrity' lies in his 'loyalty' to Drumpf; his idea of integrity! May they all come crashing down....
Every single Senator needs to stand up just like this and call a spade a spade !
You're looking for integrity & commitment to justice from a bigot who lied under oath?
It's in his Klan hat.
In Hell, waiting for the rest of him to arrive.
STOP the GOP and the only GACK in town...
he must resign NOW
Thank you.
Session perjured himself- he has zero integrity
So WTF is going to be done? I'm sick of hearing these atrocious things being done with nothing done to STOP them. DO SOMETHING!! SHIT!!
844-611-3137 call your senators!
Buried in the GOP dungpile as $millions in corporate #SlushpilesUnited were digested.
Troublesome and he should either resign or be forcibly removed from that position.
He has none!
Sessions is an old time,hard-core racist who is Hell bent on undoing our civil liberties and taking away our rights.He needs to be booted.
In the drawer with his Confederate Flag handkerchiefs?
I thought Sessions swore to act independently from Trump. To do his job! Another @realDonaldTrump puppet! #NoHonorInWH
He never had any integrity and his only commitment is to money and power.
He has none !
The racists doesn't have any morons
Did he ever have either "integrity" or "commitment to justice" as an Alabama racist?
It's in Tussia. Is this a trick question?
"His" implies ownership. I'm willing to wager that "integrity and commitment to justice" were never at #JeffSessions' disposal.
Truer words never was spoken or written!
The same place they were when he perjured himself: the realm of "nonexistence".
I'd laugh, but...
@stellabystarlit 

He has none. 
#crooked
#Comey 
#CrookedDonald 
#Sessions
@SenateDems need to take a play from the GOP playbook & beat this like drum. #sessions is hurting this country. We need to get him OUT!
I know it's wrong to hate but I cannot stand Sessions. Almost more than Trump.
#sessionsLied #SessionsMustResign
Its not an alternative universe. Its an amoral unethical universe  sessions must go. They all must go
@myamulata 

Perhaps Sessions took the loyalty to 45 pledge.

He has neither.
No souls...unknown feelings/thoughts.
It never existed. Ask corvette
Anyone following his career knows that racist troll has none.
There is no integrity anymore! This disabled combat veteran is ready 2 find some JUSTICE! #VeteransResist #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Speak LOUDLY so we can all be heard!  #Resist
Sessions is a known lying slime. He should never have been confirmed as AG, he is worthless.
Lame cover, at that.
He is a bank robber who gets to guard the bank & the jail.
He is a lifelong racist and demagogue. What the hell do you expect?
Let's indict Sessions, too, while we're at it.  Lock him up!
You Senators! Are you going to be hero's or zeros?
Better decide! Is Orange the new Red?
You are not talking about Sessions because he has zero integrity
You mean the integrity and commitment to justice of a man who lied under oath and exposed by a letter from Coretta Scott King?
#Sessions is a #Trump puppet. "You know that. I know that. We all know that." 
#SessionsMustResign
And he was recused!!! Another #Liar! It's a job requirement for #FakePrez
This presumes it ever existed
I doubt that if it is not evident to the average person, then it does not exist
Sessions left his integrity in Alabama! They can only be re-united after he resigns as AG!
Get real! If the 1 GOP had any integrity they'd be screaming for impeachment!
Never existed. Need a moral compass to achieve honor & integrity.
You're taking about Sessions. Where had his integrity EVER been

At all

Even once
Ha ha ha ha
Bwaaa ha ha ha
sessions has no integrity
i'm not convinced he is a conscious life form
Rhetorical question, no doubt.
Are you joking? Sessions? 'integrity' 'commitment to justice'? Hahaha
Umm, it is Sessions you're talking about. Integrity? Justice? Don't think so.
Where were you as FBI said clearly to your face
nothings changed in the phony investigation.

It's now bigger than before.
Replay the Tape.
Here Retard - Stupid Fg/Dem's 

Recap Straight from @Acting @FBI Director 
says Russia investigation still on 

http://a.msn.com/07/en-us/BBB1Meq?ocid=stFBI …
@julli_g  Sessions has no integrity or commitment to justice. That was clear long before the Senate confirmed him.
Where is integrity to be found anywhere in Trump's Administration?
#Sessions does not have integrity or commitment and that's why he works for #Trump! No morals with these two nor any allegiance to America!
A false story to go along w/ a false recusal and a real admission of perjury . Sessions needs to go home
Sadly, like our president and too many in the #GOP, #Sessions views his oath as simply words on a page; hears the words, not the meaning.
@lindsayrda53 He's a Weasel..Trumper ask him to jump.Hell ask how high??sleazeball..
You cannot lose what you never had...an offensive flag or money he's more committed to.
There's no integrity or commitment to justice that's the problem
Sessions has always been a weasel, no one in the WH can be trusted, they are all involved up to their eyeballs.
I'm an old white guy.I know Sessions has never had any integrity nor commitment to justice. Always been an old school racist - white trash.
Senator Jeff Merkley 
@ViewFromWise Your daily reminder of when Sessions turned to his lawyers and handlers for guidance before lying under oath.
He does not have any commitment. He took the loyalty pledge to #tRUMP Time to #IndictSessions for lying under oath and #ObstructionOfJustice
And illegal! #PrisonForSessions
NO BUSINESS AS USUAL until an independent investigator is appointed.  Thank you, Senator.
Did you just use "integrity" in the same sentence as "Sessions"?? @USAGSessions  That man has zero. "This is Trump's Office now!"
YESSSSS! You aren't my Senator but I love your style and fight. #russiagate #sessionsstepdown #theresistance
left it in his other suit...
He is most definitely NOT the peoples' attorney, as he should be. Too allegiance to Trump and crooked as hell.
What integrity? Too awful to contemplate. He ought to be impeached with the rest of them.
@joshtpm Sessions is part of whole collusion with Russians thing. He was part of transition & met w Russians. He's complicit
He lied under oath about meeting with the Russians and was involved with firing Comey. How is he still not fired?
Integrity? Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III? Ha, good one. He perjured himself during his confirmation hearing and is a known racist.
Left it at the door when he lied during his hearing. And truthfully, he never had it to begin with.
There is no integrity or commitment to justice from this man.....none.
Have to agree with this one.
Clearly he has none. Never has.
I'm more worried about DAG! We know Sessions is in Trump's pocket; the new DAG is supposed to have integrity. He wrote 3 pgs of malarkey.
Those have been MIA for many years.
He never had any.  Why is everyone surprised?
If he had any, he wouldn't have perjured himself in confirmation hearings.
And again will fall on deaf ears. They only hear when money in their pockets are filled.
When did sessions ever have integrity
It's same place as commitment to Constitutional values--way behind partisanship and love of tax cuts for the rich.
Crank Up the Impeachment Machine and Put Sessions in Jail
Trump needs liars. His plan relies on it in order to control the narrative. Trump has Compromised the GOP in Congress. Find GOP compromises.
Integrity from Perjury Sessions? You make me laugh.
A search for Sessions' integrity & commitment to justice isn't like Where's Waldo, where it's well hidden but actually in there somewhere.
Jeff Sessions has no honor, no ethics & no integrity. He must be removed, disbarred & criminally charged.
He needs to resign. Please call for his resignation.
Sessions has no integrity. He never did. Just look at his history!
They both should be gone
Whoever said "REDNECK SESSIONS" has any INTEGRITY?
Sessions is blindly loyal to Trump out of fear of losing his job.
That would be the proverbial needle in the haystack.
Pathetic
oh now you question his ethics? After he lied under oath and was still confirmed? US Senate = cowardly lapdogs
In the drawer where he keeps his confederate battle flag.
You're asking Sessions to produce something he's never had. OK if you were to ask him to produce Travis like villainous treasonous bastard
Also, I'm thinking that the opposite of @INTEGRITY_HT is probably something like @hansonmusic...
Nothing would give me more satisfaction than seeing Evil Keebler Elf fitted with an orange jumpsuit. He is Evil.
In Russia
"Where is his integrity and commitment to justice?" ANSWER: He came to this position without any and he is still the same man.
He doesn't care.  So you need to go nuclear.
Deputy Atty General Rosenstein also agreed to do that and you senator voted to confirm Rosenstein even though 6 of your colleagues voted no.
He has no integrity; no commitment to justice. This is wrong choice for AG, of course this is why trump picked him because he's unscrupulous
He had any?
The blatancy of this admin's arrogance and power driven goals in disregard to the impact on our daily lives is quite insulting.
It's in the same place as trump's integrity and Marco Rubio's spine.
The fact that Sessions aligned himself politically in the first place with Trump tells you everything you need to know about his moral loss.
Hes a racist. "integrity and commitment to justice"?
He might have left "his integrity and commitment to justice" in AL along with his hood.
It's written down on a piece of paper that's hidden inside Trumpov's decoder ring that they kiss ... regularly !!!  
Fire him! Enough is enough. #FireSessions
@ThomasJ17762016 He should be in jail how goes a attorney keep license after he lies under oath??
We must remember - session is covering for himself also
When those charged with enforcement of the law, at the highest level, break the law, is a revolt the only option? Thanks #trumprussia.
He never had either.
Why do you ask?
Correct me if I'm wrong @ABAesq but isn't recusing self for conflict of interest, then sabotaging same investigation grounds for disbarment?
Sessions has never shown any signs of integrity - why should he start now, he's the AG he can do almost whatever he wants now. He's #corrupt
Where are your gop colleagues integrity an commitment to our democracy.
Use your power of influence to convince them to do what is right.
Why isn't the Senate doing anything?
Flushed down the toilet somewhere in the Capitol.
Kidding?
Senator Merkley, TY for calling out Sessions for yet another ethics. He should resign or be recalled!
Thank you.
He has none
He didn't give it to anyone in government in Alabama must have lost it along the way.
It never existed in the first place. He's always been a corrupt bigot. That was just ignored so that McConnell and Trump could get cover.
you're talking about jeff sessions...a racist asshole who doesn't have integrity or commitment to justice..
This is all on the cowards who approved his nomination
Can't use integrity for anyone in the GOP right now
They're blatant racists. They are unfamiliar with those terms and actions
Thank you Senator Merkley well said.
Too bad that politicians lying to the American people isn't against the law.If it was,Trump and his admin would be gone! #DonTheCon
He surrendered it when he lied in his confirmation hearing
Well, Sessions never had any, but if he did they'd have been banished to the Siberia along with his dignity (which he never had either).
We need GOP Senators to sound off this way as well, Senator.
It's exactly where it's always been, nonexistent
He lied during his hearings. Not sure he EVER had integrity, ethics, or anything we'd recognize as morals. Beauregard needs to go.
Obvious AG Sessions is loyal to Trump. Planned early on during Trump campaign and GOP's stupidity backs Sessions-Trump corrupt ways
His loyalty Racism & overall craven corrupt nature made him perfect fit for Trump's Administration! #Trumprussia #ImpeachTrump #Russiagate
Unreal. Vote them OUT!
Integrity in this group of pirates? It doesn't exist!
Scare em and make em mad then ask for money.
Lets label it what it is! Obstruction of justice!
Sold!
Sessions must have pledged loyalty to Trump!
Go Jeff! Oregonians are proud of you!
Session is a christian - he has no morals! #resist #ImpeachTrump #Sessions
Thank you Jeff, don't back down in this.
Session is SO bad on SO many levelsHe needs to resign immediately
Integrity? Sessions committed perjury during his confirmation hearing.
His commitments are all to the GOP. He's 100% party over country.
so it was ok for comey to cover for hillary where is your integraty ????
We need a recall election to drain this red and orange swamp....
After lying under oath, now this JeffSessions must resign ! I don't wanna hear or see him anymore !!!
Republicans have invented their own government lying is at the top of their new agenda along with destroying America.
BRAVO, Senator Merkley!  BRAVO!!!     |

#Sessions Attorney General Sessions #Trump #Comey #ComeyFiring #Justice
Since he admitted perjury, he has NONE!
He has no integrity.
#GOP Motives for Supporting Trump ought to be the "Hot Question/Issue" right Now, imo!
@SenSanders @SenSchumer @SenFeinstein @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC Something needs to be done. NOW!
@attorneygeneral @jeffsessions has NEVER had Integrity or a Commitment to Justice
The question presumes he has integrity or a commitment to justice. I suspect he has neither.
