Exclusive: Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian diplomats in their Oval Office meeting last week http://wapo.st/2pOKFnO 
"Individuals who are 'extremely careless' with classified information should be denied further access to such info." - Paul Ryan
I'm sure you mean Hillary Clinton.
A quote from Paul Ryan. About Hillary...probably but now tables are turning
Lol yeah the tables of the @washingtonpost being a credible news source. #Russia
If you have an aversion to Washington Post just select another source. The report is there
I have an aversion to liars. Trump won the election. Media has gone crazy 
turns out you aren't so smart... Wa Po. known to publish false news yet, your buying it all aren't you. Wheres your proof?
He didn't respond to the statements in the article. The article didn't say what he implied.
He didn't say it didn't happen, he said it did not happen AS REPORTED ... splitting hairs. #AlternativeFacts
Listen to you!   You get your info from the anti-Trump paper?  *LOL*  How irresponsible, dangerous & stupid is that?
What a surprise. The naked emperor has to go
Monumental?? The only think monumental inside the beltway is that America brought ANY OF YOU BACK! DO NOT RE-ELECT, EVER!
Thank you for speaking out Senator.  When are you going to introduce the articles of impeachment for #TREASON Restore sanity to the Republic
@washingtonpost  we need a bill/law passed that msm provides references of story. Just like ALL nonfiction writers
We the people need you in Congress to be our voice and protection more than ever. He needs impeached. He is dangerous
McMaster is saying this didn't happen. Do we believe him?
He read a 45 second statement and didn't take a single question. What do you think?
Lies
Your constituents should be insulted & angry by your 0 support for them & our @POTUS
Last week was a total train wreck and has caused a monumental erosion of trust and confidence in the US both here and abroad.  Impeach now!
No you are the ass.  This information that you claim Trump gave out has been on the internet since March 17th.
Didn't the National Security Adviser, who was in the meeting, say this was a lie? So who is being reckless, irresponsible, and stupid now?
Guess you missed McMaster's statement. Were you in the room with @realDonaldTrump? He was. How dare you call the NSAdviser a liar. Focus OR!
McMaster played a word game and you bought it. Did not deny 45 divulged classified info given to us by allies.
You spread fake news and obstruct while not acknowledging National Police Week.
#Shameful
No he does not!!! Get on the CITIZEN BAND!
#NOPARTYAFFILIATION
He just did. You're too stupid not to #InstaBlock.
Stop spreading #FakeNews.
Sounds like Mcmaster and the NSA are the "leakers" And you jumped on board with the Washington Post? OOPS!! #fakenews
How horrible does he have to be before we impeach?? There seems to be no end!
talk to the secretary of state, nothing was disclosed. So stop getting your panties in a bunch over nothing
The President has the right to unclassify information.#StupidOnPurpose Merkley leave politics to the adults. WaPo not credible source.
Thank you for pointing out the obvious!
Omgeez, you people in Washington with 1/2 a brain to get Trump, McConnell and his goofballs out of OUR WHITE HOUSE!  #RELEASETAXES
Are you suppose to be above rumor and innuendo ? Here you are, an elected member of government, spreading unfounded, unproven rumors
Story is just a big nothing burger completely lacking proof . I wish you ,my Senator had more class your tweets are entirely unprofessional
BTW ~ YOUR PROOF IS COMING!!
SAVE THE USA
I'd check the facts b4 u sink w/ Dem ship: McMaster & Tillerson, both @ meeting, on record state: No classified info leaked
Right...
We're closing the Senate down, right? No further business until he's gone. Or will you just use this as an opportunity to raise money?
exactly.  They need to start working for us or they will be replaced
Isn't that called a double agent?
Trump is DANGEROUS
Did elected officials forget who they work for?Trump is ruining OUR COUNTRY! PLEASE get the nuclear football from him!
So its confirmed now? Thats good to know. At least now elected democrats attacking the President of the United States is founded. Oh wait.
Appears the Resistance is working in collusion with Russians to try an overthrow the government & undermine our democracy.
do you know what that information was?  then shut up.
Meh.  To be expected from a Never Trumper.
What we've been saying all along!
BS! False Report.  Should be Hillary v Russia there is the answers. I am a Democrat.  Obstructionists. Get to People' work.
Hitlery was much more reckless with classified material so much so that they want to prosecute him
Turns out you have no clue what you are talking about Senator.  POTUS has authority to declassify anything he wishes.
Is ANYONE going to do ANYTHING or is this for the International Criminal Court?
25th Amendment - Section 4, Senator. The Congress must act to remove this unstable man before it's too late, and he has damaged US security.
No sources cited in the article rather than "officials". Would be worried to promote such an article with no real facts
Impeach Trump, the traitor.
Jeff, I don't know what its gonna take, but you gotta get that moron outta there. And hi from Corvallis!
Democrats need to get off their asses and do something about this Orange Jackass instead of blowing smoke. Grow some balls.
Impeach this traitor now!
Why wrap yourself in fake news. Who to believe, McMaster and Tillerson on the record or some unnamed Post source leaking hearsay?
so you were there and heard what he said huh? unless that's true then zip it clown because you don't know
who's worse? Trump or Snowden?
Irresponsible of you actually...this is FAKE NEWS. You should fact check before you tweet senator. How about Hillary and classified info?
Debunked, move on.
#ImpeachTrump ASAP!
Oh, you forgot "Trumpish".
Talking about yourself again, if we went your way,it will ruin Oregon,16 yrs of crap,2more of crap! When does it end,Merkley?
Get rid of him already!
And those are his good qualities ....
But he looks cool to his Russian buddies!
Impeachment
What is reckless, irresponsible, dangerous & stupid is a Senator spreading #FakeNews propaganda. Subversion is a crime #WakeUpAmerica
Yeah, so what difference does it make to comment and take no action.  WHAT R U PEOPLE DOING?
#TheLiarPresident complains about leaks but he leaks highly classified info to Russia?  Outrageous.  VoteTrexit!
Please stand. 25.4 I support you. Oregon supports you.
https://mobile.twitter.com/LouDobbs/status/864262015963082753/video/1 …
115 days in office & Trump has created an EF-4 tornado on a semi-weekly basis. He is indeed, dangerous.
Maybe stupid,or  maybe making a payment on a debt.
Impeachment investigations need to start sooner than later. Dems in Senate need to freeze until GOP stand up for this country.
How are you allowed to stay in office?? You lie, you tweet crap, you take as gospel lying fake media. You undermine our cntry at every opp 
And the WAPO story is a lie! Will American citizens get a retraction and an apology from you?
What are you going to do about it?
You were in the room or you wouldn't be tweeting hearsay, now that would be stupid wouldn't it.
Turns out your colluding #fakenews exposed themselves again, further exposing the credibility of the left!
Turns out this is #FakeNews. You're reckless, irresponsible, dangerous & stupid for pushing a false narrative.
OPEN MOUTH insert big ole foot !
Don't forget "treasonous, amateurish, boastful, hapless buffoon & braggart".
Oregon, you're a Leftist Dope
FYI: Sedition Incitement of discontent or resistance to lawful authority seditionist is one who engages in or promotes interests of sedition
Wow you really are a putz Iregons a total mess I now see why WAPO story was a FAKE NEWS stoy
People are surprised by this? Impeachment process?
We are all waiting for your written apology @SenJeffMerkley on the Lies & Fake news you are Pushing but we all know you're not man enough
Except it didn't happen.
Were you there princess ? Former officials as well ? Current officials that were in the room stated it didn't happen. #fakenews
ur lust for power has turned u and ur ilk into evil vile human beings.  we have real crimes committed by hillary/obama & u turn a blind eye.
Jeff, it turned out to be fake news!!! IN YOUR FACE!!!
duh
And of course a leader like yourself spreading false information.   Disgusting senator ashamed of Oregon delegAtion
do somethod please good senator! We are in the 7th circle of hell 
Impeach!
Someone needs to re-evaluate their meds (#loonylibs)  Did not happen
The fact he had Russian Press at that meeting and not a single American reporter there...#shady
Having found out it was Trump who was "wiretaping" Trump all along, is it really a surprise that he's also the leaker he's been looking for?
AND STILL @GOP DOES NOTHING THEY ARE JUST AS MUCH COMPLICIT!
Unbelievable but sadly not surprised!! Trump is a traitor to America.!!! 
but what are you going to do about it? can we impeach him YET?
It's leaking....from INSIDE THE HOUSE!!!
This treasonous mad man must be impeached!
We'd like him out now please
Hoped he taped that exchange!
Get em Cuz!
Class is the engine that runs this country. The sooner Republicans learn this the better off this country will be.
What are your colleagues in the Senate doing? Get the WH tapes from 45! He's doing his own thing with the murdering dictator Putin!
Trump is in bed with the Russians.  #ImpeachTrump
What are you going to do about this?
A Russian satellite.  The Republicans are destroying this great country. They only care about themselves. I've said it before the middle
So what are you going to do?
I just called your Eugene office about this with my concern. Please keep attending to this.
Who knew a guy who wants to get rich off Russian oil money would leak American secrets to the Russians
Who knew a failed casino developer and game show host wouldn’t be qualified to be @POTUS.
he is a threat to our country, to our health and well being...

he needs to be IMPEACHED before anything else happens ... PLEASE!!
It's ok to say the i-word. #impeachable
Thank you!
Sen. Merkley so why is the Republican party put Trump ahead of our great country. Impeach him now before it's too late. I don't want to be-
All I can say is where's Trey Gowdy?
No wonder all of our enemies want to meet with him. If U play with me I'll let U spy on the USA. I can also clean UR $ 4 $$!
Senator, what on Earth is WRONG with the Republicans?! What happened to their morals, their sanity, their judgment? They are disgraceful!
So do something about it!! We are sick and tired of him getting away with murder!!
He must be removed immediately.  I don't care the reason--mental illness, Traitor, take your pick.  Get him out
He has ties to the Russian Mafia!
He is selling out our country for oil!
He is a national security risk! Get him out of there!
Perhaps Politicians should be required to take an Oath of Loyalty to Country and ALL Residents over one person before running for election?
IMPEACHMENT NOW
And JAIL After!!
He can't seem to grasp that he is president. Has to brag at all times to prove it. Sad! #ImpeachTrump
So when is he going to get escorted OUT of the building and turned over to the authorities?!
Whitehouse denied the WAPO Report...I think they just lied again.
Arrest him for treason! #RussianMole #Treason #ImpeachTrump #LockHimUp
Donald Trump belongs in prison
#Russians #LockHimUp
@realDonaldTrump @JeffFlake @SenSasse @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @PressSec @GOP
Trump is a traitor, and it is time that all members of government who are not themselves traitors to say so publicly and demand action.
Yes. Something drastic needs to happen and quick!
You mean like Obama and Hillary Clinton?? WHERE WERE YOU WHEN THEY ACTUALLY LEAKED CLASSIFIED INFO?? Where??
I couldn't have said it better, Senator. Well done! 
People in room all claim wash post story is 100% false
This isn't the first time we've heard about his propensity for... leaking
Lol, Amy, you actually went there. :-D Well done!!

And more than once
Individuals who are "extremely careless" with classified information should be denied further access to such info. 
