Or rich people get richer while poor people are left to die!
@msnbc @aarp Trump is stone cold LIAR. Promised NO MEDICAID cuts. Much BETTER CHEAPER which covers EVERYBODY. COLUMBO:"He's a CROOK alright"
@thr @tpm @politico Bill is a CANCER on the GOP. The GOP is the HOUSE of LIES. Beltway BUNGLERS. Bill is SAVAGE unforgivable ATTACK on VETS.
Exactly the plan of the GOP
Or in this case have to actually pay something! If they pay! I seriously doubt it! so why fret!
That's what Republicans do all about the rich
Over 24 million will not be covered, everything will be considered pre-existing, only rich can afford it, & its all about tax-cuts for rich!
Tens of thousands will die, maybe millions, coz of these corrupt Republicans! They have no heart or concience! They're in it for $$! CROOKS
@simon_schama  GOP backers STILL saying, "GIVE him a chance." Can't count?
#wealthcarebill
#McConnellcare #GreedOverPeople
There's more to it:  Poor people w/ pre-existing conditions, as outlined by this bill will suffer greatly to give a huge tax cut to the rich
Said the lefty rag #fakenews
I am enraged that Congress voted to EXEMPT themselves from Trumpcare. That says it all.
Did they?  I haven't seen anything about it. What coverage will they have?
They will have the same platinum coverage they have now.  Google.  WE pay for it as we languish on our Trumpcare deathbeds.
And the wealthy get a tax break to help add to their wealth.
Hope that cough is nothing serious Mitch. But don't worry, YOU have a federal healthcare plan for life - paid for by ME.
Paul and mitch need to go.  PERIOD. They were paid by healthcare companies for this garbage bill.
And the TRUTLE just claws al
Shameful
No or underinsured flood the ers again, can't pay ,hospitals close due to mounting debt. Rural hardest hit. Domino effect. Yep #maga
Couldn't get any worse than Obamacare. Should just sit back and let it implode then watch u people beg for help
All of us pay more for worse insurance if we can get it at all - fixed it for you
The GOP only cares about the 1%. The HC bill proves it. Enough already. Why the hell would anyone with half a brain vote for them?
Yet it will be the poor people who end up paying for our Congress to have excellent health benefits.
Rich get richer.
McMonster is not fit for office.
At what point did the people of France say enough is enough? What was the single point that sent the people into an uncontrollable rage??
Tell your Senators to vote No on Trumpcare: 202-224-3121
It's worse than that - axing of planned parenthood, and the allowance of yet more cuts to medicaid in the future were added.
This is #TRUMPCARE - MEAN & HEARTLESS
Nobody wants crap private insurance @GOP that covers NOTHING. This isn't the pioneer days before we had a nation #freedom #irony
Why should House/Senate get the best Healthcare in the World? Our Tax dollars pay for them. My personal Ins Premium is High for Awful Care.
Call & write you senators!
Assss Hole 
@GOP is bringing back JUNK insurance @ChuckGrassley
Please tweet HOW #Trumpcare affects negatively Private employee  Insurance. @nancyPelosi @teamPelosi @SenSchumer @SenKamalaHarris
How long until 2018???????
So the rich get a tax break, poor sick people get the shaft, & the politicians get to be exempt & have good health care. 
and being a woman is a pre-existing condition. Ridiculous!
So is being an a** but that doesn't apply to healthcare
So rich ppl get a massive tax break. Don't forget that priority in the Senate #wealthcare bill. B/c it's definitely not about health care
you dems should be happy, that will make it easier to win in 2018. Bright side for you
Not about party -- about country and its citizens.
Disgusting!! GOP wants to take from folks who are low income or poor to line the pockets of insurance CEO's and the wealthy with more money.
Wow, Serious lite take on a shitty tax reform bill that will actually kill children, women, and seniors. Whatevs kiddies. Doesn't effect u.
"and old people" was missing from that sentence.
Poor people. u mean ur women that pop out kids they cannot afford then claim to be poor so they can steal my labor like i'm their slave?
If you're wealthy and older, no problem. Enjoy your tax relief windfall, & don't sail your yachts in iffy weather.
#HealthcareBill in lieu of death panels @SenateGOP opted for kill shelters. Dear PA, drop off addicts at @SenToomey office, he will help
...to give ultra rich a tax break
Cool, that's what happens when you are to scared to openly talk about, make the case for or fight for single payer healthcare in public.
........and the super rich get gigantic tax cuts 
Shameless soulless pocket-lining TRUMP-yes-men; how can they look themselves in the mirror, muchless sleep at night?
It affects more than poor people, please.
republicans love to f@ck the poor. just as jesus would have wanted.
You didnt mention tax cut
May the good works of the GOP it's dealtifying cuts to sick elderly poor rain upon them the same doubly
How do we HALT their MF Health Care? Let's figure it out people.
#J15TrumpPenceMustGo
Why should they get it for nothing?  I work 60 hours a week to pay for mine.
Yup, that's how the @GOP roll...I got mine, so screw you, so you can't really use the word care and #GOP in the same sentence.
I'm 100% sure that's Obamacare you are talking about.
Get used to talking about the middle class (MC). Always talking about the poor to the exclusion of the MC is what has cost Dems with the MC.
What are you talking about? Dems, and Bernie in particular, talked about the Middle Class all the time!
When poor people pay a fine to the IRS instead of insurance under #Obamacare, now that was some life saving health care right there.
The Senate GOP health bill in one sentence: poor people pay more for worse insurance
> then pay out of pocket
Not just poor. Everyone.
Well, when TRUMP is done everyone will be either POOR or ultra-RICH. Middle class will be history.
ROFL for the last 8 yrs under Obama and dems the rich got richer at a faster rate than anytime in hist and the MC disappeared into the poor
...is that you Lyin Donny?  You do tend to MAKE UP FAKE pseudonyms. It sure sounds like you Putins little puppet

