Did I detect a set of balls?
Wow, I believe you do!  Little bitty balls...but they finally showed up
A Transgender volunteer who expects medical treatment for appearance, clearly, the primaty motivation is not service to their country.
That’s not why they join. They just want to receive the same healthcare other vets receive
Sex reassignment surgery, to treat a prior condition, is not equality of care or the mission of our military.
Vets receive care to make them whole. For those suffering from extreme gender dysphoria SRS makes them whole.
Injury received during military service does not include gender dysphoria nor does SRS make a Transgender whole.
Sigh. You’re right, SRS does not make them whole but it can help. We can debate who we let in in the future, but what about those there now?
I would also say that regardless of their motivation for joining, if they serve their time, they have earned the surgery if they choose.
I would never deny any procedure to the people who serve and protect us.
Do not let this go without a fight. This is wrong & disheartening. Who will he not allow next? (Gays/Women) So angry right now. (marine mom)
Get over it! Most are in just to get a free surgery!
Shame on you Lisa. Never disrespect someone who is protecting your freedom and allows you the 1st Anendment. (Mother of a Marine)
@lisadee79 bye 
Military discriminates on IQ, age, fitness, health, sex, credit scores, and political belief too. It's not an egalitarian social experiment.
Do we have to pay for their surgeries and treatments also? NO. Outright unacceptable & un-American.
It's medical care, and we pay for our troops' medical care.
Wrong. It's a choice they make. The taxpayers are not responsible.
That's not even a little true.
Whatever makes you feel better. #Snowflake
I'm not at all upset about strangers' genitals, so I'm not the snowflake
The military spends around 9ml on transgender and 40ml on VIAGRA!...I believe they could cut the Viagra budget, no brainer!
What does it cost for asshole's security up and down the Eastern sea board? Plus his staff taking aircraft to view eclipse. HORSE SHIT!!
Exactly & in light of his golf costs alone, how he can claim the reason 4 a transgender ban is due to their medical costs is utter bullshit
People who step up to serve in the military have my profound gratitude.  As do you, Senator.  Keep up the good fight.
Everyone should be allowed to participate in our corrupt military actions.

Trump is doing Dems favor as he dictates agenda. Dems have none.
More dossier info came out last night on Rachel show. Soon has it did Trump tweeted about this. He's scared & trying 2 change subject @MSNBC

People join for many reasons that aren't just a pure desire to serve country.....college $, HC for family, $15k sign on bonuses, etc.
Merkley was okay with it for 7 years and 8 months of the Obama administration though, then it suddenly became un-American and unacceptable.

My administration never said it would ban transgenders from the military. We decided they can serve if they wear pink undies to  confusion
Constant lies. So ashamed of this person I cannot call president.
That's okay. Let's not stand on formality, Gerri. You can call me Donny, HoneyBoo, Sweetems, Honeybunch, Sexy, or whatever you like, kitten.
Trump did not serve. It is horrible that he is allowed to make this kind of decision. If someone wants to serve, let them!!
He is listening to these TV preachers plus his Nazi buddies. Put that bastard under fire without secret service. He'll shit himself.
Trannys suck there own shit bags ha
What's  unacceptable is to use the national defense budget for sex change surgery, dim wit!
No, the medical costs to the military are too great.  They prohibit others from serving with other costly medical needs as well.
The military spends more on Viagra than it does on trans meds.  Look it up.  Then cut the budget if its needed where the most is spent.

The military spends more on Viagra than it does on trans surgeries.  Get your facts straight.
All people are equal.The White House is the Pariah acting under the orders of the Anti-Christ.
Yeah but it seemed like mattis was being pretty reasonable with a pragmatic deployability approach

I'll read the article to find out more.
If our government is supposed to be "by, for, & of the people," how can this petty bigotry of one man gain any footing?
how many #transgender are on your staff
....unless trump, GOP & their families are first and ready to take their place.
Thinking upsetting the gay community is a  tiger that Donny did not want out of its cage.
They'll bring back the draft to get more "straight" kids before they do the  right thing. The country is now being run by bigots.
You know @realDonaldTrump is the ringleader of this circus but the clowns are the people in WH who aren't standing up against racism
"UN-AMERICAN" is you stating that defending the Constitution is a virus that must be stopped! TREASON.
I find it impressive that a man who dodged the draft 5 times has the balls to tell those who would willingly serve that they can't.

Another Racist   Move Made From Trumpf's  Wolf's Lair  
in a perfect world, all of trumps secret service agents guarding him would be transexual
NO.  Just no.
knaw that shits mentall illness,... keep it off the battlefield... or bring draft back and it wouldnt matter
Great, a soldier has to put his life on the line to satisfy a liberal social experiment. I want the person next to my son to know what he is
Well then maybe everyone is transgender.
Jeff, Please Help Us Save Our Heritage for Future Generations 

https://twitter.com/dredeyedick/status/900704519587336192 … 

#MonumentsForAll
Trump can never say that he supports our Veterans when his actions prove otherwise.
Merkley you politicize everything. Without any knowledge or facts you take the PC position. You and your cohorts stop progress. Awful
Please do what you can to prevent Trump from making this happen, and also push for impeachment. #ImpeachOrResign
with so many important things to worry about.. this proves that his hatred ' trumps ' party, presidency and country.. he must be stopped..!
What's unacceptable is using our MILITARY for social experimentation!
Help, Senator Merkley!  Do something to stop the madness!! #ImpeachTrump
The Military spends more on Viagra then the TG Drugs, look it up.
I think the whole military should Gi Spartacus on this one
Can't Congress DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS HATEFUL BIGOTED POTUS????
Already done, Obama is out and Killery wasn't elected.
Que the multiple law suits coming for multiple issues here. @ACLU
Johns Hopkins University of Psychology and http://www.apa.org  diagnosed transgenderism as a mental illness.
Sorry, no queers or lesbows. Vietnam vet knows why
I am amazed that people need to fight for the right to serve & die in service to our country, while a coward tells them they are unworthy.
You know more than a 4 star Marine General w/years of combat experience. Total leftist nonsense. You wouldn't last a day in USMC boot camp!
Ridiculous when idiot politicians think they know more than 4 Star Marine Generals. You wouldn't last a day in Marine Boot Camp!
I dont think so.I dont think tax payers should pay for sex  change if they want let them pay for it themselves. You need to read the bible.
It's time for the Dems to learn to fight and stop being such wimps. It's time to tell us what you're fighting FOR instead of against. Fight!
Thank you for speaking out. This vet supports letting all serve. @WhiteHouse
About time they made a stand in armed forces
Exactly.
You need to retire!
Not if they're mentally ill.
Absolutely. #respectvets #Army #Navy #AirForce #usmarine #Marines #notransban #America #Constitution
Military has standards and rules to follow!! Accidentally "liked"!!! Don't like ANYTHING THIS LEFTIST MERKLEY SAYS OR DOES!
No.  

UnAmerican?  Why? Have trannies been serving throughout our history?
Yeah they have.
You going to house them w the males or females?!! I'd like a boob job.! Is the military going to pay for that too?!!

Historically, military always had much stricter rules about who's accepted. Modern liberal rendition calls for a check on fitness & ability.
Distraction alert! Don't let the bigot in chief distract. Keep pressuring #GOP to impeach or remove as unfit. #resist
WHY ISN'T CONGRESS CONCERNED? 
#FIRE_TRUMP 
#SAVE_AMERICA 
#RESTOREAMERICANGOODNESS 
#WAKEUP_CONGRESS
#VoteThemOut 
#CENSURE_TRUMP
#CLEAN_WH
Thx for fighting the good fight!
And now we will have increase in suicides and more - so much for denouncing hate and bigotry !

Senator: Thank-you for speaking out on this issue. I could not agree more.
I guess we'll see @realDonaldTrump in court... again.
Really? So what about: flat-footed, asthma, 2 short, 2 tall, slow, fat, handicapped, criminals - list is long for military discrimination.
Was it unacceptable for the last 5 decades ?.
All patriots willing to serve? Does that include in government?
diabetes, over weight, etc., where do you draw the line.
Anyone put on ADHD meds as a child is ineligible but they want to serve. Will you advocate for all others that don't meet eligibility now?
Maybe you should hire them Senator?
You see, there are issues that can't be had in the battle field.  Especially those self inflicted.
TOTALLY UNAMERICAN AND TREASONOUS TO THOSE WHO ARE WILLING TO GIVE EVERYTHING UP, EVEN THEIR LIVES.
This is horrid and a backward slide! I bet this has Pence's mark all over it! Trump doesn't care but the Evangelist do! Good Christian hypos
There's a long list of conditions that disqualifies an individual from military service. Get over it.
Jeff Malarkey? Prrrretty sure #Mattis is in charge. As it should be. You go back to writing about your feels. K?
I Agree #ImpeachTrump
Not everyone is cutout to serve in the military, but you know why don't Sen Merkley have a few TG on his security team and staff.
Imperialism should be intersectional.
Rediculous! It should not matter. people are people and if that is what they want to do then let them. We should ban all bigots.
Why can't diabetics serve?? Medical condition!!! Y ppl who had fractures can't serve?? Medical condition!
This, after our lying, scumbag, so called leader #fake45 just gave a speech on American Unity. @realDonaldTrump is deserved of death. #MAGA
All christans, Patriots and those who claim to be americans read National Preservation or National Perversion.on Amazon.speaks for it's self
Mr. Merky ,you error grossly on behalf of Truth.Your twisted n perverted perception of US military in our society lacks sober judgement.
Especially since @realDonaldTrump's rich Daddy paid a doctor to swear he had bone spurs to get him out of serving in Vietnam.
WRONG.  I stand with President Trump!
Are you Sir under the stress on the front lines? 
I think POTUS should don a uniform and join the TROOPS in combat for one month. He has no idea, except for fantasies in his mushy head.
Sir, we are under attack from @POTUS and this administration. When will the Senate get serious about Impeachment?Lives are at risk.
No, we should only accept mentally stable people into the military.  If you don't even know what you are, you can't protect our country.
Transgenders on estrogen can't be shipped out or fight in active duty while on therapy for 2 years. Sorry no estrogen drops in a war zone
Show your facts
Just tell him NO.  This is a f#! $*ing democracy.
Wanting to serve doesn't mean you should. The military should not relax rules to be inclusive or kind. The expectation is kill if needed.
My guess is that the ACLU and other great orgs. are already hitting the law books to prepare their lawsuit.
And that would actually fit the description of anti-American & unpatriotic. Obstructing our military and country esp in these times.
It is offensive to the sane that you don't understand that men shouldn't have trannies shoved in their face.
Then dont discriminate. Accept bipolars,depressives,over eaters,anorexics I'm sure they all would like to serve as well.
Hateful and indecent. All active military should change their status to Trans immediately.
Crazy assed libs! I'm sure that actually made sense to you!!
So you'll be relaxing the rules about tattoos and body fat, then?
Proud you represent me and my family and our state.
Me too!
Do you mean literally anyone? Should we get rid of all service requirements expect for patriotism?
Selective service redefined  #mattis & Don Benton? #vets #lies #immigrants who served honorably & deported, now #transgender ban? #resist
Your wrong hotshot
The military has never accepted the mentally disturbed.
Transgender is not "mentally disturbed".
Yeah right.
It's not. Educate yourself before you form an opinion.
The military has never accepted the mentally disturbed.
Please do all you can to stop this.
I hope he doesn't let them service.
This can not stand!!
Any chance bone spurs also disqualify from serving as Commander in Chief? #ImpeachTrump
I concur - one step further, what can be done to block appeal repeal or change it?
Impeach and replace would resolve all problems.
Homophobia. This is Pences agenda. He wants LGBT in prisons.
True. Transphobia as well.
Lol - such BS. Look at the list of conditions the military already discriminates against. It's about being war ready, nothing about fair.
Thank you, Sen. Merkley! I wonder if Trump realizes that a transgender person might save his life some day.
I wonder if he realizes that they might not.
Certainly is un-American. Patriotism comes in all manner of packages. Thank you @SenJeffMerkley for your support of all.
Imagine being so deluded you believe someone with a 50% suicide attempt rate can be depended on when soldiers' lives are on the line

 great meme.
Thank you, Senator!  You make Oregonians proud!
And all because of money. Cost savings above equality.

I'm sooooooo sorry that people like me cost money. Dollars over people. Every time.
The cost of ONE of #TrumpenFuhrer's Tsar-Al-Lago weekends would pay for all US military trans-folks' care... "Cost savings" is B.S. 
I can't even afford the health care I need. His golf cart rentals could pay for all my needs.
As a vet I say suit up if you want to serve...
Will you pay for and disperse meds too?
