Irony: liberals Senators and Congresspeople telling me that the law doesn't matter.

What do we need you for then?
Go away Jeremy, no one wants to hear from you.
of course not, liberals don't like facts or laws cause they hurt their feeeelings!
You do not make any sense.
says the Liberal that has no idea what the Constitution says or that it's not even a ban lol. Wow, I have a unicorn I'll sell you!
I know that this ban violates the 1st Amendment, 4th Amendment and Equal Protection. I don't need you to validate that for me.
Constitution does not protect the rights of those outside the US. And those restricted are outside the US. So how were their right
Ur exhausting, don't u have Google? People w/legal right to be in the US, like were detained last weekend have Equal Protection.
ashamed at how moronic this is. Ashamed that a Senator would be part of such Lunacy at an airport.
like that matters to anyone anywhere.  Bad hombre.
apparently it does. Type in #PDX and quite a few people agree how petty and absurd this is
Of course it seems petty to a bunch of white guys like you. Right now what you think does not matter.
Yep, as a white American of German descent...completely a racist against white people. U caught me
then u r just ignorant of reality. Germany needs u 2 fight terrorist "vetted"n Germany
Jan, Jan, Jan...there have been zero attacks on our country from refugees. Let me repeat zero. Do your homework
Do you support the violence?
no one supports the violence but the violent.  We do support human rights though.
Including this person's rights?
Here's the deal Forgotten, if you are using Dilbert as your source you need to rethink your sources.
@SenJeffMerkley People who don’t (or can’t) think for themselves usually attack messenger to avoid the message.
I am avoiding nothing. Move on from Fox and Dilbert and embrace reality. It will be easier for you during the impeachment.
Your hallucination is noted.
If only I had some great hallucinogens to use for the next 4 yrs. Actually, I don't think Trump will last 6 months...
I'm tired of paying for 'REFUGEES'. The tax payers from middle America can't  
afford 2 pay 4 them!
Complicit in attack and hospitalization of ban supporter, Promoting violence and #StupidOnPurpose
I will send you a free t-shirt here. No joke. Let me know. http://www.synchwear.com 
.@SenJeffMerkley @realDonaldTrump 

Dzns arrested 4 same days earlier
Inciting riots, after $2M riots
Merkley shud b arrested
#ARRESTMERKLEY
Thank you, Jeff. Keep up the good work.
YES @SenJeffMerkley! I stand should to shoulder with muslims, thank you for doing the same. Keep resisting dangerous @realDonaldTrump.
it is warm
why were you allowed to read CS King letter and not Eliz Warren. Glad you did. Thank you. Keep up work!
Senator you are influencing violence. Shame on you!!!
There's no Muslim/ISIS threat on US soil. That's as bogus as dead people voting! Alt prez needs brain scan!
WOW!!  WHY DEMS BOMBED!!! 
In case you have not noticed, your 'party' is over!
Nobody fucking cares about politics, ther are NO parties just the RESISTANCE! Fuck religion too!
Resistance?! That's funny coming from someone in a "pussy" hat. You wouldn't last a day in a real resistance.
I'm a Veteran and I fought his battle already in the 60's & 7's, so I can wear what ever I want, or not. lmao
Senator thank you
YOU SENDING A MESSAGE ALRIGHT, HOW BIG A BABY YOU  ARE.
- My suggestion to you sir is to move out of the country!  You will not tear this one down!
Thank you Senator Merkley!  Keep it up!  Dems love u!
Funny how the Mideastern people that could vote, voted for TRUMP!  ha,ha,ha
Thank you 
does that include injuring counter protestors? DISGUSTING FOR A US SENATOR

You are all SO WRONG - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN

BS - San Bernardino, Orlando, Boston marathon, Chattanooga, Fort Hood, Garland, Queens etc
research and none were refugees.
your "chart" that has been used by many does not refer to refugees
none of the attacks you mention include people from the countries on Trump's list.  Why?
I saw u on CNN get ure facts straight or push the state red
Ask Pruitt why he defunded OK environmental dept. Ask what he did when coal ash dump made kids sick (move dump to next town)
So proud of you, Jeff - and so sorry that you have to spend time resisting America's slide into oblivion!
https://youtu.be/m3yesvvYEvs 
Senator, I am appalled that you are disrupting American citizens and other world travelors lives.
sometimes decency is inconvenient.  Go about your dinner.
big word
Proud to call you my Senator! Thank you!
Can you please insist that this administration is investigated?
I'm a refugee, I don't need a green card lottery, I own the UN refugee lottery, here there was no welfare, thanks Jeff can you arrange for my welfare in advance of my arrival and send my airfare. Thanks in advance keep up the gov aid payments till I leave.
and he could because he is male! Xample of why women marched!

He's partisan hack. "No Ban"-another dem left gimmick by sharia law sympathizers that want Hate 2 divide us
Thank you for standing up against hate! #NoBanNoWall
I am so proud of my senator from the great & welcoming state of Oregon, Senator Jeff Merkley! #nobannowall
Thank you, sir!
Your guy is making us less safe. And seriously, learn to spell and punctuate like a grown-up - your Twitter feed is embarrassing.
We wouldn't give you such a hard time about it if it weren't so damn easy to fix. Enable spell-check, and be done with it.
Before of after the Portland Police Spray the crowd with rubber bullets and bear spray? #MuslimBanprotest #Pdxprotest
I was there, that did not happen.
okay okay okay maybe not exactly as I explained above but yooo you did see how hyped up the #Bluebloods can get.
Oh, shocking...you are a fan of alternative facts. Good to know. Go lie somewhere else ass.
@SenJeffMerkley People are scared of those guys #TearGas...if not for the internet you'd be dead, we'd be dead- #FTPSOHI
Please forward this to other Senators and remember what Gorsuch's mom did to the EPA
MANY fellow educators are ROOTING for #devos. STOP BETRAYING YOUR PEOPLE.
You haven't contributed to this state or this school system in DECADES.
Thank You for representing me!
Thank You, Senator. My colleagues and I appreciate this SO much. DeVos in not ok.
STOP #Obstructing
I'm so inspired by you! Sending lots of admiration and support from Southern Oregon.
U supported Obamas 2 billion$ given 2 Iran 2 build nuclear bomb that can reach west coast-it all comes home
LEGAL refugees are welcome....that is the difference!  Why can't Dems "see" that??? terrible!
Here's hoping a tsunami and/or quake takes the whole West coast out into the Pacific. U r a TRAITOR
It also appears that Americans where Refugees are being settled have different perception & dont want them
HOW ABOUT INQUIRE WHY DHS DIDN'T DO THEIR JOB WHICH LEAD TO THIS SO CALLED BAN?  http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/09/20/494730559/u-s-accidentally-grants-citizenship-to-more-than-850-immigrants …
No invasions. Undocumented? GET DOCUMENTED!  Illegal?  GET LEGAL! How?
where were you when Iraq was banned for 6 months? Band wagon liberals
thank you for your leadership, Senator
Thank you for standing and listening to the constituents. #mySenator #Ivotedforhim
Jeff,  dont be so stupid. There is no "muslim ban" and you know it! Taking care about who gets in is wise
Selective Protest to get votes. If not, why not fight for  200 million of Muslim women don't have Clitoris
take care of your 4,000 homeless people who fear freezing in the street every night. These people need resettlement &  jobs
Build the wall! Legal immigration only! No ILLEGAL immigrants or TERRORISTS.  Merkley, protect Americans
@realDonaldTrumps Oregon needs to file suit as well!
Thank you Senator Merkley for standing up to the racist bullies ♡
You are not representing this citizen of Oregon #SupportTrump #KeepAmericaSafe #AmericaFirst #MAGA #PrayForTrump
Thanks to Jeff Merkley for speaking at PDX against the Muslim ban put in by the alt-right, the "not right"
Thanks to Senator Merkley for protecting the rights of ordinary Americans against the billionaire cabinet.
This is divisive behavior. Where was this when Obama sent Cuban refugees back on his way out of office.
so you were inciting a riot and the assault of several people?
Here's what your stupid words caused, Jerkley:

http://www.breitbart.com/video/2017/01/31/trump-supporter-knocked-unconscious-by-protester-at-portland-international-airport/ …
hoping they set a bomb off RIGHT UNDER your ass
The False Pagan moon god allah-satan-baal of muslims is NOT the god of ABRAHAM / ISAAC and JACOB!!
dude stop. ur wrong.
so are you calling for violence like timmy kaine? R U not happy until we have civil war 2?  Shame on u.
union members in us leaving dems, say dems trying to destroy them. Now trump repubs. Like me.
How many refugees are you planning on hosting at your house? Why expect the tax payer to foot the bill? It must be the dope!
You can stand with protesters all you like but if your actions in the Senate help normalize his presidency then you are still spineless.

You voted in favor of Haley & Mattis. That makes you a part of the problem. Trump must get NOTHING.
block Scotus stolen seat. No compromises! Don't be complicit in this theft #impeachtrump Scotus extreme right winger NO!
them you jumped back in to your $70K escalade and went to your $600K house
Liar
@Evan_McMullin Stop calling him "Obama" you disrespectful piece of dung. he was POTUS. show some respect.
Yeah stand up. The country i behind you.
Thank you Senator!
Mr Merkley You are Showing ALL the Reasons why You will NOT be Elected Next Time. Yes I live in Oregon.

Why isn't this trending???! #TrumpsAmerica #TrumpBan 
FOOLISH and a waste of time. Drain the Swamp Start with Merkeley #draintheswamp
This senator didn't petition obama doing the same thing! #VOTEHIMOUT #supportpotus
I'LL GIVE 10-1 ODDS THAT THEY'RE DARE NO MORE!

THEY WASTED THEIR TIME!  WH COULDN'T CARE LESS~
NO WOOOOHH NEEDED~

JUST FACT
TOMORROW~
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley for standing up for what is right and good! Love trumps hate -  @realDonaldTrump
I THINK WE NEED TO KNOCKING ANTI-TRUMP PEOPLE OUT AND SHOULD GO BIT FARTHER IF NEED BE ~  

TRYING TOUCHING ME AND U WON'T C
SEE WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOUR STATE GETS AXED OUT OF OVER 75MIL IN FED $!  OH YES, THE LAW SEZ THEY CAN & TRUMP WILL HAMMER U!
we remember a bit farther back!  BOTTOM LINE, U CAN'T WIN!~!

SAW THAT KICK OUT ICE SIGN ,  GOOD LUCK ON THAT!
what about the "Uncle Joe Biden" rule?  Ahh!  U just think the "saps" watching you only remember as far back as Garland, Nah
you need to get your facts before you speak Jeff.
FYI the SCOTUS seat was not stolen we lost a conservative , a conservative to fill that seat
IT'S NOT aBAN! Muslims from Canada etc... MAYenter America!
DO YOU STAND WITH THE CUBANS WHO OBAMA BANNED?
@realDonaldTrump
.@SenJeffMerkley @realDonaldTrump You should be banned from using PDX. You're blocking a federal thoroughfare.
Why do you need to attack and disrupt normal people going about their lives?
Mr. Merkley announced his stance even before Mr. Trump disclosed the selection. Merkley is an ass!!

don't forget Senator it's We the People and we the people all going to take care of a traitor like yourself
Senator Merkley you are a traitor you're practicing sedition and you will be dealt with
and yet you hold office clearly not understanding Title 8, Sect. 1182 learn it senator.
Neil Gorsuch is a great pick "WE THE PEOPLE" want!
We expect our president to keep our country safe from terrorists. Obama was happy to let anybody in. BAD
keep the fight stand strong 4 us we r angry & the constitution has been disrespected enough
You are not representing we the People. You are obstructing the people's work. Disgrace!
republicans disallowed garland don't clear 4 judge dems r passing all DT Picks not 4 the ppl plz no Sessions even protesting
You are part of the Swamp in DC. Joe Biden is 1 stated that a SCOTUS should b up to next POTUS in final yr.
regardless of your feelings you are to do the peoples will NOT yours! Are you in the closet with Pelosi again? Notmy senator
thanks Sen for saying and DOING what is right.  A Dem that acts!  This NYer appreciates it!  #NoWallNoBan
I was at the town hall/rally at Franklin HS. I walked door to door to get you elected. I'll do it again
Please leave Oregon and take that Traitorous Sheep Kate Brown with you!
thanks it's so much easier now to spot you guys and vote you out 
Show up for work, do ur job Jeff. Man up, accept election, not my choice but it's USA not USSR! Go 2 work!
You are an embarrassment and you ARE NOT representing me, an Oregon voter. #shameful #noprotestsatairports
You fail to represent Eastern Oregon Jeff
Why are you dragging your feet? Trump is making a mockery of our Democracy. IMPEACH this MONSTER!
quit acting like children and get back work
why do you support breaking the law? If there is something wrong with the law you should change it.
Donald Trump is a real man so wussy merkley is irrelevant.
How big of a bonus did Soros pay you Senator? Protests "erupted",a blatant lie.Paid,organized protesters
Merkley is an embarrassment to Oregon & the USA. #Termlimits now!!!!!
The Executive branch thru the McCarran-Walter Act 1952 was given governance over immigration. #Crybaby
stop behaving like a child not picked and taking his ball and crying
U Senators and Reps pile on denouncing #RefugeePause now But DID NOT CRITICIZE Obama polices that got us here!!
#AmericaFirst #ExtremeVetting @realDonaldTrump
A movement is forming to vote Merkley out! He doesn't Protect American's!
scary rogue WHStaff tweets about T.
.@SenJeffMerkley - I was at both town hall mtgs. last Sat. Thx for your presence & support. Continue to speak out; we will stand with you.
Thank you sir! I never thought I would witness this kind of politics in US. NO MORE NICE GUY! Please fight for us.
typical leftist ass
Thanks for standing up to Trump!
Playto the protesters lots of them,but be carful if other side shows up cops don't want to be in middle
Nopermit and merkley joins in . Obviously wants to incite trouble feels protected by all those protesters
A civil war is about to begin! Stand strong & unite! http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-38805944 …
Thank you, Senator.  The voicemail box is full so I'm saying this here. We're behind you!
@RonWyden Hold some kind of moratorium on all Trump appointments!
thank you, thank you for standing up for not just Oregonians, but all Americans!
Thank you, @SenJeffMerkley! You are an inspiration. Please also stand up for #Yemen. Injustice anywhere is injustice everywhere. #NoMoreWar
THANK  YOU!! STOP these monsters. Also, NO Sessions, NO DeVos, NO Tillerson, NO Price, NO Pruitt
And I am also sure you did as much for 500,000 people killed in Syria the last 6 years too...
Stop ur sabotage in the name of the "people". You r preventing the functioning of the Federal govt for self
Thank you,  #JeffMerkley!
Merkley you are  totally lacking in integrity.Stolen Supreme Court seat?U should be ashamed of yourself.
Open your doors to them Senator!
sorry about messed up tweet. Meant filibuster for Or. Homeless n seniors
I like this senator and please run for presidency!
.@SenJeffMerkley Shut up and go DO YOUR JOB or you will be FIRED! #ProtectAmericaNotIllegals  @realDonaldTrump
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley for standing up for what's right and vowing to filibuster Trump's pick to fill the stolen Supreme Court seat.
Thank you for your actions on Supreme Court nominee. Donating to your campaign
Thank you for standing with Refugees and Immigrants. Resist Trump's Supreme Court nominees as stolen. Seat is Garland's!
Thank you, Senator, for taking a strong stand. I'm proud to have you as my Senator.
Agree! No Merrick, filibuster!
Keep standing and openly say Donald Trump is deranged and dangerous. @RepKarenBass
This person is my so-cal Senator but can't stand him SILLY out at An airport protesting
shame on you senator
Thank you Sen.Merkley -- it meant a lot to us that you were there!
Senator Merkley ... Thank you for Filibuster Trump  Court pick unless it's Merrick Garland!
STAND STRONG against @realDonaldTrump. No Supreme Court confirmations unless it's #merrickgarland. Don't let the #bully win!
I'm ashamed of you as our http://representative.you  embarrass Oregon Merkley!#bias #yourAdick
I work at the Portland airport. you should be ashamed of yourself disrupting commerce& promoting violence
Eugene & Portland--that's who is pushing hysteria. The rest of Oregon is SANE & understands our security is FIRST! Morons.
As Oregonians, we stand firm w/President Trump. U need to put our nation's security 1st. USA before party!
So proud of you Sen. Merkley, THANK YOU!!
Thank you for standing up for human rights.
Thank you for being there and speaking up. I have concerns about the PPD showing up at peaceful protests in riot gear.
Even a Senator can be a Traitor.
