LIAR
Make no mistake: if Garland had been given a hearing, he wouldn't have been approved. You tried to steal Gorsuch's seat. #mightget2more
Stupidest. Tweet. Ever!!
"Liberal logic"?? He died! Period! was it "honorable" for McConnell to ignore #MerrickGarland 

Obama was elected (TWICE!) THIS WAS HIS SEAT
Let’s go Twitter - Show @SenJeffMerkley some love with Likes & Retweets - Light it up
Make no mistake: this is a stolen seat–& if this theft is completed, it will undermine the integrity of the court for decades. #StopGorsuch
Haha,  using the very nuclear option that YOU invented? How convenient that it's no longer useful to you
@AndreaChalupa 

A stolen seat and possibly a stolen presidency. If #Trumprussia confirmed, Gorsuch on the court would sting
Your fear mongering is adorable. You lost. Time to get over it and put your big boy pants on.
#TheIllegitimateJudge
And we will never forget. Thanks for all your work Senator Merkley! 
If it's a "stolen seat" when Gorsuch is nominee it'll still be a "stolen seat" for the next one.

You planning to leave it empty forever?
@Kris_Sacrebleu If Gorsuch is confirmed the integrity of the court is shot. SCOTUS will be a joke. #GOPisCorrupt
Keep going! Proud of you!
Will there be an investigation into the suspicious death of #JusticeScalia? Why was there no autopsy?

Podesta emails. Yea, The People read them and we know what Dems thought of Scalia immediately before & after his death. Sickening. #Wetwork
This is Dems whiny waste of time
the Dems are the whiners? FU. #EightYears #Garland #HaveToCheatToWin
Saved court from a liberal trainwreck by electing Donald Trump. Radical Democrats whine for many, many years.I voted and prayed for children
Can we file an injunction to stop until Russia is complete
gee...know any history at all or you just don't care?
This seat is the American people's seat, not your party's seat. We had an election, fought on this issue. You lost. #ConfirmGorsuch
You have zero right to talk for the "American people." You speak for Trumplandia. Huge difference. #Hypocrite
#HoldTheFloor #StopGorsuch It is a #StolenSeat. Unconstitutional grab from McConnell. This "seat" isn't his to destroy.
Lol have you actually read article three of the constitution
GOP Does Not Care! They have no ethical sh*ts to give. Especially not McConnell with 14% approval rating! He knows he's done for!
Stolen seat my ass. Democrats are absurd. Obama appointed 2 judges who are an embarrassment to the court. But they were approved. #STFUloser
The voters could've given Dems another SC choice. They opted for a Conservative leaning judge by electing Trump instead. #stolen? #bullshit
you're our hero!
It would be a better idea if presidents didn't nominate judges and it was up to a plan of 4 dems, 4 GOp, 4 Indy and have to get 75 % vote
Partisan distraction and unproductive bloviating. Do your damn job.
So Senator,define integrity. I define it as following the law and the Constitution. Would like to hear your definition.
Jeff. Democrats have taken more from the American people than Supreme Court seats
The integrity of the court has already been compromised. That's why Gorsuch needs to be confirmed.
There have been 18 candidates for the Supreme Court that have been: No Action, Withdrawn or Nullified. Not receiving a chance to be voted on
Go home Senator, you're drunk.
Bless your heart.
You are a Liberal lunatic. I pray people will wise up and vote your butt out.
No one has a seat to steal until confirmed by the Senate. Even a Democrat Senator should understand that.
Wow. You Dems are an entitled lot. I can't wait until they give all of you Dems the finger and confirm him anyway. 
Define "stolen" was this seat promised to someone? Because I'm pretty sure THAT'S against the law! #GorsuchNomination
SCOTUS seats are not reserved pal. Get over it
The seat did not belong to anyone, so it was not stolen. Try again, Senator.
Did Miguel Estrada receive a vote yet? Lemme know when he does, thanks.
You are simply confirming what most of us have assumed...you have been partaking in that OR recreational pot.
It is not "stolen" by anyone. That's just a lie.
You're pathetic.
Put the safety back on Senator. You've only got one toe left.
The integrity of the court was long ago undermined...by Harry Reid.
Senator Merkley, as an Oregon resident, I implore you to quit embarrassing yourself and your constituents.
Elections have consequences, Senator. Grow up.
"stolen" 
MAGA!!! Asshole!!!
Joe Biden rule
Go home .@SenJeffMerkley. You're drunk.
At your own peril senator.
You lost house, you lost the senate, you lost the prez, you lost track of unmasked american ids, you lost this too. Its you.  All you.
this is pretty insane. The seat wasn’t stolen. It didn’t belong to anyone. And the majority want Gorsuch confirmed.
No American Citizens want their country GREAT AGAIN..u stole it ,obama , with appointed progressive judges, we want a correction.we will win
What's ur plan here? So sad to watch leadership lead their party further away from the bulk of the American public! 
he is representing the will of his constituency, though.
Term pick ur battle in play! It's what responsible adults in leadership positions do when they know fighting will not change the outcome!
Wouldn't have been confirmed. So why waste the time. If HRC won they couldn't put a lefty judge on the court repubs took the risk and won
Wanted to thank you in advance for your pledged stupidity, i will raise a glass to you when next REALLY CONSERVATIVE SCOTUSes are confirmed
Calm down and bust out your tin foil hat.
You're illegitimate also. You lied to win an election! Go take a piss and go home.
Yaaaaaaaaaaawn.  Bork.  Estrada.  Thomas.
#ConfirmGorsuch
Why are you acting so weird?
Listen.. I know this is hard to fathom.but you really need to take your meds. You are starting to do that crazy talk your doctors discussed
Your days of using lib courts to fight are coming to an end.
Sucks to be a lib. Rock on Gorsuch.
Oh boo hoo. Not this one. The next one coming up. Fridays coming. Boom.

Thank you.
I am proud that you are my Senator. Thank you sir.
You are killing it. #HoldTheFloor
Ur insanity is showing
MOST ASTOUNDING  that many realize...
Thank you Senator Merkley.
we support you!!
Thank You #SenatorMerkley! You aren't just standing up for your constituents, you are standing up for ALL Americans. We will not forget! 
No, he is only standing up for Americans who dislike the Constitution and don't want others to exercise the freedoms they are promised.
THANK YOU!!
Seek an injunction, Senator!!
Senate Dems have standing to sue to stop the nuking of the filibuster. Coleman v Miller, 307 U.S. 433, 438 (1939). http://caselaw.findlaw.com/us-supreme-court/307/433.html …
Not only was Obama's Garland pick blocked by @SenateMajLdr other senators were planning to block Hillary's pick.
@Indivisible_OR Thank you Senator!
Bwhahaha. Give it a rest.
lol!  Stolen seat?  So do you tell your kids to retaliate, too?  Grow up!  Man the Left are in desperate need of a spanking.
The only thieves are the Democrats.
The only thing stolen recently was the Democratic Nomination from Sen Bernie Sanders
And unicorns
I would counter that You have no right to you senate seat. You lied to be elected. then you are just a Schumer lap dog in it.
I bet this doesn't hold true.
Boo on you
The GOP is offering their death to their king - Trump.
You're gonna lose your seat next election
#SupportGorsuch #UnitedWeStand
I can't stand to watch you talk with A picture of the constitution beside you your disgracing it why don't you go to your safe space
Quit your whining and start acting like a real senator the DEMS started this with your beloved BIDEN
#fakenews
There is ONE person responsible for this mess, Mitch McConnell.  He should be kicked out of congress.
Remember FOR 1937! Next time, we win.
Give 'em Hell, Merkley!
It's people like you that give weight to the claim nothing gets done in DC
