all you care about are votes. Who knows all the skeletons in your closet? I'm sure there are a few..
no that would be democrats.
this means all out war!!
Impeach Penis right along with Trump. Boy pathological liar.

Gone!
Investigate #trumpgate
.@SenJeffMerkley Done. 
he's gone now what? I believe they all knew what he was doing how do we prove it
Flynn is gone as of this hour!!
Impeach Trump and Pence.
Put them both in jail
Misled Pence? NO! Dumpster and Pence made him do it! Now he takes the fall. Pence and Dumpster are liars! Right Pres. Bannon
DONE
Hey - he's gone! Merkley - maybe you write Tweets of Magic? Give it a try, who's next?
@PhilipRucker what did the president know & when did he know it? Better make Benghazi investigation look like tittleywinks
this administration is very ill

and some surgery is required
got that right! Flynn is gone, next?

Remember when Obama's National Security Advisor repeatedly lied to the American People about Benghazi?

She kept her job!

…
#WeThePeople demand a full investigation as #Trump ties 2 Russia become more complicated #FlynnInvestigation
Get Trump out of there, Senator before untold millions die. The evidence is there for impeachment on the basis of treason.
why was Yates really fired
and he's gone
.  Keep investgating. There is more to just Flynn. He's a flunky.
Way to go, Senator. You finally claimed a victim.
He Must Go... Directly To Jail. Do Not Pass Go, Do Not Collect $200.
Jeff Merkley you endangering are national security. You need to go. Recall will happen .
Not immediately but pretty quick. Let's stop the next one before they even make it to their desk!
and he's ... GONE!
done
Are you kidding? Trump is traitor in chief. #impeach
FLYNN IS GONE!  Yippee!  One down.
I can't remember Merkley, if you served our country in the military.   So easy to criticize
This is nonsense. Merckley must resign.
That was quick bud!
DID YOU SEE? CNN JUST SAID FLYNN RESIGNED!!!!
Agreed but Why can't we say the same about 45?
See this through.Our reps are talking a tougher game then you're playing. Flynn facts shouldn't be in the WH
Shut up Mr. Merkley. I'm sick & tired of ALL you jackass senators! We have a @POTUS now, work with him for God's sakes! 
What endangered America's security is the failed policies of the last 8 years, miserably
So should you!

what action do you need from us? @indiv_hillsboro
No, its you who must go! MAGA
As long as it wasn't email communication, Trumpeters are ok. @SenJeffMerkley

New— Oversight Dems to Chaffetz: Investigate Mike Flynn or Step Aside to Allow Committee to Vote on Oversight Steps http://bit.ly/2lDKn4u  
thank you.
and what if Trump refuses. What then?
@Ca_Metzger @washingtonpost trump endangers our national security. He must go- immediately.
They ALL need to go immediately.
love to see it but won't happen. He knows too much about Trump's Russia ties. Would roll on Trump
Lil ol crime writers like @ChelseaCain & I can tweet this. What can you do take action?! @washingtonpost
The whole administration is in cahoots with Russia
Ryan and McConnell knew about this!
It would be wonderful you could get to the business of representing the interest of those that sent you. Please GET TO WORK!
He didn't do this on his own. Keep searching,  follow the money and demand potus tax returns.
Another liar in the liars camp. Just what we need National Security Chief that cannot be honest with America, just Russia
Senator Merkley whats the next step?  No one in the White House is listening to you.
I can't believe the senate hasn't demanded an investigation into Trump's Russian ties. Before it's  too late
I feel that even when missiles start going off at us, he still won't be let go
Agreed. Make it happen.
lol a liberal hippy senator from Oregon. Stick to accepting bribes and smoking weed. Trump has to MAGA
So must Trump.
AND Congress needs to investigate the WH casual attitude towards national security!
And who changed GOP platform language to pro Russia? This administration should've never gotten to WH
they ALL need to go!  No experience or finesse and plus the LIES their incompetence is going to start a war!
so agree!!
Even more reason to quickly look into djts ties to Russia
Yes, and we need to fully investigate all WH ties to Russia & all conflicts of interest.
