Here it is in black and white (and highlighted) from page 9 of @USCBO report: GOP health care plan will result in higher out-of-pocket costs 
Lucky that NO ONE takes anything"t"- McConnell says as actually what they mean.hursday does not mean"this"one,tRUMPCARE does not mean health
did they note how many thousands will die?  its a genocide bill
It's not the governments to "give" individual's personal responsibility to care for themselves and their family.
Leave Medicaid alone...
Is the CBO usually right? What's their record? Typical liberal department that doesn't ever have to answer to anyone.
Giving people the choice to self insure is not the same as kicking them off an insurance plan.  Stop the lies.
Are you saying they have already polled 22 million people to come up with that. ones that lose Healthcare are the illegal immigrants
How many were cut from ACA because they could not pay the premiums and deductibles?
The cbo was also totally wrong about obama care.  Right lying joe
Joe,12M ppl get insur on ACA so 20M is suspect.Also phase out of ACA subsidies as better options estab,&Medicaid growth slowed,funds not cut
@GOP so about those fake tweets Reince keeps posting...CBO has credibility over Trump's GOP propaganda. We ain't fooled - your plan stinks..
And gives a big tax cut to the rich. 
And what does mcconnell pay?
How many illegals and refugees are on Medicaid? Let's make medicaid for US citizens only.
How many Senators and Congressmen are on Medicare and pay for it themselves please stand up?
How many Democratic Senators and Congressman and their aides are actuallly on Obamacare that they pay for themselves? Please standup
Americans know that The Affordable Care Act has been sabotaged by the Republicans and that their replacement is careless and dangerous.
It also said 23 mil would be covered under Ocare .
It does not take away, it provides free choice.
Only cure is for special prosecutor to take down the money laundering racket supporting the @GOP. Once the $ is gone, they will go elsewhere
Name the last time the COB was accurate 10 years out? They said 20MM would get Obamacare thru exchanges. Not even close.
Joe, if Trump let's Obama (fake) care) implode, tens of millions will lose health care and more millions won't be able use it! Wake up!
It's imploding BECAUSE of Trump and GOO. Wake up.
CON said Ocare was good.  Liars or incompetent.
say it ain't so Joe
You obstructionist don't want the public to know the one that's going to be losing Health Care are the illegal immigrants and their family
Higher than my $24,000 deductible?... oh that's right, I'm a working class stiff, I don't matter:I'm supposed to just pay 4 the freeloaders
Wealth insurance is needed.
Or read it
Millennial generation Google wag the dog
CB neglects to say Obamacare  1.Leaves 28 mil w/o insurance today.. 2.Cuts insurance altogether  3.Isn't $7,000 deduct enough out of pocket?
You forgot the part where 18 million exercise their right to forgo insurance. Both being estimates. Be nice if either of you were honest.
VOODOO MATH.
Joe, always preface you derogatory negative comemts about the GOP failures of what it won't do with FIRST the TOTAL FAILURE of OBAMACARE.
Good!!!!!
And the CBO is always right
Also gives each state the power to eliminate important essential benefits guaranteed under aca; new plan gives option to be eliminated
Joe, when will you announce your run to be a Democrat senator?
All this budget slashing while Jason Chaffetz lobbies for an increase in pay of $2500/mo for Congressmen.
Bipartisan commis/n. Universal Mandate. Run @ state levels (works 4 Auto Ins). Block grants 4 subs. Save costs - fuse w/ Medicaid, Medicare.
 Start 
When are people going to realize(admit) that Medicaid is rife with waste/fraud? If you get free HC you have a duty to use it SPARINGLY!
Awww. No worries Joe. The CBO, according to #Cult45, is "fake news." The Celebrity Apprentice POTUS told them it will be the best HC EVER!
Why do the Republicans hate veterans and poor people? Why do the love old, rich, angry, white men? Not tough to figure out, it's GREED! SAD!
But let's not forget how it gives the wealthiest people in U.S. a lovely tax break!
People will no longer be MANDATED to buy insurance which is why the number is 22mil.  #FalseNarrative #FakeNews  #MAGA
Joe wake up boy toy 22 million lost is mostly those that won't renew due to no tax as under obama   Spend more time learning mika toy
I wonder if the cool aid drinkers are finally getting it??
Almost all of which is sheer, utter nonsense.
oh and don't forget raises premiums through the roof for the people who really need it nice GOP but all is good big tax cut for wealthy sad
They think if they say how wonderful TrumpCare is we will just believe! They are heartless and should be ashamed if they vote for it!
Repeal and Replace Trump!!!
So, obviously,  POTUS  likes "mean."
Everybody knows just how spot on the cbo always r. Name one thing that these idiots have ever gotten remotely close to being correct
Idea....People get good jobs and purchase the health insurance that meets their needs.....government has always taken care of the needy
22M who opt out
Doesn't cut Medicaid, limits the increase
Takes? Nice that you ignore the fact that most of them will choose not to ins because of no penalty. It's called freedom of choice.
Ive been telling my friends since Trump won he should let odumbass care crash and burn then the dems would own it and might work with gop
And everyone knows how accurate the CBO projections have been over last 20 years. 
CBO also lied about the numbers it said Obamacare would insure. CBO is ALWAYS wrong.
Does the 22mil include people that just don't want to participate? That would skew this number
@joenbc still calls himself a republican - hilarious!
Stop being outraged! You wanted this in the worst way! You are a Trump supporter!
Hey #MorningJoke, what did the CBO say about Obamacare?  Facts please.
Yes, and every elderly person in America will die because of this Bill.  #not
Why didn't you highlight "nongroup"? That's the key to lowering healthcare insurance, group plans lower the cost to all in the group!
Finally people are talk abou
Finally people are talking about the devastating effect this bill will have on nursing homes.  Many parents of middle income in nursing home
Anytime you can cut uninsured to 10% is a homer in. I bet republicans would give their "right" arms to pass the original ACA
I think what is clear from all this talk is that while not perfect the ACA was a damn good piece of legislation.
Can anyone explain why they are doing this?
It was forced down 22 million people to have it by Obama!  That's why
Obama care incr coverage, but it did cut benefits (keep your plan?), incr deduct/op expenses, incr wait time, incr debt: choose your poison
Has it ever occurred to you that many of us DO NOT WANT HEALTH INSURANCE? In fact, we WANT TO ABOLISH IT!
http://popular-capitalist.org/PopCapView/PopCapView-EconomicsOfMedicine.pdf …
Dems say if Trumpcare passes "MILLIONS WILL DIE TOMORROW" but if Obamacare is saved "NO ONE WILL EVER DIE AGAIN". #DrainTheSwamp
Health coverage is far different than healthcare.
Whoever stays with this writes his own epitaph in 2018.
And 21 million of them probably couldn't afford their premiums under Obamacare anyway.
Same as not having insurance.
Will congress get lesser benefits?
.@JoeNBC help me understand why the #GOP would do this! Ike &Reagan would be horrified. How can u b a patriot if u don't care Americans die?
All of your points are false you haven't even read the bill!
Taking Democratic talking points eh?  I say let the current bill stand and let the taxes take effect so Obama can get the proper credit.
Because the mandate is lifted does the 22 million include those that just don't sign up because of the mandate?
And also says those that lose insurance are because they CHOOSE to lose their insurance. I.E. what our country was founded on- choice
And CBO score said Obamacare was good
Wait. Kellyanne said there were no cuts to Medicaid!
You guys do realize that Obamacare isn't sustainable. It is already bankrupt. It was the day it was signed into law. But hey we love Obama.
CBO reports are politicized prognostication at best. Check their record: they've been always wrong, something they have in common with Joe.
CBO indicated the ACA plan would reduce the federal deficit...  It's currently adding 800M a year to the debt...
Stop disinformation. 17M WILLINGLY DROP without a mandate, REDUCES PREMIUMS BY 30%,Unclear.INCREASES Medicaid,Slashes Deficit by 300B
CBO is always wrong why pay attention! CBO is the equivalent of the 9 district court always wrong
The truest conservative approach to government healthcare is for government not to be involved at all. Period! But guess we're past that
Republicans Won Remember
How many of the 22 million just don't want healthcare unless someone else pays for it? How many believe they just don't need healthcare?
Just like the @GOP and @realDonaldTrump promised
Wrong talking points...Medicare is not being slashed!
Does the Republican Party still believe in free markets?
Since when is costing the taxpayers less money not a good thing to mention? Oh that's right I forgot you were a biased leftist Joe
Makes for less gov interference in our lives and lowers deficits. Why did you leave those out Joe?
When was the last time the CBO was right about anything!!
Nice try Joe. Of the 22 million - how many are those are opting out and willing to pay fine. Cmon, you can be honest and not partisan
Wow...what a deal!
We all no how accurate they were on the ACA
Those 22 million can just get jobs, right?
All being done so the narcissist can blow his own horn.
You can't ask the government to wipe your ass and then bitch about the quality of the toilet paper.
"primarily because the penalty for not having insurance would be eliminated" Did you even read the document. Lazy #FakeNews
It takes it from people that either don't want health insurance or don't want to make the right choices to pay for it themselves...
It won't take my insurance.
The CBO also said 18 of the 22 million would just stop buying insurance. Might want to look into that.
I'm waiting for your non-mean conservative alternative.
CBO report on Obamacare was woefully inaccurate,yet they are used as gospel whenever convenient.
And keeps the tax punishment for people without insurance who will no longer be able to afford anything if this is passed.
"Slashes" to a system going out of business by not decreasing year expenditure but by slowing future increases. Makes no sense, right Joe.
@SenJeffMerkley @USCBO Obamacare is dying...maybe the best thing is to go back to the 2008 situation. A real insurance marketplace
Because the government reports r soo accurate 
But Rino Joe, you have been preaching about cutting entitlements for years, so now they cut a little & you are against it.  What the h$ll??
You should be in favor as you have preached the ending of Medicaid for years. You are such a phony populist.
And it does so to give a tax cut to the wealthiest Americans. Outrageous for GOP to argue this bill is necessary to reduce deficit
Why not do your job and ask the next politician you have on your show why not give the people access to the same healthcare as they have
Hey joe, the 22 mil is those who WONT b forced to join up, CBO reads that as losing coverage. Twisted/wrong.
Yet they will still try to pass it! 
Memo to GOP Senators:  congrats! You're a member of the DEATH PANEL!  Pro life?  Only up to the first breath, then on your own.
over 10 years don't lie
I don't believe it when some Repubs  say they are undecided on their party's replacement of the ACA. Your either for kicking 22m off or not.
@SenJeffMerkley @USCBO How many of those 22 million people will be without health insurance by choice due to eliminating mandate?
GOP healthcare insurance; pay more; more self insurance; insurance coverage that isn't comprehensive; doesn't cover pre-existing cond
Go back to making a fool of yourself on stage, sorry you do that every morning
Out of pockets expenses meaning deductibles have slowly risen for yrs.  everything rises in price
What does CBO say happens if ACA stays in effect? What happens to cost structure? Where do folks get ins. choices?
And just how many times has the CBO been right---ZERO---doppy Joe's an alarmist
you liberals are not real smart folks. thats what you bank on.we are 20 trillion in debt as it is. it has to be fixed or everyone is screwed
#StayClassyGOP
How can it take insurance from 22 mil when only 10 mil are covered under Ocare?
When has the CBO been 20%correct? NEVER
Bite me joe.  Let it fail. Let the big waste 0 take the heat!!!
Hey! @KellyannePolls @realDonaldTrump @VP @GOP explain
Was the CBO accurate on ACA?   It's partisan.  Those numbers for ACA were a million miles off.  This is exaggerated too
You forgot to mention most of those 22m, are people who are now FORCED to by the Government to buy Insurance. 
The mandate is un-American
Holy cow batman, an honest Republican. Keep it up Joe.

"Sweden has launched a nationwide school programme to teach students to identify Russian propaganda" https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/world/europe/europe-has-been-working-to-expose-russian-meddling-for-years/2017/06/25/e42dcece-4a09-11e7-9669-250d0b15f83b_story.html …
CBO is always wrong, usually by a lot!!
Everyone in Cuba and Venezuela and North Korea health coverage no one has healthcare because the government runs it
What does it do to Medicare?
I thought you were once a Republican and now you're pushing socialized medicine it's not the governments Job in the USA it is in Cuba
Wow... such a winning health bill... #MAGA
Oh yes all that, but Trump & family plus around 399 other families get a YUGE tax break--and it's retroactive too!  #GOPWealthCare
Liar Liberal Joe....
More fake news. @realDonaldTrump said in the campaign under his health care everyone would be covered.  No way Trump would lie.

Europe has been working to expose Russian meddling for yrs..like Sweden teaching kids to identify Russian propaganda http://wapo.st/2sbc57K?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.e29d1fa5628b …
I had awesome insurance then Obamacare came and they left market. Anything is better
Come on Joe.... surely this is fake news.  Trump promised health care for everyone.
Many of the 22m are ppl opting out so nice try. Also, Obamacare is unsustainable so that means cuts Joe not omore goodies.
If every media just keep trap shut American would be better off.
Is there ano alternate Democrat Obamacare rescue bill? Nothing there? It will be sad to see it collapse and the dems own it with a no vote.
We need people take of there own health care we don't need you telling people what to think
Yes but it's sooo much better and WH Barbie says it's not really cuts to Medicaid. Now would anyone from the Trump administration ever lie?
Seriously Joe - why do you still think Republicans care about people?
Great news for America
@SenJeffMerkley @USCBO 

And how many millions were forced to buy worthless insurance rather than pay a fine?
CBO ever been right? Just like the polls and every journalist on TV before the election was wrong! You all have no more credibility
"Takes from" is gov't speak for those who choose not to buy a product because there is no longer a mandate. #freetochoose
Most the 22 million want to opt out.  Do you not understand the mandate?
But it can't project the growth of affordable access. What's the net?
Maybe read it dude?
.@Avik makes a good point about those @USCBO uninsured predictions.  Take them with a grain of salt  https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/26/15870346/avik-roy-senate-health-care-bill-interview … 
Perfect
But I'll get a huge tax break, I might die before I get it but I'll get one regardless.
How accurate was CBO on Barrycare?
This is being reported by the incompetent fool @joenbc anything he reports is either fake or based on hate.   #boycottmsnbcsponsors
Yay!! Finally time for the biggest obstructionist (Mitch McConnell) to get the hell out of here. He is the WORST!
The REPUBLICANS  who vote for this healthcare plan, should be required to make it THEIR PRIMARY  HEALTHCARE PLAN.Good enough for us and them
If you truly think you can do a better job legislating, PLEASE go back to office and stop the Monday morning Quarterback refrain
Just stay away from the interns....
Joe, are you still a fiscal conservative?  Not being snarky. We can't afford any of this.
How many of those 22 million are those that choose not to take health insurance now there is no mandate or penalty @DonaldJTrumpJr
@SenJeffMerkley @USCBO Others not even 22 million insured in current form and its getting smaller so go figure Joe
The ignorance among GOP senators even on these basic points is stunning. Preach it, Joe. We need all hands on deck!
I never realized liberals would fall for this, we should cover abortion under healthcare but patients have to pay a 5,000 dollar copay first
@SenJeffMerkley @USCBO what's the CBO score on The CBO?
What did CBO say about Ocare?  Bahahaha
Your band sucks!
