They won't. They will just pay for it.
Those people can still pay for supplemental coverage and go to Any doctor since they will all be in the network. One network.
Sounds like you had no choice in any of that coverage. Medicare massively expands choice. You can change jobs without changing docs.
Sorry to tell you this but when you turn 65 you will be on Medicare.
No thanks,  I don't want anyone in DC in charge of my healthcare. I'll keep what I have and you stay out of it.
You can still have access to private care. 

Also, since when has an insurance company ever head your best interest in mind?
Since when has the government? It's all about power  and control. No thanks
Clean energy initiatives, national parks, social security, & civil rights laws seem p good

How can every other nation do insurance but us?
Social Security was good until they took the money out to spend on other things . Don't trust them to not do the same.
Don't elect people you don't trust?

Trump's plan would have kicked millions off for high end tax cuts.
You say lowering costs yet it is just changing where the costs go. Doctors versus higher taxes. We still pay!!!
But we can understand and negotiate consistent pricing. That is how prices will be cut in half or better.
Like,  Rt and follow
Go for it Merkley.  FREE STUFF!  FREE STUFF!  FREE STUFF!
Where you at @RonWyden? The people of Oregon care about others. I want this, as a human and a healthcare provider. Please join the support!
Medicare for All would mean higher costs, lower quality, long waits. Other nations experience and California/Vermont projections prove it 
Why do this. I thought your vote for ACA was going to fix healthcare. You were wrong then & now
we greatly appreciate your commitment
Thank you!!
You're awesome. Thank you
Why are so many people ok with their employers, & for-profit insurance companies making decisions about their health care access???
I agree. Thank u for your support. We will win because of people like you Good luck with all u do! 
Is @RonWyden on board? Waiting for him to sign on too. Oregon leading the way!
Thanks for voting against perma-war.
What the cost in taxes will be far less than we pay for insurance,even through our employers.We pay a lot more for med than other countries
@SenTomCotton Is this Man like Sanders Out of There mind. You are telling me, We worked hard& Pd. Medicare, You want Everyone to have it?NO
The government does not run things simply & seamlessly only the private sector does that the government run things horribly and expensively
Canadians only pay 6% more in taxes and get all this. The US "free market" is corrupt. You need more H/C regulation, not less.
Jeff, you spent 8 years working under the Manchurian Candidate Obama; it's time to start working with our new President for ALL Americans.
Bankrupt hospitals and providers because Medicare doesn't cover the cost of care.  Best and brightest will leave profession of medicine.
THANK YOU... moving into the modern world

Get it done because people are counting on you.
Merkley Lied that 'Failed" Obamacare was going lower costs but IT subsidized the Insurance Companies & 28 Million are still not covered!
@joshfoxfilm @SenSanders take private ins turn into govt ins add 20x the cost
Thank you Sir! @SenJeffMerkley  We Americans Appreciate you!!! Salute! And God bless! May God Help you Help us Get Medicare For All! #HR676
Go to Russia!
Thanks for having the guts to be at the grassroots of this movement which will become what America becomes hopefully very soon. Yes Jeff!
Right on, Sen. Merkley!!! Thank you!
Come off it! You must not have medicare ! Medicare is awful and I begged to stay on my work insurance but was told  I must be on Medicare
^Trumpbot   I G N O R E
Thank you. Stay strong. Keep fighting for America.
Expanded coverage at a lower cost.  I thought Obama and the Dems already did that.
Good for you!!!
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
Sounds similar to the pack of lies you used to force the atrocious ACA on us. You have zero credibility on this issue.None.
I am an insurance broker for Medicare Plans. Are you proposing "Medicare for All" without changing the way it works now?
Thank you thank you thank you!
When his reckless bill fails you'll support Repealing ACA? How will you backwalk that?
Hi Jeff.

How will you pay for Medicare for All?
Thank you for efforts on our behalf, I hope @SenatorCantwell will join you!
don't tell us, tell sherrod brown

#singlepayershame
TY Senator!
I'm still waiting for the cost reductions from the ACA.  Will I get my reimbursement when MFA passes?
Hospitals should NOT be allowed to Sell or Give your Digital Medical Records to Unknown Third Parties as some are doing now. Stop it!
Still need Details on how #MedicareForAll will work?
Medicare cut Dr's pay 24% & you still need to buy Supplemental Ins. Dental & Prescript.
What a great idea.... Too bad doctors limit or don't accept Medicare participants due to the government setting costs lower than private
Insurance companies pay out....
Pp
I agree but for profit health care wants the opposite!
WHY?
I GET SICK
I GO TO THE DR
DR PUTS ME IN HOSPITAL 
I GET BETTER
HOSPITAL SENDS ME HOME 
INSURANCE PAYS THE BILL
COMPLICATED?
NAY
YR DUMB
EXCELLENT! Medicare/GOLD card of INS/Accepted by most Doctors/Run by the Government! Ask any senior if they would give up MCR, OH,HELL NO!
Yes!
It's about people's LIVES.  It's about people.  LIFE is the universal value and health care is LIFE. Keep up the good fight, punch HARD!
Hey @SenJeffMerkley  tell @RonWyden to join us!!  I did!!
Thank you, Senators!!
Medicare is failing & your solution is to expand it?http://www.heritage.org/budget-and-spending/report/medicares-financial-woes-bigger-official-estimates …
Great job handling programs so far! NOT!
Kudos @SenJeffMerkley. Another Oregonian proud of you. Looking/sounding presidential.
I would say, after the recent months long life or death fight by the resistance, duh but, that's implied. #FINALLY
Thank you Senator Merkley! 
Just like the U K? No thanks!
15 Democratic Senators condemning ObamaCare, Karmela Harris says her patients are dying needlessly, so much for Obamas legacy
#BankFraudBernie & Single Payer failed in #Vermont, rejected in Colorado, and now he wants to tax minimum wage earners at 60%! 
NO!

Sen. Bernie Sanders was kicked out of a commune for being too lazy to work, but doesn't see the flaw in communal healthcare. 
Amen I can tell you horror stories of trying to get help for cancer
Very proud to call you my Senator.
So will all politicians be a part of the new single payer system or will you be keeping your current plans?
^fair question
Are you considering a run in 2020, Senator? That would be cool.
Hopefully you congressman, will simplify by mandating that congress must also have the identical health care as regular citizens, NOelitists
Thank you! I hope this includes getting the insurance companies out of the loop! What I see is a huge chuck is sucked up by them.
Thank you! I hope your colleague @RonWyden will join you! #HealthcareIsAHumanRight
@BennetForCO where u at?
Any details on how it's going to be paid for senator? Medicare is already $58 trillion in the hole.
As a health care provider, I encourage it. Medicare even now allows better payment and coverage for clients.
Agreed
please please please tell other senators if they support the people the people WILL support them, dump pharma donors! #Medicare4All
Yes, Yes and Yes!!!!!!!
Right on Jeff!
There is no. Other choice but it has been far to long time for the people its only far.
Amen!!!
The @DesMoinesUniv speakers series Women & Lasting Legacies kicks-off today with our own @AuthorAngelaPhD .
All the best to all of you
LOWER COST?!?!
Thank you Senator Merkley! #HealthCareForAll
Single Payer Healthcare is a moral imperative! 24 of 25 Democratic countries ALL Agree.
If these countries all agree with single-payer, then why aren't they all single-payer?
Oh, because you don't know what you're talking about.
Not for profit healthcare
Don't read it just vote yes, it worked well last time.  #ACA #aca if you like your dr he quit and went to a private clinic.
I'm for change for the better , and it should be for everyone's health !!!!!
Jeffy, are YOU splitting the cost of Medicare for All with Bern? Someone has to pay for it and the REAL taxpayers won't stand for it!!
NO ONE should ever have to go without healthcare or even a substandard health. People's lives hang in the balance
Thanks you Senator!
Show us the numbers, show us the CBO scores.  Are you all going to let Obamacare fail?
I think I'm gonna be sick
Keep income guidelines out of it.
Im against class warfare. No more 'qualifying !!....Do that sir, and we can sell it to BOTH parties 
Everyone in, nobody out. Be done with it already. Medicare for all, once and for all.
Thank you Senator Merkley for fighting for progressive values. 
Lowering cost can only be done in a free, open, competitive market.
If insurance allows me to see only doctor "A" they are free to charge what they like.
The free market would allow me to chose from doctors A, B or C. They would compete for me the customer. This would drive down prices.
Because why not, social security & Medicare going bankrupt. Is funding coming from same broken system? Lower costs? Last promise
#PeopleFirst
@RonWyden It's not too late to do the right thing! Join @SenSanders and sign on for Medicare for All. Your constituents are watching!
Good luck!
Where's the money coming from for this?
U mean expand gov. for all dont u ?
.... not gonna happen. Go home. #Medicare
Thank you, Senator Merkley! @RonWyden it's time to join in and back this bill!
thank you! Full support!!
How is expanding the government & giving government control over my healthcare to make decisions over me when I can make those choices
Tax reform now
Working ppl have paid into Medicare evry paycheck. Now the welfare state @TheDemocrats want to make Medicare for everyone & steal from you!
What's it going to cost and how do you get it passed. No answer to either question.
That's the same old Bernie stump speech. Put it on paper. I don't believe it. I want it. I also want the true cost.
You don't get it. The GOP don't care.
Not shocked, more of the nü-communist party jumps on board this socialist agenda, as more of the right lean left to fill the old Dem slots.
Let me guess. You'll exempt you and your family, like you've done with Obamacare, and keep your taxpayer funded Cadillac health insurance.
Typical Democrats give more of the Americans Dollars to win elections Give to hep stay in office Give until there is no mare to give STOP
Thank you!  My senator, too, @SenGillibrand !
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley !
Lower cost & expand coverage for all That is just an all out lie same rhetoric when they introduced OBAMA CARE Pass it then we will find out

Here's my full list of #2018challengers w/ websites, twitter handles and whether candidates support #MedicareForAll https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1NFfbzruZPNnrSk5UkiiuV4UHwFeRYUigbAqQqsWEon4/edit#gid=551932951 …
I see you're bundling the massive tax increases into a separate bill.
But you have infinitely longer waiting times. By the NHS' own admission.
It's not the "right thing to do".  It's the most logical and economical thing to do.
Medicare requires supplemental insurance. Where are the details for this proposal? Why haven't the numbers already been run?
The government already tried to run its own health care its called the VA is that what we want? #BernieCare it sucks but it's free!
I love the people that fight a single pay system. I just wonder what they'll do when they retire. Clearly they aren't going to use Medicare.
Thank you so much. I really appreciate that you are trying to give us the health care that much of the rest of the world has.
Bernie...time to Pay your Bills!!!!
So just answer 2 question how do we pay for it? How do we not end up like Canada? I don't want my surgeon worried about paying their bills
Why not, your airline pilots are on foodstamps & worrying how they will feed and insure their families.
Thank you, Senator Merkley. This Oregonian appreciates you supporting this bill, a lot!
Thank you, Senator. The health of our nation begins with the health of our people.
Like Obama care didn't prove that the government can't run healthcare how stupid can you people be
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator.  Now please have a talk with @RonWyden
Thank you Senators. The time is now!
Govt needs to get out of my healthcare. We are 20 trillion in debt. Do you even care?
People before profits!!
Thank you!!  @SenJeffMerkley  #MedicareForAll
Thank you! Where is your colleague @RonWyden?
By your logic, we should all pay for our own auto insurance too. Do you not understand how insurance works? The more people paying into
premiums, the more $ in the pool to cover everyone's costs. Also, the US not only adopted the UN International Declaration of Human Rights
in 1948, which DOES consider health care a basic human rights, but we helped DRAFT it. Shouldn't we at least attempt to adhere to it??
We want Govt OUT of our Healthcare.. govt has never simplified anything or expanded coverage for lower costs.. SCAM!!!
Kick ass Jeff. That's my senator.
You had me at no copay.
Hopefully we can have a side by side comparison of what we're individually paying now and how much in taxes it'll be
Thank you, senator! #MedicareForAll
Forgive me, Merkley.... but I don't want you running my healthcare.  Are you out of your mind
Why not? Every industrial nation has a better system then us. 

If you still want private healthcare, plans will be available.
They do really? Where are most healthcare breakthroughs made?  Not France
I don't suggest our system is perfect.
Thank you Senator!
Glad to have you aboard Senator. We got your back.
Call it what it really is. VA care for all.
Nope it's Medicare for All buddy. Americans support Medicare
So you agree the ACA is not affordable. Healthcare will be so much cheaper with no doctors.
#MedicareForAll is the right thing to do, and would save money in the long run. It needs to happen, sooner rather than later.
Save money for whom? Government saves by limited payments to providers ,will require sup plans =higher taxes,additional premiums..worse care
Apparently, @NancyPelosi doesn't agree with you.
Republicans in the East Room to pay tribute to the June 14th shooting involving @SteveScalise.
Sick meme bro. Words on a picture are the truth, every time, don't ever question them.

