Alphonse Maddin was wrongly fired for trying to save his own life. Seven judges heard his case. Only one ruled against him: Judge #Gorsuch 
Hope American middle class doesn't have to learn everything the hard way!
If you see Mr #AlphonseMadden you tell him his safety is DAR more important than any material thing. You tell him HIS life matters more than the bosses possessions. And you tell him that YES his life matters to US! Republicanism is NOT #Christianity #NeilGorsuch
#blacklivesmatter
He is a repugnant man!
Heartless & soulless. I'm so sad for my country...feels like I'm in the twilight zone 
No but it's just like you libtards to base the entirety of his judicial decisions on one case but hailed Hillary who defended a pedophile.
They honestly don't care about anyone who isn't rich enough to be in their elite circle. Yet they make our laws and tax codes. Gee...
No he doesn't make laws he is a judge, that's not his job, it's the legislative branchs job to change the law about frozen truckers.
Yes, I know.:) I wasn't just referring to Gorsuch and the Supreme Court. Just a general statement on the GOP.
...and was reversed on appeal
He'll fail women,LGBTQ,Latinos,Blacks,Asians,and all marginalized peoples of #America. He'll only serve #Evangelicals and that's WHITE MEN.
Obviously you've not read a single decision he has made coming out of the Colorado Federal courts and just believe the leftist media BS
@FoxNews @PressSec @TuckerCarlson : this is very ignorant to see Dems smiling as a man is making up BS. Such sad as people.
Huh? Could you please rephrase your insult in English? Unless of course you were calling Spicer and Carlson sad.  Then I agree.
@MoveOn @SenateDems Thank you sincerely for your inspirational exercise of 1st Amendment Speech (R) abuse of maj. power sick
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley for #holdingthefloor for #MerrickGarland #WeThePeople ... 
#Gorsuchfilibuster
Gorsuch has no conscience
So discouraging that this country is going backward so fast.
@SenSanders That's not what he said, you ignoramus. He upheld freedom of association. The trucker can do whatever he wants.
The fact you despise him confirms he is a perfect nominee.  Suck it Merkie
He doesn't look at people; he looks at the law. I thought laws were made by people and for people. Guess I could never be on SCOTUS.
Keep trying Senator.....this man must be stopped. He doesn't believe in people. Well maybe people with money and corporations.
@CRPJustice @SenateDems a company can fire any employee anytime for any reason
@SenSanders No Real Democrats, anymore, Just socialists who fired God at a previous convention.
All talk, no walk!
It was clearly against company policy to live so he had to be fired.
Thought you were being serious until I read it a 2nd time.  Oops.
So who has a truck? We could put #Gorsuch in the same situation. But, we'd need a huge refrigerator, or wait until next winter.
He didn't rule that the driver should have left or stayed. He ruled that the company didn't violate any law by firing him.
I remember this nightmare was horrendous
Awe... Boo hoo.. Looks like they know Gorsuch getting confirmed at least.
your all to easily swayed by your emotions, it distorts your judgement.
He evn admitted that he stopped for something that he shouldn't have
No Democrats, anymore, Just socialists who fired God at a previous convention.  “ Every Idle word shall be accounted for”.
Thank you for showing Dems what it looks like to have a back bone. Now let's call out 17 yyrs of GOP Thugs stealing elections @Greg_Palast
Judge Gorsuch ruled based on the law. Unlike so many judge on the left, he did not rule based on his feelings nor would he based on politics
Gorsuch has not shown an ounce of empathy for any normal, average person...only bosses or the elite.
@SenSanders Gorsuch was only going by the written federal law. Dems want judges to unconstitutionally amend laws from bench.
And no, he didn't "leave the rig". He left the trailer and drove to "safety". You are trying to deceive people.
@SenShelby @SenatorStrange Please read this!!!
STOP GORSUCH
Why the music???
I guess you morons missed all the examples he gave of rulings that went against corporations. Sheeple
Democrat over American. Hypocrites.
I see, one decision you disagree with is the basis for your rejection of Gorsuch. Your a liberal thinker?Only when others' ideas match yours
You guys are a joke. Everyone knows this is pure politics on your part. So quit the lying you only make yourself look worse.
Stand all night I hope it don't do you or the dem. any good. You dem. are childish act like jealous school kids
How ridiculous can you be? This is a pissing match started by Schumer, and you just want to be his lapdog. Sad.
WHAT WAS IN THE [TRAILER] THE TRUCK WAS PULLING.????
Scotus isn't supposed to be for any group, person or party. He's for the law as it should be. Election Day is coming for the obstructionists
It's about upholding LAW, idiots! Not whether or not he has feelings! You are why AMERICA hates the Federal Government! Oh - Nitwit!
Not just risked his life he did that. He ruled he should have died at the post.
So your vote is based on one case instead of everything this excellent candidate has accomplished. Must be fun living in a glass house
JUST LIKE YOU DEM. COMMUNIST ARE, EH
Hate to tell you, Jeff, that's SOP throughout the land and especially in so-called Progressive CA.. It's far worse for women.. U shld notice
Gorsuch will be an enemy to the people and must not become a Supreme Judge of the people
Partisanship. Inductive reasoning requires MULTIPLE premises, believed true or found true most of the time, to obtain a specific conclusion.
Gorsuch is shameful
Not this bigot!
This makes me angry. For #Gorsuch's utter lack of empathy for another human being....ARGH
As a 20+ year wife of a truck driver, I thank you for what you're doing.
Thank you, sir. You are a true patriot.
When the law doesn't even make common sense Gorsuch still goes with stupid, no wonder he lost sleep on this one his conscience told him. 
Thank you Senators for bring this info about Gorsuch to the light of day.
If He was in disabled truck freezing to death he wld have died 4 the company. Riiiiiight. Not everything is blk&wht. No compassion.
DON'T GIVE IN NO MATTER WHAT!
#colortheworldbeunited
Workers in this administration are seen as faceless numbers; keep fighting Senator!
He followed the Law, Senator, not his *emotions.* If it was a case involving abortion you would want him to do the same, right? No doubt.
You're not a good pick for the Supreme Court if you'd only side with this guy if he stays with his broken rig & had to freeze to death.
He interrupted the law as opposed to making it. We know Leftists love judges when they find some new laws they can force on everyone
That's not what he ruled. He offered dissent saying that the law doesn't protect the driver from being fired.
@SenSanders @SenateDems is that not judicial independence in a democracy ?
@GorsuchFacts
But he had cargo
A trailer with things in it
He was only freezing

@SenJeffMerkley @SenSanders @SenateDems
You f'n tool, no he didn't...typical, lying politician.
Gorsuch is horrid. He is so corporate, workers will die.
Just saw a call your Senator to vote yes on #Gorsuch commercial- HELL NOPE just reminded me to call for a NO vote #RESISTANCE
Evil is what evil does!
@SenSanders if you can't feel your toes you shouldn't be driving that heavy ass vehicle down the road. that was stupid.
That smiling bitch behind him tells the real story here! Joke really. Btw real truck drivers would never do what he did and is saying.
What would a real truck driver done
Originalism - a magic act "channeling the Founders" conflates humanism and real life concerns as forms of bias to be shed
Funny the same people that told us the glaciers would all be melted by 2020, and that Hillary was a guarantee, are still making predictions
#FakeNews he ruled on a law that was passed by the government.
All I can say about Gorsuch is this: Dark Money owns him. And he will pay them back from the Supreme Court.
With you, Senator. Hold strong. Working for the people tonight and we SEE you.
#Gorsuch, like all of @realDonaldTrump 's administration, will/are failing Americans. Bad agendas and no experience. #ImpeachTrump #resist
Big deal Bernie! Liberal judges have ruled against the security of the US & everything else! Gorsuch will be a member of the Supreme Ct.
@SenSanders if a truck driver can't feel his toes frostbite and his tummy hurts call 911
@SenSanders The truck driver should have called 911. He was hurt. He was told not to do something, he did it, he got fired.
@SenSanders @SenateDems Breaking news from Buzz Feed Gorsuch plagarized in his book!!
No, he just ruled against him cause he was black and he should have just died. Lets tell it like it is. WTH
Only losers will fail. Too hot ? Get out of kitchen.
And how do we stop him!? @SenSanders The majority of people don't want him!
@SenSanders @SenateDems isn't it past curfew at the home Bernie?
Thank you for your good fight!
.Will  we address 
Gorsuch as THIEF JUSTICE?
Let's guess why? 
We stand with Mr. Maddin! Thank you, Senator Merkley, for showing what democracy looks like!
No, he simply ruled that the company had the right to fire him for operating the rig without permission, which is the law.
@LOLGOP @SenateDems A regular Judge Dredd.
Isn't that "cruel and unusual" punishment? Shame on Gorsuch. All his fancy credentials + education are worthless if he has no #COMPASSION !
That sounds like an incitement of a crime against humanity more than a statement from a judge.
and @alfranken did an awesome job of questioning him #Gorsuch
Thank you for calling out Gorsuch and calling Trump for what he is.... A TRAITOR! #Impeach
Hey coal miners, when trapped in mine, don't expect #gorsuch to come to your rescue @SenMajLeader @POTUS 
#coal
Or Wilbur.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/trump-wilbur-ross_us_582b4c04e4b01d8a014abacb …
#nogorsuch. Gorsuch is a corporate judge. He rules against the interest of people. #trumprussia. Russia may be picking our next SCJ!  
Senator, the voters have no doubt how he will rule. Thank you for your hard work. If the GOP blow it up, that will be the end of them.
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley  listening to the cases, #NoGorsuch
@MoveOn @SenateDems call Republican Senators to demand they don't use nuclear option
For every single appointment,people exposed,people denied,people ignored.This will not b different.PEOPLE.WARNED.EVERY.SINGLE.CONCERN.VOICED
Republicans don't care about this black man or any others. Shameful.
The don't care unless you have enough $$$$ to pay for their political campaigns, that means the ultra rich and companies
A trucking job is not worth risking your life for.  Shame on Gorsuch for placing more importance on corporations than humans.  #shitjudge
Gorsuch is part of the lunatic fringe.
@MoveOn
What if the driver was transporting guns, what would lefttards say then? Just leave trailer on side of the road?
I have 25 years in the transportation ind. the driver was a idiot who pulled the trailer knob/ engaged brakes you never ever do this in cold
So he should freeze?
Assuming he had a "wrong" ruling, what about the other 2,000+ rulings that were 97% with Majority of Appeals Court? GREAT CHOICE 4 JUSTICE!
That the best you can do?  One out of ~ 3000?
Keep reaching, Jeff.  Your partisan BS politics are so obvious. Virtually every Dem voted for Gorsuch in the past.  Stop being such a liar.
@SenateDems We support you in Oregon. Thanks for supporting us.
@SenateDems @SenBillNelson Thanks Oregon for Merkley & Dems for taking a stand Seat is Stolen from the people & Constitution
Actually it wasn't.
Lives don't matter  $$$ does doctrine
This is a perfect example of my point, A judge rules based upon Justice, not a strict interpretation of the law.  Circumstances count.
Jeff, you already failed at everything you do. You're a loser
Senator Merkley, YOU HAVE FAILED AMERICAN WORKERS!
How? By supporting policies that help them?
Yet you wanted Garland who has opposed Constitutional rights of citizens.
The supreme court twisted the Obama care mandate to suit the fed government. It was a blaring lie about a tax or not. So what is the problem
Bravo to Mr. Maddin for coming forward. #Gorsuch isn't half the man he is!
The truck wasn't broken, the trailer was. He violated company policy and his arguement was flawed and not within the scope of the law.
Yes I know he left the trailer, and drove 30+ miles to get fuel, proving his stance was wrong.
Proving that the regulation he was quoting he was following he actually wasn't following.
Yup true fact
So 2700 rulings and the only one you can come up with (again) is a cold truck driver.....
That's just one case out of thousand everybody makes mistakes even your mom because you were born we can forgive him but not your mom
