He talks a lot but says little. Another distractions from the Domestic Terrorism in #Charlottesville that he is incapable of addressing.
He addressed it three times. First time he addressed all the violence, before the car ramming.
The second time he specifically addressed neo-nazis, White supremacists, and the KKK
The third time he again addressed the KKK and neo-nazis and white supremacists.
He back-peddled those statements and then I saw David Duke and others say how proud they were of him. #DomesticTerrorism #Charlottesville
Trump has been calling out David Duke since 2000. How often does he have to play this game with you liberals?
Karen is really good at embarrassing herself in this thread 
I guess you don't like the truth. You're embarrassing yourself.
I'll trust James Mattis over you any day when it comes to military matters.
Sen. Trump doesn't deserve trust. He shouldn't be allowed to sacrifice our children. 214 days in ofc. he's lied each day. Protect our kids.
I'm extremely anti-Trump but does anyone have a better idea? I'm honestly asking.
Did you really expect anything else from him though?
Failed policies of the past? You mean Obama's 20 trillion of debt, high black poverty, 4000 blacks shot in Chicago last year, lousy wages?
If you thought those were bad under Obama, just wait until you find out how bad they'll be under Trump!
I'm glad you're great at predicting/forecasting. You should have told Hillary & Bernie that Trump was going to beat the Dems / leftists
I won't need to. Assuming you're not in a conservative safe space, all you'll have to do is watch and see.
I have always thought that it was stupid to announce any of our military ops and details , have faith in U.S military, I do.we the people
Conservatives loves accountability and  rule of law until it involves bombing and terrorizing poor black and brown ppl
So , we should sympathize with terrorists or people that hide and enable them ? No thanks, it's our governments job to protect citizens
How is the gov protecting you by bombing people in other countries? We bomb innocent people and birth terrorists. Simple equation
They are going after the terrorists that are holed up there plotting violence on us
Sure...they create terrorists then attack them. Self fulfilling prophecy. Military industrial complex in the name of "freedom" + "security"
He just delegated a fucking country to his generals.. ur response isnt good enough!
hay jeff why dont we tell the enemy day and time we will be there so they can set up a ambush. so stupid.
He will not continue failed policies of the prior administration. Time for a more decisive approach
Give him time! He can't fix everything that was done by Obama & you democrats in the past 8 years in just his 1st 6 months.
I don't like war either but I don't want it coming to our shores. Cleaning it up overseas is best option.
Your plan sir? As I keep saying, complaining without a solution is whining.
Merkley, How can we get your obstructionist hateful and blind ideologies out of Oregon? You aren't even an Oregonian! Very disappointed.
Dont worry its gonna be ......
As usual, @SenJeffMerkley offers wise counsel. Thank you.
@POTUS will end this 16 yrs war. Where was Obama's plan? Tell the terrorists when we're leaving do they can come out after. Great plan lol
Or maybe not announce your plan on international television so your enemies have time to prepare... just a thought
you fool Would you not trust the advice of the men and women keeping us safe? Or just trust Valerie Jarrett
Funny how Obama failed for 8 years without hypocrite Merkley uttering a peep, but now he's full of advice and opinions.
President laid out a plan with out dates times, lots of specifics, he delt with Terror groups, countries affected! Protection ,love of USA!
I can't believe Merkley wrote this! Merkley just refuses to acknowledge that this plan was derived by the smartest military ppl in the USA
You mean like the failing #Obamacare? #notgoodenough
Keep up with the good work!
Aren't failed policies of the past what he wants to do for *everything*? Civil rights, women, LGBT, environment, healthcare, immigration...
Well you democrats had 8 years talk about failed policies so do something really bold reach across the aisle and actually govern
Thank you OBAMA
Mouthing off about something you know about.
How far are we going to lower the bar for this incompetent fool? He reads one speech w/out drooling on himself and GOP throws a celebration.
Seriously?  What have you done?  Your voters are surely regretting your election

While this is a haha photo you can put any politicians picture there. So it's no longer funny but sad.
You do realize you were part of that "failed administration" right? What have you done in 8 months? Nothing. Not 1 thing done. Senate awful!
The money pit.
It was a NOTHING speech that he READ!! Just like he READ the Monday speech! Maybe will stay, maybe not..yet suddenly @LindseyGrahamSC is....
'proud of his President' & slammed @BarackObama when the 'plan' the he READ...that required ONLY being able to READ...was NO different....
EXCEPT for being a helluva a lot vaguer than @BarackObama's! As a matter of fact...listen to both...almost word for word!!
Failed policies of the past?
Tax & spend
Obamacare
Announcing military withdrawal dates
Open borders
NAFTA
Common Core
Be honest. You would've opposed anything he said.
The failed policy was your buddy Obamas. Lets tell enemy what were doing when & how were doing it. Yeah that was brilliant. Ur a traitor too
This document will make good toilet paper. See your against the U.S.Military.
That is why you will never be President buddy, NO SMARTS. Typical obstructionist attitude.
As your "security clearance" is limited Senator, how would you know sir?  Stop grand-standing, get to work for the nation.  Please.
Obama failed policies?
Then call him on it!! You do NOT work for him!!!
You and your voting record failed the people. Many are checking and realizing just how NOT for the people you really are.
#potus is going to steal Afghanistan's mineral wealth  #ParticipateInEconomicDevelopment
If this is vague what did you call Obamas Afghanistan plan?  Get ready to be replaced!
You're wrong many times over.
Bye little child. Block
If that was vague,I suggest you throw the sedatives, alcohol,and what ever it is your huffing on away and sober up.President was very clear
Thank you for admitting Obama was a failure. America ageed.
Agreed. His purpose is to divert our attention from his bigotry
Agreed! Thank you Senator you're the only GOP er I've seen come out against DJT no strategy strategy!

How dare he give this "no-nothing-policy" speech (read off teleprompter) while Congress is in recess!  Was there veiled-it's-ok-to-torture?
Thank you for this strong statement. Your measured, strategic approach to US military engagement would be welcome as POTUS now. #Merkley2020
I love your sarcasm 
Wow, 99% of Republican congress on tv praising @realDonaldTrump so you're in the minority.
Open ended Afghan war? Yes, #WeThePeople need more details. Congress should weigh in on detailed plan beforehand.
The American public deserves more details from POTUS on Afghanistan. Congress should ask for the specifics and then debate & vote on an AUMF
Still waiting for you to tell me what your solution is to the failing Obamacare.
Your talking in circles does not impress me the voter. Go take a leap.
It is not good enough it is Great. Spend your energy on doing something good not speaking badly about someone or something you don't like.

Senator just shut up. You sre not an expert and being a Democrat does not make you one.
Sir, he's not good enough to be in our white house.
Vague is an understatement it is not a plan
#SourGrapes
#Afghanistan

SHARE!! CHARLOTTESVILLE, RUSSIA GIVE DEMOCRATS $30 MILLION FUNDRAISING RECORD: O... https://youtu.be/0Y_izK1JAak  via @YouTube
