Freedom to practice religion is super important. So is equal treatment in social and economic interactions. They're not contradictory.
If you honestly believe that then please do start practicing what you preach instead of practicing, "do as I say, not as I do."
Freedom to practice religion does not mean freedom to impose discriminatory beliefs on the public.
On that I can totally agree. Still, my question is when are you and the rest of the Left going to stop discriminating?
How do you feel left is dicriminating?
*crickets*. They only know to believe what Trump told them to believe
Bad form Krystal. We had Americans talking and actually communicating across the political Spectrum and you had to put ur hateful 2 cents in
And here's how you know they're paid, organized anti-Trump trolls: They always get their shills and fellow trolls to RT their bs.
Forcing the state to dictate private business isn't really fighting for equality and liberty.
So it's ok for a company to not serve someone because they are gay?  That's not ok.
Should the government force a Muslim butcher to handle pork?
No.  And that's totally different.
I'm curious why you think it's different. It's forcing a business (person) to do something against their closely held, religious belief.
Well in the butcher example the butcher is the worker.  In the other examples, it's the customer.  That makes a huge difference.
The examples are the same in terms of religion though. The baker is the religious person akin to the butcher.
The muslim butcher won't handle pork for anyone, so he's treating everyone the same.  That's a huge difference.
Says the morally bankrupt man who believes in "do as I say, not as I do"? 

http://oregoncatalyst.com/28437-act-merkley-irs-scandal.html … (Note: There's TONS more on you!)
But yet he says he wants the hatred to stop but yet he's discriminating the #LGBTQ community?! He has everything backwards.
Christian bias means they think this is a Christian freedom EO but also means Sharia & all religious beliefs can be valid basis 4 action
Lying Liberal SEN spreading a message of hate-intolerance-abuse and bullying against good Christians while embracing Muslims who kill gays
If a customer walks into a business  how could the owner/attendant KNOW who that customer loves?
@jeffpearlman .Really? Last thing U want is religious liberty.U fight against religious rights' freedom 2 speak @ every turn
Even the ACLU disagrees with you on this one 
You turned out to be wrong. That's why the @ACLU is NOT suing
It's amazing how GOP speaks of freedom, liberty, &  , yet intro bills that at total opposite - speech, voting, list continues

Sen isn't this unconstitutional?
That too is exactly what it is!!!!
Churches who support politicians should have tax exempt status removed. Separation of church & state. This EO should be fought in courts.
I can sure see plenty of lawsuits stemming from this one!!..ACLU/SPLC be ready!!!
Jeff you go to church? It is about time my rights to be a Christian gets respected. No one is hurting the letter people. LGBTQ
Contact & Script for Reps who signed letter asking for Executive Order #LicenseToDiscriminate
#unconstitutional
History #StopTrump
https://twitter.com/foxycuda/status/854824622901960704 …

#impeachfakepresident for #projectalamo#cybertreason

cuz billionaire con$ of #scamalot cheat 4 the win
when is the patriarchy gonna accept the fact it's always dames who crack the codew/help from menwho luv women

…
I believe the religious freedom we have as Americans is a beautiful gift from our founding fathers, plz preserve our rights.
Thank you Senator Merkley and all the open-minded community.
#freeus
I have several gay and lesbian friends and no one bothers them or even cares. They have the same problems as every other couple.
Not a shock he would sign this abdication of the constitution while while everyone is watching the health care vote..
THE REASON MOST QUEERS R QUEERS'S BCAUSE SOLE ONES EACH WAS TO UNITE WITH TO MARRY & HAVE BABIES TURNED INTO QUEER CRAP AS ICING ON A CAKE
MERKLEY, A TRAITOROUS ONE!  FIGHTING FOR QUEERS INSTEAD OF DERIGHTMENT OF FEMALES?? WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?  WE NEED MORE BABIES NOT QUEERS!
Separation Of Church & State Trump's Trump
Making this an LGBT issue is watering down the threat of what it could lead to
@POTUS  response is to do away with the constitution because its antiquated. Do away with @realDonaldTrump @impeachdtnow

If your church is playing dirty, I question your spiritual commitment.
Everyone has the right to not want to live in a Sodoma and Gomorrah land. None can impose perversion disguised as freedom.
Thank you Senator.
Lying fear monger!!!
@IndivisibleLV @LGBTQNevada
Thank you Senator Merkley!
I'm just waiting for someone to argue that it's OK to discriminate against (insert group here) due to religious liberty where group != LGBTQ
I am so angry at this bigot in the White House. Thank you Jeff for standing up for common decency.
Trump is literally spitting on the American constitution and it is shameful.
they are working the courts too #resist!
#Gorsuch joins #Alito to champion "relig freedom" of Christian majority to discriminate. Note wording: "EVANGELIZE" http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/samuel-alito-we-must-evangelize-our-fellow-americans-on-religious-freedom/article/2617573 …
More deflection.
#Orangedictator #treason #Trumprussia #resist
Thank you!
There's no freedom until we're equal.
Weak.
DAMN, do we Oregonians have two idiots as our senators or what?
Sir what you're saying is not true. Please work with our president.
Moving backwards, not forwards..
#LicenseToDiscriminate
Do people not realize discrimination laws have been in place now for years? How will the order change what constitution already provides?
They can say Merry Christmas again. Duh.
Just remember it works both ways
.@SenJeffMerkley Straight from the horse's mouth!
The move to a theocracy is well under way. This admin doesn't understand the principle of separation of church and state
The term itself is beautiful. They've taken it out of context and made it a steaming pile of 
NO!
We must fight to ABOLISH what you misrepresent as "LGBTQ equality".
(I am a non-religious lifelong Democrat,but not fooled by lies).
but you are discrimating agaisnt religions by not letting people have their religious beliefs.
Too bad the constitution is trampled on by your office
I hope, and pray, that we can beat this particular Trojan orangutan. I'm sick of them already.
Why would Potus sign this? Look at all the current hate&discrimination now in the .It's a fast spreading cancer. EO, gives license 2 hate!
Thank you, sir!! Happy you're representing my fine state!
We have freedom of religion in this country. The constitution guarantees it. Smoking pole doesn't supersede our religious rights.
I love God and I will freely talk about God does that give LGBTQ the right to attack me and my God? I don't have a religion by the way!
one more step in the attempt at solidifying #trumpfascism
@mishacollins please take a look through this tag !!
HOLD ON!! #Muslims are allowed their religious liberty (to hate), yet because of #liberals, we are forced to swallow it #democraticterrorism
Vote obstructionists out office PULL OUT BY ROOTSTRUTH WILL NOT BE COVERED UPSPEAKING CONSCIOUS IS FREEDOM OF SPEECH FREEDOM OF WORSHIP
lies
That's a lying Fake News. There is no such EO
thank you, Senator.
LGBT will only be equal when they can be equally denied service. Nobody has the right to compel you to use your resources in a certain way
Same argument racists used against blacks back then.
Actually no...racists used to force of government to prevent blacks from having equal rights. Not even close to the same.
So is Trump's executive order not government.
 Is that where we are in the rabbit hole now?
No...Trump's order is allowing people to HAVE property rights, NOT TAKE THEM AWAY. That is the difference.
They have property rights. Why are you so scared of the Boogeyman gay person who just wants to spend money at your store. I mean really why
They are literally trying to create jobs by spending money at places. I'm sure they won't have any naughty time in your store.
Too much talk about religion.
Liberty means you may pray to whatever fantasy. It does not mean you can do what ever you like.
Just NOT the RIGHT to DISCRIMINATE!!
Religious Liberty is ALREADY GUARANTEED by the CONSTITUTION !! Read it People!!
this is beyond repulsive and just so very very wrong.
@ACLU will be all over this--- thankfully
"Religious Liberty" is #LicenseToDiscriminate @RepAndyBiggsAZ @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @dougducey
Just put your mask on and go destroy Portland. Socialist!
It just stops religious schools from having to hire a guy with a beard and wearing a dress, with heavy makeup and lipstick.
Just let me know when I need to head out my door to a protest location.  We need to respond quick like.
so only Christians can discriminate or all religions can?
Just call it the #TrumpTalibanLaw.
It works both ways right? The order is not exclusive to Christians. I can't wait for 1st gay or Moslem to refuse service to a Christian.
Unfortunately it only covers religions so gay people cannot do the same. Muslims can though.
On another note, if a Muslim denied a gay person service, the Trumpets would to batshit crazy over it.
I agree! 
I can't wait for any other scenario besides "Christian vs gay" to occur. Can an atheist deny a Christian service?
I don't think so because there's nothing in atheism that people can go against. Dammit.
Religious ppl have rights too. Don't force us to choose between God n ur laws. We'll choose God.
Did you tell that to Obama? For 8 years Conservatives were mercilessly discriminated/attacked in every way! Ask the cake lady
The cake lady violated the due process of clause and discriminated against a gay coupledude how was she discriminated? 
That's only because it's the only court that follows public opinion, not the Constitution. 80%overturn rate by SCOTUS
You go Jeff!
This is going to far. I beleieve in equal repsect of views. But this will only make discrimination rampant. TRUMP IS A DOUCHE
Thank you senator!
What equality issues do you lack? You can do everything.
Just because you lie to yourself doesn't mean you have to lie to your constituents...people discriminate because people can.
This is the most factual comment here.

Lord Jesus said "I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through Me." Accept Jesus today dear ones. 
What relevance is this religious spiel?
Where is the separation of church and State? Do I have something wrong here?
Church and State only refers to government mandated church. Read the Federalist Papers. It's all in there.
SCOTUS has ruled multiple times in favor of churches. Churches are not forced on anyone. They are private institutions with their own rules
For example, SCOTUS ruled that #HobbyLobby could discriminate based on religion.
#Resist#Persist
You're a lier, you get to slam the door shut on Christians, whites, males and Asians increasingly.
It's not a Trojan horse. They don't try to be sneaky about it. They come right out and say it. You should try that. It'll gain more voters.
"Rumored?" More like Fake News.
THANK YOU!!!
My senator!
making America anti gay again?
