For yrs, Americans w/ preexisting conditions were denied quality, affordable care... until ACA. We cannot let #TrumpCare take us backwards.
With #TrumpCare, @RealDonaldTrump is telling America: if you can’t afford these exorbitant prices, you probably shouldn’t get sick.
We all get sick sometimes and we all deserve access to quality, affordable health care – no matter who you are or how much money you make.
GOP #TrumpCare bill messes up your insurance even if you have employer provided care.
#TrumpCare kicks millions off care & skyrockets premiums... all while massively cutting taxes for rich. Another betrayal of working America.
Tells you all you need to know that House GOP is rushing #TrumpCare vote before the @USCBO report says what its impact and cost will be.
You say "could" mean not would.  This is fear tactics 101 from the Dems playbook of lies.
As a healthcare provider this makes my heart bleed
The tough question ppl avoid is who pays the $140k cost? Cancer patient (high bill) vs the insured (high premiums) vs taxpayers (high taxes)
When is the last time we saw a story on an insurance company being in bankruptcy
Insurance companies are fleeing the individual marketplaces because they have been posting huge losses.
ACA language needed to be modified to handle glitches to help insurance companies.No effort made to reduce HC cost, will pass it onto to us
What everybody keeps ignoring is the need to bring down the cost of care itself. Insurance just pays the already expensive bill.
Lol..USA Health Care  -the most expensive. Rich Insurance coys and Doctors.
Tell me which of the reforms anybody is proposing would bring down doctor salaries. Good luck with that.
Tell me your solution, then Aaron.
Twitter insufficient venue but must reform occupation licensing & add med residencies
Write it up. Attach image with full explanation.
@SenateDems ACA rates up 50% in Maryland and Dems think that's ok...
thank you, Congressman Rob Wittman! It's good you care - about PROFIT for our corporate masters!
#FakeNews  More Lies from the Left!
well the GOP believes cancer is the patient's "fault" 
No we dont

Now, in fairness, a lot of those people with pre-existing conditions have those conditions through no fault of their own,...we need to help.
Well, yeah and the ACA does that.  Trumpcare gets rid of that.   How is trumpcare any kind of improvement?
ACA lost another major insurer today. In a few months ACA will be bankrupt unless congress pumps in billions to prop up.
the ACA could be improved. but not by stripping coverage.
The basic premise of ACA is flawed. The US is not Canada. We have 330,000,000 ppl w very diverse expectations and needs.
And the Republicans, ala Sarah Palin accused the Democrats of looming "death panels"  That's what this is!
Death sentence.
I just wish I knew what they were thinking when they wrote and passed the health bill. Does no one have any humanity?
I hope the #GOP can write me a check! #MultipleSclerosis not takin care of NOW. YET, they cut people like me even further more! #FUGOP
Why don't you help make it better & stop the hate
@rebecca00235017 The Evil & Selfish Greed it takes for such actions is Legion. The Senate must stop it.
This is what you call getting rid of the competition. Except in this case the competition voted for them.
in most of these they are charging you what it actually costs in real dollars.   this way they do not loose any money.  shameful
When have the republicans evercared about those who can't help themselves?unless you're a fetus, then after you are born they could careless
Meanwhile in CDA my mom just had lung cancer surgery & multiple specialist follow up visits. She had to pay for parking.

The repeal & replacement of the ACA as it stands is an act of Terrorism. Period. #Ronan2018 #OurVoice #HealthCare http://ow.ly/kAF530br518 
Just stop! If congress were forced to have ACA, it may have been better. Dems have done squat to fix this mess. #DemHypocrisy
If RAPE is considered a pre-existing condition does that also apply to the rapist?
Damn. The healthcare industry can predict which year employment will spike. ??? How Sway. How
Complete lie. Stop scaremongering.
Please stop, you know the Obama care was failing please step up and help
As an Oncology Nurse you have no idea how angry this makes me
@SenateGOP @SenateDems healthcare reform is not abt special interest, or personal agenda, but abt 'we the people'-leave your ego @ the door.
Keep covering dem lies! Let's look at the # of people who lost coverage, their doctors, & life! Dems did irreparable damage to so many.
disgraceful! if you have ever lost a loved one to cancer and seen the heartache then you know these ill people don't need this! so so sad
Stop lying to the American ppl.
I'd feel a whole lot better about this if our legislators had to use Trumpcare as well.
Because it would look a whole lot different, then.
Last week I met & roomed with multiple people fighting cancer (and nurses who cared for them). Let's not do this to these vulnerable people!
And for those not hip to insurance lingo, premiums are what you pay for coverage, NOT the hospital bills. Those could be MUCH higher.
Just keep hitting us 45.....
I am a Cancer Survivor On ObamaCare Please keep ObamaCare + improve it
Get out in the streets and denounce each and every one of these idiots who voted for this!
Senator, you and your colleagues need to stop this horrible death sentence for millions in it's tracks. There very well may be civil war.
If these surcharges are yearly, how would I afford to live on a middle class salary?  Guess the GOPs are not in touch with reality.  SAD!
The kicker is they exempted themselves from the cuts. It's one thing to stick to your convictions despite how terrible, but to exempt y/s.
I would like one reporter to ask the GOP what they expect people to do? Press for a serious answer, we deserve an answer.
You will continue getting my vote senator! Good for Oregon good for America!
Disgusting!!
Thank YOU for posting this..Why did the republicans approve this? Any Idea?
As a cancer survivor this is terrifying, please fight for us.
#CallitTrumpCare #Trumpcare #AHCAKillerCare #AHCAstealingfromthoseinneedandgivingtotherichintaxcutscorpcontractsyouarelowdowndirtyscoundrels
How does this happen?  How does anyone defend this?  Please stop this!
Definitely needs work! Agreed. See, that wasn't so bad!
still removes the mandate for pre existing coverage, which is just evil. Giving an option to deny pre ex should be changed before passing.
Yeah I think the main issue is to see if the repeal will pass before they go to work. I think it's the right track. Premiums have soared 25%
Agreed..Premiums will likely get worse with the removal of Medicare expansion, we are paying the amount for free health care w/o getting it.
Obamacare already damaged the insurance industry beyond repair.  Only thing that can help is a complete overhaul and placing premium (c)
restrictions on what can be charged.
Ppl ive talked to who work w those dependent on ACA dont seem to think trashing it is fair or a good idea
ACA drove my premiums up by 1500%.  Within a couple of years of that, my wife got cancer.  We're paying out our ass right now.
There are certain things I do like about it, there are things I thought were garbage.  I thought forcing people into it was horrible.
This "makes America great?!"
Well then ppl gon die
I am so ashamed of this country right now
Many Americans will die for lack of insurance.
My Rep, Mike Coffman voted "no" exactly for that reason. Took guts I'm sure. I thanked him! #AHCA
Republicans sing hello to billionaire donor tax relief & goodbye to the many who will die before their time if their action sees fruition
Some brave DA should indict them for "Conspiracy To Commit Murder!" For that is exactly what they have done! The repugs are gutless cowards!
As your constituent who was disabled by violent crime I object to the government's inability to protect me and their abandonment of me.
This is heartless. How could the GOP think this is better than ACA ?
Angry Oregonian.
This could kill my chances for continued self-employment
What did everyone do before the ACA? Work ins was good, premiums manageable. Now skyrocketing cost & very high deductibles. What happened?
@realDonaldTrump #VoteThemOut #LetUsLive #millionairsclub #dictatorincharge #IAmAPreexistingCondition #VoteThemOut
I have psoriatic arthritis. Only a $26k annual increase for me. Scumbags. The lot of them.
But these people voted for Trump. So They get Zero sympathy from ME...
We in  have your system beat all to hell. Affordable, covers pre-existing, & Dr. Of choice. Universal coverage, no private insurers
I have to take a medication that costs $3600 per month. Costs me $0
While that's all well and good, gloating about your perfect system is in poor taste at this moment, when most of us couldn't get into Canada
If I wanted to go back to 1985, I'd buy a Delorean....
A filthy rich man like trump can NEVER understand the struggles of the average Americans, who most likely won't have rights/access to HC now
Very devastating! My father was only able to use his Blue Cross insurance for cancer tx at OHSU because pre-existing conditions were covered
I read several tweets below.  U r scaring ppl to death. U know almost all insurers have dropped out leaving no one to cover ppl.
Disingenuous.....This is a lawyer trick. Bend info to meet your agenda.
single payer please
1 in 2 Americans will be diagnosed with some form of cancer in their lifetime. Sick & bankrupt consumer base  economic collapse
#Trumpdontcare. Preserve, improve & expand  #ACA
Jeff...you ever live under Obamacare and pay full sticker?
This is messed up. Hope people will say no to this non sense.
Despicable!
For women who had a baby, without complications, 400% increase!
Then please feel free to write a check to them.
If you vote yes, we vote you out #VoteNoAHCA
When your a billionaire your dont concern yourself with these things
Forget MDs and surgery! Most Mds wouldn't accept and the don't have ability to md shop!
I had stage 6.
Annual Premium $141,000
Monthly premium of $11,750
My yearly medication costs $67,000
220% VA rated service connected veteran
7 to 10 K deductibles for people w no money? Really. Could not get necessary life meds filled!
No! Neither one of you understands current bill. Is my business. No one w OB care could afford anything!
I'll pay what ever the preexisting rate is for my sickness, as the cure is to out you crooked, better than thou politicians
did they add erectile dysfunction to the list? Only fair old men have some skin in the game.   Ewwwww @cspan
No one can afford this no one
It's despicable. They will regret this.
what's even MORE fucked up is that most cancer is caused by THEIR shitty policies and wanting zero regulations on air & water pollution.
They don't care
@_reganhill looks like Republicans don't care about us!
yes this is me.  I am a physician but a recent cancer survivor.  I pay tons of taxes and I have always had health insurance. #dontsignit
Why did the Rs hate Obama so badly    surely they weren't  racists   or were they?
Oh well. Thank you Hillary Clinton
Yes, but your @GOP colleagues would say it's all patient's own fault so he/she deserves to pay more.
November 06, 2018
@womansmarch @MoveOn @RISEUP63122 @OurRevolution @Indivisible_STL  @350 @peoples_climate @MotherJones @guardian @voxdotcom
Ironically, it's scary enough to actually cause an acute myocardial infarction
Nobody cares that this will essentially finish me off. Fighting Cancer is hard enough without having to fight heartless @GOP also.
I care ghost!
Don't be silly. Nobody can pay $140k a year for health insurance. They'll simply die. Bad for them. Good for social security's solvency.
45 yr old breast cancer survivor...I am making it my mission to contribute to the defeat of every vulnerable R who voted yes.
How's the healthcare in jail? Might be worth getting in?
Why would you guys drive the lower half of the middle class into Poverty?  You eliminated the American Dream with ins. to expensive to use.
This was a CMS proposal put forth March '16 "cherry picking" is only good for insurance co.
I stand with the freedom caucus
I think that this bill is the difference between struggling w/cancer and DYING of cancer
unbelievable that they would even consider this a viable alternative to ACA.
making the rich ... richer

and the poor ...  dead

American Genocide in full swing
But rich folks get a much-needed tax break. You know, because they'll invest that money back into the economy as they have since 1981.
It’s the “Hurry up and die” option from the Greed Over People party.
GOP warned us about "death panels"... this is it.
Who can afford that? Oh 1%
Only the rich will be able to live. Thsts what Trump and GOP want.
the rich and the "pure of heart"
This is a huge pay day for the wealthy while the poor and elderly will be penalized, please do not forget this!
No everyone  will suffer except the uber wealthy
Socialist-Fascist Democrats raging because their T4 Obummer DeathCare is to be repealed and people given freedom…
Dems wanted to kill elderly and chronically ill 
Now Dems lie that repeal will end healthcare for people but 20 million cannot afford ACA
Socialist-Fascist ACA so expensive that people cannot afford it but yet Dems lie and accuse.
@SenateDems or it's a lifestyle choice -@DarrellIssa
@HouseGOP must #VoteNo on #AHCA it will harm GOP constituents & many will Lose HealthCare Vote No or #TrumpCare2 will b @GOP Failed Legacy
Being 23 w multiple pre-existing conditions, I'm terrified of my cost. This is all a horrible disaster for everyone
As you know Senator, most Americans do not have $140k - this means they will do without health care.....and suffer..... and die.
Or get care, go bankrupt, drive costs higher for everyone and ruin their financial future! Good choices!
PLEASE ASK PELOSI TO GET TV ADS OUT IMMEDIATELY EXPLAINING GOP BILL!!!
