To recap: ending these subsidies costs the federal government money, increases Obamacare premiums 20 percent.
Since #TrumpCare failed, @realDonaldTrump is now trying to push #ACA to collapse, all so his own politically-driven prophecies come true.
You people are out right lying
Says administration usurped Congress’s power of the purse.....
Good the haven't tried to help at all so what's left hope your all voted out Dems suck
He's obsessively undoing everything Obama did because he's unfit to serve, mentally unstable, a threat to U.S.
Who is going to make him stop? #25thAmendment
Trump can not Legislate.
MERKLEY, GOT SOME BAD WEED !!!
Disagree. His legislative agenda was always
- Have Congress trash Obamacare
- Take all the credit
- Blame Obama or Congress for any problems
Now he had to get somebody else to give him a way to trash ACA, and he'll have more trouble passing off blame if he's still Pres in 2019
#25thAmendment #25thAmendment
#TrumpIsAMoron #TrumpIsATraitor
#25thAmendment #25thAmendment
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
#25thAmendment #25thAmendment
#25TrumpIsADotard #TrumpCareKills
#25thAmendment #25thAmendment
#TrumpIsANarcissist #TrumpIsAnIdiot
#25thAmendment #25thAmendment
So, health insurance will be neither cheaper or better, as promised on the campaign trail.  Pretty much the biggest lie ever told.

So very true.
Hey senator, let's be clear...it's not his legislative  - it's the Senate's own failure. Get out of the DC echo chamber.
Funny, most of us call it “WINNING”
Let's be clear here. The AHA punishes Americas hard working class that do not qualify for subsidies. The AHA is a total failure. Accept it!!
@senrobportman please take some notes on how to stand up for Ohioans and not the people who line your pockets
You're lying and you know you're lying you proved me with numbers that you're not you can't do it and you know it
And destroying all things President Obama, for spite. Why is congress letting this continue? Trump is a danger to the country and the world.
He is insane & must be stopped.
Sen. Merkley, override it! Congress may not abdicate its legislative role to the President. #ProtectOurCare #Healthcare
Probably at first until insurance companies realize they are on their own, no more bail outs from the feds. They have to compete now.
He doesn't legislate.  And neither does the Senate apparently
@POTUS is doing what the gutless congress wont do.   To busy running for President
JEFF, PRESIDENT TRUMP, IS NOT PUNISHING ANYONE !!!  HE IS JUST TRYING TO MAKE HEALTHCARE AFFORDABLE FOR THE “WORKING MAN & WOMAN !!!
Do something worth talking about !
What is your plan. Oh yeah block anything that is not Obama Care
These subsidies ARE government money Jeff!!  And it's unappropriated by the house and therefor unconstitutionally being spent
Do something Senator. Now. 
#ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow
He isn’t punishing just any American,he’s on a mission to kill all those who had anything to do with Obama, 1 of the finest Presidents today
Not Obamacare anymore.  Trumpcare!! Or deathcare
"Who knew that healthcare is that complicated?" Apparently not even a "smart guy" with "superior genes".....
The late Prof. Black finds what Trump is doing to be an impeachable offense.
“I, myself, feel no doubt that it is a violation of his constitutional duty for a president to use his discretionary power (which sometimes
Merkley you're nothing but a Trump hater
Let's b clear; Congress that passd ACA didn't read it, wastd a yr closd-door debate. Prems/deducts/copay skyrocket & insurer fled since '14.
@OhSnapitsScott @realDonaldTrump @sarahkliff there has to be something Congress can do to remove this anti-American fast!
His executive orders did not cost the tax payers zero dollars and most likely saved those who can’t afford health care affordable care.
@POTUS Your Senators & Congress Do Not Agree With Your Actions On HealthCare!
What  is wrong with GOP? Why don't they do something? emotional- intellectual instability putting the U S A at increased risk
Fr now on what @realDonaldTrump has done is trumpcare, not Obamacare. Let that hang/choke the blob
@sarahkliff @Jamestoupin
Let's be clear about what's happening here...political hack.
Impeach!!!
Fight it please!
No let's be clear here Senator, he's putting Senate in a corner and saying legislate!  Do your damn job or get out of the way
He said it was unsuccessful
It's time to #ImpeachTrump. He is unfit for office, dimwitted because he cannot see that his actions are detrimental to every American
Let's be clear about what's happening here: Obamacare was a failure, designed to fail, and propped up with illegal subsidies Obama did not have the authority to give.

A court already found the "subsidies" were illegal. Trump is just saving us the cost of the appeal.
A russian traitor is not a president! He and his gop nazis must be eliminated from power
Let's tell the truth. Obamacare hurt 64 million americans in premium hike, couldn't keep your doctor and didn't cover much. Thank you @POTUS
So what was Obama & U doing to people when prices when up 100+++ % ???
You've got him pegged. The most hateful, revenge-seeking leader I've seen in my lifetime.
Let's be clear, insurance companies don't need it, you just have your hand out to them for donations, you really don't give a sh*t
Trump just wants so badly to reverse and/ or remove anything with Obama's name on it
@sarahkliff @reverend_Du Jeffie just doesn't get it. He won't mention it was unconstitutional by Obama
No, it's Obama's failure actually.
Dems COULD have and SHOULD have been fixing this horrific system!!!  Now you're going to blame him.  Many  states only have one company.
And his base will believe it's good for them. Many of whom greeted him warmly at his keynote speech this morning at #valuevoterssummit
It’s hilarious watching liberals twisting themselves in knots with the mental gymnastics necessary to justify shameless crony capitalism.
Trump can't own legislative failures. He's not a legislator. You are. You created this mess. It's on you.
Once again you are incorrect. The subsidies to the insurance companies were not approved by congress and have been ruled illegal by courts
You created this mess. It's on you.
Let's be more clear, Democrats fault for not passing legislation for authorizing the subsidies which was unconstitutional
He’s not just punishing us, people will die.
That is the most accurate statement I have heard!  It is ALL on Trump now!
Admit it Merkley, Obama did this without congressional approval.  You hold the purse strings not the President. You forgot to include that.
Tax cuts are coming next! Where are Common Sense conservatives at? Freedom caucus types are penny wise and pound foolish @HouseGOP  #Resist

Trump is simply ending Corporate Welfare going to Big Insurance!
How is that possible in a democracy?
God help us when baby  fingers figures out Mueller put the Russian puzzle together,
Boy do I hate liberals
true but that's just bonus punishment. goal remains erase Obama.
Come on Senator, Obamacare is a disaster & you Dimms own it
Hi Jeff. Are you familiar with the DC court rulings on this matter.  I notice you're not refererncing Judge Collyer's ruling on the matter.
I can provide references and links if you'd like to be better informed.
Thank you POTUS45 for doing that.Allan conceived on LIES cannot have any functional utility.Why was Congresslowed to have a better plan?
Trump isn't punishing American families. The magnitude of corruption in our country is too big to fail (corrupt Democrat machine).
The Republicans that are in his cabinet with just as dumb and scared you don't have the balls to do the right thing to get him out
Oh please, give up the Trump bashing it's getting old. Trump is the best thing that has happened to America.
Trump has no class he's stupid unkind I need to be removed
He isn't helping the people of Puerto Rico
Said the ZERO Follower DNC TwitBot!
Wonderful.  It's started and you are butt hurt.
That's right!! Drumpf is a walking, breathing FAILURE 
Just ask Kelly
And does this even factor in the hit the economy will take with people filing bankruptcy over medical bills? Heartless beyond comprehension.
You should do your job and stop blaming people. You know exec tax$ subsidies are illegal.
More tweeting and no action to stop potus from doing whatever he wants
malignant narcissism?
Poster child for malignant narcissism.
Let's be clear, an accused child rapist & terrorist, under control of Putin, holds our Nation hostage. We cannot negotiate with a terrorist.
Please stop him
Obama in bed with big insurance. The spending was unconstitutional. Why don’t you work together and fix it, how about that?
The @GOP has done nothing but refuse to work with the Dems. They got the ball and couldn’t get the votes for their awful plans.
I think its more darker,  he's using Americans as blackmail to get his wall
He would have the wall if he could fund it through exec order but it's illegal. Just like the 7B$ to insurance Cos.
How can he do this if it is not deficit neutral?
Same way crazy Obama created it. With a stroke of a pin.  Wonderful
More lies
Mercers>Bannon>>> Trump in that order! Trump has no clue why he is making these decisions- doesn't even read these orders
yes he is and how many people are going to die from his failures and is hatred for Obama.
Nah. I'm just looking after me. Fornicating everyone else is just a bonus. Beware of not kowtowing to me!
