Exchange between @SenJeffMerkley & Secretary @BetsyDeVosED on LGBTQ and religious discrimination. 
I'm so proud of MY senator from Oregon. Jeff is an unwavering voice for justice!
I fear for the education of our youth
Merkley got owned, Georgi.
All students should be allowed to pick the bathroom of their choice if a moron says it's ok!? Stuff a dirty sock in @SenJeffMerkley 's mouth
This woman is a disaster for the precious kids of our country. My disabled son stands to lose A LOT & I will NOT have it #Resist
Then again @POTUS will be taking away your son's healthcare too unless you get it with work. Bless him
You're correct! He automatically qualifies 4 Medicaid through FL state bc he's disabled & if DJT & @GOP have their way, it's gone. #resist
Answer the damn questions
How many times does she have to tell you Schools receiving federal funds will follow the law. Its not hard. I am glad you don't represent me
Literally has nothing to do with sexism 
That she's still not being upfront as to whether her bill would discriminate.  Anyone know what it true?
The smile alone says she's not taking it seriously.
Constant smirk.
Can we please remove her from this position
We need to get them all out Nicole!
Pronto!
Let's remove every politician from every post that anyone doesn't like. Nobody will have anything to complain about and D.C. will be empty!!
It has nothing to do with 'like' or 'not like' and everything to do with what they say and do but most of all who's side they are on.
My point is.. people are asking for XXX removal. Not based on anything other than ..they don't like him/her. So let's take that to extreme
I'm a people and that's not what I base who I want and don't want to run the country on; like or don't like. I can't be the only one.
Ditto
yes thank you for your integrity
Instead of political grandstanding with her, why not change the laws as a lawmaker if you're this concerned. What a waste of time.
Madame Secretary, why is it when I listen to this clip, 'I invoke my 5th amendment privilege against self incrimination' comes to mind?
That's my Senator!!! Way to go, @SenJeffMerkley!!!
Lol that cuck wouldn't even let her speak and demanded a definite answer on a "foggy" question immediately
Outstanding job, thank you!!!
She's just dancing around the question, she's for sure a republican
The disgusting smirk on this woman's face every time she speaks is intolerable.
I wonder if she's genuinely confused about his question which is concerning because it's an easy question to answer.
Unbelievable.
Get the fed's out of the education business and the issue goes away. States can grapple with it. better yet freely-associated individuals.
Is it that she refused to answer or that she truly didn't understand the distinction? Neither would be good. Not sure which would be worse.
Privatize to discriminate- that should be her motto.
@Jeff Merkley, Senator Extraordinaire!  Proud to call him my senator, too!
Hope you explained how Oregon is a leader In funding education and about last In graduation rate.  Other 49 states wonder how we do it
She is ten pounds of sheep shit in a three pound bag.
Sadly, it will happen and unfortunately there is little that can be done! tRump has us all by our gonads!
Very confused as 2her final take on this.  Some reporters saying she will NOT allow discrimination-she 'changed her mind'. But this implies-
Will you protect all kids in all schools against discrimination? The answer is YES
Someone needs to hold Congress Accountable! Congress can make no laws governing the free exercise of religion. No Matter what the cause.
@ManMet80 @SenJeffMerkley @BetsyDeVosED @cspan wow these money griibners think they own@us
Did she answer the question? Or not? NOT!
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley for keeping pressure on @BetsyDeVosED - a proven bigot whose anti-LGBTQ views will lead to suicides in our schools
All @senjeffmerkley did was bully secretary @betsyDeVosED!
SUCH A SHAME!!!!
Proud to have @SenJeffMerkley 
as one of my senators
ALL Charter Schoools discriminate!They dont admit special needs or spec ed students! Public schools must admit everyone!
She is so out of touch with education. It's like she wants the job but not the responsibility. #letthestateshandleit #outoftouch
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley. Please keep asking these direct questions.
Weaslewoman
@BetsyDeVos would not say that her charter/private school progms would not allow LGBTQ/religious discrimination where Fed'l law unclear!
Like the rest of this vile and crooked Russian owned admjnistration she is also despicable.
There's a saying "if you can't dazzle 'em with brilliance, baffle 'em with bullshit". Just answer the damn question!
She is bad news! God help our children!
shutdown the dept of ed. or privatize it.
Betsy the bull-shitter! She has every intention of minimizing public, maximizing voucher schools and discriminating up the wazoo!
What an infuriating and evil swine
She is SUCH a pile of  !
Could we please have Ms. DeVos charter a bus & get out of Washington D.C. as soon as possible?
Make private schools illegal. Like Finland. Then affluent parents care about every school being great.
Her brother will be in jail soon enough! She is a limpet on the Trump banner with absolutely no intellectual acumen at all!
I just watched today's hearing and I wanted to Thank you Senator Merkley. She's dangerous and ill informed.
It's the same vague non-answer #DeVos  had re maintaining #IDEA protections for disabled students in charter schools.
She is no match for him.
YES! Thank you.
What I gathers from this is she'll allow for discrimination until the courts intervene.  She has no understanding of her responsibilities.
When your policies ignore injustices, it becomes necessary to try and refocus attention. Everyone including DeVos knew what was going on.
@cspan honorable?
she tried to dance around the question because she"s a lying unqualified b*tch !,just another put in place because of donations and money 
The Left doesn't care about terrorism, the economy, immigration or jobs. Their lack of interest is why they will continue to lose elections.
Proud of our Senator. @SenJeffMerkley
She's just the worst.
"What program are you talking about?"

DeVos is an embarrassment. To everyone.
She really is a tool
@SenJeffMerkley Good for you!!! @BetsyDeVosED How pretentious to think you can skirt around the issues by using language as camouflage.
Some people need to go back and reread the New Testament.  They have forgotten the teachings of Jesus.  He did not try to live in a bubble.
Somebody needs to wipe that stupid smirk off her face.
Gianforte is probably available.
Has Devos gotten more blond? Is this a requirement for women hired by Trump? Racist, homophobic, pliable, blonde, and none too bright.
Never forget $$$$ is her god. Twisted and perverse. You are not fooling anyone 
The amount of bullshit she spewed is disgraceful. Deflecting the question over and over, I think we all know where she stands on
Discrimination. 
He's my senator, and he does stand up.
Could she have been more obviously reading prepared bs.  Just as in her confirmation hearing she has no idea what she's talking about
Madame is it true you wish to destroy all public schools in America?
I bet she dsnt hv a problem answering tht ? directly instead of her tapdancing rhetoric bullshit abt allowing private school discrimination
'What program are you talking about?' The  progrom of discrimination, Betsy.
DeVos knows exactly what she is doing, and knows she can get away with it. Disgraceful.
Damn. She straight up would not answer the question. That is really bad.
She's a racist biased person like her boss
She is the worst ever.
She is such a POS. For the love of god, we must get these people OUT OF OUR GOVERNMENT!
There is nothing honorable about her. 
See name plate.  
Yes! Thank you @SenJeffMerkley.
School voucher program seems to work in Colo. School choice is a good thing
Not to the detriment of public schools...
@gthom18_gtr  @GeorgeTakei It seemed to have improved public schools.  Smart kids=smart state
Maybe, but long as public funds are not diverted or teachers diverted , and salaries watered down
Thank you Senator Jeff Merkley. Oregon is lucky to have you.
Merkely killed it. That's MY Senator.
Is this SNL skit in middle of week? I swear it looks like one. @BetsyDeVosED
Hit the nail on the head #Resist
I wish Bill Gates, Mark Zucherberg, Elon Musk and others would start their own tech charter schools. That would be awesome.
Is she "power" tho? More like a joke.
We need a DeVos School of Science and Discrimination. Only those who accept science over religion may attend.  Maybe then she gets it?
Answer the question.  Yes or no.  Yes or no.  Yes or no.
Her tap shoes are very loud.
Very very sad
what a crock...give it a break Takei..what do you know about Public school systems??? Have you had disabled children having to navigate?
Shocking.
Lord help us all.

She is a piece of work. She has no idea what he is actually asking. Ignorance knows no bounds.
Also important to note that the person in charge of education is not educated.
@senrobportman supports her ... end of story
Yes thanks Sen Merkley- you were the best!
Bet$y DeVo$ charter schools = less money for edu + discrimination based on race, religion, income. Education is not about a profit margin.
#infuriating
Idiot
It's not sexism to have a conversation or to demand an answer when you're asked in front of CONGRESS. You're trying to twist the issue.
It's so funny that Conservatives get away with actual racism and sexism, but its Liberals who get grilled for even a slight hint of it.
I'm in there's she hadn't donated $200 million to the Republican campaign I highly doubt she'll even have the job
Her main agenda is taking in large amounts of money for privatize schools that do less than public school
There's nothing Honourable about her.
Here's a woman who doesn't understand the public school system nor does she understand any form of school education.
KKKunt @BetsyDeVosED  , grr...
