We are grateful for your hard work and that you didn't have to use them.  Thank you!
...But thank you for all your efforts on our behalf, @SenJeffMerkley
Thank you for working so hard for Oregonians, Senator.
Thank you for being such a leader to save the ACA!!
Thank you Senator for your hard work thinking it through and Standing Up Fighting Back for Americans Everywhere
HERO.

THANK YOU for fighting for us.
Thank you for your tireless efforts to defeat this shameful event to eliminate health care for millions of Americans.
@SenJeffMerkley Proud to be your constituent! Thank you, thank you, thank you for all you've done to publicize and fight this!
Thank you for your staunch leadership!
Please thank your tireless staffers who work alongside you!
Was single payer in there Jeff?
I was anxious about the vote last night so I made this
Reminds me of preparing for a Class A inspection at the Naval Academy, then the upperclassmen cancels. Thank God! But all the work!
Thanks for having our backs, Jeff!
Thank you , Senator Merkley.
Yeah, you had better hold onto those.
I have a feeling things aren't dead yet. Hold on to those amendments, Senator. You may yet need them.
They're probably longer in total than the bill that was being voted on!
Thank you for all of your hard work.
lets have a big Portland on fire
Thank you, Senator, from an Oregonian with a pre-existing condition. #oweyoumylife
Thank you. A voice of reason in a clown parade.
YOU SUPPORT COSTS SKYROCKETING!! THIS IS ON DEMOCRATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?????????????

TY for all you do! Dem Senators have been solid in their unity;that's great to see! Now, lets work on improving and strengthening Obamacare!
That Is the best coarse of action people Fix Obamacare so millions of citizens and our neighbors will have Insurrance coverage
Save them, I have a feeling you may need them again.  They keep coming up with garbage.  Thanks for keeping us alive Senator.
grateful to Sen.Merkley!
Hang on to them for your own healthcare bill.
Many blessings to you, sir, for all your work
But I'm still so grateful you had them!  Give your staff a big thanks for their work on those.
Thank you for fighting this with everything you have and never giving up
Save them; you never know!
Thank you for having our backs, Senator Merkley! 
Thank you for fighting for us!
Glad you went prepared, mate. You make me proud every day!
You all are doing a great job! Thank you!
Thank you Senator Merkley! You rock! 
Thank you for your tireless work to fight the GOP healthcare bill.  THANK YOU!
Thank you!!
Thank you and your staff for planning for the worst and then....winning!
Don't get rid of them quite yet just in case McConnell tries this again!
Thank you! 
You're awesome!!!
Release them to the world as a Cards Against Humanity No on TrumpCare edition.
Could we read them? Maybe they're part of the new plan?
Thank you for your hard work. I am proud to call you my Senator.
You may need them again, save them!
awesome... Thank you for being prepared
As a constituent, I am proud to call you my senator. Thank you for all your hard work.
I'm from Maryland,but I want to thank all of you.
Keep them at the ready just in case!
Very proud of my Oregon senators!
thank you sir!
Thanks Sen Merkley! I'm back in WA now, but always appreciate "my" OR Sens.
You should probably hang onto those for later...
Thank you for being so prepared for the fight!
Thank you from the other side of The Columbia.
Always prepared. We know we can count on you to work hard and give it your all. Thank you Senator.
Too bad
Thank you sir.
Thank you!!!
Thank you for the effort. 
Thank you Senator. It shouldn't be this hard! USA is behind other developed countries. Universal healthcare is a modern requirement!
Thanks for all you do for Oregon and the US.
Are you sure you're not doing a Trump with blank papers
Don't throw them out, you never know! Thank you @SenJeffMerkley
Me, too! Thank you
Rip. Sorry you had to draft them

Keep them. You never know...
You are making us proud to be on your side. Keep fighting for us!
Thank you for being prepared to #saveourhealthcare. You stood firm the entire time
Looks like,there might actually be something in those folders. Unlike some we have seen.
Seriously? Wasting time on writing rubbish? We are in this mess because democrats passed ACA in the first place! Fix it!!!
Bot.
There's still a war to win, so keep them handy.
Please tell me you slipped a couple Garfield comics in there, or like an amendment ordering the Lincoln Memorial be made animatronic
Looks like @SenateMajLdr Mcconnell must be delinquent on Satan's bill.
Could offered them to McConnell at the end when he wanted to hear ideas. 
Thank you for your voice and service!
Thank you for your vote and tireless effort. Proud to be your constituent.
hi senator merkley. you're a badass.  i'm glad you didn't have to use them either. THANK YOU for making oregonians proud
Bless you for your hard work in this battle.
You made us proud! Thank you.
Keep them on file for the next shenanigans!
Thank you for your work
Thank you for your "No" vote, and for all your hard work
Boy scout?
Save them for next time. (Sadly, we know there will be a next time.)
thank u so much for ur hard work!!
Whoa! That’s intense.
Glad you were prepared but very glad we didn't need them. Thank you for your unfailing commitment to Americans & Oregonians.
You're awesome man!
Thank you, you are amazing! Keep them handy, though!
I would hold on to them. These people... they're not done.
