If @EPA Nominee Wehrum can't acknowledge the facts showing clear human impact on climate disruption, he is not qualified to serve at the EPA
Person in charge of Clean Air Act at EPA should have a basic sense of the science of air pollution and climate change. Wehrum = wrong choice
Wehrum claimed ocean acidification is an “allegation"—flying in the face of EPA data. Try telling that to coastal communities impacted by it
Hey Oregon can we borrow your Senator? Will gladly send you our @LindseyGrahamSC
let's make it a two-fer @SenatorTimScott
Uh oh, already set up a swap of @SenatorTimScott for @DonJBacon with Omaha. Sorry bout that. Still haven't found a home for @LindseyGrahamSC
maybe Colorado can foster, or something...?
I think SC is stuck with him for awhile... 


Wait this joker is back? Are you fucking kidding me?! I truly don't understand how people like him can even come close to this office.
Is there anyone in this admin who isn’t the opposite of qualified to run the agencies they are in?
http://www.limbaughlooper2016.com/president-trump---you-made-some-terrible-cabinet-choices.html …  http://www.limbaughlooper2016.com/my-response-to-senator-lamar-alexander-on-betsy-devos-s-confirmation.html … Mine? http://www.limbaughlooper2016.com/cabinet.html   Qualified? :-)
I started to follow you, then read your bio. I use bad words. I use bad words a lot because the unPOTUS is full of $#@¥ & is a %@%&.
A lot of people use bad words. But let's try to be civil with others. Let's not project our anger of one on to another #RaiseTheBar
My bad. You said ugly words & I mistook it to mean profanity.  I agree we need civility!
I hate these freaking idiots.

Is willful stupidity the first box a trump nominee must check?  Senate GOP could demand a higher level of nominee competence, but lacks the spine to do it. Disrespectful of Congress and even more disrespectful of America.
The president only wants more stupid people for this Moron Administration
I'm more qualified than that fool. You can put me in that position and I'll work to protect our environment.
So he'll definitely be confirmed. Yay #Repuglicans Yay #ScienceDenial Yay #EndOfTheWorld Let's go!
LOVE @SenJeffMerkley.  So proud to have him represent us Oregonians.
But there is no difference between the two parties, right, @SenSanders @dncpress @DNC @TomPerez ?
Deflection much...
@realDonaldTrump only chooses the best morons
Someone pls vet this guys background there must be an underlying reason trump selected him although he doesn’t appear mob like the other WH ppl
He's corrupt. He hides it under his Mr. Peabody costume.
Every person Trump sends is complete garbage. t
...This is according plans of the #FarRight #TrumpRussia coup collusion #traitors. Bannon, doing his funders #Mercer & #Koch's bidding, wants to destroy our nation & rebuild in their SICK mind's Totalitarian Fascistic ideology. #FollowTheMoney to #BigOil & #BigFinance #Impeach
AND .... drumroll, they just confirmed Wehrum, completely UNQUALIFIED to lead ANYTHING in the #EPA.  This is why people need to get out & vote in all upcoming elections, starting with #Alabama. #VoteForDougJones on Dec. 12.  This is HORRIBLE news. 
I'm continually ashamed of my congressional representation. No Republican speaks for me.
RECLAIMING MY TIME!!!
Run for POTUS, please, Sen. Merkley!
The willfully abysmal ignorance of @EPA Nominee Wehrum on the impact of man on climate disruption would be stunning, except that it’s typical of Trump’s nomination of dangerously know-nothing anti-regulation anti-science ideologues. 

#resist #impeach #Trump #environment
Why are we confirming UNQUALIFIED people for positions that will have affect on so many people's lives it comes a time for the BS to STOP
The only people willing to work for this administration are the venal, the ignorant...the corrupt.
Why does the chart end at 2005?

There is no such thing as clean coal.  Coal is dirty.
Thank you, Senator! Thank you for pushing back against this INSANITY.
Thanks a million mr merkley!
Awesome job standing up and objecting that nominee
You really showed u had a spine!
Please keep doing this!
Trump/Putin wasting government time again. Nothing will get done because there’s nothing they want to get done. Losers.
Remember when presidents put forth qualified nominees?
And watch he will be appointed.  Something in US is really F’d up and needs to change. #AmericasMobWH @RepSwalwell @tedlieu @SenFeinstein @RepAdamSchiff @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
Yes it called Donald Trump!!
If something isn’t done about Trump, his Koch sycophants will destroy the planet by 2020. He and Pence need to be removed very soon.
I hear you. I try not to think about it. The implosion is happening. The waiting  is the hardest part.
We have to think about sometimes but be sure to take good care of yourself. These #GOP evil doers will not win. Putin will not succeed.
Why is Trump and his administration purposely trying to destroy our planet?  I just don't understand... It's common sense stuff here and PROVEN   by NASA and legitimate scientists!! In just amazed at the utter stupidity!!
THANK YOU Senator Merkley for your  honest criticism of this ridiculous nomination! I appreciate your efforts to try and stop Trump from completely destroying the planet to line his oil buddies pockets.
This is incredible.
surreal 
Thank you Senator Merkley for doing a great job! We need you now more than ever.
A month old, but still worth a look. Go Merk!
someone just got SCHOOLED! the only thing *45 picks have over his bald mouth, inbred supporters are a few extra teeth.
Hell I knew the absorption of co2 causes sea water to acidify. Maybe I should apply. 
#Kochsuckers
Willful ignorance
WOW! These politicians really only care about themselves and piss on the future our kids/grandkids might have.
@PaladinCornelia He meets #Losertrump's qualification for this post. He's #STUPID!
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley for holding the line against the willful ignorance that seeks to destroy our nation and our planet.
the whole damn administration is a farce.
Block the abomination! This is an assault on the future of our planet!!
William Wehrum must be a graduate of Betsy DeVos school!
Trump’s candidates are horribly unqualified! Wonder what William did to get 45 to nominate him?
@Suenorr11888815 another superb trump “vetted” nominee
Yep!  Only the best...
RT   RT   RT
Un-freakin’ believable 
Senator, I agree! This guy needs to go back to school with Billy Madison 
You need to end Citizens United. Why are the Koch Bros influencing who’s at the @EPA? Dark Money in politics! It’s like we went back 50 yrs. All the work that has been done in last 8 yrs destroyed by trump regime in 6 months.
And this was confirmed!?! @Gop is in total denial of reality.
Where do these people come from?  Absolutely idiotic!
Next up: Trump nominee Charles Manson...
Deflect, deflect, deflect. NEXT! Who are these morons that keep being presented? Won't even acknowledge that two lines trend regardless of where the data came from is deliberate obtuseness.
Thank you, Senator. Please don't let this asshat get through.
Jesus Christ almighty! Everyone nominated by trump can’t answer the most basic of questions. He couldn’t answer if the 2 lines tracked each other. I don’t think he knew what it meant.
So thankful to have pittbull-like officials like @SenJeffMerkley to go after these creeps who would destroy our planet for profit.
Yes or no dude, theyre easy words to say. He dosnt care bout the planet, all him n peeps like him care about is power n money, and getting more power and more money.
You've got to be kidding with all @realdonaldtrump's nominees. Unfortunately @gop cowards are complicit.
Go get em Senator Merkley!!  Thank you!!  #TheKochsSuck
Thank you for trying. Even I know about ocean acidification. Can I get a job?
Waisting tax payer dollars on obviously unqualified people.
Al his nominee's are like this. He's destroying our country one nominee at a time. Will no one stop this?
No one can until we take away his #GOP rubber stamp.
You tell him, Senator Merkley! I LOVE it! #ProudToBeAnOregonian
 they truly are ignorant & don’t even try to hide it anymore.
Climate change deniers should be placed in an air tight room until their own carbon dioxide renders them unconscious
Seriously. Who nominates these people and maybe there should be some stink about it. Bloody waste of time/tax payers money. Good for you, Senator Merkley. @maddow @StephenAtHome
I think he just owned dumb dumb there lol
Good for u for calling it the way it was and is. Your polite directness is refreshing.
This nominee was sent in clearly to demonize the EPA and close it down.
CC: @Hawaiianstyle4 your rep doing amazing things over here.
Wow. Where is Dotard finding these idiots and WHY would someone be willing to expose their ignorance for all the world to see??

Great job @SenJeffMerkley. Love our Oregon Reps!!
Omg! WHY is every nominee in this adm sooo unqualified! Greedy Old Puppets just want to fill their pockets!$$$$$$$ & the hell with the rest of the world!!
Thank you for your dogged insistence that people like this are unfit to hold these positions.
This guy is another petroleum advocate. What an idiotic tool.
Morons lead by other morons.
here is fact.

no ty do not like and I have shares in oil and coal so no fact for me ty, take fact away.
Severely learning disabled, low functioning person considered for Dean of college Science department... easy, that's a no!
So why with this when its the same idea? Trump is a moron
It says 'Source: NASA'.  This Wehrum guy is an idiot!
Unbelievable.  I am enrolled in an Introduction to Oceanography...maybe he needs to attend some continuing education, or Netflix, even YouTube has information about these topics!
Thank you!
I applaud you Senator, and I'm proud to say you represent me. Thank you.

You can LITERALLY go watch the coral reef die. WTF is wrong with these people?
That guy is trash: all Trumpers are
You should have asked Wehrum if his mother had any kids that lived.
@SteveDaines (R-MT)  Steve, can YOU answer Merkley's questions?  I know...know, that, given the opportunity, you would vote yes for this nominee.  My question is, other than your own naked self-interest, why?
Great job Senator. Keep up the good work.
@SenWhitehouse had a very similar reaction lol
Thank you
Top work senator.....
Thank you, Senator Merkley.
Thank you Senator Merkley.
Thank you for your patience in dealing with a clearly uninformed nominee.  Ye God's! It's as if 45 intentionally picks the most anti-qualified nominees.  Perhaps he needs people like that to control.
He's definitely and purposely picking the worst possible. It's sinister. It's like he wants to destroy as much as possible before his ass gets kicked out.
Nice work, Senator. He's gross.
Heroic effort on your part to protect our planet.  THANK YOU!
Simply pathetic. Only positive for this guy that he is a live example of incompetence. Glad we can see this shitbag for what he is. #TrumpFools
Words we've been saying since 2016.
The fact that he will be confirmed is probably not white privilege
Yes, wilful stupidity like this is really offensive
Thank you senator for speaking up for our planet and the health &a economic consequences it will have on us. We must vote out deniers!
Senator, thank you for breaking down the obviously complex issue of climate change into small, irrefutable nuggets so the GOP dotards and deniers can show their willful ignorance and contempt for our planet.

Thank you, Senator Merkley.
Senator, it's more disturbing that some of your #GOP colleagues will ACTUALLY vote to confirm this man. When you ask them "why ?", what is their argument ?
This fills me with rage! Damn these nominees toeing the fossil fuel industry line.
You best guess, sir, is this man that unintelligent or has he sold his soul to corporate greed?
This is sickening.
You and @SenWhitehouse have been on 
If @GOP confirms this Koch whore then they should be be labeled as an #EnemyOfThePeople
From Trump down, the Republicans are not fit to serve the positions they hold.
They all have the same set of qualifications - none. #FakePOTUS #TrumpSucks
Unfortunately @realDonaldTrump  seems to go out of his way to find the most unqualified person possible to fill his cabinet. Keep up the good fight Mr Merkley.
Weighed, Measured & Found Wanting! 
Way to go, Jeff!
THANK YOU!
Senator Jeff Merkley, I like the cut of your jib.
You've got to be kidding me with this nominee. 
Thank you, dear Senator Merkley. So glad I'm an Oregonian.
Senator!!! Thanks for your good work on behalf of Oregon. Beautifully done, sir!
The nominations of this administration are going to haunt us--they are dismantling our country from the inside.
"I don't know anything about the oyster industry in Oregon" SMH
ANOTHER #TRUMPF FAILURE 
Republicanimism!
Just another of @realDonaldTrump's candidates who have no relevant skills, education or brains to qualify them. These appointments are based on ideology and the quid pro quo factor #TrumpSwamp  
@shilinz
Oh ya, I've seen this. What a joke.
Yikes.
His@l admitted lack of familiarity w/increased acidity of ocean suggests he lacks scientific knowledge and background for the job.
William is just special
"I'm not familiar with the Oyster Industry" is such a shallow attempt to make the Senator's point seem silly and not worth direct concern.
Honestly people like this who dodge direct questions should be jailed. They're directly impacting progress.
I say bill them for the time wasted in considering them for the position they are wholly unqualified for.
Thank you! Simple facts vs intentional ignorance.
Who cares about California? Leave already...good riddance!
Thank you for this line of questioning. How far would one go to ignore the facts?  Pretty far.  Disgraceful little man, Wehrum.
Give it up! Same old BS over again.
Trump is a clear and present undeniable danger to the U.S. And the world.  Video is sickening 
And to think trump portrayed will be in the WH for EVER lmao (in desperation at the thought) 
Who is watching. CSpan these clowns can not get appointed
Confirmed
If this was a regular job interview, they wouldn’t even bother completing all the interview questions.
People only need to ask Kiribati and the Maldives for their opinion on global warming.

Perfect!  Raise their taxes, now.
Thank you for highlighting the ignorance of people who continue to deny the existence of the changing climate on this planet
Thank you for your leadership! Keep it up.
I find this hilarious
If that shitbird candidate looks familiar it's because W. tried to get him a job ten years ago:

Amazing.  How can this stooge be considered?
What a joke this guy is  terrible to think he could have a job like this
Thanks for your work Senator Merkley. This man is a shame to your country.
Imagine having so little dignity & self-respect, that you’d go before a Senate committee and defile yourself like that. For Koch $? Puhleeze
The body language! The dissembling! He knows he's a fraud and doesn't even care. No attempt to present counter arguments.
shut up
He sounds like a wimp whose career will go nowhere.   Is he smarter than a fifth grader?
But he's from fine German stock, so give him a pass 
Is this the steak and lobster inspector?
Oh Come on Senator, Trumps stated PURPOSE, during election was to DISMANTLE the GOVT., His BUDDY is PUTIN.
Prostitutes rarely speak out against their pimps, even when abused.
Dork!
Man made global warming is bullshit
Two words in response. Betsy Devos.
Thank you!
OMG!!! How can an ignorant Dufus even be.considered for such an important position? We must have real intellect and real science here.
I had to stop watching it because I would have thrown my computer out the window
DESPICABLE BEHAVIOR-NO ANSWERS......
DO NOT GIVE HIM THAT POSITION.
OUTSTANDING INTERVIEW!!
Senator Merkley rocks!!
Clueless William "YGTBSM" Wehrum...  Thank you Sen Merkley, keep challenging these morons!
Are you really surprised?
Look at all the other unfit
 unqualified people he's put in

DO SOMETHING DAMNIT
Where do they find these people?  Nominee Wehrum ...Trump University Graduate.
FOR THE HEALTH OF MY NEIGHBORHOOD AND YOURS!!!
What a dipshit! Thanks Senator Merkley!
Thank you Sen. At least someone's asking the smart questions & stating facts to unqualified nominees!
Thank you.
I'd like 2 know who is pushing these unqualified people 4 gov't posts; can't believe it's @realdonaldtrump as instigator;truly ludicrous
@BarnCatBlues Mr. Wherum needs to be careful with that water. The pitcher is nearly empty. Going to need a health break soon
Nice observation. What #WilliamWehrum needs is a mental health break but we already know @gop is fine w/that. In fact, they prefer it. #Ω
Thank you so much for fighting these idiots with facts and evidence, Senator. They’re embarrassing our country.
No not kidding. His job is to disrupt the administrative state just like senor Bannon said...
Seriously now people, we need to wake up and smell the global warming!!
Trump's 'fine' people.
Every nominee has been a total failure.
Excluding these guys
Gen. Mattis
Gen. Kelly 
Gen. McMaster
You, sir, give the rest of the world hope. Thank you very much for your efforts!
You must acknowledge the chemtrails in this equation of climate change.btw Al Gore will take your carbon taxes. Pay up
What a dud 
Another one for the swamp - plants under qualified
Hey that politics all over.take minutes about the minutes..not address the issue remove big business from politics and pass laws against it.
#PwningPence
https://youtu.be/JPl7z2leptM  
https://plus.google.com/101840862776810780050/posts/QLut7bt9tsP … 
https://plus.google.com/101840862776810780050/posts/LTS1o5S42oq …
https://plus.google.com/101840862776810780050/posts/Ev9HBjGoqWu …
https://plus.google.com/101840862776810780050/posts/PAofm9BmMXW …
This guy is a tool! You can’t ask SPECIFIC question only you know and expect someone to be able to answer everything g 100%. Good gosh!!
Thank you senator Merkley for your questioning showing these individuals for what they are !
Trump is making a mockery of the US system of government.
#stopwilliamwehrum  Pac NW repped by Sen. Merkley, yes!  #knownoignoranceonclimatechange Trump's EPA nominee not commiting to ANYTHING.
FULL STOP.
If only it were a joke. Thank You, @SenJeffMerkley. Please keep up up the good fight.
Re: Sludge For Brains Nominee Well Done! Stand firm and do not let the fox in the hen house!
 Trump is appointing literal idiots to run or science and environmental government departments. As a lover of science, this sickens me to my core. #DotardTrump #ScienceRules
They're not kidding you, Jeff. They're trying to kill us all.
