Tell it to Joe Biden and Chuck Schumer. They set the precedent. The Republicans just followed it.
That would ruin a bit of our checks and balances, intelligent discussion and decisions concept of America.  Again...
Again. We've seen honest discourse stomped under the boot of the GOP since Nixon. Whatever happened to all those Hippies?
Is it getting worse, or am I just paying it more attention?   (real ?)
I'm 48. I remember stuff I have no business remembering.
I'm 53. Sorry to admit I didn't follow politics until Trump and his mean mouth pissed me off and I've only gotten more angry since then.
My parents weren't Normal.
When this comes back to bite the GOP in 2020,I don't want to hear any whining about how unfair it is!Vote all GOP thieves out in 2020 #MAGA
Gross breach of the Constitutional powers. The sitting Pres gets to appoint Judges to the Supreme Court. McConnell perverting the law.
No they do not. The Senate must advise and consent
Verbatim: "he shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, ...shall APPOINT...Judges of the supreme Court"
Verbatim: "with the advice and consent of the Senate"
They provided neither. If they had, and had voted against him, that would be fine. Refusing to "advise" was unconstitutional. Unethical.
Kind of like what happened with Merrick Garland?
Right. That's who I was referring to. It was unconstitutional that he wasn't even acknowledged. The seat was stolen.
Exactly. It isn't Constitutional for a Senator to decide SCOTUS appointees by breaking, overriding the processes. #StolenSeat
Well they can just change the rule back before convened can't they?
On the plus side, if it becomes impossible to confirm w/opp Senate, maybe voters will end the idiotic habit of ticket-splitting.
OMG, thank you so much! It's been MADDENING.
Yes. Horrifying. I feel for the People of Kentucky- their name will EVER be tied to this (@IndivisibleBgky @IndivisibleSEKy @Indivisible_KY3
Oh well, thank your party and Harry Reid! What goes around comes around! #MAGA!
Good effort at deflection. Try again. Do better.
Sucks to be a liberal right about now! I feel ur pain, just can't reach you!
Senator Merkley, stop lying to the people of Oregon. No POTUS has been appointed the last year of a President. Republicans could appoint 1/2
awful precedent and business as usual for McConnell, who's entire senate career has been for self agrandisment, and nothing more.
Start investigating him then
Dictatorship in collusion with Trump at its best!
Essentially, we would need a new Constitution with a European-style unicameral Parliament.
So is refusing to even consider a nominee because you didn't like the president that nominated him re: Merritt Garland
A extreme right winger does not make the supreme Court "balanced"
He's in favor of defunding Planned Parenthood. He think corporate money is more important than human lives. Example is freezing trucker case
They absolutely did not. How many states investigated them and found they broke the law? Zero.
Go ahead and link it to me and let me know what's was so bad you think they did.
2/2 God & Dems would still fight it because it was a Repub  who did the appointment. Dems said BIG NO to any1Trump picks. We The People WON
Which begs the question, did GOP leadership know TrumpCo was working w/ Russians to steal election & kept the seat open for this opportunity
Scalia dies in February.

http://www.cbsnews.com/videos/fbi-investigating-trump-associates-russia-ties-from-as-early-as-march-2016/ …
just curious, can you provide one example of a President placing a SCOTUS on the bench in the last year of holding office?
Constitutional Republic won't stand if y'all on Left keep fighting the fact that u lost the election. Dems made/changed rules several times!
Thank you for all your hard work. Please rest up, Senator!
So last time it happened was okay?
Much respect
I don't see how the country will ever recover from this presidency and this administration. Republicans are allowing treason to profit.
Thank you for fighting for us Senator Merkley.
A seat was stolen. No hearing for Obamas pick.
Well then it started last year when the Repubs wouldn't give Obama's nominee even a chance
You are amazing,  thank you Senator!
Stop claiming this is a stolen seat.  Anti-Second Amendment Garland stood no chance of being confirmed by Senate's advise and consent
Thanks @SenJeffMerkley for speaking out for us. We will fight as hard as you did, we will never give up! Stand up Speak out March be loud 
Thank you
Senator, do you think you can convince McCain to oppose? He clearly hates what's happening otherwise.
So true Sir! Thank you for fighting so hard for our country! #Patriot #WeStandIndivisible
God bless you sir for fighting for us! Proud to stand with you against the forces of darkness #WeStandIndivisible
Wasnt it mike pence that came down to break a tie already? They dont care as long as they get their way.
Well done, Senator. You rock!
@TheDemocrats and @GOP both seem to have the entitlement mentality of "my turn". youre both corrupt. the seat is the american peoples
@tndp - Absolutely!!
So proud of you & your staff! You represent us well. #pdxpride #Oregonlove
Unless Congres legislates out that BS about msj party gets to change rules. The 60 vote majority needs to be permanent and untouchable.
When enough die or retire, they wil.  I'm ok with 8
Thank you for HEARING US. You did exactly what your constituents want you to do #RESIST
UNTIL WE REGAIN MAJORITY! Thank you, senator! -OR VOTER
@SenJeffMerkley, keep fighting this! Letting them steal this seat will promote similar behavior. It can not stand! #SCOTUS #notonmywatch
Ask @POTUS44 how many hearings his nominee got....#rewritehistory #hypocrite
Thank you @Senjeffmerkley!  With all our hearts!  We are behind you!
Yes
Thank you for what you did on the senate floor last night. Our family is proud to have you as our senator.
Thank you for pulling an all nighter Sir!
@visiondrawn That last word, you misspelled "President".
true.
Thank you for standing up and fighting Senator! Proud to be a constituent of yours!
This is the end of our democracy as we have known it. What a bad way to learn a lesson about getting out to vote!
You talk about stealing a seat? What about Judge Garland? What goes around comes around.   Vote on Garland first.  THAT is the stolen seat.
You were great trying to right this wrong!
From New Jersey, a big thank you to @SenJeffMerkley
The seat will not be stolen. Please stop trying to say it is. Learn something.
@nypapajoe thank you for your integrity, perseverance and endurance to standing up for what is right.
Thank you, @SenJeffMerkley for standing up for all of us.
Thank you senator
Thank you Senator! Thank you very much
Thank you, Senator, for representing the majority AND for standing for democratic values, which do not include plagiarism.
More BS & Fake News
Fifty years from now Democrats will be evoking the name of Merit Garland while voting by at least 51 votes to confirm the Dem. Pres's judges
Just one more way to sabotage our system of government and cause it to malfunction even more in the future. No patriots in GOP!
GM Jeff.. Unlike a handful of your colleagues, campaign finance reform seems 2 be a mere TP to DEM party. Good luck with your fifbuster
Thank you Senator MERKLEY!
Keep up the good work Senator! At least we know you are trying. #Trumprussia
@gruber Hey @SenJeffMerkley you just earned a donation from me. How do I donate?
Wait, you mean like how GOP stole it from Obama? It certainly was a bad precedent.
Stolen? It was bad timing, that's all. Biden set the precedent on end-term judge selection.
Awful president.
And yet, it'll come to no good as GOP threatens to change the rules. Then what?
If it's such an awful precedent, then why did high-profile Democrats repeatedly advocate for it... when Dems controlled the Senate?
There will be further awful precedents before we fire all the GOPers.
Thank you, Senator Merkley!!!!
thank you for your service. your constituents are behind you. #holdthefloor #NoGorsuch
Thank you, Senator Merkley!
Thank you for being a great American. I hope to visit the Peace Tree  someday. 
CANNOT BELIEVE YOU ARE STILL SPEAKING!  BLESS YOU SIR AND THANK YOU SO MUCH!  WE ARE SO WORRIED ABOUT RUSSIA & GORSUCH!Thn u
He has held the floor since 645 pm Tuesday evening, yesterday, April 4th. It's incredible.
Not quite true.  No DEMOCRATIC president will ever get a nominee through a REPUBLICAN senate again.  FTFY.
We are all standing with you! 
Thank you Senator.  Moral victories are important too.
I agree--we need to appoint moderates to the court who can represent all Americans fairly rather than allowing bullying to get extremists
Thank you Senator Jeff Merkley#HoldTheFloor #StopGorsuch
No. A centrist will be nominated which is not a bad thing.
Awful #LiberalIdiots 
#FilibusterGorsuch is nothing but because #EvilHillary couldn't run a campaign
STOLEN! It is common practice for the Senate when it is controlled by the opposing party to not confirm Supreme Court nominations from POTUS
For the last part of his term. The Democrats did not confirm any Supreme Court nominations from George W Bush for the last 18 months He was
THANK YOU! #noSCOTUSpick #noSCOTUSpick #NotGorsch #Trumprussia #GOPhypocrisy #resist
Then sit down and confirm.  You are so full of yourself. Think of the nominees the Clinton Crime family would bring. Amazing
Thank you!
You need to send these traitor criminals to prison.
Way to fight, sir!  You are a true American!! #TrumpRussia #StopGorsuch
Thank you for fighting for us! #holdthefloor #VoteNoOnGorsuch
Thank you again for showing courage that is seldom on display in Washington #StolenSeat #holdthefloor
The Party of Evil (GOP) has no shame, decency or brains. This traitor would be dictator cannot be allowed to name ANYONE to Supreme Court
The beginning signs of losing democracy nationwide 
Thank you for what you are doing! #TrumpRussia #holdthefloor #Resist #MerkleyRules
successfully stolen 2.0  republicans have no shame x infinity.
History will remember the night you fought one last time for democracy. Thank you Senator.
Keep talking!!! Read the #constitution into the #federalrecord! Every amendment too.
He's a Democrat. They don't believe in the Constitution. Same goes for the amendments (especially 1st&2nd)
Keep fighting the good fight!! #AmericaFirstNotPutin #ImpeachTrump
And it will commence in 2018. We promise. #HoldTheFloor #FilibusterGorsuch #StopGorsuch #FirstThingsFirst #MerrickGarlandHearing
For sure
#StopGorsuch 
#holdthefloor 
#MerrickGarlandHearing
An awful precedent during an awful time in our history.  But we thank you!!
Please continue to resist blatant disrespect of law. I'm so proud to be from Oregon at this moment.
Tha k you for fighting this fight!
@googleonIE Thank you so much, Senator!
but you elected officials need to rectify voter roll purges and undo g-mandering. If you do @GOP will never hold power again
Thanks for fighting the good fight! Proud to be an Oregonian. #Resist #Filibuster #GoMerkley
@MoveOn ... unless we the voters get rid of the @GOP forever. #partyofoldwhitecorruptmenwithnoideasorempathyormorals
if this seat is stolen then the fbi will continue to run the country by waging a partisan war of lies. and if it isnt, the same.
THAT'S WHY AMERICA CANNOT AFFORD TO HAVE A SHORT MEMORY ANY LONGER.  GOP CARES NOTHING ABOUT AMERICAN PEOPLE...ONLY $ - GOP MUST GO NOW!
Thank you for speaking out. I admire you greatly.
Seriously, what is your problem!? The man has all the creds but you insist on playing politics. Its law, not your feelings.
Thank you Senator for trying to stand up for what is right! 
#Merkley  #resist #participate
Isn't this, then, the proof we need to move SCOTUS noms to national voting? If our elected reps refuse to honor our wishes, it's time.
Thank you for your hard work Sir.
So proud of our state's @SenJeffMerkley !
Sorry, you misspelled "president" there.
Thank you Senator!!
I think you mean Awful President
PUTIN RUNNING USA????
DESTROY DEMOCRACY FOR GORSUCH

PUTIN RUNNING USA???????
And as one of your constituents, I hope you never vote for a Republican appointee.
-- FWIW, I'd love to see Garland get a second chance, but let's not pretend this started here and now.
Thank you, Senator Merkley
I am staying up w/ u, .@SenJeffMerkley.
its worse than that. the fbi is politicized by their partisan witch hunt against clinton. what you have broken cant be fixed with politics.
thank you so much!
You rock! Thank you.
The "awful precedent" was the theft of the Democratic Nomination that should have gone to Senator Bernie Sanders and not the criminal HRC.
All you've become is a mindless robot, no longer Senator of Oregon...just another tool.
...set by Sen Schumer.  Talk until your blue in the face regurgitating talking points developed by some other special interest groups.
Stolen? Obama got 2-follow the biden rule-FRAUDS
When was last time D Pres had #SCOTUSnominee confirmed by majority R senate??
Shortsighted GOP 
Stolen? Were there laws broken?
thank you for standing up for the American ideal
Dont understand how this can be done
Thank you Senator Merkley!
This is on you @SenJeffMerkley. You are slandering an honest man and skilled judge.  Can't wait to vote you out
What's all this new info about Gorsuch and him plagiarizing his book? Maybe someone needs to look at that perhaps.
Thank you for standing up for us! Wish you were my senator instead of @SenDeanHeller!! 
#VoteHellerOut #wheresdeanheller
Of maybe shit will start getting done in washington
Thank you, Senator. We are with you.
We are at the threshold of corporate dominance of all three branches of government. America, wake up!
@puppymnkey Thank you Senator You are a true AMERICAN PATRIOT! Unlike those who are weak thieves of our democracy #NoGorsuch
please suport america and our nominee gorsuch  thank u
Agreed. Thank you for standing up for civility.
Awful precedent & president!
The "awful precedent" is on your side of the aisle, Senator. No Supreme Court nominee has EVER been filibustered until now. Own it.
Except, it's quite bad enough obstructionism and euphemism/pejorative worked just fine. Laws and constituents have been ignored just fine.
Republicans don't need to worry about that. It's not like they have a ultra-unpopular president likely to swing the Senate in two years.
This is a #stolenseat by a leader under investigation by the FBI. We must stop the process until we know what is going on. #StopGorsuch
Keep going we won't fail you. Fight, hang in there. Proud! #StopGorsuch #holdthefloor #Trumpsrussia #Trumpleaks
Thank you Senator!
Thank you sir
awful president too...
It will be!  Sadly.  ;)
Thank you Senator for standing up for us.
Thank you Senator! Millions of Americans are proud of you! #holdthefloor #StopGorsuch
Good job, @SenJeffMerkley!  #holdthefloor for as long as it takes.
Thank you!  Your hard work is appreciated.  We support your message.
While you are talking about the Koch Bros, don't forget to talk about Robert Mercer as an example.  Nice NYer article for you to read!
Sir, if it happens, the Democrats better make your statement true. Can't be the nice guy to a jerk.
Thank you, Senator.
Your dedication to the cause is greatly appreciated Sir. We really appreciate all the effort you're putting forth! #VoteNoToGorsuch
Thank you for trying to uphold democracy and point out the #stolenseat
thank you, Jeff!
Hold the floor!!
I'm still more worried that a United States Senator has a Snapchat profile pic.
Thank you!!
Dems should have thought about that 2013. They can avoid the nuclear and confirm him. But they wont.
BE QUIET.
Already be quiet.
It's obviously heading in that direction and just proves that the morals and ethics of politics today is below level of acceptability to USA
I want you to know I have been watching from the very beginning. You're getting better and better! #changethenominee #stopgorsuch

Gooooooo @SenJeffMerkley !! 

Thank you, Sir!!  https://twitter.com/paladincornelia/status/849476842977472512 …
Something will change or has already changed you just don't know it yet. Some Oregonians feel different than you. Freedom
Yep. I am embarrassed of our senator.
