Yes, it is unacceptable. This is how dictatorships start. Please continue to stand up for America, @SenJeffMerkley!
seems to me this a response to a irresponsible press more than a step toward authoritarianism.
YEAH! When they are Honest they can come back! Standing against Evil is Good!
The media serve to hold accountable the powers of government. @POTUS can't stand criticism
What are people in Washington going to do about it?
this is insane however it may be a slight of hand, is russia the real story or is it something new and evil
Just report the truth.  Merkley you are part pf the problem when you sensationalize.
Merkley told the truth @POTUS45 throwing temper tantrum at Fourth Estate. #Fascism
the news media needs to tell the truth, read carefully.  Merkley thrives on the negative
he's violating the constitution! What happened to freedom of the press!? Fight the bastards!
Fascist behaviors should not be tolerated by congress! Investigate  Russian ties and conflicts of interest NOW!
what happened to freedom of speech , will we have to live in a dictator ship?
@SeanStepro @CNNMoney Just look at Turkey (a NATO partner on top of things): 1. press is silenced 2. Opposition defamed...
go home Merkely
just like you were blaming trump for the collapse of failed obamadeathcare, the T-4 plan.  Dont lie
We already experienced authoritarianism in your constituency. It's by the liberals in Portland
that's unacceptable we need to do more to start this president and his administration
Yes, but the real news is Russia/Trump Admin ties. This story is meant to keep that one on the back burner.
-- and the masses follow him blindly- believing everything he says.. history repeats itself- we must wake up now!!
Keep fighting, Senator. Your efforts are appreciated!
If @realDonaldTrump hates our #FreedomOfThePress he should go be Putin's puppet.
lockout is bad, but please subpoena his tax returns, and investigate his staff's connections to Russia.
lock-out is good. No more Fake news? Merkely is a part of fake news. Trumps taxes(who cares)?
boy u snow flakes are going to have a stroke when conservatives become. A super majority in 2 years
Shutting out the media because they libel constantly is called exercising our 5th amendment right to remain silent
Authoritarianism is when you have a president that forces you to buy health insurance like Obama, for example.
Well this is what you get when you purposely report fake news.  What do you expect?  Not authoritarianism.
impeach trump
Glad to see my senator not be afraid to use the word "authoritarianism" to describe Trump administration actions.
Thank you senator! Keep up the good work!
Don't remember you complaining when Obama banned reporters.
Is it possible for congress to require the IRS to reveal Trumps taxes to congress?
Why? Because he blocked a couple of Fake News organizations and gave those who don't usually get to ask questions a chance?
just like you putting illegal immigrants over citizens taking our resources!!
Unfortunately folks take words out of context/especially when they're on someone else's payroll.wheres the truth?
what can we do to force the Republicans to speak out against this president? It's un-American
this was a "gaggle" One hell of a lot different than what Obumer did too Fox. Judicial Watch foia emails 7/23/09
This IS authoritarianism.  Keep fighting for all of us Senator, and THANK YOU!
Fake News doesn't deserve to be Recognized by OUR White House !

GREAT MOVE PRESIDENT TRUMP !
@pmaddogs @CNNMoney Plz work to fight back! This is a major non-partisan issue, so scary where #Trump is taking us w/Russia.
how about you do everything in your power to stop him.
Yes. Yes it is. What are The Senate and the House doing about it?
AGREE!
boo hoo boo hoo don't you have anything important to do? like your job
@SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader @GOP 
Pay attention. Your lack of action will result in you being unemployed
resist/persist!!
A free press is an essential piece of our democracy. You are our voice in government, Senator - stand up for us.
NO.. real journalism is just about dead. They are trying to control what we hear...
@dbennett_ks @CNNMoney " Unacceptable is putting it lightly! This was planned ahead of time! Trump bannan & Russia?
I just don't know what else needs to happen...impeachment before something terrible happens
so what are our Senators dong about Trump? He needs to be fully investigated for taxes & Russian ties. You all took an oath!
this is deplorable.  trump is like  Hitler.  He needs to be stopped.  If he's done this much damage already...OMG
Authoritarianism is too gentle a word.  Call it what it is. #Fascism.
Remember, the Corporate press also includes Fox, so they can't use that card.They only want press that plays nice.
Deeper into a totalitarian, authoritarian-type rule and ruler.
Thank you, Senator. If we still have elections in 2020, please run for President. I will vote for you!
They get what they  deserve.
This is what we call an extreme measure and major tactical error. Press are going to go to work on this mad man.
.@SenJeffMerkley This is a VERY concerning development.
when was the last true meeting you held for actual American citizens instead of Mexican
Yes it is unacceptable. So persuade congressmen who still have souls to stop this Cabal before we repeat history.
not as rotten as you ignoring half of the citizens of oregon
"step"??! More like "giant leap into the abyss"!!! 
obama did it to fox and even had one reporter tapped
absolutely! This is frightening and I hope it's not a signal of what to expect in the future.
you are unacceptBle!
So what is your plan? What will you do about this?
Please work to force an independent  (not bipartisan) investigation of Trump's Russian Connection #Trumprussia
AGREED! What can citizens do if they want to oppose this?
Guess it's time to subscribe to digital versions of NYT, the LAT, and  Politco.They must be doing something right.
Obama won an award for muzzling the press.
proud you are my senator.
BS!  CNN is very fake news!! Good job Trump!! President Trump!!!
he needs to go. He is corrupt and trying to hide his illegal activities
They were provided a readout AND a taped recording. Only so much room in the room. You are such a drama queen!
"only so much room"? Obviously you didn't think that one through before you posted it. Open your eyes
????
Please, start the call for impeachment before it's too late.
should the CIA-run CNN be allowed to broadcast anti-American propaganda written by the Tavistock Institute?
The big liberal Ted Turner owns CNN.
That would make the CIA liberal as well.
research it yourself: http://fair.org/take-action/action-alerts/why-were-government-propaganda-experts-working-on-news-at-cnn/ …
Interesting story. Not working for CNN now. You think they would be calling favors to save their butt.
yes but everyone they'd call is out of answers. Credibility of establishment is gone.
What else should we do besides call you to express our concern about this? (I've already got subscriptions...)
it managed to bump cnn's story -- the cos attempting to influence the fbi's investigation -- from above the fold. w.h. wins
you're going to take this to the Supreme Court right?!
unacceptable. Thank you for fighting this any way you can.
Pls tell me Senator, where in the Constitution does it state that any gov official must speak to the press? #Moron @SenJeffMerkley
.@ananvii @senjeffmerkley Democracy allows press to be checks/balances.Dictatorship tells you want he wants you to believe and is secretive
Senator, will we allow this country to go the way of Erdogan's Turkey? #NotTheEnemy
What can you all in the corridors of power do about this?
as the right of the White House to restrict who's allowed at the briefings and who's in the press corps
Start the impeachment process.
