That's RIGHT.....You've got to OBSTRUCT and FIGHT them all....
As expected from a partisan hack.
.@SenJeffMerkley @CIA Thank you!
#Pompeo Well done, Senator.  Keep fighting.
Thanks Senator! We Oregonians have your back, because you have ours!
the only thing we agree on. What about #stockact and the rollback?
Thank you for standing up for what's right. Proud to have you representing us
Thank you, Senator!
Too bad, so sad.  Your vote did not count.
You're a partisan hack. We need term limits.
Merkley you only represent the wierdos in Portland, not most of the state.
Thank you! @IndivisibleTeam #standindivisible Please vote against ALL cabinet nominations!
we're so glad in Oregon your vote does not matter just like eastern Oregon. Justice in such a small way. Useless
how did that work iut for ya?
SAD!  Partisanism over what's good gor the country.  I thought better  of you.
thank you for standing up for the People! Please keep the pressure on the other candidates for Cabinet offices!
THANK YOU!
Vote No on all of them until they are qualified!
thank you Senator! Please oppose these candidates.  They are unqualified and often unethical. We stand with you
You lost.
Quit wasting our time. Work on something that matters.
Thank you from one of your constituents in Sisters, OR
thank you Senator!
wow jeff. Just wow. Where were you the last 8 years? Where were you just last week when Obama expanded nsa powers?
Thank you!
thank you Senator
thanks for having a spine
Thank you Sen Merkley for holding strong.
we already know u will vote against all picks cuz u have a D in front of ur name. Y update us? Or is it an ego thing
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator.
and how would he undermine our privacy? Don't make claims w/o proof being provided!
thanks for trying, Senator Merkley. Keep up the good work.
So happy to see Oregon congressmen front and center calling out Trump and staff! But when will it be enough to remove him??
thank you!!! We need your strength and determination!!
Thank you, from an Oregonian.
I am one of your constituents & I appreciate your listening to us. We count on you to represent Oregon. @now_justice @CIA
we need people and government that will do their job right, by the book, without prejudice or reservations!
Thank you, Senator Merkley! Glad to know you have our backs in Congress!
@Lewis4Hope @CIA thank you.
Thank you Jeff!
but, you voted for the last CIA director.
thank you!
THANK YOU. #IstandwithJeffMerkley
thank you for your effort
Thanks @SenJeffMerkley
Thank you. You make me proud to be an Oregonian!
Please don't let the investigation of the Trump/Russian connection disappear & need to see his taxes.
Thank you for standing up for what is right, Senator Merkley.
I will be voting NO the next time you come up for office.. you force us to use the internet which is totally unsecure..
and then vote no on some one who will protect us from the Jihadists you and Gov. Brown allow into Oregon.. shame on you
how nice for you.. you live on the high and mighty I-5 corridor..
Thank you Senator Merkley! This Oregonian is grateful to have you in the Senate!
Thank you. Please vote NO on Sessions and on DeVos too (Signed - a constituent!)
Thank you, Senator. Please keep fighting.
Right in line with the left. What would we expect? #youdontrepresentme
Thank you - keep up the good fight & #Resist
Thx 4 ur vote. Rand Paul was w/you on this very point. I'd love to see a little more purple in Congress sir. #bipartisan
thank you Senator for standing up for all Americans.
Oh, like you undermined us by voting 4 obamacare & signing on2 the u n Arms treaty without reading em, you little twerp
Thank you!
thank you but I am puzzled why 15 @SenateDems will vote yes for #PompeoConfirmation
thank you!
he was being the usual Democrat coward he is
thank you
thank you!
Thank you for that NO vote!
