they are named Republicans and Democrats.
Lincoln was a republican and democrats was not the progressive movement back then
history is important. That is why liberals used Nazi to scare ppl away from Trump.
The way "Crooked" sticked to Hillary, "Lying" sticked to Ted and "Jeb is a Mess"
@ImpactDemocracy @SenateGOP wasn't it Harry Reid who introduced the nuclear option? What goes around, comes around man.
Until the FBI/Congressional investigations into our elections are resolved, we should block any lifetime appointment.

#NoGorsuch
sorry but your buddy harry made blocking anyone not possible, just wait till old ruthie goes
It looks like the #GOP is on track to destroy America with #PutinsPuppet dismantling our government and calling it freedom. #Anarchy
Filibuster!!
I think this is your job and you are doing it well.  Give Putin a hug for me.
Putting Gorsuch on SCOTUS wouldn't destroy the integrity of the Court. What a moronic statement!
No, it isn't their choice. You MUST do what it takes to stop Mitch from ramming thru Gorsuch. Senate Dems are the grownups. Find a way.
sorry heather, you liberals dont have enough votes to buy lunch, and at this rate you will have less
A reminder that submitting to arrogant, ignorant bullies (a.k.a. @SenateGOP) only encourages them to keep kicking you in the face.
Please say NO to Gorsuch! Stand together or you will lose our respect and votes. No excuses!
Exactly, using filibuster is NOT destroying it. Using Nuclear Option is. Kagan 63. Sotomayor 68. Why shouldn't we ask Gorsuch for 60 votes?
We will take the risk good luck Jeff elections have consequences

Thank you Senator! Oregon stands with you. R's want to bully, obstruct for years ignoring tradition and norms. We want a moderate. Garland.
Yes, thank you!
our constitution was not written to be to be abused using a 51% majority gets a life position on the bench? Can I sue the senate?
@SenateDems @SenateGOP  thank you for supporting our supreme court nominee america
Simple question Senator...is Judge Gorsuch qualified to sit on the bench? Yes or no? If he's qualified then he should be confirmed.
Illegal nominee by an illegal prez in control of illegal government
I support Gorsuch, you should too as MY Senator.
Gorsuch has impeccable record. A vote against him playing politics w/Schumer & obstructing progress. I support Gorsuch I'm a constituent.
The GOP is complicit in the downfall of the American experiment, along with anyone who supports anything #traitortrump does.
@SenateDems Trump is the POTUS. Has the right to have his cabinet and Gorsuch. Get behind him and get over the election
Dems also destroying integrity; whatever happened to bipartisanship?  If it goes to simple majority, Dems may never get 2nd chance - confirm
The fact that I'm seeing commercials supporting the nomination of Gorsuch, in my tiny state, is proof enough for me that he shouldn't be.
The socialists have polluted the Federal courts. Rule of law is failing in America due to this Political infiltration. You hate the US
basically Senator Merkley is idiot and I am embarrassed he represents my state. Confirm Gorsuch now.
THERE SHOULD BE NO CONSIDERATION OF NOMINEE BY PRESIDENT UNDER FBI INVESTIGATION. Doesn't matter who s/he is.
@SenateDems @SenateGOP oh #STFU
If only 6 Dems vote to confirm Gorsuch, we'll all know it's just to save yourself politically. Voters are actually smarter than you think
Supreme Court should rule if McConnell vs Garland decision violated Art 2. Sec 2 of Constitution & Judiciary Act of 1869 b4 vote
No they don't democrats crying cause they want an all liberal SC and can't get it
Democrats want to appoint Liberal judges who will legislate from the bench instead of following Constitutional law like Gorsuch.
How about all judges upholding the laws and the Constitution. How are your views on that?
Judges in California are violating their Oath of Z office and violating the Constitution. Where's your outrage?
The only thing destroyed are judges already in the Supreme Court serving agendas rather than Constitution.
Dems set the precedent. Live with it.
@1190KEX @SenateGOP Thank you Senator Merkmoron.
Way to stay strong Jeff. You make us proud.
The cold heartedness #gorsuch showed towards an #autistic person is chilling. He has baggage, connections to bad people. We don't trust him
Pig
Thank u Dems for clearing the way for the next Supreme Court justice appt. Spend all ur political capital now.
No place on SCOTUS for those ruled by religion and 
Gorsuch would never get the Trump stench off him anyway. Thank you, Sen. Merkley.
You could, you know, try to stop them...
Thank you! for your stance on Gorsuch. I always support D's but it's exhausting whn they put their necks out only to be stepped on by R's.
Those decisions won't be "illegitimate" as you say. They will be the LAW and you & your constituents will follow it.
As long as this administration is under investigation, there should NO appointments to life-long judicial seats. #noprobenorobe
When we have a destroyef country, when we need to be refugees, when you are playing with strange gods you can make this statement?
Vote all dems out, sick of the lies, bullshit and they get paid to be idiots!
Soundy byte Another obstructionist puppet who can only do what he's told. Members of the Dem Party are like human web bots ;)
@SenateDems @SenateGOP thank you!!!!!
They will not do that.  That would have happened had we had a president hillary.  She is a criminal and needs to be in prison!
It was okay when Harry Reid did it though? The senate has been worthless since 2009.
Thank you senator for your stance on garland!  I would only add one thing, correct me if I'm wrong.  No one rescinded his appt correct?
@SenateDems @SenateGOP Look at the obama & the Dems put in
#TheResistance #Indivisible  #ResistTrump #AntiTrump #AntiFascism #Resist #Trump #GrabYourWallet #ImpeachTrump #Trumprussia
SUPREME COURT CORPORATE LACKY GORSUCH - ONLY VOTES FOR RICH & HELL WITH THE PEOPLE WAKE UP WORKERS OF AMERICA-RICH R SUCKING OFF OF YOU!!
Gorsuch is not a brilliant thinker along the lines of Scalia...he is narrow minded and will skew the Supreme Court in a negative way
Merkley was the leader for not using filibuster - what changed? Let's post the videos of this.
If GOP had any smarts, they wouldn't try to install a "Tainted" SCOTUS Under their own party WH FBI Invest. A dish well served in 2018! 
The integrity of the US Supreme Court was comprised during the last two administrations. It IS time to have constitutionalists on the SC
What would you know about integrity? You'll understand why, given recent behavior, we don't take you or the other obstructionists seriously.
OUR MAN FROM OREGON THANK YOU

In 2006, the Senate unanimously confirmed @GorsuchFacts by voice vote to the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals. #ConfirmGorsuch #SCOTUS (3/3)
hmm... I wonder how Russians could be so confident that American media wouldn't investigate fake news before reporting it?
#FakeJournalists

SCOTUS = *SCOTUS
SANS GARLAND
It's all about R's absconding Constitutional duty, don't blame me, no sale

Rs already destroyed integrity of SCt over Garland & totally politicized it Ds must pack SCt when back in power Rs hypocrites
They destroyed the integrity of the process by refusing a hearing on Merrick Garland. If they want 2 nuke when dems say no now it's on them
Using rules put in place by Democratic leaders, he will be on the Supreme Court. Thank you Harry Reid and Pelosi for putting this in place.
Oh pa-lease! Throw me in that briar patch!
Thank you for fighting for us Senator! Oregon represent #TheResistance
