What? Stolen with the "Biden rule"?
There is no Biden Rule, only a suggestion that the president nominate someone after the election, but not wait for the next president.
that's not true
That makes no sense!
I guess you didn't hear what he said.  He thought the time from around the RNC and DNC until election would be too hectic to give
a nominee a fair hearing.
In the speech he said if there was a vacancy, Bush should nominate someone after the election but Bush did not win re-election.
Thanks to Reid it doesn't matter. Gorsuch will be appointed. Next ones will be easier!
Mitch McConnell is an enemy of the state.
Only if you are a Dem.
Only if you're a hard working middle class American.
Yes hillary was so down to earth and in touch with the middle class. How much again did she make talking?
How much has T-Rump and his associates made off of Russia, and how much do the American people have to pay for his indiscretions?!
Probably not nearly as much as the Clin-toons.
Did you hurt your brain coming up with that one?!
Coming from someone with the genius of T-Rump.
Senate Republicans are blowing up democracy w/the nuclear option .. and all for Donald Trump, who should be in prison
@tedcruz @POTUS @GOP
Why should Trump be in Prison? That's very irresponsible.
Comey outlined a very clear case against HRC and she wasn't prosecuted
Yet here we are accepting it
Senator Merkley thank you for working for us.  Mitch you are just self serving. Learn from Senator Merkley. You work for us Mitch.
Harry Reid told Republican constituents that elections have consequences and basically to go to hell. I'm tired of R's always compromising
just wait for the next nominee!!!  #demslosttheelection
In 2006 #Gorsuch was praised by Democrats & was appointed without controversy.

https://gop.com/the-verdict-is-in-gorsuch-garners-high-praise/ …
/\
So, you got the same call from sleaze #ChickSchumer & even use "dark money" phrase

http://truthfeed.com/democrat-senator-who-once-said-filibustering-judges-is-tyranny-wants-to-fillibuster-gorsuch/59741/ …
/\
Some #Democrats who supported #Gorsuch in 2006 include >> #Hillary #Obama #Biden #Reid #Schumer #Wyden
/\
#NeilGorsuch >  Impeccable record, earned high praise & respect from both parties

https://gop.com/the-verdict-is-in-gorsuch-garners-high-praise/ …
I want to remind you Sen. Merkley. I appreciate what you did. I will remember it. And I will remember what the GOP has done next year.
Yawn. As if you would vote any other way than Dem/liberal anyway. 
What kind of drugs are you guys on? You know damn well Harry Reid would have done it, just like he did before
Ask Joe Biden.
Yep the Biden rule
Well, go talk to Harry Reid about that first...second, you apparently have no idea how any of this works.  How did you get elected?
stolen seat my ass, there have been vacancies in the 8th year of a presidency that never went filled.
Out of curiosity, aren't most of the wealthiest people in the USA dem supporters? Mega money huh?
Blame that fellow looking at you in the mirror every day!
2018 is coming - and #TheResistance works - we will not forget @GOP treachery.  Thank you, @SenJeffMerkley for standing w/ the People.
treachery? What treachery has taken place?
At a minimum, Treason in the White House, followed by obstruction by the House GOP.  The truth is coming and many will be found #Complicit
strange how Comey didn't press this further.. hmmm. Well you must know more than him.
As 'arguments' go, that one is either from a troll or from someone with whom reason is unlikely to work - not worth more time.
Nuclear Option is 100% McConnell's and republican's fault. Mitch defied his constitutional duty with regard to Garland. MAGA! IMPEACH MITCH!
He was appointed by a SCROTUS who is under criminal investigation by the FBI. Where is the Republican outrage?
WTF get your stories straight...He is not under CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION by anyone.
You mean like T-Rump stole/hacked/conspired with the Russians to get where he is - hopefully impeached soon,
Exactly HOW was that done? Facts only please.  Not your liberal dreams. 
URGENT! 1st House Seat #election TUES in Kansas4th In state or not #Resistance DONATE, PHONE BANK, DRIVE VOTE! 2018 is now! #EverySeatCounts
I agree with that. @tam0165
Drain the swamp
Stolen seat my ass. Dems said no president should pick SCOTUS nominee in his last year when Bush was in office. Goose meet gander
Only can blame Hillary for this.  If "narcissistic, looney tune” hadn't cheated Bennie out if nomination none of this would have happened
What goes around comes around in 2018
This is another reminder of why I have ZERO regrets moving to Portland OR from Louisville KY. You fought a great fight Jeff.
Your statement is dishonest - not surprising since you're a Leftist. If you so disapprove of our Constitution why don't you leave?
Thank you for speaking the truth.
Thank you for trying . This is s nightmare.
What about the plagiarism?
Gimme an H, gimme a Y, gimme a P, gimme an O, gimme a C, gimme a R, gimme an I, gimme a T, gimme an E! What do you get!! A Democrat!
The seat wasn't stolen, a great justice died. Words are important. Dems liked Gorsuch not 2 long ago. He wasn't an extremist then.
Unacceptable?
Yet accept it you must!
Elections have consequences.
You demonicrats have been corrupting our elections & government for decades, so don't get all high & mighty.
Stolen. 
Must be off your meds
It was ok for you when it benefitted Dems. You're a hypocrite.
Boo hoo cry widdle baby, change your diaper...you reap what you sow
Says the serial liar and hypocrite:
You need to take that up with Harry Reid.
Suck it down.
Gotta say I agree. Dems created this nuclear option in 2013. Gorsuch is qualified
Hey!! You can't do what we did!
I thought russia was corrupting our elections?
massive BS Senator.  You are embarrassing yourself.
"The filibuster, once used only on issues of personal principle, is now used regularly as an instrument of partisan politics." YOUR WORDS!
SUCH A HYPOCRITICAL LIAR.  YOU have lobbied for SCOTUS to be a SIMPLE MAJORITY for YEARS. Can you respond, Jeff? #thealtmiddle.net
why do you hate Americans?  You know that no SCOTUS seat filled in pres elect. year for over 80 years... why can't you be honest? why hate?
Thank you Harry Reid for your invention of the Nuclear Option... you  used it often against good people, now time for dems to suck it up.
thank you Senator Merkley for all your hard work, we appreciate it!
Nothing was stolen. Why are you lying? VP Joseph Biden made the case for the NEXT President to fill the seat, remember? watch the video.
Can you PLEASE explain how this seat was stolen?
But could repubs have shut the pie hole of dems by giving Garland a hearing and voting him down. That's all I heard "at least a hearing!"
You sir are insane.
and you are ABSOLUTELY right the slimy corrupt republicans freakin STOLE the seat. the republicans have no shame at all
you are amazing jeff . 15 hour speach non stop on the senate? no one can doubt yourgeniune dedication
but cept the dems have more money! Lord! Cant write this stuff!
No Senator Merkley, the Senate followed Vice President Biden's rules about nominating Supreme Court Justices in a Presidential election year
you need to@resigned now. This tweet PROVES you are incompetent
Who did he steal it from?  Uncle Joe Biden's rule said can't vote to confirm a @SCOTUS nominee less than a year before a POTUS election.
What can we do I've called written faxed emailed ( I'm in KY so feel somewhat powerless) Any Ideas
Payback for Robert Bork.  Teddy Kennedy started this feud a long time ago.
How could it be stolen when you didn't have enough votes to confirm Garland anyway? Even with nuclear option he wouldn't be confirmed.
Do you know that Joe Biden created the BIDEN RULE...if a seat is vacant during a presidential election...let the people vote on it #MAGA
Joe Biden...a Democrap...hence BIDEN RULE!!!
BIDEN RULE?
BIDEN RULE
Why was Gorsuch a UNANIMOUS vote 10 years ago for appellate judge? What nominee would Dems approve...Merrick Garland lol...BIDEN RULE!!!!
Highest possible rating from the American Bar Association.
It is  unacceptable, what is worse is this nuclear act, WRONG to  be  able to force a person like Gorsuch thro, MILLIONS don't want him.
Thank you Joe Biden & Harry Reid! You reap what you sow!
"stolen seat?"  Who, praytell, held that seat before Gorsuch?
A WAR DESERVE A NUCLEAR RESPOPNCE SHUT DOWN THE GOVERNMENT UNTIL THE INVESTIGATIONS ARE DONE! IN PROTEST AND DEMAND A JUST-JUSTAS!
Who stole a seat? It wasn't Garland's to start with. Spiteful, corrupt democrats need 2 grow up
Stop just stop. My gosh how is that rhetoric helpful?
what's unacceptable, constant murmuring by spoiled-like democrats
Bwahahahaha
Hello Senator!!!!!! Biden Rule... des it only apply to Republican Presidents???? Stop with the BS.
Who the fuck actually voted for this guy?
Stolen
Corruption
#Salty
We will re-group, flip the senate with our votes.  Get the truth on Russia, send 45 to jail, and undo the damage of these bitter white men
So delusional and yet so far to go for Democrats. So sad....actually not
Obama should never have put the senators in this position, and he knew he was putting the senators in a bad situation! Obama did the damage!
You Dems outspend Republicans every election, so what the hell are you talking about?
Dark money like George Soros? I think that's disgusting also.
DEFLECTION DETECTED
What a pile of Obama! You and your dem colleagues own this.
What is disgusting is LIBERAL justices legislating from the bench. Legislating is congresses job. Not the courts.
Only "1" scotus has been confirmed in the last year of a Pres. In the last "80" yrs. 1988 after that 1944. Common practice to wait. Sorry
Treason
I distinctly remember the Dems not allowing Bush's Scotus in his last year. He even had more time left in his presidency. Biden rule right?
DEFLECTION DETECTED
I am having conversations with other people to you nimwhit.
I know. Just calling BS. Lol, U mad because you got pissed enough to expose your prejudices?
I believe he is filling a seat where someone was murdered to open that seat.
Stolen? U guys @SenSchumer had a different thought when u followed Biden Rule & thought Hillary would win. Pathetic hypocritical partisans
When you did it it was called "filibuster reform" & was a good thing you freaking hack politician. You're a perfect example of why Trump won
Biden/Ginsberg rules
your  a hypocrite and a Assclown who I will never vote for again
All part of his long awaited theocratic kleptocracy
You actually have to possess something before it is stolen. Don't get caught up in the mud. Move forward and try to find compromise.
You have Reid to thank, that and losing badly in 4 straight elections.
If the people wanted you to make the pick, they wouldn't have voted you out of control of every branch of govt
The seat can't be stolen if it didn't belong to anyone. Although it will belong to Gorsuch tomorrow whether you like it or not.
Dark mega-money.  Sounds so ominous, like a puppet master pulling strings behind the scenes.  Almost like a George Soros type.
Exactly. Couldn't agree more
"2 liberal politicians supportive of Bill de Blasio’s Agenda, Sen Jeff Merkley ... received campaign donations directly from George Soros"
Thank your BFF @SenatorReid
Of coarse you take no money, right?
Your hyperbole and apocalyptic mutterings...this is why we have Trump and on the bright side, Gorsuch.
stolen from.......?
Justice is supposed to be blind and based on law.  That's what he's a proponent of. Your ilk scare me.
Cry more, cuck! 
Hahahaha go home loser. Treat your mental illness. Jeffy
Funny how times change.  You were ok with it when harry Reid did it
Politicians...: nature's D students.
Is that dark money what made Hillary n Bernie disenfranchise all the Democrat primary voters?
technically death stole the seat. What has just happened was done constitutionally appropriate. Grow up!
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @POTUS What about @POTUS44 /Russia ties? "I'll have more flexibility after election"
Russia. Obama, Clinton, DINOS, RINOS control DINO Filibuster against @realDonaldTrump @POTUS & the People http://www.ourperfectunion.net/russia-controls-western-liberal-media.htm … 
Stolen?????  The people of the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA have voted for this seat to be filled by someone WE want.  #MAGA

Him and Ryan need to go

Thank you for your leadership RT @SenatorReid Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
Filibuster reform. It had to be done.
"Elections have consequences." - Obama 2008

Had your candidate won, SHE would have picked the next SCOTUS, not Trump.
For one Senators, there wasn't an autopsy so we still have not ruled out any of you guys making Scalia go away.
Muh Garland!
Dude, he was appointed to 10th circuit in 2006, unanimously.  Knock off the bull crap.
Reid (Nuclear) Option is only okay when the Dems do it? Go peddle your malarkey somewhere else. Your faux outrage is so transparent!
Didn't see you crying this much when Harry Reid set the precedent @SenateMajLdr I can't wait for the RGB replacement
Your party and its backers spent 1.5 billion to try to elect POTUS.

just following Chuckie's advice concerning filling vacancy during last yr of Pres term
Oooh the dark mega money.  #Scary #CountFloyd Thanks Harry Reid!
You reap what you sow you liberal hack
"dark mega money" Are u referring to George Soros & Company?
Schumer and his cronies voted against Roberts who saved ACA. Face it. It's political. If Ginsburg were DJT choice today they'd reject.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!
Imagine,Ginsberg or Kennedy retires or dies Ted Cruz nominated by Trump, Dems whining helplessly from the sidelines knowing lib court gone
"Bridges, not walls"  Because you can burn your bridges?
Hatch is right, Democrats are stupid.
Funny, Gorsuch was completely acceptable to Dems in 2006.  What changed?
#BatshitCrazy
OH so sorry Democrat Harry Reid changed the rules!! Only is right when it fits the DEMS agenda!  Too bad! MAGA!
In all fairness death actually stole the seat from Justice Scalia.
I think you missed a cliche or two there, Senator Sparky. But good twaddle/character ratio nonetheless.
Thanks for all your hard work on this Senator. Rs will regret this move when Ds back in power.
Do you have something wrong with you?
If your worried about mega-money one only had to look at Hillary difference is she lost!!!
"Dark mega-money that is corrupting our elections". Sounds like George Soros to me.
The only thing corrupting our election's are Democrat's. From #hillaryforprison cheating to Obama spying to MSM collusion. Your all crooks.
Jackass!
You mad bro? 
corrupting our elections?  Coming from a corrupt politician aka dirtbag, is priceless! @SenateMajLdr
Americans r sick of ur divide & permanent victim/oppressor politics. Dem party should go to its new home. It's where dodo bird is on display
What makes you think Judge Garland would have been confirmed? Biden seemed to think waiting during an election year was a good idea.
OBAMA demanded Bush leave a vacant scotus seat for HIM TO FILL as the then next pres. DEMS set a precedent, NOW you don't like it?
Your tweet only proves how out of touch you really are...
Amen  #MAGA
Stolen seat...LOL!  Still at it with the Alt-left talking points.  What will you do in the private sector?  Paid Protestor or Lobbyist?
Alinsky style distraction:  
.@TheDemocrats is the party of Wall Street while Trump is supported by us ordinary people. .@SenSchumer
the voters spoke
Nothing was stolen.  Do you Dems ever do anything except complain and whine?
No they don't
you mean like the money democrats stole from social security to fund the profitable refugee processing scam?
Again mis-truth by you. List votes for all current SCOTUS! @SenateMajLdr  @SenateGOP we must speak the truth! @GOP 2003 Dems rewrote!
#bidenrule #electionshaveconsequences #seatwassavedforthepeople #reademandweep #shoveyourpartisanship #gotnouseforyou #hateit #whatever
Tough , Senator.
What rule was broken that the seat was stolen? You can't answer. You are suffering from Liberal Derangement Syndrome.
Stolen? Maybe a good cry is what you need.
