Is this what Hilary and Podesta had over him? He is a big boy and this didn't just happen yesterday, right?
I have never heard of the Daily Caller before in my life, and no other News network I know (not even Fox) is reporting this.
"Founded in 2010 by Tucker Carlson, and Neil Patel, former chief policy advisor to Vice President Cheney"
But they are a WH approved press & good history of reporting accuracy. Fox News and #MSM are sponsored media. You have to strive for more
The WH under Trump has little to no credibility in that regard, considering all the fake news that has come out of there.
And your point?!
The point is that WH approved means nothing nowadays
Here is another one!
DNC gives money to non-Dem, when. They better not. Bernie is great & if he wants my vote, he can register as a Dem & become a woman.
How is gender a key factor in your vote? Shouldn't most qualified be a bit more important
Hillary was the right & most qualified candidate, so that seems to be a moot point. It was hyperbole.
She's probably the only candidate in the world who could lose to trump. That means she wasn't qualified to run against him if u want to win
Ha, you jest. She didn't lose to t-rump. Collusion, vote tampering, Russian interference robbed her of her win. Soon, you'll see.
You are delusional.
Get familiar, son.
Who should be President right now?
#FuckBernie
Quick question: If the US economy is tied to petrol dollar in Middle East, & world buys US Bonds to buy oil. What happens when we go green?
I'd imagine the Middle East would lose a lot of power and value, and would lead to nations being more independent
And it will not pass your just setting up media for the next election it's very transparent
Should he just sit on his hands and do nothing?
It is a remarkable selfless person that plants trees that will not benefit from their shade.
Sounds good in theory, but we need an actual plan to reach that point! Without one, this is just a deadline for an energy crisis.
I'm still waiting for this guy to age a little more. It'll be nice when he can no longer leave the house.
It's a shame he isn't in the White House. The US would be a developed country, not a third world kleptocracy as it is right now.
Yeah it's a real shame the US isn't a socialist nightmare. You should really educate yourself on politics this is getting embarrassing for u
Hey don't be greedy! Wait till the bill is passed then be greedy. We need a safety net before we can jump.
THANK YOU! 
all while throwing women's rights under the bus.
Are smokestacks from the beginning of the industrial revolution we can clean 95% of the sulfur out of coal after burning before release
What are we supposed to use for energy until we build this new infrastructure in 2050 fairy dust
That would be 33 years of fairy dust I don't know if we have that much fairy dust Senator Sanders
So now you're blaming President Trump for lack of fairy dust to drive are machinery in cars
Bernie fairy dust Sanders
You must be talking to nursery school children
Or college children same thing
Taking Lobbyist again I see!  Promoting the Fake Science of Climate Change is wrong!  But Liberals always lie.
hurry Bernie, I will vote for you
For god's sakes yes please we need some good news!
Please stop our world from dying!
It needs to be done quicker than 2050 if we want to save our planet from further damage.
@SenJeffMerkle
Time for the truth
What does Congress know that the American people don't?
Are we doomed?
Any chance of survival?
Thank you for caring Bernie, you'll be loved and remembered for generations to come!
Great! Now change that to 1975 and we might still be around by 2050.
What's your vision on #Climatechange in Africa ?
YOU WILL BE GONE!
Perhaps they won't see 2050. Right now Trump is eliminating regulations on climate change. Dark ages soon.
Bernie, 2050 is too late. Need to shorten the timeline.
Appreciate and love the idea, but Elon Musk is talking about making incredible things happen never heard of in 10 years... why wait till 50?
It's not fast enough for such a polluting country. Shoulda spoken to @DrJillStein.
Might be too late by 2050 and truly will countries like China do the same? I doubt it.
Yawn... We have better things to spend our limited resources on.
Fools.   What happens on a calm cloudy day?
And will raise the price of electricity by 1000% #Stupid
This should be about as successful as the rest of Bernie's legislative initiatives.
2050 bruh? Still got them oil stocks huh?
This can happen, must happen, will happen. It's the only way to save human civilization
So who is benefiting from this and how are you personally benefiting from them!

Key word :  Entropy.  Total scam :  climate change.  Crony capitalism at it again.
What do you think about the Saudi's buying the biggest oil refinery in America
TY Senator Sanders!  Don't forget #reforestation to sequester #CO2 >400 ppm. We must reduce our flesh eating.
scientist say we only have 10 years Bernie

BERNIE THERE IS NOTHING MORE IMPORTANT THAN THE CLIMATE ,BUT NOTHING IS MORE IMPORTANT  AS "WATER" OUR CLEAN WATER IS BEING DESTROYED DAILY!
Mercy
Thank you and @SenJeffMerkley for fighting so hard for sustainable energy for future generations.
You're gonna go in the book of legends JS you're the man!! I support this with my everything
2050 ? Come on! speed it up a bit old boys! Be ambitious try for 2030 or something where a couple generations can benefit sooner
Thank you for supporting renewable energy!
This is cute Bernie...ever heard of Physics?
Thank you senators! #neverquit
A 21st century solution to a 21st century problem. Thank you! Now find rational Republicans to pass it.
But Solar exists NOW and those with means need to #ShowUsYourSolar ESPECIALLY our elected leaders who should #LeadByExample
Thank 
You!
The ONLY Climate Emergency we have is that to many people are believing the lies and Fake Climate Change models!
had Congress kept its word then we would not have a problem now.  Still I hope it works.
This is the kind of forward thinking we need.  Thank you!!
I hope you are successful, but I heard similar energy independence talk in the 70's during the oil embargo.
Thank you Senator Sanders
Great news! What more can we do to help?
Good Luck Mr Sanders,... I hope WE BOTH live to see the Day of 75%
Thats great! But of all the pics of @LeoDiCaprio why choose one of him playing an Oligarch? It kinda threw me a bit.
lol
The people hurt most by 100% renewables would be the poor. Energy would be so expensive, middle class couldn't afford it.
Never trust the sanders...
Very proud of my @SenJeffMerkley!  A great team right there with @SenSanders!
And it will fail, just like you failed, because you ran as a corrupt Dem, instead of being true to your independent convictions.
Fingers crossed! #SaveEARTH
propaganda
This would definitely make America great
Thank you Bernie!
Thank you dear senators! Thank you! Two bright solar-powered lights trying to light the dim ultrabillianaire hypocracy regime
Yeah well, too bad the party you are trying to build has zero real interest in it, beyond playing politics come election time.
So you're going to outlaw cars for the average citizen, but exempt politicians kind of like north korea does
2050 Really ! Will there be anything left to SAVE | #Urgent #CallToAction SAVE  #PlanetEarth
Baloney. Politicians get rich by screwing up the system.  Sell your cars and walk or bike. Cancel electric cable DSL fuel oil natural gas
..
Or, we could #GoVegan and do something major that will actually make a fucking difference. #vegan
And wouldn't destroy more land
2035 is really what's needed ,but a good start .
What about India and China whose responsible for 90% of world pollution?
Why 33 years? Might as well forget it.
Use our National Will to Put Everyone to work, building something that HELPS US, not a Hate Wall Dividing US!
Please try to do it sooner!!! I'm scared for our planet and my future. I'm only fourteen and I'm feeling stressed bc of our POTUS choices
Is this another Wishful project thst the middle class and the poor re going to have to pay for well you got yourself another pay raise?
Bernie, where will you be in 2050? Probably next to Fidel Castro.
This would TRULY MAKE AMERICA GREAT! WE can be the change WE want to see in the WORLD! #innovation #renewableenergy #science #climatechange
Another realistic and carefully thought out plan from Senator Sanders.
Who created the climate emergency? Just the US causing this?  What's the sample size? Earths been around millions of years .....you got 100?
RUN BERNIE Run
That's so far away ... it's hard to hold anyone accountable over a 30 year promise ... we need this now
The #Grid is an Achilles waiting to happen! Imagine a home w/free standing #Solar #Wind I raised my kids that way! Storms came Power 
Bernie  is crazy Bernie is crazy Bernie is crazy
How about new house R required 2 B built w/#SolarPanels?? #ClimateChange
emergency? 35 years? lol bernie you so funny.
I don't mean to be that guy but how do you plan on getting the votes with a GO"P majority
Maybe de Capricorn can give you a trip onjis yacht or jet plane
Even though the science is still inconclusive about "climate change", and all of @algore predictions have been wrong.
Yes! Let's suggest a bill that has no chance 2 get any traction, so Bernie can look good in the press. If you care abt #climate, fight trump
Every decade that "by" date keeps getting pushed back....it's absurd. Fight instead for more homeowner incentives to go solar.
This among many other directives, is why I support @SenSanders.
I love "Up All Night" @SenJeffMerkley!!!
So you other democratic's sanders can profit thousands in your pocket you're the 1 %  we don't like
That's nice - but will we be able to afford a home with increase great society and decreased jobs and increased taxes
Lobbyists aren't going to let that happen :(
Hypocrite Bernie owns 4 houses & has a carbon footprint bigger than 98% of the global population. Stealing our money for his gain. #MAGA
Said the idiot that think college should be free.
Your are truly amazing!!
The only emergency is getting therapy for science-challenged alarmists
And never mind if that moves the unemployment rate to 50%.
How much will it cost to taxpayers? What else is in the bill? Sounds good in theory would love to see the meat of this before I support!!!
Disaster is imminent and >300 ppl die every hour b/c fossil fuels – more than have died TOTAL b/c nuclear power, and yet… No  nuclear?
33 years Bernie ? Really ? Will humans be yet alive by then ?  Other countries are switching to clean e . Right now
Wasting too much of time on climate change, country needs jobs, infrastructure, healthcare-cooperate with President please!
Too bad neither @SenJeffMerkley, nor any of the other presumably #Liberal #Democrat senators have integrity 2 support UR #Medicare4All bill.
2050 is too slow. That's 33 years!!  Imagine the damage three decades of fossil fuels can do.
Why aren'tyou president?  Damn!
See, now this is how we get things done
Hope your out by than
You still think you have time on your hands to undo the #trumpchumpsdamage you helped unleash on the US & ROW #noconfidence #cdnpoli #uspoli
https://understandsolar.com/1-billion-solar-plant-power-80000-california-homes/ …
Yes!
You should live so long!
2050. I have to Laugh. Its already possible and the Warren Buffet in the Oil industry is shutting it down. Concept can be in place by 2020.
Does this bill include nuclear power? While not technically renewable, it is emissions free and would complement solar+wind+hydro.
It has to be faster..
Never will happen with a bloated military budget. Solar powered drones & missiles?
did you write it or Jeff? I bet Jeff. You measure your success off others bills, you don't make them
Thank you!!! Finally some one is looking at our future and not our current pockets... your amazing Sanders 
WE put a man on the Moon in 10 less than ten years. We can build a  renewable power grid and put people to work in the same time window.
I would be interested in the CBO dynamic score for this one.  How much does it add to the unemployment rate?  8 points, 9, 12?
Trumpettes believe; sun orbits earth, which is flat, Man will never fly, never walk on the moon and Donny cares about us working poor.
Shut up
33 years let's do it faster.
@WeActRadio @SenJeffMerkley   Support Ca SB 71 Calif go 100% Solar.
But there is no "emergency." R u getting kickbacks from the solar and wind energy companies?
you went to Russia before the 2016 election did you collude with them why you were there was it to try to mess with our election
Why does it seem like Bernie putting in more work than our president?
Honestly, bless you. Thank you so much for fighting for this. Thank you thank you.
.Introduce is a chasm away from passing, much less President signing.....DOA
I'd rather the goal date be 2025.
Lots of luck. Now it's an emergency? Crying Wolfe again & again. China is the Worlds worst polluter but got a delay under Obama Adm.
Better than nothing. But we could move to 2020 instead!! Elon musk is doing something. We just gotta move faster
Obay if just can get all congressional democrats to blow out at same time. Hot air and wind

Didn't Obama invest billions of tax payer $$$ in solar and went nowhere.  I don't see solar panels on the Whitehouse
So, to answer a fabulated "emergency", the future will be powered by wishful thinking and willful ignorance of both physics and economics?
Bernie will be looking up at the roots of plants.
Way to go! 2050 is not that far away!
Thank you!
...while Trump is stopping healthy school lunches and education for girls in 3rd world countries (which I think we're headed to be). 
THIS IS WHY WE LOVE YOU BERNIE
Such a shame we have to wait four years for this bill to pass 
Is it possible? I mean this are all alternative facts
no use if commie china still pollutes. Need heavy taxes on commie china imports to pay for clean energy grants.
I'll call on my representatives and senators to support you as long as you don't include wind turbines in that bill.
Ha ha hahahahahahahahahaha  Bernie Bernie you're not fooling us taxpayers only your ignorant followers.
And in the 30 plus years in-between, ....What's the plan?
What are they going to do about crappy drinking water in cities?
Too bad trump and his republicunts will start ww3 before then and cause a nuclear holocaust.
It needs 2 b a lot sooner than 2050 - 2020 may nt b possbl but 2030 seems like it shld b doable - thats 13 yrs frm now.
Why 2050? Make it 2030. Push for it to happen within this generation.
Brilliant- bankrupt citizens
we already have aolt. energy zero point magnatism but the elites won't let us have it it would upset the petro oil bizniz
100%. Who are you trying to fool. And what emergency. If anything, this climate change is slow. My high tide still goes as high as 15 ys ago
FAIL. PROVE IT OUT IN YOUR STATES.
Thank you Bernie!
2050? Too Late
Thank U So Much#mentalhealthmatters #MHM #SayWord
@SenSanders  we need it now before idiots start drilling in our parks @realALTNPS
2050 is to late
we need 100% Change in 2035
YES! But don't wait for government & business to solve this, tweeple. Do YOUR individual part! It'll cost you, but it's WELL WORTH IT!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @mike_pence Fake news though, right?
