To get to the truth, we need a fully empowered, totally independent special prosecutor.
I'd prefer investigation of Obama's ties to Russia. Mighty  convenient that he set it all up to catch these fake "crimes."
hey Jeffie --- Trey Goudy is next inline for AG-----are you sure you libtards wanna go there --Too funny !!!
I would rather be a "libtard" than a treasonous piece of shit LIAR
And your response is one of a juvenile.
and yours is typical.
It should be when an adult deals with a mentally juvenile child.
well, a juvenile and a child are basically the same thing. You really sound ignorant now
Awe, would a comma help you to understand little miss mentally unstable?!
yeah that's me, and I'm a gun owner too,,,, here have some commas
No, he didn't. I've read what was asked, and Sessions' reply. You're disgusting, spreading puke like this!
You are misleading people with this statement and you know it; you should resign
right on!
Totally agree, Sir. One less domino to topple on this regime. Hang tough, we got your back!
Are you really serving the people well by putting your time and our money here? Get with the program and be productive!!!
you misrepresent and mislead.
Wrong.  He should be locked up.  Period
time for everybody to resign anybody that has ever talk to a Russian well I guess that's me too
Jeff Sessions did nothing wrong or out of  ordinary. Schumer, McCaskill, Pelosi met w/Russians too. You are all hypocrites!!
@smitty1844 think the word is perjury.
Thank you,Senator Merkley, for taking this stand.  Hopefully more Congressional members will follow.
Hi Jeff Merkley, Your constituents appreciate you!!    #DemForce
only the blue ones the rest of us get nothing from this man - we have no senator to speak for us
You have Walden, though.  He runs away from us, lol.
you may have a point and I do value my @repgregwalden as much as u  obv value @SenJeffMerkley who refused to take my call today
watched the hearing and you are spreading false narratives. Scary thing is you are a Senator. Blatant disregard for facts.
As @SenJeffMerkley Lies to his state citizens about duly elected Republican Government representatives. We see his lies
#Schumer Has selective memory. Must be dementia
Another fabrication....fake.... You know when he gets in you and your ilk are toast!
when who gets in?
Sessions....
He was confirmed a couple of weeks ago
You should resign for lying. You met with Russian ambassador too right?
#RESIGN
Senator, we need 45's TAXES!! Impeach now!!
And WE Call for Merkley to Resign. Yes I am an Oregonian.
Hey Merkley.
Explain this...
Russian Ambassador Kislyak Attended Trump Congressional Speech Tuesday – Sat With Democrats..
He should be in jail.
He should resign. As pointed out his omission and behavior could be grounds for disbarment. Public trust lost.
Thanks for standing up for the truth and the law. I'm glad I voted for you. <3
We agree. That's why we created a #FireSessions petition: https://goo.gl/xKdR7o  and a video: https://goo.gl/j6BKbN 
YES he should and MUST, particularly as he is in a position to direct FBI on what they will, will not share. #firesessions
independent investigation NOW.
communist hypocrites..where were you when mass murderer killary klinton lied 30 times under oath?
What about Killary lying under oath to congress 30 times, her treason selling our uranium to RUSSIA???
what about B.Clinton meeting secretly with LYNCH ordering her to not charge Killary….?
I demand investigation into Killary selling OUR US nuclear uranium to…..RUSSIA  !!
Thank you!! Sessions would be calling for any Dem resignation by now.
Yes.  Sessions must be held accountable for lying to Congress under oath. NAIL HIM!
no he didn't.. but you would sure like everyone to believe that he did..
we need an attorney general that will stand up for Americans and not try to take our rights away.
Jeff Sessions is a embarrassment to the country he must resign for the good of the country.
He should be prosecuted.
Thank you from Polk County!
resign hell! He must go to prison.  He lied and committed treason against America! I'm sick of this!
You never asked for Holder to resign after he was found in contempt of congress. Or Lynch after meeting with Bill Clinton.
thank you for representing me and standing for what's right.
Thank you from Beaverton
A full and impartial investigation is crucial here.
thank you, Senator. Sessions has lost all credibility and therefore cannot perform the job of AG effectively.
. @SenJeffMerkley Yes! Thank you, Senator.
You and all of your LibTard friends need to be Removed from having any authority over anyone in America. 
You are Clowns !
Ready 2 Demand #independentcommission NOW into Russian Call 202-225-3031 or 202-224-2541 #russiagate #TheResistance RT
hey Jeffie -just like you to brown nose Chucky n Patty to help disrupt any republican progress. (ps wipe yer nose) looks bad
@now_justice No Senator. He lied.
Jeffie - misleading "question"-he was asked if he had contact with Russians over the Trump elections not as senator with ASC
@MoveOn he should go to federal prison
have you ever meet Russian government officials during the course of your duties?  We need to know if you are compromised
More Fake News Go after Hilary
They did for months and found nothing.  HRC is no longer in government.  Boring try...
.@SenJeffMerkley No sir, he did not; nice try.
@MoveOn wow kind of drastic for having no proof, you all need to calm down
@MoveOn LIED. Call it HOW IT IS
I heard that if you're a Senator you can meet anybody you like under any circumstances. Sessions was a Senator.
Meeting with them isnt the issue here.  LYING about it is.  Keep up here sparky.
Or at least recuse himself. The ship is sinking; comparisons with Watergate seem more appropriate every day.
it's very simple. Innocent people do not lie, fabricate, and willfully mislead if they are INNOCENT. Lie under oath=GJury.
he needs to go to jail for perjury
He lied under oath.
no he did not.
and lock him up
He wont, I'd settle for him recusing himself and a full investigation of Russia's involvement in the election. That's a win.
Can he be tried for perjury then sent to GITMO and he can be Trumps first waterboarding person
yes
Thank you. #Sessions should resign, a criminal investigation pursued. @RonWyden, please call for the AG's resignation now!
bs
Thank you, @SenJeffMerkley, for calling on #Sessions to resign. Anything less than resignation is unacceptable.
I'm sure partisan politics has absolutely nothing to do with this. Lol
by misled, don't you mean 'lied'?  Lying seems to be an Olympic sport at the WH
#RussiaOverUSA @gop 
@SenJeffMerkley
this is despicable and you know it. How do you sleep at night? Shame on you for your unbecoming conduct.
