Does anyone know if the 4 to attend hearing next week have been vetted through OGE? Any one know who over have completed the process?
I need to look good point. Only 8 of 21 have even turned in a simple copy of tax returns. Though srsly..
..cant we automate transfer of tax rtrns for them inc peotus from irs to committee? Voters demand REVIEW.
I thing subpoenas would be the only other way and well, love you long time issues there. I don't get this. Vetting would be good.
Over under, I am FL time, not sure of your time. I'm reading some papers and am going to have questions. Digging is not easy without help
@PascoDems @nytimes no background no confirmation
-- YES. Thank you for co-sponsoring Presidential Conflicts of Interest Act of 2017 w @SenWarren + othrs!
should follow McConnel's own rules. Hold him to it Jeff.
Pls make sure Sen McConnell follows the same standards he demanded in 2009.
Sen. McConnell sent Sen. Reid a letter on nominations in 2009. We updated the dates and names and sent it back. 
This MUST be stopped! Even a new hire cashier must have background checks. #RESIST
Please ASSURE Oregonians Yoiu Will Stand with @SenateDems on NO Ethics Vetting=NO CONFIRMATION. TY
As an Oregonian, I implore you to make sure there are ethics vettings before confirmations!! Thank you!
please fight for us! No hearings, no votes without Ethics' review #nodisclosurenoconfirmation
thank you Senator for fighting for us and opposing hearings without proper disclosure and bg investigations!
Please do your job Senator Merkley and hold your colleagues accountable for doing the right thing.
Agreed.  Hold his feet to the fire!
BTW ... are we OK with Bannon nowadays ? @RepPeterDeFazio Maybe Mercer's people pulling strings in DC is best for Funds 
Wrong wrong wrong!! Please investigate these ppl as per @SenateMajLdr requirements for previous cabinets.
Why are they not getting background checks? Trump admin. blatantly corrupt already.
We Oregonians are looking for you to help block confirmation hearings until we see financial disclosures.
they set a single drug cost as an industry. Medicare negotiated a 15% discount in a industry w/1,000 % mark up? Then they,,
Citizens, visit Wikipedia- Medicare Modernization Act, under History.  Our congress allowed drug co's to set drug costs ...
What nerve Senator. Who's interest were U protecting when congress gave drug co's a monopoly against Medicare?  Corrupt!
Please delay and make sure you have everything. As the person below me showed you McConnell would not let this happen in 09.
What joke you are, and you support liar, killer and traitor Clinton, like Oregon likes you anymore.
Not true. @SenJeffMerkley is doing right by ALL Oregonians, even those in the minority like you.
Until PROVEN otherwise, based on all their stances/lies from #Trump &THE NOMINEES, I don't trust one single word they say.
PLEASE vote AGAINST Sessions as AG. His track record on LGBT & Civil Rights disqualifies him @Oregonian @basicrights #oregon
.@SenJeffMerkley please insist on vetting before hearings!
You are correct ... So what are you doing or trying to do about it?
@realDonaldTrump Cabinet picks file ethic docs, No approvals till Ethics cleared #ethicsmatter
Outrageous and against our system.
NO HEARINGS UNTIL @OfficeGovEthics  background and disclosures compete refer to @SenateMajLdr  letter 2009
You mean like Hillary?
yes! Thank you Senator Merkley.
They are despicable. No concerns about following democratic norms.
Says the millionaire politician.
TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  Watching your vote!
have the nerve to say that Medicare is unsustainable. Disloyal rats!  Americans demand "term limits".
, I hope considerations include living in this century, basic task specific competence, and a feeling for what America is.
I suspect they are - certainly Trump and his family are acting in their own financial interests i
didn't seem to bother you the Hillary Clinton was...shut-up and go home.
This is unconscionable! WTH has happened to our government? Why are a handful of amoral greedy jerks allowed to do this?
@JerseyStrong11 @nytimes Please recruit loyal Repub Senators 2vote 2require candidate disclosure&Trump tax release4 hearings
do these hearings need a quorum? Could Dems boycott and shut them down?
Am hoping for a fight here. Like the electors didn't give us on 12/19, and Congress didn't on 1/6.
OR voters want a close review of all trump appointees. #EthicsReview
Maybe as much as I dislike us stooping to Republican politics, is stage a sit in
 I will Chip I'm to your fine
Tough shit, Senator John Cornyn
Ridiculous to think that they might hold the same standard to the PEOTUS too! These people are above the law.
@JoyPoos @nytimes yes. @SenateMajLdr WE, THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DEMAND REAL CONFIRMATION HEARINGS. NOT YOUR KABUKI THEATER BS.
@summerbrennan why, if that standard is not applied to the president?
@WomenG4Hillary --AMEN
Indeed, we do!  Hold this congress & admin to the same standards Mr. McConnell demanded in 2009  #stophypocrisy No hearings w/o full vetting
Yes, we absolutely do! Please don't let them get away with this!  The GOP's disdain for ethics is unAmerican.
Code talk because you feel left out. Too bad! Sucks to have things turned around doesn't it!?
Even Uber drivers must pass background checks. #MinimumRequirements
Ya, just like Hillary was so transparent and never tried to hide anything.....don't remember you saying this about her.
KKK to head DOJ,
@summerbrennan @nytimes @GOP @SpeakerRyan always acting on their own financial interests instead of public interest.
#resist 24/7
Make it so. @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell
thank you senator, keep speaking for us. Voters will NOT forget. w/ IC report we need  PEOTUS taxes & divestiture.
And #Americans are supposed 2B concerned abt Russia when we tolerate voter suppression, unqualified Electors, uncounted/provisional ballots?
First the background checks, then the confirmation hearings please - not the other way around.
I wonder if "fake" financial papers are being developed while this delay is occurring.
A year ago, I'd have thought you paranoid. Now, not so much.  I hope @SenJeffMerkley and others with ethics stay strong.
this seems relevant:
Mitch McConnell to Reid in 2009: nominee "financial disclosures must be complete... prior 2hearing being scheduled." 
Very relevant! Ask why they're playing by different rules now.
they're clearing trying to hide something.  Delay, delay, delay until they can be full vetted!!  What can we do, senator?
no completed background checks NO HEARINGS!! This is not a game!!!
