Two tweets. Two Hurricanes. Two different messages for the people of the United States by the president. 
His perception of what color skin the people in each place has. Why do we allow such a racist bigot to be our president?
If you don’t know, please don’t admit to it. Better to stay quiet and be thought a fool... oh never mind #termlimits
Nothing better to do evidently #termlimits
Lol I didn’t mean you! I meant the trolling senator.  If he so concerned I hope he is tweeting from San Juan with sleeves rolled up
Have a great day
Racism & no votes to be had. Not to mention Trump's pissed at San Juan mayor.
Cuz Houston's full of white people?

My lord you people are sad.
insanity
racism, pure and simple
The difference is as plain as brown and white.
Let’s ask @ScottAdamsSays.
One disaster came first. Easy.
The master Trump admits defeat when the going gets tough
Someone really should take his twitter away...oh wait then his voters would NEVER see the real pompous ass he is
PR should vote it’s way out of the USA! That would show them! Bahahaha!
there r enough @GOP folks turning on him -time 2 bring both sides to table  & get rid of him-need action
Remember Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands was hit by TWO hurricanes. Irma and Maria
He's too busy distracting himself from his duties by stirring the pot. And distracting all of us while he damages our Unity &World Standing.
The difference is the ethnicity of the residents. Sad racism striking again.
An a-hole of a president, that’s what
One has local leadership and outside help, the other not so much... duh murky
Racism! It's not dementia or alzheimers as ppl will want everyone to buy in to. That would just give him an easy out and I say let him hang
White base and the other looks/speaks like brown wall. Truly disgusting discriminatory practices. Wonder if PR has cause of action in court?
There's nothing liberal about Liberals...Does that mean everything is a lie? 
Can't wait for you to resign....
It’s 1 thing to keep troops on mainland, it’s entirely diff keeping them on a ship at an island forever.  Maybe take a tour of a naval base
#PuertoRicoCrisis #USVirginIslands #PuertoRicoRelief
Brown people who can’t vote. trump could care less. PR must have pissed him off in the past.
Is it because the mayor of San Juan called him out?  Surely not!
This should explain everything.
Stop tweeting and get back to work.
The truth?
maybe you're just cherry picking tweets to cause division? !?!
Ha! You obviously haven’t looked at his tweets, or.....
Yeah, because there are no Hispanics in Houston.

What's sad is all the white-hating racist Democrats who think you have a point.
Texas home to oil industry and some of his base; Puerto Rico, even though they are Americans, they can't vote: that needs to change BIGLY
Fake "We are with you" of course. It doesn't help and he doesn't want to help. He only takes, like profit from #Trump hats. #ImpeachTrump
The people of PR will now have to step up,  move on and get busy with the supplies being delivered. We know you DEMS prefer a welfare state.
please tell me when is someone going to do something about the so- called president?
Because one is brown and one is not
He’s an Idiot.
Puerto Rico has POC.
Hmmm??  Let me think? Oh Wait, is it that our President @realDonaldTrump is a xenophobic, bigot?!? 

Maybe the fact that he is a racist son of a bitch!
With all do respect Senator, we don't need commentary, we need you to stand up for Americans!!  #25thAmmendmentNow
He said that to TEXAS & FLORIDA, 2 official states. PR is a commonwealth territory of US on the verge of bankruptcy.
Trump is a vindictive racist white supremacist. Period.#ImpeachTrumpNow
The simple explanation is the best explanation. Our POTUS is a racist.
Racism naturally, and embarrassment for his failed golf course and leaving them with millions in debt.  It's always about him.
He hasn't even said anything about the fires here in Northern California. No votes here for him I guess.
@JesseRodriguez Ps the FBI is looking into aid being withheld by local authorities illegally.
@JesseRodriguez The second tweet was for Congress to get aid packaged passed. 2nd PR is not a state and has financial issues

Are islands generally surrounded by big water? I assume there are exceptions.
He is a pig! He has to go....ALL Americans are at risk!
Geeze one tweet made on Sept 2 the other now? Didn’t say he was going to stay forever in Texas forever. Didn’t say we’re not rebuilding PR?
@JesseRodriguez skin color and electoral votes
...and yet, Mr Merkley, you're still not talking impeachment. 

Until that happens, your disdain appears to be weak, at best.
The articles do.  The need doesn't.
I haven't heard him say it once on the various news he's shown up on.
Do you really have to ask?? Like 69 republicans, Trump doesn’t give a  about Americans...especially people of color.
He's a racist, simple as.
Insanity

I think I know ...is it the color of their skin?
TX & FL voted for Trump. PR didn’t.
Hmmmm. I will take Racism for $100, Alex.
Racism. It is shameful. Impeach or 25th Amendment. #ITMFA
Melanin aversion.
the president should not tweet anything.
Hypocrite.
Impeach @POTUS!
We all know why the different reactions to the hurricanes.  We have to say it!
#25thAmendmentNow
(in the voice of Church Lady) Could it be..... ..... ..... RACISM???!!!
Hm I wonder.
Oh oh I know this one, is it racism? I bet it's because of race
Personal debt/no votes in PR
P R didn’t have fast food and junk food on the island to feed him.
I See Brown People... says the president
It’s called racism.
OOh! OOh!  I know! ........ Brown people.
Uh, racism? Just a guess.
Thank you for calling him out!
Ah.... I'll take "Trump is racist and pig-ignorant jerk" for $400 Alex.
Gee. I just can’t imagine why so different.
#BecauseTrumpIsRacist
He’s complaining because PR is composed of mostly brown Americans. Just a thought
We have a President & Congress that only care about money.
Democrats, the most divisive group in the world. See proof above.
@realDonaldTrump That Donny is FAKE President & Scumbag such a disgraced human being I've ever known in human history!
We all know what the difference is.

https://www.vox.com/science-and-health/2017/10/11/16424356/puerto-rico-official-hurricane-maria-death-toll …
The value of the land in PR to developers like him, and his buddies, as a tropical paradise golf resort and more.
Texans wear big white Stetsons, have a hardy handshakes and plenty of cash.  Ricans or ‘spics’ are swarthy, carry knives and on welfare.
Can Oregon and California universities offer Puerto Rico's hurricane survivors in-state tuition for 1-4 years?
They are not white. That’s the bottom line with Trump and his supporters.
Brown people
Hurricane Irma was category 5. What did Saint Martin's federal gov do differently than ours?
[#TousEngagés]  Survol par drone de l'île de #SaintMartin après l'#OuraganIRMA. Sur place, déjà plus de 1 350 agents de l'Etat mobilisés. 
Lack of electoral votes in PR.  Should be the 51st state with full representation.
It’s easy, he doesn’t like brown people!
May I hazard a couple of guesses? One voted for Trump, the other can’t vote. One Mayor had the audacity to hold Trump accountable did not
Island Saint-Martin was forced to suffer far less after the storm. What did their fed gov do differently?
Vers la reconstruction. 
Names like Rodriguez.  Mayors like Carmen Yulín Cruz Soto who had the gall to stand up to President Moron to try to help her people.
Clearly trump has displayed over & over that he is racist.
Afluenza?
a depth of #racist loathing never expressed from @WhiteHouse would be a start!
@KatrinaNation Then consider a cynical thought - depress prices so he & his buddies can land grab w govt picking up the fix.
Jeez don't know what could 'color' his opinions
@KatrinaNation Unfortunately, answer is simple. PR voted for Rubio, can’t vote in generals. Plus he lost golf course.
Skin color?
ISIS is in PR? 
We need to build a partnership with the Russians to ease tensions in the Caribbean?

It couldn't be skin color, but golly...
Racism.
Unconscionable. #Hurricane #DisasterRecovery for #AllAmericans! @realDonaldTrump what were you thinking? That #PuertoRicans aren’t American?
Color chart??! Generally  used to determine if someone is a terrorist evidently used by Trump and @GOP to decide if people are worthy of living
Trump hates Cali gov. Hence, no help with death and fires! Trump is such a piece of shit!
I can. Electoral votes. That's all he cares about.
Racism.
Great comparison photo.

Curious to know how you would explain the disparity?  Different geography but all US citizens.
Read the entire thread.


Show the complete twitter thread. You cherry pick the last of three tweets and insinuate racism.
Stop your divisive rhetoric.
#despicable @realDonaldTrump and his bigotry? #nailedit
Hmmmm... vs.  would be my guess.
Racism
Sept 28th tweet @POTUS was very supportive of #PuertoRico
We the people HATE Jeff All he does is obstruct progress & fear monger. A disgrace to the Senate 
#RECALL
Trump is not giving the help they deserve because his base doesn't understand Puerto Ricans are Americans and don't care
Moreover, Puerto Rico has zero electoral votes.  Thus, none of Trump's so-called base lives there.  No base there, he no care.
Bigly
Our not to bright #POTUS (some might even call him a moron)
Because Texas put in massive efforts themselves.  Where PR has an abundance of corruption taking place.
45’s response to Puerto Rico has been bordering on immoral!
Blatant racism
Red State vs people who cannot vote.
Shut up....as the governor is being investigated for her response time....SMDH
Racism, for starters, as already documented.  Also people who didn’t vote for him.
Racism...LOL
His racism is on full display
Ah yes.  The good old race card.  Time for the first responders to get out of PR.   Their job is completed.
Maybe because the FBI is their looking into the P.R. government sitting on our supplies and food. Corruption at it's finest in P.R.
Trump is a racist and hates Puerto Rico. That's what could explain it. But then, you were being ironic, right?
@JesseRodriguez Skin color.
I'll give you one hint, it starts with the letter "R" and ends with "acism"
the local government(s)

Brown people.
That, along with a red state.
And I'm willing to bet Trump just learned that Puerto Ricans are Americans and it probably pissed him off.
I think you're right. I'd also bet that he thought Bermuda was PR, re his middle of big water moronic comment.
Ugh, good point.  Jfc, that idiot.
Racism is alive and well - Sad!
It is horrile how he is treating them!
I know, Senator. @realDonaldTrump’s lifelong hatred of the poor, downtrodden, and ALL people of color.
The difference are like day and night.
que  piensas, right?
