He doesn't even understand climate chg. Ignorant! .Irma will be to Miami & Carolinas by 9/11 and it is worse.Climate change ignoramus
Oh yes we can let him tear daca apart! Watch it happen u goofball!
Right, you're just another fake Christian
All the racists lacking compassion are always the ones whose profiles say they love Jesus.
Thank u for attacking my faith first. Then of course the racial slur. U make me pray even harder!4 I consider it an honor to face attks! 
I wasn't attacking ur faith, I was attacking ur religious hypocrisy.& it cant be a racial slur if the person is a racist.Just to be clear
U don't know me and u assume I'm racist..why? I don't care if you are irish, Spanish, Russian Mexican, whatever....if u immigrate do it rt.
Now they are threatened with deportation, just b/c 45 doesn't like immigrants, legal or illegal. Unless he marries them. If white enough.
I'm not calling u names but that seems  ignorant.i would not accept same said of Obama and did not vote for him. Race is not the issue. Law.
DACA is a Deferral program.If dreamers are working or in school, can renew dreamer status every 2 years. Not a citizenship program, per se.
If @realDonaldTrump ends #DACA, Congress must swiftly pass legislation to protect Dreamers. It is morally right and good for our nation.
Wrong
This is bull shit. What it will do is drive up wages for US Citizens as companies will be stopped from hiring ILLEGAL labor below market.
Senator Merkley
Join with other Senators and yell this from the rooftops.
And then jump!
Tearing apart families is Racist!
#idiot
So he should send them all back??  Ok, if you insist.  This was a temporary measure per BHO, so, you are correct - send them all back.
Please do all you can to protect our youth.
They aren't "our" youth. They are another country's youth. Let that country support them.
This is their country. The one they know. The one they grew up in. They have no other allegiance.
Some didn't know they were undoc. until college. Many have siblings born here. Some have parents since naturalized. /2
I've taught some.  Bright, motivated.  We need them & they need us.  Why would we want them to leave?
This is the one piece of legislation I dont support. But who is going to help my 100k debt situation. I make no $$. Where's my free help??
Get to work like the rest of us find a job it should be even easier for you since your an American citizen (assuming )
You obviously don't know how student loans work...
U complain about your crap life and instead of finding a solution, you stay on twitter all day long crying  Felicia
I'm complaining about my student loan debt. My life is great otherwise. #learntoread #assumingmakesanassoutofyou
Did someone force you to take on student loans?  How about fewer semester hours and a job to pay cash as you go?
So yes. I was forced by the labor market. I was forced because you need education to get a decent paying job.
I thought you said you have no income. Bad investment.
Dear Senator Merkley: Thank you for fighting to save DACA.  Ending it is a cruel act.
Follow the law
Agree
@GOP you own this, you run on this in 2018, unless you stop this! #DefendDACA  

@ACLU @womensmarch @MaketheRoadNY @IndivisibleTeam
I'm serious. Graduating in Dec with a Masters degree and am in serious debt. Why should non-citizens get more benefits than actual citizens?
They don't. Maybe you could work in the fields with migrant workers and make way below minimum wage to pay off your loans. Stop whining.
Yes, Then maybe I will be able to get a decent job! Legal immigrants are suffering from low wages, because illegal ones scoop up them up!
No we just need to faithfully execute the laws on the books as passed by Congress.  Stop smoking dope and harming MY economy.
Slave labor
Where is the "family values" movement on this?
why cantthese families that you want to protect come to the US by filling out paperwork like everyone else did that came here?
protect the criminal element if you will.
were glad you are putting yourself on the record that these families are more imporrant than those here legally
Is this what you thought Trump?  I didn't think so.
I agree, but will the #GOP throw #DREAMers under the bus?
The American people did, they elected Trump.
That is correct, though he was elected by a minority of voters.
I say TEAR DOWNS THE WALLS OF HATE!
Agreed which means if u r illegal go to bk of line and do the paperwork &hurry so u can come bk but don't hate me when I say it.
Sen Merkley too dumb too know DACA not a law? How does removing illegals hurt our economy ,when over 25% working age citizens unemployed?
Because immigrants do the jobs that those unemployed citizens refuse to do because it is too hard for them to do.
If those jobs are too hard for Americans,how did we become a Country those illegals couldn't create in their own country. Your point fails.
It is your ignorant opinion that fails. Simple economics 101, demand and supply. There is great demand to fill positions that are not met...
@JuanCabrera @realDonaldTrump join the service and become American citizen of they want to stay
What part of "ILLEGAL" don't you get?  Oh yeah, all of it. Too bad we can't sen you with them.
He will tear apart everything just to get his way
How did you ever become a senator? Give jobs back to Americans. Special treatment for illegals is wrong. Worry about America first.
America! the land of the free from tyranny and persecution , America! The great because of her people , and god bless Texas
SUPER TEXAS
Yet you are you party say so many African American and other minority teens cant find anywork.......Pick one side and defend it.
Your term is coming to a end! Oregonians will vote you out. Your representation is a joke!
Fact Fact and Fact 
I'm still trying to figure out that math?
My kids can't get entry level jobs...but DACA helps them?
Not really math to the 
#UnhingedDemocrats  its about buying Votes, they keep illegals here keep them dependent on Government to vote
We know but they think than can fool enough
Keep all the left wing bull sh*t in California...and Keep the the rest of America respectable and safe...
These...youth...are...working?
It's 800,000 why did POTUS on air say there are 5,000,000 DACA! 
"Figures don't lie, but liars figure".
Jamiel Shaw: 'My Son Was Murdered by a DREAMer' -- An 'Illegal Alien on 3rd Gun Charge' http://sumo.ly/Ff0a  #dreamers #daca
people arent just dollar signs...they are humans with rights and those rights are being taken away..dont dehumanize them; people =/= money

You assume that the Jobs that the illegals wont be filled by Americans. I say GDP will grow plus save on Welfare not paid to Americans.
Cannot? You can make an effort to stop it; cannot is just not accurate.  If you personally stop it, I'd thank you .
The Justice system tears families apart for everything.  It's their job is it not?
Scrap daca
If you murder & are sent to jail, isn't that also tearing you apart from your family? Should we ignore all crime because you have a family?

Thank you. Happy to retweet this. God bless everyone.
It's illegal and you damn well know it. Stop your lying NOW. You move with them BOZO.
He's not tearing them apart. They can ALL go together back to their own country you big dummy!!Use your head if you have one or go with them
Article 25. Now.
Americans first.  Citizens first.  If you want to live here, become a citizen.  Problem solved!  If you don't want to be a citizen, leave.
No I do NOT AGREE!
Blame their PARENTS for their situations NOT US Citizens 

"family" free to return to home country IN TACT

#EndDACA
Simple logic: If family members have to leave, because they are breaking the LAW, and the others remain; they (family) have made the tear.
These DACA ppl take jobs AND training away from legal residents & ppl who have come legally to the USA.Competition good schools/jobs always!
Clearly many of these so called DACA must have zero real interest in becoming US citizens as have years to do that yet haven't! What gives?
WHY is it not option to Democrats that ppl come to USA the legal way -ppl get in line like legal immigrants have & not break any USA laws???
AGREED.
BYE BYE illegals
Congress needs to act, then.

Trump perfectly willing to hurt people to pander to his base.
Protect Dreamers with law

#defendDACA
BS alert!
I hope you tweet this message to the 9 mean people who are suing over DACA.
Funding illegal Aliens is what harms our economy, Senator. DACA is Not a law, nor the will of the majority of Legal voters...
We're voting you out. Bet on it. NO more DACA.

send the parents home or let them live at your house.
Illegal is illegal all Dems care is they want votes they don't care the pain illegals cause American citizens
Thank you Senator Jeff Merkley. This is not a political issue. It's a human issue. American's protect our own. Stand up to trump's trump.
#DACA is a law @realDonaldTrump cannot touch. He has to go through Congress & @GOP may be in charge, they shouldn't allow ending it
Why do Dems defend illegals and not Americans?

It would be nice if Merkley and the Democrats cared as much about the American kids being screwed over as they do about illegal aliens.
Please provide a list of laws we won't be enforcing in the third-world banana republic you want to build, where rule of law is subjective.
Trumps guidelines for deportation are the same as DACA'S. 3 or more misdemeanors = deportation. Except Trump does not discriminate on age.
Here is a Senator violating his oath of office for political gain. Another three dollar bill.
It may cost that but in the long run 800000 potential jobs to REAL US CITIZENS including Hispanic citizens you phony
The families tore themselves apart when they knowing and with deliberate intent violated federal law you are sworn to uphold and protect
Get them out jackass


Maybe the last Deporter in Chief set a bad example sending women and children seeking asylum to for-profit prisons in Dilley, TX.
Taxes spent on illegals and refugees means less money for our own poor an indigent. Why are they put behind those coming from elsewhere.
Illegals keep wages and prices artificially low. Stop putting US citizens second to illegals and refugees.
Defend DACA!!
Certain businesses true but the entire economy,  i think we will recover
Go get a job in another country.
But you can't do anything without deal-making w/ Republicans. Demand immigration reform in exchange for tax reform to get Congress working.
What would JesUs do?
DACA should have been handled by legitlatve process, not executive orders.  We would not have this problem if Obama had done his job.
Thank you senator @SenJeffMerkley for standing for what's right I don't want to loose my privilege of working at the bank that I worked hard
#DefendDACA and make it easier for these people to become legal citizens
Not only is this fuk evil & vile.. He is letting them WAIT FOR 3 DAYS.. LABOR DAY WEEKEND. WTF??? They will be  stressed out of their minds
They are illegally....take care of our homeless 1st
We the people want all illegals deported and DACA gone.

FUCK DACA
it's sad you have to appeal to people's purses and not their hearts to do the right thing......corporate America.
So, all those DACA and "illegal imm" AREN'T just sitting around eating bonbons bought with their welfare checks?  Who knew?
thank you
He doesn't care folks and more importantly our so called representatives only care for their own bottom lines & political power sad yet real
YES...RESIST TRUMP.
Donny boy--you're just a heartless, gutless, racist ; you'll ruin our economy even further than damage you've done. #DefendDACA #ResignNow
Thank you Senator, Remember a little compassion never hurts.
Liberal lies.
DACA is CRITICAL! #ProtectDreamers! #KeepDACA! #HereToStay
Per experts: Immigrants are a net benefit to the economy thru profits to employers.
What is the price we pay for tax havens? There's been a moral hazard in our country for decades. There is no honest work with the US Mob 
If we do not, just another nail in our economic  recovery!!! RECESSION TIME around corner
Vote me lol alexander lusifer loera wooohooo freedom rules power to the people
It seems policy making by hate is not good economics
His hatred of Obama's legacy will be his undoing
#endDACA immediately
Trump stop tearing out country apart. Do something positive. We will not let you.
Are these illegal immigrant families or US Citizen fams?    Raise your taxes by 20 percent to fund keeping them.
Another Democrat in the Senate would help. Alabama special election Dec. 12th. #DougJonesforSenate #DigDoug2017 #AlSen #DefendDACA
For those of you that don't know DACA stands for deffered action for childhood arrivals.
EVERY DACA RECIPIENT PAYS 450 FOR APPLICATION puttin PUPPET MARRIED 2 TIMES IMMIG KOBACH WSUPREMACY IS GERMANY /BOH NORWEG NUNES INDIAN ID
Prisons tear families apart. Why should these law breakers be any diff. Keep them all together in Mexico
45 needs to go NOW
#ImpeachTrump
Killing ACA, ridding of DACA, Immigrant deportation,lower taxes on wealthy will cost the economy 6 Trillion and 3 million jobs over 10 years
correction 4 million jobs. Trump is setting America up for a huge recession that will force us into a large war
Nice made up #.  Legal workers will step in and take 700k jobs that will be available.  So do we bet on Mexico or the USA?
We invest in everyone in America regardless of race and national origin clearly we are all here in America because we want to contribute

They can go back to where they came from.  All their family.
Totally agree. We must also stop ICE from these horrible thefts of people from their families and lives here. Please protect our country.
Is this not why we have Congress? When POTUS acts in manner that endangers,threatens,unravels democracy,Congress must STEP in!@SenJohnMcCain
I agree.  Anyone with any brains could figure that out.
It's my understanding that they would be able to stay and the program would phase out.
Look everyone, an intelligent person who did his research! They do exist. Amazing!
Thanks!  Not often I get called "intelligent", I'll take it!
He is making Americans stressed and sick. Get him out of the White House ASAP!
BS....
@LedJEFFlin Please Protect DACA with all you got 
These kids are our kids we need to protect them
I read that as 'GOP' loss. I wish.
Interesting spin you take there Senator. More proof you care more about Globalization than America?
The majority wants to keep DACA! For once, Potus, Listen and do the right thing!
Trump doesn't give a damn about anyone or anything unless it's his brand or his bottom line. SICK @realdonaldtrump
Im down senator
Stop this man
Do you have proposed legislation to make them permanent citizens? That is what will make them safe.
He does not!
Wont that mean 800,000 union jobs for Americas work force???
Some of my friends R part of DACA! They depend on it, they R amazing people I won't let @realDonaldTrump devide them up!
The overwhelming majority of ppl have had enuf of #Trump. R u & your colleagues ready to IMPEACH?? The ball is in YOUR court.
After hearing about this I support Trump! Deport them all
Well brace yourself Senator, here comes the Donnie dump. Help these people!
Whay will it save in entitlements
They were kids.  Just kids.  This is the only home they've ever known.
This time next year I could be homeless because of student debt. Unaffordable. Where's legislation protecting American citizens from this?
I wish I could get free schooling & workforce development. Instead I'm an American citizen with over 100k in school loan debt. Who helps me?
What about American Citizens? Must they always come in second place? Let everyone go home where they belong. They will be welcome back legal
Just horrible.  I'm sickened by the though of the pain these young people are experiencing right now.  Republicans need to go.
@SenJeffMerkley what are you doing for #OregonFires? #OregonIsOnFire
@ChelseaClinton @realDonaldTrump Deport we save billions $ &thousands of CITIZENS from murder, gangs, drugs, disease, theft
Please understand only reverse psychology works on toddlers. Rail against it. He will embrace it.
We cannot let the #Nazi @RealDonaldTrump tear apart families
I'm not defending #45. Ever. But isn't he being threatened by 10 states that they will sue if he doesn't end it? How do we stop the states?

They aren't legal if their parents are illegal aliens. Why do u Dems think u can bend the law in your favor? Unfair to LEGAL immigrants!
45 is not a businessman! Losing dreamers will cost us billions.Tourist industry losing millions b/c nobody wants to come to 45's America! 
#DACA kids are absolute victims. Don't punish these kids!  Disgusting @realDonaldTrump
So according to Democrats, crime is cool, as long as there's money to be made from it.

#DACA
There is more to this issue.

Yes! Just pay attention to what Trump and the GOP are doing besides DACA. They love to distract. Their tax plan is bad for America! #No!
What about protecting laws & citizens & those trying to come here legally while teating people civilly & helping them come out from hiding??
Simple question, are they illegal? Illegal, get it? Illegal isnt racist. Illegal is just illegal. #doittherightway #legally
If we had defended the border we wouldn't be talking about breaking up families.
Solution?
Do you #DefendDACA or you're agree with @POTUS to end #DACA?

Apoyas #DACA o estas de acuerdo con #Trump en terminar el programa?
DACA'S GUIDELINES ARE MORE STRINGENT THAN Trump's. Trump only deports criminals. DACA DENIES CRIMINALS AND DISCRIMINATES BY AGE. NOT NEEDED.
Ending Daca is anti-job. 45 wants to rescind  the low unemployment rate becauseof Obamas policy. 45 wants to reverse everything Obama did.
I was asking about the guys. Good to SEE you here. #DACA
Fake
