What do you think about democrats losing over 1,000 seats in the last 8 years?
That is due to gerrymandering. Google it.
You sound like hrc who blames everything and everyone but herself for losing. Wise up and learn from the past.  Democrats failed. Google it
Nah. Gerrymandering did the deed with interference from a foreign government to put only those electoral college votes precisely scattered.
Evidence?  Be specific.  And why did hrc lose the nomination to obama?   She lost twice.
My Twitter feed is full of links to evidence from sources you probably disregard. Feel free to look it over on your own. Enjoy!
Time to take responsibility.  Its not easy being adults.
It should be required by law for all US Senators to hold at least 10 town halls at different locations in their state every year! #Texas
Good for you. Thank you.
Your efforts are appreciated!
This year I showed up to work over 200 days for my employer to earn my salary.  Please thank me many times over and tell me hiw great I am.
Thanks, it sets a great example. Don't legislate from upon high, meet and see the people and places you serve.
We applaud you in NY1 Senator. Our Congressman refuses to hold a Town Hall. He lives one town west of here. .@VisitLeeZeldin @leezeldin
http://www.demandatownhall.us/ 
And, actually the April event was so highly controlled it wasn't a true town hall. #whereiszeldin
Thank you for listening to your constituents, Senator.
Thank you!
And you still haven't denounced Antifa.
Thank you Jeff for being such an exceptional Senator.  We are so fortunate in Oregon to have you and Ron Wyden on our team.
Thank you for sharing your enthusiasm for, commitment to & deep interest in your constituents.  You are a role model for what a Senator is!
Peace ,Love and Understanding bring reason. Seem has if you're using it. Fine
Thank you!
This is how it's done. Thank you!
Harney County stands proudly with our President , you are part of Oregon's proverbial swamp
We would love you to come to Ashland again!!!!!
U don't care about what we say our desire of you. U are a DNC Puppet with no desire or ability to think for self or listen to us ALL!
You make us proud!! We love you Senator MerkleyThanks for watching out for Oregon!!
.@SenJeffMerkley I thank you for listening to your constituents in all counties as well as your activism in #Oregon and #DC. You give hope.
Keep up the good work.
Great job, Senator!  Keep up the good work!
We love you!!!  We're so lucky to have you at the helm.  #merkleyforpresident
Wow! thanks so much for listening to us!
Woe to those who call evil good.
Thank you for being present and listening to our community.
It's refreshing to thank a senator.
(some of the other states are jealous)
Way to connect the dots @SenJeffMerkley.  Wish @SenCoryGardner had as much dedication to Colorado constituents!  @indivisiblefrr
A true leader thank you for actually working for the people that voted for you. Others could learn from you.
Once again, Columbia County gets skipped over. #HereinCC
Thanks for taking the time to travel & hear what we all have to say! Makes me happy to be in Oregon where our elected officials really care!
I only wish that other Senators realized meeting with All of their constituents is part of their job.
Strong work ethic Sen Merkley 
Did u hear how citizens are suffering. While we reward criminals giving daca free education
And Lady DiFi of CA charges $40-65 for a moderated event at an exclusive venue sponsored by an exclusive organization, SF Commonwealth Club
Just don't le the rural minority drown out the voice of the urban majority.
Oregon's Autism rates are some of the WORST in the nation and you haven't said ONE WORD about how you are demanding studies to fix this.
I traveled over 1 hour for your townhall with my three kids in tow. Didn't get to ask a question or speak up abt local concerns. #Trump only
I was very dismayed that u only allowed so many ppl 2 ask questions. U pushed ur rhetoric & barely allowed constituents the ability 2 talk.
he will only answer easy questions that follow his agenda. he will ignore or not allow real questions
Thank you for your dedication! To OR and the whole nation.
You hear mostly Liberals. There are other americans you should listen too.
Explains why congress only has a 10% approval rating. You don't get shit done. You travel around complaining and whining.
Good for him; we just got back from week+ OR trip for eclipse & sightseeing; spectacular surprise: https://www.nps.gov/joda/index.htm  well worth visit
And we Thank you. We know our Senator cares about people and listens to what we say. Keep up the GOOD job.Thank you from Oregon 
Thank you for representing Oregon. At home and D.C.
Good Job Senator! Keep it up
Thank you for being such a quality human!!
Thank you for all your hard work and dedication to your constituents.
Thank you!!!! Amazing job!!! It gives me faith in our democracy to see a senator putting so much effort into it. So impressed by Oregon!
Thank you. So proud to have you represent us.
Thank you for your dedication and hard work.
Wow.  Impressive.  Just think @RepErikPaulsen you only have 1 district to cover!
Thank you for representing us so well. Now, on go vote by mail for entire country & popular vote must replace EC
As a proud Oregonian in NY I'm thrilled to see your impact on these United States. Well done, Sir and thank you.
Thank you!!
Thanks for all you do for the state of Oregon!
And YOU & Wyden Are do NOTHING SENATORS. ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING

We love you, Senator Merkley! 
How many town halls did Mitch McConnell do?
Good man. A good example to all your fellow Senators
Thank you for your representation and support, Senator!
Thank you! (Even though I am not in your state, you have set standards other should be following)
Does it ever make your soul mildly exhausted? It would mine :)  Thank you for being our amazing senator!!!
Nice!  You're getting out and meeting people you represent.  Great job !
Snowboarding is no different that what he's doing / LOL
Hey @SenToomey this is what you should be doing to reach out to your constituents.
How did Oregon go from a black budget to red?
Uh, Ross, Senators don't control state budgets. Ya get that?
I'm sure they don't have any influence, right Kelly?
Out of your district spewing your deception and lies as well.
That's what leadership looks like.  
#Leadership
@HerreraBeutler THIS is how it's done. Set a date for an in-person town hall.Your constituents would really appreciate the effort.
Thank U @SenJeffMerkley & @RonWyden 4 your service to OR
Now we just need to REPLACE @RepGregWalden in 2020
@1legd_survivor from Medford
Thank you for listening and being accessible to your constituents, @SenJeffMerkley !
How much have you payed into Obozocare?  Oh, that's right! You're exempt.
Hell, you even get subsidized by Uncle Sugar to pay for your insurance.  #corrupt #libtards
You hear that @SenTedCruz & @JohnCornyn ?  There's a way to restore your soul!
Thank you Senator! Your continued dedication & hard work for Oregonians is reflected in all you do!
Now that's what an example of for the people looks like!!!
Good work @SenJeffMerkley! It is refreshing to have a politician face their ENTIRE constituency! Kudos! Guilt you less democratic senators!
We appreciate hearing from you, too, Senator. And thank you for your activist approach in the Senate. It is inspiring!
We appreciate you, Senator! #Resist #AMJOY
Getting Trump out of office would restore my soul. What is your plan for that?
Cite laws that support your hate?
Well for starters there's Treason, obstruction of justice, and money laundering...
Thank you, Senator.
