withhold consent on noms 'til the ban is repealed - then obstruct like a blocked colon all noms
Thank you for speaking truth to power, and *actually* representing the best interests of yr constituents!

Yates wasn't following the law, hence she was fired.  Fairly common sense.
Trump needs to be stopped, any means!
Obstruct, embarrass the ass, talk back to him,
call him out as the vile creep he is!
read the immigration legislation from 1952, granting the President authority to do this. Why unlawful?
If a staffer that worked for you, did not do as ordered, what would you do? EO was approved by #DOJ.
Firing those who violate the oath they swear to..is , and should be, EXPECTED. PERIOD. Get real..
We need more Patriots like you! Stand strong! America needs you now more than ever! #resist
is removing checks intentionally placed in the system. Dangerous man. Keep fighting for us!
I think you've mistaken POTUS for someone who gives a toss!
Uncle Adolph all over again. 
I was raised respecting the law & have values What is your problem? Are you a bully? Yes
please watch out for Bannon.  He wants to dismantle our Democracy! Seat on the NSC?
Jeff you know that is not true. She was refusing to enforce laws on the books.
So what will the Senate do to protect the democracy against this totalitarian regime? @SenJeffMerkley @MMFlint @Dumping_Trump@BernieSanders
Get rid of Bannon! He has no business being there!
thank you for standing firm to FacistTrump! fillabuster the stolen supreme court nom. We the people stand behind you!
AG had duty to enforce the law not her "feelings". Immigration executive order lawful just like Obama did
Stay the course, Jeff. I, along with many other Oregonians, are backing you all the way! Dump Herr Drumpf!
Sometimes it's better not to say anything and just let others think you a fool....
what are your intentions for DeVos and Sessions and Tillerson?
Thank you for speaking out about Trump's Great Mistake ! https://www.change.org/p/steve-bannon-s-racist-anti-semitic-misogynistic-views-don-t-belong-in-the-white-house/u/19246979 … Hold him accountable.
keep it up! Oppose AG,ED,HHS,State nominees. Thnx 4 committing to filibuster of SupCrtNom!
Resist ,@SenJeffMerkley @realDonaldTrump
it's refreshing to see a politician that seems to care about the people. Thank you for trying to keep the public informed!
I pray that you can convince your fellow senators of the gravity of this situation.
Chilling. We demand rule of law. Donald release your taxes or resign.
@realDonaldTrumpPlease see Trump's Twitter 'tweets' of past 48 hours. He is mentally ill. US Constitution Amend. 25 sec 4.
y@realDonaldTrump You guys lost get over it
Thank you for speaking out, standing firm.
The truth is that they both were incompetent.  The people of Oregon will fire you as well Sen Merkley.
Yes.  Please, Senator, defend our country.
please consider #withholdconsent then 25th amendment. This isn't entertaining anymore. Calls for maturity in how to deal.

Truth to power eh? Like your party lost and is barley has any power. Great job. Any other advise wise fuy?
It's getting pretty clear that our choices are immediate impeachment or eventual dictatorship.
This isn't a transition, it's a coup.Just because you've never seen it before,doesn't mean it's not REAL.
please, please, please, do whatever you can these next few days. Filibuster; vote against these tyrants. None of this is ok.
please keep speaking out for us against this blatant unconstitutional behavior. We need you to fight loudly for our America!
this is now just scary. Impeach!!! You are not the law of the land TRUMP. No dictators in the US. Nooooooo!
if the rule of law was important to them he would not have had to fire them.. shows what truth YOU follow..
Yes, Senator! America agrees!
also a democracy.
the AG is there to defend government policy. If she will not do that then she doesn't deserve the job
well within the president's rites to fire the last administration holders ,remember u need to work together
Thank you for fighting for America. Trump must be stopped!
You've at least voted NO on two Trump's Cabinet noms. And you must regret Nikki Haley after she said "We're taking names."
Senator Merkley, we stand behind you. Thank you for your leadership.
PLEASE oppose ALL Rt-Wing nominees to Supreme Court & ALL Cabinet nominees coming before you for review & approval! Thank u!
please fight the @realDonaldTrump! You must #withholdconsent and commit to #NoJusticeNoBill!
http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/attacks/attacks.aspx?Yr=Last30 …
.@SenJeffMerkley @realDonaldTrump Merkley sides consistently with illegals over Americans they hurt - doesn't get to lecture on rule of law.
-Please don't confirm Jeff Sessions. We are counting on you.
Trump is not fit to lead the USA. Neither are any of his Cabinet picks. NO to all of them! Thanks Senator.
Senator, I am your constituent and you are spot on!! I support you in your works to protect Civil Liberties
You mean this law? The same one other presidents have used. Quit being an obstructionist!
This is absolutely terrifying! He needs to be removed. No on Sessions!
Thanks Senator Merkley!  And kudos to Sally Yates for standing up for what is right.
Yes! This is dictatorial "shopping for flunkies" - it didn't work for Nixon!

Politics aside, we need to start impeachment process for the sake of our democracy.
When will Articles of Impeachment be drawn up? We're not going to take this stuff lying down, and we'll find a new party if we have to.
We have a long road ahead, but with enough clogging the lanes we can stop this madman.
You damn well better not cave on SCOTUS! @realDonaldTrump
merky those fired were violating the oath they swore to. You can't understand.
Keep up the good fight Senator. You did good this weekend with constituents. Town halls and protests, nice!
DT delusional. Expects to hear "cut!" after every firing…
Firing those who violate their oath of office preserves the rule of law.Defend the constitution, not rouges
rule of law WD thwart their theft of worlds oil.FOLLOW THE MONEY
whatajoke, Acting AG was obviously acting on political belief rather than US Code. Get real or get out!
thank you for standing up to Trump. Keep fighting to get Garland to Supreme Court. Trump, Conway, Bannon and Pence r evil.
Dump the jerk. ASAP!
every demand should be screaming from the mountains not just a few.
this man is insane when is congress going to act to remove him and his minions?
Thank you! Now, what is congress going to do about this?? The Executive Branch hasn't obeyed the rule of law since Friday!
Firing those who break their oath, empowers the Constitution. Do a job, keep a job...America The Beautiful
I wish you were fired
NEVER back down Jeff.
DEMAND an Independent Russian Espionage Investigation away from Congress so no Trumper sabotage #GetThemALLout #NoPence
You are way too extreme on your Partisan & people deserve better. Rep ALL Oregon. You are only hurting Dems
Low life SJW Yates insubordination is Soros level sedition. GITMO is where she belongs
really Jeff Merkley you aren't standing up for me. You aren't my Senator.
time to impeach
Thank you for standing with US in upholding democracy. Trump is off the rails and is taking us with him.
thank you Senator Merkley
Really advocating breaking the law? This is misworded. you are actively supporting sedition and inciting.
Ragsdale may have screwed up the roll out of EO intentionally.
#ImpeachTrump #stopsessions
Yates served at the pleasure of the Pres. She obviously didn't want the job.
.@SenJeffMerkley please tell us this is enough for you & @TheDemocrats  to stopper any of Donald’s plans?
Reject all cabinet appointments and deny Trump's appointment to SCOTUS. Kick Bannon out of the WH & try him for treason.
@RonWyden  NO ON SESSIONS (PDX voter)
. @SenJeffMerkley @RonWyden
@cspan clip frm Yates' confirmation hearings--Sessions says she should be able to say NO
https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4653412/sessions-yates …
that's why the congress must stand up to him he is not above the law.
Recall to testify Jeff Sessions!
@SenateDems filibuster and withhold consent. Obstruct.
THEN DO SOMETHING! Bannon will take the courts next! Do something
Stop Bannon! He is an evil neo nazi with a plan!! You must stop him!!!
Time to announce that you are voting against Sessions.
@SenSanders AG Yates spoke loyalty to #HillaryClinton #DNCLeaks #ctl #transparency https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/24604#content …
Actions 2 date show total disdain for rule of law. This MUST stop sir
What are you going to do about this?
FIGHT
HELP US!!!!
Thank you and @RonWyden for your vocal opposition to these attacks on our values. Glad to know I voted for the right people.
have made me incredibly proud to be an Oregonian.
What can be done? Please, we need this chaos to stop!
what are the democrats going to do about it???
then fight for them and dont back down!! We as the public should have say on what is going on congress.
#ImpeachmentNOW Listen to the people!!!!!! We're holding our Dems to the fire. Fight or leave! NOW.
so if it's the truth now then why wasn't anyone speaking up before? No one stood up to Obama or Clinton.
NO votes on all cabinet posts.
