Got a little egg on your face there Jeffy
Sen Merkley, we await your correction. And your apology.
How much crow are people going to eat?
Wrong
We are on fire in Oregon! The gorge is disappearing! We need your help here! Find a way to send the 747!!!
You trust DOJ?  The same dept that lied about Hillarys emails and Benghazi.  Man are you lost.  Sad!
Obama should sue him for defamation...

Gee, senator, you look REALLY stupid now...
Have you apologized yet Jeffrey?
Your incredulity is laughable. Your defense stealing & spying on Americans by a sitting POTUS is despicable & speaks 2 your corrupt heart.
U need 2 apologize 2 @POTUS & to all of us because of your nitwitted politicizing & nonchalance at this TRUE & apalling & indefensible act.
How about an apology to the American people for wasting taxpayer money on this charade. #TrumpisaLiar
1. The Obama administration wiretapped Trump Tower.
2. The New York Times published unverified #FakeNews on its front page.

Pick one.
All Russian spies conversations are intercepted one way or another. When conversing with Russian spies your half of the conversation will be
Who the hell is @SenJeffMerkley I've never heard of him. This guy has zero name recognition. I guess Obama should apologize for all his lies
Your comment shows what you don't know!
Ignorance is bliss. And Faux News has created millions of extremely blissful folks.
Millions of people voted to save country from clutches of socialist liberals-have dumped Fox since Murdock's sons ruined it. Try to keep up.
Oregon has two ultra-liberal Senators & 4of5 Reps. chirp the same tune. Altogether they have the collective power of a sparrow's belch. MAGA
There's a first time for almost everything -- though I'm not sure about a #TrumpApology.
Trump will never, ever apologize about anything. Not capable of it.
Maybe not, but he was right about the wiretapping so no apology needed for that. Will all the pols and media now apologize?
WRONG!!
@SenJeffMerkley care to apologize to @realDonaldTrump ?  Looks like Trump's claim was indeed true, but let's not let facts get in the way.
@SenJeffMerkley should apologize to @realDonaldTrump . Facts show this hack has no idea what he is talking about. With this and everything
The lie is YOURS, fool.  http://www.breitbart.com/big-journalism/2017/09/18/wiretapped-cnn-admits-trump-campaign-breitbart-news-right-mainstream-media-wrong/ … This tweet didn't hold up well.
Of course a sane person would do so.  Congress has allowed this illegal administration to take rule
So this is how you spend your time representing Oregonians eh Jeff? Calling POTUS a liar? What GOOD do you expect to accomplish with this? 
Apologies are not part of @realDonaldTrump's repertoire.


12 Times the MSM Told Us Obama Used a 'Wiretap' on Trump http://bit.ly/2gGa8QI  via @BreitbartNews
Has he ever?  His entire life has been to shit in people's nest and just move on, unrepentant
Then should Obama apologize for lying to us? " if you like your health care plan you can keep it...."
Deportation of these American citizens is crime against humanity. No less.
Did anyone truly believe that it was the truth? That man lies as easy as he breathes.
You mean our wonderful injustice department? It is still full of obama scumbags!
He has no moral code, no sense of right and wrong. Apologies require both.
Please explain the actions of Susan Rice and her illegally unmasking Americans!
You have 6-months to fix immigration DACA! Get to work for the people and stop resisting our president
And how much taxpayer money was wasted looking into it?
Like when hell freezes?
An apology frm him is too late. At this point America wants him Impeached. Hes done so many horrible things since this day. #UnfitFor Office
@BarackObama & @MichelleObama should sue him for millions and donate it to worthy causes.....  no more playing nice guy Barack Fight back!
Jeff We Heard & Read Trump's Phone Calls to Mexican President & Australian Prime Minister. Isn't It a Felony to tap a President's calls?
Can't we just assume everything @realDonaldTrump says is a lie and investigate only if we think he told a truth?
And he should pay for the time spent to investigate!
No, he should be impeached
#ANOUTHER is the key word!
The fact that he didn't will not matter to his base. They will say the findings are fake news so Trump got what he wanted.
Thank you!!!
I don't think apologies are in his limited vocabulary.
But he's never apologized for ANY of his lies! I agree but #nothisstyle
What are you trying to do Jeff with your lies? Undermine our president and the constitution of the United States? Shame on you.
Senator,  When are you going to apologize for swearing to defend the constitution and laws of U.S., then supporting criminal illegal aliens?
Trump is paranoid! There are pills to help with that Donald
Seriously? What value would such an 'apology' have? Please, focus on significant issues only
He wont.To be a true http://president.you  must be a gentleman.To be a gentleman,you much be a man.Trump misses on both counts.
To be a man,you must admit, when your wrong.Take pride when you are right.And be humble enough to know the difference.
By your standards Merkley Crooked Hillary needs to start apologizing for all of her lies. That shouldn't take more than about 10 yrs
So how many lies have you told. To make it look like trumps a bad person.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!!!
I don't believe he knows how to apologize. Probably thinks it's a sign of weakness.
It's called humility. And yes -- no, Trump has never shown any signs of it in all the copy I've read and disingenuousness I've seen.
Completely unacceptable what Trump did and the cowardly GOP who sat by.  His lie was rediculously obvious.
Yet, the tower WAS tapped.
He is incapable of making apologies.
Oh, I'm sure he'll apologize for this lie right after he apologizes for the birther BS.
You should apologize for being obssessed with President Trump  instead of concentrating on your duties.  Get over loss, quit crying! Now!
"Wire tap data used in inquiry of Trump aides" That's the NYT headline where they first introduced the narrative.
He @realDonaldTrump should go on an apology tour but I haven't seen any pigs fly and hell hasn't frozen over
Um, I think he should resign to show how really remorseful he is. I mean come on that was a low blow 2 a good man, & great Potus
Even though they were illegally unmasking conversions of his employees? I think not. They were getting information illegally, he guessed one
We Should Charge him for the cost of the bullshit investigation -
Get him out. Work on any GOPs with a spine and get this lunatic out of our White House PLEASE Senator 
He never will apologize--not for this or anything.  Move on, Jeff.  Save ACA, show our Democrat values of People over Profit & welcoming all
What @realDonaldTrump should do is resign and never, ever, EVER say anything in public for the rest of his pathetic, evil little life.
If you want to keep your plan you can.  If you want to keep your doctor you can.  Premiums will go down.  What a hypocrite
Jeffy, tapped phones is a euphemism for reading his email and electronic communications.  I believe that did happen.
Could remain to be seen as the skeletons just keep jumpin out that damn closet. What the justice department finds is always timely fashioned
Trump is incapable of apologizing, in his deranged brain he is never wrong
@realDonaldTrump - no apologies no guilt no humanity never wrong.
He hasn't apologized for the birther lie. He doesn't do that.
Any rational person knew it from day one.  Who believes this crap?
I think I'll keep calling you an obstructionist. More important things than this NK Houston flood. Tax reform etc.
Hope a hopeful man you are, Senator. Keep on the sunny side. I like it.
Will never happen because he is not a man who understands honor and integrity. He is a very troubled man.
Of course, most of us already knew this.such a low life degenerate in the WH
U and U'r handlers are the lie, puppet!
A sociopath is not ever going to issue an apology. Waste of time to even ask for one.  #MalignantNarcissist #MisslesWillFlyFirst
Actually that's NOT what the @TheJusticeDept said. They said Obama didn't 'Tap' the hardlined phones at Trump Tower.
What about Trump & his campaign team and family's cell phones? Hiding behind the word 'wiretapped' is semantics. What about 'incidental?'
We KNOW the Obama Admin has a record of improper surveillance, spying on people & violating Americans civil liberties. #FactsMatter
"Newly declassified memos detail extent of improper Obama-era NSA spying"
"Explosive Revelation of Obama Administration Illegal Surveillance of Americans"
http://www.nationalreview.com/article/447973/nsa-illegal-surveillance-americans-obama-administration-abuse-fisa-court-response …
Why doesn't @CNN, #Wapo or @nytimes cover this?

"Was Obama administration illegal spying worse than Watergate?"
"Obama intel agency secretly conducted illegal searches on Americans for years"
I have a feeling that the truth is going to come out eventually. Unmasking, incidental collection, FISA warrants etc etc #TruthBomb
Another lie.... I'm stunned
Trump is morally unworthy because he's a liar or mentally unfit because he's an unstable paranoid
He won't apologize but he might abuse Sessions about it.
1- Trump lied to America and is unfit for office
Or 
2- Trump truly believes he was wire tapped and is a paranoid who is unfit for office
Demand List: lock Up Hillary & Gang-Eject illegals-lower our taxes-Build the Wall-End #daca -bring back jobs from Asia-End ObamaCare
You are right. Except he knew it wasn't true.
That's as probable as winning the lottery without buying a ticket.
The list is so long. Pathological liars like Trump will always blame someone else instead of admitting their faults. Pity
Would someone post a list of Apologies Trump needs to present? He can do it on national tv  for attention. Coal for Xmas
Censure him 
He should resign.
He will never apologize and his fans won't care. A majority of Americans do care and will continue to resist Trump's America.
Agree. If it were @realDonaldTrump he would sue! But Obama has more class than that.
Sen. Merkley, you misspelled 'resign'.
The sob must be made to pay for it out of his own pocket ..not me the taxpayer
But honestly, is anyone surprised? Pretty sure anyone with a brain knew it was a lie at the time he tweeted it.
Just because DOJ doesn't have a record doesn't mean it didn't happen.
Maybe for first time a former prez sues a sitting prez for defamation of character. Serve Trump right.
Right after the democrats apologize for obstruction, Russia BS, racist comments, and Antifa. Then he can say it was surveillance
Never, ever happen.  DT is going to call these findings "fake news".
You still haven't denounced Antifa.
His lips were moving, right?
Texas is under water and here we are bringing up Trump apologizing about a phone tap. Focus your energy elsewhere Senator.
Where's the review that shows Trump wasn't illegally monitored?

He can just #Resign
Don't start holding your breath!
It took Trump 7 years before admitted his birther campaign was a fraud, and even then no apology. Think he's going to apologize for this?
Impeachable
Forget the apology .... just TURN HIMSELF IN for causing upheaval with his lies !!!
Perhaps you should introduce a bill in the Senate: "On behalf of the asshole residing at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue......"
Now this is a worthwhile case for the DOJ to pursue, instead of trying a woman for laughing!
This was found to be true before the election
Obama was by far a better President for our country than Trump will ever be and we miss him now more than ever. Trump should apologize.

That will never happen
He saves "research" and making certain that he has facts straight for making statements about neo-Nazis. And then calls them "fine people".
What?! And speak a word of truth!? I think he's allergic. #iwillNOTbetrumped
Apologize? Ya ever listen to the Studio54 size  speak?  Happy Labor day,  Senator. 
Yes, If Trump were descent man he would apologize but let's not hold our breath.
What is Congress doing now to check Trump's abuse of power?
You should wake up! They are tapping you right now too.
Don't you have anything else to do e
The list of thing he should apologize for is getting really long, but this, is him at his worst! #apologizetoBarack
Mainstream media reported the wiretapping for nearly a year. Blaming him for their reporting is deceitful.
Ha! @POTUS  apologises to Obama? That would be a long time coming. The man hates #44
Never in million years
Grow up. Every time you get your feelings hurt, you Dems cry for an apology. You never offer one for the many times you are dead wrong.
I wish @BarackObama  @ThePresObama  would sue @realDonaldTrump for #Defamation but he is too much of a #Patriot & #Gentlemen to do so.
You have Obama all wrong! He's a snake in the grass! A blood sucking leech. Imho.
Obama's way bigger than T's lies. O's not waitin around for & dusnt need the crazy's apology.
Mr. Trump's statement of whether there was whether there wasn't   is a matter of  Who's feelings got hurt the worse
Just let it go .!
@potus needs to be institutionalized. Plain & simple.
Mr Merky,it is disparaging to hear u whine n moan about matters of controversy.many know  emphaticlly that Obama & cronies did this.
Trump won't apologize to do so might make people feel there is hope for him,God help us with Trump as president 
Way way way past apologies. I want him out of office, how long before GOP grow spines and do this?
Should apologize? Where the f--k are our leaders?
Great.. you're still on that.. but crickets about Comey.. we all see   You Senator.. right through you....
Doubt if that just means they covered there basis with lies and alibis
Sounds lile your lying
@realDonaldTrump , you're a worse national disaster than Harvey, Katrina and the KKK rolled into a great big hate burrito.
Seriously! He has run down Obama like I've never seen. He owes him a few apologies.

It wd take trump more days than he has alredy spent  in office to apologize for all his lies.DJT manufactures more Fake News than even Fox.
He never apologized for anything. And if he did it was clearly not sincere and under duress!
He has no class nor credibility!
@DrMartyFox: (cont) http://tl.gd/no35og 
Why be surprised everything that comes out of the President mouth is alternative facts  that need translated by his friends
@DrMartyFox: Corrupt #Comey Was (cont) http://tl.gd/no35oi 
He won't… Because he has no class or sense of decency.
@DrMartyFox: Corrupt #Comey Was (cont) http://tl.gd/no35on 
Trump's lie & demand to investigate have uncovered all his dealings with Russia. He weaves the rope to hang himself.
RT @DrMartyFox: Corrupt #Comey Was (cont) http://tl.gd/no35oq 
Can we enact an Amendment that let's the WH Chief of Staff spank a president who lies?
RT @DrMartyFox: Corrupt #Comey Was (cont) http://tl.gd/no35or 
I will not hold my breath waiting.
RT @DrMartyFox: Corrupt #Comey Was (cont) http://tl.gd/no35ot 
He has never and will never apologize for anything, @realDonaldTrump words not mine.
No that isn't what happened. U know it and so do we. They already admitted to it but now craft it deep state diff. U should apologize to DJT
You really need to stop lying. No proof or link?  Muckley everything that comes out of your mouth is against Americans. 
He should be impeached. What are you waiting for? Does he need to walk down 5th avenue and shoot someone before Congress takes action?
RT @DrMartyFox: Corrupt #Comey Was (cont) http://tl.gd/no35pd 
You are part of swamp trying to overturn a election with proopooganda SHAME..thats what happens in russia/venezula
https://youtu.be/eHDDQVZ-A98 
That'll never happen. He blames others for his fumbles & bumbles he continuously makes & is forever acting like a victim & a bully- lol.
GI TO HELL, Our commander in Chief is not supported by neither party and STILL DOING GREAT! DOJ IS CORRUPTED COMPLETELY! @realDonaldTrump
We are still waiting for apologizes from @HillaryClinton ......
Really then explain the publication of phone transcripts of Trumps calls to Mexico and Australian leaders.
Fisa court repremanded obama admin for unmasking thousands around election samtha powers has no bussiness unmasking people deff not hundreds
He's too small to apologize
His minions were listening in on private conversations. He has plausible deniability. Trump was right,  but Obama didn't directly do it.
You are correct; however, to my knowledge the man does not apologize for anything. With arrogance comes ignorance.
SO much to apologize for....
So much waste of taxpayers money for a lost election. Obviously Made up like a Russia story BY HILLARY AND CO. 
Trump will apologize right after he says he's sorry about being a birther. Fat chance
Can't wait for you to be voted out on your butt. Your party is the party of the KKK and Antifa. And what have you done to help Texas & LA?
Intelligencia!
Maybe you should run against him in 2020. You'll certainly get support from the Bernie Base.
Bullshit, stop spreading lies
There's a First Time for Everything  .. To Bad #MeinTrumpf   Has Never Apologized for Anything in His Narcistic Life .. Period  .....
Why are the Oregon senators and leaders not focusing on something productive that you were voted in a you swore to do. Oregon is on FIRE!
Because they love to vocally masterbate, it makes themselves feel good. #liberalsAreNuts #notMySenator #turnORred
And pay us back for any monies used to investigate the lie.
Senator, only a person with character knows how to apologize. Trumps lack of character will prevent that from happening.
Probably easier to just assume everything that comes out of his mouth is a lie and just report on the stories that turn out to be true.
That is great... silence, at last!
#FailingTrump seems to get all his information from Russia and/or other conspiracy sources that promote Russian propaganda.
Dream on Senator. Dream on. We're not collectively holding our breaths. The presidency has become irrelevant. America is looking to congress
OMG do you do anything other than bitch about Trump? #votethemout #DoNothingCongress
