I figured that was your comment on the FBI investigation involving your better half.
Bring Jane along.   She's so good with $$$$
That's clever and alarming and all but what are you doing to stop them @SenSanders?
Using it as an opportunity for grandstanding and going viral so the kiddies will say how ~savage~ he is.
Mr. Sanders. Do you have Obama care? Please get the Obama care and see it your self no Dr. accepts Obama care try and Judge it your self
why hate on the man that gave america health and economic prosperity while saving the economy from the "end-times" created by a war criminal
Absolutely agree with you! Just don't know where the Justice gone. Then again Justice for little people not for war criminals and etc.
have faith my dear friend, justice lies in the complete decimation of the GOP traitor party and a bankrupt Fox news. Health for all soon.
Are you sure that's not your apology for pounding on women and people of color months after losing an election?
Yeah wtf are you talking about @OkazuYuri???
No shit.  I need an answer to this nonsense, too, please!
@OkazuYuri still waiting on an answer of WTF you are talking about Senator Sanders "pounding on women/POC"?W/o proof it's technically lible!
Same as Obomacare only missing the red ink.
Number of laws signed by President Hillary Clinton. Or, names of every Democrat who wants to pay for universal healthcare with THEIR money.
Exactly. Good example! A REAL example.
 Thank you Bernie.
#FeelTheBern
Was this left over from when @TheDemocrats passed ObamaCare?
Is that why Pelosi said we would have to pass it to find out what's in it?
looks about right.  God help us!!!
Bye bye Obamacare!!! YAAAAAAY
Funny.  If y'all would work together they would not have to work in secret.  Accept your responsibility for this
@SenateMajLdr #HillbillyMoonshineHeathCare aka #TrumpKentuCare is going to have hearings for public input? How much will they listen?
Reason # 365 - Why I have joined "The Political Revolution"... To demand transparency! #CreateANewGov #ThatWorksForAllofUs #NotJustthe1%
While Many Hard-working Americans pay into a system are left still Struggling, the few who benefit off of us, give us zero transparency.

Yeah, it was yesterday
Savage 
Oh wow, I thought this was a list of the positive accomplishments over the past 30 years by the Democratic leaders, my bad...
That'll be Bud zingers on the patio at 2, Olde English shooters at 6 in Rose Garden
What about Nancy Pelosi and the Dems who said we had to pass the bill to find out what was in it? Hypocrite. Short memory!
Yea Bernie.  Stick to being a comedian.  You suck at everything you do, comedy is most harmless

Why don't they sit on it awhile and trump will be gone along with sessions,kushner, and anyone else who has perjured him or herself.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr GOP think the American People R going to let them pass this CRAP! Speak up People Do Not Allow a Few to F-up all
#badass
This reads much better! Thanks!
So weird how you're proud of your mental illness, instead of seeking help for it.

Wait!! if I squint hard I think I can see something. No it's still blank
Fucking Funnneeeee!! Sen.!!! From a neighbour of yours in Montreal....we visit St Albans on occasion...but only in summer...eh? Will flow. u
Lol
F.Y you socialist P.O.S.
Where is your gunman gonna strike next? #bloodonyourhands
That's the Trump Presidency-in writing.
Lol. Not.
Is that Obama's birth certificate?
That is what I call transparent policy alright!
GOP=disgraceful
I'll see you there.

Looks like your autobiography.
@GOP don't you worry Bernie you'll get your wish of single payer soon enough. GOP doesn't have the balls to do a full repeal.
Hope this schedule doesn't wear them out
You guys did the exact same thing. How does anyone believe a word you say? 
How is it that you have not Once disavowed the violence committed by your support base?
You going to send more of your supporters to commit violence and murder ?
Look more like your collective accomplishments after almost 50 years of holding taxpayer funded public positions.
You're a tool
That funny from a guy who's only legislative accomplishments through decades in gov is naming Post Offices.
Stop with the dog whistle nonsense Bernie.
Can you take a photo of the contract for that scam school that your wife was involved in that allowed your step-daughter to make tons of $$?
Nice seeing your face on the face book page of the shooter... you inspire madness 
LUL savage Bernie
omg they now write in invisible ink
See the detailed schedule. 
God I love you Bernie
And despite the tragic events of today, they wonder why they were targeted.
@jokevalues go away
That looks like a list of all the things the DNC did to help get ol' Bernie nominated..
@highheelys bernie doing the lord's work
Looking blank...scarey
@thatgirlkarii baaaaaabe look at this shade 
Looks like the democrat one when it was passed at midnight in Christmas Eve with GOP literally locked out.  Shut up.
Mr Sanders; what happened today is on your progressives heads. You steam everyone with lies & then say aww shucks when this happens
@halsabop Then, a volunteer and supporter of yours goes on a politically motivated shooting spree...
IF true is that his fault???
Not at all. Every individual's actions are their own and Bernie was mortified to hear the shooter had been a part of his campaign.
Though shooter(s) have carried out exactly what Bernie, HRC, Warren, Pelosi, Lynch, BHO, etc. call 4
The only thing it should say is full repeal.
what are YOU going to do to help get things done?  Work toward a bright morning or block everything and complain?
That looks like everything I hear when your Commie lips open.....
Breaking socialism always fails on its way to Communism
OK magical ink right? Lol help lordy
It sounds like these two want to, "Terminate the Republican party." Great job guys! You have successfully created a monster today.
They are too busy dodging bullets from your supporters!
Bernie ole boy .. what have you done lately ?
savage
I see what you did there...
Lol!!!
@amandapalmer this is the list of all Bernies accomplishments over the last 19 years
Bernie burn
Bernie's got it going on.... #BernieSanders
This is pure & simple the GOP trying to undo anything President Obama put into place. They don't care about the impact on Americans.
Looks like Obamacare, Pelosi said "we have to pass the bill so you can find out what's in it." Dems obstructing POTUS Agenda so why bother?
This is a much safer tweet than "democrats have won, Obamacare is here to stay!"
Bernie Sanders Neeson to go he wants a socialist country where the government

Tells you want to do has 3 expenses home & high salary
I rely on the ACA, and I’m working VERY hard to keep it intact. That work shouldn’t stop. But keep in mind what’s going on this minute.
Senator Sanders tweeted this two days.  To RT it now, in the middle of the Congressional chaos is a bit tone-deaf.
Maybe they can lie about it, strong arm the # crunchers to hide the true cost & pass it on Christmas eve. Silly me, THAT WAS THE DEMS
Government OF the people, BY the people and FOR the people, huh?
I remember Nancy Pelosi saying that we had to pass the bill before we can see what was inside of it.
sick burn.
#sass
@heggen_dazs
Thatsa spicy meme!
Hahaha
Using invisible ink?
Pressure works! Schedule frequent  open press briefs to expose this evil healthcare republican bill!!

Same goes for socialism.
No, Bernie; that's a list of people who like you.
Real mature guys. 
@GeorgeNobleg lad

@billmaher Bill Maher every time I hear your name I feel the urge to have a B.M.
Invisible ink?
BAHKASKSK
Sassy-Bernie why didn't people vite for him?!! 

OOOOOOOHH
Just read the bill after you pass it. What's fair is fair.
For god sake stop them. We can come up with a better single payer option! Help!
Hey wait a minute..., that's a blank piece of paper there, where's the schedule sir??
LOL
 Bernie:
@ianj616 @Michael__OD  I think we're gonna need to make 300 copies of this
we kinda have to
Is that invisible ink?  Try using lemon juice!!
this looks like Bernie's schedule on AG Lynch investigation hearing for obstruction of Hillary's investigation....
.
Had me shook
And yet you still voted for the bill that had to be passed before we could know what was in it. #Hypocrite
@LucidKnight3 @jackmarkle5 fucking savage
This is savage 
Hey thats what is inside your head nothing!!
This is exactly why I love you Bernie
Well we certainly won't pull a "we have to pass it to see whats in it" then lie to the American people telling them you can keep your doctor
#sad
This looks like your book of accomplishments Bernie. Are you sure you don't get confused again?
Right on schedule.
The invisible ink joke never gets old.  What next, signing documents on hemp paper in an attempt to save trees?  Those guys.
I thought this was a List of countries where Socialism actually works
@KyleKasper
I see what you did there Bernie. ;) #FeeltheBern
love you Bernie.
Love and God bless you Bernie! Keep up the good fight!

You have to pass it before you can see what's in it, Senator. Your party set the precedent.
LMAO.
You're wild @BernieSanders  
That could also be a good looking bill. Nothing objectionable in it. Or it's the latest draft of the @GOP health care reform bill #progress
@rbristow Sic, Bern
Finally you made a list of your accomplishments over your 18 years in Congress.
You still have a good sense of humor. Lol
“we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it, away from the fog of the controversy.”
What are the Republicans hiding? And how long do they think they can hide it?
#TrumpcareIsMurder 
#Republicans 
Killing tens of thousands of Americans w/ secret plots hatched behind closed doors
isis y'all takng notes?
MY BOY BERNIE OFF THE SHITS
That is good, remember Obamacare? You showed down down Americans throat with pukeosi saying hurry up sign it so we can see what's in it
Ha!

Nice table
