He's not going to censor the press, just give them less access to places where they need media credentials. They can join ranks of alt news
I can answer that. Yes!
Join #TermLimits
Running scared Ben? Why have you STILL NOT disavowed Dennis Hastert? Ushould’ve been shocked 2find out you were actually recruiting “fresh meat” 4him through the so called “Congressional Page program” &How about convicted pedo Timothy DeFoggi? Uworked with him#ReleasetheNames
Good question, Senator.  This Prez hasn't honored any oath, marriage or country, as far as I can tell.
You have your answer, Senator.
Marshawn Lynch of the NFL’s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down.
tag him to make it more effective jesus learn how to tweeet
isnt this the guy who let bill maher say the n word (hard r) on his show and people laughed
1st Amend. doesnt apply to a place of work...you're ignorant
I'm assuming you're referring to the NFL.  I believe this refers to 45's remarks/tweets about the Press/Media/News Stations Licenses, etc
45 is right!  The news, NFL, the so called press, no respect here, none!
Trump - Russian MaFIA HOODLUM - IS A COMPLETE BORN  LIAR - SO ARE HIS KIDS- I HOPE U STAND UP TO HIM - AND LET HIM KNOW THAT HE IS A DISGRACE TO REPUBLICANS. MY CONTRIBUTION ZERO IN NEXT ELECTION
question is are you... need to support YOUR president
You have recanted on your oath to serve your constituents by siding with leftist policy makers and slamming a duly elected president so please resign RINO.
Hey Senator. Remember this? It was cute political posturing. It got your name in the paper the next day. Has it done anything else? Have you?
Please educate yourself regarding reasons for 1st amendment protections for "free press." Clearly, they're NOT what you think they are.
With rinos like you who needs democrats
Trump can't remember what he said yesterday. Not likely he remembers what was said in January.  Remember, he is a MORON.  Please IMPEACH
Trump can’t read. Hasn’t anyone figured it out. He is a moron. Oooo I feel better getting that out.
It should also include thou shalt not bear false witness. Oh wait I read that somewhere else 
You are literally as your picture,upside down in your thoughts.Or do you just feel you have to cut down @POTUS to make yourself feel better?
U & I #know #Trump says whatever #works for #him at the #moment.#Much like a #child might #try to #get #what #they #want. Just sayin.. #Anything is possible with #THIS #president!
1st amendment doesn't cover libel and slander. A first semester Law student knows this.
Invoke the 25th amendment or impeach the SOB!
some good advice
Senator, by calling out shoddy journalism is  he not protecting 1st Amend? NBC spiked one story, got others wrong. We want free/fair press.
That's not all he did. He mused about pulling NBC's license. Sasse is right.
They are obligated to tell truth not subvert it
You are delusional Ben. It's going to be such a great day when you get primaried. You're a do-nothing career politician who has no business in congress.
I could not agree with you more!  Swamp creature!
Just another pretty-boy politician, then. I liked that blurb though... too bad.
Speaking out when people tell lies about you is not anti-the first ammendment.  DJT has every right to go after Fake MSM.
How would you have felt if President Obama had called for the Trump Org business license to be revoked over Trump’s birther conspiracy lies?
His businesses had nothing to do with politics.  Media lies have everything to do with politics.  Bad analogy.
You’re saying it’s okay for a president to seek to punish political speech?
Yes when it is lying to the public!  That is not journalism.  That is propagandizing.
If you're actually serious, please do something besides this press release. Talk to others on the Hill. Please.
But, basically, a sitting US Senator has done as much about Trump's anti-#FirstAmendment stance today as I had.
Of course. It's grandstanding. Hence the 'actually serious' part.
Baby steps. At this point, I will take them.
Ben Sasse and the republicans taking a stand against Trump
Ben Sasse is one of the most hypocritical cowards in the Senate. He talks a big game about standing up to Trump but has done nothing himself.
He can't do anything and won't bcuz he likes the gig. I will be actively working for his removal from office
Can you imagine if Obama threatened to shut down fox news over negative coverage? Republicans would be doing more than tweeting.
Yes he is. He's willfully avoided following the law on Russian Sanctions. Address that maybe? Thanks #TheResistance
http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/10/trump-just-blew-off-a-deadline-for-implementing-russian-sanctions-he-approved/ …
What is Congress going to do?
Let's see. It's members, including Sasse, can Tweet about it.
Hope they have the guts to do more than that
Crickets from @SenJohnMcCain @LindsayGrahamSC @ChuckGrassley @SenatorBurr
W/@SenSasse, few Indpdnts & all #Dems, that’s 53 Senators. We need 7 more to override a filibuster & #SenMajorityLeader to bring it to vote.
Hope others will wise up and do the right thing 
Maybe Rubio, Lee, questionable on Cruz
I have a lot more faith in Cruz than that.  Swap Rubio and Cruz, but even then, I think to say he's questionable is far too strong.
what are you gonna do about it, Senator? He's also been flouting the emoluments clause, making $ from foreign gov'ts, with your approval.
I ask could you point out to me in the constitution specifically how this president has violated the emoluments clause
It doesn’t seem like you have much of a constitutional argument. Let’s look at stare decisis and see if there is precedent to adhere to.
"No person holding any office ... shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument ... from any foreign state."
Got you! But the president didnt become a billionaire since entering office. I don’t see how he has directly benefited from your claims
He is making money every day from foreign governments. Our founders banned doing so, recognizing that doing so creates unacceptable risk...
that POTUS will represent interests of those who pay him instead of those who elected him. As true today as in 1789
The general idea of the emolument clause as we are speaking was receiving“gifts” that may curry favors from a foreign government.
.@NBCNews = @DNC’s Pravda, @POTUS calls them out, U get indignant. Meanwhile, “shall not be infringed” is violated daily, you give 0 fucks.
Ignore what the @GOP SAY and watch what they DO! #Maddow knows,,. @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP both got lots of Rubbles from Vladimir for races!
Thanks for speaking out.
He is a danger to US citizens, unstable

GOOD QUESTION! He certainly isn't preserving, protecting and defending the Constitution.
Fake news - Fake Republican
Of course he is. He wants his own #Sputnik
MSM has no luv 4 the bill of rights. They have no luv 4 religious rights. They r so yellow they reak. The swamp needs draining.  Hose DC
Shame on him
what are you going to DO about it Ben?
Ben Sasse is a HACK CARPETBAGGER! Always looking for a way to attack our President!
You have passed laws to undermine the Constitution, Trump hasn't. Article II, Section 2, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution.
He has never told the truth!!!!
Action is needed. #WWIII #ImpeachTrump #countryoverparty
he had his tiny tiny fingers crossed on jan. 20th
Thank you from an Idaho Democrat who longs for bipartisanship.
#25thAmendment
Impeach
Labeling yourself a real & serious news outlet when you are just a gossip rag should be outlawed! Some of us who have time to check these publications know they are unethical but what about the rest? They should change names to WP Rumor Mill or NYT Gossip
This President must be impeached before he destroys all that is good & sacred in this country. For our children & grandchildren.
Do you honestly think he had any clue what the oath of office covers? 
Or the responsibilities of #potus?
The answer is a resounding NO.
Are you ?
Only fools would believe the oath of a serial liar and con man. Oaths mean nothing to Trump.
You know the answer. Act upon it.
You are a hypocrite! You have steadfastly supported Trump's Agenda! Feeding redmeat to your constituents!
That's a good question.If he admits 2recanting his oath,would that qualify as a resignation?He has repeatedly failed 2 defend Constitution.
also..nice brown nose to the msm.....there seditious fake news ya know....have ya heard?...oh well...your hired..msnbc and you are as one
. or will you #DoTheElvis?
Finally a repubican to challenge trump thank u
Yes, he is. So why don't you start urging your feckless GOP pals to reach back with both hands, locate their spines, and start to do something about it?
Ben - time to call it a night. You had way too much koolaid 
Ty sir
Now do something.
Please do something to help our nation.  Please!
Why do you single out our President ,why not democrats..think about the abuse he's taken hillary would have shut down all conservative sites
Like the democrats did with the antikkk white supremacist bill he signed you supported that nothing good for 1st amendment antifa not a word
Hey U out there on LEFT field on D Sen Chamber, a bit slow in the uptick, Prez' just messing w/ Fake Media, WAKEUP
Did you ever say this to Bathhouse Barry? Still I think you are
Someone should recant Sasshole
I am sure you will furrow your brow, state how concerned you are about this unraveling, dangerous @POTUS ... and then, yet again, DO NOTHING
Reporting truth instead of lies with no reliable or credible sources! MSM makes stories up. How about doing some journalism with facts.
An oath from Trump is like a ________ from a ________.
Reasonable question...
-Exactly the attention seeking cheap political points @GenJohnKelly talked about today! #ThursdayThoughts
1st Amendment? Wasn't this abolished at Berkeley and other leftist indoctrination centers?
Your words mean nothing if you don’t back them up with action.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @guardian
When our media is corrupt just like the swamp in D.C. it's time too expose them Including YOU
STFU SASSE   #SWAMPCREATURE  #DTS
'He is a Liar and the Father of Lies' - John 8:44
If you call yourself news though it should be accurate and not biased
@BenSasse plays these stupid liberals until they froth from the mouth. Tomrrow he will get an interview on CNN and a VAGINA hat award! LOL!
The good people of Nebraska should recall Benedict Sasse, so he can go back to working the fields with housen***** Bill Maher.
@BenSasse Whaaaaaaaaa! #congressistheenemy
Good question, Senator.  I'm hopefully that your fellow Republicans will share your courage in exposing the fraud in the White House
He never meant it anyway. Kept his fingers crossed the whole time.
thanks for standing up in defense of our Constitution
Everyone wants Limits or regulations on the 2nd Amendment. What's wrong with the same for the first. #hypocrisy.
What action  did he take to diminish the 1rst amendment?
when will you call for his resignation or impeachment Ben if you are serious there is an issue.
Well said.
Right now he's protecting the 2nd Amendment so the 1st Amendment can be protected..BOOYAH!
Trump is emotionally unstable and is unfit to serve as president.
The USA has produced the most moron and immatured  leader in modern HISTORY. What a GREAT SHAME on DEMOCRACY. 
WWIII is around the CORNER.
The MSM in my opinion has an ethical and moral obligation to report facts. Pushing propaganda one way or another will lead to civil war.
Ben. Just come out of the closet already... there are treatments now for pedophiles.
Don’t be an Asse, Sasse. Do your job & pass some Legislation. You swamp rats think everyone can criticize him but he can’t criticize others.
THEY WILL NEVER VOTE FOR YOU
DID YOU REPEAL OBAMACARE?
This is a start. Will need you to not vote against your constituents best interests now and then we'll be good to go.
Senator, do you know that the First Amendment doesn't protect libel?
Dear Ben Sasse - broadcasters are licensed and have standards.  Your tweet is idiocy
Trump has been assailing the First amendment from the moment he was sworn into office.  You are in a position to do something about it.
Did everyone suddenly lose their TV remotes or something? Here's an idea: cancel cable TV, go outside, do something constructive.
Do something.
Resign or be voted out. Your choice.
It is going to be a great day when they swear in the person who beats you in the next election for your senate seat.
Sasse2020. I have long supported you and will continue to do so. #repealandreplacetrump
Trump is trying to drain the swamp. You are part of the swamp. The swamp hates Trump and White Americans.
Winter is coming to House Trump. #25thAmendment #Impeach45
Do something more than tweeting. Otherwise you're no better than him.
Really!!!  You need to have another look. Just what in the hell have you done that is so damn great!!
Time for you to go Benny-boy! We need true patriots who are not governed by special interest and the "good-ole-boys club". #Bannon #TheSwamp
#FuckTrump
That's what I was wondering. Trump panders to his base..but he is the president of all, not just a particular base. Seems oath means nothing
This is garbage without action.
Why so many likes? what else is he going to do besides tweet this? what has been done since this tweet? Crickets
#25thAmendment
Would love to see you do something about it (as would the majority of Americans). Talk is super cheap, and you're super complicit.
Do you honestly think the 1A was meant to include intentional lies and misrepresentations,  or are you pandering to your liberal friends?
Impeachment
@POTUS does defend the 1st Amendment, but media spews lies like he's racist while knowing his decades of black friends b4 running for office
zzzzzz
And you just now figured out that trump is a danger and menace to our country? Where have you been?
@BenSasse he is. Are you going to do something to help us?
More lib bullshit. These words are not in the oath of office of the president. If you who have destroyed the Free Press with your lies
You took an oath that you are violating. Time to go. #ImpeachTrump @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @gop @SenateGOP @HouseGOP  @SenateDems
But you won't do anything about it because tax cuts for the 1% are more important than the future of our republic. Coward.
He’s not a coward like you establishment republicans. #MAGA
Please take action beyond this tweet.  Please stop the march toward fascism!
The majority of the American people have had enough with the tweets, from him and from the rest of you politicians. Do something.
If you're serious, quit voting for Kong Cheeto's plans to kill Americans  (like the health "care" bill) and push harder for gun control.
What about the oath you took to protect the American people? Impeach @realDonaldTrump.
All talk. Do something! @GOP is complicit.
Benny you are an S. "ASS"E
@Morning_Joeif your show wasn’t so full of BS, this topic would of never came up Facebook recognizes they have a fake news issue when are u
@ShaunKing NFL is a job. Employers are ENTIRELY entitled to restrict WHILE ON JOB. Nothing stopping players from protesting on THEIR TIME.
the formula for 45 is- heap praise on him, throw rose petals @ his feet & his tantrums may cease
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP!!!!
Aaahhh look- the never trumper is back acting like he matters!! You're joke politician who goes off opinion polls & loves looking in mirror
Whose 1st amendment rights has been threatened? Certainly not the racist bigots that protest during the anthem!
This is the kind of Lying Crap you can expect from The Bush Family & GOP. There only one Man trying & FIGHTING For us, Thats Trump. @POTUS
YOU were elected to represent the PEOPLE so get off your ass and get work done! Piss ant!
Hey swamp boy. I hope you have a second career lined up. Your days are numbered.
Hear, hear
First Amendment doesnt protect violent attacks on Conservatives by Soros paid antifa, BLM etc. Thats NOT under Free Speech.
Fake doctored pics  not even in the US.
#StopPropaganda

Tell your wife how much you like little boys.
Stop being another distraction. Build the wall, repeal Ocare and pass tax cuts for all
Ben you are an embarrassing pest . You will not win this childish fight.
The 1st Amendment applies to everyone,  regardless of political belief. If the right can revoke a licence,  what will stop the left?
It't time to invoke the 25th Amendment and remove this vile bastard from office.
Maybe you support Fake News & made up propaganda but I assure you the American people don't. You just lost a ton of supporters. MAGA
Great.  That’s what the nation needs more challenges to the authoritarian president by Republicans. Thanks. Hope other republicans follow
Stop tweeting and start lobbying and legislating- you know, like a Senator.
Are you recanting of the Oath *you* took to by not doing anything more to protect the country from Trump other than posting virtuous tweets?
@BenSasse, he's violated the Constitution constantly. The #Emoluments clause is just one example. What are you going to do?

#ImpeachTrump
You and the current GOP are going to be historically notorious for the things you have allowed this man to do. Despicable and unAmerican.
Many of us have been asking the same question Senator?
Everyone talks no1 takes action What #Dem or #Repub is gng 2 have #cohones 2 #RiseUp & save U.S. from #sociopathic #madman @realDonaldTrump
Thank you, Sen Sasse, for pointing us to the Constitution, and for reminding leaders of the oath they swore. Impeachable stuff.
Nope. Just weeding out the "FAKE NEWS" Garbage in, garbage out. Works for any ideology.
The ONLY thing tRump wants to protect is his criminal past & defend lies with more lies & deflection.
Actually Benny he is upholding his oath. You apparently advocate contrivance as well as blatant liable by media. Jester..
Believing that Trump would stand up to any oath is laughable.
Are we Surprised? NO
#25thAmendmentNow !!!!!!
@BenSasse Yes, Ben, he is. He has. Now void this fraudulent election, or find yourself another job.
