White House pushes ‘implode’ plan amid talk of bipartisan health bill http://bit.ly/2vQIhQH 
Wondering when the Dems and the GOP will come together and defeat trump??? 
Never .He  is voters choice.
I'm positive they will, it's just a matter of when, but then pence will be president 
Yeah ,You were positive Trump wouldn't be president too.Hez in for 8 years ,then Ivanka will be the first woman president for eight years
that sounds like grounds for impeachment. it is a breach of public trust.
Senator... your own career is less than laudable. Shall we air it? Right now the middle class is being decimated by the ACA.
The ACA has a lot of really important consumer protections.
On top of all of this? Now in the hundreds of counties with no Obamacare provider. More and more losing coverage, and can't fix it.
Ins companies are pulling out b/c they don't trust WH to honor subsidies guaranteed in ACA.
... most of this happened during the Obama Administration
Senator the @DNC should be pulling out all stops to get him impeached. @GOP knows he's nuts, someone must be willing to work with you.
What your actions are today, the children are watching, shall we teach them to put the President of the United States down?
Here are the lessons for young people today: 1. You don't EVER put a mentally unstable and fundamentally unfit person in the White House.
The mentally unfit just left office, we had to put up with 2 terms of that disgusting horror.
Careful. Your racism is showing.
How can you bring racism into the conversation.... sounds like something a republicanphobiac would say
Because you have no basis for calling Obama mentally unstable.
As much as you have for calling the current president unstable. Disagreeing with him isn't reason to call names or unfounded declarations.
Openly hurting Americans for political and personal gain should be impeachable. It's a sad state when a leader's only vision is of a mirror.
Trump is the best president ever ,and you dont have to like him .He's real Americans president. He speaks for us good, honest,Americans.
It's just another impeachable offense to him. Go ahead, he says. I dare you.
He is a monstrous man.
Isn't it illegal to sabotage an existing law? Doesn't the president have to follow laws too? Can't you hold him accountable to it?
Liberals have Mental Issues..
that's not helpful. We are all Americans. We should work together to improve system.
When you have nut cases it doesn't create a true solution..
Actually, Trump has no power to do that. It's unconstitutional and insurance cos. know it, but they are taking advantage of situation. fraud
DSH website has taken ACA sign up info off its website.  They also had Utube videos from individuals they claimed had poor ACA experiences.
"The Obamacare assault doesn’t die with skinny repeal":
That's ok, cause then he fails to uphold our laws (sabotaging ACA is a no-no).  This an impeachable offense. Hopefully Dems get the house
Trump tornado of death.
Rs use implode = "to break down or fall apart from within." But T's plan = "to collapse inward ... from external pressure" @MerriamWebster +
We see the difference & will continue to #ProtectOurCare #KillTheBill #SaveMedicaid
@Eamon0303 @realDonaldTrump Proving one more time, he cares about no one or nothing except himself. Sad.
He loves Americans and we love him .Only lawless ,atheist, anti American mooches don't like Trump. ENTITLEMENTS HAVE RUINED OUR COUNTRY.
Still upset about the house that fell on your sister?
@senjeffmerkley: what is it citizens can do?  Every Dem email I get asks for $. But big $ have not brought us electoral success.
Trump was outspent by far .AMERICANS hired him .Trump is our voice .I will be voting for him again.
I respect your right to vote as you think best.I would ask you to remember that life is a pre-existing condition. You might need healthcare
I'm not afraid to die; We are suppose to die .
Heaven awaits me .
Omg u idiots really believe this ?
@Aetna @bcbs_companies @Humana @Cigna @UnitedHealth should all sue him if he refuses to pay. He MUST be STOPPED
@doggiedaysms @realDonaldTrump @rollcall I think some State Attorney Generals are filing lawsuits. How can this be legal?
Donny is insane. I wonder if that's how he negotiated in his business.  Using people's lives?
This is the worst ABUSE of power I have ever heard of. Americans will take it to the streets when this happens and we won't stop!
Healthcare is no business for government. 
STAY OUT OF OUR BUSINESS.!
#Russianbot block instead of engaging.
He hates President Obama (jealousy) & wants to destroy Obama's accomplishments. DJT has accomplished zero. He Is a petty, vindictive bully.
I hate the entire old establishment ,Washington mafia theives.We are trillions in debt ,China owned us ,thanks to a Muslim Kenyan enemy
I didn't relize GW Bush was Muslim Kenyan.  You can blame him for what you're complaining about.
@ananavarro @jaketapper @SpeakerRyan Trump only cares about winning.  Screw all of us who need insurance.  He just golfs and over-eats.
Trump stands to lose if people start to unite against the agenda of destruction.
If he intentionally withholds funds to hurt millions of Americans, start impeachment!
Begin impeachment...maybe now there will be a majority vote to begin procedure
The one that had continual impeachable offenses just left office, we now have a president that is for the people
It is refreshing to see a man unmoved by politics and politicians such as yourself, standing up for American progress.
Actually "The Affordable care act" aka Obamacare was the political move for an idiots hopeful legacy, flawed and doomed for failure.
That's where you are dead wrong, Trump isn't the one who's about politics, that's you, Trump is about making this country great again.
You are not entitled to Healthcare .
one can only guess he has million invested in insurance giants...and wants to bully others...for his own gain
Win at all costs, and if you have to, cheat. @POTUS & @GOP motto. #VoteThemOut #LockThemAllUp #Russia #resist
#cluboligarchy kills! #health @SenSanders @SusanSarandon @MarkRuffalo @MMFlint
Unbelievable for a president to threaten his own citizens. He is mentally ill.
isn't executive branch function to implement and enforce the law? Ironic. I don't think his motive political, it's ego/hatred

Governing by extortion. #ImpeachTrumpNow
What would they gain from all this ? Why leave the poor and disabled with no healthcare ? @YarosisNancy @fupumpkinhead @thelittleidiot
trust me his vindictive streak will make sure ACA implodes
he has no qualms about it that what a>winner <--sarcasm
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
trust me his vindictive streak will make sure ACA implodes 
he has no qualms about it
> What A Winner <--sarcasm
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
@doggiedaysms @realDonaldTrump @rollcall Senator Merkley, is it even legal to work against the law of the land?
Since when do elected officials, especially republican ones, care about the rule of law, as it applies to them?
@vwheato Okay, @realDonaldTrump, this type of revenge will not end well for you.1000s of dying people have nothing to lose.
Dems and repubs need to band together and stop this village idiot
Sad
Trump didn't make this mess, Democrats did, own it!
You spelled "game" wrong.
Stop him
Nice shoes.
Hold trump accountable and make him pay in the end for killing people while he destroys there healthcare
This is directly harmful to taxpayers and those who have paid premiums and continue to do so.  Extortion?  #ImpeachTrump
Just so he can say I told you so. That's so transparent.
He's a Very Sick Sick Man.
I don't think so
And then that means he is not protecting Americans  would be time for impeachment  not doing his job & trying to obstruct instead of helping
@realDonaldTrump is a small small man.  We see him.  #NotMyPresident #obstructhispresidency
Is that legal? Can he be stopped? @AGSchneiderman
America sees the #corruption and black soul in the WH
Let's hope that the senate is smarter than this and they refuse to let him do this...it is time for the nonsense to stop and do their jobs
End the unconstitutional ACA
Anything for the win when you have no talent
Most informed Americans know and can see through the BS! 45 & GOP have been intentionally sabotaging #ACA instead of fixing the issues!
@SenJeffMerkley What can we do? What will you do?
I think it's more revenge than political gain. He didn't get his way and now he's angry.
Tragic GOP refused to do any enhancement or correction to ACA after implementation.  They put it all in repeal. Hope they come to the table.
Don't pass the budget and the debt cilline until he funds ACA
that's a breach of the presidential oath of office
Trump hates Americans. Well, non-millionaire and billionaires, that is. Why? He can't let you close enough to stroke his "ego". You stink.
He already has. My understanding is that ins. execs must be assured of stabilization strategies by mid Aug. or they raise premiums/pull out
Dems need to start shouting ACA fix ideas from the rooftops at every opportunity, pleading loudly & incessantly for GOP support.
Time to push for a recall. Impeachment wont happen fast enough, He is on the fast track to tear our country apart, as he cant get his way
We certainly wouldn't want to curtail the $BILLIONS$ of dollars his CEO buddies from big pharma and insurance companies are killing us for.
This is all so very sad and aggravating.
Republicans have ridden Trump coattails into office on a platform to end Ocare and illegal immigration.  Have done neither.  Cowards! Liars!
There is no healthcare...another terrorists dem lie..no one can afford cost or deductibles.  ACA is a fraud perpetrated on good ppl. by cons
Please find a way, with your peers on both sides of aisle, to fix things and bypass the Exec branch if you can.  (2/3 votes veto proof?)
Is he pretending he's Mary Poppins?
Sabotage
Is there anything people not on Obamacare can do to stabilize the exchanges? Bring premium costs down?
If implosion leads to single payer, I'm all for it!
That just shows U that he doesn't care about anything but his BIG EGO. He doesn't care who he hurts.
We need to stay on msg and expose him/GOP while maintaining ALL THINGS RUSSIA-DON,JR;KUSHNER;FOLLOW THE MONEY  DAILY!!!!!
caused in their lives. And that's just the people who admit to it. How many are homeless now because of it?
There's an article about a NY couple throwing themselves to the street from 9th story window because of the financial crisis Obamacare....
Um Mr. Merkley, I think Obama is responsible for that. Millions of Americans already can't afford the premiums/deductibles. Didn't you read.
Insurers were fleeing & premiums skyrocketing before Trump was even nominee, when your girl Hillary had a 98% chance of winning. Spare us.
Trumps going to destroy whatever he can, we, you, congress, DOJ, judicial have to stop him
Not really. For the MILLIONS of $$$
How do your colleagues across the aisle feel about the 'implosion" plan, Senator?
2/ Stop with the dishonesty and lying you are only fooling your base. What you are pulling is exactly why Trump was elected.
We have had an insurance crisis for decades! Citizens can no longer afford to carry ins corps. $ directly to providers #SinglePayer
Trump is simply disgusting.  He does not care a single bit for the American people - only whatever he needs to satisfy his little boy ego.
1/Really you just cannot take responsibility for what you did intentionally. ACA was losing insurance companies before Trump
That's a lie from hell,hatched by the devil http://himself.you  need to be investigated for the bribes you receive from your lobbyist
Come now, Senator. Obamacare is imploding all on it's own because of the shoddy way it was put together.
How much more does Trump have to do against the American people & our country b4 he's kicked out?
#ACA is a law, right? Color me crazy, but didn't @realDonaldTrump take an oath to uphold the laws of the United States?

He's a thug, that's his mentality. Please work both sides of the aisle to gather support to END his reign of TERROR.

True leadership.
Dangerous and irresponsible to say the least It seems many in House and Senate don't understand Maslow's Hierarchy
@TheDemocrats @SenateGOP UNITE and work together. YOU CAN DO THIS BUT TOGETHER!
Somebody give odds which implodes first, Obamacare or Trump's White House
What do you need #TheResistance to do..  Aside from voting for Dems in 2018..  ?  Say the word and we'll mobilize.  More calls to MoC's?
Let's make him pay!!
Let's name bipartisan plan "McCain Healthcare": honor his decisive vote across party lines, war hero service & respect for reg Senate order
UnAmerican and destructive. Is that what you really want? Unforgivable. Hardworking people led to slaughter? Bad business.
Of course, it will not be a gain whatsoever. He could trigger an epic crisis that won't end well for him.
Be nice to choose our own doctors and purchased the plans we need. You know, they call it free market the engine of capitalism.
Federal law that he's sabotaging. Violates oath of office.
It's literally criminal. #prosecute
You didn't think Gun running to the Mexican drug cartel ,or deleting 33,000 emails was criminal though ,right ? You're as crooked as them.
@PRyan @SenateMajLdr @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats  Should tell DJT it's against the law to divert funds designated
Yet another impeachable offense - mandatory duty: “The President  *shall* take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.”
can you convene state governors to respond en masse? end run around?
State AG need to sue over harm to citizens
@AGSchneiderman could you sue on behalf of public good?
It's okay, when we #RepealAndReplace the @GOP next year, we can work to repair the damage they've done to the #ACA
Projection is a helluva drug ain't it Jeff
The Orange man is one seriously screwed up individual.
