Hey, Assbag.  When does the "Affordable" part kick in?
You can keep your doctor.
You can keep your plan.
No, they (we) are deliberately sabotaging the communists and socialists in America.
It's NOT affordable Senator Merkley.
SOS!!!! The Columbia River Gorge is on fire!!! It's encroaching on our urban area!!!
Most of u dont know shit about ACA it is crap wake up people try it if u dont believe me then form ure opinions,been there done that
What an evil, soulless man he is
He doesn't need to sabotage it.  It's doing just fine on its own.
Wrong! Obummers lying goon who crafted the crap knew what he was doing! It's Obummer the cancer who created this mess! Illogical donkeys
Is Obama Care still in effect? It is killing itself
Really. Unbelievably misinformed statement  you should know better. It was designed to fail for single payer. Which is unmamerican
Insurance is NOT access. Trump & Price want affordable access for all. That's new for loony lefties. ACA punished middle class, shamelessly.
Repubs have done everything they can to make the ACA fail since it was passed. GOP added over150 amendments to ACA! Then refused to vote4 it
How can that be when i lost my coverage and DR under Obama
People who have OBAMACARE remember LIES from Democrats EVERY YEAR.  TYPICAL LIBERAL sinks money into a collapsing system hoping for miracles
Access??, the system was rigged to fail
O'Please. Get a grip on your hate.
@SherryGramjams @realDonaldTrump @SecPriceMD @axios - TREASON...there has to be something legally to stop r asshole POTUS 
In violation of the Constitution and his Oath. To faithfully execute
We know we are doing all we can.
Censor him.
If Secretary Price is a real MD he is breaking his Hippocratic oath. Shameful.
@SecPriceMD remember your oath to do no harm? Unbelievable how cruel you are. #ACA
I absolutely agree but can you politicians please stop saying "Make no mistake"?

Have you lost your pea brain MIND?!?
Coming from the Party of Hate Domestic Terror & OBSTRUCTION
of the citizens, he is subject to immediate #impeachment, removal, & conviction on that alone, regardless of his other criminal actions. 2/2
Since @realDonaldTrump as POTUS is sworn to "faithfully execute" the nation's laws & is instead undermining them to the direct detriment 1/2
We can all tweet, slam fb but we need print and tv ads. Need support for that, some could be public service announcements. U help?
Demand universal health care! Wealth should never determine one's health! Profiting from ills and injuries is PERVERSE!!  Live Long!!
#shameless
That's what you do when your objective is to dismantle the USA.
Trump said he would do it.  We should believe people when they tell us who they are & what they want.  It's not good healthcare for all.
No surprise there. Anything to make America ILL again.
Blatantly obvious
Its not the only thing being sabotaged! He's taking the entire country for his joy ride!!
This too shall pass. Hopefully a hell of a lot sooner than later and meantime I'm ready to take to the streets
We the people are handling it.
Dems need to rally medical groups to help get the word out! We're working on the ground, but get big shots in on it.
@SecPriceMD took an oath to do no harm. He is corrupt. #TrumpGrifters #TrumpCrimeFamily
If you call the Afforadable Heathcare offices you can sign up you will be covered thru the end of year 
Then sign ups start again for 2018
Wish Kasier Permanente HMO was available thru out the United States. We have it in California and its the best Healthcare its not a failing
Why should we spend money to advertise ACA? I seriously do not get that.
So we need to do something about it. Get a bipartisan group together to fix ACA.
What will Democratic senators do about it? Options may be limited, but stopping business in the Senate seems like one of them.
He is in contempt of ALL Americans. Even his base.
It is kind of frightening
DJT took Oath of Office to uphold laws of the land!  ACA is law of the land.  When will GOP uphold their oath and use their co-equal power?
We need to become the advertisement and marketer's they win if we do nothing
Senator Merkley, if ever there was time to use social media for blatant advertising, it would be now. Links are easy 2 share.
Trump would kill ObamCare & leave Millions w/o HealthCare 4 sole purpose of undermining Obamas biggest achievement.VERY SELFISH & VERY TRUMP

Accurate.

And now would be a good time for you to publicly support your colleagues in the House who are acting to #ImpeachTrump.
Can't you haul Price's ass before Congress and make him show cause for not upholding law?
#GOP wants life to be like the Oregon Trail game.
YOU and your colleagues need to do something about this now. 

It can't wait.
Too bad for Trump supporters......they're going to die!!!
So let's do an end around and share sign up info to everyone. #ACA #Healthcare #openenrollment
Treason!
DON'T LET THEM BURY THIS.
Can't u guys do something. U have time to raise money daily. Spend sometime raising public awareness about what Trump and crew are doing.
Disgusting
And yet you have the power to make noises.... but all of you choose not to do anything against this man we have for president
They want ACA to fail!! Let the public know this. Take out adds to let public know the shame and the harm GOP Is causing. Sad
@SenJeffMerkley Please join @SenKamalaHarris in supporting @SenSanders #SinglePayer bill! Unite progressives. #HarrisMerkley2020
I'm for Obamacare, + I can't stand Trump, but I am definitely against waste spending in our gov. Everybody knows abt Ocare. Sign up or lose
Pssst. The sabotage occured in 2010.
Why we need to double down.
@realDonaldTrump is bound to kill the ACA one way or another regardless of how many Americans it will adversely affect
Insurance markets should come together to combat #ACA sabotage. @Humana @Aetna @pfizer like states did #ParisAgreement
Agreed!  I'm not so sure insurance companies have good motives to cover ALL Americans either.
More patients = more $, less access means earlier deaths less $. #MedicareForAll w/o good health  can't pursue happiness.
Of course he is, Jeff!  He said he would. Hope that you can support Kasich's single-payer plan.  
Thanks.
It makes perfect sense,  @realDonaldTrump is on a mission to destroy Our Country and the @GOP is letting him do it.
Knowing their evil intent Congress sits back & allows them to continue hurting America. All the while 2018 draws closer tortuously slowly.
We MUST flip the house in 2018.
More lies
Congress and insurance companies need to step in.  There's a debt ceiling & budget vote coming. No votes unless ACA is funded.
So - the people control social media - how do we help direct people to the site and where to get help.
Its not affordable when Obama has to steal from Freddie Mac & Fannie Mae to fund it.  Plus its rates are going up  every year.
Obamacare is a gun to your head health insurance mandate that will crash the economy if it is not at least repealed.  The only good thing
About Obamacare is that it stopped insurance companies from refusing to cover you due to preexisting conditions.
Plus why support something that for the most part was written by republicans.
What is being done about the State of Oregon being on FIRE for MONTHS? Priority to Oregon would be a GREAT thing to see.
How do you market earthquake tourism?
Social Security is more of a mystery than ACA, that's where advertising  $ should be spent
I'd like to help promote/inform people.  Can @IndivisibleTeam help provide structure for effort - if no other group steps up?
Trump's public disdain (4 Obama) & his childish behavior in general demand it of him.
#ObamaCareIsImplooooding
#YouAreOnNoticePOTUS
Twitter Citizens, we can make a difference! Spread this far and wide.
It's an Imperial presidency and administration. No democracy, facts involved.
Trump has gotten the Repubs to disengage from him.Which just leaves Trumps "great brain." Soon Trump will be throwing jewels at his Own feet
The Social Security Admin won't even tell seniors about benefits they're entitled to, but Jeff is worried welfare isn't advertised enough.
What kind of moron doesn't know about Obamacare by now?
Kill it. Complain it's dead. Blame Obama. That's the plan. Everyone not
you must act now to stop this
So sad 2 witness grown men playing pol games w ppls lives deliberately, intentionally destroying what little health care th hv, immoral.
Absolutely no doubts! They don't give a damn that 87% if Amaericans want to keep ACA. Constituents mean nothing to these Scumbags!!
You're a senator so please help by making public service announcements and appearing on TV programs
Worst administration in at least modern history filled w crooks profiteers industry hacks lobbyists amateurs opportunists clueless
Incompetent blood sucking vampires. Let's see them all give their health #benefits - better yet #LockHimUp
I guess we can't trust our government to act in our best interests and to protect us. Literally, trying to KILL Americans!!
Trump's War Against Inclusive America
It may be actionable, suing for restoration of the outreach; previous attempts to use ACA funds to run anti-Obamacare smears reinforces it!
Another despicable example of why we need to rid this country of this admin and all who are directly involved!
Any of u bother 2 read the article? Cut advertising budget from 100M to 10M. No cuts 2 any healthcare.
Soon only the rich will be able to afford health care. SAD!!
They want the old system back where everyone has fast food health insurance that covers little, can kick you anytime, and puts $$ on ur life
Yep!
What can we do?
it's up to us to make sure it doesnt happen/.
It's not a regular fever...! It's something...much...w-worse... *burns up*
This #POTUS is deliberately hurting Americans physically in order to line his pockets.
He is violating his oath of office daily.
Recruit volunteers...people who work campaigns to set up tables at community events and distribute info + social media.
Stop them NOW!!!
Single-payer, Senator.  Why are we waiting?
Keep speaking truth to power!
#Thankyou
#Constituent
#NavyWife
#HealthcareForAll
Attach funding ACA to govt shutdown @SenJeffMerkley @RonWyden
Every state should sue
Dr. Price is a despicable example of a physician.

Sample of what we're up to already - please share:https://www.thunderclap.it/projects/61147-aca-signup-reminder …
He makes me sick. What can we do Senator?
ITMFA google it.

People are dying
I you!  @BabsSCL
You are kind.
#ACA #swfl south west FL info
For the last 7 years republicans said they have a better health care plan where is it.
I question the legality of an administration working to sabotage existing law intended to benefit as many citizens as possible!  #DemForce
You do have the straight. Toddler-like temper tantrum
Then it's time for Public Service Announcements (PSA's) produced and payed for by left leaning orgs.
Ok so outsmart him.  Recruit an army of health professionals by state to explain it to citizens ...
@SenJeffMerkley Do something. U r a Senator. You've got power, use it.
Do something Senator!
So what are you and the rest of Congress going to do to protect your Constituents from the dastardly duo? @SenMikeLee @senorrinhatch
I hate these people more and more everyday. The levels that they will go to to harm people is apalling,
Trump has definitely crossed the line for impeachment almost before taking office so let's get it over with so our country can recover
.@SenJeffMerkley, help us get the word out about #ACA open enrollment by posting this pic as your banner on your profile:
No, the mistake was made last November ...
I HATE TRUMP.
It's a DISGRACE that in the most advanced country on planet earth,we STILL fighting over Heath care. We have put politics 1st n not mankind.
We all knw wat Potus is all abt n to where his loyalty lies.Also Sec Price-his pure evil.They don't care dat HC is right 4 every American.
#PRICE= #GEORGIA!!=PPL CAN'TgetCOVERAGE--MENTALLYill=#HOSPITALSclosed! TRIED TO CLOSE ERtoPOOR!
Elections, elections, elections, elections! 3 primaries & 4 general elections per voter between now & 2020 in order to clean house.
This tweet would have been accurate Jan. 21, 2017 as well. This has been their DESPICABLE & SOULLESS approach. Price is a CROOK just like DT
Trump to America, drop dead
The world to Trump: "Right back 'atcha!"
There is no doubt.They know what they are doing,they know they are hurting people,and they don't care.Never have,never will.
Deliberately sabotaging is what this world has turned into. Language extremity.Trump is beyond horrible. But "sabotage" is over done here
And what are you and Congress doing about it? Tweets not good enough. You will ALL be held accountable. Impeachment now!
Criminal behavior
Sen Merkley. Get yourself some of your Senate friends and make some ads with the info. We'll all fund it. Unifying exercise for Dems.
@dhaynes101 @realDonaldTrump @SecPriceMD @axios Canstates take up advertising costs using public service announcements?
The insurance co's are!  Current premiums & deductibles are not affordable!
It was dead to begin with! Do YOU have this for your health insurance? If not, don't force feed Americans this crap!!!
"Affordable care" or do you mean high priced health insurance policies?
So let's crowdsource some ads & defeat their evil scheme!
Of course they are. They want tax cuts for the wealthy and less money for infrastructure.
No mistake. But we need an aggressive MSM and PR campaigns to fight it. Can't sit back until this bastard is history.
So Senator Merkley, how are you & your colleagues going to prevent this?!
That proves obamacare is not dead.he is having to resort to rigging his viewpoint.please continue the fight to repair that which needs it.
He also has Florida legislators passing a bill to cut funding 4 the Mueller invest. + he doesn't understand Y America is so mad, he's stupid
Lots of luck.the investgation is a steamroller that wont be stopped til the job is done.if it was going nowhere,i could see it.
We need to get 45 out now.
You've got that right! Because of their negative comments & threats, my ins carrier Blue Cross sent letter I may need different ins in 2018
Trump must be stopped.   Daca must not be repealed.
And Trump ran on providing great care to every American. No one dying in the streets he said.
We know and peoe are dying while they line their pockets. If they dont like obamacare then they should give all the same as them free.
And Obama will get the blame
The ACA already do that.  Drop the handbook. I'm begging you.
Was there ever any doubt, Senator?
We know that! Call it ACA and maybe Trump wont know it's the same thing??
Go get 'em, sir.  The country has your back.
Ansolutely.
Anything you can do to stop it!?
Let's do our own ads n volunteer to help those in need instead of complaining trump n price are disgusting inhuman people where is congress
Exactly
As someone that bought Obama care in the past, I don't see the need for any ad dollars to be spent.
Sure glad I live in beautiful Oregon now.
Stop the madness. When is congress going to stand up against this yahoo?
I'd like to see them come up with legislation that restricts direct-to-consumer advertising for BigPharma to the same amount (or $0).
Disgusting
Why waste money advertising a failed program. If a good program people would flock to it without advertising
The entire GOP has been sabotaging the ACA since it passed
Would anyone expect anything else from this Administration. He's mad he can't get those tax cuts for the rich, so remove the way to sign up
Need grassroots campaign 2 get word out.Current Open Enrollment Period is November 1, 2017 - December 15, 2017.Tell everyone!#ACA #Obamacare
Important message enrollment is now shorter by 45 days. Another sabotage.
Grrrr.  GRRRR!!!!!
Now what?   Call them out every day loud and clear
Of Course They are Been doing that for Months now @realDonaldTrump Cant Stand Being The Biggest #Loser in History and Price Should b in Jail
By 90%!!! But they care about the people
We have to promote it.
