What's unprecedented is filibustering a SCOTUS nominee. There's a REASON Democrats are out of power.
A president under investigation by the FBI should not be making lifetime appointments until the investigation ends. It's simple.
That's your opinion, not the way it works.
What did I say that's wrong?
we are with you Senators! #Resist for Democracy
"#Resist for Democracy"
This is an oxymoron
Yeah, well, it's gonna fucking stand. 

Feel free to thank Harry Reid.
#NuclearOption Time for the Repubs to grow some nads...like Senator Warren...
Unprecedented. lol. You're hilarious.
You mean like the last 8 years? Like the attack on the Constitution? Like our health care? Democrats need to sit down and shut up it's over
Republicans approved Obama's picks, even Affirmative Action case Sotomayor. Dems only oppose a very qualified Gorsuch for political reasons.
This is about the fact that Blues R pissed that the Reds followed the Biden Rule and refused to vote on Garland Get over it and compromise
You dems are beyond lame,more like you will soon be gone and voted out for tomfoolery
#ConfirmGorsuch
You are on the same level as a 6 year old, sitting in a corner, crying, because the grown ups said you couldn't have your way.
Fight the good fight gentlemen. Hold fast.
how does it feel 2 come up 9 hrs short of Strom Thurmond's filibuster? All 4 nothing 2 oppose an originalist.
Then sit down and stop assaulting the sanctity of our institutions. Obstructionist!
So proud to have you as my senator.
This fight is lead by ignorant people you don't want to vote for a judge who actually upholds the law. Shameful displays.
ur all obstructionist & #Hypocrites who forgot they took an oath 2 uphold OUR constitution AS WRITTEN!
Absolutely!  G would change our Constitution for the point of no return if given chance.
Harry says hi. Where ya been?
False statement.  Fake News.  Clown Stunt.  Cutting Off Nose to Spite Face.
Unprecedented? It's not like Republicans were trying to pack the court like Dem FDR did. They're just following the Biden Rule.

Video: Neil Gorsuch speaking at the conservative Federalist Society Conference

#holdthefloor #stopgorsuch #resist https://youtu.be/VI_c-5S4S6Y 
blah blah blah blah blah 
You lost. Get a life.
Pathetic frauds.
Thank you Senator Merkley for being a super hero. You are amazing. 
Dick Turban! That's classic 2 ass clowns teaming up just to get a beat down.
you the man
you are clueless and completely misinformed.
New TV show.."Those Two Morons."
It wasn't so much an unprecedented assault when YOU introduced as a legislative option was it!? You're despicable. What is good for goose...
@SenateDems @SenatorDurbin Thank you, for this fight for justice for the people,not just the billionaires y bullies !
@SenateDems @SenatorDurbin Bullying by GOP. Hold the floor!Stop unqualified Gorsuch !
#confirmgorsuch
@SenateDems @SenatorDurbin Sen. Hold the floor we are with you ! Stop Gorsuch! Save our democracy! Bless you!
when idiocy met deep corruption, it was MAGIC!
@SenateDems @SenatorDurbin Thank you for doing this! #holdthefloor
STOP GORSUCH
Thanks, guys!
Bwahahahaha partisan hack says what?
'But 60 votes is SO HARD' is #NOTAnExcuse
Translation: "This guy actually believes he should not legislate from the bench and should actually FOLLOW the law!"
Thank you
A political stunt from the party with nothing to offer the American people.
now even gov admits , we do not have a blind justice system ! their a dem or a gop judge . this proves it
Hold the floor! Thank you Gentleman.
A million thank you 's for standing up for what is right for the American People
What?
Thankyou for standing up for what you believe in!!!
Thank you Senator. Go, go, go!
Originalists don't recognize women blacks native Americans etc. We need justices who come from outside the bubble who have rode the rails.
Did you know that Originalists include the 27 current Amendments as part of the Constitution?
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Thank you for the fight !
Thank you @SenatorDurbin! Will any other @SenateDems #HoldTheFloor
Don't let Russia attack our Supreme Court too. VOTE NO
Maybe I'm just a GOT fan but Merkley reminds me of Hodor  #NuclearOption vs #HoldTheFloor I'll take the Nuke #MAGA Win to #ConfirmGorsuch

Congrats  Branco- official cartoonist for the people's revisionist army - The Fighting Fabricators
Thank you Senator Durbin
Thank you, Senator Merkley!
Thank you for doing what is RIght #holdthefloor
